===== 0002601_19030501_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDBR AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED

TJEDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. IBSTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY --____ ATTENDRD TO.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCOUNT BOOKS, &c. MADE TO ORDER. EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE. JOHN W ALKHR & EXAMINER OFFICE. PRINTERS t BOOKBINDIPRS. TELEPHONE, 355 y

BEWEIEY STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19030501_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• 1:

===== 0002601_19030501_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
-9,-.....4 '4.,-zielow ~., /7 I_,f., —i:" ; ..,:;,,-_:: kit I i ‘'.2.,1 ~ , 4,1 1 t , ~, ~, , .),q __ ~1.,-4, , vt) I i 1 i,,,,,,,4, 74.4',"' 1 : 10, '4#44ii:ln! ?' '''''''' , . _ -

No. 1255

QPJJENDID Asz,ortment of New Season's PAT- r..Yg THRNS for our Celebrated 10s, bd. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wormerfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

IERESFO.I.-t.D'S

GREAT

CLEARANCE SALE, BARGAINS

IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.

BERESFORTYS 771 CHURCH STREET, 'LIVERPOOL

'L • '

gniutatton.

FOR MORE TFIAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERI TED GREAT BF:REFIT FROM

DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVR HAD A WORLD-MDR RRPOTAPION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND.

They are universally known to be the best Remedy for Aviannia, Debility, Depression. Weakness. and Female Ailments. Of Chemists and Stores everywhere. boxes 9id, is lid, 2s 9d. Is 60, and us, or under cov sr from the Proprietor 1309, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL,. LONDON, W.

, , .

4.4 j 4 ;51.1)

===== 0002601_19030501_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
- , ArLi., 41,.....4„,ft1i/xV'l;': /V 9,... ~ et.--,_:-•ri,r,„: ) 6.k <44*. . . r. 44 A.). (w---\N-,. "1 ,A.• ''; -- 44 )'it,L );,x 1 N w. ; .'''',4';-,,u -", t;.., / I ~.,.. 0 _ '7•:, +1 i' 1 (..!' I. I ''. , ~,,., . • ..'• ~, 1 • 1,1" r.t \ ~4 :..,i,, . ts., l''. '.• ~, . 5'i"....,,, :-i--it., 4;,:k.., ~,,,,e, ~,- , ! ~1 7 ; ~•,-1 .. , . If. i -., J 1 :4 i ' I 4r. V, 4.-4 l'' r r'-'er 1.1 , a', '''') C:1'1C):1 .' \ ' 1". kk 1, I ~!.. , \44.\./. ,* 7 .44),, , •'-r.4 ;.;;--11:,;:i,; ..,>N I"s' . .\V-Z47, • - -,.. IMP \ ~,,,.....„......L._/ I \I, + . i • '').Vl 1:1 • -ViV! 1 i \Tkle,gpipy•frift.,o...,..N., ^5OL.' \`,V ‘,......:..-../

ONE PENNY,

FRIDAY, WILY 1, 1903.

ASK YOU. STATIONER FOR

MORRELL's IN K 64- '•,v7

(UNDER LOYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCRILW-STOPPERED BOTTLESff

WITH. LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE! had wholesale from

SAM N. GEBEL', MARKET PUCE, WARRINGTON mbl -HARGRAVE'S FEMALE PILLS

(WORLD FAMED). The safest and best remedy for ANAEMIA, DEBILITY, WEJLENESIORBEGULARITY, and all other ailmentspeculiar

_ to the sex. Inraluable to Worn.n. PRICF. 2e. 9D. ONE Box SUFFICIENT FOR CURE. Hole Agent fer the United Kingdom— J. ROGERS, (Box 2), 3, BRSKINB ROAD, WALTBAINSTOW, LONDON'.

BY Posr 11 736 per Quarter, 6s 6d per annum is gd per Quarter credit

===== 0002601_19030501_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
RouHrib HERBAL EMBituCAT lON.

H OCRING} OOPING COUGH COUGH— The celebrated efectua am cure 2cithout internal HOOFING COUGH. medicine

HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 48: per bottle. Sold Whole- BRONCHITIS sale Agents: W. EDWARDS CROUP & SON, 157, Queen:Victoria treat, London,

Cotlts.

(WOWS CAPRS 4s, Candle Lamps 2s.—CHIRLEs TIBBETT, k) 33 Lutterworth road, Northampton.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLE INFIRMARY

IS THE SHOP TO TAKE TOUR Is BIKE " FOR IMPAIRS. No SOB TOO 3311.L1, OR TOO DIFFICULT, ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. RFEE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS.'

TYRES RE-RIIRBERED AND RR-LINED EQUA TO

NEW IN TWO ,DAYS ALL WORK GUARANTEED...,

Cycles built to order from Perry's 13adie., B. 3. hater Lee fittings. Agent for PalmerTyres.

NOTE ADDRESS, D. H. GU.EST,

CYCLE INFIRMARY,

&LI, Ulm ADVANTAGES OF CO-OPERATION may be secured without trouble by customers dealing with Boots, the Cash Price Disrensing Chemists, who prepare Physicians' Prescriptions and Family Recipes with Pure Drugs at about one-half the usual charges, or equal to an immediate dividend of 50 per cent, on the outlay. OVER 300 BRANCH&

EACH BRANCH IS UNDER THE MANAGE- MENT OF A FULLY QUALIFIED CHEMIST.

BOOTS CASH f 1 ‘,..,HEMISTS. 126, BRIDGE STREET, 1 5, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 120.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVATE

DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appolatments unnecessary but may be arranged TEETH All consultations free, TEETH. Each; patient mt orn d beforehand the cc of work required.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETII. TEETH.

Etold and other fillings at mode: atr charges. An M.D., also Lady Attendants.-

TEETH. Painless lixtractlon u hitherto. by the aid of Nitrous Oxide.

TEETH.

Maker to Deatirce of 10,000 gallons weekly., Bxors. of the late

J. H. PARKINSON

(DENTIST NT BEAK.)

MANCHESTER- -..._46, MOSLEY-STREET

(Telephone 1660),

MR. MADDISON ATTENDS' ST. HELENS

MONDAI, 9.30 am. to 6 pan:. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m

WARRINGTON ..._3A, SANKEY-STRES WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY. 2 to 5.

NORTHWICEI— 14, APPLEMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
IN ontp.

- MONEY UNDER WILLS OR DERDS.—Persons entitled to Cash or Property at death of relatives, or to Life Incomes,can borrow at 4 per cent, per annum,or Mc VirnE.42, john Dalton-street. Manchester.

EXPECTATIONS UNDER WlLLS.—Persons entitled to money or property on death of friends can have ADVANCE any amount, from £4 p.c. per ann., speedily negotiated ; if preferred, loan and interest repayable when legacies are paid. No preliminary charge3.—Apply Ma. PEEL, 41. New Oxford-street, London, W.C.

DON'T BORROW IN YOUR OWN TOW,N where you and the lender are well known. THR BRITISH FINANCE CO,which is expressly established And registered pursuant to Act of Parliament. makes YRIVATE ADVANCES to male and female without Loan Office Routine. Interest and repayments Lowest in England. £5 LOAN 2s WEEKLY 1 £2O LOAN de WEEKLY £lO „ ...... 4s „ £5O ~ EI „ £ls „ Monthly and quarterly payments taken. Letters answered and cash brought to your house.—BRITISH FINANCE CO., 45a, MARKNT-STEHRT. MANCHESTER.

ENTABLIMIED 1875. ,ElO to £l.OOO Immediately advanced mst NOTE OF HAND ALONE. LOW INTEREST. BASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always conducted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. 13. HARMS. 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY • OR 13. NEWOATE-STREET. OLIELTER.

114`11051 £3 ANi) UPWARL. uONT FAIL TU A: GIVE USA CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable is Ed weekly £2O repayable 78 6d weekly. 2.5 „ 2s 0d „ £5O „ 17e 6d „ £lO „ Zs 6d „ £lOO „ 3563 „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. DIANAGERIB4. Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE, Homo. 9 am to 9 pin,. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE 41315 D TO.

£5, £7, £lO, MO, £3O. £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- atle Householders, on their own.security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FRKELY GIVEN. M. COWER, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, 70oT OF THE CENTRAL BT.LTIOII. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOOD WIN. ?LB.—Established at this addroas Twenty Years.

UNION C,lt ED I T BANK, LIMITED Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO. HEAD OFFICE 38, RENSHAW-sTREET, LIVERPOOL, Advances made from £5 to £5,000 upon personal security, Deeds, Shares, Policies, Reversions, Annuities, ka. £l6 Bepayable 51. weekly. Entire interest...£o 14s 9d. £5O „ 20s. „ ~ £3 8s Od. £lOO ~ 40s. „ £6 15s Cd, Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- vances for fixed periods. Stooks and shares bought and sold. —Further particulars on application, personally or by letter Tel. 5438 Liverpool. RICHARD 0 AVIRS, Manager,

IMPORT AN T TO BORROWERS NO FEES OR CHARGES WHATEVER. Any person desirous of obtaining a loan at once from RIO to £1,060 for any private or business purposes on note of hand alone, and without sureties, can obtain same by apply lug to onr manager. Applications can be made personally or by letter, and upon receipt of same a representative will at once call to see you and complete the business, DI iTANCE NO OBJECT. Apply WOLFE, 9. CORPORATION-BTREET. MANCH EATER. P..—lf any person is paying the usual extortionate rate of interest arrangements can be made to pay off,

NO FINES.-NO SURETIES. £5 upwards, on day of application, to all respectable people, profess' ma's, tradespeople, farmers Ac., for whatever purpose required,and any length of time. Reasonablelinterest AND EASY REPAYMENTS TO SUIT EVERYBODY. DISTANCE NO OBJECT. OUR BTRAIORTFORWARD AND CONFIDENrIA.L DEALINGS WITII ALL OUR CUESI'OMER9 ARE WELL KNOWN AND RECOMMENDED. Apply in confidence and be convinced to H. WOLFE & Co., 4 PARKER-ST., WARRINGTON. corner house), near Bank Quay, Station. Hours 9 a.m to 8 p.m. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

THE WIDNES INVESTMENT AND BANKING COMPANY, LIMITED. 66, VICTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES. BSTA.BLISHED 1887 AND INCORPORATED UNDER THE COMPANIES' ACV! 1862 AND 1896. AUTHORIZED CAPITAL £25,600. LOANS OF £5 TO £5OO are made from periods of one month to three years, upon personal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount required, and the position of the applicant. Alio upon Deeds of Property, Building Society Policies of Assurance, &a. FOR FURTHER PARTICI/LA RS APPLY TO THE MANAGER. Agent for Warrington: Mr. JOSEPH WADS WORTH. 121, Mersey Street.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY In large or small sums (not less than £10). payable by instalmente, or as may be mutually arranged, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. The undersigned has been ESTABLISHRD UPWARDS OF THIRTY /BARS, and has formed a very large conneo- ;tion. During the last 10 years alone the total amount Lent by him

===== 0002601_19030501_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCEEDED .Z 1,250,000 !

, He has received HUNDREDS OF UNSOLICITHD LETTERS OF THANKS and has annually, for the past seven years, issued selections tram these in pamphlets, of which nearly 400,0f)0 copies baye been printed. prospectuses. terms for Advances, or any Information de-- sited, will ty supplied FRHH OF CHARCHI, on application, efther personal/7ot by letter, to :

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT. CoUNTY PALATINII BUILDING 3. 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL.

OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :-

20, KENNEDI--3TREET,MANCEI3SFER

EXAM:

INER " OFFICE,

- ALL KINDS OF PUINTING:FOR CONCERTS TEA PARTIE'S

===== 0002601_19030501_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. . ; .

===== 0002601_19030501_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, .

===== 0002601_19030501_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6.11 -

===== 0002601_19030501_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
,

CROWNING THE TEMPERANCE

QUEEN.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
Reetition of the Band g Hope

Festival.

On Monday evening Parr Hall was again the scene of festival promoted by the Warrington Band of Hope Union. So successful was the production of the pretty spectacle of "Crowning the Teraperanee Queen " a few weeks ago that the officials decided upon its repetition. The fact that there was again a large audience speaks volumes for the attractiveness of the entertainment, and the interest taken in the work of the Union. About 200 children, tastefully attired in white,occupied the platform gallery and •rendered the choruses. Mr. R. A. Naylor presided. And was accompanied by Miss Naylor. The proceedings oommenced with the singing of the hyrun " All people that on earth do dwell' and prayer was offered by Mr. W. H. Sherburne. The CHAIRMAN said it was a source of very great pleasure and gratification to him to be able to come from the great metropciiis for the purpose of attending that Band of Hope festival and to see so many young people and others present in that hall. The temper- ance question was, ifnet the greatest, one of the most important questions now before the consideration of the thinking public of this country,for if temperance did not prosper,the country would not prosper. If tem- perance increased the prosperity of the country would increase. Temperance and religion if practised by the I people of this country would cause the nation to ride upon the high places of the earth and to lead thenations of the world in the van of civilization and everything that was good and noble. The temperance movement! Ix ad now been paing on'for more than 60 years and they I had recently learnt a fact of which they ought really to be proud—that Warrington was the birthplace of that great and noble institution. (Applause.) He was fur- ther very proud t,olnow,that one of his relations—his mother's brother, Henry Andertou, the temperance poet, of Walton-le-Dale—ttsed to come to Warrington more than fifty years ago and deliver those wonderful orations to which thousands hadiistened in different parts of the country. He was proud-to know that he stood in the same position us Henry Anderton. (Applause.) He was a thorough going abstainer from all kinds of intoxicants and lived in a house where strong drink never entered. (Applause). He had been associated with the temperance movement and had tokenan interest in it for a great number of years, and he loved the work and the cause more than-ever. If they were to ask him,

what was the great force that kept him straight upon ! the question, be woiild-tell them that he could trace his family history back for 'GOO years. There was some-. thing in that history to be proud of,and something to be sorry for. He had had relations in the past—men of high intelligence sad capacity—and some of them had , gone down to the dogs and to beggary through strong drink. As be looked ,upon, the misery and wretchedness in connection withiais,own family history, what he said to them was a -solemn vow,—that he would neither touch, taste nor handle that which had proved such a .curse .to some of his pre- decessors. (Applanse.) It was a • pleasure to him to see the children present that night. They were dressed in white, and white meant temperance' virtue. Purity, and Christianity. Ile'hoped that the children would , always remain straight, true and good, and even influence their own parents, if therneeded influencing. Hestood before them that night with the firm conviction that the Angels were around them in that work, that the Great , Creator was with them, and that if Jesus Himself had been upon earth He would have come and helped them in that great work which was doing so much for the 'Advancement of His Kingdom here upon earth, for the glory of God and the good of humanity. He felt sure that God would bless the work and make those engaged ' ,-in it a blessing to those around them. (Applause). The cantata:" Crowning the Temperance Queen" then

-.commenced and proved -highly enjoyable. The fifty performers who engaged in it took their parts in a manner which reflected great credit upon all concerned, and called forth hearty applause. During the evening the Retiring Queen (Hattie Burgess, Bill Cliffs and Stockton Heath) and the Queen Elect (Barbara Oldroyd, St. James's) were pre- .sented with beautiful bouquets. There ware a couple of interludes during which an interesting miscellaneous . _

programme was subiuitted by juvenile artistes. Mastes "T. Barton, Cert. R.A.M., played the violin solos "Cavatine" (Adelmann) and 'Alice where art thou" in -excellent style and was heartily applauded. Miss 4-Carrie Haatings very sweetlyoang "The swallows" and -4` The voice of the Father'/ having the honour of a very 'hearty recall for the first-named. Masters Charles, ;Joseph and Arthur Nurse created much amusement by -their actionirecitation "The shoeblacks ",andja, dialogue -"Like ntothsr" by five girls from Buckley-street Band of Hope as well received. Miss Lavinia Hewitt, another promising young vocalist, delighted the audience with her expressive rendering of "A dolly and a coach" Andin response to an encore sang "Butterflies." -Scarf And tambourine drills were pleasingly executed

by girls from Padgate Band of Hope- The voices of Misses Lavinia. Hewitt • and Elsie Spruce blended beautifully in ' the duet "The violets" and an encore was accorded. Miss Elsie Spruce's feeling interpretation of "Daddy" met with the hearty approbation of the audience, and an encore was responded to. Master 3lcCollam provided the humorous items in the shape of the songs " When father laid the carpet on the stairs," and "The tramp." Both were so well given as to create great mirth, and verses of each had to be repeated. Before the close of the entertainment, books were presented by the newly-crowned queen to the following children in recognition of their services in selling a large number of tickets for the festival :—Arthur Whitfield, James Little, Eva Howard, Jessie Ellison, Minnie Whitmore, and Bertio Wakefield. Miss Naylor presented books to the following for ability displayed at the previous festival :—Barbara Oldroyd (queen elect), Hettie Burgess (retiring queen), Harry Griffiths (first herald), George A. Whitfield (door-keeper), Stanley Jones (second herald), and Albert Spruce (captain of guards of honour). Mr. A. Spruce again conducted the choir with ability and MT. F. Podinore, M.I.U.M. presided at the organ with praiseworthy taste and skill. On the proposition of Mr. SHERBURNE a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman and Miss Nayler,the conductor organist,all who had taken part in the entertainment and the mothers of the children for the interest they had taken in the event. Mr. NA.YLOR responded and moved a vote of thanks to the hon. secretary (Mr. F. Gandy) which was carried with acclamation.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
Benger's Food is not

a Malted Food, and does not con. tam n dried milk, which is a poor substitute for fresh.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
Benger's Food is .0

mixed with fresh new milli, when used; it is dainty and delicious, hii,hiy nutria. five, and most easily digested. Znfants thrive on and delicate vald aged persons enjoy it.

Sold in Tins,

of Chemists, tac., everywhere.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YOUR GROCER FOR McDOUGALL'S Paterit SELF-RISING FLOUR

===== 0002601_19030501_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWARE OF "SPRING MEDICINES."

CURE OF A-S. MAN WHOM DR. WILLIAMS'PINK PILLS SAVED FROM THE DIRE EFFECTS OF i AN 'OLD FASHIONED REMEDY.

PURGATIVES SHATTER HEALTH.

"Five years ago," said Mr. J. W. Smith, of 60 King's-' road, Hay Mills, Yardley, Birmingham, a white rash broke out -en .me in the spring. I attended the Skin Hospital for some time without result. An old lady whom I knew said that I needed Spring Medicine, and advised a mixture of Brimstone and Cream of Tartar; At the end of sixweeks the white marks had nearly dis- appeared. But the cure was dearly bought, for I was in a most advanced state of exhaustion." - And no wonder, if he had been purging himself for six weeks with sulphur and tartar, or any other open- ing medicine! I used," he continued, "to get up in the morning wheezing and absolutely gasping for breath, I was so weak. Three or .four hours would elapse before I could breathe with any comfort. I was never&ble to do any work until afternoon, when my lost vitality seemed— some of it—to return. I assure . you I was no more capable of working in the morning than of flying. My breath, too, was horrible—almost loathsome. This went on for some weeks despite the many medi- cines I tried. At last, I resolved to buy a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, which I had often read about in the papers. I soon began to feel the benefit. There was a surprising improvement from day to day, and after I had had three boxes I found it unnecessary to continue taking them any longer. I was completely caned." Mr. Smith had a fortunate escape. It is quite right to take a little Medicine in Spring to counteract the bad effects of change of season: but not a Purgative. On the contmry, the reason that spots break out on the skin at this time of the year, and that many people feel run down, is that the blood needs building up. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People do far more good than ordinary Spring Medicines, and they strengthen instead of weaken. Liver-spots, eczema, bile, indiges- tion, kieney complaints, languor, fatigue, anemia, and St. Vitus' dance are all 'liable to show themselves at this season of the year. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cured them all. If any difficulty is experienced in ob- taining the genuine piils, which bear the full name in print on the wrapper, readers are adVised to send 25.9 d. to Dr. Williams' Medicine 'Company. Holborn Viaduct, London, who will send the pills - post-free; six boxes for 13s. 9d. Do not waib to be really ill. You need them now as a safe Spring Medicine, the only Spring Medicine that Strengthens instead of Weakening.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE AT LYNN. Percival—Massey.

A marriage of considerable 'local 'interest was ademnized at Lymra Parish Church on Tuesday, the contracting parties being Miss Martha Ellen Massey, daughter of the late Mr. Peter Massey, of Oierryilane, Lyzarn, and Mr. Joseph Percival of 'Crowley. The bride was becomingly attired in a handsome white dress with veil, and carried a pretty bouquet, and were a locket and chain, the gifts of the bridegroom. Her brides- maids were Miss Caroline Forster Massey (sister) and- Miss Percival, (of Norton), who were attiredin dresses of Pale blue, with black hats, and wore curb bracelets, the grits of the bridegroom. Mr. W.. Beswick, of Arley, discharged the duties of best man. The officiating clergyman was the rector (the Rev,. G. B. Thurston), and as the newly married couple left the church the bells rang out a merry peal. Later in ,the day the bride and bridegroom left for South- port, where the honeymoon will be spent. Numerous presents were received including the following :- -Mr. Dan Percival (Crowley), dinner set, cruet, and case .of carvers; Mr. and Mrs. Robert Brooks .(Appleton), knives; Miss Massey and Mr. Crosbie, clock; Mr. and Mrs. Bowyer (Helsby), decanters; Mr. and Mrs. W. Houghton, carvers; Miss Burgess (Brinningten), quilt; Mr. T. Wilkinson, mat; Mr. and Mrs. Darbyshire,silver spoons and forks; Mr. and Mrs. Walker (Utkinton), ,baremeter ; Mr. and Mrs. A. Percival, silver sugar and cream jars; Mrs. T. Wilkinson, antimacassar; Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Hillier, table cover; Miss E. Houghton (Grappenhall), lace curtains; Mr. and Mrs. S. Houghton (Grappenhall), coal box; Mrs. Frith (Futton), tea set; Miss Beswick (Arley), lace d'oyleys ; Miss Carrie Massey, lace curtains; Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Wright (Whitley), counterpane; Miss A. Percival, table cover; Mr. and Mrs. C. Percival (Halton), tea service; Mr. Jeff, cheque; Mr. and Mrs. Chorley, Wedgwood jugs; Mr. and Mrs. C. Massey (Antrobus), standard lamp ; Mrs. Wright, table cloth; Mr. W. Massey, pair of ornaments; Mr. Maginn, carvers; Mrs. James Lea, .trinket set ; Mr. Alfred MasSev, bronzes; Mr. Southeran, clock; Mr. and Mrs: J. Davies (High Legh), silver spoons: Mies M. A. Whitlow (High Legh), silver jam dish ; Mr. C. J. Wrighton, ornaments; Mr., W. Beswick, carvers; Mr. D. Massey (High Legh) vases; Mr. And Mrs. Archdale, tea set; Mr. E. Massey, toilet set; Mr. And Mrs. Owen (Weaver Park), tea ser- vice ; Miss Rigby (Little Leigh), framed picture ; Mr. and Miss Hardy (Appleton), lamp; Mr. W. Sutton (Antrobus), clock ; Mr. and Mrs. Gorman (Arley), mirror.

Municipal Trading. On Monday afternoon a meeting of tile General Pur- poses Committee was held at the Town Hall under the presidency of the Mayor, when the names of the gentlemen who had been appointed to confer and draw up a scheme for an inquity into the trading trans- actions of the Corporation were approved, viz., Alder- man Bolton and Councillors Tinnion and James Evans to represent the Corporation, and Councillors Dodds, and Pemberton and Mr. S. Norbury-Williams, to represent the No-Municipal Trading Committee. Property owner 3 and the Corporation. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Mr. S. Wilson, deputy town clerk, make an _application to the magistrates to fix May 14th for the hearing of objections by property owners to the forming and paving of certain streets and passages.. The as would probably occupy about two houra.--The.pagia- trates acceded to the request. •

===== 0002601_19030501_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, May 1, 1903.

about them. 1. round mm rawer a Itrzve, antt would have dropped him in any case, but when he began to -chatter about you I kicked him out." "What did he say about me?" asked Dora, flushing. "I detest. him."

"Vane did not think so. Ile *informed me one night when he had taken more wine than WaS good for him that he intended to marry you." "Marry cried Miss V:remewan, her eyes sparkling with indignation. "" If there was not another .man alive I would not-"

"1 know:! I know 1" interrupted Will hastily, "and -so I told him. He then said that you would be glad to marry him when you knew that —forgive e, Dora, what lam about to :say." -"I can guess, Will. ITe said that I ;had no right to my father's name." Will nodded, and went on rapidly Avith his story, as he felt that the subject was !a painful and delicate one. "On that account he declared that you would be glad to marry him. I took him by the throat and forced him toO 'give his 'reasons for such a speech. He equivocated and defied me. But 1 got the truth out of him in the end," Will said grimly. -"Did you hurt him much?" asked Dora, unable to restrain a smile at the thought of the delicate, languid Paul struggling in the grasp of this -Devonshire giant. "Not much," replied Hannaford, carelessly; ."lie soon gave in. He then told me about his finding of ,Pillage, and how your mother's second marriage was null and void. Then he declared that her intended to claim the estate when his uncle died. He was most anxious that I should hold my tongue, as, according to him, he did not want to upset things during Mr. Tremewan's lifetime. I half promised to IL silent. Then changed my_mind. '

"Why did you do that, Will?" "For your salci-, Dora," said Will, pressing her hand. "I thought that your father was ignorant of the truth as Enown to Vane, and fancied that under those circumstances he might make a will which might be upset by the artful Paul. I therefore determined to see your father and put him in possewion of all the facts. He could then —as I believed—make a new will that would give the property for certain to you and to your mother. :I therefore wrote to your father and told him that I wished to see him—"

"I saw the letter," said Dora, "and my fathez wrote back making the appointment for ten o'clock Ott that night." "Yes. I refused to hold my tongue about the matter, although Vane came several times to ask me. I went to Avonleigh, and rode over on my machine acid saw your father."

"Do you think Vane followed you Will?" - -

"1 dia not think so before, but I think so now. I expect he kept a watch on me, and find- ing that 1 had gone to Devonshire he guessed my errand. You say he was at Dartbridge on that night?" "Yes—at the Nelson Hotel. Your father got the information from Grant, who was in service at the hotel at the time. Grant said that Vane was out on the night of the crime and did not return till midnight."

" Prob;bly he kept a watch on the house," said Will, then started. "If that i$ the ease, Dora, he must be able to state that I left your father alive and well at a quarter to eleven." "Ho might be able to state that," said Mies Tremewan, with emphasis; "at the same time, if he. is guilty himself-" He can't be, Dora," cried Will, again pacing the cell; "I tell you you the fellow has not the pluck of a rabbit. I daresay he came down and watched me, as he knew where I was going. It might have been Vane who stretched that rope across the road to break my neck. It is just the kind of thing he would do, and, of course," added Will, with a shrug, "he owed me something for the beating I had given him. But I don't believe he killed his uncle. It takes a considerable amount of courage to murder a man, and Paul Vane-" Will snapped his fingers.

"All the same Will, he returned to the hotel at midnight wet and muddy, ,and with his face bleeding." "That proves nothing. If he was watching the house for my arrival, no doubt he was con- cealed amongst the gorse—that would account for the torn clothes and the scratches. As there was no struggle with your father it is impossible that the scratches can be put down to that. But I must question Vane myself. He won't refusor to &mover me.". He may refuse to come here." "Then I shall go to him." "How can you? On this charge—" "It is a serious one, I admit. But my •father has been working on my behalf and I have seen a lawyer myself. I think—in fact I am certain —that I shall he allowed out on bail. It is not usual, but the circumstances are so strange, and —oh, I'll 'get out, Dora." "I trust so, Will," she replied joyfully. "And when you are free we shall see Paul together. There will be much to do. Meantime !—I really must be going dearest. But before I leave tell .me, 'How did my father receive your news?'" "That is the strangest park of it, Dora. He knew all about the matter airwly. In fact, it was no news to him."

.cried Dora, with dismay. "I can't believe it. If my father 'knew .that 'Pillage was alive surely he-"

"Would 'have parted .from your mother," add.A Will quietly. "No. I don't think your lather was so weak a .man. it is more probable that if he had met with Pillage he would have murdered 'him You see, Dora, your lather loved your mother very dearly, and he would not have given her up to a man like Pillage who had, so to speak, deserted her. Besides Tillage kept quiet. When he turned up and claimed his wife there was time enough to make a fuss." _ _

"Then my father knew that I—" Dora. hid her face in her hands. ."..No wonder he was never fond of me," she said in muffled tones. "I don't think it was on that account at all," said Will, impatiently, "for on the same ground he might have taken a dislike to his wife. The fact is, my poor Dora, your father loved his wife—or his so-called wife—so much that he had no room for you in his heart." "Did he tell you that, Will?"

"'No. He explained that he had known for over fifteen years that Pillage was alive after his own marriage. He was not certain at, the time and he was most anxious to know. You see, Dora, if he could have procured proof of the death of the first .husband he would have married your mother again. As it was he made no fuss, and kept the matter from her." "But who was it told him of this?" asked Dora tremulously. • "Can you not guess, darling? Who was it.had such influence over-".

_ "sirs. Bedowenr cried the girl, recoiling. "Mrs. Bedowen r she repeated in a whisper. "So this was why she stayed so long at the Gray House!"

"Yes. And I suspect that was the reason she forced your father to leave her an annuity. Poor man! 'What a time he must have had with that woman at his elbow! But I don't see what else he could have done," added Will half to hiumeif "he could not shame your mother by telling her the truth." "It would have killed her," said Dora with quivering lips; "her health has always been bad; her heart is weak. I expect that was the reason my father never told her.

---."..i.;(1-hi-s—fireat love also," said Will; "don't Jorget that Dora. Ehe had told the truth, your mother would have left him, and I think he loved her too well to let her go. Certainly if search had been made proof of the existence of Pillage might have been found. If he had been alive your mother would have gone back to him; if dead, your father would have married her again." "I wonder if my mother really would have gone back to him?" said Dora, after a pause; "she ?seemed fond of my father." "Only she can answer that question. But she bore the blow well, did she?" "Yes. She fainted, but she managed to bear up. Ahi if my father had oply told her before! He had no right to keep her in a fool's paradise." "Well, Dora., as I say he loved her, and then he was afraid of the effect of the truth on her health. He acted for the best, poor man." "What did he tell you when he heard. that Vane knew r

"He was very angry. I mentioned to him that be ought to be careful about the wording ofi the will lest Vane should claim the estate. Thel idea never struck him before, queerly enough. He got out a copy of the will and showed it to me. I saw the flaw in it at once. The property was left to 'my wife,' in which case your mother, not being legally manied, could not claim the D14130,;-7. I witted this eat, and Tremewan mid

iaas tie wouNa sena. Tor tue lam-ye** and make a Ire& will the next day." " Was he pleased that you had come tio warn him r

"Very pleased. He shook me by my hand And said that he would couserit to our marriage. Also that he would seek out my father the next day and make it up with him. I was to go back to Avonleigh, and then your father was to let me know how matters stood. I quite expected to be recalled the next day, Dora—or at least the day after. I left the house at a quarter to eleven the best of friends with your father and in the highest spirits. Then I met with that accident, ,caused, I verily believe, by Vane. I then heard of the murder of your father., and saw what danger there was of my being accused. My own father came to see me, and whet I heard how the Inspector intended to badger you at the inquest I came on to give myself up. But I could not speak openely at the inquest, Dora. You know why."

"It was too chivalroas.of you, Will," she said, throwing her arms round his neck. "I shall never be able to make it up to you darling." "Yes you will, when I am free and you are my wife. But now that 'Vane has come forward, Dora, I see a chance of Ending the true culprit." "Not Paul Vane? said Dora faintly. .

"No, not Vane; .although I believe- from what you teal me that he was hovering about the place on that night. However, I'll see about getting out on, bail, and then I'll soon 'bring Mr. Vane to his bearings:" "What about Mrs. Bedowen?"

"We'll see her also. As she knew that Pillage was alive—although your father never told me how she obtained the information—she may know if he is still above ground. At all events we must see her. Now go, darling, and God bless you for the good news you have brought me." They kissed and parted. Dora returned to Mr. Hannaford in the best of spirits and cheered him up also. They now saw a chance •of/getting at the heart of this mystery which had 'baffled them for so long. "And my son will be free!" said the old Dian exultingly. "Thank God." Dora echoed the prayer with all her hart.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NIGHT OF THE CRIME.

FERGUS H IiME.

Author of " The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," " The Pagan's Cup," "The Crime of the Crystal," "Woman—the Sphinx." etc.. .tc., etc.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XVII.

WILL'S STORY.

1, will r, "My darling I" In that bare cold cell they kissed one 'another Warmly, and the warder, feeling that touch of nature which makes all the world akin, dosed the door 'behind him, leaving them alone. Yet he could not have donithis without instructions ; but the same influence that had procured for Dora the interview had obtained the -scarcely lesser boon that she should see her lover alone. For a moment or so she remained clasped in his strong arms, then remembering how precious were the moments she disengaged herself and sat down on the pallet. Will, still holding her hand, took his seat beside her. "We must make the best use of our time, dearest," she said, looking fondly into his face; "there is much to be said. You are ,looking better than I expected." "I am quite at ease in my mind," he said, with a nod; "it is so ridiculous that I should he accused of the murder of your father, that I feel certain that the charge cannot be sustained. Besides, Dora, I know that my father and you would both work to bring home the ,crime-to the true culprit." Dora sighed, "As yet we have not succeeded, dear."

"But you will succeod," he replied confidently,

"With your help, my own."

He was silent ?or moment, and a ehadow crossed his face. "I don't see What I. can do;" he answered, "even to save myself. At the inquest I confessed all that was possible. There are certain things—" He broke ioff. know. And it is of those certain things, Will, that I have come to see you about." He rose abruptly and began to pace the cell. "It is useless, Dora. Not, even to you can I Speak freely." He looked at her 'inquiringly. " You wish to know why I .saw your father secretly that night?" " I know' that your visit was made secretly, because you did not wish to risk being disin- herited," she answered; "but what .1 do want to know is why you came at all." "That is what I cannot tell you:" "You must, for your own sake—for my sake. Will, Will, be open with mel" "Dora," he took both her hands -i.t his own and knelt at her feet. "My dear 'father made use of almost the same words. I refused him. I must also refuse you. If I told you all I know, if I confessed • why I went to see your father,. I should only cause you misery " . " And Shame," she finished, looking at him with clear eyes..

-„ "Shine!" Will uttered the word involun- tarily, and a sudden flush coloured his faoe. "Why do you make use of that word?"

" Because I am beginning to guess your errand to my father." '

"That is impossible," replied the young man hurriedly; "no one knows it.'

- "Are you so sure, Will? What about my cousin, Paul Vane?" Young Trannaford started to his feet with an ejaculation, and stared at her arnased. "Vane never spoke to you about it," said he quickly; "he would not dare—for his own sake:" "Then he also was at the Gray House on that night," cried Dora. "At the Gray House!" echoed Will, opening his eyes. "Why, Dora, what are you thinking about? Vane was afraid of your father, and would not have come to see him on any account." "Yet he did come, for all that, persisted Dora. "He was at the Nelson Hotel on the night my father met with his death, and he left for London the next morning." "Is it possible?" muttered her lover, paesing his hand across his forehead, in a bewildered way. "I can't. believe it."

"You must—to :9..ve yourself, Will:" "I don't understand. How can such a beliei save me?"

"Because it is my impression that Vane killed my father."

" No, Dora. Vane is a fool, and a selfish scamp, but he would not commit a crime. For one thing he has not the pluck. What reason have you to accuse him of sucil a thing?" "Will, darling," Dora laid her hand on his arm and drew him down besitie her, "if am open with you, you must be equally open with me."

7 will be. Yet there is one secret—"

"As I told you, I think I guess your secret. You have learned in some, way of my mother's first marriage." Hannaford jumped up aghast.. "How did you come to know anything about that?" "Paul told my mother and myself. He claims the estate because—as he declared—Walter Pil- lage, my mother's first husband, is alive." "He claims the estate, does he, the scoundrel!" said Will fiercely. "I did not, think he would dare to--" He checked himself. "Tell me all about it, Dora." "One moment, Will. It was to tell my father of this first marriage that. you came to Vart- bridge." "Yes, it was. I hearl it from Vane. But I'll tell you my story later, Dora. Meanwhile let me know what this scoundrel had been doing." "Acting after his kind," replied Miss Tremewan bitterly. "Oh, I know the kind of • man my cousin Paul jet" and she related all that had tukea place and how Paul claimed the estate on the ground that Mrs. Tremewan had never been; the legitimate wile of Mr. Tremewan. "And that nukes me—"

"Don't!" cried Will, stopping her from saying the vtle word. But Vane has to prove that •Irbat he says is true." "About the marriage?" "No. 'That is true enough. Your mother did many Pillage. But Vane has to prove that Pillage is alive before he can claim the estate." "And if be does prove it, Will?" asked Dora in a low voice..

"What does it matter, dearest! My father is now friendly with me again, and he loves you like a daughter. I hall have enough money for both.."

Dora buried her -head on. hie shoulder. "It is not the money I am thinking about, Will. But my name. I have no right to—" " You can't be certain of that yet," he inter. posed quickly; "wait until Vane brings forward this man. Until Pillage re-appears--if he ever does—and is recognised by your mother as her first husband, you are legally Miss Tremewan and the estate remains with your mother. For ray part I do not believe that Pillage LS in existence:"

"Then why did you see my father about the matter?" deuxuaded Dora,.

Will sat down again, and took her hands within his own. " Listen to me, my dearest," he said, "and I will tell you all that I concealed at the inquest. You can understand now, Dora, why I did not speak out. It was to save you and your mother."

"And to do so you were ready to suffer un- justly," said Dora, kissing him. "Oh, Will, how noble you are, how-" 'Tush t" interrupted her lover, flushing im- patiently. "I only did what any other decent man would have done under the circumstances. But let me tell you all about it, Dora. . When I went to live in London I woe taken by a friend of mine to a Bohemian Club, and there met with Paul Vane."

"Did you never meet him before, Will?" "No. I had sometimes heard you talk of him, though, and it was because be was your cousin that I made friends with'. him." "I'm sorry you did that, for I don't like him." "Neither do I," replied ill bluntly; felloir is a bounder. But he was very friendly, and he was your cousin, therefore I saw more of him than I otherwise should have done. He used to come. to my rooms and talk of art and absolutely uotlling

===== 0002601_19030501_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
'CHAPTER XVIII-

MS BEDOWEN AT BAY,

In a wk Will Hannaford was out on bail. How it was managed. no one knew, as such a course is unusual when the crime is one so serious as murder. But the elder Hannaford was not without influence in political circles, and knew several members of the Government. Moreover, the evidence against Will was not so very strong. Had it not been for the enmity of Tait he woilid never have been committed for trial. When Mr. Hannaford represented that Will, if released, might be able to prove his innocence a pint was stretched in his favour. The sum involved was exceptionally heavy, but there was no difficulty irk finemg securities, as those who knew IN ill test never for a moment believed that he was guilty of the crime. As usual, there were some people who grumbled, amongst them being Inspector Tait and Colonel Gillard. "We'll all be murdered in our beds now," said the Colonel when he met Tait accidentally one day; "a nice thing it is for the Government to let on bail a probable murderer." • "I don't believe he is guilty," put in Sue, who was with her father. .

"Hold your tongue, child," gobbled the Colonel wrathfully; "what do you know about it? The Inspector here is sure of his case." "Yes, I am sure," answered Tait, who had the obstinacy of a mule; "and when that young man is tried he will be condemned, I'm sure."

"How are you so sure that be did it?" asked Sue persistently. " Because no one else could .have done it, Miss. If young Mr. Hatinaford is innocent, why does he refuse to state why he came to see the de- ceased? He hasn't a clear conscience or he would be more open. And he admits that he was with Mr. Tremewan a short time before the death." "But he does not say that he was with Mr. Tremewan at the time of the death t" cried Miss Gillard triumphantly. "Of course not, Miss. The man is not bound to incriminate himself. But I see that you have made up your mind he is innocent." "I certainly have, Mr. Tait." "Ahr said the Inspector ironically, "see what it is for an accused person to be handsome and young. Good-day, Miss," and he stalked away. Colonel •Gillard grew red and turned fiercely on his daughter. "I hope you are satisfied that you have made a -fool of yourself," he gobbled. so like your mother, oh dear me, so like her. What fools women are l" "I think we must be," replied Sue pertly, "or else we should not submit to be called names."

"Who calls you names?" "You do, father. You call ;mother names too. Yet both she and I are always working asd slav- ing from morning till night." "That's woman's sphere," furiously growled the Colonel. "I don't see it at all. We are flesh and blood as you are.. When I'm married you will rpiss me. And I Aon't care if you do," concluded Sue a trifle incoherently:

"What's that—;vhat's tint? Who says you are to be married?"

"I say so myself, fatlier. I suppose you'll let me marry?"

Who is the idiot?" asked her

I don't know father gracefully. "Dr. Pascoe. That is, I think he cares for me."

"Oh! You think so, do you? Well, I won't have it. You stay at home and help your mother. You are my daughter." "I am your 'slave," cried Sue rebelliously; "but you need not get angry, dear father; he has not &eked me yet."

Been a.l een playing fait and loose with your affections has he?" roared Gillard. "By George, if I thought so I'd drag him to the altar. Pascoe is not a bad fellow, and he has money." "As if that counted," said Sue, rejoicing that her father was beginning, to oonsider the matter in a more reasonable light," but you need not say anything, father. I have not known him long enough yet. He may not ask me to become hks wife, after all." "How do you know he has any such inten- tion?" _ _

She laughed and tossed her red head. "I am a woman,' she said, "and a. woman always knows these things by intuition." "You know a deal too much," growled the Colonel; "hurry up, or we'll miss the train." As a matter of fact the Colonel was pleased. He was not a rich man, and Dr. Pasooe had a good inconie of his own. If he took a fancy td marry Sue, why it was the best thing that could happen. for he might then help the Colonel tc place the boys in the army. Gilla,rd was quite ready, to sacrifice his.. claught.r like a- mtcand- Iphignia if necessary. That she liked the doctor was a mere detail. However, the whole idea pleased him, and he was so civil that his daugh- ter began to think he must be ill. In the meantime the fact remained that Will was out on bail. He came back to Dartbridge —to his father's house, and, strange to say, he was Nr2;:tomed by everyone. As a rule human nature is not prone to see the best in a man, and Hannaford was quite prepared to see his son flouted. But Will had always been a popular young fellow, and the majority of the inhabitants were genuinely glad to see him free once more. Also the love story of Dora and Will had seized upon the fancy of the rather slow-witted folks who inhabited Dartbridge, and they wished to see the young couple married lnd settled after their severe troubles. The mere fact that Will loved Dora proved most conclusively to the quid- nunas of Dartbridge that he had never committed the crime with which he was charged.

But he did not go out much. He- arrived at his father's house from Exeter late at night, and the next morning went over to Salcombe to see Mrs. Bedowen. He felt sure that the housekeeper knew something about the death of Mr. Tremewan which she was unwilling to confess. If he could learn whence she had obtained the knowledge that Pillage was alive, he might then gain some clue to the identity of the assassin. For all Will knew Pillage might really be alive, and might himself have struck the blow. But when it was considered how long the mon had kept silent sad had remained absent, this theory did not seem tenable. However, it was the only- one that Will could formulate on the sparse evidence at his disposal, .and it remained for-Mrs. Beclowen t. 43

.04VrollY lIIID with tarabar ejps9, mystery. The question was, would she do so? And that was the qmestion Will Hannaford went over to ask. Dora wished to accompany him, but he refused. He preferred to beard the lioness in her den alone and unaided. It would appear that Mrs. Bedowen had already heard of hla release from Exeter gaol, for she expressed no surprise when he presented him- self at the door. She saw him passing along the front of the house, and appeared at the door in a wonderfully short space of time. Will greeted her civilly, for he did not wish to force matters. He desired to see how she would act from a sense of justice, without being driven into a corner. But if he expected justice from Mrs. Bedowen he was doomed to disappointment. She had absolutely no idea of it. Indeed, the virtues of the ex-housekeeper were far and few between. However, Will gave .her ~every chance of proving herself to be a good woman. And that was the last thing Mrs. Bedowen aspired to be. "Mr. Will," she said, greeting him by the name he was usually called, `I am glad to see you. I heard they had let you out of the nasty gaol. Of course, I never thought for a minute that you had done it. I said so all the time. But Lord bless you, my dear," she added, pretending to a motherly feeling, "this world is made up of fools." "And knaves, Mrs. Bedowen," said Will with a keen glance; "don't forget that!" "I'm not likely to, Mr. Will. Many a rogue have I met in my time. But here am I keeping you on the mat. Come inside to my humble home. It is not so grand as your father's house, but it is furnished with honestly earned money. Come, sit down." "Does that mean to intimate that our house is not furnished with honest money?" replied Will, as he took his seat in the tiny parlour. Mrs. Bedowen laughed and clapped herself down on a chair. ' Bless you, Mr. Will, it is only my joke," she said, placing a hand on either knee. "I am fond of a joke. Well, so you came to see me? I take that kindly of you, Mr. Will. Indeed I do. I thought that Miss Tremewan might have prejudiced you against me, although she had no call to do so, I'm sure." • "Why should she attempt to prejudice me, Mrs. Bedowen?" "Oh well, you see she thought that I could get you out Of your trouble, and I could not. I am afraid she was angry about it. And small blame to her," said Mrs. Bedowen generously, "beint in love. But what could I do?" "That is just what I have come to ask you," said Will dryly. "What can you do, Mrs. Bedowen? I am sure of one thing. That you can do something." She rubbed her nose thoughtfully. She had been certain in her own mind that Will had come over for some purpose. Now she guessed what the purpose was. His question annoyed her, although it did not make her afraid. She felt quite sure of her position. Whatever came and went her annuity could not be taken from her, and that was all she cared about, as she had told Mrs. Tremewan when dismissed .from the Gray House. "I am willing to do what I can," she said, with assumed frankness, "although I will say that Miss Tremewan hasn't treated me over and above) well. But if you think I can give you any in- formation about the murder you are quite mis- taken. lam sure you did not kill the poor man, but who did I am quite unable to say. I was in bed at the time." "I quite believe that you did not see the crime committed," said Will in a calm tone, "but you see, Mrs. Bedowen, when there is no eye-wit- nesses to prove a crime the law falls back on what is called circumstantial evidence. You can perhaps supply me. with SOrtle." Mrs. Bedowen's eyes narrowed like those of a cat, and she looked cunningly at Will through her half closed lids. "I don't know anything," she said in a dogged tone and folding her fat arms. "Think zwti..btl," said her visitor molly; "there msy be something in Tremewan's past life which you alone' knew—which you know now." "1 know nothing," said Mrs. Bedowen again, vigorously shaking her head. "How then did Tremewan come to take you into his house?" "He wanted a housekeeper, and I applied for the situation." "I heard a very different story. I heard that you were a tramp—" The woman jumped to her feet. "I, a tramp t" she screamed, her eyes darting fire • "how dare) you may such a thing! I .have been a most re- spectable woman all the days of my life." "So you say," replied Will, shaking Iris finger at her; "but five years ago you were a tramp." "Who dares to say so?" "Oh! I can bring witnesses to prove my CaS6 if you like. But I think for your own sake that you had better answer my question." "What is it?" she asked sullenly. "Why did Tremewan take you into his house?" "I ahan't tell you. Tramp! Yes, I was a tramp. have been in the mud. I have starved. I have been in a workhouse. What of that? I am a respectable woman now. I have a roof over any head. I pay my rent. Igo to the parish church. No one eau say a word against me. What do I care what you say? You can't take away my annuity." "How do you know that, Mrs. Bedowen?" "Because it is mine under the will of my late master," she retortest). "I might be able to prove undue influence— or at least Mrs. Tremewan might be able to prove it." "Mrs. Tremewan !" sneered Mrs. Bedowen. "Oh, yes. She can do a great deal, can she not? But I know how to stop her mouth. I tel you, Mr. Will, that I hold Mrs. Tremewan and her daughter—here," and she stretched out her hand. "Yes, you may looll—in, the hollow of this palm." "In the same way as you held Tremewan?" Mrs. Bedowen, now perfectly recklhss, nodded her head., ",In the same way as I held Tre- mtwan," shelmplied triumphantly. "I know— I know." "So do I," said her visitor quietly. She stopped short in her rejoicing and leaned forward to look at him. "I don't understand. You know what? Not any secret?" , "Yes. Your secret. You share it with Pad Vane." "I know nothing about Paul Vane," she mut- tered with a disturbed look on her face; "he in the nephew of my late master, but he can know nothing. If he knows the secret," she demanded suddenly, "who toid him?" "Walter Pillage told him five years ago." "Walter Pillage!' echoed Mrs. Bedowen, her rosy face growing yellow. "You were on the tramp about that time, I think," said Will coolly. "Oh, I kno* all about it. If you would like to know who informed

MI3

" See here," said Mrs. Bedowen in a masterful manner, "I have had enough of this beating .about the bush. What do you know?" "I know. that you have blackmailed Tremewan for years."

- "Indeed. And on what ground?" "On the ground that you stated that Walter Pillage was married to Mrs. Tremewan before she inkrried your late master." " What of that? Tremewan married a widow." "A supposed widow," corrected Will; "you threatened to tell Mrs. Tremewan that her first husband was alive, and Tremewan, to close your mouth, not only took you on as housekeeper but left you this annuity in his will." Mrs. Bedowen rose and spread out her hands. "It is all perfectly true," she said, "and now that I have no further use for the secret you can have it. It seems that Pillage, the fool, told this to the Vane you speak of. Why?" "He thought he was dying at the time." "Ah!" taunted Mrs. Bedowen ironically, "he wished to whitewash his black soul, I suppose. Well, I don't care. The secret has served my turn. I did make my own terms with Tremewan on those grounds. Now I have my reward. I don't care if Mrs. Tremewari is turned out of the estates. She always treated me in *a haughty, peacock way, although I am a better woman than she ever was. As to your dear Dora-" "Don't say a word a.gainst her," cried Will, rising. "Have done with this talk! You admit that you used Tremewan's secret to blackmail him." "Some people might call it blackmail," replied Mrs. Bedowen indifferently. "Who told you this secret?" "Alii it seems you don:t know everything!" she sneered. "Well, then, I won't tell you. And you can't make me. I have my annuity. Try and upset the will if you can."

• "Ls Waiter Pillage alive Bow?" "I shan't tell you. I shall say nothing." "rit have you arrested," threatened Will,. • thoroughly angry. Mrs. Beclowen laughed in her most insulting' manner. "Try," she said, "Try I" Will rose to go. It was no use threatening this woman, as he could not fulfil his threats in any way. She was mistress of the situation, and was resolved to remain so. Mrs. Bedowen saw that he was helpless, and waved her hand ironically round the room. "All mine," she said, "all mine. I think I have done very well out of Mr. Tremewan. Don't you?"

"You are a. de/rill" said Will, losing his temper. The woman shrugged her shoulders contemp- tuously. "Hard names," said she in a bland tone. "I don't care. I've had plenty of them in my life. They will not take away my money, or my cottage, or my seat in the church. I have had a sad life, Mr. Will, but now I am respect, able. The clergyman himself is coming to call on me. Think of that!"

"Don't be too sure that your ill-earned wealth will remain," warned Will, as he walked towards the door. "I can have you arrested on sus-- picion of being concerned in this murder. You did not do it yourself. But you know who did." "I suppose you are thinking of Walter Pil- lage," replied the woman coolly ;" t'ut as yet I have not told you whether he is dead or alive." "Do you know?" asked -Will, pausing at the door.

Mrs. Bedowen tossed her head and laughed in quite an amiable manner. "I am sorry I oan't answer that question. But, then, it is not your business."

"I think it is very much my business,"_replied Will, grimly; ".you forget that I have a capital charge hanging over my head." "What has that to do with Walter Pillage being alive?" "Simply this. That I believe, he is alive, and that it was he who strangled Mr. Tremewan." He said no more, but walked away, feeling 'sure- that this was not a propitious moment for get- ting the truth out of Mrs. Bedowen. She stared after him frowning. " H'm," she said, under her breath, "you might make a. worse shot." •

===== 0002601_19030501_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
To be Continued. EVERY WOMAN

Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated Book containing valuable information how all Irregularities and Obstructions may be entirely a- voided or removed by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians, as the only Safe, Sure, and Genuine Remedy. Never fails. Thousands of testimonials. Mr. P. BLANCHARD, Daiston-land, London. -

- 17,, Icr „,,,v ... ...- ...,, 7171 5 ci, 4,3. .„ ' , . 1".1 , "F` :' T T uf'''' 07.0 x:3O X MA IA

GOUT, RuIUMATISI, SCINTICA, LUIIBAGOO.

The oxeruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. Sae. ofr-,tive. All nhemists and stares at Is. lid. Amrl2.. 9,11.

Is. TO £25.

HUMBER CHAIN-DRIVEN

MOTOR CYCLES

FROM £ 50. Cash or Deferred Payments.

A Dyspeptic

Like a Man in Gaol Until Relief Comes by

Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills.

A MAN in gaol cannot follow his natural inclinations. His enjoyment is limited... He cannot eat what he wants. He is limited to a very frugal diet. He is alive, to be sure, but life possesses few advantages. Are not all these things equally true of a dyspeptic? For all the real enjoy- ment he gets out of life he might as well be in gaol. He cannot eat what he likes, nor as much as he likes. If he transgresses any of the rules of his diet he is punished for it. Such was the case of Mr. B. Harvee, Cavendish Road, Harringay. He says: "So bad was I, to such a state had I come, that my friends, noticing my condition, warned me against consumption. For nearly two years L had been suffering from acute Indigestion and Constipation. At night I would lay awake for hours, whilst .my ailments tortured the with pain. I was advised to try Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills. I did so, and after two days I had the first good night's sleep." With refreshing sleep and the continual benefits derived from Dr. Morse's Indian Root 'Pills, Harvee continued to' improve, and soon found himself completely cured.. Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills are a positive cure for Liver and Kidney Complaints, Biliousness, Indigestion, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Foul Breath, Sallow Complexion, and Female Ailments; a. perfect Blood Purifier, curing Eczema, Pimples and Blotches. Sold by chemists and dealers. Price per bottle. If unable to obtain where you reside, The W. H. COMSTOCii CO., Ltd, 21 Farringdon Avenue, London, .E.C., will forward same on receipt of price, post free.

„ott. . • 4.k ^..44 , •,101,1ve 1:4114F-7-1'. s- L • s4,t4iK

===== 0002601_19030501_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•41Y. .1%; .

'

===== 0002601_19030501_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

01-4 .617

TEE KUM'S VISIT TO ROJSE.

His Majesty's visit to Rome has excited perhaps as much interest as his call at Paris, and it is confidently hoped that the latter event will be quite as free from any discordant note as has been the case at all the other Places he has touched. His Majesty left Naples on Monday at half-past nine in the morning, and arrived at Rome at three in the afternoon. The Royal train was preceded by twenty minutes by an ex-press locomotive, and travelled at the rate oi 6o kilometres per hour. It was composed of four saloon cars belonging to the Italian Royal train and two carriages of the Mediterranean Railway Company, and was ,drawn by two locomotives. Queen Helena surrounded by her Court, received King Edward in the Grand Hall of the Swiss Guards in the Palace of the Quirinal. King Edward afte - wards visited Queen Margherita at her palace in the Via Veneto. There was family dinner in the evening in the Quirinal. On Tuesday the King and Queen of Italy entertained the King at luncheon, and in the evening King Edward received the heads of foreign missions. There was also on this day a State dinner, at which the Ministers were present, and a State performance was given in the Argentine Theatre. On Wednesday morning the King attended a military review. King Victor Emmanuel and the princes proceeded in car- riages, escorted by cuirassiers, as far as the barracks of the carabineers. Here they mounted on horseback and rode to the review ground to await the arrival of the Queen and King Edward, who left the Quirinal at 'half- past eight in an open carriage. At 12.30 a luncheon Was given to King Edward at the British Embassy, from which place his Majesty proceeded to the Vatican. At 8.30 p,m. there was a dinner at the British Embassy, at which the King and Queen of Italy were pre- sent. At noon on Thursday a luneheon was given at the Quirinal, after which his Majesty left for Paris. The Voce della Verita, in an- nouncing King Edward's visit to the Pope, recalled the fact that before King Edward's time Caedwallo, King of the Anglo-Saxons in the seventh century, went to Rome in order 'to be baptised.

THE FRENCH PRESIDENT'S VISIT. .

It- is very gratifying to those who are desi .tous of promoting good feeling between the English and French races to ha.ve President -Loubet visit London, so near to the time of Xing Edward's call at Paris. There can be =tittle doubt in the mind of the British public as a whole that France is a far More congenial friend than Ger- Many. The gut- ter press of Paris, Which seeks to stimulate ani- %ity between ^IL -Le races, need not be taken in to account : and it may be very safely said -that this ani- mosity is almost as purely imagi- native as re- gards the other side of the Chan- nel as we know it to be on this. England may laugh and even be disgusted at PRESIDENT LOUBET, the French, but there is little Worse ill-feeling than this. France is really doing nothing to merit our animosity com- pared to what Germany is doing and will do. Germany is anything but friendly to us; she Only seeks our aid to make us cat's-paw, as in the Venezuelan tiouble, to say nothing of the Perpetual raid she makes on the British labour market and British trade. France is flippant, but Germany is dangerous ; it is obvious Which is the more desirable. Hence, it should be 46ur aim to give President I.oubet a splendid reception, and it is gratifying to notice evi- dence of this being given

t -

ROME AS SEEN FROM ST. PETER'S,

A MILLIONAIRE'S WEDDING.

Marriage will out; and the wedding ol Mr. William Kissam Vanderbilt with Mrs. Rutherford, although its actual accomplish ment at the Church of St. Mark, Noftn Audley-sireet, on Saturday, was marked by what has been described as "the least possible obtrusiveness," was preceded by so much gossip in the London papers that if the bride and bridegroom had arranged to carry .out their fell design in the United States it could not have met with much more attention at the bands of a übiquitous Press. But this little lapse frotn privacy apart, the wedding of the American railway magnate appears to have been closely modelled on he 'Wemmick -Skiffins union. Mr. Vanderbilt did not exactly, after drink- ing a glass of rum and milk, put a fishing

..7__ ~..,--_,,,, ,7, -- -.___-_,-:::- 7-4117- --;'-:=7, ..r.1,... 1: 7 i A --7,1.:1.1.-:.-74,1,'-iit,„ •';'_:-li=f7"--=...-.z,-, --- --.::.:, •:' . ' :*. , - _"--•-•-•!,,' -,r,'5,--t-^,rfe___"l.7", z....;•:.:.::,-,_ --....---- := -: r'7T-j • - -; _--7- :-...,-----,---c-47, 'A. L.-- - -->.- ' ' •,' ' ' "i)tipt77 7 414 ,-----,- - - ---"", ' -...4'' •*.'"'''',.'" 1`" A-:- i' ' ! ,' .: --..-•- - : .fd,'"i ,s ' 5 f ••• . If)__2•_;.. ~,,,i7•17 i....!' ~.f.: _-2. ...---4-. ei: ..!,i-. s-I', ',..v.:..., , .'. .., '''.,,r.' - L-:-.r.'--ti;,--', ...4 ii,, ~, ~,...,,,. ",)-•• '' 4. 1-;,,,‘.:-'-..•-;,;,:,,st,gis la, --`.-.. ,7;,",,t.. 1i.,',"•4&k12171Er-A ''Y''`.----I-I,', ..' ----- f7:--...-f--4:,,--e,..,z1:-.4,'6,,.;0).00;tigiri --":-. ..--:- _.,..4,,, 5L....4-:.,w-i,n - • ;..',..9,a.„,,.,,:„ ie.;.,!--,:.7.,; ,--NN....,_„,....,...-.2 ' _-,, pr-A.:l-H . • 01:.i '''.- ,it ; :4`'Par'. '-' ' 41.71h7---tr-r - • 1.--74',11,t,r',• "it) 2.__-. s • .----`......,, 0— 4 ..,'.O _____ , ,:;..... :_.... -.t • ~,,, 7-17F-T-'7( ,'''' :, - .#4 1.--- 4:•.r./...,t0 i,'-.- •-. '.. ..V.,-.1,1"1::::; 1- -..,-;,.... 4. ci -,-----I:2_ ' , , •.• . il, wo, , ..,,, 00 ,i,,,,tr, 174 ----:;-", ....,'• '. 1,---'--.. 7--::,,,i.; ,/e,',7,-vii,,.:'/ , -i•-•;-,,,,,-.4-1"k:!,".,k- ~ - ' _ '...= i - if-..-L-,1',-."'"' :i": d: !•,', •-- -.",--::::,-',/ , ,7-=•••'-•.,44,11 ,• F-t-Tu - • - '': -y.--:-, ity.fri . , -.,.. . = . I, -,,--..." , . • -.L,,,-44-.,-.,----------- -., . - ..• ..,.• ^7.1.!.'y '-:.`i'Tlif-I:A.-;•;-.-' —L-,=,.. - _. ,-; , -----,..101;•.,01.,---1,-., 77.4--.=:2->• -,_,-. f.-- r. , .. • • ~.L-11-7. 0 .... •i.... :,-;-4,;.,,,:, ..t;,..; -,;,,,-..,:, •-r.A ;1;44' •,. ',' , :':= ,-1-L.:t.:.1 !I . !1,..tattiV:VL- ,,42__,....,.-.i-;-,..;_rdl,_,__-.--1-r„-,fl7i 1, • ; -,---.1...._..i.;i.,-...._„....._.-1,1-. eel, r -,_,;,‘,,z-;.--_ • ~.-..,, 4„,..,,,,,z•-::::_z- -.1 ~ , __-,---,iti.t,i,, „t!ik . :___----- ____.--- 1 -..,....e.. gtsk (-4 ;-•_._. 't'.-'• 1,-;-/liNt. ~'''___-__,,,-'--• P,,,, r ;..„1.,;...4... ci, i 1 r.;.,..,_ -...„ r-------..., I 1 ...„., .7-''''....:-.::"-_..._.4:..-__--.4:.--,__ ~.-.._ , • ....F__ -- ~ .. ". -,==-VN.2l,'-ti' 0 i ir il - -------t.' ''' . .....'.' , rz-11"-::::::- Yr' - - .> .--,. "....-., • i ..,.., . • !..,..--,..',.....,,e," • T-11, I . I •ii.,' ) __,;";:-.1'',, .. .:'...__:-'••••.,........., ~--t''''' -2 .;-- :. 41, ' \ fi'• ~..(4.11,,ti, -i:l5--14.___ ...i.,.4,%,.\.i. • ,_, „,,,, lyrailf,:f//:, 41 ' __,...ii'li,_... -12154-,-417, - - - Aro ll,:iit'l -•• ..,i..jo; ....,„,—,,----,, ~,c-=.= „mi.,- ~..,_-:. :...- --,....-11_,...:-..b.., ..., --,-.., „ e,„,...,,.,-- • ; _ ..,, 4 1----''':----.-_......---- sli. •••• .i/ 1 / i .2.,,1''.0! 10 ' 5' I. '‘• \\\ ‘ \ \ --- ~,..„;,:•-••,,,,,,,,. •

/72-- -----... . IN i- - - •7. 7- • „ ‘4‘ V .. 17 *

r---;:----:'_ -------_;-,.. Ali 4AI _ i (44f i '.....,,,* ~..7' .....Li.,-- 4 .....- •,':--: ..- ---__,,,, !....p ‘4,...

===== 0002601_19030501_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FATE OF LONDON'S LYCEUM.

For many months now the fate /f the Lyceum Theatre -has hung in the bala ce, and last week the climax came when the/old pile Was offered for sale by auction, but did not -evoke a large enough bid to be knocked down to anyone. The announcement of the sale 'had drawn together. a considerable company •of sympathetic non-buyers, who cheered the auctioneer's kindly references to Sir Henry Irving, and his expression of a hope that the - result of the sale might mean the preservation of the historic theatre which they all knew * so well. But capital was not demonstrative. , The property included the Theatre, the Beef- steak Room, and sundry shops, and it has frontages to Wellington Street, Burleigh Street, and Exeter Street, and an entrance from the Strand, the whole area being about 23, coo feet, or over half an acre. The auctioneer suggested that such a site must be worth from £l5 to 20 a 'foot, and said that taking the

former figure they had a value of £352,000, but he would ask for an offer of DOO,OOO to start with. There was •no response, however, and invitations to bid £250,000 and lower sums were not more successful. Li 50,000 was bid. Then by bids of £5,000 the amount offered reached o, 000. From this figure, the auctioneer, gently chiding "each dull delay," advances of £2,000 raised the bidding to 240,000, which the auctioner said was only a very little over iio a foot, and he had dealt with land in that quarter recently at £3O a foot. After th:# there were two more bids, but the competition . stopped at £244,000, and the auctioner, •observing that he was flat empowered to sell at that Price, bought the property in at L'260,000, to the disappointment of the "chorus," who al had from time to time applauded the tenew of offers; and had warmly greats() rho final bid as giving promise of mores

r—le—N--) --_---..,----., , _.- :4--• • ~.- - ) js."----1.......,,- ...:.f.- ,---A,:_t....„._414.41/4: • ',', `-e--• ..-------.--:.,---- A, z.,..,. 4:i :;.,z,-. -):N;.---, ......„ - ' lif - r "iiiiarle, 11 4,''l: 1 1 ',11;'...••'. ,1-' lil'A., I, ~,,4ki 0 ---------:„ -t, ii; vti.,, ~,.,!4,11, ..,„,.:,,, .1:. 1 • i i'lli • ii..1.1,!!,1-,!iii,... ',..7 ,I,•li. i . I .' 101 .':':t1.111,11k. ill';', i 1 , 1747, .... " ....., ---___-_,_ - -___,-._________.. . THE LYCEUM THEATRE, LONDON.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
DARt AND MRS: VANDERBILT:

rod over his shoulder, But he took an early morning walk, and at nine o'clock found himself in front of the North Audley- street Church. There was nothing surprising in that; but on entering the building Mr. Vanderbilt found there a little party of seven—exactly, as far as can be gathered, the number that, including the Aged, were gathered at the little church at Camberwell. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. R. H. Hadden, Vicar of St. Mark's and Honorary Chaplain to the King. The wit- nesses were the Duke and Duchess of Marl- borough. Mr. Winfield Scott Hoyt, Mr. Van- lerbilt's bosom friend, was best man, and Mr. Henry White, Secretary of the American Embassy, gave the bride away. These four signed the register.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYALTY AND ART NEEDLEWORK.

The completion of the new building at South Kensington, in which the Royal School of Art Needlework have now taken up their perinament abode, adds one more to the num- ber of important edifices built by architects of to-day in the same neighbourhood. In point of size and ground area it cannot, of course, compare with its .three great neigh- bours—the Imperial Institute, the Natural History Museum, and the Victoria and Albert Museum. But it can rank in the front as an architectural feature. This may be due in part to the fact that it is a corner building; but still more because in animation, in colour, lesign, and style, it affords such a contrast to the adjacent buildings. Mr. F. B. Wade, the architect, has had to contend with many grave .lifficulties in its planning, not the least being that of the accommodation of a portion of the Zity and Guilds of the London !Technical

',./44-.1,. -,, ,-.-:,---.,--24--.., -,., ,;::,-,, - '„ - • lir --•%:‘ 1.-. . ' - . #.0410,11..r, -- - r ' . tr,o '-:i337-ric .: ' :'. l' ' ‘' ! i ',' , . . •'''' -% ",f,` _l.-t".,..- , , .4_ __,..,..:::::,-1,-.-,., - --47i;>1-- ..._.--1.7-._::-•'''''-'--- '

_ - -

-,,,:..- -

THE NEW ROYAL SCHOOL OF ART NEEDLE- . WORK, SOUTH KENSINGTON.

Institute, which now occupies a large share of the b:,sem,,nt. This whole of the interior is lit by electricity, and warmed by hot water, and cam has been taken in the treatment of the walls and fittings to preserve the utmost simplicity as a contrast to the rich stuffs and tapestries to be hung there. There are many interesting, little details inside in the way of marble flights of stairs, wrought iron grilles and baluster railings, columns, groined ceilings, and the like. The Royal School of Art Needlework have now a home worthy their reputation, and the, objects so zealously pushed forward by H.R.H. Princess Christian. Her great influence and unparal- leled activity in forwarding the best interests of the work have been the most powerful means whereby the school at last enjoys a fitting habitat. On Wednesday the Prince of Wales, -accompanied by the Princess of Wales, performed the opening ceremony.

,il-': ~-, (% _,' ",..';

~„,-,. ;,..,1,- ‘,„,„.., '-'l'. .'‘..rA'a 1:' ;-:-.. 1,--ie-o-,.• ''.' ~.- -

===== 0002601_19030501_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
A ROYAL BETROTHAL.

Royal betrothals are always accorded a fair share of public interest, if only from the fact of their .comparatively rare occurence. The couplOnow occupying the most attention are the Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar and Princess Caroline of Reuss, who will shortly go through the time-honoured ceremony at the altar of Hymen, The Grand Duke is not perhaps very well known to English 'news-

.40 •filij!";is7/V.,-,%

THE GRAND DUKE OF

PRINCESS CAROLINE OF RE

paper readers, but in his own circles he a most popular man, kind and generous to a fault, though perhaps a little impulsive, and with a remarkable dmount of insight into human nature. Verily, this is a love match, for everyone in the know avers that it was a case of "first sight" that was, moreoven not too strong to last. The affection of this royal couple is perfectly mutual, one side acing as pronounced as the other.- The mu- Sims takes place very shortly.

Runni ' Runni PROCTORS Stitt Tigl Runni 1 CRICKET Eli " S'ogger " 63 " Slynker " 71 " Don " 10/6 eT t ...,,ggces." L 2, Itanji (pat.) 15/. Lancs. Witch. 1 (pattm Eounderle. 21/- BATTING GLC 3,6,46.56, 66.7 \ \ \ r WICKET-MEE) , GLOVES 7. 4 CRICKET SK ,4 15. 29,3 8, ! CRICKET BAGS 46. 616, 7,6. KO, 124 S , l';'. ' ' : . ' -. 1,- ~..;Wr' ' i t A. ~, , , ', . '; ' Z`-' • ie. , ',,, ' ' - ~ , 1.,. 00!1 1 • , • r . ' ..., LORDS! fo.. cif ,-- LIVERPOOL:. FREE. ...........:....;,

Running Pu tt4t:?' Running V, PROCTORS • Sateen Tight-Intl Running Dr Fine

i . CRICKET BATS . S'ogger " 6,3 .Slynker " 7/6 . Don " 10/6 "Suggcess" 12/6 BARU (pat.)ls/07/6 Lance. Witch. 176 (patent) Eoundede. 21/- BATTING GLOVES 3,6,4,6,5,6, 6,6.7,6. 86 \ \ \ I :c7-, WICKET-KEEPING 6 plif'( 3/6,4/6.2-°6. 618 \' /6306 f. 4 CRICKET SKIRTS •. . 1,6, 29, 3,6, 4/6. ~.4;

imps - - - 4/9. 6/6 'roctor's best, 8/9 rests—

WARRINGTON V. NEWTON-LE-WlLLOWS.—WarringtOn gained an easy victory at Newton-le-Willows on Satur- day. Scores :

_ WARRINGTON. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. J, Callon b Rylance I W.MitChel run out 2 P. B. Hawtin c Gilman b J. Olive by Lynes 0 Mitchell W. H. Podmore b b Bibby 5 Bylaw* l9 R. Carson lbw b Bibby 2 J. W. Bibby b Rylance 1 T. Cook b Lynes 4 B. Silcock bitylance ... 0 T. Williams b Lynes 9 Lynes run out W. M. Silcock, lbw b J. Carson b Bibby 2

, . Lund • 21 G. Lund ••b W. M. Sil- T. Houghton b Mitchell 8 cock J. A. Briggs c Cooke b J. Gilman b Bibby Lund lO W. H. Hindley not out 0 .1. Thompson c Gilman b .

Lund G. Hampson not out 2 Extras

Total 129 Total 45 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. NEWTON. O. 111. R, W. O. M. R. W. Rylance l5 839 4 Lynes lO 1 29 3 Cooke Mitchell Lund 3.3 014 3 cock NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS 2ND V. WARRINGTON 2ND.- Played at Warrington on Saturday. Score : WARRINGTON. NEWTON. R. Connor lbw b F. H. R. Hindley b Woods 12 Harrison R. Pierpoint std Sweet- W. Herring b Blinston 6 love b Wilkinson - E. Woods c and b Wilk- point b D. Blinston... 58 inson 2 A.HarrisonbD.Blinston 0 W. Hind c A. Pendry b S. Barr b Woods 6 NVil kinson 8 J. Sweetlove b Woods 4 W. Richardson c A A. Pendry bD. Blinston. 1 Pendry b Wilkinson D. Blinston cW. Hindley R. Brown bD. Blinston 2 b Wilkinson 6 T. Wilkinson not out... 4 E. Pierpoint bWilkinson 13 T:l3linston b Ilindley C. D. Bromley c A Pendry b Wilkinson R. G. Pierpoint not out 6 T. Crompton b Wilkinson 1

Total 79

Extras

Total lll

HIGH LEGEI V. GRA,PPENHA.LL.—These teams opened their season on Saturday at High Legh. The home lot hatted first, making 153 runs for six wickets. Towards which R. H. Gorton contributed 68, and the Hon. J. E Cross 34. The visitors replied with 74 runs for two wickets, Warburton showing good form. The game ended in a draw. Scores : HIGH LEGH. GRAPPENHALL. R. H. Gorton e Banks b J. Burrows b Davis... 5

Warrington , 68 J. Warburton not out... 35 C. W. Surridge b War- W. Banks not out burton H. Hulme b Ellison l3 Gorton • 14 H. Simpson b Warburton 12 Hon. J. E. Crossb Elli-

son Rev. G. A. Jackson not

out 7 W. Kirkpatrick b Ellison 0 Extras 2 Extras • 9

Total (inns. closed)ls3 Total (for 2 wkts) 74 EARLESTOWN v. ST. HELEl.—Playeditt Earlestown on Saturday. Both teams we fully represented, but St. Helens proved the stronger and won by 26 runs. Score :

ST. HELENS. EARLESTOWN. R. N. Turner c Alderson G. Husband c Marsden b Howarth S. G. Urn-won c Hender- T. Marsh c Henderson son G. A. Marsden c Emmett J. Miller c Foreman b b Alderson W. H. Ward c Alderson b R. A. Robinson c

Howarth - J. Hammill b. Alderson " 4 S. Henderson b Wood- L. Walker b Howarth - E. Foreman c Husband b J. H. Alderson b Howarth W. Taylor St Beardshaw T. 11. Howarth c Ham- b Howarth C. McCulloch b Howarth. 0 C. .W. • Emmett b J. H. Hanley not out ... 7 Woodley Woodley c Bates b H. Davies b Woodley Davies

5 R. Bates not out - 13 R. Beardsbaw b Mars- den 8 Extras - 4

Total ...

Total

EARLESTDWN 2ND V. ST. HELENS 2ND. Score : EARLESTOWN 2ND. ST. HELENS 2ND. F. Reade b Edwards . Bate c Green b H. Barr c Newton b Goslin Speakman 26 W. Tickle b Burrell ... 6 b Shaw 22 _Dr. Dow b Harrison ... 1 J. Smith b Speakman E. Goslin c Webster b P. Newton b Burrell... 0 ' Shaw l9 C. H. Woad b Goslin.... 9 G. Greenall b Speakman 0 E. Shaw b Burrell 1 W. Morris c Speakman Rev. B. Webster not b Shaw 5 out W. Harrison c Wood b S. Burrows b Burrell 6 Tickle P. Bolton b Tickle A. Guilford lbw b Shaw 0 . Ainbler not out 0 Extras Total S2 - Total 10".

I J. S

--,----

Baptist Church, Colborne street, On Sundays evening last , the Pastor preached to a ; large congregation, taking as his subject "Did Christ rise from the Dead ?" He gave as evidence in support - of, this theory. (1) The witness of the Gospels, which, • while differing in some matters of detail, all agree that Christ rose from the dead on the third day. (2) The witness of St. Paul. . (3) The silent witness of the first day of the week, which was recognised as the Christian Sabbath soon after the resurrection of •Christ and in commemoration of that event. The resurrection power, the preacher stated. in conclusion, still sustains the Church of Christ to-ay.

, 014'I 1 , i • ....i. • 4- N • ,',..f)i A '',,,T- -'-,--,,i',4')•1:.14q' Ao '.` %;7!.1,-t-?1 -',''sz-•' r e,...r_.'----;--------7---- ~ . ,i, ......, i f$ (*n .t.,,`•,-;'-.,\)`,,z,..A • .....i".,1 I ...„1,... •,..,,,5v•i...).',). ......,••- •i j -,, '..',.:Y;f4ar 5,10,-, -• ~ , •••.' ,C,•-it-2.;',..:' --:.-' ry, •,...:- '7----- - L.---,:::,,, '.'•-, , • , .......i .......d/ r .1 .. :::;•ttlf....- _,-.._ , ~, ,(., s • 2 ( ) i,.;•,.., -, ...; :, : , . ........0„.....,,,,/A ' li I 1 c) A 4 -, , 44 - SAXE-WEIMAR AND

===== 0002601_19030501_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
---a

===== 0002601_19030501_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Get Rich

There's as good a chance to get rich in a British grocer's shop as ever there was in Africa. Fels-Naptha is key to it. Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C

===== 0002601_19030501_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, May 1, 1903.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY UNION.

THE NORTHERN UNION CUP.

Final Tie.

Halifax Beat Salford.

The final .tie for the Northern Union Cup .was played at Headingley, Leeds, on Saturday before 32,000 people. A very hard game resulted. At half-time, there was no score, but soon after resuming Bartle scored for Halifax from a forward rush and Little kicked a goal. Hadwen next landed a pecalty goal, and Salford were defeated by 7 points to nil.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEAGUE.---FIRST DIVISION.

WARRINGTON v. HUDDERSFIELD

There %is hardly as good a gate as usual on the Wilderspool enclosure to witness the last ”latch of the season. Huddersfield were the visitors and there would be a crowd of about 4,000 when hostilities were corn- menced. Teams : _ _ _ _

Warrington—Hallam, back; Fish, Isherwood, Dicken- son, and Harris, threequarter backs; Edmunds and Duckworth, half backs ; Boardman, Edmondson, Forster, Coleman, Naylor, W. Swift, Jolley, and J. Swift, for- wards.

Huddersfield—Kitchen, back ; Wimpenny, Thomas, Larrard, and Deere, threequarter backs • Holyroyd and Dewhurst, half backs ; Chambers, France, Knight, Littlewoon, Naylor, Hurst, Walker, and Sutcliffe, for- wards. Referee, Mr. Crompton,. Bradford,, Touch judges, Messrs. Critchley (Widnes) and Wightinan (Swinton.) - Sutcliffe kicked off and early on Holroyd initiated a good passing movement for Huddersfleld,but the effort was spoiled by a knock-on.. The Huddersfield forwards had the advantage in the Packs, and heeled out repeat- edly, but the backs made poor use of the openings which presented themselves. The match had not been in pro- gress many minutes, when Harris picked up the ball in the Huddersfield half, and after a magnificent run, which both Wimpenny and Kitchen tried to check, he forced himself over the line and scored a try near the corner flag. Dickenson failed at the goal kick. Larrard got away but was pulled up by Dickenson. Hudders- field were penalised,but fish failed to kick a goal from a somewhat easy place. At half-time Warrington were leading by a try to nil. Early in the second half, Fish intercepted a passing movement between Larrard and Deere, and racing away kicked the ball over the head of Kitchen ; and regain- ing possession scored a meritorious try. Dickenson's goal-kicking again failed: Huddersfield got down to the Warrington end, and a passing movement between Holroyd, Dewhurst, Thomas, and Wimpenny resulted in the last-named player scoring a try at the corner. Sut- cliffe failed at goal. Result: Warrington, two tries (6 points) ; Huddersfield, one try (3 points.)

===== 0002601_19030501_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
SWINTON 'lr. HULL.

Beautiful weather favotred the meeting of the above teams at Swinton. The visitors could not get the ball away, and Lewis snapping a pass from Valentine scored, Evans failing at goal. Half-time :—Swinton, one try; Hull,nothing.—On resuming, it was noticeable that Hampson was lame, and of little use, but Swinton immediately commenced to attack, and in a very short time both Valentine and Wallwork dashed over for the home side, and from one of the tries landed a goat. After this quick scoring,Rhodes dashed away, but the game was quickly transferred to the visitors' half again, and a fine piece of work by WallwOrk ended in the latter scoring a try, Evans landing the goal. Afterwards Hampson and Lewis scored, and in both instances Evans failed. Result :—Swinton, one goal five tries (19 points) ; Hull, nothing. BRIGHOUSE RANGERS v. BRADFORD.

At Brighouse. The home team was at full strength, but there were two alterations on the Bradford side. Result :—Bradford two coals, three tries (13 points); Brighouse two goals (4 points.)

===== 0002601_19030501_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
LEIGH v. OLDHAM.

At Leigh. While the game was even in the first half, Johnson kicking a goal for the home team and Ferguson accomplishing & similar performance for Oldham, Leigh were much too smart afterwards, and tries were scored by Ganley, Johnson, Bennett, and Roberts. Johnson kicked a goal, and the result was—Leigh, two goals, four tries (16 points); Oldham, one goal (2 points).

===== 0002601_19030501_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. WIGAN.

Played at Runcorn before a poor gate, the last match of the season witnessing a decline of interest in the doings of the club. Both played representative teams. Runcorn started against sun and wind, Woods—a fresh hand—being twice responsible for a determined attack on the visitors' line. Later Woods, Price, and Moran nearly got in a pass forward spoiling a splendid chance. A fine kick by Mason found touch in the home 25. Butterworth kicked the ball away but Mason marked in fine style in front of goal, the kick, however, failing. Uninteresting play followed, livened up by a neat sprint by Price, Jones failing to gather on the line. From the scrummage Jolly obtained and handed to Butterworth and Woods. Price completed the movement by scoring at the corner. Farmer failed at goal. Wigan attacked strongly and after scrambling play Isherwood kicked down the field. Price, Wood,and Moran failed to stop the onward rush of the visitin,g forwards. Isherwood at length secured and popped over at the corner, the goal kick failing. Wigan continued to press,and on two occasions had hard lines in falling to pierce the defence. , Jolly cleared. The visitors, however, again got to.work, Isherwood touching- down at the corner but,the point was disallowed on account of off-side play. .•Runcorn were still kept on the defensive, Harrison being applauded for good defensivework. Off- side play gave the visitors a chance, but Duffy failed to steer the ball over the bar. . Half-time, Runcorn, one 'try, Wigan, one try.—The resumption saw. the visitors in the home 25 where Jolly cleared. The attack was resumed, but Harrison. marked and sent the visitors back. Farmer next marked and shot at goal the ball striking the bar. A run by Price set the ball in motion and after scrambling play Wood good over. The ball, however, was brought back. Scrummaging in front of the Wigan line gave Jolly a rare chance which he took,and dropped a lovely goal.—Exchanges left the advantage with the hometown and for some time Runcorn held the. upper hand. Eventually Price and Jones ran the ball up the field where Wood secured and rushed over the line after a tricky sprint. Farmer missed an easy shot at goal. Woods next ran the ball up in gallant fashion forcing the game in the visitors'2s. Final,Runcorn, eight points ; Wigan, thret. points. •

===== 0002601_19030501_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY'S MATCHES.-HALIFAX THE CHAMPIONS.

LEIGH v. HALIFAX.

Played on Monday at Leigh. Molyneux started for Leigh, who sent the ball into • touch near the Halifax quarter. Morley had his kick charged down, but Jones relieved by a kick into touch. A rush by the Halifax forwards was stopped by Pearson, and a kick by Moly- neux removed play to the Halifax quarter. Molyneux tried to drop a goal, but his kick was charged down. After some grand passing between J. Riley and Williams, Wedgwood knocked off Pearson and scored, the same player failing at goal. Leigh attacked after this, but found Little impassible and eventually, a rush of the Halifax forwards removed play to the Leigh half,where Kirk had a kick charged down and Rigg rushed up and transferred to Wedgwood who scored easily, but the same player failed at goal. At the interval Halifax , were -leading by two tries to nothing. In the second 1 half Leigh tried various methods to break through the Halifax defence, but found Little an impenetrable barrier. About two minutes from the close, from a scrummage near the Halifax line, Morley darted away 1 and kicked over the Leigh full back's head. An exciting race ensued, but the ball bounced right for the Halifax players, and after a lot of passing Wedgwood eventually got hold and scored behind the posts and also placed a goal. Leigh made a last effort to score, but were beaten back, and the game ended Halifax one goal and three tries (eleven points) ; Leigh nothing. HULL KINGSTON ROVERS v SALFORD.

Salford finished their list of fixtures with a match on Monday against Hull Kingston Rovers, in which they were badly beaten by no less than sixteen points'. This result gave Halifax' the championship. From the kick-off it was quickly noticed That the Rovers were abetter lot, and the game had scarcely been in progress five minutes, when, from a round ttf passing, West crossedthe Salford line, and scored a try, which Starks improved. Lomas was next conspicuous with a good run, but the Rovers quickly regained the lost ground, and another try was scored by Gordon. At half-time the Rovers led by eight points to nothing. Salford were Completely overplayed in the seccind half, and had another eight points scored against them, the final result being Kingston Rovers, two goats and four tries (16 points) ; Salford, nothing. •

A gruesome spectacle confronted two Accrington con- stables on Wednesday, when they forced a* entrance .into the house in Black Abbey-street. Lying unclothed on the floor was the body of a mechanic named Williath Holt, who had for two years been living alone. The man had evidently been dead for about a week. Oa the tables wale a number of bottles containing whisky. Holt had not been seen by the neighbours for eight or nine days. • •

===== 0002601_19030501_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
The Most Nutritious.

* S'S

Grateful—Comforting.

C C 114 A

Breakfast—Supper.

WYCLIFFE SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY.

This annual event was celebrated on Sunday and was as successful as its predecessors. The attendance at the morning service was not as large as usual on the anniver- sary day, but there were exceptionally large congrega- tions at the afternoon and evening services. The com- munion table was adorned with a choice collection of irises and daffodils. The preacher for the occasion was the Rev. D. Lincoln Jones 8.A., "8.D., A.T.S., of Roby Chapel, Manchester. The Children who were accommo- dated in the galleries sang very sweetly a number of hymns, the infants under the conductor- ship of Mr. Joseph Owen, singing one hymn by themselves, entitled "The Golden Chain.' The choir gave an excellent rendering of the anthem "A day in Thy Courts" (Macfarren). The preacher based his discourse on the text "With what measure ye meet it shall be measured unto you" (Matthew chap. 7, ver. 2). That was Christ's way, he said, of enunciating a great truth. There was a law of recompense running through life, a law which none of us could possibly escape from and it worked out its end with inevitable regularity. from, was one of the things we could reckon on in life. He proceeded to show that human conduct I met with its own return, and that the world we live in was the projection of our own hearts. We made our own world, and the world gave back to us just what we gave to it. The importance of cultivating a right spirit was dwelt upon and the preacher showed how the law of recompense operated,regarding our relationship with God. He pointed out that God did not give his best gifts promiscuously; there were conditions attached to His best gifts. He gave them on condition that we gave something to Him. Our whole life would be transfigured if weimade this exchange.—ln the afternoon there was a combined meeting of Sunday scholars and members of the P.S.A. Society, and the church I was completely filled. The scholars attending Wycliffe I Cockhedge Mission were also present. The choir gallery was filled with the members of the Sunday school choir who greatly added to the effectiveness of the singing. Mr. William Brown, one of the secretaries, conducted and Mr. T. F. Wallington, the school organist, presided at the organ. Mr. George Wallington, superintendent of the school, presided and briefly addresitod the large congregation. Mr. William Beswick offered prayer and Mr. George Brown read the scripture lessons. The children acquitted themselves creditably in their ser- vice of song, the singing of the choral march "Warriors of the Lord" being specially well given. Miss Alice Griffiths very sweetly sang the solo "Come unto Me." Mrs. Hampson, of Warrington, delivered an address in which she referred to the importance of home influence in the training of children. Parents who early taught their children Christian principles had a sure reward.—At the evening service, the preacher based his discourse on the words 'For what is a man profited if he gain the whole world and lose or forfeit his own self.' (Luke 9, 25 ver). That question, he said, stated the issue that concerned every- I one of us in a manner which was calculated to startle and arouse the most careless. He proceeded to show that every human being was a compound of two distinct elements, and pointed out that they must draw the dis- tinction between what a man has with all his attain- ments and accomplishments as .opposed to what a man is. In addressing himself to the question of what was one's own self, he said that Christ had answered it by stating that one's own self was one's own soul. The soul was that which came from God and which linked us to God. The soul was conscience, and love and the sense of the eternity. It was that in us which lifted us above the animal and differentiated us from the brute. In a very able and thoughtful way the preacher showed that it was possible forthe soul to be lost and forfeited,and it often happened that men lost their own souls through gaining the world He illustrated his _point by referring to the Hiles of Esau, Lot and the Israelites. No temporal power, he contended, however, great could compensate for the loss of one's self. The world was a miserable bauble compared with the soul.—The choir sang the anthem "Sing 0 Heavens" (Sullivan) in an effective manner, the solo part being taken by Mr. A. Griifiths. Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus Bac presided at the organ at the morn- ing and evening services. Collections were taken,on behalf of the school funds and realised £42 is. 9d. slightly less than last year.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
TIRED OF LIFE. A Warrington Woman's Suicide.

Having told her sister that she was tired of life, Alice Gore, of no fixed abode, committed suicide by jumping into the Mersey at Warrington on Monday afternoon. The circumstances surrounding her death were detailed at the inquest which was conducted at the Police Station by Mr. S. Brighouse,County Coroner,on Tuesday evening. Mary Emmett, of no fixed abode, said the deceased was her sister, and was 38 years of age. She was the widow of John Gore, a collier. On Sunday she and her sister walked from Chester to Warrington, and stayed the night at Mrs. Davies's common lodging-house in Friar's-green. On Monday morning they wen,t out and had several drinks. At three o'clock in the lifternoon they went up Wilderspool-road and met a man named David Salt, who bought a pint of beer from a public- house close by.. They then proceeded along Chester-road where they drunk the beer. Witness and Salt then walked on in; front, leaving deceased behind. As deceased did not follow witness went back to her. Deceased said "I am tired of my lifeand I am going to drown myself." She then got over the railings, threw off her jacket and hat, and jumped into the river. Salt jumped in after her, but was seized with cramp and had to come out. Deceased had threatened to take away her life on Saturday. _

David Salt, living in Ship-yard, corroborated, and said he was only about a yard from the deceased when he was seized with cramp. William Warburton, cab driver, said he was driving his horse and cab along Chester-road, and saw deceased jump into the river. Salt had only waded in the water up to his hips when he'said he had got cramp. Deceased and her companions were under the influence of drink. James Knight, engine cleaner, New-road, spoke to recovering the body. Four constables rased artificial respiration, but without success.

tmmett ;'as recalled and stated that since the death of her husband three of deceased's children had died. A verdict of" Suicide whilst of unsound mind " was returned.

At Bow-street Police Court,iLondon, on Wedn.esd ay, Henry Fennimore George, a private detective of Fl ix- ton, Manchester,was formally committed for trial upon charges of perjury alleged to have been committed by him in the divorce suit of Worsley v. Worsley, known as the" Uncle Joe " case. 'Bail was allowed in two sureties of £3OO each.

An alarming fire broke out on Tuesday night on the premises of the International Salt Company; Chicago. The outbreak severely taxed the resources of the brigade, and despite all their efforts they could not save the vast storehouses. The entire plant was destroyed, together with 400,000 tons of salt and • three boats that were lying alongside the wharf. The loss is estimated at 1,250.000 dols.—" Central News." The calender for the forthcoming Liverpool Spring Assizes, which opens at St. George's Hall on Tuesday next, is of a rather grave character. Thirty prisoners, are, up to date, concerned in 23 cases, and the calendar contains four charges of murder, two from Liv rpool, One from Bury, and one from Southport.

The Health an 4 Vigor of an individual depends on tbe quantity and quality of the Blood. When the tissues have been at work there are thrown into the blood waste products and if these be not eliminated but (through any eases de- tained in the blood) they influence nutrition and funcsiea and finally produce organic disease." "Humanitarian." In cases of Scrafula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases. Pimples and Sores of all kin is, the effects of Clarke's Blood Mixture are marvellous. Thousands of wonderful cures have bten effected by it, Clarke's Blood Mixture sold everywhere, at 26 9d per bottle. Beware o worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advt. (5). CLARKE'S B 41 PILLb are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs. Gravel and Paine in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out-the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties DrugOompany

LORILINE I—To ti •THE TEETH AND BREATH.- - Thororighy cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevtuts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price s. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Florilint "Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.— A dst . . .

VALUABLE Die cOvEBY FOB THE -cIAIR,—h your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the DdiggiciN HAIR RENEWER, for it will positively restore, in @very case, grey or white hair to Its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as wea as promoting the giowth. Price 3s 8d rer bottle.— d vt• To AtentEßl4.—Blre. Wins low's Soothing' Syrup has been used for over fifty years bY millions of mothers for their Aildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the reorsufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural csrfet sleep, oy relieving the child from pain and the littit Lberub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all Chemists Is ltd per bottle. -Advt.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-MORROW MAY BE

TOO LATE

To try Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Get a box to-night. A Positive Cure for Backache, Lumbago, Sciatica, Gout, Dropsy. Gravel, &a. Money returned if not satisfied, is. 14d. all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps from Hodlreyd's MedicaH all, Cleckheaton, Yorks.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
CUTICURA PILLS

For CoolillE Eni Clensix tlio Blood nil SIMI

In Cases of Itching, Burning, Scaly Humours,

And for Renovating and En- riching the Bloods

The Best and Most Economical

Yet Compounded.

Cuticura Resolvent Pills (chocolate coated) are the product of twenty-five years' practical laboratory experience in the preparation of remedies for the treatment of humours of the skin, scalp and blood, with loss of hair, and are confidently believed to be superior to all other alteratives as well as liquid blood purifiers, however expensive, while enabling all to enjoy the curative properties of precious medicinal agents without consuming needless, expensive and often injurious portions of alcohol in which such medicines have hereto- fore been preserved. Cuticura Pills are alterative, antisep- tic, tonic and digestive, and beyond question the purest, sweetest, most suc- cessful and economical blood and skin purifiers, humour cures and tonic-diges-. tives yet compounded. Medium adult dose, one pill. Complete external and internal treat- ment for every humour may now be had for 4s. 9d., consisting of Cuti- cura Soap, to cleanse the skin, Cuticura Ointment, to heal the skin, and Cuti- cura Resolvent Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood. A single set, costing but 4s. 9d., is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, disfiguring skin, scalp and blood humours, eczemas, rashes, itchings and irritations, with loss of hair, from infancy to age, when phy- sicians and all other remedies fail.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR 35 'YEARS

HAS

. CURED d. p.c:free sample Hayman, 15c, Albemarle St. E.C. C 0 U CURE & COLD

MULINVII COMPOUND PENNYROYAL a STEEL ; PILLS FOR FEMALE IRREGULARITIES. &a., Ire the lest and always agective; in boxes la. lid. and 25. 9(I, • best 4a. 9d. Pont fres- HUME, CHEMIST, NOTTINGHAM. EstabZithad 18601

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the Royal Laundries. Shouli be used in every house. o.ice tried, always wanted, MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW, greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish tostarehedLinen.Laces etc It does not stick to mider-web-Ilke materials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id.. 3d.. and 6d.. each. PREPARED ONLY BY

r. e7ll-27-IT-Elr. Chemist. tnaelfBURAT. 7, Whitecross Street, London. B.C.

BUY ONLY LONDON WATCHES.

London WATCHES • Guaranteed for Accuracy, Durability, and Strength. The "BANK" and "LUDGATE " are the Best Value made, and Excel all others at the price. In Silver Cases. In 18-et, Gold Cases. BE Ns* Ws

: IJAYMAN'S 1 11 BALSAM -

' 111 Ato The

===== 0002601_19030501_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
KEYLESS ENGLISH LEVER

"B A N "

vys, BENStI p CW

TH E STEAM FACTORY-

PARTICULARS OF " rUE TiAll;;" cil7.;TEll POST

eautiful Flgure . d Improved Health

is ensured to wearers of this perfect Corset. latest model of a fashionable expert, anatc.m" constructed to giye strong support' ment to the ure. Ladies who 11F mode corset say it is far and away tm MAnu• facture&

Beautiful in Construction. Unrivalled in Stye. in accordant:a with physiological principles, give no undue pressure, hut yield to the ,f the body, and the side supports are 11NRRICAKARI.S. Modelled in different shapes to suit of figures, they yield a most graceful and rounded appearance. Prices, 3/114 to 10/6. te from the principal Drapers and Ladies' Outfitters, but if any difficulty in procuring, write arm of nearest Agent. Insist on having the J. B. S ide-Sp-mo Corset—The Best. lORTANT.—The wear of every J. B. Corset Is absolutely guaranteed by the— Sole Manufacturer J. S. BUIS, Croat Anooats Street, Manchester.

BEST LONDON MADE. Three-Quarter Plate ENGLISP LEVER Chronometer Balance, fully Jewelled, Keyless Action, Crystal Glass Cases, in Sterling Silver, .£5, or in strong 18-ct. Gold Cases, £l5.

SELECTIONS OF WATCHES OR JEWELLERY SENT FREE ON RECEIPT OF REFERENCE.

OLD WATCHES AND JEWELIERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. WATCHES and JEWELLERY of all kinds sent Free at cur risk, to all parts of the World for Cash or P. 0.0., payable at G.P.O.

BENSON'S BOOK of WATCHES from £2 to £5OO. CLOCKS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, " IMPERIAL " & SILVER PLATE, & CUTLERY. Post free, BENSON'S =.'r • "LUDGATE" Or CM -MST, CHEAPEST. and STRONGEST. London madt: k. .1) THREE-QUARTER PLATE English Lever Watch. Thirteen Jewels, Chronometer Balance, Patent Lar.rre Bart.-. and Damp and Dust Proof Ring Band, Massive Silver Cases with unbreakable crystal Glass, double the Strength and Value of any other £5 ss. Watch. Made in Three Sizes at one Price, £5 55.:--No. 1, Gentlernewq (as illustrated); No. 2; Working Men, Railway Men and Miners ; No 3. Ladies'. In massive 18-ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass £I2 I2s, Ladies', £lO lOs. Silver English Levers, London Made, from £3. IC3

Gentlzmen

02 & 04, LUHATE HUI, IGE.DiriNi

*alb %.• PL,TIENT C 444' 7:11‘ SIDE-SPEM • IN -

c and it. Lae this new m ben ey,s

A. The el

===== 0002601_19030501_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030501_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
. 15 OP -

f(6,o\ .. ,3 Nl/4,,,::::, ~,,f, 1 • ..",,,, f ...., e...°C•ur-,.., N'. ' rliti,:' J./ I.l\ its \ ' '‘''''' fi.,''il • , ' \ •.j. 1 ' /ll= '• ; • ',7, , I,', \4, :11. 'ti' •- • - , l , Li ' ' ' 1 EDISON'S • % .P. , BOOK ''.4',..•L....,' POST FREE In Silver Cases. " , ;,- ~ .„, . 154 4,- . , . .. , , ~,A, , s q. sll.l*/ 7 Fine Gold ' - idi.4* '4 Chains, `•,, ' -;-`._ :$;,141,' 4\ , Hall •,, •----.1-,- Marked, from £3 NOTE.-011DER FORM AN ~• AB' an . .......,. 1 . k " %,,u,--,•:,,,v a El so, \ . ; Constructed i m ) , . . ovettllelytspeosf vuio ' A Obtainabl, for name , s IMP" • ~

===== 0002601_19030501_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Is wonderful water prooter for BOOTS & HARNESS. Sof- Da esv tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow pc'ish- lag with blacking. GOLD MEDAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGH EST 0 hie AWARDS. Tins 2d.. 6d., r'. 61.2'6 of Root tiliwort Makers, Saddzers, fronmoneers 67. c. Mann/actors East Duk-vsch. London.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
sagimlG;;;Ki-ctaiQ

lEIPROVED INJECTION SYRINGW—A. Speciality for Farmers and Vets. This Syringe, with Detachable Nozzle, should be on every farm, as it is useful for ordinary injections into the vagina, for the prevention o Abortion in Cows. Usetial also for Horses, Cattle and len& Pigs. Price 38 6d; postage 4d extra. Sturdy Instruments, 10s 9d, 11.94, 14s 9d per set. Bull Nose Cutters, 51 3. 'post tree. Cash with order,from JOHN S MoFFlT,Cattle Market,Hexham

===== 0002601_19030501_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19030501_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19030501_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Ely! "Oramtner gimes

Tll. WARRINGTON AND MID-CHRSHIB.R Eximixes." published every Satanic- morning.

T" " EAELESTOW A. N ND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. T" " ST. HELENS ExAsirmmt," published every Friday afternoon.

T" " RUNCORN EXA.MINER," published, every Friday afternoon. T" " WIDNES EXAMICE3I," published every Friday afternoon.

PR EP AI D ADVERTISEMENT A.RTALENTS WANTED HOUSES:WANTED PARTMENTS To LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD BTICLES LOOT STICLES FOUND One

MISCELLANSoIIS WANTS MISCZLL tv sous Simzs Three Six Weeks. Weeks. • is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. • is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 3s. id. ss. Od. • 31. Bd. ... 6s. Od.

Words. Week. 18 27 36 45 64

DomeOtt gotrbant4. ett

WANTBD Respectable GBNBRAL —Apply to Mrs ALM Railway Hotel. Parbotd.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD SITUATIONS 'meting for maids ; no charge.— MISS THOMAS. 24, Wilbraham rd., Ohorlton,Manchester.

WANTBD GOOD COOK-GBNBRAL where housemaid is kept.—Bltrs SMITE. Annestyle, Ashley road, Bowdon.

MTANTBD COOK GBNBRAL• Comfortable home. Wages MT.-Apply "BaamcmioE"Clarendon rd. Sale.

WANrBD. General SBRVANT for small finilly ; Protestant; washlng.—Mrs. WALSH, 67 Belgrave road. Darwen,

WANTBD, a young GHNBR U., age 16. good home for suitable gifl.—Apply 139, CHORLTON ROAD, Brooke's Bar, Manchester.

SBEVANTS HOME and FREE REGISTRY. 52 Grosvenor street, MI Saints, Manchester, terms is, per week.— Address MATRON.

WANTED. GENERAL, four its family ; mother's help kept; good character; £l3.—Mrs. HANBON, Milton terrace, Fleetwood.;

WANTRD a good plain COOK, small family, no wash- ing, wages £lB to £2O. —Apply HISS HUDSON. 19 Iriam street, Warrington.

‘ir A NTRD GBNBBAL, with good reference, age 20 to 25. Protestant—Apply to Mrs. G. Pairscorr, Brighouse Farm. Latham, Ormskirk.

WANTED GENERAL SERVA.NT, with good.character 20 or 22: comfortable borne: good wages. STERN- DALE. Heston Moor, Stockport.

WANTED GENERAL SERVANT, family two; no chil- dren ; little washing; good wages. —Apply Mae. M. 136 Stretford road, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
WARUM GOOD COOK. Wages £3O-235 ; also waitress or experienced housemaid-waitress, £lB-220.-443, Raw CHESTER ROAD. Rock Ferry.

WANTBD a thoroughly good COOK, small family, no kitobentnaid. wages &U.—Apply Miss HUDSON, 19 Irlam street, Warrington.

WANTED at Once, GENERAL. must be Experienced ; good home for suitable girl.—Mrs. PREctiovs, 40, Russian Drive, Btoneyeroft; Liverpoll.

WANTED 000 K-GENERAL (thoroughly experienced- for one lady : wages £lB-2O; good references re quired.—KrsowsLEy VILLA. Rochdale.

ANTED, HOUSBMAID-WAITHBSS and KITCHEN- VTWAID; good home; liberal wages.—Mrs. ALCOCIC. Swan Hotel, Bucklow Hill. Knutsford.

vAr ANTBD GOOD GRPIHR&L ; Protestant. able to do plain cooking. Refereeces.—Apply Mrs. GLovim, Rookwood. 32. St. Helens Road, Ormskirk. .

WANTBD GIINBRAL. aue 17 to 21, comfortable home; no children.—Apply 11, DicasTalsz ROAD, *Claremont Estate. Bolton road. Pendleton, Manchester.

ANTRD.—SituAtion as Coot, with or without Kitchen- maid. Bxcellent references. Goo.l Dlanager.—C„ 1, Cheltenham Crescent Cheltenham road. Bristol.

A LL CL&SSICS OF SIIRVANTS ready from country or 11 town,public and private.—Oall or write Miss HARRisoN's only offile). R. Oldham street. Manchester. Betel). 1862.

EXPERIENCED Male end Female NURSES st a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURAEB 'waxen- TIM, 70. Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address' Nurses."

===== 0002601_19030501_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
NVANTED, MINIMAL SERVANT for small family (four adults) ; no washing; good references required; wages £lE—Apply GIBBON. Oak Dens, Irlams-e-th'- eight. Manchester.

WANTED a Superior General SBRVANT for family of two, or clean well brought up girl to train, a very comfortable home, light duties, age 20 to 92, reference, no regietry.-s,Wanwicg no to,Chorlton-cum-Hardy ;Manchester.

(-WOKS WANTRD £2O to EN, Housemaid Waitresses £lB to £22, Generals £lB to £2O. Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with Any other office.—Write to HABaisotes, 6. Oldham street, Manchester.

LL OLASSISS OF SITUATIONS, private and public good homes. excellent wages ; Waxes in town. eountry and aeaside.—Write to HARRISmes OLDHST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6, Oldham street. Manoh.ster.

VVARUM FORTY GOOD t3B,IVANTS for Hotels,Board- ing and private Houses for Blackpool and district. good wages; enclose stamp.— !Art PRESTriN'S REGISTRY. 44 Charles-street. Blackpool. Telephone 0337.

W ANTBD COOK-GENERAL, at once, for country; T v aged 25-30 ; four in family : housemaid and coach- man kept ; woman in to wash ; must he good ironer.—lirs Cox, Fernilee Hall. Whaley Bridge, Stockport.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Mnterl.

WEFKLY AND COMMISSION, Canvassers wanted. —Apply 86 ROBIN HooD'S CHASE, Nottingham.

Al AHMED LADIES,CORIIBSPONDSNT.—Sendstampect In &ache's for partioulars 'to Mrs. B. WILSON. Hider- grove, Sheffield.

'IVOR SALE. Cook Shop, doing fair trade.—Apply 16, GRIMSHAW-STREET, Burnley.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
01.14 SKINS WANTED. any culantity, best price ..)fl given, cl.sh per return post.—GRUNTRA.Nf, Waterloo Cafe, Bridlinwton.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
It OLT? SKINS WANTRD, in any qnantitv, good In price giyan, cask by return.—Joirt LEE AND SON, Furriers, Grantham

===== 0002601_19030501_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
MOLRSKINS WA.NTED, any quantity, best price given cash per return post.—apply J. T. GRANTHAM, Water- loo Cafe, Bridlington.

WANTRD. Old. Worn-out HORBI3B Old Wheels,Springs, Axles, Old Rubber; say where seen-8, Li.w.rox. ESTRFFT. avail,' row, Manchester.

OLBSKINS Wanted. best price gIven.—LEVEY IL Co., LY Wholesale Manufacturing Furriers. 17 Sun Street, Finsbury, London. All other kinds of other skins bought.

A RT.- WANTED. LADIES and G/INTLEMEN to colour fit fine art prints. post caw 11, at home, easily acquired.— Particulars address HIARC. 6 Gt Jansee-street, Loudon, W.O

ll_ X )I,ti SKINS WANTED, best price given.—LfcvEY AND in_ wholesale Manufacturing Furriers, 17 Sun street, Finsbury. T ondon. AU other kinds of other skins also bought.

TT OMR WORK by the quickest and latest improved JI L Harrison Knitting 14anhines. Fill/hest wazee earned. lists from HARRISON MACHINE CO., LTD., 43, Upper Brook- greet, Manc'ester.

A GENTS WANTRD to eell the Davis patent Skirt and Trongers harmer creaser and stretcher combined. hold. four gamy- e. Sample prepaid h. Send for Circular,—DA.vis Co., 28. Se, monr Street, Liverpool.

kNITARY lINSPROTOR'iHIP. Salaries £looto £353 k. 71 several hundred vacanci es annually ; postal course; oommenciov for Liverpool Rxam., experience unnecessary Fee 2in. MusiEss. Science Teacher. Sunderland.

MI I,K.- Wanted, One or Two Dairies, 25 to 40 gallons d.ilr ; els(' regular supplies of Fresh Tigizs ; prompt payments ; ,end price and quantity. &c.--SonTir DMILEY DAIRY Co. 1"9, Chapman street, Gorton. Mannhester.

T WILE, 'UK H ladies and gentlemen of average intetil- genre a p-ofession that holds first rank, one at which money can always be earned, even in odd moments. It Is easily learnt. and I will teach you thoroughly. so that you can earn a living at it for £5. no oter expense.—Address for full particulars VIGOUR, News Corporation, 47 Fleet treet. London,TS.C.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
aco be 'et.

PENKETH.—Cottaces Se Oct, 33. 94. and 2s. 84. per week BANK STRRET OFFICE. £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 27 CATHERWE STREET. 49. 34., per week. 16 WELLINGTON STREET. se. per week. 17 PIERPOTNT STREET. 4e. Oct., per week. 15 DIAL kTRERT SHOP. 51., ner week.. 19 GEE STREET, 3a. 6d. per week. 12 CLARE'S BUILDINGS, 41. Od., per week. Apply Honaarr Lowe. Estate Agent,No. I Bank-stroet War. rlngton. T.‘lephone—No 65.

"WACKY. ,OL.—TO LET. Company house. three minutes .Ifi from station : sta.—Apply, 63, CoRONATION STREET.

SCHOP and DWELLING with workroom, snit milliner,&c.. in Bewsey street. adjoining tailor, grocer, hosiery. hardware, ecc.—Apply SICELLAND,63ft. Bewsey it Warrington.

TO BR LAT OR SOLD.—PRNKRTH.near WARRINGTON I —The otd Penkpth CABINST WO K. with t heal and ether buildings, suitable for manufacturing purposes.—Apply Mr. ROCKET Lowe, I. Bauir-street, Warrington.

PatilißTH.--Semi-detached Residence. " Bast Bank. Hall Nook, renketh ; 3 entertaining rooms. bath, etc.. Large garden, rent £4o.—Apply. Ntr R Lowx, Rotate Agent, 1, Bank street, Warrington. Telephone No. 55.

qOLT. 8T.11.11L8 and 00&0111101188, with lofts ova I large yardiattaohed et Tanners Laue.—&&y WOODS it Solleiters, Herseinarketatree Warrington. TAM

COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME;

Is. 11D. 2s. 9D., 4s. 6D., THE PRICES.

FOR EVERI GARDEN.

GARDEN PEAS.

SOW NOW

No Culinary Vegetable has been so much improved in recent years in quality, produce, and strong, sturdy dwarf habit, in much needed in this district, where Pea Stakes are so scarce. The following are all sorts of great merit which we'can'eommAnd for general culture (hand-picked English Seeds of the best quality), viz. :—Chelsea Gem, lift. ; English Wonder. lift. ; Dwarf Telephone, 2ft. ; William Hurst, lift. ; The Sherwood, lit. ; Daisy, 21t. ; Juno, 2ft. 6 Pints:arranged to erop) in succession, our selection, for 4/6.

. • _ GA DEN BRANS (remarkable for _ delicate flavour and great _ _

crop).—Nonparie I Green Longpod. and Improved diem Winthor ; much superior to the old white sorts. LETTUCB.—Satisfaction Cabbage, and Lancashire Giant Cos. Finest quality, large, and remain long fit for use. WIRT. Carrots, Onions, Parsley, Radishes, Lc, all In the most perfect varieties.

Full information in our plain and Practical List post free, from.

KER & SONS' CENTRAL SEED WAREHOUSE, BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TELEPHONE 666, CENTRAL.

FOUND DEAD.

ANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers

ikj wt.ll. "After one dressing I found 135 dead next morn- Ing."—J. BLIBN, Helathorpe, Leighton. "1 killed 290 rats with Swford's Poison."—O. Cooir, Farmer. Ellesmere. "I destroyed 145 rats with it."—Cl. WILMN. Offord.—lgend Is 2d to SANFORD & SONS, Bandy St,Beds. Sold by Chemists.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
1/0015, ilparoO, Boaaling efitabo

===== 0002601_19030501_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
s)l)artEs.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
DOCKET ELECTRIC LAMPS, wholesale and retail,sample _L 2s 3d.--1-IOLDEN and Co.. A. New Malden.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
aID. GOODS.-12 doz. Leading Lines, 485.—BA.zian U 2 SUPPLY. 7 toll, The Green. Belgrave, Leicester.

PA.TCHWORIC SlbKi. good sizes and colours 130,9 i ;200 Is 3d.—NICOL HAMILTON Strathaven, Lanarkshire.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
ATIOLHTS. Czar, Princess of Wales, 2s ed hundrel, free.— V PRESTON FRUIT AND FLOWER CO, Paignton, Devon.

i'IItICKBT BAT, cost 18s 6d. new,unused,patent handle 9s; Vi no cards.—GREEHALGHt 1 Beechwood avenue, Pontefract

===== 0002601_19030501_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
C/ISH Prize busy Competition for the Juniors. Particulars free from "Shirrs's CiscuLan."Boscombe,Bournemouth.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
HAIHDRHSSIiftS SHOuLD USE CuMBHUBIKUH'3 Noted QUERN RAZOR prai Bed by all users and stands unequalled for quality and cheapness (Guaranteed).— Write for price, 27, ROCHDALE ROAD, Blanchester.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
:As),

The Examiner, Friday, May 1, 1903.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACK Leghorn EGGS, from selected winter layers,2s 6d 1./sitting.- WATERS, ltose Cottage,Bolton-le-Sande,Carnforth ,

===== 0002601_19030501_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
UGGS—HIGH CLASS MINOIWAS.—Parr and Knowles 12/ Palace Strain,—Sittings 4s. Untertiles replaced—n. iioDGKINIoN, Citicheth, near Warrington.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
TELEPHONE 355 Y.

PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, PROGRAMMES FOR BAZARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES:OF WORK. ROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. POSTERS OF ALL SIZES JOHN WALKER:AND CO.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0440, Voultrp, etc.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
COME TO SMITH'S, IN MANCHESTER, 34, 88, and 179. OXFORD-ROAD, and 83, PICCADILLY, for PIANOS AND FAIR T R A. T IFç ii AND YOU'uL GIT ROTE. STRAIGHTFORWARD BUSINRSS

makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- macy. even in Piano selling. Plain, clean, honest methods are what the public "tie to," and these you always find here. To be spoken of as a house where everybody is dealt with in absolute fairness —to serve you faithfully—to please you always— these are our ambitions. THERE'S ONES Ofill

PIANO-SMITti IN MANCHESTER. Send to SMITH for CATALOGUE, Post Free. PRICES AND TERMS WILL ASTONISH YOU. PIANOS from 10s. 6d. MONTHLY ORGANS ~ ss. Oct. TILL PAID FOR. f Every Instrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to any part of England or Wales. Return Railway Fare allowed to country customers. Old Instruments taken in exchange YOUR MONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY, TIMES MAY BE BAD, but this is no reason why you should buy rubbish; I have been here 20 years, and My goods are well known for 50 miles round, and my Showrooms are full of goods at all prices. Go In for a good article, and you will always be satisfied ; and If ever you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very small sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. SMITH, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AND 33. PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. FIRST-CLASS TUNERS SENT TO ALL PARTS. BRANCHES AT LEIGH : 35. Railway-road, ST. HELENS: 99. Corporation-street.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A • •

MILIONET

===== 0002601_19030501_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW FREINUMEHMEDY. THERA PION This popular and higbl ployed in the Continental hospitals Raieor rrcr Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, blotches, pains and swel- ings of the joints N kidney, bladder, and urinary disease- stricture, discharges, piles, gravel, Pains in the bask rheu- matism. gout, sleeplessness, nervous alio physical exhaus- tin... etc. Theraplon is prepared in three diffdrent form Nos. 1,2, and 3 *wording to diseases for which intended Full particulars send stamped :addressed envelope for pamphlet to HE. R. JOHNSON' Ho 1,70 RD-SQUARE. LOIDOi

===== 0002601_19030501_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
littlassthrb

===== 0002601_19030501_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE large majority THE GOVERNMENT'S in favour of gr. BID FOR THE BUTCHER'S Pub 1 i" PUBLICANS' VOTE. cans' Compensation

Bill may justly b 0 regarded as another electioneering incident. IV action of the Conservstive majority follows pre- cisely on the lines laid down by the LORD CHAW- CELLOR by Mr. BALFOUR and by Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN in recent speeches and letters. The party and its leaders are firmly agreed that what has been called "the rot cannot be stopped until confidence is restored t) the minds of all manuer of persons who are interested in the trade in intoxicating liquors. The second reading of Mr. BUTCHER'S Bill, which was supported by the PRIME MINISTER, the COLONIAL SECRETARY and Mr. LONG, will, there can be little doubt, achieve that object. The measure has gone triumph- antly through what will prove to be its final stage. lt will not be heard of again this - session ; but a majority of two to one for the second reading, under the pressure of strong Government support, will be accepted by the public-house interest as a sufficient pledge that the party does not intend to be unfaithful to the trade interests of the most powerful section of its supporters. The Unionist party will never desert Mrs. MicalvnErt. The Bill of the member for York is a measure to prevent justices from do- ing what they have always been entitled to-d--o. They are at present engaged to some extent, and with variations in each borough and county, in carrying out the recommendations of a Ro-yal Commission. Tha majority of that Commission— not only the minority—declared that it regards the suppr3ssion of a large number of licenses as not only necessary, but essential. Essential for what? Essential for the public good. The whole system of licensing is based on the legal presumption that the trade in intoxicating liquors is a dangerous trade. The majority of the Royal Commission presumes that the danger becomes greater where there is an ex- cessive number of licensed houses in proportion to population. But this is not a presumption only. It would be borne out by any map which showed in what districts most *rime existed, and especially in what districts there are most crimes of violence. The refusal to renew licences where they are desionstrably !injurious to the public welfare is one of the most clearly-established rights of:the magistracy, whose primary function is the preservation of the peace. That a publican has not been convicted, or that objection cannot be brought against his methods of management, is an argument to which every bench of magistrates will give reasonable attention. But there can be no excuse for the continuance of licenses when they have ceased to be necessary to the conveni- ence or the comfort of the public. This is the position of the licensing justices as we tinders tand it, and as they only grant licenses for the year they are fully justified in withdrawing them when the year for which they were granted has come to an end. It must be admitted that amon g Englishmen there is a feeling that when a man has built up a business he should be compensated when for public reasons he is compelled to abandon it. The needs of justice in this matter are pro- bably met in Lord PEEL.S report. To raise a com- pensation fund from "the trade itself—certain licensed houses profiting by the suppression o others—must seem reasonable,even from the point of view of those who hold that no license should be extinguished without compensation. To give notice over a certain number of years that certain houses will be withdrawn at the end of that term is surely as much as can be expect ed from the justices representing the public interest. Any other manner of proceeding would create * permanent rested interest and enormously encou

===== 0002601_19030501_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
2golt that gambling in public-house property which has a late years become a public scandal. Neither the views expressed by members of the Government nor the proposals made by Mr. BUTCHER'S measure Proceed en these moderate but just lines. Mr. Butcher's Bill proposes to make the publican con; tribute to the suppression of licenses, but it con- tains provisions which would evidently result in laling the whole burden of responsibility on the tallPaYer. Among those who voted for the measure there must have been many who were fully cognis- nut of its evil features, but they knew that it Would not pass. They were intent on electioneer- ing demonstration. They wished to make it ap- Pear to the publican than CODLIN is his friend, 4/4 SHORT. As Mr. ASQUITH insisted, they mixed tile issues. The former HOME SECRETARY declared that the Hoase was. not in fact called upon to 'tote on the question of compensation, but on the Itilleiple of Mr. BUTCHER'S Bill, which is bad, and 'that exactly expresses the truth. The Govern- teent of false- pretences has won another victory 'O n another false pretence.

"Itis of no use having an Empire without an iruPenal race." The observation of Lord Rosebery the new number (Atha Nineteenth Century serves % text for a warning ai to the deterioration of t!r oattonal physique. The writer brings out very 114111 the difference in the health and stamina of Ap,"tarih and German soldiers as shown by the reports for the year before the South Afri- -80111,,we.r. The admissions to hospital of British .4,,lisrti represented a ratio of 827 7 per 1,000, as ,;114,, t 689 Germans; the pexceutage of con- -46-Z4Y non-effe3tive through sickness was oth"° in our own case, against 10.6 in Vie A„„mer • the British death-rate was 9.05 per : against 2.4 of Germans. There cannot, Of course, be any fair parallel between a conscript till a volunteer army. Tne Germans can pick men from the nation as whole, and need ic4 hesitate to exercise sharp scrutiny as to fit- . 4348. But the facts carry their own plain hint iminst any further deterioration of our troops, " against the boasting that goes on as to the ral,ity of cur men. The choice is not so good. ctn', the matter is not cleared up by that explana- 4, of the difference in the armies. There are A'uor evidences of decline in our nation. Tme :4eath-rete of infants under one year old has .creased from 149 per 1,000 in the period 1871.-80 „7 163 per 1,000 in 1900; there has been an „„crease* of deaths owing to congenital defects of -`"-Iu per cent. in thirty years; and the deaths from Premature childbirth have increased by 300 per Cent in the last fifty years. This retrogression occurs in face of the advance in sanitary science, hygiene, and therapeutic medicine. The Germans arid French are obviously improving in physique, As a comparison of their army returns one decade Fith another clearly demonstrates. The weaken- of our own race is due to the rush to the ;Twos. It really looks as if Mr. Cadbury and his ar de n City friends were the true Imperialists in disguise.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. SAM WOODS AND THE NEWTON

DIVISION.

. .

===== 0002601_19030501_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Organisation meeting at Newton.

public meeting for organisation purposes in con- Ni°" with the candidature of Mr. Sam Woods for the Division was held in the Town Hall, Newton- vv.illows, on Wednesday evening. Mr. W. Spenan 148,11)1 the chair and was supported by Mr. Henry Twist • k; c'rne) ; Mr. Jesse Butler (Manchester); Mr. Joseph Ncri-'4Oll (Wigan) and Nil.. J. German (Newton). There N, lair attendance. N't'V 1,-18 °Penill' remarks, the Chairman said he was Alr-IFeaged to hear of the recovery to good health of bis ,c„,°,l2lds and hoped he would soon be able to take up rttts• in":" in the constituency. They were preparing the general election, and the work of organisa- -4 fej 4tkoe''beet work one could be engaged in. They 'rneetis„" that they had justice in their cause. At the iservatp ileld on Saturday under the auspices of Con- -11-,:"sta, Lord Newton said thatthe only party that .sati„7°l;ressed was the Labour Party. This was very late-c%ftetory coming from such a source. During the *ll South African War the price of coal had gone up ,oroiousiy and as a result of this the coal owners had '44 de over 70 million pounds extra profit out of the , "Illation of this country. v2tr. Jesse Butler, of kanchester, remarked that he very pleased to learn that Mr. Sam Woods was tiaol'idly regaining his good health and hehopedhe would °ll f be able to resume operations in the constituency. rt. was a party that ought to progress, and that j:1:11111 progress it was the Labour party. They only to display a oneness of purpose, a oneness of .4Grus, and oneness of action and no party would be Lake to show such rapid and satisfactory progress as the torar Party. It was owing to the indifference of the pri.,°:," Party that they did not enjoy better political rioth-e.ges than they did. In this respect they had to learn from the Liberal and Conservative Drivi, • They—the Labonr party—possessed certain kw 'ages which were brought about by labour,_ orga_n Ideas and working men going together. Either the sopp,'ral Party or the Conservative party had had give tti,,t;°rt long enough and it was now the time to give NvaWat'oor a-t;ial. They had many things that "1,1 altering. Let those men who had claimed to be itojorking ram's friend and who had been believed by frienslels of thousands of working men, show their (10 or 1P by allowing labour representatives in some Iroold'u Constituencies to go without opposition. They 'lab,: never, in his opinion, get a fair number of wa:CrpjePresentatives in theH.ouse of Commons in that tat'l7„`ll,a only way to get a good sprinkling of represen- aftelr.lB,ln the Ho-use was for the working man to look 'eaticjia,"lB o.wn interests and attack his cross to labour cliat '-`ttes• They appealed to the working men in this thrlet to sink petty differences and give Mr. Woods ondivided support. There was no one but what laart:,e4 that if the working men would do ?may with a,nal,:uifferences asd go in for labour principles, pure lark;'4lPle, Mr* Sam Woods would be returned by a -1)(8-,1najority They did not get the liberty they now a.llllrsed 'without those who had gone before labouring prib'abouring hard too. They carried with them the halilales of organization and they departed this world to g Made it brighter and better for those who i were the";nle after them. They would be unworthy sires f 'NY sat down and allowed their opportunities to pass. thae,!lsd a sacred duty to their children and to perform ?IN 'S 10 make their lot easier and brighter than their been and if they were to be faithful to the lkitAißkneration they would have to shoulder their res- Nt oTlitY• They would have to work in season and th• - season to scatter these seeds of organization and i fr, eir best to make labour the foremost party n a 'ivountry. .71,,• J. German proposed the following resolution: 'lt• .14,qt this meeting considers that Mr. S. Woods isa ,of ZlhitlYroper person to represent the Newton Division tteeire County of Lancaster in Parliament and pledges atee„.t° support and to endeavour by all legitimate aticr:,to secure his return at the next general election." The :IA that they had heard a whisperthis week that i)at '111"al election would take place in August next the Ipeuever it was he hoped that the working men of 4tral would not be led by party cries but go 4 ght for labour. 4'4i:l:L4llles seconded the resolution and oaid that the a lot ,'`s of the Judges in the Taff Vale case had done 4Cti- Or the labour 'ause whilst Lord Penthyn by his hod done more. tIO-ueurY Twist (Golborne)in supporting the resolu- PoVaid that the appearance of the Budget had been t;s'ed out U.S areason for anearlY election. Referring Budget, the speaker remarked that the Corn Tax abolishod. He would advise them not to be a'ork7 oY this action. They had to consider that the thi4;ng man paid seven-tenths of the taxes and if any- 'the i*„,"l,loi taken off, who was more entitled to it thin :1,111111,-„r",ra. In the Budget they found that the 'lad not been given to the working A• unt at all. The taking off of the Corn Tax A„ count for much if they were to understand that 01kilast next sugar would go up in price. The great Tael3h, of the country told them that labour was too !eel:4 tp do anything in Parliament. If labour was too l'altlic; Was the labourer's own fault, They had seven-' °'• the country's vote. Woolwich and Clitheroe laboulr).l.lt down as spasmodic bursts on the part of the fore,,Hig classes. He (the speaker looked upon them as gad be."'"er of greater victories yet to come. They Nreheen looking through coloured spectacles since they theijr4,bilt they were now going to rouse and throw with the side which woulddo them IrPeol,"°11. They would have to look to labour for in- 7„?stilit-biler• Independence did not, however, mean aimply meant that they must steer clear of r.o ina-VT,g.lements. They had been stuffed out with 'berm." Duns." -2 . There had been Socialism,Toryism, lon•but the " " thev wanted was labour- e only . 18M tAker Dlr. jos esoi . eph Parkinson of Wigan also supported ‘torke4• and remarked that ha had known, and to the ;:th'Alr. Sam Woods for 30 years. Referring tieb marry case, the speaker asked would of things have been tolerated in any other Itooleh if it had been anywhere else, an enquiry q°olted re been ordered and the men at Bethesda a ter like rnen and human beings. The Taff Val eale n have was another case that shouldt o 17.1'4, to to on a.s it did,s simple aet Atitir nsarl r I

they were 50 years ago. If they only got one-half of what they were trying for, they would be satisfied, for ; it would spur them on togreatier efforts another time. t A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the meeting. ,

===== 0002601_19030501_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ter- deal ainir bed

===== 0002601_19030501_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
rity Nil% 0 1 i-

;ion be rbe re

a in Ar. the and

tion lich and meg

lore blic ;hts the has be

)int I be ) a

sars end t ed est • ;6 A

===== 0002601_19030501_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030501_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN TNPER-WORKS COMPETITION.

The ship C.mal Engineers met Messrs. Castner Kellners' team in the semi-final on Monday evening, and after a well-contested and at times exciting game, the latter won by two tries (six points) to nil.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN INSTITUTE DAY SCHOOL

As will be seen from our advertisement columns, a concert will be held in the Drill Hall, on Monday next, in aid o£ the Runcorn Institute Day School Athletic Sports. A high class programme will be submitted. See advt. PRESENTATION TO A POST OFFICE EMPLOYEE.

Miss Green, counter clerk at the Runcorn Post °face, is being removed to Stone, in St Iffordshire, and on Saturday Mr. W. Bennett, the ppstmaiter. on behalf of the staff, presented a handsome writing case and stationery cabinet to the young lady as a token of res- pect and esteem. ANOTHER BLACKLISTER.

•At the Runcorn Police Court, on Tuesday, before Messrs. E. Imison (in the cnair), and S. Taylor, Henry Cooke, Friar-street, was put on the black list and was sent to jail for a month for being drunk in Lowland's- road.—P.C. Wilding proved the case.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
TH,NI PR-OPOSED A gA.LGAM TFON

At the Halton mtepiyers meeting held on Tuesday it was unanimously resolved that the petition of the Run- corn Urban Conncil to the County Council re the absorption of Hilton be unanimously opposed. A letter was read from Mr. Evans on behalf of Sir R. Brooke and Mayor Orred offering assistance to oppose the scheme. Weston, it is understood, will also oppose the petition.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
GENEROSITY OF MR. S. TAYLOR.

At the conclusion of the match in the inter-works competition, when Highfleld vanquished Castner Kellner by two tries to nil in the final, Mr. Taylor announcea when presenting the medals to the victors that nextyear he would give a silver cup to be competed for by the works.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
A BLACKLISTER IN TROUBLE.

Joseph Bushell, an old offender, was summoned at the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday for attempting to pnrchas liquor,he being a convicted habitual drunkard. The case was proved by Amy Warder, licensee of the Nelson Inn, who stated that the prisoner came and asked for a gill of beer on March 27th.—Prisoner was sentto gaol for fourteen days as he could not pay the fine of 10s. and costs.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
RETIREMENT OF Mn. JOFIN MRA.DOWCROFT.

We understand that Mr. John Mea.dowcroft will shortly retire from the position of Runcorn agent of the Bridgewater Department of the Manchester Ship Canal Company. Mr. Meadowcroft has been connected with the Bridgewater undertakings for 45 years, and has held the position of agent under the Ship Canal Company for 25 years. He will retain the secretary- ship of the Upper Alersey Navigation Commissioners, and be succeeded in the agency of the Bridgewater undertaking by Mr. Evans of Duke's Dock, Liverpool.

ASSAI.i.T ON A SCHOOL ATTENDANCE OFFICER:

At the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, Mary Eastup, 15, Taylor's-row, Runcorn, was summoned for assaultinr, George Howard, school attendince officer, on the 22nd s April.—Defendant pleaded not guilty.-111r. F. A. Lake who prosecuted stated that complainant in the exercise of his duty went to the defendant's house to inquire about the absence of her son,when she flew at him as soon as he turned away and struck him violently onthe head.—Evidence was given by Mr. Howard and Mr. J.W. Lightburn, clerk to the Schoollßoard, and the defendant was bound over to keep the peace.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED INFRINGEMENT OF THE LAW.

At the Runcorn 'Petty Sessions on Monday before Messrs. A. R. Norman (in the chair) and W. Timmins, Messrs. T. Rigby and Sons, flour and corn mer Chants, Frodsham, were summoned for running a locomotive on the highway and failing to employ a sullicient number of meu to work it.—Mr. Fletcher, of Northwich, appared for the defendants and' pleaded not guilty. The evidence showed that Sergeant Bennett saw a man named Jones, employed by the defendants,on the Chester road on the 24th March, in charge of a locomotive drawing a light waggon. He was the only person in charge, the weight being 2 tons 18cwt. It did not con- sume its own smoke and blew off steam.—The defence contended that the locomotive satisfied the require- ments of the Locomotive Act of 1896. They were being used all over the country and no complaints had hitherto been made. The engine did • consume its own smoke,being specially constructed to do so.—The bench dismissed the case.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON DIVISION CONSERVATIVE ASSOCIATION.

The annual meeting of this Association was held in the Town Hall Newton-le-Willows on Saturday after- noon. There was a large attendance of delegates from various districts in the divisiOn. Lord Newton presided and was supported by Colonel Pilkington M.P., 'Messrs, C. B. F. Borron, T. J. Gillespie, R. Stone, S. S. Brown, W. Collingwood, Aldermen Francomb, and Sutton, Messrs Mr. W. Holland Owen (hon. secretary), J. Robinson, and W. A. Mawdsley (registration agent). On the motion of Mr. W. Holland Owen, seconded by Mr. R. Stone, the following vote of condolence was passed in silence: "That this the annual meeting of the Newton Division Conservative Association desires to place on record the valuable service rendered by the late William Pilkington,Esq., J.P., D.L., to the Conser- vative party generally,and especially &wing the time he was chairman of the South-West Lancashire,district and latterly as chairman of the St. Helens polling district of the Newton Division, and feel that his death is a great loss to the Conservative and Unionist cause, and sincerely sympathize with the family in their sad bereavement."

Lord Newton delivered a lengthy speec'? dealing with current events,and had to admit that the Unionist party was in a somewhat weaker position than it was 12 months ago. If any party had gained at all in strength it was in his opinion the so-culled Labour party. The Irish Land Bill was a complicated thing and it was difficult to pronounce an opiu- ion off hand. He touched upon the Bagdad Railway question which was one that interested him very much, as he happened to be one of very few per- sons in this country who had travelled on that railway so far as it had been completed. He did not believe that Germany had any serious aims in that part of the world. The aim of the German Government was to develop Germany in Europe and South Africa. Yet it was proposed that we should find the money and Ger- many should retain the management of the railway in their hands for their own purposes. Looking at the whole circumstances of the case he thought we were very well out of the proposed bargain. With regard to the Budget he expressed himself as opposed to the abolition of the corn tax.

Colonel R. Pilkington, M.P., gave a lengthy speech in support of a resolution of confidence in the Govern- ment. The criticism of independent Unionist members with regard to the army, in his opinion, had been most undeserved. He held that Mr. Brodrick was a veryable Secretary for War, who was doing his utmost to remedy the defects of the army system. In spite of all that was said about extravagant expenditure on the army, the percentage of expenditure on the army was higher in 1863 and in 1864, when the army was on a peace footing, than it was now. He balieved that difficulties would vanish when the party got into thorough working order under their new captain, and that at the next general election their majority would be found as great as it was at present. (Applause.) The resolution was adopted, and a vote of confidence in Colonel R. Pilkington was passed.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS„

At Newton-le-Willows on Thursday Edward Harring- ton Te.iding at Derby-street, Earlestown, was fined 10s. and costs for assaulting Owen Cain, of Earlestown.— Thomas Hawkins fine Robert Hewson for stealing twenty-two bottles of beer and one of stout, the pro- perty of William Bate, Bull's Head, Newton-le-Willows, on Saturday night were treated under the First •Offenders' Act.—John Lowe pleaded guilty to stealing ___

'a watch aud chain and 268.6 d., the pperLy of Andreii Clancey, Grafton-street, Earlestown, with whom he lodged, and was sent to gaol for n month.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
;

NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

LB CORRESPOND ENT].

The Earlestown May Queen festival which is put down for the 30th of the present month promises to be more picturesque than any of its predecessors. The committee have this year succeeded in obtaining the patronage of Lord Darby, Lord Newton, Colonel Pilk- ington, M.P., and other notabilities, and if the whole of the gentlemen whose names appear on the poster, show their sympathy in a practical manner, the financial suc- cess of the undertaking is assured. All that is needed to secure the attendance of the general public in large numbers, is fine weather, for upon this the success of all out door affairs of this kind depend.

I wonder when the District Council will be able to see their way to give us water pure and bright. To me it is miraculous some epidemic does not break out, because of the dirty stite of t 4 crystal (?) fluid, it looks more like dirty beef tea than water, and yet they are constantly flushing the pipes to no purpose. Many peop.le seem to think it is polluted by the water from Newton lake, and if the smell is anything to go by, they are not very far wrong. Mr. Clarke promised his con- stituents a pure and plentiful supply of water, and per- haps when he has been able to accustom himself to his surroundings, they will get it.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

Both the local clubs experienced a fall on Saturday and on the home grounds too. Newton succumbed easily to Warrington, and Ea.riestown to St. Helens. Strange to say the day was an ideal one for cricket, and a good number ofapectators turned outat both grounds.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB. Review of the Season's Play.

Now that the oval is all but displaced by the bat and ball it is not inappropriate to briefly review the suc- cesses and failures wnich have fallen to the lot of the wearers of the myrtle green. On the whole,the season has been well up to the average, and there can be no doubt that if Runcorn could have won the coveted smiles of Dame Fortune—as some clubs have the knack of doing—local football enthusiasts would have been occupying a very proud position indeed to-day. The traditions of the club have been well and worthily main- tained and the Linnets have shown the opponents how to play "football," not by vulgar use of brute strength, but by scientific tactics which have wnirthe admiration of the spectators even when they have not won points. I The season was inaugurated by the Linnets meeting Hunslet, it being the first match where the new rule of the scrummage instead of the punt out was played. At that time it was confidently anticipated .that the rule would favour the locals to the discomfiture af their opponents, but as a matter of fact, other clubs have really benefited much more by the adoption oft he rule than Runcorn. The second match may fittingly be termed the local "Derby" Runcorn and Widnee. meeting each.other at Irwell-laue where the former registered a win after an exciting and vigorous game by ten points to nothing. 'Our doughty opponents Bradford, were next taken on at Park-avenue, the Runcorn forwards for once excelling themselves making a draw of two points each, the visitors having the best -of the game. Huddersfield were next thrashed, after which the Myrtles visited Warrington, where a most exciting game terminated in a draw—a just finish to a hard fought game. The next team to visit Irwell-lane were Brighouse Rangers where the home contingent were given such a fight as they have not had for many years. The visitors managed early on to cross the line and it was not until the last few minutes of the game that the home players, impelled by the frantic implorings of the spectators,. raced over and scored thrice.lA poor exhibition with the Saintly Saints of St. Helens terminated in a draw. After this the Myrtles got back to their usual form by castigating Swinton in no half hearted manner by thirteen 'points to two the burly forwards of the "Lions" completely falling away before the smart tactics of the Runcorn backs. It wa.s in this .game that Richardson excelled hitnself4gaining one of the most meritorious tries of the season. Salford were next on the list away, and, according to an eye witness, the visitors were winning up to thirty seconds of the finish, when Bell burst away, and, outwitting the redoubtable Houghton scored at the corner, thus pulling the match out of the fire by ten points to six. This match ititroduced to the football world one of the finest centre three-quarters Runcorn have ever possessed, Harry Price, who scored Runcorn's initial try. The shift of scenery beings on the stage that ever nuttnoraba match which Runcorn supporters and the North of England generally will always remember as being one in which the "slow to wrath " Cheshire town were robbed of a victory owing to the impartial (?) decisions of the one placed in authority to hold at a dead level the scales of justice. I refer to Halifax; and, therefore, further comment is needless. A typical game of West Lancashire football was wit- neased when Leigh were taken on—a pbintless draw be- ing the result. Hull were next encountered—but not at Trwell-lane—Runcorn having been forced to play.three home matches at Birkenhead. Smarting under the sentence of punishment,the Linnets lost by three points to seven. Frost now intervening, matches were post- poned only to be inconveniently played at the fag end of the season. The next m itch saw Runcorn's heavy hand smiting Hull Kingston Rovers to the tune Of twenty-one points to nothing. A depleted team was than taken to Batley viiitch resulted in a bad defeat by thirteen points to nothing—an unusual thing for Run- corn's defence to be pierced three times. Up to this point Runcorn had not won a single match away, but at Wigan the tide turned, Moran being introduced for the first time and scoring a remarkable try, the visitors winning by three points to two. 'rhe beginning of the year saw Runcorn visiting Widnes, where the game was played in a perfect blizzard. The wind in the first hallhelpedthe home team considerably, a try being scored which Runcorn could not wipe out. On January 10th Bradford were entertained, the match being one of the most exciting ever seen on the Runcorn ground. At half-time Bradford were leading by seven points to two, and then further increased their lead by two points. Hounded on by their supporters. the home aontingent made a desperate attempt to draw level, and general satisfaction reigned when Walker gained a fine try from a cross kick. Hardly had the game been resumed when Price passed out to Moran who scored within three minutes of the finish. Farmer added the necessary points. Even then Runcorn had not finished, for on the stroke Richardson dashed through and completed the rout of the Yorkshiremen by fifteen points to nine. The Wirepullers of Warring- ton were the next to come to Runcorn, where their defence and attack fell completely to pieces. Naturally the visitors were disappointed, but the Myrtles were irresistable. and won by 18 points to nothing—the biggest defeat Warrington have had this season. Points were then sought at Brighouse, but the Runcora team was sent to the right about by eight points to three. Riincorn, however, triumphed over Huddersfield by three points to nothing, and Wigan to the tune of nine- teen points to nothing. It seemed, indeed, that nothing could withstand their victorious march, I and high hopes were entertained that the champions of , Cheshire would win the Northern League Cup. The Cup Ties next claimed attention, Runcorn having very lucky draws at home. Widnes were the opponents in the first round, and after a vigorous—too vigorous— they were defeated by seven points too two. Drawing ; with Birkenhead in the second round the match was played in a storm of rain the finish witnessing the triumph of Runcorn by eighteen points to nothing. Ma rypo rt were the next to be taken on,the locals winning .easily by seventeen points to three. The next round in which Runcorn thought they could avenge their former disastrous meeting, was with Halifax. The game was. played in the characteristic Yorkshire manner, and re-, suited in the downfall of Runcorn's high hopes. Shortly before , time Hadwi. marked about I thirty yards from the posts, Little kicking a goal thus giving the visitors the winning points. This , quenched Runcorn's light for the Northern Union Cup, but they determined to win the League Championship. ; Swinton and Salford were defeated by the hard work of the rear division, but Halifax again blocked the way and though Runcorn were certain they could pull off the game they were defeated at Hanson-lane after having the best of the game by eight points. This, practically, I knocked the locals out of the League, yet visiting Old- ham in a half-hearted fashion they lost by three points to nil—the score being indicative of the merits of the two teams—as will be seen on referring to the League! table. An Easter tour ended in a miserable fiasco, all the games being lost. Batley redeemed Runcorn's I credit by permitting themselves to be beaten ty eighteen points to eight. Determined to show a bold front to the last, Hunslet were ;knooked out by nine points to six, Price scoring ! a try in methods a la association, dribbling three parts of the field. The season terminated by defeating Wigan by eight points to three. The works competitions have proved very successful, Highfleld winning the medals by knocking Cast ner's out in the final by two tries to one. There is no doubt that next season Runcorn's sun—in spite of S. Houghton's rumoured retirement— will shine out as refulgently as ever.

NEW BISCUIT.

CRAWFORD'S

SWEET. " RA G LA N " SHORT. RICH.

BISCUITS.

- -

===== 0002601_19030501_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

POLICE CASES.

At Newton on Monday morning before Colonel Wood J.P., Peter Mack, collier of Haydock, was charged with being drunk in Earlestown on Saturday night. P.C. Hughes proved the case and prisoner was fmed,2s. 6d. and costs. George Watson, boilermaker of Salford was also charged with creating a disturbance in Railway View early on Sunday morning. He was fined 2s. 6d. and costs. P.C. Butler proved the case.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
POI:ICE CASES.

At Earlestown Police station J. W. Emmett Esq, J.P.,Patrick Donoghue of Birch-street, Earlestown was charged with being drunk and dis- orderly in Earlestown the previous day. P.C. Lennie proved the case,and prisoner, against whom there are 51 convictions, was fined ss. and costs. At Newton Police station on Saturday before S. J. Gillespie Esq. J.P., Mary Riley of no fixedabode was charged with being drunk in g-trlestown on Friday night. P.C. Lennie proved the case and prisoner was fined 10s. and costs. She was committed to prison for 14 days. PRIKITIVE METHODIST SUNDAY SCHOOL.

Special services infaid of the above school Were held in the church on Sunday. They were favoured with propi- tious weather, and there was consequently a large con- gregation at each of the services. The pulpit was occu- pied by the Rev. H. 0. H. Richardson of Hull and his discourses morning and evening were very interestin_g. Special hymns were sung by the children andchoir. In the afternoon a sacred Cantata entitled" From Storm Ito Calm "was given by the choir. The choruses and solos were excellently rendered, and much appreciated. Mr. NV. Barnton conducted and Miss Toombs presided at the organ. The collections which were in aid of the Sunday School funds totalled £7O. BARLESTOWN BOOKMAKERS RAIDED.

I A number of charges of obstructing the footway at Earlestown by bookmakers were heard on Thursday morning at the Newton-le-Willews Polise Court.—Mr. Browta aated that obstruction through street-betting at Earlestown had become such an intolerable nuisance that the Earlestown Co-operative Society had placed their premises at the use of the police for the purpose of watching defendants. The offences took place on April 17th and 18th, and at one timethere would be as many as fifty or sixty people standing on the feotwa.y for five minutes at a stretch, whilst at times the whole street was blocked by people betting with defendants. —Matthew Seton was fined 20s. and costs in two cases, Unsworth tbe same penalty in two cases; Frank Dale and Edward Dale 20s. and costs in one case respectively; whilst the charge against Walter Water- man mas dismissed, defendant calling evidence that he was not at the place at the time stated by the police.— Mr. Knowles asked the Bench to state a case in respect to Setou's convictions, but the magistrates fdeclined the application.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN MAY QUEEN. FESTIVAL

The forthcoming display which is to take place on Saturday, May 30th, is expected to excel all previous efforts in this direction, and given fine weather, there should be a record crowd. Last year, which is the first venture brought to the funds of St. John's Church enlargement project, a veryconsiderable amount, but it is hoped this will be exceeded this year. If the ener- gies of the Committee go for anything, those who go to the trouble of pkying a visit to Earlestown will certainly be amply reward. The idea of holding the festival on the Market Ground really originated with Mr. Kilmister, the able secretary, and his wisdom as the result showed, was not out of place. The labour in pre- paring the ground was enough to daunt any ordinary person, but not Mr. Kilmister, who infected the other members of the Committee with his enthusiasm with the result that the aPparently insurmountable difficulties and the criticisms of those who were adverse to it, were wiped aside, and the financial result fully repaid all the efforts put forth. The same untiring energy is being displayed on this occasion, and no doubt will receive the reward it deserves.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
IDENPENDENT ORDER OF RECHABITES. -- WaPrington District, No 4.

The quarterly meeting of this Society was held on Saturday last .at the Brunswick-road Mission IEII, Earlestown. The proceedings were presided over by Bro. Walker, D.D.C.R., in the absence of Bro. .1. Hucklleston D.C.R., through indisposition, when repre- sentatives from every tent in the district reported them- selves. The D.S. presentee his report from which it appeared that there are 19 tents lathe district with a Membership of 1189 with a nett increase for the quarter of 25. Total amount of funds £3,750. Value of property belonging to the district £3,150. A new Welsh., tent was aboht to be openedat Ashton and he hoped before long to be able to report that one had been opened at Upholland. Resolved that the report of the D.S.be accepted as read.. The District Auditors reported that they had examined All books and vouchers which were correct and great credit was due to the D.S. upon the way in which the accounts were kept. Bro. J. Wright, J.D.S., in presenting his report said - the quarter had been one of success. There had been an increase of juveniles of 52 after deducting 4 who had been transferred to the adult tents. AThe total juvenile membership was 011. The financial increase after pay- ing the death claim was .£l7 10s. 014. total funds £230 7s. 6i-d. New juvenile tents were about to be forme at Lowton and Padgate, and he hoped before the present year expired the membership would be 1,060. He was not asking for impossibilities, for considering how that success had attended their efforts in the past by a little more exertion their object would beachieved, and the Order Challenge Shield would find its way to Warrington District for the greatest increase in juvenile membership during the year. A resolution was passed denouncing the action of the Prime Minister in seeking to prejudice the unfettered discretion of Justices and inciting Quarter Sessions to reverse the decision of Licensing Magistrates ' • also protesting against any attempt being made by Parliament to create vested interest in licences or to provide compensation in cases where in the exercise of their discretionary powers, magistrates- refuse to renew such licences and that this meeting appealsto all temperance and social reformers to resist every effort to provide such compensation or to limit the power of licencinn.b justices. That copies of the resolution be forwarded to the following Parlia- mentary Representatives, Robert Pierpoint Esq., M.P., for the County Borough of ‘Varringten, Colonel R. Pil- kington, M.P., for Newton Division and Colonel-Blun- dell M.P., for lace Division. After all the business had been disposed of, Bro. Baxendale was called upon to present to Bro. Horne a beautiful framed emblem of the Order in recognition of his services to the District, he having passed through the various chairs and completed his term of office. In making the presentation Bro. Baxendale expressed him- self as being pleased to have the honour conferred upon him. Bro. Horne had been an. honest and earnest worker during his term, he was a steady going man, and one , who it was a pleasure to work with. He had helped to. ' form the Juvenile Council, and had been appointed a trustee. He hoped he would accept the present with the best wishes of the members• present as a slight acknowledgment of his past services. 1 Bro. Horne thanked Bro.Baxeudale and the District Council for the present adding that he was proud to be the recipient of such a token of their goodwill towards him. It would find a prominent place in his home and whenever he looked upon it he would be reminded of their good wishes and the many happy hours spent with them. Bro. Hall then responded to the invitation to present o the district secretary Bro. T. Winstanley a valuable roll-top secretaire for his services as Clerk of Works daring the erection of property at Earlestown. In asking him to accept the present he said he had not, during his long connection with the Rechabites extending over 40 years seen a more suitable present offered to anyone. Bro. Winstanley was well worthy of it. When he took over the office some five years ago they had only five tents,now they had eleven. They might say he had not formed them, but he had been mainly instrumental in the formation of them by his industry and zeal. The work which he had done in connection with the property they would never forget. The speaker trusted Mr. Winstanley would live long to enjoy their confidence and that he might continue to exhibit the same energy and spirit which had char- acterised his work in the past. Bro. Winstanley in reply, said it was extremely grati- fying to him to receive such a gift as this from their hands. It was the friendly feeling which had always been extended towards him by all,that made it pleasant to labour amongst them. He accepted the present, not because of its pecuniary value, but because of the spirit in which it had been given. ,He thanked them very heartily for it and assured them that if spared he should continue to work for the interests .of the district and cause. Bros. E. Walkden and Massey also spoke in terms of praise of Bros. Home and Winstanley. In the evening a concert was given by various male and female members from Ashton, Bryan and Warring- ton.' Bro. J. Shaw of Warrington 'Occupied the chair. Bro. D. Sutton as humorist excelled himself and re- ceived numerous encores. Durin,, the evening Bro.. Wright in a forcible address on the juvenile questiomt called upon all members and friends to enroll their children so that they might be reared in principles of Rechabitism. It is hoped that the meeting may give a fillip to the local tents both juvenile and adult.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY FACILITIES TO RACE MEETINGS.—Th Great Central Railway Company announce special ex cursion.s, 3 and 5 days, to London,for the Kempton Park races. The fares from St. Helens, Haydock, Ashton-in- Makerfield, and Go'borne are 12s. Gd. and Ms. A cheap excursion will also be run te Chester for the Cup day on Wednesday next. For further particulars see advertise- ment and bills.

A terrible disaster, believed to have been caused by an explosion of natural gas, has happened to a mining town in North-West Canada. The town of Frank has been partially engulfed, and 140 lives are believed to have been lost.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football. By " Ovalist."

The football season is once more at an end and the last kick was given to the ban in Warrington on Wed- nesday evening, when the final tie in the Works Com- petition was played at Wilderspool before a fine crowd of about 4,001 J. Such support as this testifies not only to the firm hold the game has on the Warrington public, but to the popularity of the competition between the local works' teams. Those present,unless they were Supporters of the defeated team, would not be disappointed, for the football dig-played was of dis- tinctly good class, consideriug that the exponents were novices. Crosfield's and Rylands' were the con- testants and they proved well-matched, though the score was 10 points to 3 points in favour of the soap-makers at . the close. Rylands' played shockingly for two-thirds of the game or , such a score would never have been run up. Later on they rallied well and obtained the best try of the evening. Their fault lay chiefly with the half backs, who, until late on, seemed afraid to trust their three quarters with the ball. Crosifeld's on the contrary essayed the open game and profited by it. They were meritorious winners and deserved the handsome gold medals which Messrs. Eustance and Co., have supplied to the order of the Football Club. The runners-up received silver medals with a gold centre and have reason to be well satisfied whim their reward. I wish them better luck next time, for unlike -Crosfield's they have never woe the competi- tion outright yet.

Tile Warrington men played Hu ldersfield for the concluding .contest of the season and finished up with a creditable win, though the Fartowners pushed them hard. Fish and Harris were the scorers for the home side. This victory givol Warrington a creditable position in thg League, as will be seen from another column, which contains my annual review of the season.

Saturday's match was rather a tame affair. Brilli- ant individual efforts were made by Harris and Fish who scored the tries, but there was a. lack of com- bination on both sides and neither team distinguished itself by dashing play. This may perhaps be accounted for by the fact that there was very little at stake in this the closing match of the season. The;heat, too, was rather oppressive and 'militated against either side playing in their most robust style. The Warrington forwards, as usual, had the worst of the argument with eheir opponents, who heeled out of the scrimmage about twice as often as the War- rington vanguard. Holroycl and Dewhurst were given plenty_ of opportunities to get the back machinery into operation, but many chances were lost owing to the passing being either too slow or ill-timed. The best Combined movement of the visiting backs was i that which led to Wimpenny scoring n the second half.

Of the individual players, Harris and Fish stand out far.and away above the rest. Harris played up to his Bradford reputation and the try which he gained must rank as one of his finest performances. The manner in which he brushed away his opp3nents and cmtinued his career for the -line An a dogged zig-zag manner was refreshing to witness, deserved the appreciation which all the spe- tutors ungrudgingly bestowed. In the second half Fish emulated Harris's example by making an individual effort which was equally meritorious. It, will be remembered that at Hufliers- field Deere got the better of Fish and sc3red two tries, On Saturday, Fish turned the tables on his opponent and completely outclassed him . at. all pints in the, game. -Fish did not succeed in registering two tries but his one try was obtained in masterly style. Getting 'possession as the result of a faulty piss, Fish raced away and kicking the ball over Kitchen's head, he regained possession and crossed the line. One saterical friend was heard to shout" 0 Deere! " but the Huddersfield right-wing man alth mgh chagrined seemed to be content with his _well-won laurels at Huddersfield.

Hallam did not play no to th top oflais form and on the afternoon's play Kitcheui was the better man. Isherwood and Dickenson also showA a fallincr,-off in their play but this is excusable in the last matelt of the season and they will all be readily forgiv.m if they return to their b?st f min by S3ptemb3r next.

are th:t pr llst t vu in till N)Allern Union to-day, an I well they in ty b, for to cw`nre both the Northern Union awl Northern League Cups is no meAnifeat,and has only o before been equalled, and then by Broughton Rangers who had nothing like so severe a struggle. Those people who pinned their faith to Salford, inch u ling myself. wer,T, sally disap- pointed by the remit of tire Can fin'al at 11?.tdingly. The Reds " flatterel oily to deceive "and w re more decisively beaten than the sore of 7-9 indicates. It seems of no use for them to figir their way to thc!'final Thy no sooner get there than they are knocked out. We shall all despair of them ever winning the Cup if they can finish:up no better' than they have done this time.

Not only did Htlifax win thl cup easily eaough,but they left no doubt about the League championship by visiting Leigh and defeating the Mather-laners with little difficulty. Leigh rather f Inciel themselves, but they were no match for the sfroag Yorkshire com- bination. I saw the match and it wis apparent that the blue and whites, withow exerting themselves very much always had their opomurt's in hand. Wedgwood scored the whole of the elevea points obtained,though tackled prior to crossing the line on each occasion. Leigh nude spasmodic bursts all tried all they knew to rush Little, but the latter was in magnificent form. and defende 1 in a style I have never seen surpassed. His drop-kicking rather Surprised the Leigk folks, who have an idea that they can propel a foothtli. somewhat. As if to Make the triumph of Halifax all the mwe pronounced, the Salford men went to Hull again—fatal spot—and allowed the Hovers to trounce them by no less titan 111 points to This just about filled the cup for their supporters, some of whom, at Leigh, looked horribly .ghvn and seemed almost ashamed of their bad ties. To los.• evN7thing. in a few brief days is not cheering. However, it is " All Hslifax!" just now.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Cricket.

The capital form displayed by the Warringtonians in the opening match was maintained on Saturday; when Newton-le-Willows were easily accounted for on their own ground. Batting first, the visitors com- piled the substantial, total of 129, to which Newton revonded with only 45. Warrington had the assist- ance of J. W. Bibbv, the ponular captain, who ren- dered most valuable service with the ball, being responsible for 5 wickets at the small cost of 12 runs. He must be complimented upon this creditable achievement.

Lynes, the Warrington professional, proved him- self a batsman of no mean ability, and showed that in this department as well as regards bowling he is a decided acquisition to the eleven. He knocked up just as many runs as the combined efforts of the Newton men realised-45. He batted in splendid style, not one faulty stroke marring his exhibition. and hit no fewer .than eight boundary strokes. W. M. Silcock was also prominent with a fine battingdis- play, his aggregate being 21. W. H. Pognore knocked up 19 and J. A. Briggs 10.

Not a single Newton player attained double tig,nres, and all experienced difficulty in dealing with the balls sent down by the visitors, and particularly lw Mr. Bibby who maintained a' capital length and made the ball turn quickly from the pitch. T. Williams was th,e top snorer, his efforts being productive of 9 runs, whilst H. Rylance came next with 5. The re- sult of the engagement was very gratifying to the Warrington supporters and a successful season is hoped for.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

As announc.l last week a —works bowling competi- tion will shortly be held. It has been decided that thecomPetition shall be open to teams (12 asidel re- presenting works within a. radius of two miles from the borough boundary. -.Players in the competition must have been employed at, the works they represent on orbefore the Ist of May. The draw for the first round will take place on Monday, May 11th, play to commence on the following Saturday.

At n meetinct of the Council of the Lancashire and Cheshire County Association held on Tuesday even- ing; Mr, J. Coombs,deonty president,in the chair, the following teams were drawn to play in the prelimin- ary round for a place in the championship competi- tion :

Didsbury v. Pendleton, at Old Trafford (Friday.) Tyldesley v. Harpurhey, at Irlam. Trlam v. Ashton-on-Mersey, at Heatley. Wigan v. Leigh Railway, at Newton-le-Will.mvs.. Ratcliffe v. Leigh Limited, at Warrington. Wilmington v. Kersal Moor, at Ashton-on-Mersey. Stretford v. Broughton, Limited at Kersal George. Warrington v. Newton-le-Willows, at Wigan. _

Whitefi‘eld, Northenden, Cheetham, Heaton Park, Old Trafford (Friday), Kersal George, Heatley, and Ratcliffe (Conservative) walks over. All to be played off before the 11th May.

Cycling. The first official ran of th:-3 season in connection with Lovely-lane Cycle Club took phce on SAturthy. Fourteen members, including half-a-dozen ladies, left headquarters under the captaincy of gr. J. Parkinson. This number was augmented to 20 before Frodsham was reached. On arrival an excellent tea was pro- vided. A most enjoyable afternoon was spent on Overton Hills, awl the return jonrney was comtnenced at seven o'clock.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Ang.iing.

. The Worsley Canal Filer T Board announce that they have secured thn-rights of fishing in the Bridge- water Canal from Langford Bridge, Stretford, to Pres- ton Brook, and that the preserved portion of this 'Canal now under their control extends between Pres- ton Brook and L eigh Bridge, and in the Leeds and Liverpool Canal from Leigh Bridge to Plank-lane Loek. Licences to fish are to be issued at the rate of ss. per annum, day tickets at is. each, whilst a charge of 3d. for each competitor in a match, time limit Ally, is to be charged. For m itches, ten days' notice must be given to the Secretary, but no Sunday matches will be allowed. Altogether abent -) miles of canal are now cowered by the Bo trd. At the meeting of the C:nnmittee ofsthe Warrington Anglers' Associa- tion held List niglat (Friday) the following resolution in connection with the re-orgtnizatioa scheme, was brought no for confirmation :--" it there be two scales of fees for intending new members, viz., Gs. and Bs. GI. per annum." For the lower fee, the coarse fishing in the different waters of the S tciety, as well as the lower length of the river Bolin), and by arrangernelt with the Worsley . Canal Fishery Board, the fishing in the Br dgewater Canal will also be available. 'rile extra half-crown will be charged for the upper length of the river Bollin, as it is intended that this particular. length should be kept exclusively for trout. Those members who have al- ready paid their subscriptions will be considered as members upon the higher scale. The riv 7 Bonin has fished very well during this week, but no fish have been takea over -Vbs. in weight. Messrs. Eccleston, Nixon, Harrison, Winging, ifigginbottom, Brown, sen., Prince, Davis, Waywall and Mather have all taken trout. A dace of about nos., a raid, and several chub were hooked but put carefully back.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
PROTECTING THE CHILDREN.

THE WORK OF THE N.S.P.C.C. IN WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT.

Tnteresting details of the useful work ctirried on by the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children in the Warrington .district were forthcoming the annual meeting of the Warrington branch which was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall on Thursdiy afternoon. Mr. F. A. Frost presided over a large attendance which included Colonel • Buckton, Councillor Bennett. Mr. McGregor, Mr. %V. D. Jeans, Jun. ( secretary), and many ladies. - The SECRETARY real letters of -ap4ogy for non- attendance from the Mayor, Mr. R. Pierpoint M.P., Mr. Roger Parr, Cal. Cornw ill Legh, Mr. Sutton Timmis,Mr. T. Birchall. J.P., Mr. W. Long, Mr. John White, Mrs. Blecklv, and said many others had been received. The *Cattirm in said the letters numbered about sixty or seventy.

THE ANNUAL REPORT,

StJGGEiTED NEW DISTRICT OR ADDITIONAL

INSPECTOR.

The CITAIRILAN said they had met to review the ,general work of the braach during the past year, which he thought they would find had on the vhole been a highly satisfactory one. They.hopd to be able to do still better in the future as there was plenty of room for improvement. . S'ECRE r.k RY elevesth tunnel re?ort of the Committee which read as follows :—The com- mittee have to report a considerable decrease in the number of casas dealt with during the year ended 31st March, 1903, The' total number of cases investigated ,of this period has beea 313 affecting 952 children of whom 463 were boys and 190 were girls, In 213 'cases warning w3re given, 39 were pr mecitted, 9 were other- wise dealt with, 8 were dropped, and I was on the 31st. March pending. The prosecatioas (39) which numbered one more than last year resulted in the conviction of 31 persons who were sent to prison for various tips aggregating 7 years and 10 months. Twelve other per- sons were censured and their cases adjourned to give them a chance of improvement, and two ctses were withdrawn owing to the serious illness of the offenders. 258 of the cases were neglect and starvation, 23 ill-treatment. 3 exnasure, 5 causing to beg, 5 immoral surroundings, 2 abmd mment, and 2 criminal assault. Upwards of 1,090 sup zrvision visits were ptid during the year. and assistance in the shape of food, bedding, coal andclothin,_ff has in m eyes been provided for families who weTe in immediate mud. There are at present about 500 families in the dOitrict under the Society's observation. - The diminution in the number of cases has been brought about partly by a.continued improvement in the town :of Warrington, and partly by an alteration which has hesivnirle in the district covered by the branch, the town of Widnes, which formerly pro- vided a great deal of the Inspector's work having been taken from this district and added to that of the Liverpool outer branch. This alteration took effect from the month of August 1902. It had become urgent to make some change in this way, as the work in the districts had become heavier then one Inspector could manage. It should he mentioned that the Inspector of the Liverpool outer district has in consequence of the change,begun to find his work beyond him, and there is now talk of either creating a new district to cover Widnes. Runcorn and Frodshon• or of employing an ad- ditional Inspector either at Liverpool or here to assist in that neighbourhood. The conimittee are pleased to be able to report a sur_mcessf ma financial year. The activity of Mrs. Frost and the ladies who have assisted her has resulted in an increased income, and there is a credit balance of .£ll 10s. The annual • ball was also, thanks to Mrs. Frost amid the other ladies acting with her on the committee, unusually successful, the large sum of £39 17s. M. be- ing realized thereby. Mks Broadbent continues to take an active interest in the branch of the Children's League of Pity, and the Society is indebted to her and the league for a most useful sum of money collected in that way. Inspector Hackett continues to give every satisfaction and the committee consider that the general [improvement in the district is to a great extent the result of his energetic work. The police in every part 'of the district are also very good in assisting the Society where their assistance is needed. In War. rington especially the Chief Constable and the forse generally have from time to time given most value- able help. So also have many of the school attendance ' officers and school masters and mistresses. Thanks are also due to the Cheshire Needlework Guild (through the kind offices of Lady Brooke), and the several ladles for gifts of clothing, bedding etc., which are always ac- ceptable. The Inspector has always , cases in hand where such things are very badly needed and will be grateful at all times to any ladies for worn-out cloth- ing, old bedding, blankets, etc."

_ Colonel Buci•ox moved the adoption of the report. He said he thought everyone present knew the objects of the Society and the work taken in hand, and was very keenly desirous that it should he carried out as thoroughly as possible. The work of the Inspector had not hen as heavy this year, as part of the district had been cut off, but the district that Was left seemed to have provided an enormous amount of work. They could not help feeling what a p;ty it was that so much of such work had to be done. Before the branch was started people seemed co think there would be nothing for it to do. but it has been found that there was plenty of work. The branch had been in operation for ten years and had done an immense amount of work in pro- tecting the children. Of course the work entailed financial responsibility, and the actual resnonsibility was undertaken by Mr. Waugh and the officials at head quarters, but still it was the duty of the branch to try and provide for its own expenses. He was pleased to say that the Warrington branch appeared to be doing very well.

Mr. MCGRAIGOR seconded, and said he thought the branch was moving on a little better than it was some time ago. The amount of work left to be done after their ten years missionary work in the neighbourhood was certainly very considerable. He thought, however, that the figures showed an improvement as the propor- tion of cases of cruelty seemed to be diminishing. The report was unanimously adopted. Mr T T WArrs, of Northwich, delivered an interest- ing address.

Sir Gilbert. Greenall, Bart, was re-elected President. of the Branch.

HOLIDAYS TN NORTII WA Ls.—North Wales and the various watering places to be found along the coasts have always been popular to Lancashire and Cheshire people, not only on account of the natural beauties of almost any particular district that may be named, but also by reason of the facilities which are placed at the disposal of those who desire to make a closer acquaint- ance with any of the interesting localities indicated. The Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Company's steamer Snowdon will commence running daily (Sundays included), on 9th May, for Llandudno and Beaumaria.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.

The monthly meeting a theabove authority was held on Tuesday evening under the presidency of Mr. Pritchard.

AN APPOINTMENT.

At a meeting of the School Management Committee on April 21st, accounts amounting to £317 us. were passed for payment. The committee recommended the appointment of Miss Gertrude Scragg Its assistant teacher at Victoria-road boys schoolat a salary of £11.5 per annum, duties to commence on the re-opening of the schools after the midsummer holidays.

Nfr. Handley moved the confirmation Of the minutes.. They had appointed a teacher who was a Runcornian and would, they believed, do credit to the position. • The minutes were confirmed. A £5OO PRECEPT.

The Finance Committee recommended" that a precept be issued on the overseers of the poor for :e.500 payable on May Ist.

--Co—ndrin-e-il on the motion of the chairman and Mr. Handley. •

A HIGH PERCENTAGE.

The Clerk pointed out that the attendance percentage for the month wals 84 which was the highest on record. It would have been at least two per cent higner were it not for the Canal boat children and the trippers.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Personal. Captain W. S. Bannatyne, the kiug's (Liverpool Regiment), lately doing duty at Orford Depot, and who held a staff appoinnwnt in South Africa during the war, has been- gazetted a D.A.A.G. for staff service;

Mr. Neil McK. Barron, C.E., the resident engineer on the Waterworks extensi-ms ai Winwick and Delph lane, under Mr. James Deas, A.M.1.C.E., water engineer, has been appointed resident engineer on the, large new waterworks for Margate (which are to cost ;t120,000) at a salary of £250 per annum. Mr.. Barron came to Warrington about four years ago as an assis- tant to Mr. Deas and in p 1909 was appointed resident engineer on new works at Winwick and Delph-lane costing £BO,OOO.

, Miss Lavinia Hewitt, the girl soprano, who was so well received in the Parr Hall on Monday last, in con- nection with the Band of Hope festival is the pupil of Mr. Fred Podmoreof T,ovely-lane.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Madame .Albani's Visit to Warrington.

The visit of Madame Albani who will appear at Mr. R.' H. Pearson's special grand concert on Tuesday May 12th, in the Parr Hall, is .exciting much local interest. The world-famous queen of song has only just returned from a concert tour in Canada, where she and her party have met with nothing but success. The artistes who will come with her to Warrington are all of the highest class, and the opportunity of hearing so famous a vocalist—an opportunity, by the. *4, which is not likely to occur again in the immed- iate future--should be sufficient to fill the hall. The distinguished violinist, Madame Beatrice Langley, is well known, and Miss Adela Verne is recognised as the best lady pianiste of the day. Miss Muriel Foster moreover, holds a very prominent place in the list of leading contraltos, and has during the last few months been fulfilling engagements in Moscow,and in addition, that ever popular veteran, Mr. Santley, whose niche amongst the baritones will be very hard to fill, will also sing at this memorable concert, and c.)mpletes a concert party that cannot fail to give the utmost. pleasure and satisfaction.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Marriage at Penketh Wesleyan Chapel.

A marriage of local interest- was solemnized in Penketh Wesleyan Chapel on Thursday afternoon, when Miss Bertha Jackson, third. daughter of Mr. Peter Jackson, of Liverpool-road,Sankey Bridges,was unitea in the bonds of holy in itrimony to John Robert Moly- Deux, of Walton, Liverpool. The Rev. John Gunnell, of Penketh, conducted the ceremony in the presence of a large number of invited guests and friends. The bride, who was given away by her father, looked hand- some in a dress of blue grey, ,trimmed with *slain strapping to match, gold silk, white chiffon and!passe— menterie: Her white hat was trimmed with chiffon, white plumes and orange blossom, and sbo carried a heuntifukshower bouquet composed of lilit‘s qf thevalley- There weie three bridesmaids in att oridanoe, namely, Miss Emily and Miss Clara Jackson (sisters bf the bride) and Miss Plmnbe, of West Derby loniiin of the bride- groom). The Misses jacksori w ;re dresses of bluti trimmed with cretin silk, awl picture hats to match, They carried banquets of tuirrlQrites. Miss Plumbe wore a strawberry-coloured dresi with cream lace, tt large picture hat to match, and 'Carried -a beautiful bouquet of pink and white gent niumi. The duties 'of best man were 'satisfactorily discharged by Mr. T. H. Molynenx (brother of the bridegroom). • A recep- tion was afterwards held at the house of the bride's father and the wedding (Troup was phqto,Yraphed. Later in the day the newfy-married cpuple tepartei for Blackpool where the honeyin-ion is being spell. They were the recipients of in choice presents.

CLIP AVD SJS,

MMi F FACTUUERS OF

TRAVELLING R E(21:1S1 rES.

GL taSTONE BIG (Cow Ride) From 161. LIMES DRESS WAKEN ....... From 245. %VAT/WHOOP HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d.

39, AND 41, DIU: Srli 4.1,131'

12, LORD STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

Lj GGe —Pure Old Rugdoi (lime from n.)ted strain. 55., doxen. carriage pil. —Tanmas OsvlEs. Peaterven, n..ar Mirviterley.

WANIBD Wilms-Id and (la Uqok and Groans keot. (one son).—BoTromLx Y REGISTRY, Morley street. Bridford. Yorks.

Ri RHAD REQUIII,II3 number Superior SVA.NTS 17.1 ..very capacity. reliable sitoatioos, L'vrilings procured Ilstablished 23 years.—S EC r REGISTRY. Rusboime. Manchester.

UGGs.; for SITTING.—Pure-bred Black vlinoroa atzd Buff LA Orpington. 21 6! per sitting; Partritre C4elina, 31 per 'Mine —T. WATKINS IN. Lone lane. A.u(hton Ornisairk

WANTS% q.)od PLA 1 .IN 01K.-11re. TROMPION, 91. Hades 011 rod. Pendleton. Nianahester.

WIL URK OOX'S POLT P14.3t4 pro loaf's in )re eggs.keeps fowls healthy. prevents ga 131 ant cramj in chickens: tins 6.1 end 11 3,1, post free St end I, IL Try Mimic's soeltal Genie mil Poultry Me4lll 18s ani 15s per cwt. Whlleiale &gents Wantel.—A. &P. Orit.c Sanlyfard, Stone,qtaffardshlre.

WANTBD FOR SOUTII 40 liT,prirste house' respectsble GIRL for housewor4 ,16 to. 20. —Apply 8, Moßcer RO LP. Southport.

SCA.LLION ON daLlll, 6 year. old. 13.3 hurt. : w4rranled crliet and good worker in all gears.—Apply 0 F Tongan, Ain-lane, Paroold. Southpori..

‘-‘ rsALIA, BAY HUR3d, 0-2; staunch drawer suitahle I) for starting, 29. Vra4gonette to (wry eight, £7. Lignt; landau, capital condition, 33 gull:sets. - LTICERTiIf, Cott Dealer, Platt Bridge, Wigan.

A 110AUDLei(* SUtiOUL. Fi)tt tt.)Yd : Oanucttul .uuntry. —Write to-day for Illustrated Protpectss; SECRETARY, Wals4ll Commercial College, Walsall. Stay mishirl .

A EMITS WANTBD for timatt. Useful, Money-swing /1 Article; large pronto; sample and particulars 4(t. stamps.—AIIFICRD. 43. Garston-street, Ottesham, Bury.

ViTAINTRD PL&IN 000 K (strong young, gaol). £22—z25 VT —bliss BucKLEr. Nook, Greenfield, near Oldham.

WARVID. good GEISTIIKAL ; must have retereuees ; £l3.—Address .drs. DARBYSHIRE, 141.Ty1desley road Atherton, near Manchester.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S

CHLORODYNE.

INVALUABLE FOR

COUGHS, Cons, BRONCHITIS,

ASTHMA, NEURALGIA,

AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS.

This old and tried retnedylbas stood the test of two generations.

RRFONII to be put off with a SUBSTITUTS the ORIGINAL cie be had of ALL CREINLItITS if 3,7 u let it be seen that you are not weak enough to aooept an imitation.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030501_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
N

IMPORTANT TO ALL.

Every person's future is, to a certain extent, in his own hand. Many a future which might have been brilli- ant has been darkened by lack of the spirit of self-help. Many a home, which might have been gladdened by life and health, and comfort, has been saddened by poverty, illness, and death, in many cases wholly preventible. The spring and summer months are, from a sanitary point of view, among the most important of the year. Due care may now mean a healthy and happy summer and autumn' and robust constitution to meet the trials of next winter. Neglect may now mean a joyless summer, a trying autumn, and a broken constitution to succumb under the attacks of any exceptional trial. There are, indeed, few that donot feel the system needs recruiting after the trying winter they have passed through. With some it is only a little cough,' with others, "a tendency to bronchitis," with others "not quite up to the mark," "a sort of all-over sinking feeling," "to weak to do• anything about the house, "these recurring headaches," "no appetite for my food," etc. These and a dozen others are common expressions, which all point to the urgent need of.some good tonic. What change of air can do for you in a few months time—if you are no worse than you are now—a course of some good tonic mixture, a reliable medicine of established reputation and of proved virtue will do now. There are several tonic mixtures to be had, but none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegitable Tonic. It has never been known to fail; send for a pamphlet of testimonials, and read the voluntary testimony herein contained. Then get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, which will prove to be your best self-help. We have no sympathy with those geople who always corn- lain of being ill and miserable and out of sorts, when a course of Gwilvm Evans' Quinine Bitters would soon set them right. *Sold in bottles, 2s. 9d.and 4s. 6d. each by all chemists and patent medicine vendork or.direct from the proprietors : The Quinine Bitters Manufactur- ing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales, carriage free by parcel post. Beware of imitations. See the name of" GwilymEvansr on label, stamp, and bottle; and refuse any preparation offered as a substitute for

===== 0002601_19030501_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
CWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

THE. BEST REMEDY OF THF AGE FOR WEAK- NESS, Nervousness, Indigestion, Sleeplessness, Depres- sion of Spirits, Impure Blood, Chest Affections, Influenza If only given a fair trial, °WHAM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS always affords great relic f to those who suffer from these complaints.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

DISORDERLY PASSENGER ON A TRAMCAR.-LADIES

COMPELLED TO LEAVE.

Joseph Waller, a foreman bricklayer residing in Chapel-lane. Sankey was charged at the Warrington Police Court on Monday,before Mr. F. Monks and other magistrates, with wilfully interfering with the comfort of passengers on a Corporation tramcar on Saturday,April 18th. He pleaded 'guilty.—Mr. Stanley Wilson, deputy town clerk, prosecutedon behalf of the Corpora- tion, and said that the defendant was a passenger on the 4.55 car from Wilderspool on the date named. When the car arrived at St. James's Church, Checker Davenport went inside the car to examine the tickets and noticed the defendant with his head in his hands,npparently asleep, and his hat Was on the floor. After the checker had examined the tickets he was passing the defendant, when the latter jumped up, seized his hat, and started flourishing it about in front of the passengers. One gentleman had his hat knocked off, and the defen- dant also attempted to strike the conductor. Defendant used bad language and his conduct was so bad that all the ladies on the car got out, and one of the other passengers assisted the checker to hold the defendant down until the car reached Bridge Foot, when the ser- vices of a constable were obtained. Defendant's con- duct throughout the journey was most disgraceful. According to alitatement Imade to one of the witnesses the defenant evidently thought he was in South Africa snd that would probably account for his mad conduct. He was under the influence of drink, and when at the Police Station he used very bad language, and the police had to threaten to put him in the cells. He understood however, that the defendant was a hard-workingman, and had never been in court before, and he was sorry he had to prosecute a person of that character. Thq Cor- poration were, however, bound to protect the public. D3fendant was under the influence of drink— The Chief Constable said defendant was like a madman :at the Police Station, and it was only in consideration .of the feat that he was a locAil resident that he was bailed out.—Conductor Timperley and Checker Daven- port gave evidence.—Defendant said he had been up several nights through the illness of his child, and had also been troubled with his head. He hardly knew what he was doing. He very seldom took drink.—Mr. Hallard, clerk of works at the Sankey Sanatorium, said the defendant had worked under him for about two years, and he had never known him speak a wrong word durinc, the whole of the time. He could not under- stand doing such a thing, as his conducthad always been of a most exemplary character, and his language to himself (Mr. Hallard) and the men was beyond re- proach. He had never seen him take drink.—The Chairman (Mr. F. Monks), said that Mr. Hallard's good word had helped the defendant, and the Bench had de- cided not to record a conviction.—Defendant must pay the costs and contribute 10s. to the poor box, and the ease would be dismissed.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Minor Cases. Warrington Borough Police Court.

SATuRDAY.—Before Mr.

Birchall_ (in the chair), Dr

Fox, and Messrs. Birchall and R.' T. Fairclougli. MARGARET OAKES AGA.lN.—Margaret Oakes who is well-known to the police was charged with riotous behaviour in Fennel-street at 20 minutes past twelve that morning.—P.C. Andrews proved the case and said prisoner was drunk and made use of very foul language. She was very violent on the way to the Police Station. —The Chief Constable remarked that this was her 29th .appearance. She was before the Court a few months ago for attempting to commit suicide.—Prisoner was sent to goal for a munth,the Clipirmait remarking that the Bench were sorry to have to punish her time after time but she was a hopeless case. MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (in the chair) Alderman Smethurst, _Messrs. J. W. Hayward, T.

Birchall, S. Wright, and H. Thornton. MIGHT HAVE BEEN FATAL...—John Walters, a young man living at 8, Samuel-street, pleaded guilty to having been drunk and incapable in Market-street at 11.30 on Saturday night—P.C. Cooper stated that he found defendapt lying on the footpath helpless; and he con- veyed him to the Police Station in a cab. Dr. Smith was salt for,.and applied the stcmachpump after which defendant regained consciousness.—The Chief Constable remarked that no doubt defandant was suffering from alcoholic poisoning in an acute form, and had not the stomach pump been used he might have died. .Defend- ant had no recollection of his movements on the night in question, but he had drunk a large quantity of raw rum.—Defendant was fined 55., and also ordered to pay, Cs., the doctor's fee and cab fare. No Llow.r.—George Turley, traveller, 108, Padgate- lane, was fined 2s. Gd. for not having a lighted, lamp attached to his trap at 11-30 on April 21st.—Mr. Browne appeared for the defendant and admitted the offence. . F[GHTlNG.—Margaret Smith, 4, Tinsley's-terrace, and Eliza Nester, 6, Tbasley-terrace, were each bound over to keep the peace and ordered to pay the costs for fighting in Tinsley's-terrace, on April 22nd.— • P.C. Sweeney proved the case:

Local Druidism. The members of the Druids' Camp Lodge of the Order of Druids met at the Higher Angel Inn, Butter- market-street, on Saturday evening. Mr. John Hankey, N.G.A., presided and those present includd Mr. R. Worrall, and 'Mr. Sydney Packer, P.D.G.M. (secretary.) After the initiation of -several new members, the *Chairman called upon Bro. Robert Perdue, P.D.G.M., to . present Bro. John Irwin with a medallion of the order on his de- parture for Canada. Bro. Perdue, who referred at length to the pleasure it gave him to present the medallion, wished the recipient every possible success in his new sphere of life, which he hoped would be a successful one. Mr. Samuel Hankey, P,D.G.M., then . presented Bro. Irwin with an illuminated certificate. Bro. Irwin, who was warmly received, responded in. suitable terms, and said he should never forget the many friends he was leaving behind him in Warring- ton. Songs were rendered by Bros. Wilfrid Perdue, -John Beswick, and John Irwin, and the meeting closed with a hearty voto of thanks to Bro. Hankey for his ,services in the chair.

Woolston Ambulance Class. A largely attended and most enjoyable social, arranged by the members of this class, was held in the Parochial School, Woolston, the other evening. Dancing was indulged in, and songs were rendered by a number of Warrington:friends. During an interval the certificates of the St. John Ambulance Associa- tion gained by the students were presented by the Vicar (Rev. W. Pollock-Hill), who warmly oongratu- lated the class on the fact that the 15 members who presented theinselves for examination were all suc- cessful. The re,cipients were :—John Bolton, Walter Bibby, Aaron Clarke, David Ellam, Joseph Houghton, James Hankinson, Joseph Hankinson, George Higham, Wm. Platt, Alfred Platt, Thomas Platt, Ernest Davies, Harry Stafford, William Wainwright, and Isaac Newton. 'Each of the above had previously The reLarkable rapidity with which Veno's Lightning received a special prize given by Mr. Win. Houghton. Cough Cure absolutely cures the worst cases of COUGHS, Dr. Bennett, the instructor, was presented by the class 'COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, CATARRH, with a handsome silver-mounted ebony walking stick, and CHILDREN'S COUGHS has gained for it scientific suitably engraved, as a mark of their esteem, and in recognition throughout the world. • GRANVILLE H. SHARPE, F.C.S., Analyst, 11 and consideration of the great pains taken with their in- -12, Great Tower-street, London, says in his certificate of struction. The presentation was made by Mr. William analysis :—" lam of opinion that Veno's Lightning . Houghton on behalf of the Class. A vote of thanks to Cough Cure will prove a valuable remedy in the cure of ; the Vicar and Mk. William Houghton was accorded. coughs, colds, asthma, mad all bronchial complaints." ; GEO. KNOX, M.D., 256, Second Avenue, Pittsburg, • writes :—" Veno's Lightning Cough Cure excels in . A young American, employed at Trafford Park,, was chronic coughs and bronchitis, and is especially good ; for children." Ask for Veno's LIGHTNING COUGH CURE committed for trial in Manchester on Wednesday, on a charge of abducting his landlord's daughter; a girl of at Chemists, price Is. Id. and 2s: 9d., or post free from , he Veno Drug Co., Hulme, Manchester. sixteen.

STOP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT. TAKE VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. This marvellously successful remedy surpasses anything in the healingart and has the la i `rgest sale n the world.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ART OF SWIMMING. Annual Meeting of the Warrington Swimming Club.

Evidence was afforded of the near approach of the swimming season, when the members of the Warrington Swimming Club met on Monday evening for the pur- pose of appointing their officers and preparing for the polo matohes. The meeting was presided over by Mr. F. Garside, and it was held in one of the new rooms at the Baths.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BALANCE SHEET

The balance sheet, which had been audited by Messrs. R. T. Harding and F. Garside, was presented. It showed that the income, including a balance brought forws.rd of £9 4s. lOid., amounted to £35 17s. 14d. The members' subscriptions amounted to £l4 135., and the profit on gala was £1 16s. 4d. After meeting all expenditure there was a balance carried forward of £9 4s. 2id.,being Bd. less than the balance in hand at the beginning of the year. Mr. GROUNDS stated that considering the past year was an unfavourable one, the balance sheet was very satisfactory. The first polo team did not win a match, their best performance being a draw. Mr. J. GRAY said that £l4 had beeti given in prizes which was equal to the members' subsoriptions. The balance sheet was adopted on the proposition of Mr. A. ASHTON, seconded by Mr. W. SUTTON.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTES OF THANKS.

Mr. WOOD proposed a vote of-thanks to the Town Hall, Parks and. Baths Committee for concessions made at galas and polo matches. The CITAIRM AN' seconded, and thought perhaps the sommittee might supplement the concessions by pro- iding a few seats. (Hear, hear.) _ . .

The- vote was carried as was also a vote of thanks to the press.

PRESIDENT AND VICE-PRESIDENTS.

It was unanimously Lgreed to RA the Mayor (Mr. J. C. Parr) to again .be president of the club.

The Vice-Presidents were re-elected. CAPTAIN AND OFFICERS OF THE CLUB,

The CFIAIRMIN said the next business was the ap- pointment of a captain of the club. Mr. Thomas Locker was the'captain last year. . _ _

Mr. ARTHUR ASHTON remarked that he did not see the necessity of appointing a captain of the club, and asked what the duties of that officer were.

The CHAIRMAN stated that it was an honorary posi- tion.

Mr. ASHTON thought if there was any honour it ought to be given to the captain of the polo team, who was supposed to do the work and be responsible for the team.

The CHAIRMAN further pointed out that the captain of the club represented the whole body of members apart from the team. _ _

Mr. ASHTON considered he should be a playing mem- ber, but withdrew his suggestion. ' Mr. T. LOCKER was then unanimously re-elected captain of the club. . Mr. A. Boscow (last year's sub-captain)was appointed captain of the polo team and Mr. Arthur Ashton. sub- captain. It was decided that the general committee should elect a captain for the second team at a later period: Mr. C. Wood was again appointed hon.treasurer, and Messrs. G. Grounds and W. Ashton were elected joint hon. secretaries, the latter succeeding Mr. J. Gray, who did not wish to ' stand again. Mr. G. Grounds was voted deletate on the Northern Counties, Lancashire County, and Liverpoolazid District Water Polo Associa- tions. Messrs. R. T. Harding- and F. Garside were re- elected hon. auditors. The following were elected on the committee :---Messrs. E. Draper, A. Boscow, W. Sutton, A. Ashton, C. Ashton, R. T. Harding, S. J. Bea- man, R. Allen, C. Turner. J. Peers, J. Gray, and F. Gar- side. It was suggested that the rules be revised by the committee, printed, and supplied to each member.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER POLO FIXTURES.

Mr. GROUNDS intimated that the following fixtures for the water polo teams had been arranged under the Liverpool and DislrictWater Polo Association:—

FIRST TEAM. June 10 Wigan 23 St. Helens 30 St. Helens Home July 17 Everton ' Away 21 Wigan Home Aug. 11 Evetton Home

===== 0002601_19030501_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND TEAM.

June 9 Woolton Away 30 Birkenhead Y.M.C.A. Home July 7 Walton Away . 17 Birkenhead Y.M.O k 28 Chester Aug. 11 Walton 18 Wootton Home Oct. 7 Chester • Away

===== 0002601_19030501_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
CONDEMNED TO DE4TH.

Pathetic Scene at Walthamstow.

"I don't think your mother will be here in the morn- ing. You had better telegraph to your father." The tone was earnest. The girl who listened burst into tears, as the doctor went softly downstairs and kft the house. wr Her mother, then, was dying !• Behind that dumb, white-painted door, a tragedy was being enacted. Lack- ing the energy to send a telegram to the absent husband —a well-known electrical engineer, then working on one of the Co--operative Cruising Company's fine boats—the girl slipped in and sat beside the patient.

"I have been wondering," said the sufferer,—Mrs. Maddeaux was her name; of 53, Northcote-road, Wel- thamstow—" whether Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people might not do me good. I hear such wonderful things of them." The suggestion was acted upon, and Mrs. Maddeaux lived to tell the story, a strong and healthy woman, snatched from the very grave. "I am." she said, "the mother of sixteen children, and had been suffering from peritonitis. It began by my feeling a little run down, but I soon found that I could not eat anything without suffering great pain, which caused the stomach to distend, and agonising pains to set in. The least movement caused me pain; I grew light-headed, and want of sleep made me look like an old woman dragged to pieces. Even the short flight of stairs to the flrst,floor I had to climb up by means of the balustrade, resting every third or fourth stair. Doctors said I was gradually sinking into the grave. Of course, I had the very best medical advice. "When I was given up. I tried Dr. Williams' pink pills as a last hope. They saved my life. Strength returned. I gradually began to gain flesh and go about the house; the terrible depression disappeared. lam completely restored to health, and feel stronger than I ever felt in my life." Strength and the saving of life are what Dr. Williams' pink pills offer to the ueak. Consumptives, wasting away from loss of blood, find in them new blood and new hope. St. Vitus' dance, anasmia, paralysis, rheumatism, fits, kidney disease, and all the ills that make woman's life a • burden have been cured by the genuine pills. Sold at two shillings and ninepence a box; to be had of local chemists, for if they bear the full name they will always be genuine.

?tf,,:c -...,. • k: „) • „,..; i L.,....) . / ....'"-. P'' • . ''''''-'7.--"'-':_-_-: •-7 . 7._ ,4,-s;‘,-------------_,- „,r„ Jiaddeaux.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, May 1, 1903.

cartoon, the Chancellor of the Exchequer had prepared a soft place for them to fall upon. (Laughter.) They hoped their fall would ho soon. He supposed it would be like the Irishman's description who said there wasn't much in the fall but in the sudden stop at the bottom. (Laughter.) In a conversation with a Tory in that division, he was surprised to hear that Tory describe the present Governmentas a Govern- ment of "sops." They " sopped " the publicans' the clergy, the landlords, and now they were coming back to"pop" the landlords of Ireland and poor old EnglAnd in the way of the Budget. Mention had been made of the mess the Government had got into through mis- management. There was no doubt that the man at the head of affairs, according to that most amiable Conser- vative, the Hon. George Kenyon, was not gifted with sufficient discretion to find out the right men to fill the right places. Mr. Balfour certainly ought not to be where he was, but at the head of the Established Church. He had made some excellent appointments of bishops— (laughter)—but great mistakes in the selection of men to fill the Government offices. (Hear, hear.) They trusted he would put a man in the late Mr. Hanburv's place who would be able to fill it as well as Mr. fan- bury had done. Referring to the Education Act, Mr. Jones pointed out what was. being done in North • Wales. Through the instrumentality of Mr. Lloyd George the question of levying the rate had been deferred. It had decided to institute an inquiry into the sanitary condition of the voluntary schools before taking over the manage- ment under the new Bill. If any of them had read Mr. Winston Churchill's to the Conservative Association they would be perfectly satisfied that the Government was condemne4 from the head to the sole of the foot. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Jones referred to a character in Dickens's "Hard Times" who found a muddle every- where, as being the experience of everyone who studied the workings of the present Government. The question was not so much what the Government had done or were doing, but what the Liberals were going to do to help to replace them. Were they going to try, to remove at any rate one man who very faithfully fol- lowed the lead of Mr. Balfour—the member,for the Knutsford division? They had a gentleman ready to take the lead. Were they going to support him enthu- siastically and work with a will ? If they set to work energetically they could do .a good deal in the pro- gressive districts in which they resided to rouse enthusiasm, and there would be some chance of return- ing their friend, Mr. King, to the House of Commons. (Applause).

INTERESTING ADDRESS BY MR. KING.

Mr. King had a hearty reception on rising to slip- port the resolution. He should like,he said, to endorse everything the Chairman had so well said with regard to the late Mr. Hanbury. He thought it was well there were occasions on which they could show that their political antipathies did not affect their personal feelings and regard. If there was a member of the Government who tried to introduce the blessed word "efficiency "into his department it was the late Mr. Hanbury. He (Mr. King) was an absolute stranger to i most of them n Daresbury. It must be 30 years since he first came in touch with the place when visiting some of his relations in Warrington. On Saturday afternoons, he remembered,he spent much time in walking round Daresbury and other beautiful places in the neighbour- hood. The Knutsford Division was an awkward division from a Liberal point of view. It extended from the Cat and Fiddle on the east side almost to Runcorn on the west, and the means of cross-cAntry communic a tion were not all they might be. They in the easthad made up their minds to have an opportunity of record- ing their votes at the next election, cost them what it might. Many of them felt very much distresssd at the last election that they did not have the chance of voting against the Government. So strongly did he (Mr. King)feel the deprivation of his tights asa citizen,that he pledged himself to the committee of that division that, failing anybody else, they were at liberty to put him forward as a candidate at the next election. (Applause). They had much to contend with in that division. There • was an enormous landed interest. They could not expect the owners of these ancient halls and lordly parks to be anything but Tories. They were Tories by nature. But they were not in the majority, and the Liberals had a sufficient number of electors independent of them who ought to be able to turn the scales.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL MEETING AT DARESBURY. I MR. A. J. KING'S CANDIDATE.

Many years have elapsed since a Liberal meeting was held at Daresbury,which is considered one of the Tory strongholds in the Knutsford division. There was, however, a very fair attendance at the public meeting which was held in the Board Schools on Tuesday even- ing, at which Mr. Alfred J. King, C.C., the prospective Liberal candidate for the Knutsford division, delivered an address. Mr. George Rodger, provost of Selkirk, and formerly of Newton lank, occupied the chair and amongst those present were : Miss Bessie Dutton, Messrs. Josiah Longland, E. Lloyd Jones Charles Roylance, W. H. Sherburne, E. England, John Darby- shire, and Joseph Smith (Liberal agent.) i Mr. Roylance,in introducing the Chairman, said it was a pleasure to meet him on that occasion. He was sorry when they lost Mr. Rodger, because when he was , in their midst they always knew what he was doing,and where to find him. He was a true friend to the Liberal cause, and was looked up to by the whole of the neigh- bourhood as one of the leading lights. Although that, . meeting seemed a small one it was a select and an im- portant one. They were marching to the tune of pro- gress, and were determined to go ore. The cause was a , good one, and could not be beaten. It had done much for the nation' and the people generally. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Rodger then took the chair and called upon Mr. Smith to read a letter of apology for non-attendance from the Rev. J. S. Hughes. In doing so Mr. Smith said he hardly knew how to address the chairman for he believed he now occupied the honourable position of Provost of Selkirk. (Applause). Mr. Smith read the letter from Mr. Hughes and also said that had it not been for absence from home they would have had pre- sent Captain Crosfield, Mr. Z. Armitage and Mr. A. H. Crostleld. (Hear, hear).

THE CHAIRMAN'S SPEECH. THE LATE MR. HANSURY.

_ 1 The Chairman who had .a cordial receptionsaid it was with pleasure that he found himself again in their midst and surrounded by faces he knew so well. For 17 years he lived at Newton Bank and that was a good num- ber of years out of any man's lifetime. A man could not spend that number of years in a place without having c, ' a very warm interest, not alone in the locality but in every man and child he knew in it. His wife and family thought of it even more than he did, and they found much pleasure in living among them. They were met as a Liberal party, but he was sure, there was no one present who would not agree with him in saying that, notwithstand- ing the fact they were Liberals, they had a very great respect for their,competitors for the favours of the people. They would bear him out; when he said how sorry they were to learn of the death of Mr. Hanbury— (Hear, hear,)—who was 'one of the best men in. the Cabinet, and a man who showed himself determined to push farmers' advantages inevery way to the front. He , had done a great deal not perhaps in carrying through, so much as setting an example, as to what ought to be done by a Minister of Agriculture. He was sure they were all sorry to hear of his sudden death, and sympathised with his relatives in their great loss. There was no doubt that the Liberal party had been in the background , for a very long time, and that, possibly, was not good either for them- selves or the Conservative party. He rather thought they had been feeling that distinct setting back of the Liberals for the past7ls years as not redounding to the advantage of even the Conservative party. (Hear, hear.) They even found Conservative papers continu- ally grumbling, and they saw numbers of Conservative members voting against the Government of late. They had also obtained seats formerly filled by Conservatives, and votes for the Conservative candidates had been reduced; and those for the Liberals increased. Those facts point.tal to the same thing, namely, that whatever it was from, there was a feeling throughout the country that a change of Government might be of advantage to the people, and of course they, as Liberals, naturally thought so. That a change would be of advantage to the country went without saying. For a very consider- able time they had felt that the Conservative party had become "stale," and that there was a want of grip about them. Money was being wasted, and the watch- words of the Liberal party were perhaps more wanted now than ever before, namely, "Peace, retrenchment, and reform." (Applause).

MR. LONOI:i.ND AND THE EDUCATION :ACT.

Mr. Josiah Longland moved: "That this meeting congiemn.s the conduct of affairs by the present Govern- ment as contrary to the best interests of the British Empire, as reactionary and retrograde at home, and aggressive arid extravagant abroad." He was more concerned,he'said,with that part of the resolution which referred to the conduct of affairs at home. It 'did not require many words to convince them after what had been said by the friends of the present Government, as to the retrograde conduct 'of affairs at home. One of their -own supporters had discribed the Government as a Government of "mess, muddle and make-believe,"and they could not have a better instance of that than their action with regard to.the duty upon corn. (Hear, hear.) They were assured twelve months ago that the -corn duty was hot to -be a temporary measure. It was to be the co:nmencement of the widening of the basis of taxation and also that it would be paid,not by the people aehome, but by the foreigners. Aftor twelve months, however, the C utecellor of the Exe'requer had pro- posed the appeal of that duty for Cie reason that it • lent itself to misrApresentation." No greater mis- representation ceukThave been made than that the tax would be paid by the foreigner. (Hear, hear.) If it ' was paid by the foreigner, why were they giving the foreigner £2,500,000 ? They knew very well the tax had been paid bi the consumer. Then with regard to the Educatioa Bill,that waspassed without any warrant or mandate from the constituenc,ies by a Government elected on the question of the Boer war. The Government MIS returned to power for the purpose of settling up things in the Transvaal, but they had proceeded to bring in and pass by force one of the most revolutionary measures that had been passed in the last generation. One of the greatest of American presidents said that the aim of all good government ought to be government of the people, by the people, for the people. (Hear, hear.) How could they have that if the people wars not to be represented in the authorities which they constituted. They were assured also by some of the greatest supporters of the Government, and most .emi- tient members of the Cabinet, that the people would have the very .fullest control over the education of the country. The fullest control they had,seemed to be that they were entitled in an indirect fashion to select about one-third of the school managers. They had done away with School Boards as such, notwithstanding their assurance to the contrary, and now the ratepayers might elect men to Corporations and District Councils thinking that they had a knowledge of education and would make good members of the Education Committee, but they had no . guarantee that they would be on the Education Com- mittee because the authority elected the members of the Education Committee. Therefore, they had no con- trol over them or the actual expenditure of moneys. Tee education of the country should be a purely national affair. (Hear, hear.) Everybody was entitled to have the best education that tould be provided, so that all men had an equal chance. They had not yet had an opportunity of seeing how the educational bodies would work, but there was no doubt that in many instances, if the electors were asked to vote and to select men to represent them on the Education Co- mmittee they would select very different men to many who had already been elected. (Hear, hear.) The Government ought to have bought the schools or perhaps better still, ranted them. If they .had been rented the owners of the schools ought • not to have retained the control of them. He didnot agree to the introduction of dogmatic religious teaching in day schools. Sunday schools existed for that purpose, and parents and guardians of children were far more com- petent to give that religious instruction in their ovier home than could possibly be done in a -mixed school. If any religious education- was wanted to begiven, it should be given either after or before the ordinary work of the school. Perhaps in the evening would be better. The Education Bill was not a national Bill, and did not give the ratepayers the fullest control over education. Liberties which their forefathers fought for, and which they hoped to retain, had been infringed. Milton said that he valued the liberty to speak and utter freely beyond all liber- ties. But they would remember what took place dur- ing the recent war. The Prime Minister told them that if they- gave vent to opinions that were not in conson- ance with the general views of the people, they must expect to be interfered with. Was that the right to speak what they thought freely? It was desirable that they should be alive and do their best when the time canter, as it would do sooner or later, to return a representative for that division who would not only vote but speak also on the side of jus- tice. (Hear, hear). With regard to affairs abroad they only got out of the Venezuela "mess "with great difficulty, and it might have cost them the friendship of America. Referring to the sugar duties he said the cost to everybody who used sugar was Ld. per pound. The Government had since entered into a convention with Germany by which another id. in the pound would have to be put on sugar. There was scarcely te manufactured article of food but what contained sugar, and the imposition of the sugar duty had made a slight difference in the cost of these articles. With very little difficulty the Government could have made a difference in the remission of taxes by which they could have doneaway with the duty on sugar, but they had given if to the people whom they regarded as their friends in the shape of a large remission in the income tax. The Govern- ment had brought the income tax down from fifteen pence to eleven pence. They might have reduced the income tax to some extent and left enough to do away with the. duty on sugar. (Hear. .hear.) It behoved them to send representatives to Parliament. who would endeavour to carry out the old watch-words of "Peace retrenchment and reform." (Applause.)

MR. E. LLOYD JONES AND THE GOVERNMENT.

Mr. E El;;CijO-nes, in seconding the resolution, said everyone felt that the Government were on their last legs. . Mr. King: They ought to be. . Mr. E. Lloyd Jones: As had been depicted in a

===== 0002601_19030501_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DRINK INTEREST.

He understood in some parts of the division there were influences quite as powerful, more skil f ully and carefully organized for their own defence. He referred to the great drink interest—an interest whose fortunes were bound up with the fortunes of the present Government. He noticed that at a meeting of the trade at Preston, the Chairman, Mr. Groves, observed that they might trust the Government, and in fact he knew that they might trust the Government, which was largely dependent upon them,and was pledged to deal with their case at the first opportunity. There had been a great deal of excitement and panic in the country during the last few months. By a strange coincidence and while being absolutely disconnected with it, the magistrates awakened to & sense of their duty and their powers at the same time as the Government passed the Licensing Bill. The magistrates found that it wasquite possible for them to reduce the number of public-houses in distrlets where there were too many. The result of that had not been very great, only about 200 being taken away altogether,yet the "tnrie" got into a terrible state of alarm, and at the Rye election it was generally sup- posed that their influence went against the Government because they thought the Government had'something to do with it. The "trade"went to Mr. Balfour,andhe made a speech which he (the speaker) thought he ought not to have made. He went so far as not only to condemnthe bench of magistrates but attempt to bully and dictate to the Quarter Sessions as to what course they should take in revising the de- cisions of the magistrates. Then they had Mr. Butcher's Compensation Bill. He did not think any of them wanted to do anything unfair to any class of their fellow-subjects, but they were bound to look to the interests of the people as a whole. They could not get away from the fact that a terrible amount of misery and a great many unhappy homes were caused by the drink traffic. The 'drink bill wasl6OmillionssterlingorC4 per head of the population. As regarded co mpensati on,the y must lay down the rule that compensation must not be given out of the public funds, but out of the funds of • the trade." They must also lay it down that no act passed through Parliament should have the effect of conferring a legal property in a licence. (Hear, hear.) He was further of opinion ' that liceiising questions ought to be in the hands of direct representatives of the people. (Hear, hear.)

SOC lAL INFLUENCES.

In that division theyhad to fight against social influ- ences. He knew parts Of the -division where to be-a, Liberal was to be scarcely respectable, and to be a Radical was to. be outside the pale of civilization. (Laughter.) They Must be like Galileo and 'care for nothing of these things. There was nothing fighting so much on their side as the record of the past seven years of Tory rule. Turning to the

===== 0002601_19030501_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
FOREIGN AND COLON( AL POLICY

of the Government, he said that although Liberals were not agreed on the subject, the one point above all others which had brought him once more into the field of political action was the war in South Africa. He believed that war was an unnecessary one.. (Hear. hear.) What did the author now say about it? That it was the result of misunderstanding on both sides. There was not a misunderstanding whieh careful diplomacy ought not to have foreseen and avoided. (Hear. hear.) The war had been waged in the interests of capitalists in South Africa men who considered the British flag the greatest asset, but who cared very little for the honour OP that flag. He used to be able to remember the wars that this Government had waged,but they had now got so numerous that he had to write them down. They were now engaged on an expedition against the "Mad" Mullah, but personally he was not at all sure that the madness was all on that side. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) - He had not been abhi to find anyone who could tell him what business we had to be there at all. They were all grieved to hear of the disaster to some of the troops engaged in that expedition, but after all they had no business there. Of what use was that policy of imperial- ism to them? Solomon had said that the fool had his eyes on the ends of the earth, and the 'present Govern- ment seemed to have their eyes there. (Laughter.) Those who interested themselves in home affairs were termed C Little Englanders," but he thought the term was applicable the other way, because the great heart of I the nation was really at home and their island was the 'heart, and if the heart was not sound of what use was it to extend their dominions? It was said that those ' extensions of territory were necessary in order to find new outlets for markets. If they took the territory that had been acquired during the last 20 years they , found that the proportion of trade shipped to their own I colonies was rather a decrease than an increase in spite of it. Again, the Imperial policy was a frightfully ex- pensive business. When the Liberals went out of power in 1895 the combined cost of both branches (army and navy) was 46 millions per annum, but that , had now increased to 35 millions for each branch ' He thought it was Mr. John Morley who said it was a poor kind of insurance which practicallystarved the children in order to pay the premium. (Hear,hear.) Then there was the Budget. He was glad to see that the iniquitous and harassing corn tax had been done away with. It was not only a tax on the food of the people but a tax on some of the raw materials of indus- try. They had now removed it, and had also reduced the income tax. He did not want to impute bad motives, but a great Conservative paper had said that the back- bone of the Conservative party was the middle class income tax payer, and that nothing lesethan a reduction of 3d. in the pound in the income tax would stiffen the backbone. Well, they had taken off foutpence. They had still to pay duty on sugar, and they would have to i pay still more n consequence of the Sugar Bounties Convention. In order to assist a few planters of sugar in the West Indies,the Government had made an arrange- ment to increase the Value of sugar in this country a id. per pound which would cost the consumers some- thing like £8,000,000 per annum. This would not put one penny in the Exchequer but would perhaps put about £250,000 in the pockets of a few planters in the West Indies.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION.

Referring to the education question he said it had often been said that the only people who had done any- thing for education were the Establishedrhurch. As far as he could read history he found exactly the reverse was the case. So far back as 1807 a Bill was in the

House of Commons which, if passed, would have estab- lished national education throughout the country. It was a Bill to enable a school to be established in every parish on unsectarian lines, but it was throw* outin the House of Lords. However, the Lancasterian Society was formed, and for many years it did excellent work in founding undenominational schools. The Church party then took alarm and another society was formed with the title "The National Society for the Education of the Children of the Poor in the Principles of the Established Church." From that there was the en- deavour of the church to have control, and on the other side the endeavour to free education from the hands of the priests. The question of

===== 0002601_19030501_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOUR REPRESENTATION

was exciting a good deal of comment at the present time. There were people who seemed to be afraid of that movement, and thought it might injure the pros- pects of the Liberal party, but for his part he rejoiced to see that the working classes—or the labouring classes —were taking an interest in politics at all. If they could get more men in the House of Commons like Mr. Burns, Mr. Burt, and Mr. Fenwick, it would be better for the country and everybody. If with the introduc- tion of those new members there should be any unneces- sary antagonism to the Liberal party he would be sorry, because he felt that the principles which the Liberals supported were the principles which would benefit the masses. (Hear, hear.) All kinds of freedom in many things had been secured for the people by the Liberals in the past, and therefore he thought that there should be no antagonism between them and the Labour party. He for one would rejoice to see labour more strongly represented in the House of Commons. (Hear, 'hear.) The present Government was a Govern- ment of "mess, muddle and make,—believe," and incapable of any useful service to the country in the way of administration or legislation. They had failed in even the_primary duties for which a Government was formed. It was because their policy was guided by no fixed principles and inspired by no lofty ideals. They flattered themselves that the battle of Free Trade had been fought and won, but it was not so. They also fo Ind that they had also to pay rates to support a school over which they had not complete control, and which had two doors, one to go in and the other by which to go out into the Church. The control of the Commons over the public purse was becoming a solemn farces That and much more was the price they were paying for their political apathy, their ignorance and stupidity; and their neglect of the lessons of history, which would have taught them what to expect from a long lease of power to the Tory party. Let it be a.waming to them; and remember that the price of their liberties was eternal watchfulness, as they knew not when the next election would come. The evil the Tory party had done in seven years would not be undone in seven times seven years, and should they be allowed a further lease of power he doubted if it would be in the power of any Liberal Government to restore the country to its old proud position in the world. (Applause.) The resolution was unanimously carried.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
SPRING ERUPTIONS AND THEIR CURE.

Spring eruptions and spring langour are the great evils of the present season. Pimples and skin eruptions may be called "big,little things." They're little in size and big in effect. One little inflamed pimple is enough to spoil the look of some inches of fair skin. Pimples mean that the blood is loaded with impurities which require to bc expelled. The blood is the real seat of pimples, and this should be thoroughly cleansed. Charles Forde's Bile Beans purify the blood thoroughly, and not only purify the blood, but purify those sources of impurity—the diges- tive system and liver. It's no use to filter water if you run ip over mud again, and it's no use to purify the blbod if it is to be forced through a liver which will make it foul again. Miss Annie H. Gould, of 67 Spencer-road, Stoke Newington, says:—"l had nasty pimples and blotches all over my face and body, and I could not get rid of them. My blood was quite out of order, and as I got gradually worse, I came to be in avery bad state indeed. All day I felt tired, couldn't rouse myself to make any effort, had constant headache, and felt altogether wretched. I began to try Bile Beans,and within a few days they made an astonishing difference in me. My head- aches ceased, I grew stronger, brightened up, and the pimples and blotches disappeared entirely. They have never returned, and my skin is now quite clear." I All chemists stock Bile Beans at one-and-three-half- pence and two-and-nine per box. Don't accept any substitute.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
RESIGNATION OF ALDERMAN

SHAW GREEN.

Our readers, we feel sure, will hear with sincere regret, that Alderman Shaw Green has resigned his position as an alderman of the borough, in consequence of continued ill-health. • This step was reluctantly taken on the advice of , his medical attendant. By his resignation Alderm'an Shaw Green closes an active and honourable association with the Corporation of sixteen years' standing, and the town loses a public servant whose place it will be difficult to fill. He was first returned to the Town Council by the electors of the North-West Ward in Jubilee year (1887),and on the redistribution of the town into wards he became the representative of Bewsey Ward. One of Mr. Shaw Green4s earliest and most useful works as a member of the Connell was the part he took in the acquirement of and transfer to the Corporation of the r; Waterworks undertaking. This monopoly had long been in the hands ofa private company and it was felt that the time had arrived when the Corporation should have the control of the water supply in its own hands. Mr. Green's knowledge as an accountant enabled him to give valuable assistance in the negotiations which led to the acquirement of the undertaking and the subsequent promotion of the Corporation Water Bill in Parliament.

As Chairman of the Finance and Estate Committee, _Alderman Shaw Green was perhaps better known to the public. His yearly budgets were looked forward to with interest and he always succeeded in presentia a clear statement of the financial affairs of ttil; Borough. When he was unable, through ill- health, to present the Budget, a month ago, regret was not. only expressed inside the Coun- cil Ch i Chamber but n many quarters outside. Mr. Green also performed much useful work as Chairman of the School Attendance Committee and this was very. properly acknowledged last month when , the, committee ceased to exist and handed ' over its duties to the new Education Committee. It was a further tribute to his worth that the new authority should unanimously select him as Chairman of the Sub-Committee which will have the supervision of school attendance. Mr. Shaw Green also took an interest in the work of the Museum Committee, and was Chairman of the Library Sub-Committee, and a valuable member of the now defunct Technical Instruction SA-Committee-. He also fulfilled the duties of returning officer for St. Austin's Ward.

Alderman Shaw. Green's letter, resigning his posi- tion,.has been acknowledged with keen regret by the Mayor and the communication will be laid before the members of the Council at the first opportunity. If the Council follows the procedure of electing as alderman the Councillor who has given the longest cnitinuous service on the Corporation, it will fall to the lot of Councillor Arthur Bennett to succeed Alder- man Shaw Green as an Alderman of the Borough. This would create a vacancy in Howley Ward. • A reporter of the " Examiner" called upon Alder- man Shaw Green at his house in Winmarleigh-street on Friday afternoon, and had a brief chat with him. The alderman appeared to be slightly batter. . He talked freely of his resignation and stated that he deeply regretted that the state of his health had compelled I}im to sever his connection with the Corporation. He would have preferred, he said, to have remained in the Council .and defended himself 'against those who have sought-to cast opprobrium upon him. He was given to understand, he continued, that his impending re- moval from the town tO the country had been seized upon as a pretext for stating that he was removing in order to avoid the borough rates. No such motive, he added, was actuating him. He was removing to Latchford at the urgent request of his medical adviser and his family in the hope of recruiting his health.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
A BICYCLE MAKER'S CASE.

Diabetes is one of the worst forms of kidney disease. It is cured, time after time, by Dodd's Kidney Pills. Kidney disease sets up many troubles, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Lumbago, Backache,being some of the painful but less serious manifestations of disordered kidneys, Dodd's Kidney Pills constantly cure the worst forms of kidney troubles, and in the painful but less serious uric acid troubles they are certain.

Mr. Wm. Foulkes, of Sha.wbury, near Shrewsbury, a bicycle manufacturer, was cured of diabetes by Dodd's Kidney Pills, a year ago, and is now as welt as ever. He was certified by the doctor as suffering from diabetes and had all the symptoms—Weakness, loss of flesh,great thirst, drowsiness, etc. He has none of the symptoms to-day, and is steadily gaining weight. His improve- ment dated from the time he ban to take Dodd's Kidney Pills. This wonderful mediciue cures. Dodd's Kidney Pills will cure you. Fortunately dread diabetes does not strike everyone, but the kidneys set up illness contin- ually. If Dodd's Kidney Pills will cure the worst form of trouble, they ,are certain in their effects in less sprions kidney ailments.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. A. H. CROSRELD AT CANNES. GOLF WITH THE CANNES CLUB.

As our readers are probably aware Mr. A. H. Oros&ld has been for some time playing golf in Cannes, where he took a team of English golfeis to engage the local olub. There has not been much information received here as to the proceedings in this charming spot, but,pm article in a recent issue of" Golf Illustrated ." by Mr. H. H. Hilton supplies all wants. The article is chattily written and discourses at length on "A trip to Cannes." ' It is also acoompanied by an excellent portrait of Mr. Crostield. At the outset Mr. Hilton says :—" When H.I.H. the Grand Duke Michael of Russia, at the Open Championship meeting at Hoylake last year, requested Mr. Arthur H. Crostieldito take out a team of golfers to play against the Cannes Club in the follow- ing March, the request was readily acceded to. But there are many months between June, 1902, and IVlareh, 1903, and many things may happen in those months; but Mr. Crosfleld is a man who, when he has once made up his mind, seldom fails to accomplish his purpose. Early in the year he commenced getting his team together, and if he had succeeded in obtaining the ser- vices of all those originally invited, there would have been a ccmbination who would have been quite able to hold their own against any other band of amateurs in the world. The very names had quite a disturbing effect on the nerves of the secretarr of the Cannes Club, Colonel Woodward, who plaintively remarked, "Really, we don't want to play all Europe." His plaint was heard, as Robert Maxwell, John GOFF, and T. M. Hunter could not manage the journey. Charles Hutching was, unfortunately, again disabled, and at the last moment Osmund Scott was unable to come a.crpss from Biarritz. Still, with the Hoylake trio at the head, and T. R. T. Tarver as fourth man, there was the nucleus of a good team. As events turned, out, not quite good enough to carxy away the Challenge Trophy —presented by H.I.H. the president—but still suffi- ciently strong tb save their honour in a halved match. Cannes is a truly delightful place when you arrive there, but I think that all those who travelled across on Sunday will agree with me when I say that the journey is not quite so delightful. True, the sea was in a most kindly mood, but the spirit of unrest seemed to have entered the body of that wretched train as it appeared to be performing all sorts of acrobatic feats out of pure wilfulness, particularly when the wanderers were.trying to snatch a few hours' rest. But there is an end to everything and it was with a feeling of greatrelief to all when at last we reached Cannes. A short rest, and we were away to the links. First impressions are invariably a great factor in the opinions one forms of a links; and personally I must , say that the first impression was a very favourable one. llt was an extreme4ly agreeable surprise to find really good green turf where anticipations had suggested hard- baked turf of an entirely different colour. The turf certainly was hard, and troubled one or two of us con- siderably, particularly when pla.ying from the tees; but by degrees we became acclimatised to the peculiar con- ditions, and any little failings could not in any way be accredited to the links, as they were in excellent con- diti on, and it was quite possible to play very fine golf upon them, as John Ball, jun., demonstrated during the week."

The play in the matches against the Cannes Club, is described at length, the writer thus referring to the performince of Mr. Crosfleld in the singles :—" The captain of the team, Arthur Crosfield, who, owing to not being able to give the same attention to the Royal and ancient game that he usualljr does, was not particu- larly confident as to his ability to stand the assault of his opponent, Harry Bacon; but he rose to the occasion manfully, as he always does when chances appear against him, and finished with a substantial balance in his favour, and it may truthfully besaid that the greater the task the better he tackles it." SINGLES.

CANNES. MR. CROSFIELD'S TEAM. A. C. Edwards 0 John Ball, jun 1 G. W. Hillyard H. J. Whigham 1 J. Graham, jun. G. L. M. Boyd Captain Saunderson 0 C. F. Hutton 1 H. Bacon 0 A. H. Crosfield 1 N. L. Doherty H. Topham

FOUR-BALL MATCHES. Edwards and Hillyard ... 0 Ball and Hilton Whigham and Boyd 1 Gra lam and Taryer ... 0 Saunderson and Bacon 0 Hutton and Crosfield... 1 Doherty and Topham

After the play the visiting team were entertained to dinner at the Cernle de l'Union.

The Grand Duke, in a most happy speech, gave Mr. Crosfield's team a kind and cordial welcome. He ex- pressed his pleasure at se b eino, th them ere,and he hoped to have the pleasure of seeing them out there onanother occasion. He also, in an equally kind manner, proposed Crosfleld's health, as captain of the team.

Mr. Crosfteld, in reply, thanked his Tmperial Highness for the cordiality of his welcome, for all the kindness and forethought he had shown them. To his old friends, Mr. Ryder Richardson and Mr. Janion, he was indebted for helping him to get together a team to try conclu- sions with the Cannes Club. It had been a pleasure to assist in arranging this match. After alluding to the due course which—thanks to Colonel Woodward's inde- fatigable efforts—had been provided for the visitors, and the unique charm and attraction of golf at Napoule, Mr. Crosfield described the club as the most representa- tive in the world. At that moment it wasperhapimore representative than even Cannes had ever been before. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Wigham, they all knew, had spread the game north, south, east, and west, and not long since he had been playing over a links in Persia, where the hazards were chiefly formed out of the ruins of Nebuchadnezzar's palace. One member of his own team had even carried the game further afield, for the Hoylake, when formerly occupying an important diplomatic position as Consul for the Sandwich Islands, introduced the game there; and the Queen of Sheba— (laughter)—he begged pardon—of Honolulu was so interested that he understood she and the Consul had a game together, which she greatly enjoyed. He had before ventured to suggest, and he now repeated his suggestion, that if an artist with the necessary imagin- ation were available, this interesting event should be commemorated by a portrait on the walls of the Royal Liverpool Club of their secretary and her dusky majesty in fall native garb. (Loud laughter.) Mr. Crosfield again thanked his Highness their president on behalf of his team and himself for a delightful visit.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
EGYPTIAN-SUDAN MINERALS.

Geological and other Reports on the Property owned by the Company.

The following are extracts from a report by C-aptair McCormick on the property of the Egyptian-Sudm Minerals, Limited:—

"Darenth Castle, March 23, 1903. "I enclose areport and plan on your property. I am bagging all the ore from Lake's Shaft, and, should it be required, could send a sample home... I will not write you any further account of the developments of these mines, as the report herewith gives every particular. "Road to Red Sea.—Mr. Jennings Bramley (the Government officer attached to the party) has marked down for me a road to the Red Sea which passes a per- manent spring of water. The distance would be about 00 miles. I will explore this route, and report on it at an early date. During the past three days I have 'been out with Mr. Bramley exploring the Waddies that run into the Waddy Alkakli,in the Jebel Elba concession,and found about five miles from the Alfowie Mines equally import- ant old workings in the Wady Nefrium. The ancients have worked an immense lode of quartz from the bottom to the top of a jebel about 500 ft. high for a distance of 800 yards or more. The ancients have worked an immense open cut right along the entire course of the lode, and have filled up their working with the tailings and ore they have not crushed. I got colours in pan samples, and can only conclude, froin the enormous amount of work done, that this 014 Nefrium mine is quite as im- portant as Alfowie, which it in nearly every way resembles. Any party. exploiting Alfowie could at the same time explore this mine. There is abundance of water at Kamultel within four miles. We get our drink- ing water from this place. "Mr. Kay reported at lunch that he has coming in at the bottom of his shaft another and much wider lode, which carries nice prospects. Lake's vein carries now visible gold wherever von break it from, and, in my opinion, will widen with depth, and when it junctions with one of the flat lodes which seem to run at regular intervals from the main lode, as per plan will be very rich"

To summarise a report by Mr. G. Graves Gifford: (1) It is conclusively shown that the ancients worked on very rich shuts of gold, and that they extracted all the gold they were able to do. (2) The old workings are in too dangerous a state for further working in them. (3) Examination of the lodes proves the con- tinued existence of gold in them. (4) For reasons given above, only a portion of these extensive workings have been explored and surveyed. (5) The work now in progress is designed to open up the lodes below the deepest part of the ancient workings. (6) In the new shafts leaders have been met with, especially in Lake's Shaft, of such a nature as to afford us every encourage-, ment and satisfaction, and to indicate the extreme pro- bability that, when the lodes are cut in the lower levels, the rich shuts of gold which have, been worked above will be found again at. a depth. In conclusion, may I say that we have the fullest confidence in trusting tha. the rate of progress we have made, and the pleasin results which we are able to report, will afford th directors every satisfaction. " Camp.lVlarch 20, 1903 g TRY ALLEN'S FOOT EASE

a powder to be shaken isito ihe—shCes—. Your feet feel swollen, nervous, and damp, and get tired easily. If yon have aching feet, try Allen's Foot-Rase. It rests the feet and makes new or tight boots easy. Cures hot, swollen, sweating feet, blisters and gallons spots. Re- lieves corns and bunions of all pain, and gives rest and comfort. Try it to-day. Of all Chemists and Stores. Price is 10. Accept no substitute, Bent post free for / is. 10. Trial paokageFßßlL—Address ALLEN Bolmated, 14, Silver-street, Bloomsbury Square, London.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
I? 677=', .' .„1 : I :: t.A i „;,11,11.

SUIT, measure for •S. va. per Wet, For 56. down, and 7 roort; PaYments of 5. each, roakte's total of 40s. for a suit you! .0% sailor would charge you 6vg* ?ou can have our well-knovi-ti e 6p cORONATIONS.Ser.„a In Blue, Black, or GreY°',f Send tc-day for patterns and se measurement forms, to C. E. WRIGHT and 11,.°' 649, Attercliffe-rd,, Sheffie'o'l Carriage paid on all orders. ioo guarantee all goods to smart, and well-made. Please mention this paPer'

CURES when all other Remedies fail

IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC dot RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBilln AND sODH The Worst Corns and BunioOto It Softens and Removes all hard callosities °OOl soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, 31013 never regret it. Boxes 1/1.. of all Chemists. BEETHAM & SON. ehemists, CHELTENHAM'

- . ~ ,t, \i• 408 '' y Y '1 iir •". "' ' is 'illi q 0, \ , \ \ , 1 .;,,, tr.. #0 , _ f

00055 115' die 00.• if

===== 0002601_19030501_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
. , i , ~ . . '‘l6lbllit.' - ~,, . _. _ _ . :. . _ .......*.A.,,,L,,,,,, •

===== 0002601_19030501_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
k p latreet t%°lltri 14140,1 kldre

ke"et

===== 0002601_19030501_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE

FIXTURES.

WIDNES.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Points. 1902 For Agst Beo 6 Runcorn 13 Batley 20 Salford 27 Halifax home 2 7 Leigtl away 3 6 11 Hull ... 18 Oldham away 518 n, 2b Broughton Rangers ... away 0 8 "V 1 Hull Kingston Rovers home 9 0 8 Hunslet away 5 5 15 willan home 0 2 2„..8 Swinton away 7 8 13 4,1 Bradford ",5 Hudaerstield away 7 5 q Warrington 41-1 Brighouse Rangers 1903 27 St. Helens home 8 0 4" 1 Oldham , home 2 6 Runcorn home 3 0 10 Batley away 0 9 4,4 Halifax p, 0 1 Lehth home 10 2 Salford 7 Hull away 011 14 Pup Tie, Runcorn It 28 Hull King.ton Rovers ...... al' 14 Wigan away 6 0 81 Swinton home 2 0 26 Hunslet. 428 Bradford away nlO Pt' 4 Huddersfield 11 Warrington 13 Broughton Rangers 18 Brighouse Rangers .. home 5 5 45 St. Helens away 3 8

===== 0002601_19030501_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN. FIXTURES AND SOOU4

FointS lgoz For Not ap home 15 5 1 Hunslet 6 Widnes 13 Bradford n Huddersfield home 8 0 27 Warrington uet 14 13rigbouse Rangers Helensaway 0 18 Swinton home 13 2 Nov 1 Salford 8 Halifax al5 Leigh 22 Hull 13 Hull K Rovers home 21 0 a 26 Batley 27 Wigan away 3 2 1903 3 Widnes •14n 10 Bradford 24 Warrington home 18 31 Brighouse Rangers away 3 web 4 Huddersfield 7 St Helens home 19 0 14 Cup Tie. Widnes 21 Birkenhead Cup Tie home 18 0 24 Swinton 28 Salford Sr 4 Broughton Rangers home 9 3 .t Leigh 7 Maryport A home 11 2 18 Oldham home Oldhamli 2 1 I-lull away postponed 21 Halifax 25 Halifax Oldham home 0 3 ,2S Hull Kingston Rovers 13 Batley home 13 8 42 Hunslet away 9 6 „44 Broughton Rangers away 0 5 home 8 3 ‘•• Wigan

===== 0002601_19030501_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS. rIXTURES AND SCORES.

se 190% Points Pt For agst 6 13 a radford . Dr, Wuddersfleki "u W arrington r, 27 home 518 n ,ct —righouse Rangers 4 Swinton home 610 Il Runcorn 18 Batley .. away 4 7 25 Salford home 9 5 Floy 1 Halifax 8 Leigh 15 Hull away 4 3 , 22 Oldham home 0 3 ,3. 6 Hull Kingston Rovers away 3 9 13 Hunslet away 3 9 20 Wigan home 5 6 190327 Widnes Jill 1 Batley home 7 5 3 Bradford away 214 • 10 Huddersfield home 513 24 Brighouse Rangers 11,0)314 82vinton home 0 7 away 3 15 14 Runcorn away 019 " CUD Ille, Warrington .. ...... 21 Narrow Cup Tie home 2 8 Warrington Nl_ 44 Halifax " 7 Leigh away 7 5 .1.4 Hull home in 8 Broughton Rangers 413eQ1 Oldham away 013 14, kill Kingston Rovers home 2 6 Hunslat home 5 5 13 Salf ii, ord ,*, if ig a a sway 5 3 '. Widnes

P,S. A ". Meeting. 4,,tieWtell-attended meeting of the Warrington P.S.A. ~...114'eetS„was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sanii.ey- milltriLs'n Sunday. Mr. Smith presided. Mr. Ford ,bittli„llted two solos on the clamonet, which were ~ "'kir -vPreciated, and Mr. Sherlock gave a cap!. al %a on " The Christian Race."

054X1 bt, tit crAt FA ILURES.—ACCOrding to "1( 111P's

A MDR)... - )4? Ndir Gazette." the number of New BankruP_,_tnY alialss in Engind and %Vales gazetted during Lae klneepo'nigApril 25th was 78. The number in the v.rbaasTillng week of last year was 70, showing */1 "I 8, being a net increase in 1903, to date, 18*

a 44A splendid

===== 0002601_19030501_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
ironer."

What woman isn't proud of such a compliment? A good house must have a good foundation the foundation of ironing is starching. If the starch is good—if it's Colman's Starch—the ironing is sure to be all right: the kind a woman is proud of. Don't say you can't iron if you haven't tried

===== 0002601_19030501_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
e '111"51:- ,;43 -* 65.4 r 4 ; A

Zee .... Lnat Coirnan,s 1‘14111,3 and

a Sol 4 in Cardboard Boxes.

the Bull's Head are on the Box.

;.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
witAiii ri -,. --, - . ,„,,_ .

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS,

ANYBODY who knows enough can learn some- thing from anybody else. Mits. HOPEWELL: "But, George, what is a brio- let diamond?" Mr. Hopewell: "One like a pear." Mrs. Hopewell; "Well, then, George, why not buy me a pair and have done with it." AN AFTERTHOUGHT.—Visitor : "Is there any- thing I can do for you?" Prisoner: " You might send me a file of newspapers—or any old file." Tall HARDEST PART.—Uncle: "So ye've been stu,iyin' art, hey? Well, hey ye learnt the busi- ness ?" Nephew: "Not quite, uncle. I haven't leart,ed how to sell my pictures yet." ltS. SKIMPEN : " .1 think Mr. Smith must have liked he beefsteak pie. He had two helpings of it." The Tactless Boarder: "Possibly he did it for a war." IN DIsPUTE.—" I understand they fell out the day .f:er they were married." "Yes. The new - p ,i.erA Ivo a column notice of their wedding, and they .i•,puted as to whether it was because of the p of his family or of hers." bINGLEBY "Oh, you needn't feel so UOeli.You're not the only girl in Peckham." FlAsnteigh : "No, I'm not the only girl in Peckhain who has publicly announced that she wool,in't have you if you were the last man on

• I vioi-cliur you believed in training girls for I, lamer than business affairs.' "So I do." "And vet your daughter is learning type- writing." "Yes, but that's an exceptional case. Th , poor girl hasn't enough aggressive inde- pelidenc to be a cook." Too SMALL—The Qaeen once induced Count Schouvaloff, the Russian statesman, who was her guest, to try a game of golf at Balmoral. The Magjoth (JO try, but after innumerable misses %lig turned ity.iLd to one of the bystanders and tiaid : " Aeh, monsieur, it would ba a very nice game if the ball were ten times larger. Now let us go home.' SAVED.—As he was abaub to sink for the third time, he of course recalled everything in his past life. His countenance radiated with joy. "Ah ! " he exclaimed ; "since I now remember whab it was my wife told me to get to-day, I have no further occasion to drown." And he swem ashore. "WHAT if I were one of those husbands, my dear, who get up cross in the morning and bang things about and kick everything over just because the coffee is cold?" "John," responded his wife, "1. would make it hot for him." As her words admitted of more than one interpretation, John said nothing about the coffee. "DID you know that Miss Bjones was going to marry young Smith ?" "I knew it; but I cannot understand how a girl as intelligent as she is cat constrt to marry a man stupid enough to want on marry her." WISHED IT WAS.—" lb lb unutterably sad," she said, "unutterably sad," and went on talking about it. "I wish it was," remarked her husband, when he had a chance to speak. "Was what!" she inquired in astonishment. "Unutterably sad," and there was a lull. Lir CROSS PURPOSES.—"Biffies is a pleasant sort of chap," remarked one young man. 'I don't like him," said the other. "He's too egotistic." "It's merely a matter of impression. You judged him from his manner that he's egotistic and you feel resentful. He judges from your manner that you think he's egotistic, and he resents your self- opinionated fashion of jumping at conclusions. It's a mig:Ake all round."

SINGLETON : "Have you ever experienced the supreme joy that comes from finding in your pocket half-a-crown that you didn't know you had 7" 132nedict "No ; but my wife has upon several occasions."

" I TELL you," observed Mr. Oldboy, who was in a moralising frame of mind, "it takes a great that of courage to say No." "You're always brave enough to say it when I ask you for money," said Mrs. Oldboy. - . -

" THe average life of an engine only thirty years ?" said an astonished passenger. " Wily', Euoh a tough-looking thing ought to live longer than that." " Well, ' said the driver, "perhaps it would if it didn't smoke so much."

THE TRUE CONDITION.—Briggs: "D) you be- lieve that the world is divided into two clam,,os those who borrow and those who lend ?" Grig:4l: "No, sir. My experience is that two other clasees are much more prevalent—those who want to borrow and those who won't lend." NI RS. WORRYTON : "I wish I could fathom sometning whereby I could keep my husband at home at nights." Mrs. Sootherson : " G.3t, him a bicycle." Mrs. Worryton : "That would take him out more than ever." Mrs. Sootherson : "O'i, no, it wouldn't. My husband got on the other day, and the doctor says he won't be out for a month.

laN old Highlander, on his first visit to Glasgow, was fi dig his pipe, when he was approached by a match boy with the usual "Lights, sir ?" Toe Jid man innooently took the box from. the boy, ex- tracted a match, lit his pipe, and handing the bix b Ink to the astonished lad, passed on with the re- mark: " Weel, weal, what a wonderfu' place Glas- gow is tae be sure 1" BlmPsorT had refused t 6 get his ivife a new hat, and shortly afterwards his little girl came in and said: "Mamma, will you buy me a monkey to play with when you go to town?" "No, my darling. Wait till you are older, and then marry one, as I did," replied the grief-stricken wife, her tears bursting forth afresh. ArrEtt he had kissed her and presmed her roq cheek against his, and patted her soft round chin, she drew back, and asked: "George, do you shave yourself?" "Yes," he replied. "I thought so," she said. "Your face is the roughest I ever--" Then she stopped, baf it was too late, and he nuL away with a cold heavy lump in his breast. PREPARING FOR IT—Husband: "My dear, 1 want to ask you one favour before you go off on that long visit." Wife: "A thousand, my lovd. What is it?" Husband: "Don't try to put I tin house in order before you leave." Wife: " isn't -hard work." Husband: "Perhaps not; t thinksof the expense of telegraphing to you every time I want to find anything."

"JOHNNY," said the farmer, "go down cellar and draw a pitcher ot that sweet ‘.l:ler. Take a candle with you." " Dm% n3ed no caudle," said Johnny. " Ah, my little man," .airi the minister, who was staying over night, "I.r.vi .owit have quite an accurate judgment. to have Intel (me pitcher in the dark without it running over." " Aw," said Johnny, "it ain't no trick ar. When it got up to the first joint of my n. 4AOJ I atopped.' HE had proposed to the idol of his hart, but things failed to come his way. "Di vou kdow," he said as he was leaving her preaenue tor .v..r, "that you are wringing my heart from my boi ? " "Possibly." she answered, coldly, " but it eittior that or marry you and wring the bosoms from our shirts in after years." Seeing the CASH less, the party of the first part lit *a oisaketto duo wandered hence into the hither.

ONE stormy day, not long ago, a vegq.ll ing potatoes. A cart from the country cam:, kiiig Bide of her, ead the driver proceeded to empty hi.s load into the ship's hold. Wnen he had thiishe.i, he was invited by the npite to warm anti dry him- self at the galley fire, and to eat a piece of pork and a ship's biscuit, tlke latter as hard a a filo% The driver ate the pork with a relish, without touching thd buscuit. When he had finished he handed back the indigestible biscuit to toe mate, with the remark: "Many thanks, sailor man, there's your plate 1"

Changes on the North-Western Railway. Mr. Emmett, superintendent of the Waggon De- partment of the London, and North-Western Railway at Earlestown is retiring from the company's service in August, and is to be sneceeded by Mr. H. D. Earl, present manager of the Crewe Works. Mr, Treve_ thick, son of the first locomotive superintendent o the North-Western Railway, will be Mr. Earl's sucf- cessor as works manager, and Mr. Honifray, of Carlisle, will probably take Mr. Trevethieles place as assistant manager.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0142.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NIEL

===== 0002601_19030501_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

uNcE:-;-sTnEET (WIDNEs) V. Br: L'N,W IC ( UN- coßs.)—The return match between the above teams was pl2.yed at Widnes last Friday evening. Brunswick held the advantage for a time, but the Widnesians gradually pulled up, a close and exciting match ending in favour of the last named by 14 wins to 13, with 4 draws. Score :

PLILNCES-STREET. WINS. DRAWS. AVINs 2 J. Hall 0 .1. L. Norman 0 1 'l'. Whinyates 0 S. Ellison 3 0 C. Sage 1 G. Renshaw 3 H. Ackerley 2 W. Hill 1 H. Lice 0 F. Wiles 4 T. Whin:;,-ates 0 AV. A. Lightfoot 0

UNSW ICE

,74 7 :15751...Z-V1325AWAZ7.77077: ZlNlreetZireifangWri-aa ;;Z:t i 1 1 , 01 rill4l PROCK ! 1 5t,,.. •:. A . - 46 i - =7 i

1-47.v-11L-wks

This Frock is one of the rncst won- derful zmarnples of vse that vas ever lt upon the market. THE o.N. 'NOCK:ABOUT FFt 3 C.: V. . ougn w oar, .11 over th o id.. -dewith long full sleeves ,d pocket. in J.N. Apecial Zibeline he Royal Hopsack • J.N.Cneviotberge. Ingtils and Prices 37 80 kd ins. 215 3/- 3/6 ea. 89 42 45 ins. 4/6 5/- 5/6 ea. ,rringo 4d. extra.

FULL DRESS LENGTH 11 or Special Zibeline or Royal Hopsack (48 ins. wide), or of J./CP] /ASei go (32 ins ) Gyds. 1; for 7 6 Carriage Stl.l / .-oex. The best looking and best wearing Fabrics ev..T sold at such a 11 low price. • LADIES COSTUME SKIRTS Excellently made with inverted or box•pleat back inJ.N.Zibeline,g /RH c peso k, or Serge. Price 5/13.",/ "'Carnage, 5 cl. - -

LADIES' IDI6 COSTUMES Coats and Skirts or Bodice and Skirts are also wipolied in Zibe- 4 n ig line, Hopsack, Of Serge. Carriage •-•••/ 6d. extra Colours ot all th above are Hello, Turquoise, Electric, Old Rose, Sage Green, Brown, Grey, Navy I lack, :i.e. LATEST CATALOGUE FREE.

The Examiner, Friday, May 1, 1903. FASHIONS OF TO-DAY. i

Now that the modes have become more settled one cannot but be struck with the fact that save in the details of dress and a tendency towards exaggeration, the fashions of this year do not differ very greatly from those of last season. It is true that the line of the shoulder and upper arm is more closely defined, and that the fulness below the elbow is greater than before, but the skirts, however full they may be, still closely define the lines of the figute and are as graceful as ever. It is in the trimming of the gown and the deep- ness of the fanciful cuff which keeps the ful- ness from coming close over the hand that the hall mark of this season's dress is to be

.....z7.,.....,-....ft,. ill 4, {`,:,-:i•-•-,.', !Ai 1, ' . ~.....)4. _.,.z.,....., ..._ Pt i i" A -,.• j; i ;.r.t.".:.:A K. 4) ~. ~ ~',' ' fir.,,, ~,),,r (1 ~,,I' xi i:I l' , World.Aladewi. , 1 .:,.., V.: --- t i, & . i *kr' Lei 1 8 2- 36 3,. I -4/- 4: N. Cay A

- ROOK •!,` -" trmiLLs. MANCHESTER'.

, .. ~ , - ,:--,,„ f.I. ,4., --:-•-• IS.?"'IN4t.--A. 1' ' s'-'..- ' , .. .., , 0, .4 ' Cr:* %ie. I t .1140 • " . IP:4::, ~2,...., .... . , ,fr .....t ~, , - Wiej,"; voiii,, . , , lAimars 110 ~ , ? fil , .1111111 \k 1 a ~_ __ ; , 1:1°1111tVII #0 4": ii, • 'ii, ti.? , t 1 0,, - ,1111116 \ %

===== 0002601_19030501_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

rafeir Majesties' visit to Scotland for the purpose of holding Court at ancient Holyrood, was talked about a year or more ago, and it seems strange that the Palace should have been allowed by the Board of Works to remain in an unsanitary condition. Lord Leven the Lord High Commissioner, would hardly have declined to reside at Holyrood on this account, during the sitting of the General Assembly, had it not been that the Palace is in an unfit state for habitation.

.... No one can doubt that the splendid new Railway Hotel in Princes-street affords more comfortable quar- ters and surroundings, but Scottish sentiment is justly offended that, whilst enormous sums are spent upon Windsor Castle, Buckingham Palace, and Marlborough House, Holyrood Palace should have been left in such a neglected condition as to be dangerous to the health of people staying i,there. If Lord Leven Melville is justified in refusing to sleep under its roof, the Palace can scarcely be in a proper state to receive their Majesties, even for the purpose of holding brief Court ceremonies.

Lady Francis Balfour, who protested so strongly against the Lord High Commissioner removing his Court from Bolyrood to a Railway Hotel, is a sister-in-law of the Prime Minister, and of H.R.H. the Duchess of Argyll. It is therefore pretty certain that he protest will not be in vain, and that as soon as possible the drains and sanitary arrangements at Holyrood will be put into proper condition. The Palace could not, of course, be transformed into a desirable place of residence, from a modern point of view. Such alterations would destroy its historic-1 treasures, and even if they were possible. Holyrood has been spoiled, just the same as the Tower of London, by modern surroundings. When these places were the seats of State and power, there was no such science as that of sanitation, and since that time both Holyrood and the Tower of London have become submerged in working class districts where the scenes of ancient Royal revelries are now crowded with breweries, gas works and factories. The new premises of the Royal School of Art Needle- work, are very magnificent and several members of the Royal Family were present at the opening ceremony, at which the Prince and Princess of Wales presided. The show-room, the work and class-rooms are all spacious and well lighted as are also the kitchens and dressing- rooms. Princess Christian has taken a very practical interest in the fitting up of the building, and opened the exhibition by the Company of Broiderers,which WEIS the first to be held in the new premises. It is also hoped that either the Princess of Wales or Princess Christian will be able to open the exhibition of the Home Arts and Industries Association, which will he held at the Albert, Hall on May 2.lst, The wearing of egret plumes is the subject of a fresh protest by the Society of the Protection of Birds—To seethe susceptibilities. the great majority of emporiums adopted the rule of soiling all osprey plumes as imita- tion, or artificial ones, but an investigation carried out by the Society showed that practically all the plumes on sale at the leading drapery establishments in London, were real ospreys. They were bought in the ordinary way, and with one or two exceptions, the saleswomen assured the purchaser that they were artificial,but after- wards Professor Ray Lankester' to whom they were submitted, declared them °neural all to be the feathers of the egret taken at the time when the death of the parent bird means the starving to death of the young ones. It would therefore seem that the only course open to women who desire to put down this practice, is to refuse to wear these plumes, no matter what may be said as to their origin. For wear with linen or hollandmorning gowns, there are being built canvas coats in ivory and 4cru tints trimmed with coarse crochet braiding. These little coats are quite short, reaching only to about two or three inches below the waist, shot silk being the lining usually employed. Linen promises to be one of the most fashionable of stormier fabrics, trimmed with coarse lace.

In en-tout-eas handles, the round knob and the crutch varieties are in greatest favour,and as regards materials mother of pearl, and tortoiseshell take front rank. Silver handles are no longer tolerated by the best dressed women. In the first place they are much too popular to please "exclusive folk, and then they spell ruin to all white or light coloured gloves. Anything eccentric is passed over this year, being deemed, and rightly so, out of place and vulgar. Hats for country and river wear are many and varied. The old type of sailor is still to be seen, so also is the French matelot sailor, but in leading establishments, the perfectly flat plate shape ranks first, in this particular kind of headgear. No trimming of any kind is permitted for such a hat, but it is raised more or less sharply on the left side with a bandeau formed of ribbon or flowers. The new sunbonnet, built of frilled muslin, with long strings, and a " curtain " behind, is both pretty and becoming, but it is likely to be much too popularas% the summer advances to 'be considered good style. _ .

----"American Household Management" was the subject of a lecture the other day by Miss G. Stewart, at the Women's Institute in London. No doubt the Americans are much more advanced than we are in labour saving methods and appliances, but these often mean a sacrifice of comfort or healthfulness that we should not like to put .up with. Thus their system of heating all the rooms with hot water pipes, and radiato' is from one furnace in the basement, which is attended to by an out- Ale man, night. and morning, saves an immense amount of work, but it is not nearly so healthy as the open fires and flues. They also save a good deal of work by using a common washing basin, in the bathroom,instead' of providing water and washstands bleach bedroom, but then this differs little from washing at the sink, which is not a practice that one cares to adopt. Another device that is common in American houses, is to have the kitchen and dining room adjoining, with a sliding panel or "buttery latch," through which the plates and dishes are passed. This is a convenience, but it generally means that the conversation can be heard equally as well in the kitchen as in the dining room. Most of these "improved methods " havertheir drawbaCks, and after all, the secret of successful house- hold management may be summed up in a very few words, namely" do not live in a larger house than you can easily manage." As an introduction to the NewHisotory Reader, a book of stories from English history,*ritten for quite young childt,m has been published by Messrs. Macmillan."rhe stories told range from the days of King Arthur, to the crowning of King Edward, last year. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
PILES AND INDIGESTION CURED.I •

Do not neglect PILBS. Fistula may follow. KBUTY'S CURB is the only safe and effectual remedy for inward, out- ward. and bleeding Plies or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and causes them to disappear like magic. It is a positve cure for tbe most acute forme of Chronic Indiges- tion. One bottle will convince you, price Is. lid. Soldby BOOTS and all Chemists.

Post paid from KEIITY AND CO., HALIFAX.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
A SMART COATES:

noted. The trimmings consist of gauging, tassels, fringes, and lace motifs and insertions, while the short sac-like bolero, to which by constant association our eye has been trained to approve, (is distinguished by its capes and collars. I have seen and admired some very smart little coatees of this order made of biscuit or putty-coloured chine silk accordion pleated with frills of chiffon to match inter- mingled, and a collar of lace of the same tone. These coatees were generally finished in front by long ends either of a stole-like description or made of the accordion pleated silk finished by lace or a silk fringe. A bolero of this style is very useful for afternoon wear, whether walking or driving, for it can be worn over any sort of bodice and with almost any description of skirt. A smart specimen Is gilitn in my sket:ll, Of courge to some People such a lone of colour would not prove becoming, and I should in such a case recom- mend that black silk should be substituted, or, if preferred, silk of the same shade as the skirt which accompanies it. Still tha biscuis colour _is really smarter and looks cool and nice in summer -worn with a voile skirt of the same tone and a tucked tulle oitoque. _

Blue is a very fashionable- colour this season, and there are some very smart toilettes 'pi this shade, a touch of black being generally introduced into the scheme of colour. Indeed Madame La Mode who has smiled so approvingly upon that graceful flower, the fuschia, likewise approves of the

curious, but lovely, red and blue colour of this flower for a complete toilette whether used in a harmonious combination or taken singly. In the realms of millinery there are some smart hats for both morning and after- noon wear. There is the absolutely flat round, hat, which takes the place of the sailor hat, and looks very modish when worn with the hair dressed. high. To be correct it should be tilted slightly over the face. ,It is best suited to a round plump face and a piquante style, and should not be worn by anyone with a long thin face. Another simple and smart little straw hat is the canotier with the brim at either side turned up sharply or when preferred the brim is turned .up at one side only. A rosette or bow of ribbon and occasionally a feather forms the trimming. _

A pretty picttire hat is depicted with a graceful and undulating brim which would suit any face. One seldom sees a cache- peigne on the best models, although occasion- ally a small bow of la e'e or ribbon is allowed to rest on the hair at the back. The doom of the cache-peigne was of course sealed when it became so generally worn as when fashioned

_ -'RETTY BLOUSE: by unskilful fingers or worn by an unsuitable pepson it lost its charm and was therefore discarded by all the best dressed women. . Blouses are still worn by everyone, and one cannot but marvel at the charming models shown. The latest mode is that they must be en rapport with the costume and that they must likewise e harmonise with the circumstances in which 'they are worn. For morning wear there are some very charming fine white embroideries used for fascinating yet simple shirt blouses, while black and white batiste trimmed with coarse ecru lace is considered very chic. Some of the blouses which are popular incline towards the bolero shape and are trimmed with lace or fringe and have a wide cape-like collar and a deep folded silk waist-band. The great feature of some of the newest blouses is the great fulness of the sleeves below the elbow where they are decorated with gaugings or cordings. A lovely blouse is depicted and in this inAance several shaped frills take the place of the fulness below the elbow, the under sleeve consisting of a tight gauntlet of lace which covers the wrist. The front of the bodice is box-pleated alternated with bands of lace insertion, while a silk cravat is interlaced down the centre. The effect is very stylish. It is easy on regarding these elaborate blouses to understand the reason of .the great popu- larity of the cape-like coatees which are now and will , continue to be worn on into the summer. A lighter style would not allow for the disposal of the full sleeves and there- fore those who prefer the plain sleeve peculiar to the real tailor made coat will have to content themselves with a simpler style of blouse which has a less exaggerated style of ‘leaveJ

COQuarrul

4i 42F) . )ik 11 'ir-- . - :-_-__-__ „......--„, , , -_..,--' '7 ~, , , •-...-- , 1 ......' . I fr., 11, 11 '1 :44' lik" 1 (1---'--- ''ll 'A 4 -_.;.,tt 101 . fl. i . A PICTURE HAT.

/7-Th ;77-, • - , get • -V1,41/4 • 4 7 AP

===== 0002601_19030501_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
LIFE STORIES ILLUSTRATED.

SUITS

Harrison & Co.s,

1 AND 3, Manchester St. LIVERPOOL. HMVP just received their first delivery of 'spring Goods, Scotch. Irish and West of Eng- land eeds. S 111 TS.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
30/-

TO MBA IJRE

• Post Card will bring 3on patterns and self- measurement form. 7.0u0 yards of Tweed and Cashmere Trouser- loge,

7/6

TO Oi.DHR.

We guarantee satief au* tion tm matter where

'du reside

===== 0002601_19030501_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
'POWDERI

Light

bicycles

mean less labour

and RUDGE-

WHIT WORTHS are the lightest and strongest. Art Catalogue, post free, from Rudge-Whitworth, Ltd., Coventry.

LOCAL AGENTS:-- J. and S. Churchill and Co., Cross Lane, Earlestown. Rudge-Whitworth Ltd.. 44, Deansgate, Manchester.

Mersey Cycle Co., 79, Bridge Street, Warrington. J. S. McLeanland:Co., 51, Duke St., St. Helens. Rudge-Whitworth Ltd., 101, Bold St., Liverpool

TINS 3d. 6d. Is-BELLOWS 9d.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

INPPOI P. 0 •. ", Tl`ic,iii. • ~ 40 4: 7,.. ev , .. .e. VI - - . - (4, t A .111",...:,, 41) ):.,-,5,.4„...7:1.---,-..;;...4::-..p.., iti vky-e Cr" lio,_ 1! p ....7. i k . pR,NaO ~,,............i

EATIN S• .: _ ..• KILLs . - FLEAS.:BUGSMOTHS'BE-ETLES7:

===== 0002601_19030501_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

NOTHING TO EQUAL THEM ! :

1.30, Holmlepterrace. Dronfield , Nr. Sheffield, October 23rd, 192

Dear Sir,—l am sending you ray testimonial for vonr Pills I think they ‘re the finest things in the world, and have received great betefit from taking them. I have also recant- mended them to all my friends, who have been greati• relieved by them. I shall continue to take your Pills when necessary. and will recommend them whenever I can. I have tried several others, bat have not found any to equal. yours. Your truly, JANIRd I3RO WHS. EADE'S GOUT PILLS

Are warfeetly safe in their action, eilmihste all inj orlon matter, and are highly restoratir Bold everyfrhere in Bottles. Is. lid. and 21. 91.„ or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor !! GIIORGE BA.DIi, 232, Goswell-road, London,

EUMATIC PILL S.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

DEV(.?1!IllmS

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding a Speciality. Largest StOck Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BCOK. New Edition, thoroughly revised and enlarged to 16 0 pages. JUST PUBLISHED. _ _

-With all New Patterns and Designs up to date: Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. Importer of Glass. Glass Stock tuts free on application. H. MORELL. 17 aqd 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY LONDON, W.C.

Warehouses: 11, 12 and 13, Neal'a Yari, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address : —'' Rabbitry, London."

Old and Tired Eyes Made Young Again.

Wear BENN FRANKS' PURE CRYSTALINE SPECTACLES (For Iteadinz,Writing aud Sewing) Post free for 2 6, including Leather Case. Seal Postcard for simple Self-Testiqg Particulars. BENN FRANKS, Ophthalmic Optician, 60, WHITEFRNIRGATE, HULL. MID. 174 aPa mums 4;41 TAATMMIIik

Ond Grade only—TNE BEST. PREMIER 12 12g. air 28 Is. Monthly. Pei I E 11. WP.ORR ICD: Pt" BICYCLES : CcovrieaLtiry. Loudon Dept. 20, Holborn Viaduct. B.C.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Examinations. At a monthly meeting of the Council of the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes on Tuesday a report was submitted relative to the number of exercises worked at the recent examinations, showing a total of 46,103, being 82.7'per cent. of the number for which application was made. The Duke of West- minster has become a vice-president. Workhouse Inmates Entertained.

The inmates of the Workhlarse spent an enibyable evening on Saturday when they *were entertained by St. Hilda's Minstrel Troupe. The fist part of the programme consisted of sentimental and comic songs. The sentimental-singers were Messrs. A. Grounds, T. Brierley, J. Shakehaft, T.' Grounds, W. Wright and Master W. Rhodes, the latter being loudly encored for his song, " I dreamt, my little boy, of thee."- The comic singers were Messrs. J. Isherwood, J. Ediersley, J. Grounds and H. Skelliorn, whose songs and funny joke's created great amusement. The second part was opened with a laughable absurdity entitled " Brannagan's Band," after which"; character songs were rendered by Mr. J. Isherwood; who con- tributed " The wrong man " and Mr. Mohan " The Ballymoney Conversazione," and both were heartily encored. The entertainment was brought to a close with a sketch entitled "A Manager in a fix." The parts were taken by Messrs. E. Norbury (manager), H. Tongs (Sambo the • servant), J. Grounds (Sammy Slapcabbage), A. Grounds ('Enry Skriven), H. Skel- hoim. (cornet soloist)' E. Leigh (the Japanese warbler), J. Isherwood (Madame Tolostie), and E. Birchall. Mr. H. Millwood discharged the duties of pianist and Mr. Warburton those of interlocutor.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0153.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. .2. .IIrVA

===== 0002601_19030501_art0154.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19030501_art0155.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0156.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• •

_

===== 0002601_19030501_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
E. CHETTER AUCTIONEER AND VALUERS LBROOMS AND OFFICES. 11, BERRY-S4TIDDIT.

LIVERPOOL.

SALES OF FURNITURE.

STOCKS. ETC. EVERY THURSDAY. PARTIES CONSIGNING GOODS

CAN HAVE CASH ADVANCE (if REQUIRED) ON RECEIPT ov GOODS. srocKs PURCHASED

FOE CASH. DISTANCE Z(0 OBJECT. THWIPHORB NO. 6621. •

HARDIE'S GREAT CYCLE SALE.

OVER ,000 ki el YCLES.

UP-TO-DATE IN EVEEY WAY, AND FULLY

GUARANTEHD.

PRICES FROM 7.03.

This offer is only open for one month ; so come

at once and select the greatest bargain ever offerei.

HEAD DISTRICT DEPOr FOl

RALEIGII AND SINGER CYCLES.

HARDIE

BERRY STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A FEW OF THE BARGAINS OFFERED -

PRICK. a I. d.

COST. 2 s. d.

10 0 o—Ladies' Rover, Highest Grade 20 0 0 810 0— „ Singer, Mode A 10 10 0 ~ Osmond, Highest Grade 25 0 0 9 00— „ Raleigh, No 17 15 15 0 12 00— „ Clalcott, Highest Grade 2O 0 0 12 0 0— „ Singer, Grand Model.. 25 0 0 610 0— ~ Hardie, First Grade l2 CI 0 14 10 0— „ Raleigh Model Superbe 25 0 0 610 o—Gents Hardießoadster '2 0 0 13 10 0— „ Singer Grand Model 24 0 0 12 00— ~ Osmond. Highest Grade 24 0 0 10 10 0— Special 16 16 0 12 0 0— Raleigh NO 3 20 0 0 9 10 0— Singer Model de Luxe 16 16 0 9 9 0- Royal 10 00— ~ Rover, First Grade 20 00: 810 0— „ Road Racer 12 10 0j

And others too numerous to mention.

SECONDHAND CYCLES FROM 355.

HARDIE

BERRY STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A THE LATEST FASHION BOOKS Al 2

LOWE'S,

G OLBORNE STREET, WARRINGTON ALSO A uuOD CIRCULATING LIBRARY. MANCHESTER, LIVERPOOL, ec LONDuN DAILY PAPERS. RUBBER ST AMPS A SPECIALITY

ESTABLISHED 1872, JOHN SHAW & SON, WATCHMAKERS AND JEWELLERS. 52, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER.

J. SHAW as SON Invite inspection of their splendid STOOK ot GBH RINGS, from 20a to zoo. (30,,D J3ROOOHRS, BRACRLETS, and Long GUARD CHAINS.

J. SHAW it SON'S Speciality :--Gent's High. cl. 114.011E1i WVIsI V* AI CBES, 18-ct. Gold, from £ll 11 Sliver, IT( In 3316, tpteial value. Large assortment of Soli Silver and Ishetro-plated gcods, suitable foe Wedding an other Presents. An. REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES. A staff of competent men k -pt TBLBPHONg NO. 5,267.

FOR FINEST QUALITY, HOME-CURED WILTSHIRE, IRISH, DANISH AND CANADIAN

BACON AT RBASONABLE PRICES TRY

JOHN ASHLEY,

61, SANKRY-STRBET, WARRINGTON.

SPECIALLY SUITABLE

FOR INVALIDS.

MALT EXTRACT WITH

COD LIVER OIL

===== 0002601_19030501_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
(BARLEYCORN BRAND)

Is an exceedingly nutritious food, furnishing a large amount of nourishment in a smalL space, and at the same time supplying fat and assist— ing the digestion of other foois. On this account it is specially suitable for invalids, delicate persons and weakly children. The malt extract is made in vacuo from the best malted barley. Prepared in this way it is far more valuable than when fermented.

Large bottles, containing as m,ich as would he charged 6s. or more for by other leading makers,

are sold by

POTS CASH CHEMISTS

FOR IS. 8k

Smaller Dottie', 3s. 9d. size for 1, ltd.

Trial bottle, 2s. size, 81-cl.

LOCILL ADDRESSES:

126, BRIDGE STREET, ) WARRINGTON. 5, BRIDGE STREET, TELEPHONE No 120.

WRITING,Book-keeping and Tabular) Business Arithmetic Lessons by correspondence; satisfaction guaranteed. —Write. Mr Houma', 75, uhancery-lane. London.

QAMPLE pairs white and Ecru Lace Curtains, wrand 0 quality, beautiful designs, very wide, 7 yards lonJ, worth 6s lid. forwarded free, receipt P 0,3 s 6(1. WiLsox ,Sc Co. Whitecross street, London, 13 C. 11g.

00 for Batchinq now booked. Fowls : Buff and Blaca Jr., z, Orpington, Buff Find Barred Rook. and Cross-bre,ds. Ducks Rouen. Aylesbury, and Cross-breeds. Fertility guaranteed. A few Cockerels and Pullets to spare- Impec- tion invited,—Apply HENRY BYRE, Esq, Penhar's Poultry Farm, Tvwardrentli, Par. Cornwall.

(1 HARMING NOVFL'lY.—Japanned box. with 12 gold coloura.—blue golds, rd golds. &c. ; complete ; le 2d pot free.—B. RICHARDSON, 68 Park Walk, London, S.W.

tIRT—CK—BT BATS, all cane haniles. men's, 3s 6d each Stock soiled —786, ODD KENT ROAD. London.

4A 35 WEBB' NAMES COMPBTITION.—The real alter native volutions to 39 pictures—not dummies—for nirePence ; worth treble ; you cannot possibly win without them.—Three genuine • Pearson's ' alternativeo also given; envelope.•-•KEEFga 6 o.9rdon terrace, Bodmin.

,

===== 0002601_19030501_art0159.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iMI

===== 0002601_19030501_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must mall cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not later than Thursday.

Correspondents are strongly advised to write briefly. A short letter has a much greater chance of insertion than a long one. We cannot under ordinary circumstances undertake to return the manuscripts which are not used.

' Penketh Parish Council.

Sir—May I ask your indulgence to air a little (Pries.- ance, which I think affects the village at large ?• see in a recent issue that Mr. John Midwood has been elected on the above Council to fill up theposition made vacant by the death of Mr. R. Garnett. • I am quite aware that the existing Council has power to fill up a vacancy, but I think it is their duty to select a gentleman who can undertake the duties in a satisfactory manner. I would ask is Mr. Midwood the best man in thevillage for the posi- tion? I say that there are as least a dozen gentlemen, business men, and who through long residence in the parish know its needs, who could have been selected. Were they asked to stand? It is a well known fact, and much commented upon, that the Council, with on! exception, is composed of members of the Wesleyan Church. In view of the new Education Act, and its workings, as well as other general parish matters, it would be much better to see the representation divided a little. It should therefore be the duty of the ratepayers in Penketh to take a more intelligent inter- est in parish affairs, and see that a representative and capable body of Councillars are returned at the election next April,and matters will then be more satisfactory to all the parish, including, yours, etc., " DROTT,"

Compensation for Unrenewed Licences. • Sir,—ln dealing with this question it is not well to allow the social evils, (such as excessive drinking?, to influence our judgment as to the legal or moral claim of those who have not their licence renewed solely on the ground that the licensed:."ouse was not required. . .

- Any claim upon the nation that has either legal or I moral sanction ought to be respected by the nation. The sale of intoxicating liquors is recognised,as well as restricted by law, and those engaged in it can justly claim to be protected in all their rights. What then is the legal and moral right to claim com- pensation from the nation for unrenewed licences? First as to the legal claim. Prior to the definition of the law in the case of Sharpe v. Wakefield there appears to have been some doubt as to the legal position, but this was put beyond doubt by the judgment of the highest court. It was laid down. that the tenure of a licence was an annual one, that the magistrates had full power to refuse a renewal or rather to decline to grant another year's licence whenever it seems to them inexpedient for the public good, and when such a licensed house was not required by the reasonable necessities of the district, in which such house was situated. Since the judgment was given twelve years ago, magistrates have continuously exer- cised their powers. Last year over 200 applications were refused to those who had formerly held licences, solely on the ground that the licensed hottseswere'not required. So much for the legal aspect of the balm. Let us now examine themoral aspect. It is said, insupport of this,that custom gives no moral claim, that licences have been bought, sold, valued, assessed in the supposi- tion that they would be renewed. I have already indi- cated, that for at least twelve years, it has been the custom of the magistrates, to exercise their legal right to suppress unnecessary licences,theargument therefore on the ground of custom breaks down, when the facts are considered, and if licences have been bought and sold, without a discount being taken off for uncertainty of tenure, the buyers have only themselves to blame, because they cannot claim ignorance of the conditions under which all licences are held. It ought to be re- membered that this uncertainty of tenure is one of the ihevitable conditions associated with a restricted trade. The same reasons which make the general restriction Idesirable, call for alteration from time to time. Examples of the alterations in the character of this restriction may be found in the limitation of the hours lof sale, the partial closing of public houses on Sunday, I the closing of back doors, Ste., but no compensation has I been given or claimed on account of these.

We need not here enter into the necessity of this re- striction,but would point out that it gives to those engaged in the trade a monopoly and the profits of a. monopoly, and it is unreasonable for the trade to ex- pect to enjoy all the advantages of a restricted monopoly, and to escape the drawbacks incident to it. Alderman Francomb, in a recent utterance indicated he was of opinion that in certain areas, it would be for the good of the trade that some of the public houses should be closed, as he believed that the same amount of trade would be done by those that were left. No doubt the Alderman was partially right, the houses left would largely reap the benefit from the licences pure- newed, but it is going too far to say the same amount of trade would b done. Drinking and drunkenness is to some extent the product of its opportunities, and the right that the community has always exercised,in the restriction of these opportunities must be preserved and it must never be asked to pay for a right which has always been its own. But apart from all this,it may be asked: Is it not a hard position for a licensee who has had his licence renewed year after year and no fault is found against him in regard to the conduct of his house,to have the renewal de- clined, solely on the ground of there being more licensed houses than the needs of the locality require? Why should one be taken and another left? Undoubtedly there is a hardship, a hardship akin to that of the man, who through no fault of his own has his premises and stock turned to smoke by the ravages of fire. I fully admit the misfortune to the individual,but the question we are discussing, is not in regard to the loss, but who should make the loss goo d?Certai nly not the taxpayers but the trade which enjoys the benefit of the monopoly. It is for the trade and for the trade only, to consider, how an insurance fund to meet the individual hardships is to be raised. Mr. Butcher in his Bill now before Par- liament. sums to some extent to recognise this, but instead of leaving the licensees to insure the possible loss, he would have the State recognise the claim and meet it by a tax on licensees based on the percentage of the value of their licensees, further proposes to augment this fund by the appropriation of any further tax which may be put on intoxicating liquors. It is difficult to under- stand how 266 members could be induced to %lite for a bill so radically bad. It is a bad bill first, because it would in future make any reduction of licences depend, not upon the needs or wishes of the inhabitants,but upon the amount available in the compensation fund, wkich in many cases might be utterly insufficient; this would paralyse the action of the magistrates acting for the community. Secondly it is had, because it takes away the right of the community to tax, for general purposes, intoxicating liquors, and mortgages, imperial taxation for the benefit of a class who have no moral or legal claim upon the state. Thirdly, it is bad, because it establishes a vested interest in licences, which has never before been recognised,and this endows one of the richest monopolies in the land. CHARLES E. PARKER. Penketh, April 29th, 1003.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
Concerts In Alley and Court.

Sir,—Being extremely anxious to see developed in your town (with its many, destitute and unfortunate) whathasnowbecome so riMrked a success in Liverpool and many other towns, namely, the court and alley open- air concert movement, conducted from mid-May to mid-September, I write with a view to placing before your readers some of the very desirable advantages aris- ing to the poor from this endeavour. Finding that in no other way could the refining influence of music be brought to bear upon the very poor, the Food and Betterment Association originated the idea in Liverpool six years ago, all anticipated good results being more than realised. Apart from the grand decorative recep- tions invariably extended to these " court musicians " at least in Liverpool—continued increased cleanli- ness has been noticed, a lessening of desire for the coarser kind of pleasures with a corres- ponding growth of delight in the one so pro- vided.and a visible encouraging tendencytoemergefrom low conditions into higher. Strong evidence support- ing these statements, I trust your readers will kindly give the matter the attention it truly deserves, letting me know if any of them wish.to begin this uplifting work, when I shall be glad to furnish all necessary information for start ing . —Yo urs, &c., H. LEE J. JONES, (Founder and Hon. Director, Food and Betterment Association(. Limekiln-lane, Liverpool, April 24th, 1903.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAWEED AS A MEDICINE.

ITS MARVELLOUS EFFECT UPON THE

STOMACH, LIVER, KIDNEYS AND BOWELS. SEAWEED possesses a natural strengthening, healing and purifying power, far greater than other known. remedies. This is now conceded by important authori- ties. It was first introduced by Mr. Veno, and Veno's Seaweed Tonic is the only remedy in the world contain- ing seaweed, for that reason Veno's Seaweed Tonic is used in hospitals and by doctors themselves because of its superior curative properties. Its most brilliant effect is produced in stomach, liver and kidney diseases, and the extraordinary cures it performs, even in the worst cases, is positive proof of its efficacy. It is a god-send to sufferers from indigestion, wind, headache. general weakness, kidney trouble, weak and painful back, torpid liver, female troubles, poorness of blood, and HABITUAL CONSTIPATIOS. Ask for VENO'S SEA- WEED TONIC. Prices is. 11d. and 2s. 9d. at chemists and medicine vendors.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, ,Friday, May 1, 1903.

second highest scorer, Dickenson and Isherwood being next. The individual scores are as follow: Goals. Tries. Pts. Fish Harris Dickenson 2 ... 6 ... 22 Isherwood Hockenball 0 ... 2 ... 6 Foster 0 ... 2 ... 6 Roberts Burgess Taylor 1 ... 1 ... 5 Edmunds 0 ... 1 ...' 3 Duckworth I ... 0 ... 2 Knight 1 ... 0 ... 2

• 23 34 148 The complete Northern League table is as follows : For Agst.

. P. W. L. P. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Halifax 34...23... 8...3...32 45-199...17 17— 85...49 Salford 34...20... 9...5...32 60-414.-26 26-130...45 Swinton 34...18... 9...7...40 58-,-254..25 23-119...43 Runcorn 34...19...11...4...34 .57,-239...26 29-139...42 Bro'ght'n II 34...17...10...7...33 52-222...20 19— 97...41 Oldham 34...20...14...0...28 48-200...25 26-128...40 Bradford 34...16...13...5...35 50-220...31 33-161...37 Warrington 34...14...13...7...23 34-148...28 36-164...35 Hunslet 34...16...15...3...49 29-185...32 52-220...35 Hull 34...16-16-2_27 50-204...33 42-192...34 Batley ..34 36-176...38 46-214...34 Leigh 34...12...17...5...32 24-136,- 26 42-178...29 Widnes 34...13...19...2...25 27-131...25 :39-167...28 Huddersfield 34...13...19...2...13 30-116...32 44-196...28 Hull K. R. 34...13...19...2...22 37-155...40 45-215...28 Wigan 34...10...18...6...28 23-125...30 38-174...26 St. Helens 34... 9...23...2...31 21-125-39 77-309...20 Brighouse R 34... 7...23...4...20 13— 79...45 60-263...18 The final table for the South-West TAnnea.shire Lelgue table is as follows :-- Points.

P. W. L. D. For Agst. Pts Runcorn 10 ... 6 ... 1 ... 3 ... 69 10 ...15 Warrington 10 ... 5 ... 3 ... 2 ... 55 42 ...12 Wigan 10 ... 3 ... 4 ... 3 ... 28— 36 ... 9 Leigh 10 ... 3 :.. 1 ... 3 ... 45 51 ... 9

Widnes St. Helens

10 ... 4 6 ... 0 ... 38- 30 ... 8

The following is:Warrington's record in the Northern Union League and Lancashire Senior Competition since the foundation of the Union.

For Against P. W. L. D. P. P. Total 1895-6 42 ... 17 ... 20 ... 5 ... 198 ... 240 ... 39

For Against P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. 1898-7 26-11-10... 5...12...16...100...17...17...124 ..27 1897-3 2(3_10-14... 2-13-34-123_26-42_178_22 1898-9 26...11...14... 1...18...34...134...32...51...217...23 1899-00 213...12...13... 1-21...42-174-16-32_128-25 1900-1 26...12 ..11... 3-25-33_149-18-30-126-27 *19012 26-141..12 0-24-38-162-27-32...150... 26 1902-3 34...14-13_ 7-23-34_148-28-36_164...35

*Two points were deducted for breach of professional rules.

The Workshops Competition has again been carried on very successfully, and was won on Wednesday even- ing, by Messrs. Oros&ld's team, who beat Rylands' men by 10 points to 3 points after a good game. Excellent attendances have prevailed, and at the final there must have been about 4,000 people present, the gate-money realising £2B in sums of 4d. and 2d. It is expected that when the accounts are made up a handsome sum will again be available for the charities of the town.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RUGBY FOOTBALL CLUB.

•

===== 0002601_19030501_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
Review of Season 1902-3. By " Ovalist."

The cycle of events has once more brought round the end of the football season, and it devolves upon me to again review the doings of the Warrington Football Club during the crowded eight mouths from September to thq.end of April. It has been an event- ful period, but less so for the 'Warrington Club than for some others, though the locals have had their sensations. Generally speaking, the Warrington men can look back upon the season of 1902-3 with a fair amount of satisfaction, notwithstanding that there has been nothing gained and a cup has been lost. These latter facts would seem to be a:reason for des- pondency,but the prevalent feeling is that Warrington have not done badly. I can not,of course,congra,tulate them on any great achievement, but they have held their own in the Severe struggles of the Northern League, and the club that regularly holds its own in these days of keen competition is not to be sneered at or commiserated with. Cups and things cannot be looked upon as trophies to be had for the asking, nor can it be expected that any one team will be at the head of affairs for more than a single season. With the exception of losing the South West Lancashire Cup to Runcorn, who have fairly won it, Warrington have shown no falling away, but have, instead, slightly improved their position in League football. Other teams of greater 'tote cannot produce so consistent a record. For instance, Broughton Rangers, who last season secured every possible honour and won three cups,have fallen from their high estate so far as to be only fifth in the League table, and entirely minus of all honours. Yet they have had the same men and the same resources as formerly. " 'Tis not in mortals to command success,"but they can "deserve it,"akid the only club which has deserved success and obtained it, is Halifax, the proud winners of the Northern Union Cup and the Northern League Championship. War- rington have once more finished up near the centre of the table—as a matter of fact they have gone one better and are slightly nearer the top of the League than the bottom, while the number of points obtained is just one in excess of the number of matches played. A point per match is Warrington's usual average, and they have this time slightly improved upon it. The scoring power aid defence of the club both, however, show some deterioration, for out of 26 League matches last season, 162 points I were obtained against 150 points, while 34 matches this season have only produced 148 points against 161 points scored by "the other side." The cause of this falling away I shall discuss later on. The season commenced with a severe defeat of 12-0 by Swinton, which was followed by a scratchy win over Brighouse Rangers. Then the team found its feet, for the visit to St. Helens resulted in a victory by 18 points to 5 points, the most decisive of the season as it eventually proved. Runcorn at home was the fourth engage- ment and a pointless draw was the result. The return engagement saw Warrington receive their severest drubbing, 18-0 being the sum total of the disaster. After the first month, Warrington proceeded in moder- ate style, until the large proportion of away matches began to tell its tale. A draw at Halifax was the best thing done during this period. By the end ofs the year Warrington's fortunes appeared at a very low ebb, and the club figured so very near the bottom of the league that there were ominous whisperings about the second division, while the committee caught it hot from almost all quarters. The club had, how- ever, been more than ordinarily, unlucky, for in addi- tion to the many away matches, it was rarely that a full team could be put in the field owing to various causes. Fish and Isherwood were absent for some time through injury, while the latter's fellow- centre, Dickenson, underwent six weeks sus- pension for a breach of the working-clause. There was not much improvement noticeable until the middle of February when tha team was again at full strength, and there was a plethora of home engagements. Since the 24th of that month only two defeats have been chronicled, against seven victories and three drawn games. The Club climbed steadily in the League until the present creditable position was reached. On only three occasions has the club suffered defeat at home, the conquerors being Salford, Bradford and Wigan. The first named club is the only one to take four points out of Warrington this season, and to- gether with Warrington, shares the honour of taking three points out of the champions—Halifax. Warring- ton's defeat of the latter club on Good Friday was the achievement of the season, performed too, before a record crowd. This completes .the tale of Warrington's accomplishments, and now for the failures! Fortunately they are few. First and foremost they have lost the South West Lanca- shire Cup. Then they have also suffered defeat in the first round for the Northern Union Cup at the hands of humble St. Helens, and finally they have failed to strengthen themselves as a team. The same men are doing duty who have upheld the Club for some time and though they are young in years they have had too much work put on their shoulders. New blood would have been very useful, but the only " capture " is young Mahoney of Cardiff, a young threequarter who has never played with the first team and whose abili- ties remain to be proved The team has played good football—excellent at times—but has all along been, handicapped 1)y one thing--the weakness of the forwards. It was just the same a year ago, and' there is no question whatever if some good big men had been secured in place of the moderates who do duty in the . Warring- ton pack, the team would have made a .name for itself. The backs are good enough for anything, and it is only the fact that they have been on the defensive so much that has kept the scoring average so low. It. is a matter for reproach to the Committee—who may have the best excuses—that the wordiness so long apparent has not been in the slightest degree reme- died. The remarks I made in this column a year ago are significant and merit repetition. Speaking of the forwards I said "about 50 per cent. of new blood is urgently required. The scrummagersfhave quite failed to uphold the club's reputation either for strength or cleverness, and a big improvement here is a task which the Committee must at once set about perform- ing." Is the need any the less now? I say emphati- cally : No,it is greater ! Owing to the full programme of League engage- ments this season the Warrington club has not played a single" friendly" match. The League table therefore contains a summary of the results of every game Played. There have been 31 matches altogether; 14 have been won, 13 lost, 7 drawn, with a total of 35 points. The scoring has been 23 goals, 34 tries for, and 28 goals 36 tries, against. Warrington have beaten twice, St. Helens, Batley, and Widnes; once, Brighouse Rangers, Halifax, Leigh, Hull, Oldham, Kingstou Rovers,Hunslet, and Huddersfield; drawn with Broughton Rangers (twice), Swinton, Halifax, Bradford, Runcorn, and Wigan. Salford, as above stated, are the only team who had beaten Warrington twice. Swinton,llradford, Runcorn, and Wigan took three points out of Warring- ton. Last season, Warrington only drew one game— with Widnes at Warrington.

The particulars of each match during the season 1902-3 are as follow :

Points. , Date. For agst. Sep. 6 Swinton 13 Brighouse Rangers 26 ' St. Helens • away 18 5 27 Runcorn Oct. 4 Batley 11 Salford away 5 9 18 Halifax away 2 2 25 Leigh 1 Hull 8 Oldham 7 home 3 2 15 Broughton Rangers 22 Kingston Rovers •29 Hunslet away . 5 13 Dec. 13 Widnes away 5 0 20 Bradford home 010 25 (Christmas. Day) Leigh._ away 2 3 27 Huddersfield - away 3 8 1903 • Jan. 3 Swinton 10 Brighouse Rangers 24 Runcorn • away 018 31 Batley' , home 3 0 7 Salford home 211 14 Cup Tie St. Helens 24 (ShroveTnesday)St.Helens home 6 0 28 Hull Mar. 14 Broughton Rangers home 3 3 21 Kingston Rovers 24 Oldham . , away 0 5 28 Hunilet 4 Wigan 10 (Good Friday) Halifax 11 Widnes home 8 0 13 (Easter Monday) Wigan home 0 2

Nov.

Feb.

Apr.

18 Bradford away 11 11 25 Huddersfield

Fish, as usual, heads the list of individual scorers, though his aggregate this season has fallen from 121 points to 57 points. There were four more matches last season, and 20 points accrued to him from friendlies. The scoring all round is lower, however; Harris is the

-•

===== 0002601_19030501_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKS COMPETITION FINAL.

Soap v. Wire.

Striking evidence was afforded on Wedilesdav even- ing of the increasing popularity of the Works' com- petition when the final tie was played off. 'The attendance was equal to that of a first team league match and Mr. Treasurer Pemberton will have a nice round sum to -hand over to local charities. The two teams to enter • the final were Crosfield's and Rylands, so that the Titanic struggle may be said to have been between soap and wire. There were plenty of parti- sans on both sides and .they were easily distinguish- able, especially among the younger element. Those who pinned their faith in the superior qualities of soap sported a card in their caps, enjoining their re- presentatives to "play up," whilst on the other hand those who favoured wire displayed an appropriate design with the word Rylands woven in wire. Punctually at 6.30, the referee, Mr. J. IL Smith, of Widnes, gave the signal for the start. The teams lined out as follows : Crosfields —W. Lawton, jun., Bradshaw, Kinder and Dutton; threequarter backs; Howard and H. Lawton, half backs ; Wray, Dickinson, Caldwell, Lear, Roy- lance and Warburton, forwards. Rylands—Smith, fullback; Sutton, Penketh, Wright ' and Brown, threequarter backs; Floyd and Morris, halfbacks; Philli Higham, Henson, Simister, Mason and Broadhurst, forwards.

The game had not been in progress many minutes before Crosfields scored a good goal, the result of a clever drop kick by Roylance. A loud cheer rent the air and mingled with the cheer was the discordant note •of some hundreds of tor baloons which the youngsters' blew with vigour. -Shortly afterwards H. Lawton sc-n-ed a clever try under the posts and the lead . of the soap men was further increased when W. Lawton sen., kicked a goal. Soap was now in the ascendant in popular favour, and the men, encouraged by these successes played with greater dash. As the. result of a beautifully combined m we- ment, Bradshaw scored a try for Crosfield's., The. supporters of wire-Were now getting a little despond- ent, but they endeavoured to urge on their men to renewed efforts. It was evident, however,that wire had been badly twisted, but there were still hopes that the wire-men would give a better account of themselves. In the second half they had several opportunities to score but all with one exception were not taken advantage of. The one exception .was really a clever piece of combined play and the try registered .by Penketh, one of the Rylands' team centres, must .be considered the best of the day. When • the whistle sounded for time,Crosfield's retired winners :of the gold medals and the losers received the silver medals as a solatium,on the evening's play. Crosfield's were the better team and were much quicker. Several good openings were lost by the wire men through lack of judgment and want of combination. DISTRIBUTION OF THE MEDALS. INTERESTING SPEECHES.. Immediately on the conclusion of the game, the • medals were presented to the winners by Mr. W. R. Neil (president of the Warrington Football Club.) In asking • Mr. Niel to discharge the duty, Mr. H. AskiTos (secretary), said the committee contemplated forming a works league competition for next season with the object of further promoting Rugby football THE VICE-CHAIRMANSHIP. in the town. It was also possible that the works corn- rn THREE MEMBERS DECLINE THE POSITION'. petition would be continued at the end of the season on Mr. Thompson proposed the election of Mr. Singleton the knock out principle as at present conducted. as vice-chairman. (Applause.) Mr. Singleton declined the position. He added that Mr. W. R. NEtt, said it was with very great pleasure he did not know that Mr. Taylor was to be proposed as that he undertook the duty of distributing, the medals. chairman. The business was quite new to him. He had On behalf of the Warrington Football Chto he wished intended to propose Mr. Thompson as chairman, and he‘, to thank all who had attended the matches for the sup, NVII S surprised, with all respect to Mr. Taylor' that he • port they had given. The club had two objects in view had been proposed by Mr. Thompson. He had nothing tn promoting the competition. One was to look out to do with . their" personal rows.", for new talent to help to renovate the old stock of the Mr. Halton: As a matter of fact I would have had Warrington Football Club and the other object was to , pleasure in seconding your resolution, had it not been assist their local charities. The wholg of the proceeds carried so far. with thy" exception of a small sum for expenses was The Chairman proposed the election of Mr. Fulton given to local charities. It was with great pleasure he Smith as vice-chairman. announced that the gate money was in excess of that Mr. Singleton: lie knows T. have nothity, against realised in previous years,and the charities would there- him and there is no man I would rather see in the chair. fore benefit to a greater extent. ; (Applause.) He had Mr. Smith declined to accept the (Mice, as he had - seen most-of the games and he was sure they would moro ditties in W• • t than h Id fairly ail mg on tan e COU under- 'agree with him when he said that they had men really tale. well fought out. (Hear,hear.) The Chairman then proposed Mr. Kilshaw, hut that Mr. NEIL then distributed the medals,the gold centre gentleman also declined to serve. medals being handed to the members of Crosfield's team The Chairman : Will you be vice-chairman Mr. and the silver medals to Rylands' team. , , Thompson? I Mr. HENRY ROBERTS, J.P., proposed vote of thanks Mr. I don't care. I will be anything. to Mr. Neil for his presence and his kindness in distr. Mr. Singleton proposed the election of Mr. Thomp- bitting the medals. :On behalf of the winning team, ' with which he was proud to beassociated, he was pleased , son. The Chairmtn seconded and on the proposition being to propose that vote of thanks. He was glad to find pat to the vote only the propaser and Seconded voted that soap had for once proved to be stronger than wire, foe it. (Laughter.) He felt bound to say that the match There was no opposition and Mr.Thompsonwas de- : had been played with good temper on both dared elected. : sides and though Rylands had not won, they had not disgraced themselves. (Hear, heir). He hoped some • day when Crosfield's were barred out through having won the medals se•ofteo,that Rylands would then come to the front and win the medals. (Laughter and applause). Mr. B. FARRAR, in seconding the vote of thanks, alluded to the ,remark of Mr. Roberts that soap had proved stronger than wire, and observed that it required . the best of wire to cut soap. (Fleariaear). He believed that on the next occasion, if Itylands' men would play with more judgment, wire would be able to cut soap in two. (Laughter.) Whilst congratulating the winners they hoped to do better next time. (Applause). The vote was carried with acclamation. ; I ' PRINCESS MARY'S Iltcyct.E.—Princess Mary of Wales was six years old on Saturday, and among the presents was a tiny Rudge-Whitworth bicycle, given by the King to his grand-daughter. About three years ago, his, ; Majesty presented Pritice "Eddy " with a similar machine, and since then, the princess has essayed riding her brother's bicycle. Princess Mary is ,perhaps the youngest royal cyclist in Europe. The dimensions of the bicycle are lilliputian. Only IGin. of tube separate the bracket and seat pillar. The rims of the wheels, which are 201 n. in diameter, are made of aluminium. The diameter of the tyre is an inch and a quarter, and the machine is geared to forty-four. On the front of the plain black enamelled frame appears a small" M" in gold. 'The whole,weighs only 151bs. Prince" Eddy" and his sister have not yet been allowed the delights of • a free-wheel.

Mr. Thompson I always like to do and try to do. Mr. Halton: lam sorry I was not here at the last meeting. Mr. Thompson: So am I. lam verysorry you were not here. Mr. Halton: The last meeting but one. • Mr. Thompson: Well, the last meeting but one. I wish you had been here then. Your remarks are un- called for. Mr. Halton: You are not the Chairman now, lam very pleased to say. You had a certain amount of rulint, during the past year, and you would not give me a fair hearing, but now you are not chairman and I have a voice here.

Tim OVERSEERS.

Mr. Halton said that as there was po meeting of the 'Parish Coundil last week the Board of Guardians were 1 forced to recommend the appointment of two gentle- I men for the position of overseers. It was suggested ithat Mr. Thompson and himself should occupy the posi- tions..He would willingly act with Mr. Thompion.

Mr. Thompson said he- %.vas quite agraeable to act,and Mr. Halton and Mr. Thompson were appointed.

THE ATP'. MR. R. G RN ETT.

Mr. Thompson moved that a vote of condolence be passed with Mrs. Garnett and family, in their recent sad bereavement. Mr. Oa rnett's death was a loss to the whole district. The thotion was seconded by the Chairman and carried.

• PROPOSMO ALTERATION OF A FOOTPATH. • A letter was mid from Mr. E. Foster, clerk of the Penketh Parish Council, stating that an application from Mr. Thomas Owen, of Knocker's Green, Sankey, had bean laid before his Council to alter the route of a footpath which passed through Mr. Oweu'srelds. The footpath being both in Sankey and Penketh, Mr. Owen was making a similar application to the Sankey Council. The Penketh authority had decided to leave the matter in the hands of a sub-committee, and should the Sankey Council adopt a similar course he would be pleased to arrange for his sub-committee to meet the Sankey representatives. It was decided that the Clerk reply to Mr. Foster to the effect that in the opinion of this Council the ques- tion was one which should be referred to the landowner.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
PERSONALITIES AT GREAT SANKEY.I Lively Parish Council Discussion. MR. HALTON ALLEGES "INSULTS." A lively scene occurred at the annual meeting or the I Great Sankey Parish Council, which was held in the Board Schools on Tuesday evening. At the outset Mr. George Thompson occupied the chair, and. there were also present :—Messrs. J. Fulton Smith, H. Singleton, Thomas Halton, J. H. Kilshaw, William Taylor, and Joseph Smith (clerk). THE ELECTION OF CHAIRMA.N. MR. TAYLOR ELECTED BY A. CASTING VOTE.

The Chairman said he had great pleasure in proposing that Mr. Taylor be elected Chairman for the ensuing year. Mr. Taylor was an old member of the Council and the appointment was only what he deserved. Mr. Taylor said he would rather propose that Mr. Thompson be re-elected. The Chairman declined to stand again. His health had not been what it should be for some time past and he had really thought of resigning altogether from the Council. He hardly liked to do so as that was their last year in office, but it was very likely that he would not be able to retain a seat on the Council after this year. Since last November his health had been anything but satisfactory, and during the last month he had been very ill. He hoped Mr. Taylor would accept the chairman- ship if elected. Mr. Singleton said he was surprised at the Chairman's decision. He had intended to propose Mr: Thompson's re-election, but under the circumstances would second the election of Mr. Taylor. Mr. Kilshaw moved an amendment that Mr. Fulton Smith be elected. Mr. Smith had fulfilled his duties as a member of the Council most successfully and he (the speaker) was sure be would be capable of carrying out the duties of Chairman. Mr. Halton said he felt himself placed in a difficult position. He regretted to hear the remarks the Chair- man had just made with regard to the state of his health. He was not aware Mr. Thompson was so unwell, but he was sure it was the hearty wish of every member of the Council that he would soon be restored to health, and continue to take an interest in the business of the parish •as he had done in the past. He seconded the amend- , ment, as Mr. Fulton Smith had done a great deal to further the interests of the people of the district. He ' was sure Mr. Smith would occupy the position with dignity and attend to all the duties of the office.. Before the motions were put to the meeting, Mr. Halton said he thought Mr. Thompson was a little out of order in occupying the chair. The Chairman: I think lam quite in order. The chairman is chairman until his successor is appointed. Mr. Halton: I think not. The Clerk upheld the Chairman's opinion-1 and in support of his ruling, quoted from the Act of Parlia- ment dealing with the matter. Mr. Halton said it was the rule with other bodies that he had been connected with for the chairman not to occupy the chair whilst the voting for his successor proceeded. The Clerk : I think there- is either an Act of Parlia- ment or seine regulation of the Local Government Board which provides that for certain authorities the Clerk shall take the chair when the new chairman is being appointed. I don't think that Act or :regulation applies to Parish Councils. The Chairman: If I had been a candidate I should have Vacated the chair, but in view of the Act—and I have read it through many times—l shall remain in this chair until my successor is appointed, whatever may be said one wayor the other. Mr. Halton: .1 don't want to interrupt you and don't want to be unkind in regard to your position especially as you are unwell, but now that you say you will occupy the position of chairman I coincide in your ruling. I don't wish to take from you your position. I have only mentioned the matter because it has been custOmary for years with every undertaking that I have been coaneoted with, for the Clerk to preside over the meeting for the time being. On a vote, being taken three members voted for Mr. Taylor and three for Mr. Fulton Smith, and the Chair- man gave his casting vote in favour of Mr. Taylor. . MR. HALTON'S STRONG REMARKS.

Mr. Halton: I think the Chairman has stolen a march on certain members of the Council. It looks on the face of it as if there was a certain amount of cliquism connected with the undertaking.• Mr. Thompson: I object to such lan_guage being used in this room. There is no cliquism. I have no men- tioned the matter to any person. Mr. Halton: Allow me. lamon my feet. I won't allow von to interrupt me. I sin here as a representa- tive of Great Sankey, and I won't be interrupted by von. You must understand you are only one individual. 'You do not occupy the chair, and von must not interrupt me. It is for the Chairman to call attention to matters, and just keep to the point, will you please. The Chairman: Be quiet, please. Mr. Halton: I say that Mr. Thompson has shown himself very disagreeable to the members of the Coun- cil this evening. I have comehere and I may say I have received insults from Mr. Thompson from time to time ; in fact as far as regards my position,if I had not been elected by the representatives of Great Sankey to further their interests I should have retired long since, because I don't think when you are elected by a body in the interests of the ratepayers you should be inter- rupted byau individual who has a .pertain amount of personal spleen against you. I say it fearlessly to any- one living, and I think I have colleagues who can bear .me out by saying that it is correct. I did not come here to waste my valuable time and to be insulted by any individual member of the Council. It is a great insult so far as my position is concerned to come here time after time to be insulted by Mr. Thompson. It is a well known fact, and has been for a long time, and I think he is wrong in doing it. I have worked on his behalf, and assisted in placing him in the position of chairman, and I think he ought to be the last in the world to try to ignore my position in Sankey. I don't know what it is for. I think it is a " cast " upon him- self, but not upon me, and it is cawing it a bit too far. Mr. Thompson: • I don't know what this is all about. came here to-night to carry out the business of the meeting as far as the chairmanship was concerned,. and I have done so. I had no arrangement, and there was no cliquism. No one knew what I was going to do. I hardly knew myself, but I had a wish that Mr. Taylor should be chairman as he is an old member of the Board. lam sure I have not spoken to Mr. Singleton or to Mr. Taylor or any other member of the Council with reference to this matter. I cannot understand Mr. Halton, and as to insulting him I never insulted him in my life and never wish to do so. I wish to live on friendly terms with everyone. Mr. Halton: Question, question. It does not look like it.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PHOTOGRAPHIC SOCIETY.

Exhibition of Members' Work.

A Criticism.

During the week a photographic exhibition has been held at the Old Academy under the auspices of the Warrington Photographic Society, the pictures being entirely the work of members. A careful inspection of the ninety-odd examples of what can be done in the art of the camera by our local amateurs leads us to the con- viction that .the Society possesses some studious and original photographers among its members. The exhi- bition,as a whole,k very creditable,and we hope to see it continued each year. It hasistruck us,however,that,seeing the exhibition has been thrown open to the public, a committee of selection might have been appointed to supervise the exhibits before they were hung. A certain amount of judicious weeding,out might have been done with distinct advan- tage both to the exhibition and the Society, for there is no question that many prints now on the walls should never have left the seclusion of the dark room. They are not calculated to stead either the cold light of day or the keen criticism of the onlooker who knows any- thing of photography. It is possible to overlook some of these anviteurish efforts—Which still do credit to the industry of their producers—but they unmistakably detract from the excellence of the exhibition as a whole. There is tune for the consideration of this and other poiuts,ere the Society again invites the public to an exhibition of members' work. With regard to the majority of the pictures there are many worthy of note anda good number of exhibitors are to be congratulated on the proficiency they have attained. We do not favour comparison, but it is impossible to altogether avoid i t,in the course of a criticism such as we feel bound to make. The conclusion we first came to was,that unquestionably the best work in the room was that of Mr. H. Bond, whose landscape and figure studies are remarkable, equally, for technique and artistic conception. This is an opinion we would have preferred not to express,seeing that Mr. Bond is coil- nected with the "Examiner," but as our criticism is . meant to be above all else, candid and fair,we felt bound to give Mr. Bond the credit we think is due to him. His landscape "Morn on the hill-side," and portrait of a girl reading, appear to us distinctly best in their respec- tive classes. Mr. Podmore, however, receives first award in the landscape section for "Ploughing" (velox) the caviller of two prints of the same subject. He has undoubtedly made a happy selection of subject here,and reproduced it with a naturalness and pictorial quality deserving of high praise. But why two prints? It is a test of the exhibitor's artistic perception for him to decide on the tone, paper, and size ofs his picture, and a lack of decision in this respect detracts from the value of his work. There is another picture by Mr. Podmore, "Evening Mists," which we deem as bad as the other is good. It is too fuzzy even for evening mist, and is so obviously touched up in the centre with chinese white or some other pigment as to be irretrievably spoiled. His "Lonely Church" is altogether too lonely, the foreground consisting solely of a haystack and a five-barred gate which appear to have been dropped " promiscus "iii the field. These ,three pictures, too, have all been taken under the same sky—a rather re- markable effort on the part of Nature or Mr. Podmore! One other of Mr. Podmore's examples is a charming view of the Horseshoe Falls, Llangollen—quite the best , reproduction of this subject we have yet seen. The Rev. E. E. Ferrer has a very pleasing picture—with a blank sky unfortunately—entitled "Fairy frost work," , andldisplayine some of the most delicate tracery of ' fern, shrub and tree by the master-hand of King Frost. His "Winter, blank and cold " is not so good, however, the broad expanse of snow and the straight fence render- ing the scene commonplace. Mr. Kertland has several fair landscape enlargements on view, the best being the "Canal, Llangollen," and the worst "In a pasture green," where we see three cows staring blankly out of the picture, and looking as if they had been, like the trees, planted. There are two attempts at wave photography, by Mr. K. F. Bishop and Mr. H. Miller, both of which are highly creditable. The one by the first-named, "There's a storm coming up," we like the better, the water conveying clearly the idea of motion. Among the curiosities, and, there are a few, is a "Sunset" by F. W. Purse—a small print looking feral! the world as if the youngest member of the household had done something disastrous with the ink-pot. Two "Views of Blackpool," by J. V. Moore, are very good, the snap-shot in sunlight being excellent, but for the one fact that the shadows are too deep. The other is ratherflat. There is, of course, no attemPt at the pictorial here but as photographs of a prosaic subject they are distinetly praiseworthy. Two views of Grappen- hall,by Mr.J.Newton and Mr.P.Kellyeasoadorn the walls. Mr. Newton appears to us to have obtained the more pleasing result,)iis picture being greatly helped by the two bonny youngsters stepping along in the foreground. Among the portraits are some excellent exhibits, one of , Mr. Bond's we have already alluded to,blit further corn- plhuentary reference is merited by "The Gossips," a Dovedale composition excellent in all respects. Mr. W. J. Twiss has been .venturing on the difficult Rembrandt style and his portrait of "An old man" is very fine, the tOp-lighting being well-managed, and the whole effect very delicate and lifelike. Another, of "An old woman," with one side of the face in shadow is much inferior. We need the catalogue to distinguish the sex of the sitter, and the print l is also harsh, with the contrast between the two sides of the face border- ing on the extrprne. Mr. G. Nichols has a full length portrait of Mr. W. L. Benner, to which we must award praise. The likeness is excellent, the pose good, and the modelling of the face very successfully delineated. There are three portraits by Mr. W. Daintith, but they are faulty in many ways, and all are worsened by th inartistic mount which this exhibi- tor has chosen for his prints. One portrait is of an elderly gentleman against a background of plants, the leaves of which form a murderous looking chereaux de frise round his head. 'rhis is not the royal road to artistia portraiture. In the architectural section there is likeivise a good show, but we have no love for this class of photography. Messrs. Bishop, Kertland, and Armstrong have, however, obtained some excellent results. One picture by Mr. D. S. Birrell seems out of place in this section for there is little of the architec- tural about "A remnant of the past," which is a pleasing view of quay-side shipping, printed in carbon, the tone being suitably subdued. The title also seems to fit badly, but this is perhaps the fault of the catalogue? . Messrs. T. and Birtles have kindly undertaken the . task of judging and awarding the honours to various exhibits. Their awards are as follows: LANDSCAPES : Ist. Mr. W. H. Podmore, scene , "Ploughing"; 2nd, Rev. E. E. .Ferrer, " Fairy Frost Work." honourable mention Messrs. Bond, Kett- land, and W. H. Podmore. . . ARCHITECTURAL let, NTr. J. H. Kertland, "Valle Cruets Abley"; 2nd, Mr. K. F. Bishop, "Queen 'a Gate, Mt. Orgniel Castle"; hon. mention, Messrs. J. J. Armstrong and J. H. Kertland. PORTRAITS AND FIGURE STUDIES: Ist, Mr. H. L Bond, study of a girl reading; 2nd, Mr. W. J. Twiss " An old man."

The exhibition was opened to the public on Tuesday afternoon, in the presence of a large number of ladies and gentlemen interested in photography. Mr. W. J. TwtsB, one of tho hon. socrotaries,remiuded Mr. FALRHURST that he was the first president of the old society, .which was established in the year 188 G, and that he was also the first president of the re-organized society. He asked him to open the exhibition. Mr. FaintlunsT said he had only had a casual look round the room—he would take advantage of other opportunities of he was pleased to find that a remarkable improvement had taken place in the work of the members since the time he used to photo- graph. There were many specimens on the walls he had never approached in point of merit; in fact, he did not feel capable of turning out such good work. He was pleased to be present to see the revival of the society, which must be an interesting fact to the members-gener- ally. He hoped to see the exhibitions continued .year after year, and the society become more and moressuc- cessful. He had much pleasure in declaring the exntbi- tion opea. (Applause.) - Mr. E. J. Hm.r„ one of the vice-presidents, in respond- ing to a Call, said he was delighted to see such a heautfiil collection of work on the walls, and he most heartily congratulated the exhibitors on the results which had been obtained. He might also congratulate

the society upon having such a plicasant room in which to arrange the work ; such a room lent beauty to the I.exhibition. He hoped with Mr. Fairhurst that the society would be exceedingly successful, and that large strides would be made year after year until it had be- come a recognized institution of the town. Mr. TWESS, in proposing a vote of thanks to the judges (Messrs. T. and J. liirtles), said they had crm- tributed to the' success of the exhibition by their awards: Mr. -FAIRHURST seconded, and said that while the duty of judge was not always a pleasant one, he felt -certain that both Mr. Males and his son had done their ' duty conscientiously and well,3vith regard to the pee- sent exhibition. (Applause.) , The motion was heartily agreed to, and a vote •of thanks having been given to Mr. Fairnurst for his ser- vices, the formal proceedings were brought to a con- clusion.

The exhibition will be open to-day from 2 unti 10 p.m.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
Coming of Age Celebrations.

lOn Monday iTight the coming of age of Miss Annie ' Hill, A.V.C.M"., of Napier-street was celebrated in Brick-street Mission Schoolroom. About 60 friends and pupils responded to the invitation. After the reception of the guests,tea was partaken of at 6 p.m., the tables being' well filled and laid out in tasteful style. After, tea,parlour games were heartily indulged in and thornighly enjoyed by all prssent until 10.30 after which supper was laid. Miss Hill was the I recipient of a large number of ornamental and useful articles which were displayed in the schoolroom and greatly admired by her Many friends. A most successful and enjoyable evening was brought to a close about 12p.m.

===== 0002601_19030501_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
4.. ' . • L

1,1101 Not I'llizx -40(

===== 0002601_19030501_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MR. E. W. T. RICHMOND. The Treen Cycling Fatality. Deceased's Insurance.—Arbitration Proceedings.

(SPECIAL TO THE " EXAMINER:I

An Arbitration Court was opened at Penzance last week, the case .to be settle l being a. claim brought by the executors of the late Nfr. Z. W. T. Richmond against the .Commercial Union Assurance Compapir • Ltd., for z£2.,000, the amount for which deceased had, insured his life, alleged to have become payable ea his death through ,a cycling accident at Treen last. summer.

Mr. Colan, Rec)rder of Croydon, instructed by Mr. H. Hatton, of Messrs. Robert Davies and 0., of War— rington and Mr. Edward Boase, of Penzance, appeared for the executors, and Mr. Rriegg, instructed by Mr. Payne, of Manchester, and Mr. Cr. L. Bodily, of Penzance, appeared for the Company.. The arbitrator is Mr. H. E. Dake, K.C., Recorder of Devonport. • Mr. Ruegg made an application that the case should be heard in private, Mr. Colan saying he did not object to newspaper reporters being present, but he, did not desire their presence either. - Mr. Duke said that unless both parties agreed to the presence of re- porters, it was not custoina7 for arbitration cases to be reported, and accordingly the members of the press present then retired.

- There was a large number of witnesses called by both sides, including the famous cyclist, Mr. G. P. Mills, Dr. Atkins, the deceased's brother-in-law, Mr. R. P. Couch, ex-Mayor of Penzance, the local C.T.C. Consul.

In support of the claim it was urged that there Was no justification to suppose that Mr. Richmond was guilty of negligence to such an extent as to invalidate the insurance policy. Evidence was called to prove that after the accident the front wheel was buckled back almost to the fork, but the back wheel was perfect and the back brake worked efficiently. It was impossible to say whether the back brake was temporarily jammed by a stone, or whether the bicycle swerved inlpassing vehicles or struck a stone. The machine after the accident, showed a scratch on the nut of the front axle, corresponding with a mark on the wall of a culvertlwhere Mr. Richmond was flung showing that the machine must have collided with it. A visit was paid by the Arbitrator to the scene of the accident. He was accompanied by Counsel and Mr. G. P. Mills.

The defence set up by the Insurance Company was that the machine was practically brakeless. It Was alleged that the composition blocks of the back brake were worn very irregularly, the inner edge of one block being worn down to the holder whilst on the other side there were no signs of wear, as if it had never touched the rim. It was claimed that Mr. Richmond was aware that both brakes were useless and that he made an ad- mission at the Lands End Hotel, before starting that he would have to walk all the hills.

Addresses on the evidence will be delivered by counsel in London, probably at the latter part of nest week, or in the following week. The arbitrator will probably give his decision within a fortnight.

1.0.0. T. Temperance Mission. Lodge. The weekly session of the above lodge was held in' Ebenezer Church, Buttermarket-street on Wednesday. Bro. P. Bate C,T., presided. Bro. Marsh, of Malta, was admitted on clearance card from the "Coronation Star "lodge. Bro. Merlin made sympathetic refer- ence to the death of Sister A. Heywood and moved that a vote of condolence be sent to the relatives. Sister Mrs. Sheath seconded and the motion was carried unanimously. It was also decided to go into mourning for a period of three months. Bro. 3-- Sheath drew attention to the fact that the certificates won by some of the'juvenile templars in the National Juvenile Competitive Examination were at Liverpool waiting for public presentation, and it was decided to ask Sister Duncan to present them at a meeting to bo held on May 13th when parents and friends are cordially inv:ted. A • strong discussioo followed on the subject of "Absent meg' bers" and a special visiting committee formed to take the matter in hand. Bro. C. J. Shoat gave a report of the meeting of the No. 1 Conventions- South-West Lancashire, held recently at TyldesloP Bro. Marsh tendered the fraternal greetings of thr, "Joseph Livesey " lodge. Preston; "Coronation Star ledge, Malta; and also of Bro. Captain Webb, D.0.Z.," Military District. The lodge has now a memberTe of 66, and a special effort 7is to lie made duriAS next quarter to increase the membership, an", - possible, to double the numbers. ,

, itoo Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN \VAL- & Co., at The Examiner General Printing if Bewsey-street, andbl ish3d by theca at the place, and also at The xaminer Glace, Victoria.._4l-er WIDNES, 32, George-street, ST. HELENS and 3, 1‘11"-oicl street, EARLEsTows,inthe County of Lancashire, 00, also at High-street, RUNCORN, in the. Cottati of 611 hire, MAY IST. 1903.

===== 0002601_19030501_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
LIPP PIANOS. _lO-DAY THB " LIPP "IS A MUCH MORE POPULAR PIANO THAN THAT SOLD BY ANY OTHER FOREIGN fatIAICERS IN THIS COUNTRY,SOME OF WHOM HAVE ..,./BN s.ESTABLISHED IN ENGLAND FOR 20 OR 30 ABAR CATALOGUES FREE FROM THE SOLE AGENT. B. WADSWORTH, 59 SANKEY ST., W ARRINGTON.

GOLBORNE MAY QUERN.-THE CROWNING OP THE MAY QUEEN WILL TAKE PLACE ON THE RECREATION GROUND; GOLBORNE, SATURDAY. MAY 2ND, 1903. MOBSTER PROCESSION OF DIFFERENT NATIONS, TRADES, &c., AND GRAND CYCLE PARADE, will leave the ground at 2.30. and parade the principal streets, returning td the ground about 3.30. IHR QUEEN WILL BE CROWNED ABOUT 4-30 P.M.

AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT HAVE NOW IN STOCK A SPLENDID ASSORTMENT OF NEW AND SECONDHAND FIELD AND HAND CAMERAS. LENSES, ETC, Write for our 190.: New and Seeond-Hand Lists, post Ire e 71. (I..FOItD ROAD, NEAR ALL SAINT'S MANCHUSTER.

THB HARLESEOWN MAY QUEKN F.SSTIVAL • WILL BE REID ON THE MARKRT GROUND, KINDLY • BY THE. URBAN DISTRICT COUNOIL. ox SATURDAY, MAY 30TH, 1903. _PRIZES GIVEN FOB TEN NEATEST AND CLEA.NEST .-LRADESMEN'S TURNOUTS, BICYCLISTS ix OIIAR- ACM AND TABLEAUX. Tboise wishing to compete for prizes must pay an entrance ee of 64 each. and name to be given to the Secretary. All thOse taking part in the Procession must be on the ground not later than one o'clock. Suitable trains fro•vi all stations. 8 RILMISTER, Secretary, Oxford street; Earlestown.

T HENRY ASTON WILL NOT BE RESPONS- _L.. IBLB FOR ANY DRBTS UNLBSS PBRSONALLY OONTRACTBD.—Signed HENRY AsToN, late 46, Hardy street, Warrington.

UPON MY SOLE. I STAMP THE PRICE IN PLAIN FIGURES I WANT Bs. 6d. AND NO MORA FOR THE BEST PAIR OF BOOTS AT ANY OF MY BRANCHES. ARTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

J 3 0L D STREET WESLEYA.N CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MAY 3rd. At 10.30 Bev. G. H. OARNSON. At 6.30 RRV. R. WILKINS RES. All welcome. Hymn books provided.

MR. EDWARD POWNA.LL, Bass Vocalist for Oratorios Concerts, &0., good reperteire.—Address South View, Liverpool road, Sankey Warrington.

bEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MAY 3rd. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. At 10.30 and 6 Rev. J. GRANGE BENNETT. AU welcome. Hymn books provided.

VIOLIN.—NEW METHOD by SEVCIK, tutor of Kubelik and Koolau. For terms apply Mr.j T. BOOTHROYD'S VIOLIN, MANDOLINE, ZITHER, BAN. 7-0 AND OVITAR STUDIO, 9, SUBZ-STRBBT, WARRINGTON.

GOLBORNE-&TR E ET, BAPTIST CHURCH W ARRI NGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). MAT 31m HEY. HERBERT DUNNICO. Mountie} 10.30—The Ordinance of Baptism will be obcierved. Evuxitio 6.30.—" Why men don't attend Church." All seats free.

rr HE CORPORATION Ole WARRINtiTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years Application to be made to the BououGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

G. It EAT cENTRAL RAI 'M AL—CHESTER RACES.—Or WEDBESDAY MAY 6TH (OUP DAY), 'HEAP ItXCI3 RSION to CHESTEtt will leave dt. Helens at 8 48 am. calling at Haydock, Ashton-in-Makerfield, Golborne, &c. Zit ICESIPTON PARK RACES —OR FRIDAY NIGHT,MAY QTR.cbeap 3 or 5 class excursions to London (Marylebone), Fill leave qt. Helen; at 7 50 p.m. calling at blaydook,Ashton- in-Maberflehi, Golborne. Tickets, bills &c,, at the ststions and usual agents. SAM, PAY, General Manager. Manchester. 1903,

4,ZERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS 1 Li Every workmen should have mit of HAGIUB'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-66, BTROM-BTBEET. Liverpool.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE I TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURE 5/6 nom 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T 8 BROWS, 3, LEBO& ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

CRESEIRE LIN ES,—CHESTER RACES, ON TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY, AND THURSDAY, May 6th. 6tl, and 7th, 1933, a SPECIAL SERVICE UP TRAINS will be run from Manencster (Central) Stockport (T.D.). Altrincham, Knutsford, Northwich, dartford, Warrington (Central). Winsford, Cuddington, Mouldsworth, eta , to Chester (Nortlagate Station). On Thursday, May 7th, a 813ecial Express Pssenpr Train will leave Chester (North- Rate) at 450 p m for Sheffield, Doncaster, Lincoln, New- hiarket, etc. Por particulars of excursion bookings, times of trains, and fall particulars, see bills at the stations. DAVID MELDRUM, MANAGER. Central Station, Liverpool. May 1903.

HARCOURT'S PENNYROYAL, STEEL AND TANSEY PILLS, THE BEErr REMEDY FOR ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS. BOXES VII, 2/9, 4/6, POST FREE 25, OXFORD GARDENS, KENSINGTON, W.

A. AND J. MIAINE, PM, NBROBERS, JEWELLERS, AND; SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND FLYER BOUGHT. AU transactions in accordance with Actor Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silv,er Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China. Marble Clocks, Pictures, Ice.. /cc., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BARGAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARF PINS, BROOCHES. Ac We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES 93f POSI RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTI ON. JEWELLERY REPAIRS. Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. Carefally Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS. !cc. GOLD and -3ILVHR WATUHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. RICHMOND fitEET, LIVERPOOL. 1`• OS. 3D. DRESS LENGTHS 3D LADIES. DO NOT FAIL TO SEE OUR NEW SPRING AND RUMMER DRESS FABRICS, DONEGAL TWEEDS. ZIBELINEs. COSTUME CLOTHS. ETC.. ETC. GOOD SELECTIoNS OF BLOUSE FABRICS. PA.TTERIV• PosT FREE, Olin GOOD. WILL GIVE EVERY SATIsFACIIoN. DRESS SUPPLY COMPANY, 12, BACK LANE, BRAMLEY, YORKS,

THE EVENT OF THE SEASON. TUESDAY, MAY 12TH, AT 8 P.M. PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. MADA.M3 ALBA.NI, QUEEN OF SONG, MISS MURIEL FOSTER. AFTER HER TRIUMPHS IN HAMBURG AND MOSCOW. MR. BARTLEY. THE WORLD'S GREATEST BARITONE. • MISS ADEL a. VERNE. SOLO PIANOFORTE. (PADE.REWSKI'S FA.VoITRITE PUPIL.) MADAMS BEATRICE L AgGLEY. Som. AFTER HER REMARKABLE iUCCESSES CANADA. CONDUCTOR: MR. THEODORE FLINT. MAY 12T11. MAY Van. TUESDAY. THE GREAT ALBANI " GRAND CONCERT NIGIIT. 141'4,01 and TICKETS at MESSRS. R. H. PEARSON. Ltd., '4l Warehouse, 10,Bold st.Warrington. TELEPHONE 370 r. AItItTANT ! MR. R PEARSON STRONGLY Vißt.„ EARLY BOOKING. Tic L. 'Jill 156 D; 2.; 256 D ; 3s; 4s; se; NOW READY. SECURE YOUR TICKETS.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON HORSE PARADB. PRESIDENT: SIR GILBERT GREENALL. THE THIRD ANNUAL PARADE OF HORSES WIIL TAKE PLACE TO-DAY (SATURDAY) MAY 2ND. COMPETITORS WILL ASSEMBLE ON THE FAIR- GROUND BEHIND the BLUE COAT SCHOOL at 11.30 a.m. aUDGING WILL COMMENCE AT 12 P.M. PROMPT. ZION-CO APETITORS to assemble at 1.3'). ALL TURNOUTS to ENTER the GROUND FROM ORFORD LANE. J FULTON SMITH, HoN. TREASURER. G VENN t T H PRRPTY Horr. SECRETARIES.

SHOPPING BY POST SAVES YOUR TIME AND MONEY. Send to day for Patternc and Self-measurement forms of WONDERFUL SUITS (Serges & Tweeds) made to measure at 25/- 17s. 6d.. 21s. 6d., and 255. 6d. BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD. Nn risk. Fit guaranteed. Money returned if not as adver- tised. We pay carriage to your door. EDWARD GROVE, 37-41 Lower Mareb, LONDON, S.E. Established 70 Tflfirfl.

ARRINGT ON TRAINING COLLEGE. GRAND BAZAAR. PIAUI HALL, WARRINGTON. THURSDAY, FRIDAY, AND SATURDAY, MAY 14TH, 15TH, AND 16TH. 3 TO 10 P.M. EACH DAY. 01331,,, (A) LIQUIDATION OF DEBT ON PRACTISING SCHOOL. (B) FUND FOR COLLEGE HXTENSION. SELEcrioxs OF MUSIC, TMEATRICAL ENTERTAINMENTS, VARIETY CONCERTS, ,!A.NCY DANCING, FINE ART GALLERY. Am, Ac.

BE SMART. BE CLEAN. WE DYR OR DRY-CLEA.N DRESSES, SUITS, CURTAINS, DRAPERIES, &C. AT SMALL COST AND Do TEEM WELL. GOODS RETURNED (CARRIAGE PAID) • IN A PEW DAYS. WRITE FOR PRICE AND COLOUR LIST. DEPT. X, GREEN ALUIVS, LTD., DYERS, BURNLEY.

YOU CAN BAT ANYTHING- YOU LIKE, IF YOU TAKE MILLER'S DYSPEPSIA TABLETS, (ONE AFTER EACH MEAL.) BE SURE YOU GET A BOX AND HAND THEM ROUND THE TABLE. :771D. PER BOX FROM H. MILLER, CHEMIST, 77 BRIDGE BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. 735 S BUTTER MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOLARSHIPS, 0, THE TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE Op THE POR COMPETITION. A NUMBER OF SCHOLARSHIPS tenable at the fosrlenitural and Horticultural School, Holmes Chapel, t a orriod of three years, for instruction in Agnelli- tlre, &c., and the Sciences underlyioe the same. 13,42;ZA NUMBER of SCHOLARSFIIPS tenable at the t INSTITUTE, WORLESTON, for a period of treive , an i commencing ol June Ist., tor instrue- ltr" in Dairy Work. Forms of application for each set .6 now reaily. RICHARD P. WARD, Oreanizing Secretary's Office, Crewe.

ALLAN LIN F.-10 CANADA, UNITED STATES, RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA. Tv. SAILINGS FROM LIVR RPOOL. b mISTAN Quebec and Montreal May 7 otk4lAll A, .Bt.3r hns N.Y.it Halifax May 9 p OF MADRAS Calcutta May 9 0,PIA1•1 ....... .. . ...Quebec and Moi.treal ...'L OF BOMBAY bt Johns N.F. Balitax & Phil. Ray 16 044Zu, RAN RATES—To Canada, Saloon from £lO. Second 427 '' 2 In. :P..7 105 • Third Class £5 ICs. To India, .37 10s.and 10s, ptl,!°r full rarticulars apply to ALLAN OvvrcEs,lo3,Leadenhall ~fett.':London, E.C.,land 1U James-street, Liverpool.

A FEW DOORS PAST "THE WAGGON AND HORSES INN." THIS ESTABLISHMENT is OPEN EACH MORNING BEFORE 6 O'CLOCK FOR THE SALE OF ALL LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER AND BIRMINGHAM DAILY PAPERS, SPORTING CHRONECLE, So, ALL OMER NEWSPAPER PERIODICALS, MAGAZINES ON SALE. The Gentry living in the Warrington Country Posts District can be supplied by the first early p lit with any o the above Newspapers by sending their oriers to the above address. THE BUSINESS IS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF JOB N ALLEN, LATE OF OHA.DIVICK'S. SCOTLAND-BOA 1:

SPECTACLES RUIN THE SIGHT! I WHEN INCORRECTLY ADAPTED. BEFORE. WEARING GLASSES, CALL AT b Mt?. NEUBERT'S ESTABLISHMENT HERE YOUR SIGHT WILL BE CAREFULLY TESTED. AST/ ALL ADvICE GIVEN. FREE OF CHARGE. GLAssv44 ORDI.RED oNLY WHEN NECESSARY. 6PEDTACIRS AT MODERATE PRICES, SEE TE3TIMONIALS. A . -IkT F. A. EUBERT, R&M C. I CONSULTING OPTICIAN. EYESIGHT TESTING ROOMS. 72. SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. AND AT SOLTHP RT.

G-YMNASTIC PPARATUS. WRITE FOR LATEST ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE TO H. HUNT AND SON. 89, WINDSORSTREET, AVE POOL GYMNASIAFITTED THOII4/10IIT

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At lessethan half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. MACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTEM A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEBTEI Fit and quality guaranteed, MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS EXLERACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say: Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Ihousands of Original Testimonials. MACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLISSES, DRAPER, MONDAYs, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 11, RYL ANDS-ST AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURC H-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 lOW. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. To 8 P.M.

NOTICE. SEED WAREHOUSE. GOLDEN SQUARE, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. BUSINESS IS NOW CARRIED ON AT ABOYE IDDNF.SS BY GEORGE STARBEY.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES ILLLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASH or BOTTLES from B. CUNN INGHAM! WINWIC9I ROAD. WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.

ROBERT I OWE. ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms: No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-band Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture. &c., warehoused,

GEDDESS DANDELION COFFEE The best and otteapest ever offered to the Pnblll. Sold by all Grocers and Druggistsblk ganlstet 6d., 10d., and Is. Bd. eaoh. Wholesale by I. GEDDES Am D SON. LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833. TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, Id ANCHESTER Established 69 Years • T. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, BARLICSTOWN, A LARGE QUANTITY OF BACK NUMBERS OF CASSELL'S PERIODICALS AT A REMARKABLY LOW PRICE, INSPECTION INVITED. AGENT FOR THS WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

117PHOLLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL, BOARDING CHOtIL FOR BOYS. Fifteen miles from Liverpool. REV. D S RENNABD. B.A.

WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL. Poulton-le-Pyle, Black- pool; excellent education; happy home; sea and country air.—Prin.ginal, Miss goGERSoN.

Uis IVh it siT I SCHOOL, soUTHPOKT. A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS. • T. ISHERWOOD, M.A., LL.D., D.C.L., Principal.

MIL FRED PODMORE. PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, RRCisIVBS PUPILS on piano and organ. Central room, Reduced terms for Juniors. Open for engagements. —Apply 32. LOVELT•LINE, Warrington.

LADIES' SCHOOL, SUNNYSID3I HOWDEN EAST YORKSHIRIL—PrincipaI, Miss SUGDHN. The Next Term will commence May 6th. Vacancy for Governess Student ; small premium.

VAIRHAVEN HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS IL neat St. Annes-on-Sea.Bracing position,seaside.extensive accommt dation High-clats Modern Education. Staff includes liesiden, B.A. Mistress. and nine Certificated Teachers Exams. successes. Principal: MISS MILLE N.

HARROGATB.—TRINTTY COLLBGE.—Head Master, Mr P HUGHES, assisted by resident University vnen and visiting masters. Fine situation. modern appliances, oricket and football field, tennis courts, swimming bath. gymnasium. Good results in aliMraminations.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, LLCM., Professor of Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN. THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LovELY-LANE Warrington.

J °BERNATH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, WREXIIA.ISI. I Principals Miss Evans and Miss Jones, Beautiful house and grot is, hockey, tennis, cycling, gymnasium, great attention to music. att,`modern languages : resident gradu- ates and other mistresses; recent successes in Low,. Mateo Cambridge Locals and Assoc Board, RA. M, Ii 0 H, in- clusive terms.

-rHE AIISSMS PARTINOTON (Certificated Oxford 1 Women's Oxford and Cambridge Locals Senior. College of Preceptors. Trinity College, London, &e.), Successors to the Misses RIM MI3R, 23, Wilson Patten-ttreet, beg to state that the School will be RHOPRNIif) by them after the Raster Vacation (D V,), May 7th onder the name ol the HIGH SCHOOL WARRINGTON," at Home. Tuesday d Wednesday.Mav sth and 6th. For terms. testimonials, &a.. apply 23, Wilson-Patten-street:

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL-THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN or THURSDAY, APRIL 30TH. The HEADMASTER WILL BE at home to Interview parentd an WEDNESDAY. APRIL 29th. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, /cc. PREPARATORY FORM for BOYS from 8 to 12 years of age. PROS PECTUS and SCHOOL LIST on APPLICATION.

SOUTHPORT MODRRN SCHOOL, SCA.RISBRICA NEW ROAD. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. HEADMASTER—J. C. UNDERWOOD. A.C.P., F.R.G.S. NEW RBSIDIibICLI for ROARDIIRS recently opened. THE SOUTHPORT VISITER says: " The School is now undcuhtedly one of the very best of its class I Southport."

MOTOR CARS. MOTOR CARS. MOTOR" CARS. ANY MAKE; SUPPLIED AT MANUFACTURERS' PRICES, !MOTOR CARS ALWAYS IN STOCK. LESSONS IN DRIVING AND I tLL INFORMATION 'REE. ;A:FEW SECOND HAND CARS ON SALE. SOLE AGENT FOR THE !CELEBRATED "EX CELSIOR " MOTOR gBICYCLES SPRICE £45 ANDIX3S.: ;NSPECTION INVITED AT THE 5110WROOMS.1 .1. S. GARLAND, 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON.

ISAM. N. GREEN, IRONMONGER, AMMUNITION 'DEALER, THE SPOT SHOP, FISH MANKET, WARRINGTON. NOBEL'S BALLAETITE ANDIEMPIRE CELEBRATED CARTRIDGES. NURSERY IciitE-GUARDS, FARM TOOLS, GARDEN TOOLS, PENCIL% WIRE, WIRE NETTING. VARIETY AND VALUE UNEXCELLED,

C. D. MANCHESTER CLOTHINGI] DEPOT SPRING SHOW OF NEW SUITS, ILARGERLVARIETY THAN EVER. MENS,' YOUTHS', AND BOYS' suns, READY MADE OR TORMEASURE. 8 & 10111ORSEMARKET sr. WARRINGTON.

G. AND J. WEAVER 88, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. CABINET MAKERS AND UPHOLSTERERS ANTIQUE FURNITURE DEALERS, ETC., SOCIND:..k.ND RELIABLE PURNITUREIATIIREASONABLE PRICES. REMOVAL CONTRACTORS BY: ROAD AND: RA.:L TO ALL 'PARTS OFETOWN AND COUNTRY. WAREHOUSE 1,!, AND WORKS: FRIARS GREEN. TELIPIIOBII No. 357 Y.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, 'BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUtE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVESING :SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, J EWELLERS, SI LV ERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD ANT) SILVER WAICHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OP LTiCRY DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 Pl6ll CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old nold and Silver Antiques, Diaraonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. ItiloPey advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, lc., to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD ,TEFFREYSI 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERFOOL, PRAI4Is MAXIIR AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Bcc. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PIIOI'OGILAPHS for Crystoleum and Panel "'abating. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

MANLY • MEN! Why oath from 'pains and misery caused by Bervousnes Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send to my book, which shows how every man, young and old, can be thoroughly and quietly cured without STOMACH MEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specime3ts of letters received, utei gvarlnteed genui "I cannot find words to express r,w Alma A.oi am. used to think I never would get cure. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I stionld bave saved many pounds.—G.P.M." I nave carried out your Instructions, and am now per redly well.--Z.7." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. Lxioff, 92 and 93, Great Russell Street, London, W.C. Sendat once and •be cured. 12 Years Continuous Suceeee

R EDUCTION IN PRICES FINEST FRESMBELFAST EGGS 16 & 18 A is. FINEST LIMERICK WICK EGGS l4 A le. DELICIOUS PURE BUTTER 'in. 18. PER LB. JOHN ASHLEY, 61, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

()N SALE, Splendid Clement-Panhard Voiturette,4f h.p., three speeds and reverse ; 8000c1 condition.—Wlrr- STANLEY, Park Place, Warrington.

CIYCLES, Frames, Frames, Frames. B.S.A. pattern £2 17s 6d only ; wheels 15s 6d pair.—WissrwAßD Ho CYCLE WORKS, 580 -High road, Chiswick. FEBB.—CYCLIsS—FItEIt. Cycles, Motors and Acces- sories, direct from Factory to Rider, 3000 new and second-hand machines actually in stmck, from 30s. each. B.S.A. and Eadie's machines marvellous bargains in Acces- sories. Free to any address, 80 page Catalogue Wholesale prices, Eye opener to all. 50 per cent. cheaper than others. Agents wanted—WARRILOW & Co.. Weston-suer-Mare.

DON'T BUY BOGIE OR POOR TYRES; REAL 1903 DUNLOPS, 16S. SD. A COVER, Is. EXTRA WOE FITTING. OTHER TYRES SINIILAR PRICE. ITS A FACT : ONLY THREEVILES TO IRELAND, SANKEY.

DO NOT SELECT YOUR MOTOR BICYCLE BEFORE INSPECTING OUR STOCK. Few Models just in of " QUADRANT " MOTOR _ "TRIUMPH " " ROYAL ENFIELD "and BICYCLES. 4, F. N. 4, all fitted with 2 Horse Power Engines. We shall be pleased to give any information if you will favour us with a call. ALSO LATEST PATTERNS of " LEA- units. FRANCIS." " TRIUMPH." "ROYAL ENFIELD"" SUNBEAM" and "SPARK- BROOK" CYCLES. INSPECT OUR TEN QUINEA. Machines (Lady's and Gents) Fitted with Dunlop Tyres. PT.) Wheel and Two Rim Brakes; Secondhand Bicycles from £2 10s. EASY PAY- MENTS. LISTS FREE. A few shop soiled Machines now being offered at greatly reduced prices. fiITCHINGS LIMITED, 74. BOLD-STREET. AND 165, DUKE-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

fflarbliierp, etc. GAS ENGINES, Robinson's " HR " Gas Engines are reliable and easy to pat down. —ROBINSON, Great Bridgewater Street. Manchester.

(AN SALR, Vertical 131,7(lItiti and BOILIIR. au It farmer kl butcher, or mineral water manufacturer .—Apply E3HovErrort, Chanel street, Leigh.

110 BA SOLD, a 16-Horse HORIZONTAL BNGINR and I. BOILER, Woodworking Machinery; Deal Frame; Planing and Moulding Machine; Band-Saw ; tenoning machine, shafting, pulleys. &c.—Apply WILLIA.3I WIDE, Market street, Crewe.

PATRNTS Obtained Daily. Provisional protection, 405 inclusive. Noted for moderate charges. Special quota- tions for foreign patent& Write for price list free by post —BROMHELD AND 00., Licensed and Registered Patent Agents, 33, Cannon-street, London.

ON SALE 4 H P STEAM ENGINE inverted cylinder and fitted with sensitive governor ; also 1 FI P horozontal, double slide bars, and self contiined, second hand and cheap; for shafting, pulleys, Ac, machine repairs, turning, planing. general and builders srnithwork ; estimates given.—Apply C. Co'rTort, Scotland road, Warrington.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMITS!) (late Ormerod, Grierson and Co), mime. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. having recently Purchased the whole of the Wheel, Pulley and Wheel Block Patterns belonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., Londou•road Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheel d Pulley Patterns on application. k.T., No. 229, Manchester: ' Telegraphic address: " Orrnerod Grterson. Manchester."

pATENT OFF Tor. MAN CHESTER BEITABLISNED IN 18.36. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish- ment andpossesspraetimal knowledge of the cotton,woolleu and Iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6.1. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. GEORGE DAVIES, 0.13., & 90R, F.1.P.A.. M.S.A 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

SUN INSURANCE OFFIC FOUNDEP 1710. SUM INSURED ExCr.EDS £460,000,000. For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son Briage-st Messrs. Woods & Son, Commercial Chambers 55, Horsemarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voisey. 21, King-street Mr. R. Lowe,l, Bank—street

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- EDUCATION COMMITTEE MUNICIPAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. SUMMER SESSION. DAY CLASSES :—STILL LIFE PAINTING, SKETCH- ING CLASS, DRAWINa HEAD LIFE. WOODCARVING, DRESSMAKING, AND ART NEEDLEWORK. BVENING CLASSES :—GENERAL ART CLASSES, SHORTHAND. FRENCH, WOODCARVING, DRESS- MAKING, AND ART NEEDLEWORK, TANNING BUILDING CONSTRUCTION, MACHINE DRAWING, INKING-IN-CLASS. Clatses in the above subjects will be held during the Summer Session Commencing April 21st, Further T.RrticuTare. and Entrance Forms, may be had on application at the Technical Tl,stitute, Palmyra Square. J. MOORE MURRAY, M. Sc : (Viet) Director of Education.

RADOON COURT CLUB. TENNIS CLUB lIA.S BEEN FORMED AT RADDON COURT LATCHFORD. INTENDING MEMBERS SHOULD 'APPLY TO THE SECRETARY, MR. A. C. ASPINALL, HADDON COURT, FOR TERMS ETC. SIX COURTS: EVERY CONVENIENCE : DRESSING- ROOM, ETC., ETC.

IMPORTANT NOTICE.. MR. R. H. PEARSON BEGS TO ANNOUNCE THAT IN CONSEQUENCE OF A ROYAL COMMAND THE GRAND SPECIAL ALBAN'. CONCERT FIXED FOR FRIDAY, MAY IST, HAS BEEN POSTPONED TO TUESDAY, MAY 12TH, •T 8 P.M. NOTE.—ALL TICKETS PURCHASED will be AVAIL- ABLE FOR TUBt•DAY. MAY 12TH. SECURE YOUR TICKETS for this Brilliant Concert AT ONCE at 10, Bold Street, Warrington. TELEPHONE 370 r.

VA N wet 'The most delicious as l as the most nourishint, of all cocoas. I. ~ .. . ~. ..; .. . I • , i;:s.i'••• . -.. , ;.• ~ . 1 . _ . • ' - i :5,. , ' , .., • .;. • .. : .• , • 47, ft, • . . . . - ', . ~,, ,• 3 Ilik )(41. ...: 1_.,. I 4.,<,,... ••• ' , • . - - . Pi ~._ . ....:. (0 .....-, ....," .:,,A ..... .5.,-:..g. t.i., ~ • ~.•.,,,,,,,, ..v.;p. .- co - (--- ------_,) Not only builds up tits pup, so, _ ) ~, moat*. ,- .-....., .. ..„c--;-,-.„ A..' The body but supplies ---..„-: .F,....iiii....i.i. ; . .......;:::.• (~. N. '---‘,,..,_.-.a. ,---------, ~ strenisth &enery for the day's work. . - ,0,1111-•,—,.:,.- ~, . 1 i I,li gthrill : 111114111 r it' .-, 6 _ -9 , ~,-.•- .. . . ~, -

VI/EI)I3INCr EtING-S5, GENE RINGS. FOR V:11:CF, VISiT ,CHARLES WOLF, WHOLESALE JEWELLER, Only Address : w, RENSHAW ST., LIVERPOOL

Marvellous TALKING MACHINES , ~\*. • All kinds. .I*, Archer & Sons 5 St. Ceorge's Crescent .. ..,,*— --. ~- ,-..---- _- , 5,.,.%•---- ..1) Castle - _,--------- -,---- ' Street, Liverpool 74......--.......-4.,;.-. .1 ..:,...:,-, - rrin ---......,....;........_-__--- , X2O - Ir - • . 1 r i..,,-1-,0 c„,..... • ' •72.1 e,tf::';',.. ?. ~, .2 .. ~ .4 „,, • 4 --, -.,; ~. V• -1-,,, ' t: • il FROM £lO i 0

ll CATALOGUES also' BOOKLETS FREE from the undermentioned: lKw arringtoq, T. Daintith, Bridge St. crewe, F. Wooldridge, High St. qutsford, J. Crice, Princes St. insford, Stubbs & Rogersoq, /Ugh SI Altrincnam,J. Richardson,Market St

CRICKET. I 113.10KETHRS will be glad to know that GEO. G. Bum! 1...1 AND Oo's Catalogue is out and may be obtained from Sports Dealers. This Manufacturing Firm is always bent on improvements. Their new Compound Ball "POLLOID" is the most perfect resemblance to the leather Match Ball that has been produced, costing under half the price. For Leading Clubs G. G. B. lc Co.'s. •• Duplex Cover" reigns paramount over all Cricket Balls. (61) ..., f-. . ' . ' , . _ -

SPECIAL OFFER. Cut out and return this Advertisement when ordering, and Frank Sugg will allow you a special and entirely extra discount of 2i per cent.

CRICKET REPAIRS. EXPEDITION. RELIABILITY. Under the personal supervision of FRANK SUGG on the premises.

-lOd, 1/3, 1/6 ing Merino - 1/6, 2/- wwers - -10 id, 1/6, 2/- Satteen in all colors. WICKETS Ash (plain) 3/6 Ash Ferruled 3 9 Ash Solid Tops s'. Ash Revolving 6,9 Iron 5h0d.94.84 grind BALLS Challenge 219 Aaahlk Sliggcess 3/5. illyiiker 4/6. ' Witch 616. Mfr, LEG GUARDS (4),r6d.17.761hVire.r 1,24 Sernt,Skeleton. 5/3.69 , 7/6. 8/9. 10,6, per pair. Skeleton, 8 6 per pair. , li' C RICKET BAGS CRICKET BOOTS •• Brown Leather. 6C,7,6. tr,:e. 6.6,6/6. 7/6, IQ 0, 12/6. Wl4tobuc ii. I'l, ,;, ILA 16,27 j.

MARRIED Persons should send two stamps for illustrated booklet of elastic hosiery, belts, trusses, syringes, Enemas. surgical appliances and specialities of every description .—NORTHERN SURGICAL & RUBBER APPLIANCE CO., 161. SEVEN SISTERS ROAD, HOLLO- WAY, LONDON.,

1 FER BRAVAIS Bravais' Iron in CONCENTRATED DROPS cures: Paleness, Consumption, IL- . Poorness of Blood, etc. Bravais Iron is prescribed by I . •11 the leading Physicians in all Coun- tries. PUP. BED. JOITN.—"Ie bus all ._..., 5 ,tipstiv,,,, sii,l;i dues not blurt:en tl, I " ....., teeth." 4 LA N CET. —" A beautiful and iuteresang prepa ra Cc', " , I Soon brings bark: Health, Strength & Fresh Complexion. Beware of Imitations.—Sold by Chemists , er.% wile:, I Wholeattle : —l3O, RUE LAFAYETTE. PARIS.

GARTONS IMPROVED BREED OF LARGE YELLOW GLOBE. MANGEL IS THE BEST, because It is possessed of the highest properties It produces the heaviest crops I I It wins the Leading Prizes ! Price 10d. per lb.; 90/- per cwt. Other sorts from sd. per lb. SEED EXPERTS, WARRINGTON.

in I ai risk CUSTARD A DAILY LUXURY! PO DER BIRD'S CUSTARD is Pure, Nutritious, and easily digested. Eggs often disagree; BIRD'S CUSTARD never. BIRD'S CUSTARD is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned, or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavor and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO ECCS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

EYLII.DIFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED LAUNDRY AND DAIRY MACIIIINERY Over 48 Cold ISilver Medals and First Priv-. Awards. NEW 50 - IVASIIING MACHINE (TIIC "TRIPLE "VOW." WASHINTOVICINOINt I "Dilrum.A.C. CHURNS. •NI, MANGUM: MACHINES. jlurTzx W0R1,13. Lsuanity Itsocusirss. Dsiar ArriAANces. Liberal Cash Terms. Catnlique9 P,st Fres. THOMAS BRADFORD AND CO, 140-142, High 1-lolhorn, London •' 130, 801 l street, Liverpool; Victoria Avenue, Manchester; Crescent Iron Works, Salford.

TOWLE S p •••• - * TO BE MG °FALL GHENISTSJNOOXES I. 2/.9, OR46;ORSEITANTIVIERE ON RECEIPrOFISMORSS STAMPS or E.T.TOWIe4c:GGIONGNOW NOTTINGHAM. ,

A Cielicatcy Ready. MITCHELL'S BONELESS No\,„ Pressed COOKED L-1400MIt. . Bacon • DAINTY, Trmrrisa, and READT TOR Ttni.r. From all Grocers, or a sample, (4 direct carriage paid for as. 6cl. Poßtal ()Men MITCHELLS, Ltd., 8, Victoria Street. Liverpool.

iliisrelianous, on goatee', ar.

SCARBORO.—CLARIINCH BOARDING HOUSE, Popular Tariff 5s 6d to 6s 641 per day; excellent table.--,T. TATE, 10 Blenheim street. LLANDUDNO. Lyndhurst Boarding hatabliehment (under new management) ; delightfully situatee Close to sea, pier, places of amusement.—Particulars, ap'ply Miss Jaavis.

RATS B I—Kaslene 2 destroys.—Send three stamps (sample), KiBLENE CO.. 6, Carey-lane. London. eI_OLD FOUNTAIN PEN 4s 6d, Stylographio 2s, Excellent value.-33, LUTTERWORTH ROLD, Northampton.

DOUCILAS EMP G IRIC BO&ROIN 1101131 s. Castle Mona Central Promenade; close to places of amusement and bathing grounds; tram passes door; terms ss. 6d. to 61. per day.—Mrs KELLY, Proprietress.

I ONDOS.—TAY HOTSL, 154 Suston-road. Three minutes .1.. J from King's Cross, St Pancras and Ruston Railway Stations; bed and attendance 3s 6d; private sitting-room 58 6d per thy ; highly recommended.—A 0 RODNEY, Propr.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 A 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOER CONMORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. ABERYSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 2f guineas per week, or 9s per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.30 o'clock. For TARIFFS Scc., apply to W. H. PALNIER, PROPRIETOR.

IjAmBELL'S F/INIALB PILLS Is L'id. 2s. 9d 41. 6d. post LA free. Plain wrapper.—S. OAKES & (Jo, 1, Bond-street, Weymouth.

A STROLOOY, important changes. marriage partner de- ll aribed4 send age; Ia.—BoWNESEI, Clough Bridge, Bridlington.

MILBS SPIRAL MIGNONKTTS, 64 oz ; sweet pea seeds the best varieties, 6d 1000, post free.--fl. RANDALL. thregness.

G. ARDEN NETTING, 100 square yards, one piece 3s; fair condition. free delivery, send cash.--E. A. NORTHEY, Auctioneer, Plymouth.

C' 00IITHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT By OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

QTAMIBIERING effiotually cared by oorrespondente or per- k./ sonally, Treatise lent free. N. H. IlAsoN, 68 Manor Road, Clissold Park, London, N. IDDBEFECTION TEA CO, will send 6 lbs best tea 10s; 1 other qualities 91, Bs, and 7s. Cash on delivery.- 4.3-5 Great Tower street, London, 8.0.

A VOID IJNOLBAN FATS.—Use Maxwell's purely Vega- -11 table Butter. 3lbs 2s, post free ; excellent for pastry.— MAXWELL. 36 Gray's Inn road, London.

WHEN AT NEw BRIGHTON CALL AT . BERESFORD'S DINING ROOMS 24., VICTORIA ROAD 245 GOOD FOOD & MODERATE CHARGES A SPECIALITY. COMBINED WITH CLEANLINESS. PIC-NIC PARTIES CATERED FOR ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

HARDWARE. Clothing. Furniture. Jewellery, Bazaar Goods. Cheapest House in Trade. Catalogue tree.— BETtRIDGE and Co. (102), Birmingham. VALENCIENNES, lace. 50 yds., 2s, 'satisfaction guaran- teed; wider pattern, 5) yds., 31.—Mis8,CommaNcE, Hollyhurst. Stapleford, Nottingham

T UCKY Lovely Neckchains, set with various coloured ..LA Cones, 2s. each, latest novelty ; if not approved money returned,—LEwts, 11 Finsbury Park Road, N.

2/6 vmfutionr aMa monthd o l u fore, taught by above ey post amount, t o plafParticularsrom one stamp.—C. WOODROFFE. Frintou-on-Sea.

Flißß ELASTIC TRUSS given to all ruptured persons. introducing our trusses. Measurement outfit sent free. —HERNIAWELL, 2. Frederick Crescent, Brixton, S W.

WIFE'S MSDICAL ADVISER, 9d now ready. Price List of Surgical Appliances, 2d.—NORTHERN APPLI- ANCE Co., 161 Seven Sisters Road, Holloway, London. CEIIP POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINtiS, every variety Champion Rangers, Potato Peelers, Shoo on Wheels 10C page List free—mannoz's, Poland-street, Manchester. PRIVATE and Confidential advice given on any subject by poet. Send four p9nny stamps and stana CI directed envelope for reply to ROGAM t Co., St. Peter's rd Broadstair a.

apartment% furnisbtb Ilatusts, ttt mitS. THOMPSON, Roach House, 6, Nydd Vale Terrace, Harrogate. Apartments. ORECAMBB. —APARTMENTS, or To Let Furnished; .111 one minute from sea.-10, GRAFTON TERRACE, W.B. CIOMFORTABLE, happy Home for Lady, good 000 king, references.—Marrou Housz, Blocklev, Worcestershire.

RIILMWS Compound Steel and Pennyroyal Pills for Fe- males are the best.in boxes,post free,ls lid Zs 9d ; best boxes, 4s 6d. Bstab. 1860.—HuLmE, Chemist. Nottingham.

HARROGATB.—Comfortable APARTMENTS.nes.r station and stray, good cooking. Eath.—Mrsmolt, 76 Dragon Parade. QT. ANNES.—Very nicely FURNISHED HMIS% near front; moderate terms.—Apply SUNNY VIEW, St. Alban's road.

14 ARTHBNWARB Dealers, Hawkers, &et • good assorted .1..!" crates, cheapest In the world. from £5 upwards, try one.—Jouti WARREN, Actual Manufacturer, Furlong lane ' Burslem. IRCZBMA, Acne, Bad Legs and every kind of Skin Dis- ease cured by PRoF. CROSSwAITE. 76, Kirkstall road, Leeds. The most successful Skin S; ectalist in nugland. Advice free.

T LANDUDNO.—Comfortable APARTMENTS facing sea. ; _LA centre of promenade and bay.—Apply Mae. J. Homing, 4. St- George's Crescent.

J ADIES' Skirts. Shirts Blouses, Underwear, perfect 14 fitting, latest fashions, wholesale prises ; descriptive catalogue tree.—MADAM A.LICIA, 14, Amberley street Liverpool.

- - T ORTH WALES.—FURNISHED HOUSEIS To Let or Sell; 11 apartments or board recommended.—BElCKSTONE & Co, House Agents, Colwyn Bay. P 0 ULTRY FARM—Private Sitting-room and Bedroom ; close to station; 10 min. Southport.-3118T1IFAIS, The Laurels, Woodvale, Southport.

2200 IN CASH PRIZES. Great Tea scheme,condi- tions perfectly simple,a child could fulfil them. Send 6d for a ilb sample and partioulars.—ALEXANDEß a Co., 28, X 'Rorie., B.C. .

BLACKPOOL.—Best and Cheapest APARTMLINTS public or private, at Mrs T. MOSELEY'S, 96 Albert road. Near Sea and Central Station. Piano.

A PLOWER GARDBN FOR is l-413 Penny Packets of ~tl. different Flower Seeds, post free is lid. Bach Contains ample supply.—Dept. 28, IMPERIAL SUPPLY STORES, 69 Endwell liotd, Brockley,Kent.

APARTMBSTS.—St. Annes-on-the-Sea, Misses FIELDEN (from Todmorden), 76 liastnor House, St, Andrews road South. near Station and Sea.

JjAND TRUCKS. Suit Builders, Decorators, Drapers. Printers. Grocers, and others. New £5 Ws carriage paid. Well finished. P hoto and particulars. Approval.— RIomE. Stone street, Gravesend.

C— OLWYN BAY.—APARTMENTS pleasantly situated, near woods and sea; five minut9s from station.— Misses IinoaDBENT, Ravenswood. Rhlw road.

WALL-PAPIIRS FROM 11D, Plitt ROLL. Any quan- tity, large or small, at Wholesale Prices. Stook exceeds 100,000 rolls, all classes.—BialsErr, Campfleld- avenue. Liverpool-road. Manabester.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs Uttley, 94, Albert road. Reasonable APARTMIiNTd. public or private, clean and homely; near Central Station and all amusements. Piano.

MISSSS TWKRUALti (tormerly of Rochdale and America), Northampton House, 46 Hull road, off Central Drive, Blackpool. Apartments, Piano.

--- • - - - OLESKINS ! MOLESKINS ! Sell your Moleskins INJL direct to the Manufacturing Furrier ; any quantity ; no middleman's profit : cash by return.—PloTßowsKY, 3, Grove Park road, Tottenham. London. N. DRooolll3S.—Our novelty 18 carat gold tilled Brooches _0 cannot be equalled. For a few weekS only. Satisfac- tion guaranteed. Post free, P.O 0 2s Bd.—TWEEDALE and DUPONT, Dept N.. 9 Mincing lane, London. B.C.

BLisCKPOOL.—lidrs. KEstP,Troy House. Brunswick street. 40 yards from Promenade, between North and Central Piers ; public and privAte sitting-rooms ; with or without board.

DICRBYSFIT R}.— Beautiful FARMHOUSE APART- MATS near Chatsworth, Haddon. etc, or would let at a furnished house for long or short period.—TommxSoN, Bubnell Hall. Baslow.

DLACKPOOL.—MRS. J. BRID3HA.W, from Vialkdea IP late Haderoft and Higson, 61 Coronation street; com- fortable apartments, with or without board.—Terms moderate ; piano.

BBEr BARBED WIRE 13s 8d cwt; plain'steel fencing wire 81 8d cwt ; roofing felt unequalled 2s 11d, ele. 5s 54 roll 25 yards long, 3 rolls delivered tree.—ARTHUR JONES & SONS. HErra IRox Co.. Cathay,. Cardiff.

NBTTING. rS WITING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Beta, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.Tnomas JOHNSON'S, Net Warehouse CorporPtion-street. Manchester.

BLACKPOOL.—A delightful holiday at the seaside with home comforts, reasonable charges, .:an be had to perfection by staying with MR3 DUCKWORTH 26, Vance road, near Central Station.—Terms 2s per day,for two persons. 0

F- - REEHOLD LAND. £25 per acre, Wallop. Wanston and Chilb ,lton ; picturesque and healthy villages in Hants ; plots £lB ; free deeds ; instalments ; bungalows.—Plans and particulars, Mr. BRLKE, Chilbolton, Stockbridge, Hants. URBEHOLD LAND, £26 per acre, Wallop. Wanston. and Chilbolton ; picturesque and healthy villages in H ints; plots £18; free deeds ; instalments ; bungalows.—Plans and particulars, Mr. BRAKE,Ohllbolton, Stockbridge, Hants. THRILITY in Women : Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. An Illustrated Edition, by a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women, post free 3s Bd. London SHELLEY A CO., LTD, 38, Graeechurch-street.

T AMES P. BATH and SON. STOCK AND SHARR BROKERS, Tistablished 1875. 2.9. RANBLAGH-STREET, LIVERPOOL gPtorkg, fttnl/005, tft.

CHIP POTATO, Fried Fish, etc —A genuint, business doing a large trade /Shop handsomely fitted. Price £l5O Part Can remain.-117. STRAND TOAD. Bootle,Liverpool.

CUMBERBIRCH'S FOR CHINA VASRS, Figures, Flower Pots, Tubes and Stand,Toilet Sets, Dinner Sets, all kinds of fancy chinaware and glass goods, Dishes, &c. Visit or write for list.--itOCHDALE ROAD, near Shudehil I Manchester.

CI LLSS, CHINA, AND EARTHENWARE BUSINESS to VI be Disposed of thorough death ; goodwill, fixtures. £25; stock at valuatlan.-115, PREBCOT STET. Liverpool,

HULME'S " COMPOUND" STINT. and PIiNNYROYAL PILLS for Ferrale Neces‘ities are the beet, and always effective. In boxes pcst ee, is. lid. and 25. 9d.; best boxes, 45. 64. listawished 1860.—Himmes, Chemist., Nottingham.

HAIRDRESSING., Umbrellas and Fancy Goods Business for Bale, on main road. Paying concern ; nnder management. Large house and sale window, £25.--Apply Law & Co., 35a, Uancbesber street, Liverpool.

G 001) Corner GROVIRY and PROVISION SHOP in good position. well fitted, two windows ; four bedrooms sitting-room and large kitehen ; rent £27; ingoidg, fixtures and utensils, £Bo;stock at cost. Address Box C.H.,Rxamlner Office, Warrington.

PURN COD-LIVER OIL, warranted pure, direct from manufacturer. Bottles containing pint and half 2s, carriage paid. Special quotations for quantities.—R. COL- BRIIXIE, Cod-Liver 011 King, Works,Stanley street,Grimsby. Pstablised 1884.

(STRICT{ FEATHERS, DOUBLE CURLED, Long White or Grey, 75 6d and 10a 6d; Black, 95 6d and 125 6d ; Tips, Ss Bd, 45 Bd, and 55 6d each. Post free on receipt of order. Satisfaction guaranteed.—Gtoonrxin, Box 181. Cape Town. South Africa.

OUTFITTIIR, Hats and Hosiery ; established; k..)T Rent £3O. Good living house. Doing nice business. Own.r retiring. Price £2OO for stock fixtures and goodwill. In Manchester suburb.— Apply HAzLEffurtsT, Cavendish Road, Eccles.

SUITS FOR SPRING, 225 6d, 27564, 315, to order beauti- fully made and hard wearers.—Trousers, 65 114, 85 64 to orders; easy measure forms, testrnonials.and patterns free, This Is not a catch advertisement.—HoLmEs & Sox, The Great Postal Tailors, Buxton.

DUTCHHHS.—FOR DisrosA.L. grand shop in growing 13 neighbourhood beautifully fitted doing about five quarters of Beef, 3 Sheep, Pork, Beef and l'ork Sausage ; no opposition,chance seldom met with; £5l ererything.—Apply 140 CLAREMONT ROAD, MOBS Side, Manchester. _ florotss. arriageo ?Übe tr.itit &t. f

TIORITANNIA. JOE,' the New and Popular Song, .1../ expressly written and composed In honour of Fogland's Great Colonial Secretary, the Right Ron, Joseph Chamberlain, M P., by W. B Smith. Post free Is 6d.—.1, J. POOLE, 290, Uxbridge road. London, W.

TO BB SOLD TWOSLANDAUS in very good order, £l6 and 1 £2O. . PORTER, 139. Poulton road, Southport. () N SALE, 12 Sets Light Harness, 4 Sets Cart Harness, 2 Sets Double Harness, 100 Collars, all sizes. —W. CULSICAW, 3, Cony Nook, Blackburn.

-VOTED BLACK for GOLD and SILVBR GOODS. Guards, 11 Chains. Wedding Keeper, Gem and Signet Rings. Brooches, Medals, Cigarette Cases and all kinds of Jewellery, Watches, Clocks, Cutlery, &c.—Write for Het or visit CUMBERBIRCH'S, near Shudehill, Manchester.

A BAY MARE TO BE SOLD 14 hands high, 8 years old; 1-1 warranted a good worker; price £3.—Apply 21 BUR- ROUGHS GARDENS,IOff Limekiln lane. Liverpool. TO BE SOLD eheap. 3 WAGGONETTES, to carry 20, 12, 1 and 10; rernlvable tops; equal to new ; no reason- able offer refused.—Apply JOHN DRAPER, Sandy lane, Lowton St. Mary's, Newton-le-Willows.

KEEP FROM DAMP.—Whita indiarubber waterproof Sheets, 461ns by 421ns, with brass eyelet holes, 2s each ; 7ft by 4ft, Eis ; Bft by 6ft, 5s ; or any size, price in pro- portion ; carriage paid. Cask returnedtf not approved of.— From H. J. GABSON. Government Contractor, Rye.

SKIN DISICASRS. eczema, bad legs, pimples, no matter how iong standing. itching relieved instantly. Cure absolute. Indian Unguentum, post free, is 9d.—Write Mr. SEAMAN. 1, Carlton terrace. Newport road, Aldershot, from Skin Disease Department, Cambridge Hospital, Aldershot.

To BB SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works. lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suicable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. flosxmo, 16 Fenwiok-street, Liverpool.

DA.NKRUPT STOCK, Polished Oak and China sfslad bowl I) with ladles, nickel silver mounted 10s 64. ditto bisani t barrel 6s, ditto butter tureen and trowel 51, lady's 9at, gold ring. hall-marked 4s 6d, silver albert 3s 64, gold brooch in case is 64, also ss, founbsin pen Is. Appr3val—PAßßY, Auctioneers. Oxford street, Bilston.

A 1413NEY-SAVING NOTION !—Walker's Letteretfes .111. the new handy form ol Stationery. A boon for private professional, or commercial lorrespondence. All papers praise them. All stationers sell them. —Write for pictorial pamphlet and free samples to JOHII WALKER IC Co.. Ltd., Wholesale Stationers, London, 8.0. It's worth the trouble of writinsc I

WHO'S YOUR LAWYRR P I haven't required one sine;-1 I bought of Crosby Lockwood Pc Sou, 7 Stationers' Hall Court, London, 13.0., a Copy of EVBRY MAN'S OWN LAWYBR,' by a BARRIBTER, price 6s 8d post free, which has beenfrepaid to me 20 times over In the saving of lawyers fees, Newfand Revised Edition (1903) just published.

3iisrtilanous. On Oalo, at.

rirOOTHAVEIII, MART BSSIINCR, certain cure, stops I decay, full directions P.O. Is. lid. SMART, dentist, Fearnhead, Nr. Warrington.

CAN YOU BEAT TIIIS ? A doublA width. 56 inches, all wool Indigo serge 3s. 6d, yard,patterns free, WELLS ON & CO , Aire Place Works, Leeds.

LIEBE ELASTIC TAU, given to all ruptured persons 12 measurement outfit sent free.—IIERNIACCRE, 2 Frederick Crescent, Brixton, B. W.

DUMHSAD CABBAGB PLANTS. Quantity sturdy stuff early giant and Robinson's Champion 3s 1,000, 25s 117/AO.—SALE and SON, Wokingbam. Berks.

ADIBS' DAINTY MATSUI sLS for Blousis and Dresse I/ new Spring colourings, 41?, yard. Carriage paid Patterns free.—DRESS WAREHOUSE (893) Darlington.

I_o/6 fßatrr;PtoHwilearßerO, Urrite2oardtilutostramteetd‘ lict,.ilaretalotrgouLne and simple self-measurement form.—Hannu'e BESPOKE BOOT FACTORY, Kettering.

J ADIES' CHESS LENGTHS. 3s. 11d. carriage paid. 1.4 Snowflakes, Zibelines, Tweeds, Poplins, A.rmures, Alpacas, Cashmeres, &c., patterns free.—PEAßsozes DRESS WAREHOUSE. Leeds. A RTIFIMAL LIMBS, Surgical Appliances for Weak and 11. Crooked Legs, Surgical Boots, tc. Prices far below those of other makers.—Fs.flartmralf & Sox, Wigan. Established over 60 years.

MARRIED PERSONS send 2 stamps for our valuable Booklet, containing useful information.--NoRTHERN SURGICAL AND DOMESTIC APPLIAZIOE CO., 161 d, Seven Sisters road, Holloway. London.

r 00K 1-4,000 Pairs New MILITMVIC BLUCHNELS sewn I/ very best leather soles ; will send one pair. any size post free for 5s 6d per pair; money returned if not approved of.-11.. J. GASSON, Government Contractor. Rye.

SRBD POTA.TORS FOR SAL% selected kinds, namely British Queen,Up-to-Date. Scottish Triumph blaincropa: also new Scotch Seed, and about 'twelve tons Manure. —Apply J. CLiFiE, 1, Foundry street, Warrington.

100,000 EijainSTr2s6l3dxhlibOirn Sutton.liUBVaLnBt Druruhesd2s6d. Red Pickling' 2. 6d. All fit for field plant- ing at onee.—HORNE and Sorra, Cliffs, Rochester, Kent.

UNOLAIMBEI MONBY, next-of-kin, etc., Send for lists of penons, or their representatives,recently advertised for. You may possibly benefit by doing so. Post free is. Mr. MoßroN.l7s. Finborough-road, West Brompton. London.

POSTAGN STAMPS bought and sold; SOO foreign and eolonial postage stamps, all different, guaranteed genuine, free 2s 6d; price list of Philatelite Accessories on applieation.—M. E, Bitosx.tiv, 27, New Oxford et, London. A ORTTLENS GAS LAMPS, FRIAR 44 6d each, better .LA quality Eis 3d each, cycle capes post paid 24 9d each, cape straps 6d and 9d esch,post paid;luggage carriers 2s each, post paid. Trade terms on application.—Rivxx CYCLE CO.. Wolverhampton.

-I AND to be Sold, for Wo'rks, on the bulks of the Koch- JLI dale (lanai Newton Heath. 1 miles from the Ex- change, on chief reat for 999 years ; also Land for the erection of cottages.—Apply to Mr. J. IikIiNtSHAW, estate offices, 78. King street. Manchester.

jp WALTON AND 00— Manufacturers. will take eggs. 1:J. poultry and anything useful for hotels and dining rooms in return for costumes and blouses, also lengths of Cloth and dress goods.—Address 117. SPRING MOUNT Thornbury. Bradford.

TANNBD GAM:UM NBTTlNG.—Protect your Peas, I. Seeds and Buds from frost, blight and ravage of birds ; Net oiled and dressed, 3i square yards. is.; can be sent any width or length ; carriage paid on orders over 64. HENRY ROBINSON. Garden Net Works, Bye, Sussex.

_ DROTECT YOUR GARDRNS.—Garden Netting, small 1_ mesh. will keep off the smallest birds, 35 square yards for Is. Will not rot if left out in all weathers. Send any width. Carriage paid on all orders over ss. As supplied to the Royal Gardens. Commoner netting at 53 sq. yds for is. Cash returned if not approved of.—From If J GisßoN,Garden Netting Works, Rye,

-DRociny HENS, thoroughly tested; 34 6d each; 2s 6d .t..P next month.—NunEELe, Day House, Shrewsbury. I.74GS.—White Cochin eggs. prize strains, 6s 6d dozen.— Rev. M. B. WYNNZ. Allington Rectory, Grantham.

LIGGS from Salmon Faverolles, massive birds, 39 dozen; 121 the Farmers's FowI.—BROWN, Heath Villa, Bun- bury, Tarporley.

PURE WHITE LEGHORN EGGd 3s per dozen. Ply mouth Rock and Duck Eggs 30 per dozen.—ZONES, The Farm. nor sehay. Salop.

IsGGS. —BROWN LEGHOKN. Simon Hunter's beet, and 114 Hurst's strains, 2s: 133. sitting.—HunirEe, I, Clifton terrace, Within's-lane Liscard.

PARTRIDOR WYANDOTTE' REMS, Ss. 6d. dozen. from prize-bred bird.; wonderful layer.; good for table.— BBINDLY Woon, Ryton, Shrewsbury.

REDUCBD is. 9d. sitting.--tioudan, Mick Leghorn liggs, first cross, excellent layers ; Hunter and Cook's strain. —BURROW. Eardingtou. Bridgnorth.

WN HITE LEGHOR EGGS for Sale, from exceptionally good layers, 3s. sd. dozen ; unfertile replaced.— BURDON HUNTER, Morpeth Castle, Northumberland.

EG-GS from pure-bred silver Wvandotte's ; also White Leghorns, 35. dozen. Unfertiles replaced ; carriage paid.—WATßott, Sytebouse. Claverley, Wolverhampton. PURS BRED EGGS FOR SALE.—lndian Game, per doz. ; Salmon Favorolle, 55 ; liver Wyandotte, 3s 6d ; White Legborns, 35. 6d —M. JONES, Delbury, Craven Arms.

PUH BISCUIT MBAL.—Plain, 10s per cwt. ; with{rneal. R 12s 6d. ; fine chicken meal. 12s 6d. : put on rail ; cash with order.—Buz and Co., Biscuit Factory, 15, Strand- street, Liverpool. "

SPANGLED Orpington., Buff and Black Orpingtons, Minorcag, Andalusians, Leghorns, Rocks, Oampines and Wyandotteg, 3s. doz.—W. MAYoß,Borough Hill Poultry Farm, Daventry, -- 1 AYIN4 STRAIN, average 172 per bird, of White Leg- -1-1 horn, Black Minorcas, Buff Orpington, and Aylesbury Duck Eggs; 2s. 6d. per sitting.—Mmt.s, Addison Wood, Penwortham. Preston.

J. S. GARLAND, SOLE AGENT FOR LEA FRANCIS," " PREMIER " AND BAYLISS - THOMAS " EXCELSIOR " CYCLES. THE EXCELSIOR CYCLES WITH DUNLOP OR CLINCHER A. TYRES, FREE-WHEELS AND FRONT AND REAR WHEEL. RIM BRAKES AT THE 'ASTONISHING PRICE OF TEN GUINEAS, ARE THE BEST VALUE ITHE WORLD HAS YET PRODUCED. BOLE AGENT FOR EXCELSIOR MOTOR BIC Y CLES, BEE TRIAL ALLOWED TO INTENDING !PURCHASERS INSPECTION IS INVITED AT THE SHOWROOMS. 51, 53 AND 55, BRIDGE STRE T, WARRINGTON.

FRANK DAVIS, NUGGET SPORTING AGENCY MIDDELBURG, HOLLAND. MANCHESTER NOVEMBER IHANDICAP ETC. A Daily Price List issued, showing latest market change WRITE FOR MY GREAT WINCHESTER NOVEMBER HANDICAP CIRCULAR. A WEEKLY PLACING CONTEST. For all further particulars address as above.

THE OPOT SHOP, FISH MARKET, WARRINGTON. [FORIUSEFUL ARTIOLICSIFOR XMAS. FOR BEST STAMM. IN EVERYTHING. GO TO SAM N. GREEN'S. IRELAND'S SPECIALITY, 4CD viT V V ALTON " BICYCLE RIO 10s. THE BEST VALUE ON EARTH. MADE TO ORDER FROMIB.S.A. FITTINGS. ANY TYRES. W. H. IRELAND & CO WALTON CYCLE WORKS, GREAT SANKEY, NEAR WARRINGTON.

UGGS for Sitting from pure bred birds, Buff Orpingtms .1.0 Black 141inoreas, Sliver-laced Wyandottes, Blue Andalusians. Aneonas, Buff Wyandottes 2e. 6d. per 13. Apply TAYLott, Poplar Farm, Hough Green, Widnes.

LIGGS FOR SITTING.—Dark Brahma, Black Minorca , 12J Sliver Grey Dorking, Black Langshan, White Leghorn. Buff Orpington, Houdan ; Prize Strains ; excellent layers , 38 61 per doz ; unfertiles repixced.—WuEseu, Betley, Crewe;

EGGS FOR SITTING. Pure bred Indian game. Dark _JO Dorking. Barred Rocks. Buff Orpingtons. 3s 6d for 13. Also a few Indian game and Barred Rock Cockerels for sale 78 6d each.—BENTlism,Sepliton's liall,Upbolland near Wigan

LlGGS.—Sittings of the folinwing pure varieties, all grass 1-..4 runs :—Buff and jubilee Orpinztons, Partridge Wyandottea, Campines, Black Harnburghs, and Brown Leghorus.guaran teed fertile,2s;6dper sitting.-51A.89 F. ;HALL FARM, Thalweg.

I)IGBY'S BLACK LEGKORNS were in the prizes every LL, time they were exhibited ia 1302 including let Spec ial Dairy, 3rd Crystal Palace Bte. Rggs reduced from lOs 6d to 4s. Bight chialcenr to bstch, or another sitting half price.— LAUREL VILLAs, Bury. Lanc.

Ba. LACK LEGHORN EGGS from high-clss winners ; Cock 2nd, Leghorn Club Show 2nd, Hereford beating browns and whites Hen first third two fourths, the most profitable fowls to keep ; 3s 6d:thirteen ;unfertlles replaced. —PF.NTALL, Bridgenorth. Shropshire.

UGGS from LIGHT BHAHMAS,Ftench Houdans,Hornets. ID White Leghorns, Golden and White Wyandottes, all pure bred and from carefully selected layers, 3s 64 doz., carriage paid on two doz.. unfertiles replaced. certificate.— ARTHTJR STEPHF.NSCIN, Cowling Heighler, Yorkshire.

SILVER CAISIPINES I BEAUTIFUL FOWLS Prolific Layers ! Ist. Special. 3rd Osvrestry let Carlisle ; Ist Measham ; Ist, 2n4, two 3rds, Ludlow : 4th Hereford, &o. Eggs from this pen 65. dozen ; all failures from whatever cause replaced free if returned carriage paici.—H. Bouvrox. Wrockwardine Bank, Wellington, Salop. BLUE-LACED ANDALUSIANS.—First a pen: Hen. (Wharton Egerton Jones), Cock (Woodall's strain) Second Pen: Hens (Woodall's), Cock (Cook's strains). Anronas (Chance's strain). Two firsts, one special. First Pens, 5s ; Second Pens, 38 '6d per sitting unfertiles replaced ; champion layers-. prize strain.—HzAD, Stan- more. Bridgnorth.

CONYiiitei RICKS can now supply sittings from their' well known stock of Buff Orpiructons, Buff Wyandotte, Barred Rocks, Silver Wyandottes, Black Minorca., White Leghorn!, Indian Game; also first Cross Indian Game, Buff Orpington, Aylesbury ducks, 3s. 6d, and els. 6d. per 13; every unhatched egg replaced.—AmnALF; FRUIT AND POULTRY FARM, nPar Southport. Write catalogue.

LIGGS FOR SITTING., StGa.SON 1902.-4 have again mated IA my pens for breeding. I have never wort any prizes, I never show, but my birds will compare favourably with those who do, and I cordially invite an inspection of the following pure breeds. Black Minorcas, Black Orpington'. Black Leg- horns, Buff Orpington,. Buff Wyandottes, Buff Leghorns, White Leghorne, Brown Leghorns, Blue Andaluslans, Houdens, Lancashire Buff Barred, Plymouth Hock!, (olden Wyandotte., Silver Wyandotte., Langshans, Indian flame, 2 Crosses : Houden Cock,Buff Orpington Hen—White Leghorn Cock, Honden Hen. liggs all 2s 6d for 13 except Indian game, and Langshans these 4s, if packed and put on Rail 6d extra. 'Also Indian Runner Ducks 24 per doz., if packed and put on Rail 2s 6d. If rot 10 fertile eggs in each sittln,z I will make all unfertiles good, if brought back or sent. N.B—No business done on Sunday.—HENßY DRAPER, 201 Newton- road, Lowton St Mary's, near Newton-le-Willows,

(.1 UFARTONS IMPROVED BREED OF YELLOW GLOBE MANGEL IS THE BEST. Awaded a Champion Prize of £25 in addition to other leading FIRST PRISES in 1901. Price 1/- per lb.; 105/- rer cwt CARRIAGE PAID Ft 5 PER :CENT. IDISCOUNT FOR EARLY PAYMENT. OTHER MANGELS from sd. per lb.

-- v.v. • U MBRELL AS UMBRELLAS I! LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE WOE PRESENT LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS MERELLAS AND SUNSHADES RE COVERED Is ail. IN HOUR FROM S. 6. T. BRIERLEY, 61, PICCADILLY AND OPPOSITE CONSTANTINE'S BATHS OXFORD-STREET, MANCHESTER.

PArr7,R AND BAGS, GROCERS' WINDOW BILLS,: I.OOICBTS, TWINBS, STA.TIONBRY. S. WEAVER, 3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON7

RAY AND MILES' CLEARANCE SALE, THIS DAY. ALL FURNITURE REDUCED IN PRICE. ALL FLOOR COVERINGS REDUCED IN PRICE. TURKEY CARPETS, GREAT BARGAINS. ALL FOREIGN CkRPETS, GREAT BARGAINS. WINTER CURTAINS, G REAT BARGAINS. CURTAIN MATERIALS,' REDUCED TO LOW PRICES. ALL LACE CURTAINS AT REDUCED PRICES BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING A T REDUCED PRICES. GREAT BARGNINS IN HANDSOME BEDROOM SUITES. EVERY ARTICLE UCEDRED r PRICE, THIS DAY, AT RAY AND MILES' CLEARANCE SALE. TIIIS DAY TO MARCEL 14. INCLUSIVE. RAY & MILES, 34 TC 48, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

VI 3LINS, BOW AND CASES MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. OHN BYRO Ni, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER. Pupil of G. A. Chanot) 57, RENSHAW(-STREET (corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIEIY. THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING WILL BE HELD IN THE MASONIC ROOM, BOLD STREET, ON MONDAY, MAY 4TH AT 7.30 P.M. THE CHAIN WILL BE TAKEN BY THE FEESIDIINT, PARR, ESQ. W. E. ATKIN, } on. S ecs. F. J. LORD, 22, Bold it. Wirrington. April, 1903.

VATIONAL AMALGAMATED AS:ISOCIATION -LI OF IRON AND STICEL WORKERS OF GREAT BRITAIN, PUBLIC MEETING IN PARR HALL. SATURDAY NEXT, MAY 2ND, 1903, ADDRESSES BY : MR. JAMES COX, J.P.. (EN. SEC.) MR. HENRY BROADHUR Sr, M.P. MR. WILLIAM AUCOTT J.P., (PRESIDENT), MR. A. H. CROSFIELD,MR. C. E. PARKEEI,AND MR. COUNCILLOR TINN lON. Chair to be taken by MR. ALDERMAN MONKS, J.P., at o'clock prompt• SELECTIONS OF MUSIC by Warrington Male Voice Choir Admission free.

WARRINGTON PROTOURAPHIC SOCIETY AN EXHIBITION OF PHOTOGRAPHS BY MEMBERS OF THE SOCIETY WILL BE HELD IN THE OLD ACADEMY, BRIDGE-STREET, APRIL 28TH T 3 MAY 2ND, 2 P.M. TO 10 P.M. EACH DAY. ADMISSION FREE BY TICKET OR VISITING CARD. W. O J. TWIPSS,}HON. SECS. K. BISH.

LANCASHIRE COUNTY ASYLUM, WINWICK, WARRINGTON. The Visiting Committee invite TENDERS for DECORAT- ING the Recreation Hall at the Asylum. Fully detailed Specifications and coloured sketches shewing the proposed treatment must be sent with the tender. Tenders, addressed" lhe Chairman, Visiting Committee," and endorsed " Tender for Decorating," must be delivered at the asylum (not later than 9 am., on Monday, the 4th of May next. The Hall can be seen on application at the Asylum. The Corn mittee do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender, HENRY ELLIS, Clerk and Steward, By Order, 16th April, 1983. _

WINNING NUMBER for WATCH and CHAIN near ELLIS STREET, WARRINEITAN. No 88.

WILLIAM HADDOCK ROBINSON of 49, WILSON PATTEN STREET, WARRINGION, gentleman,who died on the 15th April instant.—ALL PER- SONS HAVING any CLAIMS against this DECEASED'S ESTATE are requested to send particulars thereof at once to JBNKINS & CO. Bank Chambers, Wacrington, Solicitors to the Executrix.

ATR. P. SUDLOW DESIRES TO THANK Ili HIS MANY FRIENDS who have BO kindly sympathised with him in his sad bereavement, 86, Winwick Street,

ARNOLD AND LEWIS, 7, BT. ANN'S SQUAW?, MANCHESTEII. HALL -MARKED SILVER GOODS. Established 1830.

HANIILTON 1-10US6 SCHOOL, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. PRINCIPALS : THE MISSES WILLIAMS. (CERT. UNIVERSITIES OF OXFORD, CAMBRIDGE, LONDON, TRINITY COLLEGE, LONDON, ETC.) THE PRIORY SCHOOL, WARRINGTON, PRINCIPALS: MRS. AND THE MISSES REYNOLDS. MRS. and the MISSES REYNOLDS (who are leaving Warrington) having TRANSFERRED THEIR SCHOOL to the MISSES WILLIAMS, the ABOVE TWO SCHOOLS will be CARRIED ON at the PRIORY from the beginning of next term, under the name of" THE PRIORY SCHOOL." The KINDERGARTEN WILL BE RETAINED, and boys under the age of ten admitted to the School. The NEXT TERN! will BEGIN THURSDAY, APRIL 60th, 1903. The MISSES WILLIAMS trust that the confidence given to Mrs. and the Misses Reynolds will he extended to them.

THE TRUE STORY OF CHARLES PEACE, THE MOST REMARKABLE OF CRIMINALS. OPENING CHAPTERS IN TO-DAY'S WEEKLY WELCOME. OF ALL NEWSAGENTS, PRICE in.

WANTED a STRONG GIRL about 18 or 20 as general.— 39, BATH STREET. Southport. 'WANTED GENERAL SERVANT.—AppIy MRS A, V. T TA.RPEY. 5, Wilson Street, Bury, WANTED, RESPECTABLE GIRL. at once.—Apply Mrs. PARKINPoN, 4, St. Jnnoos street, Southport.

WA.NTED a good GENERAL SERVANT. age about 20. Apply, 12, WINMARLEItiIi STREET, Warrington, WYANTED, 000 K, experienced ; wages £25 to £3O : Kitchenmaid kept.—Mist HuDSoli, Registry-, 19, Irlam street, Warrington.

WANTED, experienced GENERAL.Ifor Rochdale, in May good references required ; wages £lB.-3110 PETRIE Grandidge street, Rochdale. WANTED, Young WOMAN for firm; able to milk pre- ferred.—J. HAWORTH, Dewhurst Farm, Great Harwood, near Blackburn.

IVANTED, 000K-IitsNICHAL, small ~,Mhy, no wash- ing, wages £lB to £22,--Bliss HUDSON, 19, Irlam street, Warrington.

DR. SCOTTS PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVEN COMPLAINTS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS HEADACHE, DR• SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTIGN, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS ID IL SCOTT'S PlLlit MEDICINE. A In a green square package. Prices Is. 10. and 2s. 9d.

WANTED, smart GENERAL for small family, about 18 ; good wages to suitable girl.—Write Mrs BUSBY, 9, Bamford road, Didsbury, Manchester. WARTED GOOD 000 K-GENERAL, Wage £2O to £22, good character inclispensahle.—Apply to Ma. BLuzi- DELL, Thornhill, Auehtcn. near Orms kirk.

WANTICD. superior GENERAL, able to plain rook, wages £lB. two in fanally.—Miss HirDsoN. 19, Irlam street, 'Warrington.

WANTHD, SITUATION as GHNERAL (25) ; wash, iron and cook ; nice appearance ; eight years reference ; £l4 ; stamp for reply.--Mlliss B, TrI,LET, 63, North Hill street, Princes Park, Liverpool,

WAMED a TRUSTWORTHY GRNEIRAL, good refer- ences ; one Able to wash preferred.—Apply either personally or by letter to Mrs. BLA.NKLEY, Russell House, Grosvenor square. Ashton-on- blersey.

P-- OPULAR RECSORT.—FuIIy-licensed HOT IL, Glens, Plantations, Farm, 209 acras ; grand paying country life ; sooting, fishing ; principals only ; owner retiring.— CORLETT. Seafortb, Ramsey, Man.

DLACKPOOL.—SmaII FURNISHED HOUSE To Let for long or short period. near Talbot-road Station and trams.—Address 9, GORTON STREET, Blackpool. VG-GS FOR SITTING, off good ildfnarcas, white Leghorns, 11'.4 Andalusians, Houcians, ani Buff Cochins, 3s. 6d. for 13.—W. CHEW, 38. Andrew street, Bury.

EGGS. prize Black Minorca. prize Brown Leghorn, Golden Wyandotte ; grand laying birds ; unlimited run; 2. 6d doz.—WEBB. Lampert. Northampton, OHAMPION BUFF ROCKS and Orpington. (Bateman's) V 999 Eggs, December, January. February; grand layers, 3. per sitting.—T. BOOTHMAN. Whitworth, Rochaale. VRBEIHOLD LAND £26 acre. Wallop, Wanston, bolton, picturesque, healthy Tillages in Hants. plots EH, free deeds, Instalments, bungalows,—Plans, particulars, BRAKE, Chilholton, Stockbrlive. Hants.

EXPERT'S splendid SOLUTIONS. Any competition to- date and complete 9d. Satisfaction guaranteed. Numerous testimonials ; many correct Hats issued. Christian Herald, Royal, Larks, rpecialities.—J. DARBEN, 3 Yardley road, Birmingham.

THOROUGH HOUSEMAID WANTED; May 2nd ; Churchwoman ; age over 22; attend to schoolroom ; kitchenmaid till 11 o'clock : five servants.—Write, wage s ad full particulars. Hon. Mrs. IliNnsoN. Bradwall Hall, nabach. Cheshire.

WANTED, Situation as Coaohman ; experienced,reliable, abstainer ; good references ; wife laundress it required.—HlNDLE, White Hall, Hipperholme, Halifax. 1) OYAL LIVER FRIENDLY SOCIETY AGENTS IL WANTED, whole or spare time; good salary with 25 per cent and interest in book to experienced men.—Apply to A. SMALTAIIAW, 397 Common road, Harlestown.

youNG LADY, smart and intslligent required for War— rington, to inspect and report on shop windows, etc., cyclistloreferred : no calling. canvassing. or selling ; part time only.-0.1 P., Box 1465 HADDoN.B ADvERTIJING OFFICES, Salisbury square, London, BC.

RACING UNIQUE.—Grant secret worth £100; can make a certain income ; proof sent ; can win at every race meeting ;5s free.—Adlress CRANK, 9 Hat. Upper Midhope, Penistono. Sheffield

ARE YOU A MARTYR? SUFFERING FROM INDIGESTION. BILIOUS- NESS, INABILITY TO ASSIMILATE YOUR FOOD, Wind in the Stomach, and yet trying to do your daily work like a healthy man ?ig IT MAY I BE. HEROIC That effort of yours but you are imund to fail in the race for wealth, unless you get rid of these troubles at once. There is a newly discovered enzyme wcuch is ten times as powerful as Pepsin which will digest your food for you, resting your stomach and giving it the tone necessary to perfor n its normal functions. This new discovery is embodied in ILLER'Sf DYSPEPSIA TABLETS WHICH ARE SOLD BY Ho 1/ ILLER, CHEMIST. 77, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, AT 7Ln, PER BOX.

THE EXAMINER. MAY Ist. 1903.

......, t • -.,. ..,, C,- . , . , . . , .• • . -...., , .., .. , .... '. • ' ..1 ~..).t . . % .... =,-.. ommeili. ,

THE Warrington and fill-Cheshire Examiner. Dub 'Jibed every Saturday morning. THE _Runcorn Examine-, published Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and ffers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widnes Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming n Important centre of industry. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published 1 every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEM:ENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 38 45 54

U P" (I.MTTLP,IiRticLit'EDL) QUART SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9,4/6 AND 5/3 PEE QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PEEL BOTTLE, FULTON BROS, WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

ON WEDNESDAY NEXT AND FOLLOWING DAYS W. T WILLIAMS WILL MAKS ;SPROUL SHOW OF NEW SPRING MILLINERY, DRESSES, BLOUSES, ETU. 74, SANKBY-STRIIRT AND 1, LRGH-STRIIBT, WARRINGTON.

A GRAND CONCERT IN AID OF TElrg CIL. RUNCORN INSTITUTE DAY SCHOOL ATHLETIC SPORTS will be given in the DRILL HALL, RUNCORN, ON MONDAY, MAY 4TH. AT 8 P.M. Prices 25, Is, and 6d° ARTISTES : Sovatwo : MISS CLARA COLLIER (Liverpool Philharmonio). BASS: HE WILLIASI SWESTIAN (London and Provincial Concerts). Huatomirr : MR RECHNALD H nrarnithn. solo your; : 31K WRITS/UM Liv4rpoll. RtTC'MU ORWI rßtr S)JtdQY ( 'co ‘lnfeT)ft 1411 FL )14.7. W RANT LIM. P :•) 41:1 ) I . I‘. 61.

PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY ETC. TO BENEFIT GREATLY FURNISH AT ptitts,s Etta&lished 1845. PUNCHES/TER _ prrrs,s FURNISHING GUIDE containing 800 Artistic Designs priced. SHows }row TO SAVE HALF usual expenditure Post Free Easy payments 10 per cent. Extra. LONDON ROAD & GAYTHORN.

P 01; ITTS'S PEERLESS HOUSES OF FURNITUIng at 15k, 22i, 38i, 50, 75. 100. 200, up to I,v'' guineas, have been pronounced by practical peoP.*t*. PINNACLE OF PERFECTION. Their high artistic Ow Intrinsic merits, their beauty and value, are apparent,, Gamut Inspection,, which closer examination had wear 0:" confirm. Full particulars free. PlrTB'B DISPLAY OF BARGAINS IS certaiolf oft unequalled in the provinces. The following are * sample all in really excellent condition : HALL FURNITURE consists of Mahogany Hat stand, tt: Chairs, Side Tables, Linoleum, two Wool hugs, three C°c." Mats, Stair and Lobby Carpet ; lot cost .224 ; for £ll. DININO-ROOM.—Grand Suite, American Viralatiti upholstered in first-clan manner, and covered with ru; leather; cost £47, fir £22. Dining Table to match. moi__lll- - bold ; coat £7 16a. for £3 10s. Magnificent SideboTA! really worth £5O, for d2l. Table ter window recess, Cost_M for 22 10s. Overmantel, cost £6, for £3. Real five-fri*&,„*;_ Brussels Carpet, cost £9, for £4. Real skin Rug for ta''" Bronze Timepiece and Figures, £4 45., cost double. Dr.-- Fender, Fire Brasses. Fire Dogs, cost £5 for £2 bs., ' Vasa, 355. Coal Vase, 18s. 6d. DR SWISG-ROOM.—Sxquisite Suite, Chippendale 11114 artistic, covered in rich tapestry; cost £5O, for £2O, to match, cost £4 10s, for £2. Elegant Cabinet, cost for £l7. Music Cabinet, £2. Card table, £1 Is. 070 mantel. coat £7. for £3 3s. Velvet Pile Carpet, 25 10s deuble.ikin Rugs, 14s and Bs. Brass teenier and Fire' Brasses:oost £5, for £22.. Tiled Hearth, fitted oomplete. HORNING-ROOM, in real saddlebags, mounted with riari LTtreolat Velvet, comprises luxurious Couch, Easy Chair... and sot of small Chairs, Extending Table, Cheflonier, 016, mantel, Carpet, Fender, Brasses, complete cci" for 223. BEST BEDROOM.—Splendid Suite in American Walriu large Wardrobe, bevelled plate-glass, exceptional bciilve„a; ; large Dressing Table with bevelled plate, WashstAt'a with marble top, Pedestal, and four chairs; cost R 75. £35. Massive All-Brass Bedstead, with Spring Mattres! new Bed, Bolster, and Pillows; cost £l6. for £8 10s, Toile," Service, 15e. 6d. Carpet, Hearthrug, and Fender ; cost 4°' for 355. t, THE THREE OTHER BEDROOMS similarly 111'119-'4, in Onippindale, Mahogany, Satin Walnut, and Decorate" Also KITCHEN FURNITURE complete. SAMUEL PITTS, M ANCHESTSII. LONDON ROAD (Isrdwick and Longsight Oars). GAYTMORN (all City Road Oars pass the d00r).,. Established 1845, National Telephone 1129 . • _ Every Woman is interested and should knout about the wonderful MARVEL WHIRLING , A? SPRAY. Ask your Chemist for fio,7/fi / It. If he cannot supply • the Marvel accept rib other but send stamp for book giving full particulars and directions invaluable to ladies. MARVEL ' ',Patented.) Dept. 143,11, Queen Victoria Street, London, E.G. HAVE you ARAB LEE With Wounds that discharge or otherwise, sisseba9.4 surrounded with inflammation and swollen.thst when yon- press yenr finger on the inflatnedpart it, leaves the impression? If so, under the akin, you have poison. that defies all the reinediee yOu,have which, ilnot extracted, you never can ,r ecover; lout go on suffering till death releases- you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated.thesame with the ankles, round which the 'skin- may.bn coloured, or there may be wounds; 'the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power t• walk. Xou may have attended -various hospitals and, had medical advice and been told youncase is hopelesrs orAdvisatilp submitto,a,mputation; but de not, for cEfiern yoffm apzet ;say -pqrhaps: but I will. BecansU \others have failedrit is'no mason I *should. . Send aro. once.a PoStal'Orderaor 25..6.1: to It. Vir: ALBERT, 7si Parringdometrdet; London, and you will receive a be! of Grasshopper. Otiitnient and which is acertals remedy tor the 'cure cif.Bad Legs, ilou.semaid'slinet Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned Hands. aFtm anniona. iltegisteredCopyright.

2°. 2°' each. • • each. • ' itAfy nonivA' &cigars Are British-Made Cigars of excellent flavour, as good as any 3d. Cigar on the Market. (Seven for NOTE the Label, 'The Lads on the Norse: AVISS BROS., LTD., COVENTRY* AGENTS: Joseph Beswick, Horsemarket WARRINGTON'. W. SHAW Jun. Top Locke, Runcorn. S. JEAVONS, 21, George St., St. Heiens. AND OF ALL TOBACCONIDTB.

, As vizi. f$ aiSe'll4CV49l* v's, ,4 ,i Aiwik. no Oa, e4s,Sr, an --::- _:,--_-,---- -, tablet. -----

MERRY WE AT HER'S c ~..„:„,, ~,,............._...„, Hic. • CLASS -.GARDEN HOSE 6.3 LONC, ACRE,LONDON. ' / LARGEST MAKERS OF HIGH CLASS HOSE IN THE WORLD, 4 PIOLa STEEL - - I for Ladies. PILLS A FRENCH REMEDY SUPERSEDING BITTER APPLE, PIL COCHIAC, PENNYROYAL, &C. Price 46.6 d. post free. Obtainable only from Al ARTIN, CHEMIST, SOLITHANI PION

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CU RE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. _- AFTER TWO PILLS SHE FELT EASIER 26, Rutland-street, Brompton-road, S.W. April 26th, 1902. Sir,—l feel bound to write and state my wife's case. She was taken very ill with gout some weeks ago, and Was in bed, not being able to put her foot to the ground. I made up my mind to try your Pills, and gave her two. After a few hours she felt easier. She took one more in the after- noon, and I was surprised to find her up from bed when I came home in the evening. In'lwo or three days she was quite .well again. Yours truly, A. FORD. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their notion, eliminate all injuri.as matter, and are,highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is. 11d. and 25. 9d., or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor i GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. EADE'S GOUT & R

FREE WATCHES. CLOCKS, OPERA GLASSES, MELODEONS, • DIAMOND RINGS. CVT- LERY, Ere,. simply for sell. ing our Famous Aluminium Thimbles, latest 1903 pattern. A complete list of presents Ic sent out with every parcel of AL thimbles. SPECIAL. ADVERTISING OFFER. ~.- :end us your nawirir rirculivade 71w \n, SrAWLE 3al SE contaeinin; 24 of our Silver Aluminium 7 Thimbles, the on approval. • aur Thimbles are strongest ; plenty. best wearing, latest style, and large saes. Each ,7„.„: and every thimble is elegantly ‘,..4 embossed with a suitable . motto. You sell the 24 thimbles among your friends 00 at the reduced price of led. each. When sold, forward the 3.4. collected, and we will send you at once a 3.years' Guaranteed Timekeeper. with Solid Nickie-Si/ver Cases, No Money Wanted.— Addre.—Dept. 116, The LEVER WATCH ALLIANCE. 3 Rod Lion-eoart, Fleet Street, London. E.C.

GIVEN AWAY!

ct!:.f,:#l- i ~,,,,,...0_ ~ . :"... , •-• .--;,..4-,.., rlik,:, . ~."4.. ~., Datil' DALE'S Drapery Stores, 35 Craven Street, Strand, London, W.C., Dept. B. IV, send above lovely Brooch free as an adver- tisement to every reader sendingt3d.stamps and postage for 4 of their well-known 3id. Irish Cambric Ladies' Sample Handker- chiefs.jMoney refunded if not satisfactory. A beautiful collection of latest Silks is also sent Post Fret.. _., ••,.,F.-..,. r,-.. STUPENDOUS—VALUE. / 4.•,,,,.., - • Real Gold (not Rolled Geld or Gold _ ~ - Filled) Lady'. 3 Stone Ring Os. 18-carat -k ,zlrat..r. , y Gold-cased Ourbad Bracelet and Pad- lock,' 2 6d post free.—WHOLXSA.LE, Amway DPT., 17 34. Fennel street, Manchester. 11 11111 bUbl MARCHR 'EASY 1 GOING nal. Made upon scientific 20th Century lines from non-corrosive metal. Improves and adds style and makes writing a pleasure. Box of 18 Post Free, 7 stamps. Obtainable only from the Box MAricuE STATIONERY Co., Maidenhead. Berks. Money returned if not satisfied.

1 MIA pOd U 04301103 illS Pe/V1

_ r , A Mechanic's Labourer. The MONEY MAKERS of to-day are they -7 wft; -- who can longest endure that ceaseless activity .. ,c . ...:. of Brain and Body which the conditions of . -- ' Modern Industry exact from all who would not be thrust aside by more vigorous competitors. ~ -,--;" Unfortunately the physical endowment of a . , tillArilf nrt eat" - -,•-#•.', 7,4: number ofpeople is unequal to the demands „\\\\ • - __pin _, e.., -----vk.,-,-• large„.jti , , t'X'l4 -7...i.:,7 '' Agf which they make upon their nervous organism. • 1 il \I ••,,.., .•• Every effort they put forth on their own behalf 1.;•!,;• 't ~-4,...-• = ‘.' • ----. '..,P=7:7'.- saps their vitality until the time arrives when / , .... _ . 4.1*.-! • :-...—, 7.. they are remorselessly displaced by more (1.,.., 1 .> i(e • . _ _ ki• . ---;-----7 ' • • :,'/ energetic rivals. • ,„. \ 1 '. i 7,-~-"4"-f f . ~..- ... ~..: , / The BREADWINNER, prematurely '7,-• • ~":-'0 . /.;,* i. ''''••••..7,r,• ./,..,,)•,,,* ex- hausted, rarely recovers the advantages which ~ , "MI u. , 1 d0,,,,,;,,/,0,.A.,(:',.',.:';" - i •,/,:.4 4, e slip from his nerveless grasp, and the grim fact i 11l • ' =t'l,; Z n -7'4' is revealed to him that he can no longer hold his i ..- /1//14 i ' ;;A own, unless happily—like the toiler whose letter • / f lit . we give below—he discovers he can regain all , ' ' his lost vigour by a timely use of Phosferine. .• ! 1 ' This is what Mr. JAMES PERCIVAL (a labourer in ) * Woolwich Arsenal), of 39 Prince's Road, Plunistead Common,writes :—" Just a few lines to let youkuow I have I V reaped great benefit from your preparation yliosferine. and am only too thankful to write and let you know about it. I have been very queer for ab• Jut 7or 8 months from general debility and have been so queer that I have had to stop away fronviny wrk. Now . I have lost my work altogether through being out so long, but thanks to your preparation I am about again and as right as a trivet, and I hope to be soon in work again. I tried almost everything but to no advantage, and at last a great friend of mine recommen&d me your l'hosferine and I got-aid took 5 small 1 'i I and 3 large bottles, and am very pleased to say again lam thoroughly a new man. I suffered most from nervousness, giddiness, palpitation of heart, and trembled so much all over that I could hardly stand and at times I would fall about so much. I recommended it to two other friends of mine and they . have had only one bottle each and it seems to be doing il them good and I. shall recommend it to ether sufferers for lam sure I owe my life to your Phosferfue, and we!' I start work again I shall always • ~ i keep one or two bottles in my house because it is a nece4sare nicqicine for any household."—Feb. ird, iyo3. ----- , 1 - e • 1.4'4 :-.,.,, VA Y • .. ' THE GREATEST OF ALL TONICS. An unfailing remedy for Neuralgia, Nervous Dyspepsia, Exhaustion, Anmmia, Brain-fag, Depression,lmpoverished Blood,Rheumatism,Bleeplessness, Indigestion, Influenza, Nervous Headaches, Debility, & all disorders consequent upon a reduced state of the nervous system. Phosferine has been supplied by :•iimi..-;‘,-...*. . -... • . . ~,,....... , ....ii ROYAL COMMANDS ~ .., .._.- . . xx.ixri. To the Royal Family. ........., H.I.M. the Empress of Russia. H.I.M. the Dowager Empress of Russia. H.M. the King of Greece. • H.R.H. the Crown Princess of Roumania. H.M. the Queen of Roumania. H.R.H. the Grand Duchess of Hesse, &c. &C. Proprietors :—Ashton Ec Par Fons, 1 d., 17. Farringdon Rd , London, E.C. Bottles, iiii, 219& 416. Post free 1/3. 3/- & 4;9. Sod ly., all (2••edii.ds Stores. &c. The 2,9 site contains nearly four times the siri size.

.-., 1 'jp._.- . • ,: 4,- :./.. 4,4444, ,:. • 1;,,. • ' 0 CURE INDIGESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND DIZZINESS. '

Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (lat,.: 533, Oxfora Street), London.

THE GREAT AUSTRALIAN REMEDY VITA. 1) A TI(). DYSPEPSIA AND NERVOUS DEBILITY. Cured. September 19th, 1901. Dear Sir,—Over two years ago I b.g•in to be troubled with severe pains in my head and body,lost my appetite and could not sleep at night. I grew so irritable that I could not bear to speak or to be spoken to. I consulted several doctors in Edinburgh and Glasgow, also went to the Infirmary. They all agreed that my trouble was dyspepsia, and nervous debility, none did me any good. I tried many Patent Medicines and gave each a fair trial. I began to despair when I was recommended to try VITADATIO. I would not for some time, but feeling very ill I reluctantly pt-- chased a bottle, and before that was finished I was relieved. By the time I had taken three large bottles of VITADA.TIO my health and strength were fully restored. I now enjoy soy meals, sleep well, have no pain, and am free from the old irritable feeling. My wife and family tried VITA.DATIO for indiges- tion with good results. I recommend VITADATIO wherever I can. You are at liberty to nse my testi- mony in any way you think proper, and I hope it will be the means of making known to other sufferers the virtues of VITA.DATIO. the Australian Herbal Remedy.—Yours gratefully, KENNETH MAODONALD 1 and 3. University Place, Lawrence St., Partiek, Glasgow. From all Chemists and Grocers, The price of Medicine is 45. 6d. and 2s. Oct. per bottle-. For further particulars, S. A. PALMER, MOUNT PLACE, BROOK-STREET, MANCHESTER. Correspondence Invited, Write for Testimonials. OBTAINABLE LOCALLY FROM BOOTS, CASlif CHEMISTS.

F OR FIRSTCLASS PMIYATTS' DENTISTRY. TBETH. Aonointments anneoessary,;but may be arranged, TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Hach patient informed reqbeufrehan n, d t to« w t TEETH. Gold avd other fillings at mo4ersta charges. TEETH. An M.D., aiso Lady Attendants. TEETH. P..nless Extraction hitherto by tto 04" TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13,000pra14 weekly. iticors. of the late J.HI. PARRINSO (DzwrisT BY EXAMM ir in R. MADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS ... .GEORGE-ST ft ? MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANKEY•STR WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RUNCORN, 31. BRIDGE•STRE 61. 911EIRSDAY, 2 to 5. A.PPLEMARKET-STRIGO FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to 5.
