===== 0002601_19030123_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BRUSH ES

CIGAR AND CIGARETTE

CASES, PURSES

DRESsING CASES,

CARD AND LETTER CASES.

BERESFORD'S 77, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

J. S. GARLAND,

sor.n AGENT FOR LEA FRANCIS," "PREMIER" AND BAYLISS-

THOMAS " EXCELgOR" CYCLES. THE EXCELSIOR CYCLES

WITH DUNLOP(p. CLINCHER A. TYRES. FREE-WHEEL 3 AND FRONT AND Icr.An wHEEL, RIM BRAKES AT THE: jAsToNisaiNG PRICE OF

TEN GUINEAS, ARB THE BEST VALUE STHIC WORLD HAS YET PRODUCED.

BOLE AGENT For. EXCELSIOR 110 TOR BICYCLES, BEE TRIAL ALLOWED TO INTENDING PURCHASERS INSPECTION IS INVITED AT THE SHOWROOMS. . 51, 53 AND 55, BRIDGE STREET, :WARRINGTON.

' •

TO THE OVERSEW-LI of the rnoß oC the TOWNSHIP of WARRINGTON to the OUIRF CONSTABLE of the County Boron 7h of Warrinzton to flit, Clerk of the Licens- ing Jostioes of the said County Borough and to all whom It may concern.

T WILLTANI W of 30. Crosti(3ld-street, in I the County Borough of Warrington, IVlanwing Director of M. Walker and Sons, I imited, DO HEREBY GlVid NOCICE THAT IT 18 MY INTENTION to APPLY at the GENERAL ANNUAL LICENSING- MEETING- for the County EVrough of Warrington aforesaid to be holden at the Court House Police 13niktii,ge Arpley-street. Warriturtin aforesaid on Friday the sixth day of February. one thousand nine hunched and three IfOq AN ADDITIONAL EXIII LICENCE to soil by retail at premises situate .ind being Albert Werke Frogliall Ar!dge, Proghall-Lane, War,ington aforesaid beer to be onneutued off the promises in pureto.nce of the Act 25 and 27 Victoria c 23 Section 1 and of which premises the said Com,pany are the owners and carry on there, the business of Mineral Waters Manufacturers and Wholeaale Beer Dealers.

Gtypn under my hand this Fourteenth day of January one thousand nine hundred and three. WILLIAM WALKER.

SUN INSURANCE OrFICE FOUNDEP 1710.

SUM .INURED ExCr:EDe, .f. 160,000.000.

Po* all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARILINGTON Messrs. J. R. l'ickmero & Son Bridge-st Messrs. Woods & Son, Oommercial Chambers 55, It orsernarket-strept, Mr. Louis A. Voisey, 21, King-street Mr. It. Lowe,l, Bank—street

D. H 1-• ARGRAVE'S EN' ALE Pi LI,S (WOULD FAMRD) The safest And hest temerly for AkTAEMTA, TIFBIL7TY, WEAKNRSB, IRRMULARITY. ana 1 o her tiltnents peciiliar to the sex Invaloahk. to Women. PRICF 28. 9:9. ONE Box ‘;UFFICIENT FOR CURE. Sole Agent for the Unlted Kingdom-- J. RI iGEBs, (Box 2), 3, BRSKINE ROAD, WALTHA%I6TO'F, LONDON. ,

Mb&

===== 0002601_19030123_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
4 k I intr . „ 1111111 • „, .. 1.1 ..• . • —"S. • • • - , Yst, • • I% • - -,•;:,=•;t4h , „., 4-- • , • , r - •"•

No. 1240

ONE PENNY.

THE CORPORATION OF WARIZINI4TON is pre- I. to rveive LOANS, eitbr at six months' notice or for a term of years Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, War ington.

F'II.IO3A.Y, JANUA <Y 3, 1903.

BY I Posr 1 I 734 d per Quarter, 65 6d per annum is gd per Quarter creditj

===== 0002601_19030123_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER AND CO„

MAMMOTH POSTERS. r. AMMOT*I POSTERR. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAIr4,,TH POSTE.S. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POsTN POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

A SPECI ALITY. LARGE TYPE.

THE MOST STRIKING

POSTHR

Produced in ii-i;-aounty .

SPECIALITY.

May be inspeebd and Estimates obtained

JOHN WALKER SC) CO.,

PROPRIETORS OF TUE

IRRINGTON AND MID•CBESBIRE EXAMINER. ;IRLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, AUNCORN EXAMINER.

WIDNES EXAMINER. ST. HELENS EXAMINER: PRINTERS Sz RJOKBINDI.MS.

GYMNASTIC A PPARATUS. WHITR' FOlt

LATEST ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE TO

H. HIM AND SON.

89, WINDSOR STREET, LIVERPOOL. GYMNASIA Fa:THU THOUGHOUT

AUCTIONEER AND VALUER.

SALBROOBIS AND OIeFICHS. 11, BRRRY-STREBT,

===== 0002601_19030123_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVIIRPOOL.

SALES OF FURNITURE.

STOOKS. ETC. EVERY THURSDAY. PARTIES CONSIGNING GOOD

CAN HAVE CASH ADVANCE (IF xxvinico) ox RECEIPT oF GOODS. STOCKS PURCHASED

FOR CASH. DISTANCE NO OBJECT. TELEPHONE NO. 6621.

OR FIRST-CLASS PRIVA

DENTISTRY.

TEETH. Appointments unnecessary but non',• arrangew; rrEETB TEETH. Bach patient Inforn ,d beforehand of work required. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. Painless Eixtraction as hitherto by the of Nitront ()aide

All consultations free.

Sold and other fillings at random. charges.

An N.D.. also Lady Attendant..

TRETE( taker to De,,clßos of 10.0 M weekly. • fixora. of the fate

J. H. P ARBINSON

(Dzintrr BY HiA)s

NiANCHESTER_ _46, kt OS -TPREE I'

(Telephone WO)

MR. 11TADDIsoN A TTENDS ST. EIELENg „ _GEORGE-STREIT? MONDAI, 9.30 a in. to 6 p.m SATURDAY. 9.30 a.m. to 6 D.ai

WARRINGTON SA.NKIcr-STREE WRONRSO‘Y. 2 to 5.

RUNCWIN BRIDGP—STRE,TO TTIURSDAT, 2 to 5,

NORTHWICR._ 18. APPLRMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to h.

ROBERT I ow. lISTA.TB AGENT. AUOTIONIM & VALURII Office and erooms No. 1, BANK-STIiEUT WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 65. DAM ADRANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Stcond-band Fnrnltnre and ocher Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture, &c.. warenonse3,

*?ottls, Ivtires, zoarbinn 05tabo

ONDON.—TAY HOTEL. 154 Ruston-road Three minutes Li from King's Cross, Si Pancras and Ruston hallway Stations; bed and attendance 38 6d; private sitting-room 58 6d per thy ; highly recornmended.—A C RODNEY, Propr.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 ,1/4 7, RUSTON EQUAAN. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUFONESS OR PLEASURE.

ABERYSTWITH. THE BELLE VC& HOTEL, FACING TEE SEA

One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea, Board terms from al guineas per week, or 9s per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.30 o'clock. For TARIFFS U., apply to

W. H. PALAIRR. PROPRIRTOR.

GRRAT STOCKTAKING SALE AT PITTS'S LONDON-ROAD NI ANC a ESTER (Just past Station through Railway Arch) ALSO AT P/TTB'S PANTHEON, ONYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station), ASTOUNDING BARGAINS. OPPORTUNI .Y OF A LIPRTIME. pITTS'S STOCKTAKING SA I, E.— H OUSES OF 1 FURNITURE at 15i. 224. 28i, 34, 50, 75. 100, 200, up to LOCO Guineas, specially augmented in Quality and Quantity of Articles for this Sale, far t-URPASS °VIERS. Full particulars and ILLUaTtiA.TRD PtIqNISMING GUIDE, containing 700 Designs, priced PIPIT. PER OIiNT BEILOW expensive city arms, post free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred Payments 11 per cent extra.

pI TTS ' S DINING-ROOM FURNITURI3.- -L Astounding Display of Suites tin Moroo,o, saddlebags. velvet, and other coatly fabrics. For instance, splrndid Suits American Walnut. covered with rich Utre,!ht velvet. coat £45, pre £l5 JOB ; handsome eideboard to match, cost £25. price £lO 10s. xtending Dining Table. cost £7. for £3 3s. Grand Suite, American walnut, and Arabiao saddle- bags, cost 50 guineas, plice £lB. Magnificent Drown Oak Suite, in real Moroeco leather, cost 60 guineas, price 25 guineas. Co!ossal solid Oak Sideboard to match, profusely carved, cost £B5, price £,35. Serviceable Suite, in real leather, £7 114, coat £ZO. Another, in velvet, £8 Bs, cost £22. Sideboard. three sevelied plates in pack, £4 51, worth double. Scores to select from. Sideboards, Dining Tables, Dinner Wawgons, every size make, design, in endless pro- fusion, at giving-away prices.

PITTR'S DRAWING-RO0:4 FURNITURE.— Sup(rb collection of cimicest designs, such as Chippen— dale. Pheraton, Adams. Louis, &e., In rosewood, beautifully inlaid Circassian and Italian walnnt, &C., upholstered with every conceivable variety of coverings, including Genoa and friez3 velvets, broestelle, cordaiTie, &c.. Chippendale Suite In dark mahogany, cost £53 price 24 guineas. Overrnantelte match, cost £ID, price 6 guineas. Also Cabinet, cost £55. price 23 guineas. Italian walnut Suite, in rich velvet. cost £35, price 10 guineas. One in tapestry cost £33, price 12. puineas. Another in embossed velvet. cost £2l. price guineas. Sitting Room Suite. complete, cost £2O. price guineas ; has couch, two easy and small chairs, in mahogany and hair or leather ; sideboard. table, carpet, fender and tire brasses ; a marvel, well worth securing Cabinets, Over- mantels, Occasional Tables. &c. Grand value.

PITTS'S BEDROOM FURN 'TUB —B3 h. r the wd;out largest and best selection In the proCom.s. tw. 100 Suites, solid wood throughout. all Conittleie. in setin American walnut, Spanish snabogany,ash, and other :a-him:l- abia woods. Grand solid Ameriesm Walnut 'ailte campiete. cost £65, price 25 guineas. Bplendi satin w, nut :init.,. cost £45. price 18 guineas. 4sh suite, cost £25 price 11 Ruiners: Botire contents of bedroom, cost £2O price 5 guiness, con- taining wardrobe, pair of toilet tables, chest g drawers, pedestal cupboard towel rail, three chairs, toile, glass. brass mounted bedstead. mattresses, wool bed, solster,two pillows, carpet fender, and toilet ware, all complete. 1184531 v., all- brass Bedstead, cost £ll, price 6 guineas 131'48-mount ed Bedstead, spring and wool nie.ttree,es, full size and quality. for 3 guineas, worth £6.

DITTS'S BElltifttADS AND BEDDING Largeet and best selection being cleared out at glwin- away cleats. }tare chance for cheap lines.

ptiTB'S CNRPETS AND FLUOR COVERINGS. Grand Display. All British makes, choicest design, many of which exclusive. Exquisitely blended colourings. Laid and fitted free of eharße.

pITTS'S POPULAR PlANO:3.—Slagnificint Play of NRW and SECONDHAND by the be makers. considersbly UNDHR usual prices.

DITTSS BASSIN El TES, MAIL CARTS, 1 LAMPS, CHINA, GLASS, HARTHIINWARII, IN- - 11001 C GAMES, Truuks. Bngs Portimanteaut,

SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER Lo/mon 'AI) (Ardwick and Longeght Cars). GAYFHORN (all City t oad Can pas. the doors Established 1843. National Telephone 1.124.

JOHN WALKER AND Co. EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSES Y TREET. WARRINGTON

V • .• , , , . 417.*

,

i lir '....., .4.- I z 0- tt, , •,' *,fe, .., -I - ... : . , . t , l' : , , ,i , i 4 . i 1 4 • , " , . . , , t 1 ' i 4 , , a L.. ' I , 4;,' . 1:.. ~41' 3- 1. ti. 1....,. , ,i

===== 0002601_19030123_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
r , , . I c , 6 , ' 1 ' , 6 . I ` I ' I • 4 i i 1 t 6, 1

===== 0002601_19030123_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
,•. , • : e- , , • -•-• , - - _ , •4* • , * , , • • „t" • ; • • , la • • • 4 - • • ' - - . • . •

- ‘-` -

#lls.wlt;,i.644cAok

-.7

===== 0002601_19030123_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
AI4(\EI. McDOUGALL's Pewit sELF_RisING FLOUR TX:Fr. The Examiner, Friday, January 23, 1903. 'NF TO-DAY.

',COPYrIYId.)

DISTINCTION Al DRESS Vs't""P

M

Ig any person witilin

recants, Being a. consunzer of t2',3 famou,s 17,ri*is2v cercal (3oci

Atter had any Kiva or an understanding existing between his carter and his daughter he would be dismissed at once. But, he reasoned, he was quite as lit a match for Nelly as the miller was when proposed and was accepted by the daughter of the Hall Farm steward. His father, though he was only a wherryman, owned the wherry he sailed in and had another vessel beside, and lie had taken sonic trouble over Joe's "schooling," seeing that he did not start in life entirely unequipped for the struggle. Why should he not tell Nelly all he had say ? or as much of it as he found possible; why should he not let her know why it was he wanted to go to a larger town and save money ? If she would have nothing to do with him—well, he would go away all the same, hut if she cared at all for him, and could give him any hope that one day he might coin and claim her, would not that know- ledge spur nim on in his efforts to provide a honie for her. So he said: ; "And then, Nelly, I should ask you to share what- ever good luck was mine. I know what your father would say—l've thought about all that, and made u my mind not to heed it. I love you very much, Nelly—better than I can tell you. Do you care for me at all ? Do you love Ane even a little ? Vili you wait a little time while I work hard and make a home for you ?" _

Nelly had to some extent -conquered her shyness now, and looked frankly into her lover's face as he bent anxiously over her. Never before, she thought, had he appea,yed so brave and manly as with that look of earnest determination on his face. Like Jos, she could form a pretty correct idea of what her father's feelings would be in the matter; she could well imagine his indignation if he knew that one of his men, whom he paid so much ,a week to do as he was told, had dared to speak thus to his daughter. But surely, she thought, it was worth while risking such disp!easure to enjoy such love as Joe could give her. She had no diubt whatever that Joe meant all he said; she could read the truth of his eager, earnest declaration in his eyes, but, womanlike, she did not answer at once. "Are you sure, Joe," she said, and she smiled up at him as she spoke, "are you quite sure you will not change your mind if you go away from Holworth ? You will 'cro into large towns, and wonderful places very different from this quiet place. Suppose you go down to the coast and find work there, and succeed in it, don't you think you will soon say to yourself, What is the use ? Is it worth while working hard for a girl who lives away at that sleepy Holworth, and who knows nothing of what life is like in towns like this, when there are plenty of girls here—prettier, smarter, cleverer girls—whom I could have for the asking ? ' *rid if you found it harder to get on than you expected. wouldn't you think you had mad a mistake, and wish you had never asked me to wait for you ?" "I would work—l would work day and night—l would wait for years, Nelly; if only you would say you cared a little for me! I will leave here to- morrow—" "To-morrow! Oh, no, Joe! not to-morrow! Stay with me a ,ittle longer !" "Then you do care a little for me, Nelly? If so, hard as it is, the quicker I go the better, for the sooner I shall be able to come back and claim you." He took her hand as he spoke, and d:ew her towards him. Nelly's han I remained in his, and clasped it gently as she sank down on an old, wooden bench that stood by the side of the path. Joe seated him- self by her, but: could hardly see her face, which was sligotiy.turned from him. She did not speak, and he put his arm round her neck and drew her face towards him. Then her eyes- sought his. This time she did not look away, and then their lips met! Old Mall, who passed along the bank, glanced over the fence and caught sight of the two figures on the garden bench. Ile stopped for &moment and chuckled, but neither Joe nor Nelly saw or heard him, and he went his way to his cottage, leaving them in the drt:amland of youth and love. -

On the following morning the miller rose at his usual early hour. After looking round the mid,•which had been kept going all night, he took his stand against the door of his dusty office, and watched Joe and another of his men lowering sacks of flour from the upper floor into a waggon in the yard below. The miller was a stolid-looking, .heavily-built man, whose face bore traces of the hardening in- fluence of a tough struggle for existence. He had mastered his many difficulties by unremitting toil. Never had he allowed any consideration for others to stand in his way, and in his fight for a livelihood he had never felt any remorse at seeing those with whom he was brought into commercial Contact go ter the wall. The death of his wife, which had occurred some three years before, had apparently made as little impression upon him as if the mis- fortune had been another's, and the manner of his daily life was little changed by the narrowing of his home cir:de." Although he seldom quarrelled, or had a rough- word with any of his neighbours, he was little liked or respected by them. • His life was self-centred, hedged about by the circumscribed limits of his own immediate concerns. It was not often that he troubled himself much about Nelly, who, since her mother's death, had taken over the management of his domestic affairs, but he had a kind of jealous regard for her, and had more than once warned off his premises certain love-sick youths, who were attracted by his daughter's pretty face. As to there being any danger of complica- tions lurking in his immediate household, such an idea never dawned upon hit, and consequently Joe had enjoyed a freedom in Nelly's society that was denied to the love-smitten youths of the town. Such being the case it was with considerable sur- prise and indignation that the miller listened to the garrulous remarks of old Allan, who had paused in .passing down the road to have a talk with him. "Mornin''miller," said old Miall. "Suppaise you'll sounbe thinkin' of taking a rest, and lettin' younger heads manage the mill business? You've had a good spell on it yourself, and done very well by it ;iit's only right you should let Others take sonic of the burden, and do some of the hard work." "What are you talking about ?" said the miller, somewhat indifferently, for he frequently found the 'old man's gossip wearisome. "Who said anything about taking a rest ? I've never had any rest yet-, and don't .suppose lever shall." "Hall! hall !miller, that's all very well," chuckled his companion, "but I see'd 'em myself, though they were too busy to notice me. Well, he's a good- loAin' enough young man as far as I'm any judge" —and he looked in the direction of the unsn,peeting Joe—"and 'ull-make a steady,' hard-workin' son-in- law. But perhaps you mean to keep an eye on 'em yourself for a time, just to see that things go right, oh?" "What the blazes are you talking about, you old fool ?" burst out the miller. "What's he got to do with being a 'son-in-law of mine? Like enough I should think of marryin' my girl to a young water- rat, who's spent all his time lazying up and down the river in a wherry! I should just like to see him hanging round my daughter, that's all. I'd soon let him know his place, and send him about his business."

"Oh, no offence, miller, no offence. But one can't help seem' things, you know, and if you hain't noticed it yourself, you'd better keep your eyes open, that's all. I don't want to interfere—tain't no concern o' mine—but, it strikes me that if you don't keep a sharp look-out the young uns'll get the better on you.' "What do you mean, blame you?" shouted the miller, whose indignation was rapidly getting the better of him. "If you've seen anything, say so ;' don't keep marndering round the Matter, and blink- ing like a cat in the sun." 'Old Miall was no friend of the miller's, and by no means desirous of obliging him now that he found be was ignorant o ~what had really taken Place, but the opportunity- of telling him such an interesting piece of news, and watching his tempestuous indignation, was too good to lose. He, therefore, with many grins And winks, recounted what be had witnessed on the previous evening, and was amply rewarded by seeing the miller become almost beside himself with rage. When he had finished his story, which he told with considerable relish, the miller. with a parting curse, flung himself into his office, and, slamming the door behind him, passed through into the house in search of his daughter. -

After an absence of about half-an-hour he re- appeared, awl, seeing Joe at work in the granary, told him to "take himself off" at once. Joe needed no explanation to account for his sudden dismissal; he could read the cause of it in the miller's flushed face and Euppressed anger. He, therefore, put on his coat, and left the mill quietly, feeling that it was his wisest course not to say anything to increase the miller's resentment.

He did not, however, wander far from the mill during the day, and when the evening came on he sat down by the riverside within sight of the mill- Inmse door, hoping that, perhaps, Nelly might see him, and come out to him. Be was not surprised, however, when he found it had grown dark without his seeing any sign of her, as he guessed the•miller would keen a strict watch over her movements. But on the following night the miller was obliged to &INC Off to a neighbouring village on business, and net long after he had left the Mill Joe saw the door open, and Nelly coming towards him along the river batik.

Ile met her at ti stile, which stool between two of the riverside marshes, and would not lot her say a word until he had blamed himself for the trouble that had come upon her. But NeHy seemed to have little ?bought for herself ; all she appear( I to realise was that Joe had, for her sake, been turned away by her father, and with a• woman's su•eptibility she took upon herself all the blame. But this Joe would not hear of, and he tried to cheer her up by tc]ling her that what had occurred could not make very much difference to them, as they had already

arruinvl tint he should g.o awa.e after a week or two to look Out for work at the port: What her father lia_d said to her, Nelly would not repeat, and Joe rilthtly guessed that she was site,lt in this res-twet for fear of hurtin2- his feeliwzs., He kaew the miller

N111111111"15:213222221:E552rjair" ...r". al. \. , • . .7.-. --..,?,,fi- _-_-----_,::m i;,, , .:. :" ' "• .i ''.; ' ,:q., -41 f ~,, 1., • ,-_-.-:•,, -d.,..4 •, 7. ....-6...u.i.i.;;Al -' 4 _-• _ __lt:. Pi L A P p.il :911 it: ',tll ~, ~„,.„..,,,,„,,f....„,„.„..:.,..:.3• „,,,, , 1 5, „ A, , 4 t 4 ''',... , '..).„......Il „ 0 Ni

===== 0002601_19030123_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
7,-,7 47,1% ~.; •, ~ 0 4 4 t, li • rut : - 9 ..,-1 I,r ,:' 04,23) -qv S,-,.. -,. - Nie, '• , • ..i. ~,,Vt 10..

-4P17%6 ' cm. TN.

seni iflim undersigned, 3 2-ro. " Provost "

at Coupons, ang, ed. in cash., or 15 2411. cotzpono anc: rtc .7,a511, or slte wiLl receive zios-:: Tree, a Bec.:-(ztiftzZ MEE siloati

===== 0002601_19030123_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
Gint "'Pk 41,,k Jai

tact.wiZZ raatc2l -the Bost silverware.

P; ,

A Coupon 13 on every acket o " Provot,t Oats, wh!ch is the finest Porridge rood In the Iherld. R. ROBINSON & SONS.

ftic.m

0 Id wonderful water prooter for a es, tßenOsOTanSd plresierAvielsilßt.a. leatt; Pleasant odour allow pcofsh- lag with him:Ong. coul b IM.F.:DAL 22 EXHIBITION HIGHBST `, e AWARDS. j Tins set.. 6e1., ii- 6: 02 6 of Boot " - it. n Makers, Saddlers, Ironsnoneers ..,. ~. ..0 40, ,‘d•-•' &c. Mann/actor', East Disl-inch, London.

very Woman -4 and shor know

the Ma. but send full particulat. invaluable to ladies.

.Patented.) Dept. 143, 11, Queen Victoria Street, London, E.O

PIO LaSTE-Ela iforLadies. PILLS

A FRENCH BEMBDY SUPERSEDING BITTER APPLB. PIL COCHIAC. PIINNYBOICAL, _U. Price fills.6d. post free. Obtainableionly-from MARTIN, CHEMIST. SOUTHAMPTON

E is interested . Juld k.. about the wonderful MARVEL WHIP:LING cso4' SPRAY. Ask your Chemist for 1777//./rf • '• If he cannot supply Marvel accept no other stamp for book giving 17/7 t I,trs and directiong s. MARVEL CO, "

===== 0002601_19030123_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU A BAD LEG

With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. Perti.o surrounded with inflammation and swollen.that when You- press your linger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried. which„if not extracted, on never can recover, but go on suffering till death release's you. Perhaps your knees are sw ol len, the joints being ulcerated. the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to walk. You may have attended various hospitals and Lad medical advice and been told youncase is hopeless, or advised to submit to amputation: but do not, fort tancure yob. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because others have failed, it is no tea.son I should. Send at. onto a Postal Order tor 2s. &I. to R. W. ALBERT, 73; arringdon-street. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pril.s which is a certain remedy for the cure of • Bad begs. Housemaid's Knee,, Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned tiauds. aaJ• bunions. I/Registered Copyright.i

===== 0002601_19030123_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
MERRYWEATHER

Water Supplp to Countrp Mansions, hotels, and public Buildings, Sc.

EXISTING WATER. SERVICES TESTED, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES.

WRITE FOR PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD" PUMP.

63, LONG rieRE, W.C. WORKS: GREENWICH, LONDON, S.E.

G MACHINES

WE WILL BE

GLAD TO snow

TBEM TO

EVERYBODY

PLEASE CALL.

ARCHER & SONS, 5, St. Ceorge's Cres., Castle St., Liverpool.

wionprwa- RIINTGS,

OEM IRIBTOS.

FOR VALITF, VISIT

CILRLES WOLF

WHOLESALE JEWELLER,

Only Address :

10, RENSHAW ST., LIVERPOOL

EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE.

CATALt/GUES. COMMERCIAL PRINTING.

THE MAIVELLOU73 TAI,KIN • . ti, ' . ' i iylirliT ,it ( , •_ . : '`. • ' 4t3701 --..- i:..2 . ~.•,- ~•.,. y.....-:,_.. ''''.----:.;----7-, . _ ----7-- --

===== 0002601_19030123_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
BY THE no MILL STREAM.

DY MARC US DEANE.

Author of "Harold 'AlaiTiott," "Only a Year Ago," !../7.

It was the time of the annual weed-cutting, and old Miall, who was seated on an antiquated milking sto•'l, angling for perch at a bend of the stream, muttered frequent imprecations as the matted clumps of weeds came floating down, and compelled him every few minutes to haul in his line. Bolting parties from the neighbouring town had the gi.ut-st difficulty in forcing their craft through the masses of tangled vegetation which blocked up the narrovl reaches of the river, and the ducks and geese wen greatly disconcerted ,by the large patches which cam/ sailing along and bore them down the stream. Higher up, where the river swept round till tnar-shy borders of a wide -ostretch..of common-land, miller's weed-cutters were still at work, though the day was drawing to a close. Their method of clearing the river was a very Apple one, such as had been taught, them by therr marshland fore- fathers, but it was effectual, and the idea of intro- ducing any more mOdern plan never occurred to them. They used a number of old scythe-blades, riveted loosely together. To each end of this formidable chain a rope Was fa, toned, by means of which it was dragged along the bed of the stream, and worked backwards and forwards from bank to bank by the men, who thus slowly made their way up the narrow river. Joe Harper was sitting in an old gun-punt about a hundred yards below the spot where the cutters were at work. It was. his duty to follow them up the , .stream, in order to free the scythes, or knives as they were called, from any obstacles they might encounter in the river bed. Now, however, his task was done, and in a few minutes the cutters would have finished their work for the day. Joe had been in the miller's employ but a few months, and this was the first time he had taken any part in the cutting of the weeds. Ever since .his schooldays had ended, and until the previous spring, he had been employed on board one of the wherries which sailed lazily between the sleepy inland towns and the busy seaport at the mouth of the river. He had, however, grown tired of .river life, and determined, if only for a time, to settle down at Holworth,a quiet little place some eighteen or twenty miles from, the coast. He had no difficulty in finding employment, for he was a -steady,industrious young fellow, who could be depended upon and was not afraid of work. Now, however, he was for the second time wondering if the life he had chosen was the best for him; but it was for a different reason than on the former occasion that he now felt unsettled and undecided as to what he should do. His uncertainty was easy to account for. He had not long been in the employ of the miller before he felt that a new influence had been brought to bear on his life, and one that was by no means untileas- ing to him. This influence .was exerted by the miller's daughter, Nelly, who had proved herself of a very friendly disposition, and by no means averse to an occasional chat with the new-corner. Joe was a good-looking fellow,, and during his river life had seen enough outside the little town of Holworth to make him an interesting companion. Such being the case, it was hardly surprising that an acquaint- ance, which rapidly turned to friendship, sprang up between them, attracting little attention in the sleepy town where desirable friends and acquaint- ances were so few. But, though at present there were few signs of its development in Nelly, there soon manifested itself in Joe a very perceptible inclination towards the fair-haired, winsome girl; and, as the days passed and their friendship deepened and strengthened, lie became more and more unsettled. Again and again he asked himself whether it was to his best interests to remain a miller's hand when he might find better and more remunerative work at 'the neighbouring port. And it was not wholly for his own sake that he desired to "better himself," but in order that he might some day—how remote he did not ask him- self—come to Nelly and open his heart-to:her, and approach her father with a confidence that was now impossible. By-and-bye the weed-cutters dragged the scythes from the water and left off .work for the day, but Joe still remained in the boat, wlrich was moored to the bank, and, resting his head on his hands, 'gazed away across the meadows and along the side of the

stream. It was a warm, still evening. Over in the west I the sky was tinged with the ruddy glow of the sinking sun, which had now almost disappeared below the horizon. The note of the night-jar could now and again be heard from a clump of trees by the river, and the harsh cry of the corn-crake came mournfully from the long grass of the marshland. A water rat rustled among the sedges, and here and there a dace gave a splash in the stream. But for these 'familiar and unheeded sounds- there was a brooding silence over •tho wide-spreading marshes. Presently Joe bestirred himself, and standing up looked away towards the mill, which, though quite three-quarters of an hour's row down the 'stream, was but a short way off, as the crow flies. He wondered if Nelly would come along by the river bank that evening,. as she had done on several occasions during the weed-cutting in order to watch the men at work. Once wile!) she had done so Joe had rowed her home, and since that evening he had kept the boat dry and free from weeds in .the hope of another such pleasant task. To row Nelly, down the river on a summer evening, when the lingering sunlight fell on her pretty face and laughing eyes, was a task that many would have sought with eagerness, and See appreciated it at its full worth. But to-night there seemed little prospect of any such welcome duty ,falling to his lot, and, after a last look along the bank he was about to unmoor the boat, when a voice, which he recognised with a thrill of pleasure, called to him from a little higher up the stream. It was Nelly's, and turning round Joe saw her coming towards the river side from an opposite direction to that in which he had looked for her. "Joe," she called to him, and it sounded very pleasant to hear his Christian name used by so pretty a girl as Nelly, "Joe, I am going home. Can you row me, or are 'you to) tired ?". "Come to the old boathouse steps," said Joe, by way of an answer, and seating himself in the boat, with a few vigorous strokes he brought it alongside. the spot indicated. As he took Nelly's hand to help her into the boat, for the second time he experienced a strange thrill of joy, and he was in no hurry to relinquish it until she was safely seated. As she placed her foot on the side of the punt and sprang lightly towards him, he could not but notice with admiration the perfect outlines of her figure, and the natural grace of her every pose and movement. "What were you looking for as I came across the meadow ?" asked the girl, when she had taken the rudder-lines, and they were slowly gliding down the stream. "I was watching you, and you stood - up three or four times after I crossed the bridge." As she spoke she glanced curiously at Joe, who, however, looked straight into her face as he replied: "I was looking for you. I thought perhaps you ;night come to sae the men at work as you _did on Tuesday." . Nelly turned her face away at this direct and unhesitating reply, and hastened to explain that she had been to the town on an errand for her father, and as the evening was so fine had taken the longer way home, round by the common and across the bridge. As she .made this somewhat unnecessary explanation she glanced round the boat, and did not fail to notice that it had recently been baled out and freed of its customary bunches of wet weeds. Somehow it pleased her to think that Joe had taken the trouble to do this, in spite of the uncertainty as to whether he would be allowed to row her home again. A few words were said about the weed-cutting, but neither Joe nor Nelly seemed much inclined for talking, and the boat slowly rounded' bend after bend of the river until it reached the miller's boat- house, which stood at the bottom of the mill-house garden. When Joe had assisted Nelly ashore, he fastened the punt to a stake—the boat-house being little used in the summer time—and followed her up the path. Having overtaken her, he turned towards her and said: "I am glad you let me row you home to-night. I am going away soon:"' Nelly's heart gave a throb; though why. she could hardly understand, and she stopped and looked at Joe with a shy glance. Then, somewhat tremulously and hesitatinaly, she said: "Going away, Joe ! Why ?" Joe's eyes met hers as she glanced up at him, and he kept them fixed upon her until she felt the colour come with aso ;den flush to her cheeks. She turned her head away, and plucked a blossom from a bush by her side ; pulled it to pieces, and scattered the leaves on the path, but was afraid to meet his searching look again. "I- can't stop here," replied Joe, after a pause, "I must go away to the coast. Jack Waller, who came up in the Susie, says there's plenty of work to he had at the port, and that I should do a lot better there than here. Net that I ain't comfortable here," he continued, hastily, "but I can't stop, Nelly " he had never called' her "Nelly " hel'ore, but she said nothing, aad did not even raise her es- a. •` Perhaps, after ati u, if I do well, I may come back, and then—a "And then what— Jo. ?" She did not look up, and her voice trembled as she put the question.. Then Joe made up his mind to make a plunge, and tall her outright that Ile loved her. After all, why should he not do so ? He knew well enough that he had no chance With the miller, and that if the

ti it n

===== 0002601_19030123_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
',roma not De very scrupulous in Dis selection or terms by which to describe the action of one of his employes who had dared to fall in love with his daughter. For a long time they stood by the stile, talking as only lovers will, and finding comfort in each other's presence, and when it became late, and Nelly knew she must return to the mill, she was in far better spirits than when she stole out to her clandestine meeting. She admired Joe the more for the brave way in which he faced his difficulties, and deter- mined that, whatever the future might have in store for them, nothing should shake her allegiance to him. On two or three occasions during the week that elapsed before Joe went away he succeeded in obtainift a few minutes with Nelly. When the last moment came, and they 'knew they must rart—for how long, neither could say—each felt, in the grow- ing strength of their love, better able to meet the future, the one to labour for the end he had in view, the other to wait in patience till her father's dis- pleasure should have passed away, or her lover should have attained a position that would warrant him with confidence to claim her.

When the miller dismissed Joe, and commanded his daughter to have nothing more to do with him, he was satisfied that he had removed all immediate danger. But still he did not feel so sure of his influence as when he had to deal with the verdant youths of Holworth. He had never quite fathomed Nelly; her manner, as she went about the house, was quiet and reserved, and he could form little idea of her thoughts and inclinations. She was in many respects like her mother' only he could not so easily obtain his own way with Nelly as he had with his wife, when she was alive. After giving the matter a good deal of laboured consideration, he came to the conclusion that the best thing he could do was to get Nelly safely and satisfactorily married to someone who fulfilled his ideal of a worthy husband, and who would cure her of her infatuation for Joe. His ideas of what went to make a satisfactory husband, however, were not of a nature to awaken much warmth or interest on the part of his daughter. The man he selected in his own mind as a suit- able son-in-law was the son of a builder, whose premises were situated about half a mile from the mill. His name was Baldry, and his personality and prospects appeared to the miller all that a young girl could desire. He was a steady, business- like young man, with whose character the miller believed no one could find any fault, and many girls in the town would have accepted him without hesitation. But his nature was a good deal like that of the miller—hard and grasning—and Nelly, who could fully apprqciate what a rife led in the com- pany of such a man would mean to her, by no means welcomed the attentions her father en- couraged. It very soon became evident to her what was meant when, with increasing frequency, young Baldry dropped in during the evening, under the pretence of seeing her father about some business, and she was not long in discovering that his visits were Paid with the miller's consent. At first these calls were of a somewhat formal character, and she had little cause for disquietude. After a time, however, it dawned upon the. miller that matters were not progressing so quickly and pleasantly as he would like to see them, and he began to introduce into the conversation laboured witticisms and unwelcome hints, which Nelly received in silence and the young man with an uncomfortable smile.

Befere very long the miller took the opportunity of leaving his daughter and her admirer in the room by themselves, and Baldry, who had been previously acquainted with his intention, broached the subject which, presumably, was nearest his heart. But he found no encouragement forthcoming from Nelly, who steadily gave him to understand that his attentions were distasteful to her. In spite of this rebuff, however,- he did not desist from calling at the house, but kept up his periodical visits, in the hope that he might in time either make a more favourable impression upon her or weary her into consenting to his suit. He cared for her as much as it was possible for him to care for anyone, but still he would not have persisted in his addresses but for the substantial benefit to be deriveill from a union with the miller's only child. Meanwhile, Nelly was cheered from time to time : by hearing that Joe had been successful in the new sphere to which he had transferred himself. Before leaving Holworth he had made arrangements with the landlady with whom be had lodged—the widow of an old wherryman, with whom he was a great favourite—that she should receive any letters he sent for Nelly, for he feared that otherwise they would be kept from her by the miller. By this means Nelly -learnt that, shortly after his arrival at the port, he had found employment with a smack- owner, who had known his father, and who gave him the superintendence of the stores used in his trawling vessels. In a later letter Joe sent the welcome news that he hoped shortly to be promoted to the more responsible position of agent for the smackowner, who was removing to a: neighbouring port, from which several of his trawlers sailed. These letters Nelly treasured up, and read over and over again irf the quiet of her bedroom; and their contents strengthened her in her determination not to give way to the double pressure brought to bear upon her by her father and her troublesome suitor. Still, it was a wearying time for her, and but for the hope that it would not be very long before Joe would be able to come and claim her, she would often have given way to despairing conjectures as to what was to be the end of it all. Her father was growing irritable towards her, and frequently expressed his dissatisfaction at the coolness of her treatment of her importunate admirer. As to the latter, in spite of Nelly's evident disinclination for his society, he continued to call at the mill, and often, when she was out walkin;.-f, would join her, and refuse to tale any notice of her hints that she preferred to be alone. In consequence of these marked attentions it was soon generally agreed in the little town that the miller's daughter had at last found a lover to her taste. When:once this idea became rooted in the minds of the town gossips it not easily displaced, and, naturally enough, before long a rumour of the sup- posed engagement reached Joe's ears. At first he merely smiled when he heard of the visits of the young builder to the mill-house, for he did not look upon Baldry as at all a formidable rival, but, by- and-bye, he heard that Nelly was in the habit of taking walks with her new admirer, and this made him somewhat uncomfortable. Still, he continued : to receive Nelly's letters, and, with such evidence of her love as they contained before him, he could not but feel sure of her faithfulness to him. At last, however, the news came up by one of the wherries that Nelly was going :to be married to her new suitor, and, though in his heart he felt there could : be no truth in the story, he decided to pay a visit to HolWorth, in order to set, his mind quite at ease. .As Christmas was approaching, and the smack- : owner's:vessels were all in port for the holidays, he was able:to get away without difficulty, and started for the little inland town full of pleasant anticipa- tion at the thought that in a few hours he would see : his Nelly, awl hear again her sweet assurances of love.

That Christmas the Frost King reigned supreme over the Broadland. As was frequently the case in winter, the river had overflowed the low, level marshes, and they were transformed into wide- stretching sheets of ice, so clear that the grass beneath could be seen is through a covering of glass. All along the intersecting roadways the stunted trees were outlined with the powdery white dust of the frozen night mists, the gates and railings by the side of the raised'pathS glistened as though sprinkling with diamonds. For some days the skaters had been holding high revel on the meadows, and now the ice on the river itself was so thick that some of the more venturesome of their number had essayed, upon its frozen surface. Still the majority of the skaters preferred the marshee, for the river ice had been broken up to allow of the passage of a wherry, and abounded in treacherous spots. The reach above the mill, however, was considered quite safe, and emongst those who betook themselves there. for an hour or two's enjoyment was Nelly, who, . like nearly all the marshland girls, was an adept at skating. She had had her skates on but a very few minutes; however, before she perceived, to her annoyance, that young Baldry had also selected that particular reach for an afternoon's recreation. It was not long before he caught sight of her, and he at once came up and skated by her side down.the river. Hoping he would soon leave her, Nelly skated sl9wly along, and saki as little as possible in reply to the complimentary speeches with which he attempted to justify his unwelcome attentions. But it was soon evident that he was in no hurry to leave her, and presently he seized her han s, and exclaimed: "Come along Nell ; let's have a spin together as far. as the wooden bridge." Much as site would have liked to do so, the girl found it impossible to get away from hint, and she was, per- force, obliged to let him have his own way. Just at this moment Joe came strolling along the hank of the frozen river. He had arrived at Holworth an hour or two before, and had ascertained from his old landlady that; she bad seen Nelly walk- ing towards the river carrying her skates -in her hands. When he caught sight of his sweetheart and her companion, he was pained and startled to find them apparently on such good teeny; with each other. It seemed to him such an evident confirmation of all the unpleasant rumours that had reached his cars, that in another in meta he was overwhelmed by a flood of an re H,e., :;-os and leter feeling agamet the girl had so heartlessly deceived him. -s] ]]]],,, \'].a -Baldry notk!ed him as he stood - them the bank, and it struck o '• er • far too pleasantly occupi 0;1 eo t,:e regard to anyone but

him I-1

each. other.

Angry ,A-ith hiiie and with Nelly--with him- (!t for 1144 trustfulness, and with Nelly for what he considered her dee' eureed away from the

===== 0002601_19030123_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
river, and walked in the direction of the milt. As• to the man who appeared to have supplanted him, Joe hardly gave him a thought. He had known him when he lived at Holworth, and failed to see what t.law was in him that could Dossibly attract such a girl as Nelly; but that was her affair. It was apt cool, thouqhtless. manner in which she seemed tl have throNlh him over that angered him, and Maths him say hitter things to himself as he walked along_ ") doubt," he thought, "she is deceiving us both and believes that neither knows of her relations with the other. Well, if that is the sort of girl She is, she may go her way. I've done with her." But soon he began to think less harshly of the girl, for he could not deny to himself that he still loved her dearly. True, he had thought her faithful to him, and that she was willing to make some: sacrifice in order to marry him; but now, no •doubt,. 1:1),!, had changed her mind, and realised that it wasi no little thing to give up the position of comparative ,!ase and comfort which was offered her and risk: the hardships that might attend a humble marriage. He was blind, he told himself, not to have scow: before how likely it was that somfthing of the kind, might happen; and now that it had occurred, was it so very surprising after all. By this time Joe had almost reached the mill, and' Was about to turn the bend of the road leading to' the bridge when lie heard a loud cry froAt down the river.

He stopped short and looked back in the direction. of the frozen reach. As he did so he heard another cry, followed by shouting. and saw several of the skaters hurrying towards the sluice use!' to draw off the overflow of water at time of flood. He knew that at such a spot the ice was almost sure to be unsafe, amid guessed immediokely that an accident must have happened. Immediately all his troubles were dismissed from his mind, and he started running towards the sluice. • As he sped along the bank he caught sight of two or three men dragging a gate, which had been hurriedly lifted from its hinges, across the ice, and he realised at once the nature of the catastrophe. Before the men were halfway across the river he was on the narrow footbridge over the sluice. Almost the first face he noticed amongst the crowd of skaters, who- were gazing horror-struck towards the pool below him, was that of Baldry, white, and wearing a look of utter helplessness. Quickly and anxiously Joe glanced round for some sign of Nelly. She was nowhere to be seen. Then another cry arose, and --Yith excited gestures several persons pointed to a, nat, which Joe at once recognised as Nelly's, float- ing near the edge of a sheet of ice, broken by the opening and'closing of the sluict. gate. In an instant he was on the ice, and rapidly pushed his way through the frighteniid crowd. Quickly but carefully he made his way across the treacherous part, where the ice cracked at every step, and when he found it unsafe to walk further, he laid down and drew himself along until he broken the down, edge. Behind he heard the men pushing the gate towards him, and then a rope, fetched from a neighbouring boat-house, was flung- to him from the foot-bridge. Grasping the rope firmly in his hand, and giving it a twist round his arm, he plunged into the water. Its icy coldness seemed to chill him, to the bone in a'moment, and to take his breath away, but the thought of Nelly, for whom nothing now remained in his heart but love, nerved him to fight against the numbing sensation which crept over 'him. He. rose to the- surface to breathe, and just as he did so caught sight of a hand raised above the water near the edge of the ice. It was visible but for a moment and, . appeared to make a feeble attempt to grasp some- thing; then disappeared again. With a couple of strong strokes Joe reached the spot, and, diving beneath the ice, clutched hold of Nelly's dress. There was no struggle, for the girl had made her last effort, and was now unconscious, and when he drew her towards him, she NN as a dead weight irc his hands. Then a rushing sound came in his ears, and he seemed to fall asleep, and knew no More. _ _

But by this time, two or three of the more daring- of the spectators had followed Joe's example, anct had drawn themselves along the slippery surface of the ice to the edge of the pool. Suddenly the rope they were holding slackened and ceased to move, and after waiting a moment they hauled it in. The unconscious Joe still held the end fast in his grasp, and presently he and his apparently lifeless burden were brought to the surface. With vreat difficu:ty. they were drawn upon the ice, the edge of which: broke two or three times with the weight brought to bear upon it; but at last they were drakged from the chilling boo' to a place of safety. Then: there was no lack of willing hands to assist in every way possible to restore them to consciousness. In a short time Joe was little the worse for his immersion, but for a long while it seemed as. though all attempts to revive Nelly were to be. unavailing. At last, however, a. faint movement Of the heart•was,.detected, followed by a twitching. of the eyelids, and presently she opened her eyes.

It was the morning of Christmas Day, and in the- mill-house parlour Nelly was seated in an armchair dreamily gazing at the flickering firelight. Her face• was rather pale, but there were indications that the colour was returning to her cheeks, while the languor which resulted from her accident on the river was fast leaving her. On the opposite side of the wide, old-fashioned fireplace, the miller sat, looking thoughtfully into his daughter's face. During the past few days a great change had come over the miller • the narrow escape of his young and pretty Nelly had affected him to an extent that he hardly yet realised. When his wife died he had been apparently little moved, and soon resumed his. usual routine manlier of living, as though no place- would for ever be left unfilled in his household. But with Nelly it seemed different; until now ho had not thought it possible that one so young could be taken from him by the remorseless hand that had robbed him of his wife. Now he aPpeared half afraid of his daughter, and when he spoke to her it was with a tenderness that was a surprise to both of them. The shock he had experienced had softened him, and in his heart there was awakening an entirely new feeling towards his only child.. Presently he coughed, and sat up in his chair. "I've asked Joe to look in to-night," he said. "Ii thought maybe you'd like to see him." Nelly's eyes brightened, and a flush came to her- cheeks. Life and hope seemed to come back to.her in a moment. As the tide at flood fills and freshens. the standing pool among the rocks, so a flood of joy filled her heart and renewed her life. "You see," her father continua, hesitatingly, "1 didn't think you really cared for him—thought you didn't know your own mind, and didn't know what you were doing. But I see now I was wrong. At it is, he seems to be doing well at the port, and— well, if you've made up your mind to have Mtn, you can let him know I've no objection." Then the miller coughed again and rose, am], after pausing a moment before the fire, turned. away and left the room, muttering something about business as an explanation of his rapid exit. But Nelly was not long in searching him out, and a few minutes later, as he sat at the desk in his dusty office he felt a hand laid gently on his arm, and a warm kiss on his forehead.

From that hour the miller began to discover that, if he willed it, life in the future might have some- thing better and more beautiful for him than he had ever yet realised.. He commenced to ask himself whether in the past his days had been spent in Fuch a way as would be likely to bring him the most substantial reward; whether, indeed, in grasping at the material 'satisfaction of increasing wealth, ho. had not allowed the More real and true pleasures of home ties and family affection to slip from him. When he felt Nelly's kiss upon his brow it suddenly dawned upon him what a great mistake he had made,, and how much he had unwittingly robbed himself of. And as he bent to kiss, for the first time for. years, that pretty upturned face, a tear trembled for a moment on his eyelid, and then fell on_the .hand resting caressingly on his arm. That evening when Joe called at the mill he found Nelly and her father sitting together by the fire, the- girl with her arm upon the miller's chair, while she iooked up lovingly into the old man's face. Ho. could see in an instant that a great change had taken place in the relations between the father and daughter, and that the conclusions he had drawn when the miller invited him to the house were cor- rect. The latter welcomed him with ,a hearty warmth that made it difficult for him to realise that. the greeting came from the man he had parted ro::te so differently but a few months before. And Nelly. --who in his eyes had never looked so beautiful as now with the flickering firelight playing on her fa-e --her glance o mingled love and happiness assured him that at last all barriers between them had been broken down. That evening seemed to Joe like a dream, and passed as quickly. The miller discreetly withdrew, and left the young.people to themselves. When he returned he found them seated hand in hand, silent but content. It was late when Joe left the mill, 'and as he walked along the snow-whitened road towards his old lodgings he found it hard to lylive that before the coming year was many weeke old a new era in. his life would have opened, and that be and Nelly- woUld be starting forward to meet, the future hand in hand. •

rrHE END.I

The Most Nutritious.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
,„„,„ „, F 44,01 • ATA hi -

Grateful

Conaiortim-f

..L.Jrealdast—Sunpen,

• r 2) T-Zt

===== 0002601_19030123_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19030123_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS

There would not be much of interest to chronicle this month if it were not for the sales, which, in spite of what some strong- minded individuals may say to the contrary, are ,dear to most feminine hearts. Some, perhaps, of the very greatest bargains may be picked up now, for many tradesmen keep the real bargains to the last, and therefore the closing days of the month often provide the best opportunities. It is a wise woman who yields to the seductions of short lengths of brocade, velvet, satin, lace, or mousseline. There are so many charming and useful details of dress which can be evolved out of two or three yards of any of the fore-mentioned stuffs, such as evening blouses, fronts, sleeves, collars, jabots, and a number of other dainty trifles. The pretty dressing jacket sketched is made of a nice shade of pink flannel trimmed with insertions of valenciennes lace, a bow of soft cream silk gracing the front. This pretty little garment could be made sufficiently dressy to do duty as a tea-jacket by the addition of a lining of white silk.

r '4114, is...P ~s('"j.'; '•--: -h j... . .? ? 4e7 St iiiiiili 4 r `L I . I , • ' 4 / 0.-....„:„. :-. ~ t....' fi ii

===== 0002601_19030123_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
PRETTY DRESSING JACKET.

The silk to be perfectly cosy for winter wear Ei.hould be wadded and quilted, but if this is thought coo warm or too expensive a lining, the silk could be laid flat on the flannel with or without an interlining of flannelette. Little rosettes of narrow pink 1)61)6 ribbon fixed at the end of the lines of lace insertion look very dainty, and add to the general effect. A dressing jacket takes :up so much less room in a trunk that it appeals strongly to those who pay flying visits to their 'friends. Those who through laziness or weak health frequently breakfast in bed will find the value of a cosy and ornamental little garment such as this which can so easily be slipped on and off, and is not overburdened with a quantity of fussy details such as lace or silk frills, 01 flounces which have the irritating peculiarity of dipping into one's tea cup, or the contents of one's plate. Of course, there is nothing, when out of bed, that affords one such a sense of complete comfort and satisfaction as a good dressing gown, and things have greatly advanced from the days when these "wrappers," as they were called, were

- ,--- 41111 L • 1/1 .- ,-,,-, -,-,..- .;(\ , Al.__ ;7:7 / i,11,,.410 i , ~,,•ti A . , NMk''.7 .;,i-i'ii:/ Oil 31.1011 i ill i'l. 11l . : I) g \ •'_,...„„:1„,1,,, I 11l :77.p. ---/,,;7-:_t_--___ -.• '-, I IV, -V /// I 111 ' tit , 11111 1/1 \ \k, \ ', AI

===== 0002601_19030123_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
A COSY DRESSING GOWN.

designed for use solely with no foolish leaning towards gratifying the artistic feelings or per- sonal vanity of the wearer. It is so easy nowadays to provide oneself with a pretty gown of this sort, which is very becoming to its owner, and combines all the requirements for comfort, and yet costs not one penny more than its hideous predecessor. This dressing gown was designed for a brunette, and is made of a thick yellow fluffy- surfaced woollen material with a reversible side in which the ground was cream with a zig- zag pattern in black. The yoke is of black chantilly lace over yellow silk, and a broad folded band or scarf of black crepe passes round the foot of the yoke, and is arranged in a bow in front from which two long ends depend, finished with a fine jetted fringe, and em- broidered with butterflies in coloured silks. The loose kimono sleeves have turned back cuffs of black velvet on which gaily-coloured butterflies are also worked. There is nothing in the style of this dressing gown too difficult for a clever girl to undertake herself, as the gown is easy fitting and being thick requires no lining, while the embroidered butterflies

17,, , ciAlii if 111 1 ---.7 \ 'ir • , p , ili , \ \ , ••• . S /4 ' i• ' - itekb, •

===== 0002601_19030123_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A DANCING FROCK.

which give the cachet to the gown could be worked in any spare minutes. For a fair-haired girl a deep yet bright blue or pink material should be substituted. - - - _ - -

The little frock depicted is suitable for a girl of six to ten yeas a old, and is made of cream- coloured accordion-pleated nun's veiling. The yoke is of lace interthreaded with narrow rale pink atin ribt.on. An odd length of accordion-pleated material can be used for many purposes, and if of a deeror length than is necessary for a blouse, it could not be put to a better purpose than to create a charming little dancing frock such as this. The sleeves are of tucked nun's veiling., and finish in a fall of lace. Underneath a frock of this nature the pettfcoats worn must be of a fine description, adorned with insertion and abundant frilling lace, and the stocking:, and shoes, which com- plete the toilette, must also be carefully selected and fit well. Too many IT others expend all their energies on the •frock itself and neglect the adjuncts which are in reality so very importanC,, as they have a great deal to do with the success Or non- success of the tour enxemble. A child never looks prettier than when dressed in a simple frock of this description, as the flowing lines are most becoming to the slender young figure.

COQUETTE.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Princess Margaret and Princess Victoria Patricia of Connaught who are very popular in Society, have been paying aseries of visits since .the Duke mid Duchess of Connaught left for India. They have been staying with Earl and Countess Beauchamp, at Madresfield Court, where Princess Margaret quietly kept her twenty-first birthday on the 15th of this month. Whilst there the Princesses paid a visit to the Royal Porcelain Manu- factory, as Worcester, but Princess Margaret is more fond of music than of art and she is one of the most accomplished pianists in the Royal Family. The two Princesses like Dublin, where they are known, and where when Lady Dudley returns from the Rivierathey will go On a visit to Lord and Lady Dudley at the Viceregal Lodge. The Beauchamp family trace their descent from the time of Edward 1., and Madresfield Court, their ancestral home, is one of the most famous mansions in the country. The founder of the family was Walter de i Beauchamp, who was Steward ,of the Household to I Edward 1., a post filled by Lord Beauchamp's father in the Household of Queen Victoria some years ago. I Madresfield Court played an important part in the Civil War, and it is still surrounded by a moat with a draw I bridge. The gardens are also as famous as the mansion itself. They are enclosed in great avenues of cedars and elms, and each garden has a special class of flower, so that one class or other is in bloom each day of the year.. . Some people are disposed to think that the world is getting too clever. However that may be, another dis- covery is announced in a new direction, viz., that of the 'etherization" of plants, which is intended to force flowers to bloom out of season, and to abridge the natural resting period very considerably. After being twice subjected to the action of ether—on each occa- sion for 48 hours, at a stretch—the plants are removed to a forcing house where it is said, they quickly begin to bloom. Experiments are stated to have been made with blac azaleas.and othersflowers, in most cases with complete success. It is claimed for the new method which has been tried by a Norfolk horticulturist, that it decreases greatly the cost of forcing flowers into bloom during the winter.. If that is so the prices ought 'to come down which is the practical effect that concerns most nearly the majority of people. I At several churches in London the clergy are devis- ing novelties in the hope of attracting more people to ; the services. None however are so entirely successful as the means adopted by Dr. Portens, to secure the regular attendance of his parishioners in the Kentish village of Hinton of which he was rector from 1765 to ; 1787. Dr. Portens was afterwards Bishop • of London, • and his name is well-known in connection with the Act . , of Parliament, with regard to Sunday observance. - Under his will he loft a sum of money to be divided , I annually between six poor cottagers at Hinton who; attended church most regularly. Each recipient lakes ! between .£4 and .£5, and this is not without effect in inducing the villagers to go regularly to church. At one church in London, magic lantern displays prove a great attraction, and at another the Vicar has I recently decided to hold a number of services in the dark. This is opposed to the popular view that many women go to church. to criticise the hats and gowns of other lady members of the congregation, but this par- ticular parish is in a poor district. When the Vicar ; enquired why more women did not attend the church ;he was frequently met with the reply "I cannot afford, Ito dress well enough." He has therefore decidell to hold certain services absolutely in the dark, and, as ; books would be useless, the Psalms and hymns will be thrown on a screen which can be readily seen by worshippers." Among smart women, the demand for white fur pelerines and muffs, has practically ceased, and all the ' best shops have been offering these furs at a really low figure during the sales. They possess many disadvan- tages. To begin with, the rapidity with which they soil even in bright frosty weather, is amazing! Again a mas 3 of white is overpowering and blots out the values of a daintily designed toilette, and yet again to only the quite young, and very bonny face, are these white furs becoming. The modish woman,hosvever, has not given up her pet idea of a note of white about the I throat. A thickly-lined, front and neckband of white chiffon, or crepe de chine, is worn with the fashionable collarless coat, and over this, when the weather de- wands it, a little ermine tie appears. Speaking of the quite jeans fille,there is very welcome simplicity about her entire outfit just now. The ' simplest fabrics and styles only, fall to her share, and absolutely no jewellery, the throat, shoulders, sad arms being left free of ornament, also the hair, which is most simply arranged. For dance dresses, sills tulle is the , ' fabric of the season, then come gauze. silk muslin, net, chiffon, and crêpe de chine. In colours, pink is first favourite, but white is more generally preferred. Smooth cloths will return to favour this coming spring. To the woman who can afford but one 'tailor gown a year, this will be welcome news, as in smooth cloths the suitably cut coatee does as well for indooreis outdoor wear. Regarding colours, quiet tones seem ; likely to reign supreme. At the moment plaids and checks are seen, but the smaller the latter, and more broken the former, the better the effect will be. Shot silks too have come to the front again, blue and green,asad. red and black, being the favourite combinations. Society just now seems to hick both a plaything and a craze. It is tired of ping-pong and of bridge, and seems quite unable at the moment to discover a new fashionable game wherewith to combat .the ennui of a life of leisure. The American Society woman is gener- ally very resourceful in discovering new fads, but then they are usually of a too fantastic nature to be seriously taken up on this side. In some so-called -smart sets euchre parties are all the rage. It is a more gambling game than bridge, but the women are comparatively few of whom cards have an absorbing interest, and it is not an unhealthy sign that so many of them have taken most enthusiastically to the motor car for pleasure and diversion. - How to keep palms and ferns through the winter, is a problem few women—who have neither conservatory or greenhouse properly warmed and ventilated—are able to solve in a successful manner, am' the new idea of real palms and ferns, covered with some sort of invisi- ble composition which makes them everlasting, is likely to he much appreciated. At present these "real " I plants, which require no attention, other that dusting, are somewhat expensive, but they will last, of course, I for an indefinite time, if carefully handled. Those among us, who enjoy on dits will thoroughly ' appreciate the work " Musicians' Wit, Humour, and Anecdote," by Frederick J. Crowest—(The Walter Scott Publishing Co., Limited-3s. :;L)—Tt contains several , hundred stories—the majority :)f them new—of great composers, singers, and inearnmental ists, of all countries and all times. For those int:,reAted in graphology, the book will holden added clueen, as it contains a con- . siderable number of autograptae it is moreover pro-. fusely illustrated with quaint drawings by J. P, Donne. • MAD GE.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
STOP A COUGH-iN ONE NIGHT.

BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, AND CHILDREN'S COUGHS CURED ABSOLUTELY BY VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. THIS MARVELLOUSLY SUCCESSFUL REMEDY SURPASSE ANYTHING IN THE HEALING ART ANDOHAS THE bARC4E3T SALE IN THE WORLD.

The remarkable rapidity with which Veno's Lightning Cough Cure absolutely cures the worst case of chronic Coughs, Bronchitis, Asthma Influenza, Catarrh, and children's coughs has gained for it a scientific standing and many recommendations from recognised authorities. GRANVILLE' H. SHARPE, F.C.S., Analyst, 11 and 12, Gt. Tower-street, London, says in his certificate of analysis : "I 'am of opinion that Veno's Lightning Cough Cure will prove a valnable remedy in the cure Of Coughs, Colds, Asthma, and all bronchial complaints. Mrs. ADA S. BALLIN, 5, Agar-street, London, Editoress of "Womanhood," writes: "Veno's Light- ning Cough Cure is an exceedingly successful remedy; it is very pleasant to take and the relief it gives is very rapid. The Preparation is perfectly safe for children.' Mrs. MARTIN HILL, The Hem,. Shifnal, Salop writes. "I am better than I have beec for six years. have been given up by doctors, but Veno's Lightning Cough Cure has been a blessing to •me. I had to sit three months in a chair and could not lie down for shortness of breath. All this has gone now, and lam looldng very well." E. McLA.REN DYRES, 11, Woburn-road, Bedford, a well-known preacher and public speaker, writes: "I strongly recommend Veno's Lightning Cough Cure to all public speakers who suffer as I have done from the throat. It is truly a wonderful remedy, very pleasant

to tbe t,ste." VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is a new scientific remedy vastly superior to ordinary cough mixtures or any of the emulsions. Asls for Veno's Lightning Cough Cure, price 1/i. and 2/9, at Chemists and Medicine Vendors everywhere. Sample bottles on receipt of 4d. for postage and packing from the VENO DRUG CO., HULME, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
EVENTS OF THE wax

THE DEATH OF M. DE BLOWITZ.

M. de Blowitz, the veteran French journalist .who was for many years the Paris correspondent .of the "Times," and who died on Sunday last, was born at Pilsen, in Bohemia, on December 28, 1825, It waa only a few weeks ago that he was pre- sented with a souvenir by his Paris colleagues on his retirement, which took effect at the end of last year. He became a French citizen during the Franco-German war, and joined the staff of the -4‘ Times" a year later. The last time in which he had "the honour to speak in the columns of the Times," was in an article on "France in 1902," which appeared on the last day of the old year. M. de Blowitz was a born journalist— enterprising, tact- fu, shrewd, wielding a ready pen, with which he understoood at once how to in- terest and enter- tain his readers, to serve the best interests of the

public. It was not long before .shis daily telegrams to the "Times," ac- --quired a European importance. Never before had a journalist been so well informed. He was one of the first newspaplr writers to make use of the inter- -view as a means of instructing the public, and there was scarcely a notability of his time who did not yield himself to him. M. 'niers, M. Gambetta, . Prince Bismarck, the late Kin?: of Spain, the :Sultan, and Many other illustrious personages had „recourse to him at times of crisis. A NEW CRZMATORIUM. There can be little doubt that the averse senti- ,m,-,nt awakened when the advocacy of cremation was begun in earnest in this country some years . two is suffering a sure if somewhat slow death. One by one, crematoria are springing up, and now municipal bodies that favour immediate reduction to ashes are the majority. The first municipal crematorium was built in 1901 at Hull, and since then similar institutions have been established in Sheffield, Liverpool, Bournemouth, Exeter, Leices- ter, and Glasgow. At these, cremations are of ;almost daily occurrence. A new crematorium has been erected for London at Golder's Hill, Hendon. Previously the nearest crematorium to the metro- Tons has been that at Woking—twenty-four miles .distant—but Golder's Hill, Hendon, is within four ,or five miles of the Marble Arch. At present the ,chapel is surrounded by fields, but the furnaces

la. '

THE NEW CREMATORIUM AT GOLDER'S HILL,

LO N DON,

THE FLUE INTO WHICH THE ASHES

ARE ?LAMM IS SHOWN AT THE TOP.

and other arramtements, which are of the most ,modern pattern, are so satisfactory that, it is stated, no inconvenience would be caused to the inhabi- tants should the district at some future time .becorne thickly populated. Our firbt sketch shows The exterior of the chapel, a handsome substantial building, with an interior on the most apprOved ;plans. Cremation is not the unpleasant sight to witness that many seem to imagine. The interior .of the catafalque is, as the illustration shows, of very reassuring appearance and, looking at it from the point of view from which the sketch was 'drawn, does not contain anything to awaken feelings of repulsion in the most sensitive. The projecting platform seen on the right shows the entrance to the crematory proper from the cata- falque, and, even when looking directly down this passage, there is no vestige of fire or unpleasant :heat.

r-11, <') \-44*, „ spk ((it( _ -)• • 1, (-) -Q\ \• t , THE LATE M. DE BLOWITZ.

1 ....,. 4 I - --1 4'...„,45:' ..: I I (tX,,,, , 7 l• ' ;444.-.:. •'--\-• •• . " ... 1 . ; ' • ,tr 7- z,- 1‘ • t l• .4111 3110—irillii ~, ~...._ s• --,L=2 ••=1;-;__----- ii . i .1 • a—, ; ‘.2. .._ _.—_-,_—__ = r .. . i.r., lzr--.-- 7 ~,—„w„-,..,:*1it1'1 1 iII iim,,,,garzi--z-zi-gid.', ___ • NI, 41.71priez0 • 1 . .„„„.,,,_4_,:,, ... . -4__-_--d ,AP-::_t_ 1 11P . --T__-----.=,..---.----------- ii .).„1

===== 0002601_19030123_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
C. B. FRY'S DEBUT.

The announcement that C. B. Fry would make his debut for Portsmouth against Millwall at Fratton rark in a Western League match on Wednesday, greatly interested the football world of the South. and many were those individual resolhtions the result in a big gate. The Ports- mouth Club are naturally anxious that the famous amateur should obtain as much practice with hi i new colleagues as possible prior to the Cup tie at Everton, and with this object in view they desired to have him transferred from Southampton for Southern League matches, so that he might play for Ports- mouth against Bristol lovers this week. Mr. F r y himself agreed to this suggestion, and it was not ex- pected that the "Saints" would offer any objec- tion to the pro- posal. The feel- ing in Ports- mouth is that the club have acted wisely in accepting th e ft ports manlike offer of the old Oxonian. The report wam circu- c. D. FRY lated last week ,WHO NOW PLATS NCR PORTS- MOUTH.

that Mr. Fry had applied to the Football Association for his transfer to Ports- mouth in the Southern League. As a matter of fact, Mr. Fry actually registered himself as a playing member for Portsmouth on February 9, so that there can be no question about his being eligible for the Cup tie. He merely signed a Southern League form, in order that he might obtain more practice with Portsmouth. Mr. Fry is one of the best educated footballers we have. He has taken the Oxford degree of 8.A., after being educated at Repton and Wadham College, Oxford.

y, sitter- .04 r ; • 5 it- -211 4!!ltrj: %;0') e)4)

===== 0002601_19030123_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
TWO IMPORTANT NAVAL ADDITIONS.

Towards the close of last week an interesting -ceremony took place at Portsmouth, when the cruiser Snitio/k, which belongs to what is known as the county class, was launched by Lady Stradbroke in the presence of an enormous crowd of spectators, who braved the intensely cold weather. The launch was effected without a hitch, and SO well was everything arranged that by the mere severing of a rope the new cruiser was auto- matiettlly released and glided smoothly into the leptFr. The Suffolk, designed by Sir William hite, has for some while been a familiar sight to those pa.sing up and down POtsmouth Harbour. i She s an armoured cruiser of 9,800 tons displace- ment, and, although she will carry no heavier guns than 6-inch quick-firers, she promises to be a very doughy opponent to far larger vessels on account ,of her numerous armaments and armoured protect- ions, which are tour and five inches thick. She -possesses an armoured deck, armoured bulkheads, ,ten armoured casements and two armoured turrets : 'and 'is indeed a ship of war. The length of the :Suffolk is 440 ft., with a beam of 66 ft..,. and i with twin screws she s expected to do 23 knots. She appears a little peculiar at first sight on account of stumpy topmasts; but she belongs to ,a highly serviceable class, and in time of war should prove an extraordinarily useful 'vessel. The following day there was laid down upon .the slip, from which the Suffolk was launched, the battleship New Zealand, which belongs to the King Edward VII class, and is of 16,500 Una displacement, and will be upon her ..com- -pletion one of the most powerful battleships in the world. Of 18,000 horse-power, she will be up to 18 knots, and will carry 2000, tons of coal. ,Zhe is IQ ft. in length, .78 it, in boadth, with

a draught of just on 27 ft., and she will— although cairying no fighting-tops, each mast carrying nothing but a searchlight-top—be very heavily armed with big gnus and strongly

NEW FIRST-CLASS BATTLEShIP NE

NEW COUNTY CRUISER, SUFFOLK.

AND,

protected. Indeed H.M.S. New Zealand should prove a match for any battleship ail() ; and the end of last week is noteworthy in naval annals.

THE COMMAND OF THE FOURTH ARMY CORPS.

The latest Army Gazette was a very interesting and important one, as it contained the official announcemPnt of several leading appointments in the .service. Chief of these, and one of the most unexpected, was that of Lieutenant-General Lord Grenfell, G.C.8., G.C.M.G., to command the Fourth Army Corps, that is, the East Anglian one with its headquarters at Colchester. This distinguished officer, who i, about to vacate the Governorship of Malta, was, according to constant rumour, intending to hang up his arms after his long service, and, therefore, his selection for the still to be formed Fourth Army Corps came as a pleasant surprise to his friends. Only last year he was raised to the peerage as Lord Grenfell of Kilvey ; and this was taken in

many quarters as

preparat cry to .

his retirement

from active ser-

vice. Born in

1841, Sir Francis

Grerifell, as he is

still

m ore

popularly. called,

entered the 60th. Rifles in 1859, and

has since then

seen a large

amount of active service. In the Kaffir War of 1878 and the Zulu

Wart year _later

he distinguished LORD GRENFELL, hiuisf; and in the

Transvaal Nliw COMMANDI•:H rouwrif

troubles in 1881- 1882 he acted ns

Alt 111" CORPS.

Quartermuter-General. Then, going to the other extreme of the African continent, he served in the 1882 Egyptian campaign and the Nile expedition of 1884. A year later he was appointed Sirdar of the Egyptian Army, which post he held till 1892, having under his command L,lrd Kitchener, Sir George White and other famous soldiers. Lord Grenfell was at the War Office from 1894 to 1897 as Inspector-General of Auxiliary Forces ; and subs°. quently he assumed the Malta command.

I _________-.)i,?,\ r 'i-• • --- . . -.,----,----- ~- .-,=0,..-,:-:-:---_-.,,--._-2-_•-•,t,- __.,-,-J:=_-_-t--4,-- -.1---:,----i,--- ." -- __---2--7-_,----.7---_.-.. ::.------...---49-----....-- - - - ----- _ .____ _ • • ...- - .42t71. ._..: ,„4., „41 _\..........:44.....,.:.17..c• ..,religiir , . 1.4: :„.; _____.4 0: ) 1 I• , N, .. , ' i e..\-... . ' 4 1_ f1...2..''',..- --......i.-... .----7.1 ..iii----,-.........,....,---.....„ _. _...=,,, ----,---- .- _ ._,_. ez .........-..„- -,-:- --- ---„,, ----" ......<,--,,..---12...."---,----- --, , `"-11V ZEAT

)cr- .: V , 2- Pl' • A _ -0\ \l?) i A.,, / i _,---.,,,& i /777- 46-- --*7

===== 0002601_19030123_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STANLEY AUTOMOBILE SHOW.

The first of the many motor car exhibitions to be held between now and the early summer is the Stanley Automobile Show, at Earl's Court, which opened its doors last week under the au,pices of the Stanley Cycling Club, who hold vn annual show of cycles at the Agricultural Hall every winter. Their present exhibition is not so much large as interesting, and it contains plenty of things to fascinate the automobilist, especially if he be of a patriotic turn of mind, as British cars are particularly well represented. Of all the finest stalls is that of the Lanchester Company, of Birmingham, who show no less than elevon txamp.es of their much admired car. This auto- mobile is entirely British all through, and built on I I itl .:,_____ h, i.i ,LL-4_ /„...•,,,-,7, Nz. -,--...--3-k "•'/,' .1-e' ''''', • ~.1,..w LI --i 7.--,,,,-.., _ _,_,.7,, , -f7 , . T %-M I II; 77.":,..;;i:i . LI I.;,,A --1‘,.,-------, f--?'1;?•!...$ , iti , —-- __;,..-,'........:—..------- • _. -- -1!! • - --, , ;; •!! \l'is / !Akk?S!!'

Zr

; JV

lifll

I - tir 7.:7247; •

I 1,- a ~,, -'''z.'!--t elt:, if l• . a s.. , , ,e-ciz,,l=alif;- --1, ..-

4.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
A CORNET: OF THE STANLEY s:row.

totally unconventional lines. It is mule win 10 h.p., horizontal, and air-cooled engine, and his the works' in the centre, thereby giving the carriage .a very smart appearancv It has only been on the market a year, but has caught on wonderfully, and amongst its numerous p-ttrons are the War Office, the Duke of Portland, Mr. Entlyard Kipling, and many o: her well-known names. Other prominent Briti.-h cars shown are those of the Motor ManuNcturing Comp-iny, the Velox (a new car of great interest), and many others ; while the French are 'wind') lily repre• sented by the Peugeot, hi De Dietrich and the Clement, America by the Prescott steam car. the Oldsmobile, and the Duryea, Belgium by the Ger am n and Pipe cars, and Germany by hc Mercedes and the Benz.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
SURGZRY WITHOUT THE Wilt- E

Dr. Lorenz, a remarkably clever Austrian specialist, has discovered that many surgical operations which have hitherto necessitated the use of the knife, can be trewed more successfully and with less pain by a bloodless plastic method. Dr. Lorenz has lately been giving demonstratious to London surgeons who were greatly impressed at the success of this treatment. Wnen Dr. Lorenz visited Ameria to cure little Lolita Armour of congenital dislocation of the hip, the medical facia!), marvelled at his system of treatment ; but they did not understand how far-reaching it was, and what miracles might be accompli-hed by it. Dr. Lorenz has since then travelled across the entire American continent and back again, and has performed his operations free in a dozen cities. He has cured thousands of • crippled children, writ's() case i were hitherto regarded as hopeless. He has made them straight and whore, able to Walk and to do their life's work. It is no exoggera- don to appty the term " miracles of Acience " to Dr. Lorenz's opfrations, for he has cured cases which were re- garded as hope- less, even with the most radical use of the knife. DR. LORENZ Congenital dis- TEM: INV F.NTOR OF PLASTIC location of the. :SURGERY. hip is only one

of the many de• fortuities of chil- dren to which his Tstem is applicable. Among the other common deformities which Dr. Lorenz has cured by bloodless surgery are wry neck, curvature of the spine, club f(et, knot:k knees. and bow legs. The greater number of chil- dren's deformities are due to some displacement of the muscles or soft parts, and not to malfortirition of the bones. To all deformities of this character bloodless surgery is applicable. For instance, club foot is due to the twisting up of the foot in a spiral form,-the forward part of the foot usually being turned very much in. Dr. Lorenz seizes this spiral with his powerful hands, and unrolls it till it assumes the natural shape of a foot. The common method is to cut into bones muscles and tendonft until the foot is as nearly riatugal as possible..

G ' 1 ...":1 0"..e.. ~10 ) ,1! )1 % /.'.(i7e,,,,,,„,.,: „,,.„ 11, ~.,....‘„,,,,,,,,.. .., iii. L,,,j , ~_. ..,„_ 46 -..,-,t, ~.*.ei ....) ...," ...k . I , , .... • , ,

===== 0002601_19030123_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, January 23, 1903.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

St. Paul's Church.

A large congregation assembled in this church on Sunday evening when the choir rendered Maunder's sacred cantata "Penitence, Pardon and Peace." The singing throughout was admirable, and gave evidence of carefpl training. Miss Armstrong and Mr. Gelderd were the soloists and acquitted themselves with great credit. Mr. E. Wilkes presided at the organ with his usual skill.

Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church.

On Sunday, the Rev. J. Gardham Reed occupied the pulpit in the morning, and also led the adult Bible Class, of which thereare over 70 members, in the after- noon. Mr. Albert Calvery from Widnes, preached at night, when the Lord's Prayer set to music was sung, also a hymn tune composed by the organist, Mr. Fred Podmore, both being heartily appreciated.

LOCAL FOOTBALL.

N'EARY & POg Are reminded that Billierth, tile King .4 In I .• Game.l ie brought a within ih!. reich of everybody by HusBKrti Table Min rds, procurable (rum the local dporo Drier at 12e. ed. a tz d 18g. 6.1.

If you have net already G Er). G. Boss ET & Ga.'S Indoe Games List. obtain It from vnur Dealer.

114100TB4LLIIitS will be glad to know thit the wo rit famed manufacturers. Geo. G. Bussey & Co.. of Londo turn out Balls, which for quality, uniformity. and durability are unique. These bills will be distinguished by tin appearance thereon of their well-known trade mark ASK the (mail Sports Deller for GG B it •Jo's Price List. If no; procurable, apply to 36 and 38, QUEsN VIOToIIWBTREEr. London. Factory—Peckham. S.R. (1)

===== 0002601_19030123_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
SITENGTHEN ACHING BACKS.

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills Do It.

A Pain in the Back may be due to one of several causes, namely : Liver Complaint—if between the shoulders; Kidney Diseases—if across loins; Lumbago or Rhemnatism—anywhere ; Sciatica in the loins, extending to hip and thigh. Spinal Disease, if of a shooting character. In additick to this, many women suffer from weakness and aching in the back and side, due to another cause peculiar to themselves. All these pains are symptoms : with the exception of Lumbago, they are not a disease itself. •Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, by their Tonic and Spinal action directly strengthen the Back and .thus -give immediate ease in all Backaches. But they do more than this, if persevered with : fiir they so build up the Nerves and enrich the blood supply all over the body that they eradicate the causes of disease. By perfecting and easing the digestion they-- cure Liver Complaint and Bllidusness : by enriching the blood and enabling it to (wry off impurities they cure Kidney Disease : by expelling lactic acid from the system and oxygenating the blood they cure Lumbago and Rheumatism ; by their direct action on the Spine they have cured a number of very severe cases of Spinal Disease, Locomotor Ataxy and Paralysis: and by a property peculiar to themselves and greatly appreciated by -Women of all ages, they remove the Backaches, which are the bane of their lives.

Sciatica,another nerve pain which starts in the back and runs down the Hip and Thigh, usually on one side only--a pain almost like a red-hot wire applied suddenly to the skin--has also been cured in almost every case we have heard of, where they have been used according to directions, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. . _ .

Take note that the genuine pills alone, sold in a pink-wrapped package with Dr. Williams' name, have d. I, Substitu- tes never cur e d any one, and we

earnestly warn all custom acc., statements of the "just as good" kind, made by interested shopkeepers to push substitutes. The genuine Dr Williams pills must be Insisted ;upon, and if shopkeepers worry the reader to take substitutes we recommend that he send direct to us----Dr. Williams' medicine 'company, Holborn- viaduct, London, for a 2s. 9d. box, post free; or 13s. 9d. for six boxes, postal order to be enclosed. Certain Shopkeepers are especially fond of trying to push substitutes on ladies, whom they think easy to overpersuado. Avoid such shops and deal NA:ith honest tradesmen who give you what you ask .for with- out parley. , The following is one instance out of many in which agonising Back-Pains have been cured by the genuine Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

Mr. Thomas Walker, 151 Petershill-road, Springburn- road, Glasgow, is one of the most energetic and success- ful commercial travellers in Scotland.

"A year ago," said Mr. Walker, "I began to feel very languid. I had a pain in the small of my back. .1 began to wonder what the pain was due to. I recollected that two years before I was seized with a fearful pain —Sciatica—in the left hip, and was forced to keep my bed for fully six weekss After that, with a pain always present in my back, I began to go about again, but I was so done up that I used to break out into cold sweats, and I often felt as if T should swoon. The pain getting unbearable, I was on the point of consulting one of the most famous doctors in Glasgow, when a friend assured me that it would be cheaper and more satisfactory to myself if I got a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. I obtained a box, and before I had taken all the contents, the pain in my back was quite gone. I could walk upright, and go any distance. My appetite returned, and I felt that my food was really doing me good. I could sleep as soon as I laid my head on the pillow, whereas beforej was a martyr to backache, cold sweats, faintness and sleeplessness. There is not the least doubt that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cured me."

An interesting case in which Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cured a tiresome skin disease, which made the sufferer almost dread to look in the glass, will be found on another page in this week's paper.

.d pile.ik, 4, _ .-. WILL_ -: "i 19A,•%, INK 11 . luir LLS ( 1% ,4 .-e- .7,0,-.4 , ',, ALE. to ~‘ , i-trill. ,--,, 4 ',lf, ,x 4 --,'z - EOPLE. -,\ oers llot to L ,ept any '

===== 0002601_19030123_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
A SCHOOLBOY'S SAD DEATH. Fatal Fianellette Again.

Mr. Brighouse, county coroner, conducted an inquiry at the Police Station on Monday afternoon relative to the death of Albert Proctor Jones, aged 13 years and 11 months, only son of Mr. James Proctor Jones, of Sunny- side, Latchford.—The only witness called was the father of the deceased boy, who informed the Court that he was an estate agent, and lived at 661, Knutsford-road. At eight o'clock on Thursday morning last week his son went downstairs to attend to the postman at the front door. There was a penny to pay on one of the letters, and the lad came upstairs for it. Witness gave it to him, and the boy went downstairs with it. Shortly afterwards witness heard screams and ran downstairs. He found the deceased at the bottom of the stairs with his flannelette shirt on fire. Ile obtained a rug,wrapped it round him, and extinguished the flames. Doctors Leadbetter and Bowden were called in and attended the boy until he died on Friday evening. Previous to his death, witness's son told him that after,he had given thq postman the penny he went to the kitchen fire and knelt on the fender to warm himself when his shirt caught _ _ _

The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death," and passed a vote of sympathy with Mr. Jones and his _

—The' Coroner, in canveying the vote of sympathy, also expressed his -sorrow at the sad °cc:armee. It may be added that th 3 boy should have taken a part in the con- cert given by the scholars attending People's College in aid of local charities, on the evening of the unfortun- ate accident. The news of his death came as a great shock to the scholars and friends of the deceased boy.— The grave closed over his remains on Tuesday at the Cemetery. Many wreaths were forwarded from sym- pathising friends and fellow-scholars.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE EVIL LEADS TO ANOTHER. --- - A Miner's Strange Experience.

When a child builds up with wooden brrelis a tine house, and then removes the bottom brick, his little eyes open wide with surprise when the whole pile collapses. The human body is built up of so many living systems each dependent upon another like the bricks in the child's house. Yet many people wonder how it is that theyhave so many ailments. They have so many because they have one! In other words some important function becomes deranged and throws all else out of gear. The digestion goes wrong say : this disorders the blood, spoils the appetite, robs the body of its energy, and reduces its tone. Thusaffected, prevalent diseases sometimes creep in and loail because one brick is pulled out as it were. Mr. Wm. Buxton, a miner of Ebenezer-street, Awsworth, Ilkeston, says .—" Some years ago I began to suffer very badly from indigestion. I could not eat a proper meal, and the pains after even scanty meals were terrible. At times they were so great, that I would have to move about the house in a doubled-up position, catching ho Id c tb' f 'litre to help me along.

To the pains of indigestion were next added the horrors of biliousness. The sickness and retching nutde me so bad that I often thought T should never got well again. Probably because my system got run down completely I then .contraeted intluetwa. My doctor attended me, but I received very little good from his treatment. Then I read about Chas. Forde's Bile Beans, and 1 determined to give them a trial. Soon after commencing with the first box I felt au improvement. I seemed to grow stronger, my appetite began to • return, and the indigestion Antoci. I per- severed with the Beans, and the biliousness also. disap- peared. I.am now quite cured of all my old-time ail- ments, and able to work my shift regularly and ener- getically." Here is powerful proof of what cures- Chaff. Forde's Bile Beans can effect. Wherever the liver is dis Ordered, the digestiottwrong, the blood impure and the vitality ; low, then are Bile Beans a boon. If you are out of sorts and haven't proved their merit lose no.moretime, , Any chemist will supply them at one and three-half.' pence or two-and-nine. Don'ttake subgitut es.-

Jf the furni A El I . .4-10.• imr ~.i... ...... .. 0 - . , F(/ it i / 1/ i 4 '1 #fr .i i; , 4iihyr 1 4.r-41r

===== 0002601_19030123_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Peter's Church.

The Rev. M. W. Larcombe, M.A., vicar of St. Aidan's Liverpool preached the annual sermons on behalf of the Church Pastoral Aid Societyat this church on Sunday. In the afternoon the rev, gentleman spoke at the men's service on "Gambling." said that several speakers had defined gambling as stealing, but he did not look upon it in that light, but as a transference of property from one to another on an element of chance. We were stewards of the money that was entrusted to us, or which we had earned, and we had no right to dispose of it by gambling. Miss Alice Bridge was the soloist, and there was a good attendance. Mr, P. Edgar was at the organ morning and evening, and Mr. F. Webster, assist- ant organist, presided at the instrument at the after- noon service.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Good Templar S ermons at Warrington.

On Sunday last, special services were held in Ebenezer'Church, under the auspices of the 1.Q.G.T., Temperance Mission Lodge. There VCELS a good congre- gation at the morning service when the Rev. J. A. Lee, D.C.T. (Liverpool), was the preacher. He based his sermon on the words, "But, beloved, be not ignorant of one thin,,, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day," 2 Peter, 111. A man's li fe,he said,was not measured by the number of years he had lived, but by the amount of good work he had accomplished. In point of years, the oldest man that ever lived was Methuselah, but what have we in remembrance of him? Absolutely nothing but the dates of his birth and death. In his opinion, the oldest man was the man who was only thirty-three years on this earth and was then crucified for the sins of the world. He urged all present not to let a single day pass without something done for God. In the afternoon, a children's musical service was held, when Mr. F. Merlin presided. Four girls from the Juvenile Temple sang "Come, sign the pledge," Mr. J. Sheath recited Long- fellow's "Psalm of Life." and a duet, "Charity," was rendered by Misses E. Lee and K. Bowyer. Rev. J. A. Lee gave an address to the children on kindness, taking for his text "Words fitly spoken are as apples of gold in baskets of silver."—Prov. xxvi. 11.—Mrs. Lee, D.v.T., had charge of the evening service, when the place was full. She gave a very interesting discourse on Jesus Christ as the burden-bearer, speaking from the words "My people have gone into captivity because they have no knowledge."—lsaiah v. 13. Special hymns were sung during the thy, and at the evening service, instead of the usual anthem, the choir effectively rendered "Look not upon the wine." Mr. J. H. Thornton presided at the organ. The members of the lodge sat in regalia at all the services and presented a pleasing appearance.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

THE COMBINATION. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS V. WHITE STAR WANDERERs. --At Newton. Through Newton being lat'3, the start was delayed. Half-time: Newton-le-Willows 2 goals White Star 1 goal. Final : White Star 4, Newton 2.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE LEAGUE

EARLESTOWN V. • STALYBRIDGE ROVERS.—Played at Earlestown, before about 500 spectators. The recent severe weather had rendered the ground very hard and slippery and the players found it very difficult to keep their feet. The home skipper Won the toss, and decided to play against the hill, Davies setting the ball in motion on behalf of the Rovers. The Earlestown team included two new men in Swift,a custodian from Bolton and Cox, a left outside from Preston. Play was chiefly fought out in the home half, and Whittaker had very little to do. A long shot from. BArtley provided the custodian with his solitary piece of work for some time. A faulty clearance by CoHinson enabled Limond to drop the leather right in the goal Mouth, but both Bartley and cox allowed a golden opportunity to pass, and the danger was easily averted. Interval : No score. Final S!alybridge 2, Earlestown 0.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
EXHAUSTED NERVES.

"T suffered for years from nervous exhaustion andit made my life a misery." This is how Mr. Alex. Dan- can, of Cothill Alves, by Forres, N. 8., began his letter on May 18th, 1902. Mr. Duncan is not the only one who has had to suffer from the daily torture of nerves,which leaves the brain exhausted, unlit for its daily duty, and racks the body with pain. Here are some of Mr. Duncan's symptoms. Sufferers will recognise them at'once. " I had pains in the small of ink back and also in my head, always felt tired, and had trembling in my limhs. I slept badly and had horrible dreams, and got up as tired as when I went to bed. My appetite was poor, and I was reduced to skeleton. I became very despondent, and I was afraid 'was never going to get back my health and strength." But there was no need for despondency. There is a cure for.everyone, and Mr. Duncan found it in Dodd's Kidney Pills. They cured him completely, and he writes to say, "I feel as bright and vigorous as I formerly felt depressed and unstrung." The experience of hun- dreds of other sufferers is the same—Dodd's Kidney Pills cure nervous exhaustion by strengthening and enriching a blood supply impoverished by weak kidneys. Dodd's Kidney Pills are 2s. 9d. per box, of all Chemists or post free on receipt of price from,The Dodds Medi- cine Co., 23, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C. Be sure of the name, D-o-d-d-'s.

Volunteer Long Service Medals. An Army Order, issued on Saturday contains the following local awards for the long service medal :- Ist V.B. South Lancashire Regiment.—Private W. Dodd and Corporal A. Hampson ; 2nd V.B. South Lancashire Regiment.—Private W. Thoruley ; 3rd V.ll. Cheshire ilegiment.—Private J. Broady, Colour- Sergeant J. Enlatn, and Serer,eant C. T, L'Ager. Death of g Well-Knowa Local Preacher.

A. well-known anid highly respected loyal iweacher passed away on Sunday morning in the p?rson of Mr. Edwin Brown, grocer, of Lymm. The deceased gentleman. who had lived at tymtn for a considerable number of years, was at one time a prominent member of the old Local Board. now the Crban District Coun- cil, of which body his son, Mr. Edwin Brown, .jun., is-now a member. Thu deceased gentleman was a very devoted Wesleyan, and his death will be especi- ally regretted amongst the members of the denomunt- tion. He was the oldest local' preacher in the circuit, and his name appears elt the head of the list of preachers in the current number of The Warring- ton Circuit Directory. The funeral took place at Lynun Churchyard on Wednesday attention. Funeral of Ex-Inspector James.

On Saturday afternoon the remains of the late Mr. William James, ex-chief inspector of the Warrin;rt..nt Police Force, were interrel at the Cemetery. The cortege left the residence of Mr. George Rigby, Pad- ,gate-lane, deceased's son-in-law, shortly before two oVock, and was headed by an escort of members of the Borough Police Force under the direction of Chief Inspector Phillias. The chief mourners were Mrs Rigby and Mrs. Peake (daughters), Mr. Rigby (son-ill- law), and the .Illisses Peake (grand-daughters). Th Rev. Canon Willis conducted the service. Dveased's remains were carried to their last resting-place by Inspectors Taylor and Rowbotham, Sergeants Cheney and Smith, and 3(.'s Hardy, Bruen, Corbett, and Baxendale. Several floral tributes were placed over the grave, including one in the form of a harp from deceased's former comrades in the force. A Warrington Wiredrawer's Death.

Mr. S, Brighouse, county coroner, conducted an in- ' quest at the Police Station on Wednesday, touching the death of Charles Thomas, aged 67 years, a wire- drawer who resided at 106, Bostock-street, and (lied on Sunday lost under singular circumstances—The evidence of Mr. William Charnock, foreman at While- cross works, showed tha) deceased was engaged in wire drawing at the works on December ,4th, when a slack wapp of wire came off the drum of the machinery and pinned the two centre lingers of his left hand to a plate stand. Thomas was taken to the Infirmary, where' his hand was dreised. Ife temained an out patient fulfil Christmas Day, when he went to the in- firmary and' oh the following day had one cf his filigers arliyanated. ArteT NI- a rils lie Was attemled by Dr. II raide..blit pleurisy set. iv, and death ensned on Sunday. The jnry returned a verdict of " Accidental death.".--.-.Maja itoe; faCfory inspector for the.distriet watched tIW ilOe dlngs om beirall of the. Home

===== 0002601_19030123_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. THE LEAGUE.---FIRST DIVISION.

BRIGHOUSE RANGERS v. SWINTON. A liberal coating of straw and the gentle influence of a steam roller, had rendered the Brighouse ground at Lane Head quite fit for play, and there was a good attendance to see how the local side would perform against the clever Swinton team. A bad error by Oakes, who kicked into the centre of the field instead of , touching down, gave a fine opportunity to Evans, who opened the scoring by kicking a goal. *Then a fine round of passing among the Swinton backs put Valentine in I possession, and clearing the opposition, he paved the way for a try by Lewis, Evans failing at goal. Brig- house were kept on the defence, and Williamson getting I hold from ascrimmage, tricked Bevan and ran over with the second try.. From Evans' kick the ball hit the post, and bounced back into the field of play. At half-time Swinton led by eight points to nil. Lewis Brooke was hurt and had to retire just before the interval, but in spite of his absence Brighouse kept their Iline intact for a long time after the change of ends, the three-quarters doing some effective tackling. Twice Hampson was almost in at the left corner after very fine sprints. At length Valentine • shook off the opposition and got over, and later,the Swinton captain scored again after clever fielding, Chorley landing a goal from the second try. The result was an easy victory for Swinton by 2 goals 4 tries (16 points), to Brighouse, nil. BROUGHTuN RANGERS v. OLDHAM Despite the cold weather there were 10,000 people at. Wheater's Field, Broughton, to witness the above match. Oram started for the Rangers, and Bent failing to re- turn, scrummaging took place in the visitors' territory. Play was eventually taken to the centre, following which, Cash from touch near the centre, put in a grand screw kick into touch in gaol in the Rangers' half. Here several scrummages were formed, and the ball ~being passed out by Sam Lees (jun.) to Tyson, the last- named dropped a goal. Following tricky work by Sam James, Wilson missed a long pass and a good oppor- tunity of scoring for the Rangers. Soon afterwards Oldham attacked, and from a lengthy throw by Brady, Spottiswoode gathered and ran in a fine try. S. Lees , (jun.) failed from the place. Score :—Oldham 1 goal ; and 1 try (5 points), Broughton Rangern nil. HULL v. HULL KINGSTQN ROVERS. Fully 10,000 spectators crowded the Craven-street ; enclosure to witness this battle between the rival clubs, ! and naturally, keen interest mingled with excitement was the predominating feeling among lovers of the ; game. Fortunately the ground, which had not been Icovered during the frost, was in first-rate condition. The result was--lull Kingston Rovers, 2 goals, 2 tries (10 points); Hull nil. BRADFORD v. BATLEY. Played at Park'Avenue. The ground had been well protected, and was in a fair condition, Bradford being rewarded by an attendance of some 8,009 spectators. , Winning the toss, Bradford took advantage of a slight , wind, and played away from the Park. If anything.the3,- had a slight advantage in the first half, though the for- ward play was poor. Ward, nearing h.:a-time, dropped a very smart goal. The teams crossed over with the score unaltered, and the opening stages were again in I favour ef Bradford. Thanks to a smart kick and follow up by Dunbavin, Heseltine was afforded a chance of picking up and running in a try, of which he promptly aVailed himself. He failed, however, at goal. From this point the Batley forwards took the command, Brad- ford being continuously pressed. With the game beneath the home posts, a smart movement amongst the visiting backs sent the ball out to Auty, who, having been left unwatched, was able to run in an easy try, from which Davies kicked a goal. Bradford now fell away, and towards the close Hodgson, by dropping a goal, won the match for Batley. Result :—Batley, 2 goals one try (7 ; Bradford, 1 gaal I try (5 points). ,

===== 0002601_19030123_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

CAAIDEN 'V nit I7:•LiNV IC c..--AII intereiting match took place last Friday evening at Camden School between the above teams. There was a large attendance of mem- bers and friends. At the commencement,Camden got a good lead. The visitors then won several games, making the score more equal. Towards the finish, however, Camden gained the upper hand, winning the match by 14 games to Brunswick 10. Mr. H. Grounds kindly officiated. Below are the results : CAMDEN. W INS. IMI7NSWICK. WINS. S. \\Tomtit 1 J. L. Norman 2 T. Hill ... 2 T. Norman L. WrtLon , 2 F. J. Hosker T. Leach G. Blythe 2 A Prince W. Blythe 2 E. Gerrard J. Basnett 1 W. Dumbille F. Ball

l'otztl

Total

The People's College Concert. Mr. Monks, .1.P., has addressed the following lettee to Mr. Edward Wallington, headmaster of People's College :—" Monks, Hail and ( 0., Ltd., Warrington, 19th January, 19)3. Dom- Mr. Wallingtou,--I ant advisefd that you have paid 3:12 to the account of the Nursing Association, and on behalf of the Committee I beg td thank you and the children who took part in the performadeci for their. kindly help. It is one of the pleasant things in connection with the association that it draws out a generous response to aid the sick front so many quarter's; and not the least. from your young children who nt:s feel t;k3 pleasure of having helped so good a

Major Stapleton Cotton goinStated. The King has affixed his signature to tli,.. papers with regard to the reinstatement of Major Stapleton Lynch C'otton, of Sergeant House, Leyheml,, who was to be reinstated in the Ist Battalion King's Li‘'erpuol Regiment, after being dismissed for the allegecl tFtirc, render of the gdrrisou of Helvetia in South Aftie.. Major Cotton has, therefore, been reinstated. Be Ica's born in 1860, and conies of a well-known military Cheshire family, who for many years have owned Comb rine re Abbey. General Sir Sydney John Cotton, was his grandfather.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
MAZAWATTEE

COCOA

aisists forrnstion of mu,ole and hardens it for action, and, therefore, is a drink pir excellence for the athlete, the sailor, the soldier, and of all who have fatigise to undergo. . . In strength Maze- wattee Cocoa far excels other ordinary Cocoas, and half the quantity is enough to make a cup. This statement may be relied upon, but the Lest proof is given by trying it.—GoHnox STABLES, M.D., R.N.,

===== 0002601_19030123_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRA.PU.S.

itt prettiest lining for a bonnet is a sweet &co.

" SEDGELEY'S cow broke into my lawn and ate offal! the grass." "What did he do?" "Sent me a bill for using his cow as a lawn mower." "A WOMAN noesn't always have the last word, does she ? " "Oh, no. Sometimes she is talking to ano her woman."

" ARE you in pain, my little man?" asked the kind old gentleman. "No," answered the boy; "the pain's in me." "DAD, will you buy me a watch?" "What for, my boy?" "Cause Freddy Jones has a dog I want, an' he says he'll change it for a watch."

"THE Chinese believe that they are the greatest people on earth, do they not ? " " Yes ! They are not s o very different from other folks, are they?"

``lfAs your daughter already accomplished something in music?" "Well, I don't want to be too confident, but two tenants have left already." " THERE is nothing more tantalising to a man than to go home with something in his mind he wants to scold about, and find visitors there, and be obliged to act agreeably. LADY : "Where is my trunk? " Porter: "I couldn't find any trunk, mum, but here is the handle with the label on." " WutLE I was abroad I witnessed a duel in France." "Anybody hurt?" " Yes ; one of the principals had a rib broken embracing each other after the combat was over."

JUDGE : "Prisoner at the bar, do you plead guilty or not guilty?" Irish Criminal : " How can I tell, yer Honour, till Oi've heard the evidence ?"

Mits. DINKS : "Isn't Colonel DeFite a very broad-minded man ? " Mrs. Links: "I suppose he must be; the jokes he gets off are always ex- tremely broad." LITTLE PAUL: "Papa, what is a bigot ?" Pro- fessor Broadhead: "A bigot, my son, is a person who is absolutely certain of something he knows nothing aboutk" jOIINS : "Do you think we could get Harrison to join the club? He's married, you know, and might not---" Wilkinson: " Yes ; but he's been mar- ried over a year."

: "I &an trace my ancestry back through nine generations." She; "And what else can you do?" Then he blinked, and looked at her as if he won- dered where he was.

THE LADY: "If my poor mother had only been alive I should have gone back to her long since." The Brute: "No one deplores your poor mother's untimely death more than I do, my dear."

BACON: "I suppose like most women, your wife wants the earth?" Egbert "Well, yes; but I have learnt that she doesn't want it on her best carpet." HE: "You don't mean to tell me you are going to marry that old bald-headed professor?" !She ." He is rather bald; but think how many young men of to-day are bald on the inside of their heads ! "

HUSBAND—" Dida't you tell that cook I wanted my brreakfast on the minute?" Wife—" I did." "And what did she say?" "She said that we all have our disappointments." "IT'S a mistake to go into the water after a hearty meal," cautioned the boarding-house pro- prietor. The guest's face fell. "Can't I get it there, either?" he asked, hoarsely. _ _

"How is your brother, Tonuily ?" "Sick in bed, miss ; he's hurt himself." How did he do that?" "We were playing at who can lean furthest out of the window, and he won."

SHE —I see they've invented another new labour- saving machine, that takes the place of a man. Ah ! they'll never invent anything clever enough to take woman's place in this world !

AFTER THE This diagram shows just where Slugger was hit." " Yes ? It might simplify matters to make a diagram showing where he wounct hit." IT GROWS MONOTONOITS.—Friend : "This free. and easy Bohemian style of living must be very pleasant." Artist : "ft is—when you are not com- pelled to live that way." FOND.—" The deg you sold me yesterday would have eaten my little girl up this morning if she had not been rescued." " But you insisted on having a /dog that was fond of children." . A SIGN.—He: "Ethel, what can it mean? Last night I dreamed that I proposed to you." She: " shLuld say that it meant that you were more sensible asleep than awake." "I TOLD her father I loved her so much that I would marry her even if she hadn't a penny." " And what did he say ?" "He said if I was such a fool as that he didn't want me for a son-in- law." _

KIND PEDESTRIAN: "Here's a shilling, my poor man. Instead of living this way, why don't you learn a trade?" Tramp: "I would, sir, if I knew of a better one than this." THE OLD STAGER.—" Young man, if you would be successful, you must do two things. First, get some enemies." The Aspirant—" And second:"" The old stager—" Second, irritate them so that they will make you prominent." "As I understand it, an X-ray will go right through a man's head. There is nothing else quite so penetrating, is there. "Oh, 1 don't know. Did you ever hear my daughter sing?" WILLIE (to hie father, who wants to go to the club after supper) : "Papa, if you will help me with my home lessons I'll tell you something." Father: " H'm, and what is it you will tell me ?" Willie: "I'll tell you. where mamma hid your boots." "Do you think the Shakespearean drama can be successfully revived?" "Revived," repeated the man of acid disposition, "It doesn't need reviv- ing. What you want to do is to wake up a few actors who have the ability to play it." ANXIOUS Mamma: "Little Dick is upstairs cry- ing with the. toothache." Practical Papa: "Like him round to the dentist's." "I haven't any money." "The toothache will f3top before you get thr..re." A RecIPROCATED SENTIMENT. —Farmer Giles (a parting admonition after a prolonged and pain- ful castigation)—" Now, I 'ope I won't ketch you 'ere again, you young warriint." "I 'ope yer won't gov'nor." Ruour.—Mabel "Oh, George, why do they all jump on that poor fellow ?7/ George : " Don't you see. He's pt the ball." Mabel: "Oh, I see. They have iiet it back so that they can go on t!!? game. °How mean of him to try to 11. I" " WitAfs the rhatter now ?" asked the hard up landlord. " Don't you see, the plaster's all fallen oil the coiling?" said the tenant. " Well, now I lope you're s Ltisficd. The first thing you did atter moving in was to complaia aixout the ceilings being SO kw." " E•rnm.," sada a lervtiliti to one of his parishioners whom he saw with her hair curling. pins, " if Nature had assigned your hair to curl; it would have cartel it for you." "It did, sir, When I was a child," was the reply ; "but I suppo4e tt thinks now that I am old enough to do it myself." SMITH, Jux.—" I attended a chattery the other day." Uncle—" A chattery ? What on W,rth is a clia,ttery ? " Smith, jun.—" Oh, it's what some call a conversazione, but I don't believe in using French words when English will answer the purpose." LITTLE THOMS (who had been nearly drowned)— "It was simply marvellous ! As I sank for the third time all the incidents of my past life came vividly before me." " Dobbs (brutally)—"l say, old chap, did you remember that liver I lent you last year?" Times So.—The master wrote the following sentence on the blackboard as an exercise to be parsed " Who steals my purse steals trash." A boy held up his hand, and was asked what was the natter. "Please, sir," he said, "it's wrong. It should be cash."

===== 0002601_19030123_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
-L, I Reward.

We have sent the grocers a book, "New Way to Keep Shop." One thing we're sure of: there's nothing old in it.

We'll pay ‘i reward for finding anything wrong in it—not in our English—We're professors of soap, not of English.

Was there ever before a new book with nothing wrong in it! Chance to earn 4.47 FELS•INAPTIIA 39 Wilson Street London EC

===== 0002601_19030123_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
U. te . t.• 1... • it,. J i h: 1

Pimples; Blackheads, eci , Rough, Oily Skin Prevented by

• 0 et;

). In,. .40 zfr> *e. -,..,:-• sz. ..- --2_,-.7 ---,_ • ..,‘...... (........ • ,•••••••., ... • cs, •• 44=b •:, • • 0 A 1,, ..... CLITIOURA SOAP. , • E r'

• . I, •

===== 0002601_19030123_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
'4 .„‹. • hof, +0 -&,•• •••• I•..00' '•1-.,... ..A., a I t si'' r"i' • -, • • . • ~.. & 4. ._ • . , . • A 1 R. 4 ' " • W.:*

lin.moNs or PEOPLE USE CUTICUB.A, SOAP, assisted by CUTICURA. OINTMENT, for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, miles, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and so,,thinff red, rough, and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings, and chafings, and. for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Millions of Women use CtrrictruA. SOAP in the form of baths for annoying irritations, inflammations, and excori- ati ons, or too free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes for ulcerativeweak— liesses, and for many sanative purposes.

Complete Treatment for Humours,' Consisting of Cum:URA SOAP(18.1, to cleanse tit skin of crusts and scales, and soften the Mickened cuticle,* CUTICITRA OINTMENT (is. 3d.), to instantly allay itching, inflaintna- tio :I, aad Irritation, and soothe and heal; and OtITICIFIt A RESOLVENT PILLS (is. 154.), to cool ;rid ti ,anse the blood. A SING;A: SET stfin suilicient to cure the reverest case. CrrrarEA REsoEvErr PzELs (Chocolate art a new, tasteless, odourless, eco- Lo:o:c:.1 substitute for the celebrated liquid C uTictle..t it ilsor, vz.NT, GO doses, price, is. 1544. s‘,l -f,i-Annt the world. The SET, 4s. Sd.. postpaid, t; wericr & Sons, Itritish Depot. 27-28, Charter— ) .Sq . I.ndon. Fren,h Depot:- T, Rue de Is Paix PH .6'. r17.1.!•t DittoA:flo CUES:. COUP., Sole Props: I'.

1

p

The Wesley Guild.---A United Rally. sunday and Monday, the members of the Bold- street Wesley Guild held their annual festival, and. additionid in crest was lent to the event by the visit of the Rev. W. B. Fitz-Gerald, the Connexional Guild secretary. The services on Sunday were a great success and on Monday evening a" united rally " was held. To this meeting, Miss Prince had issued invi- tations on behalf of the Bold-street Guild to neig;ic bwring branches of the Guild and aho lo several- Chrit,tian Endeavour societies. Representatives were present from Bewsey-road, Padgate, Latchford, Lymm, Halton, and Widnes Guilds. the Ragged School Christian Endeavour, and the Working lien's Mission (Bank Quay) Christian Endeavour. Mr J. G. Withmhaw, of renketh, i!resided, and WAR supported by the Circuit ministerg and the Rev. W. B. Fitz-(erald (the Connexional GO) secretary), and 11r. Littler and Miss Prin.- The Chairman said there was no doubt the Wesley ()Oct outcemG Of a movement in Methodism to reCOAll;se tilt: young people and to induce them to work for the Church. lie remPapologies for absence frf in the Legh-strcet scciety and from the Rev. J. F. Matthews (Latchford ( liristian Endeavour). Miss Prince read the report of the 13°1d-street Guild, which shovted that there was a total of .78 inembers, com- prising 40 active members, 28 companion members, and JO associate members. There was a balance due to the treasurer f 2s. 2(1., which was accounted. for by the necessary outlay in connection with their open-air meetings. That amount was only small compared with tLe amount of stock in possession of the guild, but they hoped to clear the debt off at that meeting. (Applause.) Interesting addresses on g,uild. work were delivered by lin Littler and the Rev. W. B. Fitz-Gerald.--The Rev. G. H. Carnson called the roll of the local branches which was responded to.— The meeting was also briefly addressed by the Rev. R. Wilkins Rees.---An ackno.wledgment of the Chan.. man's and the Rev. W. B. Fitz-Gerald's services wag made on the proposition of the Rev. W. C. J. Neville, seconded_by Mr. Sherburne.

The manager of the Casino Theatre, Brest, having announced that, despite the authoritiet,, he will stage ii piece founded on the Humbert affair, the officer com- mandinp• the garrison there has been instructed to sur- round the theatre with troops, so that no one will be able to enter.

A double execution took place at Dawson City, Klondike, on Tuesday. The men were named Fournier and Label!, and were convicted of a triple murder on the Steward River last June.

UNDER A TnArrioN ENGINE.—Walter Cunningham, 36, Kelsall, near Chester, was walking in advance of a traction engine near Delamere Station, on Wednesday, when by some unexplained means he was knocked down. The traction engine wheels passed over him, mangling his body and killing him almost immediately. TOBEIt MUNI' CENTENARIAN DEAD.—The death has occurred at the Baptist Manse, Tobermory, of Miss Mary M`Rinnon, at the advanced age of 102. She was born in the parish of Mull, in which she died. Until recently her faculties remained clear and unclouded, and she could recount with much vividness the many changes she had seen in the Highlands during her long life. She often spoke of the time when her brother was captured in the press gang days. That happened in 1815.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19030123_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=WM

===== 0002601_19030123_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
.''.''-'.,....'...,':i.::-.-. .:.. ~.:".'-,',_.''':'.'',;',',:..'.--;:1.:.,•,1.:......:.'.:..

ate ";airliner eeries

TIR .. WARRINGTON AND MID-CHIcBHDIN RlA.stirrEn." published every daturde.— morning.

" EARLICSTOWN AND NRWTON EXA.MINISR, T published every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon.

TUE " RuNconiv EXAMINER," pabliehed every 1. Friday afternoon.

rrn E " !WARS EXAMII TR," pabliehed every A_ Friday afternoon.

PR EP AID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED Hous ES WANT ED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD AR r ICLE9 LOST MtSCELt.ANEoTSS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES Three Six Weeks. Weeks. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... is led. ... 3s. Od, ... 23. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 3s. ld. 6s. Od. ... 3s. 84... 6s, Od.

One

Words. Week. 18 27 36 45 64

Bontestir Otrhants,etr

IvANTED good GENERAL SERVANT.—AppIy MERRI- DALE FARM. Bursdough, Ormskirk.

WANTED GBDTBRAL (useful); wages £l6 ; no washing. iIV Mrs. StrrcrAFFF.,Wyntborps,Worelev,near Manchester

A GOOD PL&IN 00,1 K Required in small tamily.—Mrs ft. HOLDWORTH, Greystone, Holme. near Carnforth.

WANTRD, a good honest GIRL as Domestic Servant.— Apply Mrs BENTLEY, Jolly Corn Mills, Worthington Rem. Wigan.

,G ei to. awnucl WANGT:I3D Ci'3O:RKNEIE ' rAMTEARLI:OONGZEeMiTdRiY Manchester. 'I‘ArANTRD t11314-BRAL SHRVANT ; small bows° ; home V comforts —Write giving full particulars, INGER, 3, Sunnyside, Dlsley.

'W *LITHO a tiOUNTItY GM'. 16 to 1. to egoistn, t general honsework,fond of children.-404, RDGESIDE, Newchurell, linesendale.

WANTRD, Good G1157)34&LS 18 to 25; references.— 14.ULME'S SERVANTS REGISTRY, 148, Lytham-road, South Shore, Blackpool.

Nv&DITTCD. an 1:3X?BilIHNC140 GIiNBRA.L. one that can do plain cooking.—dpply BLAOKBURNE Mom Market-place. Warrington.

WANTED. PL&IN COOK or good Caok-General. House- maid kept: wages ED to £22.—Apply MRS. DRLICE, Kilmorey, Broeklands, Cheshire.

ANTR D GENERAL SERVANT for Farm House, able to wash end Iran. Goad wages given.—Apply Mrs. BOECOE, Kirkly Mill, Kirkly, near Liverpool.

WANTBD. a thoroughly Experieneed GENRI24.I. SERVANT ; good w.ges ; no washing.—Apply by letter. Mrs. 3 LArcor...x, Mabs Cross. Wigan.

WANTHD, st once. Cook-Generals, Geperais and Girls; situations waiting ; good wages ; stamp reply.— kiItATHCOTE'S RFOIsTRY, W hetley-lane, Bradford.

- -- -- WARVID GENERAL, quiet, respectable, about 18, to assist in duties; gcod home ;references ; fond of chil- dren ; £l3.—CocrPs,s, Surlington-3trett, Bkekburn.

4LL CIA-88119 OF SERVANT ready from eluntry or town,pnblie and priva`e.—Call or write MISS HARRISON'S (only oilice)6. Oldham-0., Manchester. Natal:). 1852

10XPERIENCBD Male and Female NITILSBS at a moment's notice for all 138.1183.—apply NITIRSES INSTITIT- Tim', 70, t4opc-stre.t, Liverpool. Telephorae 570. Telegraphic Address" Nurses."

WVANTHD GOOD PLAIN COOK. also good siouseentid• Waitress early in February. Goo.i wages.—Apoly statinz age and full particulars to Mrs. ANDERSON. WWI lands. Alidorley Edge.

A LL CLASSES OF SITUATIONS, prit4te and public, Z.l good homes, excellent wLges : places In town, country and seaside.-1,1 rite to HARRISON'S, OLDEST lESTABLISHF-D BEGISTRY 6. Oldham-st Manchester.

CIOOK6 WANTHD £23 to £24, Housemaid Waitresses N-) £lB to £22, Geyer*ls £lB to £2O, Girls £l4. excellent pieces. No connection with eny other offize.—Write to HAMMON'S. 6, Oldham et., Manchester.

MRS. OCARRWS RROIISaRY, STOOKPORT.:-WANTS COOK. GRNI4RALS. HOUSRMAIni. Generals for ;Albite, Generals for small families, no wasbing; Taxi:sari eneed Upper Housemaid, £26. at liberty, Honsernalel, £2O.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
3,10t1t5, Bunns.ses„, eft.

A T VALITATTOV.—GOOD 007dPkNY HOUSR. 8. 11 VANCE-RoAD, Bl4ckpqnt. W&1 littei Fra,d working •nrfier : 19 beds : 1 minute's walk from Central Station ant pea , 18 years connection ; retiring •

A N J)ItAt'IY BiT6LNK-i3 —A f'. onoortunity for an energetic 'nn.—To be sold In one of the best lea,lin thoroughfares in the north enri, an old—established General Drapery Business cornman6ing -corner premises. eleetric light throughout ; an annual turn- over of from £1,500 to ELKO ; lease of five yeara to run at a rental of £6O ; present owner going abroad.—For further- particulars address 11 51, MEfICURY OvvtcP., Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Mantel.

TO PHOPlitlItYl4ll:73 wanting to retail 111ACKINTO3H'i TOFFFSH.—This TOFFRH is la,rgely advertised and the demand is growing and increasing. If you have difficulty in getting supplies. write direelt to our Tuanufactory and we will :nake.the necussary arrangements with the Wholesalers in your district for a regular supply. If you wish to do mere trade, don't neglect to storm this line—it will give satisfac- tion to 1-our customers and bring them egain.—Address, JoHN odACKINTOSEI, Ltd., Toffee Mills, Halifax, York

DRFISTON.—St. Mary's Infants.—A.SSI3TANT MI S- TRRSS (Art. 50) ; £5).-1 ply VICAR.

Q r&fdP Coll-eilons wantld.hLzh't price+ paid ;liss free. ttoGERe, 100, Longley-rosd, Toltinq, Lonion.

VVANTBI), BABY GIRL ; good home ; terms od,rate. —Address Mrs. RID3W4Y, 35, Lawton-street, Crewe.

WRITERS Wanted; oopydnq work; 15s and ntswar3 carned in spare time.—Starnpel aidress to WirLDON 1. Fleet-street, Hull.

F3REIGN STAMPL—SmsIi collections or loos« stsmps _ svant.d, good condition, splendid price given. —FRED Hitt, Wqrbreek-roid. AintrPo.

QANITARY INS!' 'ICI- 0R S. —lf you aesire an appointment k 1 as above, ren4 6 Stlmpe for arivice to J. E. 'WHITEHEAD. Sanitary exn.rt, North•street, Chichester.

ARRIRD COUPIA, respeltahle, no family, would like to adopt infant (en.irelv as own).—Mrs. SoLAsi. 75. Wa,v:ick-street, H ithne, Mancheater.

WAR 11.11M4.r,i w,intei. dated 1848, V pzivP,4 ; alset IT Arctic Red River,l irket. Atbara,Matebele, Alathena, Fenian Raid. &c.—Major TOM, D rnitwich,

10/TANI:En AN HT,TRIF/ETIO MAN. ns ASSURANCE COLLECTOR. £l. salary and commisaion.-4pply 3 HATO ENT ARK F.T CsAmrszlis, lVarringtoo, 13 CAIN, 'Superintendent.

910 TWSI7IIANO AGENTS etc.. in Warrington and other J. Cheshire Town!. Superintendents Wanted. Good }Mary and commissi(m. Security requirei.—" ARTISANS 3, Sibell-street, Chester

QT. JAMET SCHOOL (Mixed). LkTCHFORD. WAR- -1.1", lITNGTON.—Wented, Assistint Mistress (Art 50), fnr part. of Standarn 11. ; Drawing or Needlework essential; good salary to eompetent teacher —Apply HEAT, MASTER.

QANITAVY Inspector's Fixaminatione.—Thornugh training 1,7 for above by an kssociate 31 the Sanitary Institute. No buoi.s required. Corresnondence, *riecess guaranteed. Write particniars and testtmonial3 12, Hilda-place Snit burn-by-4.1.

CIULLY TR4INI4D HOSPITAL Nunsus available at any time, dav nr night. for medical. surgical, mental,fever, ecconchment. and massage capes.—Apply MaraoN, Insti- lute for trained nurses, Wigan.—Telegraphic address " NURSES " Wigan,

eitiutatton.

UPHOLLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL. BOARDING CZ k 1 EBDOOO ' the only certain cure known for lleze rna SCHOOL FOR SO XS. Fifteen miles from Liverpool. REv. D S RENNARD. B.A. 1$ ltd.—Thum:, Chemist, Aebbourne-road. Derby,

iftiatlfaitottg, en trr. -..olisreilanotts, ttr. NI3WTON-LIA - WILLOWS.-KIRKPIRLU BOARDING - •and DAY SOHOOL for Girls. Prospectus on sciatica- 1)11OCKIIT Rubber Stamp, any name,ls. Monngram Stamps, tion to principals. LYNDECUR.T-ROLD. Ramsgate. •

===== 0002601_19030123_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
re he kn.

MARKFT-STREET, geocl SHOP with HonseEso. PRllKETH.—enttaft.s 4s Od.. 36. 94. and ::s. Bd. per week BANK STREET oPPICE. £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET Apply ?Comer LowE. Estate Agent. No. 1 Hank-strog War' ••Ington. Telephone—No 55. TO BR LET OR SOLD —PIiNKETH.near WARRINGTON' —The o:d Penketh CABINET WORKS, with sheds and other hnildinzs, *liftable for manufantoring purposes.—Apnly Mr. HOBERT Lowe, 1, Bank-stre.t, Warrington.

fro LET.—GOOD VILLA with 4 Hedroomcroorny and con renient.—Apply Thomas Harding. Ortord-rod, Pad- gate-lane. Warrington.

Tr) T,RT 4:300D HOUSE. (3 bedroom.) off )314W9RY- I ROAD. rent 4s 61.—Apnlv WOODII AND SON, Solicitors Horsemarket-street. Warrington.

Ik.TIOTORTit BUILDINGS, HIGH-STRVET. RUNCORN.— V First dom. offices, large lofty rooms ; advantageous pool- tion.—LE &cif, 44. High-street, Run Clem.

VI RRSRY CHAMBRR9, 60. HIGH-STR RAT. RUNCORN. 1..11. Large office on first floor, f,etng street, immediate possession ; moderate rent.—LEami. 44. High-at , Runcorn. 71 BRirOGR-STRRRT, RUNCORN.- TO BR LW'', SHOP 1. and large roomy house, good business locality, oppo- site Market-plaae. rent mociera`e ; immediate possession.— Le:acH, BSTATZ Aaiun, 44, Higb-street, Runcorn.

MO LET. SITABLE and COACHHOUSH. will, lofts ove large vardfattarbed off Tanners Lane.—Appsy WOODS & SOS Solicitors. 65. Horseasarketatree Warrington.

HHATON MOOR. HRATON CHAP 1114.—Dry conttortable, house, dining, drawing, 4 bed, bath. w.e.. cellar. large kitchen, Venetians, gas fixings. large garden. £23 : ^n e 5.24 in Hawthorn Grove, No. 20.—Apply MRS BX/TB. Mai,- oak Villa, 93, Ileaon Moor-road, atockport.

'bares.

31.1orgeg, garriageo, Übe *tad, &r

731 BUTTER MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

A FEW DOORS PAST "THE WAGGON AND HORSES INN." THIS NSTABLISHMRNT Is Or RN EACH MORNING BBFORN 6 o'cLucx FOR THIS BAIII OF ALL LIVRRPOOL, MANOHRSTRK AND BIRMINGH DAILY PAPNIRS, SPORTING CHRONICLKS, ALL OEHRGI NNWSPAPRH PRRIODJOALS. MAGAZINNS ON SALN. The Gentry living in the Warrington Country Posh District cln be supplied by the first early lint with any n the above Newspapers by sending their orders to the above address. THE BUSINESS IS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF

JOHN ALLEN,

LATH OF CHADWICK'S. SCOTLAND-ROAD.

- - - - -- ouUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- ) NOTIOB IS 11BRBBY GIVBN THAT— I. The Tqwn Council of the Borough of Warrington have (subjeß to the aporov4lof the Local Government Board) ma4e certain Byelaws for securing the cleanliness and freedom from pollution of tusks, cisterns, an,l othe receptacles used for storing water, usmd or likely to b used by man for drinking or domestic purposes, or fo•

mannfacturing drink for the use of man. 2. A printed copy of the proposed Byelaws will continue deposited for inspection by any ratepayer. at the office of the Town Clerk, at the Town Hail, Warrington. for

one etlerniar month from and after the date of the first nnblication of this rotice. 3. At the expiration of the said month the said proposed Byelaw' will be submitted to the Local Government Board fir approval and confirmation. 4. The Town Clerk will supply a printed copy of the said mamma/ Byelaws or part thereof.on application. Dated the 9th da) of January. 1933. J. LYON WHITTLIL Town Clerk.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

SANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rata anawera "After on. dressinat I found 136 dead neat morn- ing."—J. I3Ltae. Helstborpe. Leighton. "I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."—C. Coox, Farmer. Xilesmere. "I destroyed 145 rats with It."-0. WILSON, Offord.—Send is 2d to DANFORD A SONS, Sandy St,Beds. Sold by Chemists.

FOR FANCY ARTICLES

of personal luxury, such as Perfumes and Toilet Articles, which form the most useful and inexpensive kind of attractive Christmas Presents, sours ara npw the largest buyers. and the Immense quantity we buy enables us to purchase so cheaply that we are able to give customers suPh a benefit. of low prices as cannot be afforded by any other firm,

PERFUMES

Make very acceptable presents for young or old.

- Good quality, 6d. size 41d. ; Is. size efti. ; 22. bd. size is. 9d. Violette de Panne • White Rose Jokey Club I per I, "e, Carnation is Sd. Sweet Pea Is. Bd. Heliotrope 2s. Ocl, Lilac 26. 84. wal flower 36. 64. Lily of the Valley 6s. 9d. btephanotis

Cut glass bottles filled. from 23. 6.1. to 10s. tid.

A FINE SELECTION OF BEAUTIFUL CASKETS, containing one. two, or thr, o bottles or the above odours, from 1.. 6d. to 8,1. 11(1.

AEU DR ‘.3OLOGINE Jersey. Oastle-Brand, 2s. 6d. bottle 6d. ;4e. bottle 2s. lod.

Silver Cologne, Is. bottle for 70.; 2s 641. for le. 2d. __

nolden Cologne, le. kottle for 811 ; 29.6 d. for 18. 4.

Toilet Bottle's from is. 6d.

To I LET ARTICLES

are always useful, but many that we sell are ornamental also. A ghtnee at this short list will show you some of the nice things we keep in this line. Hair krushes from ls. Dressing Combs from 40.

Nand 14.1—irror5 from 6cl

Nail Brushes. Puff Boxes.

Tooth brushes. Pocket Combs. Tooth Powder Boxes.

Scent Sprays, splendid assortnunt. Fringe Nets Bubb er epones Smelling and Toilet Bottles.

TOILET SOAPS

IN GRRAT V&RIETY. Honey Curd, Ride: Flower, Brown wiudeor, 2d. per tablet ; 8 tablets for Is.

Glycerine and Cucurnbar. White llose and Glycerine, Coal Tar. 2i-d. per tablet ; 5 tablets for Is , Castile Soap. 30. per tablet. A specially choice variety of milled superfine soaps suitable for the most delicate skins as follows:

vioi.tte de Parme, usual bd. tablet for 3d.; is. 6d. box (3 tablet, 10d Grey Oatmeal, usual 6d, tablet for 3id• ; Is. 6d. box (3 tablets) 104, Marshmallow gaud Glycerine, 64. tablet tor 3?id,; Is, 64. box (3 tablets) led. _ _ .

&oia Cream and Honey, 6d. table 3jld. ; Is. 6d. box 10d. Honeysuckle and Be, *: choice Soap aclic:te:y perfumect, usitatly sold at about 10d. per tablet; our price 40. e ean reoommmend this particiflarn line of Choice Boaps with all cobtid- nce.

r WIDOW WIILCH'S PILLS FOR FHINALEI CO t •. T ki BS. SMITHERS. Grand-daughter to the Widow /31. Welch, continues to preoare this celebrated Medicine corn the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained 3r it ft most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION•—To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs Smithers, who is the only person in posseseon of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuineare wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the o.ttri4 label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the mole Wholesale Agents," W. EDWARDS & Sox 7. Queen Victoria.stavet." formerly of 67, St. Paul's London, are engraved on the Government Stamp. limpl boxes at 2s 9d each 1.7 most Chemists.

Entlasslfirti

‘VANTBD a General SliliVAlNT.—Apply, 1, PAL3f YRL- 9. qua nx Warrington.

WANTED GOOD GENERAL; references.—GlLMOUß, 451, Stockport road. Longsight, Manchester.

WANTRIJ. Mn. FLTZBROW Shirley. Ashton Drive. Hunt's Cross, Liverpool.

WANTIsD 000 K MINIMAL. 30 to 40; two in fßmily. Write 8., 19, Stockpert-roncl, Ashtou-under-Lyne.

ANTRD GIRL to help in housework. Two other maids kept.—Apply Mrs tionoKissoN,Cale Green.Stook port.

f4in GOLD-1113%E Visiting Cards in neat pocket case, OV Ic—CLARK, Printer. Long Baton.

DR. J. COLLtS BROWNIES CHLORODYNR.

TRH GRlGlNACktiiithiif-GENUINB. CIILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession te be the most wonderful and valuable remely ever die onvered.

rIEILORODYNE is tbe best remedy known for k Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis and A.othma. ptILORODYNB effectually checks and arrests kJ those too often (*tat diseases—Diphtherus, Foyer, Oroup, Ague.

riaLlja °DYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea k„,/ and Is the only specific In Choleraand Dysentsry. CLORODYN effectually cuts short all attacks 6 of Epilepsy. Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. lIILORODYNIt, is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, &c.

From Dr. B. J. Bouvrorr AND Co., Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Ohlorodyne in onr practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses , this great advantage over all other sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects.

"Berl ltussell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's :Jonsul at Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging feartully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was 01-11.04,10- DYNR."—See Lancet, Ist December. 1864.

CAUIION.-BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS.

—C.trrtox.—Viee-Oheneellor Slr W. PA.hec Woon stated that Dr. J. Comm BROWIVIC wee, anloubtedly, the inventor f OHLORODYNS " wta that the story of the def endant REEMLN. was deliberately untrue. which he revett ed ta y had been moot to. —See !irwt, 13th July, 1334. Sold In battles at Is. as. 9).., an 1 41. 61. None Is twine without the wards "Od.. COULIS B 110 di' NH'S LfOHODYNIC "on the Orman:Li:neat Stamp. Overwhelm Medial testimony tooompanins eon bottle

PAPER RULED TO ANY PATTERN BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON.

THURSDAY was the second THE KING AND ahniversary of the day on THE COUNTRY. which King EDWARD VII.

succeeded to the throne. The longest reign in our history came to a quiet close on January 22nd, 1901. We were in the midst •of a war which had occasioned the very gravest disquietude to the aged Queen VICTORIA. "Give peace in our time, 0 Lord," is a supplication that was never offered with more sincerity than by the great and kindly SOVEREIGN who passed away two years ago. The greatness of disposition and the largeness of heart which beheld war as an event to be detested and mourned over, whatever might be its cause, and however just its occasion, were inherited, as was soon to appear, by Queen VICTORIA'S successor. Englishmen always view with jealousy any interference of the Crown with Ministerial functions and duties; but there was a throb of satisfaction throughout the nation at large,when it was rumoured that the KING was personally endeavouring to forward the cause of peacc4 ; and at length, when th 3 war actually came to a conclusion, there was everywhere a delighted conviction that it was the SOVEREIGN, and not the Ministers, who had suggested the terms on which it might be possible to bring the long- drawn-out conflict to an end.

King EDWARD was unusually happy in the cir- cumstances of his accession, for he succeeded to the affections of the people. We recall those days when gib late Mr. BRADLAUGH was lecturing throughout the country on the House of Han- over. There was then, a serious possibility of an anti-monarchial movement. There was an actual Republican party in the country, not merely a stray Republican here and there. Why, even Mr. CHAMBERLAIN was a Republican, and in that char- acter he had endeavoured to enter Parliament as member for Sheffield. There were men in Parlia- ment who described their position in a softened form of language as that of "Republicans in theory." Sir CHARLES DILKE stirred the whole country by his Newcastle speech on the costliness of monarchy. The temper of the public mind has

-

===== 0002601_19030123_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOTS

BUSINESS

GROWS

GROWS

===== 0002601_19030123_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
BECAUSE

CUSTOMERS

CONSTANTLY

REALIZ ING

Si'ORTII

GOODS

BENEFIT

PRICES.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
r_i‘g&

-wholly changed since then. We do not now rake up the history of the House of Hanover. We do

not work out sums bearing upon the cost of the 'Crown. The nation is contentedly loyal; and it is to be noted in especial that there has been no per- ceptible change in the attitude of the people towards the throne in the two years that have ,passed since the change in the occupants of that lofty seat. What the late Queen was to her sub- jects Edward VII. has become to his. There is 'nowhere any whisper of disaffection. On the con. trary, there has been an extraordinary display of national loyalty and affection in connection With an illness which, but for exceptional medical and surgical skill, might again have left the throne vacant before the new KING had been 'crowned in the ancient and kingly way. EDWARD VII. succeeded to his place in the world's hierarchy when he had become ripe in yearf; and experience. His character and his qualities were 'known. Tact, a fine and noble courtesy, a quiet dignity of manner, an Imostentatious consciousness of the high place he fills, an abo•inding kindliness of nature, and a constant considerateness for all classes of his subjects, are the distinctive traits of King EDWARD VII. The people recognise and rejoice at this choice mingling of admirable 'characteristics. The Sovereignty is not felt as a weight in this country, but cheerfully sustained as an object of pride and national gratification. , _

" No, sir," says Mr. DOOLEY in his latest book; "I don't want to be a ICING, an' whiniver I see a good fellow takin' th' job I feel sorry f'r him." There is more than a jest in the observation. It may not be too frequently true in these days that "uneasy lies the head thai. wears a crown" ; but the price that has to be paid personally by the SOVEREIGN for the privilege of exercising Sovereignty is, even in a quiet and loyal country like our own, very considerable. The burden of public affairs is left at Windsor or at Buckingham Palace as well as in Downing-street. The ICirto, who likes pleasure, never skirks work. The assi- duity which distinguished him when he was PRINCE OF WALES, and which enabled him to re- lieve the late QUEEN on so many occasions of functions which would have been unduly harden_ some .to her sex and her years, :has become still more a characteristic since he came tu the throne. He has obviously determined to be no roi faineant. He has exhibited a constant and keen interest in events and in the welfare of his people. He is not merely the chief of a society, but a leader in social movements. So far as we know him, indeed .he is the ideal head of a State, and on the second anniversary of his accession we shall only be ex_ pressing a general sentiment when we say, in time-honoured words," Long may he reign !"

THE future of South THE SOUTH AFRI- Africa depends almost CAN LABOUR wholly on some reason- PROBLEM. able settlement of the labour. The Rand million- . Aires believed that the labour question would be 4settled by the war. They maintained that the Boer Government stood between them and the opportunity of getting more work out of the black man for a smaller payment in money. It has been shown in printed documents, and in speeches made to company meetings in the City 'al London, that the goldmines would yield an xtett £2,000,000 of profit annually as soon,as the native labourer could be more stringently dealt With. Ti‘is view of the facts has b4en held no to ,ridicule by the course of events. The Rand capi- talists proceeded to reduce the price of black labolr in the mines immediately after • the war. The customary rate of payment had been £3 to £3 10s. per month. A monthly wage of 30s. was agreed upon as sufficient for -the mines to pay for Kaffir labour.. The mine- owners assumed that they could fix wages without the assent of the workmen. This wculd seem ae 'odd conclusion for men of busineseto arrive at ; but the truth is that these wealthy men were not troubling themselves with economic considera- tions; they were looking for the Government to do something to drive the Kaffir into the mines. If h's huts could be taxed in such a wty that he would be made to feel the burden, if his wives .could all be taxed, the tax growing heavier as -they became more numerous, then something might be done for European views of morality and for the owners of the mines at the same time. •Plurality of wives might become less cornmon,anti the Kaffir would go to the mines for the purpose 'of at least earning as much money as would pay ibis taxation. But notwithstanding its faults and failings in other directions, the Government has :not as yet 'consented to become a recruiting agency for pro- vidiog black labour for the Rand millionaires. Even. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN has gone no turther than the declaration that unless the black race is settled dii regular industry it will become a difficulty. Under these circumstances it is found necessary 'to abandon the idea that another couple of millions ,a year could be drawn out of the mines by making the Kaffir work bard for the barest means of sub- .aistence. The keeping down of wages to the level of 30s. a month has been abandoned as an impracticable idea, and the rates of pay- ment have now gone up to the old level, without, however, producing the expected result, and bringing the black labourers , back to the mines. About half as many Kaffir labourers are now working in the Rand district as were at work there before the war. And it seems ;for the present as if no more were to be obtained %There are 10,000,000 blacks in our South African 'Colonies, but those who can be induced to work for wages only amount to 5,000 or so. The supply is Wholly inadequate to the needs of the case, and hence the mine-owners are turning their eyes else- where,first to Uganda,and then to the teeming and overflowing millions of China. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN has' performed an essential service in South Africa 'first by discouraging the idea that the people at home will look with Satisfaction on a large itn.: Portation of Chinamen into South Africa, and then by reminding the Rand millionaires that a people which has made such sacrifices as we have done for the purpose of extinguishing slavery is not likely to tolerate the establishment of slavery in another form because the owners of South African goldmines will not pay the white man a sufficient wage and cannot induce the black man to labour underground. No large step will be made towards the settlement of the South African

labour question until the Rand capitalists are • clearly given_to understand that they must base their expectations of profit-earning on the usual 2ornmercia 1 grounds, and that the Imperial Government doee not exist for the pirpost, of increasing their dividends by applying compulsion to their workmen, black or white or yellow. Row is it that we hear of half-a-crown a" day a

the highest possible wages for other than skilled labour on the Rand? Half-a-crown a day may be

taken as the lowest wage paid for labour in our own country, where the means of subsistence are almost immeasurably less costly. Much more than that would seem to be the natural wage of even the meanest labourer on a rich goldfield like the Rand. Whilst the labour question is to the front, however, it is alleged that the Rand is not a rich goldfield. The Transvaal mines are low- grade mines, we are assured. Their working cost must be kept at a low rate. Many of then must be closed if it becomes necessary to replace black labour by white, or if yellow labour is to be kept out, or if some compulsion cannot be used towards the blacks. This would be all true; but it -would seem more credible if the great houses in Park-lane were not passing out of the hands of the English aristocracy into those of the Rand millionaires. Reducing profits does not seem to hive been thought of as one of the pos- sible modes of dealing with the labour question. It is worth consider*, however. If South Africa is to become a possession on which we can pride ourselves as an important and prosperous portion , of a great Empire, the success of its industries must not depend on the oppression of the black, but on the continually increasing utilisation of the white man.

We hope our Conservative friends will bear in mind the criticisms of Mr. Winston Churchill, M.P., on the Government's scheme of Army Re- form. They are apt to sneer at and discount the criticism of political opponents, who seldom, how- ever, hit so hard and so savagely as has the junior Tory member for Oldham. Bo pummelled Mr. Brodrick's pot theories into an even more shape- less mass than they were originally and if the supporters of the Government can stand home truths and cold facts when presented by one of themselves they should profit by Mr. Churchills' tirade to an appreciable extent. "After two years , have gone by "says Mr. Churchill, "I have no hesitation in saying that Mr. Brodrick's scheme of I 1901 is a total, costly, ghastly, failure." This will not make pleasant reading for our honeymooning War Minister ! Then the merciless critic went on to talk about our skeleton army and phantom reserve and--" what of this wonderful army corps scheme which was going to make England a military nation; which was going to make Mr. Brodrick's reputation equal to if not greater than that of Louvois or Cardwell i> The first Army Corps was not yet half formed; the Second Army Corps was a more skeleton ; the Third Army Corps was incomplete; the Fourth Army Corps con- sisted of Lord Grenfell ; the Fifth, he understood, was in a pigeon-hole at the War Office; and as for the sixth, he believed Mr. Brodrick had taken it with him in a red box on his cruise in the Mediterranean." Finally, Mr. Churchill gave his hearers the benefit of his own ideas as to the mili- tary necessities of the nation. "We do not want in England a kind of imitation German army on a small scale," was the sum total of his criticism and the basis of his suggestions was " a professional army to garrison the Empire, a volunteer citizen army to defend the British Islands, and above all a great, powerful, and splendid navy,strong enough to preserve upon a solid foundation the peace of the civilised world." The speech was punctuated by the cheers of an audience which appeared to delight in the speaker's sharp thrusts, but which, eventually, with true Tory Consistency and obedience to the leading string.passed a "vote of confidence in the Government."

It is refreshing to hear that the Stockton Heath Parish Council are at last in agreement with the Corporation with respect to the proposed exten- sion of the tramway system to Stookton Heath The Corporation have granted them all the con- cessions they have asked for,so that the" Heathens" would in.leed be an ungracious lot if they were not satisfied now. There is, however,a still more serious obstacle to be overcome, ere the Corporation can extend the tramway system to the square at Stock- ton Heath. Tne Cheshire County Council is from some cause or other showing great solicitude for the residents' safety and has petitioned the Board of Trade to require the Corporation to widen Oki London-road beyond the limits agreed to with the Parish Council, and also to undertake other obliga- tions with regard to lighting and other matters. The Board of Trade has decided to hold an inquiry into the subject in London at an early date. The Town Clerk, in his letter to the Parish Council, expresses the opinion that the Corporation are being put to unnecessary expense in having an inquiry forced upon them. Mr. Whittle does not stand alone in this opinion, and it is not surpris- rig to hear that the Corporation, have decided ip the event of the conditions asked for, bY the County Connell being imposed by the Board of Trade, not to proceed with the order.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[By A CORRESPONDENT.]

Up to Tuesday this week King Frost ruled .with an iron sway. The weather was bitterly. cold and the majority anticipated there would be a 'heavy fall of snow. Happily for the poorer classes these predictions were falsified. The weather has 'againarrayed.itself in a genial spring-like garb to the satisfaction of the workers. For the greater portion of last week work was at a standstill, the "down locks men," the painters, stone workers etc., being obliged to suspend work on account of the . frost. The tradesfolk are universally grumbling at the state of the town, and,, in this respect, yre being kept well employed for want of something better to do. The lake at the common_ was coated with ice early last week and on Friday and Satur- day was strong enough to bear with the result that there were crowds of men, women and children eager to taste the first fruits of winter. Luckily there were no real mishaps, though. I believe, otta or two were unfor- tunate 'enough to get Immersed to the middle. Atithe time of writing it appears as though the frost were disappearing very nicely indeed.

The now licensing Act has affected Runcorn some- what considefably. Since the New Year there has practically been a d-arth of the usual " drunk and disorderly" at the Police Court. I heard the other day of a well-known local character moaning out the heart rending complaint : "No one will serve me now and I can't get anybody to fetch me a pint." This, itself, is sufficient to explode the idea that men cannot be made tiiipenite by Acts of Parliament.

The Library Committee have wisely decided to stop, if possible, the petty annoyance in the reading room caused by young urchins who tear up magazines, walk noisily about the room, and play well-knowlrinfantile pranks to the annoyance of the readers. The next time one of these juvenile offenders is caught his name and address will be taken, and in the fulness of time his parents: will be advised of his unseemly behaviour. This will, no doubt, prove sufficient to deter such mischiev- ous youngsters from repeating the offences.

There have been no more actual outbreaks of' the small-pox epidemic in Runcorn though an additional case has been reported to the medical officer. As a matter of fact the case is an imported one and is not the result of the previous outbreak in the town.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

The match at Trwell.-1:;;;--C;;;-"Saturday between the Linnets and the Wirepullers is looked forward to by the football-loving community with cobsiderable interest. Houghton is not turning out, and his place is to befilley by Jolley. Though the home team will not by and means be at its best, there can be no doubt but it will render a .good account of itself. The following is the team chosen_ to represent Runcorn on Saturday :7- Jolley, back ; Jones, Butterworth, Price, and 'Moran three-quarters ; Richardson and, Foster, half backs : Walker, Farmer, Woods, Gayter, Moulton, Higgins, Williams, Houghton, and Langley, reserve.

PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, PROGRAMMES FOR BAZARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. ROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. JOHN W ALliun AND CO .r.4XAMINER PRINTING WORKS

===== 0002601_19030123_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN PARISH CHURCH.

The annual tea and entertainment in connection with the above church took place on Monday, there being a very fair attendance.

RUNCORN WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION.

The quarterly membrs' meeting was held in the Greenway-road schoolroom, on Monday last. Mrs. .J. D. Jones occupied the chair,and a very interesting address was given by Mrs. Sprant. Afternoon tea brought a pleasant gathering to a close.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIMITIVE METHODIST SALE OF WORK.

In connection with the above place of worship a sale of work was opened on Wednesday afternoon by Mr. F. J. Norman, J.P. On Thursday Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., opened the sale. A substantial amount was realized for the trust fund. SHALL WE Go BACK TO Ron?

Mr. George Wise, the well-known Protest lecturer, visited Runcorn on Wednesday night. He intended to lecture on the subject Of" Shall we go back to Rome ?" but when he was welcomed by only a score of people in the Public Hall, capable of holding 1,400 people, he repaid them their entrance money.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
A LIGHT CALENDAR AT RUNCORN.

At the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday before Messrs. A. Thomas (in the chair) and A. R. Norman, Thomas Hill, Duke's Stables, as fined 4s. 6d. for allowing the chimney of his dwelling house to be on flte.—A warrant was issued against Joseph Baskell, Nelson-street, who did not appear on a summons • for obscene language.—Michael Conway, licensee of the Fleewood Arms, Church-street, was granted an occa- sional license to sell at the Public Hall from seveu o'clock to three °lithe occasion of the Catholic Ball. PULPIT REFERENCE TO THE LATE MRs.HAZLEHURST. Preaching at the Parish Church on Sunday morning, the Vicar said during the last few days there had passed away from them one they all luiew, Mrs. C. Hazlehurst. Owing to infirmities shehad ceased to take part in any public life, She was, however, a link with the past. Her own family revered her. It would be impossible foranyone tp say too much . about her and of the fine character she possessed. Every good object received her support, and she would be greatly missed.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FREE LIBRARY.

The Committee associated with - the above met on Tuesday evening. The Librarian reported for the last monthas follows :—Nurnber of days open 20, number of issues, 2,420 ; average daily Issue, 121. Details : Theology, 25;. philosophy, 23 ; science, 73; history. etc„ 740; poetry, 15 ; fiction, 1,746 ; miscellaneous, 279; French literature, four ; music, 18 ; total, 2,420; refer- ence department, 79; increase, 50. Total, 2,420; increase, 361.—The report was approved. It was further resolved to write a letter of complaint to the parents of :my juvenile found damaging periodicals eta., in the library.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUNCORN LIBERAL CLUB.

At a meeting on Wednesday night of the members of the above club under the presidency of Mr. W. Thime- low, the following nominations werehanded in :—Presi- dent, Sir J. T. Brunner, Ear.; vice-presidents, M 05517.3. A. R. Norman, S. Taylor,R. H. Posnett, and W.Ockles- ton ; . treasurer, W. Millinger ; secretary, A. Riley: auditors, Messrs. Pearson, Parr, 'Wright and Kniveton ; comniittee, Messrs. Pearson, Huxtable, T. Whinyates, Brimelow, T. Cooke, T. hinge, J. Handley, J. Stan w ay, J. Roberson, W. Riley, H. Hughes. P. Deakon, J. New- hall, H. Wright, J. Arden, J. Lea, A. Ravenscroft, H. Chadwick, C. Kniveton, J. Green, A. E. Parr, J. Jolley, S. Bailey, E. Carter, W. Ruaiton.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED SWINDLE AT RUNCORN.

At Runcorn on Thursday Joseph Spencer, alias Harry Randall, a middle-aged man, was charged with stealing a watch and chain belonging to Christopher Welling. Superintendent Ennion said the prisoner came to Run- corn on the 11th inst., and obtained lodgings at Mrs. Gridiths's, 25, Parker-street, bystating he was employed on the Ship Canal. On Mo;tday morning he departed without setiiling his bill, and afterwards it was dis- covered that he had taken Wellings's (also a lodger) watch and chain. He was apprehended at Nantwich on Wednesday with the watch and,chain in his possession. He wak remanded for a week, so that his career may be investigated.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON-IN-iVIAKERFIELD LECTURES COMMITTEE. alHnge on "Ants."

tinder the auspices of the above Committee, the first of the course of Gilchrist lectures was given in the Town Hall, Earlestown. on Monday evening. The Rev. W. H, Daflinger, D.D., D.C.L., was the lecturer, and his subject was " Ants : a Study of Sociology and Politics amongst Insects." _

Coronel R. Pilkington, M.P., presided, and there was a very large audience. The Chairman did not think that Dr. Dellinger required any introduction from him ; he was so very well known, and the reputation of his lectures was so well iknoWn that any remarks of his would be simply wasting their time. Dr. Dellinger said the incomprehensible vastness of this universe and the stupendous improve- ments and energy which were being disclosed, in which science is.enforcing itself t:more and more

upon the minds of our race, nitM became" More impressed with the minute details which open themselves to human research. The ants because they were little feeble folk but roughly endowed for their work in nature,demanded

our sindi. They were mentally. Peers amongst invertebrm animals. it was admitted that though so small they were at the apex of invertebros animals. Ants Were, socially, animals with remarkable and varied civilisations. They provided doors, galleries; nurseries and store rooms,they understand and perform the busi- ness of their life, they collect and preserve food for the dark end unproductive days, they keep the equivalent of mulch cows and other domestic animals; tkey lay seiges, (wry on warfare, do battle, take prisoners and actually make slaves by millions, while they care for,nurture and educate their children with increasing care. They practically converse, they are sometimes pampered by indolence into a helpless aristocracy and show a strong capacity for drunkenness. Could the analogy to humm nature be more complete than that?: The ants were strictly insects and their distribution Was exceedingly wide. The inhabitants of an ant colony consisted of

hreo grades Of individuals, the male's, females and Letters.

From this point the lecture was delivered in darkness,. owing to illustrations by the oxy-hydrogen lantern,and the greatest interest was manifested in the descriptions of the structure (anatomically) of the ant, its brain, tongue, eyes, &c. The other illustrations were descrip- tive of the architectural abilities of the ants, their philanthropy and kindness, their recreation, &c. The Rev. G. Cook, at the Close moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which the Rev. J. Carson sesonled, and it was tunnimously accorded. Dr. Dallinger briefly res- ponded, and moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman which wos accorded heartily.

1.0.G.T. HOPE 0P EA ItLESTOWN LODGE.

The weekly,meeting was held on Monday when an interesting programme was well rendered by the juveniles. assisted by. several visitors from Warrington. Bro. E. Newman presided. 'After the opening hymn and prayer the following items were given : Melodies by the children, recitations by Masters J. W. Woods, C. Hatton, Misses Naylor arid H. Hayes ; duets, Misses G. Dean, P. Edwards, Morris and Dean ; songs, Miss Hatton and Miss Hughes ' (from Warrington) ; grama- phone selections; Mr, Porter; cornet solo,Mr. Griffiths; piano. solo,- Miss E. Lee of Warrington ; dialogue, "Apartments to let or the prodigal's return " by Messrs J. Sheath, F. Merlin, W. Griffiths, 'P. Hughes of War- rington. A hearty vote of thanks to the visitors and children was accorded, which brought an enjoyable evening to a close.

COLDS. Colds are unpleasant at all COLDS. COLDS times and often difficult to COLD,. COLDS. get rid of. but an excellent and COLDS. COLDS. agreeable remedy is a basin of gruel, COLDS. COLDS. taken every night, made from COLDS. COLD. ROBINSON'S FATIMA: arioats. cch..ui

===== 0002601_19030123_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, January 23, 1903

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS CRICKET AND BOWLING CLUB.

The animal general meeting of the members of this elub was held at the Pied Bull Hotel, Newton, on Thurs- day evening. Mr. W. H. Hindley presidedand there was a fair attendance.

The Chairman said they had a lot of business to get through in consequence of the provision of the new Licensing Act. There were about five or six rules, which had been altered and which required the sanction of that meeting,in order to !become law. They had been fraraed by a solicitor, and had been considered and approved by the committee. Tne Bowling Secretary, Mr. A. G tlloway, read the minutes of the previous annual meeting, which were confirmed.

The balance she3t showed the total receipts for tha season to be .C 240 18s. 5d., including a balance of ,t 23 Is. 10d., and the expenditure was £196.135., leaving a balance of £l4 ss. sd. to be carried forward.

The statement • WAS ooniidel:ed sltisrwztary and wAi unanimously adopted.

ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

Tac election of officers resulted as follows :—Presi- dent, Mr. R. Stone, J.P., re-elected; Vice-presildcats, Messrs. J. Fairclough, C. H. Bodiner, J. W. Glover, H. J. Longton, J. Simpson, Dr. H. Watkins and W. Long- ton: Treasurer, Mr. W. H. Hindley; Secretaries, MI T. Williams and Mr. J. A. Galloway; Cricket captains, Ist team, Mr. W. H. Hlndley, 2nd t 311 Th Mr. T. Wilkin- F son; Bowling captains, Messrs. G. McCormick, J. •W. Crouchley, jun., H. Hill and A. Clough; committee,, Messrs T. Boardman, R. Carson, J. Crouchley, R. Chandley, A. Lennox, P. Rercival, John Rimmer, T. Rudd, F. Turner, J. Nichols, T. Mayor, W. Raynor, E. Collinge, and J. H. Swann ; groundsman, Mr. F. Hutchins. It was decided to join the Laccashire and Cheshire Bowling Association and the Newton Division Association; representative to the L mcashire and Cheshire Assotiation, Mr. J. A. Galloway ; dle- gates to the suite association, Messrs. J. W. Crouchley and T. Boardman. Auditors, Messrs. T. Spakinln and F. Wagg.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW LICENSING ACT,

In consequence of the operations of this Act, and owing to a notice having been received from the Clerk ; to the justices calling attention to the Act, and asking for the name of the CIO, address of the Club, objet of the Club, name of Secretary and number of members, a printed copy of the rules was asked for, and particularly of those relating to the election of members, admission of honorary methbers and guesfs, terms of subscription, cessation of membership, hours of closing, mode of altering rules. Several of the rules had been re-drafted and new rules framed, and 4these were gone through er intim and agreed to with one or two slight altera- -16 ns. Votes of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meeting. .

===== 0002601_19030123_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH TEA PARTY. Enjoyable Gathering at Parr Hail.

The principal and perhaps, most enjoyable social function of the year in connection with St. Paul's Church is the annual parochial tea party and entertain- ment. On Monday evening Parr Hall was the sce.ae of this pleasant gathering which was attended with g rat i fy- ng.success. About 400 parishioners and friends sat down to an excellent tea, the following ladies presiding at the tables :—Mesdames Bracecamp, J. H. Smethurst, Chorley, Smethurst, Burgess, • George Smith, Robinson, Binks, Richardson, Lindley, Locker, Chadwick, Wainwright,Collin, Cb.antry, Bunch, 'Jolley, Reid, Hankinson, Cox, Healey,Partridge.Lawton,Wo rral Lea rt is, Gre Rough, and Powell, Misses Fox, .Geddes, Finney, Pierpaint, Bainbridge, Taylor, A.shurst, Seward. itimmer, and Greenough. . . . . .

Prior 6 the entertainment several speeches with re- gard to the work of the parish were delivered.. Alder- man Smethurst presided in the unavoidable absence of , Alderman Sutton, and at the outset wished all preseat a happy New Year. Referring to the work of the past year he said he was pleased they had a vicar who was so zealous in his work as the ,IRev.W. Bracecamp. The speaker alluded to the increase in the congregations and said he thought that within his recollectioa St. Paul's Church had never been as well attended,as it was at the present time. During the ' year there had also been a marked increase in the amounts of the collections, arid it was gratifying to note that a week ago they raised £l5 for the Waifs and St rays Society. That was somethingo be proud of.(Applause:) Mr. J. H. SMETHURST, people's warden, said it afforded him the greatest possible pleasure to be presaat,because the past year had been the most successful that he could remember. The ten months that Mr. Bracecamp had been in charge of the parish had marked an era •f progress in the church ,which he very much doubted would ever be beaten. Since Easter the amount of the offertories had been £360 ls.'lod., the amount for the same period last year being ,E3lO, showing an increase of £5O. The wardens found, however, that the more the collections increased, the more funds were required, and they were never "harder up " than they were at the -present moment. That was because so many Costly enterprises had been embarked upon. During. the ten months,they had raised £B3 14s. 9d. on behalf of the Endowment Fund and he hoped that this year the amount collected would be still larger. With regard Oa the needs, of the parish the Church would in time reqiiire redecorating: and re- novating but they had, already £3l ss. 7d. in hand for that purpose. Again speaking of the amount of the collections, Mr. Smethurst said that on Hospital Sunday St. Paul's headed the list of collec- tions at churches .of their own denomination. The speaker alluded to tbe able manner in which All Saints' Mission had been suheriatenied :thy Mr. f Coon ,and pointed out that the present building was not large enough for their requirements. The Sunday School had now to be held in the Church and they wanted as soon as possible to have a separate banding for the school. With that object in view they had already in hand the sum of £lOO 3s. 2d. Mr. Smethurst also spoke of the penny bank,and mentioned that there were 500 regular depositors. Mr. CHORLEY, the Vicar's warden, briefly addressed the gathering. The Vican, at the outset, acknowledged the splendid work which had been carried on by his predecessor, Mr. Tarbuck. He greatly appreciated that work,and con- sidered it a privilege to• follow such a man as Mr. Tar- buck. The Vicar proceeded to thank the wardens for their valuable services and said he did not think two better wardens could be found anywhere in Lancashire. He also thanked the other church officers and the members of the congregation for the support they had g accorded him. Ho came to the parish in fear and trembling at following such a man as Mr. Tarbuck, but he had now realized how willing the con- gregation were to help him, and this mnde his work proportionately easy. The speaker also eulogised the services of the Rev. C. J. Edwards and Mr. Coxon,and continuing, appealed to all present to help him in the fature,as well as they had done in the past. He thought if they did so,that St. Paul's Would progress as much, if not more than ever it had done. in conclusion he proposed a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Burgess, the secretary of the committee who had had the arrange- ments for the party in hand, for his very valuable services, and to all who had rendered assistance. (Applause). Mr. PARKER seconded, . and the vote having been heartily agreed to, Mr. IlumaEss briefly responded. The entertainment was then proceeded with,and gave the greatest enjoyment to the assembly. All the artistes acquitted themselves in a highly creditable in inner and, several encores were .accorded. Selections were rendered with good - effect by a ladies' orchestra. com- posed of the following :—Pianoforte, Miss V. K. Finney; Ist violias, the Misses M. Leigh, J. M. Finney and M. Chesworth 2nd violins, the Misses L. M. Burchall, E. Greenhough, mid M. Parsonage; mandoline, Miss Mary Ches- worth ; triangle and • castanets, Miss Hilda Leigh. Miss Harrison sweetly and tastefully rendered the songs "Oh, dry those tears" and " Love's bargain " the first soag calling forth an encore. Several pupils at the Priory Schoo I gave charming dances and were accorded vigorous encores. The choir rendered selections from " Maritana " and " The Bohemian girl" in a Manner which reflected great credit upon them and upon the able organist of the church (Mr. E. Wilkes). The soloists were Mrs Scattergood, the Misses Armstrong, Bate, and Willcox, and Mr Ratcliffe. Mr. K. H. Pearson played the violin solos "Canzona" and " Bolero " with his usual skill. The humorous element was in very capable hands, this portion of the progranaine being allotted to Mr. Alfred Grounds and Mr. J. Emson, who both succeeded

in keeping the audience in a very merry mood Mr. Grounds contributed "Sloshem Coronation festivi- ties" and the ventriloquial sketch "Music and mimicry', in each of which he displayediconspicuons ability. Mr. Emson scored a great success with his songs "Heigh up its coming " and " I wish I'd bought ducks," having to respond to an encore for the first named. Mr. E. Wilkes was an able accompanist.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY EVENING'S DANCE.

A very successful and enjoyable dance was held 9n Parr Hall on Tuesday evening, about 400 being present. A programme of 16 dances WM gone through to the strains or Slr. Anderton's band. The M.C.'s were : Messrs. W. Flood, G. F. .Freeman, A. C. Binks, J. Houghton, H. B. Houghton, .1. Bate, W. Thompson, and G. H. Shaw.

MOTOR Cuts at manufacturers prices, quotations for any make.—:l. S. GAELANDMotor Car Depot,

; :1-3:and 55, Bridge-street, %Waring ton.—Act.

MONEY WELL SPENT if you buy ALP TAYLOR'S good Boots, 45, Horsemarket-st.,Warrington.—Advt. tADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. "BENZ" MOTOR CAR for sale,second-hand,first rate condition.—Apply J. S, GARLAND, 51, 53, bnd 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. BEST BOOTS FOR ALL.—UNDER the CLOCK.—AdVt,„

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE Torsac is the RING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. UNDER the CLOCK for GOOD BOOTS.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
A VALET'S CLAIM. Saquel to a Cycling Accident at Lymm.

B?fore His Honour Judge .Bowen Rowlands K.C., at the Warrington County' Court on Thursday, an action was heard in which James Cawley, .valet to Lieutenant Colonel Cornwall Legh, of High Legh, sued Alfred Read, horsedeller, Stockport, for 250 compensation for . _ _ _ _

injuries sustained it was claimed that tlie defendant or his servants were guilty of negligence by driving a herd of horses along the high road at Lymm in such a manner as not to have reasonable and proper control over them, the result being that they ran loose all over the road and the plaintiff was knocked off his bicycle and sustained serious injuries to his head, faee and arms and his bicycle was dameg ed. The particalars were made up as follows: Doctor's eill l7s. 9d.; extra nourish- ment £2 '; repairs to bieycle Z.l 10s., pa'm suffering and Ldisfigurement for life £39 12:s. 3d.—Mr. Browne repre- sented the plaintiff and Mr. Simms (Messes. Simms and Symes) of Manchester appeared for the defendaat. Mr. Browne, in stating the plaintiff's case, pointed out that oa the 11th of August, the plaintiff was retarn- In, front Lvinin on his biocle. It • was pouring with rain ital It was verydarkat the time. When he reached Higher-lane, Lymm, he saw in front. of him a light , evidently attached to a cart. .11e hod two bells on his bicycle and rang bath. immediately afterwards he felt something come against him. Hewes ; thrown from his bicycle on te :he curbstone and whilst on the ground he was kicked 1.,y a colt in the face. At the tim 3 he was kno3ke 1 off ills bicycle there were a number of horses in the lane' which were not under control. The plaintiff shouted for assistance and a MAR 1111113 i Brooker came up. Mr. Brooker foand Caw- ley in the gutter, the latter being on his proper side. He was in a terrible condition, and he could scarcely recognize him, although he knew him. He recognized him by his voice.. His client asked what the defendant was doing, but there was no answer. Plaintiff asked for the defendant's name and address and the latter slid he had come from Birmingham and was well- known in Lymin. C twley said that there was no one in charge of the animals, and all the three men with the horses were in the van. The defendant refused to give his name and address, but, fortunately, Brookerott the request of the plaintiff, followed him into the village and communicated with Sergeant Sharp, who saw the defendant and • asked for his name and address. He gave it as,Williaur Smith, of NewcaStle-on-Tyne,horse dealer. There waS no 11l inc on the van. The defendant told the sergeant that he was taking theanimals to Chester fair, and the latter replied that he should report the case, as the defendant had no name on the vats, The p )lice were three or four; months before they discovered that the defendant ; lived in Stockport, and was named* Read. In November the defendant was brought up at Lynim Sessions and convicted for having no name on the van ; he practically admitted that he had told a lie. to the complainant and Brooker. The complainant was taken ton doctoaandhad eight stitches put in his upper lip, his nose WAS broken, and three good teeth entirely knocked out, his hand sprained, and he was also very badly bruised, and was in bed for a week. Mr. Browne submitted that the defendant was guiltyof negligence in not having the animals under proper Con- trol. A disfigurement to a valet was a very serious thine, and was likely to prevent him getting a fresh situation if he required one. The plaintiff was then called and bore out Mr. Browne's statement. He Stated that he had not been free from headache since the accident.—Cross-examined by Mr. Simms, witness Said there were more than four horses and the animals were not tethered together. - John Brooker, a waiter, residing at Higher-lane, Lymm, said he was proceeding home on the night in question when he met a dark object en the footpath which afterwards proved .to be a colt. There were about twenty colts all over the road, and he saw no one in charge of them. There wasa van at the back with a light attached. Witness afterwards heard a shout and on turning back saw the plaintiff and his bicycle lying in the gutter. He knew Cawley, but could hot recognise him on this occasion as his face was in a shocking condition. The plaintiff and witness attempted to get the defendant's name,but as they did not succeed, Witness followed the ,van to Lymm and told Sergeant Sharp.—ln cross- examination witness said there were some horses in front and some behind and others around the van. William Hollingworth, Higher-lane, Lymm, a joiner, spoke as to meeting the van about 50 yards from where the accident took place. There were horses on the footpath on which he was walking and horses .in front and behind the van. More was no one in' charge of the horses. It was pitch dark and raining heavily. Cross-examined : He did not see the accident, Sergeant Sharp, stationed at Lymm, stated that he saw about half a dozen horses in front of the van. Witness -Old the defendant about a complaint he had received,and the defendant replied "the man is not hurt. I assisted him on his bicycle and he went on." Witness said that was not very satisfactory and asked him for his name and address. He gave his name as "William Smith. of 48, Fydel-street, Newcastle- on- Tyne." Witness looked for his name and address on the van but found there was none painted thereon. A summons was issued but it was found that the address was a false one. Four months later he discovered that the defendant's name was Alfred Read of 69, Old-road Stockport. The defendant was brought before the magistrates at Lymm and was tined 20s. and costs. Dr. De Jong, medical practitioner at Lymm, des- cribed the injuries. .When the plaintiff came to his surgery he found him suffering from contused and lacer ated wounds. The bridge of his nose was broken and his cheek was badly bruised ; his lip was cut through and the wound extended to the nose. The chin was bruised and the right wrist sprained. Some front teeth had been knocked out. The plaintiff was very weak in con- sequence of the accident, and must have suffered great pain. It was quite likely that he had hardly been free from headache since.—Cross-examined : The injuries could hardly have been caused by the plaintiff falling from his machine on to the curbkone. He thought one of the animals must have caught its hoof on the plaintiff's face. • Harry Dennett,; licensee of the Bulls Head Inn, Lymm, stated that the defendant visited his house after the case had been heard at the Sessions. The defendant told him he had 30 or 40 colts in his possession. He expressed surprise that' witness had not heard of an accident to. a cyclist on the night in question. Mr. Simms, said his defence was a contradiction as to the number of the horses' and he denied that they were loose. The defendant himself had two horses tethered together and another man was leading ,the other two. They were walking along the road, . and there was ample room for a bicycle or a cart to pass. They saw some one come up on a bicycle, and shouted to him to mind the horses. He had no sooner called Out, when the plaintiff and his bicycle struck the off horse, and the bicycle swerved round from the horse and went into the curb, where the plaintiff fell.

His Honour said that if Mr. Simms could show any- thing approaching the state of affairs existing accord- ing to his statement, then there was no negligence. Alfred Read, the defendant, bore out the statement and said there were only four horses in addition to the one drawing the van. Witness was leading two of them tethered together and there was ample room for even a waggon and horses to pass him. Whew he saw plaintiff approaching he shouted "Heigh up!" but plaintiff rode on in a zi;!-zag fashion, and ran into one of the horses. This caused him to fall against the curbstone. Thomas Houghton; Guide Bridge, who was driving a horse and trap and witnessed the accident, corroborated. He, however, said there were five or six horses in -addi- tion to the one drawing the van. Cross-examined: There were mor* horses behind the van.

George Cook, who was leading two horses, and Peter Ford also gave evidence. His Honour gave judgment for the plaintiff for the full amount claimed with costs.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Band of Hope Concert at Sankey Brldges.

On Monday;. evening an entertainment was riven in the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan schoolroom before a large attendance. The Rev. J Howard, who was down as chairman could not come, the Substitute being Mr, J. Corradine. The chairman gave an encouraging address on temperance, also speaking on the new Licensing Act,aud said the tempe..ance- party were getting Cu. ahead now and he hoped the time would come when all drunkenness would be abolished. During the evening ' recitations were given by the children,and one worthy of special note was given by W. Wilkes, the title being "The coster's farewell to his steed." Solos were also contributed lw Mr. Cr. Gough, and at the close a laughable sketch entitled " The bobby's court " was given by, the following senior members:—Misses Hardy, Sndlow, E. Cragg, C. Jackson, A. Summerfield, A. Hatfield, and Messrs. I?. Cra!r,,, E. Jones. W. Wilkes and T. Jackson,which was received with great applause, after • which the usual vote of thanks brought the meeting to a close. UNDER YOUR FOOT you want good Boots. Wear ALP TAYLOR'S well-known Boots.—Advt.

CRAWFORD'S

64 y I.4OTHIAN"

SH CRTBREAD

===== 0002601_19030123_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
NIITE3 EY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

Lii): A CORRESPONDENT].

I dan't think Dr. Latham showed very good taste in trying to re-open the question of Lord Newton's gift to the Council in connection with Newton Common. Pro- ably he was withln his strict rights in calling attention to what he considered was an in,orrect wording or the resolution of thanks for the gill In giving publicity to a nutter of this kind, there are other things to be considered besides the correctness or otherwise of the wording of a resolution. It would never do for the re- lations of the Council with Lord Newton or his agent to become strained, which might very easily happen through the haphazard remarks of a councillor. The Council May hive to go to Lord Newton .again for something and it is just as well to keep on the best of terms with him.• is to be hoped, for the good of the township, that Dr. Latham will reconsider his decision and leave the resolution itl9ne,

The Small-pox patient has not yet been removed from hi :3 home, for the simple reason that the Council have no suitable place to ramove him to. Marquees have beeo ordered, to :be used as a temporary isolation hospital, but it is just possible the man may have be- come convalescent before the place is erected. It is nearly five years since the question of an Isolation Hos- pital was before the Council, and although there have been numerous infectious cases, the Council have not until nowstirred themselves towards providing one. The case is something like the old adage of " locking the stable after the horse has gone." They have thought about providing a hosnital for infectious cases, and now thatacase needing Isollatioa has cropped up, they have nowhere to put it.

Whether or not the Railway Company will act in ac- cordan3e with the sugvstionof the jury at the inquest on the boy who was killed on the railway at. Bridge's Crossing, it would be a sourca of delight to many parents if the crossing was closed and a bridge put over it for foot passengers.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTH A:LT..

Unless the committee of the Earlestown club can put before their patrons better sport than they are at the present time doing, lam afraid there will have to be an enforced sale of assets and there will very soon be a good football field to let. The constant chopping and changing of the team is having a very deleterious effect upon the players, and as a consequence the spectators who turn up week after week to witness the game are becoming disgusted with the sorry exhibitions given of the popular game. On, Saturday the visiting club was Staleybridge Rovers, the contest being for points in the Lancashire League table, the position of Earlestown being an unenviable one. Two new players were tried, a goal keeper naMed Swift, and a forward named Cox, but both were on Saturday's form failures. Cox might be worth another trial, for there is not the slightest doubt he was on one or two occasions spoiled by Raft- ley. The play of the latter is perfectly in- describable. When competing with St. Helens Rees, he showed that he knew how to play footbalL•but since then he has acted more liken school- boy, in fact many schoolboys could give him a lesson in football. At the present time he appears, for some reason or other, determined to show the spectators how not to score although he has had excellent oppor- tunities to shine. If the Earlestown Committee could get hold of a dashing centre forward, who knew his • business, it would pa., them to drop Bartley entirely. ' On Saturday he simply neglected his opportunities and as a consequence Earlestown, who really had all the game—thanks to their clever half backs,—had to suffer defeat by 2 goals to 1. One of the goals was most certainly due to the way in which the goal keeper cleared a dangerous shot, and before he got back between the sticks the ball was shot in. . Such an exhibition of goal keeping has not been seen on the Earlestown ground before, nor do the spectators want to see the like of it again.

As f have said before the committee will have t 6 use more judgment in their selections, or the days of the club are numbered, so far as the public support is concerned.

The Newton club also received a towelling on Satur- day. They looked very much like winning against White Star Wanderers up to half time, when the score stood Newton 2; White Star 1 On changing ends, how- how, White Star reversed the order of things, and Newton never had a look in, the game ending in a win for White Star by 4 goals to 2.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
INSURANCE COMPANY SUED. --- A Warrington County Court Case.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday. 1\ lary Elizabeth Kinsella, a widow living at 4, HaliL:-street, brought an action against the British Natural Premium Life Association Ltd., Ludgate Hill, London'to recover ,f2lO 10s. alleged to be owing to her under a policy of insurance issued on the life of her son Thomas Kinsella by the National Guardian Assurance Company, whose liabilities and responsibilities, it was stated, had been taken over by the defendant company.--Mr. Steel appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. T. R.Dootzon,of Leigh, represented the defendant company.—The case had been before the local magistrates on two occasions but had been dismissed on technical points. Briefly stated, the plaintiff's case was that her son Thomas was insured in the National Guardian Assnraneo Company for the amount named. He died in August last, but the money had not been paid. Plaintiff received a circular in April stating that the British. Natural Premium Life Association undertook the res- ponsibility of payment of the sum of ten guineas sub- ject to the conditions appertaining to policies issued by the association. Plaintiff admitted that for a number of weeks she did not pay any instalments, but this was due to the fact that no agent called upon her. During that time she could not find out where the local office of the company was. No notice of lapse had been served upon her. Mr. Dootson's contention was that the plaintiff did not make any payments for sixteen weeks and notice of lapse was served upon her. Consequently nothing was due under the policy. He also contended that after the lapse of the policy on agent of another company went to the plaintiff and offered to place the children insured in the Guardian Company on immediate full benefit in his company if she would transfer them. Ten guineas were paid to the plaintiff in respect of the transfer of the policy in question to the new company. Mr. Steel said the plaintiff denied having received any money at all.

His Hoiiour asked for evidence with regard to the serving of the notice of lapse, and. Mr. Dootson called George Bate, inspector of the British Natural Premium Life Assurance Company, who stated that on the 23rd June he posted a notice of lapse to Mrs. Kinsella. She was then 16 weeks in arrears.-r-Cross- examined by Mr. Steele. The counterfoil produced gave Mrs. Kinsella's addre,s as "Holyfare-street." -John Stevens, Legh-street, insurance agent, stated that he remembered writing out the lapsed notices and posting them. The counterfoil was produced.--Cross- examined by Mr. Steel : He tried to find Halifax-st.. but could not. In the counterfoil the street was written "Holyfare-street," His Honour held that. on the evidence before him there was r proof of lapsed notices having been served. Mr. Doofson said he would call Patrick •Frain to provethat the plaintiff had received ten guineas from another company, to which she transferred the business. The witness was in court but stated that he had nothing to do with the case and refused to go into the witness box.

His Honour said he would sign a subpmna, to be served on Mr. Frain in Court, if he did not go into the witness box.

Mr. Frain then went into the box, and inanswer to Mr. Dootson stated‘ that he was an agent of the United Provident insurance Society. His Society took over the business from Mrs. 'Kinsella. Six children were transferred from one society to another. He gave full benefit to them, and oil the death of Thomas Kinsella he paid the plaintiff ten guineas. His Honour said the plaintiff had been a party to the transfer of the business of the society and therefore could not claim from the defendant society. Mr. Steel observed that he did not know of the transfer. Mr. Dootson said he would not ask for costs. Judgment was then given for the defendant company without costs.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

An interesting presentation was made at the meeting of this Society on Sunday, when the .Pre.ident, on behalf of the members, presented Mr. William Farrar and Mr. Harry Farrar with a gold pencil case each, in recognition of their long and faithful ser- vices as markers in connection with the prize scheme. The President, in making the presentation, alluded to the valuable services which had been rendered by Messrs. William mid H. Fiirrar for many :sears as Markers, and pointed out that much of the success of the prize scheme depended upon the regular andpunctual attendance of the markers.—Mr. William Farrar briefly acknowledged the gifts.—The meeting was presided over by Mr. C. H. Mills, Nvh briefly addressed the meeting.—Mr. Betts, of Manches- ter, was the .speaker. and delivered an address on " Defences." After alluding to the national defences to prevent the invasion of an enemy, he proceeded to refer to the necessity of effective defences in per- sonal life, if they were to maintain I)urit3 of life against evil.—Mr. Payton contributed an organ solo.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—AdVt. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—AdVt.

PFBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER the CLOCK for BEST BOOTS in LANCASHIRE.—AdVt.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030123_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

MASONIC SOCIIT, AT NEWTON'. On Thursday evening the brethren of the illakerlield Lodge of Freemasons had a Consersazione at the Town. Hall, Newton. There was a good attendance of Masons and their wives, and a most pleasant evening was wound up at 12 o'clock

• " ST. PETER'S CEICRCII, NEWTON. In aid of the fund for 'clearing off the debt on the new tower of the above church, special. services were held on Sunday. There were excellent 'congregation; at the morning and evening services. The morning preacher was the Rev. Canou Willinck, vicar of St. Helens, and the Rev. Morley Stevenson occupied the Pulpit at the evening service.

P.S.A. ' The Usual weeklY, meeting of the P.S.A. was held in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown, on Sunday. Mr. ?ALlHills presided over a good attendance. A stirring address on "Pleasant Sunday Afternoons "was given by the Rev. S. D. Thomas.. Miss Toombs rendered several vocal items. Recitations were given by Mr. A. Lunt. Mr. W. Willis accOmpanied at the plano, and Mr. E. Smith at the organ. Cif ILD FATALLY BURNED AT EARLESTOWN. The infant son of Samuel Sergeant, or Suez-street, Earlestown, has died from the effects of burns received on Monday. It seems that the mother \left the child with its three-year-old sister downstairs whilst she went upstairs to .prepare the beds. The children obtained seine pieces of paper and lit them at the fire, from which it appeam the nightdress of the deceased was ignited. Dr. Gauge was called in, but death took. place as stated.—The inquest on the body of the child Sergeant was heldat the Town Hal I,on Wednesday bylMr S. Brighouse, coroner. Evidence in accordance with the foregoing facts was -tendered, and the coroner remarked upon the necessity of every house where there were young children, being provided with fire screens. A. verdict of" Accidental death "was returned. SUDDEN DEATH AT EARLESTOWN.

Early on Monday mornin;;;;i. man named Jack- son, employed its foreman painter at Messrs. Richard Evans and Co.'s collieries, Haydock, and residing at Crow-lane West, Earle,stown, died very suddenly whilst proceeding to his work. Deceased, who was cycling te Haydock, dismounted to inflate the tubes of his machine, and whilst doing this he was seizNl with a fit and ex- pired in a very short time. . The wife of the 'deceased lies at death's door. Mr. Jackson was very well-known in the district, especially amongst Conservatives, and although he really took no active part in the fighting department of politics, he was a member of the Con- servative Association. In Building Society circles he was also well-known, having been a director of the Newton Building Society for several years. His sudden demise came as a great shock to his ninny acquaintances and friends, more espcially as he was a hale and hearty man, with no indication that he would come to se sudden an end. He leaves a wife and four children.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
SKATING AT NEWTON LAKE.

The severe frost last week rendered the surface of Newton lake in splendid condition for skating, and con- sequently hundreds of people congregated there from the immediate neighbourhood and from the district round on Saturday afternoon. There were several races organised, and the sport was very keenly enjoyed. Although in places the ice was rather treacherdus,there were fortunately no accidents from the breaking in of the ice, but two or three of those who were disporting themselves met with injury from falls. One young fellow' named Percival living at Newton sustained concussion. of the brain, another had his shoulder dislocated, and s young man from Golborue suffered a broken leg. On Sunday a disappointing thaw set in, but this did not deter plenty of adventurous spirits from going on the ice, and although it was covered with about an inch depth of water, they endeavoured to enjoy themselves as well as they were able.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Personal.

Mrs. Lucretia Elizabeth Jones, of the Elms, Moore, neitr Warrington, and Brighton, who died on the 14th November last, tort estate valued at .329„181 Os 4.d. gross,and ,_128,ii;):2 I 7s. 2d. net. Death of Mrs. C. Rathboae. We regret to record lie death of Mrs. Charlotte Rathbone, of 11, Arpie-y-street, which took place on. Saturday afternoon. Mrs. Rathbone, who has resided in Warringtolj for over 50 years; was the widow of the late Mr. James Rathbone. and the daughter of Mr. William Di Ain. of the Grange Wein, Salop. She was in her 67th year. For about three years she had been in failing health, but her illness took a more acute form about two months ago, when she was con- fined to her house with cancer. The deceased lady was a member of the Women's Liberal Association, and was also, for many years a prominent worshipper at St. Paul's Church. She leaves a daughter (Mrs. H. Miller). The funeral took place at Stockton Heath on Monday. Prior to the interment a short service was held in St, Thomas's Church, conducted by the Revs. H, V, Pigot and W. Bracecamp. The chief mourners were Mr, H. Miller (son-in-law. Messrs. Andrew Rath- bone, Hornby Rathbone, and G. Wallington (brothers in-law), Messrs. William and Walter Dickin (Liver- pool), Mr. Pickton, Messrs, T. H. Rathbone, F. Rath- bone, A. Rathbone (jun.), and A. Rathbone (nephews) and Messrs. J. Critchley, gellor(Crewe),Miller (Gran- tham), F. Fennelly (Runcorn), U. Brown,E. Critchley T Wallington, and Albinson. Charity Organization Society. •

The -Provisional Committee appointed to Consider the question of charity organization and to confer with the representatives of the :carious local charities, met in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall on Monday afternoon. There were present—Alderman F. AV. Monks (chairman), Rev. Canon Willis, Rev. A. S. Cameron, Rev. James Davies, .Rev. J. Yonge, Rev iiather Wilson, Mr. A. Browne (Thewlis's Charity),Mr. G. R. Croslield, Mr. H. Taylor (Prison Gate Mission), Lady Greenall, Mrs. Clay, Mrs. J. A. Edelsten, Mrs. Wright (Ladies' Charity), and Miss L. Broadbent. Letters" were received from Mrs. Harrison. Mrs. James Fairclougli, Mrs. P. Rylands, Mr. F. A. White and Mr. Stott. Mr . Browne and Mr. Taylor said they considered.. the formation of the Charity Organization Society was not necessary. Mrs. Wright said the eases of the Ladies' Charity were investigated by the matron.. The Rev. J. Davies, who had experience of the society in Liver- -1)001, pointed out the value of having a register, for future refarence, of all cases investigated, and he and. the Rev. A. S. Cameron said they would warmly wel- come the establishment of the society in Warrington. The Rector spoke of the rapid increase of the popula- tion as a reason for the development of existing institu- tions, while Mr. G. R. Crlsfield, after ably stating the objects and methodS. of .the society, said that he considered the establishment of a committee, con- sisting of ministers of religion, doctors, employers a labour, representatives of charitable institution* and others interested in the work would be of great value. The work of investigation would entail the, services of a paid officer. He urged those presen not to let the opportunity pass, lint to decide on tho establishintit of the society. Mr. Crostield most generously stated that *ether than see the scheme fail he himself would guarantee the officer's salaryfor the,. first year. Lady Greenall asked if the present In- vestigation Society could be enlarged; and it w4s arranged that a deputation consisting of the Rev. A. S. Cameron, the Rev. James Davies, and Mrs. J. A. Edelsten shmild interview Mrs. Harrison and report to the next meet:ng. Miss Broadbent. read a letter from Mr. Mercer, secretary to the 131ackburn C. 0.5., stating the society was founded there after consider- abb opposition seven years ago. There were seventy ,nliscribers the first year, and the sum obtained was .:280, of which .i',loo was spent on organization- , Each year they had obtained more support and £1,200 now passed through their hands, of which .1:200 went to the maintenance of the office and agent.

WMaki) Go ta Ftxperieneed GRNIIRAL, who 04. t .k family three ladies ; ix) Washing.—Apply 2, Pohl'. OFFICE-AVENUE, eouttiport.

t 4/ ANTIW Strong With RS Housemaid, or one to train: Wages £lO to £l.2.—Mrs. HUMPHREYS, St. Thomas Vicarage, Hyde, near Manchester

(2 OMB GOOD BLACK liekhiltiUßGHS OOCKBRIMS and PULLUTS rt bale, and Plymouth Rock and Buff Orptugtous CocLerels ; good show birds; for price apply RvALN GARNER, Latham, near Orniskirk.

j4\Rlk SAMPLIL—New Patent HEALTH FILTBB and SPLASH. PIihVBNTBH, with Clip attached, cannot. blow tap ;made in brae; fit any size tap. Bend fourpence stamps to cover cost of packing, postage ttc., for free sample and particulars of Rotary woith 22 weekly, to THE NEW HE&LTII FILTER It ANTI-::PLA.811 CO , Blackburn.

,I ARNIM): LADIXB,OOIIFICSPONDIINT. —bead stamped , aadress tor particulars to Mrs. WILLWIY, Icier- grove. bbtftleld.

JOll3 &SON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

tiIRECIi POLISIERS,

STAI NE RS, & V ARNISIIERS, CABINIir MAKria, AND UPHOLSTERICIIS.

Mr. JOHN MSON hae been over 36 years with

Hobert Garnett and Sons, and 28 years as Foreman Polisher.

PRIVATE ADDRESS :-19, THYNNE-SURF2.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19030123_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
. . . ) • . ' . a . .• • .t - • "' ' ' - •••,,, . • - „ . . • . ,r , • . _._.• . . t., ' ,1-77.74- • , i .."..:6, s. ~ , .... . :: f_ • 4 ~....,-', ' (' ,; -• •• - ',O . - ... ,„. _., • ,-•,, . ' j• . ~„ ...... , e II * • ~ • • 4 • ; ' • -. . . , . •''' ' f ' .' '' .. - •••''' - ~--.7...- .4 f - /1••••• ---; '• •' ' i .• ' 4,••••.' ? •-'- ‘ •••• i 4 . 4414 .'41,....,,- '/1 4 -' , y r ‘..... ;. 1 ... ' • ' a ..' • , ' b I ' ''' ' .•_.?."-::::: -. ) t ,`•-•-rN •' . -''- - ' ''' - -. . '-, . ~' c. .4 - ......- it % - --'''-'"." '' ', : - - . --• • ' • ' *AP .-!. . ...._ _ . • .. • %. , ..- ; ''' i- . ' ''',. 4, • • . le . i - ---'------ --. • • --' _. 0. -. 111 - . . . ' . - - ..... ........._............

• A' "1

===== 0002601_19030123_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA INCREASING.

The Influenza Epidemic is again spreading over the Country. The visitation is of a very prostrating nature, and the disease is certainly on the increase. The origin of the disease or rather the circumstances which bring it about is as much a mystery as ever. You cannot trifle with Influenza. It undermines the Nervous System to a greater extent than almost any other disease, and it is Pneumonia that kills, and Pneumonia strikes the man who imagines he has only a mild form of Influenza, and can go about the street just as usual. It can hardly be doubted that the prevalence of Chest and Lung Complaints must be ascribed to the baneful influence .of Influenza, whose after-effects so frequently take this form. It was a bad day for this Country when this malignant scourge first visited our shores. Year after year it has never since failed to revive at its due time, and to extort its tribute of human life. Having observed its ravages, and its dreadful effects upon the constitution on the occasion of its former visits, we cannot but regard its recurrence with much fear, as a great many have not yet, if they over will,regain their former health. As a preventative, we know of nothing equal to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. A few strong doses taken in time have often provedeffectual in ward- ing off attacks of this Malady, and always succeed in mitigating their severity when a patient is under their influence. Do you suffer from Chills, alternating witty Sudden Flushes. Severe Head-ache, accompanied by difficulty of breathing, and symptoms of Catarrh, Pains in the Chest, under and between the shoulders, and a stiffness and soreness of the Muscles, Loss of Appetite and Nervousness. If you suffer from any of these symp- tom, know that they are the forerunners of influenza, and it behoves you to resort at once to a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. By common consent Patients everywhere admit that they feel more depressed and miser- able after an attack of Influenza than while under its influence, and more than they feel after an attack of 4itly other illness. The best way to banish these miser- able feelings is to take Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. We can strongly and confidently recommend this preparation, as it has treated severe eases of Influenza, Heavy Colds, Extreme Weakness, and Langour, with greater success than any other known Remedy. We may also add that as a Remedy for Indi- gestion, Sleeplessness, Low Spirits, Nervousness. and Loss of Appetite, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters stands uneValled. It is sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. Gd., by 1 Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or sent direct, carriage free, for the above prices, by the solo proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company Limited Llanelly, South Wales. Avoid imitations. See the name Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp, and Bottle.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

OLD FOLKS' TREAT.—The annual treat to the old people and widows of Penketh, Sankey, and District was held in the Wesleyan School on Friday last. First inaugurated in 1837, the institution has been upheld without a break since, and has long since exceeded the bArris of the original scheme.. .The subscribers are the people of the district, and they have the satisfaction of knowing that their bounty is fully appreciated by the old people, who discuss the great eveat for weeks before and afterwards. It is said that one old lady on leaving after one of the treats exclaimed in a hopeful tone, "Ah well, it's only 52 weeks awl then we'll have another one." This year several new names have been added to the ommittee, and their efforts last Friday show that the treat will not be allowed to fall behind any of its predecessors. This year 90 people tookadvantaga of the Invitation, and several others owing to ill health and other causes were unable to be present. A bus conveyed those who lived a distance away to the school and was in attendance afterwards to take them home again. A substantial tea was the first item of the proceedings, and tastefully prepared, the old people partook heartily, their wants being anticipated by a bevy of young ladies. After tea the people were accommodated with seats and a varied programme was gone through, the artistes being members of the Warrington Entertaining Society. The following are the names of the artistes :—Messrs. Ireland, Warburton Fieldhouse, Freeman and Kendrick; the latter giving a banjo solo. The laughing songs of Mr Mc Kerritt, and the humorous sketches of Mr. E. A. Saunders, were greatly appreciated, and Mr. J. Emson in his humorous songs was an especial favourite, A novel feature was Mr. Bickford's marionette show, and it quite took the fancy of the nadience. Mr. James Woodward also showed some entertaining views with his lantern, Mr. %V. Kendrick wtts the accompanist. Owing to the length of the pro- gramme, encores had to be dispensed with, though the old people were unstinted in their applause and appre- ciation. After the concert, the chairman of the com- mittee, Mr. George Thompson, addressed the gathering, and wished them . all a happy New Year. He wished to thank the subscribers for the generous way in which they had • supported the treat, and was sure the, old people had enjoyed themselves. There were many changes since he had been on the committee, and he was now the oldest member on it. He spoke feelingly of the absence, through death, and other cans s,of many familiar faces, but hoped those present would be able to be there again next year. H 9 then proposed a vote of thanks to the subscribers, the members o! the War- rington Entertaining Society, and the ladies who hafts° kindly taken charge of the tea. Mr. J. I. .Ambler seconded the proposition which was carried with ap- plause. A move - was then made to the other room. where a capital supper was spread. In leaving each lady was presented with a packet of tea, coffee and sugar, and the men received a pipe, and package of tobacco. Those unable to be present, would have their gifts sent on to their homes. Mr. Thompson remarked that there was a small surplus which would be distri- buted during the weather to relieve cases of distress in the district at the discretion of the committee. The committee this year is as follows :—Messrs. J. Thomp- son (chairman), R. Routledge (treasurer), Woolsten- croft, Ambler, Ireland, Hampson, Gorse, and R. Hough- ton, (hon. sec.) The tea was prepared by the following ladies :—Mesdames Owen, Woolstencroft, Clarke, Wig- field, Routledge, Hampson, Dumbill, Ireland, and Withenshaw, and Misses Tunstall, Houghton, Ambler, Gilbert, Dodds, and Owen, were in attendance ah the tables. Altogether the treat this year can be compared favourably with any throughout the country, and its popularity shows no sign of waning.

The trial of" Colonel "Lynch, M.P. for Galway, on a charge of high treason, opened on Wednesday in the bordChief Justices Court, with all the quaint formali- ties proper to so unusual a case. The prisoner was charged that being "movedand seduced by the instiga- tion of the devil,' he gave "aid and comfort to the King's enemies during the war." Evidence was glycol' of Mr. Lynch's connection with the Irish Boer Brigade.

Mr. Jtilian Ralph, the well-known American aiithor :mid journalist, died in New York on Tuesday night. Death was due to dropsy, brought on in the first instance by his experiences as a war correspondent in South Africa.

COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to " Kemp's Mercvntile Gazette," the number of New Bankruptcy Proceedings in England and Wales gazetted during the week ending January 17th, was 78. The number in the corresponding week of last year was 67, showing an increase of El, being a net °decrease in 1903, to date

===== 0002601_19030123_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNICIPAL TRADING. THE ADJOURNED COUNCII, MEETING.

A FRESH RESDLUTION CARRIED. An Inquiry by Accountants.

The municipal trading question was once more debated at the adjourned meeting of the Warrington Town Coun- cil which was held at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening. It will be remembered that the last monthly meeting was brought to an abrupt termination owing to the sudden illness of Councillor Baird. At the time, the Council was engaged in discussing a motion by Alder- man Monks with regard to the proposed inquiry into the trading transactions of the Corporation, but no vote was taken. There was a large assembly of the general public at the meeting on Tuesday, although the attend- ance was not quite as large as on previous occasions, this being due to the fact that in order to prevent overcrowd- ing only a limited number were admitted.- The Mayor's appeal to the audience to refrain from audible expres- sions of their feelings had the desired effect, the de- bate being followed quietly but with none the less in- terest. After considerable discussion an amendment proposed by Councillor Trstitox was carried with one or two alterations, but Councillor PF.MBERTON inti- mated that the form of inquiry resolved upon would not be acceptable to the Non-Trading Committee. It was ten minutes to eight when the meeting terminated. The members and officials of the Council present were :—The Mayor (presiding), Aldermen Francomb, Hutchinson, Monks and Smethurst; Councillors Burton, Bennett, Brophy, Burton,- Davies, Duncan, John Evans, Ellison, Hulse, Lord, Peacock, Pemberton, Pierpoint, J. Roberts, F. R. Roberts, William Roberts, Rogers, Tinnion, Upson, and Wilkinson; Messrs. J. Lyon , Whittle (Town Clerk), S. Wilson (deputy-Town Clerk), and J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer). i The resolution by Alderman Monks read as follows: i —"That the resolution proposed by Mr. Councillor I Dodds, and passed at.the last meeting of the Council, ,be and is hereby rescinded. That in order to give an 1 opportunity for investigating the charges recently uncle as to the trading that has taken placebetweer the Cor- poration and members of the Council during the three years ending 9th November, 1901, a County Court judge or other qualified legal gentleman of equal standing, be selected and appointed by the Mayor, in consultation I with the Town Clerk, to inquire into and report upon any charges submitted to him by the Municipal Non- Trading Association or any ratepayer of the borough." THE MAYOR REQUESTS SILENCE FROM THE

PUBLIC. COUNCILLOR BAIRD'S ILLNESS. THE QUESTION OF THE TRIBUNAL.

At t'ne outset the MAYOR said :--Before commencing the p •oceelings I would very briefly refer to the sad inciaoat which interrupted our meeting this day fort- night when Councillor Baird was overcome by the heated atmosphere and the protracted sitting. I am very glad to know that he is very much betterand I am sure we all 'wish that he may soon be restored to health and be able to resume his place at our Council and committee meetings. (Hear, hear.) While on this subject I would earnestly impress upon our friencLs,the public, to abstain from giving expression to their feelings of either approval or disapproval, as the case may be, of the pro- ceedinri's of the Council. We are very pleased that the ratepayers and the public generally, should take an intelligent interest in our proceed- ings, but there it must end. I would also beg our friends, the reporters, to ignore any accidental expressions of - satisfaction, or the reverse, that may be indulged in at the back of the room, for it is not supposed to be heard, and if it comes to my ears might be under the painful necessity of asking those who indulge in it to leave the room. With regard to the resolution on the agenda, I should like to say that the suggestion of giving to me and the Town Clerk the responsibility of choosing a gentleman to superintend the proposed inquiry, did not emanate from me, and was not even known to me before it was pat on the notice paper. And t may say it is a responsi- bility I should hesitate to accept unless with the advice. assistance, and concurrence of the General „Purposes Committee, or any other committee the Council maysee fit to appoint for that purpose. I think that when our last meetin!; broke up Councillor Pemberton was speak- ing, and I will, therefore, invite him to resume his discourse.

COUNCILLOR PEMBERTON REPLIES TO ALDERMAN MONKS.

WHY' THE RESOLUTION IS NOT ACCEPTABLE TO THE NON-TRADERS.

Councillor PEMBKRTON then commenced the discus- sion. Quoting from Alderman Mon!cs' speech he said the Alderman remarked that he would have agreed to, and welcomed a fair and reasonable inquiry, and he chargedthe Non-Trading Association with being alone responsible for the failure of not having an inquiry at the end of 1001 or early last year. Considering the Non- Trading Association were not _represented on that Council,he failed to see how Alderman Monks could charge them with failing to obtain that inquiry. Several Cenncillors brought resolutions forward, but Alderman Monks did not do so, and he (Councillor Pemberton) had not noticed his name in the reports as supporting very vigorouslyan inquiry inany form whatever. There fore he thought his remarks in that respect were quite uncalled for. Alderman Monks recognised, as he told them in his speech, that this trading was wrong so long as nine years ago. Yet he did not make any vigorous attempts to put it down in the Council chamber. It was only with regard to himself and his firm. He (Councillor Pemberton) considered Alderman Monks had a duty to perform to the public because at that time, irregalar trading was going on. In fact by inquiries which had been held in the Council Chamber he thought it had been conclusively proved to the public that irregularities had gone on. One glaring case was that of the Warrington Electric Light and Power Company, when a tender was let for £7OO without being advertised for. That was against the standing orders of the Council but Alderman Monks did not bring the matter before the Council. Alderman Monks went on to say that "other members of the Council have held the same opinions in regard to this trading question, notably the members of the Finance Committee. This was the one committee which could do more to deal with improper trading than any other, and I must say my colleagues have, in my opinion, risen to the occasion, and before the Municipal Non-trading Association was formed, or its promotors were heard of in Warrington, the committee had anticipated and taken active steps to, improve the situation. Let me point, out, however, there• was no public opinion on this ques- tion until after thedisclosures in Manchester in October and November, 1900, and in the absence of .such a strong opinion as now undoubtedly exists, it -was very diffi- cult for the Finance Committee to take a strong line without running the risk of possible misunderstaadings with the committees and members concerned. To have taken any step or adopted any course of action likely to leail to such a result did not, appear to us likely to help or facilitate the general business of the Corporation, and so, at the risk of the work taking longer to complete, the Finance Committee thought it better to try and bring about the reform by quieter methods. By a word here; a suggestion there, occasionally referring accounts back again with recommendations, and gentle but steady pressure all round, the committee had brought about such reforms as to put matters upon Ault I still think, and (,•ttn only describe as a satisfactory footing. So that when the disclosures were made in Manchester we could congratulate ourselves on having already accomplished what Manchester then found it necessary to do." Continuing, the speaker said that other members of the Council went further than Alderman Monks. Councillor Bennett,as Mayor's anditor,made a report, and he would call to mind the bitter attacks that Councillor Bennett had had to stand in that Council Chamber, with very few supporters indeed. With regard to Manchester, however, Alderman Monks's opinion was that it was not necessary to hold an inquiry because he held that they had already accomplished in 1900 what Manchester had done. That was a most surprising statement to be made in that Coun- cil Chamber. It was since then that these disclosures had come out and since then that trading by councillors privately and through limited companips had been exposed. Then, again, Manchester did notlave Council meetings like they had, and rescind a resolution which had been carried in a perfectly legal manner. Man- chester was a long way in front of Warrington in that respect, because without any outside pressure, when a charge was made, a committee of inquiry was immedi- ately appointed to inquire into the charge, and if those charges were proved, in some eases even if the offence was not illegal, but improper, members hadhad to retire, although legallyithey were not compelled to do so. The law was not different in Warrington to what it was in other places, but the feeling in Manchester was that a member who traded with the Council should no longer act as a members of the Corporation. (A voice: Not correct.) Alderman Monks had said that the principle was the same with regard to a thousand pounds as it was with regard to a pettily, in a sense it was, but yet there was a big lot of difference. For instance, if while walking in a lane he (the speaker) had cut a rough walking stick out of the hedge it would be stealing, but he did not suppose he would bearrested. That, however, was very different front a man who brought a lurry and cut down seven or eight trees worth £3OO. According to Alder- man Monks' argument the man would say, " You must not look at me, see what Pemberton has done. He has cut a stick out of the hedge. The principle is the same, von must first prosecute him." (Laughter.) What the Non-Traders had aimed at Was not so much the small trader with a few shares, but those companies th,st, had been specially formed to trade with the Corporation. The Non-Traders did not hesitate to say that companies had been specially formed for that purpose, but the members of the Council who participated in the ad- vantages of those companies said to other members of ' the Council—and the statement applied to the Mayor himself—that they (the other members) were in just the same boat, although they had only a small holding in a company, because the principle was just the same. It was vary nice and comfortable for them to think that, and such contentions gained them a certain amount of support—support which they were all craving for. They wanted every atom of support they could get,and there- 7 fore they wished to drag people into the agitation who

===== 0002601_19030123_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, January 23, 1903.

had never been mentioned. Alderman Monks,continuing, said: "It is, however, contended that the return of Mr. Dodds and Mr. Pemberton is evidence of the ratepayers' desire that an inquiry should he held. While I do not admit this is so, because only a small proportion of the ratepayers were directly appealed to, 1 may be wrong in my opinion." He (Councillor Pemberton) thought that was a very misleading statement because more than half of the electorate were appealed to. The majorities secured were such as had never been recorded before in the wards contested. What more did Alderman Monks want!. There were two old sayings; "There are none so blind as those who won't see, and none so deaf as those who won't hear." (Laughter). It seemed to him that those sayings were applicable to some members of the Council. The Alderman also alluded to the " vague statements and insinuations that had been flying around for which the Non-Trading Association WaS responsible." He con- tended that they had made definite statements in all conscience. He (Councillor Pemberton) had made the most definite charges in public against certain members of the Council. He did not know what Alderman Monks wanted; it passed his (the speaker's) comprehension. Alderman Monks also remarked that he felt so much solicitudeas to the past was out of place, and too mach like trying to lock the stable door after the horse was stolen. Continuing Councillor Pemberton said that stable was a very large one and held a great many horses,and what the public wanted to know was how many horses had been stolen and who had stolen them, so that they would be able to take care and protect themselves in the future. Yet Alderman Monks told theinalmost in the same breath that he believed there was nothing to inquire into, and asked where the line was to be drawn in regard to trading. - Let them have a full and com- plete inquiry and leave it to the public to draw the line. If Alderman Monks was sincere in saying thathe wanted all improper trading by any members exposing, there was nothing inconsistent in supporting Councillor Dodds' motion. Councillor F. R.Roberts had said that he wanted to avoid being made a fool of. He did not know what, Councillor Roberts meant. Another point which ,Councillor Roberts took up,was that the motion stated that witnesses could give evidence on oath. He pointed out that this could not be compelled. That, however, was not making a fool of the Couecillor as the motion stated "on oath or otherwise." C.nincillor F. R. Roberts also.stated that the tribunal had nep.iwer to examine the books. If people would not come for, ward with the books, however, the public would know what construction to place upon their conduct. Coun- cillor Roberts went on to threaten the members that if charges were made against him at the inquiry the persons making them would be Served with writs within 21hours. He (the speaker) had never referred to the question of the writs before, but Councillor Roberts had done SO on two occasions in that Chamber. All he could say was that. ha would not change places with Councillor Roberts if he had the chance that day. As for threaten- ing to serve anyone who brought charges against him with writs, if. on inquiry they (the Non-Traders) found there were any charges to be in ide, they would not hesitate to bring them, in spite of threats of writs: With regard to the insinuations of" shady. things" it was well known in the town that Councillor F. R. Roberts's brother made the observations about them at a meeting. (Councillor W. Roberts: No.) It was a curious thing that at the last meeting when the Mayor said he thought there had been no trading during the past twelve months, Councillor F. R. Roberts immediately rushed to fall in with that view. Coun- cillor Roberts complained that they did not give him credit for what he had done,Courrillor Roberts had not done much. He had attended only one meeting of the Museum Committee last year. The Non-Traders had been done a great deal of injury by members who said their (Non-Traders) motives were those of personal animus. It had been his (Councillor Pemberton's) unfortunate duty to have to charge several members of the Council with trading, but it had not been a ques- tion of personal animus. Alderman Sutton had always been very fr e idly with hini,'n fact in ire thin once he had gone out of his way to do him (the speaker) personal favours, so that he thought once and for all the personal animus argument ought to be knocked in the head. It was a matter of principle with the non-traders and many times it had been painful to have to make charges against people one knew. At the same time if they did not treat all alike they would lay themselves open to the charge of favouring some and not others. He should advise Councillor F. R. Roberts if he did not wish to have anything to do with the inquiry to retire from the Council and enjoy those quiet hours in his billiard room that he had talked about in one of his speeches. ( Laughter.) He (Councillor_ Pemberton) was sorry the Mayor took the position he did at the last meeting because his Worship stood high above any insinuations that could possibly be cast out by anybody. His position when he became Mayor and the number of shares he had were well-known by the Non-Trading Committee !awl by almost every person in the town. He (the speaker) was sorry that the Mayor had thought it his duty to give expression to the opinions he did at the last meeting. it put the Non-Traders -in an awkward position. Of course he was not surprised in a sense. Being surrounded as his Worship was by a .great many of those Aldermen and Councillors wht had been trading with the Corpora- ! .tion—(Cries of "Is that fair"?), to a certain extent it • was bound to influence his judgment. It came as a great surprise to the Non-Traders that there should be any motion to rescind Councillor Dodds' resolution which wis carried at the lest meeting but one. He had made inquiries and he beli wed it was a most unusual thing. Even sometimes in important matters involving an expenditure of thousands of pounds— The Ma.voit:' That matter his been disposed of. The Towa Medi tells me it is not competent to re-open it. The matterfof rescinding has been already decided upon. Councillor PEMBERTON, continuing, said the Non- Traders were charged with driving manufacturers out o Warrington. He knew t) h's sorrow from personal observationsthat it was not the agitation which was driving them out ;it was the high rates. He did not suppose they had driven anyone out with the exception of Lever Brothers but it Stopped manufacturers from coming in. He (the speaker) could have sold land for two very large works, had it not been for the very high rates of Warrington. The Non-Traders were also told that they would drive the best men off the Council. It was said that self praise was no recommendation, but be thought he was entitled to say that the Non-Trading members would compare favourably with the members they had displaced. As there had never been a vacancy in the Council which had not been very readily filled he did not think it was fair to say that they would not be able to get the best men" to come forward whoa they were required. The MAYOR: I don't like to interrupt you, but this is hardly discussing the question. It is going very wide of the mark.

..... Councillor PEM BERTON : lam only answering what Alderman Monks said in his speech. Alderman -Monks covers all this ground. Continuing, he said that as Alderman Monks went into the question and made all these charges, he thought it was only fair that he should answer them. Alderman MONKS: I did not refer to the matter, as far as I know. _ .

Councillor PEM BERTON concluded by siying that the Non-Traders had very carefully considered Alderman Monks' resolution, and they could not see their way to accept it, because they did .not consider it would be a full, complete, and, searching investigation which would bring to light all the irregular and illegal trading which had been carried on during the past six years. COUNCILLOR TINNION'S COUNTER PROPOSAL. CARRIED BY SEVENTEEN VOTES TO FIVE. Conncillor TENSION, in rising to propose an amend- ment to the resolution of Alderman Monks, said he wished to thank the Warrington newspapers—the " Guardian," "Examiner," and "Observer "—for their very kindly criticism of his amendment, and giving the ratepayers an opportunity of weighing and examining the amendment by inserting it in their columns on Saturday last. If he did not see his way to accept the suggestions that were conveyed in the editorial remarks of those papers, probably he would be able to show that he had reasonable grounds for not accepting them. He had decided to make some slight alterations, -not in the general principle, but in some of the particulars of his amendment. The amendment he now proposed was as follows: " That the Municipal Non-Trading Committee be authorized to appoint a chartered accountant to ex- amine the accounts, books, vouchers and documents of the Corporation for the five years ending October 31st, 1901, and that he shall have a right to examine any officials, servants .or workmen of the Corporation with reference to all trading with the Corporation by members of the Council,either as principals or partners, or through limited companies in which they have been or are shareholders, or whether the trading has been done direct or indirect or as contractors or sub-con- tractors, during the said five years. Provided that at the end of three months the Mayor shall appoint a county court judge or other legal gentleman of equal standing to inquire into any illegal or immoral trading which as the result of the aforesaid investigation may be found to have taken place. That the Municipal Non-Trading Committee and any member of the Council or ex-member may be represented by solicitor or coun- sel at the said inquiry, who shall have the right to ex- amine or cross-examine any witness and have access to all documents. The cost of the investigation to be paid out of the rates. The cost of the inquiry to be left to the absolute discretion of the presiding authority." His object in moving the amendment was that there should be an opportunity afforded of coming to some definite conclusion. This matter was of the utmost importance to the town and the Council, and it was de- sirable they should attempt to got rid of it that evening entirely. (Hear, hear). Alderman Monks' motion pro- vided for a tribunal only, and they knew the Non- traders would not prefer charges. Therefore he (the speaker) was proposing the amendment in the hope that he would be allle not only to reconcile the Non-traders stet the ratepayers, and satisfy them too. Alderman Monks's, investigation—afterwards called an inquiry— would not be satisfactory and would not be accepted. It had been declined by the Non-traders. In his present motion he had endeavoured to provide for an investiga- tion first of all, and an inquiry afterwards into the findings of the investigation. He fixed the limit of the investigation to three months. The tribunal would carry with it that which an investigation would not, namely the re- sponsibility of proof; also it would investigate or inquire into, not only what they might find in their present investigation, but also be open to inquire into what had

been previously stated during the agitation, in the newspapers and in the non-traders advertising circular. So far as he was concerned, under no circumstances would he vote for a resolution that provided for an inquiry after the 31st October, 1901. (Hear, hear,) That was the time in which the Mayor had been elected. His Worship had distinctly and specially vouched, that during his tern of otfice, after attending many meet- ings, and making many inquiries and investigations, he was satisfied that nothing of an objectionable, or im- moral, or illegal nature had taken place. He had further ; said that if the Council decided to accept that portion of Couileillor Dodds' resolution that would carry the ' agitation beyond the 31st October, 1901, he should reeonsider his position. He was not going to inquire as to why the Meyor had taken that position but having taken it, it was sufficient that he (Councillor Tinnion) was not going to be a party to pass a vote of censure on the Mayor. If it was proposed that they should pass a vote of censure on the conduct of the present Mayor, there would not be a single men who would support it. (Hear, hear.) They would notice by his amendment that the Non-Traders had the absolute control of the appointment of the chartered accountant. Ho thought it was only reasonable that as they would be to some extent, in fact, altogether responsible for their chartered accountant's report, they should have the sole choice of his selection. The time he intended to give for the investigation was three months, and at the end of that time they would have got over that portion of his suggestion and come to the tribunal. He had bean to some pains! to try and find out what was the legal meaning of the ward inquiry. Most people mixed it up. Alderman Monks started off by talking of an investiga- tion and then about a tribunal and inquiry, and Coun- cillor Dodds did the same thing. Then the " Warring- I ton :Examiner" in its endeavour to improve on his resolution—he did not say it did not sue- I ceed—started off with the suggestion that I the Municipal Non-Trading Committee be author- ised to appoint an accountant who would be empowered to examine the accounts' books, vouchers and any other documents of the Corporation, and further down they stated that "such inquiry and examination to be completed within six months, &c." Fron the reading of ,this it would naturally be assumed that the newspaper in question had mentioned an " inquiry " in the previous part of the resolution, but that was not so. He only drewattentionto these cases ' to show the difficulty of drawing up a resolution that would meet all the circumstances of the case. He was rather inclined to think that many of them had failed to diffentiate between an 'inquiry" and an "investigation." An inquiry was a court in which both sides could be heard. An investi- gation—such as he was prepared to grant in the first place—would allow the!Non-Traders to have entirely their own way. The investigation would be conducted by the Non-Traders, but this was where the crucial 1 difference lay between himself and the Non-Traders. He could not for the life of him see that it was right for those who investigated to be also the judge,jury.and the • accusers. (Hear, hear.) If his resolution were passed he took it that at the close of the investigation, they would have a court presided over by a legal authority, , who would have the right to conduct an inqulry accord- ing to the usual usages. Everyone would be represented. The Non-Traders would be represented, the Town Council , would be represented—through their Town Clerk, he 1 took it—and those who were accused would be repre- sented. The latter was a point that seemed to have been , lost sight of. He had to provide that the accused also , should be heard and represented professionally, and also that any ex-member of the Council who might be. ' brought into the question should also be represented. Some people had asked him why he proposed to combine the two—an investigation and an inquiry. The reason was that he wished to provide for all contingencies. He was,not going to be in the position that After having an investigation it might be found desirable and necessary to have an inquiry. It had been said that after ,an • investigation the thing would be complete. He was rather inclined to think that it would, and after the in- ; vestigation part had been held by the chartered account- ant,the Non-Traders would have come to the conclusion that they had made a good deal more of it than there : was any justification for. He wanted to provide then that full justice should be done, and that accused, accusers, and ratepayers should be equally satisfied. It had been suggested that it might be sufficient that this investigation should report to the Council. He had had some experience of an investigation that ! reported to that Council, and he thought it was not ; likely having that experience, and after the mis-state- ' ments and misrepresentations that had followed it, that he was going to enentirage another investigation by members to report to that Council. There was an investigation. The report was printed with the Coun- cil proceedings and furnished to the members of that Council. Many hard things had teen said of that report and, therefore, he did not think the fact of reporting to the Connell would have the confidence of the public. He was; however, open at any time to defend the report of the committee to which he referred,- but he did not • think it would be desirable to again trust to any investi- gati oes He believed that the appointment of this judge by I worship the Mayor,at any rate, be would one point upon which alj would be agreed. He thought that the Mayor represented not only the members of that Council, but also all sections of the community of Warrington— (Liear, hear)—and that any selection that he might make would have the full approval of the majority of the , ratepayers, and he would appoint a man to take this in- quiry who would have the confidence of everyone. (Rear, hear.) It would be every important tribunal or ' inquiry. Not only were the characters of members of the Town Council at stake, but also the reputation of the town of Wirrington. Therefore they needed something more than an investigation. He might be told that it was not so much a question of illegal as immoral trading, arid that being a question almost purely of immoral trading, an accountant or three or four accountants would be fit and proper persons to pass an opinion as to what would be moral and what would he immoral. If it yeas thought the accountants were capable, surely then the judge or equal authority ap- pointed having the benefit of the investigation by the acconntant, hnvig sat and heard all the evidence, and after having the opportunity of examining that report would be More capable of saying what was immoral. Then with regard to the question a costs and the question whether the whole of the costs should be borne out of the rates, it had been suggested that a sum should be fixed. He was quite prepared to leave to the Non- Trading Committee the spending of a reasonable sum of money so that without cntting or carping they might provide an accountant who would be above suspicion. The judge should determiue, however, who should pay the costs of the inquiry, and if he was capable of decid- • ing the other question he was surely capable of decid- ing this. If he said the whole should go out of the rates, and that these people had been guilty of the "crimes "imputed to them and that, therefore, they should pay, the question would be settled. It might happen In the circumstances that some who were ac- cused wrongly, would be put to cost, and it would be hardly fair for a man Whose character was wrongly tra- duced to have to defend himself out of his own pocket. The costs would be very heavy, but the ratepayers had demanded an inquiry and he did not know which form they , exactly wanted. -He did not know whether they preferred his proposal or that put forward by Councillor Dodds. But he claimed that his suggestion was as likely as any to fit in with the idea of the man in the street and the average ratepayer. They had de- manded a full investigation that would have the approval and confidence of everyone in the town. He would urge that, whatever the cost might be, they should have the satisfaction of knowing that everything was fair and square and above-board, that. everyone should have the opportunity of bearing it, and he earnestly appealed to every member of the Council to come to a fair con- clusion, putting aside all temper and bias and prejudice and pass such a resolution as Would put an end to that unfortunate business, and get rid of a matter that was a standing menace of the true interests of the town, a matter that was destroying the foundations of public life and which was a scandal that demanded their honest and immediate attention. jApplause.) The MAYOR said he thought Councillor Tinnien's ex- pression was rather strong when he said that he (the Mayor) had vouched for every transaction in committee. What he did say was that he had attended all the com- mittees more or lessaind on every committee he attended he found everything- straightforward and correct, and satisfied himself that everything had beeit properly con- ducted. (Hear, hear.) Councillor TISNION said that he understood the Mayor had said that if they inquired into the trading during his mayorality he would have to reconsider his position as Mayor. The MAYOR said his proposition was that if he was asked to submit to an inquiry with respect to the trad- ing of the Corporation during his Mayoralty he would not do sons Mayor. Councillor WILKINSON seconded the amendment. THE FIRST VOTING.

• Councillor F. R. ROBERTS suggested that the Council might vote upon the first part of Alderman Monks' proposition, namely that Councillor Dodds' resolution should be rescinded. Councillor PEACOCK pointed out that the Council had already passed a resolution that an inquiry should be held embracing the six years prior to November 1902. Alderman MONKS said he had no objection to the suggestion of Councillor F. B. Roberts, on the under- standing that he did not wish to see Councillor- Dodds' r esolution rescinded and then no further action taken. Councillor TINNION said he would not be a partylto getting rid of Councillor Dodds' motion, and then shelving the matter. • • Councillor JOHN RonEnTs.said that in view of the remarks of the Mayor at the last Council meeting, he would like to know whether the period of the Mayor's Mayoralty was included in Mr. Dodds' motion. if so he was not going to vote on it. The TOWN CLERK : It is "that an inquiry should be held." Councillor BENNETT said if they adopted Councillor F. R. Roberts's suggestion and passed the resolution separately it would seem that Councillor Dodds would be precluded from moving his resolution again. The TOWN CLERK Said any member would have the right to propose any other resolution afterwards. The Mayor then put the proposition to the meeting: —" That the resolution proposed by Mr. Councillor Dodds and passed at the last meeting of the Council be, and is hereby rescinded." •

===== 0002601_19030123_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
The voting was as follows : EOR Alderman Fairelough. _ _ .

AGAINST Councillor Bennett. ft Hulse. ft Upson. 29 Pemberton. „ Lord.-5.

ff Monks. Smethurst. Fra.ucomb. „ Hutchinson Councillor P R Roberts. ff Tinnion. . ff Burton. Peacock. John Evans. 99 W. Roberts, ~ Duncan. Ellison. ft During the division, Councillor PIERPOINT said he was sorry to interrupt the,proceedings. He was told by Mr. Councillor Tinnion that if he voted against the rescinding of Councillor Dodds' motion that it would be taken by the Mayor that he was in some degree, either directly or indirectly, censuring the Mayor's conduct. The MAvok thought the division had better take place. After the division which resulted in the rescinding of Councillor Dodds' resolution, Councillor JOHN ROBERTS said he was in the same position as Councillor Pierpoint upon the matter. The MAYOR: As long as Councillor Dodds' resolu- tion was on the minutes of the Council I felt myself precluded from attending any committee meetings. Councillor JOHN ROBERTS said he only expected what was right and fair, andat all the meetings he had at- tended during the five years he had been on the Coun- cil he had never seen anything unfair take place. (Hear, hear). • Councillor F. R. ROBERTS: Nor anyone else. COUNCILLOR BENNETT SPEAKS OUT.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TOWN INJURED BY THE AGITATION.

. Councillor BENNETT said he would like to explain one or two points to make his attitude perfectly clear. He believed the agitation had done the town. of Warrington an immense amount of harm. Outside manufacturers had been prevented from comity, to the town, and also others who might have established themselves, largely owing to its ill name, as the result of this agitation. He did not think it was due to high rates,because the rates were not specially high. If they compared the rates of Warrington with those of other towns, they would find that Warrington compared favourably with many of them. When they considered the immense respon- sibility which devolved upon them of making the old portion of the town, into a new one and an antiquated town into an up-to-date one, then he thought the rates were not extravagant or unnecessarily high. On the other hand, so much abuse had been hurled at their heads that they had got a bad name. Some of the things which their friends had urged,wrire the very kind of instance, there to induce people to stay away. For there were the misleading statements with regard to the bank overdrafts and the state of their debt. There was nothing alarming about them. The overdraft was a matter of pure business and they knew that their assets exceeded their debts by a large amount. When they came to investigate the charges, they resolved themselves into thin air and he did not suppose there wasanother town in Lancashire which had got such a bad name as Warrington. Councillor TINNION : Blackpool. (Laughter.) Councillor BENNETT . I daresay Blackpool has been as unjustly stigmatised as Warrington. (Hear, hear.) Continuing, Councillor Bennett said the towri had suffered from this kind Of thing long enough. He thought they ought to bring it to an end. In order to' do that,they must have a full, complete, and searching investigation. As to Mr. Dodds' resolution he I did not think it was necessary to raise all i the objections which were raised. (Hear, hear.) I He did not think the resolution was such an I unreasonable one. Personally he preferred Councillor Tinnion's resolution. Perhaps it was more business- I like, but there was a good deal to be said in favour of ' Councillor Dodds, and he did not think it deserved all the criticism and misconstruction which those who opposed it had alleged in regard to it. He did not think the Non-Traders intended to nominate two of their own members. He believed they were sensible and business- like enough to get outside business representatives' and if they were chosen with discretion they might get two I men eminently qualified for the position. With regard I to the suggested two representatives of the Council he would never suggest that two members of the Council I should sit on the tribunal, but two suitable men might I be appointed on each side. Councillor F. R. RonEirrs said the Non-Traders would ' vote twice on the question if they also voted in the I Council. Councillor BENNETT : That is only a quibble. If the Nn-traders had named their men it would have been I better. Continuing, Councillor Bennett said his only , objection to Councillor Dodds' resolution was that the inquiry should be composed of five persons. He thought three would be sufficient. If the parties to the dispute exercised their privileges reasonably he did not see why the inquiry need be unfair in any degree whatever. He did not think for instance that the Non-Traders would appoint Mr. Norbury-Williams. Councillor LORD: He would not act. Councillor BENNETT : I did not suppose he would. Continuing Councillor Bennett expressed the opinion that the tribunal suggested by Councillor Dodds might be a very reasonable one indeed. Councillor Tinnion said he wanted to bring, the matter to a conclusion, but if the Non-Traders would not accept his resolution, they would not be a bit forrader. Councillor PEA COCK: They don't want it. Councillor BENNETT said the great majority of Non-tra- ders' charges had been exivmerated,and their attitude extremely unfair. During 'his nine years connection with the Council he had seen very little indeed that he should regard as dishonest. There 'tight have been occasional minor defects, but he believed that the deal- ings of the Corporation had been broadly and substan- tially all that could be possible under the circumstances that governed so large an undertaking. That did not make him fight shy of the proposed investigation; it rather made him court it. He wanted an inquiry. He wanted to havq his character cleared and the characters of his colleagues cleared, and the way to do it was not to throw obstacles in the way but let them inquire as much as they liked. (Hear; hear). ANOTHER VIGOROUS SPEECH_BY COUNCILLOR

F. R. ROBERTS. TWO ACCOUNTANTS REQUIRED.

Councillor F. R. ROBERTS said he should like to say with regard to certain expressions which had fallen from Councillor Bennett, that if Councillor Bennett thought that to give the Non-Trading Committee two votes in the appointment of the tribunal was fair and ; just, his sense of fairness and justice did not commend itself to him at all. Councillor Bennett's own case was typical of the injustice and the unfairness with which the entire agitation had been conducted. Councillor Bennett might very well take this comfort to his soul —that he would be dealt with fairly and squarely by the tribunal, but he (Councillor Roberts) could not take that view because although Councillor Bennett was quite US much,a so-called trader with that Council as he (Councillor Roberts) had ever been, and rather more so, Councillor Bennett's name had never been mentioned in connection with the inquiry. Councillor Bennett's sense of the fairness and justice of those gentlemen might be a very large element, but he (Councillor Roberts) had not the same reason for it,and, therefore, he was much more anxious to guard and protect himself from anything in the nature of bad faith and improper and unfair dealings with members whose names had been dragged again and again through the mud—whose names were once held to be honourable but were now almost a byword in the town, and who were just as conscious of uprightness, fairness, and honesty as he was and any member of the Non-trading Committee could be. (Hear, hear.) He had pointed out again and again to the Cor- poration and the public that his sole interest in com- panies trading with the Corporation was a matter of £5O. That he could prove and had proved in a. court of law. He had never attended any committee that had given his company any contracts, and he had never said a word in furthering the interests of his company in the Coun- cil. That he had proved to the hilt, and what more could a man do? He had satisfied one of his ; Majesty's justices of the truth of what be said. In spite of that his name wa .still dragged forth, he was still charged with obloquy and he was still treated with contempt as though he was it robber or a thief. Naturally his gorge rose when charges were made against him and it was grossly unjust that men who made those charges should say, "sow we will choose the tribunal, and if you won't accept our judges we will have no judges at all." All he could say was that he (Councillor Roberts) would never submit to such an inquiry, and he was quite pre- pared to accept Councillor Pemberton's suggestion and resignhis seat on the Council and adopt whatever inde- pendent course might commend itself to his judgment. He should take independentaction in the matter if any- thing so grossly unfair as that which he had mentioned was perpetrated. Although he agreed with the bulk of the amendment there was one clause which in his opin- ion, vitiated it entirely, but if Councillor Tinnion could see his way to embody the suggestion he had just made to him he would support him. While on that point he would like to say—and he was sure the Mayor would bear him out—that the suggestion that that inquiry should not proceed beyond November 1901 (lid not emanate from any so-called trader in that Council, whose name had so frequently been before the public, but that It was entirely due . to the Mayor's suggestion, and they had simply in loyalty to him supported it. (Hear, hear.) it was not fair for the local papers, one of them at all events, and members of that Council to suggest for one moment that anything that had the appearance of avoid- ing the inquiry should have been suggested by the men ' whose names had been dragged forward. It was not fair; it was not right ; it was not true. Councillor Tinnion said that that investigation would be conducted by a chartered accountant to be appointed by the Non- Trading Committee. That repeated all the weakness which vitiated Councillor Dodds' resolution. (Hear, hear.) What did it mean ? That that chartered accountant (and from his knowledge of chartered accountants in genera] they were an uprightand honour: able body of men, but just as there were black sheep in the legal fold, so no doubt there were black sheep in the accountant. fold) might possibly be the instrument of the Non-Tiading Committee to carry out what he had always regarded as their persecution. What would prevent such a man from accepting any list of traders and any list of crimes which might be put into his mouth by the Non-Trading Committee and pre-

senting that list to the judge for investigation? (A voice: Public opinion). That was all very well, but if the man was going to take the list supplied to him by the Non-trading Committee, if the Council were to be precluded from naming any other members of the Council who were members of limited companies,which had traded with the Corporation, if the County Court judge was to be confined to the examination of charges made by the accountant and put into his mouth by the Non-Trading Committee, they had got the . evil which was embodied in Councillor Dodds's resolution magnified 20-fold. He wanted it to be an instruction that the accountant should not present the cases which he thought ought to ' be investigated by the judge, but that he should report to the Council the names of all members who were con- nected as shareholders—it did not matter to what amount—and officials with limited companies trading with the Corporation. Surely if it was immoral for him (Councillor Roberts) to trade with the Corporation As a member of a limited companyit was immoral for Councillor Bennett or anybody else. Therefore he said that all the names, without fear or favour ought to be and must be presented. If that were not done they would have a one-sided report which wduld simply include the men whose names had been so fre- quently brought before the public. They, and they alone, would be brought before the judge, and although they might clear their character it should be remembered that prevention is better than cure, and the men whose names have been left out of the inquiry would be in another infinitely better position in popular opinion than the men whose names had been included,but who had been able to clear their tharacters front thecharges brought against them. For his own part, he would in- finitely rather prefer to be in the position of being left alone than to go before the court and clear his character not because he feared he could not do it, but because it was far better to be left out altogether than to have to clear one's character. He thought that would appeal to every fair-minded man. If Councillor Tinnion would amend his resolution so that two accountants should be appointed, one to repre- sent the Non-Trading Committee and one to represent the Council—(hear, hear)—then he would be very much in favour of supporting it, and he thought it would meet every case that could possibly be brought for- ward. It would be fair to all sides. It should also be an instruction to the accountant to present the nanics of any members who could be proved to be members of limited companies trading with the Corporation.' The resolution was amended to provide that one accountant should be appointed by the Non-Trading Committee and one by the Mayor on behalf of the Council. Councillor TINNION said he did not claim that that was the most perfect resolution that could be trained, and if in the opinion of the Council, Councillor F. R. Roberts' suggestion would be an improvement he was quite prepared to adopt it. The seconder of the amend- ment had agreed to that.

COUNCILLOR PIERPOINT'S OPINION OF THE AMENDMENT.

Councillor PIERPOINT said they now had something I definitely to put before the Council. He was exceed- ingly sorry that Councillor Dodds was quite unable to be present. He expressed Councillor Dodds' regret, although he was not authorised to speak for him in any shape or form. He would like to have traversed a great deal of what was said at the last meeting, but he wished to avoid personalities because he was anxious to get the matter out of the way. They had rescinded Councillor Dodds' resolution, and that gentleman had declared on behalf of himself and his party inside the Council, and the large party he claimed to have outside, that his motion was the "irreducible minimum." They could take Councillor Dodds' party to a horse trough, they could put their heads in it, but they could not make them drink. (Laughter.) Councillor TENNION : They will die, then. (More laughter). Councillor PIERPOINT, continuing, said the Council could not get them to drink the resolution unless they chose to do so. He wanted to get this miserable busi- ness done with, and he believed that Councillor Tinnion's amendment was an honest attempt to solve the difficulty which they all wished to get out of the way._ It was his intention to vote for it. (Hear, hear.) _ _

Alderman MONKS said it seemed to him tha his 'resolu- tion gave a wider scope than did Co mcillor Tinnion's amendment, but he was not prepared to stand out for his own resolution. If they were prepared to include in the investigation all tmdin,,,then he would agree to the amendment, and he would like Councillor Tinnion'S amendment to read " to inquire into the cases submit- ted,as to the result of the aforesaid investigation."

SPEECH BY COUNCILLOR LORD. A "DUMMY" RESOLUTION.

Councillor LORD said he had been until recently only a ratepayer of this borough. Like many other rate- payers he had taken a deep interest in this non-trading movement, and, although he had joined the committee, the Council might rest assured there was no personal animus in him. If he thought for a moment th it the Municipal Non-Trading Committee were animated by malice or personal animus he would shun them for ever. He need scarcely tell them that he fully appreciated the honour of representing the Town Hall Ward, and recognized the duties of that representation. The electors declared on November Ist in no uncertain manner for municipal .reform . and a satisfactory inquiry. The resolution now before the C,•uncil in Mr..Alderau;n Monks' name, was, to his mind, one which would satisfy only those who were adverse to a genuine, honest in- quiry. Why the limit to three years ? Was there something beyond that he wished to conceal from the ratepapers? Why did he impose conditions which he knew full well that the ratepayers would not accept? It appeared to his (the speaker's) mind very clear that the object ,was to get a genuine resolution out of the way and substitute a dummy. He might tell Alderman Monks that Councillor Dodds' resolution, which was unanimously passed at a special Council meeting, was the gun by which the Non-traders intended to stand It was the, minimum is7l4ch they as a committee an.d ratepayers were prepared to accept. They wanted no mock inquiries. What the Jameson Raid In- quiry did for us in South Africa, a whitewash- ing inquiry had done for us in Warrington. The first part of Councillor Tinnion's amendment was very fair,and would be acceptable to the majority of the ratepayers. In his opinion the second part might not be needed. He did not think the ratepayers wanted a legal inquiry and he was sure they had never demanded it. A legal inquiry might prove very expensive and could serve no useful purpose. If the Non-Traders could not get 1.1 satisfactory inquiry now, they were prepared to wait until next November and again appeal to the ratepayers (who were the masters of the situa- tion) for further support. Bat remember this—that a thorough inquiry must come, whether now or later,de-- pended upon the amount of fear some members hed,that the public should be acquainted of the facts. Councillor PIERPOINT: Suppose the non-trading part of this Council refuse to appoint an accountant. The TOWN CLERK said they could net make them ap- point one, but in that case the one appointed by the Mayor would go on and make his report. • Councillor TINNION, after consultation with Alder- man Monks, said he thought they had arrived at some reasonable result. The amendment which he now moved was as follows That the Mayor be requested to appoint on behalf of the Council a charteredaccountant, and that the Municipal Non-Tradihg Committee be requested to appoint a chartered accountant to examine the accounts, books.. vouchers, and documents of the Corporation for the five years ending March 31st, 1901, and that they shall have a right to examine officials, servants or workmen of the Corporation with reference to trading with the Corporation by members of the Council, either as principals or partners or through limited companies in which they have been or are share- holders, or whether the trading has been done direct or indirect., or as contractors or sub-contractors during the said five years, and shall report thereon. Provided that at the end of three months the. Mayor shall appoint a County Court judge or other legal gentleman of equal standing to inquire into and report upon the results of the investigation and the report of the two accountants. That the Municipal Non-Trading Committee and any member of the Council or ex-member may be represented by solicitor or counsel at the said inquiry, who shall have the right to examine or cross-examine any witness and have access to all documents. The costs of the investigation to be paid out of the rates. The costs of the inquiry to be left to the absolute discretion of the presiding authority". COUNCILLOR PEMBERTON'S OPINION OF THE

AMENDMENT. • ANOTHER RED HERRING.

Councillor PEMBERTON said they could not accept

Councillor Tinnion's saiendnient,for the reason that he stipulated they should appoint an accountant only.. What use was that ?—That was no inquiry. An account- ant came there and examined the books and vouchers. What could he find out? Nothing. The books were kept in very proper order they admitted. Councillor TINNION: He cau interview all the officials. Councillor PEMBERTON asked why shouldhe interview the officials? He would not know anything in regard. to improper trading and who was a director of or con- nected with a firm trading with the Corporation. The accountant was to be the only man to inquire into the illegal or improper trading. This was simply another red herring, and such a resolution they could not accept. They wanted a proper, open, and above-board inquiry, and this amendment was only throwing dust in the eyes of the Council and the ratepayers, and they would never stop while the public were behind them until they got a. proper, full and complete inquiry. The voting on the amendment was as follows : FOR. AGAINST. Alderman Fatirclough. Councillor Bennett lf Monks. Hulse. 2, Smethurst. 32 Davies. 22 Francon' b. Pemberton. 22 Hutchinson. Lord.-5. Councillor F. Itj Roberts. 2) Tinnion. If J. Roberts. „ Barton. Wilkinson, 22 Peacock. lf John Evans. . 22 Rogers. Ellison. Duncan. W. Roberts. Brophy.-17. Councillor TIN-SION: What is the proper course no Mr. Mayor, so that this can be put into operation as soon as possible?

The iNfAYOR : To bring it before the General Pur- poses Committee on. Monday week. Alderman MONKS proceeded to explain about the Warrington and District Electric Light and Power Co., Ltd. Two tenders he said, were submitted to the committee.

Councillor PEMBERXON : I said they were never advertised for. That is my point. Alderman MONKS Two tenders were submitted. Councillor PEMBERTON : It was not advertised, and the Standing Orders have been infringed. Of course we are in the minority here. Alderman MONKS observed that another statement that ought not to go. without correction was that Messrs. Leverßros. were driven out of the town by the high rates. He did not think that statement ought ta go unchallenged. The reason for. their departure was not that one.

Councillor PEMBERTON : The others were negotiat— ing for land with me. The Council then rose.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
LOOKED IN THE. GLASS. What a Lady Saw.

A Newcastle paper relates the following experiences of a South Shields lady whose looking-glass proved the means of restoring to her a treasure she had long lost. ; For it revealed to her a distressing skin disease, due to poor blood, the South Shields and Newcastle doctors ; said. But Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, after the Newcastle hospital for the skin had failed to, I' do so, not only cured this, but also restored her lost health. , "For," said Mrs. Curry," four years ago I was seri- f ously ill. 'My condition was deplorable. I was too weak to work, my appetite completely failed and doctors told me my blood was no better than water skin came ott-n blotches which itched so that te ' Ply con

not rest day or night. Reduced to skin and bone, I was. told by neighborrs that I could not live: " But at Low Fell, near Gateshead, a friend advised Dr. Williams' pink pills. They had cured her when everything dlse failed. When I. took them I found& great improvement : I began to get my sleep, my appe- tite returned, my food nourished me, the blotches dis- appeared, and I became as plump as you see me. • That was four years ago, and I have hate no return of illness. When my children ail, half a pill proves an almost cer- tain cure."

It isa fact that skin diseases result from poor as well as from bad blood, as in the case of the lady of South. Shields. Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people (genuine pills, with the full name—not substitutes) give new vitality and make good blood; anemia, con- snmption, the besetting pains of womanhood,, rheuma- tism, paralysis, St. Vitus' dance, and spinal weaknesses have yielded to their tonic power. On another page of this issue vill be found an interesting article on some of the other disorders—especially backaches—which they have cured.

The lady whose experience is related above, live,s at 32, Edith-street, &kith Shields. She persevered with the remedy, the first improvement coming with the second box, complete deliverance with the third.

!I! VIA\ 11 Sic CI. 0 • j PH li 1 . ~ 11.';.- - i

===== 0002601_19030123_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Death of Mrs. W. Dooley.

The announcement will be with regret of the death of Mrs. Dooley, wife of Mr. William Dooley, Bewsey-road, which occurred at 10.30 on Sunday morning. The deceased lady, who was 67 years of age, had been in a delicate state of health for a long time, and had been confined to the house for many weeks. Her death, which is due to senile decay, had been expected for some time. She leaves several children. The interment took place in the Cemetery on Thursday. Momento of The Coronation.

The Town Clerk (Mr. J. h. 'Whittle) and the Chief Constable (Mr. Luke Talbot) were on Monday evening the recipients of beautifully-framed -photographs of the Friendly Societies' Coronation Committee, taken by Mr. Birtles. The presentation took place at the Town Hall, Mr. George Maybury (chairman of the committee) presided, and besides the Town Clerk and the Chief Constable there were also present:—Mr. :John Haley (vice-chairman), Mr. Thomas S. Steel (lion. secretary), and Mr. David Houghton (hon. secre- tary to the Friendly Society Council).—Mr. Mavbury made the presentation to the Town Clerk, and °spoke of the happy relationship which had existed betweeit the committee and the officials during the progress of the arrangements for the festivities in Warrington. He hoped the picture would serve as a reminder of the occasion.---The presentation to the Chief Con- stable was made by Mr. Haley, who referred to the excellent arrangements made by the Chief Constable, and said that the success of the procession was due, in a great measure. to his efforts.---Mr. Steel and Mr. Houghton also spoke in eulogistic terms of the work of the recipients.—The Town Clerk and Chief Con- stable suitably replied, the latter remarking upon the excellent conduct of the general public in their ac- cepting the inevitable when the King was stricken down with illness in June.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030123_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
that he Lt only. ....count- Luchers.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
S were

)ffieials. terview regard. 31* con- u. The. ,nto the another accept. inquiry, he eyes d never w got a.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
•se now" Won as

ul Put-

)ut the hver Co, to the

3 never

ied, and UTSO wet

ttement LS that

by the ight to lre was

3gotiat-

riences

ved the ng lost. , due to doctors people, ailed to, her lost

as seri..

'as too ed and ,r. Coll

3, I was

advised er when found a aPPe- hes dis- That. illness. )St cer-

as welt South.

peoples titutes) ia, con- rheuma- Lknesses page of sn soma Leh they

ives at ed with. ith tha

gret of Dooley,

Suudliy. ears of

7 a long )r many

ay, haa

several

mueteiy

e Chief vening tpk.s of

, taken at the of the erk and t :—Mr- . Steel

Eaybury 1 spoke )etween.

p•ess of

rington. rider of_ Con- to, the astable, AS due, and Mr. C work ef Con- pon the ieir ac-

;tri &en

===== 0002601_19030123_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ALLEGED ELOPEMENT.

Singular Case at the Warrington Police

Court.

A singular case was heard by Alderman Shaw Green and other magistrates at the Warrington Police Court an Tuesday, when Peter Rowe and Sarah Jane Ashton were charged with stealing a tin box, four photographs, a number of vases, and a quantity of clothing, of the total value of 40s. the property of Thomas Ashton. Mr. Browne, who prosecuted, said the case was a Peculiar one, as the female prisoner was the prosecutor's wife. Ashton was a labourer at the St. Helens Cable Company's works, and at the time when the offence was committed lived at 19, Annie-street. On the 21st of December he went to work as usual, and when he 'returned at night he found his wife had gone away taking the baby with her, and a quantity of clothes and Other things were missing. He made inquiries, with the result that he applied for a warrant against the two Wsoners for theft. The prisoners were traced to alnes, and then to Wigan and on Monday they were apprehended, and brought to Warrington. The female trisoaer had not known Rowe until he returned from "ollth Africa, wher (Rowe) went to enlist the ~Prosecutor's brother,,lPM so got to know Mrs. Ashton. "len she was apprehended she told the police that " If she got 12 months, she would not live with her husband, but wouid go with Rowe again." Prosecutor stated that he had been married eight 'Years' and had never had a quarrel with his wife during this time. On the date in question she left him 'With two children-3,-yd V; and 2,! years. Mrs. Ashton stated -some of the goods belonged ta her. After hearing evidence on both sides, the magistrates dismissed the case against Rowe and bound the woman 'aver to appear if called upon within six months. -

Mike nicer Bread, Cakes, Pi.s-crusts, and Pastry,

by using "Paisley • Flour." Don't wait for yeast to raise the bread, or trust to doubt- ful baking Powders.

. USE .

• ' „ Hatee • A Beater, \kg._

===== 0002601_19030123_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
3rownsipoliso.l

Raising Powder 4 4 r 4"), cm 07-7 7:0 P 11 tvavolp mo'n u J. 4014.. 4.4 ...., . _

(TRADE MARK.)

It does the raising quickly and evenly makes baking Pleasant, easy work, and gives. lighter, sweeter bread.

Ask your Grocer ' packet and try it at on

for a 7d.

tig .4. SWAMI" .%;

===== 0002601_19030123_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
POOR CHILDREN'S TREAT.

An oups Interesting Scene at Parr Hall. r o ding of merry-faced youngsters, many of them gleefully, were to be seen wending their way , in Parr Hall shortly before five o'clock on Wednesday , _east week. The attire of some denoted that the pinch of The 74e .)th aod Vigor of an Individual depends on the roverty has been felt in their homes, but their.ecep- :to mtity ~(1,1 quality of th. 81,414. When the tisoies have 44"a11y clean ana tidy appearance and their cheerful ' been at work thee ar' thrown into the blood waste produ,to and it (.he be (tot e'iminatad but (throu'Rh any cas-s d'- ter" were evidence of the fact that some "red- -1 'alma ha thy hloo t) they influence nutrition and funcsica letter" event was about to take place. That event was th nd finally produce orgtrito disease." " humanitarian " In ; 6 annual treat to the poor children of the town which 13 8 cases niScm•nla. l•-lon vv Eczema Btd legs. Skin and Blond Wilt 0 eagerly looked forward to by those little mites to ITherves. Firoule3 rani 4,-ires t,f all kin s the efbots of th,ecita Christmas does not bring the same joys as fall to Olarke's Blon • Mixt.tre ar'''' marvellous Thontanda of lot of those who are placed in more fortunate circuM- wflnde.fol cures have teen , ffected 10,- it Macke's; Wood irrieeS. One can only describe as a "labour of love" M xtive sold everywhere, at 2 91 per bottle Beware of tle task undertaken by those ladies and gentlemen upon worthless imitations aa 1 substitutes. —Advt. (5). Whom the arrangement ,of the treat devolves. The BnoTicurri•(, Cotrp, Cetus. ',,iats us Tap: Cl:um 'Pleasure which it gives to the little ones was fully ayrORTNESS or Rnite'rn, Prihicom—Dit. LoOlOx'a Potmoalc evident to anyone who visited the Parr Hall on Thurs- WAFERS Ave immediate retie, .- (rapid chro a ,t 1 no, hind ClaY evening. Every provision had been made for the etc ~iess %nth a -multi, re,re,hing vtight's rest In farm- , r,i they a To coMfort and enjoyment of the youthful guests, some of ma ie and •Tervo s l:omplaillt9 fovahewe for clearinactg andlike strcharmengtbening the willing workers having been lansily engaged at the Rtlce°;;Yoicte" 'r.. they do( t ta m ste like -diciti .. :-,nal hy all Lai , I during the whole of the day. The preparations had motile veotiors at, is a.l and 2s 9d per her. CA,TION, - I3een made by a committee presided over by The genul,..e Dr. Leo .cltls medicines ha- (a the name in the Lhe Mayoress (Mrs. J. C. Parr), with Mr Henry Government. Stamp, and the Trade Mark (" DR. LOCOCK ") ‘Taylor, P. C. M. as secretary, and Mr. W. H. J. ion the )abel. (5 Jenkins as treasurer. The treat again took the Cllti's I( 41 PIM-A are warrented to cure, in either form of a tea followed by a short entertainment. No et-a. all P.cqrtired or constitutional Discharges from the fewer than I,2oochildreu put in an appearance and to Urin,ry Organs: Covet and Yains In the beck. Free Provo attend to their wants was a bigger task than perhaps Mercury. butabliel•ed up-wards of 30 veers, In boxes 4s. Sd. each, of all Chemists lino Patent, Medicine V(tudoro throuvh- the uninitiated would be inclined to imagine. Each out the world, or sent tor sixty stamps by the rnalit:re. The child received a bag containing a choice assortment o • Lincoln and Midland Counties DrugOompany• lfa ' ucoln.— edibles which, it goes without saying, quickly dm aPpeared. Tea was supplied in barrels by Mr. J.MonEo F .•• qi k1.,4A. r o I in; Tralli AiD DRIO,ATi4. -ThOrO*. ,L., -who superintended its serving out. The children—as • ....,z,s(-s tbe teeth from all parasites or in:purities., f.,ar.:(:l 'children generally are—were possessed of ' -hearty the ,tc,nlL., pre,c ,ts tartar, clops decay. -11(1 ghee to l.t appetites and thoroughly enjoyed the good things.. teeth a ;.,ecttlial nearlv whiteness and a delightful travrare The meal over there was a short entertainment. Mre it, tla: hret,th. Price ?-5..(3(1. fur as lignid, or it. per )or , IL Taylor, P.d.M., exhibited a number of magic lantern '', ' (If ell i,herr,lsto and Fortut,,r, pictures—most of them being of a humorous char- -`'— aleter—which gave the children the greatest delight. • The hall resounded with shouts and laughter, and the scene presented was unique and highly interestinra The full pitch of enjoyment was reached when Mr. 'Percy Randall played popular airs on the organ. The children sang with zest, end it was really surprising to hear how well they had committed the words to memory. Mr. F. ' u", Bickford then endeavoured to entertain them by "living marionettes," bat no amount of persuasion would secure silence, and Mr. Bickford could scarcely be heard at all. a . The youngsters seemed to be so pleased with the chorus singing that they would not listen quietly to solos. After the entertainment the usual distribution of toys took place. On the Platform were two fine Christmas t", 1, $-. , • '..4 r% .-- --, - 4 a , RLEZ) oiD INLlkac.bll-10i1 trees, which Mr. Jenkins had been instrumental in ob- TOM taining,and these were prettily ornamented and laden with CUR t. D. toys. Gilts had also been arranged on the platform,and ,• e a ~• ,ae, s-- it, : • ,(la may follow. KEUT.IN a display of buntingadded to theattrficiive appearance :IT I.! k : ~, , - ' If l '- 1 ' -. . . o ~, -,t.- .49,1 , et rerneay .or inmard, Ga- ol the portion of the hall to - which longing glances via:ro Rll.l I.', f, i t ! .'.,es or leis, Lila. it :acts like a efierm on 'Were often directed during the evening._ The toys were the 810,l ~n 1 -.1.,,,.-. ill' m to dizl.,ppear like criat!ic. It is a distributed by the Mayoress, Mrs. Robert Pierpointeand resit, e ,•,,re lot- e inost *lento forms of .01,e indfgea. Mrs. Carleton. and the children departed, looking in on, aortas will convince you, price Is. If d. t oldby supremely happy and no doubt feeling grateful : BOoTS and all Ceernista. to those who had worked so hard to pro- ' -- vide them with an evening's enjoyment. The officials already mentioned received valuable assistance during the day from Inspector Hackett, N.S.P.C.C., Inspector W. Jones, and the following school attend- ance officers :—Messrs. amber, Kane, Searisbrick, and Rutter. Other active workers were :—The IVlayoress, Mr. Roger Parr, the Misses Parr, Mesdames James Fairclough, Henry Roberts, J. Lyon Whittle, Ferguson, James Richardson, Clegg, Randall, William Monks and Taylor ; Misses Kiernan, Smethurst, Amy Rierpoint, and Whittle, Mr. J. Skelland and others.— During the evening a vote of thanks was passed to the workers, subscribers, and all who had contributed to the success of the event.

P,,N4 ot,r

..17ERY FOR your Lair A'ing Kr.'.l, or 1,1•Iti• di' we the EXICArt HA,:• Viiil) positi; ely relmol-o. in every crict.•, ay hAit I%slmin nmket, thk,baq*c:tartn»,kl „r„,„00„, thf, gicwth. Price Os

Dt 2;

'.ll,tre Ktt:

,ver P! I,li, Cf.

r Wlfl ow'', Soothing 'UL I',B odtlioris of nothers for Li... • r:erff•ct snore's. It will relit, i• It ls pleis••Ant to tAst,t, ; r,liovit!2 Ow chile; trorn r., ' ' fi button." 0, •-•.-

pe.i

I trezn F.:(.:UTY AND CO, DALIFAX.

VERY WoMAN

S!ionlci .:ena two stAtnrs fr,r onr 32 page Illuetrateti Book

containing valuable Information bow all liregularities and

Obstructions may be entirely avoider, ,r removed by eirapie

weans. lieccmmended by eminent Physicians, as he

Safe. Sure, r.nd o.rinine RemFdy. Never Fail. Thoilsands

of test imouißls. Mr P BLANOHLRP, Dalston-lßyd,Londc,n

iC9110241 is S.-ievritS7 in ' A Vni *ropy en the toothtarta. --- every morning 6141177,60 5 3 I 1 ' 0 .0 it 1 ds. --7.- ; ite i IVER email YU. Email Dose. 1,80,...iiZ80NT PILLS Small •I'r.ze •Ad ' Kg; •,,,•4 . 1, I zi.,:iioli ;•:-.,zzeetal ttlhr Edignethenalice day. _ ,

OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS

• 01 ¶l7 117 ALKIIR Urow

EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRFST3-TDN

-- insoitely cure ST.k ne,dache. Billousless. Torpid Live:, .iitil- i 2104:d Teeth and Bad 'Theta. E r . sticn, Constipation, Dizzine, f I,7lfic;:f., :eeth and Yellow Teeth.. i.rred Toague. They Tenth U... ; Pretty Teeth and 'Ugly Teeth vr.

rr FLEPRON E, 3357

OS be ewe taw, ste c4itxts, Cemple, in Toilet - v Tine ievitiax.cl"--

===== 0002601_19030123_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARITY ORGANIZATION SOCIETY. shoull There be a Branch at Warrington?

• With the object of considering the advisability of forming a branch of the Charity Organization Society in Warrington a meeting was held in the Council Cham- ber at the Town Hall on Friday. Alderman Monks presided over a good attendance which included a num ber of clergy and ministers. ' The CHAIRMAN said he did not wish it to be under- stood that by presiding over the meetine, be felt com- mitted to any proposals which would be made. Any proposal regarding ' the formation of a branch in Warrington must necessarily interfere to some extent with the charitable institutions already in existence and which had a vested interest in the town. Their claim should be considered and unless by forming a branch they were going to have greate efficiency or have the work better done than it had bee done in the past, or unless the result of the efforts o the branch would be to procure greater economy so as to increase the funds at the disposal of the committe and in that way render greater assistance to the neces sitous people, it did not seem to him that the new plan was likely to be an improvement on the old one. He had received the following letter from the Mayor ; Dear Sir,—l am sorry not to be able to be present at your meeting to-day for I look upon the Charity Organization Society as a most valuable institu- tion and well worthy of our support. If it is deemed desirable to establish a branch office and officer in Warrington I shall be happy to assist with a small subscription, but I think it should be very carefully considered whether the existing organizations are not sufficient for the needs of the town. We have a charity organization society doing good work in a quiet way under the care and supervision of Mrs. Harrison. We have a very energetic police mission in the hands of Mr. H. Taylor, and we have an officer from the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, so we must be careful not to have more organizations than we have funds to be organized. If the various agencies , I have named all work together we may. 1 possibly not require the aid of an addi- tional one -and I think this should be seriously con- -1 1 sidered by the promoters of the movement you are meet- : ing to discuss. Please make my apologies for non- attendance to Mr. Nicholson whose address I should I have been very glad to have, had the opportunity of I hearing and assure him of my very cordial appreciation of the good work done by the society he conies to re-' : present." 1 Lady Greenall wrote stating that she did not wish to decry the Society, but rather failed to see the need of it in Warrington when they had a similar society carried ,on so, very ably by Mrs. Harrison. Letters of apology 1i for non-attendance had also been received from Mr. 1 Robert Pierpoint, Mr. A. H. Crosfieid, Colonel Richard- son, Mrs. P. Rylands, the Hon. and Rev. C. F. Cross, Goionel Buckton, Mr.V.B.Davies and Mr.W. P. Rylands. Mr. C. N. NicHoLsoN, of the London C. 0.5., then addressed the meeting and said he would be the last person in the world to attempt to interfere with any existing agencies for charitable purposes in a town of the size of Warrington. What he desired was the co- ordination and co-operation of all these agencies and to assist in the carrying out of their work by the adoption ' of one form of organization. He pointed out the saving of expense, time and trouble which would be . effected by this means. Mr. Nicholson proceeded to deal with the general question of the distribkition of : charity and said it should be the aim -of all charity to place the recipient in a position of independence and in the way of earning a livelihood 1, so as to prevent him, as far as possible, requiring, assistanceagain. He emphasised the necessity of obtain- ing full information as to the needs and character of the applicants before administering charity. If a local committee were formed it would obtain this informa- tion and supply it to subscribers. Overlapping would also be prevented. In addition to supplying informa- tion the society would also administer relief. He was told that there was a Charity Investigation Society in Warrington; and what was required was to extend its sphere of usefulness. He heartily Wished the work in Warrington success. (Applause.) , Considerable discussion ensued, the Rector moving "That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable that a provisiotial committee be formed to consider the wis- dom of the formation of a branch of the Charity Organization Society for the Borough.", The Rev. JOHN YONGE seconded. 0 After further discussion, the RECTOR altered his pro- position to read as follows :—" That a provisional Committee beappointed to confer with the Warrington Charity Investigation Society and other similar 'organizations to see how far the existing methods (inquiry, collection of funds, and the distribution of the same) may be improved and made more efficient." This was unanimously agreed to, and the following Committee was appointed :—The Revs. Canon Willis, A. S. Cameron, J. Davies, Father Wilson, John Yonge, and G. H. Carnson, Mrs. Peter Rylands, Mrs. Edelsten, Mrs Clay, Miss Lucy Broadbent; Alderman Monks, Captain , Crosfield, Mr. F. Stott (secretary of the Trades and ! Laboor Council), and the local secretary of the Fores- ters' Society. •

===== 0002601_19030123_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE FIXTURES.

WARRINGTON,

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Points For Pgst Sep. 6 Swinton away 0 12 13 Brighouse Rangers 20 St Helens 27 Runcorn Oct 4 Batley 11 Salford 18 Halifax 25 Leigh Nov. 1 Hull 8 Oldharn 16 Broughton Bangers...—. 22 Ringstpn Rovers 29 Hanslet ............ .... Dee 6 Wigan 13 Widnes away 5 0 20 Bradford. 25 (Christmas Day) Leigh...... away 2 3 27 Huddersfield 1903 _ _

3 Swinton 10 Brighou,e Rangers 17 St Helene ... home postponed 24 Runcorn 31 Batley Feb. 7 Salford home 14 Cup lie 21 ()up Tie 24 Shrove Tuesday 28 Hull home

Mar. 7 Oldham 14 Broughton Rangers home 21 Kingston Rovers 28 Hunslet Apr. 4 Wigan away 10 (Good Friday) homP 11 Widnes home 13 (blaster Monday) 18 Bradford ... 25 Huddersfield .. home RUNCORN

The Examiner, Friday, January 23, 1903.

The Handiest Thing in the House at, this time of the year is

. n*,•—• s4••,4''.T:.•*4q;it•trArWlitrig2'4,EAVlA. --*444.6 ' -7-""aw • S • • , 4: N„., 4 .

===== 0002601_19030123_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Points 1902 For apt Sep 1 Hunsiet home 15 5 6 Widnes 13 Bradford 20 Huddersfield home 8 0 27 Warrington Oct 4 Brighouse Rangers 11 St Helens 18 Swintnn.. home 13 2 Nov 1 Salford 8 Halifax 15 Leith 22 Hull . . . home 2 7 29 Oldham Dec 6 Brousehton Rangers ' 13 Hull K Rovers home 21 0 20 Hunslet 26 Batley 27 Wigan away 3 2 1903 Jan 3 Widnes 10 ',Bradford 17 Hud ierefield 24 Warrington .........., 31 Brighouse Hangers away Feb 7 St Helens 24 Swinton 28 Salford Mar 7 Halifax 14 Leigh home 21 Hull away 23 Oldham home Apr 4 Broug ton Rangers away 11 Hull Kingston Rovers 13 Batley home 18 Hunalet away 25 Wigan

===== 0002601_19030123_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Pointe. Ico2 For Apt Sep 6 I?uncorn 13 Battey 20 Salford 2? 36 12 3

27 Halifax home Oct 4 Leigh away 11 Hull

18 Oldham away

6 18

.- - 25 Broughton Rangers away 0 8 No 1 Hull Kingston Rovers home 9 0 8 Hunslet 15 Wigan home 0 2 22 Swinton away 7 8 29 Bradford ... Dec 6 Huddersfield away 7 5 13 Warrington 20 Brighouse Rangers 27 St. Helens home 8 0 1903 Jan 1 Oldham home 2 6 3 Runcorn home 3 0 10 Batley away 0 9 17 Salford 23 Halifax 31 Leigh ...... ........ , home Feb 7 Hull away 28 Hull King.ton Rovers Mar 7 Hunslet boap, 14 Wigan . away 21 Swinton bonvl 28 Bradford away Aprl 4 Huddersfield

===== 0002601_19030123_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

FIXTUR ES AND SCORES.

Points 1902 For Pgst Sept 6 Bradford home 11 21 13 Huddersfield 20 Nliarrington home 618 27 Brighouse Rangers Oct 4 Swinton II Runcorn 18 Batley ..... away 4 7 25 Salford home 9 5 Nov 1 Halifax 8 Leigh 15 Hull away 4 3 22 Oldham home 0 3 29 Brow:titon Rangers Dec 6 Hull Kingston Rovers away 3 9 13 Hunslet away 3 3 20 Wipn home b 6 27 Widnes 19' 3 Jan 1 Batley 3 Bradford away 214 10 Hudoersfield home 513 17 Warrington 24 Brid)ouhe Rangers home 31 Bwintou away Feb 7 Runcorn away 28 Halifax Mar 7 Leigh away 4 Hull home 21 Oldham 28 Broughton gang-r. home

===== 0002601_19030123_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
TS, 1..

. . ~ •, • • . . . , ... 43‘ ~,..-tA4' ••:-'-' ,:. .• •••:1--•••.;.:...::::;;;.:-.•:;',-,:,T7,5*,:',1'-:•:;: . 1! ....,..,... • .•::-;.:45;,4 ;' '4•:. -.• if''/,:',11j4•::::::::::::::::::::ffffi.:y.:?:::.:.''''1:;,;,•:•,..7.2:'•:::•• ,t* ...),,;i,,iei,,...../gg5z,:::,;,,,,,,,,::,:,0 ,/;;e.'.,1,,,:,--4be-41:: :-..,-, lilt/ .....,,,,.,,,,,.,:1,1:,..„,.::.....,%":",,,,--„,__-__. (1(A,,,,,?,-...,..,:,,,,,iii:::,':..„110,1 -t,...r.1.:4,,:ii;,;,. ~..P .., ~,,, .4 ~,,,,,,,74 -- -------

e. ' -01"4"k+. •••• „

===== 0002601_19030123_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
4". ~•^. • A • 1 A 0_

It Touches the Spot.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
RUB IT IN

alike in the Bleak Cold Frosts, and in the Snowy, Rainy, or Damp Foggy weather.

it prevents, relieves, and cures Bronchitis, Colds, Cracked Lips, Sore Throats, Chapped Hands and Rough Skin, Chilblains, Earache, Face-ache, Burns, Blisters, and Piles. Prices 1/1i .and 2/9 per Tin of all chemists.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
CURES Ina all other Remedies rail

IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC

RELIEVIPG ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions.

It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on-the soles of the feet. If you suffer, try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes 1/1:12. of all Chemists. BEETHAM & SCP, Chemists, CHELTEMEI.

- _ ee, (77 ..k ..., 4.0) ~ ~ *, , ,i/T.k,-- "--- #c & ~,,,,, 1 70. , t, v 0 , la.,- ~,...* ...,., ~.. _.

„.„ 47: •.

,

===== 0002601_19030123_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Le digestive and excreto. ;tomach, liver, kidneys, a 3 ieranged and sluggish, of the digestive proces: stem and poison the bb es. This constipation he skin to become di and pimply, or produce, lache, or irritability. Ii .bly leads to other ma The remedy lies in se, and IR oN -Ox effect this. By clear tg the digestive and ( oN-Ox TABLETS remove 'rom 1 :le system, and th, ir p; ,-,•sence has producf

When th, viz., the s become d products in the sys and nerv( causes ti blotched ; ness, head it invaria troubles. the caus speedily I stimulatin organs IR( matters fi which the disappear. and certa its attend;

. LON-OX TABLETS an in cure for constipatio .ant evils.

nium Waistcoat-Pocket Packet

Dainty Aim' of 50 tiny TieL. for 1/-. If y_ _ not got then, ti:ey will be sent, post free, for One Shilling by THE IRON-OX RF.NIEDT CO., LTD., 20, Cocspur Street, London, S.W.

lry organs, .nd bowels, the waste ses remain .00r"

Jd, brain, frequently iscoloured, -

nervous- neglected re serious

removing

ri: ABLETS rising and eliminative the waste e ailments ed speedily .e a perfect rn and all

,‘:• •Tr' .51) rt,; ; t _ ,

• - ' ~,,!...... ';':.,,,• ' ~....; ';',7:•:: i1.,-f, 0114 41 •''''''',, A 4

===== 0002601_19030123_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
,94t- • twq6.;. - • -

'

===== 0002601_19030123_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A 00:1.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
- , .... ~ :-.4-, c. .L 7 -oie::. • - , . 4:: '' , ' \*.::' `'',. ''''' Il t. •‘,.. .'f'', 4.- ;- - ' :.„ ; '', `,. ''. lj ~.1 ;. cir ' ~. . - - „ ' . ' .1 • :,:,,,

FOR ALL

FO R

UCAIS&COLDS

DR. DE ROODS. COMPOUND RENAL I? C 4 1 3 Are justly celebratel all over the world as the most safe an speedy remedy for Pains in the 131C1c, (*ravel, Lumbago, Gout, atneunsabiern Weakness across the Loins, iandy o• other Deposits, stone in the Bladder, Discharges. en Wseases of the kidneys and Urinary 0r4a115 venerally Mesy complaint:a, sapposed to be nerrons. often arise solely fr.:A •rmtamination of the blood with certain irnpuritie which should have been carried oil by the kilnevs. Bye- palkage bears the Government stamp, with the word.l

, WktTER Dt.4 r? 00-1, LONDON," thereon, by order , her tesr.y' lln. Commissioners. Price Is. lid. /la 3.1 vt, all Medicine Ifouses, or post, free from, Propriet I;ntiord no 710!fOrci-sattArti.

BILIOUS IL NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache. Constipation, Wind,

twleyak Stomach, impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEEcn.tm, St. Helens, Lancashire, in boxes, is. 11d. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full dimtions. Sold. everywhere.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
... .., • •—. ..) .1 ~.4 V. • : te - ' s;.• •:::, r...4r. •• •' 4. -' , • , , .. 41 I`.. '4 i"-:, '' • ' ''' •`A 3tY .. '''.l Vii 6% V °.%14 ‘ t i'r,;-, 1, , l'i 11. . „.4, :), • , - .j. ... AND um e k.,,v1 nil s- I. to, ET niR er. Re -1,- P pi 4 -

THE BEST VALUE AT MAKER'S CASH PRICES.

Ladies' Presentation Watch and Chain, In Case complete, R. 7 .10s. Brilliant Sc. Rubies, Rubies Sc Brilliant', £l. 12s. Silver English Levers, London Made, from £3 .10S. £2 . 14s. VTATOHES and JEWELLERY SENT FREE of. our ri.k, to all parts of the World for P. 0.0., payable OA G.P.O. OLD WATCHi,S and JEWELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE

BENSON'S BOOK of Watches from £2 to £5O. greS)CDS, CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, BRACELETS. " IMPERIAL " and SILVER PLATS and CUTLERY, &C. Sent Post Free.

J .EENSO-Ni 9 Ltd ra 9 Steam Factory, 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON. NOTE.—Order Form and full particulars of "The Times" system of pwroto Post Free.

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS lin4lieh and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regildiag a Speciality. Largest Stasis 0 mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BL;OK._ New Edition, thoroughly revised and enlarge 4 to 160 p,ges, Jilz,T PUBLISHED.

With all New Patternlsipa:td Dilris up o.Giass tostdakte,sts )(:)st freen Free application 12 Penny stamps. MORELL, 17 arid 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.C.

Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address : —.• ti-abbitry, London."

-- 4447.121-4471141, ) ....... -,-,set,o-, ;',l-ii R.;7---:- -4t ,-'''''`-fel%--- 1./ • '5;141‘4--(ty,k-,--- -"'" '')' -1, (.11,15tuiz....419,""-41gL,Iii!, - \ ~r .11. f 'tr.. „'•:2 iii SaPphires & ants, •':!',:; ?I i.,1:47R1.', 4t2,) =4. gi2 . 10S. itr ,-- )1.44 ifd,,,,-' ______-.._ ‘ 4 ' s ) r _ • ~,,z, k ,t • .: .. ''''''''l:. 'i"l and Brillia,nts, ‘,••••.,r_. .: •;-•; il I, 215. 4_4) !) __ :i;ii, , f.w.,.._____::_„..__,_l:_______;.,:_•_„:„ .::,....,..„..,.....,,...•4:.....,..4„. i,!1., - -'---E,, - '-'4441.44111 Brilliants& Rubies, ',•••':A_-. - '.4; - r \\‘‘l.,:-.' 'i::','*:;:_4:, , Brilliants, • A ::',•:•,..f ri'l •-;:•--- - ..: , ii.f. , f .... 4,.5. I ~.. 0:i.'•11•,r,,,,•1•6i4ii:r,;:!,^ Avmdoiii:;,,,.l;;;.l,'•,:i,:•'',o„, i-- ...-.....---4telk lit , i . „,1 . , ,i..,.? li P 1 '''W*Li`g"'---4.019 , J!,', . -:, ~...,.-----i'i......„„.,:it :•1 ~,,t,1.. ' 7.1 I I .• v • -7- I ,a; • -..,...„,.:....‘,04,,,,, ..,..t. v‘A.. i' .ii • ...‘„‘.... , . _A, , ..,,, .',I::. ,714-1 ...:;•":4 N-V-:•"' . Brilliants & Sapphires, ;4, .k,,-,.. :,•!f.•,,,,,—.,, '''....,,, . .„0 41,1_ ~ ... Sapphire & Brilliant ii,„; ..:4. ,c, • _-.....-4 ',....4...,-,,.., ---- -,..T__-=-=*----- • ..... 4,•••„......,..t. . . £6. 15s. •-,i-i•,. - : ",,t'. ~4.,,;',:•,:_'_. --,'-'", • .., tiiio ''' '_ ' 4,.a .i•l'r-..J.Y. ::P. •;',F.7.,•:i.;41i54.2.:i•..'q -W',4?,th , , ',A, . 1 ~, ; • .--'..,'-' ..r. . rf.„..-1.7...„- ..„"._....... ~ , ~, - ~...„,.. ~....,,..•. ~,.. 4 . . 1,1 lo:;„, . : -: ••,, .1.6 ,- .. -. • %K.,, ~...--,,, •,. ~._.,i Brillinnt, 4,4 t \t" - ' .feior 'fr 41',', - .411'.4. ' '-`-‘ ''.ry ' ' ,::•,!„..:„,, ..„.-C. , _.......-- ..1,- ••, ~..4.•••'• it.' .'N' -0,;.. 'ii, „.....) .-4,.-.-- - I Pearls & Turquoise, 24 . 10s. '''' :''''..!. Pl. '.,.r, -17 j*,:itii,•* ':,,,.."..7 •.,. • - -_:',,,,?, 4. eb.,, .C__ -: _ --- - ~.L'•-..-__ ._,_ _._ -,4; -- - .;:- _, ' if , £1 . 12s ••'_ - 2:— , • /1,...,.:!:.4.11,16;iif,,,imy.14t.,-...k.,..,, • ~, ..,, „1.„,..7.:V44,..,,,K....ii:•,..;,;:. ~,,.•.,.. esielijn i-f,,,;,,,,,, -- ki...,00) The T illian-

===== 0002601_19030123_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
tfg:,„ ?

===== 0002601_19030123_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
s) l': • • V'''' -N` ,e•-`l' e;''.',t,

===== 0002601_19030123_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE

CURED INSTANTLY BY Prevents Decay, Saves BUNTER'S Ext r,ction, SPereelvi.elenstsedNights Neuralgic Headaches and all Nerve Pains removed by MINTER'S Mitt- NERVINE VINE. all Chemists. Is. lid or post free on receipt of stamps to Depot, 14, White Lion street, Norwich.

DON'T COUCH fir ~. F. KEATING'S. LOZENGES ..7,.:, EASILY CURE , „...• ..s. , THE WORST COUCH .: One gives relief. An increasing 4 sale of over 80 years is a certain test of their value. Sold in 13. id. • " tins everywhere. 4 , • ''','-' :.,,,, . . ,

*iiiiiailAWAVATiiiidWAWilitieliattiiin >. CUT A GOOD FIGURE ' by wearing a corset scientifically made with all the ...„„t most recent imptoyements for the support and Z, beautifying - Iligh•dass corset at a

ppringt &"'

F vit. .?‘

Beautijid in Construction. lin,-ivalled in Style. ...c. ~:.... ...4 --2,' Constructed in accordance with physiological principles, ....... vice no undue pressure, but yield to the movements of .). Zu. the body, and the side supports are UNBREAKABLE. ,11: M. 1,11.1 in different shapes to snit various types of tg mnires, they yield a most graceful and rounded .--Z a iwpeaiince. Prices, 3/111 to 1013. 74: -,.., ebtaitiable front the principal Drapers and Ladies' ik -N. . Outfitters, hut if any difficulty in procuring, write for . name ot nearest agent. or:, Insist on having the I.R. Side•Sisrin{,- Corset— '.. IC. Best. *. -- —. ",,... .. IWIT'ORTANT.—The wear of every J. E.Corset -:.... - .... :). 13 ^..,,1,,t,1v dins.ro.,,triecl by the- -5 :. -

SOLE MANUFACTURER,

:1; J. S. BLAIR, Croat Animate Street, Manchester. ?f,!AMPAPAPHAWMAPAMMAWNWRMA.W.VMANIO

_ _,,,ig of the figure. A - ,-- popular Prree. ... ?. -... 4, eti ga F.,V% 4:. .. Jo s. ... ; ....44....: VA C.b. 1.. 4: ratent Ili* S!de'S .5. ,4,.... , -.... .. I, \ .... 4 ..,..: ~...„.... .c.i -.,:,

===== 0002601_19030123_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WT

===== 0002601_19030123_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11111611111/11

===== 0002601_19030123_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
PAPER AND BAGS, GROCEN.S' WINDOW DILLS, TWINM, STATIONE•tY.

S. WEAVER,

3, FLAG LANE, WARRING ros.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL THE LATEST FASHION BOOKS AT

LOWE'S.

GOLBORNE STREET, WARRINIGTON ALSO A GOOD CIRCULATING LIBRARY. MANCHESTER, LIVERPOOL, & LONDUN DAILY PAPERS. RUBBER STAMPS A SPECIALITY.

FRIARS &Minn, warrington Op slte Arpley Station. Also at MANCHBSTI4R-ROAD, (late Bsaeuhntb's.) S. T. WARD AND CO., MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS, Stc„ Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pisces, Mln.vneuts, 'orito Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts. Headstones in Granite Illarble. and Stone. Designs and getimates Free. LIiTTHR CUTTING. AND OLSANING 'MISTING MON Ufd lINTS A SPBCIALITY.

J. T 00LE,

LIMINSBD HORSB SLAUGHTBRBR. MANURB

MANUFACTURBR. ALLBN-STRIIHT. WARRINGTON SLAUGHTZR :YARD. LONGFORD.

num:mime :—TOOLB, WARRINGTON, TRLEPHOWIC No. 222.

SKELTON'S LIMITED,

HORSESIARK.ET-STREET. WARRINGTON. GRAND DISPLAY OF TOYS IN ENDLBSS VARIBIT,

BLEEPING DOLLS, TALKING DOLLS, DOLL!

DRESSED AND UNDRESSED. AT PRIORS TO SUIT EVERYBODY'. IRONMONGERY DEPARTMENT. SPLENDID STOCK or CT VARY. SPOONS, FORKS, &C CRUETS AND ALL KINDS OF initortio PLAT ;

AT VERY LOW CST PRIM. WE INVITE YOU TO GlVh' Ui A CALL AND LOOK ROUND. SKELTON'S LIMITED, HORSEMARKEI STREET, WARRINGTON.

COLLECTION OF FOREIGN S rAstps

IN BOOK, 1,003 ALL DIFFERBNT-235.

JOHN GOW,

101, LBA-STRIIIIT, KIDDERSIINSTIIR.

MY WONDERFUL 23. 6D.

COLLECTIONS, (CARRIAGE 6D. 2 FOR ss. num). FOR GARDENS OR GREENIIO,J.;E.

CATALOGUES FREE. 12 Mixed Hyacinths for pot or beds, 12 Extra fine mixed Single Tulips. 12 Narcissus, Yheasant Eve,Dutch extra quality; the pure white, crimson cup, 12 Jonquils, large single, sweet scented, highly prlzel for the fragrance, 12 lxias. Cape flowers ; there is no flower more hel WIN for cutting purposes bouquet' to rich, brilh nt 011.mr 12 Anemone Windflower. single mice& 12 ?retch Hanenculus ; the Fremb are the finest of all Ranunculus foyers : all colours. 12 Album Neap, Star of Bethlehem, Pore white, 12 Winter Aconites, the earliest of spring flowers. 12 Crocus in extra fine mixture, 12 Iris Hispania ; most love,y flow,s-s known as Poo' man's orchid, 12 bcilia Siberica, lovely blue. Tilos for n^..° g"

TURNER, F.R.H S , GREAT surioN, CHESTER.

el k XARTONS IMPROVHD BREED OF

YELLOW GLOBE 'ANGEL IS THE BEST. Awaded a Champion Prize of £2,5 in addition to otter leading vutsr PRIZES in 1901.

Price 1/- per lb. ; 103/- ler Cwt CARRIAUIi PAID A 5 PER CENT. DISCOUNZ

FOR EARLY PAYMENT. OTHER MANGELS from sd. per lb.

J. A. MoRR'sox, LATE STARKEY AND Adoasisom),

SEED‘ ERCHANT. 11

APPLY FOR CATALOGUE OF

VEGETABLE, FLOWER. Sz FARM SEEDS,

P,'T FREE ON APPLICATION.

GOLDEN S ti%lr. WARRINGTON.

JOSEPH WOOD WAR D,

BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSBY-STRERT, WARRINGTON

Repairs to Property punctually attended tn.

LiEO. WRIGHT AND SONS, LTD., DYERS AND CLEANERS, MANC 1 MTH%

BY SPECIAL TO HIS ROYAL MAJESTY Tall ,el-: • .r.;r1,..* WARRANT OF KING. APPOINTMENT AND ALSO TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS, THE PRINCE OF WALES. HAVE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES, 39k. HORSEM ARKET STREE P. WARRINGTON,

YOU CAN HAT ANYTRING YOU LI VI, IF YOU TAKII

DYSPEPSIA

TABLETS,

(ONE. AFTER EACH MEAL.)

===== 0002601_19030123_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
BE SUFilt YOU GET A BOX AND HIND

THEM ROUND THE TABLE.

7.0 PER BOX FRONI ET. 11ILLER,

CHEMIST,

77, BRIDGE STREET,

WARRINGTON.

IMPOW Al% T TO FARMERS &c. BLOOD AND BONE, M ANURM. PITROGEN 2 TO 4. AMMONIA. za TO 3, PHOSPHATE. 10 10 I?. • PRICE £2 15s. PKR TON. . PER TON VA°H DISCOUNT. AT YARD. ,R FREE ON HAIL, 8" RCIAL COMPOUND MANUKB. Brninewq 3i TO 4 AMMONIA 4 TO 4, PHOSPHATE 13 TO 15 PRIOR E 4 2s. 6D. PER TON. Is, 131). PHU TON CASH DISCOUNT—AT YARD OR

FRU ON RAILS. FOB rURTHER PARTICULARm APPLY r JAMPS OOLE, LICENSED HOERR SLAI unTFRRH, ALLFN STREET, WARRINGTON Telephone No 222.

Telegrams Toole. Warrington

===== 0002601_19030123_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

NOTICE TO CORR ESP° N DEN I'S.

Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as A. guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on onz sidc only of the paper and sent in, if potisible,not later than Thursday. Correspondents are strongly advised to writs briefly. A short letter has a much greater chance of insertion than a long one. We cannot under ordinary circumstances undartake to return the manuscripts which are not used.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Propos3d Band Conttsti,

Sir,—My.l be allowed to offer another suggeition ? this time to brass bandsmen of this town; viz. th:en- deavour to raise the tone of the bands, in more Ways than one, bybinding together to organize a Grand Brass Band Contest preceded by a March Contegt, to beheld either inParr Hall or Viotoria Park, the latter preferred in my opinion. . .

This c;ould be organized either through the I3ands Association, or by two representatives drawn from each band to form a committee. With careful management a contest should be a decided success, the proceeds in this case could be used for charitable purposes. If this was made an annual event I am sure it would be the means of helping to advance the band cause, and giving to bandsmen an incentive to work for during the winter months.

Hoping that bandsmen will ponder over and act upon this suggestion to inaugurate a most desirable object. I remain, yours Scc., FRED PODMORE.

32, Lovely-lane, may state that my last suggestion re United Choir has been acted upon.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Charity Organization.

As the largest subscriber to the Warrington Society, may I be allowed to call attention to a few points of importance. It is well known that the amount raised for charitable purposes in England is practically a fixed sum each year, and any diversion from the existing channels' means a reduction and crippling of good work which is being already done. The agitation in oonnection with Bartholomew's and other London hospitals, which is going on at the present timo shows, this, pretty clearly. Mr. Nicholson in his remarks treats lightly a weak spot in the proposed scheme, i.e., that " all the agencies must have a certain number of officers and agents em- ployed, and a great deal of expense might be saved," Ste. I have now before me the report of the Warrington Charity Investigation Society, and the "great deal of ex- pense" in this case appears to be a total of £2 2s. spent in printing and circulating the report. How much of this would be "saved" by the new scheme is diffi- cult to see, and if all were, how far would this go towards defraying the cost of the alteration? It would be interesting to know'what amount is spent in any similar town where the Charity Organization scheme has been adopted, and what amount is spent in actual relief in the same town?

I have no balance sheet or figures to compare with the Warrington system, which appears to fill all require- ments, so far as its limited funds will permit,and there is no doubt that if any system such as that now pro- posed, is adopted, the funds will to a great extent reduce those of the present existing .one, and to quote Mr. Nicholson's own words a 'great deal of expense " would be incurred. That the Charity Organi- zation Society is in its way a good thing there is no doubt but, so far as I can learn, the establishment and indirect expenses absorb a very large amount, the whole of which would be saved by an xtension of the present existing arrangement. If no such society existed in, Warrington as the one now established in Bank-street I should have no objection to the new one but,as matters stand, it wouldjappear that not only is it quite uncalled for, but it would cripple, if not destroy a very good work which has been done, and done well, without ex- pense, fora great many years:

• Mr: Nicholson state; ihat "when once a donor gives a cheque he seldom knows what becomes of it." He may be correct as regards his own society, but he is most certainly very far from the fact in making such a state- ment as regards the existing Warrington Society; the only money spent is £2 2s. which goes in informing sub- scribers exactly what does become of it. The point raised by one speaker as to its being "principally expanded on poor women" is surely a fault on the right side, if it is a fault, but although it may be ton certain extent true, it is only sufficiently so to mislead those who have no knowledge of the work done with • the small amount available, which is less than one penny for each inhabitant of the Borough. I note that one most important name has been omitted from the provisional committee, Mr. Taylor, the Police Court Missionary,and trust tha., as a matter of justice he will be included in the number,as being the most competent to judge, from personal experience,as to the necessity for such a change and its advantages, or the reverse. THOS. FLETCHER, F.C.S. Warrington, January 19th, 1993.

Sir,—Will you allow me to protest against the forma- tion of a local branch of the Charity Oganization Society on the ground that there is already in existenle a local Society, having similar objects,and to the efficiency of which the Mayorand Lady Greenall voluntarily testi- fied by letters-addressed to the Chairman of themeeting on the 16th instant. It was thought fit to anpoint committee to consiiler whether it was preferable to re- organize existing institutions or to form a new Society, but existing institutions may decline to be re-organized by a Committee in the appointment of which they have had no voice. Everyone will agree with Mr. Nicholson that it is desirable to prevent over• lapping and fraud in connection with charities,but is it clear that the formation of a branch of the Charity Organization Society will achieve that object? Some amusing anecdotes which Mr. Nicholson related to the meeting went rather to prove the contrary. it was impressed upon the meeting that the primary object of the Charity Organization Society was investigation,and the secondary relief. I think our local Society would reverse the positions,and that most people would approve of its so doing. Does a society which exists primarily for the discovery of fraud, appeal very strongly to the charitable? Mr. Nicholson stated that the London branch annually administered £,10,000. at the expense of about £lO,OOO. It is for the charitable to consider whether they would like ss. in the £ of their donations to be expended in administration expenses. The Mayor in his letter to the meeting referred to the Police Court Missionary and the N.S.P.C.C. Inspector, two efficient resident officials who are always reidy and willing to assist in the investigation of suitable cases. Surely therefore to form a costly society, to undertake duties already efficiently and iytexpensively performed, would be an undesirable "over-lapping" of work.—Yours &c., E. AUBREY WHITE. Warrington, 22nd January, 1903.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LICENSING ACT. " Sailing Close to the Wind."

John Trenton made his 39th appearance before the Warrington magistrates on Wednesday. the charge against him being that of being drunk and disorderly in St. Austin's-lane the previous evening.—P.C. Casey and P.S. Barnett proved the case. The Chief Constable said that was prisoner's fourth appearance for drunkenness within 12 months but he 'WM not prepared to sly that the man was an habitual drunkard in the literal sense of the term. Prisoner got drunk pretty often but he (Mr. Talbot) took it that an habitual drunkard was one who got drunk nearly every dav and fulfilled no good office in society at all. Prisoner, had, however, been sailing very close to the wind but he thought the Bench might give him another chance.

Prisoner was fined 2s. Gd., the nivistrates warning him that if he wtme before them again for drunkenness his name would probably he placed upon the "black list."

===== 0002601_19030123_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
K-NARROW ESCAPE.

At the Warrington County Petty Sessions on Wed- nesda2,-, John -Haverty, of Burtonwood. narrowly escaped being placed on the "black list." The police preyed that he was drunk and disorderly at Ilartonwood on the 17th inst.

The Inspector stated that the prisoner had been before the Court six time previously and four times in 1902.

_ _ The Chairman (Captiji.;: Withington) inforrnod the defendant that he was W. to be put on the "black list." They were not gokitio do that, but would give him one more chance to keep sober in future. He would be fined ss. and bound over for six months.

The Clerk- (to defendant) : You understand that if you go and get any drink during the next six months you will be " run in " and on will serve time. The Chairman: The publican at Buttonwood had better be warned.

The Inspector said there were three pnblie-honses at 13urtonwood.

The Clerk: They had better he warned. The Inspector : I will see they are warned at once.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAWEED AS A MEDICINE.

ITS MARVET.LOCS EFFECT UPON TILE

• sTOMACT-L LIVER, KIDNEYS AND BOWELS. SEAWEED possesses a natural strengthening, healing and purifying power, far greater than other known remedies. This is now conceded by important authori- ties. It was first introduced by Mr. Venn. and Veno's Seaweed Tonic is the only remedy in the world eantain- ing • seaweed, for that reason Veno's Seaweed Tonic is need in hospitals and by doctors themselves becanse of itf-7 superior . curative properties. Its most brilliant effect is produced in stomach, liver and kidney diseases, and the extraordinary cures it performs, even in the worst. cases, is positive proof of its efficaey. It is a rnd-sond to sufferers from indigestion, wind. headache, goneral weakness, kidney trouble, weak and painful bock, torpid liver, female troubles, poorness of blood, and HABITUAL CONSTIPATION. Ask for VENO'S SE A.- WEED TONIC. Prices is. Lid. and 2s. 9d. at chemists and medicine vendors.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, January 23, 1903.

ion. The ri,:er insptor too!: soundings from time to time, and witness a9ted on his reports. Witness never wrote to the Ship Canal • Comp Any beyond giving them his o!ficial notices.

His Lordship said the witn9.3s was asked whether he had expressed dissatisfaction with what had been done in_pursnance of his notice. . _

The witness said he sent a letter to Mr. Hunter call- ing his attention to the insufficiency of the dredging apparatus employed. Mr. Moulton : You never told Mr. Hunter when you found that the datum you were using was not the Ordnanee datum ?--T told him that the datum was ten. feet. When I found it was difficult I adopted that, but Mr. Hunter never asked me what the Ordnance datum was. I told him low-water spring tides. I put it to you that you did it deliberately to prevent its goingto the arbitrator ?---Indeed, I did not.

„ . As to the notices of the 23th October. Mr. Moulton said that on this occasion a separate notice was given in each section complained of. There was a letter of the 2nd November, and another of the Bth November from Mr. Hunter, .saying that they were unable to find any obstruction. There was no further letter from the witness, and Mr. Moulton pot it to him that that indi- cated that he was satisfied—that he had not expressed dissatisfaction.

The witness replied thlt he h!td referred to the insu!ficiency of the dreclgine.,.

THE_ CORPORATION AND It IV RR POLLI7TERS.

Mr Moulton then proceeded to deal with the deposits of chemical refuse in the Mersey. The witness admitted that the Corporation had had many complaints from the Ship Canal Company about these deposits. Com- plaints had been made about lime being thrown in, and the firm of Crosfield awl Sons had been referred to. They had poured refuse lime into the river for years. That discharge•of refuse lime went on until March,lB99. The only thing that the Corporation had done was to give the firm notice, and to compel them to construct tanks. Notwithstanding this, some lime still went into the river. The firm put up the tanks before 1899 before the action. When there was sewage in the water and lime refuse went into it, a good deal of the sewage would be carried in, but he admitted that lime had the effect of precipitating the sewage and making the deposit sticky and difficult to remove. This was a peculiar kind of lime refuse, and it had this effect in the river. This refuse if years ago used to be dis- charged through the public sewer, hut it was now passed through a private sewer belonging to Crosfields. Cros- fields turned sewage out of the public sewers and into the private sewer. Fifty years ago it was going through the public sewer. The Corporation had given them notice to stay the discharge, and warned them that they would have to put up an extensive nlant to deal with the refuse. The complaint as to Monks, Hall, and Co. was that they discharged oxid's of iron. He did not, however, think that that would precipitate sewage. The Corporation never instituted proceedings .against any persons discharging refuse into the river. The witness was 're-examined by Mr. Brmsfield at some length, and the further hearing was adjourned. THURSDAY'S PROCEEDINGS. The hearing was resumed on Thursday. Mr, Jackson, river inspector to .the Corporation of Warrington. said that there had never been a channel Bft. deep and 30ft. wide over the whole length which the defendants had to dredge, nor had there ever been a channel-Ift. deep and 59ft. wide over the whole length. Freshetshada great effect on the.state of the river and in the remoxal of deposits. The deposits were at one part mostly sludge, and at another lime. Mr. Roberts, assistant superintendent to the Mersey Docks and HarboUr Board. gave evidence as to the tides at Warrington Bridge.

Mr. Hen-ry FairclOugh, managing ..director of. Fair- dough and Sons, Limited, millers, said they had two mills at different points and a wharf. They had always .used the Mersey for the purposes of their business. between Warrington. and Liverpool, taki9g flour and bringing back sometliing else. The existence of their business depended on the depth of the water. They had opposed the Ship Canal Company's .bills. The flow of water coming down since IR9I- had •never been. what it was before. The mills had been stopped for hours at a time through this. Asked whether the mills had been Stonied before from want of water the witness said that Monday was always a low day for water.

After the canil IVA 3 opened, frptn IS9I, did you find that there was a channel of eight feet in depth? —Never; and they allowed us to work through the Latchford canal free of toll.

Was the question of adontinq this datum of the low wa tor taken into consideration in 13 ?—Yes.

The further hearing was adjourned.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE SHIP CANAL COMPANY. WARRINGTON TRADERS' COMPLAINT.

The Evidense.

In tho Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice on. Saturday Mr. Justice .Byrne resumed the hearing of the action by Messrs. J. Crosdeld arid Sons and other Warrington traders and the Corporation of Warrington against the Manchester Ship danal Com- pany. The plaintiffs claim a declaration that the defendant Company are bound at their own cost to dredge the river Mersey at Warrington to a certain depth. They ask for the right to use the canal free of cost so long as the defendants fail to discharge their Parliamentary obligations, claim the return of the tolls paid in respect of the navigation of the canal, with damages, and apply for an injunation. Mr. Bousfield, K.C., Mr. Hughes, K.C., Mr. Norton, K.C., and Mr. Thompson appeared for the plaintiffs ; 3lr. Moulton, K.C.' Mr. Cripps, K.C., Mr. Pickford, K.C., and Mr. 0. Leigh Clara were counsol for the Manchester Ship Canal Company.

Mr. Benstield read fartner correspondence, consisting largely of the plaintiffs' letters to the Company, com- plaining of innumerable obstructions in consequence of deficient dredging, with notices of the stranding of their steamers and barges, together with details of the car- goes they had had to lighten in consequence of the ob- struction to the navigatiOn. The plaintiffs also com- plained that in some cases'they had to despatch other goods to fulfil their orders. The plaintiffs alleged that in some cases the Canal Company had not sent the dredger at all, but had waited until the winter flow of water in the Mersey had of itself cleared thechannelto the depth of eight feet. Mr. Moulton said the Canal Company maintained,that the obligation stated by his learned friend wab not at all the obligation of the Company, The Company's obligation to dredge could not be an obligation to dredge sa that they were to give the eight feet, the plaintiffs spoke of. The Company's contention was that they had to dredge originally a channel absolutely defined; and after the Original dredging all they had to do was maintenance, and that maintenance was the same duty as the original dredging.' They said they had always done that.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
A QUF,'STION OF DEGREE

Mr. Justice Byrne said it came very much ton ques- tion of degree, whether the Canal Company had with proper diligence done all they could in reason,to keep the channel as it was originally dredged. Mr. Moulton: That is our position. Mr. Bonsfield: That observation only applies to the special remedy of toll free passage.' • Mr Justice Byrne: You mean to say there is an obligation beyond that. Mr. Moniton's case is,thera is no obligation beyond that which he has mentioned. Mr. Moulton: Your Lordship will understand that the fact that there is silting up is no breach, because the duty of maintainingldredging means that there must be silting. The fact that a house is out of repair is not necessarily a breach of a covenant to repair. Mr. Justice Byrne: If you ought to have employed more dredgers, then you have not fulfilled your obliga- tions.

lIIVIDENCE OF THE WARRINGTON BOROUGH SURVEYOR. Mr. Thomas Longdin, borough surveyor of Warring- ton for 27 years, WM then called. Ho stated that the river was largely used by traders at the time of the making of the canal. Under the Ship Canal Act the Canal Company had taken the water of the Mersey to Rixton; they had canalised the bed of the river and made it into their canal. The locks at Latchford and the weirs on the Mersey were under the control of the Canal Company. Twenty-three years ago the height of low water at Warrington bridge wasabout 23 feet. He advised the Corporation of Warrington in connection with the Shipranal Bill. Warrington was very friendly to the bill and helped to promote it. The traders-of Warrington did avary large traffic on the river Mrsey. After the Act was passed,the. Canal Company did not comply with the obligation on them to dredge the bed and banks of the Mersey to a depth of eight feet, and con- siderable penalties were incurred. After the agreement of 1896 the Canal Company dredgeda channel but not a channel eight feet deep at low water and 50ft. wide. Complaints from the traders began not long after the agreement, and in December of that year he made a formal corn- which was succeeded by others, accompanied by plans. Up to 1899 records were kept of the depth of the channel at Warrington. The witness produced a log- book, commencing Ist March, 1899, showing high and low water at Warrington Bridge, the rainfall and wind, the dredgers at work,and the state of the channel. This was supplemented by plans of cross-sections of the ohannel made front year to year, from which it appeared that so far from the channel being dredged to the statutory depth of eight feet in some places it was only three feet deep. At this juncture the further hearing was adjourned until Tuesday.

TUESDAY'S PROCEEDINGS. COMPLAINT AGAINST MANUFACTURERS.

On Tuesday Mr. Hughes, K.C., who appeared for the plaintiffs, said that by the amended defence it was alleged that the dredging of the channel of the Mersey at Warrington had been made very much more difficult by reason of the plaintiffs having improperly and un- lawfully discharged lime and other manufacturers' refll9o into the river. The . defendants said these acts had seriously obstructed them in the discharge of their duties under the agreement. His clients had a large. mass of evidence on that point, but as it was for the defendants to prove their allegation affirmatively, he suggested that they should first ascertain what case the defendants made and that the plaintiffs should give their evidence by way of rebuttal if necessary. Mr. Moulton, ICC., who appeared for the defendants. said the plaintiffs ought-to give their evidence in the ordinary way. Mr. Justice Byrne said the cross-examination •of the plaidtiff's'witnes3es,xvonld show whit the case for the defence was. -

Mr.. Thomas Longdin the borough surveyor of Warri ng- ton. v,-ns further examined. _ _

Has the channel been made and completed to your satisfaction?—No. _ _

Or to the satisfaction of any reasonable man in your position ?—No. !Ta cross-examination by Mr. Moulton the witness said he had been borough surveyor of Warrington for 27 years, and he took part on behalf of the Corporation in , the discussions connected with the original bill and the agreement. Sir John Wolfe Barry made a number of observations of the bed and channel of the Mersey. Bafore the Ship Canal was made there was no getting from Warrington to the sea by the channel of the River Mersey at neap tides by vessels drawing more than 3ft. In 1893 the Warrington Corporati'on came to an agreement with the defendants with regard to the opening of the canal. The agreement recited that whereas the dredging authorised and required to be executed by the Company, could not be completed before the Ist January, 1891, and the Company intended to open a portion of the canal on that date with the consent of the Corporation of Warrington, the Company bound themselves to complete the dredging by the Ist July, 1894, under a penalty of £5O per day, and the traders of Warrington were to have the right to carry goods for the purposes of the business free of charge along the Runcorn and Latchford Canal until the work was completed. The Runcorn and Latchford Canal took water which otherwise would have come to War- rington. In the case of a flood the Warrington Corpor- ation were thankful to the Ship Canal Company for taking the flood waters. Down to Rixton the beds of the Rivers Mersey and Trwell had been canalised. The Corp'oration of Warrington might have had a right of joint controi over Latchford Lock, but they never took advantage of it. He would not like to say that the quantity or water diverted by the Ship Canal in ordinary times was less than what used to be diverted by the Runcorn and Latchford Canal.

Mr. Moulton said he proposed to prove that the Ship Canal Company did not abstract as much water as the Runcorn and Latchford Canal used to get. Mr. Hughes, K.C. : There is no issue as to that. Mr. Moulton said the plaintiff's case was that the levol of low water at spring tides had changed since 1896, and the reason given was the abstraction of water. in 1896 the traders of, Warrington accepted loft., but Mr. Bons&ld, K.C., said the abstraction of water had made a difference. He r.Moulton) was going to prove there was no difference. If his learned friend would admit that his clients did not abstract more than they did on that dste he would be satisfied. (Laughter.) Mr. Hughes said hewas much obliged, but he did not accept the invitation. (Laughter.)

===== 0002601_19030123_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPLAINTS TO TILE SHIP CANAL COMPANY.

In further cross-examination the witness was taken through the written notices given by him as borough surveyor to the Ship Canal Company as to obstructions in the rivorMersey and the dredging which he required. His first notice was in October, 1898. Up to that time he had never given any intimation to the Manchester Ship Canal that they were not doing the work to his satisfaction. His. next complaint was in August, 1899. Asked whether he made no further complaint until that time because he was satisfied with what was being done, the witness said he had never been satisfied with the way the whole river had been dredged. Sections of the river had been dredged, but they filled up again. He was satisfied until he found the dredging was not going on, and then he served further .notices. The reply of the Ship CAUfd Company in August, 1899, said that . the Icontractor for the dredging was making every effort to dredge the river ; pointed out that the little depth of water was due to the drought. and the continued deposit of manufacturers' refuse : and said that they were entitled to the Corporation's assistance in preventing the illegal deposit of material in the river. You knew that refuse was being illegally put into the river ?—We knew it before, and weserved notices on every manufacturer. The wittoss added that Mr. Jackson prepared the soundings on which the complaints of that time were made. The hearing was adjourned.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
IVEI)NES'bAY'S . PR 0 CEEI)INGIS.

On Wednesday Mr. Longdin, wa 1n under erogA- examination. In reply to Mr. Moulton he said the - presence oft dredger at work in the Mersey at War_ rington would not cause much impediment to naviga

===== 0002601_19030123_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

HILL CLIFFE AND STOCKTON HEATH UNITED BAND OF HOPE.—A successful cinematograph entertainment was given in the Church Room, Grapnenhall-road. on Monday evening in connection with this society. The Rev. J. S. Hughes presided over a crowded attendance. The exhibition, which was of a very interesting and amusing nature, was provided by the _committee of the Lancashire and Cheshire Bard of Hope Union, the pro- ceeds being on behalf of the new buildings and temperance teaching scheme. In addition to the numer- ous animated pictures a little variety was introduced by way of illustrated songs. &c. Miss Edith Strange sang "Ora pro nobis," Miss Mounfield " The Children's Home" and" The Star of Bethlehem," Messrs' George and Septimus Moss the duet " Larboard Watch." and Mr, George Whitfield recited "The Fireman's Wedding." These items wereall well rendered and were made most effective by the beautiful illustrations given on the sheet. Instrumental selections, which were highly ap• preciated, were given by the QuintettePartv, consisting of Miss Turton, the Misses Ward, Miss Vane and Mr. Vane Mrs. Hughes ably acted as accompanist. POOR CHILDREN ENTERTAINED.—The members of the Hill (life Young People's Society of Christian En- deavour gave their second annual treat to the poor children of Stockton Heath and Walton, at Hill Cliffe School on Friday last. Excellent arrangements had been made for the entertainment of the youngsters, the members of the!societitP under the direction of the Pre- sident (the Rev. J. S. Hughes). the Vice-President (Mr. Joseph Moss, jun.), and the Secretary (Mr. R. Lloyd Jones), entering very heartily into the work. The school was filled to its utmost capacity. The tables were nresided over by Mrs. Hughes, Mrs. Williams, Miss Moss, Miss ‘Vorrall. Miss Hall, Miss Holland,Miss Jones, Miss Griffiths, Miss Dodd, Miss Bell, Miss Marion England. aided by a number of yonne men. The tables were laden with piles of sandwiches plain, currant, and seed bread. together with scones, buns and other cakes and mince pies, and the attendants had a busy time in meeting the demands of their guests. After tea an entertainment was provided to which the regular scholars in the Sunday school had/been invited, as well as a number of friends who were admitted at a small charge, with the result that at seven o'clock the , schoolroom was packed. The chair was taken by the I President (Rev. .1. S. Hughes), who,afterexplaining the circumstances under which they had met and the object of the treat, asked Mr. Williams to entertain the com- pany with his powerful phonograph. "Records "of ! songs and choruses by the best artistes and bands in England and Americi . were given to the intense delight of all. One of the finest renderings was that of the " Halleluiah Chorus," by a famous orchestra. The Chairman gave a short speech into the phonograph, ! expressive of the thanks of all for the kindness of Mr. and Mrs. Williams, which the children emphasized with three cheers, all being reproduced to perfection by the machine. Interspersed with the selections on the phonograph were exhibited lantern views, Messrs. Cobb and Hale, Latchford, kindly giving their services forthe purpose. On the motion of Mr. Joseph Moss, junr., seconded by Mr. R. Lloyd. Jones. thanks were given to all who had so generously contributed to the treat and entertainment. Each child was presented with an orange on leaving.

Lymm Volunteer Prize Distribution. on Saturday the annual dinner and prize distribn- tion in connection with the H (Lymm) Company-3rd Volunteer Battalion Cheshire Regiment took place on Saturday evening. Captain Groves preSided and the invited guests included the Warrington Mounted Infantry.--Several speeches having been delivered, a smoking concert was held, the programme being sus- tained mai* by the Warrington EntertainingSocietv, comprising Messrs. W. H, Kendrick. F. Warburton, J. Emson, G. Kendrick, F. 14'ieldhouse, E. A. Saunders, W. H. Ireland, and W. Whittaker. Among other Con- tributors were the Lymnt Handbell Ringers and Mr. Grounds, of Warrington. The following is a list of prize winners :--Private John Ben, Colour-Sergeant FL Wingrove, Private F. Plinston. Sergeant J. Hatton, Sergeant H. Half, Privrte P. Houghton, Private J. Warren, Sergeant J. Shaw, Private Brosson, Pti rata Phillips, Private J. Gray, Private H. Hanghton. Cor- poral J. Houghton, Sergeant Short, Private Cook, Lance-Corporal A. G. Robertson, Private J. IT. Halt, Private Allgayer, Private Ravenscroft; Private Picton, Private G. Holt, Private Jennings, Sergeant J. Clare, Private Leigh, Private C. Plinston, Privvte Percival, Private Shaw, Private Chationer, Private Papamarco ; Recruits: Privates F. Plinstan, P. Cook, E. Papamarco, G. Shaw, R. Lowe, F.. Dandy. . - H. M. AsUTON'S LEFF: TONIC, is the KING Op TONICS.-13, SANK nv-sTnt:E.T, Warrington.—Advt. No Mono-Rail to Brighton. • - -

The London and Brighton Electric Exprk44 Rail- way Company's Bill was formally withdrawn on Wednesday. the measure was introthied into Parliamenl; at the instance, of Mr. Behr (the inventor of the mono-rail system, and the engineer of the authorised Manchester and Liverpool El(ctrio .Expross Railway) for the construction of a line on the mono- rail principle betv,-een London mid Brighton. It had been expected that Mr. Behr and the promoters of the Manchester and ,Liverpool line would have be‘m able to complete a portion or the railway in the neighbour- hood of Warrington in time to give evidence as to he working of such a railway in this country, but isufficient r3pital has not yet been obtained for the undertaking.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETIC'S.

Rugby Football.

By " OValiSt."

The frost was all-powerful Oa Saturday and very few of the regular football fixtures were fulfilled. In fact there were only five Northern Union games altogether, four in the League First Division and one in the Second Division. As usual, Warrington were among the sufferers, and another good home " gate" was lost through the unfitness of the ground. • Those clubs which had got their playing patches.welldovered managed to bring off their engagements, and even such a poor club as Brighouse Rangers managed to defeat the forces of King Frost by the aid of plenty of straw, and the persuasive powers of the Corporation steam roller. There is stole enterprise in such a proceeding as this, and the big crowd at Line Heaal to witness the game with Swinton, doubtless "conpens- ated the " Briggas " officials for their outlay. I wish, as an experiment, Warrington would cover the ground sometime when the winter season lnis set in and let 113 see whether the game is worth the candle. There is plenty of Straw and several steam rollers in the district.

St. Helens should have visited Warrington, and the match would have been an interestiag 0112, eipecially as Warrington had a somewhat experimmtal team. The " Smuts" have to postpone their hour of venc,reance, and I think Warrington will be ready for them when it comes.

Broughton Rangers have soon been deposed from the leadership of the Leagne,not by fralif tx, but by their near neighbours Swinton. The uaexp Ael happened to the Rangers for they entertained a weak (on paper), Oldham team at Wheater's Field and were beaten by 5 points to nil. The display of the home team was shocking, I am told, Wils9a being ab ntt the worst man of the field. Oldh tin were Very energetic, and beating.the_ Rangers_ forward they gave

them no quarter afterwardi. dtlift tyrlaßranghton Rangers each have 23 points out of 21) matchei, while Swinton are at the head of affairs with a lead of two points and 2 L matches prayed. The championship was never in so open a condition, for Swinton, Broughton, Halifax, Salford, Oldham and Rut.corn all have a chance, and the ultimate winners need a lot of picking. For myself I incline to the chances of Swin- ton, especially seeing that they play the Rangers to- day at Swinton and will .probably obtain a further lead.

Batley are another lot who are coming back into form and will probably be prominent once ag tin in the cup-ties. They went to Bradford on Saturday and defeated the home club by 7 points to five points—a bitter pill to Brodley and U-)., who obtained their score before Batley had opened an account. The fourth League match was at Hull where the town club fought a ountrance on the ground of the latter. The Rovers once again gave a dashing display- and quite Outplayed the club to the extent of 10 points to nil.

The League table up to date i 3 a 3 follovr3 For • Agst.

P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. P. Swinton 4-1...30 39-177...17 14— 76_30 Bro'ght'n R 20...12... 4...4...20 38-151... 9 12— 51...28 Halifax 90. 13.. 5 .2 ..17 25-109...12 12— 60_28 Salford 2O .11 5 4...21 21-114-14 13— 67...26 Oldham 19...12... 7...0...19 23-11'3...13 11— 59...24 Bradford —20...10 8...2...23 32-146...18 20— 96...22 Hull 9l lO. 9...2...13 28-110-18 21-103-22 Batley 20...10... 9...1...20 23-109...23- 23-115...21 Runcorn 17. 8. 5 -4_16 25-107...14 11— 61...20 Leih 9O 9. 9...2...19 16-86_14 21— 91...20 Wigan 18... 8... 7...3...17 16— 82...13 16— 74...19 Hunslet 20... 8...11...1...27 16-102-23 37-157...17 Warrington 19... 6... 9...4...13 14— 68,..18 20— 96-16 Huddersfleld.2o... 7...11...2...10 17— 71...21 23-111-16 Widnes 2O. 7...12...1...14 .14—.70..16 24-101-15 Hull K. R 20... 6...13...1... 8 17— 67...27 31-147...13 Brighouse It 21— 4...15...2...11 8— 46...24 39-138_10 St Helens 20... 4...15...1...20 .10— 70...26 45-187... 9

The time-honoured visit to Runcorn takes place to- day, and Warringtoii will doubtless carry with them the encouraging recollection that they won at Irwell-lane last season- They are not very likely to dO. s 3 to-day but the selected team should give the " Linnets " a putting up if the men show anything like form. This season 'Runcorn got a point at Wilderspool,when there was no scoring, and they doubtless believe that they can secure the miximum points to-day. Warrington will rely on the-foll. Awing fifteen : Hallam, full back; Fish,lsher wood,Dicken son and Burgess,threequarters ; Hockenhall and Hunter, half backs ; Boardman, Morrison, Edmondson, Roberts, J. Swift, _Naylor, Harmer and Forster, forwards.

The .Runcorn team will be found under "Runcorn Notes" in another pArt of the paper. Houghton i 5 an absentee, and the versatile Jolley fills the vacancy, his place at half-back being taken by Forster. In other respects the home side i representative. Eq•ct;

Warrington people -will be pleased to see Isher- wood' name on the list once more. He is not looked upon as a certain starter, but there is every reason to hope and believe that he will be fit to don the jersey egain this Saturday. Should he be 'absent Burgess will play centre and Bailey come in on the wing. •:,.;,1

The match to-day will have au important bearing on the South-West Lancashire Competition, and success by the visitors would make them favourites once more for the cup they already hold as one of last seasmb's trophies. The . South-West Izuviashire. Competition table stands as follows :-- Points

P. W. L. D. For Agst.Pts. Leigh 6 ... 3 ... 1 ... 2 ... 34 21 ... 8 Warrin'gton 5 ... 3 ... 1 ... 1 ... 38— 17 ... 7 Runcorn Wigan Widnes 6 ... 2 ... 4 ... 0 ... 11— 20 ... 4 St. linlens

===== 0002601_19030123_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE PAUSTRATES.

A NEGLECTFLTL FATHER SENT TO GAOL.

George Morrell, a labourer, living at 11, Elizabeth- street, appeared before Alderman Shaw Green and other magistrates at the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday on the charge of neglecting his five children.—The evi- dence showed that prisoner did not provide sufficient money for his wife and was repeatedly getting .drunk. On Saturday,- night he came home drunk and turned the children out or the house. They wore obliged to seek shelter at a neighbour's. On visiting the house on Monday evening Serg,:.•ant Cheney found the eldest boy aged 13 sleeping in a bassinette. On one occasion in- spntot Hackett wont to the house and found there was neither food nor fire in it.—Prisoner, who had pre- viously been imprisoned for a similar offence, was sent to gaol for two months.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
Minor Cases.

Warrington Borcirgh Court.

MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (presiding), Alderman Smethurst Messrs. Hayward Wright and Thornton.

„ ROBBING AN Es PLO Y ti.l2.—Frecierick Clutterhuck, 21. Catherine-street, pleaded guilty to stealing a quantity of timber of the value of As. from the mattress works of Messrs. William Hickman and Son, White-street, on the previous Thursday.—The facts of the case as stated by the Chief Constable, wore that the prisoner had been in the employ of Messrs. Hickman for about eighteen months as a mattress maker. At about 6.30 on Thurs- day evening P.C..Clough was on duty in Bewsey-road and met the prisoner carrying a quantity of timber. Ho stopped him and asked Rim how he Came into possession of the wood,and prisoner said he had a per- fect right to it as he was going to do some work for Messrs. Hickman with it. The officer let him go,but on making inquiries he found that the prisoner had no right to bike the timber. On Saturday, P.O Clough and Detective Forster arrested the prisoner at. the works,and on being charged, prisoner admitted the theft and said he was sorry for what he had done. He said he was taking the wood home to make a mattress for his own. use.—Mr. Hickman expressed surprise that the pris*ner should have committed the theft as he had always been asteady workman. He was willing to take him back into his employ and asked the Bench to deal leniently with him. The, magistrates recorded a con- viction against the prisoner and allowed him to go.

.. . . .. OIISTRUCTING BUTTERMARKIIT-STREET.—On the evi- d3nce of P.C. Houghton, James Parry, no, Selby-street, was 'bled ss. for causing an obstruction in Battermarket- street on January 12th, by, having a horse and cart unattended.---The evidehce was that the horse and

vehicle were standing in the street fbr half-an-hour. COMPLA INT FitOM THE Tft AIM' AYS MANAGER.— James Green, hawker, 1, Old Gardens. was summoned for not having a lighted lamp attached to a vehicle of which he was in charge in Horsernarket-street, at .10 p.m. on January 12th,—P.C. Tolley proved the case.— The Chief Constable said numerous complaints had been received from the tnanager of the tramways with refer- ence to these small vehicles being taken about,without lights attached to them, and they were a source of imminent danger.—Defendant was fined 2s. Cd,

NO APPETITE? Try slme Keen's Mustard-' NO APPIrPITE ? with your meat. It will give NO APPETITE? it a flavour and piquaney NO APPETIrE ? which are quite irresistible— _

NO APPETITE? But be. sure It te NO APPETITE? RUN'S D.S.F. MUSTARD,"

===== 0002601_19030123_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY LIMITED.

Annual Meeting.

Mr. Thomas Itirchall, J.P., presided at the annual meeting of the Warrington Co-operative Society held on Monday evening. Amongst those present were : Messrs. W. Jeffray,R. Cook, S. Dunbobbin,E. Williams, T. Critchley, J. Albinson, T. Wadsworth, George Wallington. Crowther, W. Lowe, with Alderman Shaw Green (auditor). Mr. A. H. Rathbone (managing secre- tary, and Mr. W. Ford (cashier). .

TUE PREsIDExr ON Tag SOCIETY'S PROGRESS

The Pay.sinExr stated that that was the 148thTplar- terly meeting in conneetion with the Ca-operative Society in Warrington, and they were entering upon the 43rd year of their existence. He remembered the for- mation of the society; he was then a young Man of 30. The experience of that 42 years had been a valuable .one, and it had brought forth very great results to that society. (Hear, hear.) In the early days of the society they had crowded meetings and many of the members came because they did not know what Was going to happen. I They did net even know whether they were going to Imre a dividend. (Laughter.) The members would see front the b tlanc,i sheet that the society had made an advance in the sales daring the past quarter of .C 3,200. That was a very considerable advance upon last quarter and was very satisfactoryindeed. Looking at the movement generally,he could only say that their progress in Warrtngton was fairly symptomatic of the general advance of the Co-operative movement through- out the country. People Were beginning to realise what a great power it W. 13 and were beginning to take advantage of it. The p tst year had witnessed some curious developments. The private traders of the coun- try seemed to have awakened to the fact that there WAS something in co-operation that was making them afraid. They began to rouse the.nselves and threaten terrible things. Their neighbours at St. Helens, who had made such wonder- ful advancoa, had in spite of the boycott increased their business daring the past quarter by .4.22,000 or £3,000. Tile traders now satiated to have droppA all active op- position and if they were wise they would. The only efflet of the opposition had been to advertise the Co- operative movement and to SD:lle purpose. He (the' President) was in St. Helens last week, following one of the most active members of the St. Helen; society to his last resting place. Tee:a wts a crawled assembly, and the loss to St. Helens would be great. He did not think he had he trd a more worthy tribute paid to any man than that delivered by C mon Willinek on this oc- casion. There was one cause for thankfulness and that was, that as those who had grown grek in the service dropped out of the ranks, there were young men, retdy to step forward and fill up the gaps. There had been a good deal of criticism about the practical beeefits of. co-operation. He thought in one cease there hid been aced tinamount el cynical and unfair criticism. He was not one of those who looked upon co-operativeism merely from its practical benefits of dividend, for it had accomplished a great deal more, but he held in the fore-front the practical benefits that the workingman derived. Let them think for a moment of the immense advantage to the workingmen of this country that the hundreds of thousands of pounds—he might say millions—which were distributed in dividends would be. In Warrington alone they -Would be dividing over ,Cl,OOO as the result of the past quarters sales. A great deal of it would go into homes where there was only 21 a week being earned by the bread winner. By means of the dividend, many were able to make their homes more comfoiteble, to provide more com- forts, and to save for a day when they might be in need. There were members of theirsociaty who never saved at all,and when a man became thriftyit put more back- bone in him and made him look more to the future. The ' thriftless manwtsalways from hand to month and when I the least misfortune-befel him, the community had to keep him. With most of their members that was, not the case. He remernberedhearing one of their members at Barnsley state that during the great coal strike, the I members of the Barnsley Society drew out of the funds £70,000. The members of the Barnsley Society suffered little in- comparsion with those who were not members,and-within three years after the strike,the money which had been withdrawn was put back again. That I was something to makea man independent and if they put more backbone into a man then they were doing a great deal of good. He hoped they Would all think of this great movement and recommend it to their friends. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19030123_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REPORT A!:13 It INCE SIIEP.T.

In their statement, the committee state "they are pleased to report that satisfactory progress is still maintained at the Stockton Heath Branch, The sales for this quarter are £1,732 against £1,141 forlast quarter showing a difference of £291 in favour of the present quarter for which the committee thank the members as well as for their appreciation of the movement. The sales for the quarter amount to £32,405 12s. 3d.,showing an increase of £2,002 12s. sd. over the corresponding quarter ofJast year,and £3,201 Hs. 10d. over last quarter, The profits, after providing for all liabilities, deprecia- tion, interest on capital, amounting to £529 13s. 5d., wilt allow a dividend of 3s. in the X, on Members' pur- chases.

The report wasadopted on the proposition of the pre- sident, seconded by Mr. W. Jeffery.

ELECTION OF PREifDENT

The PRESIDENT said the next bUsiness was the appointment of a President. He would now vacate the chair.

Mr. Jeffery took the chair. Mr. ALBINBON moved the ro-election of Mr. Birchill. Mr. GEORGE WALLINGTON seconded, and observed that Mr. Birchall had held the position for 37 yoqrs. He woul dbe glad to see him complete 40 years as their Presidpnt. (Hear, hear.)_ -

Mr. JEFFERY supported the proposition and said they might go further and far worse. The proposition was carried unanimously. Mr. 13rnetn.r.r., on again taking the position of pre- sident, thanked the members for the confidence they displayed in him. Ife•believed his position was a unique one in co-operativeism, for he was told that no other man had held the position of president for so long a time. All the work he had done for the society was work he was thoroughly satisfied with, and would do it again if he had the' opportunity. ALDERMAN SHAW3OREENIRE-ELECTED AUDITOR. N. JEFFERY moved the re-election of Alderman Shaw Green as auditor, and referred to the great inter- est Mr. Green took in the society and the care with which he audited the accounts.

..... Mr. DITNROBBIN seconded the proposition. Mr. WA LLINGTos' supported, and stated that Mr. Green was a man worthy of thoir confidence. After so many statements had,been made against their public men he was very glad to have that Opportunity of saying that he had every confidence in Alderman Shaw Green and several other gentleman who had been so much scandal- ised during the last few months. (Hear, hear.) Mr. RATRBONE also supported the proposition, and referred to the very great pains which Alderman Green took in discharging his duties as auditor. The proposition was carried unanimously. Alderman SHAW GREEN acknowledged the compli- ment in feeling terms.

THR COMMITTEE. The PRESIDENT announced that four members of the committee retired and were eligible for re-election. These gentlemen were: Mr. Robert Cook, Mr. Samuel Dunbobbin,Mr. William Jones and Mr. Thomas Critchley. Mr. WILLIAM LOWE propos9d the election of Mr. Crowther, but there was no seconder. _

On the proposition of Mr. GEORGE WA LL ING TON, the four retiring committee men were re-elected.

PROPOSED VIS IT TO CO-OP) RAT IV E INSTITUTIONS. . -

_ Mr. OttowTHER suggested that if arrangements could be made for a picnic of the members to some of the wholesaloSociety's establishments, it might do some- thing to increase the interest of the members of the society.

It WA. S pointed out that there were considerable diffi- culties in the way of arranging a suitable day. The SECRETARY said he would he pleased to conduct any of the • members through the wholesale depart- ment at Manchester any Tuesday.

It wu decided that the matte i should be further con- I dorod

===== 0002601_19030123_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
SUMO DEATH OF THE REV. DR,

PRESTON.

The Rev. William Preston, D.D., died soddenly at Rftskelfo Vicarage, Easingwold, Yorkshire on Friday last. For many years he was Vioar of Yorkshire, Trinity Church, Runcorn, and was held in high esteem by the member of every denomination in the town. Dr. Preston recently had i attack of influenza. but seemed to be recovering, when on Friday morning ho died from heart failure. _

In 1885 the dec.elsed was ordained deacon by the Bishop of Ripon (for York), and in 1886 he received priest's orders. At that One he was curate at Atter- cliffe, Sheffield. In 188° he was removed to the curacy of St. Catherine's,Tranmere, where he remained until 1870, when he came to St. George's, Liverpool. His stay in this city was but brief, for in 1872 he was offered the vicarage of Holy Trinity, Runcorn. There he remained until 1898 when ho became Vicar of Raskelfe, in Yorkshire._ Dr. Preston obtained the

di' roe ok B.A. at Trinity College, Dublin, in 1872, M.A. in 1975, and B.D. and D.D. in 1899. Asa preacher he wan very popular, and many of his sermons have been published. He was the author of numerous works on "Church and State." For many years he strongly advocated the cause of the Society foe Promoting Christianity among the Jews,'his frequent visits to Palestine hiving kindled his enthusiasm in 'the matter. He also lectured a great deal for the Bible Society. For years he was chaplain .of the 2nd V. 13. Cheshire Regiment, and was nearly completing his long- service time. At Raskelfe he w.is m,st populqr, his genial manner endearing him to all. Dr. Preston was all his life throngh,devotNlly attaehe:l t.) evangelical truth. He married Marv, the daughter of the late Mr. B. Darhyshire, J.P.. of Birkenhead, who with his two daughters survive him.

Rnx TONNEAU 6 11. P. MoTort CAR, send-band, &put to now.—Apply J. S. GA 111, ANO, Motor Oar Dopst, 51,33, et 55, Bridge-st.,Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Fireman's Dinner. There was a pleasant gathering at the Cattle Mar- ket Hotel on Friday evening when the members of. the fire brigade held their annual dinner. A. capital repast was provided by the host anal hostess (Mr. and Mrs. F. nounell.). After dinner the suprintendent (Mr. F. Turner) took the chair. The usual loyal and patriotic toasts were honoured, after which various. members of the brigade contributed both c aute and sentimental songs, which were rendered in good style by Fireman (I-. Vernon, Sergeant H. Co )k, and Messrs. W. Dalton, A. Monks, A. Blackshaw,W. Powell, H. Warburton, J. Archer, and Engineer J. Wakefield._ The accompanist was Mr. W. Jackson. Mr. Woods. gave some very amusing selections on the phonograph. An enjoyable evening was brought to a close by the- into rig of " s the King." Spiritualists' Gatherings. Mr, AV. Johns m, president of the National Spiritualist Union, gave an interesting address t ) the, Lyceum at the Spiritualist Hall, Rewsey-street, on Sunday afternoon, and in the evening dealt ably with a number of questions submitted by the audience, On Monday the annual New Year tea and social took place. A go 1(1 number of members and friends par.- to)k of tea, which was followed by an enjoyable pro- gramme of music, singing, phonograph " records,r dancing, and games. Mr. J. Collin manipulated phonograph, and a varied selection afforded consider- able pleasure. A quartet-party. consisting of Miss. Furness, Mr. F. Prvce-Jones, Mr. AV. Massey, and Mr.. H. Foster, sang " killarney. " in capital style, and the- three gentleman in conjunction with Arthur Foster• sang " Allan Water " with good taste. Mr. H.. Foster sang two humorous songs, " The dollar never. grew" and " and have it out like I did," in. :i manner whic'i Caused great merriipent, and Messrs. W. Massey and F. Fos.er played a golin duet. Mr. Joseph Foster presided very effic'ently at the piano. acting throughout as accompanist, and also playing for dancing. Mr. Stout, who presided, expressed the- thanks of the Committee to all who had helped in any- way to make the social such a success. . The Thelwall Nuisance.

At a meeting of the Thelwall Parish Council on. Monday evening, Mr. N. Taylor presiding, the Clerk read a letter from Admiral Jones Parry in connection with "the Thelwall Nuisance," in which he stated that he and Mr. Linaker had examined the drains and: sewers in Weiste-lane. They were both of opinion that there was no necessity for the expenditure now being ,incurred.—Mr. Taylor said he. had • visited Weaste-lane: He found the old pipes, which were beini.`; taken .up, quite free from any trace of sewage,. the effluent was clear and there was no sediment and no smell. He had also thoroughly examined the drains, traps, &c., at Cuerden Hall, and was sure that Mr. Naylor's sewerage scheme was as perfect as modern sanitary engineering could make it.—Mr. Roe- buck said he had been told on good authority that a 15-inch pipe was sufficient to carry off the sewerage- of a town of 20,000 inhabitants, awl if that was true, he could not understand why they wanted an 18-inch pipe for Weaste-lane. —Mr. Hatton proposed the follow- ing resolution be sent to the County Council :--" The Th.elwall Parish Council protests against the expendi- ture now being incurred in Weaste-lane, on the ground that it is unnecessary, the Council being of opinion, from inspection, that the Weaste-lane sewer, now being taken up, is efficient and satisfact:)ry, and that the sewage from the houses which are connected. with this sewer cannot possibly have caused such a smell as is described by Mr. Naylor and his sup- porters."--The resolution was seconded by Mr. Houghton, and carried.

===== 0002601_19030123_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCEPTIONAL ADVANTAGES

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALKER. S.; CO., at The Examiner General Printing Works,, Bewsey-street, -and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Office, Victoria-road,, WIDNEs, :32, George-street, S. HELENS and 3, Market-. street; EARLESTOWN,in. the County of Lancashire,and also at High-street, RUNCORN, in the County of Ches— hire, JANUARY 32RD, 1903,

===== 0002601_19030123_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WAPPINGTON. TO-MORRCW (SUNDAY) JANUARY 18th GUILD FRSTIVAL. At 10.3 n and 6.30 Rev. W. B. FII.7,GBRALD. All welcorna. Hymn hooks provid.d.

OUGHT I TO WEAR GLASSES? ALL SUCH QUESTIONS ARE WILLINGLY ANSWERED AND THE . SIGHT TESTED FREE OF CHARGE. Glandes only recommended where necesdarv. Call or write for my 10 page Booklet on" Defective eight."—Free of charge. I. HEILBRON, SIGHT SPECIALIST. EYE TESTING ROOMS FOR SPECTACLES. 84, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.;

GOLBORN B-STR RT, BAPTIST UUUtCH WAIUIIIc(noN. TO-MORnOW (SUNDAY). JANUARY 18TH. (/1-IURCH ANNIVI(RiARY. RBV. PROF. BUM BY, M.A. MORNING 10 45.. EVENING 6.3). AFTERNOON 2,30. ADDRESS To YOm'lcG PROPLIi BY PROF. BUMBY. Mr. DUNNIC() will preach on Wednesclxv at 8 15

PARRA BANK LINIITED.—NoTicE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the 38TH ANNUAL ORDINARY GENERAL 11 RETING of this Company will be held at the CANNON-STREET HO rEL, LoNDON. EC., on THUM- DAY, the 29T1! DAY OF JANUARY. 1913. at One O'clock p.m., for the purpose of declaring a dividend to be payable on the 4th February ; electing Directors and Auditors , and conducting the Ordinary Bust,ness of the Company. The Transfer Books will be closed trom Wednesday, 21st January to Thursday 12th February both days inclusive. By Order R. W. WHALLEY, General Manager. Bartholomew-lane. London, E C. 17th January, 1903. UNDER THE DISTINGUISHED PATRONAGE OF THE MAYOR AND MAYORE3S OF WARRINGTON. A REMARKABLE CONCERT ! ! AIR. R. H. PEARSON'S GREAT "ANDREW BLACK" CONCERT. INCLUDING THE WoRLD-FAMOUS PRIMA DoNNI. MADAME ELLA RUSSELL., PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9TH, AT 8 P.M. PLAN AND TICKETS NOW }CADY AT MR. IL H. PEARSON'S MUSI.I DEPOT, 10, BOLD-STREIVI, WARRINOTON. EARLY BOOKING ADVISED, FEBRUARY 3RD To 7TH.

j-LLUMINATED ADDRItSSCS, DIE-STARPING leao-Similes of Handwriting. Typewriting, plans, quan titles is.. copied and lithographed.— BROOKS AND BJY, Law Stationers 11, Queen-street, Warrington. -L'AtITHENWARE HOT WATER BOTTLES, 1..4 Is 6d EACH : holds 3 pints ; a comfort for the cold weather.—W BEswicx.Buttermarket-street. Warrington.

--- IF YOU WANT A NIYSTKRY Si)LVKD. Suspected EmployePs Watched. Divorce 14vidence, consult ALLEN, GitUNT, BOWEN & Co.. 57, Bransford-road, Fallow - field, Manchester. Private Inquiry Asten;s.

QPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TRRNS for our Celebrated lOs. bd. (to measure) TROUSBRI. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AD 00, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Llveroool, All soods sent carriage paid.

{s'a MOE JACEETS SEMOK ,JACKL,MS 1.7 livery workman should have on of HAMM'S cele- brated 4s. 6d. time Jackets, strong, warm. and comfortable; try them.-65, BYRox-STREET. Liverpool.

("OUNTY BOROUGH OF ST. H E LENS.— 1 The Corporation of St. Helens are urepareri to accept LOANS ON DHPOSIT, repayable at three months' notice on either side, at th. following rates of interest : Sums cf i'2o up to 21,(.00, at 3 per cent. Do. £l.OOO and upwards at „ Interest payable half-yearly. JNO. BROWv, Borough Treasurer.

AIUDIE'S NIANCHETER LIBRARY. ' CIRCULATING. ENGLISH AND FOREIGN BOOKS. TERMS OF euiticitTpTioN : THRICE MONTHS 7g.: SIX MONTHS 125.; TWELVE MONTHS 215., AND UPWARDS. NEW BOOKS RECEIVND THE DAY OF PUBLICATION. PROSPECTUS of the Librarr 'lnd Catalogue of Secand- hand Books on sale. nos' free on application. 10-12 BARION ARCADE, MANCHESTER.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. BYE-LAWS. For the good rill, and government of the ADMINIS- TRATIVE COUNTY OF CHESTER (excepting the Municipal Br.,raugba of CONGLETON. CREWE, DUKINKIELD. HYDE. MACCL&-FIELD, and STALYBRIDGE situate therein). NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the following Bye-Laws were duly made at a Meeting ot the Cheshire County Council held at Chester Cestl^, on THURSDAY, tl e 13th day of NOVEMBER, 1902, and having beAn publianed as required by the Stang,' in that behalf, and ds,nneited with the Heine Secretary for the period of 40 days and nc.t having teen dir.- allowed, are row in force. viz. : PLACING OR DEPOSITING BROKEN GLASS &c., ON BIGHWAYS OR arriEtt PUBLIC PLACES. No rson shall place. deposit, or leave any article of glass or any broken glass, or other sharp sub- stance, not being road material, on any highway or public place, in a position in which the same is likely to cause danger or anncyatc3:to passengers or damrge to nrope-rty. HEDGE CUTTINGS, Sze. No pet sin shalt suff,sr any cuttings of trees or hedges to remain upon any highway or public place, in a position in which tee same are likely to cause danger or annoyance to passengers or damage to property, for a longer period than one hour after sunset on the day upon which they shall have been cut. ANNOYANCE ON SUNDAY. No person on any public coach or otner public vehicle for the cenveyance of pastsengors, or on any coach, brake, waggonette, or other vehicle hired or used for the conveyance of pleasure parties and the like, shall on Sunays blow any horn, or use any other, noisy instrument, or make, or combine with any other person or persons to make any loud singing or outcry while passing through any town, village, or h.mlet, or by any Church, Chapel, or other place of Public Worship, to the annoyance or interruption of residents within any such town, village, or ban:att, or any persons worshipping in any such Church, Chaptl, or other place of Public Worship. Nothing in t'ile Bye-Law shall prevent the use of a horn in n teasonable manner by one person 03 a coach or sim.lar vehiele, PENALTIES. Any person who shall offend s.gainst any of the for- going Bye-Laws "ball be liable on summary convic- tion for each rffsence to a penalty nct exceeding forty shillings REGINALD POTTS. Clerk ot the Cheshire County Council. Chester. 1.1• Jinnarv. 1903.

HAIR COMBINGS mnde up 2/- per oz. -LA COVRRI;RTTR TAILS OF FROM HAUL FRAMRi, PcTRE FROM NE; EACH. HAIL 5/6 T S BROWN, 3, LBIiICR ST (CAR STATION), LIVIMPOOL. USEFUL PREiENTS. PURSES. PHOTO ALBUMS, DRESSING AND JEWEL CASES, WRITING DESK 9. WORKBOXES, BIRLES. PRAYER BOOKS, Icc. FINE SELECTION at LOW PRICES. T T 11 HAZgLIIS, 66, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL

UPON NY SOLE. I STAMP THE PRICE IN PLAIN FIGURES I WANT Se. Cid. AND NO MORR FOR THE 13135 T PAIR OF BOOTS AT ANY OF MY BRANCHES. ARTHUR EVANS, LoNDON-ItOAD. LlVRftpont.

TOR COUGHS, COLDS, ASTHMA and . BRONCHITIS, the only reliable cure in existence is CANBY'S ASTH ATICAL OUG H BALSAM. It has no equal. Sold everywhere in bo'tles at Is Ifd and 2, sd, or siost free from CANBY & CO„ WHOLICSALS DRUGaIRTS, PRNOLRION, MANCHRSTBit. Irs "CAN-13K51 CURED.

DENTISTRY. THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, LTD, 6, MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. EVERY W EDNESDAY AND FRIDAY, PAINLESS EXTRACTION' WITH GAS. 2s 6D. A COMPLETE SET OP TEETH. 21s. 6, MARKET STREET (OVEn MYNEICYNIeS).

'RIP} STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STBAMBRU. , • • LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK eta OCR ANIC Wed , Jan 28 CFLTIC • Weil.. Feb 18 GERMA Wed., Feb 4 OCR tNIC ......Wed.. Feb 25 CBDRIC Wed., Fe!) 11 ,OR 'MANIC ...Wed., Mar 4 Third Class passanize at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. Apply to ICNAY. Imma, and Co., LiVOrdool, 17 Cookspur 10,4. S.W.. ftin,i 74. T osti.nha:l Street. Innnr.

PHONOGRAPHS. PHONOGRAPHS from 716 PHONOGRAPHS. AN IDEAL HOME 1310TERTAINER. THE CITY DEPST FOR THE FDISON AND COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPHS AND RBCORDS. • ICICORD3 Is. 6D. BACH. THE AM kTEUR PROTOGRAPHIC DEPT 71. OXFORD STRICRT, !THAR. ALL SAIN M ANC HIinTER.

T(1 . /LARK g, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, I. XAMINKR" OFFICE, 33, MARRHT STREET, RATILUSTOWN, FOR GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY and FANCY GOODS, PURSES, ALBUMS. PORTRAIT FRAMES AND OTHER LISISFOL ARTICLES, go to tbe above addreas. AGENT FOR THS WESLEYAN nEtNIIRAL'ASSCRANCE SOCIETY.

• VI iLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND IMPAIRER. Pupil of (I. A. Chanot) 57, RENSHAW(-STREHT (corner of Benson-greet), LIVERPOOL. ry ..LOBACCO, CIGAR S, • CIGARETTES, SNUFF'!. EXORS, OF WM. FIARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER 5a,..).11..b...1 an v.....

TELEPHONE NO. 355-Y• LEDGERS, CASH ROOKS, JOURNALS, DAY BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, INVOICES. STATEMENTS. &c., &c. ALL KINDS OF PRINTING FOR CONCERTS TEA PARTIES AcconT BooKs, &c. MADE TO ORDER. JOHN ALKER AND Co., "EXAMINER" OFFICE. BEWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON

MANLY M EN' Why safe from 'pains and misery flamed by riervousnes Premature Pixhaustion, anci Wasting Weakness ? Send f,4 my book, which shows tow every men, young and old, ero be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOIfACtt DIRDICISIS or ELHOTRIOITY. Specimens of letters receievd, and guar utteed genut "I cannot find words to express 114,14.Ji am. used to think I never would goo cure I I wish I had seen your alvertiseusent at first. I shotAld have saved many pounds.—G.F.M." "I nave carried out your Instructions, and am now pet, fectly well.—J.F." Book tent sealed, post free, for two stamps. LEIGH, 92 and 93, Great Russell Street. London, V.C. Sendat once and be mired. 12 Year. Contintuels sumwy,

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, Manufacturer. and Patentees of High Cla ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed, MACDONALDS PAINLESS Cl YSTEk A Household Word. • MACDONALDS TEETH Fit aril quality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets. 205.; inlal,l gold, 435. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record Bays: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor Says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says; In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says : Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Of igival Testimonials. NIACDONALDS, • ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAY., 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 11, RYIANDS-ST AT MISS TURNER'S. WEDNFSDAYS. 11 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH-ST. , ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

THOSII WISHING TO RBALIZII Olt OBTAIN MORTGAGBo ON LIFE POLICIES, REVERSIONS INTERE-4'S UNDER WILLS OR ANNUITIES CAN OBTAIN THE NROBSSAIIY INFORMATION FROM WILLIAM NICHOLAS, 30. NORT/4 JOHN STIIIIRT. LIVBRPOOL.

GUINNESS'S ÜBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTED ALVS IiLLSOPP'S WILD APID BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOE BITTNBB. WHEATLEY'S GINGER DICER. To be had In CASE or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Aleo Manufacttp.er of HIGN CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Sere w-stopp.red Bottler. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET. JOSEPHWOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STRE tfT, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURN [SHED LINDF.II PER4ONAL SUPERVISION. ESTIMATES GWEN FOR AIL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PU,CTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

Ha DOW LI NG, . RENTS AND DEBTS ESTATE, INSURANCE. COLLECTED COMMISSION AGENT. Office: 2, BOLD-STREET, WAIIRINGTON. Privete Address ; 21, Hllesrnere•roAd, Stnektonliee.h.

ESTABLISHED 1872, JOHN SHAW & SON, WATCHMAKERS AND JEWELLERS. 52, MARKET-STREET, MANcH ESTER. -- J SHAW SON inrite inspection of their aplemild STOCK of GEM RINGS, from 20s to RlOO. GOLD BROOCHES, BRACHLErs, and Long GU OW CHAINS. J. SHAW ts SON'S Speciality :—Gent's High-cl Ass ENGLISH LEVliii WAVIHNS, 18-ct.. Gold, from Ell lie. Sliver, from 31/6, special value. Large assortment of Solid Silver and Blpctro-plated goods, suitable for Wedding an .1 other Presents, act. DONR ON THII PREMISES. A staff of competent men kept TELRPHONR NO. 5.267

GEDDES S DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pub Sold by all Grocers and Dm:mists, In ()sulfates 6d., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholess,. by Z. GBDIIIIS AND SON. LTD WARRINGTOz4 RSTATILISI4I4II 1833

HARCOURT'S PENNYROYAL, STRHL AND TANSRY PIrL, nig BERT REMEDY FOR ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTB. ROXEY I/11 2/3 4/6, POST FREE 25, OXFORD GARDENS, KIiNiINGrON, W.

A. AND J. NITAINE, PAN, NBROKHRS. JBWIILLMIS, AND SILVRFISM.THS, 17, RICHMOND-STRKwr, WHITTICHAPRL, LI VH l POOL, One minnte's walk from Ohurch•street. Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent. at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Properttc of every description. OLD GOLD 4ND S'LlritH BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actor Parliament. Strictest secrecy and stralgintforward dealing combined A CHOIOII SRLBCTION of ORNUINB JBWEILLBRY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. China, Marble Clocks, Pictures, Ac , An.. always on tinle We nre now offering BOMA Special BAffriklNS in DIAMOND JBWRI.LIIKY. I.4l)llks' end GENTLRMBN'S RINGS. SCARF PINS, BROOCH MS, Ac. /to We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. BNQUIRIBS lY it•osl RHURIVII PROMPT ATTRNTI ON. JRWALLBRY RRPAIRS Alterations and Mountincts of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly cone. Lowest Prices in Liverpool ter Gold Chains. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACRLIITS, Ac. GOLF) and ILVI4R W TO 1-11143. DIIRSS and ENGAGBMBNT RINGS at prices to suit all pocket°. M 'LAINE'S RICHMOND in MEET. LIVERPOOL. ROCHE'S lIERBA.L EMBROCATION.

-HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effeetua HOOPING COUGH eure Icithout internal OOPING COUGH n7e-IfiZif, MPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4,4; 1 t per bottle. Sold Whole- DRONC/lITIS tqlle Atzents : W. FDWARDS ) &ON, 157, Queen Victoria (AROC? tree, London.

FRANK DAVIS, NUGGET SPORTING AGENCY MIDDELEURG. HOLLAND. MANCHESTER N0V14:413E11 ,HANDICAP c. A Daily Price Li.t iwoue4 showing late 4 market ctlansge. WRITE FOR MY CIIINAT MANCHPSTER NOVEMBER HANDICAP ,lECULAR. A WEEKLY PLACING- CONTEST. For all further particulars address Re above..

ASK YOIJR STATIONER FO :MORRELL'S ". IN K ' • (UNDER ROYAL PATE°. 'AGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPw ft 'D BOTTLES WITH !IP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVPT FADE had wholesale from SAM N. GRHEN, 'kIARTCU PL“.71,1 \'IRINGTON

G. AND J. WEAVER 88, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. CABINET MAKERS AND UPHOLSTERERS, ANTIQUE FURNITURE DEALERS, ETC., SOUND AND RELIABLE FURNITURE AT REASONABLE PRICES. REMOVAL CONTRACTORS. BY ROAD AND RAIL TO ALL FARf3 OF TOWN AND COUNTRY. • WAREHOUSE AND WORKS: FRIARS GREEN. TELEPHONE No. 3571.

S. MORRIS & CO WINE AND SPIRIT MERCHANTS. FINEST QUALITIES KEPT. 43, HORSE A RKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK. LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

HENRY MILES & Gys ANNUAL WINTER SALE, ON MONDAY NEXT, 26TH INST• AND FOLLOWING DAYS, AT "THE SIGN OF THE GLOVE." 25 AND 25A, CHURCH-STREET (OPPOSITE PRO-CATREDRAL.) AND 8; WILLIAJISON-STREET, LIVERPOOL, TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS. IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. WINTER STOCK MUST BE CLEARED PRIOR TO STOCKTAKING. . CATALOGUES FLEE ON APPLICATION.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 129 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, 4 EWELLERt, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MA.BERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OF ErinlT DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS'. PRICES. Old 'old and Silver Antique., Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. tdoLoy advance on 7ewellety, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, ece., to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERMOL, FRAlidis MAKBR AND PRINT WILLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Preeents, School Prises, &a. Terms Moderate. A VINd °GLUM PIO c OF PILO L'OGdAPHS for °rye.°leum end Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM-. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM BY bY EAI)E'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. ONE BOITLF (HIRED! I InTWO HOURS ALL PAIN WAS GONE. 58.• Northumberlatid-etteet, North-greet, Poplar. 78, Swan-lane, Bolton. November sth, 1900. November 14th. 1901. have much pleasure in writing to tell you of the Dear Sir,—l was advised three years ago to try your Pills great good your Pills have done me. I have been laid up for Rheumatic Gout in my feet, and am glad to say they for nine weeks with Gout, and could not trove out. sr bed, cured ma. I have not taken any for twc years till last Having taken one bottle of your Gout and Itheinnatic Pills, week when I WA3 taken with it again its the arm and it has restored me to health. 'MeV act like traizie. I have shoulder. I immediately took three of your Pills and in recommended them to all my frifuds.—Yours sincerely.tl. two hours all pain was gone. I have recommend them to M. RELLY:ec many of my friends.—Yours truly RnPlito, A. H MIME. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are,perfectly safe in their rettoi, eliminnte;all Injurious. Are perfectly safe in their actions, eliminate all inyurious mattPr, and are highly restorative. matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in tottles, is ltd. and 2. 9d.. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, 1s lid. and 2s. 94.. or sent post free for stamps or P. 0. by the Proprietor post free for atemps er P. 0. by the proprietor. GEORGE RADE, 232, Goswell-road, London, GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. EAPE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC MIAS

BENSON'S SALE. DRESSES, JACKETS, BABY-LINEN AND GENERAL DRAPERY. STYLISH DRESSMAKING FOR CASEI, 11, SANKEY STREE r, WARIINGTON.

MISSES WOODS, 10, RYLAND,-STREET, WARRINGTON, WINTER SALE co MIIIINCING TUESDAY NEXT, JAN. 20TH. A SPECIAL LOT OF CORSETS TO BE SOLD AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.

B. 'WADSWORTH'S GRAPHOPHONBS AND GRAMOPHONES ARE THE TALK OF THE TOWN. LARGE STOOK OF RECORDS AT LOWEST PRICES. FRESH SUPPLIES ARRIVING ALMOST DAILY, 59, SANKEY-STRIMT, WARRINGTON.

FR ISM DAILY. DAVY'S CRLRBRATRD SHEFFIELD POLONRY. BRAWN, LUNCHRON SAUSAGR. YORKSHIRB PIES. ANY WEIGHT TO ORDER ALSO TB FINEST PORK SAUsAGR, PLAIN AND TOMATO FLAVOUR, BURY PUDDINGS, LUNCH TONGUE, ETC. JOHN ASHLEY 61, SANKIIY-STRRET. WARRINGTON.

FOR GROWING CHILDREN AND ADULTS OF WEAK CONSTITUTION, a sound, strengthening food is required. One that will build up the system and induce an appetite for other foods. I (:),OD LIVER OIL EMULSION IS JUST SUCH A FOOD. It is a highly nutritiv and palatable mixture of various ingredients with the finest Norwegian Cod Liver Oil, r.nd is so prepared that the unpleasant taste of Cod Liver Oil is prac— tically eliminated. CHILDREN LIRE IT. READ THE FOLLOWING : "MESSRS. BOOTd CASH CHEMIST 4. "June, 1902. "Gentlemen,--I have much pleasure in testifying to the benefits which my child has derived from Cod Liver Oil Emulsion. Up to the age of four months he was a delicate and puny child The doctors ordered him Cod Liver 011 Emulsion. so I started by giving him it.endby the time he hart taken the second bottle we noticed a great improvement in him, so I con- tinued giving it with such success that I can honestly say he is one of the finest children in the town. He Is just fifteen months o'd, and during teething he is no trouble whatever I have recommended Emulsion to a great many of my friends and they all say that they will give it a fair trial. ' This is an unsolicited testimonial, and you are at liberty to make what use you like of it, and baby's photo as well." COD LIVER OIL EMuLsIoN HELPS TO FORM BONE, MUSCLE, AND SINEW, STRENGTHENS THE SYSTEM. 4/6 Bottlegfor 1/8, 2/3 Bottle for 1/- AT ALL BRANCHES OF B 0 YTS CASH CHENIIST3, LARGEST BEST AND CHEAPEST nETAIL CHEMISTS IN THE WORLD. • LOCAL ADDRESSES : 126, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON 5, BRIDGE STREEr. .

T. G-. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND MANCHESTER NOVENIBKR HANDICAP. SPECIAL OFFER £l.OOO TO 24 6D. CESAREWITCH AND cam BR/ DGII3H THE PLAYFUL DOUBLE { 3000 to 1 to Win Limns 300 to 1, 1 2 3 See "TEE TURF REGISTER, 'Bent post free.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S • CHLORODYNE. INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA, AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS. This old and tried reniedylhas stood the test of two generations. REFUSIR to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE: the ORIGINAL emu be bad of ALL CHEMISTS if ylu let it be seen that you are not, weak enough to accept an limitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME; is. 4D., 2s, 9D., 4s. 6D., THE PRICES.

FOR MORE Tyrsiv TwENTY TEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HATE DERVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE HILO Al WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND. • They are universally known to be the best Remedy for Aaremia, Debility, Depression, Weakness. and Female Ailments. Of Chemists and Stores everywhere. oxes 9i. is lid. 2s 91, 4s ed, aria us, or under coy ir from the Proprietor 309, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING RILL, LONDON. W.

- - - - - - SAM N. GREEN, IRON3IONGER AND GENERAL DEAR, THE SPOT SHOP. FISH MARKEP, WARRINGTON. FOR:USEFUL ARTICLES FOR XMAS. FOR BEST VALUE IN EVERYTHING. GO 7 0 SIM N. GREEN'S.

OOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT DT OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RBSTUARANT IN TOWN.

i,• g pi „ N. . Is the enjoyment of all ‘ • t- ~. -1 ...- , ,14 " who shop by post during A ...,. NOBLE'S ... . L Money - Saving i 4', , SALE -'4,- 't C, FREE GIFT pre- ! 2,, /A i; sented with this Costume , -,, V during the Sale. i. 'fi SALE ~, 0 / , /‘ `'' ' CATALOGUE ,- .. ~., r; /4i sent Post Free ." :".., se :.,.. A , -171 c, MODEL 1592. :( 1 / ' Fashionable Coat andSlcirt, =,4..„ .. Coat 30 ins. long. Well ''..: • -1,,,, serge9or_A"lv Croatipg, ':.,, 7. :: itct., Im2jea.suCraer rle ,tilt _:..leswo "A e, ..,i .; A1c...'1‘,., Tweed, 25/6. "..t '..44' JOI-IN - .., , - . .- .... ~- 1,,, 9 , 6 brook St. Mills, • - di'l ri •if / ,-ka'• ' ) //i .., /n ManehesterTA -,:s: ~..,-',....-40..A,,,'4,f-..- : • • • .

, 1 ' - • ock itil POST '- "..''' ; Ole 412:iii.. The BEST BALL .1 that can be pro- .:4. 14. _ ~e,,f5.1.1.411 duced, why pay 1 46`..e:,- ' i24,9V-Cr, . i more for inferior ti.s.,--...., . -, , , ,i imitations ~,, ...e.. .„,,,.: / which have 3or "ski IA ~.,,,,,, 4 times as many ' 1 ',.,-; :.t.f• ,t,• sections, conse- -4-t?t quently more 1 . • z-_-_,----,-._,' I stitching and , seams, both of which are a source of weakness. 0 THE FOOTBALL KING is a durable ball and the only Patent that has stood the test of 12 seasons. Known throughout the World. Used by the Junior Clubs because it is economical, and the League Clubs because it is the best that can be selected at any price. Round, sound and durable. Case and Bladder unconditionally warranted. , e..:.' " *.t,-, ' ' ' ' .7,-.) c: ":.::. -.'• ' , -,' ' ' , talhtivrigia:EeiiiiT 4 - . "4, k,e)4" t 41.3 4.^.-41,•= o, i-, .V-. 'ft ; t .„,•-r A ; : Wir -

A 4Tr fikii 111 gt.r.1,1 1.3 tk: th 3 Puri'Zy of Cc:oas:

Cocoas treated with alkali and chemicals have a medicinal scent when the tin or packet is opened, and will be a darker colour when in liquor. n n 2„ii Li) „j 4. COCOA has no addition of any kind, and is o=3:lad Absolutely Pure. The Lancet (ify 27,1899) says: "The tltement that Cadbury's Cocoa is an absolutely pure article cannot be controverted in view of th 2 results which, in our hands this excellent article of food has yielded." CIODURY'S C:COA contains no admixtures, such as Kola, Malt, Hops, Alkali; &c. It is a per!ect lood. conurivis cum AbscCutely PUR.I7. Therefave BEST

WARWICK ROUSH SOHOOL. Poulton-le-Pyle. Black- pool; excellent education ; h4ppy home; Bea and country air.—Prin I, —J yroe -. 14 C.PR.O44RRSPN

‘Af 111.6 HP-0U L t ttAss Mats os.l ft LIU L..— Co:won:Ole Vl'. home. Good education. 21 guineas yearly. Liver- pool and Manchester references. Through trains.

lii SR. FRED PODMORE. PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, RIiCisIVAS PUPILS on piano and organ. Central room, Reduced terms for Juniors. Open for engagements. —Apply 32, LOVELV•LANE, Warrington.

HIGH-CLASS AND SIItAitu6SFUL .t3OARDINU AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Terms Moderate: Splendid Ptsition : Every Comfort.— Apply C. H. HODGSON, M.A. (Oxford), Waterloo High School. It!undelimpls. VAIREIAVEN HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS near St. Annes-on-Sea Bracing position,seaside.extensive accommortation High-cla.ts Modern Educatiun. Staff includes President Bal Mistress, and nine Certificated Teachers. Exams. suceesses, Principal : Miss %JIMA N.

BAHROGATIC.—THINITY COLL/CGS —Head M4ster, Mr J P HUGHES. assisted by resident University men and visiting masters. Fine situ/A.lmi. modern appliances, cricket and football field, tennis courts, swimming bath. gymnasium. Good tesult3 in alliExamluations. Next term September 18.

IL ERNEST WILIUGS, A.L.C.M., Professor of Musie.Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ()EGAN, THEOHY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes galueu by pupils. Large three—manual organ fur pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LINE. Warrington. DOS ATH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, WREXHAM.— ..Li, Pict cipais Miss Evans and Miss Jones, Beautiful house and grot is, hockey, tennis, cycling, gymnasium, great attention to music, a.t, moieru languages : resident gradu- ates and other mistresses ; recent successes in Lond. Metric Cambridge Locals and Assoc : Board, It A NI, It CI M, in- clusive terms. S 0 U Tar ou'r m 01) N 6CHUOL, SCARISBRICK NEW ROAD. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. HEADMASTER—J. 0. UNDERWOOD. A.C.P., F H G.S. NEW RESIDENCE for BOARD a tes recently opened. THE SOWA'HPORT VISITEH says: " The behool is now undeubtedly one of the very best of its class i Southport."

WARRINGTON 0 ttAll SI AR SCHOOL—TIT NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN on TUE6DAY, JANUARY 20th, 1933. TIER HEADMASTER WILL BE AT HOME to INTER- LBW PARENTS on MONDAY. JANUARY 19th, P.IitARATORY FORM for boys from 8 to 12 years of age. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, &C. PROSPECTUS AD ECROOL LIST ON APPLICATION.

M" A NCILES TEE GRAMMAR. scam. .I.UL Fee, £4 4s per term. THE NEW TERM BEGAN TUESDAY, JANUARY 13TH. 1903. Prospectuses, forms of application, fm , may be had at the school. The boarding house in conneetion with the school is situated in Higher Broughton OWEN W COX, Receiier.

INVBSTMBNTS, BOCIDS. STOCKS and SLIABBS.— Buyers and Sellers should apply to AMBS P. BATH and SOP, STOCK AND SHAMS BROKERS, RatablisbedllB7s. 29. RA NBLAGH-3TRBBT, LIVIIRPOOL

HORSECLOTHING. BEAUMONT BROTHEII3, 26, WHITROH-APEL. LIVERPOOL. Manufacturers of all kinds of Horseclothing, Knee Rugs, Driving Aprons. Travelling Rugs, Ac. Home arid export. Established 1612. CONFECTIONBIis AND [MUD BAKIIRS.—First- I Class TURNOUT FOR ; Pony 15 band.; Van with crank axle, built by Hardman and Sons, Radeliffe,equal to new. —Apply to B. W. Moms, St. lielens-road,Ormakirk. HARNES3 —Extraordinary Value.— Three Sets of Pony 2 Cob, 3 Shandry, 4 Sets of Dart.—J FRY A Co., 124, Dale-street. Liverpool.

BISTLL4KA.N HAS itOlt DIePOSAL owing to finish of ki contract hay cart horse, Duke 5 years, !6-3, £3o,Brown cart horse. Boxer, 7 years 17 hands, Brown clean legked cart or lorry horse, Jim, 6 years, 16-2, £2, also £25, two sound harness horses 6 and 7 years, 15 and 16 hands, bear/ doing lorry and van work prices £l5 and £2O, the above are all quiet and staunch good workers and used to all farm work, and warranted sound, and in be best of tiara conditiononust sell soon onaccount of atabling,l2 days trial allowed free with each horse, carts, gears and lurrys cheap, none but principals need apply to LAMBERT, 36 Shakespeare-street, Stockport- road, Manchester, trams pass street.

--- ,fflarOuitili, tic. AS HAGUNES, Robinson's ‘• " Gut Hngines Ire reliable and easy to pat down.—R3BlNBoll, Great Bridgewater Stre.t, Manchester.

VERTICAL STEAM BOILER in good working order on V :tale very Cheap, also l'arnlias 40 egg incubator nearly new, cheap,—Apply H. MARSHALL, 10, Norfolk-road, Birk- dAle, Southport.

116R/ZONTAL srHAM FINGINH Thin, cylinder 121 n. stroke 41t. turned up fly-wheel will sell cheap or ex- oCaange for Lath..—W. BALFOUR, 275, Ormsisirk-rJed, Pem- berton, near Wigan.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORK& LI MI I.' ill (late Ormerod, Grierson and Co), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. having recently. Purchased the whale of the Wheel, Pulley and Wheel Block Patterns Lelonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London. road Iron Works, Manchester, and are In a position to supply CASTINGS. Midwriht,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheel and eulley Patterns on application. NT., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address " Orrnero4 Grierson, M•tnehester."

DATET OFFICP. LiANCHESTER, BBTABLI9RED IN 1836. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have haa more than dO years personal experiencein conneol ion with this Establish- ment and possesspraetinal kno wied/e of the cotton,woolieu and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Forel gti Patent Laws," price le. GEORGE DAVIES, C.R., la SON. P.1.P.A.. 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, NiA.NOEFESTRE.

-

eptlts.

9O3GENT'S SAFETY, guaranteed 2 years. with bait bearieg, free wh.el. Bowden brake, Dunlop licensed tyres £7 List, £2l 1-2. All carriage paid. Approval with pleasnr.i. THE PETROS ROTOR AND CYCLE CO., Harborne, Birmingham. FREB.—CYCLES—FREE. Cycles, Motors and &mea- sories, direct from Factory t ) Rider, 3000 new and second-hand machines actually in steels, from 30s. eats!). B.S.A. and Eadie'a machines marvellous bargsins in Amer- series. Free to any address, 80 page Catalcuue Wholesale prices. Eye opener to all. 50 per cent. cheaper than others. Agents wented—WARHILOW CO., Weston-suser-Mare.

MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON, IRELAND'S SPECIALITY, 4,‘ txT VV ALTON" BICYCLE 108. THE BEST VALUE ON BARTH. MADE TO ORDER FROI4IIB.S.A. FITTINGS. ANY TYRES. W. H. IRELAND Sr. CO WALTON CYCLE WORKS, (RET SANKIRY. IBAR WARRINGTON.

SALVULO chemically mireproafs anything. Sample and instructions. 6d.-oLanxes, 103,Peckham Rye, London. A TKINSON'S COAL ECONOMISER saves half the coal. CI lefts any firegrate. F:om 24.—d3, Lodge-lane, Beeston Hill. Leeds.

rk.o CURIO YOUR COLD try SUTIIHRS' COMPOSITION J. ESSIRICK.—BottIes Is, lid. and 2s. se. from Chemists and Stores.

-I.ItICANDESORNT Mantles. manufactured under the J. Weishach license, 34. per dOz.--BERNETT, 68 Westgate, Otley, Yorks.

TNCANDESCHNT Goods —Agents and beginners. Sample .1_ package, ss. 3d. Lists free.—lixonEs. Broad-street, Hanley. Staffs. TO all applying for my Approval Sheets. I will give a 1 packet of IMO Mounts.—F. JENicirss, 27 Fentiman-ruad, London, S.W.

VA3iBBLL'S PIiMALIC PILLS. Is. ltd., 23. 9d.. 4s. 6d.. ,Al post free. Plain wrapper.—Prom S. OAKES et Co., 1, Bond-street, Weymouth.

STAMP ALBUM 78 pages, 1,7)0 spaces, 1,000 illustrations, with 100 (afferent stamps, ls,—Andress STAMPS, 98, Boleyn-road, London, N. ON SALF, good ISSURANCE BOOK; £5 debit; good solid bu4iness,—Apply., T GGOBTItEIt, 864, Atherton- road. Hindley Green, Wigan. I AMES' BOOTS at Factory Prices; Boa Cal! or Glace _IJ Kid ; button, lacs, or Derby boots, 9s, carriage paid.— B VORLEY, Boot Stores, Rushdeu. HARDWAII3, Clothing, Furniture, Jewellery, Bazaar Goods. Cheapest House in Trade. Catalogue tree.— BERRIDGE and Co. (102), Birmingham.

STAMP COLLUCTORS.-4. useful diary for 1903 (16 PP., 7 x 5 ins.), and 30 varieties Foreign tam ps,3d.—SmirTH STAIA P Co.. Boecombe. Bournemouth.

4,2 YCA MO RR BUTTS. good and can. d peci tic at ion 0 and price to H. SUTC LIEF E, Ford-street, Saw Mills, Salfor.i. National Telephone 2342. STARTLING New Potato. King Edward VII., grows 21 tons acre. Particulars: price £2 cwt., 10s., stone. —A. J. BUTLER, Westfield, Seater. Lincoln.

PURK Cut Green Bone. Beet Mood for Poultry, lie cwt be 6d half cwt 23 9d qr. cwt Deliverei Free it town or on natl.—Mß.lLn, 29. Lincoln-street, Blackburn. - CRIP POTATO and Cook Shop FITTINa.I.9, every variety Champion Bangers. Potato Peelers, Shoo on Wheels 100 page List free— SIABBOT'iI, Poland-street, Manchester. ARRIRD LADIES I—lnformatim and Advice of Price— 11l less Value (Free); send stamped envelNee : please name paper.—k re. LAWRF.NCE. "dt. Slaw," Egrernont, Liverpool. TRADES %lAN'S GOODS.—Trailers, £3, Quite the rage,l 1. Attach any Bicycle; still further improved for 1903. TRLDESMEN'e UEiulslTEs SUPPLY,I6. Devonshire Sq.,Lonlon. 13/3 (s-,ltEy T and'S SUITS. workmanship 3, d gGuHarNaurteerWSUenißfBo.r Patterns. MIDLAND CLOTHING 6, Noy& Buildinge,Leeds. 66 ITlSHHU"Oriental Hair Dyehidee the ravages of time by V restoring the hair to its former colour.Large bottle sent in plain wrapper for 20 ttamps.—Noat. 7 Woodah-rd,lixeter.

LBGGINGS I—Smart military oMcer's appearance; very strong. all leather. lace up side ; will send a pair, post free, for 24 stamps.—Prom H. J. GABBON, Government Contractor. ifye,_

WALL-PAPERS PROM lio, PEK ItOLL. Any quan- tity, large or small, at Wholesale Prices. Stock exceeds 100,0• JO rolls, all classes. —BARNETT, Camptield- avenue, Liverpool-road. Manchester.

fIiBFUL PROSHNTS.—ChiId's Knife, Fork, Sp ion, in box lc ; Hohow Ground Razors, Gem. ls. ; Corona- tion. is 6d. ; money returned if dissatisfied.--Viithonftxs Co.. 48s, ilitzwilliam-street, Sheffield.

Li ULltilli'd Compound Steel and Pennyroyal Pills for kJ. Females are the best and always give satisfaction ;in boxes, post free, Is lid, 2s 941 ; best b•axee, 4s 6d. Established 1860. HULMF, Chemist, Nottingham. riIHE BUTHERMIC COVECREKT (Golden Pine Wool) : Sanitary Novelty. Warmest, healthiest, and cheapest of hod coverings temple 61 64, carriage Iree.-6ANITA R r APPLIANCES DEPOT (7), Gloucester. •

910W813 BkIDROIDERBD in Russian cross-stitch, with 1. red and blue cotton, from 2s tid. Samples Sent Orders eratefully received in aid of Mildmay funds.—QuEkx BEE, Deaconess House, Mildmay Park. London.

HOME WORK by the quickest, simpleit. and lates Improved HARRISON KNITTING MACHINRS.t hikhest wages earned. —Lists from HARMBoN idAcHlNis, Co, LTD.. 48. Upper Brook-street, Manchester

NRTTING. ETTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, Ring Nets, Puree Nets, sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.Thomee JoittssoN's, Net Warehouse Corporrtlon-street, Mauclxest4T. A LL HAIRDRESSERS, hice., should try Otnaberbirou's Li. NOTED QUEEN HAZOtt. praised by all users, and guaranteed to all the trrde ; cheapest yet produced.—Write for prices to 27, ROCHDALE-ROAL, Manchester.

f 00K Pairs blew MIL(TARY' fiGlJ,JriattS sewn 1) very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size post free for 5s 6cl per pair ; money returned if not approved of,—H. J. GAssoN, Government Contractor, Rye.

A sTltULOillt.—elit icopor,sut Rveists 11A Lite Foretold. 11l Marriage Partner described,Cbildren,Cnanges,Journeys, Legacies Plsnet,&o. Send birth date, 6 stamp, and stan.ped envelope, " CELIA," 24, Regent-street, Brighton, Sussex T ADIES should send for our patterns of Serges Zibelines. 1.1 Habit Cloths. Cheviots, ,Ste. Epeeist !—A Pined dress length for lOs fid ; will not spot or cockle with rain.— W FEST RR. fl., f3o , The warehouse. 3, Rllis-street. Bradfoed.

tIOUNT YOUlt ()Hit:MUSTS before they are Witched., a very simple way to test eggs whether fertile or unfertile before they are set-, most vnlimble to every breeder.—Post free Is. 3d., PARKER, spout Fold Fsrrn, little If

jklia YOU It IsQUIRING A SCHOOL ?—Parcnts can have, free of charge, Prospectuoes and Ina details of th . bet and most suitable schools for Boys and Girls In lingland and abroad —Tog UNIVERSAL SCHOOL AGENCY. 412 Strand, W 0.

HORSES LOIN CLOTHS, beat and strongest in the market, 45in. long by 3Sln. win'.- wnterproof on stout navy canvas and weighs 4lb. ; I will seud one post free tor 3s ; each rettar•afid if mit, epprnwel lits,iov. Rye.

4,ITISRILITY in Women : Its Causes and Curative Treat- L. rent. An Illustrated Udition, by a late Senior Physician to a hospital for Women, poet free 3s ed.— London: SHELLEY A Co.. LTD, 38, Graeechurch-street.

PAPERHANGIN%ei.—To Decorators and others —Owing to the Death of one of the Partners the Whole ot our STOCK MUST DR CLHARRD at one-i. No regsonable otter refused. Come and inspect.—LEwrs & Co, 31, Miller-street, Manchester.

H" COMPOUND " srEim and PHNNYROYAL I PILLS for Female Necesgities are the best. and always effective In boxes pcst te, le. lid. and 26. 9d. ; best boxes. 4s. 6d. listawithed 1830.—HyLmcs, Chemists, Nottinwham.

IJIAFF-(JtJTTBJL ICNIVRS to any machine. Our silver kJ steel quality lasts longer and carries better edge than any common make Over 53.000 sold. Prices low. Send paper pattern or old knife, and sample a pair. —WOODROFF tt CO., Ltd., Rugeley.

INDIGESTION. BY'S PBPSIA, Loss of Appetite, Banwell's Tunic never fail' to cure ; one dose a day ; ratistaction guaranteed or money willingly returned. Trial bottle Is. 3d. large bottle 2s. 9d., port free• -D. BANWELL, 77, Tweedale- street, Rochdale. RH g 01.7.111 t &al? BlsuNmDa GOUT.as A beer, M qaur tyer of to) rr e yt-e a with 3 t no most simple Remedy, which he will freely communicate to sufferers on receiving address.—Apply CIAPTAIN GILLESPIE, 93, 141 m Grove-road, Rarnes. London. S,W.

CIORRUGATRD SHHISTi, from lOs 6,1 per cwt Wasters I 9s 6d per cwt Ridging, Spouts, Galvanise.l Tanks Cisterns, Steel Joists, Girders, Flitch Plates, Builders Ironwork; Felts, 3s 94 per roII.—SUMATERITILL dt CO.. Beaver Works, Wolverhampton •

A VALUABLE DISCOVERY hUStiCRIBRIL CURED LI. HIMSELF AFTER fifteen years suffering from PILES. Be offers permanent cure, with a written guarantee to return the money if the cure is not effected in a given tine. Stamped address for reply.—Diym HILL, Templastra, Bushmills, Counry Antrim, Ireland,

I) }MAW'S 11.—A.11 kinds speedily OURBD.— Marve- ll, ions discovery, which quickly expels the poisonous Uric Acid from the blood. Perfectly harmless.—wr te for testinionia's. BARING GOULD, Rheumatic Specialist Moseley-roid, Birmingham. Advice tree.

TIAMPHItti. Wiskets, Setting Baskets on sale; special quotations for quantities ; clothes baskets, special quality brown; send for sample dozen assorted sizes at extra low prices, carriage paid. I: not eatidantory please return them to FRANK Wuromm, Hawdesley. Ormskfrk.

QUPEIIFLUOUB HAlR.—Perfeeted Electrolysts (by Mr. is) Parke's inventions) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for permanent destruction without markings. By appointment only.—Stamped envelope to Mr. ROBERT J. P.thicff.s. Electrician, Ohm eh-greet, Southport. TISURE COD LIVER OIL, WARRAXTRD PURE direct from the Manufacturer, in bottles containing pint and half. 21., carriage paid. Special quotations for quantities.— R GOLEIBIDGE Cod Liver Oil King, 78, Stanley-street, Grimsby. Established 1884.

HID kiIISIAN Female Pilules, absolutely infallible, speedy. sate. Far superior to Steel. Pennyroyal, Aloes, Hier, Pim. and all such remed'es. Price with directions. 21 9d post free ; free from obserystion.—ciole INGLISE( MITRIB UT !NG DEPOT. Sco'chlyirn. OhAmictl T..abo•atnry Dritgeld.Hull

rro lib stn. Ul--Varnworth. near Widnec—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co. with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lana. with siding to the railway. buirable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. Homan, 16 Venwiek-street, Liverpool.

TrILLBD I —oAzes Bit Killer Pomade used once killd all Pits and vermin; never falls. Large tins, bid. post free, froth S. T. OAKES, 1 Bond-street, Weymouth.

QWEIRTHICART'Seurious Love £etter,l2 funnySterecscopic Photograpbe (life-like),and French novelty, 3s. securely packed. —Hiram, 142 Bataan Heath-road, Birmingham. SPIWIAL OFFBR.—ASTROLOGY. changes, important events, marriage partner described, ruling planotAc ; 6 stamps. stamped euvelope.—V HintcEIELL, 50, Grainger- street, Newcastle-on-Tyne. 2 /- (1-1114 the'd SnU, wI it? dzsinusr e aTerir returned r from 6neo. dp proved. I.end for patteras and self-measurement forms. Bobbicir & Co., Swaffham•road, Bast Dereham. Norfolk. FIiTWORIC is an Inexpensive hobby if you buy your tools and materials from T. Sylut, & Co., 45 Wilson- street, London. 14 C. Frames 6d. ; Saws, Id. doz.; Outfits (6 tools). 2s. 63 , post free. Catalogues with design. 3d.

LIBS and Cheapest MANURB for Perm and Garden, au Li effectual remedy for fly. slug, &EL Native G ano, price 70s. per ton, in bags ; 2 ton tuts carriage piid ; 1 cwt. bag paid to any station in England for ss.—Write for twenty, seventh year's testimonials, NATIvZ GUAN ) Co.. Ltd., 29 New Bridge-street, London. B.C.

QAFEB I SAM ! I —Don't be persuaded to buy cheap 10 safes, second-hand sates. or sates sold in auction r00.i., Ask your ironmonger to get you a Catalogue of GEOEGE PRICE'S Djuble Patent 20th Century' Side-lockin Sates and you will learn something about safes that. will save your pocket.

• gl 26. BBD iTBAD.flttPd with !into and spindles; usually sold at 39s 6d.— F CI SMITH, 392-396, Scotland-road, Lwerpool.

n Handsome sft. Dining-room eIDUBOAttD, .1.1../S. nearly new; cost £5; genuine bargain, spot cash value —F G 392-396, ticAland-roail Liverpool

GUINBAS for a very handsome Saddlebag SUITS V (seven pieces). Well worth £l9.—F G Smug, 392-393, 'ocotland-road, Liverpool.

A very good Reversible CARPI,/ ; cost £,. Also 30S several Brussels and Tapestry Squares; 15s to £4. P G SMITH. 392.396, Scotiand-road,

G SMITH-25 Black Chippenthle CAWNST ; very V. fine job; cost, £9; taken in exchange.—F SMITH, 392-396. Scothind-road, Liverpool.

R 3 15 Ein. very massive Persian BliD hD STA R. Drapery to lit, and Spring Mattress ; wel? worth £5 —F. G SmUm, 392-396. Seqtland-road. Liverpool!

Q Massive OVBIDIAINITAIL. beet British bevelled S. silver plates: cost £4 ' • just in.—F, G. SMITH, 394-396. Scotland-road, Liverpool. E 7 lo Very Fine Bedroom SUIPIi. comprising 3. robe. tohet chest, marble washstand, rail. pedestal, and three chairs —F. G. SMITE, 392.-396. Scotland- road, Liverpool. G. SMITH'S Bedroom Suite in satin walnut ; mas- J. sive ilwardroba, pair pedestal tables, pedestal, and 3 chairs; 103.—F, G. SMITH, 393,-396, Scotland-road, Liverpeni.

L 9 10 DINING-ROO ki SUITII, in saddlebags, S. solid walnut frames ; nine pieces ; cost £lB.—F. G. Enurra, 392-395, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

24 rt.. LgOnG„HandtUeelTHq,ularlitlyeath;r, ne4:w ;t3mnitiTicilly3iN-119adt Scotland-road, Liverpool. Hardwood SIDSBOARD, aove top and glass patiel, t./ iitted with four cupboards aitd three drawers, £3 153. F. G. SMITH. 392-391, Scotland-road, Liverpool. r7B. 6D. IT,t2olstirariTtLn'pl3,l.',,,tr.7usaunal price 399.6 d. Six in stock only.—P. 0, &WETS, 392-396, Scotland •road, Liverpool.

35Hardwood KIT(HIHN ; very special . value; four only to be sold this G. SMITH, 392-396, Scotland-mid, Liverpool.

BOOIS CASH CHEMISTS

BOOTS CASII kfiIENIISTS. 5. BRIDGE STREET' I WARRINGTON. 126, BRIDUS REEF,

CYCLE INFIRMARY Is THE SHOP TO TAKE YOUR "BIKE" FOR REPAIRS No TOR TOO BNIALL OR TOO DIFFICULT, ANY HAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. TYRES RE-RbI3I3EILED AND RE-LINED EQUA TO NEW IN TWO .DAY 3 ALL WORK GUARANTEED. Cycles built to order from Perry's Radio., aa I hater Lee fittings, Agent for PalmerTyres. NOTE ADDRESS, D. H. GUEST, CYCLE INFIRMARY,

WANTBD, gnarl GMNBRAL, about 3); referene3s re quirAci. Mrs. UNDERWOOD, Westwood, Hotel, Poo!stock, Wigan.

WANTED GENERAL, clean. respectable girl; £l3 reference required. —klvs. VIOKERS, 6,oountess-street; Buxton-road, btockport. NVANTED HOUSEHAID-WAITILES3, Coo'-General. two Geneials.—Apply Mrs. HARRAdobed, Registry Office, 314, Moseley-road, Aohton-under-LFne.

ANTIM, young 110U3H-PARLOIJIMAID In country vicarage; Church of }nand.—Apply Mrs TRoUGH- Tot, Hi,ther Bebingtan Vicarage, Cheshire,

%%fa.NTtO Good GgNCIZMI SHIWANT ; three in fimily ; state wages and reference,—LOWATEß, 17, Mansfield Grove, Addison-street, Nottingham,

M. WALTEI‘JONLid wishes to Re:minuend 00AMI- MAN (marred, leavinl through death.—Apply to THE CoAcnmArr, The Rims, Moore, Warrington.

WANTED, Good GENE/tad. dititVANT to cook, wash and iron : three in family, one boy four years old.— HARRISON. Kincioueb, Church-road Uernston. t.touE. £3..) • Temporary uoots,. Housekeepers and Generals.—ikire. RIBCHESTER'S Registry 20 Great Avenham-street, Freston. WTANED. COOK GENERAL for doct small house- hold: age 20 to 30; country village : two other maids kept.—Mrs. FLETCHER COLLINS, Bamber Bridge, Nr Prestoa. Aff RS. MUD requires thorough and good Plain Cooke. LVI Housemaid Waitresses at once, Kitchenmaids and Superior G enera ls.-SELECT REGISTRY, it usholme, Manchester. CiOi"KS. Waitresses, House-Pariourmaids, Nurses, lJ Generals, and Young Girls WANTED : good situations. —Mrs. E. MORTIMZR, Servants' Agency, 7. Brazennose- street, Manchester. WANTED, in February, COOK, thoroughly good, between 30 and 40, where kitchen-maid I. kept ; expPrienced in managing.—Apply by letter, Mrs. CHARLES Allerton Beeches, Liverpool. - - - - - - WANTED, a steady TEAMSMAN ; must be able to plough; to live in.—JamEs WATERWORTH, Gar-- wood, near Wigan.

PURB-Elfi, RD Buff Orpington's ; Eggs 3s per doe. (unfer- tile replaced); Chickens from 66 per doz. List sent.— BIGHTirmALx, Castle Fields, Shrewsbury, SLACKNNS OF WORK. —Chree powertul Cart norsee and in-foaled mare stinted to that noted horse Lord Elles- mere Vulcan, ages from six to seven years; all good workers with guarantee given ; from 16 to 17 bands • seven days tree trial allowed or V.S. inspection, Or, would exchange for farni proluee, £lB to £3O.—CAATErr, X Moor-lane, Bolton.

To BIG Lila, ONVithNj iiutTht oiwe, with large garden and orchard, situated in the centre of the village of Worthenbury, 20 minutes walk from Bangor-on- Dee Station. Suitable for Plumber and Glazier, or Tailor and Draper. Possession 2Sth March next.—Apply itOBERT HOWARD, Broughton Hall, Malpas, Cheshire.

AR ft I BD faitill Rs, 00ft fLIS PON DB NT.—Send stamped 'vl address for particulars to Mrs B WILsoN, hider-grove. Sheffield.

Vitlibtf °LC LAND, £46 per acre, Wallop, wenstou and 1: Chilbolton ; pictuiesque and healthy ylilages in Hants; plots £lB ; free deeds ; Instalments ; bungalows.—Plans and particulars, Mr BRAKE, Chilbollort„ Stockbridge. Hants.

rbikitiltraNl2. TO LaMica., Send Postai Order 2s 6d and we will send post free 111 U-dozen Lacties' Pure Irish Linen Handstitched HANDKRItCHIRIPS. Money returned f goods not approved.—Dept. 1, ItostmiON'e, The Belfast Linea Warehouse, bouttiport. SINOING.--7-MADAME ALICE LAMB will visit WARRINGTON if sufficient number of pupils take lessons —Terms, apply 48, ARDWICK Gagr.N. Manchester.

FtbH.—Selected basse ns, cleaned ready for use. 2g., 2s. 6d. upwards. Carriage paid, Lists free —kr r RoPoLE FISH SUPPLY Co., Grimsby.

-PUNE. a PERFECT BALLROOM GLAZO.—Merely 1 reQuires sprinkling. Neither greasy nor dusty. jr perforated tins. Post tree Is. 64. and 24. 9,1.—T. JARDINE, 9. Minerva-street. Hackney-road. Lohdon,

WU' Citu.6 Wanted. copying work 15s. and upwards earned in spare time.-,Send stamped address to WELDON, 1, Fleet—street, Hull.

ADoenoN. —Lady offers Home tor Baby, with Care; state teams ; reference.—BOßEßTS, The Olives, 9, Park-road, Colywn Bay.

DATUHLWORK.—Lsrge parcel pretty silk., vemets, le 4d free; bundts .11k cuttings given with 2 parceie.—DaEss- KAMM, 8, if igh-street, Eltham. Kent.

1) HAL 134.1tGAINS ! Ladies' strong Cycle, good condition; 111,, also Knitting Machine, 'cheap.'—Mfas FosrEn, Colster- worth, Grantham, WBBTHBART' 4 Curious Love Le' ter, twelve extra funny 1...) Stereoscopic Photographs (life-iiice). %kid French novelty Securely packed.—H YA Ass, 142, Balsall Beach-road, B rtni igharri.

GEORGE HENRY LEE & B ASNE.T T STREET, LIVERPOOL. HALF YEARLY CLEARANCE SALE. THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS. GREAT RE DUOTIONS IN ALL DEPA R,TM 6NTS. ri kjOSTU Si ES MILLINERY. NEAP, TL ES. Rlll FURS. SILKS, DRESS 'SI LTERIALS, LACES, CHILDREN'S COSTUMBS AND MANTLES, BLOUSES, TEA GOWNS, DRESSING GOWNS, HOSIERY, GLOVES, RIBBONS, &O. BASNET r STREET LIN ERPOOL.

AI to DNliLb UNDERO W -ILLS OlL—Persons entitled . Property at daith of relatives, or to Life Incomes.cipi borrow at 4 per cent, per annurn,or Mc VITTIE,42, John Dalton-street. Manchester. R/150,000 At from 3k per cent to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds in sums to suit borrowers in any part of the onantry.—l W R 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182. ti EN SHILLINGS per week Profit paid on each £lO I invested in a genuine, well—established Bu-ittess ; don't miss this exceptional opportutrty of making money; balance-sheet and full particulars on application. —E. PRICE, 46 Havelock road, Hastings. - -- 12XPROTATIONS UNDIGH WlLLS.—Pers,,ns entitled to EA money or property on death of trienda can have ADVA.NOR any amount, from £4 pc. per ann., speedily negotiated ; if preterrei, loan and interest-, repayable when legacies are paid. No preliminary charges.—Apply MR. PEEL. 41. New Oxford-street, London, W.C.

SPIiDIAL NOTIOR. MR 'ALIN v. ASNTOAI F fromo R 1) is 2 sto pzmaorteod to persons make AS i worthyl of credit in sums varying from £5.£10,E20,£30,£50. and up- wards, on note of hand on most reasonable tetras, repayable by weekly, fortnightly, o: monthly in,talments. On receipt of application I will call, and if twist-led complete advance. Any distance. Strictest privacy observed. Letters answered. Write or call in confidence to MR. N. STAFFORD, 3 TIR-LAvR. CllOis-STEtkFCI,. MiNepg.

E,TABLIaIiED 187.3. 1 to £l,OOO Immediately advanced on NOTE OF HAND ALONE. LOW I NTERNST. EASY ttE,P4.3OIENTS. NO PRELI VINARY Fir4ES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of y,ars I have been estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always condl2ted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARE iS. 2. ICING—STREET. HANLEY ; OR 13. NE WGATE-sTraCliT. CHESTER.

JO FINES.—NU SUIt.ETIES. £5 upwards, on day of application, to all respectable people, professionals, tradespeople, farmers &c., for whatever purpose required,and any length of time. Rea,ouablef interest AND EASY liRPAYMUNTS TO SUIP EVRtatIODY. DISPANOR NO 0 iIJHOT. OUR STRAIGHTFORWARD AND C.iNFIDENT(AL PEALINGs WITH ALL OUR CUoTOMERS ARE WELL KNOWN AND RECOMMENDED. Apply in confidence and be c:nainced to H. WOLFE, & Co., 4 PARK.HR-ST., WARRINGTON. corner house), near Bank Quay Station. Flours 9 a.rn to 8 p.m. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

£5, 47, £lO, £2O. .E:3O. 1:50, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN. FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND MONODRAMA.? DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION 'FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS,. WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Established at this .4.drlres4 Twenty Years. IMPORTANr TO ButimOlViiiit'.6 NO FEES OR CHARGES' WHA.TEVER. Any person desirous of obtaining a loan at once from £lO to £I,OJO for any private.or business purposes on note ol hand alone, arid without sureties, can obtain Barn,. by apply ing to our manager. Applications can be made Person ally or by letter, and upon receipt or same a representative will at once call to see you and complete the business, DI iTANOE NO OBJECT. Apply WOLFE, 9. ConPorts.Tfog-sTro4:gr. /ilLsca ESTER. P.3.—lf any person is paying the usual extortionate • rate of interest arrangements can be made to pay off,

THE WIDNES, INVESTMENT LND BANKING COMPANY, LIMITICD. 66, VICTORIA-ROAD. WI I)NRS. FSTABLIS.HED 1837 AND INCoRPORATED UNDER THE CoMPANIEB. ACTS 1862 AND 1893. AUTHORIZ HD CAPITAL £25,003. LOANS OF £5 TO 42500 are made from periods of one month to three years, upon perEonal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount required, and the position of the applicant. Al,o upon Deeds of Property. Building Society ; Policies of Assurance, &c. FOR FURTH RR PAIITICULA APPLY TO THE MANAGICR. Agent for Warrington: Mr. JOSICPFt WADSWORT 121, Mersey Street

UNION CIEc ED I T B.INK, LIMI.I'ED Established 1838. Registered Capital £ICO,OOO. HEAD OFFICE : 38, REN,HiLkw-ivraEHT. LIVEKPOOL. Adveinces made from £5 to £5.u00 upon personal security, Deeds. Sharios, Policies. Reversions, Annuities, Sze. £lO Repayable ss. weekly. Entire interest-2,0 14s 9d. £5O „ 20s. „ .. £3 8s 0,1. £IOJ „ 40s. ~ ~ ~ £6 15s Od. Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- i,ances far fixed periods. stocks and shares bought and sold. —Further particulars on application. personally or by letter Tel. 5438 Liveroool. RICHARD 0 4VI e 174, Manager.

GASH ACC'OMMODATION. Xdlo TO ctsoo• NOT) OF HAND ONLY. NO. BONDSMEN. NO BILL OF SALE. LOANS GRANTRD DAILY To all Respectable Workin4 Mn, Shopkeepers, Farmers, Hotel Proprietors, Market Gardener. Keepers, and all others, without sureties or publicity. •A simple PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY is all that is required at this office, Repayments arranged to suit borrower's convenience. Call personally, or write to Manager, 29, FELL STREET, HOLT-ROAD, lihNSINGTON. LIVE/WOOF, Letters will receive prompt attention Any Distance, N.B —This is a Private House, and no objectionable signs or any description given outside the premises as to bein4 a loan office, thus avoiding any unpleasantness which may occur to borrowers when going to ordinary Loan Otlioes in Liverpool.

MONEY LENT PRIVATELY Flom £lO upwar.ls—ind payable by instalments my be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSOUY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED, NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1370, and has always cosiductoci his business lJNDiilt HIS OWN NAMR. lie has oonsistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and bas received IKA.N3f HUNDRUDS OF LETTERS OF APPRRCIA.TION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus terms for Advances, or any Information desired,. will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to GEORGE PA.YICE, ACCOUNTANT CI'UNTY PALATINH BUILDINGS, 10, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL, OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET,MANCHE'SrEiz

L'IIE GREAT AUSTRI4I.NRM EDY. VITADATIO INTERNAL TUMOUR Removed. 22nd November, 1900. Dear Sir.--I have been suffering for some time with an inward trouble.for which I consulted several docors.Tbev were all of opinion that it was a tumour and suggested an operation, which I declined• I have tried several so-calied remedies whicb failed. I then saw VITADATIO advertised, and read of what It had done for others, so resolved to give it a trial. I am thankful to say I never felt better in all my life, and am quite free from all pain--Yours truly. MINKS Mc DONALD. 239, Caledonia-road, Glasgow, S.S. INDIGESTION AND INSOMNIA Cured. 78. High Park-street, Liverpoo', Feb. 21th, 1902. Dear Sir—l am truly thankful to let you know that your great remedy VITADATIO has completely cured me. making a different man of me. Before taking VITAD I 9 life was no pleasnre to me. For many years suff,ring from sluggish Liver, causing Indigestion, N-rvous Prostrttion and Insomnia, I did not know for a long time what it was to get a gcod nights sleep, or to eat a good meal. I was re- commended to try VITADATIO and are glad to state that I eat and sleep well, and go about my I,nisiness with pleasure. Yu have my consent to use this testimonial. Signed GEORGE DUTTON Witness JANE HANNAH. From all Chemists and Grocers. Tiro price of Medicine is tic 6J an-1 2s. 9J per bottto. For further particulars. S. A. PALM ER. MOUNT PLACE, BROOK-ST REE MANCHESTER, Correspinience Invited, Write to- Testimonials. OBTAINABLE LOCALLY FRO 1.1 B9OTB, CASH CHEMISTS.

TOWLE'S 0 FILORODYNir. Renowned for -r., COUGHS, .1 OWLE'S CHLORODYNE consumption, BRONCHITIS: it 1 i MLORODYNE owLE,s k gr Asthma, INFLUENZA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE 24 gosilaessilLs; 2s. rivirLit'S CHLORODYNE ASK FOR TOWLE'S ; TAKE NO OTHER.

-HARRISON & CO.. MERCHANT TAILORS, I AND 3 MANCHESTER SrREET, LIVERPOOL. SPECIAL PURCIIASE 70 PIECES PURE INDIGO BLUE SERGE, TO BE OLP:ABED AT 355. SUIT TO MEASURE. SCOTCH. IRISH, & WEST OF ENGLAND TWEEDS. ALL THOROUGHLY SHRUNK. , 3a,, . SLIP TO MEASURE. OUR SPECIALITY OVERCOAT O in RAINPROOF, in at the latest Stwies, Greens, Greys & Drabs. 295. 6D. OVERCOATS TO ORDER. WRITE OR CALL FOR PATTERNS. ARNOLD AND LEWIS. 7, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. HALL-MARKED SILVER GOODS. Established 1830. DR. SCOTT 6 PILLS UNEQUALLED - DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COMPLAINTS. 1-)1{. SCOTI'S PILLS HEADACHE, ljli• SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTIGN, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SC3TT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THe MOT R. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE, IR a green squgre pwkage. Prices is. iii. and 2e. 9d.

SPIWTACLES RUIN THE SIGHT! ! I WHEN INCORRECTLY ADAPTED. BEFORE WEARING GLASSES, CALL Al' MR. NEUBlilta'S WiTABLISHMENT WHERE YOUR SIGHT WILL DE CAREFULLY TESTED, A,iD ALL ADVICE GIVEN. FREE OF CHARGE. GLASSES ORDERED ONLY WHEN NECESSARY. brECTACLES AT MODERATE PRICES, SEE TEBIIMoNIALS. F. A. NEUBERT, F.S.M.C, CONSULTING OPTICIAN. EYESIGHT TESTING ROOMS. 72, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON, AND AT SOLTHPORT4 ARE YOU A MARTYR? SUFFERING FROM INDIGESTION. BaJOUS- NESS, INA.BILITY TO ASSIMILA.TE YOUR. FOOD, Wind in the S,ornach, and yet trying to do your daily work like a healthy man P IT MAY BE HEROIC That effort of yours but you are bound to fail in the race for wealth. unless you kir, lid of thtse troubles at once. There is a newly discovered Enzyme which is ten times as powerful as Pepsin which will ,tigeSt yonr food for you, resting your en,oniach and giving it the tone necessary to pert Jr n its normal functions. This new discovery is embodied in r. MILLER'S DYSPEPSIA ABLETS wincii ARE SOLD BY H. MILLER, CHEMIT. 77, BRIDGE STREET, WARNINGTON, AT .4-D. PER BOX.

"FRE; Warrington and Ari:-Cheshire Examiner. Dub lished every Saturday morning. rpE Ruheorn Examine—, publishediFriday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district. and Mrs the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rpJfl Widnoe Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widnes contains the largest number ot Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and $ rapidly becoming u important centre of industry. Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens _Examiner, published every Friday A. afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTI6EAENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HousEB WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO DE SOLD &RTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS W s NTS ARTICL RS FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

THE EX.A JANUARY 23rd. 1903.

9/Li PER IMPERIAL QUART (Bonus INCLUDED.) SCOTCH AND IRIS W HISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS, wrria MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

KENRICK, THE TAILOR, 16, RE;NSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. STYLE, FIT, AND REASONABLE CHARGE.

S ALE W T. WILLIAMS DALE is NOW PROCEEDING. WHOLE STOCK REDUCED IN PRIOR. MILLINERY & JACKIiTS Ar HALF PRICE. DRESS MATERIALS AND ALL KINDS OF FANCY DRAPERY AT A GREAT SACRIFICE. 744 SANKEY ST. & LEGEI Sr WARRINGTON.

49 9 Be .--. !to- er ..i4 AD Food is not a Malted Food, and does not Con.,c. tam n dried paint, which is a poor substitute for fresh. en*pe--%•'9'f-44. B ~. Food is dV mixed with fresh new milk when used; it is dainty and delicious, highly nutri. tive, and most ea.sily digested. Infants thrive on it, ad delicate and aged persons enoy it. ...tmEm.. soIIA in Tins, of Chemists, alc., everywhere.

, ,n other 1 . Vovril War k ~,--„, Acture. Owing to the great success of their celebrated war picture, "The Relief of Ladysmith," BOVRIL LIMITED have arranged to present another splendid gravure measuring 28" by i 8 y,, ", and printed on fine plate paper 40" by 30". It is entitled, "Lord Kitchener 's Home- Coming," and is from a painting by William Hatherell, R.I. A coupon, and a leaflet giving full particulars, will be found wrapped with each bottle (1 oz. to 1 6 oz.) of BOVRIL ) .. , _.... ~_...1..? , 4 ki a5,-1 A , t,,, , S_ ~,, 1 ;,,,• ..:.: , v 4 ~ t • •,.v.,_ ~,,, ~, ...,.,.,. ...: ~., . ._

~,,,:•1, tan laiit4: .741t.4),t0. 4 < \ PA, 11,,,,f, C•I'• </(1.0 el ';1?:`,.%. Akoc, ( 5?‘..,.. '- 0, 0 ' N / / ‘\\‘ • ,<,:il ,\*/ , i ",.•:1 ',.. ~0 ir ~- . . • .).• 4: a TI---.7.----"-• e r , pcaPr'a t0,21' ',. 6 --------- a g i

IRON-OX Tablets Remedy Constipation.

COLEMAN'S A 1' 41;:4 • s A , • .1 ' THE FIIES JO IN THE WORLD. ;11,1 T ree :zed. a r 0, m 9 t, U 9 41‘• Medical Mon. 9 NORWICH & LONDON.

THE EIES 1 FAMILY MEDICINE. KAYE'S WORSDELL S PILLS Area certain cure for Indigestion, tillionsuess, i-he Dyspepsia, CoNstipation, Liver and Kidney CPmplaints, For Ladies of all ages they ore invaluable. Of all Chemists, Is lid, 2s 941, and 4e 6d per box, or free on receipt of stamps to Depot, 14, White Lion-stre Norwich.

cji..silyicr-.:,r...0.cer fo rJr I i ;.-,7 * _,' , le • .'..:' ii, i• '', 11( ' 'l, A ' '- ,sis. typ I I' 4_ •!' ',:t. k r •., y vii, i-- . ~,,,-. 1,--. igf.3_lo)l[DiPtlsß•Atis," ,I, th:)1 fr . ""'A : 4`A., .'z'''',..— t, -4, /4, ' ...1,t1.\ ," • ff4S c.."—).„, •O` . ;;;: ' 1.,... ~.. The Purest. The (heapesr t -'- _, \ n .................,....,.....-- . ONCE USED 1..1- I r Decomes a Househoid necessity. Ii v riff;.•'.o:,EAVr'''', •., i"t; ,41,,,, -,. •.4"-,v nu.?..T.n, E lit ' P., , t . . ' D',3t! •A - ...., •,,,,`,,;•.(,-,..t.:: ,V. , ---,rat .k, '. --- -e :,,,., 1 ~,•' ...,. '- . ) .4, .",--.. :-. '!,-,...

R E N 80. "it ,s NoTn Imitation." STRENBO;' is a Fluid Beet; that not only appeals to the' palate, but is highly recommended by the leading Medical Journals, and prescribed by Medical Men, and used in Medical Institutions; as a means by which health is secured and strength restored. • Instead of spending money in extravagant advertising, we give the value in STRENBO itself. "Ask for STRENI3O, and don't be put oft with other brands." "We don't give Pictures." To be had at all Chemists and Grocers

A , ~ o:,' V V' Ofi )74 AA i Ki 7 0 is THE remedy for - • .• ..--4 111 C , ____ ~,,, , ._ R.heumatism, A,--i . n -,n, , . Lumbago, ft, fro rat I 1 i-,:' A V • 4 .0 Sprains, Strains, let $ and all other deep-seated pains, Fil Use it only where the skin is unbroken. ot Price 111;,: per Tube, of Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere. 14 s I.7OIWOCEA, Ltd., 33, king William Slreet, London, E.C. 4i1,/1- ~‘-'

-; , . •s .- .' ~ ,',,.-.',';',.,..i., . . .. , , 5.0 ;6"c4Ejo FRE ic. F-.'liz .. ir v , ,• •• •.: OF 41 1 .1, ,+ . ,„... AC •ES ..r,,T, .6 Healthy Climate. Good Crops. Free Schools. ' sa.'s':: • ' C ..,_:::.‘c r ' • Light Taxes. Abundant Water. The most progressive and prosperous Colony. Pamphlets and information supplied gratis. For particulars apply to the Office of the High Commissioner for Canada, or to Mr. W. T. R. PRESTON, Commissioner of Emigration, 17, Victoria Street. London, S.W., or to Mr. A. F. JURY, Old Castle Buildings, Preesons Row, Liverpool.

trUA lA' Tablets Cure Indigestion.

- in , OD: Skoit ' 12 SVC,, C • -40 j, BIRD'S CUSTARD is pure, whole- some, and delicious. It satisfies the most fastidious, and is an invaluable diet for I nval id s _being light, appetising, and highly nutritious. Easy of digestion, and will never disagree. Dainties in endless variety, the choicest Dishes and the richest Custard! NO EGGS: NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

A " 11104 GiouT le• FOR GCUT, RRRUMATIbM, SCIATIu4k, U I.IIIAGO. The excruciating Pain is quickly relieved, Sure. effective. All Chemists and stores at is. lid. r,ed 21 9d15: WOMAN'S UNFAILING FRIEND TowLE,sPEt6NNOWL Dias FOR FEMALES.' - QUICKLY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, AND RELIEVE THE DISTRESSING SYMPTOMS MO PREVALENT WITH THE SEX. Boxes, 1/1:i & 2;9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent any- where on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLEnt Co., 66, Long Row, I,I6TTINGHAM. Beware of Imitations, injurious and worthleu.

VRAL4FORD'S 1.1 NI V ERA LLY APPROVED LAUNDRY AND DAIRY AIACIIINERY Over 45, Gold & Silver Mcdals and First Prize Awards. Nzw 50,- %c • .i::-. ,1 AGIIIN I.: I 'rile "VOWEL" WA,31.11G, '.i K,,,,t1., • "i/IAPIMAGII" CULUIRS. ' AND MA,LINO MACLi,E.s. 1 DCTTER WORKF.RS. LACNDRY RE‘UISITHS. DAIRY APPLIANCES. Liberal Cash Terms. Catalogues Past Free. THOMAS BRADFORD, AM) CO., 140-142, High Holborn, bilition ; 130, Bold Street, Liverpool „. Victoria Avenue, Manchester; Crescent Iron We-• - • ,I.

t 4 " 404 a. •,.. VI . ' 're '' -1 t'WOBLE:fi zCze. NI A ..,,,; , , and ah other skin aftcc- 1 CURE") Ely tions instantly relieved ...r • 93 anu speedily:2 cu2ed by "RUSE* t"' r IRSO Post Free 1/1 i. %,. 2 7, WRITE fon SAMPLE. • . VA r 417,F,;a7 r. t, . , .. ..„ „... ~ _. , FHB iiiRATEST 3 4 -,.. , . • ,• w•.,., ~,,, ,1. , BOON e7er con- .. .... ~ As 54, Q 4 I. ~,,x- .4 ,* f erred to the Laundress 1 _N,.' ::/t.:.:, '-'• ' . AN.. ‘4.•'''.71&..,,; tor imparting an Ivory 1 ''..-• 71t. \-'• 47.7X4...., ' #(.. „5qk.,4)...r,!.., finish to btarched '...'..1'" 47.1. -,,,,,, C. :•. , , ~iiift x - n 0 , Linen, Laces, etc., & does not stick to spider- Ctilk. .3* ..„.• iiis.,.,,k• -.:" ~' •• web - like =Actinic. ;..4 D * ,04.1%, . , - Once tried always ;•.' .1` • ' wanted. Used in the ,04 0 4:71*-.'"“- ' •L-4 , ,•• ''' 4.. l'-• ' :II o yal Laundries. Should be used in houses. Sold by most Starch Sellers _n Packets, at 31 and 6d. Prepared only by 'I ChITCHLE Y, Blackburn. T NEW FRENcH REMEDY. TFIERA Pi )N. Thilsuisaurcereesmsfendlyandashigemlv ployod in the Continental Hospitals by Rieord I- o,tan, Jobe Velpeau, atd others, surpasses everything hitherto employe for impurity of the blood, spots, blot-hes, pains and swel- ings of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinaty disease- striture, discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the bock rheu- matEpt, gout, sleeplessness, nervous anti ph.% sleet exhaus tin., etc. Therapion is prepared in thiee cliff trent form Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to diseases for which intenied Null particulars send stamped Caddresseu tnveltpe for pamphlet to '.4 MR. R. JOHNSON 43 Hoirottn-squAlut, 1.41,1D0r , E.

iis. tialfor, ........ T ). ....-;:„ - USE.,._-• 6011 l' Lritici7r) , atars...rwrop-mrts-..33:0,,m,m 19 A i W t 1, tosEllle Ilt,r S• ...• , SUIT, -1 3n per week )T,., TRADIVitri j,..., ki ~„ 2 1 MAP.II‘,4 . r ,6,g:1 1,.4.; vi.,...,, ....*,,, 41 op r,..,i=561,21Z2a4.-'4'kwl.'"'i' 'q 91 1 IV 4/ip ' . paFc,:e5,,..,-:fx,,,,g,.. ,e-rtlout, :7 imtnk. inctg l las. \-,1 , I, I, .. • A.- il' t, t.l at 404, it r a suit y,o, local , 1 KAYS COMPOUND ESSENC-k.';W . 1 " I,tl -,0,-..r wic.c c. arge scu 60,.. tor aCk OF LINSEED AMSEED ETC ~ s 7 .1- 1 ~.„ p,ba V 4 , lir W. II .4 1 • -dr,--.‘,0,), , CORONATION SERGE , —.•-•-•-• . kvi,-,-.:>,,_, --;75-I)Rovtev-.4'''',* - - .. •- ( fr\ K'S c'S Pr, A N . ~ , , i . \t,' . fir,;k,lt Send tc-day for patterns and self .. - •• • i...a.,,,z, .....- A , .',i t • 'it' ~ . measurement forms, to C. E. WRIGHT and Ca • . , .v• _, - - ( i , ~ .!. - INSEED COMPOUND" .7, i 1 649, httercliffe-rd., Sheielo. i Carriage pad on all orders. tvt, is a reliable old English home t• 1 i I . 1 , guarauf,es nil goods to fit. WO • remedy. It softens hard phlegm, .. . ' I , '1.1,_, snvrt, and well-made. • permitting it to be expectorated , .i „, ',.,‘,.0,- t•leture re, ntiun this paper. .'!, without tram, soothing the membranes and .; i t-A15,:,...,-•‘,.,• ••••• allaying the irritation so commonly ex- • ...... - • .......-. -.IIWINO ,•• perienced. There is nothing to equal it. Of , all Chemists at home and abroad. .Reftue the ' many substitutes offered. Price, 91d., 1/If, 2.V.

• tZ. '-'.' .. ff <1;0.), - % . ' '. ' , t,f:it: 'l4 7 •s:',' k,'-'- Or- .4:,1 .4-4 k ' ..-- -it -iji 1 • o,;q .0.- ...4,44.4q '74' 'CI., tilt-' '*vtit P Lr. , CURE. INDICESTION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION, FLATULENCY AND DIZZINESS.

I,lanufactured only at 73, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

ARE OBTAINED BY SUBSCRIBING TO • , A 23' ; , • • - • r / t, C • • , ,

PLEASE APPLY FOR PROSPECTUS. There is no limit to the number taken of the popular books of the day, and customers find the service very different to the ordinary provincial library. PROPRIETORS: .00 CASH e.. ri4ENIISTS. 5, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON•

F OR FIRST-CLASS PIi.IVATE; D ENTISTR Y. TEETH. Appointments unneoessaryobut may be arranged: TEETH. All consultations free. TEETH. Each patient informed required, the oost. TEETH. Gold and other fillings at mcmierate eharzee. BETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendancs, TEETH. P-Inless Exotreit,iiiotnr(,uass h(i)t:nreto by the Aid . TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13,9001eatIona weekly. Exors. of the late J. !HI P ARK 1 NS4) (D)NTIST BY lbrAlf MADDISON A TTHINDS ST. liBLENS MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANKEY-STRICEL WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5, —3l, BRI OWL-STREET cIORSDA Y , 2 to 3. NORTHWICH-18, APPLEMARKAT-STREET FRIDAY, II to 12, and I to b.

- • - ' GREENALL—On January 19th, t Hill Cliff near War- rington, to Mr. and Mrs. Henry Greenall, a son. In Memop Tn ever loving memory of our dear son Harry Maybury who fell asleep January 24th, 1892. Gone, but not forgotten. in ever loving Memory of my Dalt- Mother. Hannah. Owen who fell asleep January 17th, 1807 ziged 70- years.. "Gone but never forgotton."
