===== 0002601_19030102_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BRUSH ES

CIGAR AND CIGARETTE

CASES, PURSES

).11ESING CASES,

CARD AND LETTER CASES.

BERESFORD'S 77, CHURCH SMUT, LIVERPOOL.

A. AND J. M 'TJAINR, PAN. NBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND RILVERSM 17, RICHMOND-STREW, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, ()no minnte's walk from Church-street. Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negantialsle Property of every description. OLD GOLD 4.ND STLVER BOUGHT. All ttaussac tdcns in accarlance with Acta Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straftz.htforward dealing onmtsined A. CHOIVE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Closits, Pictures. &a., always on Sale. We are new offering some Special BAIVIAINS in DIAMOND jEWELLEEY. LADllks' end GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCA.RIO PINS, BROOCHES, .&a l We respectfully aeicit intendin or purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. RECEIVE PROMPT ENQUIRIES Ay P.)31 ATTENTION, JEWELLERY BIWA MS. Alterations and Mounting§ of all kinds, Skilfully and Prom PUY done. Lowest Prins in Liverpool for Gold Obelus. A Carefully Selected Stock of GOLD BROCCRES. BRACELETS, &c. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and 13E0AM:115113NT RINGS at prices to snit all pockets. RICHMOND STREET, LIVERPOOL.

UMBRELLAS UMBRELLAS 11

LATBST NOVELTIRS SITITABLR 808 PRIORNT LADIES' 84 GENTLEMEN'S W LKING STICKS MBRBILLAS AND FITIRSIIADRS 111100VHIOD IN Est. AN NOUN FROM SS. 6n. T. BRIERLEY, 61, PICCADILLY A Nl.l OPPOSITE CONSTANTIM'S BATAS OXFORD-STREET,

MANCHESTRE.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

PROPRIETORS OF THE

IRRINGTON AND MID,CEIESEHRE EXAMINER. ;ARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, tiIINCORN EXAMINER.

WIDNES EX AM !NEB. ST. HELENS EXAMINER: ESTIMATES FURNISHED FOR PRINTING OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS

JOHN WALKER ND Co., EXECUTES • PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, PROGRAMMES FOR BAZARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK, ROGRAMMF.S von SOIREES. JOHN WALKER & CO., BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON."

===== 0002601_19030102_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
• • - .1.41111 P • . •.•

'ikkL

===== 0002601_19030102_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
--010".ftlift:.-- ••, t. -,---:....., -....;....-' . 10 ..,.- - i..-: ( „ . ..., • ~ . . . - • , ' '.• '-'• • ,t • - . , ~ .4 ~;:'. ', '. ,•• ,', •• , .-• •5 • ' , ..!' ~,,'• ,•.11'' ' , 1 • k. -. ki'••;,,-'''' •, -.., -•,,.•.' •- t • .•••• ••••? • -T • • •' • ,- ~ ~•,. ~ .., ..I,' '' 1 '2.,' •:;11: ".'0 .*''''''' t' • '' -, ' ',,,,, )e:OE 1,0 'rV, ' 4ii, '4;,-'' ' . ',..: . • 4a :: \.• ' t ~,..,„. . -c, ',:...TA e ".''' 'Y 4' . ..P., : ..f• • . 0°

No. 1238

ONE PENNY,

VANCY WORK TAIMEIT; els° Technical Dress- makimg.—Slies 13Eswicic. 47, Beweev—street.

FRIDAY, JANimity. 2, 1903.

J. B. 'ISAAC'S PORK PIES AND SAUSAGES

ARE ALL MADE ON HIS OWN PREMISES, UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION, FROM THE CHOICEST COUNTRY-FED PORK, AND THE UTMOST CARE EXERCISED AS TO

CLEANLINESS & PURITY OF INGREDIENTS,

WITH THE REAILT OF GMEING THE PUBLIC'S CONFIDENCE AND STEADY INCREASE OF TRADE.

WARRINGTON.

OUR OND GREAT PRINCIPLE HAS ALWAYS BEEN QUALITY, AND WE HAVE NEVER RECEDED FROM THAT. IN SPITE OF THE GREAT CRY FOR LOW-PRICED ARTICLES.

SAN KEY-ST., HORS EMARKET-ST., B RIDGE-ST.,

Posr 714c1 per Quarte,-,_ 6s 6d per gd per Quarter cred

===== 0002601_19030102_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
J. S. GARLAND, SOLE AGENT FOR LEA FRANCIS," "PREMIER" AND BAYLISS- THOMAS "EXCELSIOR" CYCLES. THE EXCELSIOR CYCLES

WITH DUNLOP OR CLINCHER A. TYRES, FREE-wHEELS AND FRONT AND BEAR WHEEL, RIM BRAKES AT THE

ASTONISHING PRICE OF

TEN GUINEAS, ARE THE BEST VALUE ITHE WORLD HAS YET

PRODUCED. BOLE AGENT FOR EXCELSIOR MOTOR BICYCLES,

REIS TRIAL ALLOWED TO INTENDING PURCHASERS INSPECTION IS INVITED AT TEE SHOWROOMS. 51, 53 AND 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTHINeAIDS BEAUTY SO !MOH AS BEAUTIFUL TEETH. NEW, DAINTY,

ARTIFICI AL TEETB

:FIT FOR A DUCHESS. 3siTo 21s. EACH. 30s. TO TEN GUINEAS PER:SET, UPPER OR LOWER. CONSULTATION FREE. TEL. 7892.

MR. W. JONES,

DENTAL SURGEON, (late of 13 Parker Street) NEW ADDRESS, THE ARCADE 85,LLORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FUR FIRST-CLASS PRIVA

DENTISTRY.

TEETH. 4.ppotutments unnecenary but nay arranged_ TEILTH tin consultations fret,. TEETH. !hob patient in forn- ,d beforehand of work required.

TEETIi. Sold and other fillings at modetbas charges. TEETH. An LLD., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. rainless Hxtrattion as hitherto by the of Biltrona Oxide,

MEETH,

Elaker to MNltirce of 10,000 weekly.

E=ors. of the late

J. H. 4 PARKINSON

( D TX!? 7tY )

MOSLEY-LITRIIZ (Telephone 1580).

MR. IirADDISON ATTENDS ST. HELENS --GEORGE-STREI:T MONDAI, 9.30 am. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m

WARRINGTON —3A, SANKEY-STREIt WEDNESD el, 2 to 5.

RIM:CORN BRIDGE-STREET THURSDAY. 2 to 5.

NORTIIWICFI_ 18, APPLw,MARKET-STREE? FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

G. EDDES S DANDELION COFFEE

The hest and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Said by all Grocers and Druggists, In Ganfates fid., 10d., and Is. Bcl. each. Wholesale by 1. GRDDES AND SON. LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833.

ROBERT I OWE. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER & VALUER Office and Salerooms: No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. rrICLEPRONE. No. 55.

CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FIR SALE. New and 3.cond-band Fnruiture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furnittne, &c., warehoused,

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S

CIILORODYNE.

INVALUABLE FOR.

COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS,

ASTHMA, NEURALGIA,

AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS.

This old And tried remedyhas stood Ethe test of two generation 3.

REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE : the ORIGINAL can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if rm. let it be seen that you are not weak enough to accept an imitation.

COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME;

is. 4D., 2s. 9D., 4s. 6D., HE PRICES.

GREAT STOCKTAKING SALE AT PITTS'S LONDON-ROAD, MANCRESTER (Just past Station through Railway Arch ) ALSO AT pITTS'S PANTIIMON, GAYTHORN (Just past Manchester Central Station). ASTOUNDING BARGAINS. OPPORTUNI OF A LIFRTIMIL PIM'S STOCKTAKING SALE.—DOUSICS OF FURNITURE at 15i. 221. 28i, 381, 51, 75. 100, 200, up to 1.030 Guineas, specially augmented in Quality and QuAntity of Articles for this Sale, far SURPASS OTHERS. Full particulars and ILLUaTRATED FUttNISIIING GUIDE, containing 700 Designs, priced FIFTY PER CENT BELOW expensive city firms, peat free. Cash prices only quoted. Deterred Payments 1) percent extra.

pIT TS'S DINING-ROOM FURNITURE.- Astounding Display of Suitestin Morocco, saddlebags, velvet, and other costly fabrics. For instance, splendid, Suite. American Walnut. covered with rich Utrecht velvet. cost £45, price £l5 10s; handsome sideboard to match, cost £26, price £lO Ns. Extending Dining Table, cost £7, for £3 35. Grand Suite, American walnut, an 3 Arabian saddle- bags, cost 50 guineas, price £lB. Magnificent Brown Oak Suite, in real Morooco leather, cost 60 guineas, price 25 guineas. Colossal solid Oak Sideboard t,o match, profusely carved, cost £B5, price £35. Serviceablst Suite, in real leather, £7 10s. cost £2O. Another, in velvet, £8 Bs, cost £22. Sideboard, three 'mvelled plates in back, £4 bs, worth double. Scores to select from. Sideboards, Dining Tables.. Dinner Waggons, every size make, design, in endless pro— fusion, at giving-away prices.

pITTEP S DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURE.- Superb collection of choicest designs, such as Chippen— dale, Sheraton, Adams. Louis, &a— in rosewood, beautifully inlaid Circassian and, Italian walnut, dre.. upholstered with every conceivable variety of coverings, including Genoa and frieze velvets, broeatelle, cordate% &a., Chippendale Suite in dark mahogany, cost £53 price 24 guineas. Overmantel to match, Cost £l5, price 6 guineas. Also Cabinet, cost £65. pric, 20 guineas. Italian walnut Suite, in rich velvet, cost £35, price 10 guineas. One in tapestry. cost VI. price 12 guineas. Another In embossed velvet, cost £2l. price 8 guineas. Sitting Room Suite, complete, cost £O. pries 8, guineas; bas couch, two easy and small chairs, in mahogany and hair or leather; sideboard, table, carpet, fender and ere brasses ; a marvel, well worth securing. Cabinets, Over- mantels, Occasional Tables, ,to. Grand value.

PITTS'S BEDROOM FURNITURE.—By far the largest and best selection in the proVlnsos. UvAr 100 Suites, solid wood througbouz, all complete. in satin walnut American walnut, Spanish malsogany,ash, and other fashion- able woods. Grand solid American Walnut Suite. complete. cost £65, price 25 guineas. Splend' satin walnut Suite, cost £45. price 18 guineas. Ash suite, cost £25. price 11 guineas; !Intim contents of bedroom, coat £2O. prior) 9 guineas, con- taining wardrobe, pair of toilet tables, chest of drawers, pedestal cupboard towel rail, three chairs, toilet glass, brass- mounted bedstead, mattresses, wool bed, bolster,two pillows, carpet fender, and toilet ware, all complete. Massive all- brass Bedstead, cost £ll, price 6 guineas Brass-mounted Bedstead, spring Land wool mattrosJes, full size and quality, for 3 guineas, worth £6.

PITTS'S BEDSTICADS AND BEDDING. L Largest and best selection being cleared out at givin- away driees. Rare chance for cheap linos.

pITTS'S CkEPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS* Grmd Display. All British makes, choicest design, many of which exclusive. Exquisitely blended colourings. Laid and fitted free at charge.

PITTS'S POPULAR PI ANOS.—Magnificant Dis- play of NBIT and SIKIOND-lIAND by ths best makers. considerably UNDlift usual prices.

PITTSS BASSINETTEI, MAIL CARTS, LAMPS, CHINA, GLASS, BARTHBNWARB, IN- DOOR ClAktBS, Trunks. Bags Portmanteaus, dm

SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER LONDON ROAR (Ardwiek and Longslght Cars). GAYT6IOIIif (all City Eoad Clare pvid the doors. Eltablished 1845. National Telephone 1,124.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• • ,

• , v••. 1,4

===== 0002601_19030102_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGALL'S Pategt SELF-RISING FLOUR 1317::EN;r8ioN. FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

There never, I fancy, was a year when so many dainty trifles were on view in the shops bewildering to a great extent the would -be purchasers of these fascinating odds and ends. It is as well for most of us that Christmas comes but once a year, as the demands on one's purse are very heavy. Still it is a season of jollity without which much of the brightness would go out of many lives. There are so many pretty articles which make welcome and useful gifts. Most girls welcome with delight a dainty slip of net chiffon or some such diaphonous fabric while even more serviceable are the tucked silk blouses. Very dainty also are the turn-over cuffs and collars of fine lawn hemstitched, embroidered or inset with lace, worn in conjunction with a silk knotted cravat. Indeed never, I suppose, has the throat received so much attention as at present und collars of filmy muslin are emphati- cally one of the most prominent features of the modistic hour.

Lace being practically a necessity on every

1// I . i'•.:4l j#.:... i\ 1 ,r 1 ,r,clA ' ~,;',',/„•7; , , ,

===== 0002601_19030102_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
A PRETTY SLIP.

item of dress lace fichus, collars and lace-edged handkerchiefs are exceedingly acceptable offer- ings. The prettiest wide collars fall Over the shoulders in a shawl-like manner, narrowing to a point at the waist. One can purchase any of these dainty additions of the toilette for almost any price, so that those with only a little 'to spend will be equally as well suited as those to whom expense is a matter of little note. The pretty slip depicted is of spotted net trimmed with lace and insertion, the latter interthreaded with narrow iibbon. The effect is particularly charming. I should advise any reader who has many social events looming on her immediate social horizon to purchase or make a slip of this character to wear over various blouses. It will always enhance the appearance of an old blouse which perchance is slightly soiled, while it adds to the dressy effect of a new one.

Lace as we all know soils quickly (especially in this evil English climate), and as it is not always wise to trust the real article to the oftimes careless hands of a cleaner it is wiser to spend a spare hour in doing it up oneself at home. It is necessary, however, when ironing it to always lay a piece of muslin over the lace as an iron should never come in direct contact with it. This applies to fine lace. The coarser and heavier makes such as crochet, tatting, guipure or Irish laces never really require te be ironed at all.

. %,. ,1„... .„. f •/ , - . It 40,, '- r ‘,_. _, 4 . r 44eZ i. • .-' 9. r.....--4 I - ‘.sl' .- • L.:A i 1 'l', ih, 111 \ Ai ~,; , ----,, ~_,,..•:',,,, 1 :'-',, ,-,-, , --:-.- // 4 k lay '._ •-, i t'sr:._.s Tiii. fat Ne, -"-'r. .• . •

===== 0002601_19030102_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
A LACE TOILETTE.

These should instead be placed on a board covered with flannel and the pattern pulled carefully into shape and every point pinned carefully down and left till the lace is thoroughly dry. Should it then feel at all 'stiff it should be gently pulled or rubbed with the fingers. To cleanse the lace benne ironing it should be gently rinsed in a suds made of lukewarm water and soap. Silk ribbons should also be treated in this way but should on no account ever be wrung or rubbed if you want them to look nice. _ _

The lace dress has by no means departed from our midst and a very charming sample of this mode is depicted. It is of an ecru shade and is made up over white silk. The bodite is so fashioned that by the substitution of a high. necked slip it can do duty for afternoon wear or for a small dinner party. A really good lace robe is a very satisfactory investment, as there is endless wear to be got out of it and in summer time it will do duty

lor social functions such as garden parties sr at homes.

For weddings a lace dress will always look well, but—and this is the most important point --the lace must be of a good quality in the first instance, or else it will prove an unsatis- factory possession. There are some fine makes of lace where the net is covered with a fine floral pattern of sprays or wreaths of flowers, but should one step inadvertently on the edge of the lace and tear it the dress is practically ruined, as even the most skilful darning will fail to conceal the rent. A strong make of lace does not tear easily and is not so readily soiled. Of course a lace costume to look at its best should be made over chiffon, but this adds( greatly to the ex- pense. For elderly ladies a black lace dress made over white silk is most becoming and can do duty at all family gatherings such as are usual at this season.

The dainty tea jacket sketched is of black lace over yellow silk, and could be worn by any woman whether in her fitst youth or middle aged. It is a most comfortable possession, especially if one has—or pretends to have—any claim to being an invalid. Worn over a soft cashmere or crepe de chine skirt and enhanced by a cluster of gloire de dijon roses at the breast any woman will appear at her best. There are some of soune to whom yellow is a particu- larly unbecoming colour, but it is so easy then to substitute as a lining to the lace the exact tone of pink or blue which best suits our com- plexion and colouring. When in doubt, however, always choose a light cream or ivory silk and substitute pink or deep crimson roses for the gloine de dijon and the result cannot fail to be successful.

One can purchaFe artificial roses nowadays which resemble the real rose in a truly lifelike and wonderful fashion and are scented in such a delicate manner as even to deceive the most

COQUETTE.

, , p; vt (0::,-411,4 , ittiiiit .ft, c iiii I. 4- .... Pit-; A t PAVE& 1,1 thw,arjrcio \\,....\,,,........ .- /Pr. ....- ~.....„--wv f \i)iiii7li't

A TEA JACKET.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, January 2, 1903.

rut (amid lie, say anything at present, et en t wisher, so. I gave her my parcel of magazine S hurried bank to the Langitam. T entered the hotel I saw Sir Georee Duille step out of the lift, which had just descended tom the upper door, lie was alone, and turned into the reading-roatn without seeing me, looking. I thought, solnewhat more pre-occupied than usual. I entered the lift, and Stepped out. of it a minute later close to the door of Lady Isabella's rooms. I was sur- prised, as I opened the door of her sitting-room, to hear her speaking quite brightly, almost gaily, and fully espected to find visitors with her. rut only Harris was in the room, and she was leaving it to return to the dressing-room as I entered, carrying away some dressing-gowns she had been 'hewing my lady. Lady Isabella, for n wonder, wasnot lying down; she sat, in a low easy-chair, her slender feet quite buried in the thick white wool rug that lay before the blazing. lire ; a contented smile wavered on her lips, an almost joyous light ghetto in the dark eyes the turned to me. My heart leaped. Ceuld the 4oetor's reaort he favourable ? Was she to know the joy of living free from pain.? I sat down opposite to her, aid looked the qt.es- tion I could not fraine, She laughed—positively laughed—a glad, spon- taneous laugh. I had never heard Lady Isabella laugh like that ; but it stud mean good news, .and I laughed too. "That is better, Rachel," she said ; "you looked so tragic a minute ago. Well, it is ell right— for me—and I hope it' will be right, for everyone else pr-sently. It is what I have hoped with all strength." I left my chair, and crouched down on the thick rug beside her. She held 'out her hand, and I took it in both mine and pressed it to my cheek and lips. We sat silent for seine minotes, and then I found words. "You mean there is no hope? " "0 Rachel," she said brightly, "I did not expect. such a conventional ohrese from yea For me there is every hope.. 'Wonld the man on the rack grieve if he were told that he was going to be taken off? Would the prisoner in Siberia weep if he heard that his senteng was nearly worked out Yoa know, Rachel, that, to me, death only means- change—the passing from bne phase to •another— that, I have longed for the time to be ripe as eagerly as Gerald longs to go and see the other side of.thit world. Rachel. I could laugh for joy that the 'nours of spy physical suffering are numbered! I pray that the suffering here has done its full work, that I may not need it in the beyond." it so near ? " I asked, :holding her hand more closely in mine. I loved my mistress dearly—loved and revered her. "A few weeks, maybe," she replied ,lightly ; "but very little more pain, Rachel. The worst 'is over, they tell me ; the end will be comparatively easy and peaceful. Let us thank God for that." "I do, I do!" I dared not say more lest I should shed the selfish tears that were brimming in my heart. "I may do just what I like, Rachel; what I feel able to do," continued .Lady Isabella, with some- thing of the gay ahandon of a child. "Lying down will not lengthen toy time, nor will sitting up shorten it. presently weariness will compel me to lie down but when it does not., I may sit up like this, or stand, or walk even. Rachel, I feel gay enough to dance this evening," and then her tone changed entirely, and she leant forward and took my head in her two hands, and added: "I am very very selfish. Yost will be sorry, Rachel; we have been good friends;* you have been my kind com- forter in many bitter hours. But', Rachel, the veil will only be beteween us for a while, and in sleep we may meet—who knows? You have work here, Rachel; do it with your might. My work lies elsewhere—apart, for a while, from those I have loved here ; but apart only for such a little while that when, hereafter; we look back upon it, it will appear but as a day or two." And then she let, her hands drop back into her lap, and sat thoughtfully gazing into the fire, the same contented smile flickering about her lips. She had forgotten me. Her maid was revelling in the thought of the new and wondrous life that was opening before her. Clarified by suffering. The words came into my mind unbidden. How well they fitted her, and.how small the interests in my own life suddenly appeared! I started out of my sombre thoughts as Lady Isabella spoke again. "Do you think Gerald and Irma will maery each other, Rachel?" • What could I say? I could not tell her of my brother Paul's ambitious hopes; but she continued, without waiting for my reply: "I should like to leave my diamonds to Irma, if I thought she would one day be Gerald's wife; all my other property goes ,to him." Again I knew not what to .say. I could, not tell her that mr. Gerald bna,• sold her diamonds, that her bureau held only paste. But Lady Isabella was only talking to divert my mind, and to accustom me to the idea that she was leaving us. She waited for no answer to her aeiond remark. "Sir George tells me that Mr. Densmore thought I was greatly deeeived in the value of my diamonds; but, unless they were changed by the jewellers in the re-setting, I know they are good. I must let Mr. Densmore see them again, and if he is still doubtfsl, I 'shall have them tested by an expert before I bequeath theinas an heirloom." There was a new danger! What if Lady Isabella charged Messrs. Hugh and Clough with stealing her diamonds and substituting paste. What a dangerous network winds itself round and round one false act! ‘lt would be safer to let Mr. Gerald have the jewels," I said, "if you would like his wife td wear them. He and Miss Irma are both very young, and may change their minds yet." doubt if Irma has made up her mind at all," said my lady. "She likes teasing Gerald, and she likes his devetion, and would appreciate his title; but I have never thought she was in love with him; that may, perhaps, come litter—l don't know." "Do you think she likes Mr. Densmore?" I asked. "In the same way only. She likes his money and his admiration. .Unfortunately, girls often marry on that, before they understand what they are about." "Mr. Bathurst will not let Miss Irma do that." "No; he will not let her marry too young. But, with all her childish impulsiveness, Irma is, to some extent, shrewd and worldly-wise, Rachel; and if no strong love interferes, Gerald's 'title may win the day. His desire to win her is the only thing that keeps him in England. He is afraid to leave the field open, though I believe he would have a better chance if he went away for a year, and then renewed the attack. But lam growing very weary, Rachel; too tired for anything. I will go to bed, I think, and you will bring me a tiny dinner there." And, leaning heavily on my willing strength, Lady Isabella passed slowly to her bedroom. We remained in town a full week after this. Lady Isabella seemed to take pleasure in the dim, grey London atmosphere, and in the near neigh- bourhood of so much busy life. "There will be sunshine very likely • at the Chase," she said, "and sunshine shuts out the real life. You may stare, Rachel," she added, with s smile, for doubtless I was looking at her with some surprise. I had always counted the sun as creating life, rather than shutting it out. "I allow that the rising of the sun creates physical life, but it conceals spiritual life ; and I feel nearer to the life that is coining to me here in half-dark London." So we remained. And each day I learnt a little more of the unknown world that, to Lady Isabella, was so real; and each' day I became more familiar with the life that surged for miles around our hotel. The night before our return to the • Chase, there was to he a grand concert at. the Albert Hall. It was to be quite an exceptional performance. Father had taken a box for four, and mother begged me earnestly to take her place. Father would like to have me, mother would prefer to stay at home, and Lady Isabella would like to hear about it after; so 1. agreed to go. I was very glad T did. It was a new experience to me in every way. I felt quite proud of father and Sam in their evening dress; and Miriam looked sweet in pale blue, with a warm white fur wrap—she was growing quite pretty and refined by association With nice people. The great hall was a grand sight, thronged as it was from floor to roof with brightly-dressed people, and. when the Royal box filled up, and the whole vast audience rose to the "National Anthem," I was nearer crying than: singing—it was No grand and, to me, so novel. In the middle of the concert there was an intereat of a quarter of an hour, and Sam and Miriam left the box for the corridor outside. Presently father said he would like to see the house from the other side, where a better sight of the Royal lox could be obtained, and I remained alone, looking about me with keen interest, until a voice in the next box —close to which I was sitting—caught my ear. That gay young voice, and the piquante drawl I .osted so foolishly, could only belong to one person. I stood up, and, leaning my armis on the front of our box, I bent forward, and professed to be deeply absorbed in the occupants of-the stalls below; but

1 managed, 1-efore I sat down again, to give a swift glance at the inmates of the next box. Yes, it was sliss Irma, sitting back to back with me, only that slighi partition between us. The diamond necklace glittered on her white neck, and Mr. Gerald's butterfly gleamed in her hair. 1 changed my seat so that I might, perhaps, see some of the oliar occupants of the box. Yes. opposite to her was Mrs. Ashton, Mr. Densmore's married sister. Irma Was staying there then, and probably Mr. Densmore was staving there also. I could not set• him, but I could 'hear his voice; and it appeared tc: me, from the clatter of merry tongues, that Miss Irma was surrounded with her usual posse of admirers. An elderly gentleman was seated by Mrs. A3hton when I first changed my place, but when, a fex minutes later, I glanced again into the box, he had vanished, and a younger man occupied his chair-6 very handsome young man, with wavy brown hair, and a thick: soft beard, carefully trnuned and pointed, after the fashion of the Vandyke portraits. His face attracted me, and I looked at him again when he was not looking toy way. It was a strong, kindly, as well as hand- so:ne face. He was talking to Mrs. Ashton with interest, and did not appear to have fallen a victim to Miss. Irma's sweet fascina- tions. I rested my elbow on the ledge of the box, and my forehead on my hand, and watehtd him from beneath its shadow, Presently Mrs. Ashton 'spoke across the box to Irma, and as she did so the gentleman beside b r looked straight towards Miss Irma also, and front the shelter of -my gloved hlid I gazed right into his eyes. I knew at once, then, why his face had attracted me so much. It was my brother Paul!

===== 0002601_19030102_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(Copyright.)

===== 0002601_19030102_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
IRMA'S WOOING.

There is scarcely anything that so often turns out to be inaccurate as weather saws. Statistics we know play havoc with the old sayings and proverbs, but we do not like to forget them, especially those that indicate a BY ELLEN TIGHE HOPKINS, favourable prospect. We may gather one or two cheer- Author ipr."A. Lost Lover," "Jack and Jill," ing indications from Christmas Day, for in many parts of the country there was bright sunshine-on the 25th "When I was Twenty," "Will He Will December, and this we are told " foretelleth a peaceabel Her ? " "Reality," &c. year, and plenty." Moreover it was a windy day, and _ therefore "the trees will bear much fruit" says the 1 CHAPTER VIII. proverb. On the other hand "a warm Christmas,.and a cold Easter" says another one, but, as we had a fair I lay awake pondering over many things that night. share of wintry weather before Christmas, there is the Life was much more complex than in the placid greater chance that we may this year escape a cold days when I took my pay from Sir George, and spring. ; In London and many provincial towns complaints bought Miriam a new frock out of it. I had no feeling of anger or indignation against Mr. Gerald have beenheard this Christmas of the calmness which for his action in the matter of the diamonds. My some persons have exhibited in asking for Christmas 9wn boxes. There are, of course, people, such as the post- conscience was uneasy. I had always intended man, to whom everybody gives most willingly, but the if I ever possessed money to use it nobly, but at patience of the most generous person is apt to be ex_ the very outset I did as Mr. Gerald had done— hausted when errand-boy after errand-boy, coming to yielded to temptation. I bought the things for the house for the first time,asks that he may be presented Irma purely to gratify myself; and if I did not with a vail. , , actually wrong any individual in so doing I was The Alexandra Trust, where the queen's Christmas ‘ not acting up to my ideals. dinner was given to the widows and orphans of the men ; Well, I would do better presently; yes, after I killed in the war, is k-nowii locally as the "Hotel de had gratified myself. I was quite as contemptible Lipton." It was built by Sir Thomas Lipton's philan- . as Mr. Gerald. I must save him from any possible thropy to supply the working classes with excellent chance of exposure, and then I would start afresh meals at low charges, and its success is proved by the ; trowded state of the rooms every da_y. It is fitted with a poorer but a wiser woman, and use my riches 1111 the latest and most scientific appliances,for cooking ' differently, for the benefit of the world at large, food in immense quantities and the meals are served at not alone of the individuals I loved. a fraction over their cost. 'ln addition to the ordinary The next morning Lady Isabella asked me if I restaurant, there is a "table d'hote" floor,where one can , would be willing to go up to town with her for a dine sumptuously for something like 4d. or sd. i few days. I was greatly surprised, for it was The interment of the remains of Dr._ Temple tool, ; several years since she had been outside the park. . _ . _ _ _

place in a quiet spot surrounded by the cloisters of . Canterbury. Of former Archbishops, only one has found ; a resting place at Canterbury since the Reformation, but several have been buried at Addington—two inside ' the Church—and the remainder in the little churchyard. The surroundings however seem to indicate that many , of them are forgotten, as nearly all the ' graves of Premates, who have been, buried in the churchyard, are in a very neglected condition. Mrs. Temple was untiring in her devotion to her husband, and it was to her help that the late archbishop atteiluted his ability to bear the burden of such a busy When Dr. Temple was tranalated from London to Canterbury, some ladies of the Metropolitan diocese presented his wife with a token of their affection, and: the archbishop took the opportunity of sayiag how greatly she had helped him. She was, he said, worthy of any honour that could be extended to her. "I ought to know," he added, "for I have lived with her for a long time, &Id I think her the one woman in the world.' Dr. Temple also used to say to young clergymen that there is nothing like getting married to improve in preaching, and added that he spoke from experience when he said there was no more accurate critic of a sermon than the wife of the preacher. The perils of the oyster have been once more made manifest by the serions outbreak of typhoid in the Southern towns, which seems to have been due to the partaking of oysters at a civic banquet. The enquiry, a few years ago, showed conclusively that oysters taken from beds liable to be contaminated with sewage matter were exceedingly dangerous, and though no doubt more care is taken to prevent such oysters being sent to market, yet if they cannot be depended upon at a Mayoral banquet, there seems less reason for the public to have any faith in these precau- tions. The greatest care is necessary with regard to all uncooked shell fish, and even watercress and salad vegetables are not altogether free from the suspicion of tensing typhoid. These' and watercress especially, should always be washed in a strong solution of salt and water, as mere rinsing under the tap will not remove the minute leeches, bloodworrns, and other organisms, which some medical authorities are inclined to believe are the cause of cancer. There is hardly anything that we cannot get insured against now-a-days, and apparently the members at Lloyds did so well out of the small-pox scare, that they are now offering to insure against appendicitis. Since so much attention has been directed to this disease, many people have become nervous about it, but for a premium of ss. they can now be assurred of all expenses up to £2OO if any operation is necessary, and the pay- ment of a further £2OO in the event of death. Possibly we may soon be able to ensure against influenza, of which there seems to be more about than the usual winter epidemic, but the difficulty in that case would be to distinguish between influenza and an ordinary cold, or other ailments. The best insurance however, agains all sash complaints is a high standard of general healtht which by regular habits and constant endeavour we can, do much to insure. The winter sales will soon be in full swing, and at these the home wollker ought to do well, for never have remnants proved of greater use than at the moment. For emunple, short remnants, too short for blouse lengths, are almost "given away" yet with neck pieces and sleeves, of some semi-transparent fabric, these make up into dainty bodices. For fronts, and cravats, short remnants too are always useable. Regarding coat and skirt costumes,nothing extreme should be indulged in, however great a "bargain" it may appear, and head- gear should be viewed in a good light. In good gloves, handkerchiefs, and hosiery, there are few bargains to be had. Such articles are saleable at any time. In the cheap makes of gloves, colored handkerchiefs' and gaudy hosiery, much can be had for one's money, these however we should do well to avoid. Regarding under- skirts, and dressing gowns, and jackets, many bargains will be offered, and the same state of affairs will obtain in the evening and ball-gown department, of all the large drapery establishments. The newest dinner and theatre blouses shew a V shaped opening at the throat, sharply outlined with a black velvet band,or piping. Those among us who possess ahopelessly thin neck and pair of shoulders will rejoice at this revival. Few women,however "scraggy" are unable to present a respectable appearance in a V shaped blouse, and this is distinctly more dressy at the present time than the square or round semi-trans- parent deocolletage to which the "unpresentable" have clung so long. Ermine is enjoying a wide vogue. Long scarves for evening wear which twice encircle the neck. then fall almost to the feet, are being built of this fur, and chiffon frillings, and the effect is quaint, and dainty, in the ex- treme. For trimming airy fairy evening gowns, ermine is again requisitioned, and it also finds a place in many of the smartest afternoon toilettes. Modistes have discovered a happier way of utilizing this beauti- ful fur, it no longer appedrs hard, cold, and aggressive. It is now so softened and toned down with chiffon and lace, as to be possible when even quite indifferent conplexions are concerned.

She told me that Sir George wished her to see an eminent specialist, and that after considerable demur she had consented. Sir George had taken rooms for her at•the Langham Hotel for a week, and she would like both me and Harris to go with her. She did not expect any beneficial result, but she had made up her mind to go. Of course, I did not hesitate, and in less than a week we were luxuriously located within easy reach of my people. in Nottingham-place, and of my jewellers in Bond-street. It was a fortunate circumstance that such an unexpected visit shoulct occur just then, for it postponed .Mr.. Densmore's inspection of the diamonds, and it gave me an opportunity to do several things. in town that I desired to do. Before leaving the Chase I despatched my neck- lace by a safe hand to Miss Irma at the Rectory. I would not allow iuself the pleasure of seeing her open it. But I knew that, sooner or later, I should see her wear it. The move to town did Lady Isabella no harm I rather fancied it did her good, after the first fatigue was passed. We both liked to hear the busy rumble in the streets below, too far off to be annoying, but near enough to suggest incessant movement—an entire change from the stillness of the Chase. We both agreed that it was rather amusing for a day or two, but would soon become wearisome. The Chase was never wearisome. I was as delighted as a child to go up and down in the hotel lift, and to use the telephone and the electric bells. I frequently went out for short excursions and amused Lady Isabella on my return with my purchases, and my account of what I had seen. The great doctor called the third day. Sir George came up to be present, and Harris was within call, so I went out for a walk. I had been waiting for a chance to walk as far as the Strand, and I- at once seized this opportunity. It was a cold, grey afternoon, and I walked quickly to Trafalgar-square, and thence made my way into the Strand and turned up Bedford-street. I wanted the office of the Bi-monthly, and I -quickly found it. Yet I hesitated before I entered it. I did not want to pry into Paul's secrets, but I wanted very much to be able to tell mother something of his whereabouts. Then an idea occurred to me, and I briskly entered the pub- lishing office and asked a young clerk behind the counter for a dozen copies of the last number of the Bi-monthly. "Are they for the trade ? " he asked, looking me over with a little surprise. I replied in the negative. An elderly man hereupon appeared from behind a desk. "Can we send them for you, madam? Twelve copies will make rather a heavy parcel." "Thank you, no. I shall drive home if I can get a cab near." I did not wish to give my name o them. "Our boy will fetch you a cab, madam." "Oh, thank you," I said. "I shall be very glad." And whilst the young clerk was despatching the boy on his errand I seized my opportunity. "Can you tell me whether Mr. Paul Howard is in town ? " I asked the polite old el( rk, who was making an ideal parcel of my magazines. • "Mr. Paul Howard ?." he said thoughtfully. "Let me think. We are just sending him a proof if I am not mistaken " ; and he went to his desk and returned with an open envelope in his hand and shewed me the address. Ernest Ward, Esq., Hotel Bristol, Paris. I was utterly puzzled, and I suppose I looked as I felt, for my friend added: "Paul Howard is the name he writes under." "Are you sure ? " I asked. "Oh, yes, madam. His real name is Ward. I am told he has bought the Seer, and means to make it a tip-top magazine." "It is curious he should have chosen my brother's name as a nom de plume," I said; and, thanking the polite old man I paid for my now worthless parcel, and stepped into my hansom and told the driver to take me to Nottingham- place. I felt horribly disappointed, and not a little humiliated. I had read the article I thought, was Paul's over and over until I could almost repeat it. I thought I had recognised himself in every line of it, and I had delighted in Mr. Bathurst's and Lady Isabella's praise of his concise literary style, the outcome, as I said, of years of good "Ss,ading. rpurposely left my dozen copies of the magazine in the cab when I alighted, but the too honest cabman brought it after me, and I had to give him a shilling for his undesired honesty. I found mother all alone. It was Saturday, and father had taken Sam and Miriam to a special concert at the Crystal Palace. They were going to dine there afterwards, and see an exhibition of electric light novelties. "I did not feel equal to so much," said mother, when she told me this, "so I persuaded them to , go without me. Father would have preferred to stay at home, but he thought it better to go with ' the children." "Much better," I agreed. We have been everywhere with them ai yet," said mother; "and they never seem to wish to go without' us." "Why should they ? " I asked. their pleasure instead of spoiling it-." "I am longing to get home, Rachel. But I mean to be patient till Sam and Miriam have got their sea legs, as father calls it—until they are used to money and pleasure. lam longing to get , my own home and my holiday home in order. I have made friends with one of the citrates here, and with his wife, and it, is heartrending to hear . some of their stories of the distress in even these , few streets near us. They say they will be so thankful to send some of their wretched poor to Barton's farm occasionally. I um quite busy • making many things we shall want. Mrs. Butler ' has even interested Miriam, and she has been helping me since her holidays began." "Shall you stay here for Christmas,mother ? " asked. "Oh, yes, dear. We shall stay till the beginning of February, I think; then Sam goes into his engineering works; and we shall very likely leave Miriam as a boarder with Mrs. Butler to attend Queen's College till the end of the summer term. She likes Mrs.' Butler. They ,are really good people, but they don't think it wicked to be jolly.' "That will be a splendid plan.,. Then you and father can please yourselves for awhile." . Mother and I had our tea together, and I told her all about my visit to Bedfor,d-street, and my disappointment, but she did not seem much impressed, or to share my disappointment. She sat thoughtfully stroking a great white cat thr.., belonged to the house, but that found mother's lap, what we children had always found it, the snuggest haven anywhere. "Paul's second name is Ernest," she said I presently, in a musing tone, "and Ward is part of his surnt:me." "Why, to be sore it is," I exclaimed. "It, may be our Paul, after all. How clever of you, mother.' "Well, you see, Rachel, I feel quite sure Paul. wrote that article in the magazine. Father read it, to me twice through, and we I:oth said there could be no mistaking Paul. He may have bought the magazine you spoke of under another name, though I don't know why he should." We both ant silent for a few minutes. I began to have a glimmering idea of why Paul had reversed the usual order of things and was living limier an assumed name and writing under his own.

MADGE.

"You add tn

===== 0002601_19030102_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POETS AND POETRY OF BLACKBURN.

Mr. George Hull has placed Blackburnians in particu- lar,and Lancashire folk in general,under a considerable debt of gratitude by his publication of so carefully- compiled and complete a work as "The Poets and Poetry of Blackburn.". It is a volume of 504 pages, and contains forty portraits printed on art paper—and most of them capital likenesses—of the poets whose works are quoted and reviested in the book. in his introduc- tion,Mr. Hull, himself a poet of no mean order, alludes to the unique position of Blackburn as a foster-mother of poetic genius. He says: "As a large town, it is not nearly so old as many of its neighbours, yet it excels them all in the number of versatility of Its native poets To find anything like a parallel, one would have to go as far as Manchester, and there, doubtless,—through that city drawing to itself the poets of surrounding districts—would our glory be eclipsed. The Manchester school of poets will be remembered for ages; thanks to the genius of Waugh, Brierley. Swain, and a host of others, aided by the scholarly labours of such men as Harland, Wilkinson and Milner. And if our "Blackburn school" be not so eminent, it is at least worthy to take rank close behind that of Manchester as a nursery of native Lancashire literature. Such names as Baron and Rillington, Dugdale, Walker, Rawcliffe, Yates, and others too numerous to mention, suggest to an old Blackburnian a garland of poesy such as very few towns can show." THE LATE MR. JOHN WALKER. The booki of course, includes a representative selection from the poetic writings of the late Mr. John Walker, a native of Blackburn, and well-known in Warrington as the editor and proprietor of this paper up to the time of his death in 1892. Mr. Walker wrote a great deal, and it has only been possible to givea number of his better- known productions, but these include blank verse, rhymes in the dialect, songs and lyrics. Those which Mr. Hull reprints are: "Descent from Scawfell Pike to Sprinkling Tarn," "The Factory Lad," "My Books: A Sabbath Reverie," "Sonnet,written in Chorley Cemetery," "My Grandad," "My Granny," "Epistle to the Editor of Ben Brierley's Journal," "Ralph Waldo Emerson" (In memoriam), and tOde on the Death of William Billing- ton." The selection is accompanied by a portrait of Mr. Walker, and will, we are sure, lend additional interest to Mr. Hull's book in the eyes of many old Warringtonians. We will just add that the book is well printed and neatly bound by Messrs. .Toulmin, and the published price is 6s.

GUOD WINS WHEW; xn BUSH! A trial is sufficient. Matti iyattee Cocoa only neeis trod to bm nv sured of a constant place at your table se It is purity itself. Is of bigAer qumlity, of greater solubility. and go. a twice as far as any. ordinary Locos. Try a Sarnplo of

===== 0002601_19030102_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
MAZAWATTEE COCOA

and N.4.,uwmalwsys u-e it. it halt speonful gives twice as winch liquid 4i any ordinary emus. Test this feet for your elf, and if you are not satisfied. a free tin wi t be seut you on appliwtion to Man- wattee, London.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER IX.

The following day we returned to the Chase and settled .once more into our old routine for the brief space of time left to us. In my modest trunk I carried the genuine diamonds, end before twer four hours had passed I had found an opportunity of astracting the false ones from the bureau and putting the real ones in their place. The miniature hal b,.en exqnisitely copied, and as I held the two piece= of jewellery for is moment, one in either hand, :1 doubted whether even Mr. Densmore would be able to decide which was which. Indeed, I made the exchange quickly, lest I should become confused myseif as to which hand held the true and which the false. I breathed a sigh of great relief when the bureau was safely locked swain, and the paste diamonds buried in the depths of my deepe3t trunk until I could decide how to destroy them altogether. I did not intend to run the risk of their ever being discovered. ; It was none of my business to punish Mr. Gerald. Moreover I felt pretty certain that he was punished sufficiently already. He had acted 'ins,ily—under the influence of his infatuation— withont calculating' the ris she ran, or reckoning with his conscience, lie had had a bad time since, 1 felt sure, and with that I did not intend to 'interfere. But the family name and honour must

Le ma,!e safe. I had said no word' to anyone of my seeing Paul. -Where was the use? I knew they would declare it. lo be toy fancy. I should have told father. probably, but beo e I had recovered from the surprise of the recogniti, n everything had changed. The second part of the concert began, the audiene,t 110,1:,:d hack, to their seats, Paul Vrtnislwd iron' the adjoining box, and I. saw no more of him. so I held my peace. He was back in London. In his ot‘n tm• he would seek us again. Had he stayed longer in 'he next box he must have teen some of us ; but he was only there, I imagine,

for a few minutes. A few days alter our return to the Chase I was i a the library cataloguing some new books that Sir George had bought when we were in town—it Was one of my privileges to act as librarian. °(-dying me free access to a tine collection of books—when a light step ran down the long corridor, and Miss Irma looked .into the room. "Here you are!" she exclaimed, closing the door and sitting down on the rug before the great wood lire. "I. have been upstairs and downstairs, and in my lady's studio after you. Come and sit down !tore, too, Rachel, and talk to me, do." She had drawn off her warm gloves, and she patted the rug beside her as she spoke, with her dimpled hand, and looked bee e?,ching ; and, of eourse, I. ignored my seven-and-twenty years and okeyed her behest, and she curled up beside me .and said: "Mr. Densmore and Mrs. Ashton are upstairs looking at the diamonds." "Are they? " I asked, with perfect equanimity. "Is Mr. Gerald with Lady Isabella?" He tried to persuade us all to go to the Rectory fOi tea, but Mr. Densmore wanted to coaie here." Poor Mr. Gerald, I felt really sorry for him. I could' only have told him I "Do you think I shall ever wear those diamonds, Raehel ? " "I hope you never will, you greedy little thing." "They would look lovely with my necklace and Inv ourterfly, wouldn't they.? " ."No," I replied decidedly. "So maay would look vulgar. If yon had those you would want more. Yon will never be satisfied, never. Who was that. gentleman with a Vandyke beard, Irma, in Mr. Densmore's box at the Albert Hall ? " Irina opened her great blue eyes in wide surprise. "Were you there, Rachel? "Yes, I was in the next box. I could have pinched your plump shoulder had I been so disposed. ' "I do wish you had. I should have climbed over. What fun\ it would have been. . How fashionable you are getting, Rachel. Did you wear diamonds ? " "No," I replied, laughing, I did mt. I wore clothes. But you haven't anawered my question.," "Oh, it was a Mr. Ward. Mr. Densmore says he is very clever and writes, and has bought a paper or magazine or somethin;. He is delight- fully handsome, but he wouldn't, notice me, stupid man, even though I wore my lovely necklace. You were good to give me that, Rachel. "I was very wicked," I replied. "Why?" "Because 1 ought to feed and clothe tfie poor instead of hanging pretty stones round your silly little person." With a swift twist she was on her knees, and before' knew what she was about had taken out all my hair-pins. "There!" she exclaimed, as she tossed my hair all over me like a veil, "that is your punish- ment." • "You mischievous • little monkey," I exclaimed, laughing, as I scrambled out of her reach, and quickly coiled toy hair up again. "But, Rachel," said Irma, standing up and looking very thoughtful, as she pushed the logs with her small boot, sending showers of sparks flying upwards, "it is good for some people to be without food and clothes; it is part of their education. " I could not help laughing; it was like a child talking about "slumping." She came and shook me petulantly. That is always the way,," she said, "when I want to talk seriously, everyone laughs at me. But /can think and have opinions, just as well as otl er people, and I am sure we ought not to interfere with each other's lives So much. Perhaps God sent •some people here to be hungry to punish them, or to :teach them something, and we ought not tc interfere any more than you would interfere between tee and papa if he chose to puniSh me." "Oh, but I should interfere and push sweeties to you under the door," I said. "You would be acting very wrongly, Rachel; and I: think we very often prevent people from learning the lesson they came here to learn." "Then it is very wrong to give diamonds to people who came here to _learn to live without them. Is not that so, Irma?" Irma gazed at me a mament as if about. to tepl,r, • and then exclaimed pettishly: "Oh, I give it all up. Everything goes in ea d- less circles, and everything proves something else, and—let us go and have tea with Mrs. Pike, Rachel, do. She will Make us such buttered toast as will teach us lessons at every mouthful." And, putting her arm through mine, she hurried me down the long corridor towards the house- keeper's room. I appeared to yield to her 'to gain my own ends, lett I was far too' anxious about what was going on in my lady's studio to sit .and eat buttered toast with Miss Irma and Mrs. Pike. Moreover, there would be tea to pour out for the visitors, and I might be needed. So, when we reached the housekeeper's door I let Miss Irma pass in first, and, leaving her to believe that I was following her,l fled fleetly up the back staircase, and gained the studio thrwigh my lady's bedroom. I found an interested group gathered in the big hay window. Lady 'lsabella and Mrs. Ashton were seated on the great wide couch that usually stood in or near that window. Mr. Densmore was in an arm-chair close in front of them, whilst Mr. Gerald leant over the head of the couch near his mother, who held the miniature brooch in her hand. One and all looked puzzled and excited.

As I slipped noiselessly into the room Lady Isabella glanced up and called to me. "Do come here, Rachel," she exclaimed. "These diamonds are bewitched. We are all puzzled beyond expression." I was too nervous and uneasy to say anything; but I crossed the room and stood beside Mr. Dens- more's chair. He rose and offered it to me, but I preferred to stand, and he knelt with one knee upon it bending closely and critically over that everlasting tiara. "Look,. Rachel," said my lady. holding out the brooch to me. "Do you remember the evening Gerald brought the diamonds home, that we all admired the skill with which the artist had repro- duced his fox-head scarf-nin ? Look at that." I took the brooch and gazed at the miniature closely. For a moment or two I could see nothing, my eyes were dizzy with apprehension. As they cleared Mr. Gerald's face and eyes stood out vivid and distinct within their circle of brilliants. But there was no fox-head scarf-pin in his cravat, no pin at all that I could discern; nothing noticeable, at any rate. Yet, I well remebered our admiring the painting of the tiny fox-head on the scarf-pm. Of course, I under- stood at once that the artist who had copied the portrait for me in such hot haste had failed to put in this small detail. But what could I say? My hands shook with nervousness; it was as much as I could do to prevent may teeth from chattering audibly. Mrs. Ashten came to my rescue. "We are frightening Alps Howard horribly." she exclaimed, in a good-imtured motherly tone. "There mutt be some explanation of such a curious matter." "I am sure I do not know the explanation," said Lady Isabella. "You remember our noticing the fox-head, Rachel, do you not?" '.'Perfectly," I replied, still gazing intently at the brooch. "Well, it is not there." "No it is not here, certainly,", I replied, speaking slowly and thoughtfully, for I was trying to find a wav out of this fresh net. "And Mr: Densmore does not believe ,that these diamondi are the same as the ones I shewed him before," said Lady Isabella, laughing somewhat Sarcastically. "Nay, I hardly went so far as that," exclaimed Mr. Densmore. "I said they puzzled me; and I should not have mentioned the fact that I was puzzled but for your discovering the absence of the scarf-pin. These diamonds are undoubtedly real and valuable gems ; the others I was strongly of Opinion were paste." I "But there are no 'others,' Mr. Densmore," exclaimed Lady Isabella. "I have only these." "Then how about the scarf-pin ? " asked Mr. Densmore. As he spoke I looked up to hand the brooch back to Lady Isabella, who sat with the case belonging to it lying open on her lap. As I did so I noticed Mr. Gerald, who not spoken a word since I entered the room. He was watching me intently. For two or three seconds we gazed at each other, and then I turned away to dispense tea. But I knew from that blief gaze that he had discovered my secret or, at least, that he suspected it. • Would it have been better never to have meddled at 11? I could not say. I turned it over in may mi-d, throughout the night, waking and sleeping, b, •i- when the morning came I still could not say. Our sters here must always be taken in the dark. We are like children learning to walk, stumbling at every step. _ _ _ •

(To be concluded.)

===== 0002601_19030102_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

NEW LICENSING ACT.

How it Will Work.

Under the new Licensing Act, which came into force on New Year's Day, a simple drunk, whether in a public- house or not, can be arrested,so that the inebriates who may be seen lurching about the streets on a Saturday night, and in all the great cities, will in future be run in by the police. Another salutary provision of the new Act directs that drunkards in charge of children under seven years of age. or who "appear" to be under seven, may be arrested and fined forty shillings, or one month's imprisonment. The simple " drunk," whether incapable or not, found in the streets can not only be fined, but bound over not to be drunk in public again for over 12 months.

Another provision deals with habitual, as distin- guished from casual, inebriates. It does justice to the husband as well as to the wife. Hitherto the woman alone could get judicially separated from her husband If he was a dipsomaniac, and he was bound to keep her and the children; the husband could not get a separa- tion from his wife, however gross her misconduct might be. Under the new Licensing Act the husband will no longer be legally liable to cohabit with his wife, though he will have to contribute towards the keep of herself and children. It will be enough to prove that one or other is the victim of drink to obtain relief from the burden of life in common. Further, the offender with his or her consent, may be sent to, and detained in, an Inebriates' Home until cured.

All publicans throughout the country, are more especi- ally perturbed by the new responsibilities which the Act imposes on them towards. their customers. They will not be allowed in future to sell drink to habitual drunk- ards, for a space of three years; or if they do the publican may be fined £lO the first time and £2O for subsequent offences • and the habitual drunkard who gets liquor within three years of his conviction, or even attempts to get it, may be fined 205., the first time, and 40s. afterwards. Alders and abettors in the commission of the offence are liable to a fine of 405., or a month's hard labour. The licensing justices will begin to enforce the Act at the ensuing licensing sessions in February, instead of August, as hitherto, and they have ample powers to enforce it. They will have their own black list of the offending publicans, and they have "free and" unquali- fied discretion" with certain exceptions, to refuse or renew a licence. In future, by the way, no conviction will be recorded on the licence; a record will be kept by the justices' clerk, and he will informthe magistrates of it at the proper time, as also the owner of the premises. Failure to comply with any order of the magistrates,entails on the landlord a daily penalty of 20s. until he obeys. The Act also applies for the first time to clubs in which intoxicants are sold, and requires the secretary of each club to keep a register of the members, and to furnish full particulars to the justices' clerk as may be required. The police are to assist publicans in the identification of habitual drunkards, for which purpose the publicans are to be notified of each conviction of such inebriates, but it will also be necessary for the publicans them- selves to keep a " black list" of their own, and a valu- able means of identification will no doubt be photo- graphs of the inebriates, which will be furnished by the police, along with the reCord of the convictions.

Is wonderful water proofer for- :F. 7; BOOTS & HA/INESS. Sof- , ,>. .. ' _ 61,4„.....,-, .c. tens and preserves the leather ',..ir,_, • Pkasant odour allow penal- lag with blacking. GOV) MEDAL 22 EXIIIIIITIO,I HIGHEST AWARDS. 7 * ,bca . Tins 2d.. 6d., 1/- 6.2'6 of sea ifflZakc.ez, .Snaideud zrrvs, Easlrrnmuoixcer

Woman

d should know ,nderful

_2,nt0.4.) Dept. 143, 11, Queen Victoria Street. London, E C

,-.PlOldasTEEte. , PILL for adies.

A IItRNCH REMEDY kiCIPERSEDIT,G MITER APPLE. PIL COCHIAC, PENNYROYAL, Ac. Price tie. 6d. post free. Obtainabletottly 'from f't MARTIN, k iUEMISI. k-",(11.7T11 A M PION

-.:4: • ti LI , 4:15 Every is interested an. ~•:•i::..;;I:k. % about tlae wonder', 7,"1/4 ~"..4;62itIviA7RVESLpRAIIV it ittliu \ '.':',1;:,,,...=,!- /,0 /,,,,4, /ft / ,/// . Ask your Chemist for ~ --, <Ctilt It. If he cannot supply the Blanrel accept no other . but send stamp for bookgivit?g full particulars and direction invaluable to ladies. MARVEL CO., ;Pate-

===== 0002601_19030102_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
17/0 timrTawlrOja -HAVE

HAVE YOU A BB LEG

With Wounds that disobey ge or othervrise. Pern,-vs surrounded with inflammation and swollen.that when, you press yeur finger on the inflamed part it leaves, the impression? If so, under the skin you have poi,ou that defies all the remedies you have tried,, which,.if not extracted, you never can recover, but co• on suffering WC -death releases you. Perhaps your knees are ss.ollen, the joints being ulcerated. the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; the disease, it aDowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to, walk. You may have attended various hospitals and had modical advice and. been toldyouncase is hopeless,. or advised to.submit to amputation; but do-not, fort r can cure yob. I don't say perhaps. but I will. Because. others have failed, It is no irmsen I should. Send at once a Postal Order for its. 6d. to R. W. ALBERT, 73., Farringdon-street. Lomton, and'you will receive a box of Oa as:damper Ointment and PAL% which is acertain remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Knee. .ated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned tianda, and ions. ir.egisteredOopyright.i

===== 0002601_19030102_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
IHE ctb I FAMILY MEDICINE.

KAY EIS WORSDELI. S PILLS Area certin cure f .r Indigestion, Biliousness, Head-he Dyspepsia, CAwstipitio“, river aril Kidney tlernplaints, a; Fot Ladies of all ekes they are invaluable. • Of all Clienfists, ls it& 2s 91, on.d 4s 6d per box, or free on receipt of stampsto Dtpilt, 14, Wb.ita Lion-etre

Norwich.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
" I •

===== 0002601_19030102_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY UNION.

THE LEAGUE.---FIRST DIVISION.

WARRINGTON v. HUDDERSFIELD.

Warrington made another journey into Yorkshire on Saturday, the engagement for the day being with Huddersfield on the Fartown ground. The weather was all that could be desired and 6,000 *psople witnessed the match. Both sides were represented by their selected teams and under the direction of Mr. J. Priestley they turned out as follows :

Warrington—Hallam, back; Fish, Isherwood, Dicken- son, and Edmonds, three-quarter backs; Burgess and Hockenhall, half backs ; Boardman, Morrison, Taylor, Roberts, Harmer, Edmondson, Naylor, and Coleman, forwards.

Huddersfield—Rea.dyhough, back; Deere, W. Dew- hirst, Larard, and Kitchen, three-quarter backs; F. Dewhirst and P. Holroyd, half backs; F. H. Chambers, Driver, Littlewood, Furness, Knight, Hirst, Poole, and Naylor, forwards. Warrington won the toss, and Chambers kicked off. Fish replied, and Kitchen got away nicely from a pass of Larard's. Isherwood replied with a fine run into the home half but he was not backed up. Individual play by the brothers Dewhirst gave the home team an ad- vantage, and the Huddersfield forwards dribbled over the line in a body, but the ball went dead. A grand passing bout by the home backs put the ball into the hands of Deere, who ran to the line and re-passed to W. Dewhirst. The pass was, however, intercepted by Dickenson, who ran well to the centre. Faulty pass- ing by the home backs lost them chances, until Larard passed to W. Dewhirst, who gave a grand pass to Deere, who romped over at the corner. Readyhough made a good attemptat goal. The home team played well on resuming, and a mull by Hallam almost led the Far- towners in. From a scrummage under the Warrington posts F. Dewhirst dropped at goal, but the ball went wide. Half-time score :—Huddersfield 1 try (3 points), Warrington, nil. On changing ends quick following uplay the Warring- ton forwards prevented any return. Even play followed at the centre, and then F. Dewhirst got hold from the pack and passed to Larard. The latter dodged and passed to W. Dewhirst. who again made another open- ing for Deere, and beating all opposition, he planted the ball behind the posts, and Holroyd kicked a goal. Fish had a free kick, and put War- rington on the offensive. They tried hard to score, but seemed unable to do the right thing. Dickenson and Isherwood kicked well. Fish handed forward when he had had a chance, and the game was stopped for injuries to Taylor who had to retire. A passing movement by the Warrington backs gave Edmonds the ball. He ran smartly and kicked across, and Roberts scored under the posts for Fish to kick a goal. Result :—Huddersfleld 1 goal, 2 tries (8 points). Warrington I goal, 1 try (5 points).

===== 0002601_19030102_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
WIGAN v. RUNCORN.

Played at Central Park, Wigan, before 8,000 spectators. In the opening half Runcorn had the advantage, and a smart passing movement, in which all the three-quarters participated, ended in Moran crossing at the corner. Subsequently Wigan did most of the pressing, Barr and Roust, making several attempts to penetrate the Run- corn defence, but the interval was reached with the visitors in front by a try to nil. In the second half the home team had the best of the argument, Rouse and Barr being particularly prominent, whilst Beesley was grassed beneath the cross-bar, the try being disallowed. Maintaining the pressure, Wig an were awarded a penalty, from which Rothwell landed a goal. Result :—Runoorn 1 try (3 points), Wigan 1 goal (2 points). Teams : Wigan.—Macauley, back; Barr, Duffy, Mason, and Rouse three-quarter backs; Anderson and Rothwell, half-backs; Hilton Collier, Brown, Beesley, Halliwell, Ball, Hatton, and Barton, forwards. Runcorn.—Houghton, back; Moran, Butterworth, Price and Dutton, three-quarter backs; Jolley and Richardson, half-backs; Farmer, Walker, Lightfoot, Gayter, W. Houghton, Woods, and Higgins, forwards.

Referee, Mr.W.McCutcheon, Oldham, Touch judges, Messrs. T. Barnes, Warrington, and J. Edwards, St. Helens.

WIDNES V. ST. HELENS.

Played at Widnes, before about 3,000 spectators. Thei opening exchanges were very even, and for a time the play was uninteresting. The only smart piece of pass- ing that was executed by the home side ended inn score. Lally got possession, and passed to Taylor, who after a short tricky run transferred to Hughes, and he scored at the corner flag. Tilley failed at goal. Half-time score :—Widnes 1 try (3 points), St. Helens nil. On commencing the second half, St. Helens played with remarkable dash. The forwards got possession, and the backs attempted several passing movements, but they lacked finish, and the danger which had threatened the Widnes line was removed by a penalty kick. Peacock was given several opportunities but each time he was pushed into touch. Just before lime Alf Taylor picked up smartly from a scrummage near the line and scrambled over. Tilley kicked a goal. Result :—Widnes 1 goal and 2 tries (8 points), St, Helens nil. Teams:— Widnes—Tilley, back; Peacock, Bown, Rispan and Hughes, three-quarter backs; Lally and Taylor, half backs; Aspev, Power, Riley, Webster, Lynch, Leyshon, Turner, aid Oockram, forwards. St. Helens—Foulkes, back; Cleavy, Appleton, Hal- stead. and Liversedge, three-quarter backs; Hall and Banks, half backs; Briers, Green, Carney, Lea, Mawson, Whitley, Thompson, and Mooney, forwards. Referee, Mr. E. Smirk. Preston. Touch judges, Messrs. Elliott, Birkenhead,und Robinson, Runcorn. HUNSLET v. BATLEY.

There was another large attendance to witness the third of Hunslet's holiday programme of matches, and a close and keen game was seen, in which there was very little to choose between the teams. The wind was so variable that little advantage was gained by winning the toss. The principle incidents of the opening half were a shot at goal by the home captain which only narrowly missed its mark, a clever dribble by Davies in which he only missed a try by an accident, and a very flne bit of concerted play by Oakland and Davie W which led to a splendid try. No points were scored in the second try. Batley therefore won the game by 1 try (5 points) to Hunslet nil. BRADFORD v. BRIGHOUSE RANGERS._

Plai-ed-iii-13a—rk.Avenue before 5,000 spectators. Hart- ley made a mull from a kick by Pollard, and the latter regaining possession had no difficulty in scoring a try, Eagers failing at goal. Later Murgatroyd gave Sut- cliffe an opening from which the latter scored, Hartley

===== 0002601_19030102_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
Try Fels-Naptha

soap for next washing, 2id a bar. Your grocer returns your money if you don't like it. This means that. Fels-Naptha is better than any other ; so much better that nobody wants any other after using it. FELS•NAPTHA 39 Wilson Street London EC

===== 0002601_19030102_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
_ _ - - • . " ' ,s;

mmgAt%z=m;=4-z-

EVENTS OF THE WEEK.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEADING CHARACTERS I

THE HUMBERT CASE.

The story of Mme. Humbert, the leading light in the sensational French frauds for which she and her family have been arrested, is one of the most amazing records in the annals of criminal life. She was the daughter of a tradesman at Toulouse, and at the age of thirteen began her life of crime by forging her father's name to a cheque for the purpose of buying finery and bon-bons. At the age of eighteen, she entered a milliner's shop as an assistant, and it was during this time that she made the acquaintance of Frederic Humbert, son of the Minister of Justice. Infatuated by the girl,. 'Frederic Humbert married her. Not long after her marriage, she began to evolve the scheme which has to-day startled the whole world. She conceived the idea of borrowing money on novel security. Her story is that, twenty-four years ago. as she was getting into a train at Nice, she suddenly saw a man fall down in an apopletic fit. She assisted him, and saved his life. On September 6, 1877, according to Mme. Humbert's story, this man, ,Robert Crawford, made his will, and gave her

. , . , . • --

THE HOUSE IN THE CALLE FERRAZ, MADRID, WHERE THE FUGITIVES WERE ARRESTED. bofery penny he had in the world, amounting to £4,000,000. On the strength of this imaginary will of an American millionaire who never existed, Madame began to borrow money. Madame also invented two brothers of the supposed Crawford, who for the last twenty yew, have been in litiga- tion concerning the will. Financiers willingly lent her money, for were they u,, lending to Mme. .Humbert, who would be fah alou y rich when the lawsuit with the Crawfords wa:s closad ? She woald invite any reluctant banker to dinner. Here he would be introduced to Cabinet Ministers, judges, and high state officials. As a rule the bait was taken. In addition to defrauding people in this way of about £.2,000,000, she ran an insurance and savings bank. This was managed by her brother Romain d'Aurignac. The bank was largely ptronised by the clergy, and by means of giving £l,OOO to "Peter's Pence," Madame received from the Pope a blessing on the undertaking. Of course, when the crash came the bank went into liquida- tion. Ten of her victims have committed suicide.

SENSATIONAL HUMBERT CASE. Jecorne se closely associated with his capital of Weimar. The son of Duke Charles Edward died in 1894, leaving his son the Grand Duke William Ernest heir to the wealth of the Saxe-Weimar family and principality. The latter was born in 1876, and, like all German princes is naturally a soldier, being a Colonel of the Prussian Guards and holding numerous other honorary colonelcies. By the way, another member of the house of Reuss is already unitqd to the house of Saxe-Weimar in Prince Henry VII. the noted diplomatist who signed the first treaty of the Triple Alliance on behalf of Germany, who is married to the present Grand Duke's aunt, the Princess Marie of Saxe-Weimar. The present match has given general satisfaction on every side, socially and politically, except in the case of the mothers of certain eligible princesses considerably older than the chosen bride.

. ) p ......„..„,..., , ~. 4,, ...i.„.,, ,_ , ( -41_._„___ -..-v.-4, .. ~. ._,-...,_. Si t '.7f .IF- V 4' 1F.,„ , IN --,-- • - I - 1 ( i *, . . --43 f; czy, ~. ~... „.010,...._ 6-7* rk ; ,7 Chr-' . '*':''''' _ - it' • K ,i . . ' -......,. •, _ , -....... A 7 ' ---,--1...., 1 ~. .( . a : ....- G 47,,b • e ,h.,p-,.. td,.. .leum .e....)-. _...). . _AiumEsEo 0--- :... rr- ' ' ~.......„ ' '• -'' • ' 5,),Y11 . ...i ....„.., ;... --...., , ~ , • Z 7( _ . • •aw', 7. '-`77---\' , 4.. 1 ..., .-- ...di. .. .... , , - - 111 410 L' Z %'. flie 0 4 SPI/4 ' • '''. ' " 098E05 ' ."."1"---..-1-- Al 4 Gt'Os ~,.„,.._,... 0 %um(' .0.-.. - , N THE

===== 0002601_19030102_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
A.: MILITARY NOVELIST.

Swords are someti es turned ito ploughshares, ,but not often into pens, unless it be to give an account of a campaign; and amongst our soldiers we number very few novelists of any note. There- fore, it makes it all the more interesting when one of the principal successes of the Christmas book season originates from a British officer, who wrote it on the veldt, when on active service in South .Africa. Major Woodgate, the officer in question, was out at the front for two years with the .South Wales Borderers and saw a lot of service in the field under Genie. Methuen, Barton, French, Knox and others, chasing De Wet and De La Rey all over the Transvaal an d Orange River Colony. It was (luring his spare time, odd half houni under dis- advantageous cir- cumstances, that he wrote "Tie Unwritten Com- mandment" (Messrs Litnpus 'THOR OF M"UN."RIWTTF:N and Baker) OMANDMENT

• n scraps of paper The book itself has nothing whatever to do with the veldt or the arts of war, but deals with the wiles of peace and the ways of the 'smart set," and is a trenchant and true picture of an extraordinary state of actually existing affairs. The moral of the book and of modern society is : "Thou shalt not be found out," and Major Wood- gate drives it well home in a dramatic tale, full of incident, lightly and brightly written. Many of the characters themselves are plainly recognisable through a thin disguise; and this adds a piquancy to the whole book, which is arousing considerable interest in bocial circles, and is being widely read outside them. Some of the character - sketching is excellent, while the dramatic sense of the author is vex.) keenly marked in all his situations. It is his first book, and will certainly be followed by others. Major Woodgate, in addition to being a soldier and a novelist, is an inventor and a "strong man."

- ! • , pz, rd; MAJOR WOODGATR, LII

===== 0002601_19030102_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
A GRAND DUCAL ENGAGEMENT.

Next to heirs apparent or presumptive to the thrones of the various big Powers, there is no more important parti in. Europe than the immensely wealthy young Grand Duke William Ernest of Saxe-Weimar, whose engagenunt to one or another of the eligible princesses has been eonsiantly .rumoured. One or two of our English Royalties

GRAND DUKE WILLJA:m PRINCE6S CAIMAINE. have been coupled with him by report; but now i that his betrothal s definitely announced it will be seen that his choice has fallen upon a 'princess from his own native land. This yonng lady is the 'Princess Carolina Elizabeth lila of Renss, the third daughter of Prince Henry. XX who is IV. of Reuss, •of the senior branch of ibi s old house. The Princess Caroline herself is sweetly pret tY, a ..31ond in complexion (to u-e an expressive term in her native tongue) and only ninmtecn years of age. It is, incontrast to many royal matches, a love- -match, and has given the utmost satisfaction in the princess's native town of Buckeburg, where she is universally beloved from the highest to the lowest. The prospective bridegroom is the grandson of the Grand Duke Charles Alexander. who died last year, and will always be remembered for his munificent patronage of literature and art, which have now

--"7-7,4„ 7•`:!' :- ;I— - • 4,...:\ N.V.?::"-:::;.,!-;-,:liNI • —",,i,r— 4'.z4-i'A.,51,2,1 ....,:if,--; ..,.••••,:zt,.. .4.1 s, • tt'''''''' *-,-. --i) • ,_ -IVE: (...... _Tr `• - 1 .- 'e.'ESS ('

===== 0002601_19030102_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SAXONY ELOPEMENT.

Saxony, and with it Austria, is convulsed by one of the most extraordinary scandals that ever befel a Court; and at the moment, so great is the feeling on the subject, that the Court at Dresden has been temporarily dissolved. The cause of this trouble is a double Royal Elopement, of which the more im- portant is that of the Crown Princess of Saxony herself, who has run away with M. Giron, the French tutor of her children, leaving the Palace at Salzburg secretly and without warning. She was accom- 'ponied in her flight by her brother, the Archduke Leopold, who is the only member of her family in sympathy with her, and together they made their way to Geneva, being joined en route by Giron and Madamoiselle Adamovic, a famous beauty, who has completely enslaved the Archduke. The party put up at the Hotel d'Angleterre, from which they have been carrying on futile negotiations with their various relatives, living in the strictest seclusion— the Crown Princess calling herself Friiulein von Oben, the Archduke taking the name of Buriano, and Giron that of Brussels. What the upshot of this extraordinary situation will be is not yet altogether clear, but it is certain that the Royal House of Saxony will refuse to receive the erring Crown Princess back, should she ever consent on ham side to return, and will endeavour to obtain an

THZ CROWN PRINCESS OF SAX, HUSBAND. annulment of the marriage from the Pope, while her family show no signs of sympathy with her. Ever since she arrived in Saxony as a bride, the Crown Princess has been out of sympathy with the ,whole Court and her surroundings, especially with the King himself. She was inclined to be unconventional and artistic, two things regarded with horror by her father-in-law, as beneath the established dignity of a future Queen; while with her husband she never hit it off owing to his lax ideas of morality. Several times their quarrels have been temporarily compromised, but at last the Crown Princess has taken the bull by the horns and settled the matter finally by an unpardonable indiscretion. The Archduke Leopold, who was in love with the Donna Elvira, Don Carlos's daughter, but not allowed to marry her for political reasons, has for many years been unconventional to the verge of eccentricity, and his decision to renounce his rank and wealth and wed out of his station muses little surprise, though considerable dissatis, faction to his relatives. Altogether, it is a most unusual and extraordinary social impasse.

7 , ,e."*. ....; •••••••.----"Ir---- ~.„*. \ L'"--- 1 .. , i ,'4.i.'' .7,,i; .v .7:` ,'"'''• ,-1 / . , \ \ ' \ (.;.1::)-) • / ...*::' 1,11,p- -./.' A 1 \ / 1 _ . -..- . ONY AND H

===== 0002601_19030102_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE ARCHBISHOP.

The late Dr. Temple may have had his critics aa to his theological and political opinions, but no one can say that he was not universally admired as a man. Without doubt, Dr. Temple was one of the most vigorous, original, and capable of personali- ties of this or any other period in the history of the

CANTERBURY.

Church. There was a certain masterful arrogance about him, very apt at times to wound and offend, and the firmly-cut face and even his broad West Country accent combined with this to give an impression of rather a hard-grained nature. But those who knew him most intimately knew that a brusque manner and a rather formidable exterior disguised to the casual acquaintance a real nature that could be very sweet and lovable, and that presented many high and estimable featbres of character. Frederick Temple was the son of Major Octavius Temple, who was Governor of Sierra Leone. and who fell a victim to the deadly climate of that white man's grave." His mother was a Miss Carveth, a Cornish lady. The son Was born at Santa Manru, in the lonian Islands, on the 30th of November, 1821. At the working- men's meet- ing of the Church Congress held in Nottingham in September, 1897—after Dr. Temple had .become Archbishop—he gave an extremely interesting account of his early days. Ever since his early childhood, he told his working-class audience, he had felt most sympathy with men who worked with their bodies rather than with their brains. "My father," he said, "was a working man—a soldier who at his death was Governor of a Colony; but my father died when I was thirteen, and I have had to make nik living since I was seventeen. I have known what it is to do without fire because I could not afford it, and to wear patched clothes and boots." The Archbishop told his audience that he had learned to plough as straight a furrow ea any man in the parish, and he could thresh as well as any man. The funeral took place is Canterbury Vathedral on Saturday at noon

----- ---- (I C(A ' (...._ 11 I**9Att,

THE LATE DR. TEMPLE, ARCHBISHOP OF

===== 0002601_19030102_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, January 2, 1903.

MARRIED FOLK WHO LOOK ALIKE.

Scientific; observers state that people who live for ; many years in each other's society gradually come to I resemble each other in face and expression. This is ' particularly the case with married couples' and probably , some of our readers have noticed cases where this like- ness is remarkable. I The" Sunderland Post" prints an interview with a married couple, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Everest, whose portraits exhibit a likeness of this kind. And their

Note the marked reseniblon,ce

'se two faces.

opinions and experiences carry the resemblance still further. Each of this couple has experienced illness, and both attribute their present excellent health to Dr. Williams pink pills for pale people. Speaking in their neat home at 5, North Back Railway-street, Sea- ham Harbour, Mr. Everest said: "For ten years I was troubled with a very bad dry cough with asthma. Some five or six years ago,l when I had symptoms of inflamma- tion of the lungs, bought a box of Dr. Williams' pink pills, and lam thankful I did,for as soon as I had taken , one box I found decided relief from all my ailments. I continued to take the pills, and, except for an occasional cough, my health is now sound. Dr. Williams' pink pills have cured the asthma and the painful dry throat from which I suffered. I have tried many other medi- cines, without relief. "My wife too, has gained wonderful benefit from them. She was troubled with palpitation of the heart., and for years had dropsy in her legs, which were marked with large black veins. Her circulation was so defec- tive that she always felt cold. She used Dr. Williams' pink pills, with the result that she is no longer troubled with varicose veins, her body maintains its proper heat, ' and her blood is in good order. •"rhe doctors said they could do her no good, and that if the veins broke my wife would bleed to death. I have given dozens of Dr. Williams' pink pills away to people to whom ordinary medicine did no good, and in all cases they have cured them." Men and women alike praise these pills for the cure of chest ailments, and for paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism, kidney disease, impoverished blood, rickets consumption, anwmia, weakness, palpitations, and pain in the back. These pills are a tonic not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, and are sold by chemists, and •by Dr. Williams' medicine company, Holborn-viaduct, London, at two and ninepence a box.

being unable to kick the goal. At the change of ends the teams had scored a try each. In the second half Bradford did the bulk of the pressing. Passing ensued between Murgatroyd, Eagers. and Sinton, as a result of which the latter scored a try, from which Eagers kicked the goal. There were spells of effective work by the Brighouse backs, but Bradford had their measure, and Dunbavin scored a try which was not improved on. Result :—Bradford, 1 goal and 3 tries (11 points), Brig- house 1 try (3 points). BROUGHTON RANGERS v. HALIFAX.

The meeting of these clubs at Broughton attracted quite 15,000 spectators. From the start it was very evident that the visitors' forwards were the best of the two packs, and the Rangers' defence had a very warm time. The visitors had all the play, and the Rangers were never dangerous until just on half-time, which ar- rived with nothing scored. A sensational re-start was made. Halifax pressed immediately, but from a pack, well in the home "25" S. James got the ball, and sharp, short passing between W. James, Barrett, and Wilson resulted in Hogg getting the ball. The last- named ran finely half the length of the field, when he punted across, and Scott, though hampered by Rigg and Williams, dribbled over and scored near the posts. W. James placed a goal. However, the Halifax forwards reasserted themselves, but thanks to Wilson they were forced back, and Little had to kick dead. In the closing , stages Halifax made a last great effort to score. The I home defence, however, was solid, and time arrived, leaving the home side winners of a great game, which Halifax were exceedingly unlucky to lose. Result :-1 Broughton Bangers 1 goal and 1 try (5 points) ; Halifax nil.

' • . dre 11, N 114. ?.C' •••1' , ,•• t. • , ' ; ii..i,v,,..• „,....... ..„,z. , ry )744, z,,,,. .0.- _ #,_. II ii.i. ''' ,'--- ~-.4,----- itv..: ~ • -;/ , -;' -i- ..--. A • 7-- - -\K- .... .- .. A\ , V 4, ' 1,,•-• if •*\. ...dlr.'. 0) i. , ..., 'c- of the

===== 0002601_19030102_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S OPERA. "The Enchanted Island" at Cairo Street Schools.

Short but very_ enjoyable was the children's opera "The Enchanted Island," which was presented in Cairo-, street schools on Saturday evening before a large audience. The entertainment had been promoted with the object of augmenting the school funds, and it was upon Miss Edith Birchall that the task of training the youthful performers devolved. To say that the enter- tainment reflected the greatest credit upon the children and their instructress is only to express what appeared to be the unanimous opinion of the audience, who fre- quently showed their appreciation by warm applause. As the title would lead one to expect, the scene of the opera is laid in a beautiful enchanted island, obscured from the gaze of mortals by mists, and inhabited only by fairies. Should the foot of mortal touch the island, all enchantment ceases,and it is there- fore with consternation that the fairies hear from Pixie "the spirit of mischief "that she has carried a sailor boy, whom she found sleeping upon a ship beyond the mists, from the deck to the island. While the fairies are expressing their dismay, Jacky, the little sailor approaches, and the fairies vanish. Shortly afterwards they re-appear and join in a dance before the bewildered boy who had been wondering whether he had been cast 'on a cannibal island. The fairies entreat him to "stay with them "but he has a yearning for home. Suddenly it is discovered that the enchanted mists have vanished and that ships of various nations are approaching the I shore. Amongst these Jacky joyfully recognises his good ship " Nancy Jane." To console the frightened fairies, Jacky proudly produces a small Union Jack assuring them that his country's flag will afford them a better protection than that hitherto afforded by the mists. A farewell song by the fairies, a promise from Jacky to come again, and the opera closes. The characters. were sustained by the following : Zephyr, fairy of the winds, Lizzie Mellor; Attendants, Jeannie Rudd, Lizzie Pemberton, Sam Hayes, Walter Rathmil; Flora, fairy of the woods and flowers, Elsie Johnstone; Attendants, Dora Johnstone, Florrie Spencer, Marie Williams; 'Nymph, fairy of the waves, Christina Pemberton; Attendants, Phcebe Pemberton, Eddie Hill, Joe Mellor, Willie White; Pixie, spirit of mis- chief, Jeannie Mellor; Jacky, a sailor boy, Bobbie Mellor The voices of the children blended very sweetly in a number of choruses, and several solos were given with good effect. Pretty dances were gracefully executed, and from beginning to end the entertainment passed off without the slightest hitch. The scenery which ha been supplied by Mr. E. J. Gerrard, was very effective and the manipulation of the limelight by Mr. J. S. Hil gwe a beautiful finishing touch to the charming spec-1 tacle. During the intervals songs were rendered by Miss Pemberton, and Mrs. Arthur Booth and Miss Hasel- den contributed a violin solo. The orchestral music was supplied by Miss E Birchen, the Misses Birtles, and Miss Haselden.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
WORST " ISM " OF ALL.

"What keeps our friend Farmer Bramble from worship to-day?" anxiously inquired a vigilant minister of one of his deacons. "Four Sundays have passed since Isaw him omongst us. I hope and trust it is not socinianism that keeps him away." "No, sir," replied the deacon, "it is something worse than that." "Worse than socinianism. You surely are not going to tell me it is deism!" "No, sir; it is something worse than that." "Worse than deism! You alarm me! It surely cannot be atheism." "No, sir; it is something worse than that." "Worse than atheism? Impossible! Nothing can be worse than atheisnri " "Yes it is, sir; it's rheumatism!"

..... The deacon was wrong, of course ; but there is much excuse for 14 in holding such an opinion. To the victim of rheumatism it seems as if no greater evil could possibly beftill him than the agony under which he shrinks and writhes. "Two years ago," writes Mrs. Amelia Coad, of 64, Reidhaven Road. Plumstead, on 26th November, 1902, "I first. became afflicted with rheumatism. Although at that time a strong woman, the suffering I endured soon reduced me to a shadow of my former self. For months I experiencedacute pains,as though my legs find arms were constantly being lacerated. At other times my wrists and ankles felt as though they were sprained • my knees and elbows swelled, and my legs, became almost useless, so that I had the greatest difficulty in hobbling about, and could only walk across the room by taking hold of a chair or table, or whatever else might be near at hand. Tortured with painj found it impossible to sleep at night, but la v awake thinking of my young family to whose wants I was unable to attend. In addition to all this, my appetite a1m052 vanished,l became so thoroughly run down that I spend most of my time crying. It was while I was in thislmiserable state that a friend of mine advised me to try Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. That was fortunate advice for me, for I derivet much benefit from the very first bottle. The dreadful rheumatic pains became lesa intense, my appetite gradually increased; and as I continued to persevere' with the medicine the swelling in my knees and elbows subsided and power returned to my limbs, until I was able to go about my work and attend to domestic duties as well as ever. Qccasionally I feel a touch of rheumatism; but Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup never fails to relieve it. It has changed my life from one of. suffering to one of happiness.'

Tea and Entertainment. A tea party and entertainment promoted by the members of the Men's Bible Class connected with the Ellesmere-street Wesleyan Methodist Sunday School took place the other evening. Over 200 sat down to tea. Games were aftervirards indulged in and the entertainment followed. Mr. Jonathan Taylor occupied the chair. Mr. Howard, as leader of the Sunday morning Bible Class, spoke; and later on Mr. John Barlow; Wlio is teacher .of the class in the afternoon; also addressed the meeting. He had kindly- brought his gramaphone, and,,mtich to the delight and' pleasure of all present, gave several selections. Another feature in the entertainment, which caused roars of laughter, was the appearance of the male voice choir, under the leadership of Mr. Richard Scarisbrick. Mr. Whittaker sang" Ring the bell, Watchman," and the choir joined in the chorus. Other items were well rendered, all of which evoked hearty applause. During the evening Mr. R. Scarisbrick favoured the company withseyeral ventriloquial pc rforma nee s, which were well re (lived. The proceeds of the party will be added to the new chapel building fund.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
HULL v. SWINTON.

Played at Hull, before a crowd estimated at between 13,000 and 15,000 spectators. Swinton kicked off against the wind, and only a few minutes had 'elapsed before Lewis took the ball from some pretty passing among the Swinton backs. and planted it over the line in the corner despite the fact that he had a couple of Hull men hanging on to him. Preston failed to add the goal. Nothing further was done before half-time. After the interval the play was bright, interesting and exciting. Hull attacked with great vigour, and were rewarded when Prank, who was aided by Goddard, got the ball and made for the line in a fashion which seemed to take his opponents by surprise. He scored brilliantly near the posts, and Jacques added the goal, giving his team the lead by 5 points to 3. Swinton played with great determination after this reverse, and at one time they were extremely dangerous, but there was no further scoring, and the game ended in a victory for Hull by 1 goal, 1 try (5 points) to Swinton 1 try (3 points).

===== 0002601_19030102_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
SALFORD v. HULL KINGSTON ROVERS.

This match was played at Weaate, before 5,000 specta- tors. At the outsetkive-and-take play was the order. Just before the interval Norris snapped up a pass and scored at the corner. Lomas failed at goal. Half-time score :—Salford 1 try (3 points), Hull Kingston Rovers nil.—The Rovers had to act entirely on the defensive, and Lomas placed a goal from a mark by Preston. The last-named then obtained a brilliant try, Lomas adding the goal, whilst Heath scored an unimproved try, and Lomas placed another ggitl from a penalty kick. Result :—Salford, 4 goals -3 tries (17 points); Hull Kingston Rovers, nil.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
OLDHAM v. LEIGH.

Played at Watersheddings. before 8,000 spectators. Oldham losing the toss, Frater started, and early on Leigh attacked. Oldham eventually worked their way to Leigh's "25," and by a clever bit of play by the Old- ham half backs S. Lee scored a try. Ferguson failed at goal. Leigh took the game to the Oldham half, and Hinson, Johnson, and Bennett giving a smart passing exhibition saw the last named player tackled near the line. Oldham nearly registered a second try through 'S. Lees, but Hinson just managed to kick dead. Phil Thomas injured his shoulder, and had to retire. Result: —Oldham 1 try (3 points), Leigh nil.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCHES.

WARRINGTON "A" V. LATCHFORD RANG ERS'.— These teams met at the Wilderspool enclosure on Saturday, before a large gathering of spectators. The match proved to be very interesting. The "A " team had the best of matters in the opening stages, and play had not been in•progress long, before Brooks put on the finish- ing touch to a combined effort by Hunter and Duck- worth. Knightadded a goal, and subsequently kicked a second goal from a penalty. Latchford improved con- siderablyas the game proceeded, and after Bate had placed the Rangers in a favourable position, the ball was taken over and a try scored, but no goal was added. Half-time: Warrington "A," seven points. Latchford Rangers, three points. After the interval play was very brisk. Latchford pressed through judicious kicking, and Knight only partially clearing his lines, the Latchford custodian, Brown, dropped a splendid goal. Fins work by Hunter was the means of Warrington renewing the attack, and Brooks passed to Watkins, who scored near the corner. Play was pretty even after this, and at the finish Warrington had won by two goals two tries (ten points), to Latchford Rangers one goal one try (five points). RUNCORN FERTILIZ ei RS v. ItUNCOIN JUNIORS.— Played au Halton on Christmas Day. The Fertilizers won the toss, and Dean kicked off against the wind for the Juaiors. Sutton, of the Fertilizers got possession from a scrimmage, and passed to Woods, who dodged several opponents and scored, no goal resulting. A nice passing bout, by the Junior': backs ends(' in Jones being pushed into touch.- Half 'time : Fertilizers one try (three points); Juniors, nil. On restarting, Smith kicked off for the Fertilizers, no return temg made. Sutton got possession and broke away. He passed to Gleaves, who was pushed into touch. The Fertilizers pressed, when a free kick to the Juniors saved disaster. Final: Fertilizers, one try (three points) ; Juniors, nil.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

FRIENDLY MATCH.

TRANMERE ROVERS V. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.—The above clubs met at Prenton Park, Tranmere, on Satur- day afternoon under the auspices of the Combination. Half-time-,--Tranmere Rovers nil, Newton-le-Willows nil. This was the state of the game at the close.

FAIRFIELD V. ORFORD TANNERY.—On the ground of the former team on Boxing Day. Fairfield winning the toss, the Tannery kicked off, and at once visited the home quarters, but were sent back. Even play ruled for a short time, till Fairfield being awarded a penalty, scored. After a spell of mid-field play, the Tannery end was visited, and a second goal scored. Half-time: Fairfield, two goals; Orford Tannery nil. Restarting, the Tannery invaded the home goal, and after a pro- longed attack, scored. Soon after, the Tannery again attacked, and scored a second goal. Final : Fairfield, two goals ; Orford Tannery, two goals.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

EA.RLESTOWN V. ST. HELENS RECS.—Played at Earlestown on Saturday, before about 2,000 spectators. The home team won the toss, and Roberts started in the face of a strong wind. The start was sensational, as in the first minute tricky play by Barlow culminated in Leach defeating Lee with a good shot. Aided- by the wind the homesters practically monopolised the plity, and the Recs' defence was kept continually on the alert. Several times Lee experienced a little luck in effecting a clearance. Play had been in progress about twenty minutes before Hobin handled the leather, and. then a weak shot from King was easily got rid of. Twenty- five minutes after the commencement Lee made an awful muddle of a weak shot from Leach, attempting to fist the leather whilst it was rolling along the ground, and Stanton dashing up,easily put on the second point. The home forwards were playing in irresistible fashion, their combination being admirable, and Lee having all his work cut out in saving. At this point, Bartley, the home centre, was injured, and had to leave the field. A beautiful piece of work between Garrington and Stanton resulted in the latter heading the homesters' third goal. Half-time—Earlestown 3, St. Helens Recs. I. On the change of ends Batley resumed, and Earlestown at once took up the attack, the Recs. backs having a lively time. Many times the St. Helens goal was in danger, but Lee's clever performance between the sticks prevented the core being increased and the game concluded with the score as at half time.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
OHMY'S " COMPLINFINTS." A Prosecution at Preston.

An unusual case occupied the attention of the Pres- ton magistrates on Tuesday when Joseph Smith, pro- fessionally known as " Ohnly." circus proprietor, was summoned for opening his circus for a public perform- ance on Christmas Day. Theatre and circus pioprietors at Preston are granted licences on condition that their places of entertain ment are closed on Sundays, Christmas Day,and Good Friday. Smith issued bills fora performance on Christ- mas night, and when warned on different days by police inspectors, he replied that he would not hal the per- formance unless the public compelled him. The performance was held, and when told he would be reported, defendant replied to the inspector: "Well, we shall be none the worse for that."

in imposing the maximum penalty of £lO and costs the Chairman said the magistrates had been seriously considering whether they should avail themselves of their power and withhold defendant's licence. If, how- ever, anything of the kind occurred again such a step would be taken.

"The compliments of the season," defendant ironically remarked as he left the defendant's box.

At Halesowen, Worcestershire, on Tuesday, Julia Lewett was sentenced to .six months', and Margaret Lewett to three months' hard labour, for causing a child, nine years old, to pick pockets.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES. Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

There was an average attendance at the meeting of this society on Sunday afternoon. Mr. B. Farrar pre- sided, and in the course of a brief address announced that the Benevolent Fund Committee was enabled to dispense some *elcome Christmas cheer to several of the members as the result of the special contributions to the fund on the pAvious Sunday. Mr. Farrar pro- ceeded to review the past year, and in referring to the losses which the churches had sustained, alluded to the deaths of the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Rev. Dr. Parker, and the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes. He also referred to the losses sustained by the P.S.A. Society during the past year. It was now a time to take stock, he said, and he urged his hearers to consider how they stood before God.—Mr. A. King, of M.anchester.delivered an interesting address based on the text "And I sought for a man among them, that should make up the hedge, and stand in the gap before me for the land. that! should not destroy it; but I found none."( Ezekiel 22c., 30v.) He pointed out that men were wanted to-day who were physically, mentally and spiritually fit to stand with the forces of righteousness. He was thankful to God that there was in Manchester a man like Edwyn Holt who dared to stand alone and risk his reputation, risk his money to the extent of £5,000 and risk even his health, for what he considered his duty in the cause of righteous- ness. Men of like character were needed to-day " to make up the hedge and stand in the gap" against the forces of evil. At the conclusion of the service Mr. B. Farrar wished everyone present "A Happy New Year."

===== 0002601_19030102_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
"The Messiah" at Runcorn.

On Sunday evening at St. Paul's Church, Handel's oratorio "The Me,ssiah" was given by a largely aug- mented choir.—The principals were Miss A Taylor (soprano), Mrs. Leathweod (contralto), Mr. E. Worrell (tenor), and Mr. Johnson (bass). All the artistes sang with delicacy and precision, the most enjoyable items being "He was despised (Mrs.Leathwood)" I know that my Redeemer liveth," "Why do the nations" (Mr. Johnson) and "Comfort ye" (Mr. Wprrall). The choruses were exceptionally well rendered,tb:e most meritorious being "All we like sheep have gone astray," "Unto us a child is born," and the "Hallelujah Chorus." Mr. B. Crosby conducted with his accustomed ability, his influence being apparent throughout. Mr. Pritchard presided at the organ with brilliancy and verve, and contributed in no small degree to the success of the evening. The proceeds will be devoted to the trust funds.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSCIENTIOUS OBJECTORS.

Appiications for Exemptions at Darcsbury.

The Small-p3x Epidemic.

Two applications for certificates exempting children from vaccination were iteardby the magistrates (Mr. W. Long presiding) at Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tues- day. The first applicant was Ernest Samuel Garland, furnishing ironmonger, &c., Bridge-street, Warrington, who stated that he had a conscientious objection to vaccination, as he believed it would be detrimental to the health of the child.

The Chairman: But why? Give us a reason. Applicant: Years ago I went through an experience I should be sorry to go through again. I had the mis- fortune to lose my father, and it was generally believed that his death was the result of re-vaccination.

The Clerk: Do you mean that your father's death occurred shortly after re-vaccination?

"1-17iiifc;;;C:- ot shortlyT";ft;;:

lite Clerk: Years after? Applicant: I don't know the exact length of time. It was shortly afterwards. Mr. Monks: What was his age? Applicant: Fifty-five. • I consulted a mAdical man at the time, and he said that the most feasible solution of the whole thing wos vai•eination. It was a case that puzzled the doctors. (1 specialists engaged. It was a rare disease.

The Chairman: And wit?: ; .:e evidence before you in the newspapers, and the out break o smallpox through- out the country do you press your application? Applicant: lam not prepared to alter my resolution. The Ct : lam afraid I stall have to sign the certificate, but v.- ith very grave doubts, antl I think I speak for the other magisj-atel on the Bmch. You have a liabil,ty to your own family as well as to the country. John William Howarth, of Stockton Heath, made a appl cation. He said he was the father of three children, two of whom had been vaccinated, and who bad suffered exceedingly, and had grown up to be weik and puny. He was of opinion that their condicion was due to vaccination. The third child, who had not been vaccinated, SVCS a strong and robust girl. In these circumstances he had a conscientious objection to vaccination.

The Ctutirman: Do you blame vaccination or the doctor? • •

Applicant: The children were vaccinated from what is called pure lymph. The Chairman : It is under the same feeling that we sign the certificate. We believe you are mistaken.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TRAMWAY TRAFFIC.

The following are the returns of the traffic on the Warrington tramways for the 8 ,;.ays ending Saturday last, December 27 : _

Sankey ..., Latchford

s. d. 88 14 10 .117 13 1

Wilderspool lO5 17 8 Cemetery 97 10 10 Longford 4O 5 8

Total 450 2 1 The returns for Saturday last are : _

Sankey Latchford Wilderspool

Z s. d. 13 13 11 20 1 11 18 2 5

Cemetery Longford

Total 75 0 4 The sum of £450 2s. id. represents 108,025 passengers. The returns are considered very satisfactory.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
WEAK STOMACHS I

Bile Beans Prove a Boon. How a Woman's Weakness Was Banished.

Now is the period of the year when Indigestion is particularly rife. Heavy eating, and probably a little indiscreet indulgence in liquids play havoc with weak stomachs. To all who suffer from any form of stomach disorder, Chas. Forde's Bile Beans are a veritable hoon. Mrs. Brown, of Park View, Leven (Fife), suffered for years with a weak stomach. She says :—" I became so weak that it was quite impossible for me to do my housework, and everything I had to do, no matter how light or simple, seemed a burden to me. I also had acute headaches, and although I

often felt hungry, I dikrednot eat because of the violent pains which attacked me afterwards. I often went away for a change of air, but derived very little good from it, and I would be as bad as ever again in a few days. Various doctors were consulted, and I took their pre- scriptions, but the relief I obtained was very meagre and only temporary. "My daughter Mary one day read of the wonderful cures which were being effected by Chas. Forde's Bile Banns. She exclaimed—" 0 mother. here is something which will care you." I was a little sceptical of trying the Beans at first, but I at last decided to give them a trial.

"The fourth or fifth day after taking them I felt. I was improving, so I persevered with their use. The relief I gained was marvellous and after a short course, I found myself quite restored to health. I can now eat any kind of food with relish, and I am never more pleased than when I am recommending the inedicine which cured me to other sufferers." Chas. Forde's Bile Beans are a certain cure for lath- gestion, biliousness, liver and kidney disorders, pains in the side, loins, and back, constipation, piles, dizziness, sleeplessness, nervous and general debility, anemia, and all female ailments. Also for colds, dial, neuralgia, lumbago, rheurnatitsm, and as a preventive of influenza. Bile Beans may be obtained of all chemists, or post free from the Bile Bean Manufacturing Co., Red Cross- street, London,. E.C., on receipt of prices is. lid. or 2s. 9d. (2s. 9d. box contains three times is. lid. size). They are sold only in sealed boxes; never loose.

' -0-4,- ' ' 1 1 44 V' se, 4.. .b/i „ , rU-,1"1„. Ili .4re , ~..7, , . 10' • ' .T.:= ~t.-',7t, ~.: „ -ti , ..••

===== 0002601_19030102_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
—..i.s■imil--_

===== 0002601_19030102_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
• , • .4

MILLIONS

OF WOMEN

Preserve, Purify, the Skin, Scalp, Hair, and Hands with

• ----,A.,.. , ,\,,, ~- ------ , utictird ,--, ,?-- i? ' ~,,_, 4,/ 0 . •••• • '!- 1 SOAP- . MEDICINAL ~. :&,;-,-7,---' '... Aoir N 4,. li, 4 c ..cE.,. .._ ~. , „. ...,. _ • • ,‘„,. „,,,,,,_, . „.__,... ~,,, .:, ~, , ~..,..,.__ , .......„.„,m ......___ 6.",, , . , , ~, ~,,,,,,.....,...,__„:„.,„. , it., ...... ‘, ... r..p..i, and Beautify

===== 0002601_19030102_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
gtic ra SOAP:"

MTLLTorTs or WOMEN use Cur-Tema SOAP, assisted by CIITICURA OINTMENT, for beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings, and irritations, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Millions of women use CUTICURA SOAP in blths for annoying irritations, inflamma- tions, and ulcerations, and for many sana- tive, antiseptic purposes, which readily suggest themselves to women.

Complete Treatment for Humours; Consisting of CUTICURA SOAP (18.), to cleanse the sLin of crusts and scales; CUTICURA NTNI ENT (18. Ga.), to instantly allay itching, inflammation, and irritation, and soothe and beztl • and CUTICURA RESOLVENT PILLS (18. to cool and cleanse the blood. A. single set is often sufficient to cure. uTICURA RESOLVENT PILLS (Chocolate CO .td 'are a new,taKteless,odouriess) ecouomical Iti,Etitute for the celebrated liquid CuTicune. lil>ult.Vv4;NT, as WC:I as for all other blood purl- a and humour cum& 60 dose, la. .hroneh-ut th. world. The SET, 48. 9c1., postpaid, I . N.'WBE7,I" & loot, ri-21, Charter- I oTTI.itpUtIO CLIE.II. COM,, tio.e cps., 14,:,5t0n, U. S. A.

ti FOR THE CHILDREN. Pi 0o 0 0 2: 00 " 0 -Q a _it a1k31,142714 44 ,4,.0wz,14,#:4,i \ 00 4 Cocoa is OD

The LANCET (August 9th, 1902) says: " CADEURY's Cocoa undergoes no method oftreatment by which foreign substances are introduced."

PARENTS when purchasing their Cocoa can prevent dis- appointment by making sure

that The name "CADBURY" is on every Packet and Tin.

00 0 0

9s Cocoa Absolutely PURE, therefore BEST. 40.*

" • •.• ••••:1 ••• • ••••*: •; •a • „I • & t 441). . ,4. v •.1 (444,, <tit. tNO tst C ^ ‹r, .41 ette H •• 4.* DBl

===== 0002601_19030102_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
LEAGUE cormirtEE MEETING.

On Tuesday afternoon and evening the Committee of this League met at the George Hotel, Huddersfield, Mr. J. Clifford presiding. The following players have been put on and struck off the registers as under :=

===== 0002601_19030102_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
PUT ON.

Morecambe—A. Mann, Leeds Parish Church. Warrington—H. Brough, Runcorn White Star. Huddersfteld—W. Thomas, Tredegar. York—S. B. Goya; Castleford (R.U.) Manningham—H. D. Willis, Workington, and E. Jenkins, Hull.

Wakefield Trinity—W. Schofield, Greenfield; C. Summerscales and Edgar Gill, Calder Grove; and F. Moxon Felkirk Association. , _

Dewsbury—J. Barraclough, Morley Red Rose; J. Moxon, Feikirk Association; and E. holyhead, Morley United. ' Rochdale Hornets—S. Davies, Hopwood West End; W. S. Addy, Workshops team; and F. H. Caulfield, Widnes.

Wigan—W. Winstanley and C. E. Forsyth, Beechfield A; and J. Sharrbck, Wigan Wanderers. Leigh—J. Watson, Blackley; and J. A. Blackburn, Swinton.

St. Helens—R. Halstead, Plymouth. Lancaster—E. B. Thompson, Lancaster. Swinton—J. Berry, Wigan; E. Robinson, Altrinchami; and C. Entwistle, St. Bartholomew's. STRUCK OFF.

Morecambe—H. Wilson. Widnes—F. H. Caulfield. York—J. Robson. Wakefield Trinity—M. L. Dyson, H. Walton, J. W. Threadgold, and W. Appleyard. Dewsbury—J. W. Taylor, G. Walmsley and D. Ellis. Swinton—J. Donnelly, L. Clewes, J. Blackburn, and J' Wilding. Broughtoußangers—E. Fisher. The Huddersfield Club was fined Bs. for late start at, Bradford.

The explanations of South Shields and Todmorden for late slarts at Keighley and Batlev were accepted. It was decided that the match Holbeck v. Normanton in which short time was played, should count a win for Holbeck.

The following reported players were dealt with :—R Crabtree, Todmorden, was suspended pending appear- ance for fighting; L. France, Halifax, January 10, fight- ing; Atkinson, Broughton Rangers, January 3, kicking; Armitage, Brighouse, January 3, striking ; B. Dewhirst, Thrum Hall, January 3, kicking ; R. Knowles, February 28, striking; Ward, Leeds A, January 3, striking ;. Gill, Idle, January 10, striking ; Bradley, Holbeck. January 17, kicking ; Brady, Dewsbury, January 31., kicking; L. Smith, Brantley, Jantutry 10, kicking; Sherwood, Castle- ford, pending appearance, foul •charging.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Children Entertained.

Lost Friday 430 children partook of an excellen tea in the lower room at the Ragged School. The Y were afterwards entertained in .the upper room to concert by the members of the Band of Hope. A comic sketch "The Manager's Dilemma," given by the teachers, caused roars of laughter. The rooms had been tastefully decorated with evergreens, &c., sent by Mr. Crosfield:(Walton Lea) and Mr. J. Charlton. Parr. Christmas cards were also sent by Mrs. F. J. Dell. The Committee beg to acknowledge with thanks the above gifts, and also the gifts of provisions by the tradespeople. At the close of the concert each child was given an orange and a - present off tha- Christmas tree.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„

• : r-- •

===== 0002601_19030102_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19030102_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
.. - , . . . . . . _ ____ . _- . - - - - . • - -••;r.r.',"?,.,:,,7,~,0,•;,.,?,, ~.,.. . • • . ' goon, ... „iir• --- -*IL -•ltkr„-----::- • eirri...44,- - It. Apj , - !* , "IP"' - 4 A • ..-- A. •• 1 - ,r,,• s v,,....-- . - ,--.......--, •- --,.. -- - - . :t.' '- . '''. ;- , ' '..044'. ci-, . • -.,... , ...—.7",... Ili . . ... , ~.. . _____,.,._,,. ,- •,`..-..`...'.:',".,•::--. -• ..,.-- ,__--.:17.,:•!..-..;:i.e..-:i.),, . . . .. . .

Ebe "Crammer 'vent-6

TIE ••WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE BXABILNICR." pubashed every Saturcls— morning. T" 4. EARLBSTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," publiehed every Friday afternoon. T" " RUNCORN EXAMINER," published every Friday afternoon.

T" " 'VIDNES EXAMIFEB," published every Friday at ternoon. PRSPAID AP kIITMENTS WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET

ARTICLES LOST

ARTICLES FOU:ID

Words. Week. 18 a 36 45 64

===== 0002601_19030102_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ADVERTISEMENTS

HOUSES WANTED HOUSES TO BE SOLD

MISCELLANEoUS WANTS

MISCELLLNEOUS SALES Three Six Weeks. Weeks. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od, ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 3s. id. ... 6s. Od. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Oct.

Domestir Iperbants, etr

ANTBD, GENHItA.I4 ; good character ; age about 20. IW —Apply, BL..icx Congleton.

WANTED. COOK.GHNSIIAL.—%pnIy Mrs. F t Tzn ROW Shirley. Ashton Drive. Hunt's °toss, Liverpool.

WANTED GOOD-GENERAL, for 3 of family —Address Mn. SARNES, 321 Great Ancoats-streat, Minchester.

\ivANTED Good 4131,113H1LL for farm house. -Apply, Mrs Jorls SwIFT,Plum Tree Farrn.Bccleston, near Prescot

WANTED. GHNBRAL, about 19; small family; two maids kept.—Apply Mrs G H KIRKPITnicic, Hindley Green. near Wiga-J.

WAN:LBD, G111,113,11,AL hBttVNT. at once; must be early riser.—Mrs. TRIMMER. Westfield, Wardle—road, Sale, Manchester.

- 'WANTED Good GENERAL SERVANT between 25 and 30, n..) washing.—S Smliß,Burnwood,Warwick Drive, Hale, near Manchester.

WANTBD, good GRNICRAL, about 18,for January sth, in family of two; confortable home.-2, NAPIER-ROAD, Heaton Moor, Stockra,rt.

WANT:SD GBNICRALS with good references; good wages.—Address, Mrs Willataxes REGISTRY, 438, Lees-m. 3. Oldham, Lanes.

A.NTRD. Good GUNI4it&L SHIIVANT to cook, wash V and iroa ; three in family, one boy four years old.— HARRISON. Kinclough-road, Uraaston.

- - -vir ANTED experienced GOOK-GENERAL ; family 3; V January ; state wage and references.—Mrr. MAIN, Bollington near Macclesfield.

W /INTIM a good KIII :10HN MAID. wages £2O. also Housemaid. wages £lB.—Apply with refarence to MATRON, Devonshire Hospital, Buxton. DerbyshirP.

ANTRD, a good experienced GbNKIL; must be able to do plain cooking for small family.—Mrs. FALLER, 34, Taff-street, Pontypridd, South Wales.

IVANppr, achoaorkase.t.2.enerarelqs., iHreodusemists, Registry, s.torlev-Btreet, Bradlord, Yorkshire.

gurees ; farea BOTrOMLEY'S

ANTED, good PLAIN COOK; Churchwoman ; abstainer ; between-maid helps; five servants.—Mrs. SYMONDS. Over labley Vicarage, KLuteford.

DISLINGAGED GOOD COOK 210 • Temporary Cooks. Housekeepers and Generals.-251rs. RIBCRIBTEWB Registry 20 Great Avenbam-street, Preston.

ALL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from lemmtry or 1. town,public and private.—Call or write MISS HARROWS (only office) 8, o,dham-et.. Manchester. ltetab• 18S2

WinoßusTraldreraiirtersestshesoroautgho,,acnect gindchePnlmain,adCsooaknsd. SuperiotGenerals —SELECT REGISTRY, RUShOiMe,Manehester. WANTED. good GENKRA.L, 18 to 20; strong; wash; wag-s Et‘l ' • family three ; references required.—Mrs HAMER, Wendelholme, Hamilton-road, Whitedeld, near Manchester.

UXPERIENCED SI t,, and Female NURSES at a L. 4 moment's notice ic: %,,11 cases.—Apply NURSES INSTITU- TioN. 70, nope-street, Liverpool. Te.lephone 570. Telegraphic Address " Nurses." ---

ALL CLASSES OF SITUATIONS, private and public, good hOMe3, excellent whoa ; places in town, country and seaside.—W rite to HA.RRISON'S, OLDEST lESTABLD4HLD IitEGISTRY 6, Oldhatn-st Manchester.

_ rtOOKS W NT/iID £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitresses ki £lB to £22, GenerAs £lB to £2O, Girls £l4, excellent places. Na connection with any other office.—Write to HARRISON'S. 6, Oldham et., Manchester.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
A: ante

C- t-- LERKS WANTED.—Hoe-work. e N venings, s. weekly. rn Enclose stamp.—' GENUINE,' 47, Westfield-Gres. Leeds

AGIINTS wanted.—lttcandescent Man ties, Particulars free ; dozen 2s 6d —SEARCHLIGHT MANTLE COMPANY, West-street, Sheffield.

IsetyAß MEDALS ',anted. dated 1848, E.?. given; also Arctic. Red River,Firket, Atbara,klatebele, Mashena, Fenian Raid. Ac.—Major TOMBS. Droitwich,

11"HOPKIIIIPHRS wanting to retail MACKINTOdH'S TOFFIGS.—Ihis TOFFEIN is largely advertised and the demaud is growing and increasing. If you have oifficulty in getting supplies, write direct to our manufactory and we will matte the necessary arrangements with the Wholesalers in your district for a regular supply. If you wish to do more trade, don t neglect to stock this line—it will give satisfac- tio to your customers and bring them again.—Address. JOHN iiiIACCUCTOsn, Ltd., Toffee Mills, Halifax, York.

VVTANTVD,IIRRAND BOY.agedl4 —Apply " OFFicE, Whrringtnn.

LULLY INdtILIAII HOSPITAL L'4Ull,3lia avatlabie t ally 12 time, day or night. for medical, surgical, mental,fever, accouchment, and massage cases.—Apply MATRON, Insti- tute for trained nurses. WigAn.—Telegraphic address " NURSEs " Wigan.

4,2ANITAILY Inspector's lixaminations.—Thorougb training 0 for above by an tissociate of the Sanitary Institute. No books required. Correspondence. success guaranteed. Write particulars and testimonials A. 5.1., 12, Hilda-place tialtburn-by-Sea.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
eit•o be *krt.

MANKET-STRKET, good SHOP wito Hous.£so. PENKRTH.—Cottages 4s Od., 3s. 9d. and La. Bd. per weak BANK STRRBT (WICK, £5 room. OFFICFS MARKET STEBBT Apply hoBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War' ritigton. Telephone—No 55.

LA OUS N. TO LBT Derby-atreet. rent 45. 6cL—Apply WOODS 'onoitors. Warrington.

r O LBT.—GOOD VILLA with 4 Bedroome.roomy an con- venient.—Apply Thomas Harding. Orfori-road, P4d- gate-lane. Warrington.

-- I'llo LET GOOD ROUSE, (3 bedrooms) off 8RW:413Y- .1. ROAD, rent ti &I.—Apply WOODN AND :mots, Solicitors Horsemarket-street, WarringrAm.

rllO LET, 91A111,13 and COACHROUSH, with lofts OVd large yard,avactitd off 'fanners Lane.--App/y Woons & Sort Solicitors, 55, Eorsesoarketstree Warrington.

inarbmern, Cu.

fl AS ENGINES. Robinson's " HR " Gas Engines ire kJ reliable and easy to pot down.—ROBINSON, Great Bridgewater Street, Nlauchester.

QT. GBORGE'S IRON WORKS. LIMIT hsD (late Ormerod, Grieraon and Co), Hulme. Mr, nchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLBY PATTBRNS in the trade having recently Purchased the whole of the Wheel. Pulley and Wheel Block Patterns Lelouging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•roftd Iron Works, Manehester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheel and Yulley Patterns on application. NT., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod Gr erson, Manchester."

pATENT OF FIC IPI. MANCHESTER, ENTABLISTIED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have had more than dI3 years' personal experiencetn connection with this Establish- ment andpossess practical knowledge of the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d, "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. -GEORGE DAVIES. & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER •

HARGRAVE'S MULE PILLS (WORLD FAMBD). The safest and best remedy for ANAEMIA, DEBILITY, WEAKNESS, lanEent.lnrry, and Ail other ailments peculiar to the sex. Invaluable to Women. PRICE 21. gm ONE Box SUFFICIENT FOR CURE. Bole Agent for the United Kingdom— J. ROGERS, (Box 2). 3, IRSKINB ROAD. WALTRANBTOW, LONDON.

JOHN &SON AND SONS, EAGLE AND CHILD YARD,

BRIDGE-STRgET. WARRINGTON.

FRENCH POLISHERS,

STAINERS, & VARNISHERS, CABINBT MARTINS. AND UPHOLSTBRBRS.

Mr. JOHN lIMEION has been over 36 years with Hobert Garaett and lions. and 28 years as Foreman

FoUsher. Parraaz ADDRESS :-19, THINNB-STWITT.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Opartment% AfurnAtti lloucces, etc

diiisrtilanons, .'ate, tu.

81 °Rtl B 0 lJeSratoset w let; pet week, I.polisittot; iii—l'UNi wobaktyNp li window.. Tnu i btilOOD SrABLII !CILIUM!. 2s 9d per ton, put on rail.— winter months. Business elsewhere. Houses to sell and kJ IL II GILL, Lower Clarkesfiela's, Lees-road, Oldham. let,—MooßE, Contracter, Morecambe.

ELBATON MOOR, HEATON CtIAPEL.—Dry comfortable, house, dining, drawing, 4 bed, bath, w.c.. cellar, large kitchen. Venetians, gas fixings. larg,3 garden, £2B ; one £24 in Hawthorn Grove, No. 20.—Apply Ma SMITH Mat- lo3k Villa, 9ti, Heaton Moor-road, Stockport.

6 VCZEDOOMO tha only certain cure known for Eczema, 1:1 is 4d.—TURNER, Chemist, Ashbourne-road. Derby,

YhING AND ULHANING done for the Trade with die ' patch.---PABlAN.l3nos,l,it 2, Park St Works,bilington,N

===== 0002601_19030102_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
eNutation.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER AND CO., EXAMINER PRINTING OFFICE.

TELEPHONE 355 Y.

FOR

CATALOGUES. COSIMSRCIAL PRINTING.

PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PROFESSIONAL GENTLEMEN,

===== 0002601_19030102_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
BALANCE-SHEETS AND PROSPECTUSES OF COM

FAMES. LETTERPRESS PRINTING, AND BOOKBINDING.

IN ALL THEIR BRANCHES.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Obarts.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, January 2, 1903.

jorges. arriagrO, Eau *Writ, &r

===== 0002601_19030102_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

SANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers well. "After one dressing I found 136 dead next morn- ing."—.j. ELM, Helsthorpe, Leighton. "I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."-0. Coox, Farmer. Rllesmere. "I destroyed 146 rats with it."—O. Wzr.sow, Offord.—Send Is 2d to SANFORD A SONS, Sandy St. Beds. Sold by Chemists.

JOHN W ALKHR AND CO. .taXAMINER PRINTING WORKS

PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION WITH THE GREATEST DESPATCH. CONO/IRT BILL* AND PROGRANSIBS. TELEPHONE NO. 355 Y•

===== 0002601_19030102_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED. i• 34, 46 AND 48, BRIDGE MEET, WARRINGTON.

USEFUL CHRISMAS PRESENTS. ARTISTIC CHRISTMAS (,ARDS.

AN EXTENSIVE VARIETY OF BEAUTIFUL FANCY ARTICLES ON VIEW. LADIES WILL FIND TRIS AN EXCELLENT COLLEC- TION TO SELECT FROM. SILVER AND GOLD-MOUNTED PURSES, CARD— OASES. CIGAR-CASES. LETTER-CASES. CHATE- LAINE BAGS, PHOTO FRAMES, MINIATURE PICTURES. GLASS—WARE. FLOWER VASES, ORNAMENTS. METAL GOODS, Ix., ex.

BEAUTIFUL PLANTS AND FLOWERS FOR TABLE DECORATION. T BA-COSIES, CUSHIONS, TABLE-CENTRES, PIANO COVERS, Ac. HANDSOME GOLD AND SILVER MOUNTED UMBRELLAS. GLOVES, HANDKERCHIEFS, LACE GOODS, Ac. FURS—A VERY FINE COLLECTION OF RICH FURS.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
A BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF

REAL LACES.

W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED,

34, 46, AND 48, BRIDGE STREET,

WARRINGTON.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, &c. MADE TO ORDER. JOHN WALKER AND CO„ PRINTERS & BOOKBINDERS. EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS.

BRWBIIY-STREBT, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
GRANVILLI: HOUSB, Potton, for sale.—About 30 rooms, paddock, gardens, &c.—Mr. HUNT. Biggleswade.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
(Al NUM GHNERAL, small family, wash and iron fur- l' V ther particulars, "OLLER.roN," Stockport-rd.Timperley

===== 0002601_19030102_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAW FOR BICYCLE AT EGERTON-sTREET, WARRINGTON, POSTPORRD UNTIL MARCH 30.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
"YE SIGN OF YE GLOVE," KEPI BY

YE E:kIiI,4EYT MILLINERS, JLOVERS, AND

FANCY DRAPERS.

HENRY MILES

AND COMPANY. WHO HAVE THIS YEAR BROKEN THE RECORD IN PROVIDING TVIROUGHOUT THEIR SPLENDIDLY-APPOINTED ESTABLISHMENT AN UNRIVALLED EXHIBIr OF FASHIONABLE GOODS AT POPULAR PRICES.

BRITISH AND FOREIGN NOVELTIES NOI PROCURABLE HLSE WHERE.

SUITABLE GIFTS, USEFUL AND ORNAMENTAL. FOR YOUNG AND OLD, RIO EI AND POOR HIGH CLASS -MILLINERY AT POPULAR PRICES. FOR EVENING WEAR. FLORAL DECORATIONS. HEAD DRESSES. LADIES' DRESS CAPS.

GLOVES FOR LADIES. GLOVES FOR GENTLEMEN. GLOVES FOR CHILDREN.

SEAMLESS GLOVES A SPFCCIALITY. IN GLACE KID OR SURDE, 3s Ili-D PAIR

FUR NECKLETS AND MUFFS.

UMBRELLAS FOR LADIES. UMBRELLAS FOR GENTLEMEN. UMBRELLAS FOR CHILDREN. FEATHER AND GAUZ(4 FANS.

SILK HANDKERCHIEFS. LUNEN FIA NDKERCBIEFS CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS MADE-UP SILK AND LACE GOODS. LACE COLLARS AND TIES. SILK Si OCKS AND SCARVES. CRIFFON AND SILK FRONTS

===== 0002601_19030102_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESSING AND TEA GOWNS

LADIES' EVENING BLOUSE 9. LADIES' FLANNEL BLOUSES. LADIES' FLANNELETFE BLOUSES.

CORSETS AND UNDERCLOTRBO.

CHILDREN'S PINAFORES. CHILDREN'S COAT', AND CAPES. CHILDREN'S PELISSES.

SERVANT' APRONS AND CAPS

NEW DEP IRTMENT.

SACHETS, BELTS, PURSES, COMPANIONS. CHATELAINES,GARTERS, PERFUMERY, LEATHER GOODS, &c.

ROLLED GOLD JEWELLERY ALL AT POPULAR PRICES.

S EEESPECI AL WINDOWS , AL'

8. WILLIASISON STREEP,

JUST PUBLISHED.

" The Gicve of the Perini and How It is Made. A Tour thr .uch the Great Glove Factories of France, Belgium, Saxm2y, ai.o Bohemia." By HENRY MILES,

COPIES FREE ON APPLICATION.

HENRY MILES

AND COMPANY, MILLINERS AND FANCY DRAPERS. "THE SIGN OF THE GLOVE." 25 AND 25A, CHURCH-STREET, AND 8, WILLIAMSON-STKEET (OPPOSITE PRO-CATHEDRAL), LIVERPOOL.

TELBPHONB No. 7385.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
L'HE GREAT AUSTR kLI tN REMEDY. VITADATIO.

INJURED BACK AND KIDNEYS, AND KIDNEY AFFECTION CURED.

Deer Sir,--Fome two years ago I met with an acei• dent to soy back, injuring my kidneys and effecting my liver, the result at this being that my health was completely shattered. and al.hough I W4B under medical treatment for borne time I despaired of ever enjoying good health again ; in fact I ibecame very despondent and even prayed for death. My weak- fleas was so great that it unfitted me for work, but I heard of Webber's wooderful medicine, " VITADATIO," and have taken six bottles,and it is with real pleasure that I inform you that my health is completely restored and I am much stronger in body and able to do my work with p:easure, and enjoy life, which was impossible before, '`All thanks to Webber's VITADATI O." May many poor suff,rers test and prove its value as a health restorer as I have done. Gratefully yours, SILAS PERRY 66, Lord-street, Stockport, England, Jan, 17th, 19:0.

LIVER AND KIDNEY TROUBLES,

CURED AFTER 17 YEARS' SUFFERING.

73, Rgertm-street. Liverpool, October 26th, MG. Dear Sir,—lt gives me great pleasure to write and tell you of the lasting benefit I have received from VVebber's VITADATIO I have been a great sufferer from my Li7er and Kidneys for the last seventeen (17) years.' I was a real martyr to Indigestion and Biliousness, which for days, at certain periods, quite unfitted me for my business. I have tried various so-called remedies,only to be disappointed in the end with them all. Hearing from a friend of the many wonderful cures being effected by VITA DATIO, I determined to give it a trial, and am thankful to say after taking a course of it. am perfectly cured, and never felt better in health In my life. It is now fully five months since I gave up taking the medicine and have hart no return of my trouble, so I think lam safe in saying lam cured You may use this letter In any way you wish Gratefully yours,

VI M. RITSON.

From all Chemists and Grocers The price of Medicine is cla. 64 and 2s. 94 per battle. For further particulars,

S. A. PALMER, MOUNT PLACE, BROOK-STREET,

MANCHESTER.

Correspndenee Invited, Write for Testimonials.

OBTAINABLB LOCALLY FROM BOOTS CASII CHRMISTS.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRISON & CO.. MERCHANT TAILORS, 1 AND 3 NvALCPHOEOSLT ER S PRI ET ,

SPECIAL PURCLIASE 70 PIECES PURE INDIGO BLUE

SERGE. TO BE CLE ABED AT 35. SUIT TO MEASURE. SCOTCH. IRISH, & WEST OF ENGLAND TWEEDS. ALL THOROUGHLY SHRUNK, 355. SUIT TO IthASURE.

OUR SPECIALITY OVIiRCOATS in RAINPRO()P, in al the latest Stvides, Greens, Greys .3: Drabs.

295. 6D. OVERCOATS TO OgDER. WHITE Ort CALL FOIL PAT

===== 0002601_19030102_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAIVIINEK.

JANUA.RY 2nd. 1903.

How many of us, in The Old Customs andmaking our " strenuous " the New Year. resolutions for the New Year, are aware of the ancestry of the term, or of its curious significance? The Romans sacrificed ,on New Year's Day to Janus a cake of sifted meal, 'with salt, incense, and wine; all the mechanics began something in their art or trade; and men of letters did the same in respect of books and Poems. The history of New Year's gifts is traced 'back to Titus Tatius, who authorised the pre- .seatttion on that day of branches cut from a .wc,ood dedicated to Strenia, the Goddess of otrength. The cake and the wine led up to the Scotchcarousals of last night while from the mystic cutting of the tress and starting of fresh pieces of work,have evolved the French custom o f exchanging -cally Eng Ugh etrennes, and our own characteristi- habit of claiming at the beginning of the New Year fresh accessions of virtue—even if we have them not. Those men of letters prepared the way for our modern diaries—fruit which gener- ally perishes in the blossom if any emerges from the green leaves. Outside tht)ir commercial use, diaries, in fact,are apt to excite cynicism nowadays. 'Even MARK TWAIN, who ordinarily avoids the "b3aten track, has not been able to leave them alone. All tli!s feverish diNgence to restore the years that the locusts have eaten,would be merely amusing were it not for a psychological fact. Our energies, as Bain has reminded us in his work on "The Emotions and the Will," work intermitently• .Attection cannot be sustained beyonda limited period; but it is nevertheless true that our actions may by cultivation become almost rhythmic. If we could reduce the spasm and retain a measure of the enthusiasm we should make our careers much easier. A late PRIME MINISTER, who had some knowledge of stress, held that nothing is "0 much a habit as hard work. If he had added "except perhaps sloth," his observation would have been properly balanced and true. The tital stocktaking and the cleaning of the win- , 121-‘9B of the understanding is therefore not to be den .-reented,although some people bring upon them- 'selves ridicule by their action. ELIA had reminded .us that every man has two birthdays. The one Which in an especiel manner each of us terms " his," is allowed to pass out of notice as the age. of the individual advances; but the other has an -interest "too wide to be pietermitted by king or cobbler." It marks the beginning of a fresh 'reckoning. The bankers rule down the vacant space on the current: rages of our tpass-books to open the account again at the top of another, and such tradesmen's bills as we (or they) may have allowed to run, find theiridatural termini. There -can be no doubt about the break. So much for the individual The chronicle of the year just closed cover our Imperial position. Much responsibility will devolve on T.r. .4 LANs- DOWNS during the next twelve months, not only as regards the Ver_ezuelan entanglement, but many other problems which may at any moment .be troublesome. We have only to reflect on the .rapidity with which the crisis in Morocco has ,occarred to aepreciate how alert a Foreign Seeri.

tary needs to be when responsible for safeguarding the interests of such vast and varied dominions as our own. Lord LANSDOWNE is, fortunately, one ot the astutest and yet most painstaking members of the Cabinet, and we await his explanation of the German embroilment with interest. Then there is Mr. BRODRICK'S Army Reform Scheme to be brought into effective operation. Expert and civilian seem alike inclined to condemn it with faint praise, and its fate will be ascertainable if not actually determined in the corning year. LORD SELBORNE'S new scheme for instruction and promotion in the Navy should be a memorable event. Then there is the South African question, about which in various ways Mr. CHAMBERLAIN is certain to be effected by this tour. And not less important in its effect alike on Church and State will be the final decision of the Nonconformists as, to their method of receiving the new Education Act—whether by passive re- sistance to the rate, to which many at present are inclined to pledge themselves; or by agitation wherever and whenever the electors cm: be touched. , Social reformers,too, will eagerly watch the opera- tion of that mild measure the Licensing Act, whereby the habitual drunkard is to sutler some chock, bogus clubs are struck at (whether they will be hit is another matter), and married people are given greater power to protect theinselve; against the Inferno of a home of drunkenness. There is another class of workers who take very little heed of the arbitrary divisions of time into periods of twelve months, who may yet have it in their minds to make the year 1903 memorable. These are the scientists—the men who labour ohne eile ohne weile. We know the many years of patient investigation which preceded DAUWIN'S revelation. Some of these men have been toiling in dark channels for a long while, with here and there a gleam of sunshine, and the moment may soon be when they will emerge radiant in the full light of day, prepared to submit their conclu- sions ta the fullest examinations. We are thinking especially of their investigations as to that scourge of humanity, cancer. Toe KING has given the movement to trace out its origin a great impetus, and with the advance of bacteriology in recent years it may be that the truth will be realised at any time. Then there is the development of locomotion. The motor-car has still to be made available even for the middle class, and dirigeable balloons ' represent only the chrysalis stage of the flying machine. They have taught us much, however, in regard to aerial navi- gation. These are only three of the interesting subjects with which men of genius are wrestling; , others may be feeling their way along paths en- tirely of their own making. It may be a dull time for poetry and literature, but the rising generation is on the tiptoe of expectancy for revelation of the triumphs of laboratory and work- shop. Something should come this year.

Death has removed a venerable Warringtoo 3itizen in the person of Mr. Joseph Harrison, J.P. He had reached the ripe old age of four score years, and in the closing stages of this long career he experienced the truth of the Psalmist's words that his strength was but "labour and sorrow." The malady from which he suffered kept him a prisoner in his house for three years, two years of which he had been confined to his bedroom. For some time previously he had experienced great difficulty in getting about, and it was often pain- ful to witness his efforts in ascending the steps of the Town Hall or the old Police Station, but he was not a man easily beaten, and he attended to his public duties as long as he could hobble about. He served the town for nearly 40 years and at one time or other occu- pied almost every public office. The Town Council honoured him by thrice electing him Mayor of the Borough and at the Jubilee of the Corporation,he was one of the townsmen cl,osen for signal honour by haviug the freedom of the Borough conferred upon him. Not only did he take a part in muni- cipal affairs but his interests extended to the administration of the Poor Law ana he served his townsmen usefully in the capacity of Chair- man of the Board ot Guardians He was regular in his attendance on the Borough Bench and al- though he took what was perhaps a very extended view of what his duties as a magistrate really were, still he endeavoured to dispense justice with mercy. It is three years since he dropped out of public life, but there are many who have interest- ing recollections of him.

The Spiritualists At a meeting of the Spiritualist Society, on Sunday afternoon Mr, J. Pemberton introduced the subject of "Mesmerism and hypnotism" for discussion, and in, the evening gave an address oa " Fear, faith and fact." At the close of the evening service the annual meeting of members was held, when a vote of thanks •was accorded to the officers and committ?e for their services dur;ng the past year. The election of officers &c., for the ensuing .year rasulted as follows :—Pre- sident, Mr. Stout ; vice-presidents, Messrs. J. Pem- berton, T. Hardman and Moorey ; secretary, Mr. W, Massey ; treasurer, Mr. Hardman; correspondk!ig secretary, Mr, Manseur ; organist,Mr. Forster ; assis- tant organist, Mr. Joseph Forster; committee, Mes- dames Gal lop and Hardman, Miss Annie Furness, and Messrs. Unsworth and T. Davies. The following officers of the Lyceum, who are ex-officio members of the committee, were also elected Conductor, Mr. W. Massey; secretary, Mr, Herbert Foster, and treasurer, Mr. S. Moorey,—On Monday evening. Mr:. Annie Williams, of Manchester, gave.a large number of clair- voyant &lineations with considerable success.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
• . - • _ _ r , , , . ZO:

NOTES BY THE WAY AT

EARLESTOWN.

FOOTBALL.

On Christmas Day, Earlestown should have played a round of the Rawcliffe—Chorley Charity Cup with Bacup, but although there were plenty of spectators, Bacup did not turn up at the appointed time. Two players, who lived somewhere in the district, put in an appearance, but they were unable to give any informa- tion as to the whereabouts of the remainder of the players. About four o'clock, the latter turned up in cabs, having driven all the way from Manchester. By this time the spectators had dispersed, and it was not possible at that late hour to proceed with the game. Of course this must be a loss to Earlestown, but whether Bacup can be held liable for any portion,is a question to be decided later.

Bacup will brtve another try to reach Earlestown to-day (Friday), when it is expected the tie will be decided.

On Saturday the time honoured rivals of Earlestown, St. Helens Recs. visited the Earlestown ground, and there was a big crowd of spectators lo welcome them. Unfortunately the Rees: were not at full strength, being two of their best men short. Earlestown tried a new player named Garrington, but he did not prove a valu- able acquisition, but. he may have been troubled with nervovsness. Anyway another trial would do no harm. Earlestown played a magnificent game, and completfly non-plussed the Recs., who had to own defeat by 3 goals to 1.

Newton had a journey to Birkenhead to play Tran- mere Rovers in the Combination, but the game ended in a bloodless draw.

The Essex police on Tuesday afternoon discovered buried in the garden of a private house at Ley-ton the bodies of a man, woman, and child, who, it is believed have been murdered recently. Their identity is not yet known.

LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SHOES, UNDER the CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TON.CS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WA TE RS.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, January 2, 1903,

===== 0002601_19030102_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the above authority was held on Tuesday at Dutton, Present .—Messrs. J Knowles (in the chair), J. Mosely-Williams; J. Stokes,T. Wright, C. Roylance, E. Clarke, T. Darlington, T. Baxter,. C. E. Linaker, J. W. Williams, T. Lewis, H. Mawdsky. G. Pilling, P. Weave, J. Edwards, J. Mountfield, T, Antwiss, with Messrs. G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough Dr. Adams (medical officer), J. Swinton. and F. Diggle (surveyors), and J. Farrington (inspector).

_ A 3i PER CENT. LOAN. The Public Works Loan Commissioners wrote on December 19 acceding to the Council's application for a loan of £1,050 at 3 per cent. which will be applied to the purchase of a site for the erection of a small-pox hospital. On the motion of Mr. Wright, it was resolved that the application be confirmed.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ELECTRICAL QUESTION.

- The North-Western Electricity and Power Gas Com- pany forwarded a print of their bill as deposited, together with a map showing the area of supply. They trusted the Council would pass a resolutioa supporting the Bill. Resolved on the motion of Mr. Limiker that the matter be referred to the Parliamentary Committee.!

===== 0002601_19030102_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DAMAGE AT HILL CLIFFE ROAD.

Mr. R. Miller, Contractor, Wilderspool Cemseway, Warrinpton wrote re the alleged damage to the road near Hill Cliff Chapel, regretting that his carts had con- tinued in one track thus causing unnecessary damage. He would insist upon the drivers taking proper care in the future and trusted there would be no further cause for complaint. The Clerk said that the question was whether a promise for future care was satisfactory for the damage already done... . . .

After considerable discussion it 'MS resolved that the clerk write to the contractor thlt he would be held responsible should the road require repairing.

A SMALL-PDX CASE AT WESTON.

The following letter was received from Mr. E. Marshall, clerk to the Runcorn Urbin Couma urder date the 24th December, ltgr. "A quarryman named Howarth has been received into the St. Helens Small- pox Hospital. He spent a week end in our Urban Dis- trict. Previous to that he was one or two nighis at Farrell's, Weston Terrace, Weston, and before that was at Littlemore's house. I think the last named place is situated in Cheshyres-lane' Weston. I need hardly say that we are dealing with the question of the lodging house at which he stayed here.'

The Clerk said that immediately on receipt of the communication on telephoned to the medical officer who would report. The Medical Officer then submitted a detailed report, which showed that all the "contacts.' had been vaccin- ated while the beading and the clothes had been disin- fected. The Small-pox hospital had been got in readiness so that should any outbreak occur it might be promptly dealt with. Mr. Stokes said that the officers bed acted in a ver prompt and praiseworthy manner and were to be con-v gratulated for the way they were safeguarding the public.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON LIGHT RAILWAY ORDER..

A batch •of correspondence relating to this. County I Council's objections to certain portions of the Warring- ton and Northwich Light Rail's\ ays order was submitted. L A letter from the Light Railway Commissioners, "dated December 18th, said that the Order had been sub- mitted to the Board of Trade for confirmation before the receipt of objections to the Order from the North- wich Urban District Council with reference to the brine subsidence clauses. The Commissioners however, after considering the special cirpumstarces, were willing to recommend certain amendments for consideration by the Board of Trade. These amendments, forwarded for consideration, provided (1) that tl.e company should not commence Railway No. 8 until they had paid £l5O towards the expense incurred by the Northwich Council in widening the road at the juaction with Railway No 7 (2) that in any case o; urgency due to subsidence,if. the company failed to take any steps necessary to public safety, the road authority might do so at the ompany's expense (3) that in case of damage done to the Com- pany's property by mains sewers, &c. and broken by I subsidence the own3rs of ' the mains &0. causing such damage should not be liable to make compensation. Referring to the County Council's desire and amend- ments proposed by them and omitted from the Order should be further considered, the Commissioners said that these amendments e:e merely variations of the standard provisions (although in some points accepted by the Promoters), and that they did not think there would be any advantage in further considering the pro- posals except as special ci •cumstances. The County. Council intimated that they would reser .Te their objections for hearing by the Board of Trade. Copies of this letter had been sent to the Board of Trade, County Council, Northwich Urban and Rural Councils, Runcorn Rural Council and to Messrs Baker, Lees and Co., for the promoters. Mr. Reginald Potts, clerk to the Cheshire County Council, forwarded a letter containing the objections of the Council to the Order submitted for their confirma- tion. He prefaced the Council's objections by protest- ing against the action of the Light Railway Commissioners in not giving effect by their Order to clauses and amendments agreed between the promoters and the County Council raid po;nted out it was on the faith of those amendments and c'auses being inserted,the Council withdrew its opposition to the granting of the Order. He enclosed a copy of the Order shewing in red which the amendments refe.red to, and a copy of a letter from the secretary of the Commissioners w:th their observa- tions on such amendmen's. He then set forth the vari • ous clauses to which the Council took exception and submitted amendments thereupon. He proposed tra,Es- miffing to the Board of Trade by the following night's post a copy of the communicatior,and asked ti ,3 Clerk to make whatever observations upon it he desired by telephone. Mr. Potts adopted 11 similar cow se with regard to the Witt rington Corpo,ation Li-ht Railway. The Cie,* said tilt be had agreed w;th the Clerk of the County Codo.cil to oppose the order. The Ru.al Council upheld the deckion of tile Clerk.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON I, EATH IMPROVEMENTS.

Mr. Jos3ph MoU-.fleld in accordance with noticegiven at the 'a meeting moved: "That thuidonald Avenue and so much of Kimbe,:ley D ive ns extends from Welton- toad to Dundoelid Avenue in the parish of S. (mkt on Heath be leVelled, paved, and mei 'filed, flaned, chan- nelled aid made good,and that a surveyor, to be then named, be instructed to prepare specificatiGns,e,si,imates an I provis;onll apilortionments in connection with the proposed works." He said be W 11.3 sorry that the pro- pet q owners b.)d been called Ilpon to so soon make the roads, but they we .0 exceedingly bad and required immediate aaentior.

Mr. Pilling seconded and the proposition was pPssed. TELE PROPOSED A LIARATION OF THE MEETING DAY. The motion was passed by the Coencil re the above, s;ntilar to that prssed by the Guacdians.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
W E ASTE-LA NE.

The Medical Officer, in a lengthy report, said that the work in connection 14;th Weaste-leae sewer vas all but complete. He wlshed,boweve-. that the Council call in san;tary enginee-: so that a rcheme could be devised to treat the sewage before entering the sewer. A long discussion ensued, the Clerk pointing out that according to a former resolution the Council had resolved not to go on with the work until they had received the report of the County Council. The Rural Council would have to rescind their former resolution before going on with the work. Mr. Moseley Williams eventually gave the necessary notice of motion. vim/

===== 0002601_19030102_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the above authority was held on Tuesday at Dutton. Present:—Messrs. J. Stokes (in the chair), A. R. Norman, T. Wood, the members of the Rural District Council with Messrs. G. F. Ashton (cle-rk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), J. Cunnah (master), T.Cooke, J. Riley, De Prez (relieving officers).

WAR OFFICE PENSIONS,

The Clerk said that with respect to the war office pensions being paid weekly or quarterly he had heard from the relieving officers from Budworth and Run- corn. There were no such cases on their books where it would be advisable to apply that the pension be paid weekly. There was one case in the Frod.shani district where it would be advisable to apply.. THE PROPOSED. ALTERATION OF THE MEETING DAY.

Mr.. Baxter said that the committee appointed to consider the proposed alt ration of the Council meet- ing day had met that morning. At a previous meeting the clerk had been instructed to draw up a scheme. It was unanimously recognised that something should be done. Daring next week the scheme would be submitt?d to the members and at the next meeting it could be fully discussed. lje moved the adoption of the report. Mr. Wrightseconded and the trpdrt was approved. OUT RF. LIE F, ___ _ _

The out relief was as follows :.-Runcorn £B5; Prod- sham, £22; Budworth £29.

THE ANNUAL TREAT TO THE INMATES.

The Ladies Visiting Committee decided to give their annual treat to the•inmates on Thursday.lsth January 1903. A concert would afterwards be held.

Mr. Mosely Williams said that he had received a tele- gram from the chairwomqn of the committee inviting the Guardians and the officials to be present.

THE HOUSE.

Mr. Mosely Williams said that the beds were all full up. There was a slight decrease of the inmates but an increase Of the men.

CUR ISTMAS DAY AT THE WORKHOUSE.

At a meeting of the House Committee on Tuesday morning it was reported that on CitristnutslDay the children rendered a selection of carols in the corridors early in the mornirg and service was held in the chapel at 9.15 a.m. Th 9 chapel, dining hall and wards had been suitably decorated. The dinner and tea provided by the Guardiars and supplemented by friends were much enjoyed and appteciated to the utmost. 'lt was arranged to give the inmates a meat tea. with buns, fruit, &c.. on New Year's Day, a special feature of the treat being FOoD. ROBINSON'S Patent BARIAY, BAB( KB' tenon. ith milk. forms a Pptendid BABIBB F OD. toed for 1341,te , the Petent I+4IORS' FOOD. Batley aelsig as 4 digestive BARNS' VO9 of the milk Pahles oannot Be.BIBS' FOOD digest cow's milk alone

===== 0002601_19030102_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

A RUNCORN MYSTERY SOLVED.

n Wednesday morning the body of Sylvanus Walker. aged twenty-six, salt-boiler, of Percival-lane, Runcorn, floated in one of the locks of the Bridgewoter Canal. Deceased had been missing for a month, and the canal had been dragged without result.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTHER'S MADNESS AT RUNCORN.

At noon on Thursday a tragic affair occurred on the Bridgewater Canal at Runcorn. A woman named Done, wife of William Done, chemical labourer, Penketh-lane, -jumped into the canal with a twelve months' baby in her arms. She was observed by Joseph Harrison,of Tar- buck. Widnes. an employ 6 of the Postal Telegraphs,who promptly jumpA into the water,and, assisted by George Hamer, a boatman, rescued both mother and child. The worirm was taken home, and is apparently little the worse for her immersion.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
R UNCORN LIBERAL CLUB SOC FAL.

There was an excellent and enjoyable social at the Runcorn Liberal Club last Friday evening. The attend- ance was large, and an entertainment arranged by Mr. \V. A. Miflinger gave the most complete satisfaction. Songs and violin and mandoline solos were contributed by Messrs. T. Kay, Dutton, Joyce, W. Mißinger, F. Williams. J. Stanway, and Master Brirnelow. These were followed by the presentation of an amusing sketch entitled "A mock trial by jury," in which the characters were admirably portrayed by Messrs. E. R. Pearson, J. Joyce, T. Saunders, T. Ackers, F. Gresty, Strange, \V. A. Mißinger, lunl C. F. Kniveton. TRINITY PRIMITIVE METHODIST SUNDAY _SCHOOL.

In connection with the above Sunday School the annual Christmas tree and sale of work was held on Boxing Day at Waterloo-road, Widnes. There was a good attendance at the openinr, ceremony, which was performed, in the absence of Mgrs. Sadler, by Mrs. Had- field, of Kingsley. The Bev. W. E. Lead, of Market Drayton, presided, and was supported by the Revs. J. W. Waddell (Widnes), J. fla-liAd (Kingsley)' T. A. Brady (Skelmersdale), and A. i (Widnes). Business was very brisk throughout :ale, and as a result of the effort the sum of was suzeci, which will be devoted to the building fund. MOTOR-CAR ACCIDENT AT RUNCORN._

An exciting accident occurred in flalton-road, Runcorn; at noon on Wednesday. A motor-car driven by Mr, Carter, of Great Budworth near Northwich, who was accompanied by his mother collided withla coal lorry belonging to Mr Baker. The two vehicles became jammed, and Mrs. Carter was thrown; from the car against the boundary wall of the road. She was attended by Dr. Carruthers. She is suffering from an injury to the shoulder and shock. Afterwards she was able to resume her journey to Parr's Bank, Runcorn, where her son is manager. The motor-car was damaged.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S YOUNG MEN'S CLASS,

The members of St. Paul's Young Men's Society Clas had their annual social gathering on Friday evening in Brunswick Schoolroom, which had been charmingly decorated for the occasion by-Mr. G. A. Hayes, assiste:, by the members of the clit.ss. A seasonable repast wit" provided for the members and their lady friends,by Mrss J. Lloyd. Mr. Lloyd, the leader, presided afterwards, and '.as accompanied by the past leader, Mr. J. Nan - corns. Speeches were delivered by these gentlemen and by Messrs. J. D. Bisbrown and W. A. Unsworth, former members and now students for the Wesleyan ministry. A musical entertainment was provided by Messrs. T. Withington, J. W. Leathwood. and J. Barker, and the rest of the evening was spent in games. The M.C.'s were Messrs. H. Dodd and H. Pendlebury, and Mr. NV. Coventry, satisfactorily discharged the secre- tarial duties. CHRISTMAS TREE SALE AT RUNCONS.

Last Friday a Christmas tree sale was held in aid of the rryiv church building fund, which is being raised by the worshippers at St. John's Presbyterian Church, RUM- corn. Mr. Harrop in the guise of Father Christmas, opened the proceedings. The following had charge of the trees :—Gentlemen's tree, Messrs. T. P. Baxter (secretary), A. Robinson (treasurer), M. Thomas, J. Robinson, T, Faulkner, T. Deakin, and Burn. Ladies tree, Miss P. Warburton (secretary), Mrs. Gore (trea- surer), Miss C. Pritchard, and Miss Pritchard, and Mesdames Baxter and Morris. Children's tree and grotto, Mrs. Leech, the Misses Harrop, Barnes, M. Kelly, Daisy and Winnie Harrop, E. Thomas, and Masters F. Robinson and A. Shaw. Mrs. Jones, Mrs. Moston, Mrs. Parr, Mrs. Robinson, Mrs. Temperley, Mrs. Carter, and the Misses Moston, Evans, Outhwaite, Marian and Annie Jones and Watson presidedat the refreshment stall. Messrs. W. Hatrop and E. Moughfleld had charge of the shooting galleries, and concerts were given by a number of the ladles and gentlemen. The result of the effort should be a substantial addition to the new church fund. PUGILISTIC POLES AT WIDNES.

Two Poles, William Smith and Joseph Kolita, and a Polish woman named Jennie Miller, were brought Up at Widnes Police Court on Monday on remand, charged with unlawfully and maliciously wounding another Pole named Joseph Kutchlanski, with intent to do him grevious bodily harm. It appears that the injured mcm lodged with a man named Wasalouski, at 13, Cromwell-street, and along with others were keeping up Christmas. The three prisoners joined in, although strangers, and shared in the drinking. Kolita quarrelled with the injured man, and adjourned into the street to fight it out. Mrs. Miller brought out a poker, and joined in the melee. Kolita seized the weapon from her, and dealt his opponent several blows on the head, causing blood to flow freely. Smith also struck Kutchlauski a heavy blow on the head. Ho was carried into the house, and attended by Dr. Hatahinson, who found several wounds on the head and One on the forehead. Dr. Hutchinson, in his evidence, said his patient was toe( weak to leave the hospital, and it would be Monday next before he would b 3 able to appear. Snperintendent Keighley asked for a remand for a week, which was granted. Thewoman Miller was allowed out on bail in two sums of £lO, the men being detained in custody.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES.

[Br A CORRESPONDENT].

Smallpox has actually passed through Runcorn and district. At St.Helers a' man, suffcling from this dread- ful disease, was found to have lived for a day or two at Weston. Happily the officials dealt with the case with decision and vigour. Thanks to those connected with the Urban Council and the Rural Council all the persons who C 91113 in contact:with the diseased individual Fave been vaccinated, the clothes and 'bedding destroyed, and the hospital put into a state ofreadiness to cope with any outbreak.

At the next meeting we shall bgs acquainted with the scheme of the committee appointed to consider the alteration of the day for the Council meeting. Tbere appears to be a unanimous feeling in favour of an alter- ation of the day for the Council. There appe Ars to he a uuanimous feeling,in favour of en alteration of the time of meeting though no one seems willing to put in an extra day at the Workhouse, noteven to tiansact public business. No doubt the scheme will go as far as possible and will solve what is at present a real difficulty.

There is every reason to believe that Christm-s day at the workhouse was spent in right royal fashion by the imrates. Thanks to the generosity of several )arge hearted rrsons the day was made, if not into a "feast of reason and a flow of soul," at least into asifmerry and l-lppy a time as possible. Mr. Samuel Tay)or. in his usual bountiful manner, distributed to Over 200 persons a himdredweight of coal each, while Mr. James Taylor an old member of the Board, sent £5 for the inmates of the "House."

The annual report of the Savings Bank forms interest-

===== 0002601_19030102_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
YESTERDAY'S FOOTBALL. Northern Rugby League.

SWINTON v. SALFORD.—At Swinton. Result, 2 tries each.

BROUGHTON RANGERS V. WIGAN.—At Wigan. A draw of 13 p_ointsvach. HULL V. HUDDERSFIELD.--At Hull. Hull, 17 points, Huddersfield 5 points. WIDNES V. OLDHAM.—At Widnes. Oldham won by points to 2 points. BRIGHOUSE V. HALLEAX.—At Brighouse. Halifax won by 10 points to nil. ST. HELENS V. BATLEY.—At St. Helens, the home team winning by 7 points to 5 points.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SAVINGS BANK. Annual Meeting.

The annual meeting of the trustees and managers, of the Rnncom Savings Bank was held on Tuesday Mr. E. Imison presiding. Present Messrs. NV. Fisher, NV. Hankinson, J. Pritchard, J. Sommerfleld, J. Pennington, W. Sutton, J. Lea, W. Handley (actuary), C. Handley, (assistant actuary). Letters of regret for absence were read from Messrs. T. Wright, J. Barton, J. M. Frith, A. R. Norman, and J. R. Frith. THE REPORT.-SATISFACTORY PROGRESS. _

The Actuary produced the ceraficate of the National Debt Commissioners, the treasurers bank book and the auditors report which showed that the books were well and worthily kept, clearly showing the amount due to each depositor. The Actuary then presented the 60th annual report,in which he said :—"The bank continues to maintain its position and to make steady progress. The amount standing to the credit of depositors at the close of the year was £42,324 3a. 4d. as compared with £41,536 3s. id. at the close of 1901 an increase of £7BB Os. 3d. The amount of consol stock held for depositors and for which they hold ceitificates direct from the National Debt Commissioners was of the nominal value of 26,475. Adding to the ledger balance the present value of con- sol stock at 93 per cent. £6,021 155., gives a total of £48,345 18s. 4d., as the total aggregate of depositors in- vestments. The separate transactions over the counter have numbered 4,065 as follows ;-2,670 individual de- posits, £12,215 2s. Bd.; 1,212 individual withdrawals, £11,6i5 Bs. 5d.;.11 purchases of consol stock, £1,211 13s. ; 5 sales of stock p-zoducing, 230785. id.; 167 stock dividends credited to depositors £159 2s. 4d., a total turnover of £25,547 14s. 6d. A satisfactory feature of the year's working, to some extent showing the grow- ing improvement of trade and employment in the town and district is the fact that the amount withdrawn has been less by £2,630 Is. id. than in the previous year. The lowprice of consol stock induced several depositors to invest in these securities, and at the close of the bank year the amount held showed an in- crease in nominal value of £975. To the depositors accounts has been added the sum of -1 £1,131 10s. 11d. inclusive of dividends on I stock, being an increase of £23 7s. 9d., as compared with 1901. As previously stated the amount owing to de- positors on November 20th last was £l2, 324 3s. 4d., to meet which the National Debt Commissioners as certi- fied by them held £42,231 ss. 5d., and there was in the treasurer's hands as shown by the Bank pass book and certified by him £259 10s. 9d., which together showed a surplus over all debts and liabilities of £166 12s. 10d., an increase over last year of £9 19s. 10d. The auditors have throughout the year kept up a continuous audit. They have also compared a large number of depositors books with the Bank ledger for which purpose they specially attand each thee the Bank is open in the month of February. Their certificate as to their audit and the correctness of the accounts is also submitted for yolir information. The inspector appoint- ed under the Savings Bank Act has made two audits' one in the early part of the year and the second in the late autumn, and expressed himself as satisfied with and approving of the management of the Bank. The number of open accounts, exclusive of consol stockart the close of the year was 1.211, being practically the same num- ber as that at the close of the year. As all the funds of the Bank excepting the small !amount necessary to be kept in hand by the treasurer for current needs are invested with the Committee for the Reduction of the National Debt, in accordance with the requirements of the Government, and thus give an absolutely safe Secur- ity, the number of accounts should be considerably larger. It is to be hoped that, specially in the case of children and our growing youthful population, the facilities for small savings afforded by the Bank may induce an increase in their number and thus encourage by the saving of small sums the main object aimed at by savings banks, i.e.' the development of habits of thrift and providence. The Chairman moved the adoption of the report and the re-app)intment of the auditors Messrs. W. William- son,J. H, Salkeld, C. Pownall and W. B. Kay. He said I that he always regretted that the Chairman's speech , followed the report instead of preceding it, because ' , the report contained all that need be said about the bank's business during the past year. It was always ex- haustively drawn up and told exactly how the affairs of the bank stood, leaving nothing for the Chairman to say They all would endorse the last sentence of the report where the hope was expressed that the children would take advantage of the facilities offered •by the bank. The most pramising feature of the bank work wee that it inculcated habits of thrift in the youth of the district. When people got into old age, habits were formed and ninny of them had got into thriftless' ways. It was then too late to form new habits of thrift. But when ' they started with the youthful mind they started with a clean sheet and there was some hope in talking to chil- dren whei words might have a beneficial influence. He did not think any work done at the present time in the encouragement of thrift, could be compared with that done while the children were in school. It was a matter for congratulation that in practically every elementary school in the town a bank was formed where they could deposit their weekly savings. The misfor- tune was that after they had left school many of the children did not continue in thrifty habits and it was then that a bank—such as the savings bank—came in exceedingly useful, with the advice such as Mr. Handley incorporated with his report. Many childrenafter leaving school discontinued their thrifty habits and the Savings Bank was really instituted to take the place of the school bank. If children could be induced after leaving school to open an account in the bank there was no doubt but it would benefit them, make them better citizens and render them grateful to the bank the whole of their lives. He thanked the auditors for their labours, and Mr. Handley, actuary, for the manner in which he had conducted the affairs of the bank. He considered the report was highly satis- factory. It showed there was an increase in the num- ber of transactions, that the bank had made progress and was in a stronger financial position than before. If every depositor asked for the return of his money— which was highly improbable—the bank would have a surplus of some £2OO to dispose of. He moved the adoption of the report. Mr. Fisher seconded.

Mr. 3. Pritchard supported, remacking that it was one of the oldest useful institution S in the town, this being the bank's diamond jubilee. Mr. Hankimon also spoke.

The report wasunanimously adopted. The. Actuary said that acting on the advice of the Inspector of Savings Banks, the Bank had discontinued charging for the pass books, which involved a slight additional expenditure.

PURCHASE OF A SAFE.

The Chairman, Mr. J. M. Frith, and the Actuary were instructed to procure a safe for the Bank. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meet- ing.

CRAWFORD'S

y I_4OTHIAN"

SHO RT 13 READ

===== 0002601_19030102_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. Extensions at the Workhouse.

A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday morning. Dr. Patterson presided and there were also present: Mrs. Clay, Rev. T. R. Matthews, Rev. Father Wilson, Dr, Murray, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, S. Davies, J. Payton, T. H. Ashcroft, J. Backhouse, J. Robinson' J. Turton, William Houghton, G. Pilling, A. Brooks, G. Mather, R.Forshaw, A. Jolley, J. Ball, T.Ritchie, E. L. Bent, J. C. Sutton, (clerk), H. Sutton (assistant clerk), F. Gate (master) William Owen (architect), W. Antrobus (assistant at the schools). THE INMATES BEHAVED THEMSELVES.

Mr. GATE reported that the usual treat to the in- mates was given on Christmas Day, aid he was pleased to report that the inmates behaved themselves in a very satisfactory manner. (Hear, hear.) The SUPERINTENDECT of the Padgate Schools also re- ported upon the treat in that institution. The children, ha said, spent a very pleasant time.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
PRGI3ATIONER NURSE

A letter from the Local Government Board was read approving of the appointment of Miss Annie Read as probationer nurse._

OUTDOOR RELIEF REGULATION ORDER.

The CLERK read a letter he had received from the Clerk to the Preston Union with reference to the "Out- door Relief Regulation Order." The Clerk intimated that he had replied to the effect that the Orderhad not been in force in the Warrington Union for over 22 years.

EMPLOYMENT WANTED DURING PERIODS OF

BAD TRADE. LETTER FROM THE TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL.

The CLERK read a. letter from the Secretary of the Warrington Trades and Labour Coi.'ncil forwarding a copy of the resolution which had been passed by the Council, namely :—" Thlt the Secretary write to the Board of Guardians calling upon them to make pros sion to obviate the hardship entailed upon the working cliwses during the periods of had trade.' The CLERK intimated that he had repliedto the lett,er to the effect that the powers of the:Board were limited and that it was not desirable that the" Outdoor Relief Regulaaon Order,' should be put in force in the Union unless it was found to be absolutely necessary, and ad- vising the Trades and Labour Coancil to refer to the local governing bodies of the parishes of the Union to see if work could be found on reasonable payment of wages during the want of work. He added that in in- dividual cases application must be made-to the relieving officer of the district.

Mr. E. L. BENT: They want the full price for their labour.

Mr. PILLING : I think we have done quite sufficient. The CHAIRMAN: We can leave the matter in the hands of the relieving officers. The subject then dropped. THE TREATMENT OF SANE EPILEPTICS. REPORT BY MR. A. J. JOLLEY.

Mr. A. J. JOLLEY presented the following report with respect to the meeting attended by him upon thesubject of the provision of a hospital for sane epileptics :—"On December sth, 1902, I attended the adiourned meeting of the committee at the library of the Society of Chart- ered accountants, Manchester. A scheme for providing a colony in the Ribble Valley for the treatment of pauper sane epileptics chargeable to the various Lanca- shire Unions had been drawn up by Messrs. Ruddle and Bygrave' of Blackburn, and printed copies of it had been supplied to the representatives. No further explanation was deemed necessary, and the Chairman asked for expres- sions of opilion upon it. The representatives of the Gars- tang Union said that this Board would not enter into the proposed combination of unions, though he was very desirous that something should be done to improve the lot of the pauper epileptics. I pointed out that in one respect the proposals of the scheme were impraotible in view of the term of the Poor Law Act, Of 1879, and that if a combination of uaions were to be formed some.basis of apportionment of the initial cost would have to be found, and that there was here a serious, though not an insurmountable, difficulty, I further urged that Mr. Ruddle's scheme was too costly both in respect of capital and of mainteaance charges, a view which was guardedly supported by Dr. Rhodes, whose intimate knowledge of the subject as awhole and of the pra7,lical measures now being taken by the Chorlton and Man- chester Guardians for the treatment of the feeble minded poor, were of great service to the committee. • The difficulty in respect of initial cost was flu her empha- sized by Mr. Jenner Pest and Mr. Leach, of Rochdale. it was et ;dent that neither Mr. Bygrave nor Mr. Ruddle had fully realised the legal and practical difficulties in the way of providing the necessary capital for estab- lishing such a colony as had been proposed. It was at length agreed to appoint a committee of six to further consider the whole question, with a view to ascerta;n- ing whether it would be possible to combine with Manchester and Choflton or to provide a less costl3 institution than had been proposed by Mr. Ruddle." On the motion of Mr. MATHER, seconded by Mr. BENT, a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Jolley for his repot t.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEWTON RELIEF OFFICES.

A report was presented by the Committee appointed to consider the terms of occupation by Mr. Bowes of the occupation of the dwelligg-house at the new relief offices at Earlestown. After inspecting the premises occupied as a dwellitig-house by Mr. Bowes,as well as the office generally, the Committee proceeded to con- sider the sum which might equitably be debited against, him for rent of house, share of office rent for registra- tion purposes, rates on hoase and share of costs of fuel and lighting and water; and after crediting him with the probable cost of cleaning the premises, are of opinion that a payment by Mr. Bowes at the rate of £26 per annum would be equitable. Mr. BOWES wrote that upon examination. he found that itthe recommendation of the committee were con- firmed,he should be at a loss of £l6 annually, or in other Words £1.6 worse oft than he was heretofore. He couid not believe that the Board wished to saddle him with this expense every year. He had been led to understand that any suggestion of his being worse off financially was beyond the pale of serious consideration. His one desire in the matter was to be no worse off than heretofore, and if he were allowed to express an opinion he should say that this he honestly had a right to expect. The CHAIRMAN moved that the recommendation be approved. Mr. A. .T. JOLLEY seconded, and gave the detailed figures which led to the committee's recommendction. Mr. ASHCROFT thought the Board had made a mis- take in building a dwelling house in connection with the offices. Mr. Bowes had better accommodation at the new premises and he thought the recommendation ,1 of the committee a reasonable one. The Rev. T. H. MATTHEWS said he had no wish to ' question the figures they had listened to,but he thought it was tmfair for the Board to reduce Mr. Bowes in- come by so much as he had stated. There was no legal necessity why Mr. Bowes should occupy the house at the offices. His former house suited him and it was unfair for the Board to mulct him in a sum of £26 per year. Mr. FORSHAW asked whether £26 per year would clear Mr. Bowes of rent, light, fuel and water?

The CHAIRMAN: Yes. - The Rev. J. R. MATTHNWS It did not cost him that much before. .

Mr. E. L. BET: I think he has got a very cheap house, Mr. BROOKS supported the recommendation of the committee, and pointed out that a small house Was not a fit place for such an important officer as the relieving officer and registrar. The Board had hitherto tolerated Mr. Bowes doing business for them under circumstances that were inadequate. • Mr. RITCHIE thought the Board had an excellent officer in Mr. Bowes and he believed they were over- charging him in fixing rent &.c at £26 per annum. On a vote being taken the committee's recommenda- tion was approved, the Rev. T. R, Matthews and 'AI r. Ritchie voting against it.

INDEPENDENT On DER OF _RECIFIABITES.-TENT OPENED

AT HA YDOCK.

A new juvenile tent was opened in the Primitive Methodist Schoolroom, HaydOck, on Wednesday by the D.S.J.T. Bro. Wright, assisted by I3ro. T. Massey, D.S., :Ind Bro. J. Hill. . Fourteen juveniles were initiated and ane officer duly elected and installed, and the tent oeclared opened. There is every prospect of a good and dtrong branch of the Order being developed in this socality. Brethren Roberts, Charles and Hanson, were Ilected Juvenile Superintendents, and Bro. Nicholson, euvenile Secretary.

IMPORI ANT TO FARMERS &c: BWOD _ AND BONE IVIANUREC.

!AMMER 2 TO 2, AsmoNT-A-2i TO 3, PHOSPHATE 10 20 12. PRICE £2 15. PER TON. S. PE IR TON CASH DISCOUNT, AT YA.I.D, OR FREE ON RA.lix, SPECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. NITROGEN TO 4, AMMONIA 4To 41-, PHOSPHATE 13 TO 15. PRICE £4 2s. 6n. PER TON, 7e, Go. PER TON CASII DISCOUNT—AT YARD OR

FRISH ON RAILS, FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY

JAMES TOOLE, LICEN,zED HORSE SLAUGHTERER. ALLEN STREIa, WAhRINGTON. Tolephone No 222.

Telegrams Toole. Warrington.

swsus FON THE CHILDREN. sEcaErAmma AND COMMITTEES 07 SCHOOLS CAN BE SUPPLIED WITH THE BEST OF EVERYTHING CHOCOLATE AND GNNERAL CONFIICTIONBBY FOR STALLS AND SCHOOL TRHAT,S, to. CALL AND INSPECT OUR STOCK OR SEND FOB OUR

D'

_REPRESENTATIVE.

J. LYTHGOR & CO., SANSEY-STREEr, WARRINGTON

COLLtS BROWNS:: OffLORODYfill.

THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to. be the moat wouderfal and valuable remedy ever die sovered.

OHLORODYNg is tbe beet remedy known for Coughs. Consumption. Bronchitis and Asthma. 011.LORODYNE effectually checks and arrests VI those too often fatal diseases—Diphtheria, Fever. group. Ague.

OtitAiRODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhcea kJ and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentery. CIkILORODYNb.; effectually cuts short all attacks 'kJ of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation, and Spasms. e HLORODYNIL is the only palliative in Neural- ) gia, Rheumatism, fiout, Cancer. Toothache, Meniagitie, /to.

From Dr. B. J. BOULTON AND Co., liorncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and irom whstever cause. It induces a feeling cf comfort and quietude rot abtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to posses this great advantage over all other sedative; that it leaves no unpleasant after effect s.

Reel Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's donsul as Manilla to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNR."--See Lancet. let December. 18114.

CAINION.—BEWARE lA` l'lrEtaY AND IMITA- TIONS.

CaCITIOIC—Vtoe-Ohaneellor trW. Paex WOOD stated tat Or. I. Comae Bnowsx was, an loubtedly. the inventor ct 4JoiLOIIOMCNA " nud Gnat Gne story of the siefencimat tizEMAN, Was deliberately untrue. cruieti t r4Lre tted to y bad been swora Ini7, L. soid in bottles at Is. ,4. .i., 4,11 Is. Si None is twine wittiont the w”. 3.6 J 11.1 ) LOROOIOIII "on ths it 4.n Mecliel testimony a 1.30zn0 tate3 3.v11

J. A. MORRISON, LATE STARKEY AND MORRISON), DEED MERCHANT.

APPLY FOR CATALOGUE OF

VEG ETABLE, FLOWER, & FARM SEEDS, POST FEES ON APPLICATION. GOLDEN OUA. RE WARR GTON.

ej OS EPII OUD W AR D, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BEWSEY-STILEIBT, WARIitNGTf3N

Repairs to Property punctually attended to.

(MO. W KLGEir AND SONS, LTD.,

DYERS AND CLEANERS, MANCRESTRIL

BY SPECIAL ROYAL ,I°l4t TO HIS wAERANT ' MAJESTY THE A.PPOINTNIENT ;‘, --^A • KING.

AND ALSO TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS, THE PRINCE

OF WALES. dA.VE THE HONOUR TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED NEW PREMISES, OCA, HORSEMARK ET STREET,

===== 0002601_19030102_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

SU.N INSURANCE OFFICE FOUNDBP 1710.

SUM INSURRD ExCr:EDB £4801000,00C.

For all particulars apply to the following Agents : firABRIDIGTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son Bridge-st Messrs. Woods & bon, Commercial Chambers 65, liorsenaarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Voisey, 21, King-street Mr. It. Lowe.l. Bank-street

YOU CAN EAT ANYTHING YOU LIKE, IF YOU TAKE

LL. E It'e DYSPEPSIA

TABLETS,

(ONE AFTER EACH MEAL.) BE SUER lOU GET A BOX AND HAND

THEN ROUND THE TABLE.

71D PER BOX FROM H. "AUER,

CHEMIST,

77A BRIDGE STREET,

v ARRINGTON.

COAIE TO SMITH'S, IN MANCHICiTER, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, and

83, PICCADILLY, for .p lANOS AND FAIR TREATMENT AND YOU'LL GRT BOTH. STRAIGHTFORWARD 131F•INRBO

makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- macy, even in Piano selling. Plain. clean. honest methods are what the public " tle to," and these you always find here. To be spoken of as a house where tve-ybody la dealt with in absolute fairness —to setve you faithfully—to please, you always— these are our ambitious. THJAkili'd ONLY O&M

PIANO-SMITH IN NIANCRESTER. Bend to SMITH for CATALOGUE, Post Pr.e. PRICRS 4.ND Maas WILL ASTONISH YOU. PIANOS frora 10s. 6d. MONTHLY ORGANS ~ 65._0d. TILL PAID FOR. J

Livery Instrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to any tart of England or Wales. Return Railimy Fere allowed to country customers. Old Instruments taken in exchange YOUR MONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY.

lAMBS MAY BM BAD. rut this is no reason why you should buy rubbish; 1 hsve been here 20 years, tu.d Ay goods are welt kiwwn for 60 miles round, and my Showrooms are lull of goods at all prices. Go in for a good artiele. and you will always be satisfted ; and it ever you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very small sum you will get your money b.sek again on rhinos 0 suPPliAlgebciDbyati7l7:CinA.DlLLY, MANCREISTBR. ,z miTil 34. 88, d 179, OXFORD-ROAD. FIRST-CLASS TUBERS SlitlT TO ALL PAUTS. BRASCHIIS AT LEIGH': 35, bailway-road. ST. RELIiN6 : 99, Corporation-street.

PAPER RULED TO ANY PATTERN SPECIALITY :

M M OTH POSTERS. M AMM 01 ti POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. M A SLMOTH POSTBUS. M voMOTH POSTRRS. M t MMOTH POSTERS. AMM OM POSTERS. MAMmOTH P 061% JOHN NV (JO.WALKER EXAMINER OFFICE,

A esPECIA.LITY. LARGIG TYP.I3. FOR THE MOST STRIKING POSTIIR Produced In the Count).

BEWSEY STREET. W ARRINGTON

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES May be Inspected and Hstitnaten obtained JOHN W ALKICH

EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A.4jM

===== 0002601_19030102_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
. , . \ 4044aL ; , . ' , , . . _.„„„,.;ailiftlailligar.,-........ ......1........................-.-- _......in 1...i..dia5id....,.......--- - --- • --_

4JOMMIO

===== 0002601_19030102_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA INCREASING.

The Influenza Epidemic is again spreading over the Country. The visitation is of a very prostrating nature, and the disease is certainly on the increase. The origm of the disease or rather the circumstances which bring it about is as much a mystery as ever. You cannot trifle with Influenza. It undermines the Nervous System to a greater extent than almost any other disease, and it is Pneumonia that kills, and Pneumonia strikes the man who imagines he has only a mild form of Influenza, and can go about the street just asusual. It can hardly •be doubted that the prevalence of Chest and Lung Complaints must be ascribed to the baneful influence of Influenza, whose after-effects so frequently take this form. It was a bad day for this Country when this malignant scourge first visited our shores. Year after year it has never since failed to revive at its due time, and to extort its tribute of human life. Having observed its ravages, and its dreadful effects upon the constitution on the occasion of its former visits, we cannot but regard its recurrence with much fear, as a great many have not yet, if they ever will,regain their tormar health. As a preventative, we know of nothing equal to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. A few strong doses taken in time have often provedeffectual in ward- ing (Al attacks of this Malady, and alwar succeed in mitigating their severity when a patient is under their influence. Do you suffer from Chills, alternating why Sudden Flushes, Severe Head-ache, accompanied bh difficulty of breathing, and symptoms or Catarrh, Pains in the Chest, under and between the shoulders, and a stiffness and soreness of the Muscles, Loss of Appetite and Nervousness. If you suffer from any of these symp- toms, know that they are the forerunners of Influenza, audit behoves you to resort at once to a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. By commen consent Patients overywhere admit that they feel more depressed and miser- able after an attack of Influenza than while under its influence, and more than they feel after an attack of any other illness. The best way to banish these miser- able feelings is to take Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. We can strongly and confidently recommend this preparation, as it has treated severe cases of Influenza. Heavy Colds. Extreme Weakness, and Langour, with greater success than any other known Remedy. We may also add that as a Remedy for Indi- gestion, Sleeplessness, Low Spirits, Nervousness. and Loss of Appetite, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters stands unequalled. It is sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d., by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or sent direct, carriage free, for the above prices, by the sole proprietors: Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Company Limited Llanelly, South Wales. Avoid imitations. See the name " Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp, and Bottle.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES

Minor Cases.

Warrington Borough Court.

SATURDAY.—Before Mr. Birchall (in the chair) Dr. Fox and Messrs Hayward and R. T. Fairclough. COWARDLY CONDUCT.--JaMeS Doherty, Bank-street was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bank- street on the previous evening and assaulting Elizabeth Ryan, Dolman's-lane.—From the evidence it appeared that the prisoner, who was very drunk and made use of disgusting language, kicked several children who had come out of the Ragged School. Mrs. Ryan remonstra- ted with him and he kicked her. P.S. Evans and P.C. Houghton came upon the scene, and prisoner was taken into custody. Two of the children who had been hurt were taken to the Infirmary, but Dr. Mort said they were not badly injured.—Prisoner was fined 10s. and nosts, the Chairman remarking that this "kicking busi- cess "was getting very common.

MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (in the chair), Alder- man Smethurst, Messrs. Birchall, Wright. Hayward,

and Thornton.

A PRISONER'S VlOLlCE.—William Mulligan, 8, Silver-street, was sentenced to a month's imprisonment for having been drunk and disorderly in Winwick-road at 3.40 on Saturday afternoon and assaulting P.C.Cooper (20).—The officer was assisting two men to take home another man who was helplessly drunk, when the prisoner interfered and made use of filthy language. He was taken into custody and commenced to be very vio- lent, kicking the constable severely. The assistance of P.C. Hayes was obtained and on the way to the lock-up, , prisoner struck P.C. Cooper in the face.—Prisoner made his fourth appearance before the magistrates during the year. MA PAUPER'S ESCAPADE—Peter Caldwell, an inmate of the Workhouse, was charged with absenting himself from that institution on Saturday and not performing the task allotted to him.—Mr. Gate, the Workhouse Master, said that on Saturday the prisoner, instead of being at work, was in town, and witness met him near the Infirmary, in a drunken condition. He was then wearing clothing which did not belong to the Board. He had evidently got over the Workhouse wall, *one to some friend's and changed his clothing in order to have a drunken" fuddle "without being recognised by the police, and afterwards put on the Workhouse clothing and returned to the House.—Prisoner made his third appearance.—The Chairman said they would send him where he would be made to work. He would be committed for a month with hard labour.

FIGHTLNG.—Patrick Moran, 15, Portland.street, and Michael Scully, 9, Dakin's-yard, were summoned for fighting on Pig Hill on December 23rd.—Moran admitted that it was his fault that the fight occurred.—Defend- ants were bound over to keep the peace, Scully in his own surety only, and Moran to find another surety in addition to his own. _ _

_ No LIGHTS.—John Hatton, butcher, Lymm, was fined 5s for not having a lighted lamp attached to a vehicle which he was driving on the night of December 22nd. A number of witnesses were called, defendant stating that the lamp was lighted when he left the lVfarket Place, and when P.C. Hamblett called his attention to the fact that it had gone out at Warrington Bridge, it was then warm.—The officer stated that defendant drove on some distance before pulling up.—Patrick McCoy and John Thompson, carters, were fined, the former 5s and costs, and the latter 2s 6d for similar offences.— McCoy did not appear. CHIMNEY ON FIRE.—A. B. Garner and Company, Sankey-street,were fined 3s 6d for allowing the chimney of their shop to be on fire.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury Petty Sessions.

TUESDAY.—Befure Messrs. W. Long (in the chair), F. Monks, H. Nield, Roger Parr, and Joseph Knowles. HORSES ILLTREATED.—George Buckley, Knutaford- road, Warrington, was summoned for having on the 12th December, at Walton, illtreated a horse by causing it to be worked whilst in an unfit state on the 12th December, and John Rutter, Hardy-street, Warrington, was charged with working the animal. P.C. Miller .fdeposed to meeting a horse and cart at Walton. The citt was filled with sand. The animal was lame and in palii.• Inspector Print (R.S.P.C.A.), said the animal was suffering from ringbone and sidebone. It was quite , unfit for work. Buckley was fined 10s. and costs and Rutter in the costs.—Thomas Ditchlield,of Grappenhall (who did not appear), was charged with a similar offence at Latchford on the 15th December. P.C. Williams said the animal, which was in an emaciated condition, had .since been destroyed. Inspector Print said the animal was completely worn out. As it had since been des- troyed the Bench decided to dismiss the case.—Peter Ackers, Cookson-street, Liverpool, was summoned for a similar offence at Daresbury on the 6th December. He did not appear, and was fined 10s. and 00StS. BREVITIES.—The following minor cases were dealt with :—Mary Howard, Queen-str.let, Warrington, for acting as a pedlar without a licence was fined in the costs; Fred Hughes, Runcorn, riding a bicycle on the footpath at Walton, to pay the costs; Joseph Dutton Australia-lane, Grappenhall, using profane language a. Grappenhall, fined 55.; Percy TUson, Higher 'Walton, riding a bicycle at Grappenhall on the 6th December at 5.10 p.m. without a light, fined 3s. 6d.; John Connell, Nicholson-street, Warrington, driving a cab at one a.m. .st Stockton Heath,without a lighted lamp attached to it, fined 55.; Frank Hamblett, driving a horse and dray at 5.40 p.m. without a light at Walton, fined ss; Samuel Done and Maud Sununers, allowing dogs to be at large without muzzle or collar, fined 3s. tid. each. IN THE WRONG COURT.—George Simcock was charged with having, on the 27th December, assaulted a neigh- bour named Andrew Kelvin at Grappenhall.—The com- plainant said he was building a wooden shed in his garden at Grappenhall at 1.30 p.m. on the day in ques- tion, when the defendant rushed through the door and said "I am going to pull this shed down." The defend- ant then—The Clerk (Mr. Henry Greenall, to the defendant): Are you going to contend that this is your land ?—Defendant ! Yes, sir.—The Clerk (to the com- plainant) : Then the case will have to go to the County Court, as the magistrates have no jurisdiction.— Defendant: But it is a question of assaulting me.—The Clerk: Not at all.—Defendant: But he had no right to assault me.—The Clerk: You can recover damages; if you have been assaulted you can get damages.—The case was dismissed.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Petty Sessions.

MoNDAv.—Before Messrs. E Imison (in the chair) and S. Taylor. TRANSFERS.—George Augustus Gardener McDer- mott, was granted the transfer of the licence Of the 'Devonshire Hotel," Ashridge-street, from John Henry Lloyd.—William Faulker was granted the transfer of the licence of the "Bull's Head," Halton-road from Thomas Richardson.—George Wood was granted the transfer of the licence of the '`Union Vaults " Union- street, lately occupied by William Faulkner. RIDING WITHOUT A LlGHT.—Joseph Berry, Witton- street, Northwich, was summoned for riding a vehicle without a light.—P.C. Proctor said that at 11 p.m. on the 14th December he was on the Chester-road when he saw the defendant who had no light in his lamp nor any candle in it.—Defendant was fined ss. and Bs. 6d. costs or in default 14 days. A FEMALE WINDOW SMASHER.—For being drunk and disorderly in Poole Lane, Mary Ellen Rose, on the .evidence of Superintendent Ennion, was fined lOs in-

uding costs.—lt was stated that in a drunken freak he bad smashed fifteen panes of glass. EATING CHIP POTATOES AFTER ELEVEN O'CLOCK.— Thomas Ashcroft, High-street, was summoned for keep- ing his refreshment house open after the hour of 11 p.m. on the 20th December.—Superintendent Ennion said that on the date mentioned he and P.C. Edwards after 11 o'clock saw a light in the defendant's chip potatoe shop, in the theatre whit, and on obtaining admittance found eight men eating chips in the shop. The defendant said to the Superintendent he did not want his chips to be wasted fter they had been cooked.—John Donnellan excise officer proved that Ashcroft held a licence authorising him to close his house at.ll p.m.—Ashcroft, who did not appear was fined £1 including costs or in default fourteen days. A BAREFACED THEFT.-At the RWICOM Police Court on Saturday before Messrs. W. Timmins (in the chair) and Samuel Taylor, a young married woman named Sarah Hughes was summoned for wilfully stealing a suit of clothes valued at £2 2s. belonging to Ellen Morris on Saturday.—The evidence showed that the prisoner went to Samuel Dodds, pawnbroker, on the date in question and after transacting her business picked up a suit of clothes belonging to Mrs. Morris, just redeemed. The prisoner afterwards pledged the coat at Edwin Imison's,pawnbroker, returning to Dodds with the trousers and vest, where she was arrested by P.C. Davies.—Prisoner swore she picked up the suit by mistake.—The bench said the theft was a serious one.— She would be fined £1 or in default fourteen days.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
COUGHS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, & CHILDREN'S COUGHS.

THEIR COMMON SENSE TREATMENT. BY VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE stops an ordinary cough in one night. It does not merely smother a cough as the old-fashioned mixtures do, but cuts the phlegm, brings it away easily, clears the air passages and protects the lungs; the cough then stops naturally. It is a scientific remedy endorsed by Medical men vastly superior to ordinary cough mixtures or any of the emulsions, Thousands of sufferers in Great Britain have been cured after having been turned out of hospi- tals. It has an enormous sale because of its superior virtue in all cases of Chronic cough, bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, influenza, and especially children's coughs. Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE, IS lid and 2s 9d at chemists and medicine vendors everywhere. A valu- able book on chest diseases accompanies each bottle.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
MAGAZINE CUTTINGS.

Impressions of England.

No country has been more sympathetic to me than England, and in spite of the coldness of which the English are accused I have no cause to complain of any want of warmth in my receptions. The English too are faithful in their attachments, and once they discover power in an artist they are true to their admiration for this power, and speaking from my own experience,Eng- land always seems with regard to me to exhibit the perfect entente eordtale between the French and English which the Society of that name strives to express, and at whose soiree I assisted in London. Nothing is more touching than the proud and ardent affection of the English for Shakespeare. . . "Shakespeare is often' felt to be the invisible and latent link between us and other lands," said a well-known, Englishman to me one day, and I think that this superior man was right. It is sad, very sad to have to say that the Latin races are those who have the least love for the theatre, and it may be due to the indisputable fact that these same races are struggling against decadence.—From "The Moral Influence of the Theatre," by Madame Bernhardt in the" Cornhill Magazine."

===== 0002601_19030102_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Destroyers of Destroyers.

The "scout': is an entirely new class of warship. The Admiralty decided not to initiate a design, but to in- vite the private ship-builders to give the Navy the benefit of their creative ingenuity by submitting de- signs to fulfil certain stated conditions. The four "scouts" provided for,in the Navy Estimates of the current financial year are to be built by the Fairfield Company, Messrs. Armstrong, Whitworth and Co., Messrs. Laird Brothers, and Messrs. Vickers, Sons, and Maxim. We gather that they are to be vessels of 3,000 tons displacement, of 25 knots speed, and are to possess good sea-going qualities. Such small ships as these should find useful spheres of action in a Naval engage- ment. They will present but a small target to the enemy's gunners, and both for scouting purposes and for chasing torpedo-boat destroyers should prove their value. They have been called "destroyers, of des- troyers," and a vessel of this class was bound to come sooner or later. The next step will be to design a destroyer of destroyers of destroyers. The nine new torpedo-boat destroyers now in building are to be of the 25i-knot type and of much stronger construction than the 30-knot type. Mr. Yarrow and Messrs. Thornycroft have built 30-knot destoyers which have steamed un- aided to Japan in all conditions of weather, and it is to be regretted that the Admiralty should have, for the present at all events, given up the swifter type and none in for the slower and surer craft.—" Navy and Army.'

===== 0002601_19030102_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
The Dalai Lama in 1882.

This Being at the time of his visit was about nine years old, much the same age as the little Incarnate Buddhas seen by Manning and Hue on their respective visits. The hall at the top of the palace in which the poor little fellow sat was full of soletnn lamas, motion- less and silent as the grave, each with his eyes fixed steadily on the tip of his own nose. In the midst of this grave assemblage sat the sacred head of the Budd- hist religion, a bright, fa r-complexioned boy with rosy cheeks, large and penetrating eyes. and an Aryan type of oountenance. His frame was thin with fastings and prayers, and one cannot hell) feeling heartsick at the thought of the poor child, a mere puppet in reality though invested with so much saactity, cut off by no fault of his own from all the joys of youth, and prob- ably destined to die a violent death in his early man- hood, since the powers that be,prefer a young andhelp- less Dalai Lama. No wonder that Mending, when he had visited the Dalai Lama of his time, could think of nothing but the beautiful face of the doomed child, and that he felt his eyes full of tears.--From " In the Heart of the Forbidden Country; or, Lhasa Revealed," in the Cornhill Magazine" for January. President Castro.

One day last week I was fortunate enough to meet a personal friend of President Castro who has just returned from Venezuela. He tells me that the President is physically a very small man, of an excitable tempera- ment, but well educated, and has the eloquence of Demosthenes. From the first time Castro addressed the Chambers of Deputies his name has been asuociated with the Presidency. Apart from international inter- ests the relations between the English Consul—Mr. Haggard (who is a brother of Rider Haggard)—and the President have been for a long time or a very strained personal nature. But this is not a latter-day feature of Venezuelan diplomacy; as far back as 1881 the President and the British Consul publicly insulted one another in the streets of Caracas. I understand that President Castro also feelsaggrieved because the day on which Mr. Haggard handed the ultimatum to him was a great feast day in Venezuela. and thp President was called away from entertaining some friends in order to receive the papers."—" The King." •

===== 0002601_19030102_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
The Viceregal Rule of India.

"Lord Curzon belongs to, and brings op to present date, the line of a most remarkable dynasty of rulers,al- - all of them capable men, and some of eminent ad- ministrative ability," says Sir Edwin Arnold in a valuable article whichappears in the January "Windsor Magazine." True, the political history of the British in India begins no further back than 1629 A.D., when Thomas Day founded Fort St. George,at; Madras. We were so humble then that we paid a yearly tribute of twelve hundred pagodas to the Mogul Sultan, Aurangzeb, and surrendered Madras to a French squadron almost with- out a blow, Dupleix at that time being Governor of Poudichem. But, in truth—as I have elsewhere written—if we will trace the special river of .British Indian history to its source, it may be demonstrated that the grandeur which Lord Curzon went out to in- herit and assume,derives itself entirely from a doctor's Iprescription. In 1636 A.D. the daughter-in-law of Shah Jehan, and favourite wife of Sultan Shuja, Nawab of Bengal, who was the second son of the Great Mogul, lay sick of a malady beyond the skill of all his Mohammedan hakims. Distressed at the danger of one so fair and precious, the Nawab ealled to his aid the surgeon of the East India Company's ship Hopewell, by name Gabriel Broughton, a clever young doctor, who, although not allowed to see the beautiful face pf his royal patient, all the same effected a perfect cure. The grateful Prince asked him to name his own fee, whereupon Broughton begged for,and obtained,a firman granting permission to the East India Company to trade throughout the dominions of the great Moguls, and giving them land to build a factory, which factory has since grown up to become the stately city of Calcutta. But Clive, the young 'writer,' was awaiting his hour in India, and with his energy and indisputable genius the strange story of England in India definitely commenced. The victories of Arcot and Plessey started and estab- lished the orderly succession of Governor-Generals, as they were then called,'and Plessey, be it remembered, was not fought until 1757. In 1758,Clive was nominated first Governor of all the East India Company's settle- ments in Bengal. And after him' a line of some five- and-twenty vice-rulers has carried the British Raj through its many vicissitudes of glory and of peril."— From the January "Windsor Magazine.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
The Most Nutritious.

EPPS'S

Grateful—Comiorting. I . The death occurred on Tuesday of Mr. S. D. Waddy ' c .. -,, efal t: c , a im k„. A i K.C., formerly County Court Judge and Recorder o Sheffield. f 1111 PA 1 Breakfast—Supper.

The Examiner, Friday, January 2, 1903. AT HOME AND ABROAD.

The Costly Automobile.

It is interesting to consider the wealth of resource which goes to the making of an automobile. Nearly all the metals are required—silver for the lamp reflectors, aluminium for the body and engine, platinum for the spark points, zinc and carbon for the battery, lead for packing, tin for tubes,and copper, iron, several kinds of steel, brass and bronze for the machinery and fittings. Even gold is employed—and that in large quantities— for the purchase of the machine. Oriental potentates use this also for handle-bars and fittings, and in a few cases, costly jewels also have been requisitioned. Other necessaries are leather, asbestos, wood, glass, paper, canvas, rubber, porcelain, linen, wool and hair. And to assemble all these commodities only the most skilled workmanship will serve.—" Motoring Illustrated." The Waste of Public Money. -In the second of his trenchant articles on this all- important theme in the January "Windsor Magazine," Mr. Ernest Williams sums up :—" I have dealt at length with this Remount question because it is symptomatic and illustrative. It was all very well to adopt the line taken by Lord Morley in defending the Government in the House of Lords, when he asked: "Was it fair to assume that the revelations as to the remounts,were only lifting up a comer of the curtain which concealed the utter want of business-like administrative capacity on the part of the Government ?" and to assert that an assumption' 'was generalising in a very general and hasty way.' This will not be the public view. It is difficult to get at the facts in many matters pertaining to Government work. Ministers and officials themselves- take care of that with their policy of secrecy. But they must court publicity, and not struggle against it,if they wish the pubilc to believe that such scandals as have been discovered are the only scandals that exist. The Remount scandals do not stand alone, even among the instances of waste and lack of business which the recent war has brought to light. At the very time the Government apologists were trying to get the public to believe that the Re- mount scandal did stand alone, the facts concerning the Meat Contracts were being dragged into light—and how scandalous they were I have already related. And though I cannot hope to make a complete record of all the waste of public money which is being perpetrated, I have yet some more instances to bring to your notice. They will form cumulative and presumptive proof of 'the utter want of business-like administrative capacity on the part of the Government.' It ' br itended that these administrative

cannot Je contendeu scandals are a temporary incident. Let us accept as evidence of their persistent character Mr. Brodrick's defence against the charges arising out of the South African scandals: " I was at the War Office after the war of 'B3-34. That was a small war, only 30.000 men

being engaged in it. But there were -ten times as many scandals connected with that war as there have been with this war.'"

of some of its magnificence by the foreign having the usual autumn recess, both I:Louses Princes not being present, and many of the were called together in October, so that the Colonial troops having returned to their legislative programme of the Government homes, the King, with his Queen-Consort, might be carried through. Two great things drove to Westminster Abbey; and there he have been accomplished: the adopting of the and she—the King by the Archbishop of new Rules of Procedure and the passing of Canterbury and the Queen by the Archbishop the Education Bill. Under the rules the of York—were both crowned in the presence House now meets an hour earlier than of the peers of the realm, wearing their j formerly; a very severe check is placed upon crimson robes and 0-olden coronets, and with the heckling of Ministers, and, indeed, the all the learned, the distinguished, and the possibility of questioning them on all matters brave of the land looking on. It was a of public policy at great length, which in religious ceremony marked with great former Parliaments generally provided a lively solemnity. Those who saw it will never forget hour each day, has been cut down to a minimum. Much greater power has also been the historic occasion. Perhaps, however, greater than the interest in the Coronation of placed in the hands of the Speaker to deal the King was the human, brotherly, friendly with refractory members. sympathy everybody had with the magnificent Not since the discussion on the Home Rule courage he, fresh from a sick-bed, displayed Bill has.there been more determined opposi- in going through so arduous and impressive a tion to a Government measure than has been service. shown to the Education Bill. With its passing, THE BOER WAR AND VENEZUELA. the work of the School Boards, which have This Christmas Eve we have had no such been in existence for thirty years, is practi- cally transferred to other bodies in counties, nws as saddened the Christmas of last year— of a body of the Yeomanry being cut up by though the chief point over which dispute has the Boers at Tweefontein. The great Boer constantly waged has been the provision out Wir, which waged fiercely for close upon three of the public purse for maintenance of denomi- years, was happily brought to a termination national schools, which were in financial h.f for the Coronation, so ;that when danger, and which were, indeed, in many E lward VII. was proclaimed King of all the cases being squeezed out of existence by the BAtains he was monarch with peace in every superior equipment of - the Board Schools. part. The Nonconformists took up the attitude that When 1901 closed the power of the Boers it was unfair to take money out of the public htd been scotched but not killed. Of an purse to maintain denominational schools. a-my there was none, but several desperate The reply of the friends of the bill was that ,mmandos of from one to five hundred men the public practically got the use of the roamed the Transvaal, and by sudden attacks Church schools without eost of erection, and and then immediate flight caused serious that for the wellbeing of England it was trouble to our troops. The point of interest unwise to cease giving children what is known in the public mind was the persistent chasing as sectarian instruction. The point was one o 7 De Wet and the adroitness of that farmer- on which Churchmen and Nonconformists came g3neral, escaping every time ho was supposed into harsh conflict, and the discussions on t ) have been surrounded. Indeed, the education were waged in many cases with enthusiasm for Lord Kitchener's strategy was energetic bitterness. In many quarters it was almost equalled by the enthusiasm there was urged that Nonconformists should refuse to for the daring of this Boer—a striking example pay rates for the maintenance of schools of how the average Briton can appreciate belonging to a denomination with which they, pluck even in an enemy who is striving his themselves had no sympathy. The Govern- utmost to do him damage. ment, however, with its huge majority, It was in February that General Delarey carried the bill through, and it is now upon routed a body of our Infantry and Yeomanry the Statute-Book. and took Lord Methuen prisoner after he had been severely wounded. Reluctantly the Boers came to appreciate they were hopelessly out- numbered, and, although hot skirmishing continued, their ardour for fighting waned, and talk began as to terms of peace. Lord Kitchener gave special permission for Steyn, Botha, Delarey, De Wet, and Schalk Burger to meet at Klerksdorp. Afterwards they visited Pretoria, had conferences with Lord Kitchener, and they visited their various commandos to gain the general view as to surrender. Later on they met at Vereeniging, the result of which was that at half-past ten on Saturday night, May 31st, peace was signed on terms which amounted practically to unconditional surrender, although the British undertook to provide large sums for the reinstating of farmers in their homesteads. It was on the following day news reached England that peace was declared, and great was the excitement and jubilation all over the country. Church bells rang, crowds gathered in the streets and hurrahed, and for several days everybody owning a piece of bunting hung it from his window. In the middle of July Lord Kitchener came home. I witnessed his arrival in London, and nothing could have exceeded the outburst of enthusiasm with which this long, lanky, cold-mannered General was received. Later on we had the three famous Boer Generals—Botha, Delarey, and De Wet—with us, and the reception accorded them by the British public was one that might have been mistaken for the greeting of successful warriors instead of erstwhile enemies who had been subjected to defeat. One of the "blessings in disguise" of the Boer War was that it knit together all sections of the British Empire. A little coldness had grown up between the Mother Country and her Colonies, -but in the hour of distress the Colonies loyally jumped to our support, and no men fought more bravely for us than our kinsmen from beyond seas. Mr. Chamberlain took advantage of this by calling a conference in London of the Colonial Premiers who were visiting this country to attend the Coronation. Not much was the outcome except a very frank exchange of views, and the paving of the way before long of knitting together in closer bonds of political and commercial relationship Great Britain and her Colonies. Further, Mr. Chamberlain decided to proceed to South Africa to consider on the spot the best means of establishing a satisfactory Government in that country, and to provide for its com- mercial development. This month closes with a combined naval demonstration on the part of Greta Britain and Germany before various Venezuelan ports. For some years • British and German subjects who have had commercial transactions with Venezuela have not onlay been unable to obtain payment, but there has been a disposi- tion on the part of the Venezuelan Government to repudiate liability. Both England and Germany exhausted the resources of diplomacy in trying to obtain satisfaction, and the threat to seize harbours and customs until the money was obtained was regarded as an empty threat by the Venezuelans, because they expected that the Govemment of the United States would prevent any warlike operations in American. waters. The Washington Government, how- ever, recognised the legitimacy of the demand made by the Foreign Officesin London and Berlin, and have stood on one side without helping their brother Americans in the South.

THE POLITICS OF THE WORLD.

The principal thing as regards Great Britain in what is called "high politics" has been the alliance we have made with Japan. This is the first occasion when a great Western Power has entered into such a treaty with an Eastern nation. The announcement of the alliance was greeted with acclamation, not only because British people have a sentimental affection for the Japanese, but because the enormous stride that Japan has been making this last quarter of a century to put aside Eastern ways, so that in all current things it may rank shoulder to shoulder with Western ideas, has been appreciated, and also because we have dual interests in that part of the world not likely to conflict, and therefore the .joining of hands would probably reduce the possibility of an outbreak of war. This was the popular interpretation, though many serious students of Eastern politics have thrown grave doubts on the wisdom of the action of our Government. The Japanese are on the search for new territory which can be made into colonies to accommodate their over- crowded population, for since the Chino- Japanese War our Japanese friends have had enormous ideas of their military and naval prowess, and are, generally speaking, itching for a war with Russia, which they regard as their natural enemy. Students of the East rather fear that willy-nilly the Japanese may draw us into a conflict with Russia respecting Corea—a country with which we have com- paratively little direct interest, but one towards which both Russia and Japan cast envious P.

Russia, in her quiet manner, continues her acquisition of fresh territory. As everybody knew whose business was not in Downing- street, the much-talked-of " evacuation " of Manchuria by the Russians was never any- thing else but politically Piekwickian. Russia is in Manchuria. She is there to stay, and it is nobody's business to turn her out. Indeed, it is currently understood in diplo- matic circles that there exists a secret treaty between Russia and ourselves, that Great Britain will not interfere with the great Muscovite Power in Manchuria so long as we are given a fairly free hand in the rich and fertile Yangtze Valley. The point of conflict which we have with Russia is in regard to Persia. British influence in the north of the land of Iran has undoubtedly waned, whilst that of Russia has prospered. The Russians are keenly anxious to have a port in the Persian Gulf. Indeed, I might say they are determined on getting it. Only the declaration of war would prevent this, unless—which is far more likely, for neither oountry is desirous of plunging into a conflict —some other arrangement could be made whereby, in return for British non-intervention In allowing Russia to have a port in the Persian Gulf, Russia shall stand aside in some other matter we have in hand.

Looking the world round, there has been a marked tendency this year on the part of all great Powers to avoid the possibility of war with one another. France has cut down her Mediterranean fleet so that she would be help- less at sea in the case of an outbreak of hostilities. The bitter animosity in Germany, so rampant at the early part of the year towards ourselves, has largely disappeared. 7rermans found violent antipathy only led to the losing of British trade. Besides, we, have very common interests in Africa. Thel recent visits of the German Emperor and the King of Portugal to these shores, though probably lacking those high diplomatic reasons which have been ascribed to them by some people, certainly did tend in one direction— Great Britain and Germany are now acting in harmony, as in Venezuela, for instance. A. Cape-to-Cairo railway, running through terri- tory belonging to both Powers, will be of advantage to both. And the sale of Delagoa Bay to Britain by the Portuguese will not only give us a valuable stretch of the South African continent, but will replenish the scant *offers of the Portuguese Government.

HOME POLITICS FOR THE YEAR. The closing year will stand out as one of marked interest in politics. Lord Salisbury resigned the high place of Prime Minister, and the King called upon Mr. Balfour to take the office. Since the passing away of Mr. Gladstone Lord Salisbury has certainly been the most dignified figure in the political arena. Now that he no more concerns himself with active politics, but is spending his declining days experimenting :soi his laboratory at Hatfield—for it has always been known the Marquess has taken a much more personal interest in scientific matters than political—a commanding figure has disappeared from the House of Peers. With him gone, there practically only remains the Earl of Rosebery among their lordships as a man standing ' shoulder-high above his fellows in interest to the public. The Gilded Chamber seems the poorer for the absence of the Marquess. Tall, broad, commanding, with a scholarly though somewhat heavy countenance, Lord Salisbury's intervention in debates always raised them above humdrum commonplace, into which they were too apt to slide. There was a lofti- ness of mind, a ripeness of phrase, in his speeches which placed them in a far higher alti- tude than any others delivered for a long time in the Lords. Lord Rosebery is a more popular speaker, more dramatic, more directly m touch with the sympathies of the "man in the street," more sparkling, witty, and illuminative than his great antagonist who, until the middle of July, sat on the other side of the table. There was however, a certain majesty in Lord Salisbury's manner which always made him the more deeply interesting man. Lord Cadogan has ceased to be Lord- Lieutenant of Ireland, and although there was some expectation that the young Duke of Marl- porough would be appointed in his stead, it was the handsome Earl of Dudley to whom the high position ultimately fell. Lord Dudley has in a few months made himself most agreeable to the Irish people, not only by showing the liveliest interest in their welfare, but by taking an unofficial residence, and by making frequent tours throughout the little green isle. He has been assisted largely by his captivating wife, who was not long before she endeared herself to the Hibernians. Her recent severe illness, which for a short time took her to the doors of death, not only aroused sympathy, but demonstrated how SON she had gained possession of the affections E. the people. The Session of Parliament this year has been Inordinately lons. Instead at Parliameut

===== 0002601_19030102_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE SILENCE OF THE NIGHT. 1 Collier's Awful Visitation.

Much interest has been aroused (says the "Wrexham Advertiser ") by the thrilling story of an experience such as rarely fitlls to the lot of colliers, often as the work brings them into peril. Inquiries show the affair I to be even stranger and of more public interest than I reported. Mr. David Evans is well known in St. Martins Moors, Chirk, having lived there many years. The facts were fully stated by his wife. "On February 21 last, Mrs. .Evans began, "my hus- band went to work attlack Park Colliery, as usual. He returned from work apparently quite well, and re-: tired to bed at the usual hour. Next morning, however, my husband could not get 'out o fbed, having had a stroke of paralysis during the night. It seized him all ' down one side,and he was unable to move. In spite of the doctor's skill he had no hope of recovery. At this moment of despair we tried Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, which completely restored my husband to health." "What was it induced you to get them ?" "I had seen them spoken of in the papers, and I said 'We will try them, for if they don't cure they can't ; harm.' We bought the pills in Oswestry, and from ; lying on his back in bed, helpless and almost speech- less, I less, n four or five weeks he was able to get out of bed. Remember that up till then he had been completely paralysed on one side—as helpless as a child, and unable to do the least thing for himself. We had eleven boxes of the pills, but before he had taken them all, my husband was quite well again and able to go to work." ; No more awful affliction than paralysis exists. The ' early signs of it are shaky hands, especially in the morn- ing. loss of sensation in the limbs, coldness at the extremities, spinal weakness, uncertainty of walk, and loss of virility. If any of these symptoms are neglected, a stroke may come, and the sufferer will be crippled and In agony. Dr. Williams' pink pills have cured the worst forms of paralysis, including locomotor ataxy; their powerful bracing aotion on the spine makes them a valuable preventive. They give strength and make blood, curing anemia and consumption, and the ail- ments of both sexes rheumatism, kidney disease, indi- gestion, weakness and premature age. It is a terrible and ghastly mistake to accept substitutes in place of the genuine medicine, forsubstitutes never cured any- one, and the dread disease may make rapid strides,when the genuine pills would save the sufferer. Therefore, see ths full name, Dr. Williams' pink pills, on the wrapper. It is better to prevent than cure. Let no one risk such a terrible visitation as that which attacked the Wrexham collier in the dread silence of the night.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

Personal Mr. Bertram S. Chandley has accepted the position of engineer and manager to the St. Mary Cray Gas Company, Kent. Included in the list just published of the results of the Incorporated Accountants examinations held this month is the name of Mr: John Whiteman Welsby, of Warrington, who passed the preliminary examination. Sudden Deaths. The police have been informed of the sudden deaths of William Bate aged 52 who resided in General stree4 and Mrs. Marsh, wife of Mr. A. B. Marsh, insurance agent, 3 Rolleston-street, which took place on Monday. In each case death is supposed to have been due to heart disease.

Daresbury Sessions. At Tuesday's Daresbury Petty Sessions, the chair- man (Mr. W. Long) annonnced that owing to a change in the licensing laws, the old and tune-honoured custom of meeting._ there on the last Tuesdtly in the month was altered from that day, and the Bench would meet in future on the second Tuesday in the month.

Young Men's Dance. On Boxing night a dance promoted by the Young Men's Association attached to St. Elphin's Church, was held and passed off very successfully. Capital arrangements had been made by a Committee. Nearly a hundred couples were present. and dancing was kept up with zest until the early hours of the morning. The music was supplied by Mr. George Lomas, the refreshments by Mrs. Lowe. The room had been tastefully decorated. The M.C.'s were Messrs. R. Antwiss and J. Hill.

A Tribute to the Late Primate. The Rev. A. S. Cameron paid a tribute to the mem ory of the late Primate in the course of his sermon a- the Parish Church on Sunday. Preaching on "The gifts we should give to Christ," he said their thoughts turned naturally to that strenuous and indefatigab e worker, the great Archbishop Who had been so lately called away--a man who took up the greatest task the Church of England has to offer, at an age when most men's work in life was done. It had been said that if irrespective of ecclesiastical position the Eng- lish people could have chosen the man best fitted to place the crown on the head of Edward VII., Frederick Temple would have been chosen by acclaim. Earnestly might they thank God for such a noble ex- ample.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn Choir at Chester Eisteddfod.

The fourteenth Christmas Eisteddfod was held in the Music Hall, Chester, on .Boxing Day. Out of the four entries for the Male Voice Choir Contest only two choirs appeared on the platform, viz., Rhos Choir (conductor, Mr. Wilfrid Jones, R.A.M.) .and the Run- corn Male Voice Choir (conductor, Mr. H. Berrey). The test piece was "The Britons"' (Prothero). The adjudicator, in making the award to the Rhos Choir, referred to what was noticed by the audience, namely, that the Runcorn conductor faced the audience and sang the tenor solo himself and in the excitement got out of tune. It was no uncommon thing, said Di. Coward, for a conductor to get excited, but th e con- ductor's failure, however, threw the Runcorn Choir out Of the contest. They opened very well and the ring of the basses was • exceedingly good. The pure tone and ring of the tenors also impressed him favour- ably. At the climax they did not have the same strong effect, but up to this point it was a question as to which was the better. From the solo the contest was over. The conductor got excited and lost the note. He must say, however, that the choir picked them- selves up well and sang through very good, except in one place where the basses were a little uncertain. He must award the prize to the Rhos Choir.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STORY or THE YEAR,

BY JOHN FOSTER FRASER.

The year 1902, now ebbing to its close, has had much sunshine and shadow in it. It has witnessed the crowning of King Edward VII. of England and King Alfonso XIII. of Spain. It has also marked the termination of a three years' struggle between the British and the Boers for domination in South Africa, a war waged with courage and determination on both sides; but now that it is all over, leaving practically no rancour behind, Boer and Briton have recognised each other's merits and are quickly settling down to harmonious working, so that before long it is likely South Africa will outrival both Canada and Australia as a great Colony of the Mother Country. On the other side, there is to record one of the most disastrous occurrences in history, namely, the overwhelming of Martinique by the eruption of Mont Pel6e, in the West Indies, which brought sudden, awful death to some 60,000 persons, and in tragedy out- rivalled the destruction of Pompeii and Herculaneum. The year closes with military operations against the Mullah in Somaliland, and with the armed intervention of Great Britain and Germany into the affairs of Venezuela, which has for several years ignored paying its debts to British and German subjects. As far as Great Britain is concerned, the year ends with anything but a bright com- mercial outlook. Once more in all the poor districts of our great cities is heard the cry of the unemployed. But, if one may hold the balance, I think no one can deny that, taking the brightness with the blackness, there has been more sunshine in the twelve months that have gone than gloom. Any way, we have been relieved from those long, direful casualty lists which, during the three preceding years, brought mourning to many a British home.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CORONATION.

Generations of British children will recite the date of 1902 as the year when King Edward VII. came to the throne. Those children of the far future will, I doubt not, regard it not over affectionately, because to their juvenile minds it will be nothing but one bead in a string of interminable dates when English kings were crowned. To us, however, of this generation—until we are grey grandfathers and while the power of story-telling is still with us—this will be a red-letter year, and we will recall stories that will delight all the little ones of the time when the seventh of the Edwards had the crown of England placed upon his head in the historic Abbey of Westminster. It was an event which not only thrilled the whole British Empire—coming as it. did at the close of the long and arduous Boer. War— but it aroused interest among all the nations of the earth. It was a great pageant. The panoply of centuries was pressed into one great religious service. People came from, all parts of the world, chiefly, of course, from our daughter colonies, which sent lithe, long- limbed young warriors to shew the sort of men made in Australia, in Canada, and New Zealand. Dusky features 'and radiant garbs from the East demonstrated Britain's place as a mighty world power. From the United States came hosts of Americans. This is a utilitarian, practical age; but it was only the unimaginative, the slow-minded who did not see in the Coronation much that was symbolic in the marriage of King Edward to nis people, besides being the occasion for military display. The old wife's story had been going the round that Edward VII, although he would come into his kingship, would never live to be crowned. It looked at one time as if this was going to be verified. Long months before it had been decided 'that the Coronation of King Edward, with the accompanying crowning of Queen Alexandra as his Consort, should take place' on Thursday, June 26th; that on the following day the King and Queen should drive in magnificent state through London; and the day after that there should be a demonstration of England's naval strength by way of a ieview at Spithead. The best-laid plans of mice and men, how- ever, "gang aft agley," and the whole pro- gramme was suddenly upset by the dramatic illness of the King, which sent a shudder of consternation through all his people. There was a military review arranged to take place at Laffan's Plain, near Aldershot, on Monday, ' June 16th. On the Saturday preceding, a damp and disagreeable evening, there was a 1 torchlight tattoo before the King. The next day we heard his Majesty was ill with a cold. On the Monday the review took place in alternate drenchings of rain and gleams of sunshine. The King, however, was not there. The Prince of Wales took his father's place, and near him was his Queen-mother and his Royal relatives. I remember how sadly worn and anxious they looked. It was thought the chill would pass, but that for safety's sake the King should, not expose himself but return to Windsor. The follow- ing week he was not able to attend Ascot Races, generally a brilliant Royal function, and intended to be especially brilliant this year, as it was on the eve of the Coronation. But again only the Prince of Wales and the Queen attended. On Monday, June 22nd, the King and Queen came from the Royal Borough to take up their residence in London, preparatory to the great ceremony of their lives. No Monarch ever received so great a welcome as the King when he drove to Buckingham Palace. London was half-smothered with decorations, and nightly the illuminations made Piccadilly, Pall Mall, and the Strand as gorgeous as the Arabian Nights' tales. All the Royal Princes from abroad were gathered at Buckingham Palace at a great State dinner. The King, however, was again nbt present. Once more it was thought he was a little overcome with his journey, and not being in good health he was resting. Tuesday came bright end beautiful. In the middle of the day—when all London was in raptures at the approaching Coronation, now only a day and a-half distant—the news came like a thunderclap that the King was danger. ously ill, and that a most grave surgical operation was being performed upon him. What a tragedy! All the Empire bubbling with enthusiasm, and the King, for whom it all was, lying insensible and under the surgeon's knife! Nothing perhaps in the history of the world ever caused such a shock as that awful news. The cheers died away, and people spoke in whispers. Mirthful countenances became mournful. The King was apparently dying, and the flags and the bunting seemed almost an insult to the people's grief. It was a ' national calamity, and every man and woman felt as interested in the King's welfare as I though he were the dearest, closest relative. We all recall the days of anxiety, of breath- less waiting, of dread and fear, whilst the 1 King battled with death. But owing to his I splendid constitution he conquered the fell I disease. It is no glib remark to say that the 1 hearts of his people were with him, and with ' his girlish-faced wife, Queen Alexandra, who was -his constant nurse. It was known that worse than the surgeon's knife and his own physical distress was the sorrow his Majesty felt that everybody had been disappointed. • Very gradually he recovered, and he fixed August 9th as the day on which the postponed Coronation should take place. Many people thought this was unwise, because he was then still an invalid, and there was more than the possibility of a breakdown. He was deter- mined, however, not to keep off the ceremony peqqoa sea uoppiooo eq4 gartoiri .1118 4911311 V 1;t0 puy Snsseoeu swat uvill Je2uoi SIT s

===== 0002601_19030102_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMMERCE OF THE WORLD.

The year closes anything but brightly in regard to trade. Germany has been suffering for several years from depression, and now there are grave indications that we ourselves are in for a stretch of slackness. Few of the great industries of Great Britain are working up to their capacity. Once more we hear the bitter cry of the unemployed and the sorely dis- -assed. The British people are proverbially -4cm-hearted, and therefore there is little *t the well-to-do will give of their plenty. matter of deep moment to all actively mterested in commercial prospecity is why! Great Britain should be struck by the wave of comnlercial depression whilst across the . seas the Americans are on the crest of prosperity. This past year, as never before, the British people have begun to realise how serious is the trade rivalry with our trans. Atlantic cousins. The too common habit of sneering at American goods and methods of production has ceased except in the minds of the obtuse, and manufacturers and workmen have realised that if we are going to hold any- thing like our own we must adapt ourselves as far as possible to American ways. I personally spent several months there this year studying the industrial position in large manufacturing centres of the United States. Various descriptions which I wrote of the agility, the alertness, the adaptability of the Americans were repudiated by slow.going British manu- facturers with a kink In their brain which prevented them understanding ihat isnybody can do things better than themselves. What I wrote was described as exaggeration. 'Ev7iry- thing, however, has been corrobocatO and amplified by the commission of representative workers sent over from this country to America by Mr. Moseley. More than a mild sensation was caused by a giant syndicate, controlled by Mr. Pierpont Morgan, buying up several British fleets of Steamers. and making it. snore flan nossible

that the old line that Britain "rules the waves" will have to be altered. There was, however, some cold consolation in the fact that the Americans, who can make so many things, could not make fine steamers, but had to come and buy British boats at a sum altogether out of proportion to their actual value. There was a natural dread that this great American syndicate would "scoop " the Atlantic trade. But the great Cunard Line— undoubtedly the finest line in the world— held out from being nobbled by American dollars into the American syndicate, and was rewarded by the promise of a fine subsidy from the British Government on condition that they built steamers which would outrival any which now run from Queenstown to Sandy Hook. This decisive action upset the inten- tion of the syndicate to control the shipping between the two countries. A great American Tobacco Trust attempted to grab the British trade, and almost succeeded in doing so by the purchase of several of our great tobacco manufacturing firms. The other firms, how- ever, combined, and routed the Americans in so far that instead of the American syndicate sweeping the field they were obliged to go to the English syndicate and plead an amicable working arrangement. Therefore, though only a few months ago British manufacturers resented being described- as behind .the times, and British workpeople were inclined to accuse anyone of a want of patriotism in saying the Americans were quicker than themselves, they have at last realised the situation; and though thq year closes with some gloom in the commTercial world there shifies through it the very brightest of i rays, namely, that the Briton s determined to equip himself for the great struggle for trade, and go through the struggle with the finest machinery, and a readiness to adopt all honourable means which spell for success.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEAD.

A sheaf of distinguished men have been garnered in to death. Perhaps the most famous man who passed away was Mr. Cecil Rhodes, who died while the work of his life was only half complete. Naturally there are differences of opinion about the man and his methods, but there can be none about his vigorous personality, indomitable energy, and ceaseless zeal in strengthening the bulwarks of the British Empire. There was something of Napoleon in him—in his austerity, his impatience of restraint, his large grasp of things. More than any man he developed South Africa, and the country which bears his name—Rhodesia—will, if half the glamorous reports be true, prove one of the most valuable tracts within the bounds of the Empire. Also there has passed away the Marquess of Dufferin, perhaps the most successful of British Ambassadors within the last genera- tion, a man who never let loose a grip on British interests, IN ho could be as unyielding as steel, but who owed his long series of successes to a suave courtesy which had much of old-time courtliness about it. The Liberal party lost Lord Kimberley, who was the leader of the little band of Liberal peers in the House of Lords. Lord Pauncefote died at Washing-ton whilst Ambassador to the United States. He was urbane, and never did or said anything to wound the tender suscepti- bilities of our American cousins.

Sir Frederick Abel, who invented cordite, and Herr von Krupp, the great German gnu maker, were a distinct loss to the science of arms. The great apostle of realism, Emile Zola, came to a sad end by being accidentally asphyxiated; Bret Harte, who for a genera- tion delighted the world with his stories of Californian mining life, died in England; and G. A. Henty, whose stories of war and adven- ture were the joy of every British boy, died, as he had often hoped he would do, at sea, on board his yacht: _ . - - - .

In the religious world several striking personalities have been lost. The Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, a man of virility, great power of organisation, and who was earnest in all things and Dr. Parker, a vehement, dramatic, outspoken preacher, were great losses to the, Nonconformists. Also there died Dr. Talmage, who, next to Henry Ward Beecher, was the most popular divine in America; Dr. Newman Hall; and Mr. Kensit, who to the last was the sturdy antagonist of all practices savouring of the Roman Church being intro- &lced into the Church of England.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
MISCELLANEOUS,

Under this head what a mass and variety of things are to be included! Scientifically, perhaps the chief interest has been in airships. Slowly but surely M. Santos-Dumont in France, and Mr. 'Stanley Spencer in England, have made distinct improvements in the steering of airships. Signor Marconi has thoroughly proved the advantage of wireless telegraphy. The days of the ocean cables will soon be numbered, and yet it has only been this year that there has been completed an all-British cable right round the world. Automobilism, much favoured by the King, is becoming more and more popular. In travel, the Swedish explorer, Sven Hedin, has returned from three years of adventure in Asia, during which he twice attempted to enter the sacred city of Lhassa in Thibet, but unsuccessfully. Nothing outstanding in the way of literature has been produced, one reason probably being that publishers hesitated about bringing out their best during the many months there was comparatively little interest in anything but the Coronation. The same remark almost applies to the drama, though two charming plays, "Mice and Men," by Madeline Lucette Riley, and "Quality Street," by J. M. Barrie, have had much favour—sweet plays which show how far we have travelled in a year or two from sordid, sex, neurotic problem plays. A coal war has been waged in the United States—indeed, the greatest mining strike in the world. It was on the point whether employers should recognise the trade-unions. The conflict in Pennsylvania was bitter and fierce, and there was bloodshed. In the end the men practically won. Not only on this matter, but on the question of trusts, has the United States been gravely agitated, and there is a growing feeling that the law should prevent these gigantic combinations. France has given us the greatest fraud of a octnttauxiny ed,thatniillioofnstbbeyHupmlabnesritbsie astfoarnileialy wanhdo forgeries and who lived in most fashionable style. Many prominent Frenchmen had their names implicated in one way or another with the frauds, and it is generally understood the reason the Humberts—who, of course, flew from France—have not been arrested, is the desire not to drag these names into the mire. With ourselves, we have had a long series of libel actions. The two cases, however, which aroused keenest public interest had to Clo with people in social circles. Mrs. Penruddocke, belonging. to a well-known Wiltshire family, was fined £5O for heartless cruelty to her own child, and there was a storm of indignation. that Mr. Justice Bigham did not send her to prison. The other case was the Hartopp divorce action, in which Sir Charles Hartopp sought divorce from his wife, daughter of Mr. Charles Wilson, M.P., on the ground of misconduct with Earl Cowley. There were countercharges against Sir Charles. None of the charges or countercharges were proved, and the various suits were dismissed. But the trial left a very nasty taste in the public mouth. ln cricket, our AuStralian visitors this year made a splendid show, and won the test match with England. In rating, Sceptre has been the horse of the year, having won the Two Thousand, the One Thousand, the St. Leger, a id the Oaks, and bringing to her ownex, 31r. it S. Sievier, something like i:23,000.

Since the above article was written There have been the additional deaths of the Archbishop of Can- terbury the Bishop of St Albans, and the Dean of Winchester. The Humbert family has also been tracked to Madrid, arrested on December 20th, and siuce taken back to France.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
SECONDHAND POLICE TROUSERS.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
A Lymm Bricklayer's Order.

At Altrincham on Monday, Charles Gettins, of Charles- street, Blackpool, was charged with having obtained 3s. 6d from William Cowsill, bricklayer Lymm, on the 28th November. The case against the defendant was that he advertised in various papers, offering secondhand police trousers at 2s. 6d. to 3s. 6d, per pair, and in response to this advertisement Cowsill sent 3s. 6d. but alleged that he had never received the goods. Inspector H. E. Derham, of the Blackpool police,sttated that since December, 1899, to the present date they had received 324 letters of complaint from all parts of the country, complaining that Gettins had not forwarded the trousers according to arrangement. In cross-examination by Mr. M`Keevor, counsel for the defence, he admitted that the defendant was appar- ently carrying on a bona-fide business in Blackpool. He had been proceeded against at Chesterfield on a similar charge, but this had been dismissed. Police-constable Myatt stated thathe received Gettins noet into custody, and in reply to the charge he said he would be guilty of such a thing, and that the trousers had n forwarded a fortnight ago to Cqwsill. Mr. M`Keevor called the defendant, who said that he °ought large quantities of these secondhand goods, and advertised extensively. He employed two tailors and a tajloress, and his wife also assisted him in the business. rie had executed 2.000 orders during the last fourteen months, but on some occasions goods had gone wrong, and it was most difficult to trace them. Had Cowsill written to him he would most certainly have forwarded another pair. Mrs. Gettins stated that she had put the order on the file, and that it had been duly executed. They were sent by Parcel Post generally. They had, however, no record in the case of those parcels from the Post Office Showing that they had been sent. Mr. Armitage, referring to the number of complaints of non-receipt of parcels, said it was impossible for all these to have got wrong in the post. Mr. 11,1`Keever pointed out that there was no evidence the part of the prosecution to show that one had been lost. On the application of Superintendent O'Kell the case ra-s adjourned for a fortnight, defendant being released In his own recognisances of £5O.

CHRISTMAS FARE MISSING.

Warrington Men Charged with the

===== 0002601_19030102_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Theft.

At the Warrington Occasional Court on Monday, before Mr. S. R. Armitage, Jalin Jackson, Elizabeth- street, William Smith, Selby-street, and Nathaniel Harding, Manley-street, were charged with stealing four turkeys, four geese, nine ducks, thirty-five hens and two tame rabbits, of the total of £9 10s., the pro- perty of William Taylor, Brow Farm; Back-lane, Sankey, on December 19th. Mr. Taylor stated that about ten o'clock on the even- ing of December 18th he fastened up the poultry coup at his farm. The following morning at 930 he found the door of the coup open and the lock missing. The poultry and rabbits mentioned in the charge had dis- appeared and information was given to the police. Witness identified the turkey legs and wings produced as being the legs and wings of one of the missing turkeys. The Skins produced were those of the stolen rabbits. Horatio Robert Deakin said he met the prisoner, Jackson, who was his brother-in-law, at 6 o'clock on Friday morning, the 19th December,near his (witness's) house. Jackson had a turkey in a bag and he sold it to Witnessfor ss, the money being paid on the following day.

Jonathan Broadhurst, groen grooer and poultry dealer, Bostock- street, said that at 7.45. a.m. on the 19th December, the prisoner Smith, offered him two rabbits for sale. Witness asked him where he had got them from, and he said they were his own. Witness bought them for two shillings. Shortly afterwards he was called to a house in Beswick-street which he believed was occupied by the prisoner Harding's sister. Smith was in the house and witness thought Jackson was, but was not certain about Hard- ing. In the house were two geese, four or five ducks and a turkey, and Smith asked him to buy them. Wit- ness said he would have nothing to do with them. Dugdale stated that at 4.45 p.m. on the 21st December he went to the house of the wit- ness Deakin and found a dressed turkey on a shelf in the pantry. The• legs and wings of a ttnitey produced were found in an outbuilding. Deakin 35.1 d he bought the turkey from Jackson for ss. Witness Pkrehended Jackson aid charged him, and he replied rhat's it." On December 23rd he arrested the other Prisoners and charged them. Smith said "I know nothing about it," and Harding replied "I was not there." The charge against Harding was withdrawn, and the Other prisoners were remanded to the Warrington County Petty Sessions, to be held on Wednesday next.

A. sad cycling fatality is reported from Wrexham. It &Tins that a farmer named Palmer was riding down King's Mills Hill when he lost control of . his machine, and he met with frightful injuries from which he succumbed in Wrexham Infirmary.

rhorti IS eirctiplty 11, a r.,/ vop. on the tootatr4.. —____ f overy morning 1 '-'-:•/ r • "V) • ~..,, au Pill. Small Dose. , of Snail Fri" SOZODONT WM Sweeten th.: Breath all day . and make all.' tile difference ble: Mac He%clache. Usolutely cure avow andh Bad Teem. irisness. Torpid Live:, indi- t r, ix o* Constipation, Dizziness. Villitill leeth and Yeilaw Teeth. licsned To ]gun. They Touch tho pretty Teeth and Ugly Teeth i'ler. complete in Toilet .C 4,4 Do ars thi P. s 2 • NW EI S. 3.- TOM. kewciar.:-...".

lifro p 4: ALS 4 •

===== 0002601_19030102_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
yeat latch been Two eger, Mr.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
.

ttOVlP4;oktfflo

and all other skin ticiis Instkntly rLiteved and speedily cured by

Gi - -rIPASrEaS

===== 0002601_19030102_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
WRITE FOR SAMPLE.

. . , . , . , . . s _ . . . • , - - - , , , . • '1- ..—..ts • ...V"X"..! •—s•-•."-••,,,,,,,, 5.... e.,„ •.• -s., ~ . . _, , S ... - - ... . . s _._ ~. .. - , _ 91%.:•", _ - - _ _ _ --- • —........,_. ......• ,

NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE

FIXTURES.

WARRINGTON.

FIXTURES AND SCORES. Points For agst Sep. 6 Swinton away 012 IS Brighouse Rangers 20 St Helens ... 27 Hulick-mu Oct 4 Batley 11 Salford 18 Halifax 25 Leigh Nov. 1 Hull 8 Oldham ... home 3 2 15 I.lrul:hton Raugers..... 22 Rinl:9ton Rovers 29 1-1 unslet .. .......... ... . ... - Dec 6 Wigan home Postponed 13 Widnes away 5 0 20 Bradford .... ............... 2i (Christmas Day) Leigh away 2 3 26 (Boxing Day) '47 Huddersfield 1903 Jan. 1 New Year's Day ••• ••• 3 Swioton 10 Brighou a Rangers ...... away 17 St seleos... . . .... . home '44 Runcorn ... A wty 31 Batley Feb. 7 Salfo d home 14 Cup lie 21 Cup 'lie __• _ _

24 Shrove Tuesday 28 Hull Mar. 7 Oldham 14 Broughton Rangers 2.1 Kingston Rovers 23 Hunslet

Apr. 4 Wigan away 10 (flood Friday) homp 11 Widnes. .. tr me 13 (Kaster Mondly) 18 Bradford 21 Huddersfield .. home

===== 0002601_19030102_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCOIt N.

FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Points 1902 For agst Sep 1 Huns let home 15 5 6 Widnes 13 Bradford 20 Huddersfield ll,-,tne 8 0 27 Warrington Oct 4 Brighouse Rangers 11 St Helena 18 Swinton. . Nov 1 Salford 8 Halifax 15 Leigh 22 Hull

29 Oldham Dec 6 Brougt,ton Bangers 13 Hull K Hovers home 21 0 20 Hunslet 26 Batley 27 Wigan away 3 2 1903 Jan 3 Widnes 10 Brad.ord 17 Hucllersfielct 24 Warrington 31 Brighouse itangers away Feb 7 St Helens 24 Swinton 28 Salford Mar 7 Halifax 14 Leigh 21 Hull away 23 Oldham Apr 4 Broug ton Hangers away 11 Hull Kingston Rovers , away 13 Batley home 18 Hunslet

25 Wigan home

WIDNES.

PLEASANT PA RAGRAPIIS.

ABOUT the scarcest thing in the world seems to be money to pay debts with. HE's AN ACTOR. —Greaten : " B trnes doesn't look like an actor, does he?" Ciarke : " ; doesn't act like one, either."

A Flnt diet may not strengthen the brain, but a little fishing trip often tends to invigorate the imagination. A STRIKING countenance is not always an evidence of brains. Consider the Wlll. goat, for instance.

" I SAY, waiter, I've dropped a sixpence. If you can find it, let me have it back; if you don't, you can keep it." LADY to new governess): "I hope that you will treat my children lovingly—of course, with the exception of my eighteen-year-old-son." "Di s your baby give you muoh trouble at night ? " "No. We've deceived it by having an electric light put up in front of our house." OTHERWISE OCCUPIED.—She: "Do you think love makes the world go round?" He "No. True love hasn't time to attend to such trifles."

A SMALL boy at his first concert innocehtly asked, when the soprano was called back, "What's the matter, mother? Didn't she do it right ? " SHE: "What makes you think he loves me so desperately ?" Simplex; "Oh, a thousand things! He always looks pleased, for instance, when you sing and play." "COULD you not, if you tried, grant me a place in that icy heart of yours?" "My heart may be of ice, as you say, Mr. Sophleigh, but all the same I am not in the cold storage business." SOPHIA (sentimentally): "I dearly love to listen to the ticking of a clock. It seems to me that a clock has a language of its own." Mr. Smart: "Yes, Sophia, the clock has a language—yoa might say a.dial-ect." DouaTLEss.—Brown : "Everybody has some favourite ejaculation. Now, my word is Gra3ious !'" Towne: "So I have noticed. And I understand that your wife's word is ' Law !"

YOUNG DOCTOR: "I find it hard to draw the line between hay fever and influenza." Old Doctor: "it is hard, my boy, but social distinctions have to be made ; there's no help for it." AFTER THE SERVIO3.—The Wife; "The minister hit you pretty hard today, John." The Husband: "Pm very glad you enjoyed the sermon, my dear."

A COUNTRY squire who wished to make an entry at an agricultural exhibition wrote thus to the secretary "Please put me down on your list of cattle for a calf."

No HARM Do/in.—Mrs. M'bubberty (in the 'cemetery): " Dhere's a misspelled worrud on poor O'Hooley's tombstone." M'Lubberty : "Phwot difference is ut O'Hooley cudn't rade." THERE are people who will pay five shillings to go to the theatre and look at a cheap transforma- tion scene, but would never think of looking at a gorgeous sunset that can be seen for nothing. TEACHER : "What is a fort?" Pupil: " 'place for soldiers to live in." Teacher: "And a fortress?" Pupil: "A place for soidiers' wives to live in."

MRS. JIMPSON : "Don't you think, Mr. Jimp- son, it would be a great benefit to our daughter if she were to finish her singing lessons abroad ?" Mr. Jimpson : "Give it up, but I know it would ba a great relief to me." I HAD awfully bad luck," said the forger to his companion in misfortune. "I spent a month in copying the signature of a reputed millionaire, and just when I had his cheque ready he went into bankruptcy." WARDROBE ACCESSORY.—" Did you hear why the Smiths quarrelled ?" "I understand Smith insisted that the cost of their sitting in church should come out of Mrs. Smith's allowance for clothes." .

"ELLEN, has George come home from school yet?" called Mrs. Snaggs to her servant. " Yes. ma'am," came back the answer. "Where is he?" "I haven't seen him." "How do you know, then, that he's home?" "Because the cat's a-hidin' under the dresser." A Poon WORKMAN. —Mrs. Donovan (who has sewed the same buttons on her husband's coat four times): " Begorra, Tim, th' one thot made yore coat put th' buttons on very bad indade. This is th' fourth toime °eve hod t' sew thins on taller Pim')

TOWNLY : "Why do you keep articles you accept so long before you publish them ? " Publishez : "To compliment the writers." Townly : "What do you mean?" Publisher: "oh, all these au. hors have an idea that they are living before their time, so we keep their articles until their time comes." Junam "Your age?" Lady: "Thirty years.' Judge (incredulously: "You will have some diffi- culty in proving that." Lady (excitedly) : "You'll find it hard to prove the contrary, as the church register which contained the entry of my Lirth was burnt in the year 1845." MRS. GOODING : "For my part, I can't under- stand why you desire to associate with that Mr. Emptyhead. He is one of the least interesting persons I ever met." Mr. Gooding : "I must admit that he is not very brilliant, but he is the only man I know very well who never gives me any advice as to how we ought to bring up our boy." IT WAS FLArrzNED.—Young Mr. Torkins was almost in tears when her husband came home. "What's the matter?" inquired her husband. "It wasn't my fault, Charlie, dear, and I do hope it can be mended. That pouter pigeon you brought home—" " Well ?" "I'm afraid it has swal- lowed a tack, and got a puncture." SHE had risen several times to let a gentleman pass out between the acts. "I am very sorry to disturb you, madam," he remarked, apologetically as he went out for the fourth time. "Oh, don't mentitm it," she replied pleasantly, "I am most happy to oblige you; my husband keeps the re- freshment bar."

" No," said her father sternly. "I do not like the young man. I have not liked him since I heard him singing the other night." "But. surely you cannot be prejudiced against him because of his music." "It wasn't the music. It was the words. The way he sang about standing on the bridge at midnight filled me with such a desire to take him by the heels and heave him over the rail- -mg that it made me positively nervous." THEY had been enjoying a festive evening with mother farmer, and both the brothers " iiad done themselves remarkably well." They had a drive of a.tiout five miles before them, and it was a darkish night; but the horse knew the way. Side by side they sat in the dogcart, and it went along at a spanking pace. At length they swung roumd the sharp turn, which led to the house, in a most alarming manner, only just missing the gatepost by an inch or two. "Gently, George! Gently round the corner, old man," murmured Bill. George grinned. "What I Haven't you got the veins neither?" he said. _

IN charming indecision she gazed at the two por- traits. The uncertainty in her heart clouded her eyes just enough to of ten and render more be- witching their splendour. "Which shall it be?" she murmured. From one to the other of the pictures her glance wandered. NOW her counte- nance would for a moment beam with the joy of a settled choice, only to darker. again in a moment with perplexity. "If I could only say which one I" A sigh fluttered within the tender bosom and escaped from the rosy lips. "Willis dark. I by. dark men." She clasped her hands, and rap- turously scrutinised the nearest portrait. "But Henry is noble and good." A faint flush crept into her cheeks. Her thoughts were with the et'net picture. "One of them I must marry." Rising to her feet, she paced the floor ner- vously. It was a life's happiness that hung trembling in the balance. "1 am sure both nf them love me with all their hearts." Eland was pressed in hand, until the blood forsook the taper fingers with the frantic pressure. "Both of them—but stay 1" It was a startled look that flashed across her face. "Yes, yes, it is surely so." Belief succeeded anxiety, and a smile of sweet content fluttered about her lips. "If I marry Will, Henry"—She leaned forward fondly towards the portraits. "Henry will give me a wedding present. If I marry Henry, I just know Will would be huffy and never give me a thing." She pondered a moment in nlence. "Yes," she softly whispered at last, "I shall marry Will." High resolve invested het "ersonalitv with a new interest.

The efforts of the Blackburn magistrates to reduce the number of licensed houses in the congested areas of the borough have been successful. There have been several conferences between the justices and brewers and owners of licensed premises, and, as the result of these, a scheme has been drawn up which, when con- firmed by the general body of magistrates, will provide for the extinction of many licences in the more densely crowded districts of the town.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
FIXTURES AND SCORES.

1902

Points. For Aget _

.. ---- Bep 6 Runcorn 13 Batley .. home 4 8 zu 0.1f0,-d 27 Halifax... .. . .., home 2 7 Oct 4 Leigh .. ~ . .... ~:s away 3 6 11 Hull 18 oldham away 5 18 25 Bron..hton Rangers away 0 8 Nov 1 Hull King6tou Rover. home 9 0 8 Hnnsiet 15 Wiwan home 0 2 'i2 Swinton 29 Br •dford ... 11ec 6 Huddersfield 13 Warrington 21 Brighons, Rangers 27 St. Helens home 8 0 1903 Jan 1 Oldham home 3 Runcorn 10 Batley away , 17 Salford 24 Halifax ... away 31 Leigh home Feb 7 Hull away 28 Hull Bing. too Rovers ...... Mar 7 Hunslet 14 Wigan away 21 Swinton home 28 Bradford away Apr) 4 Huldernfield ... home - 11 Warrington 13 Brour Iron Rangers 18 Brighonse Rangers 25 St. Helena away

ST. HELENS.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
FIXTURE AND SCORES.

Points 1912 For ag•t Sedt 6 Bradford ... 13 Huddersfield 20 Warrington home 518 27 Brighouse Rangers Oct 4 Swinton II 'uncorn 18 134 t ley ... 25 Salford Nov 1 Halifax 8 Leigh 15 Hull 22 rildham home 0 3

29 Brou.,hton Rangers Dec 6 mull Kingston Rovers... 13,iMunslet away 3 9 20 Wig ,n home 5 6 27 Whines f away U 3 19 3 Jan 1 Batley • home 3 Bradford away 10 Huddeiefle'd home 17 warringt 24 Brighouse Raners home 31 Swinton ........away Feb 7 Runcorn away 28 JJalifx r r 7 Leigh l 4 1-full home 21 Oldham 28 Broughton iang.rs home

Gartons Limited, Warrington. On Tuesday evening, the 23rd just, Messrs. Garton.; employees held their (inaugural) annual dinner at the Pelican Hotel, Buttermarket-street, when about 30 sat down to dinner. After" having done ample justice to the excellent menu provided by the genial host, Mr. W. Chalmers, Mr. T. R. Garton one of the principals of the firm, o ccupied the chair when a most interest- ing programme was gone through. After "His Majesty the King, Queen and Royal family "had been duly,and right loyally honoured, the toaSts proposed included the following ;—Gartons Limited, by Mr. H. Pearson ; responded to by Mr. H. Carter; the Manager, by Alr. H. New; the Secretary, by Mr. W. C. Duncan; Agri- cultural Interests, by Mr. W. Lowe (of Chester), res- ponded to, by Mr. F, Davies ; Town and Trade of Warrington, by,. Mr. J. Jennings ; the 'oldest employee, by the Chairman. Between the toasts the following gentlemen enlivened and delighted the company by singing: —Mr. L, Sutton, "Because I love you " ; Mr. J. Lewthwte "A per- fectly peaceful person" and "It does ko "•' Mr. H. Pearson, "The star of Bethlehem " ; Mr. J. Drummond, "Solomon Levi" and "De Camptown races " ; Mr. Alf. Grounds," Atchew " and " Sloshem's Coronation . festivities " ; Mr. J. Ewen, "The old brigade " ; and Mr. G. Lomas proved hirnseH a .mosi; capable accompanist. There was also an original recitation entitled " Garton's new breeds," given by Mr. W. C. Duncan which met with the most flattering, reception. The manner in which Mr. Grounds ren- dered his comic effusions, and the stump speech by Mr. Frank Walker, were most admirable and amus- ing. After the health of the chairman Mr. T. R. Garton (to whose name was coupled that of Mr. Robert and Mr. John Garton) was most enthusias- tically drank the company separated.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY Wo2lAbi

Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated Rook containing valuable information bow all Irregularities .11. Obstructions may be entirely avoidea sr removed by simpte means. Recommended by eminent Physicians, as the 4snlN Safe, Sure, and Genuine Remedy. Never Fails. Thousands of testimonials. Mr P BLINCII6RD, Dalston-lead, Llndor.

LORD ROSEBERY Gives striking sp,eches. Holdroyd's Gravel Fills cure striking cases of gravel, Lumbago, sciatica, Backache, Dropsy, Gout, Kidney Diseases, etc A guaranteed cure Try a box is. lid. all Cht-mists Post free 12 stamps. Haldroyd, Medical Hall,Cleckheaton, If( rk. (3)

===== 0002601_19030102_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE

CURED INSTANTLY BY Prevents Decay, Saves BUNTER'S Yatrt.etion, TreeetprelenstsedNights

—— - - Neuralgia Headaches and all Nerve Pains removed by PONT:, -- NER VINE VINH. All Chemists, is. lici or cost free on receipt ot stamps to DepOt, 14, White Lion Arr.! No, wieb.

WOMAN'S UNFAILING FRIEND s TowLE,SPEaNNSYTREOEYLAL piLLs FOR FEMALES. QUICKLY CORRECT ALL IRREGULARITIES, REMOVE ALL OBSTRUCTIONS, AND RELIEVE THE DISTRESSING SYMPTOMS SO PREVALENT WITH THE SEX. Boxes, 114 & 2/9 (contains three times the quantity), of all Chemists. Sent any- where on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps, by E. T. TOWLE.* Co., 66, Long Row, NOTTINGHAM. Beware of Imitations, injuriozu and wortlaeu.

DON'T COUCH for : KEATING'S LOZENGES EASILY CURE THE WORST COUCH. One gives relief. An increasing . sale of over 80 years is a certain test of their value. Sold in 131 d. tins everywhere.

rBE GREATEST BOON e7er con- -rred to the Laundress or imparting an Ivory nish to Starched Alien, Laces, etc., .4c ,es not stick to spider- eb - like materials. nee tried always ranted. Used in the o yal Laundries. Iwuld be used in houses. Sold by most Starch Sellers in Packets, at 31 and 6d. Prepared only by T CRITOHLEY, Blackburn.

_ T 15IRW FRISNUH REMEDY. THE P ,Totyhisuleaurcerrerrnef,inl;ndashiglv em- ployed in the Continental Hospita:s by Rieord Fo-tan, Jobe Velpeau, and others, surpasses everyth lug hitherto employed for impurity of the bicod. spots, blot, has, pains and mei_ lugs of the joints, kidney. bladder. and urinaly disease stricture, discharges. piles, gravel, Pains in the back rheu 'netball, gout, sleeplessness. nervous arta physical exhaus tio.. eto. Therapion is prepared In three Aiildrent form- Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to dieeases for which intend ad Putt particulars send stamped Eaddressed envelope , for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON 43 HOLFORD-^QITATIF. LINDC•I, , E.

.35 YEARS 'PROVEN EfFiCACY:

AN EVER READY N-OUSEHOLD REMEDY: LOOSENS PHLEGM. ALLAYS coucpc.

•:. GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF..-'

"LINUM CATHARTICUM`PILLS, •;• FOR INDIGESTION 6 ITS EVILSNi.c SIOS.HEADACHE 811-10U5 DERANGEMENT' • irc.!z AN,AGREEABLE APERIENT: -ll'

KAYS TIC PILLS

---- cotio:lES.'

CURE FACEACHE & NEURALGIA.. ---

REPOSE SUBSTITUTES. • •P 5010 BY ALL G.4EMISTS THROUGHOUT GREAT BRITAIn & THE

CR ITCH LEY'S SittiCCH-d.OSS

' .... , ,- ..., . i iNi s ED --E- -..„-... ,-- ,4•:, s i ! !" „, MARK i dii .•,?‘...... N , , TaP• • ; I §:'!,/ I- ‘- t ‘ 1 - i.iit of:/tey:S 040011° i 11. ,•''''._, ~-,' Seri::timmeC ijiseoS) 1 • c 7, ' ''i2if'' - :''' ',r- \ > oF e FOR 1 4 0,: ?p. ~, - , . . ,i,. „,, , , ~..„„).aci, 6 ...5 • - ~..,,,:t , ~. „. .... • ~...- 1..., • - : ~,-,.,-. ~,..„...... ~ ,s..TomA &BRoNct„ri, ...._ _ • . i :( . s.„- f- ~.__-„,•-•• , ,

===== 0002601_19030102_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
BENSON'S ...,,.. ..„ ....,‘ ~ , . ~t., .4: ~k, 1V.:,.,,D E .'' ;, ' .' IN S.

THOUSANDS IN Brilliants, Emeralds, Pearls, Rubies, Sapphires, Opals, &c., of the Purest Quality,

At MAKER'S CASH PRICES. Size Cards Post Free.

Brilliant, 45/-

40011,) KN.-1

(.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
, ,

Pearls d: Rubies, 2S/-

===== 0002601_19030102_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGEST STOOK OF RINGS IN THE WORLD,

Rubies and Brilliantg. £l5

FINE GOLD CHAINS, Ladies' from 35/-

Brilliants, £lO.

Gents' from 60/-

:ZZS, Nk.77.4711;:194.,:irtf; I'4l 4fis. * ' 4417 - Ar tktr— ,Dr.p Brilliants, £7. I

I :.*)",,,,,,Azyr. ~.... -1' 7-I N. '. iants, i-rora £5.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
ENSON'S "i lAL PLATE" &CU LE I Y

Equals Silver, at One Quarter the Cost

TEA SETS, CRUETS, WAITERS, SPOONS, FORKS, and TABLE CUTLERY of the BEST QUALITIES. For full details, prices, &c., see BENSON'S OF WATCHES from £2 to £5OO. CLOCKS, JNGAGEMENT RINGS, BROOCHES, " IMPERIAL " AND SILVER PLATE, &e., &c. Post free. NOT E rORDER FORM and PARTICULARS OF "THE TIMMS" SYSTEM OF PURCHASE, Post Free. J. W. BENSON, Ltd.! 62 & 64, Ludgate Hill, London,

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

Bnglish and Foreign Picture Fames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding a Spsaiality. Largest Stock Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTHRN 8t.,0K. Kew Edition, thoroughly revised aud eularge4 to 160 pages, JUST PUBLISHM). . .

With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. _lmporter f Glass. Glass Stock lists free on application.

q. MORELL, 17 aqd 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.O.

Warehouses : 11, 12 and,l3, Nears Yard, and 41, Neal Street. Telegraphic Address :—" Rabbitry, London."

Jr- \,_ ..,inafincrassor , fr-1 , N 1 •e, ~... 4,, 14,14`,,,i,,-,1, 1 ''' BOOK

elm, ..... , _......., .:-.0. ..,, ~ t , ... - s- A% ~i,.."'?, 1 ' 7 _ k,-":',i."-tiTi 0 ..;" ,‘ ,• ..,,,.,,,,,,, ~,„.. .10 - CHAINS, EY

===== 0002601_19030102_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
alilligo

===== 0002601_19030102_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
H PILLS. 4

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick ileadaoe, Constipation, Wind,

tUeak tomach, Impaired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, in, boxes, Is. 11-d. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. each, with full directions. Sold everywhere.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

W ITII a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple fo. Take some good Compound such al

===== 0002601_19030102_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKL:6IS ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, nr little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answei their pur2oses so wei!, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

FREE cROM reIFRI;UY-IY.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
C ICKLE'S

ANTIBILI 11. PILLS.

OF PURL VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. 0 Per BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

ALL T,'11,33.18LES

'. cask your grocer for ir !SYM , • 1 • --- ' "EDENJ Pius Rio.7it rY-----tt' ...„.....,.--...- , . --, _ COFFEE The Purest. The Cheapesr .. and the beist, . ' -,, ..'„.,'....r' - • .--.--- , ONCE USED , It becomes et Household necessity. THasStr : .00 it: 44, EDINBU • Lffit Aki NIXON. .- .-,..* .......-444...z,

===== 0002601_19030102_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
CURED BY

46 L qv,- .g.%."—.4. ei a 039

Post Free 1/1 New Bridee Street, MAN,I{E-,TER.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
.44 ,•• • 16, P, 77*.tielii:' e • e r 1.4" - • • --

Pearls & Sapphires, 25/- Brilliants, £3. Iss.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
~.--',..,' c.\l4sl._ , , . . ;,

Ad,

===== 0002601_19030102_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHBR lII4SOLICITRD TESTIMONI&L TO PITTS'S, LONDON-ROAD, MANCHESTER (Just past Station. thrlugn Railway Arch).

ALS.' AT PI rrs's pANT ti EON, GAYTHORN (Just past iVe.mtiester Central Station). PATRONI:;ED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, &C.

"0 WAD SUM rowEtt THE 01FTLE GEE US TO SRN OURSBI.'S AS OTHBELS SBlii US!" sang Bobble Burns, but had he been the proprietor of a prosperous Furnishing Business, satisfactorily fulfilling the requirements of the public. he would have had no need to sn express himself, as innumerable opportunities would have been afforded him of seeing himself es others saw him,Alrnost every other post orings us such, of which ths following is a fair sample •----

- 109. II ig h-st reet, Tunstall, Bth Nov ember,' 190 E. Gentierneu,—l have received the goods quite safely and in good condition. We are especially pleased with the suite of furniture, which looks much better here than when crowded out at your pl.ce, naturally telling to greater advantage- Kindly accept our thanks for your care in packing, Aci.--icespectfully yours, JOHN MUNDA.Y. PITTS'S COULD EASILY PILL THIS NEWS- PAPBR with expressions of approval similar to the above, but as one straw shows which way the wind b.ows, probably one testimonial w.ll suffice to direct wide-awake people to the right emporium. 1110ITTS'S SPECIAL BARGAINS.-DINING-ROOM SUITS covered with real leather, comprising couch, pair of easy chairs and six single chairs, sideboard extending dining-table. overmantel, brass fender, brasses, and large carpet; complete for 201 guineas, worth 40 guineas. MOR IDE/ROOM SUITE. In real saddleb,gs, mounted with rich Utrecht velvet, comprising luxurious couch, pair of easy 'chairs, and set of small chairs, extending table, sideboard, overmantel, carpet, fender, and brasses, complete for 25 guineas. worth 50 guineas. DRAWING-ROOK SUITS, in Inlaid rosewood upholstered with a most expensive covering beautiful cabinet to match, fitted with cupboards, shelves, bevelled glass, &c. ; splendid overmantel, with numerous bevelled glasses ; envelope card table, wine tabiesall forming a really superb suite; packed and delivered 50 guineas, well worth £lOO. There is also a large Turkey carpet, Axminster and skin rugs, solid brass fender, pianoforte by Brinemead. BSDHOOM SUITE, in American walnut, com- prising large wardrobe, fitted with every convenience ; pair of elaborate toilet tables, bevelled glasses. marble slab, tiled back &c,; three chairs ; towel rail and pedestal cupboar.i being a really grand suite; cnnplete for 22 guineas, worth 50 guineas, 01E811 BHDHOOM SUITES in rosewood, satin- wood, American ash, and painted goods will be cleared at ass than half regular prices. Hare opportunity.

TIOITT'3 C ?;LE B RATE D HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15/, 22/, 28/, 384 50. 75, 100, 200.un to 1,000 guineas, are In point of Excellence, Durability,aad VALUE the VERY BEST tBTAINABLIf. They represent a CLEAR SAVING OF 60 PER CENT. as compared with others Full particu- lars and ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE, free. Cash prices only quoted. Deferred payments 10 per cent extra.

)ITTS'S BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING.— Largest and best selection. being cleared out at giving-away prices. Rare chance for cheap lines. Do not miss them.

DITTE'S CARPETS AND FLOOR COVERINGS.- Grand Display All British make, choicest, many of which exclusive; exquisitely blended colourings. Laid and Fitted Free.

Purs's POPULAR PlANOS.—Magnificent Dis- play of NEW and SECOND-HAND by the Best Makers.

IigaITTS'S BASSINETTES, MAIIAARTS, LA.Nt P. CHINA, GLASS, BARTHENWAILB, IN-00013 GAMBS. Trunks. Bags, Portmanteaus. &a.

PITTS'S OFFICE AND Li BRARY FURNITURE. - Bookcases, Secretalres. Desks, Stools, Chairs, Safes lag Presses at about Half City Price.

SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTER. LOND3N-ROAD (Ardwiak and Longsight Caro).

===== 0002601_19030102_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
GAYTHORN (all City-toad Oars pass the Door). listabliebed 1845 National Telephone. 1,124.

BOOIS CASH CHEMISTS

NOVELTIES

NEW YEAR.

BOOTS

BUSINESS

GROII S

GROWS

GOODS

PRICES

BOOTS

CASH CHEM I STS.

1265,, BBRRIIDDGGEIC SSIT•RREFEE } W ARRINGTON.

OUGHT I TO WEAR GLASSES?

ALL SUCH QUESTIONS ARM WILLISGLY

FOR CHRISTNIAS AND THE

FOR FANCY ARTICLES

of personal luxury, such as Perfumes and Toilet Articles, which form the most useful and inexpensive kin:i of attractive Christmas Presents. BOOTS era now the largest buyers. and the immense quantity we buy enables us to purchase so che4ply that we are able to give customers suit a benefit, of low prices as cannot be afforded by any other firm, PERFUMES Make very acceptable presents for young or old. Good quality, 64. size aid. is. size 44r1.: 2s. 64. size Is 9d. Violette de Parma White Rose Prices Jokey Club per bottle. Carnation is. 3d. Sweet Pea is. Bd. Heliotrope 2s. Cid. Lilac 2s. 84. Wallflower 3s. 64. Lily of the Valley 6s. 94. Stephanotis Cut glass bottles filled, from 2s. 64. to 101. 64.

A FINE SELECTION OF BEAUTIFUL CASKrtiTS, containing one, two, or thr-e bottles; of the above odours, from it. ed. to Bs. 11d. AEU DEC COLOGNE. Jersey Castle-Brand, 25. 6d. bct`le is. 6d. ; 4s. bottle 23. 101. Silver Cologne, Is. bottle for 71. d ; 23 6d. for is. 2d. Golden Cologne, is. bottle for 21 ; 25.6 d. for Is. 4-. Toilet Bottles from Is. 6d. Tt )I LET ARTICLES are always useful, but many that we sell are ornamental also. A glance at this shoct list will show you some of the nice things we keep In this line Hair Prushes from Is. Dressing Combs from 4ict. Hand Mirrors from 6d. Nail Brushes. Puff Boxes. Tooth brushes Pocket Combs. Tooth Powder Boxes. Scent Sprays, splendid assottmE•nt. Fringe Nets Rohl- er E4ponges Smelling and Toilet Bottles. TOILET SOAPS

IN GRBAT VARIETY. Honey Curd, Elder Flower, Brown Windsor, 2d, per tablet ; 8 tablets for is Glycerine and Cucumber. White Rose and Giyrerine, Coal Tar. 21t4. per tablet ; 5 tablets for is., Castile soap, 30. per tablet. A specially choice variety of milled euperflae eoaps suitable for the most delicate skins as follows Violette de Parme, usual Bd. tablet for 31d. : is. ed. box (3 tablets), 104 Grey Oatmeal, usual 6d. tablet for 34d• ; s 6d. bcx (3 tablets) led, Marshmallow and Glycerine. 6d. tablet or 3.1 d,; Is, 6d. box (3 tablets) Cold Cream and Honey, 6d. table 31d. ; is ed. box 10d. Honeysuckle and Bee. A choice Soap dalic-tte'y perfumed, usuarly soil at about 10d. per tablet; our price We ean renomramend this particular lint, of Choice Soaps with all coLild- ence.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
ANSWBRED AND Tlin

BIGHT TESTRD FREE! OF CHARM..

Glasses only recommendel where necessary.

Call or write for my 10 page Booklet en" Defective bight."—Free of Charge.

HEILBRON, SIGHT SPECIALIST.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
EYE TESTING ROOMS FOR

SPECTACLES.

841 BRIDGE STREET,

W ARRINKO N.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0141.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19030102_art0142.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Cop:

===== 0002601_19030102_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
BECAUSE

CUSTOMERS

CONSTANTLY

REAL IZING

WORTH

===== 0002601_19030102_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
BENEFIT

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not later than Thursday. Correspondents are strongly advised to write briefly. A short letter has a much greater chance of insertion than a long one. We cannot under ordinary circumstances undertake to return the nxanuscripts which are not used.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
The Recent Eisteddfod.

Sir,—We must again ask your, permission to reply as I briefly as possible to the correspondence on the above. Mr. Payton says we have evaded the main issue. We, however, deait with his letter point by point and evaded nothing. The main issues with us.and which we clearly stated,were the allegations against ourselves. Note how mild he has become. On again referring to his previous letter we find he set out to show .'Why we didn't win," or rather "WhY we were notplacedhigher;" made certain allegations against ourselves and asked us a certain question all of which we sufficiently answered. He seems to have forgotten most of these things, and no* it is merely a question of principle. It is quite clear Mr. Payton is getting over the deep disappdintment of defeat and is sorry he spoke. He cannot, however, get quite over it all at once and en- deavours to give us a fresh dig or two. Mr. Payton should,however, not indulge in newspaper correspond- ence unless he can be more careful. Take the sentence in which he says the Apollo committee "ought not to have exercised any voice in arranging the different pegs for the choirs to hang on." This can be construed in different ways. We are sure,however, that the reputa- tion of the gentleman who acted as judge stands too high in Mr. Payton's eyes for us to take it any way but the most charitable one and we therefore take it that this is intended to be humorous. He then goes on to say in speaking of Mr. Berrey considering he luid a great deal td do with "getting up the Eistedd- fod," Now Mr. Payton should not make statements he ' cannot prove and we defy him or anyone else to prove that remark true. Mr. Berrey had no more to do with getting up the Eisteddfod than had Mr. Payton. The last paragraph is not worthy of a gentleman of Mr. Payton's standing. Perhaps we ought to make plain to the public one thing in our last letter that should be quite clear to every competitor, i.e, when we remarked that we were under no obligation to make inquiries, etc. The rules provided for a protest and any competitor aggrieved had his remedy. Both sides would have been heard and each protest thrashed out on its merits, and if any com- petitor had not got fair play then would have been the time to have exposed us in the press. This straightfor- ward course does not seem to have been to the liking of these babies in competition fighting, and the irrelev- ancies which the letters in last Saturday's paper have developed are ample proof that this correspondence is not bona-fide. Instruction has been freely imparted to the com- mittee as to what they should do by gentlemen who /show by their own letters that they are unable to appreciate the difficulties they are discussing. Just to instance one difficulty upon which we express no opinion but npon which there are many divergent ones. The Warrington Male Voice Choir possess amongst them several trained singers who are constantly paid for their vocal services. Some of these blatant amateurs (?) who appeared in last Saturday's paper might say that these people should have been excluded. We say to any- one holding this opinion or in anyway aggrieved, have the pluck to make and prove your own protest. If you don't, don't come and hit us in the back after it is all over, and at the same time shield yourself behind a non-de-plume. Just a word to those anonymosities who have used the word "Gentlemanly, ungentlemanly, and spirit of generosity." Regarded in the light of the letters in which they appear these words are so much insincere twaddle, and won't prevent us hitting back when we are attacked.

There is another question that is quite off the point and is only further proof of what we have referred to above, that this correspondence is not bona-fide, and springs from petty jealousy and a desire to rehabilitate their own reputation at our expense by detracting from the merit of our victories by every means in their power. For the sake of our members, we cannot, although so contemptibly false, allow it to pass in silence. Are these anonymous individuals who filled almost a column of the " Examiner " so ignorant of their subject that they are unaware that many competi- tions are thrown" open to all corners" (these last four words are from a quotation from a syllabus before me as I write of one of the Eisteddfods where we have won.) We did exactly as our fellow competitors did, and were entitled to do, and is it conceivable that these gentlemen wish the public to believe that such old and experienced competition fighters as Wigan,, Southport, Garswood Src., allowed us without a protest to carry off prizes if we had done anything but what was absolutely fair and square, and in accordance with the rules; and is it possible that they give your readers so little credit for common sense as to try and make them believe that we passed off as an amateur, the best known figure (in Mr. Berrey) in competitions in Lancashire to-day? We have taken a legal opinion on " Interested's" letter and are advised that it is distinctly libellous and that we could sue, but as we know the individual we know consequently that the game would not be worth the candle, but if that indivi- dual has the spirit of a man let him come forth, append his name to his letter and the public will then see who he is and appreciate his motive and remarks at their true worth. .

We are sorry to take up so much of your space Mr. Editor, but we are desirous of keeping our end up our- selves without the assistance of several deputies. Again thanking you in anticipation, we remain yours sincerely, THE COMMITTEE OF THE APOLLO CHOIR. R. W. Cook (Hon. Sec.) 31, Selby-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SANKEY MATTERS.

Extra Postal Facilities to be Obtained.

Another Constable Wanted.

Mr. G. Thompson presided at a meting of the Great Sankey Parish Council which was held in the Board schools on Tuesday evening. There were also present :—Messrs. T. Halton, J. Fulton Smith, W. Taylor and J. Smith (clerk).

===== 0002601_19030102_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
SWINE REMOVAL ORDERS.

The Clerk reported that in accordance with the in- structions of the Council he wrote to, Police Super- intendent Cocker, pointing out that an alteration had recently been made whereby persons removing swine had to make a journey to Earlestown to obtain removal orders. Previously the orders could be obtained from the sergant at Sankey. The journey to Earlestown in- volved considerable loss of time and the previous arrangements would be of greater advantage in every. way. He also wrote to Mr. J. W. Knowles, the repre- sentative of the district on the County Council, calling his attention to the matter. He had received a reply from the Acting Superintendent at Leigh stating that the sergeant at Sankey granted removal orders for swine in the district and it was only necessary to go to the inspector at Earlestown when swine were brought into the district from another local authority,say for instance, the County of Chester. Mr. Knowles replied to the same effect. Mr. Halton, who had introduced the matter, expressed his satisfaction at the result of the correspondence.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
FURTHER POSTAL FACILITIES TO BE OBTAINED.

The Clerk said he wrot• to the Postmaster at War- rington respecting a Sunday delivery of letters for Hood- lane and Huntley-street, Sankey Bridges, and also with a view to an arrangement being made to enable residents beyond the point at which the delivery would termin- ate to obtain their letters by calling for them on Sun- day morning, say during one hour at the Sankey Bridge's' Post Office, included in the arrangement the residents inCow-lane. He received a reply from the authorities at London stating that from inquiries which had been made it was found that the cost of establishing a 'Sunday service to Great Sankey—with a delivery in Hood-lane and Huntley-street—would be warranted. Before it could be instituted, however, it would be necessary for the Council to pass a resolution in favour of the proposed 'service by a majority of not less than two-thirds of those present, and to give an assurance that it represented the wishes of the inhabitants gener- ally. Mr. Halton moved that the Council, ask the Postmaster General to extend to the residents of Hood- lane a delivery of letters on Sunday morning. He thought that in a growing district such as that it was quite reasonable to ask that they should have a Sunday morning delivery. I Mr. Thompson seconded, and said he was sute it was I the wish of the vast majority of the residents to have I a Sunday delivery. lz was a most important district, and it was rather a hardship that letters could be de- -1 livered in Liverpool-road and not in Hood-lane, where I I the residents had to wait un•01 Monday morning..

Mr. Halton embraced in his resolution that he resi- dents beyond the point at which the delivery would terminate could call at tne Sankey Bridges Office for , letters on the Sunday. This was agreed to, and the Clerk was instructed to give the necessary assurance to the postal authorities.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
LIGHTING OF THE TOWNSHIP.

The Clerk was Instructed to interview the Clerk to the Rural Council with a view to making inquiries from the gas department as to the cost of obtaining a number of incandescent lights for the township, and extending the time during which the lamps should be kept lighted.

EXTENSIVE-ROBBERIES.-A-.NOTHER CONSTABLE WANTED. Mr. Halton, in emphasising the need of an additional constable at Sankey, pointed out that since the last meeting a number of robberies had been perpetrated. He thought it was high time that something should be done to protect farmers and the public generally in this direction. If an extra constable could be obtained to

===== 0002601_19030102_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, January 2, 1903.

reside near Sankey station it would be of great service to the neighbourhood. The Chairman endorsed Mr. Halton's remarks and said the Council had been agitating for another constable for some time. He was sure they all sympathised with Mr. Taylor in his loss.

kr. Halton said he was sorry to say that Mr. Taylor was not the only sufferer. He (Mr. Halton) had been robbed to the extent of nearly fifty fowls. There had also been robberies from the premises of Messrs. Knowles, Grimshaw, Jeans,,Warburton(Caliand's Farm), Warburton (Dial Post Farm, Burtonwood), and a farm at Bewsey. The thieves had been at work all round the district- The Clerk was instructed to write to the authorities again calling attention to the need of an extra constable and also referring to the robberies committed.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
LUMBAGO AND SCIATICA.

Manyare cursed with this complaint in the • bitter months of winter and snffer, grimly bearing the daily torture, witnout knowing of a certain cure. To such the experience of Mr. A. Baldwin, of Hinton Villas, New Road, Marlow, Bucks, should be useful reading. Writing on July 23, 1902, he says he was taken with a severe attack of Lumbago in August 1900. A few days later Sciatica settled in the hip joint and affected the whole of the left leg. About Christmas of the same year it was easier, but in i 1901, in the spring, it returned n terrible form. Hehad to go to bed, and his hip was blistered by a doctor, but he was walking on crutches all that year until October. About then, he was induced to try the great remedy, Dodd's Kidney Pills. They proved a hlessing to him, as they have done to thousands, by driving the pain, caused by uric acid in the blood, out af the system. The fact is, as in all cases of the Rheumatic family of diseases, the kidneys were at fault. Dodd's Kidney Pills made them well, and the uric acid in the blood, which caused the pain, was taken out of the system. Dodd's Kidney Pills are 2/9 per box, of all Chemists, or post free on receipt of price from the Dodd's Medi- cine Co., 2:3, Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C. Be sure of the name, D-o-d-d-'s. •

===== 0002601_19030102_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football.

By " Ovalist."

Warrington to-day start a new page in their fixture list, and it is to be hoped that the record to be inscribed upon it,will compare more than favourably with the one just completed. Half the season has gone and the position of the Warrington Club has to be reckoned from the bottom of the table, from which unenviable position they are Seven places removed. That seems fairly good, but the three nearest clubs are very near indeed and might easily profit by a further slip on Warrington's part. As a rule Warrington are higher up on the table than this—and they may reasonably hope to rise in the world during the next four months, for the fixtures are mostly at home. Last season at this time Warrington stood third in the League table' only BroughtOn Rangers and Hull beinc, above them. This was mainly due, however, to the success which attended the team in the holiday matches, when Huddersfield, Leigh, and Runcorn were successively vanquished. The results have been just the opposite this time, and Warrington have lost every point during the holidays. That there is better luck in store for the club I hope and believe.

TM last match of 1902 was with Huddersfield. on Saturday at Fartown.. Warrington were well repre- sented and had reasonable prospects of victory, but success was denied them. Truth to tell they did not deserve it. Deere got two tries on Fish's wing which Ido not think he would have got had the County left-winger been in condition for the game. By the way he moved, Christmas plum pudding seemed to lie heavy on Fish's chest. His lack of form was mainly responsible for the defeat, the other members of the team giving a fair display. There was never- theless none of that dashing combination which one was wont to see from the Warrington backs when at full, strength. Such combination as there was, was inefficient and slow,the half-backs failing conspicuously to get the ball clear of the nick. Hockenhall frequently ran too far diagon- ally and he should watch this point carefully for it spoils which would otherwise be a promising opening. Dickenson and Isherwood both strove manfully to break through,but had no luck and the Fartowners wen by eight points to five.

Warrington's try was only (Tot in the last minute of the game when Edmunds ran down from Dickenson's pass and centred so cleverly that Roberts had the line at his mercy. He dropped on the ball under the goal and Fish popped it over the bar. Deere's two tries demonstrated that he is a flier, and the fact that he should have been stopped does not detract from the merit of his performances.

The Huddersfield team is one of the very few which consistently play open football. When they came to Warrington last season this fact was remarked, and on Saturday last they maintained their reputation. Up to the time that the home team scored the second try the game was very open, and full of combined move- ments which carried the ball from one end of the field to the other. In the latter stages it deteriorated some- what, but as a whole it was a very pleasant game to watch. Both Deere's tries were the outcome of good passing and the same may be said for the one which fell to Warrington. On the Huddersfield side both Dewhirst and Deere were very good on the right wing the other pair being only moderate. Readyhough was in fine form at full-back and quite outclassed .Hallam who was very unsteady and slow. Among an ener- getic and medium-weight pack of forwards Chambers stood out conspicuously. lam told he is a Methodist parson and, of course, an amateur. If he is anything like so good a preacher as he is a forward he should be worth listening to. In their search for forwards the Warrington Committee have probably never thought of looking through the ministerial ranks I'll warrant, Could not some bulky parson be persuaded to don the "primrose and blue.

have already referred to the play cif some of the Warrington men. The experiment on the right wing was of course, keenly Watched. Edmunds did very well for his inches,but there is no gainsaying the fact that his smallness renders him incapable of filling a regular place in first league football. He is a clever little player, and it is a great pity that Nature has not blessed him with a little more length and breadth. The forwards gave a fair display and they could not, on this occasion be blamed more than anyinie else kr the defeat.

Broughton Rangers on Saturday lowered the colours of the Halifax men and now stand an even better chance than the latter of securing the champ;on- ship. Swinton failed at Hull by a goal-kick, while Runcorn did a good performance in winning at Wigan. Perhaps they were lucky! Anyhow they have decided not to report the Wigan crowd for the mobbing which followed the nne-point victory. Widnes and St. Helens had a deadly duel at Widnes, where the home side won comfortably.

The South-West Lancashire League table up-to-date is as follows : Points

P. W. L. D. For Agst. Pts. Leigh 6 ... 3 ... 1 ... 2 ... 34 21 ... 8 Runcorn

Warrington Wigan Widnes 5 ... 1 ... 4 ... 0 ... 8— 20 ... 2 St. Helens

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON WEEK ENDING 20TH DECEMBER 1902. During the week, the following Births and Deaths were registered :—Warrington Registration District, births, 49 ; deaths, 28. The excess of births over deaths was 21. The birth-rate was equal to 38•8. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 22.1 per 1.000, against 172 the average of the previous 4 weeks and against 103 the corresponding period of last year. The death-rate from the seven chief Zymotic Diseases

===== 0002601_19030102_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. JOSEPH HARRISON, IP.

DEATH AND FUNERAL. A Long Public Career.

In the early hours of Sunday morning, there peace- fully passed away Mr. Joseph Harrison, J.P., at the advanced acre of 80 years. He died at his residence, Woodbine 'Terrace, Latchford, and the immediate cause Of death was cirrhosis of the spinal cord. Mr. Harrison's long career was closely identified with the public life of Warrington. Up to within a few years ago, when failing health confined him to the house,the late Mr. Harrison took a prominent part in the municipal, political and philan- throllic wprk of the town. A Warrington man by birth, he took an interest in all its affairs and assisted in its many activities. To a man who had led such an active life, it was a great trial to be confined to his bedroom for the last two years oF his life, but he bore it with great fortitude and patience. Mr. Charles White was his medical attend- ant, and was unremitting in his attention to relieve the suffering of his patient. On Friday night, Mr. Harri- son was in an unconscious condition, and it was seen that the end was very near. He gradually sank, and breathed his last at four o'clock on Sunday morning. He was the eldest son of the late Mr. William Harrison, the first appointed registrar of Warrington, and a member of the family of Harrisop, of "Pill Moss," Over Whitley, Cheshire—a family of the Yeomanly class who owned a small estate there for several generations. He had been twice married; the first time to Emma Sarah the youngest daughter of the late Mr. James Charles, of Mosley-street, Manchester, of the firm of Hague Marshall, and • Tidswell, calico printers; and the ' second time to Bessie, second daughter of Mr. Charles Atkinson, land surveyor,, of Lincoln. He is survived by his widow and a son.

For more. than 30 years, the late Mr. Harrison was High Bailiff of the Warrington County Court, with which he had been connected since its establishment in 1846. During that titne three judges and three registrars had been in office. When Mr. Harrison resigned his position in 1897, the duties were under- taken by the Registrar, Mr. T. J. Ridgway. Mr. Harrison first entered the Town Council in , November 1864 as the representative of the South West Ward, now known as St. Austins Ward, and it was not until the 9th November, 1900, that he te-- minated his connection with the Corporation after 36 years continuous service. During that time he had sat on. all the committees of the Corperation,had been pro- moted to an Aldermanic seat, had been thrice elected Mayor, and finally in 1897 the honorary freeman of the Borough was conferred upon him" in recognition of his eminent public services." During his Mayoralty in the years 1883-4-5-6, Mr. Harrison instituted the Christmas hot-pot for the poor, an institution which has been maintained up to the present, and one which is greatly appreciated by the poorest of the town. Mr: Harrison was an accomplished speaker, and his speeches were frequently interlarded with quotations from: Shakespeare. Mr. Harrison was appointed a justice of tha peace for the Borough by the Crown in 1886, and as long as he was able to climb the steps leading to the Court Room at the old Police Station, he was very regular in his attendance on the Bench. In giving the deci- sions of the Bench he invariably delivered a little homily to the defendaict or the prisoner, which was sometimes appreciated but more frequently not. For several years he was chairman of the Board of Guar- dians, and for a considerable period a member, and he was quite an authority on poor-law administration, of which he had made a careful study. He also greatly interested himself in the Infirmary and Dis- pensary, of which he was a life governor, and one of his last public appearances was at a meeting of the Governors of this institution, three years ago.

VOTE OF CONDOLENCE. Speaking at the annual meeting of the Warrington Conservative Club, on Tuesday evening, Alderman Francomb observed that since their last meeting they had heard of the death of a very old and respected member of the Conservative Association, namely, Mr. Joseph Harrison, J.P. They all knew what a staunch Conservative he had been and what a treie and honour- able supporter of the cause he was. No man had evey lived in Warrington who had worked more loyally for the party. He had lived to a ripe old age, over 80years, but still they were exceedingly sorry to bear of his death. He had known the time when Mr. Harrison was a mighty power in Warrington, but time was the grent leveller of all of them; no matter how strong a man was in his youth, age put an end to that strength, and the grave finished them all off. He moved that a resolu- tion of sympathy be sent from the meeting to Mrs Harrison and family. Mr. THOMAS MASON, in seconding the proposition, observed that he was sure he was speaking the senti- ments of all present when he said they fully reciprocated the kind remarks which Alderman Francomb had made. The Conservatives had lost a gteat friend in the late Mr. Harrison, who took a deep and active interest in everything that appertained to the welfare of the Con- servative party. He was always found ready to render assistance. They sincerely sympathised with Mrs. Har- rison in the great affliction which had befallen her. The motion was unanimously carried.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

Monthly Meeting.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural Dis- trict Council was held at Bewsey Chambers on Wed- nesday afternoon, Mr. J. Ball presiding. There were also present :—Dr. Murray, Messrs. Halton, Brooks, Mather, Houghton,‘Backhonse, and Forshaw ; with Dr. Sephton (medical officer), Messrs. J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), F. Kerfoot (inspector), B. S. Newcombe (surveyor), and H. Burnhge (assistsht sur- veyor).

===== 0002601_19030102_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTH LANCASHIRE TRAMWAYS.

The CLERK reported the receipt of a number of docu- ments with reference to the South Lancashire Tram- ways, and said he had assented to the Bill now before Parliament on behalf of the Council. Correspondence had taken place with reference to the proposed tram- way through Burtcnwood, but the Council did not appearto have aplan of the section. HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT.

WINWICK ASYLUM HOSPITAL A CCOMMODATION. THE TREATMENT OF SMALL-PDX CASES AT SANKEY. Dr. SEPHTON reported that during the month there had been 26 births and 36 deaths, the death-rate being equal to 37 per 1,000. Two deaths from ent eric fever had occurred in Winwick Asylum, and five fresh cases had been notified. As requested by the Council he had made inquiries with regard to the isolation hospital at Winwick Asylum. He had ascertained that the Local Government Board required that every building which was to contain infected persons or things should be at least forty feet distant from the asylum boundary. As the building in question was fully tha.t distance from the boundary the Cornea had no power to move in the matter. Eighteen of the deaths notified occurred in the asylum, and exclusive of these the death rate was 17.8. He bad received a letter dated December 29th, from Dr. Sergeant, County Medical °Meer, with regard to typhoid fever at Winwick Asylum, stating that no case had occure,d during the past sixteen days. He had care7ully investigated the outbreak and considered that personal infection from an introduced ambulatory case was the most likely cause of the spread of the disease. Precautions were being taken in every direction, and at the present time the drains were being inspected by an experienced sanitary engineer. Mr. HALTON said he naderstood that a case of small- pox had been removed to Sankey. Could the medical officer or inspector give him any information with regard to the drainage of the building in which the patient was confined.

The INSPECTOR said the sewnge ran into a ditch as was the case in most country places. Dr. SEPHTON assured the Council that every precau- tion was being taken by Dr. Gornall to prevent any infectious matter rupning into the brook. The repott, was adopOd. ' BURTONWOOD WATER SUPPLY. Mr. FORSHAW pointed out. for the information of the Council that the income derived from payments of con- sumers of Corporation water would be sufficiently large to ensure that no charge whatever would be made upon non-users of the water. TELEGRAPH POLES TO BE REMOVED. _ The SURV EiOR reported the receipt of a letter from _ _

was equal to P 5 per 1,000, against P 74 the average rate the Post Office telegraphs er3ineersLating that the poles of the previous 4 weeks and against •8 the corresponding in Penny-lane, Burtonwood, would be removed as early period of 1901. as possible. The ages of mortality were:— 1, This was all the business of public intorest. 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65—up. Total ; 9 3 1 10 5 28 : 41111. The deaths included 3 from diarrhcea, 2 from phthisis, .

, 1 from cancer, 6 from lung diseases, 1 frOm heari, Sankey Coronation Festivities. disease, 1 fror- accidents, 14 from all other causes. The following ca::-..,:t ~.f infectious disease have been reported At a meeting of the Great Sankey 'Coronation Corn- during OA wee::. :—small pox 1 case, scarlet fever 5 mittee on Tuesday evening Mr. T. Halton submitted cases, eeysipelas 2 cases. the balance sheet which showed that after paying all Total number of patients in hospital week ending expenses in Connection with the fesfivities there was 20th December, 46. . a credit balance of 11s. 91-d The total • amount sub- METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 47 Fah., scribed was £6O Os. id. 2 * and therefore 10 degrees higher than preceding week. , The maximumtemperature 56 F., was recorded on the ' 16th inst., and the minimum temperature 38 F., on tke , 15th inst. tion was N.W.

NO APPETITE? NO APPETITE' NO APPETITE ? NO APPEpirT,? NO APPETITE' NO APPETITE?

Try slme Keen's Mustard." with your meat. It will give It a ti tvour and piquancy which are quite irresistible—

The rainfall measured 112 inch. The general direc- --

J. GUEST GORNALL. Medical Officer of Health.

Rut be sure ft is REMUS D.S.F. MUSTARD,"

===== 0002601_19030102_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

ALLEGED THEFT AT EARLESTOWN.

At the Warrington Occasional Court on Monday, John Keenan, a young man, was remanded to the Warrington County Petty Sessions.on the charge of stealing a vest and muffler, value 55., the property of John Walters. an Earlestown collier, on October 21st.—Evidc.nce was given to the effect that prisoner went to lodge at prose- cutor's house, but left the following morning, and after his vest and muffler were missed. WA.RGRAVE CHURCH CHOIR SOCIAL.

The Choir of the above Church held another of their pleasant socials on Mbnday evening in the schoolroom. There were about 25 couples present and the music was provided by Messrs. Peplow and Walker. Dancing was commenced at 8 o'clock and kept up till a late hour. The duties of M.C.'s were ably carried out by Mr. Reg Carson, and W. H. Sweetlove. Phonograph selections were given at intervals by Mr. T. Porter. The catering was carried out by Mrs Holt and gave every satisfaction.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
WARGRAVE CHURCH SOCIAL.

The annual social in connection with the above church was held in the Wargrave Schoolroom on Friday even- ing. The room had been nicely decorated by Miss Alice Shepherd. There were about 50 couples present, and dancing was indulged in till a late hour to musi t pro- vided by Mr. Dukes. The M.C.'s were Mr. R. Carson, T. Molyneux, G Sutton. and W. H. Sweetlo ,re, and they performed their duties in a very able manner. The proceeds were devoted to church expenses.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
CATHOLIC CHARITY BALL, AT EARLESTOWN:

On Boxing night the fourth annual Catholic Charity Ball took place in the Town Hall, Earlestow.i. The room wcs very prettily decorated and about 80 couples were present, a very animated scene being presented when dancing commenced. The music was supplied by Mr. Peplow's string band, and dancing was indulged in with much spirit until 3 or 4 o'clock on Saturday morn- ing. The M.C.'s were Messrs. J. Fitzgerald, J. Higham, and G. Moon.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
Sr. JOHNS CHURCH COMPLETION FUND.

A ball in aid of the above fund was held ix the Town Hall,Earlestown on Monday evening. The room was tastefully decorated by Mr. E T. Evans and presented a very pretty appearance. About 40 couples were pre- sent and dancing was commenced at 8.30 to the strains of Mr, Sudwoith's band and kept up till a late hour. The M.C.'s were Messrs. S. Openshaw and C. Littler, who performed their duties in a creditable manner. The arrangements were satisfactOrily carried out by Messrs. S. Kilminster, G- Dale, J. Haskins and E, Martin. ST. MICHAEL'S, BURTONWOOD.

The great Christmas event at Burton Wood is the Mercy Tree. The tree is anticipated weeks beforehand with great delight by the children and young people of the parish. Saturday afternoon last saw a packed tea- room, and,later, a very crowded tree and party room. The company, including adults, numbered about 400, and provision had been made for the free gifts to some 300 children young and old. The evening was a lively one, and gave the guests intense delight. The Vicar presided, Mrs. Webster distributed the Merciful League rewards.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
THE- NEW YEAR HOLIDAYS.

Contrary to expectation the whole of the works in the district closed on Wednesday evening for ihe remainder of the week and will re-open for business on Monday morning. It was at first expec'Led tbat only the Viaduct works would close for the time named, but both the Vulcan Foundry and Messrs Vicars' decided to follow the example of the Viaduct Works.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIMITIVE METHODIST SUNDAY SCHOOL.

On Friday the annual Christmas tea, entertainment and prize distribution in connection- with the above took place in the schoolroom. The scholars sat down to teaat four o'clock, and at its conclusion games were in- dulged in until about seven o'clock, when the entertain- ment was proceeded with. The Rev. G. Cook presided,. and the annual school report was read by the secretary, Mr, J. T. Austin. During an interval in the entextain- ment the awards to the scholars for regular attendance and lessons, nurnberiug upwards of 90, were distributed by Mr. J. Woods. Vocal items were rendered by Miss J. Hill, L. Woods and Mr. A, Grissold' and phono- graph selections by Mr. T. Porter. ST. PETER'S CHURCH,. NEWTON. On Saturday evening the Crow-lane branch of the St. Peter's Sunday school held their annual tea and Christmas tree in the sghoolroom in Gas-street. About 70 children sat down to tea. Mrs. Whiteman and Miss A. Ritchie presided at the tables. After tea Mr. H. Bradshawgave a magic lantern entertainment which was much enjoyed. When leaving, the children were given a present from the Christmas tree and various kinds ot fruit.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW YEAR AT EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

With the closing of the various works, and the exodus of a large number of people bent on holiday making the streets wore a very quiet appearance. The night of New Year's Eve was fine, but beyond pedestrians wending their way to the Watchnight Services at the various places of Worship, there were not many people about. On the stroke of 12 o'clock, the birth of a new year was heralded by the blowing of the buzzers at the different works in the neighbourhood, but there was an entire absence of rowdyism. As inprevious years the Viaduct brass band mustered on the Market-square, and dis- coursed several selections of appropriate music. Here also a large number of people, chiefly of the younger generation congregated, and as the New Year was entered upon they enjoyed themselves in dancing and singing topical songs. New Year's morning was notable for a thick fog, but this happily cleared away about ten o'clock and a beautiful day supervened. In the afternoon some 2,000 or 3,000 people assembled on the Earlestown football g,round to witness an encounter between Earlestown and bt Helens Town in the Lancashire League the latter winning the rubber by 3 goals to 1, a severe disappointment to the , Earlestown spectators who fully expected their favour- ites to win.

In the evening the various schools held their annual treats, at which there were distributions of awards for punctuality and lessons. At the Wesleyan Sunday school, after tea, the usual annual school report was read and a pleasing entertain- ment was given consisting of vocal items and recita- tions by the Brunswick quartet party, Messrs. G. W. Kidd, R. A. Robinson, J. Eckersley,Mrs.C. W. Hipwood, Misses 0. Booth, Ethel King, Minnie Barr, Eleanor Teece, Alice Green and Master Joseph Atkinson. A humorous dialogue "Six of one and half-a-dozen of the other," was presented, and created much amusement, the characters being represented by Messrs. W. Clare, Theo. Clare S. Gregory, Misses K. Alderson, Marsh and France. The prizes to the children wer e afterwards dis- tributed by the Rev. C. E. 'Dove. The usual gatherings were also held at the Congrega- tional and Baptist Sunday schools whereentertainments were given and awards distributed. At the Primitive Methodist schoolroom the elder scholars held their annual New Year's treat, the evening, after tea, being spent in singing and various games.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

A BOY'S DANGEROUS ACT.

William Odom, aged twelve, of Glover-street, St. Helens, was charged at St. Helens on Monday with stealing eleven rubber washers from the vacuum-brake pipes of the London and Nortb-Western Railway passenger coaches at St. Helens Railway Station on the 19th and 20th inst. Peter Harrison, foreman carriage cleane7, spoke to missing the rubber washers, and said that if one of the vehicles was placed in a train tho brakes would not have acted properly. There was con- siderable danger.of something serious happening.—The magistrates cautioned the lad as to his future conduct and ordered him to receive six strokes with the birch. ST. HELENS COLLIERY BOY'S STRANGE ACCIDENT.

An inquest was held at Peasley Cross, St. Helens, on Saturday afternoon, on Harold Forster, aged thirteen, son of the "underlooker" at the King Pit of the Sutton Heath and Lea Green collieries, who died in the St. Helens Hospital on Christmas Day morning. The lad hurt himself while jumping off a stage in the haulage road ol the pit on November 14th. There were no marks of injury, and he worked again on the following day (Saturday), although he was in pain. He resided at the Nutgrove Colliery-yard. Dr. Jackson subsequently found that the bottom of his backbone had been Nu, ed, and at the hospital performed an operation, but the lad sank and died. De. Jackson told the jury that by some strange chance the lad had broken a piece of bone off the inner Fart or front side of the backbone,and this had caused an immense amount of suppmation. The boy died from exhaustion. A verdict of "Accidental death "was returned.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
Unclaimed Soldiers' Pay._

The "London Gazette." -of Tuesday night cont&us a further list of soldiers' .balances unclaimed. In- cluded in it,is the following :---Private T. Reilly, Ist Bat'caFon South.LanCashire Regiment, £l2 16s. 3d.

IPLEASANT PARAGRAPHS: "WHAT makes you limp so Shoes too small ? " I' No ; feet too large." MANY a man's reputation depends on what isn't found out about him. _

" TuAT is what I call rough," murmured the horse•radish, as it came in contact with the grater. CHARLES: "Did the tailor take your measure ?" Algy : "I guess he did. He said I'd have to pay in advance."

CLARA—" Mr. Nicefellow said my face was classic. What did he mean?" .Dora—" Oh, any- thing old is classic, you know." "WHAT made you think he belongs to the Army ?" "Well, when the clock struck ten, he got up and turned out the gas." "

_ DINER: "Isn't that a rather small steak ? " Waiter: "Yes, sir; but you'll find it will take you a good while to eat it." G uiDE (pointing to Egyptian Pyramids) : " It took hundreds of years to build them." O'Brien (the contractor) : ." Thin it wor a G-over'mint job— eh ? " . _ _

: "What a wretchedly bad play! I wonder the people don't hiss it." She "Well, they can't very well yawn and hiss at the same time." JOHNNY: "Pa, what is meant by descriptive writing?" Pa: "Descriptive Writing, my son, if that part of a book which is generally skipped." " THREE knots an hour isn't such bad time for a clergyman," smilingly said the minister to him- self, just after he had united the third couple. JOHNNY: "Which would you prefer to be des- cended from—a king, duke, earl, or baronet?" Tommy: "Oh, I'd sooner be a .parachute-jumper, and descend trom a balloon." _

"MRS. DE STYLE is not in, you say? Why, I saw her through the window as I came up the steps." ' Servant (blandly)—" Shure, mum, that was only her shadow you saw." " WOMEN and cats," said the youthful boarder, "are alike." "Wrong, young man," said the cheerful listener. "A woman can't run up a tele- graph pole, and a cat can't run up a millinery hill."

MRS. WALSH : "I don't think there is anything worse than to have to ask one's husband for money, do you ? " Mrs. Wokeup "Oh yes, there is—to have him refuse it."

MAMMA: "Did Mr. Middle say anything that leads you to think lie intends to propose?" Daughter: "He asked me if there was a mortgage on the house."

FIRST Little Girl: "Has your sister begun tak- ing music lessons yet?" Second Little Girl: "She's takin' somfin' on th' piano, but I can't tell yet whether it's music or typewritin'." A Wisz child whose big sister is an ardent cyclist was trying to tell a visitor what bloomers were. "They're just like pants," he said, "only fatter."

MOTHER : " Willie, didn't I say I'd whip you if 3,0 u put another piece of indiarubber onthe stove?. Willie: "Yes; but 'tain'tP me this time ma. It's pa smokin' one 4 them cigars,you gave him." Wir.mg : "Nellie, what is a microbe?" (reading a book and not wanting to be bothered): "Oh, aatbing that gets into things." Williet "Well, then baby's a microbe, for every time 1 g• downstairs, she gets into my things." "Dlir son," said the father, solemnly, "when you see a boy always loafing about the street corners, what place in life do you suppose he is fitting himself for ? " "To be a policeman. "My dear," said Growells, "you are simply talking nonsense." "I know it," replied his better half, • "but it's because I want you to understand what 1 say." EDITOR "You're sure you haven't submittod this poem anywhere else ? ' Poet : "Yes, sir." Ediuor : "Then how is it you have a black eye and walk on crutches ? "

MAGISTRATE "So you admit having been en- gaged in making counterfeit money?" Prisoner; "Yes, your Worship ; you see the supply of the genuine article is so very, very short." "I THINK," said the old lady wisely, "that young Mr. Binks has a hold on -Mabel's affections." "Possibly—possibly," replied the old gentleman, who had just glanced into the parlour. "At any rate; he has a hold on her waist."

PUPIL (in riding school): "I thought you said that after twenty lessons of an hour each I should know how to ride this wretched bicycle?" Riding Master: "So you would, miss, if you hadn't un- fortunately spent the best part of that time on the ground instead of on the saddle." A MOTHER of twins one night heard a series of giggles proceeding from the neighbourhood of the children's bed. "What are you laughing at there!" "Oh. nothing," replied Edith, one of the twins, "only you have givenalnd two baths; and Alice none at all"

" OUR wars," said the South American, " have one distinct advantage over the wars that are waged on other parts of the globe." "What is that ?" he was asked. "When you go to war," he replied, "you make it necessary for some other country to be at war. We don't." IDA : "Miss Olde and Jack Newby don't speak?" May: "No ; he offended her at the skating carnivel. She told him .to cut her age in the ice. He went to cut sixteen but his skate slipped, the figures got mixed, and when she went to view his skill shssaw sixty-one." TEACHER (taking the class in English history)— "Now, William Johns:a, what happened on the lith of November ? (Guy Fawkes' Day). William (readily)—" Please, sir, our Henry got his eye blown out, and dad singed off all his whiskers." PRISCILLA : Jack is the oddest fellow. He took me driving yesterday, and when we were seven miles from home he said if I wbuldn't promise to marry him he'd make me get out and walk back." Penelope: "Did you walk back?" Priscilla: "No, indeed ; but the horse did."

HIS REAL PURPOSE. - MTS. Goodsoul (sym- pathetically): "Why, how did 'you come to slip down on the doorstep, Brother Lanka ?" The Reverend Mr. Lanks (with chastened dignity) : "I didn't come to slip down on the doorstep, Sister Goodsoul—l came to call !"

As TO A NEIGHBOURING FAMILY JAR.—" Every- body knows about it," said Mrs. Bickers, during a temporary cessation of hostilities. "Some people take her part and some take her husband's part." "And I suppose," snarled Bickers, "there are a few eccentric individuals who mind their own business?"

"Do you know much about music?" "Not a great eeal," answered Mr. Rufshod. "But I've managed to find out that if you hear anything in a theatre at the co,e, of ha;f a guinea per seat, it's art; and if sonieb:)dy biegs the same thing in the hovse next door, or hammers it out on a piano, it's an infernal row. I'm getting on." THEY had wandered into the conservatory. The music came to them in faint rhythmic throbs. "I have had many men at mv feet," she was saying, carelessly. "but in vain. None of them meet my requirements." He pondered. "Have you tried corn-plasters ? " he suddeely asked. I have known them to do the work when the most skilful chiropodists have failed." TOMMY was presented lately by his older sister with a neat pen-wiper for use at a school which he had just begun attending. He admired it, but remarked, "I shan't have much use for it, Jennie." "Why not, Tommy? You use a pen every day at school." "Yes, I know that." "Why don't you use a pen-wiper, then?" she replied. "Because I always wipe my pen down the side of the next boy's hair !" WE KNOW THOSE SNAP-SHOTS. —• Walker: "This is a snap-shot of an express train going at the rate of sixty-five miles an hour. It's remark- ably life-like." Jones: "But why does the smoke rise straight up from the engine, instead of ex- tending back over the train in a long line?" Walker: " Well—er—the picture was taken so quickly it didn't have time to do that, you know.' HANS GROWYOST, a worthy Dutch farmer, has a shrewish wife, who has long rendered his life any- thing but a couch of roses. One day, not long ago, she in a fit of pique packed up her goods and left him, vowing never to come back. The news went round among his neighbours, and at night several of them came to condole with Hans. He sat on his front post pulling away at his pipe. "Hans," remarked one of his neighbours, I pity you." "My friend," replied the honest Dutchman, as ho knocked disturbedly the ashes out of his pips, "you vas right. She vas shust come back."

===== 0002601_19030102_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAWEED AS A MEDICINE.

ITS MARVELLOUS EFFECT UPON THE

STOMACH, LIVER, KIDNEYS AND BOWELS. SEAWEED possesses a natural strengthening, healing and purifying power, far greater than other kiloss remedies. This is now conceded by important authori- ties. It was first introduced by Mr. Veno. and Veno's Seaweed Tonic is the only remedy in the world contain- ing seaweed, for that reason Veno's Seaweed Ton!c is used in-hospitals and by doctors themselves because of its superior curative properties. Its most brilliant effect is produced in stomath, liver and k'dney diseases, and the extraordinary cures it performs, even in the worst cases, is positive proof of its efficacy. It is a god-send to sufferers from indigestion, wind, headache, general weakne3s, kidney trouble, weak and painful back, torpid liver, female troubles, poorness of blood, and HABITUAL CONSTIPATION. Ask for VENO'S SEA- WEED TONIC. Prices is. lid. and 2s. Pd. at chemists and medicine vendors.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
ANNUAL MEETING OF THE

WARRINGTON CONSERVATIVE CLUB.

The (annual meeting of the Warrington Conservative. Club was held on Tuesday evening. Mr. Alderman Francomb presided and there were also present: Coun- cillors W. J. Forshaw, John Roberts, John Pemberton, Messrs. W. W. Westwell, C. Leigh, T. Mason, T. H. Ashcroft, W. B. Houghton, A. Carruthers, W. Bindloss, W. H. Bellian, G. Jolley, W. Wilson. W. Holbrook, H. Collin, John Cox, J. Strettle, R. Chadwick, with G. Pilling (secretary), W. Owen (treasurer) and R. H. Dainteth (assistant secretary.)

THE ANNUAL REPORT. The HON. SECRETARY in submitting the 18th annual report said the committee had thuch pleasure in report- ing that the membership of the club was still,well main- tained, but were still of opinion that there were many Conservatives in the town who if they were approached' would become members. The club durinf, the last year hacl been well attended and had been conducted by the members in every way that could be desired, and every- thing in:the way of tables and general condition of the premises were satisfactory. The annual ball took place. in February in the -Parr Hall and was well attended Their thanks were due to those gentlemen who undertook to Carry out the arrangements. The bowling green ha a been well attended during the seaspn, the condition of which had been very good, the usual mains for prizes having taken place at the opening and closing of the same. The annual billiard handicaps took place when a large number of members entered. Their thanks were due to those who subscribed to the prize fund. The Committee were of opinion that it was through these healthy and enjoyable games that the membership of the Club was so well kept up, _

The HON TREASURER said his financial statement was something like a,Christinits pantomine "Hear we are again." (Laughter.) And they had been very success- ful during the year, and they had money in hand. The club had been kept up in every way. He had the pleasure the other day of taking a gentleman from Lancaster through it and be praised it beyond measure. He hoped the club had been maintained to their satis- faction. They had plenty of room for more first and second class members. (Hear, hear.) The reports were adopted. ALDERMAN FRANCOMBS' OPINION OP THE CLUB. The CHAIRMAN said he believed the club was kept in as good a position RS it was possible to he. They had not seen the slightest appearance of anyone "getting over the line" with drink, and he believed that the games engaged in, were such games as tended to sober- ness and not to drinking. (Hear, hear.) • They could_ ask any clergyman, Roman Catholic priest, or Dissent- ing minister to visit the buildtng. If they did they would not go away with a wrong impression. He (the Chairman) was not here at the last hour every night,but he was constantly here until ten o'clock, and he had never seen anything that was improper. They had recre- ation in the form of billiards and bowls, but they would put their feet down on anything like gambling. If anyone attempted to do anything in the shape of gambling he believed there was sufficient moral strength" amongst the members to put a stop to it at once. (Hear, hear.) He thought the members vied with each other to keep the club in such a condition that it was a credit to the town and the association. Councillor JOHN ROBERTS did not think there was a better managed club in existence. They wanted men of a good stamp—not Toni, Dick or Harry who came simply for the purpose of drinking and gambling. (Hear,, , hear.)

COMPLAINT AS TO VENTILATION. Mr. CARRUTHERS drew dttention to the condition of the second class room which, he said, required ventilat- ing. He suggested the introduction of an electric fan. Mr. PILLING promised that the matter should be taken. into consideration by the committee. THE COMMITTEE. The following were appointed the members of the committee :—Messrs. R. W. Francomb, John Roberts,. George Pilling, James Strettle, Gorge Jolley, Robert Chadwick, John Cox, W. H. Bellian, Charles Leigh,. Charles McDowell, and Daniel Cooper. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. Mr. George Pilling was unanimously re-elected hon. secrete ry and Mr. William Owen, hon. treasurer. THE CHAIRMAN AND THE TWO POLITICAL CLUBS. Councillor FORSHAW, in proposing a vote of thanks; to the chairman, said he had discharged his duties in a very able and admirable manner, and their best thanks were to him. (Hear, hear.) Mr. LEIGH seconded, and the motion was carried. In reply, Alderman FRANCOMB said, that one of the greatest pleasures of his life was to be associated with the club with which he had been connected for over 25 years. He had been chairman fora great number of years, ever since the death Of their dearly beloved friend Captain Reynolds. He was proud of the club, because he believed it was conducted on good lines. He had known the Liberal Club for 20 years, and he had never heard of anything wrong there. He had a strong belief that •if' the leaders of the two political parties would visit the clubs occasionally—(hear, hear)—and mix with themem- bers, it would do no harm and the leaders would lose no 'prestige. (Hear. hear.)

THE NEW LICIacSING ACT. The following were appointer* licensing committee to consider the new Licensing Act as it will affect clubs :---Messrs. J. Strettle, Charles Leigh, V 1L hellion, W. W. Westwell, Thomas Mason, W. J. Wilson, and W. J. Forshaw. This was all the business. A reference to the late Mr. Joseph Harrison will be found in another column.

_ . Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOHN WALKER & CO., at The Examiner General Printing Works,. Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at,The Examiner Office, Victoriarroad, WI DNEs_, 32, George-street. Sr. HELENS arid 3, Market- street, EARLESTOWN, in the County of Lancaster, and also at High-street, RUNCORN, in the County of Ches- hire, JANUARY.. 2nd, 1903.

===== 0002601_19030102_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
imarama. imionummilisramm.„__ '

f:

===== 0002601_19030102_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
Accident at the Vulcan Foundry.

At about 3 o'clock on Monday afternooTt a man named Hugh McDonald, a labourer at the Vulcan Foundry, met w ith an accident which necessitated his removal to the Warrington Infirmary. McDoeald was engaged in the pulling down of an old shed, when an iron girder which had been insecurely fixed fell on him, fracturing his knee. He was conveyed to Dr. Mouncey's surgery, where the injured limb was set, and the horse ambulance was afterwards used for his conveyance io Warrington.

===== 0002601_19030102_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
B 0 L D STREET W ESLEY AN CHURCH WARRTNGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JANUARY 4th At 10.3 t) Rev. G. H CARSON. At 6.30 Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. All welcom.. Hymn books provided.

GOLBORN KT, BAPTIST CIiIIRCH WARRINGToN. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), DECEMBER 23rit. REV. HERBBRT DUNNICO. MORNING 10 45. EVEN/NO 6 30.

_ W ARRINGTON Bstoalggrgo kT BROTHERLY ANNUAL DINNER AT THE LION HOTEL, ON MONDAY BRXT, JANUARY STH, AT 630 P al,

WARRINGTON PEOPLE'S CoLL BOIL. REPETITION IN THE PARE HALL ow THURSDAY. JANUARY 15rrw, 1903, OF THE ANNUAL CONCE t‘T, IN AID OF THE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND THE DISTRICT NURSING ABSOCIATION. CIIORITS OF 350 VOICES. SONGS—NATIONAL. PATRIOTIC, HUMOROUS. SCENES fnins •‘ CHRISTNAL! r 'POT ," by ORANGES i•ICKEN ORGANIST: MR. W. 11 PA.Y • PRICES OF ADMISSION :-- Ist Reserved Chairs, Body of Hall and Centre Gallery, 2s. 2nd Reserved Seats, Body of Hall and Side Gallery, Is. 6d. Unreserved Seats, Body of Hall and Gallery Promenade, is. Back of Body of Hall and Back Gallery, 6d. Half-price to all parts to ectolars only TICERTS may be obtained fr,m MESSRS. Ti. H. PBARSON. Ltd.,Pold-street : and the Teachers and scholars. Plan of Reserved Seats at Messrs. Pearson's, Ltd. Doors open at 7.15. Bariy doors for Ticket-holders only at 6.45. Concert at 7.30.

T HE ANNUAL EXCHANG E OF PULPITS AND UNITED COMMUNION SERVICE, IN CON- NECTION WITH THE EVANGELICAL FREE CHURCHES OF WARRINGTON WILL TAKE PLACE ON SUNDAY EVENING. JANUARY 11TH, 1903. WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, 6.30 REV. H DUNNICO. EMMANUEL REFORMED CHURCH, 6.30 REV. G. H. CA.RNSON. BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, 6.33 REV. J. L. MILNE. B.U. BEWSEY-STRERT WESLEYAN CHURCH, 6.30 REV. I. F. MATTHEWS. SANKEY BRIDGES WESLEYAN CHURCH, 6.0 REV. J. G. HERD. GOLBORI4B-STRISHT BAPTIST CHURCH, 6.30 REV. A. G. D. GEE. LATCHFORD Ir3APTIST CHURCN, 6.0 REV. W. C. 3. NEVILLE. ST. JOHN'S PRE4BYTERIAN CHURCH, 630 REV. J. YONGE. LEGH-STREET PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH, 6.30 REV. R. W. REES. THE UNITED COMMUNION SERVICE will take place at 8 pan., in WYCLIFFE CHURCH. The REV. J. YONGE presiding, and the REV. G. H. CAENSON will give the ADDRES. MEMBERS OF ALL EVANGELICAL CHURCHES ARE EARNESTLY INVITED.

UPON Y SOLE. I STAMP THR PRIOR IN PLAIN FIGURES I WANT 136. 6d. AND NO MORE FOR THE BEST PAIR OF BOOTS AT ANY OF MY BRANCHES. ARTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

k, OLNTY OF CHESTER, TO WIT. i NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for i the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER. in and for the said County, on Molmay,the sth day of January,l9o3.at bait-past Eleven O'clock in the forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be emPannelled. The hearing Wall Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eidisbury, Nantwich, and Wirral, forming , the Coester Thitrict. and the trials of all prisoners corn- , roitted from such Hundreds, will take place at such &Icons. The Grind and Petty Jury fcr the Chester r District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester. At the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the sth day of January, 1903, at half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. , THE Court will be adjourned to the Court House, 1 Knutstord, on WEDNESDAY, the 7th dal of January.l9o3, at Eleven o'clock in the F renoon. The hearing of all Appalls ari.ing within the Hundreds of Bucklow,Macoles- field, and N orthwich. forming the Kantsford District, and tbe trials of all prisoners committed from the !est- i in,3r.tioned flupereds will take plAce at such adjourned ,Ssßione. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Kuntiford Distrirt count b. in attendance at ti.:: ' ....ct House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the 7th day of January. 1903. at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. i i REGINALD POTTS. Clerk of the Peace f-t- tto County of Chester. Chester, 16th December, 1902.

------- . WHITE STAR LINE VV ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. CYMRIC Wed.. Jan. 7 I OCEANIC Wed.. Jan 28 CELTIC Wed.. Jan 14 I GERMANIC ...... Wed., Feb 4 TEUTONIC Wed., Jan 21 CEDRIC Wed., Feb 11 Third Class passange at low rates including Outfit free of charge to New York Boston, Philadelphia. or Baltimore. Apply to MAT. 11.41111 C, and so.. Liver,}ool, 17 Cookspur street. S.W.. and 34. Leadenhall Street. London. EX..

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD aim BLITHE ALBS ALLSOPP' MILD AND BITTEN. ALES. wHBAT.Lurs MOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES trona 11"), 11.3. CUNN INGHAM' WINWIOE ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of mew CLASS MINERAL WATERS xi Serew-atoppered 13nttles. Telephone No. 178. STORES. OWEN STREET. JOSEPH 'WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED 'UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTEND 13D TO.

B. &_10" , V W ADS W ORT H'S GRAPHOPHONRS AND GRAMOPHONRS ARE THE TILE OF THE TOWN. LARGR STOCK OF RECORDS AT LOWEST PRICES. FRFSEI SUPPLIES ARRIVING ALMOST DAILY. 59, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL, KINDS, BMPLOYHRS LIABILITY. ACOID ANT & DISBASB. Small Pox. Scarlet Fever, Tvphqici, Diphtheria &e. BURGLARY & FIDBLITY INSURA.NOB RAIL WAY PASSENGERS' AssuRA.NoE Co. Hstablithed 1649. CLAIMS PAID £4,450,000 84, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN. Secretary. MANCHESTHR OFFICH : 16 :TORN DALTON ST. Agenta wanted in urrepresented districts. AGRIITS : Warrington Mr. C. 3. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr, W.N. RIGBRY,Nessoli rr e, Victoria-rd.:Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. MUCH, Hardshaw-street flaydook Mr. 3. BILLINGB The Willows Sandhach Mr. F.J. FINT,OW, Rookery Bridge vArnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND wA.TSON.Monrileld House

AIR. C H A R L ES GARDNEEt Brilliant PROFES- JL SIONAL PIANIST for Evening Parties. &c.-110, FALIENEn-wrnEwr. Liverpool.—All towns attended, 6s. per evenivg and rail fares. _

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, Manufacturers and Patentees of High Cla is ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sete, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platins, 30s, Guaranteed. MACDONALDS PAINLESS YSTEM A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and qnality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. • MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; Inlaid gold, 401. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Dootor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profile abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, Ei;, C FIU RC 11-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-ST AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS, 11 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

-- RAINHILL ASYLUNI—OIVINO TO rniE PRE- VALI:MOH OF SMALLPDX IN THE COUNTY, the ASYLUM WILL BE CLOSED TO VISITORS from this date, and no persons will be allowed to visit the patients until further notice. Exception will be made in the c.se of serioni illness, of which the friends will be notified. December 29th, 1902.

EAIITHENW ARE HOT WATER BOTTLES, Is 64 BACH ; holds 3 pints; a comfort for the cold weather.—W BEBwlCK,Buttermarket-street, Warrington.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- -IL pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

IYOU WANT A MYSTIKRY SOLV'ED, I Suspected Bmplovees Watched,Divorce Evidence, consult ALLEN, GAUNT, OWEN & Co.. 57. Bralisford-road, Fall ow- field, Manchester. Private Inquiry Agents. SPLENDID AsPortment of Now Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s, ed. (to measure) TROUSEB4. Wonderfnlly good vale. IlkatrE AND Co, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-strert, Lvarpool, AU frepds sent carriage paid. (ZEROE JACKETS! SEREM JACKETS! kJ livery workman should have one, of HACIIIE'S cele- brated 4s. (id. Berge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, Bvnom-sTREET, Liverpool.

TT AIR COMBINGS mnde up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE I TAILS OF FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURE FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T 13 BROWN, 3, LRECE ST (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL. VISITORS TO LIVIIRPOOL SHOULD WALK ALONG MANCHESTER-STREET and see onr window. Everything pleasing and cheap. We are still giving a discount of bs in the 2. We cannot be beaten for art lqwellery, paste ornaments. &e., from is., only address In Liverpool. —DI ANE MITA COMPANY, 34, MAN- CLIESTER--9TREET.

THOSE WISHING TO REALIZE OIL OBTAIN MORTGAGE* ON LIFE POLICIES, REVERSIONS INTERESTS UNDER WILLS OR ANNUITIES CAN OBTAIN THE NECESSARY INFORMATION FROM -WILLIAM NICHOLAS, 30. NORTII JOHN STREET. LIVERPOOL.

ItUPTURES Also LADIES' Improved SUPPORTING BELTS. Elastic TRUSSES Stockings. Knee Caps, Bandages, Enemas. Bto, Specially Made and ARTIFICIAL LIMBS, Crutches. adapted. Armelings. Bar Trumpets for Deafness. LADY ATTENDANT. All Kinds of Surgical Appliances. KEA,TING (late Westbury'), 26, OLD • MILLGATE, MANCHESTER (Near Cathedral).

PHONOGRAPHS. PHONOGRAPHS from 7/6HONOGRAPHS. AN IDEAL HOME ENTERTAINER. THE CITY DEPT FOR THE EDISON AND COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPHS AND RECORDS. RECORDS 18. 633. EACH. THE AMkTEUR PROTOGRAPHEC DEPT 71, OXFORD STREET, NEAR ALL SAIN MANC HESTER.

I-1 G. DOWLING', • RENTS AND DEBTS ESTATE, INSURANCE. COLLECTED COMMISSION AGENT. Office: 2, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Private Address; 21, Ellesmere-road, Stockton Heath.

USEFUL PRESENTS. PURSES. PHOTO ALBUMS, DRESSING AND JEWEL CASES, WRITING DESK S. WORKBOXES, BIBLES. PRAYER BOOKS. &c. FINE SELECTION at LOW PRICES. HEAZELL'S, 66, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL

FRESH DAILY. DA.VY'S CELEBRATED SHEFFIELD POLONEY. BRAWN, LUNCHEON SAUSAGE. YORKSHIRE PIES. ANY WEIORT To ORDER ALSO THE FINEST PORK SAUSAGE, PLAIN AND TOMATO FLAVOUR. BURY PUDDINGS, LUNCH TONGUE. ETC. JOHN AS HLE T 61, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

TLLI7MINATED AMASS:MS, DIB-STAMPING Fao-Sirniles of Handwriting. Typewriting, plane, quan titles le.. copied and lithographed.— Baooss AND SJN, Law Stotionerall. Queen-street. Warrington. T. CLARKE, STAT,Ofillii AND NH wSAGENT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33. MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN, FOR GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY and FANCY GOODS, PURSES, ALBUMS, PORTRAIT FRAMES AND OTHER USEFUL ARTICLES, go to the above address. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN GENERAL:ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

VOR COUGHS, COLDS, ASTHMA and BRONCHITIS, the only reliable cure in existence is CANBY'S ASTITMATICAL Sr ( °UGH BALSAM. It has no equal. Bold everywhere in bottles at is lid and 2,9 d, or post free from CANBY & 00,, WHOLESALR DRUGGISTS, PEINDLIITON, MANCHRSTRIC. TT "C " AN-E CURED.

DENTISTRY. THE LANCASHIRE DENTAL INSTITUTE, LTD, 6, MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. 'LIVERY WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY, PAINLBSS EXTRACTION WITH CIAS. 25 6D. A COMPLBTB ST OF TEETH, 2.15. 6, MARKET STREET (OvEn MYNEXYBF'S)

_L FLEPHONE, 355 Y LEDGERS, CASH BOOKS, JOURNALS, DAY BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS, DELIVERY BOOKS, INVOICES. STATEMENTS. &c., &c. ALL KINDS OF PRINTING FOR CONCERTS TEA PARTIES JOHN WALKER AND CO., " EXAMINER " OFFICE. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON - - - SKELTON'S LIMITED, HO RSEMAR KET-STREET. WARRINGTON. GRAND DISPLAY OF TOYS IN ENDLESS VARIETY, SLURPING DOLLS, TALKING DOLLS, DOLLS DRINSItD AND UNDRESSED. AT PRIM TO SUIT EVERYBODY. IRONMONGERY DEPARTMENT. SPLENDID STOOK OP CUTLERY. SPOONS, FORKS, &IC CRUETS AND ALL KINDS OF ELEOTRO PLP..214 AT VERY LOWRST PRICES. WE INVITE YOU TO GIVE US A CALL AND LOOK ROUND. SKELTON'S LIMITED, 11 ORS E M ARKEI STREET, WARRINGTON.

VI MANS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS'. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches, OHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAXIM. AND REPAIRER. Pupil of G. A. Chauot) 57, RENSIIAW(-STRBET (corner of Benson-street), LIVBRPOOL.

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated electua HOOFING COUGH , cure unthout internal HOOPING COUGH nvecliiinkl" HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4s: per bottle. Sold Whole- BRONCHITIS t4ale Agents: W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Quean Victoria CROUP tree% London.

ESTABLISHED /872, JOHN SHAW & SON, WATCHMAKERS AND JEWELLERS. 52, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER. J. SHAW & SON invite inspection of their splendid STOCK of GYM RINGS, from 20e to 2100. GOLD BROOCHNS, BRACI‘LETS, and Long GUARD CHAINS. J. SHAW & bpeciality :—Gent's High-class HNGLISH LIWSI WATCHES. 18-ct. Gold, from £l2 15s. Silver, from 351., special value. Large assortment of Solid Silver and Hicctro-plated goods, suitable for Wedding an other Presents, &a ALL PRICES MARKRD IN PLAIN FIGURHS. SUBIECT TO A SPE"IAL CHRISTMAS DISCOUNT OF 15 PER CENT., OR 38, IN THE 2, COMMENCING FROM THE 13TH DECEMBER. Repairs done on the premises. A staff of competent men kept Telephone 5,267. T. G. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND MANCHESTER NOVEMBER HANDICAP. SPHCIAL OFFBR 21,003 TO 23 6D. CFSAREWITUH AND CANIBRIDGE3HIRE• THE PLAYFUL DOUBLE' J moo to to Win 300 to 1. 1 2 3 Sea" THH TURF RHGISTHR, 'sent post free.

ASK YOUR STATIONER FOR MORRELL'S 4;iM. IN K S 01.44itAk&W.9 fUNDBR ROYAL PATRO:4AGRO IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE! had wholesale from SAN N. Oltßlid, MARKET PLICK, WARRINGTON

FRANK DAVIS, NUGGET SPORTING AGENCY MIDDELBURG, ROLLA ND. MANCHESTER NOVEMBER ,HANDICAP ETC. A Daily Prise List issued, showing latest market change. WRITE FOR MY GREAT MANCHESTER NOVEMBER HANDICAP CIRCULAR. A WEEKLY PLACING CONTEST. For all further particulars address as above.

111_ kj4 YMNASTIC ITt APPARATUS. WRITE FOR LATEST ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE TO H. HUNT AND SON. 89, WINDSOR STREET, LIVERPOOL. GYMNASIA FITTED THOUGHOUT IN ANY PART OF THE COUNTRY.

RUNCORN SAVINGS BANK STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTS FOR YEAR IND ING NOVEMBER 20113, 1902. DEPOSITORS' ACCOUNT. Depositors Balance, November 20th 1901... ..... 41536 3 1 Paid to Depositors during year 11655 8 5 Received from them during year 11953 0 6 0, nsol Stock Purchases Transfers from other Banks 152 2 8 Depositors Balance November 20th, 1902 42324 3 4 Transfers from Post Office lO9 19 6 - Sale of Consol Stock 307 8 1 Interest and Stock Dividends allowed to Depositors 1132 10 11 . £5191 4 9 £55191 4 9 LIABILITIES AND ASSETS. Due to Depc sitors as per Ledger Balance Cash Surplus in favour of Bank £42490 16 2 £42490 16 2 CONSOL STOCK ACCOUNT. Amount November 20th 1901 5500 U 0 Stook sold during year 325 0 0 Purchased during year l3OO 0 0 Amount held for Depositors, Nov. 20th 1902 ... 6475 0 0 £6BOO 0 0 £6BOO 0 0 NUMBIIR AND AMOUNT OF SEPARATE TRANSACTIONS. 2670 Deposits and Transfers amounting to 1212 Withdrawals ind Transfers amounting to 11 Purchases of Consol Stock amounting to 5 Sales of Cons(); Stock amounting to 307 43 1 167 Dividends on Consol Stock amounting to l6B 2 4 - - 4C65 Turnover during the year EXAMINED AND FOUND CORRECT, DECEMBER 3RD. 1902. J. H. SALKELD. W. WILLIAMSON, Auditors. W. HANDLEY, Actuary. C. POWNALL, C. HANDLEY Assistant Actuary W. B. KAY. t 1 I S. E MORRIS & CO. - WINE AND SPIRIT MERCHANTS. FINEST QUALITIES KEPT, 43, HORSRMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. ,

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGhST BOOT WAREFIOUSO IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THEE CLOCK.

• EDWIN PRYOR AND SON' 122) LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, j EWEtERS, SI LVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (FT ALL TUE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, AND JEWELLERY OF EVICRY DESCRIIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS'. PRICES. Old aold and t3lh Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or tatken in exchange. • tdor,ev advance on Jew' 9, Diamonds. Watches, Plata, do.. to any amount at low rates of interest ; strict pri, • y guArluteett. Parcels by poat, wUI rooeiva prompt ftttoutioa. TELEPHONE. 2061.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, I,llAfdil MAKIIIL AND PRINT BELLER. A Large Assortment of Prarne(l Pictures• suitable for Wedding and Birthday, Prep,onte, School Prizes. ke. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLBOTION ny PROLOG/UPI:IS for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CEIOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Alto Copia,of Piotoroi. In the Continent Ai qftnerie.

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE . RAPID CURE OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.. OUT AND RHEUMATISM BY BY FEADE'S PILLS. EADE'S __PILLS • i ONE BOTTLE:CUM:M IN;TWO HOURS ALL PAINIWASIGONE. it 1 _ 58, i Northumberland-street, North-street, Poplar. , 18, Swan-lane, Bolton. November sth, 1900. November 14th, 1901. Sir,—! have much pleasure in writing to tell yon of the Dear Str,—l was advised three years ago to try your Pills great good your Pills have done me. I have been laid for Rheumatic Gout in my feet, and am glad to say they for nine weeks with Gout, and could not move out i bed. cured me. I have not taken any for two years till last Having taken one bottle of your Gout and Rheumatic Pills, up week when I was taken with it again in the arm and it has restored me to health. They act like magic. I have shoulder. 1 immediately took three of your Pills and in recommended them to all my friends.—Yours sincerely, two hours all nein was gone. I have recommended them to M. KELLY. many of my friends.—Yours troly RoRERT A. HARDIE. , EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT SPILLS Areperfectly safe in their action, eliminate:all injurious Are perfectly safe in their actions. 'eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative, matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is lid and 29 9d.. or sent I Sold everywhere in Bottles. Is lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P. 0. by the proprietor. post free for stamps or P. 0 by the iroprietor GEORGE HALE, 232, Goswell-road, London. GEORGE RADE, 232, Goswell-road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

DELAYS ARE DANGEROUS, AND THE WEA.THER IS FICKLE, IN THE M.C.D. OVERCOATS THOROUGH PROTECTION FROM CLIMATF, INFLUENCES IS ASSURBD. MEN'S YOUTHS' AND BOYS' OVERCOATS .AND SUITS, AT OPULAR PRICES. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, • 8, & 10, HORSEMNEKET STREET.

iNEW yEAR'S PRESENTS. R. CLAMP AND SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS, CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS. -• 39, A.ND 41, DALE-STREET. 12. LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

B.lf, -W ARRINGTON SLATE 'LA), LD SUPPLY BUXTON LIME FROM THE QUARRIES OF THB BUXTON 'LIME FIRMS, LIMITED. SLATE AND BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, COLLIERY AGENTS BIOKERSHAW COAL). }Pun OFFICE AND WHARF : ARPLEY STATION, WARRINGTON. Coal Sidings and Branch Office : Miu.son Street. War.-ington

,OBACCO, CIGAR S. CIGARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STRE NT, MANCHBSTaII Establithed 69 Years .

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY VF.ARS THOITSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DEM TED GREAT BEMEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FE NIALE PILLS HAVE HAD Al WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are universally known to be the best Remedy for Anaemia, Debility, Depression, Weakness. and Female Ailments. Of Cheminta and Stores everywhere. Boxes 9!d, Is lid, 2s 93, 48 6d, and 118, or under covlr from the Proprietor 309, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON. W.

DIARIES FOR 1903. THE SERIES OF DIA.EIES FOR THE COMING YEAR PUBLISHED BY BOOTS ICASH kJHEMISTS, ARE ON SALE AT ALL THBIR 300 BRANCTIES. THE SERIES CONSISTS OF BOOTS FOOLSCAP DIARY. PRIOR 6n. STRONGLY BOUND. THREE DAYS ON A PAGE, INTERLEAVED WITH BLOTTING. CON rArNs A FUND OF INFORMATION ON DOMESTIC AND GENERAL MATTERS. ENGLISH PAPER AND LABOUR THROUGH- OUT. BETTER THAN MOST DIARIES A r DOUBLE THE PRICE. BOOTS HOME DIARY AND NOTE BOOK. PRICE 6D A VERY USEFUL AND NECESSARY DIARY FOR TBE BO \IE. HOUSEWIVES WILL FIND THIS PUBLICATION Mosr HELPFUL. BOOTS POCKET DIARY. PRICE 6n. THIS IS A WELL ARRANGED AND BEAUTI- FULLY GOT UP DIARY PRINTED ON BEST QUALITY THIN BANK PAPER, WITH GILT EDGES BOUND IN LEA ['HER, AND TAKES LITTLE ROOM IN THE POCKET. BO3TS CASK CHEMISTS, LOCAL ADDRItSSES 126, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. 5; BRIDGE STEEE

- - DR. SCOTT'S PILLS ARE A TONIC PURIFIER, STRENGTHEN THE WHOLE SYSTEM, INDUCE CHEERFULNESS, INVALUABLE AS A FAMILY MEDICINE.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS CURB LOSS OP APPIi (ITB. CURI3 DHPRESSION OF sPIRITS, CURB ALL DISORDBRS BI.OOD, CURB LASSITUDE AND NURVOUSNRSS.

D. ScoTrs PI 1,14,9 Are prep,red oniv o W. LAMBPIRT, 173, BEYMOUii. PLAUI3I, LONDON, W. , Do not pertuaded by anyooe to buy any other gedicine instead. hut iti3ist upon having the rigat thing, which in wrapped in a square green package. By post for 13 or 33 stamps.

A Huntsman Breaks Three Ribs. The North Cheshire Hunt met at Tarporley on Saturday and scored a brilliant gallop. Hounds drew blank several covers, and-the fortunes of the chase had sunk low when the Master turned for a fox to Calveley Gorse, a cover which has latterly failed to justify its good name. On this occasion it redeemed itself by yielding one of the best foxes ever bred there. Hounds at once fastened on to his line, and raced straight away to Oulton Lowe, and going on over the Tarporley-road they just missed the adjuncts as they held forward for -Blakeden. Skirting that well-known cover they continued to run at a great pace for the Forest, and they were just behind their fox when he went to g,round on Mr Holland's farm at Budworth. The gallop was by far the best which has fallen to the North Cheshire Hunt; this season, although it lasted Only twenty-five minutes. It con- tained a good five and a half miles point, and only a very few of the field kept their places until the finish. During a subsequent hunt from Blakeden to Abbots Moss,'Cubberley, the huntsman, had a bad fall, which rendered him unconscious. He was sent home in the matiter's 'brougham, and it was tvn found he had I broken three ribs.

SOFT VELVETY SKIN ? y / . . , • . , 1 1- ..t., , ,Then use , - -I- . I • * :,,,,,•.. --• , ,46c ~,, • 7 . ,_ ,• v ..„,,,,., win, entirely 1 remove al! ROUGHNESS,CHAPS, TAN, IRRITATION, etc., i in avßeE mryHsAho,rk tromr. Bottles m. . ed.,ls.,and2s.6. CHE LTENHAIIi. 4,5-x471.-66'34Q1,-eaCIVE2-664,540440-415410-52-4

MERRYWEATHER ON Water Sum* to Countrp mansions, Dotels, and Public Buildinos, Sic. EXISTING WATER SERVICES TESTED, AND ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR IMPROVED SUPPLIES. WRITE FOR PARTICULARS OF OUR PATENT NOISELESS "HATFIELD" PUMP. 63, LONG ACRE, w.e. WORKS: GREENWICH, LONDON, S.E. IHE I:IA:tiVi,:LLOUS TALKING MACHINES --. WE WILL BE il ,k i;• "-' 4i i y s :.,,,, GLAD TO SHOW 1 1 TEEM TO ilcbvi,,t,_,A , i EVERYBODY (v .. , vr - ~?....11. ..,.... , 0!* .vio cs. rti......6........ _ PLEASE CALL. 7''',- --------------- ARCHER & SONS, 5, St. Ceorge's Cres., Castle St., Liverpool.

WED l3 riq Cr JR INGSS OE Ari RING S. FOR VIILITFI, VISIT CRAW; :RS -WOLF, WHOLESALE JEWELLER, Only Address: to, RENSHAW ST., LIVER' OOL

B 1 R CUSTARD POWDER BIRD'S CUSTARD is pure, whole- some, and delicious. It satisfies the most fastidious, and is an invaluable diet for Invalids—being light, appetising, and highly nutritious. Easy of digestion, and will never disagree. Dainties in endless variety, the choicest Dishes and the richest Custard! NO EGGS! NO RISK! , NO TROUBLE!

-- -7.- 1,61)U W N :1O IN l'etit. FOR INCANDKSCENT BURNERS INCANDESCENT ?k: MANTLGS. INCANDESCENT Ct:IMNEYS iNo,„„sc„N e GLOBES LL KINDS OF SMOKE PROTECTORS. GAS GLOBES OF D.ViewsittiT DOLOURS AND PATTERNS. GLASS GLOBES CAN BEMATDHED OR EXOHANUED AT ADAMS, 80 ST JAMES PLACE, wmpow GLAsS OF DIFFERENT PATTERNS BRITISH SI I V*lthD PLATS GLASS SHAD AND bTANDS GLASSE FOR GRAVES &O. AT TUX LOWE-Ai PRICES AT J. AMA 'S. 212, 0 RTH I L --T., 3z, 14, S ‘tITHDOWN-RD, • pdvBßpooi..

STRENBO "It is NOT:an Imitation." SIRENS() is a Fluid Beef, that not only appeals to the palate, but is highly recommended by the leading Medical Journals, and prescribed by Medical Men, and Used in Medical Institutions; as a means by which health is secured and strength restored. Instead of spending money in extravagant advertising, we give the value in STRENBO itself. " Ask for STRENBO, and don't be put oft with other brands." "We don't give Pictures." To be had at all Chemists and Grocers

--„,„,....... _ ' , , ii t • 1-1 4.4.- , I nig ; fil 11: P:11" 'N , ' *l. ill 11.7.!....2:41111tn1M it 4,4411 II 1 . ‘; '7,1 ~• --- 1.-- 1 imy , , 1--_._ ~ , ..:iii -.-. -- 2-- i p •.= ,: . . 91 ). sh- : IQ.-1 ' lIV 4 i . ,• ' i'.' I rrir.l-' I ' I ;.••• _

LOCAL FOOTBALL. H°itlr anumf Tstuirmersthemomrea, tetrhn Cllpsoß, heC-Ikefe em o abreast of f mthe ti Implements for &port, that lima is Geo G BIM &CO• ei 1 ondon. wh,)er e,inag the way aviti wits, thoi.• Hockey Club and Halts whic, bear itpir we-known teerle ma k Ask tl e keel ,plrt,‘ 11.aler for n.ri- B e psciel Hockey I i.t. it not procurable apply to 36 & ZB, Quee la- Meet, Lo.dn Factor—Peckham, (2,.

. A Severe 6„,,,,,,,,,,,\ Test. , el e A\ The following ,_.,,.,5) ~ . 11 appeared in the li. ' - ' ritO • 12:2,5.9-4'y • '', 'll " Staffordshire ~ , %, ;,,,, ,ii Sentinel:"— - -. i,_ , ~ 11 Wondersnever , 'T Pki V ,/,' / cease. The other s re ,v% day a football 1 1A 0 vvas put to a , singular, not to say severe, test in a town not a thousand miles from Burslem. Along a lane in which are laid cart rails, some youths were taking a ball, when it was accidently kicked into the rut just as a cart was approaching. The cart contained a heavy load of coal. The wheel passed over the ball, and pressed it down until it was almost flat. The onlookers momentarily expected the dread explosion, but, hey presto! the ball actually lifted the weight up. On examination it was found to be sound, and to even have retained its roundness. Verily football manufacturers would be delighted to receive such testimony as to the durability of their wares." We may add that the ball was none other than the famous "Football King," supplied by Mr. Frank Sugg of Liverpool. FOOTBALL KIM% Post Free, 9/6.

• SUGG OGUE LOTryrßpooLClt' FREE

UNIVERSITY SCHOOL SOUTHPORT.—A most successful Boarding behool for Boys.—T. ISHERwOOD, NRWTON-LB - WILLOWS.—KIRKFIRLD BOARDING 11 and DAY SCHOOL for Girls. Prospectus on arplica- tion to principals.

urPHOLLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL, BOARDING sCHOoL FOR BOYS. Fifteen miles from Liverpool. REP. D S RENNARD. BA.

WARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL, Poulton-le-Pyle. Black- pool ; excellent education ; happy home ; sea and country air.—Princinal, Miss ROGFRSoN

Wilia- NWT)) tinAsaMAR tiomfurtable home. Good education. 21 guineas yearly. Liver. pool and Manchester references. Through trains. THE MISSES EIMMER, Sen. Hon. Cert. R.A.M., 23, WILSON-PATTEIN-THRBT, WARRINGTON.— SCHOOL WILL R'-OPEN (n.v.) JANUARY 21st. 1903, Fees, Testimonials, forwarded on application.

VI It. FRED PODMORE, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, RHOisIVIIS PUPILS on piano and organ. Central room, Reduced terms for Juniors. Open for engagements. —Apply 32, LOVELY•LANE, Warrington

HlOti-uLA6S AND 613tA,D88FUL BOARDiNG AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. lerme Moderate: 'Splendid Pcsition : Every Comfort Apply C. H. HODGSON, M.A. (Oxford), Waterloo High School. Biundell3aude.

VAIRHAVEN HIGH SCROOL FOR GIRLS 1. near St. Annes-on-Sea Bracing position,seasiele.extensive accommonation tiigh-clata Modern liducation. Staff includes President B.A Mistress, and nine Certificated Teachers. Exams. sucaesses, Principal : Miss MILLK N.

ARROGATE.—TRINITY COLLNGH —Head Master, Mr J P HUGHILS, assisted by resident University men and visiting masters. Nine situation. modern appliances, cricktt and football field, tennis courts, swimming bath. gymnasium. Good results in alliltx4minations. Next term September 18.

Paul's Church .Initi.-gaißeNorEgSanTistWanidliKChEoBirim'a4;.tLer.Uo.flaSi° PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FOEM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' pracLice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington. OSIINEATH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, WREXHAM.— .11, Principals Miss Evans and Miss Jones, Beautiful house and grounds, hockey, tennis, cyclin:c, gymnasium, great attention to music, et, modern languages ; resident gradu- ates and other mistresses ; recent successes in Londe Aatrio Cambridge Locals and Assoc: Board, ft A M, K C M, in- clusive terms,

SNOUTH.POIiT MODRRN SCHOOL, SCARISBRICK NEW ROAD. HIGHLY SUOONSSFUL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. HEADMASTER—J. C. UNDRRWOOD, A.C.P., FR G.S. NRW RISSLORNCIS for BOARDHRS recently opened. THE SOUTHPORT VISITER Sayß : " The School le now undcubtealy one of the very best of its class Southport.'

WARRINGTON GI-UNIMAK 6Ciloul...—TEitt; NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN on TUESDAY, JANUARY 20th, 1903. THE HEADMASTER WILL BE AT HOME to INTER- \ lEW PARENTS on MONDAY, JANUARY 19th. PREFARATORY FORM for boys from 8 to 12 years of age. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, AC. PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION,

UANCH T GRAMMAft SCHOOL 1. Fee, £4 45 per term. THE NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, JA.NUARY 13TH, 193. Entrance Examination, Monday. January 12th at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, forms of application, ac., may be had at the school. The bo irding house in conne,tion with the sahool is situated in Higher Broughton ,OWEN W COX, Recei7er.

'o=ls, VpDros, itioarOtau estabs ONDON.—TAY HOTEL. 154 Buston-road Three minutes .LI from King's Cross, St Pancras and Huston Railway Stations; bed and attendance Ss 6d; private sitting-room 55 6d per d•ty ; highly recommended —A 0 RoDNEY, Propr.

LUNDO.N. NI.L D'S TEMPERA.NCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO ;0 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON r.QUARK. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. ABERYST WITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 2i guineas per week. or 9s per day, accordiug to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.50 o'clock. For TARIFFS &c., apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR. SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

--- Otorks, Zuguttisc4r6, at. OUTDOOR (good) ; corner position : holder's ales, lease fixtures. stock and furniture, £l7O PARK- ROAD, Hockley, Birmingham. GLASS and CHINA BUSINESS tor Disposal ; rest RAI ; good thoroughfare; or stook alone.—Apply to W. J. GLASS, 24. North John-street, Liverpool.

ABARGAIN to Immediate Buyer-55, Established Wholesale GREENOROOIiIa ROUND, together with horse, harry, harness and utons:is ; capable of extension ; business taught.-7d, BASTBoURNE-ROAD, SOuthpert.

Aqatrimonp. t&Dy. large independent means,plessant, cultured, attrac tive, bonafide replies treated confidentially.—Box 700 ADVERTISER OvvicE, 1, Charing Cron, London, W.C.

GICSITLIMAN, TALL, handsome, healthy, musical, with nice house and 21,5C0 yearly. replies must contain all lull particularsand photo, strictly private.— Boa 495, tiri) VER - TURK OFFICX, Northumberland-avenue, London, W.O.

• INVESIMENTS. BONDS. STOCKd and SHARES.— Buyers and Sellers should apply to ej AMES P. BATH and SO4, STOCK AND SHARE BROKERS, ,Nstablisbedll67s. 29. RA NBLAG/1-3TREIIT, LIVERPOOL

040, Voultrp, dr.

pDOHS-BS ISD Buff Orpington's ; bggs 3s per doe. (unfer- .l tile replaced) ; Chickens from 6s per doz. List sent.— BIGHTING ALE. Castle Fields, Shrewsbury.

POULTILY FOR SA.LW—Delicious fat Turkeys, ss. 6d. each ; fatted Geese. 41, 6d. ; Ducks, 4s ; pair Roasting Chickens, 3s. 9d ; trussed ready for cooking ; sent free ; oath With order.—Miss O'Coxxort, Cononagh, ,Leap, Cork.

MANLY MEN Why suffe from pains and misery caused by Servousnes Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness P Send to. my book, which shows how every men, young and old, can be thoroughly and quickly cured without STOSIACiiI dEDICINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, awl oar nteed genut "1 cannot find words to express ,s 7 ..n&a...u. am. used to think I never would ges enrol. I wish I had sew your advertiseusent at first, I should have saved many pounds.—G,F.M." "I nave carri.d out your instructions, and am now per fectly well.—J.F." Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. LEIGH, 92 and 9,3, reat Russell Street, London, V.C.I Sendat onee and be cured. 12 Years Continuous Succeeo

'xi AiIKD LAD I ii:S,UOlt &HS ON DE ST.—Send stamped 111 address tor particulars to Mrs 1 WILSON, lildur-grove, Sheffield.

FOR IIi,EAY LLrIII. in titU iAR ti UL.So OltS. Write A. DAVIES, wholesale Agent, St Thomas-roa St. Annes-on-the-Sea.

11Aftri MSS— datraordinary Value. hree Sets 01 Pony 2 Cob. 3 Shandry, 4 Sets of Uart.—J FRY & Co., 124, Date-street, Liverpool.

FISH. —Seleeted basses, eleaard ready for use 2s , 2s. 6d. upwards. Carriage paid. Lists free ---ATETRoPoLE FISH SUPPLY Co., Grimsby.

HOUSHS.—FOR SALR, 10 Pollees, 36 to 54, Catherine- street, Warrington, price £eso,—Apply A WORRELL, 22. titalbridge-road Crewe.

/.,t 11)3S Silk Samples, Tie-bolder, Stud, Giim pin • It? V Gold crown. Smart gifts. Why pay Is each P— 4/ COOP, Knit. m/c. Co.. Leicester.

fluwAu thothilig, Furniture, Jewellery, Bazaar Goods. Cheapest House in Trade. Catalogue free.-- BERRIDGE 411 d CO. (102), Birmingham.

GRNTLBNINN and NUltSsitYMlsbl, etc,—For Sale, 1 a large quantity of Privit, Forest Trees, Shrubs, etc,— Apply SADDLE INN. Marron, Blackpool.

VARLY CHILICSa.STHBMIJAIS ; strong healthy cuttings; ALI 25 for Is 6d free. grand selection.--JoHN B. LIGHT- DOWN 26. Birkdale Southport.

rti.te.TO dud Uoea shop 51r.eliiti-s, every variety kJ Champion Rangers, Potato Peelers, Shoo on Wheels lt.C. page List free—acLianoT's, Poland-street, Manchester. SKlNS.—Rabbite, Hares. To country deal.ra. want; I million dozens, beet price given, casts same day, good refereuce.—S3llTH, 15 Compton-road, Kensal Green, London. -1 EGGINGS !—Smart military officer's appearance; very LA strung, all leather, lace up aide ; 11l send a pair, post free, for 24 stamps.—From H. .7. QA.BBON, Government Contractor, Rye.

f 'ItiRISTNI AS PARTIES.-12 splendid Conjuring Tricks ‘J will give an hour's entertainment. Will make you the lioa of the party. Easy to work 2s. 6d.—OarsTo, Bagnall- street, West Bromwich. ADIES DELIS RING, solid gold, hall marked. 6 stones, ..LA new, sacrifice ss. 6d. also lady's solid silver watch. fancy dia, new, accept 9s. 6cl. carriage paid.— Mits. S., 14 Gambetta-street. Loudon, S. W. TOOK I-4,000 Pairs New MILITARY BLUOHRRS sewn I very beet leather soles ; will send one pair, any size post free tor 5s 6d per pair ; money returned if not approved of,—H. J. Gessori, Government Contractor. Rye.

TO MARRIED I).KOPLI. or those Contemplating Marriage, I_ send penny stamp to ki J DAVIES, 110. Utley-road; Headingly, Leeds, when something to your advantage will be mturned, post free.

QPROIAL OFFSE.—ASTHOLOGY. changes, important KJ events, marriage plrtner described, ruling planet,eze ; 6 etampa, stamped euvelope.— V hERCHELL, 60, Urainger- street. Eewca.stle-on-Tyne. SEFUL PRHSENTS.—ChiId's Knife. Fork, Spoon, in box Is. ; Hollow Ciround Razors, Gem. is.; Corona- tion, is. dd. ; money returned if dissatisfied. —Wibnammt & Co., 48a, Fitzwilliain•street, Sheffield.

• ALKIN4 MACHINES at rock-bdttom prices.—Columbia /. records from Is. ; records exchanged 6d. elch. Write for List to tiBEENWOOD Co., Wholesale Musical Instrument Importers, Padiharn, Lancs. Telephone & X I_lOEBBB LOIN CLOTHS, best and strongest in the market. 451 n. long by 38in. wido; waterproof on stout navy canvas and weighs 41b. ; I wilt send one post free tor 35 ; cash retur ien if not approven of.-14. J. CASSON. liye.

STIORILITIL in Women: Its Causes and Curative Treat- n eat. in lilustrated lidition, by a late heuior Physician to a hospital for Women, post free 3s Bd. London: SHELLEY et CO., LTD, 38, Griseechurch-street.

MIRBBHOLD LAND, £26 per acre, Wallop, Wanton and 1. Chilbolton ; picturesque and healthy villages In Hants; plots £lB ; tree deeds ; instalments ; bungalows.—Plana and particulars, Mr BRAKE, Chilbolton, otockbridge, Hants.

JAPlilt,HAßEtlfith.—To Decorators and others —Owing 1 to the Death of one of the eartners the Whole of our STOCK MUST BR CLHARND at once. No reasonable offer refused. Come and inspect.—LEwis & Co, 31, Miller-street, Manchester.

CIGARS and Cigarettes Free.—To extend my business, everyone sending stamped address within one week will be entitled to obtain 50 choice (Agars, or 500 Cigarettes free of ebarge.—D ROGIERS, Agent, Labgham-road, redding- ton, Loncon.

ICINE, a PERFECT BALLROOM GLAZE.—Merely A. requires sprinkling. Neither greasy nor dusty. In perforated tins. Post free 18 el. and 28, JARDINE, V. Minerva-street, Hackney-road, Lohdon, N.B.

• ULME'S " COMPOUND" SIEEL and PENNYROYAL PILLS for Female Necessities are the beat and always effective In boxes pcst ee. Is. lid. and 2s. 9d.; best boxes, 4s. 6n. Established MO.— kluhstEs, Chernistth, Nottingham.

10111SUMATIS31 : Its Cause and Cure. Booklet with mass ot Londo:: and provincial testimonials. Init.:nt relief ce,tain. (No Belts, Drugs or Oils). Send post card but no money. It .8 absolutely free.--kitEUNLATIC Rto Co., 315, High Holborn, London.

HOME WOU.II. by the quickest, simplest, and !strati improved HARRISON KNITI,NG MACHIN/WA hikhest wages earned. —Lists from HARRISON MACHINE, Co, LTD., 48, Upper Brook—street. Manchester.

I\T WITING, i lITTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, 6parrow beta, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every deseriptionasoafas Jomrsores, Net Warehouse Corporetion-street, rilanehester.

ALL HAIRDRESSERS, Ac., should try Cumberbirctis NOTED QUEEN RAZOLI,. praised by all users, and guaranteed to all the trade; cheapest yet ptoduced.---Write for prices to 27, ROCHDALE-ROAM, MaDMhebter.

RAPHABL'S Almanac 1903. Contains hints to Farmers and Gardeners. Birthday Information. When to buy, sell, speculate, court, marry. Scc. ; price 6d by post 7d Foinslism, 4, Pilgrim-street. B.C. and all StAtioners TMPORTANT TO LADIEe. Send Postal Order 2a 6d and 1 we will send post free half-dozen Laiies' Pure Irish Linen Handstitched HANDKSHOHIEFS. Money returned t goods not approved.—Dep. 1, itoßlNBofeB, The Belfast Linea Warehouse, zouthport. PARROTS ! Votice : If you want one of these, th,7)-moS-t interesting of all birds, send to fountain Lead. RATS RATS i—unly one exterminater of Rats and that is a Mon- goose ; a pair killed 150 in one night.—CßOSS, King of Wild Beast Merchants, Liverpool. PURB COD LIVER OIL, WARRAVTED PURE direct from the Manufacturer, in betties containing pint and half, 25., carriage paid. Special quotations for quantities.— COLIMIDGE, Cod Liver Oil King, 75, Stanley-street, Grimsby. Established 1854.

HBUMAIISM AND GOUT. A Martyr for years to lit Gout and Rheumatism has beer. quite Cure t with a most simple Remedy, which he will freely communicate to sufferers on receiving address.—Apply CIAPTAIN GILLESPIE, 9.3, 'Sim Grove-road, Barnes, London, S,W. HBUMATISM.—AII kinds speedily CURSD.—Ylarve bus discovery, which quickly expels the poisonous Uric Acid from the blood. Perfectly harmless.—Sufferers write immediately. BARING Gotn.n, Rheumatic Specialist 633 Moseley-road. Birmingham. Advice free.

CORRUGATRD SHRaTh, from 10s 6d per cwt West ers 95 6d per cwt; Ridging, Spouts, Galvanised Tanks Cisterns. Steel Joists, Girders, Flitch Plates, Builders Ironwork; Felts, 35 9d per roll.--SUNOURRILL & Co., Beaver Works. Wolverhampton -

TIAMPIIRS, Wiskets, Setting Baskets on sale; special quotritions for quAntities ; clothes baskets, special quality brown; send for sample dozen assorted sizes at extra low prices, carriage paid. 1: not satisfactory please return them to FRANK WRIGRT, Mawdesley, Ormskirk.

BDRAM Secrets of the id arem.—Lady. who as an inmate of an bastern Harem has gained her knowledge) will be pleased to advise by post and send Recipes to Ladies de- sirous of improving' their personal appearance in any way ; is. 6d. only. MADAME, 13 Swallow-street, Piccaillly, W. 1111 ARISIAN Female Pilules, absolutely infallible speedy. sale. Far superior to Steel, Pennyroyal, Aloes, Hier, Piers, and all such remedies. Price with directions, 2s 91 post free ; free from observation—Sole IiNGLIsH Diercisur ING DEPOT, Sco ehb irn, 011.rniell Laboi• t tory. Driffi-ld.einll

A VALUABLH DISCOVHRI hUBSURIBBH OUKHD tt HIMSHLF AFTBH fifteen years' suffering from PILHS. He offers permanent cure, with a written gu4rantee to return the money if the cure is not effected in a given time. Stamped address for replv.—DAvw HILL, Templastra, Busbmills, Counry Antrim, Ireland.

rpo BR 801D.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive _1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co. with Machinery and 24.420 square yards of Freehold Lani, with siding to the railway. buitable for Chemical or other works requiring sriace.—Address I. Homarm. 16 Fenwick-street. 'Liverpool.

UMBROCIATION.—Wanted, coachmen, grooms. carmen. JID football players, cyclists to send for a receipt showing you how :to make embrocation at little cost, suitable for horses and cattle. or household purposes ; rheumatism. sprains, ricks, kicks, or bruiees. Reoelpt ls.—WALLis, Stopsley, Luton, Beds.

FlogsEcLoraiN G. BEAUMONT BROTHERS, LIMITED, 26, WHITECHAPEL. LIVERPOOL. Manufacturers of all kinds of Horseclothing, Knee Rugs, Driving Aprons, Travelling Rugs, ,kc. Home aud export. Establisheo 112. CONTRAUTORS, Coal Merchants, to. —FOR SALE, 6 I_ BOX CARTS, second-haud,—J. ATICI SON. Wheel- wright, Broughton-lane, Manchester.

01,0itri). MONEY UNDER. WILLS OR DHHUS.—Persons entitled to Gash or Property at death of relatives, or to life Incomes.cao borrow at 4 per cent, per annum,or dell,Mhsfißs. Mc VmlE,42, John Dalton-street, Manchester. Rl5OAt from 3f per cent to be Advanced 3000 on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds in sums to suit borrowers in any part of the country.—J W 85, Cook-street. Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

bimTABLD,RED 187. 210 to £l,OOO Immediately advanced on NOTE OF HAND ALONE. LOW INTEREST. EASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lishedds proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always conducted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS. 2. KING-STREET, HANLEY ; OR 13, NEWGATE-STREE 1. CHESTER.

u FINES.—Nu 6UItETIEs. £5 upwards, on day of application, to all respectable people, professionals, tralespeople, farmers Ac., for whatever purpose required,and any length of time. ReasonableSinterest AND BASY RIiPAYMRNTS TO SUIT EVRHYBODY. DISTANOR NO 0 t3JBOT. OUR STRAIGHTFORWARD AND CONFIDENTIAL DEALINGS WITH ALL OUR CUSTOMERS ARE WELL KNOWN AND RECOMMENDED. Apply in confidence and be convinced to rt. WOLPB & Co., 4 BAJO( itit-ST., WARRINGTON. corner house), near Bank Quay Station. Hours I 9 a.m to 8 p.m. All appliettions and letters promptly attended to.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. A I- DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TLADE- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pAy back. FAIR AND HONOURABLR DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIes CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN B. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty VrA‘rs.

I PORT A I' TO BUKKOW.N.K.B NO FEES OR CHARGES WHATEVER. Any person desirous of obtaining a loan at once from £lO to £1.04 for any private.or business purposes on note of hand alone, aud without sureties, can obtaia seme by apply ing to onr manager. Applications can be made personally or by letter, and upon receipt ot same a representative will at once call to see you and complete the business, DBTANOIS NO OBJECT. Apply WOLFE, 9. CORPORATIos-STREET, MANCHESTER. P.S.—lf any person is paying the usual extortionate rate of interest arrangements on be made to pay off.

THEN WIDNNS lAVESTMIOT AND BANliiiNu COMPANY, LIMITED. 66, VIOTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES. IisTABLISHED 1887 AND INCORPORATED UNDER TRE COMPANIES. ACTS 1862 AND 1896. AUTHORIZED CAPITAL £20,003. LOANS OF £5 TO £5OO are made from periods of one month to three years, upon personal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount required, and the position of the applicant. A 1,43 upon Deeds of Property, Building Society Policies uf Assurance, Au, FOR FURTHER PARTICULA APPLY TO THE MANAGER. Agent for Warrington Mr. JOSEPH WADSWO ET 121, Mersey Street.

UNi UN I.; ti—NOD iI. K.A.:NIi, 141 NII LEL) Established 1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO. HEAD OFFICE: 38, RENIIIAW-BTREET. LIVERPOOL, Adv,TiCes made from Bo to £5,•J03 upon personal security, Deeds, Shares, Policies. Reversions, Annuities, &c. £lO epayable se. weekly. hntire interest...£o 14s 9d. £5O „ 20s. „ ~ f o £3 8s Od. £lOO ~ 40s. „ „ ;, £6 15s Od. Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- gances for fixed periods. stocks and shares bought and sold. —Further particulars on application, personally or by letter 'Fel. 5438 Liveroool. RICHARD OA.VIRS, MA:lager.

BY SPECI&L ACT OF PARLIABILiDIT. MR. OOLFE JACKSON, 2, SYDNEY PLACE, (BROoK STREET), CHESTER. Has been duly Licensed by the Board of Trade to Advauc Cash in Sums from • £5 TO 14,500 To all respectable •touseholders, Farmers, Cow Keepers., aria all others ; any dl.,tance ; to be repaid by easy payments to suit borrowers' convenience. Having done bu.iness in this district for 10 years. wnich is ample proof of the honourable way my business is conducted. Call or write for p-ospectus. which is given or sent gratis. All letters receive my prompt attention, and the money is advanced at the eorrowar's ow&1 residence, thus saving toe trrwuble of a journey No bonds men or sureties are required, only borrower's own signature

MONEY LEN PRIVATELY From £lO upwards—And payable by instalments s may be mutually arranged. ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARUED, NO BILLS OF SALE TAELZ, PROMPT ATTENTION TO INQUIRIES. The undersigned has been established since 1870, and ha,. always conducted his business UNlThitt MS OWN NAMIS. lie has consistently endeavoured to act in a fair and straightforward manner, and has reeeived MANY R.UNDREDS OF LETTERS OF APPRECIATION AND THANKS from those who have dealt with him. For evidence, see pamphlets, which, with Prospectus terms for Advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied Free of Charge on Application either personally or by letter, to GEORGN AYNE, ACCOUNTANT, COUNTY PALATINE BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :- 20, KENNEDY-6TREET,MANCHESTER

SAM N. GREEN, IRONMONGER AND GENERAL DEALER, THE SPOT SHOP, FISH MARKEP, WARRINGTON. FOR USEFUL ARTICLES FOR xmols. FOR BEST VALUE IN EVERYTHING. GO TO SAN' N. GREEN'S.

MY WONDERFUL 2s. 6D. COLLECTIONS, (CARRIAGE 6D. 2 FOR ss. FREE). FOR GARDENS OR GREENHOUSE. CATALOGUES FREE. 12 Mixed Hyacinths for pot or beds, 12 Extra fine mixed Single Tulips. 12 Narcissus, eheasant Eve,Dutch extra quality; the pure white, crimson cup, 12 Jonquils, large single, sweet scented, highly prized for the fragrance, 12 iXial3. Cape flowers ; there is no flower more beautif u for cutting purposes bouquets Ice , rich, brilliant co lour 12 Anemone Windflower. single mixed, 12 ?retch Ranunculus ; the French are the finest of all Ranunculus flowers ;all colours, 12 Allium Neap, Star of Bethlehem, pure white, 12 Winter Aconites, the earliest of spring flowers. 12 Crocus in extra fine mixture, 12 Iris Hispania; most love.y flowers, known as poor man's orchid, 12 cilla Siberica, lovely blue, nice for pots or garden. T. TURNER, F.R U.S., GREAT SUTTON, CHESTER.

COLLECTION OF -I-,' C' STAMPS IN BOOK, 1,003 ALL DIFFBREINT-2Cs. JOHN kXOW, 101, LEA—STRKKT, KIDDHRMINSTER.

THE RENOWNED PENRYEIN PRIZE CHOIR I_ and artistes will give a GRAND CO NCERT in PA.RR HALL. Warrington. on 11.1131SDAY JANUARY 13th in aid of the BRUIESDA RELIEF FUND.

POOR CHILDREN'S CITRISTMAS TREAT PARR HALL, JANUARY 14th, 1903. DONATIOI, S thankfully received by the MAYORESS, members of the COmrnittue ; or Hon. Treasurer. W. H. J, JENKINS. MY. T4YLOR, Hon. Sec. Ladies willing to ere,s a few Dolls are requested to sPnd their names to the Hon. Sec., 9, Tbynne-street. who will for- ward namLer required. JESSIE M PARR (Mayoress). President.

PRELIMINARY NOTICE W ARRINGTON 116-OPLE'S COLLEGE CONCERT. THIS VERY SUCCESSFUL CONCERT WILL BE REPEATED ON THURiDAY JANUARY 15TH. 19C3. IN AID ON THE FUNDS OF THE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND NURSING INSTITUTION. FURTHER ANNOUNCEMENT NEXT WEEK.

WIDOW WELCH'S eiLLs FOR FEMALE 00 MPLAINT SMITHERS, Grand-daughter to the Widow 1 Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine rom the only original and genuine Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained or it a most extensive and increasing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTIONS—To be careful that wnat they purchase is prepared by Mrs Smithey', who is the only person in possession of the ORIGINAL RECIPE. The genuine are wrapped in Blue Paper, and signed on the Oatside Libel by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the bole Wholesale Agents," W. EDWARDB & Sotr 7, Queen Victorie-street," formerly of 67, St. Paul's London, are engraved on the Government ‘itainp. Sampl boxes at 2s 9d each 1.,:r most Chemists.

GARTONS IMPROVED BREED OF YELLOW GLOBE MANGEL IS THE BEST. Awarded a Champion Prize of Bas in addition to other leading FIRST PRIZES in 1901. Price 1/- per lb. ; 105/- er cwt CARRIAGE PAID ez 5 PER CENT. DISCOUNT FOR EARLY PAYMENT. OTHER MANGELS from sd. per lb. FOR GRASSES, CLOVERS, TURNIPS, AND ALL OTHER FARM SEEDS, SEE OUR CATA- LOGUE, POST FREE ON APPLICATION.

PAPER AND BAGS, GROCErtS' WINDOW BILLS, TICKETa,.I TWINES, STATIONERY. S. WEAVER, 3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON.

ALL THE LATEST FASHION BOOKS AT LOWE'S, GOL BORNE STREET, WARRINGTON ALSO A GOOD CIRCULATING LIBRARY. MANCHESTER, LIVERPOOL, & LONDON DAILY PAPERS. RUBBER STAMPS A SPECIALITY.

GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., LIMITED. SPECIAL DISPLAY. OF TOYS AND FANCY GOODS, FOR TUB CIIRISTMA.S SEASON NOW ON VIEW, DOLLS, TOYS, GAMES, SILVER GOODS, ELECTRO-PLATE JEWELLERY, FANCY GOODS AND SEASONABLE NOVELTIES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. FITTED SAGS, DRESSING CASES, LEATHER WARE, CLOCKS, BRONZES, SCREENS. ART NEEDLEWORK, CUSHIONS, COSIES, PERFUMERY, BON-BONS, COSAQUES, &c. GEORGE HENPv LEE & CO., LIMITED. • BASNR TT STREET. LIVERPOOL.

TWO BEAUTIFUL REPRODUCTIONS in facsimile from oil paintings by first rate artist. landslapes. I'll by 11i, can only be distinguished from originals by an expert and fit to be hung in any drawiug-room. Post free on receipt of 3s 6d in P.O. or stamps to BRUCE AND CO., FINE ART PUBLISHER, 35, SURREY STREET, STRAND, LONDON. Money returned is not as represented.

J. TOOLE, LICENSED HORSE SLAUGHTERER, MANURE MANUFACTURER, ALLEN-STREET. WARRINGTON SLAUGHTER :YARD, LONGFORD. TELEGRAMS :—TOOLE. WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 222.

Eittla6slittri

MARVELLOUS ! 500 Rnvelopes. sheets notepaper. post- cards, 1.5.. Lists, samples free.—UNIVERSAL STATIONERY CO., 'I enby. •

SnANDHSCENT Complete Lights, 88 6d doz. ; sample is 2d, O.K ; guarani oecl Mantles. 2s 6d doz. Agents wanted, lists tree—Bias, Plumber, Waltham Abbey, Essex.

lIIMME'S Steel and Pennyroyal Pills are the beat, sold in boxes, is lfd, 2s 9d, and 4s 6d post free.—Hur.mx & Co.. Chemists, Nottingham. Established 1860.

ROYAL XL AUAZINH Oomoetitions.—Oierer solutions to all pictures, 8 sets complete is. ; stamped envelope, guaranteed genuine; satisfaction certain. —GEORGE REEVES, 118, Sugden-road, Lavender Hill, London.

HANDSOMIC high-tone MAIM Box. 8 popular airs, chiming bells, 31s. 6d.—HUNT, Biggle3wade.

FALSE TEETH. Jewellery, Gold, Silver BOUGHT; ut most value given ; parcels by post, cash per return.—S FIELD & Co., Jewellers, 76 Market-street, Birkenhead. A L BANBURY CAKES direct by post In boxes 9 Is 4d. and 2s 6d post tree.—Smun, 64,High-st, Banbury

NO. 3 PULSOMIiTER Air Propeller (Blackman), 241 n Three 2ain Back-pressure Valves, by BAyley, Salford; al infgood condition.—W WILKINson 8; Sons, East Bank Mill, Stockport.

RANDEST VELVST HEARTHRUGS. 64n. x 271 n., %Jr carriage free 4s 6d,-11deters. WARD, 88, Rosebank-at., Dundee. Hawkers, shopkeepers write for price lists. rPO BE SOLD CHEAP, Bull Terrier Dog and Bitch; aleo _L good stiff cart and lurry.—BuLLocx, Longford, War- rington.

SOUTHPoRT.—SIODBBN HOUSB, rent £3B; Bath, w c two entertaining and four bedrooms; near station; town; —HARLAND, 55, Arbour-street.

IXTANTRID COOK-GRNERAL ; wages 2?.0 ; no washing.— VV Apply Mrs YA PP, Mansion House,Whitefield,,Manchester WANTED COOK General, Nursemaids Generale, and Girls.— BARNES' WATERLOO REGISTRY, Elightown, Manchester. WANTRn early in January, YOUNG HOUSRMAID,good reference ; wages £l2 to £l4.—Mrs Birtcs, St Saviour's Rectory, Manchester.

DON'T WAbTIIII your spare time, when a stamped an- dressed envelope sent to me, will bring you particular. ot profitable indoor cmployment.—HlDLEY, 156, Bentod Way, Wallsend.

DROP. GARLAND, in his brilliant and refined R. DRAWING-ROOM ENTHRTAINNIINT of Sleight of hand, Studies in Paper Folding, Blectric Hand Shadows. Illusions, Ventriloquism, 863., entitled Flashes of Fun." Prof Garland can accept. Rugagements for livaninz Parties, At Homes, Comings of Age, Bazaars, Concerts, Fetes and Galas, &c.—For terms apply, PROF T. 0. Gsfudoin.Assembly Rooms, High-stree, Wrexham.

AIISS BESWICK begs to inform the public that _al a class will be formed for teaching Technical Dressmak- ing, (holding certificates for same) to commence Wednesday January 7th, 1933. Terms lUs. per quarter. A.ppllcations to be made to 47 BEWSEY-STREET, Warrington. Also a Fancy Work Class for young girls, Saturday Afternoon. Terms 7s. 6d. per quarter.

SACRED 11:0AAH,DT wACltiauiltoUTl46N. LINEA? (IL- WINNING NUMBERS IN ANNUAL CHRII-TIDIS DRAW. 186 227 465 398 1813 1221 7E5 1684 83 43 1546 686 754 1926 810 1611 42 212 131 1559 280 301 337 1268 181 1830 1305 191 1686 1610 12C9 123 1117 903 169 216 1121 161

H. SINGLETON, 9, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRING fON, THANKS HIS NUMEROUS CUSTOMERS FOE THEIR PATRONAGE IN THE PAST, AND BEGS TO CALL ATTENTION TO THE FACT THAT AT THE RECENI FAT STOCK SALES HE PUR- CHASED NEARLY FIFTY PRIME CATTLE, ALL FED IN THE IMMEDIATE NEIGHBOURHOOD OF WARRINGTON. THESE CATTLE CONSIST MOSTLY OF PRIZE VINNERS, INCLUDING THE W/KNERS OF BOTH SILVER CUPS AT MESSRS. 3IAINWARING CO.'S SALE, ONE ANIMAL WINNING THREE FIRST PRIZES AND THE OTHER TWO FIRSTS; ALSO THE WINNER AT THE NORTON ARMS SALE OF THE FIRST PRIZE BUTCHERS' BEAST, AND OTHERS TOO NUMEROUS TO MENTION. H. SINGLETON ASSURES HIS CUSTOMERS THAT ALL ORDERS WILL BE PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO, AND TRUSTS THEY WILL BE SENT IN AS EARLY AS POSSIBLE. 9, BRIDGE-S MEET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 118, TELMGRAMS : " CHEVIOT." MERSEY STREET, WARRINGTON, IRELAND'S SPECIALITY, V V ALTON " BICYCLE OS. £lO 1 THE BEST VALUE ON EARTH. MADE TO ORDER FROM fB.S.A. FITTINGS, ANY TYRES. W. H. IRELAND Sz Co WALTON CYCLE WORKS, GRgAT SANKEY, REAR WARRINGTON.

CYCLE INFIRMARY IS THE SFIOP TO TAKE TOUR " BIKE " FOR REPAIRS. NO J .13 TOO SMALL OR Too DIFFICULT, ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS. TYRES RE-RIIBBERED AND RE-LINED EQUA TO NEW IN TWO DAYS ALL WORK GUARANTEED. CyOles built to order from Perry's 13.3. L., sa I Datir Lee dttings, Agent for PalmerTyrea. NOTE ADDRESS, D. H. GUEST, CYCLE INFIRmARY, FRIARS GRlS.niv. vrarrington Opt ',site Arpley Station. Alto at MANCIIESTER-ROAD. (late Ilisseubigb's.; S. T. WARD AND (Jo, MONUMENTAL SCULPTORS, MARBLE MASONS. ctc„ Makers of all kinds of Chimney Pier,u3s, Monuments, Tombs Tablets, Pulpits, Fonts, Headstones In Granite, Marble, and Stone. Designs and Hsti.n4ro, pre. LETTER CUTTING. AND CLEANING EXISTING MONUMENTS A SPECIALITY.

731 BUTTERMARKET OPREET, WARRINGTON. A FEW DOORS PAST "THE WAGGON AND HORSES INN." THIS ESTABLISHMHST is OeHN HACH MORNING BEFORH 6 o'cLocx FOR THIS SALE OF ALL LIVERPOOL, MANOHESTHit AND BIRMINGHAM' DAILY PAPERS, PORTING CHRONICLES, SZe. ALL onirtg NicWSPAPHIL PERIODICALi. MAGAZINES ON SALE. The Gentry living in tht Warrington Country Posta District can be supplied by the first early p >st with any o the above fiewspapera by sending their or iers to the above address. THE BITSINEE'S IS UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF JOBN ALLEN, LATE OF CHADWICK'S, SCOTLAND•ROAD.

To ',V LE'S 0 HLORUDYNi'..; Renowned for COUGHS, TOW LE'S CHLORODYNE Consumption, BRONCHITIS, 'TOWLE'S I: 'IILORODY NE Asthma, INFLUENZA, rr4 I 0 WLE'S CH LORODYN 11l 2 4 Spasms, 24 2s. -I' OWL i'S ( I'iILORODYNE ASK FOR TOWLE'S ; TARR NO OTHER

A_KNOLD AND LEWIS. 7, ST. ANN'S SQUA.IIB, MANCH 4STEH. DIAMOND JEWELLERY. Established 183).

SPECTACLES. FR REstLTES OF F. NEUBERTS OITEM OF SiGHT-TESTING, SEE WHIT OTHER PEOPLE THINK IN NEW BOOK OF TESTIMONIALS, Gratis Post Free. F. A. NEUBERT, CONSULTING OPTICIAN, 72, S 4.,NKEY STREET. WARRINGTON: AND AT SOUTRPoRT. ARE YOU A .24ARTYR? SUFFERING FROM INDIGESTION. MMUS- NES,,, INABILITY TO ASSIMILATE YOUR FOOD. Wind in the Stomach, and yet trying to do your daily work like a healthy man ? IT MAY BE HEROIC That effort of yours but you are bound to fail in the race tor wealth, unless you get rid of these troubles at once. There is a newly discovered Enzyme which is ten times as powerful as Pepsin which will digest your food for you, resting your stomach and giving it the tone necessary to perfor n its normal inactions. This new discovery is embodied in MILLER'S DYSPEPSIA TABLETS WHICH ARE SOLD BY H. iIIiLLER, 77, BRIDGE STREET, WARMINGFON, AT 7.1 D. PIM BOX.

- Warrington and 11617 ,-Cheshire Examiner. Da 1, 1 Balled every Saturday morning. THE Runcorn Examine-, published i Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and ffers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widnos Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widnes contains the largest number ot Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and s rapidly becoming 'U Important centre of industry. Tiili Earkstown and Newton Bxarniner, published every Friday afternoon. 'THE St. Helens Axaminer, published every Friduy afternoon. EXAMINER SERIES 'PREPAID A.D Vli itT 16 E E :crs APARTMENTS WANTED HousEB WANTED 'APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD 'ARTICLES Lon MISCELLANEOUS WANTS -ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three SIX Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 38 - ls. 0.1. 23. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 54

2/6 PER RITTLPEBEIRNcLIuteDL) QUART SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/7., 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS WINE KREOHANTS, 20, RENSHAW SittEET, LIVELWOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

KENRICK, THE TAILOR, 16, REN6HAW STREET, LIVERPOOL STYLE, Fir, AND REA'iONABLE CHARGE-4.

NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS, W T. WILLIAMS FOR NOVELTIES IN FANCY BOXED HANDKERCHIEFS, OLOVItS, AND TIBS. FUR NECKLETS FROM is 110 TO FUR MUFFS IN GRBAT VARIIITY, AND ALL KINDS OF FANCY DRAPERY. ‘V. T. WILLIAMS, r OANKEI OTREEr ;LEGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

_ UN CORN TECHNICAL I Ns.riTuT 6. —AN 11XHIBITION OF STUDENTS WORK AND RXHIBITS ILLUSTRATING THE INDU,TRIK3 OF TH. mitaicT WILL BE HELD IN THE TECHNICAL INSTITUrR olg FRIDAY AND SACUtZDAY. JANUARY aND AND 3HI. From 6 p.m.. to 10 p.m. ADMiSSION 3D. BICH.

ing reading and should be read by all who are concerned in the town's welfare. Thrift among the workingpeople continues to spread, thanks mainly to Mr. Handley's efforts as actuary. I would call special attention to the balance sheet published in our advertisement columns. As w 11 be seen from an advertisement there is to be an exhibition of students' work and exhibits illustrat- ing the industries of the district in the Technical Insti- tute. Our readers ale advised to see what promises to be one of the most interesting exhibits held in Runcorn for some time. --- The last days of the old year were spent by most of the churches in fitting devotional exercises. At the Parish Church and the St. Paul's Church, special watch- night services were held to speed the parting year and herald the new. As usual the streets were crowded with men and women who behaved in the hilarious manner peculiar to the festive season. At twelve o'clock, 1903 was signalled by the blowing of fog horns, buzzers and whistles. Long into the early morning,groups of revellers made sweet music to the morning air while some bands of carol singers actually warbled forth their praises until morn- ing light. Happily the weather was somewhat mild, it being anything but seasonable. New Year's Day is generally regarded by the tradesmen as aholiday and the streets presented quite a thronged appearance.

that the old folks and children would be entertained out of the gift of .25 from Mr. James Taylor. GIFTS FOR THE INMATES. The Master reported the receipt of the following gifts :—Mrs. Whitley, Stretton' Warrington, £1; Mrs. Fletcher, Whitley, Northwich, volume' Sundayilat Home"; Mrs. Marsden, Barton House, 53. Scarrisbrooke New-road,Southport, Christmas letters; Mrs. Chadwick, Stanley Villas, Runcorn, Miss Forrister, Stanley Villas, Runcorn, Miss Elsie Wright, Halton, Miss Madge Dow- ling, West-street, Southport, Mr. T. J. Lee, Bridge. street, Warrington, Christmas cards: Miss Alice E. Smith, A.G.F.S., Runcorn, work basket: Miss Holden, A.G.F.S., Antrobus Vicarage Northwich, Bibles and scissors; Mrs. Fowles, Union' Farm, Duiton, Homer's stories; Mrs. T. Wood, Victoria Buildings, Runcorn, periodicals and wool; Mr. J. Boardman, Church-street, Runcorn, volume of the" Sphere"; Mr. Spruce, Preston Brook, periodicals; Mr. J. Taylor, Heathercliff e, Helsby 25. GIFT OF COAL BY MR. TAYLOR. Mr. Cooke reported that Mr. Taylor, with his usual generosity, had sent through him a hundredweight of coal to 210 needy persons. On the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. Norman, a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Taylor. The Chairman said that that completed the whole business of the year. He hoped they would continue to meet in harmony to transact their business, and to do right between those they renresented and those they had charge of in the House. Mr. Mosely-Williams, as one of the oldest members, reciprocated the good wishes of the Chairman, and wished him a prosperous New Year.

InfWRIGH•rs Protects from ectious Diseases. COAL TAR SOAP IS TEE ORIGINAL ONLY GENUINE, a Has 40 Years' Reputation. It is THE Nursery Soap. REFUSE IMITATIONS. ALI

' 000000000Q03J02000000 u..,0., 000000 O W hen. e 8 :0 0 0 „....„ .9% ‘6.....k.. ..1. ..- 0.,'Z,.1.:.10.k..r....- 0 0 0 :6 .a 4 -0,-, . ' oc) eaztd ans § it.:-., .8 1 are ert ~_;,, 6 §: .8 ~11 -,zR)000c00000000-,,ec,0008 Igive your overtaxed digestion . 8 a rest from heavy foods. -8 •g A plain Corn Flour Pudding, o 0 made with good Corn Flour, 0 0 milk and eggs, is just such a n § soothing easily assimilated food las will give the digestion a rest and be sufficiently nutritious. 0 ig For such a dish the Corn I g Flour to use is .E. - ' town& Poison's O " PATENT " ' 1 Corn Flour I , ,0 . Recipe for this and many other 1 light dishes in B. & P.'s A Cook Book, for which send id. O stamp to B. & P., Paisley. 0

THE ---e-i4Ol A ' TO3 11"6‘1 t 0 Crat _ ~.,,,,,, k , „::,,,\ •N\ \ , .v..N , , ,s. % of the 1 ~,, IV ritiDTAI rell, .Z.-------................_ ...---,...„... --.:::----.20 ?Li V,/ yr , ' i \ British •:.., ' , '' . - it Brealifast $ -,,,, , , ' t \ ''' Table. -,..-„,..„........,....,, b.. ~,,...... . 4,... kl, .! , i/L .. it 1, W,i; v*, ,tt'it.A. '' ' , A dre t; '' 7,..-------1 ;1 L4i.s..At, 4. -4,,. 4,14, --A•r, , \ ~ ftt„ v. A British Product ;-1 , 4 Toct. -,•7 )i •. - 4. ' • --, which America can neither approach in .''4,,,,,,,:k..-.• 4=,-----4;40000.14iso iit ie .1 0 ~,,,,tr ~ 0.,.., ', , ~\ \ k Excellence nor Shake -*' L,T,4\littePt % - ,v,,,'o\ , in British favour. ~,

,„ . • P 621 •Trrj i•"" om%, :4v 4 F.. tkic..„,k,.. 4114:i. po. r OFii Healthy Climate. Good Crops. Free Schools. • C Light Taxes. Abundant Water. The most progressive and prosperous Colony. Pamphlets and information supplied gratis. For particulars apply to the Office of the High Commissioner for Canada, or to Mr. W. T. R. PRESTON, Commissioner of Emigration, 17, Victoria , Street. London, S.W., or to Mr. A. F. JURY, Old Castle Buildings, Preesons Row, Liverpool.

• Alterations at Warrington Public Houses. At the County Borough Police Court on Monday, before Mr. F. Monks and other magistrates, Mr. Browne applied on behalf of Messrs. Greenall, Whit- ley and Co., for permission to make alterations at the "Black Bear" Inn, Knutsford-road. lie said the drinking area would not be altered in any shape or form. At present there was a stable adjoining the inn, and it was proposed to pull it down and rebuild it at the back of the house. Superintendent Monaghan had seen the plans and had no objection to the appli- cation.—The Bench sanctioned the alterations.—Mr. Browne then made an application for permission to carry out certain alterations in regard to the domestic and sanitary accommodations at the "White Hart" Hotel, Sankey-street, and this was also granted. Another Cure of Disease of the Lungs of Ten Years' Stand- ing by DE Locecx's PULMONIC W AFFRS.—Mr D Verrent, Coast Gut rd, Mountoharles, Donegal, writes : ' They are all they are represented to be. I have a child who was affected in the mugs (for ten years). sad they are the only thing that have done him any goiikel " In Asthma, Con- sumption, Bronchitis Coughs, Colds. Rheumatism, and all Hysterical and Nervous Complaints, instant relief and a rapid cure is given by the Wafers which taste pleasantly Sold by all Druggists at Is lid and Es 9e per hex (2)• CLARKE'S 13 41 PILLS are warranted to core, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4e. rid. each, of all Chemiets and Patent Medicine Vendor.* through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lineoln and Midland Counties Drug Compan- y I—ro THE TEETH A.BD Bnr.s.xn.--Thormayhy cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, provcas tartar, stops decay. and gives to the teeth a I,eculist pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price Ss. Ed. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Floriiin( "Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers. isfdrt VALUABLE Die JOVEBY FOR THE cfain,—li your hair tt•troing grey or white or falling off use the 14,4extc.sat HAL, RENEWER, for it will positively restore. in every case, grey to white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, Its we, las promoting the growth. Price 3. rer fettle.— A,? vt• To MerrisEn?•.—Mrs Winr low's Soothing hy,lip has heel; used for over fifty years by millions 01 mothers for their zhildren while teething, with perfect, seeress. It will relieve the roorsufterer immeuiateiy. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural oriet, bleep, ey relieving the child from pats. an the attt bernb awakes "as I•eigl.t as a button." Of all Chemists is 1 rr bottle. Aavt.

PILES AND INDICaSTION CURED. Do not neglect PILE:?, Fistula in, v follow. KEUTY'S CURE is the only safe and effectual i. ,u 0,3 tor inv.ard, out- ward and bl,edlng Piles or Fistula. it acts like a charm on the Blood, and causes arm to disvppear like magic. It, is a Pesitve cure for the mcst acuto torms ot Chronic Ind;ges- t fan. One bottle will convince you, price Is. 1/d. boldby BOOTS and all Chemists. Post paid trout liIf,UTY AND CO., HALIFAX.

--- - IL'HADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED LAUNDRY AND DAIRY MACIIINERY Over 419 a Gold a Silver Medals and First Prize Award& NEW 51.17:w ASIIINti .tIai;DINE (The " TEirJz"). "VOW." WASIIING"WRi7iOI.I,' --'TnAranAGIS" CUURNS. AIM MANGLING MAC/11N1E. I BUTT= 11'01.:PL.:118. LAUNDRY Rt.:QUOITS& ' Duey APPLIANces. Liberal Cash Terms. CatalCognes Post Free. THOMAS BRADFORD AHD CO., 140442, High Holborn, London; DA Bold Street, Liverpool . . Victoria Avenue, Manchester; Crescent. Iron Works, Salford. _

1 Pt Rea.utiful Figure r.t§friti Improved Health is ensured to wearers of this perfect Corset. The latest model of a fashionable expert, anatomically constructed to give strong support and improvement to the figure. Ladies who use this new model corset say it is far and away the best ever manufactured. ).47. , d.. 14 Ili 1, , L1M7.53 ~ • , _t, I:•%,tylt; '4'7 . PATENT ,i,,.\"•,,t,,,,, ' I C-A6'?•.' SIDE-SPRING t_ Beautiful in Construction. Unrivalled in Style. Constructed in accordance with physiological principles. give no undue pressure, but yield to the movements or the body, and the side supports are UNBREAKABLE. Modell.d in different shapes to suit various types of figures, they yield a most graceful and rounded appearance. Prim's. S/11} to 10 8. Obtainable frpin the brincipal Drapers and Ladies' Outfitters, hilt if any difficulty in pic•znringovrite for name of nearest agent. , Insist on having the J.B. Lys;st...r-in. Comt— The Best. ' 'IMPORT ANT.—The wear of every J. B.Corgie. is qh..,lnt.lv rtuaranreed by the- 801.P. MANUFACTURER, J. H. BLAIR, Croat Anooats Btrest, Manohester.

NEW CENTURY PHONOGRAPH. 111 E WORLD-RENOWNED TALKING MACHINE. It Talks. It. Shrgs. It Plays. • Reduced to Reduced to 6/- 6/- Each. ; Z.- Each. L LOUDEST cIMPLti ST, CHEAPEST. 11 EC(MI DS New 1"aP". High Speed. Extra Loud. Fit all Mac-slither Is 3d. each. IA rite for Lists. sent Free. SEND FOR ILLU,TRA TED CATALOGUE. List cf Records. Huts on Ho:mid Making. DRALIft,S send for list of Parts. POST FREE. AGt-NTS WANTED f; EAT) DEPOT: NEW CENTURY PHONOGRAPHS, WATERFIELD, CLIFFORD, & Co., Ltd., Dept. W.E. 40, Hatton Garden, Holborn Circus, London.

(it:r 1 I-1E tsLuou F tit LIFE CLARKE'S woRLD-RmED BLOOD MIXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. -- "We have see•n hosts of letters from people who bay received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blcod Mixture- It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes an further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought tc tight,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impu-ities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blooc Disea.ses, Pimples, and Sores cf all kinds, its effects are marv3llous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheims `,lO Pains, for It removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and us. each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro prieturs. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DEO CIOM PA NT s ;:00T,N . Beware •-f worthi.as imtiatlon

•DR.DLOI t ; COMPOUND RENAL PILLS Are n5l Iv celebrated all over the world as the most safe an speedy remedy for Palos in the Wick. Gravel, Lumbago. G(mt., Itheuna Also, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other Leposits. Stnne in the Bladder, Discharges. coo Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally Mesly ,•mpiaiuts. supposed to be nervous, often arise solely from contamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys. Ikvery package I.es.rs the Government stamp, with the words, 'WALTER DB ROOS, LONDON," thereon by order ol her 11n. Commissioners, Price is. lid. an 26. 9,1, at all Medicine Houses, or poet free from Proprietor Rolf orri ..nilP re 1.4 ^,

H t 3, I oway s 'O,ANTMENTO CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE THROAT, QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN.

Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London.

COLEMAN'S l'z, ..'',. '.' '' , ."--"•'? A -X:...':* "." t 6'. '''.; si '1; • ' '..1 t-i-..1--4•;ft ..t•-•2, '"'"-' ' THE FINE, CI ' , IN THE 44 , . n w WORLD. ...., 6 000 5 mTeficetilvmedonfirot 65 0I) 0 _ Medical Mon. NORWICH & LONDO .

A i* \ 'fa 't I SUIT, Fn.; erar.: eckt,cwrtill.S;n3dß.7 pmercwntete, 11(3 , 4fr , pavrnents of 5. each, making a .t\ 1 \ tailortotal owt o4uo led. tc, i.ra argreuyl to yu PaLl local l 4- 11* ss'l , \ NC"OcRa 'OhvAeTt;Or vrIV V-SimEr'RwGn E In B tiF . Black, or Greys ' 0", Send tc-day for patterns and self- measurement forms, to C. E. WRIGHT and Co, 649, 4ttcrcliffe-rd., ShGffielo. Carriage pad on all orders. W., guarantee all goods to tit, 100 t '1; smart and well made. i•lease mention this paper. ....,.....,

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OP TONI C SANE EY-STE LET, Warri gton.—AdVt., ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WA T E RS.—Advt.

F 0 i F 1 11 8 T-CLASS DPINTISTRY. _r, „TN. Anvnintnien,s utineoe,Arv, orkv be arranged. j'El47l-1. consuitittionti free. wan. (i,..01) pia:lent informer, th,, :soot wort. rPquired. Goki arc'.Ui t, moderate m.D.. ithio LArly ikti,roitott,s. P' 'West iix.To: ,lltizot c irs hhti.).,cider.l t,t -,o by o, In 1 of 13.":010tvikiinns e wetmir. thre ,J. PA.O k I N N (DENTIST HY lix.cti MR. INADDPFON ST. SI gLiitIVS MOS DAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 Lin,. to 6 p.m. WA.IZRINOTO-N ...3A, SANREY-STRICF4II witDIVESDAY: S to 5. RItORN,.- —3l. BRIIii.4IL-STRE&T TLIVESDAY, 2 to 5. NOkTIWiC —lB, APYLEMAIMEIT-STIMET FRIDAY, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.

Marriages. COX—BRADSHA w—December 20th, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, John. Cox to Edith Bradshaw. Cows—RoLLINS— m Deceber 21st, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, John, Collins, to Ellen Rollins. GEDDEs—GRIFFITHs—December 21st, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, John Richie Geddes, to Margaret Griffiths. PARSONAGE--BROCKLEHURST—December 21st, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, George Parsonage,to Grace Elizabeth Brocklehurst. H A TroN—Moßßl:3—Decernber 21st, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis, James Hatton. to Elizabeth Morris. HoRRAMN—COTTERILL—On the 22nd December at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. Canon Willis,. William Horrabin to Ellen Cotterill. SMITH—PRITCHARD—On the 25th December, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rey. A. S. Cameron, George Smith to Elizabeth Ellen Pritchard. DARBysHlßE—Buitßows—On till. 25th December, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. A. S. Cameron Frederick Darbyshire to Ann Burrows. H , • OUGH—IiENNETT—On the 25th December. the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. A. F. White, George Hough, to Clara Bennett. DOBSoN—SHAw—On the 25th December at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. A. F. Wnite, Thomas • Dobson to Annie Shaw. - Iln Memoriam. • In ever-loving memory of my Dear Father, William. Owen, who fell asleep December 31st, 1899, aged 71 years.—Gone, but never forgotten.
