===== 0002601_19030508_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES.

QIADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide).- From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 21s. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. fid.

n 9, AND 41, DALE STREET.

12, LORD STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
13 EWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON

I'Rou TELEPHONE 355 Y. Nte,RANNEs FOR FETES, IIi(ZRAMMES FOR BAZARS. 80(1114MNIES FOR SALES-OF WORK. PoR n FOR SOIREES. OF ALL SIZES OEIN WALILE" 14AND CO.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
- kt,h-S -awe 011°-

4

,4,441

===== 0002601_19030508_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ist I' • •' • - t, 4 ‘• . • • , 0 • 144,, X 1111.1114L' I • 1:t.4., ),. Alc; 14' • 0. • • , k• 9 t "''' * 1 ' „Jo •'.6 I ;5 • e.) • - . ,

ONE PENNY,

FRIDAY, MAY 8, 1903.

BY POST}' 7% per Quarter, 6s 6d per annum Is gd per Quarter credit,

===== 0002601_19030508_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
No. 1256.

FOR FINEST QUALITY, HOME-CURED WILTSHIRE, IRISH, DANISH AND CANADIAN BACON . AT REASONABLE PRICES TEI JOHN ASHLEY, 61, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINQION.

etfuratton.

ARWIOK HOUSE SCHOOL, Poulton-le-Fyle. Black- TVpool; excellent education; happy home; sea and country air.—Prillpioal, Miss RooßasoN.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
RICH ARD

ESTABLISHED 1838.

JEFFREYS,

88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERFOOL, PRANUI MAJCIM AND PRINT WILLER. A Large Assortment of Framed retures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prises, ko. Terms Moderate. A FINH COLLBOTION OF PIIOIOGIA,PIiS for Orystoleurn and Plnel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of !natures in the Continental Galleries.

eptlts.

BOOK Is. on CYCLE BUILDING and Repairlng.--Smira 149, Watt-street, Glasgow.

CYCLICS. Frames, Frames, Frames. 8..&. pattern £2 17s 6d only; wheels 15e 6d pair —WEsTvraith Ho CYCLE WORKS, 580 High road, Chiswick.

ROCHE'S HERBAL hMBRUCAIION.

HOUrlisili COUGH OOPING COUGH H The celebrated ejfectua cure without internal

HOOPING COUGH medicine

1100 PING COUGH Of all Chemists price 4s: per bottle. Sole Whole- BRONCLIITISI raleAgents : W. EDWARDS &ON, 157, Quean;Victoria CROUP treet, London.

DENTISTRY.

J. H. PARKINSON

(Dairies sr HsAm.)

(Telephone 1680),

ALL TEE ADTANTAGES OF CO-OPERLTION may be secured without trouble by customers dealing with Boots, the Cash Price Disrensing Chemists, who prepare Physicians' Prescriptions and Family. Recipes with Pure Drugs at about one-half the usual charges, or equal to an immediate dividend of 50 per cent, on the outlay. OVER 300 BRA.NCHE EACH BRANCH IS UNDER THE MANAGE-

MEET OF 4 FULLY QUALIFIED CHEMIST.

Boors CASH kjiIEMISTS. 125, BRIDGE STREET, 5, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 120.

FOR FIRST-CLASS PRIVA TE

TEZTH. Appointments unnecessary but naay be arranged TEETH All consultations free, TEETH, Haat patient inform, )d beforehand the cost of work required.

TEETH. Gold and other linings at modezatc charges. TRETE. An M.D., also Lady Attendante:: TEETH. Painless Extraction as hitherto:try the aid of Nitrous Oxide. TEETH.

II Laker to Deuctsts of 10,000 gallons weekly. lizors. of the lt.

MANCHESTKR-,- -...-46, MOSLEY-STRSET

AIR. 11-ADDISON ATTENDS' ST. HELEN:S. GEORGE-STREM MONDAI, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.rn. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m

'ARRINGTON ......._3A, SANKEY-STREEt WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5.

RUNCORN BRIDGE-STREE/1 THURSDAY. 2 to 5.

NORTHWICFI_ 14, APPLEMARKET-STREET FRIDAY, 11 to 12 and 1 to 5.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, . . - . •

_ _

===== 0002601_19030508_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS

THOUSANDS nF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM

DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BERN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A

===== 0002601_19030508_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
BOON TO WOMANKIND.

They are the best known Remedy for AR2VIII3, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 91-d, is ltd. 2s 9d. 4s 6d, and lls. May be had from Ohemlats and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Proprietor. Only Address : 309, PORTOBBLLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL.

LONDON, W.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
Monty.

IV, rONEY UNDER WILLS OR DEB DS.—Persons entitled 131 to Cash or Property at death of relatives, or to Life Incomes.can borrow at 4 per cent. per annurn,or 2e11,811.88119. Mc VirnE.42, John Dalton-street. Manchester.

TOXPECTATIONS UNDER WlLLS.—Persons entitled to CI money or property on death of friends can have ADVANCE any amount, from £4 P.C. per ann., speedily negotiated ; if preferred, loan and interest repayable when legacies are paid. No preliminary charges.—Apply PEEL, 41, New Oxford-street, London, W.C.

DON'T BORROW IN YOUR OWN TOWN where you and the lender are well known. THR BRITISH FINANCE CO„which is expressly established,and registered pursuant to Act of Parliament, makes eftIVATE ADVANCES to male and female without Loan Office Routine. Interest and repayments Lowest in England. £5 LOAN ...... 2e WEEKLY i £2O LOAN de WEEKLY £lO „ Monthly and quarterly payments taken. Letters answered and cash brought to your house--BRITIsH FINANCE 00., 46a, MARKET-STREET, 31ANCHESTER.

ESTABLISHED 1875. RlO to £l,OOO Immediately e.dvanced OH NOTE OF HAND A LOEB. LOW INTEREST. EASY REPAYMENTS. BO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lished Is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always condu3ted my business. Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. E. HARELS, 2. KING-STREET. HANLEY OR 13. HEWGATE-STREET. CHESTER.

ILTHWI £3 AND UP 11' ARDS. DON FAIL GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable le Ed weekly EEO repayable 7e 6d weekly, £5 „ Is Od „ £5O „ 17s 6d £lO Is 61 „ £lOO , 39e 6d „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in eon- fidenee to MAURICE AND CO,. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Miss COTTBRILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURS, 9 am to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTEDD TO.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, MO, £5O, £lOO. ° ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- BIBS, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders. on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF TRH CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER : 301111 E. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twenty Years.

UNI 0 N CREDIT BANK, LIMITED Established .1838. Registered Capital £lOO,OOO. MILD OFFICE: 38, RENSILLVI-BTREET, LIVERPOOL, Advances made from £5 to £5,000 upon personal secnirity, Deeds. Ebert's, Policies. Revereons. Annuities, Ate. £lO Liepayable ss. weekly. Entire interest...£o 14s 9d. 250 „ 20s. .. ~ „ £3 8s Od. £lOO .. 40s. .. „ :, £6 15. Od, Other spins proportionately. Bills disoounted. Also ad- vances for fixed periods. Stocks and shares bought and sold. —Further particulars on application. personally or by letter Tel. 5438,Liverpool. RICHARD DAVIES, Manager:.

IMPORTANT TO BORROWERS NO FEES OR CHARGES WHATEVER. Any perton desirous of obtaining a loan at once from EIG to £l,OOO for any private or business purposes on note of hand alone, and without sureties, can obtaiß same by apply- ing to onr manager. Applications can he made personally or by letter, and upon receipt ot same a representative will at once call to see you and complete the business, DI iTANCE NO OBJECT. Apply WOLFE, 9. CORPORATION-STREET. MANCHKEITER. P.S.—lf any person is paying the usual extortionate rate of interest arrangements can be made to pay off,

NO FINES.-NO SURETIES. £5 upwards, on day of application, to all respeatable people, profess- ial,, tradespeople, farmers titc., for whatever purpose required,and any length of time. Reasonablelinterest AND EASY REPAYMENTS TO SUIT EVERYBODY. DISrANCE NO OBJECT. OUR STRAIGHTFORWARD AND CONFIDENTIAL DEA.LINO9 WITS/ ALL OUR CUSTOMERS ARE WELL KNOWN AND RECOM(ENDED. Apply in confidence and be aonfinced to H. WOLFE & Co., 4 PARKER-ST., WARRINGTON. corner house), near Bank Quay Station. Hours : 9 a.m to 8 p.m. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

THE WIDNES INVESTMENT AND BANKING COMPANY, LIMITED, 66, VICTORIA-ROAD, WIDNES. IZSTABLIIIRED 1887 AND INCORPoRATED UNDER TRE COMPANIF:9' Acrs 1862 AND 1896. AUTHORIZHD CAPITAL £25,G00. LOANS OF £5 TO £5OO are made from periods of one month to three years, upoa pereonal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount required, and the position of the applicant. Also upon Deeds of Property, Building Society Policies of Assurance, do, FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY TO THE MANAGER. Agent for Warrington: Mr. JOSEPH WA.DSWORTH. 121. Mersey Street.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY In large or small sums (not less than £10). payable by instalment., or as may be mutually arranged, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. The undersigned has been ESTABLISHRD INWARDS OF THIRTY 'MUM and haa formed a very large connee • Hon. During the last 20 years alone the total amount lent by him

EXCEEDED £1,250,000 ! 'lle—ti;ts received HUNDREDS OF UNSOLICITRD LETTERS OF THANKS and has annually, for the past seven years, issued selections from these in pamphlets, of which nearly 400,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for Advances, or any Information de- sired, will be supplied FREE OF CHAR(II3, on application, either personallyor by letter, to

GEORON PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT. CoIINTY PALATINH I3UILDINCIS. 16, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. OR TO THE HEAD OFFICE :

20, KENNEDY-STREETAANCHNSTER

EXAMINE

OFFICE, ALL KINDS OF PRINTING _FOR CONCERTS TEA PARTIES

-- - _ _

===== 0002601_19030508_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
.44 ' '

ALWAYS 1T IS McDOUGALL'S Pate tit SELF—RISING FLOUR 'ME BEST

===== 0002601_19030508_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
The Highest Authority

on foods and drinks

is your digestion.

Physicians find that the one nutritive and stimulating beverage that

suits all digestions

===== 0002601_19030508_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
4 van flouteiis-.,;:„..,..0 Coa

A healthy Stimulant. An invigorating Food. A delightful Beverage.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Once more the Honse of Commons has passed the .second reading of the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill, by a Baptist Church, Golborne-street large majority and though no one expects anything to come of it, yet, unlike last year, the Bill has possi- A sermon introductory to following discourse* was btlities of being advanced a stage or two further this preached by the Pastor on Sunday evening lost at the session. It was to oblige a former Duke of Beaufort above church. The importance of home life and its that the law was altered inlB3s,and since then, number- effect upon the world, and other interesting points were tees attempts have been made to legalise marriage with ePiphasized. "is Competition unohristian ?" will form address, after which a deceased wife's sister, which is sanctioned by the civil the subject of Mr. Dunnico's next law of nearly every other country in the world, includ- any similar subjects which may be suggested will be /lug the British Colouies. If it were fraught with such semen. acssial dangers as the opponents of the Bill declare, Brunswick Road Mission, Earlestowv. surely evidence of this would be forthcoming from all these various sources. Yet none can be quoted, and it The annual special services in aid of this mission were is absurd to say that such marriages are forbidden by held on Sunday in the Hall. They were conducted by Scriptural precept, nor is there any justification for the Mr. Robert Tanfield of Bradwell, and there were large State interfering to prevent them. congregations at each of the services whichwere very The Earl of Yarmouth. who recently married Miss , interesting. In the afternoon a musical service was Alice Cornelia Thaw, of Pittsburg, is shortly returning given by the children and the choir, the subject being from America, and will stay with Lady Yarmouth at "The Cabin boy's Bible." The connective readings were Ragley Hall, Warwickshire. The wedding, at which the given by Mr. T. Ormand, and the various choruses and Earl's parents Lord and Lady Hertford were present, solos were very ably rendered. Mr. A. Dring presided was free from that unostentatious display which is the at the organ and Miss A. Bennison at the piano. The delight of so many wealthy American families.—For the collections amounted to over £ll. Earl has secured not only a charming bride, but a , wealthy one to boot, and one of her sisters is married to 1 a nephew of Mr. Carnegie, the millionaire philan- Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. thropist. The Earl is noted chiefly for his • ability as : At the meeting of this society on Sunday the chair aa amateur actor, and Lady Yarmouth's fortune will was occuped by Mr. A. Downes, who urged the necessity hardly be a burden to him. Not a little of the Hertford of young men having an aim in life if they intended to property has been alienated from the family, and the succeed. Mr. A. Corney delivered an address based on famous eollection of pictures and art treasures' which the words "Silver and gold have I none, but such as I Wad left to Sir Richard Wallace, and is now the pro- have give I unto thee." He pointed out that there was party of the nation, belonged to the fourth Marquis of something better to give than gold. The good in man, Hertford. he showed, came from God,s.nd when a man imparted help, Miss K. Chamberlain, a niece of the Colonial Seers- comfort and cheer unto the needy, the action was tary, has recently been appointed house physician at the prompted by the soul, the man's own self. The greatest Royal Free Hcepital in London. This was the first good which one received came not from the great and general hospital in England, to open its doors to women wealthy but generally from the poor, who gave help, medical students who however, had already gained sympathy and inspiration for all good work. Under the admittance to some of the hospitals in Scotland, and it spell of love and the knowledge of truth we went forth was one of the first institutions of its kind, to appoint to serve our Master ' and Lord. One new member was women onits general staff. This change proved to be enrolled, bringing up the membership to 461. The much a complete success, that, out of its total staff, of service was also taken part in by Mr. B. Farrar, Mr. 49 medical officers'no fewer than 23 are women. Like Bannister and Mr. W. Beswick, jun. so many of oar women doctors, Miss Chamberlain was trainedat the London (Royal Free Hospital) School of —..--.......- Medioinefor women, and as a rule, a woman has to workhard for five years, and requires fully £2OO, before AFTER THIRTY YEARS. she can become a fully qualified doctor. All the mosaic work at the Cathedral of the ROMA] , Catholic% Ctsnrch, which is in course of erection at West- Mc. Samuel Horner, of Spilbrook Farm, Bishop's g Rheumatism S t ortf ord ,He rit_s, _seys: "I have been a sufferer from =Wester is being done by women artistes. The building for al years. I have tried all sorts of would be in any case, one of the most beautiful in things before taking Dodds Kidney Pills, but found London, but a special feature will be the splendour of very little relief—it has always come back again." its coloured mosaics, in the making of whioh it is quite Think of it! Rheumatism for thirty-four years, so a new departure to employ women workers. Some bad that sometimes the sufferer could not dress or un- dress are thus engaged, all of whom have been dress himself. Thirty-fourfsuffering d trained by Mr. George Bridge, the decorative artist years o acute an all of it might have been saved—every day of it. who is in charge of the work. each piece, which Homer. Kidney ..Pills have worked wondere for Mr. - It is done with thick opaque glass, They relieve and the pain does not come back. may be one of a thousand tints being cut into the re- This, when the disease, entirely due to the• kidneys, quired shape by a special machine, and fixed in its plac,e with prepared mastic) cement. A good deal is left to seemed chronic. No one should suffer a day from the artistic taste and initiative of the individual worker. Rheumatism—the curse of thousands. As a rule the foreign moseic worker follows out the It is a kidney disease and its cure is a kidney remedy design in tints, all of which have been numbered, and Dodd's Kidney Pills. There is no such thing as placed to his hand, but women generally, have a better Rheumatism with well kidneys. eye for colour effect than men, and it 13 believed that ' when completed their work at the Cathedral will be ___„*„.___ unique in the beauties of mosaic art. The Ladies' Automobile Club of Great Britain and DROWNING MYSTERY AT RUNCORN. Ireland, which Lady Cecil Montagu has been mainly instrumental in forming, will have the Duchess of Marl- On Sunday, at Clifton, near Runcorn, a matt saw some borough for its president, and the names of a fewof the clothing on the edge of a pit, and gave information to members on the club oommittee are sufficient to chew the police. Constable Ellis proceeded to the place, and how keenly,automobilism has been taken up by Society found a man's light overcoat and e billyoock. Mr. -women. They include the Duchess of Sutherland, the Byfleld, of Ruttoorn, dragged the pit, and recovered the Countess of Dudley, the Countess Howe, Lady Castle- body of a man, aged about 45 years, and about 5 feet fli reagh, Lady Maud Warrender, Lady Wolverton, Lady inches in height,with light brown hairand moustache,and Jeune, Mrs. St. John Brodrick, and many other notable blueeyes. The body was clothed in a black suit.A letter women in the ranks of wealth and fashion. The club from 20, Main-street, Glasgow, and signed "Your will be qualified to issue certificates of proficiency in affectionate son, John Thompson," was in one of the driving which are necessary in France and other foreign overcoat pockets. An envelope addressed to countries, and it will also facilitate customs and other 97, Boundaryslane, Liverpool, was also found. arrangements for members desiring to take their cars —The inquest was conducted by Mr. R. Dobson at the abroad. The popularity of the motor car, like that of Runcorn Police Station on Monday.—Evidence was the cycle, owes much to the patronage of women, for given by Daisy Quirk, 73, Boundary-lane, West Derby- whom automobilism seems to have greater attractions road, Liverpool. Deceased was her father, and was a than for men, barrister's clerk, aged 45. She last saw him alive on The leading drapery houses and emporiums in London Friday night, when she saw him away from Edge Hill are now entering upon their busiest season, and it is Station. He said he was going to Stafford. She seldom that this proceeds far,before some or other believed he was out of employment. She did not know fashionable dressmaker is summoned for keeping work- why he was going to Stafford. His wife was not living. women and girls employed for excessively long hours. There were six children, two younger than herself. She The excuse is always that some distinguished woman did not know if he had any money worries. She in society must have certain new dresses within a few believed he was troubled in his mind about something days. They come at the last moment, requiring new because he looked so downcast. She had not seen him toilettes for special occasions, and it matters nothing to for 13 years before last week.—No further evidence as them what tax these orders may put upon the firm's em- to how deceased fell in the water was given, and a ser- ployees. This so frequently happens during the London dict of " Found drowned" was returned. season that none can doubt that there is ample room for a similar league as was recently started by several influential women in Paris, with a view to strictly avoid all establishments where the shop keepers are unkind to their workpeople. It requires a strong effort to take an interest in airy fairy summer frocks, when the sight of such creations causes one to shiver. But we must make the effort and trust meanwhile that the glorious late spring, and hot summer predicted by weather prophets, may really fall to our share. Nun's veiling is being used by the furlong by leading dressmakers, for early summer frocks, and this fabric possesses many advantages. It lends itself well to the rashionable accordian pleated, or gathered skirt, drapes, bangs, and wears excellently, and last but •by no means least is quite inexpensive. In muslin's, delaines, grass lawns, organdies and voiles, there is little fresh to record, but the new linens allow great 'strides from an artistic point of vipw. The shot varie- ties are exceedingly beautiful and these, elaborately strapped with silk, form some of the most dressy after- noon toilettes designed for summer wear. At the moment, homespuns of coarse weaving and in primitive colors, are the favourite wear. Such gowns, or coats and skirts, are just what we require during this uncertain month,and for travelling, or the holidays later on, they are most useful. Irish, Scotch, Welsh, home- spun., all are being patronised by tailors and dress- makers, and for hard wear, and excellent effect, they will prove difficult to beat. That useful little garment the coffee coat promises to shortly become much too popular to please the well- dressed woman. This is a matter forvegret, as for wear over a simple blouse at theatres, or restaurant dinners, or for home wear over a middle aged gown, this little garment is invaluable. And though effective it need not be by any means expensive. Quite short remnants of silk, lace, and ribbon, and a little patience, are all that are needed to turn out a dainty coffee coat. MADGE.

Ragged School and Mission, A Service of Song, entitled "Jessica's first prayer," "wag rendered in the above mission on Sunday after- noon by the choir of Sharp-street Mission, the connec- tive readings being given by Mr. J. W. Bouchier, of Stockton Heath. The vocal parts were well sung under the direction of Mr. G. H. Jones. During the service Miss Bouchier contributed two violin solos. In the evening a special service was held, the preacher being Mr. Gray, when selected music was given by the children and choir.

/4MP""I%;PN

===== 0002601_19030508_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
EVERY WOMAN

Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated Book containing valuable information how all Irregularities and Obstructions may be entirely a- voided or removed by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians, as the only Safe, Sure, and Genuine Remedy. Never fails. Thousands of testimonials. Mr. P. BLASCHARD, Daistort-la, London.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
-

Benger's Food

IFor INFANTS; INVALIDS, and the AGED,

===== 0002601_19030508_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
Benger's Food has tiv

gained a world.. wide reputation—. not by extravagant or sensational advertisement, but by the constant recommendation of those who use ft, and of raedical men who linow its value.

43ENGIER'S FOOD is sold in Tins by Chemists, everywhere.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
imm

===== 0002601_19030508_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

The Examiner, Friday, May 8, 1903. THE NIGHT OF THE CRIME.

Those who have to study economy in dress should treat their possessions with care, and they would soon find that they were well repaid for the extra trouble entailed by the smart appearance retained by their clothe generally. Indeed, mothers are far toe neglectful on this point in the bringing up of their daughters, and do not teach them to put everything that belongs to them -in its own proper place as neatly and sm9othly as when it was new—a habit which, when once acquired. lasts a lifetime and is invalu- able. Women do not seem at all to grasp the fact that most of 'their belongings are lying-idle more than they are worn, or they

A PRETTY TOQUE

would, I am sure, be more attentive to these little niceties, which are little things is themselves, but go so far towards a trimness of appearance. A girl who knows heiw to make her clothes wear well when she conies in from a walk does not hang her coat up by the loop which is generally placed inside the collar, but uses a coat-hanger, which keeps the garment in proper shape. The pretty toque sketched is one of those delicate affairs which do require careful treatment, being made of pleated creamy tulle with a cluster of blush roses and their Leaves resting on the hair at the back. The shape is a fashionable one, and a dressy toque of this style will make an otherwise plain toilette quite smart and suited ,to many social functions.

To keep a blouse well in shape it should always be hung up by the loops which are generally attached to the armholes, while the more elaborate ones for afternoon wear should be stuffed with tissue paper and laid carefully in a drawer. Gloves, likewise., demand their share of careful attention if they are expected to wear well, and one should never forget, when removing them, to turn them wrong side out, afterwards pulling each finger back again into shape and folding the

" are too gum col ttie valuter. slim Mows appears I am not abie to take the estate, so my threat to Mrs. Bedowen not to pay the annuity is an idle One. Ti she really knows anyaing about Pillage she will •hold her tongue and get. her andmity by leaving Mrs. Trensovaa in possession.' " That is very true," assented Will; "you can Look at the matter in that way. But ass long aa Mrs. Iledowen gets her annuity she does not oars whether you or Mn. Tremetran is in possession. In fact, sirs:* she hates M. Trednewan, it is ()Ile she would prefer to see you at. The Gray it.otit). You must force .her hand by stating that you intend to bring the gnatter into court. I will see Mrs. Tretnewan's Lwyer, and get him to refuse to pay the annuity until the matter of your e4aim is settled. She•wante Joociey, and wall ow- tain:y take some aotion."

"Suppose she prefers to -sear "In any case she will have to go into court," said Will. I shall Eke it my business that she does. It will not be a pleasant thing for her to be questioned as to bow she obtained this amiaity. Indeed, it is probable that on the plea of undue in- fluence the claim may be proved null and veid. No, Vane. If Mrs. Be:lowan can secure your promise to pay the activity without question on condition that she tells you all about Pillage, you may be oecta.in that she will prefer that warms to siding with Mrs. Treinewan, and facing an notion. Write and telkher that, unless she sees you about Pillage, you will take the matter before a judge. PM bet you anything that she will tlen come over and arrange terms. Vane took a tAinn up a.nd down the room. He was not very pleased by the proposition, mainly because it emanated from Will. Nevertheless, he saw that to adopt this course would be for his own benefit. Will 9flow his hesitation. "If you refuse to do what I ask you," he said, "I shall certainly believe that you know. Pillage to be alive."

" If I did, I should bring him forward," retorted Paul, -violently. " .not so sure of that. For all I know Pii.lage may have killed your uncle, and you may be an tux.esciowy before or after the fact. In either wise you will be, in a difficulty." • Pui beomtue livid, and sat down.. "Yoa hays no ribt to say that !" he declared. "I have not mot eves on Pillage. I don't know where he is." •• :qrs. Bedowert does," persisted WU pressing his advantage. "Write to 4her on the lima I sug- gest." " Very well. But Ido itA of any own ire° will,

Quite so," reptied Hannaford, " ei your own free will. Write." "I will do so as soon as yon are gems." "You wi4,l ão so now, and post the letter."

Vane leaped to his feet and tried to stare Will down. But that young man wee not to be daunted by mob a weakling aa WAIL than a minute Paul's pole ,eyes fell before the steady gaze of Will. Indeed he seamed to be -half hypnotised, for he sat down at the writing table o.nd took nip his pea without further objeotioa. Wil wes too we to make any further remark. Be simply suggested what Vane should say in an indifferent 4-one of voice, end strove thus to do avray with 41, appearance of intimidation. Vane wrangled over every line, but in the end Will'. &toady determination prevailed, and the letter was written as he wished. ru post it," he said, pet- ting the epistle in his pocket, and taking up his hat. "When you receive an answer let me know, Vane." _ _ •

. __.... " I vrocet," replied Plod, stelienly. wiiat I Like." _ ___

'. " 11l de

A.; you-- *ease," answered Will, with a shrug, and walked away leaving Paul biting his fingers. He had been made a puppet, of, and that takes all the self-respect omit of a man. Not that Vane ever possessed roach of that quality. posted the letter, and told his father what he had done. Mr. Hannaford suggested that unless Will were present at the interview between Paul and Mrs. Bedovren that the letter would result in nothing. " I want to see your name deemed, Will," he said, "and if that woman tells Vane anything Likely to save yo(1, Vane will oertainly not tell you. He hates you, and will harm you if he

He hos harmed me already," replied Will, with a half sigh; " however, I have taken my precau- tions, father. I have seat Gant over to Saloombe to watch the cottage of Mrs. Bedowen. If she starts for Dartbridge know beforehand, and interoept her. The interview, if I oan manage it, will take place at The Gray House, and in the presence of Mrs. 'Eremevraal and Dora. In some way or other I am determined to force the truth out, of the housekeeper." Why not make use of your knowledge that she was a tramp." "That is a trump card I'll reserre till the last," said Will.

" It was Grant told you?" Yes. Grant, before he came to the Nelsoo Hotel, was a servant at The Eight Bells—Miss Jinnoy's House, you know. He resnembers Mrs. Beduwen five years (ago coming to that house to beg. She was in a shockirg state, muddy, tom, buagry. and foot-sore. Grant recognised her

whzii she hocanne hou&ekeeper to Tremewan and he paid him money to make him hold his tongue." ' _

Ile biter bit," said the elder Hannaford. "She blackw..a.qed TrenuAram, aincl Gaunt extorted money from Tiler. I have ia good mind to discharge the I want no sorvant of that kind in my

r

I.ter wait uatil we, need hint no longer warned Will ' • "at the present moment 12:3 t!:,-cue-..l"':t Mrs. Bedowen beoause she has la.tely." We must make use of him. -Al " A i..:0!," said Mr. Hanuaford, with an

, of

hue eu.se is sordixl and mean, father. •,) •;:, i!iyse•!i. and to help Dora, I must go reputatiov. is So tarnished now with my Imprisonment. that a little mud more or less matters absolutely nothing." "No c-ne will think the worse of you for the accusation, Will," said Mr. Harmaford, warmly; "for no one believes you guilty." "Inspector Tait does. He is too vain to admit that he is in the wrong,. However, I have to figlht for my 01•91 hand, and ,so long. ai Dora beconns my wife I care very Little what people say."

-`"That is the right spirit," said his father, and the conversation ended for the time tieing. Will's tnisfortune had drawn his father and himself inuoli closer togetheir. They understotxl one another better, and out of (this evil had come forth good. _ .

Will informed Mrs. Tremewan and Dora of the scheme he had laid to trap Mrs. Bedowen, and they both concurred in thinking it an excellent one. The "widow of Tremewan was much per- plexed in her own mind as ‘to how she should act if her first husband proved to be alive. "I did love him dearly," She sale, "but after all these years, and after him putting me in this position I really don't know what to say." "Wait until he proves to be alive or dead, mother," said Dora; " until fwe know that nothing can be done."

" that's so like you, Dom," wailed Mrs. Traracwan; "but you can't understand'any feel- • , ings. ' "Can I not, mother? You forget that if this man proves to be alive, I also amin an unpleasant pTition." ' Well, I'm sure it is not my fault," said Mrs. Trernewan, sharply, and then proceeded argue hotly until her passion ended, as it always did, in a fit of hysteria. Poor Dora had her hands full during tho,9e bitter days, for Mrs. Treanewan was the Most difficult of .patients, 'and was more Akita ever disposed to regard herself as a martyr. Cer- tainly for the first time in her life she had some einim to consider herself so. Her position was undeniably a (hard one. In two days Will received a wire from Grant stating that Mils. Bedowen, accompanied by Captain Max, had taken the coach to Dar bridge. Will wondered why Max should come. He had beard all about him from Dora, and had oonaluded that he was the man who had supplied Mrs. Bedowen with • her information about , Pillage. Max, with his ya.cht and his air of an adventurer, was just the scat of man who might have fallen in with a rotting stone like Pillage, "and he is coming over with Mrs. Bedowen to prove to Vane the existence or non-existence of Pillage," thought Hannaford. "All the better. He may not be such a liar as this woman. Arca4es Ambo." Will quoted Byron. " Blackguards both 1" It was by the morning coach that Mrs. Bedowen and her companion were coming to Docrtbridge, and as the ooaoh passed the door of The Gray House, Will arranged to intercept them there before they could reach Vane. Then he intended to send for Vane, and have lite matter threshed out in the presence of all concerned. This he told to Dora, and she came out with him to watch for the cowing of the coach. Then an unexpected. minas. Max. Transvaal cisoitead at sire

would not, hare Mrs. Bedew-ea Z..i="..l!` 4u." doers. In in Will represented to her how necessary it wae that the conference should take place on-- what alight be teraned—neutral ground. _ Mrs. Trernewaa insisted that the ex-housekeeper should Dot defile her threshold. "I will see her here," said, and looked round be gorse-covered space in &Tat of the house where they we standing, " hut not inekle ;no 1" . .

--"—From this pc'imition there 'yeas no moving heir, so Will was famed to -give way. The three stood watching for the coach on the flagged way that rain towards the High Road. In a short space cif time the coach came flashing along in the bright sunshine. Mrs. Beclower', grandly dressed, and is the company of Captain Max, was seated on the Box. At a sign ii3roin Will the driver drew up. "Mrs. Beckywen," said Will, "1 must ask you to get down here. I wieli to speak to you, and Mr. Vane will join as shortly." Mrs. Bedoiren's face grew purple with rage wad the declined. Drive on, she said to the :mail- man. "Are ladies to be stopped on the highroad im this way? Drive on," and she shot up her um- brella .in a rage. In doing so she knocked off Max's hat. It fell on the road, on the off side of the coach. With a growl he got down to pick it up. Mrs. l'retnewas, who had been staring at him, stole round the back of the °moll. For some time she had paid teas attention to Mrs. Beclowen than to the Mall Wilo was seated by her side. There was .soinething ,about his figure—about the tarn of the head,—tiliat woke vague recollections in her breast. Almost without considering she ran round to get ti nearer view of him. When his bat was knocked off, she gasped, and started. Now, when she saw him close at hand, and with the hat in his hand, she knew him. Captain Max trembled so that he could riot replace lids hat again, but he hurriedly turned away, and tried to climb up the coach- At that moment the driver. worried by Mrs. Bedowen, who was raging wildly, drove on. Max and /Ans. Tremevvan were left face to face. They,' looked at one another, and ha saw that she recognised him. There was no use in further concealment. liemade the best of it. But, in spite of his pretended coolness, he atiii trembled. " Well, Asny,—my dear Amy," said Captain Max, with a smile, standing bare- headed before her.

Trensewan, who up to this time had aut been sere, and whom face wee alternately pale and .red, flung up her Nan& "Water I Walter r she aided, "Ater a 3 tbeee yea=!" and she drop rod uncassoious on the dusq road.

To be Ccratinaed.

Local Ocldfellowship. • The monthly -meeting of the Grand Lodge 'of the Independent Order of Oddfellows (Manchester Unity) was held at the Pelican Hotel, the President, P.G. T. Healing in the chair. .After the usual business had been transacted an interesting lecture was given by Past-Grand Smithson of the "Constitution" lodge entitled "A tour through the High and Lowlands of &otlend." It was illustrated by limelight views, showing scenes of ancient castles and other places of great interest. The Lecturer quoted appropriate verses from the poems of Burns and Scott. There was a fair attendance of brethren, including D.G.M. Halford, P.P.G.M. J. Massey, P.P.G.3f. S. Baldry, P.G. W. Holbrook, P.G. J. Gartland, P.G. 0. Higham, L.G.M. P. Lester. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to P.G. Smithson.

The St. Helens Anti-Co-operative Agitation. The St. Helens people hear very little now-a-days of the "great co-operative fight," but outsiders, with other and, perhaps, personal ends to serve, like to occasionally stir matters up. Locally the position is very well defined. The traders are satisfied that they have reduced the number of members of the Co-opera- tive Society, and the grocers have certainly benefited; but during the weeks on which the Co-operative Society pay quizterly " divi " the drapers and ready- made clothing establishments now miss a lot of customers. The lady co-operators formerly spent their " divi " at the large drapery establishments, but now it all goes to the stores. The " divi " is paid out of the office, and the members then simply go into the various departments and spend it. In this way the stores have had some tremendous weeks, and sales have gone up. On the other hand, a large number of people, who were really connected with the private traders and had identical interests, and who formerly traded at the stores, have seen the error of their way, and in this way the traders benefit. The Trades' Defence Association continues to work quietly and systematically by way of -circulars, &c.

The Resignation of Mr. E. Braide. There was an interesting gathering at the Patten Arms Hotel on Saturday afternoon, when Mr. E. Braide, whose retirement after 29 years service a dis- trict goods manager for the London and North- Western Railway Company was announced in last week's "Examiner," was the recipient of a handsome present from the staff at Warrington. Representatives were present from many neighbouring towns. The presentation consisted of a handsome silver tea and coffee service, with tray, and a pretty .silver rose bowl for Mrs. Braide. The tray bore the following inscrip- tion :—" Presented to Edward Braide, Esq., by the staff of the goods department, Warrington District, London and North-Western Railway, as a token of their esteem on his retirement from active service after having /sad the management of the district from March Ist, 1874, to April 30th, 1903."— Ur. Smith (Leigh and Bedford) presided and eulogistic speeches were delivered bk Mr. W. Woodall (Black- burn). Mr. Beesley (Blackburn), Mr. Fortune and Mr. Driver.--In reply Mr. Braide said he could not say that anyone on the North-Western bad ever had a better staff than he had. (Hear, hear.) Every agent had been up to the mark, and they had credit all over the line for doing their work in a most creditable manner. He thanked them deeply for the able assist- ance they had given him throughout his career. The company had always behaved to him in a !nest gener- ous manner. They had been most considerate to him, and in addition to the amount received as superannua- tion they had given him a nice round sum, retaining his servicps if required. (Loud applause.) Mr. J. T. Williams, who succeeds Mr. Braide as goods manager, also spoke and said he appreciated the honour of being selected as successor to such a gentleman, and if he wanted any advice or assistance he -would get it from Mr. Braide.—Last week Mr. I. T. Williams was presented at Abergavenny with a mag- miff cent dining room chime, gong and bell,cloe with bronzes to match, and a handsome chest of plate, together with a silver lamp, cake dish and other articles of plate ,for Mrs. Williams. The elock bore the inscri }mon :—" Presented to Mr. I. T. Williams, together with a chest of plate, by his colleagues and friends in the South Wales and the West of England distri ct of the Landon and North-Western Railway, as a token of esteem upon his appointment as manager of the Warrington district. Alergavenny, April, 1903."

4* , t 4 )0; 1 .1,.., kl•'. 4 , : 0 fff.. it? 4,• 11,'", ..-.-r. ;:. '

4YI;, 4,.4N A - - .

_ ~...... ~.,....•,,..7...„ . ''''' `...<2.7. -• ---7.-.. -,,F..1-.0/,‘ :Vtl-'• ry!!!&, do ---- ,i, . ' =l.. c(.l --"\-' • . 7---t...„,,-,f,,:,;.,,,Rv, .r. /2 if _..,„-'.;. .-4,,,- /5 )/71; ;// r-

4. , ..,.. i. ...y- , '...:,.. , i it. *v.- ( 411 -, . , 1 .1.) :\ N \\ ------;----:-- ..---- I ... I'

tgo

fAl\ vez.."

i TVIIIIIIIIIIIII4V.-. 0 ~ - ....q,,•,. .'sit.l,- '''-',--v•-,ci:;',4''''' DYSPEPTICS V. .-",.- ---Iwt` 14. •-- ~'Ate.'e. 5 ' nervous, debilitated, weak, languid,half-dead people will * fina fresh life, energy and strength in Mother Seigel's - t Syrup, because it does the or.ly - - 4. '5, thing which can give permanent : relict helps you to digest your food. Food is a strength-maker and health-maker, but it must be .t' digested. !- .4. , ~.,.. • j ~',-A.: ‘..".• rr •..), vl (~.4;.--....,"., 5,.. *"....(1 '''' if9.'Y'• (er.•?, .!".'''', 't-4' 44 \t,l \t':',( ~71,,, 44 t....,, ~ Y. -v.,, •r A '.! !I 1 '-'l:.›,' ••• le, 0,10: ,?"-57:A!'• I-. " For several years, chronic dyspepsia was the curse of my life," says Mr. •• „ Locke, 2, King Street, Hammer- smith. " I had little or no appe- tite, and after awhile was liter- ' ,iii. ~ ally afraid to eat Eight bottles :'•• ...,,, l''' of Seigel's Syrup completely cured me and I have never il'... %, again had an attack of indigestion." ~„ • ''..,:.•-:;'•' ~.„,' WILL CURE ....., '4'46" ~,, ,-, ~..., -..4.... ~..,.., ~..,..,,. -,..., \ _ . ..... ..... .• •

'

q 4, rot:A

===== 0002601_19030508_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A DAINTY GOWN.

glove into as near as possible to the shape it was when first purchased. In regard to foot- wear, never on any account wear the same pair of shoes day after day, as shoes, like their wearers, demand a certain amount of rest. If possible, slip a pair of trees into the ;hoes whenever they are taken off, as this keeps them in shape. If one cannot afford trees (although the price of these is now greatly reducedj, a good substitute is found in a newspaper stuffed tightly into the shoe: It will also help t 72, prnlrtng the existence of one's boots or shoes if time is taken by the Forelock and they are selected a few months before they will be brought into active work, as in this way the .3titches are allowed to set and the rawness to pass off. A dainty gown forms the subject of the iecond illustration. • It is made of pastel-pink cashmere, and has a deep collar of fine spotted muslin finished with lace. An appliqué of white silk gives a finish to the front of the gown and the loose upper sleeves, the under ileeves being of line net .to match the collar, caught in at the wrists by a band of soft 3ilk. This gown would look well lined with :ream-coloured silk, or if that is too expen- 3ive, sateen either contrasting or matching the colour of the cashmere. This gown is at Duce simple and elegant, an: would dc -ually

A CHARMING HAT/

well as a morning or tea gown. It is loose, and yet the outline of the figure is slightly defined at the sides in a becoming manner. If for afternoon wear, its 'dressiness could be emphasised by the addition to the front just where the points of the collar fasten of a bow, and long ends of soft silk or chiffon, while lace treated in the same way would also look- attractive. Every day the average woman seems to more and more realise the cosiness of a gown of this description, which is easily slipped on and off, and always looks and feels comfortable. Of course, one could evolve it into a much more elaborate affait if silk or satin were substituted for cashmere, or fine muslin interspersed with lace inser- tions; but it is not everyone who would find such dainty garments suited to their require- ments and surroundings. Very well suited to the young face of a girl of twelve to fourteen years of age is the charming hat depicted. It is made of fine green straw, with 'light folds of lace softening the curves of the brim. The sole trimming is a large bow of soft white silk ribbon spotted with black. The hat is really quite simple, and its brim can be curved and bent to suit the face of the wearer. There are many ornamental and lovely hats composed ol silk and lace, or lace entirely, which will be well worn later on in the season.

There are very many fanciful straws this season, which are so lacy in design as to form the trimming for many smart samples oi millinery. These are twisted into rosetteE or bows, and look very smart. Some of dm best models depend on their shape alone fin their smartness, as there is little or no trim- ming on them. Picture hats, however, con- tinue to be adorned with Wreaths of flowers and foliage, but it is noticeable that the flowers are all of the graceful, droopinf 'character, such as the fuschla or convolvulus, whose soft tones of colour harmonise with any scheme of dressi CoQuEnio

CI w lo eq, _sala I, '' • a \ •• , . , t%.,- *. -',.,,::-. , q,,) • / f G 10 ; . (N. ' .;_ .7,-W. •.". WilWA,__.-- ~ ...:t.*".,P•s"l'-'1,1,.% / .W:;.,,,,,., ~'• 7•-#4-'`--------- , ' .1 * .0.. •,, >0 ' ti,...t," , .„,,, , , , • / / / / OV . . --7. 9,,! 10. , 1 N.6-4,,1 /eIAN, rffir , :t.' \ ) I

===== 0002601_19030508_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
FERGUS H UME.

Author of " The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," " The Pagan's Cup," " The Crime of the Crystal," "Woman—the Sphinx." etc.. Plc., etc.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XI.

A STAITLING SURPRIM.

WC was them completely • bailed by Mrs. fteszicnres. The women. was so shameless, end as confident of holding her own that there was nothing at which she would stop to remain nos- trees of the situation. That she certainly Wes at the present juncture, and to gratify her ma- licious nature she declined to give any assistance towarde the volution of the mystery. Yet Will had a kind of instinct that the final word lay with her. But how to make her speak it was more than he could say. Dora come to hie assistance. Will related to her all that the housekeeper had said, mad reported her stubborn attitude. Unless some means could be found to force her hand she would maintain her position. Dora suggested that Vane should be used am a means to frighten Airs. Bedowesi into compliance if tlmt were possibt. " Waiter Pillage. is alive, mid Miss Tre- Efe.was, " Paul wiM oestainly get the estate_ Therefore it, will be Paul who will have to pay Mrs. Bodowen her annuity. Now she knows something about Mr. Pillage I am certain for by suoh knowledge she extorted money from my father. Let Paul write to her sod state his claim. lie can that toll her that unless she informs him of the existence and whereabouts of Mr. Pillage he will stop her annuity." "But can he do that wider the will?" said the young man dublousli. "I can't be certain of that. But if Paul refuses to pay her she will have to go into court. I don't think she hes the money to do that, nor the inclination either. At all events, Will, get Paul to use the threat I suggest. It will be for her to make the next move.

- "It is worth trying," replied Will. "1 daresa.y Mrs. Bedowen will come over to see Vane. If she does I wonderi we can get her to see your mother. Something might oome of such an inter- 'new." _

"I can't see what good it. will do, dearest, an my Blather knows nothing about Mn. Bedowen. However, it is worth trying. We must use ada means to get at the truth. _bid the truth I feel sure is wieli Mrs. Bedowen, only she is incapable of telling it. Well, Dora, I'll see Vane at once. This Will accordingly did. Paul was wi pleased to see him, and had rather a sullen "air when his vtor entered; the latter, however, oared very little for Paul's airs arid graces. He greeted him curtly, and came to the point at once.

'I have oome to see you about, this claim you make against the estate of Mrs. Tremewan." "Don't you know all about it!" replied Paul.' ebony. "I told you all I knew in London, and I repeated everything to your father in tile very room. I have nothing more to say." "We'll see about, that, Vane," said Will grimly. "I am not to be trifled vrith, I assure you." Pant could not resist a sneer, although h 5 knew he was playing with fire. "I never thought you were. A man who would go as far as mur- der - _ - • _

" Stop that, Vane! You know lam perfectly innocent." "How do I know that?" lashed out Paul with deopecate oourage. "You came to tell Tremewen what I told you under a promise of secrecy." "There was] no liecrecy about the matter, Vane_ You know that as well as I do. You were intoxi- cated when von let slip your secret, and it was the next morning that you tried to extract a promise of secrecy. I half promised; and then became I had Miss Treanewan to con.sider, I then, to hold my tongue. Is this pat truer "I don't deny it,," replied Vane in a lofty tone. "But I thought I was dealing with a man ad honour." "You know nothing about honour," said Will, coolly; you watched me after you had panted with your secret, knowing that I would use it to protect Miss Tremewan. I know that you fol- lowed me down here." "How do you know that?"

My father' heard that you were here on time night the crime was comsnitted—that you were out of doors at the time. You followed me down here, Vane, and went to The Gray House on that night to watch me. If you did you must !lame mxiti that I left Treonewan alive and well at a quarter to eleven. You could easily see that, *a the window wee open all the time, and from the torn condition of your clothes you were probably concealed in the gorse." Paul looked at the speaker in astonishment at the quick way in which Hannaford had put this and that together. But he was .1110 t going to say if Will's statement was true or false. His only chance of safety lay in denying everything, and this he proceeded to do. "I never was near the house on the night," he said, "I went out for a walk and lost my way." "A very lame excuse, Vane. Why did you come to Darthridge at all?" "Because I knew you were going to tell my uncle, and I was afraid he might take precau- tions--''

"About the will," said Hannaford, cutting hint short. Just so. You followed me here, as I say, and now you seek to deny that you watched the souse, 'although it was for that very reason you. came." _ .

"I did not watch the house," Paul Said, dog- gedly. "I intended to see my uncle the next day, Will waved his hand, quite disgusted with these glib lies. "Say no more, Vane. • I don't believe a word that comes out of your head." "You dare to doubt me !" cried Vane with in- dignation. Certainly," replied Will. "I knew rfoll were a liar after the first half-hour I spent in your com- pany. I should never hove spoken to you again bad ynn not forced yourself on me. But lam glad you did so after *all, as thereby I am able to thwart you." "Ah Yet it was through your meddling in my business that you are now in danger of beiog banged," sneered Vane. "That is my business," retorted Will; "and just you keep a civil tongue in your bead, or I'll knock you down. But I did it °on% here to threaten or to bluer, but to ask you a few questions. About this man Pillage? You say he was alive five years ago." "Yes. But I don't know where he is now."

" That," replied if annaford, very distinctly, "is vi he. You should not have such a tell-tale face, Q 1 y good Vane. However, we'll take it for granted that you are telling the trutil. You dJora't know where thrift' is at the present, stomit?" "No ; I don't. And I won't be bullied." "We can talk of that afterwards." said Will. im- perturbably ; "but as it is necessary to your case that Pillage 911016 d be found I am going to give you a hint." "I want no hints," snapped Paul, restilessly. "Oh, yes, you do, Vane, and what is anore you must sot on my hint."

If I refuse?" seed Vane, trying to be defiant. "If you refuse, I'll tell the poilee to .make en- quiries as ,t,o yourirhereabouts oe the night of the murder."

"You oan if you like." • "That's a very prottoy speech but you don't meau it, my good tosai. I can ;ead yot like a. book. Btst /about this hint whioli I am sure you will take. Write to Mrs. Bedowen, the former housekeeper of.Tremewan. She livets at &Icon:lie, and you must. ask titer to come over here."

" Why should I?" saki Vane, tik.ly. "I know nothing about her."

"I do though. It is aIY belief that she knows if Pillage is alive, and knows, also, lethere be is to he found. As it is necessary for your claim that Pillage should be found, I advise you to ask Mrs. Bedowen to come over. She will then tell you what you wish to know." "Suppose she iefuses?" "She won't refuse if you go the right way about the matter. Under the will which you propose to contest, she has an annuity of two hundred a-year. Write and tell her that you will refuse to pay this to her, unless she produces Map alive and

•• liirdlll% easessais." !mist Vegas. after nitectriacr

===== 0002601_19030508_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I 6'

===== 0002601_19030508_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM £lO 10s. To £25.

HUMBER CHAIN-DRIVEN

===== 0002601_19030508_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR CYCLES

FROM £ 50. Cash or Deferred Payments.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Marvellous TALKING MA

All kinds. Archer & Sons 5 St. Ceorge's Cresce Castle Street Liverp,

===== 0002601_19030508_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19030508_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
BY THE

MAJESTY driving' with PRESIDE ihrough OP famous ARC de Tin

PARIS, Sunday.'

Paris is at last quiet. A thousand pens are 'busy depicting the surpassing beauty of the night's illuminations, the enthusiastic scenes and universal festivity that greeted " Edouard" as he drove like a prince through the fairyland of the boulevards to the gorgeous spectacle awaiting him without and within the opera hduse. Paris is wrapped in repose under the fast paling stars, and surrounded by the lingering glow of myriads of electric stais Still holdirvir forth for tb, delight of those

nig OPtAt. mOusE. IMAM sleepless vestiges of the populace that haunt the boulevards. the Rue Royale, and the neighbourhood of the Place Vendome. Paris, worn out with her two days and nights of rejoicing, dancing, feasting, and general jubi- lation over the advent of a king worthy of her embrace, is sleeping softly in the fragrant dawn. The little milliners of the Rue de la Paix have vanished to their attics to dream of the " Edouard," the good king of their gene- rous customers " l'Anglais " on whose confec- tions they have laboured for many weary days and nights. For were they not per- rnitted a sight of " Edouard" as he drove by in the golden light of a perfect day, or surrounded by the brave " soldats" on their Splendid steeds, guarding him as he swept past under the brilliant arches of electric lights on return from the opera? Vive le Roi ! Vive Edouard ! The mighty roar still echoes from boulevard to rue. From the towers of Notre Dame, where the flags .Woke to the fluttering breeze of a perfect 'clawn, to the glimmering lights still hovering t(Aind the historic Tour St. Jacques. From the silent fields of Vincennes, where the king witnessed the military glory of France, to the green swards of. Longchamps, where the beauty and flower of Parisian society assem- bled to grret him and behold "John Bull" come in first winner the echoes of that mighty ovation still live. From the Rue de • fri% 4et

pek.,i,ka.,, lIIPIII't ' • i Irlf::..: '. 414.‘ ......4 ' • at. . •it .10.4, '.-L-'---L-;,r..,:;-?".;S:in."-11•1' .1.,...! 4:14 I, .e, '4_4. (..,,,, , atii ..._ ' ~., \ ••• ••• ...,,:.. Iter—Thi. .......,—;,•:,\''' , 1 • • lON •Ist ' ' % 0.,. icitivi ~,,', . •':6,,,, r "lit,,.', 1 tin ~11, ,0 V. ,'11111" _

1,14,ce de Iz RePtiallque 0,7, of P,rist.l 1ng,31 famous lfro,s,gbfroreS• Rivoli to the Faubourg St. Honore those 'echoes awoke the drooping flaps until they tustle sluggishly in the morning breeze. Paris has outdone herself. Paris is weary of the Pleasure of her own enjoyment over the re- ception of " Edouard " and all that reception implies. She would rest a few bnef hours ere taking up the gay round that will last even after King " Edouard " has sailed away on Ills beautiful yacht, for Paris will have reason to rejoice anew over the bond of friendship that will unite her more closely than ever to -ligland and England's king. Never has London equalled the splendour Of this magnificent reception of Paris to her favourite "Le Prince" of the old days, whom She affectionately welcomes now as le Roi Edouard." The Coronation and Queen's Jubilees rolled into one would not surpass the glory of this long day of festivity in honour of the King, for verily it has been one continuous clay of rejoicing—since the night has been vanquished by the brilliancy of a million Miniature suns of electricity flashing from the tower Eiffel to the tour St. Jacques, and em- bracing in its dazzling chain the whole of this great city of pleasure from the river Seine to the heights of Montmartre this festival of light, colour and decoration is carried out on the poetic lines of some tourney of the days 01 "cloth of gold." It is as harmonious as a Poet's dream. There is nothing garish to mar

ii,ll[l,. -1111101401 iii• Piece /a Concorde.' the majestic simplicity of festooned flags and crimson velvet draperies. Flowers fresh, dewy and brilliant put to shame remembered dec,s- ?ations of sham flowers of gaudy paper adorn- Our London streets on gala days when the Rang drove in state to the city. •Here, the Masts adorning the Faubourg St. Honore are crowned with living banks of roses, chrysan- themums, lilies and green blooms of leaf and shrub. Nothing more delicate or poetical could be imagined than these fragrant tributes tO the King as he drives to and from the british Embassy. Paris has donned her smartest gala -dress, and her women are Pictures of grace and elegance. Rivers of lace, oceans of chiffon, and mountains of silks and Passementerie have been consumed by those rnagiciennes of the "rue de la paix " in con- cocting confections wherewith to deck the fair, and the frail for social functions, the offici4 receptions, banquets, opera, and the races The entree of King Edward was a signal witt the goddess of May that she was weary. of the Pranks of fickle April, and would have none ot 'l,,er tricks in the way of April showers on May- 'ay as a farewell souvenir, as the weather sceased to vent its ill-humour in showers, the sulil came out in mild but ever growing P.endour, and the evening was bright with a Eniden sunset. From the drawing-room win- rwe of the Palace Hotel in the Champ Elysees rays_i_uPerb view of the entrance of the King's gre'"cacie was obtained. Seen under the .13 en arches of the trees, his majesty looked I,,Perba His scarlet uniform a regal touch

THE KING'S VISIT TO PARIS.

NTESS ANNA DE BREMONT.

'OIIPHE de I'ETOILL

-

~..,'. • :

*rfm,2,

of colour amid the somewhat sombre uniforms of. his escort and the black coat of the Presi- dent seated at his side. A prolonged roar of hearty cheers attended the passage of the royal carriage. It was echoed right loyally in the drawing-room—" God save the Ring ! " " Vive Edouard !" sprang forth in various accents; American and French vied in enthu- siasm with the English present, who, their wont, gravely accepted the complimen to their King. It would take a faciL.-; pen to give a word-picture of the scene 133iteath the windows when the crowd broke into the ranks of gendarmes bordering the street. They swept everything before them in the race to round the corner of the Faubourg St. Honor e and the Champs Ely:,6es and .get good places from which to view the King's entranc, to the British Embassy. The Enalsy is a noble building approached by a lofty flight of steps and surrounded by a spacious cour. sheltered from ' the public view by hi‘,.2,-n massive walls. A fine g..•,teway, surmounte,l by the royal coat of arms, gives access to the

- • _ • -: • ‘,..:

•--- 14.5 • . I • 0

,

as i

• -,;, • il:iLq ~ L.,.,,. ~..;j. ~•,:..,.,,,.-:,-.; r ..-lir--.,72, . ,-...,--,',l_ - . ---; , l'. ..; ..,;- f.i ' ' ''' . ':' --.---' '.4;i4ii, ,if.'-'t‘ ---i -17 • .-. iti P y.), ..,...,__,.,..,.. t yf;S+.. ---) ce.4747-'—'7:-4.:: .., 4-- • - js:iilk 1 ) ?..44-ite-,T,- : • 7_,../.F..•-:: ~ -,-----.., iftlic=-J -Ll7z fi, rllf 4or g , - ow .tetproasi Aeon AT nit isarnso v4sAssat.

courtyard. To the left of the Embassy, some hundred feet distant, begins the grounds of the presidential residence, the Elysees Palace. The massive wall enclosing the palace bears at suitable intervals trophies of the Tricolour with shields bearing the Republican cipher— R. F.—and various mottos adopted by the Republic. The King's visit to the Elysees Palace to make official greeting to the Presi- dent, and the unofficial visit to the Theatre Francaise in the evening prepared Paris for the festivities which culminated last night. The morning of Saturday broke with a joyous promise of fine weather: a promise fully redeemed by weather of the most magni- ficent description, the one thing needful to fill the Parisiennes' cup of pleasure to the brim. The whole town was astir early—all up with the market waggons and streaming to the various points of egress to the road Vincennes. The Metro, the trains, the omnibusses, all were crowded to the utmost in the eagerness of the crowd to reach the grounds of Vincennes in good time for the review. The tooting of automobile horns made the air resound from six o'clock onward. It seemed impossible that the crowd would find standing room, but they did. Vincennes is a series of vast fields sur-

rounded by a fringe of trees and many miles in circumference. Frantic cheers greeted the King as he descended .from the carriage and took his place with President Loubet in the front of the royal stand. A group of officers, ambassadors and French officials surrounded His Majesty. It was truly an imposing scene, the vast field giving ample room for the manoeuvres oi the troops. The sun shone in full regal splendour on the gay course at Longchamps when the King and President arrived to view the races. His Majesty had donned the conventional frock coat, and wore his favourite flower in the button-hole. The fatigue of the morning review and his reception at the Hotel de Ville, with its famous toasts, had passed away under the genial influence of the cic'jettner at the Em- bassy, where his Majesty entertained a host of old friends and officials, and I have never seen him looking better than when he appeared in the royal box. Madame Loubet, attended by her daughters, occupied the place of honour pour les dames. The King was visibly moved by the warmth of his reception, and applauded

aeartily when Chrysothemis, a scion of his majesty's Derby winner Persimmon, won the first race. A view of the illuminations and the King's progress to the opera closed a memor- able and glorious day. To the left in a sky of purple luminous space the young moon hung her silver crescent over the dark mys- terious outline of the Madeleine. Far below a sparkling mast arose like an irridescent vapout trom the illuminations of the Rue Royale.

CO U - - • . il us • nom. i emus sasousisulsnird. . ;:- .0,,e, .........„ 111 ..... Ltlf•Nlyili=::::::=::::::::===:=6*“.."6 _ t. 4 111111111111111111111111111111111111MIIMIN 1 iI i 1 1111 , • • _______=- ..= _., ---5..------ - . ~,'" ' le, . • ^ mininuItiiiiiiIIIIMIIIIIIIMMIWIINIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIII A udemaitutiniunsausalcupplasuninneutwimp, , \ , ';('' t/iiik OF iiiiiiiinaininaiiiiiinsuumususiolmsinitusiassuasuili. .... , • -:' ' „ 1 ,111miIMNI r_..„,....,...„_.,,,..,.....r ~, _._.. ~.......„ vf. . iz_. , ll Dish,,,,l, p,---o,i.ii.i.iiii‘it, illiiiii! :., ...„ ____.,„ , ~,,trg.2., • 1,, 1.16.3.11. j j ........: ;;' :': ::.111 -'II ' ; .1, 4 ri4,---Vs‘ / ,I .119111111111111111 ...; 4'''.',:' ..:-..:,.:. •, iingimiligi '',, Irs il lIIIIIIIIIIWIII •4+,-;",',.. taunitauui. i, el a 20 ii:!!!!! ......111funnu" ...... "F.', 6 e ~u,,,D,..0v• . : ,., , pill; ..---?.. ~. —11..,,,, 7:,.. ~.,_ p 41,..V's eNr" '-, •,-, , . ~,-• - 4 'c ,•*- - / fiirdilV;7 .! t. 11,1 ' ' '' • -Y-.,_/,'' .4V4 • lilt Li_Jio I ,11, ;.4miiiirAt4/3--- 7 1 .7 ,-,-- -0 %.e:-"" , . ..... -iiiiiiiiiiiiriii ji,. t • .! 2 - ',.,004`,;•/". .. ;S• - AJ,--r. frA , 111111111inent ' , l's i. c i ...aor---,_z-s.' ::;-: - frg •cr),4*...,). 11, : ..t: ' .;11664 4 A !NI II Z4li. r-.4:t3'''--L.... _...........- ii .: (i 1.,- 1"' • , ni i '.', jj.---! /, . it '',f,.. fiis.o,... :••••-: 1. 1-• '_ *I, ...,-.-.$ . \-,,- -,-,,;pLairti: ' .-..-N„, .. , ~;- . 1 : ''' .--4.' -A. '' ik.). in i - - N- '-- (14.15r4t,----,„, • I ~......: , • ~ -4041.14 ft," e, fita,. pmtr 0 , Or, NT LOUSET

_le .5 ...1.,_ 4.1 _...,•,,,,,,,--- •,..,_ Y _ --------- - -tfigik.---.----__.- ----.._v • , --„,-.: _a2GE;Jor•-...0,,, . _ _ _4 _ ...,.. ..•...„4_, _,..___,..„,,,...,,,, o=llllllll='__ .., et, , ....' • ft, ••••• •-•"" • di d t , I, ii'll,.. --, -...- ' .."-., ,-,c • . ;3. I. .::, .., -, ,i4'. . 7-fr taj i isii.;:,:, RA: '2. -,_. ),.=., ,-._,.k-, _ _ / ~,..... Ili h. i I . • t i -1 - ~.V6-14 .9 S--.! i rillk 0. 1• . .. ••B i l ----- .—--- 1 --I.4't ~......._....,-.4, - -I ,- ... , 40, , illit;_ —41.4 s 5

'79;k: • Vt. Pg•lTz i!r pot

, - 1. * Xfri A N p It, ' v. .... -•-.... ,-, .1 •flf•i-Vsl f'—±

-,. . ~ ; 51 ki

11.• _ • . t.h:t utor 1 I .11 • lIrI !,111144-ititlitll44l • I 11,11 f = 't I •

1!.7-. . 1., xi4J ; : AV,*

r ; 11.S:1iI , • !:i; • , y

rJL I At, ,A.-43,17 (-4 I , :rt* ;ft; ch/Li JI • •••••nrizersierw&Mx, IPlirr?" .°•• „, , L -- MP .1.. • I .-6/EaMran—

Notre Oarne on the Bank of Seige

4•'" as, '''' '. miadempt

, .:.=:-.. i --11 -- - , - . • , Ein a r ; - 4_,L.A I _ ....-:-:-:.--....:.. .. si• :ii- 'i 1 111 ----1 1-, 11 • - ..„ • 7.1 I''. -I .... -; .3,... . , lirLfie.' ~/ I ,-- a . - -4111.-.41-2 • .1 on i - - spi 101'..„ . 1 il l'o • • • ~ . ------ ~ ' ,i..,• . - ,•. -v-- ' ---7 ir-IVfrivi „ 11111 - •!.• r...„1..i.r.----i---., deduliiCe • • 4,t. : ~......:. ... `'Al ... ..:-...i. .fr

===== 0002601_19030508_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
A POPULAR COMEDIENNE. Discusses Stage Perils.

Mks Macho Harcourt the popular music-hall favourite, hss been talking. to a London paper about Stage Perils. Staxs "of the theatrical world are envied for their big salaries : but (says Miss Harcourt) " people little know the struggles which their favourite artistes have to go through." One danger Ivhich Miss Harcourt knows how to avert was described by her in a chat in her charming „house ats, St. Mary's Street_,_ Kennington Road, Londor

this anecdote, a I contracted, while attending a Carden Party,* chill which led •to rhetimatic fever. But for Dr. IVilliatuss pink pills for pale people that Garden Party would have cost me dear ! I was laid up for a fortnight, and when I recommenced my Professional Engagements I felt all to pieces.' My nerves were completely shattered. I suffered with -terrible head- achesand sickness, and it was often a fearful ordeal for me to go through my turn.' All food seemed nause- ous, and my appmite became so poor that my weight was reduced in two months two stone and a half. I used to lie in bed half the day,' •und then crawl out to the theatre to do my turn.' I seemed to have lost all my energy, twid my complexion went ae yellow•as saffron. T actually paid a boy to see me safelvto the stage door, T felt so ill. I consulted doctors in several towns, but it was not until after •I had tried Dr. Williams* pink pills that I got any relief at all. The first box I took did me a lot of good, and T. improyed with every„dose I took, until now, after taking three boxes, I can safely say lam thoroughly cured. I feel as tit as a fiddle,' and can eat like a Trojan. It is a 'mystery to me how all the horrible headaches, biliousness, languor, and giddinness have been so quickly and • completely ban- ished ; but I am glfid enough ty know that they have gone from me

" Last Autumn," said she, in ort),i,vl-01114,, Aet ) cr:v s . • =--7.1-7:-.,:k3;`• ,) N.; • _ • • , • 'LP

===== 0002601_19030508_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
El H TRA KS rotor ATIOK

Such was the experience of this charming comedienne, whose public reputation lends weight as 'wall as interest to her words. She says that her Trimsformatibn is due to the pills. Re-ders will observe that it was the genutne Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people that cured her—not a substitute, dad the public will do well to note that substitutes never seem to have cured anyone. Ammia, biliousness, consumption, decline, eczema, fits, gout, heart disease, indigestion, kidney disorders, liver complaint, paralysis, and St. Vitps' dance are among the diseases they have cured. Ladies will read with particular interest the strong recommen- dation of Miss Blanche Harcourt, whose restoration to her dramatic triumphs she attributes to the means named in the interview above ;..quoted from the South London Press.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ _ .

- •

' A

===== 0002601_19030508_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, May 8, 1903.

MR. 111111DELEY'S SALARY. riffICKBTRR i ! Busstree Demon Driver Bats are tii COUNCILLOR D9DDS CARRIES HIS X..) grandest made. HUSSEY'S New Match Balls retain their shape, and last longer than any others. BUSSEY'S Leg RESOLUTION. Guards are exceptionally good. BUSSEY'S Batting Gloves ftre far superior to the usual class. HUSSEY'S Bags are made - t..) wear. HUSSEY'S Diary ant Companion is a Gem for 6d. Alderman Monks Thinks it " a Kick in Apply tor HUSSEY'S Catalogue from Local Sports Outfitters ; 36 and 38 Queen Victoria street. London. Factories I Peck . ham, London ; and Klnd w • 111 d., (4) the Back."

ZRICKET.

BAITING GLOVES. 3/6, 4/6, 5/6, 6/6, .. 7/6, 8/6 -r---.- WICKET-KEEPING ... I GLOVES. .. . 3/6, 4/6, 5/6, 6/6, 8/6, 10/6

LEG GUARDS. Ordinary Shape 3/6, 4/6, 5/6, 6/I 8/6 per pair

Semi-Skeleton, 5/3, 6/9, 7/6, 8/9, 10/6 per pair Skeleton, 8/6 per pair. CRICKET BOOTS. Brown Leather, 6/6, 7/6, 10/6 White Buck, 8/9, 10/6, 15/6 BUCKET BAGS, 4/6, i3/6, 7/6, 10/6, 12/6.

BALLS. eChallenge Suggcess • Klynker • Witch - -

- 2/6 - 3/6 - 4/6 5/8

~,r,A ° 'ALOGU / pr IVERPOOL -"to ST • CA FREE '-1

LATCHFORD V. EDGE GREEN.—This match WAS plved at Edge Green OD Saturday, and resulted in a draw, the visitors holding a distinct advantage. Score: —Latchford, 77 for 7 wickets; Edge Green, 42 for 9 wickets. LATCHFORD

J. Hunt c Prescott bHill 27 A. Albinson b Bnrton 1 'P. Albinson b Burton ... 1 D. Jones b Bckersles J. Lester b Hill

EDGE GREEN. A. Cawsey b Cliffe 2O S. Barton b Cliffe J. Hill c Lester bCliffe 3 5 E. Hill b A. Albinson 14 E. Prescott c Heald b 8 Cliffe • 0 H. Eckersley c Conway b Jones P. Barton b Albinson H. Prescott b Cliffe W.Hill bT. Albinson 0 T. Douglas not out 5 W. Prescott not out 0 Extras 0

A. Fletchei b Hill

J. Bibby c Prescott b

Hill - 5 J. B. Wilkinson not out 4 E. Cliffs not out 3

Total

77

Total

.. 42

LATCHFORD BAPTIST 2ND ELEVITS V. WIDNES ST. PA.oL's.—On the ground of the forther on Saturday. Score : WIDNES ST. PACF.PS. LATCHFORD BAPTIST 2ND. Ellis st Turner b Stowel 2 Turner c Ellis b Hain- Halliwell b Ford 1 well Rev. Johnson b Stowel... 5 Werrell b Harrison Harrison c Callon b Ford I Callan b Harrison 2 Hunt c Jones b Ford 0 Stowe] b Ellis Tickle b Ford • 0 Bibby lbw Dickson b Stowel 0 Ford c Ellis b Halli- Cooke b Stowel 3 well Athertn c Bibby )) Ford 2 Bennett b Ellis Yates b Grice 0 Once b Harrison .. Munsley not out Gorton b Halliwell Ackerly b Halliwell 3 Extras ... Total

Extras ...

Tothl

. 6 . 0 . 3 . V . 0 . 1 . 4

HIGH LEGH V LYMNI.-At High Legh on Saturday. Scores :—High Legh : C. IV. &midge 1, R. H. Gorton 9, H. Hulme (not out) 19, H. Simpson 9, Hon. J. E. Cross 2, E. Southern 0,0. Davies 2, T. Renshaw 2, C. Marchant 2, W. Kirkpatrick 7, %V. H. Tunstall 0, extras 2, total 55. Lymm: A. Ferris 3, W. A. Pollitt 15, H. Thorpe O,J. Gibbon 0, J. Ferris 2, A. Pollitt 3, W. H. IVrigg 3. R. E. Wilke 4. H. Saville 2, B. Lowe (not out) 1, B. Bates 2, total 35:

, r SNUTHPORT'S GAS PR.OFITS.—It is anticipated that the Southport gas statement will show a profit of £lO,OOO for the past year's working. Of this .28,000 I will be devoted to the reduction of the rates £l,BOO • will go to wiping off the deficit on the estate, and there will be a balance in hand. The profit is equal to nine per cent. on tee returns of the estate.

The Warrington Town Gmncil at its meating on Tuesday further distussed the motion which was intro- duced at the last Council meeting byCouncillor Dodds. The motion read as follows :--` That inasmuoh as the duties in connection with the Technical Institute for which Mr. Charles Madeley has been receiving an addi- tional £5O per year have been transferred to the new Director of Education, the salary of Mr. Madeley 'be forthwith 'reduced from £250 per 'annum, plus house, Sc., to £2OO per annum„ plus house, &c." - Alderman MONKS who had the right to speak first, said he did not wish to do so for the moment.

The M.avoit : Of course those who have already spoken will not have the right to speak again. Councillor BARTON said a great deal of time had been spent in speaking upon Mr. Madeley's qualifications, but ha thought as a matter of principle the money shouldbe reduced. Id the present state of trade they should try as far as possibleto meet thewishes of the townspeople. They should be as ()Ireful in spending public money as in spending their own. (Hear. hPar.) Councillor TINN EON thought there was need for further explanntion. He understood the Town Clerk to say that Mr. Madeley was drawing his salary by resolution of that Council, and therefore he failed to understand how they could be paying Mr. Madeley £5O more than he was entitled to. It was not a question whether Mr. Madeley was worth £'.250 but a question whether the thing had been done in a proper, straightforward, and legal manner. if the thing had not been done legally then the best way would be to accept the resolution proposed by Mr. Dodds, and afterwards proceed to give Mr. Madeley ah increase of 5.:50 perannum. Mr. Madeley was not only librarian but also curator of the Museum, and had something to do with the School of Art. Some of the speeches made in that Council might be taken as reflecting upon the services rendered by Mr. Madeley, and an endeavour had been made to show that he was receiving more than was paid in other towns. That was simply because in most other towns the services given were those of librarian only. He would like to knew whether the committee had any information as to what salwies were paid in other towns for similar duties to those discharged by Mr. Madeley. He did not think the movers of the motion objected to giving Mr. Madeley a fair remuneration,and he thought they were ready to do so.

Councillor DODDS : I did not give an opinion either way.

_ Councillor Ms-NEON: I should like to know whether the Councilhas sanctioned this £250?

The TOWN CLERK', reefying to Councillor Tinnion, said in December last the Museum Committee expressed their appreciation of Mr. Madeley's work, and strongly recommended that his .salary should not be diminished in consequence of the proposed change in his duties. , That recommendation was approved by the Council. ' Councillor TINNION :Ts that binding upon the Council? The TOWN CLERK: Undoubtedly, sir. Councillor JA.MES•II_IVANS slid he took it that Coun- cillor Dodds' motion was in order. He thought it would be a very proper thing now to give notice that the motion should be rescinded, as their Town Clerk now ruled that they were bound by the previous resolution. Councillor Dorms: I assume that lam in order. Who gays that I am not? _ _ _

_ The NIAYOR: lam advised th.it special notice is required. Councillor DODDS : I gave special notice. Counoillor JAMES EVANS said it was rather curious that when they came to certain difficulties they were found to be out of order. When they discussed the • question at the last Council meeting no exception was taken then on the ground that they were out of order, . but now that they were proceeding with it,it wt's inti - ; mated that it was necessary that they should give I special notice of motion rescinding the former resolu- tion.

The AAvoa suggested that if the Council was willing they might go on with the matter that night. Councillor DODDS : I hold that is the only thing the Council can do. CouncillorThsrox said he had a distinct recollection of the ruling of the Town Clerk, and he had thought it desirable that he should explain fairly to the open Council, and had brought it forward entirely upon his own initiative.

The MA YOR ; Do you mean there ought to be another notice?

Councillor TENsioN : No, I don't. I think there ought to be a personal explanation by the Town Clerk. That is why I raised the question. There had been no collusion as might be suggested by the remarks of Councillor Evans, and he denied and repudiated any such suggestion. They were open to all kinds of base inshuntions and it was about time some- one put his foot down. Councillor EVAN'S: I hope, Mr. Mayor, that you will allow me to say just one word. Alderman SUTTON (who rose at the same time) said he objected to any member speaking twice. The MA volt stated that Alderman Sutton was in order. Councillor Evans was out of order. -

Conncillor EVA.NS: I am not particular whether Alder- man Sutton'objects or does not object. I maintain that Councillor Tinnion has misrepresented everything Ilsaid upon the point. The MASOR. I. can only allow you to speak as a matter of personal explanation. Alderman SurroN: I think Councillor Evans has spoken so many times that he is out of order. Councillor Evass : Not so many times as Alderman Sutton. (Laughter). • Alderman SUTTON said some members•took up half an hour in saying what could easily be said in live minutes. (Laughter). He thought the proper course would be to give notice rescinding the former resolution before they further discussed the question. Alderman Momcs said the 9uestion raised two im- portant points and divided itself into two distinct issues. As far as he could see those who occasioned the discussion wished to set something right that was wrong. The movers of the motion before them claimed. that the recommendation that had been brought for- ward, and which everyone had had the opportunity of commenting upon, and which had received the unanim- ous approval of the Council, was not in order, and that that course of procedure was wrong, and that +$ because that motion was approved of, the Finance Committee and the Museum Committee were cut of order in con- tinuing to pay Mr. Madeley the salary he had hitherto been receiving. If their object was to set something right which was wrong,the proper way was to rescind the resolution referred to which they claimed was out of order. They.had not done anything of the sort. He could only conclude that they were anxious 'to give Mr. Madeley a kick in the back in an indirect sort of way without it being too apparent on the surface. If the supporters of the resolution were anxious to set things right and not to give Mr. Madeley a reduction, he (Alderman Monks) was prepared to accept the reso- lution on the understanding that Mr. Madeley's salary was not interfered with. If that was not agreed to, the resolution was an attempt to reduce a man's salary and therefore he would have to go into the further question of the reasons which induced the Museum Committee to take the course they did.He did notknow whether Mr. Dodds had anything to say on thia point. If he had it might shorten the discussion. Councillor DODDS said he had been unable to hear all that Alderman Monks had said. He understood that a pistol was being WO to his head. Alderman MONKS said he had no notion of holding a pistol .to Councillor Dodds' head. That was not a proper light in which to discuss the matter. If the object was to set something right and not to do a seri- ous injustice to a public' servant he was prepared to accept Councillor Dodds' motion on condition that Mr. Madeley's salary would not be interfered with, because the committee felt that Mr. Madeley was worthy of the salary and fully entitled to the RUM.

Councillor DOD6S said he ITvas-4-uft,;--p-repared to stand by the resolution. If members of the Council wanted to increase Mr. Madeley's salary in a proper and straightforward way they could do so. He was not going to undertake to bring it forward. Alderman Moncs : I did'nt ask you.

Councillor DODDS: You asked me to give an under- taking that another resolution would be brought for- ward. I will do nothing of the kind. Alderman MONIM said this was an attempt to reduce Mr. Madeley's salary in away which was very unfair. He would confine himself exclusively to the reasons that induced the Musettm Committee to make the recommendation. • Councillor Dom's: The Technical Sub-Committee.

Alderman MONKS pointed out that the Museum Com- mittee had approved the recommendation of the sub- committee, and had submitted the suggestion. to the Council as a recommendation, and the Council had approved. Therefore Councillor Dodds was wrong in saying it was the recommendation of the sub-committee,

.• Councillor DODDS : I was present at the meeting of the Musetun Committee, and the matter was not discussed in any way whatever.

• •, .•••"1,1-, • Va• Alderman Atoxics said the Museum Committee were so satisfied that they did not feel it was worth while discussing the matter. They felt that Mr. Madeley had justly earned this £5O per annum. In 1900 Mr. Made- ley asked for an advance of salary, and a special sub- committee was appointed to consider the matter. They also considered the question of other salaries, and made collectionvof various facts and figures as to what was paid in other towns. The sub-committee came to the conclusion that Mr. Madeley was fairly entitled to an

advance, but that in the event of possible changes upon the completion of the Technical School it might be necessary to reorganize the whole staff, and in view of those changes the Committee did not recommend an advance then and there, but thought that it was better to wait to see what reconstruction might be necessary. At the end of that time they had gone again into the matter, and they had decided that it was a proper thing to divide the appointments, and to appoint a director of education. As they knew, that had been done. The sub-committee felt, and the Museum Committee also felt, that the lengthy services that Mr. Madeley had rendered to the town, not only as librarian—and this was a point that inanypeople forgot or overlooked— but also as curator of the Museum and Art Gallery, deserved acknowledgment. As far as he knew there was no other town where one individual held these several offices. In many towns the librarian would also look after the art gallery. and many had curators for their museum only. Aha of salaries was given in "The Warrington Times" last week with the object of show- ing that Mr. Madeley was overpaid. Those figures' did not show that the figures were for duties as librarian only, an there was no fair comparison. It was neither fair to the Committee nor to Mr. Madeley. At Wigan, a town of 60,000 inhabitants, the librarian looked after the library only and was paid ,e3OO a year. Bury was a town of 58,000 inhabitants where the librarian was appointed in 1901 and paid £193. St. Helens, a town on somewhat similar lines to Warrington, paid £2OO to the librarian only. Ashton-underLyne, a similar place, with a small art gallery, paid .2200 a year. Proceeding he pointed out that a letter which the chairman of the Museum Committee had sent to every member stated that Mr. Madeley was first appointed in 1874 at a salary of £l4O and that there had been no increase since 1895. They had, taken that into account, and had gone also into the nature of the work because it was work of a special character that required special training, and Mr. Madeley had special 'qualifications which very few librarians had for doing this particular kind of work. It was very rare indeed that they found an individual who had an aptitude for combining the work of librarian with that of curator of a museum such as they had in Warrington. Mr. Madeley had acted as lo gid secretary for conducting the various examinations, otifTf which he had received certain fees. Last year he made £lB out of these, and that was of course lost to him owing to the fact that a new Director of Education had been appointed. In future this sum would be credited to the Education Committee and not to the Director of Education, so that that motion meant a total reduction to Mr. Madeley of £lB per year. The committee had no ulterior motive in making the recommendation in the form in which it appeared, and they had dor% nothing that was illegal or out of order and nothing that was contrary to the rules and regulations of the Council,and full opportunity had been given to every member to have his say. It was rather late in the day to object now that the Council had paid the salary. Mr. Madeley was a hard-working, earnest, conscientious, painstaking ser- vant of the Corporation,and was fullyand fairly entitled to his salary. The matter might seem to have been done in a nou'ative sort of way, but the committee had long felt that there was something due to him, and had only postponed the question of salary for the reasons that he •had stated. He hoped the Council would be satisfied with the explanation he had given. The MANOR said he understood that it had been sug- gested that this was a question of principle, apart from Mr. Madeley's deserts. Alderman Surrox said his suggestion was that they should pass the resolution and make the salary £2OO a year, and bring forward a resolution afterwards as to the advance.

Oonncillor DODDS: That is my main point. Alderman SUTTON: I suggest that to Alderman Monks.

Alderman MONKS: The difficulty is that the time for advancing salaries has gone by. Unless we suspend the Standing Orders it would not be possible to bring forward a resolution.

The TowN CLEttic You have power to suspend the Standing Orders.

Alderinan MONKS: That would get over the difficulty.

Alderman Surros : Yes, it would put us. out of a difficulty, and be the pleasantest course to adopt. Councillor DODDS' in replying on the discussion, said he was rather hurt by a remark made by Councillor Bennett at the last meeting of the Council, when he characterized the rilsolution as a very shabby one, and that he was very sorry to see Mr. Dodds' name attached to it. He had no objection to Councillor Bennett or any other member of the Council attacking him in regard to shabbiness or want of generosity in his private capacity, but in relation to public matters he could neither be shabby nor generous; he must be careful of the public money. If he might give a little advice to Councillor Bennett it would be that he should think a little more and talk a little less glibly, let his thoughts come before his words rather than his words before his thoughts. (Laughter.) He reminded him very lunch of the story John Bright used to tell of an occurrence in the House of Commons. Mr. Cobden,Mr.Villiers and Mr. Bright were sitting together and there was a gentleman on the Conservative benches who was very fluent and fond of gesticulating and alluding to him. One of the three,Mr. Cobden, said to Villiers and Bright "He makes a very good speech if you don't listen to what he says.' (Laughter.) He (Councillor Dodds) had brought the matter of Mr. Madeley's salary forward because a great many of the ratepayers outside had put it to him that the £5O advance in salary had not received the sanction of the Council, and nearly one-half of the members had admitted to him that they were not satisfied that it had been done in a regular and proper manner.He was not going to commit' himself one way or another as to the merits of Mr. Madeley. Fifteen months ago Mr. Madeley had an assistant curator appointed to help him at a salary of £BO or £9O per year. He thought his resolution was justified. He had been told by threemembers of the Museum Committee that they objected to the way the £5O had been given, and that Mr. Madeley himself was dissatisfied. Let the Council put it right. If Mr. Madeley was worth the extra salary then let it be voted in the proper way.

Aldeiman Mos said he wanted to put Mr. Dodds right. Mr. Dodds had said that an assistant mArator was appointed to assist Mr. Madeley in the work of the Museum. That appointment was merely to fills vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr. Lowe who had been appointed to fill a vacanc3 at Portsmouth where he was getting £250 a year. The voting was as follows: For the motion : Against : Alderman Smethurst Alderman Pairclough Councillor Wilkinson ~ Hutchinson

„ Hulse „ James Evans „ Barton „ Brophy ~ John Roberts „ Dodds „ ; Pemberton „• Lord „ Craik „ Rogers-12. The Nt. : Tho motion is carried.

-„ Monks Councillor Tinnion „ Bennett Ellison „ W. Roberts--7

Angling. By the confirmation of the scheme for re-organiza- tion of the Warrington Anglers' Association, anglers can now by the payment of Os. per annum, fish the following waters, viz. : the Old River at Newbridge, the Old River at Lynun, • Acker's Pits at Latchford. Runcorn and Latchford Canal at Walton, the lower length of the river &Mu. at Heatley, and the whole of the Bridgewater Canal, the latter by arrangement with the Worseley Canal Fishery Board. Such mem- bers can also participate in all the contests of the Society, and also take part in the competition for specimen prizes. For the sum of Bs. 6d. per annum, anglers can fish in all the above waters held by the Association, and in addition the upper length of the river Bollin at Heatley and Dunham' Massey, and in any new water that may be acquired. To take part in all the contests and to "' weigh in" for specimen prizes is ale° included in the privileges. All members desirous of entering the higher class, are requested to notify the general secretary at their earliest convenience and to forward their membership card to be endorse:!. A scheme, having for its objeet the federation of all local angling clubs,is to be drafted by the secretaries of the Association and the chairman, secretary and treasurer of each local angling .club is to be summoned to a special meeting to be held at an early date to discuss-the matter and if possible to arrive at a conclusion whereby such an object can be accomplished. The General Wolfe A.S. .have fixed July 2rith and August 29th as the dates for their matches. The opening match of the Mersey A.S. will be fished on June 21st. A trout of 11b. 1 loz. was re- corded from the Bollin by Mr. Webstet before the heavy rains came last week.

Samuel Herbert Dougal appeared before thd Saffron Walden magistratas, on Wednesday, charged with the murder of Miss Holland, of the Moat Farm. The prin- cipal evidence was given by Dr.gepper, the Home Office expert, who said that the bullet wound in the head could not have been self-inflicted. The bullet found in the skull was similar to those found at the Moat Farm. Accused was again remanded.

REM A ltie ABLE POST OFFICE FACTS.—SOIIIB remark- able Post Olfice figures were given at the annual dinner of the Newspaper Society, held on Wednesday night, by Mr. Austen Chamberlain, M.P. He said ten letters daily went to the deitd letter. office through having no address; a thousand registered letters were returned to the returned letter office yearly, containing £600,000 or £700,000 in money. besides valuables; and in the course of a year 25,000,000 postal packets could not be de- livered through incorrectness or insufficiency of address.

15 Buns for id. You can make 15 large, light, delicious, and wholesome buns from Id. packet of Eiffel Tower Bun Flour for a total cost of aid. It is so easy to use that a child CAM pae..ke djicouj lAtne with certain emcees,

•0-- . 6, fie

===== 0002601_19030508_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
The Most Nutritious..

EPPS'S

Grateful—Comforting.

COCOA

Breakfast—Supper.

111

===== 0002601_19030508_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
BABIES ON FIRE

With Itching, BurninCScaly

Humours

Find Instant Relief and

Speedy Cure

In Cuticura Soap and Cuticura

Ointment

When All Other Remedies and the Best Physicians Fail.

Instant relief and refreshing sleep for skin-tortured babies and rest for tired mothers in warm baths with Cuticura Soap and gentle anointings with Cuticura Ointment, the great skin cure, and purest of emollients, to be followed in severe cases by mild doses of Cuticura Resolvent Pills. This is the purest, sweetest, most speedy, per- manent and economical treatment for torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning, bleeding scaly, crusted and pimply skin and scalp humours, eczemas, rashes and irritations with loss of hair, of infants and children as well as adults, and is sure to succeed when all other remedies and physicians fail. Millions of the world's best people now use Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuticura Ointment, for preserving, purifying and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales and dandruff, and the stopping of fall- ing hair, for softening, whitening and soothing red, rough and sore hands, as well as for all the purposes of the toilet, bath and nursery. Thousands of women unhesitatingly recommend Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuticura Ointment for annoying irritations, in- flammations and chafings, or too free or offensive perspiration, for ulcer- ative weaknesses, and for many sana- tive, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves. The sale of Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Pills is greater than the combined sale of the world's product of other skin remedies. Sold in every part of the world. -

===== 0002601_19030508_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
ais wonderful water proofer for Dales 7 tßenTall preserves ilerAvensilEthSeS. leatle; Pleasant odour allow po'lsb lag with blaoking. GOLD MEDAL E 2 HXIIIFIITIOS HIGHEST AWA,MS. 0 abbin Tins sd.. 6d., ti. 6.2,6 of Boot Makers, Stuidlers, Ironmongers er'e. Mann/actors East Dul-mch, London.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
----4-.llllo.lo6Mirr Alt

IdPROVFID INJBCTION SYRINGB.—A Speciality for 1 Farmers and Vets. This Syringe, with Detachable Nozzle, should Ire on every, farm, as it is useful for ordinary injections into the vagina, for theorevention of Abortion in Cows. Useful also for Horses, Cattle and large Pigs. Price 38 6d; ostage 4d extra. Sturdy Instruments, 10e 93, Ile 901, Us 9d per set. Bull NnSA Cutters, 5s 34, post free. Cash with order,from JOHN 8 MOFFAZ,CattIe Market,HP-Xbaln

===== 0002601_19030508_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR 35 IrEILEGS

HAS

, CURED id. p.c. tree sample Hayman; ISc, Albemarle St. E.C. COUGrEE& COME)

iLui.

NULINE•II COMPOUND Pt PINYROVAL & STEEL i PILLS FOR FEMALE IRREGULARITIES. ea., are thar beet wad always elective; in bowie Is. 141. and 2a. 9e1,1 beat id. W. pest fro.. HUME, CHEMIST, MOTTIEIHAM. Esbablialaiki 1860.

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the RoyAl Laundries. Shout I be used in ev,ry house. 0 co t ,led, alwAvs wanted, MAIKEi OLD LINEN LIKE NEW. The grettest boon ever nffered to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to starched Linen. Laces etc It does not stick to spider-web-like rnetertals. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id.. 3d.. end 6d . each. PREPARED ONLY BY

T. eRiTeRLEtkr, chemist, BLROKBURN. 7, Whiteeross Etreet, London, B. C.

_ J UAYMAN'S;',` 11 BALSAMQ.I %.)

. 1,2 b - '4lf-

===== 0002601_19030508_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
r r v ar, El. II GOLD & GEM ~ k,,..,,,,„„1.2.,_ - ‘: :tv-v. . • JEtovf P 0 Fi.--': yr .6.-.7Wiktt ~ _,,,....... ~..

Lace Pin, 10/-

Fine Gold Chain Bra:

SELECTIONS

I d (1/4 Pearl

itterTir j.sizolizAooll

£3 3s.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOK OF

Mahogany Bra kg Striking Clock, 4;0

. SENT ON 1 APPROVAL.

it, £lO

Fine Gold & Pearls, 371- 'INGS IN THE WORLD;

.... '7. - C- '''' ' _ Vgiill"01 .- - 'Fe' ..-.°,•.-ii... Fine Gold Brooch, 21/- LARGEST S R_ - , , -.442,'',-1--rt4t, P.C• 50 f,' ';• ... ,f' • Brilliant or s V A 4 üby i- Brilli..ali.:.:t:::::iia...nfi.des.., R;.;_ leans,.l, 25,:::c. , .46...".. :Y. •'',. •-,' '', -, ---',-' • in•:X - \ :*--7'. - . . • . / . '../'' /2 4 sAZ • ' ''.., ' \ 5..-7,-..--;• , 0 r ....:.. 7 ~•I'.-i. .:I 1. :7A• ..1 ~1) ~ ~\ ~,' ,41..: .: ,f :-% ' ' • 4:a iip,T .‘-'z : t:mf., 4: , i-5 ..r: ~1. q • c.,.- •„ , \tr.,? .44,/ .-,'"',,7:4' ;':, '.. !',•'.i. ie.:: ', \- I•et • 5 4.* ..,/..-evivi 0. ! , „ ~ „ N.. -,.....,,,,L.,,,,L,-_,,,,,f3•,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ;(ii,,!at'i 1.; ..11::: 1,, • •'.... I. : .' : •7 7 '..,q; ~I*.•'!' ' 'l' '. ':*:.:l' 'j C? .!•`;,' . : 1! ';.s. ; %.,, ~1 . ..- * ... • , ',, - ~.* 't*'''',4;i;:l; Ai ;, ..:. .... 1 i:ti i _ .. ~ • - - '“;',,;:: :': " ti,,,; • ,i, ,if m ~..0,. ,i i. ..''r:.;•:;,,:ii,••:i'i, • : 0 : - i.:' 5,1)..' ~.'''' \____.- . .' .: ',. - :',,'i.i..5:!11:'*::11.:,,.; y ,:..F.<•:: . --- • .. ~.• •, . • ~ ,• . 4-_ —. • r I._ ".-,e . - 7-'-` '. .'::-C---:.;' •rt:',:-.• ''•••• ' • - -----4-----,-,- -..--.7 .:- - - -----,-_,-:.......------,,:•::: . .. ' • ~;-'-',; ...';:_ --J,-----,----1,-.. . ~,-..,,,:..., • ..4.7,-----11.. --7.:-- - -----7.-_-----.-_------',-- NI- -:- --- -- 7 -7.---'7:•'-'-- '-'-__..--4..__-_-. ..,_ . _..,• , • .1 -,7*-. 1 1,4 ti •,411411:111,:illiiirailir,iilgileuifl-"Flir4,.;-; " '

( A 4 f4.4r7ty, • r 'ly4 • ' mom

===== 0002601_19030508_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
;00,31.4, ;;; • (~ 74.t...)1...)) .4414

Pearls & Rub Yes, 28/-

, Beautiful Figure . .nd Improved Health

is ensured to wearers of this perfect Cored. The latest model of a fashionable expert, anatomical moastruoted to sirs strong support and icuPro,•• meat to We lon. Ladies who use this new model emelt say it LI Jar and away the best eves made. leotared.

PATENT •BE SIDE-SPRINC CORSET

_ Beautiful in Construction. Unrivalled in Style. Asa-meted i with physiological principles, give so endae prem.'''. but Tidd to the svernents of the body, end the aide supports ere reIRSAIAIII2.. Modelled is liferent shapes to mat tepee of Spares, they yield moat greoefnl and rounded appearance. IForicests, 3/11% to 10/6. Obtain*"

variosuo

..ble trona the principal Drapers and Lading' 61d-titters, but it any dialcolty in procuring, wrike name et imam* Ageeit lame ow A/DWI Ad J. B. Pide-npreng Corso—The Rut. lIIPORTANT.—Tbit wed': et every J*. Ceram 1. Sat Manaviscturer J. I. KAM, &sat Monate *treat, Manchester.

Brilliants. £l2 108.

BENsows IN C LOCKS Marble, Ormolu, 9 Wood, etc., for DINING, DRAWING ROOM, LIBRARY, or HALL, £2 to £lOO.

Estimates for Ciocks for Churches, Factories, or Public Buildings, free of charge,

An inspection of the New Clock To Visitors to LOIld011•Show Rooms is specially invited.

WATCHES and JEWELLERY SENT FREE at our risk to V V all parts of the World for Cash or P. 0.0., pa ya ble at G.P.O.

OLD WATCHES AND JEWELLERY TAKEN IN EXCHANGE. DENSONS BOOK of CLOCKS, WATCHES from O .£2 to £5OO. CHAINS, ENGAGEMENT RINGS BROOCHES, "IMPERIAL PLATE" and CUTLERY, Post Free.

J. W. BENSON, Ltd., The Steam Factory, •

82 & 64 LUDGATE HILL LONDON UP / sr NOTE. Order Form & Particulars of "THE TIMES" System of Purchase. Post Free.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'teed by SS

,„„ -

===== 0002601_19030508_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
( .1' 4 v ;

===== 0002601_19030508_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

, { ,

• 1.."- •

===== 0002601_19030508_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
•

4

the " &Ammer omits

TWARRINGTON AND MID-CHASHIRE BXAMINEB." published every daturds.— morning. TEIS " EARLE/TOWN AND NEWTON EX/AMER , published every Friday afternoon. THE " ST . HELENS Ex/Aartrak" published every Friday afternoon.

rr" •' RUNCORN EXLMINKR," published every Friday afternoon. TEIE " IDNES &Cita' *ER," published every Friday afternoon.

gr ARTZ4 VATS WARD PARTNE &YTS TO LET

VEtt'fISI3NIENT HOUSES:WANTED HOUsES To BE SOLD

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS MLSCELL i NEO LTS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 '47 36 45 54

BTICL'ES LOST

STICLE3 F IIJSD

===== 0002601_19030508_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
nomesgit goerbantg, ett

_ IVANTISO GaNISAILL 3 eig.VANt. plain cook; good ho me —Mrs. BILLINGTors, 1137, Chester road, Stretford. _

WANTBD PLAIN 000 K (strong young, good), £22-225 —Miss BUCKLEY, Nook, Greenfield, near Oldham.

1111 V ANTSD General SIIRVANT, must have a good char- seter.—Apply WArrEttiox, Lytham College, Lytham. GOOD SITUATIONS waiting for maids ; no charge.— 31188 THOMAS, 24, Wilbraham rd., Choriton,Manchester.

WANTBD COOK WINK IIAL• Comfortable home. Wages £17.-Apply '`llas.ciLENnoE"Clarendon rd, Sale.

WANIBD, General SBELVANT for small family; Protestant; washing.-31rs. War.,ax, 67 Belgrave road, Darwen,

WANTBD. a young Glitißß&L, age 113. good home for suitable gbl.—Apply 139, Citontirox ROAD, Brooke's Bar. Manchester.

WANTED FOR SOUTHPORT. private house, respectable GIRL for housework 16 to 20.—Apply 8, MORLEY ROAD. Southport.

miANTBD. CiiiNisa&L, four ha family ; mother's taelp kept; good character; ,213.—Mrs. HANSOM, Milton terrace, Fleetwood,

- WANTED GOOD GENERAL SERVANT; good wages; good home ; small family.-62, NEW LANE, Winton, Patrieroft. Diauehester.

WANING WAIMINSB and MINIMAL, Cook and Groom kept. (one sOn).—BoTTOIALET REGIBTRY. Morley street, Bradford, Yorks.

VI_BNBEAL BUSINESS, genuine; can be seen at any l_T time, good house; rent lb. 6d. clear.-19. OA.Ic.DILE ROAD, Seaeombe, Cheshire.

WANTIC") at once 000K-GBNISHAL. two in family; three servants.—Maa. BURY, dandiford Cottage, Holmes Chapel, Obesbire.

\NTA NTBD GICSBBAL,Netth good reference, age 20 to 25. Protestant—Apply to Mrs. G. PaEscorr. Brighouse Farm, Latham, Ormskirk.

WANTBD, good GliNfittAb ; must have references; £l3.—Address Mrs. DARBYSKIRE, 141,Tyldesley road Atherton, near Manchester.

WANTBD GENBRAL SERVANT, with good, character 20 or 22: comfortable home: good wages. &TERN- TALE, Heaton Moor, Stockport,

10 17 &NUM Young GENBRAL, for family of 3; reference TV required —Apply Mrs FERRIE, 17 Summer road, Irlarns-04.1e-Height, Manchester

wAN TB D HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS and KITCHEN- WAID ; good home; liberal wages.—Mrs. ALCOCK , Swan Hotel, Buoklow Hill, Knutaford.

WANTED, GENERAL (experienced) May 27th; good wages. comfortable home ; four in family.—Mrs. Fox, 6, Charlotte street, ehesdle, Cheshire.

WANTED GOOD GIiNER&L ; Protestant, able to do plain cooking. Referenoes.—Apply Mrs. GLovzit, liookwood. 32. St. Helens Road. Ortaskirk.

WANTED good 000K-GENBRILL,where another servant is kept; four in family; wages £lB.—Address, Mrs 'WYLIE, The Bungalow, Macs Met, Llandudno.

-- ----- A LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or town,public and private.—Call or write Miss ileums:l:es only office). 6. Oldham street. Manchester. Baal). 1862.

GBNBRALEI (good), Cook-Generals, Housemaids. Kitchen- maids Wanted. good references indispensable.—MU. INIGHTINOALk. Cheatham Hill Registry Office, Manchester.

w' ANTED. CIIINBRAL SERVANT where nurse-hquse- maid is kept. Three in family. Comfortable home; good references required.—Wl.DEß, Beech Blount, 3darple, Cheshire.

LIXPBRIENCHD l'eale and Female NURSICS st a La moment's notice for all eases.—Apply NunsEs Isrartru- TioN, 70, Hope-street, Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address " Nurses." - _

\VANTICD, MINIMAL SIifiVANT for small family (four adults) ; no washing ; good references required ; wages £l6. —Apply latmom, Oak Detre. Irlams-e-W- Height,Manchester.

mRS READ REQUIRES number Superior SERVANTS every capacity, reliable situations, "ndiangs procured. Batablished 23 years.—S ELECT litisholme, Manchester.

--- WANTIED. by a Lady living alone. an experienced SERVANT, who thoroughly understands housework, and be able to wait at table; occasional help given.—Apply Miss HILL, Hilldene. Crewe.

CIOOKS WANTED £2O to 224, Housemaid Waitresses £lB ‘J to £22, Generals £lB to £2O. Girls £l4. excellent places. No connection with any other otEce.—Write to HARRIsON'S. E. Oldham street, Manchester. WANTED a Superior General SERVANT for family of two, or clean well brought up girl to train, a very comfortable home, light duties, age 20 to 92, reference, no registry.-s,WAnwtcx Roin,Choriton-cum-Hardy,Manchester.

LL CLASSIIS OF SITUATIONS, private and public 11: good homes. excellent wages ; places in town. country and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OtniseT ESTABLISHED ILEcturrnY, 6, Oldham street. Manchester.

^ WANTRD FORTY GOOD iIInVANTS for Hotels,Board- ing and private Houses for Blackpool and district, good wages; enclose stamp.--Mrs PaEsTores REGISTRY. 44 Charles-street, Blackpool. Telephone 0337.

WANTBD COOK-GENM/AL. at once, for country; aged 25-30 ; tour in family ; housemaid and coach- /ran kept ; woman in to wash ; must be good ironer.— !firs Cox, ifernilee Hall, Whaley Bridge, Stockport.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
LO be .tt.

PRNKETH.—Cottages 4s Od.. 3s. 94. and s. 84. pet week BANK STREET OFFICE, £5 room. OFFICES MARKET STREET 27 CATHERINE STREET, 4s. 3d., per week. 16 WELLINGTON STREET. ss. per week. 17 PIERPOINT STREET, 4s. Od., per week. 15 DIAL sTREPT SHOP, 55., per week. 19 GEE STREET, 3s. 64. per week. 12 CLARE'S BUILDINGS, 4s. ed., per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-stroet War, tington. Telephone—No 55.

- - /Tv LEIT.—HOttSIi off BMWSI4Y-110AD, rent 4t ; 3 tedroorns.—Apply Woons AND SON. Solicitors, Horse- zalrket street, Warrington.

FrO BB Lin' OR SOLD. good Family DwellinT House, No, 1 9, Beicsev road.—For particulars apply BURROWS 19, StaulPy street, Warrinztou.

QUO? and DWELLING with workroom, snit milliner.&c.. L7l in Bevrsey street. adjoining tailor, grocer, hosiery, hardware, itc.—Apply SKELLIND.63a. Bewsey it Warrington.

To BIS LET OE SOLD.—PFINKETH,near IN'AItKINGTON I —The old Penketh CABINET WO tC • neis and other buildings, suitable for mtnufacturing purposes.—Apply Mr. Rositirr Lowk, I, Bank-street. Warrington.

PNKRTH.—Semi—detached Residence, " East Bank, Hall Nook, Penketh ; 3 entertaining rooms, bath. etc., large garden, rent £4o.—Apply. Mr LOWE, Rstate Agent, 1, Bank street, Warrington. Telephone No. 55.

9-10 LliT. STABLIt and 00ACHHOUSH. with lofts ova 1 large yardiattacbed off Tanners Lane.—Apply WOODS & Solicitors, 55. Horsernarketstree Warringtan.

YOU CAN HAT ANYTHING YOU WKS,

===== 0002601_19030508_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
IF YOU TAKE

MILLER'S DYSPEPSIA

TABLETS,

(ONE AFTER EACH MEAL.) ER SURE YOU GET A BOX AND HAND

THEM ROUND THE TABLE.

nD. PER BOX FROM

H. MILLER,

CHEMIST,

77,, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

731 BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

14ottIO, itp43ros, Boartling ostabs

===== 0002601_19030508_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLE INFIRMARY

IS THE SHOP Te TA KIC YOUR "BIKE " FOR RICPAIRi, No JOB TOO SHALL OR Too DIFFICULT, ANY MAKE OF CYCLE IN A FEW HOURS. FREE WHEELS FITTED IN TWO DAYS.

TYRAS Rll-131513BARAD AND 1113-LINBD AQUA TO

NHW IN TWO ,DAYS ALL WORK GUARANTEED.

Cycles built to order from Ferry's Hadle., B. 5.11„ mad hater Lee fittings, Agent for.PalmerTyres.

NT IC ADDRESS, D. H. GUEST, CYCLE INFIRMARY,

GoolJs.-12 tIOZ. Leading Lines, 484,-13AzAILR kl 2 SUPPLY, 7to n, The Green, Beigrave, Leicester.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Obarto.

RWSAGHNT, Tobacco. Sweets. Stationery; good thor - oughfare; rent £3s.—Apple 79. KENsINGToN, Liverpool.

1).0r5r0, Tarrtageo, Etbe stork, srr

TO BR SOLD TWOILANDAUS in very good order,£l6 and 1 £2O. F. PORTER, 13 1, Poulton road, Southport.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, May 8, 1903.

guatuanoo, en eate, ar.

AbTHMA, positive cure, stamped enveIope.—CAMKRIDGE, 47, Fleet street, London.

gtisrtllanotis, (9n Anties, rte.

URlCh.—Racing information.—Write LANE. 629, FnMain road, London.

BOOK-KiIIiPING thoroughly taught by post in a month.— WAYLER, Walsingham, Norfolk.

A FEW DOORS PAST "TIM WIGOON AND HORSES INN." THIS ESTABLISHMENT is OPEN EACH MORNING BEFORE 6 o'cLocK FOR THE SALE Or ALL LIVERPOOL, MANCHESTER AND BIRMINGHAM DAILY PAPERS, SPORTING CHRONICLES, Stc. ALL °THEE NEWSPAPER PERIODIC:ILIA, MAGAZINES ON SALE.

The Gentry living in the Worrington Country Posts District can be supplied by the first early p)st with RUT o the above Newspapers by sending their orders to the above address. THE BUSINMS IS UNDER TI E MANAGEMENT OF

JOHN ALLEN, LATE 07 CHADWICK'S. 141•714.111P-MIAD.

Oggsc Voultrp, ttr.

Vltantrti.

A Miran WANTID, for part or whole time, to introduce Li. the • People's Popular Property Purchase Plan.' duo, easeful agents are making really large hero:nes. and those taking it up now with energy and tact nay soon reaen an indepenslence.—Apply HOCkSTlADs(Lt4.).Parkstone,Dertst.

COME TO SMITH'S, IN MANCHESTER, 34, 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD. and 83, PICCADILLY, for PIANOS AND FAIR. TREAT EN AND YOU'LL GHT BOTH. 'STRAIGHTFORWARD BUSINRSS makes no bid for patronage by sharpness or diplo- macy, even in Piano selling. Plain, clean, honest, methods are what the public "tie to," and these you always find here. To be spoken of as a house where everybody Is dealt with in absolute fairness —to serve you faithfully—to please you always— these are our ambitions. THRICE'S ONLY ONIC

PIANO-SMITH IN MANCLIESTER. Send to SMITH for CATALOGUE, Post Free. PRICES AND TERMS WILL ASTONISH YOU. PIANOS from 10s. 6d. MONTHLY I ORGANS .. 6s. Od. TILL PAID FOR. f Every Instrument Guaranteed. Delivered free to any part of England or Wates. Return Railway Fare allowed to country customers. Old Instrument, taken in exchange YOUR MONEY RETURNED IF INSTRUMENT IS NOT SATISFACTORY, TIMES MAY BE BAD, but this is no reason why you should buy rubbish: I have been here 20 years. mid My goods are well known for 60 miles round, and my Showrooms are full of goods at all prices. Go in for a good article. and you will always be satisfied; and if ever you wish to re-sell rest easy that within a very small sum you will get your money back again on Pianos supplied by SMITH. SMITH. 34. 88, and 179, OXFORD-ROAD, AND 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. FIRST-CLASS TUNERS SENT TO ALL PARTS. BRANCHES AT LWOW : 35. Railway-road, ST. HELENS 99. Corporation-street.

MR. WALTER LONa THE SPEED OF made an announcement of „ MOTOR-CARS. some importance oa

Tuesday. He told the House of Commons, in reply to a question on the subject, that he has in preparation a Bill dealieg with the speed and the general legal status of motor-cars. The measure will, we have no datibt, abolish the present speed limit. There are few motorists who do not now and again, and when- ever a good opportuaity presents itself, infringe the existing law. Wnen he was the other day in- specting a new car which has been built for him in Paris, the KING made inquiries as to what was the top speed to be obtained, and he was told 32 miles an hour. Both question mid answer were significant. Those whopurchase motor-cars capable of a speed of thirty-two miles an hour, do Hot intend to uniformly travel at a rate of more than twelve miles. As a matter of fact the law is constantly being broken by motorists, many: of whom are themselves law makers. Mr. BALFOUR'S car, lent to a candidate in a recent Par- liamentary election, is reported to have at least once put en a speed of forty miles an hour. There is really no harm in this if the road is clear, if the driver of the car sees his way well ahead, ani if he can bring his vehicle to a standstill almost at once when occasion arises. Obviously, however, these high speeds must be attended by great danger to the public anywhere but in places where the roads are practically deserted. In the streets of towns they should, of course, be made impossible in theory and indeed in law. The pedestrian has just as much right to the use of any part of the thoronghf are as the driver of horses or of motor cars, but if he presumes on that right to any extent he does so distinctly at his peril. It appears to be a fixed idea among drivers of vehicles that the foot pas- senger should confine himself to the pavement. Refuges are becoming more necessary in the streets; and in the more populous towns, if the drivers of motor-cars have their way, underground passages at all the more important *crossings may become indispensable. Yet wedoubt whether the present speed on motor vehicles is the best mode of dealing with what is an increasing danger. The question put by Mr. J. Erias to the President of the Local Gavernmeet Board on Tuesday, and evidently suggested by considerations of public safety, took it for granted that the law would he placed on a more satisfactory footing if the limit as to speed were removed, subject, as Mr. Emig said, to due security for the safely and con- venience of other users of public roads by re- quiring registration of the vehicles, and by enacting a high maximum penalty for breaches of these and any other conditions it might seem desirable to impose. Mr. LONG will at present give no indication of what his Bill is to contain. Probably he does not himself know. What it will be necessary to guard against in such new legisla- tion as would be merely in the interests of the owners of motor-cars. The public safety must be the first consideration. It is much less important that motor-oar owners should be able to rush along at high speeds than that the lives of his MAJESTY'S subjects should be safe on the lirso's highway. It does not follow that a mere speed limit—which, as we know, is only, observed when s policeman is in sight— is the best means of secur- ing the desired end. Tne law as to furious driving might meet most cases, but the penalties, as Mr. Eraas suggests, should be so increased as to create a real sense of serious responsibility among thoo who appear to think that since motor-cars carne into use the roads and the street are their own.

His Majes-ty't Consul at Chicago, while, 0E course, deprecating in no way the visit 4 of dele- gates and deputations from the United Kingdoo3 and the Colonies to investigate the spume OE business, education,:raitroads, &c., in. the United

===== 0002601_19030508_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

QANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers weN. " After ens dressing I found 136 dead next morn. Ing."—.l. BUN, lielithorps, Leighton. " I killed 200 rate with Sanford's Polson."—C. COOK. Farnter. Ellesmere. " I destroyed 145 rats with it."—O. Wit-sox, Offord.—Send Is to SANFORD A SONS, Sandy St,Bedr. Sold by Cbentista.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
• States, still thinks it necessary in his annual IsPort to issue a word of warning. The members of all such bodies as Mr. Mosely's Commission 4lre highly intelligent and practical men. Yet he Very rightly points out it is quite impossible for visitor of the most acute mind to learn all there is to be learnt about Chicago in two or three days. Such investigators naturally see only °lle side of the question. Our Consul wishes us to remember there is another, and 4,4duces several facts which certainly appear in olrect conflict with the sweeping • daductions so often mule. For instance, the superior Public education in the United States, though 411 important factor in the progress and the Prosperity of the country, does not prevent emi- grants from the United Kingdom or the Colonies 'llll.eceeding in every line of business in America without any education beyond that received at borne. The official explanation lays stress on the LPPortunity both in business and employment in a 'go, young country, the encouragement given to Ivorkmen of merit, the intimate acquaintance of details of business on the part of heads of firms, the keen enthusiasm of workmen in the interests ,41 their employer, and the absolute fearlessness on l'uo part of business men in venturing on experi- .roents or improvements either in machinery or alstem which may be brought before him. Every kall, however, his Majesty's Consul adds signifi- -2slltly, even the highest-priced manager, earns all r.eceives. For the material prosperity, so much tivied by other nations, America pays a price, as 'ltr. Burns reminded the House of Commons in forcible if inelegant phrase.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN NOTES. [By A CORRESPONDENT.]

Weston and Halton do not intend to submit to 'ab- '°rPtion without a struggle. Weston have resolved to Petition the Rural Council to save them from such an antimely fate, and there is no doubt but their appeal !I'M. not pass by unheeded. So fares can be ascertained "Lc_attunittee of three prominent county councillors has rn appointed to investigate whether there is any need il?r such an inquiry as the Runcorn Urban Council de- tlires. Everything points to an inquiry being held, °Ugh what the issue will be is at present difficult to !B•3r,but W6ston,by their attitude' are certainly standing m their own light. Substantial advantages are offered vtt%'llich the Rural Council cannot give them. The terms, are moderate in the extreme, and it really means t for the next ten years the Runcorn taxpayer will Ps bearing, out of all proportion, the burden of direct irsprovements for Weston and Halton which he will no tea -11 Y participate in.

The discussion on the minutes of the Technical _lsstruction Committee at the meeting of the Runcorn Urban Council revealed the striking fact that the four scholarships offered by the local authority had all been carried off by boys from the National School. Mr. Marshall's statement showed that equal numbers of boys alid girls had been sent from the Board Se,hool and the National School, and yet the Board this year-are: com- Illetely out of the running, and the National leads the ,way. After this we shall expect to hear from certain local Demosthenic orators that " this conclusively proves the advantage, from an educational point of view,of the !ctarian elementary training compared with Board chool education." There must be some explanation ,W 1 h 3, the Victoria-road has had to "knuckle under,' to Te Church brigade, and I should very much like to know ute reason from those placed in authority.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN COUNCIL.

t The monthly meeting of the aboveauthority was held 04 Wednesday morning in the Council Chamber.—Pre- :;4ts Messrs. S. Taylor (in OW chair), W. Handley, D. pbrown, M. Sweetmam, J. H. Salkeld, J. J. Shaw, J. 41tchard,E. Imi.son, E. Gatley, R. H. Posnett, with th,srs. F. A. Lake (law clerk), E. Marshall (secretary), '• McDougall (medical officer), J. Wilding (surveyor).

HEALTH OF THE TOWN. 44The deaths during the past month amounted to twenty land the births fifty-two. For the corresponding month t 3'sar there were eighteen deaths and forty-four truis. • McDougall's report was approved. GIFT OF LAND. that „glghways and Buildings Committee recommended estfield-road, on condition that the top ~wr,.e offer of Mrs. Abel to give a strip of land at the -Niaiiipl tilouncil The-,,,ttke wall be accepted. • rosa,„,etes were confirmed on the motion of Messrs and Handley. The TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION. tha.. echnicai Instruction Committee recommended Miss Catherine Steggall, Inter B.A. Loud. be .1:P anted assistant mistress in the place of Miss Johnson. VOmigned, at a salary at the rate of £75 a year to date 1, April 27th last, and that the appointment be sub- VaCt to -termination on one mouth's notice being given Ye either party; that the Oxford Local examination Lees be paid in respect of eighteen holders of Scholar- (three senior, seven junior and eigh t preliminary). 4'w) committee reported that the successful candidates 4°r the Science and Art .Scholarships at the recent *xaraination were William Warburton, Joseph Walker 84'.,(1 Jessie Gibbs. 4r. Wilson proposed and Mr. Handley seconded the confirmation of the minutes. M. liaison said as there was a new departure in the tatting of the scholarships the: public were entitled to Nclrolation respecting them. kr. Wilson confessed he had had no time to look up 'seefo— Latation respecting the minutes during the past ,p,'• The Secretary could give the information. Secretary stated there were 32 candidates, 22 43 and 10 girls in equal proportions from the National tliA 1-the Victoria-road schools. Trinity sent none, nor IftWost titute,owing to the age limit. The four winners Le4°oysand girls from the National schools. , subsequent discussion it was pointed out that sianZlncil subscribed £5 yearly for three years :which •t 4 tZas supplemented by the Bciard of Education by Th "e first year, £7 second year, £lO third year. e minutes were approved. Th PUBLIC LIBRARIES BILL. 136 eLibrary Committee recommended that the Runcorn District Council be requested to support the then in favour of the "Public Libraries Bill, 1963," . haeAlorary Committee being of opinion that the time arao;;°rlle when each district must decide for itself what tile-fit shall be spent on its libraries, without incurring t-"Pettse of a Local Act. The petition to be for. 1:1 to P`arlianient, and to our local member in the `'eal ndlev in proposing the confirmation of the .ag° tea, pointed out that the Libraries Act of 50 years Aen„ Save Power to authorities for the spending of a rate only. Many authorities, owing to technical eienelation, found that the penny rate was now insuffi- onb,'•,_ A local act to increase the penny grant could Th •',.1.?e. Procured after considerable trouble and expense. to nill simply. conferred upon authorities the power lia;Dend more than the penny, but the Council would loce, to adopt the measure before it could become to 5'37 Operative. The committee wished the Council mPly fall into line with the attitude of the larger .tae --r. Wilson in seconding said he believed in the • sec • 2 ;Ple of local option. If the ratepayers wished to mom money on the library they should have to do so. Trisr• Bisbrown did not agree a ith the recommendation. "e minutes were confirmed with four dissentients. A LOSS FROM THE MARKET. t1i073 Markets and Cemetery Committee recommended to "0".; Precept be served on the Overseers of the Poor f 4.1(65 for the six months ending 30th September next repayment -of loans and that the seal of the Dorrji affixed to the precept. The Committee re- , ead elt that the receipts for the market for the year ex„ef March 31st, last amounted to £251 us. 3d, and the Verlditure to £270 Os. 7d. leaving a loss of el 5 9s. 4d. e expenditure last year was P. 235 is. sd. Qatie minutes were approved on the motion of Messrs. e3' and Sweetman. . THE EDUCATION ACT. Secretary read an order of the Board of Edoca- Lle the first day of July, 1903, as the day upcn c". the Education Act, 1902, shall come into opera- see'n Within the area of the County Council as regards .I•o4ittlarY education. 1.-„REPREsEN"TA.TIVES FOR LIVERPOOL UNIVERSITY. r WiLS read from the secretery to the Liverpool Provf,lBLtY Committee intimating that the draft Charter pve "e. 13 that one member of the court—the sepreme .11Y tift",.,oe body of the rtniversitv--shall be appointed 'or ti;„ murhan District. Council of Runcorn. and askine oti °' nae of the personso appointed to be forwarded -worin enclosed. ip 0 osnett said the appointment was almost import- 'otftelle• It Was essential that Paincorn's Commercial abitbiBts Should be represented on such an authority by Nr.e/Pittri• He proposed Mr. Fred Norman. , 34. T ISOrOWn seconded. isr-Lmison contended there was no 'need for hurry. 11° tiot°,rinall's name could not be proposed as there was a cOul -ee' of itli motion. The matter should be relegrttedto Aft ttee• 15.,.regt1rther discussion Mr. Posnett withdrew his 'llale4:1:10t1, and On the motion of Messrs. Wilson and 'the Te was resolved that the matter be referred to euttical Instruction Committee. /

7,llthorifTl? TETE EnucATFON Arr.—Probably the first "le .O,—Y In •the country to offer passive resistance to th'flan% Ortla„Vucation Act •ei the Tap of Wight Board of e, Th .1 havnc sent i 4An „' • co Island County linet. `44100f Pr"cePt for expenses connected with the athrinis- 'Nal the Act the Guardians have replied with a 411 W filetrit,,,,lre,linin.o to use the machinery of the poor """ They describe AS a denominational rate.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SERIOUS FALL AT RUNCORN

On Saturday a young man named Henry Critchley, of Wolverhampton, had a terrible fall at, the Weston Point Salt Works of the Salt Union, Limited. Critchley, while employed in the construction of a motor-power gas plant, fell from a scaffold 30,feet high. He became jambed in the iron work eight feet from the floor, and was unconscious when extricated. His left shoulder is smashed, his body badly bruised, and he suffers severely from shock to the system. Dr. Delaney is attending the injured man, who still lies in a dangerous condition.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THEFT OF MONEY BY A SEAMAN,

At the Runcorn Police Court, on Wednesday, Frederick Gascoign, seaman, was charged with having stolen Rijn money belonging to Henry Ammindsen, able seaman on the brigantine " Taragena."—From the evidence it transpired that the .prisoner, was formerly engaged on the brig but was discharged at Goole. Having nothing to do he followed the ship to Runcorn Docks. Prisoner there saw Ammindsen, who had a sovereign and a florin in a box underneath his pillow, and said he was going away out of the town. Subse- quently the sovereign was missed, and prisoner was found to have changed one at the Railway Hotel. He was arrested at Widnes. Prisoner was committed to gaol for three months with hard labour.

TRANSFERS OF LICMSES, "sci 9

At Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday before Mijor Hazelhurst (in the chair), and Mr. U. L. Davies,Richard Kendrick Williams applied for the transfer of the licence of Wilson's Hotel, lately held by William Wildgoose. The application was granted.—Ganrge Carson was granted the transfer of the licence from Elizabeth Horton, of the Mersey Vaults, Mersey-street.—Susan Fitton, licensee of the Watertnan's Arms, Weston Point, applied for the house to be put in the name of Susan Langley, as she had recently been married. The name was accordingly altered.—George H. Andrews produced plans for the alteration of the "Elephant and Castle" beerhouse, Halton, of which he was the licensee. The plans were approved.

A SUNDAY NUISANCE. At Runcorn Petty Sessions, on Monday, Ross Sheep, aged 17, Herbert Yarwood, 15, John Kelly, 18, John Brown, 22, John Flannagan, 28, Thomas Faulkner, 27, Thomas Jones, 18, Joseph Morris, 18, Thomas Watson, 116, each pleaded guilty to playing " banker" on Sunday , the 26th April. P.C. Davies in proving the case stated ' that on the date mentioned he watched the defendants playing on the Ship Canal Bank, opposite Belvedere, -from 5.30 until 7. When he tried to get near them they ; ran away. He had since succeeded in getting theirnames. Superintendent Ennion said there had been many com- plaints about the defendants playing for money. Flannagan, who had been previously convicted, and was, apparently, the ringleader of the gang was fined RA including costs or fourteen days, and the others 10s. in- cluding costs or seven days.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
i RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS

I The fortnightly meeting of the above authority was I held on Tuesday afternoon at Dutton Workhouse. • Present :—Messrs. J. Stokes (in the chair), A. R. Nor- man, S. Woodward, T. Wright, J. Mclntyre, T. Baxter,T. , Darlington, J. W. Knowles, J. Edwards, A. Guest, J. B. Chadwick, J. Pilling, J. M. Williams, T. Wood, T. Lea, J. F. Collier, J. Spruce, P. Gleave, T. Antwiss, E. Clarke Bretherton, J. Bagnley, T. Bolshaw, T. Lewis, with I Messrs. G. F. Ashton (clerk), NV. E. Hough (assistant I clerk), T. Cooke, F. Riley. W. ft. DePrez (relieving officerr),a.nd J. Cunnah (master).

===== 0002601_19030508_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY ASYLUM RATE.

Mr. A. Horaby, Clerk to the Committee of Visitors, County Asylum Chester, wrote informing the Board, that the Committee had fixed the rate of maintenance of pauper lunatics in the Asylum at 7s. 7d. per head per week, for the quarter ending the 30th June. The Chairman: Any alteration?

The Clerk: No! FRESH ACCOMMODATION REQUIRED FOR HARMLESS

LUNATICS.

The Mailing Union forwarded copy of a resolution passed by them with reference to the accommodation and cost of lunatics and expressed the hope that the Runcorn Guardians would support it. The Clerk said that a similar resolution had been passed at the Northern Poor Law Conference to which the Board sent delegates. They were now taking the. matter up. Mr. Norman said they ought to support it. He felt there should be a home where simple cases could be sent. He moved that the Board support the circular. Mr. Woodward in seconding, presumed that such an institution would deal with lunatics and epileptics of a mild type. It was painful for such to go to a lunatic asylum or to remain in a workhouse. England was behind the times in the matter.

The resolution was adopted. PA UPE ELS SAVINGS.

_ Mr. F. Stretton, clerk to the Isle of Wight Union wrote, enclosing a copy of resolution passed at the last meeting, asking the ituncorn Board to take similar action 'Resolved that a communication be addressed to the Controller of the Post Office Savings Bank De- partment, informing him that the Board have had to deal with cases where, upon the death of a recipient of relief, it has transpired that such a person had a con- siderable sum of money deposited in the Post Office Savings Bank and asking, in the event of the Board suspecting a similar state of affairs, whether the Con- troller would, on receipt of particulars give the Guardians sufficient information to enable them to deal with the case." _ . .

It was resolve-I that the resolution receive the support of the Board on the proposition of Messrs. Norman and Knowles.

RESIGNATION OF LADY BROOK E.

A letter dated May 4th was read by the Clerk.announe- ing that Lady Brooke had with much regret, determined to resign her position on the Ladies Visiting Committee as she was so seldom able to be present. . Mr. Wright proposed that Lady Brooke be asked to reconsider her decision.- She had been very good to the inmates and it would be a pity if she severed her con- nection with them. Mr. Norman selonderl and the motion was carried. TILE STATE OF THE HOITSE.

1.• Mr. Moseley Williams reported that the condition of the House was most mtisfactory. There were five less inmates than last year. Mr. Dansey, who had seen him that morning, had suggested several alterations to the proposed baths which would involve additional expendi- ture, The matter, however, could be • left over till the next meeting.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
........-+..............

A petition is being prepared praying for the reprieve of Gunner Hudson, of the R.F.A., who was sentenced to de:tth at the last Manchester Assizes for the murder of his comrade, Bombadier Short, at Falwood Bar;acks. The petition is expected to benumerouslyand influenti- ally signed. The execution is fixed for Tuesday next. During a severe thunderstorm at Dawley, Shropshire, on Tuesday night, a schoolboy was killed by lightning and another was badly injured. A young man named Allard, of Bulinghatn, Worcestershire, and several of his, relatives sought refuge in a galvanized shed. The structure was struck by lightning, and Allard was killed. His'uncle was knocked down but uninjured, and hi:, sister was slightly hurt.

NEW BISCUIT.

CRAWFORD'S

SWEET. "RA G LA N" SHORT. RICH.

BISCUITS.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL

Ordinary Monthly Mgating.

The ordinary monthly meeting of the Urban District Council of Newton-in-Makerfleld washeld at the Town Hall Earlestown on Monday evening, Mr. W. Coiling- wood presiding. The minutes of the whole of the Com- mittees held on the 20th of April were confirmed.

THE PROPOSED FREE LIBRARY.

Dr. W. Latham moved the adoption of the Public Libraries Act for the district and commented upon the need of a free library in the neighbourhood. He said ,that the Council could borrow money to build a library in the event of Mr. Carnegie refusing his help, and the repayment of this loan would be more than covered each year by a penny rate. A heated discussion ensued, Mr. Gilmour strenuously opposing the project, on the grounds that the Institute and Library in connection with the London and North Western Railway Wagon Works at Earlestown amply supplied the needs of the District. The motion was eventually rejected. LAMPLIGHTERS' GRIEVANCES.

At a meeting of the Gas Committee, it was reported that the Chairman of the Finance Committee had, as requested, considered the application of the lamp- lighters with respect to wages on certain holidays and as to the provision of overcoats, and that he recom- mended that three overcoats be obtained in accordance with the tenders received, and that the request as to wages be granted. " The recommendation.was approved. TELE YIELD OF WATER. _ _

It was reported at the meeting of the Water Com- mittee that the present estimated yield of water from the boreholes, well and headings, was at the rate of 499,512 gallons per day.

THE DEATH RATE. Dr. Watkins reported that the deaths were at the annual rate of 18-9 per 1,000. The rate for the first quarter of 1902 was 11-3 per 1,000, a very marked in- crease for this year. As regards matters referred to in the report of the Medical Officer of Health, it was resolved (1) that the sewer in High-street be taken up, and all drains connected with it be connected with the main sewer in the middle of the street; (2) that the Surveyor be in- structed to prepare a report as to the provision of public urinals in the district; (3) that the Surveyor and Medical Officer of Health be requested to consider the question of the escape of sewer gas and report thereon to this cOmmittee, the Surveyor to further report as to what is done in other districts with respect to the matter; (4) that the Surveyor be directed to report to this committeeas to the cost of converting. Thompson's Pit into an open-air swimming bath; and (5) that the Surveyor be also directed to prepare a report as to the oost of paving new streets with the following materials and upon the advantages or disadvantages of each material (a) tar paving (b) wood blocks and (c) stone setts.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED RECILEA.TION GROUND.

The Clerk submitted to the General Purposes Com- mittee, form of conveyance by Lord Newton to the Council of 11 acres of land or thereabouts, for use as a recreation ground, which conveyance had been signed by Lord Newton and required sealing by the Council and it was resolved that the same be referred to the Commons Sub-Committee.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
-iiiff-dotIWCIE'§-13-oIiItOWING DIFFICULTIES.

At the meeting of the Finance Committee the chair- man of the committee reported with respect to the Local Government Board's sanction to the borrowinglof the sum of £18,679 for the purposes of the Council's water undertaking, that an application had been made to the Public Works Loan Commissioners for a loan of £13,179 to defray the cost of works which have already been done and are in course of construction, and that the Commissioners were unable to grant a loan on the security stated in the Newton-in-Makerfteld Provisional Order, 1901, until the new provisional order for amend- ing the Council's securities' had been made by the Local Government Board and confirmed by Parliament; that the Commissioners suggested that in-the meantime the Council should obtain a temporary advance to meet their present needs, and that as the Local Government Board had sanctioned such temporary borrowing the clerk and he had made application to Parr's Bank, Ltd., Warrington, who had agreed to advance to the Council the sum of £9,000 on the security of the rates and re- venne of the water urriertaking, to be repaid within six months at the following rate of ihterest, viz. :-4,1 per cent, for the first three months and if the money be required for a further throe months the interest to be at the rate nf 5 per cent. for the latter period; that the clerk and he had—on behalf of the Council—,accepted those terms, and that the loan was advanced and paid to the treasurer on the 31st March last. The Clerk submitted to the committee form of under- taking to be entered into by the Council for the repay- ment of the above-mentioned loan, together with in- terest thereon as above stated.

It was resolved that the action of the chairman of this committee and the clerk be approved and adopted, and that the Council be recommended to affix their common seal to the form of undertaking. This was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

EARLESTOWN FOOTBALL CLUB.

For the football seasonwluch commences in Septem- ber next the committee of the Earlestown club have managed to obtain the sOrvices of all the players who have done dutyduring the past season, the men having signed on again. In addition theyhave secured J. Leach, a brother of the left-winger, and Dawson, of Darwen, who formerly did excellent service for Earlestown.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPI. ARY.

The South West Lancashire Juvenile District Council held its quarterly meeting on Saturday May 2nd at the Temperance Institute, Southport. The D.S.J.T. Bro. E. Newman presided. A large attendance of representa- tives were present, from Earlestown, Ashton, Leigh, Liverpool and Bootle. The D.S.J.T. rcpbrt showed activity all over the district four new branches being opened, and others in hand shortly tc, start. Sister Mrs. Crumblehulme, P.G.S.j.T. of Southport presented, blocks and gavels to various Superintendents who had opened new temples. They had been sent by the National Council for the Temples at Ashton Tyldesley, and Liverpool. The Council decided to take a part in the United Kingdom Alliance Bazaar and also a. chil- dren's demonstration at Liverpool. Bro. Rev. J.A. Lee gave an address urging all to greater interest, in the young. Sister Mrs. Duncan P.D.V.T. gave a report of the Grand Lodge held at Sheffield. The next (juvenile) session is to be held at Liverpool in August, under the auspices of the Pembroke Lodge. Bro. John Parr c,c.T, of Leigh also gave an address. Thanks were tendered to the Southport friends for the arrangements made for the meeting.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISTI CONCERT AT EARLESTOWN.

Under the auspices of the local branch.. of the Irish National League a typical Trish concert was given in the Town Hall, Earlestown on Saturday evening before a large audience. Among the artistes were Mr. William Ludwig (late of. the Carl Rosa Opera Co.), and Miss Florence Ludwig. A feature of the concert was the singing of Miss Lily Foley, who Was attired in an Trish Costume of the 11th Century, and her dancieg;the Trish jigs and reels, roused the audience to the utmost en- thusiasm. Mr. Ludwig was of course the principal figure in the programme, and being in excellent voice his singing was thoroughly enjoyed. His items were "The Trish Reaper's Harvest Hymn," " Fineen the Rover," "Night closed around" (in Gaelic), "Lament for Lord Waterford," "The Munty Mayo" (in Gaelic), "The croppy boy," "Molly Rwn," `Who fears to speak of '98." The other items in the interesting bill of Tare were songs "Na colaraidh amhain alum." "Bioun cuimhue ag furail don," " Gheobhaim aris ar Cruiscin," "Maim" (with jig), and "Barney (Mem" (with jig), by Miss Lily Foley: selections of 'airs on the Irish pipes by Mr. Luke McEvoy. Songs "Rich and rare were the gems she wore," and "The Kerry dance," Miss Florence Ludwig; recitations "Phandrig Crohoore." and "Fontenoy," Mr. Joseph Hennin ; songs "Oh; Erin my Country," and "The Wearing of ithe - Green" (in Gaelic), Mr. James Foye. The singing of "God save Ireland," terminated the concert.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CONSERVATISM.

THE AGGRESSIVENESS OF MR. A. H. GROSFIELD. " Something Will Have to be Done." The Aldermanic Vacancy. —Tories in Revolt.

The annual meeting of the Warrington Conservative Association was held in the Assembly Room at the Conservative Club on Wednesday evening. Sir Gilbert Greenall, bart, presided and the attendance included Mr. Robert Pierpoint, M,P., Aldermen Sutton, Francomb, Smethurst and Hutchinson, Councillers Bennett, Hulse, Forshaw, J. Roberts, and Pemberton, Messrs. W. W, Westwell, A. J. Jolley. H. Isherwood, J. L. Williams, E. Draper, J. Marsh. W. J. Wilson, J. Carruthers, W. Hol- brook (Conservative agent), and Herbert Hayes (secre- tary of the Junior Cou.servative Association.)

===== 0002601_19030508_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS OF APOLOGY.

Letters of apology for non-attendance were read from Vere B. Davies, and Mr. J. White (chairman of the Association). Mr. White wrote that although he had practically recovered from his recent illness, he did not consider it wise to attend a night meeting at present. He regretted very much his enforced absence from the gathering.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ANNUAL REPORT.

Alderman Sureos read the annual report of the Association. The Cotincilstated thattheyhadithe pleasure in the first place of stating that the work connected with the registration of voterswas again duly attended to and resulted in a net Conservative gain of 85 on the Parliamentary register aud 91 on the municipal regis- ter, which it was believed put the party in a still stronger position on both registers than ever. In November there were municipal contests in six out of the nine wards in the borough when „the Non-trading party succeeded in gaining four seats, the number of Unionists in the Town Council being reduced by two. The only regrettable circumstance connected with the result of the elections was the fact that the Corporation and the public ' had been de- prived of the really valuable services of some of the most useful members the Town Council ever had, and their loss had already been much felt. The usual annual meetings of the various Ward committees had been held in accordance with the rules of the Associa- tion. The attendances at these meetings had, however, been very small, and the Council strongly desired to point out that unless greater interest was taken in the proceedings by the captains and members of these com- mittees it would be impossible to nngutain the organiz- ation of the party in a proper state of efficiency. The Conservative Clubs were still in a prosperous condition, and the commitkees of the clubs by their continued efforts to provide social and recreative enjoyments rendered most valuable help to the association in bringing together a continually increasing number 'of members. Theassociation had to lament the loss by death during the past year of several aid and valuable members. It was consequently of the highest import- ance that every member should assist as far as he possibly could to successfully continue the useful work in which the departed members took such a deep interest The Unionist party and thenation suffereda severe loss in the resignation of Lord Salisbury as prime minister but were fortunate in securing the Bight Hon. A. J. Balfour M.P., as his successor, and the Council had every reason to believe, that notwithstanding the severe criticisms of their opponents, the foreign and domestic policy of the present Government was gradually becoming better understood and ap- preciated throughout the country and further that the full confidence which the Conservative party still had in their ability to conduct the affairs of the nation with dignity and honour and for the best interests of its people was being largely shared in by nearly all classes of the community. The report concluded with a refer- ence to the termination of the Boer warand the corona- tion of King Edward VII. _ . .

The Ho. TREASURER (Mr. Councillor Arthur Bennett) stated that theassociation ended the year with a small balance on the right side. He pleaded for more subscribers in eider to make the association's financial position as strong as possible. The CHAIRMAN said he considered the report a most satisfactory one, but he reminded them that there was plenty of work still to bedone. In times of peacethey were all apt to get a little slack, and death having robbed them of some of their old and valued members it was all the more necessary for thoSe who held re- sponsible positions to redouble their energies. He hoped they would continue to be a united party in Warrington, and when the contest came they would re- turn their member by a larger majority than ever. (Applause). He moved the adoption of the report. Alderman FRANCOMB, in seconding the resolution, said he considered their party was in a very flourishing condition. He thought at one time • that 'they were trying to get mita office as soon as they could. The corn tax,however good of it might be,wits a frightful mis- take politically. (Hear, hear.) IT that tax had not been remitted it would have been found one of the principal planks in the Radical platform at the next general election, and would have had a great effect on the working class votes: (Hear, hear.) There was the licensing question too. He considered it was unfair to take ',Away licences without giving compensation. (Applause). The publicans were true to the Conserva- tive party, and if for some fad or other a public-house had to be closed and a man turned out into the street without receiving a penny compensation, it was a very cruel practice mid utterly un-English. In regard to the next election at Warrington, they had get a very good man for an opponentand he was such an excellent friend of Mr. Pierpoint's that to see them atthe same meeting one would almost think that the constituency ought to be divided and each gentleman returned'. (Laughter.) Mr. Crosfield was not neglecting a single opportunityof winning votes. He was for ever on the War-path and if they were not up and doing they would only win by a very short head. He did not think they ought to settle down quietly to that, but they mustputon theirarmour 1 and be prepared so that when they had. to light they I would be in a position to win. (Applause.) He hoped 1 before the next, election came round that Mr. Crosfield Iwould receive a call to some other constituency where he could win a seat. He (Alderman Francomb) would very much like to see him returned but they did not want him to represent Warrington. He hoped they would not have Mr. Crosfield as an opponent because after all he was a Warrington manand if he worked as ihe was doingat present it must tell somewhere. Tt was I only because he did not want to see their . majority 1 decrease that he would like to see Mr. Crosfield I returned for some other town.

Mr. ASHCROFT said something would have to be done or they would lose the seat. They had had miserable ward meetings, having had great difficulty in getting the workers to attend. The member would have to give more time to visiting the constituency than he had done.

The report was adopted. Alderman HUTCHINSON proposed, and Councillor W. J. FORSHA.W seconded, a vote of thanks to the officers which was heartily accorded.

ELECTION OF OFFICERS. ALDERMAN SMETHURST AND MR. A. H. CROSFIELD. ^ THE ALDERMANIC VACANCY.

Councillor JOHN ROBERTS proposed the re-election of Sir Gilbert Greene.ll as president, and said that if the members would support the President loyally he did not think they need have any fear as to the result of the next election. Alderman SMETHURST seconded, and'referred to the energy displayed by Mr.. fCrosfield. He was present at almost every meeting in the town, including those organized by the iron-workers, and he (the speaker) had heard of him sending baskets of flowers ,and attending tea-parties. (Laughter.) He hoped all present would do their best for the Conservative causes

The resolution was unanimously agreed to, and in returning thanks Sir GILBERT GREENALL said he might have been a little bit slack in the past, but he promised them that he would "buck-up" this time; and he knee the ward captains would do the same. It was no use going there to blame one another mid to say that the Radicals were going to get the better of them. They never would and they could not possibly do so if the Conservatives all worked together. (Applause).

,- - - ; Alderman T. H. SUTTON. was re-eleke'd hon. secretary and Councillor A. Bennett hon. treasurer. Councillor BENNErr expressed the hope that in future the financial burden would be more equally borne bythe whole ,-%f the members._

HULSE proposed that the following gentlemeu constitute the Council :—Messrs, R. W. Reynolds, F. I Tinsley, W. H, Stanslleld, Robert Isherwood, John Peers, J. R. Illease. Frank Turner. W. H. J. Jenkins, , Henry Isherwood, W. Carson, W. Silcock, T. Wood, W. Atherton. Dewhurft, G. E. Tnrley, E. Draper. W. , Dooley, J. Monro, Sear Owen, and Roger C. Parr. He said therewas no doubt that the gentlemen in Bewsey- street were ming all the lubrication they possibly could to win the nest election. but he was sure that if the • Conservatives combined loyally they would be Access- ful. , Mr. J. W. ARMSTRONG seconded.

Mr. .1. L. WILLIAMS, in supporting. referred to the aldermanic vacancy in the Council. The compact was dead and he asked that the honour might he conferred upon a tnember of their party. He thought the man who was most fitted to occupy the Position was the hon. treasurer. Councillor Bennett. (Applause.) Alderman Surrox said they had a meeting the other night and a resolution was put as to whether, supposing thertgreement which was referred to at the last annual meeting and pointedly referred to by some gentlemen who were now members of the Corporation was done away with, the conservative members of the Council would be prepared to support the Conservative candi- date. All present, with the exception of two, voted for the motion. Those two gentlemen professed to he Con- servatives and were first a foremost to make a clamour about the queAtiim of the agreement.. He should say that in honour th'themselves as professedly good Con- fervatives those raembers could not resist giving their votes in favour of the Conservative candidate.

Mr. C.k.RRUTFIERS thought Mr. Williams was out of order in introducing the matter. It would take them all their time to keep their position and return a Con- servative member to Parliament, and he thought they could leave the Town Council to mind itself until the November elections.

Alderman SUTTON said a discussion on the question was allowed at the last meeting and a resolution was passed to the effect that the agreement should be done away with and every Conservative member was expected to vote for the Conservative candidate. He thought it was the least they could expect that gentlemen who pro- fessed to be Conservatives should vote for the Con- servative candidate.

Councillor PEMBERTON:. Do you assert that every member of the Conservative party in the Town Council pledged himself to you to vote for a Conservative Councillor.

Alderman SUTTON: I said everyone present at the meeting the other night except two, and you are one. Coimcillor PEMBERTON : I put it to you now as I put it to you then. I want to thoroughly understand the position. Is every Conservative going to vote for a Conservative to fill the next vacancy? This is most important because it happens that at this moment according to the agreement of seniority. Councillor Bennett, who is a Conservative, is the senior councillor. Supposing the seniorlcouncillor was a Rideral would you vote for him? Alderman SurroN : No, we are not pledged.

Councillor PEMBERTON :Didn't seveial niembers say the other night that they were not going to be pledged? Alderman SUTTON : No. I didn't hear them.

Councillor PENIBERTON : There are members in this room who did say as. Until it is unanimous, it is very unfair for you to make the remarks you have made. There are aldermen present who said they would not pledge themselves to always vote for a Conservative. How do you dare to get up and say that other people must be tied when older members won't be. It is grossly unfair. I don't think it is right for you to put me or any other person in the invidious position that _you have done. Alderman SUTTON: I have answered the question honestly and I maintain that no member who comes to these meetings and calls himself a Tory should vote against his own party. (Applause.) I say you have made more clamour aboutthis agreement than anybody else. You have called it an improper thing for any Con- servativeto be a party to, and yet you come here to- night. You won't tell us straighly and plainly what you are going to do, whether you are going to stand by the resolution which was proposed the other night and vote accordingly .because you my depend upon it that the Liberal party Will do so, and therefore I maintain that if you cannot come here as a Tory and give us your Tory support you are not worth having. (Applause.). Councillor PEMBERTON : Mr. Chairman (cries of "Order ") I maintain that up to now I had never voted for a Liberal and you (Alderman Sutton) have. Under the agreement you have voted for a Liberal alderman. Never in my life have I voted for a Liberal but you .have done and I think it is grossly unfair for you to put me in the position that you are trying to put me in and I say omphatically that unless every Conservative member of the Council is going to pledge himself to vote for Conservatives Tam not going to pledge myself. Councillor Joas RoßEirrs said that having had some- thing to do with the arrangement being broken through it did not mean that he was going to be loyal to his party. (Hear, hear.) He did not vote against the compact with the motive of voting for a Liberal as to Alderman or a Councillor.

The motion was then agreed to. HARD ON MR. PIERPOINT.

Councillor ROGER.i proposed that Aldernim Fran- comb and Councillor Bennett be elected delegates to the National Union.

Mr. JOSEPH MARSH seconded. The question had been asked, he said, "are we represented?" If Mr. Perpoint wished to hold the seat they would have to see him more frequently amongst them. (Hear, hear.) He would also like to see Mr. Pierpoint's name figuring in the Parliamentary debates. When Mr. Peter Rylands was member for the Borough he brought points forward which made the name of Warrington famous. He hoped that now Mr. Pierpoint had been restored to kealth they would see him taking part in the debates. (Hear, hear.) Mr. R. PIERPom, M.P., said as he had listened to some of the speeches that evening he was reminded of the time when he had the honour to be the Chairman of the Association and when he had perhaps once or twice to say something very disagreeable about the working of the Association. I appeared to him that the things which he said 'so many years ago had in some degree come to roost on his shoulders—(laughter) —and he found himself in the unusual- position of being somewhat scolded by the workers of the party. (" Oh ! no.") He would remind the honotirs.ble mem- ber who said he would like to see his (Mr. Pierpoint's) name as addressing the house that if he searched the files'of the"Times"he would not find his(Mr. Pierpoint's) name altogether wanting. (Hear, hear.)- He would also remind him that when a member of Parliament was on the Government side of the house his party did not desire him to talk very much. Perhaps that was not quite intalligible but it was nevertheless a fact. It was when a member was in opposition that one's party desired him to talk. (Hear, hear.) He was sure that the "lectures " which he had listened to were said in good humour and he was certain they would allow him to plead in excuse for not attending the meeting in Parr Hall his ill-health at the time. (Hear, hear.) He was absolutelS, a prisoner, scarcely able to get out and absolutely forbidden by the doctors to make the slightest effort to attend the meeting. After that he went abroad for his health. (Hear, hear.) Referring to the comments which had been made with reference to the energy displayed by Mr.' A. H. Crostield ho reminded his supporters that he had the honour as well as the labour of being in the House of Commons. Con- sequently, when in the House of Commons, lie could not be addressing his constituents at Warrington. His friend and political opponent had not that honour, and could therefore spend his time attending tea parties and other such social gatherings and making presentations of flowers as had been mentioned. (Laughter and "Hear hear.") He congratulated Mr. Crosfield upon his tea parties—(laughter)—but he did not pretend neither did he- desire to sit in the House of Commons on a seat of flowers or tea parties. (Applause.) "If you as hard-headed men," exclaimed the speaker "think me a man clever enough, wise and faithful enough to represent my town in the House of Commons then return me, but do not return me on any other ground." (Applause.) Mr. Pierpoint went on to speak of what Mr. Chamberlain and Lord Milner have done towards the pacification of South Africa, and the friendship displayed towards this country by Prance, which had been increased by the visit of his Majesty the Ring. He considered the Government made a mistake in joining with Germany over the Venezuelan affair, and spoke with satisfaction of the refusal to in any way render assistance in the Bagdad railway project. in conclusion, the speaker referred to the loss the GoYern- mentand the country had sustained in the death of Mr. Hanbury, whose motto was that "Government rules have got to be interpreted according to common-sense." The meeting concluded with an acknoviledgment of the Chairman's services. .

===== 0002601_19030508_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
South Lancashire Tramway Bill.

A Committee of the House of -Commons on Wednes- day, found the preamble. of the South Lancashire Tramways Bill proved. They granted the extension of time asked for, and agreed to amend the Act of 1900 with reference to running powers in St. Helens. Their decision was that the 'promoters should have running powers during the period that the tramway,s in St. Helens were leased to a company, but that they should only be used for passenger and light parcels traffic.

liorthwich and Warrindton Light Railway. On Wednesday the Board of Trade order was re- ceived confirminp. the Warring-NI atid Northwich Light Railway. The order includes the alterations sought for by the Northwich Council, guarding against damage from subsidence, paving for navigation, road- widening, &e. The Warrington Corporation's length of the railway has already been sanctioned, so that there is now nothing to prevent- the carrying out of the project, which is expected to open up a consider- able agricultural district. Sale of Work.

A sale of work was held in connection with Bold- street Busy Bee in the Wesleyan Schoolroom, Bold-street, on Friday, and was attended with success. It was opened by the President, Mrs. Carnson, who, in a few well-chosen words, explained the object of the sale, namely, to raise funds for the support of the little Indian girl, "Annie Philips," of Royapettah, Madras. The room was charmingly decorated, and during the afternoon Miss Purr paid a visit to the sale and made some purchases. The stallholders. were as follows :--Sewing stall, 'Miss Gill, Miss Ashdown, assisted by the Busy Bees; flower stall, Miss Ethel Robinson and Miss Ilinston ; toffee stall, Miss Maribn Weaver and Miss .1;1-awes Parkinson ; refreshment stall and tea room, Miss Barlow, Airs. W. Silcock, Miss Holt, Miss F. Wilson, and a staff of young lady helpers A palmist was in attendance during the evening, and did a brisk business, with those anxious to have their characters read. Avery attractiVe programme Of vocal and instrumental music was rendered, and two recita- tions given by Miss Amy Pigot ' • songs by M iss Carrie Hastings, Miss F. Wilson, Miss M. Collin, and Mr. T. Hatch ; instrumental music by the Misses Weaver and Parkins-9n, and Miss Camson,.who also kindly played the accompaniments: The proceeds of the sale. amounted to about 00. •

PCBLIC BENEFIT, UNnEtt, the CLOCK for BEST BOOTS in L ANC A.SH ME.—Advt. A GOOD RESOLCT lON.—Wea ALP T A Thoß's Wonderful Boots.—Advt.

FOR CLAS.4 AND CHINA of every description try .1. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 33, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED BRANCH LIBRARIES AT ALDERMANIC ELECTION. WARRINGTON. ; Councillor Dodcis—Attacks the Valuable Suggestions by Councillor ' Agreement. Upson.

Councillor UPSON introduced the motion at the meet- ing of the Warrington Town Council on Teesday even- ing requesting the Museum Committee to consider and report, on the advisability of establishing branch cir- culating libraries in different parts of the Borough. In moving the motion . which stood in his name, Councillor Upson observed that he did not think it would be a contentious motion. The time had coate,he said, when attention should be called to the fact that, the usefulness of the library might be very largely ex- tended. Warrington had grown very rapidly and was spreading out its arms in all directions so that many parts of the Borough were a considerable distance from the library. He maintained that it was too much to expect that a man after a hard day's work should walk 11 miles in order to change a book. The Corporation ought to bring within easy reach of every man in the Borough the books of the library. (Hear, hear.) The best way to do that was to establish branch libraries on the outskirts of the Borough. In the present state of the rates and ttte Borough indebtedness it was perfectly hopeless to advocate the idea of erect- ing branch library buildings. The cost of such libraries was very largely in the site and building. The cost of maintenance would be very light. The fmestion arose whether there were not buildings in existence which might be used for the purpose. Under the new Educa- tion Act the Corporation had control of the schools in the Borough and could if they wished use the schools for three nights a week. He did not knowwhether it would not be straining the provisions of the Act to use the schools /IS branch libraries on certain nights of the week but he fancied the managers would not object to lend their schools for the purpose for a small rent. He would suggest that four schools be taken situated in the north, south, east, mad west Of the town. A cupboard should be placed in each of these schools c able of accommodatina. 500 to 1,000 books. The responsible person alloteeto the " work would be glad to earn a little extra salary bv attend- ing at night to change the books, and he would suggest that the branch library be opened three nights a week. If a book that was wanted was not at the distributing centre, the clerk would take a note of it and get it . from the central library ready for the next time it was " open. By that means they might very easily extend the usefulness of the library. (Hear, hear.)Alderman Monks objected to the proposal to establish bowling greens on the ground that the mover of the reso- lution had not brought an estimate of the probable cost. He (Councillor Upson) had worked ' this matter out,and he throught these branch circulating libraries might be established' very economically. If theypaid t:10 a year for each school as rent, £l5 for a cupboard and £25 for a clerk, and c..:50 for new books, they would get an outside estimate of £lOO for each distributing centre. After the first year there would be no charge for a cupboard and is less sum for new books, so that he considered £3OO would be an outside estimate for four distributing centres. For this expendi- ture the ratepayers would get a tremendous amount of enjoyment and good. He did not ,know that this scheme had been adopted any- where else. We were charged with being a sleepy town. He thought they should have the credit of being the pioneers In England in this method of extending the usefulness of the library by economically using the schools as book distributiug centres.The charge was often made against workingmen that they, spent more time then was good for their health and pockets in certain places. He did not blame them. He thought they as a Corporation ought to give thema chance of goinc, to those places where they could enlarge and instruct minds. The idea might be enlarged by the committee taking a classroom and equipping it as a reading room and making it a place where papers could be consulted and a pleasant hour spent by men who were driven out of their homes by domestic arrangements. (Hear, hear,) Councillor DODDS seconded the resolution. Forty years ago, he said, he was himself seeretaryof a branch library, not in a to wn,but in a large parish where tliey had decided to lend part of the books to the smaller schools within a radius of three miles. Not only was the library-lan advantage to the community but he (Coun- cillor Dodds) gained many advantages himself by read- ing the books while acting as assistant librarian. He thought the suggestion of Councillor Upson an admirable one.

--- Alderman SurroN whilst symplthising with the views of Councillor Upson thought there were many diffi- culties in the way of establishing branch circul ding libraries. In the first place the expense would be very much greater than Councillor Upson imagined. He thought the cost had been under-estimated as £3oa year would not represent the cost of each branch library. Councillor UPSON : I said £lOO.

Alderman SUTTON: I don't think that would repre- sent the cost. Continuing he said there would be applications for increase of salarieS applications for a larger number of books and other matters which would make the expenditure .involved a very serious matter indeed. ,With reference to the library he asked whether there wah one workingman who did not go into the town at least once a week. He (Aldermln Sutton) did not think borrowers of books wouli bo satisfied with the sele,ltion of so few books as would be found at the branch libraries. The matter ought to be fully con- sidered and a report presented before any steps were taken.

The MAYOR pointed not that the motion of Council- lor Upson only went so far as to request the Museum Committee to consider and report on the advisability of establishing, branch circulating libraries. Alderman MONKS said the Museum Committee would be very glad of the opportunity of considering this matter and reporting to the Council. He only wanted toy this, that there was not the same reason for having branch libraries in Warrington as there w'as in many towns because the area in proportion to population was less than any other town in Lancashire or Yorkshire. He did not think 11- miles was very far to travel, especially as many had to come into town every week. The matter had been before the committee and discussed informally but no harm would be done in considering the matter again. _

—Councillor-BEsxgrr observed that, the zeal for reading vias usually not so great as to Induce a person to walk 11 miles in order to change a book. Many would walk any distance to cheer a football team, and there were others who were extremely fond of-billiards, hut he did not think they had the sameenthusiasni. for at good book. He was afraid the literature wanted by many people was sporting papers. (Laughter.)- Nevertheless the members of the Council ought to do all they could to encourage the people to read. Councillor. Upson was not only a progressive, but also a practical member of the Council. Conncillor Upson had brought forward a scheme which bore evidence of having been well thought out. He (Councillor Bennett) would like Warrington to be identified with this innovation of establishing branch' libraries at the schools. Warring. 'ton, as many of Ahem knew, was the first town in the coustry to establish a rate supported library and he ! would like them to be the first to establish branch libraries at schools. He thought the suggestion of Councillor Upson would meet a difficulty. (Hear, hear). , Councillor PEMBEirro\c thought -the suggestion with reference to establishing branch reading .rooms would be very much appreciated by workingmen. To-day we had cheap pipers and plenty of them but there was no doubt that there were manyworkingmen who could not afford to buy them. He knew from personal experience many years ago, when he (Councillor Pemberton) was a. workingman, that a branch library and rending room were of great advantage to him. Councillor UPsox, in reply, did not, think that Alder- man Sutton's argument about the expense was a very serious one. He thought he had considered thequestion of cost all round and he did not believe that. the cost would be £lOO per annum for each centre. As to the argument of distance he contended that it was a very long way indeed for anyone to have to walk front the top end of Winwick-road, kuntsford-road, Manches- ter-road on a bitter winter's night. People had often told him that they were anxiously awaiting the estab- lishment of branch libraries,and he thought they ought to provide the opportunity for people to secure a change of reading. 'it was not necessary to fit out these branch libraries with fiction. ,The probability wasthat if a man came into the branch library and saw on the. shelf books of travel, biography and poetry he might take them and thus acquire a taste for good literature At any rate if he preferred fiction and would make his request known, the book he desired could be obtained on the following night. (Hear, hear.) • The resolution was then carried. •

I The agenda for the Warrington Town Council I meeting on Tuesday evening contained the following motion in the name of Councillor Dodds :—" That in all future elections of aldermen the members of the Council shall not be bound byaayagreement which they • may have signed to observe the rule as to seniority, but each member shall be unfettered and may vote for ! anyone he pleases." • before the resolution was proposed, Alderman Surrox said he had not the slightest wish to rmt any difficulties / in the way of Councillor Dodds bringing the motion, but he respectfully submitted that it was ont of order and ' inadmissible for the reason that the Council never had anything to do with the agreement and there was nothing on the minutes of the Council respectinf, it. -It was • entirely a private agreement between individual mem- bers of the Council, and he maintained that every member who signed that agreement was perfectly free to withdraw his name from it, and was not in any way bound by it. Councillor DODDS said he was going to make some • similar suggestion. So \!ar as he understood,all the members felt that they w re perfectly at liberty to vote as they liked. If that was understood he was satisfied. Alderinan SUTTON; So far as the 'resolution is con- cerned I am quite indifferent. I Councillor DODDS: I will move it as a matter of ' form.

Councillor PEMBefrroN seconded. - Alderman SUTTON still argued that the. motion was out of order.

Councillor DODDS said he joined issue with the Alder- man. He simplypat the motion down as an expressiOii. of opipion, which he was quite entitled to do. The MA.YOR: My view is that the resolution wilt leave the matter where it finds it. Councillor PEMBERTON said there were members who would still believe in the agreement unless it was broken. How was it that the officials of the Corporation putthe agreement before members of the Council when they were elected, if it was no part of the Corporation pro- ceedings. The resolution ought to be passed and there ought to be no opposition if it was as Alderman. Sutton said.

Alderman Strrrox maintained that it was out of order and against the rules and standing orders of the Corpora- tion. The resolution was an arrangement between the two parties. • Councillor TINNION: No it =snot. Alderinan Scrros: BAween ialividual Members of the Council.

Councillor TINNION : Yes. He went on to say that in answer to the first question by Councillor Pember- ton, the Town Clerk said it was an I..greement between_ the two political parties. That was not so. The leaders of the parties were then the leaders of the Council. They had a political atmosphere in the Council, and the leaders there, without consulting their parties aft side made the agreement. Alderman Sutton was one anclAir. Henry Roberts'another, and they brought this agreement forward with the intention of removing the very serious differences in the Council. He (Councillor Tinnion) hacl been accused :repeatedly of preaching the doctrine: "Once an Alderman, always an Alderman," but he had never preached such a doctrine. SO long as their signatures remained attached- to that agreement political feeling ran high, and it was thought desirable to get rid of it so far as possible. He did not hesitate to say that there were men returned to the Council who beat men in a political fight who would have made much better councillors.' Probably if he had known as much about the agreement as he did now he might. not have supported ib. It had, however, done good. Those of them who remembered the incrimi- nations at that time 'n'euld be glad to see the much happier way business was conducted now. He should not vote for the resolution nor allow Councillor Dodds to provide a bridge for him. When he found he could not conscientiously net according to the agree- ment he would give notice to the Town Clerk to with- draw his name. He thought it was altogether unneces- sary, though very kind, 01 Councillor Dodds to provide this means. Thc more straightforward way was to. agree with Mr. Dodds mod give notice to the Town Clerk repudiating the agreement. There were men in the Council—himself among them—who were seriously considering their position. They were so wilfully mis- understood that it was not worth while giving the best of their brain and time in the service of the town.

The TOWN CLERK: I am obliged to Councillor Tinnion tor calling myattention to the slight mistake I made. Ti, would have been better if j had said "leaders of the Council."

Councillor Dorms : After Councillor Tinnion's sp,lech I must insist on a vote being taken. He had said tho agreement did not mean "Once an alderman always art alderman." If the word '.re-election "in the agreement: did not mean that they were to vote for them for ever he did not understand the English language. Councillor TINNION : Tt, does not, mean thatt to me.

Councillor Donn It might be-heT;:a..s. not alluding to any present aldermln—though something serious might be alleged against one of these gentlemen whom they were to elect for ever. Yet such men could still coma and claim to be elected aldermen.

Councillor TINNION : Nothing of the sort. I cai give notice at any time and the agreement would not be binding. • Councillor DODDS said, in regard to new members signing the agreement, he knew something of party— working in other towns. They got these weak men in for their :strong wards. They got men who might be dummies, and yet these men were certain, under such an agreement, to be aldermen eventually. He alluded to Councillor Pierpoint as an instance. He wasa strong man who would probably win any ward four times out of five and the fifth time he might be defeated. Con- sequently he would never be an. alderman. and yet he might be the ablest man in the Council. These were his strong objections to theagreement,and he asked for a vote to be taken.

The Tows CLERK: Neither the agreement nor the resolution had any legal effect or meaning. It wasa matter of consciencefor each individual member con- cerned. A member might vote in any way he pleased- The motion was then put to the vote. For it there voted : Councillor Bennett, Hulse, Barton, Forshaw, Brophy, John Roberts, Dodds, Lard, Pemberton, and Upson. Councillor Tinnion alone voted against, Alderman Surros and Councillor JAMES EVANS remarking that they were quite indifferent.l The resolution was therefore carried.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

E A.R.LESTO N V. M ANCH ESTER CI. FFORD.—At Manchester on Saturday last. Score :

MANCHESTER CLIFFORD. EARLESEOWN. P. Turner c Husband b G. Husband c Hit b Howarth F. Heald b Howarth 3 T. Marsh not out E,Clapham c Emmett b .T. Miller not out

Ration B. Wilson b Howarth H. Henshaw c Miller b Bates 25 A. E. Nall c Husband b

Bates S. Moore run out l6 B. L. Williams st Beard- shnw c Bates H. M. Dunsmuir c Miller b Husband 6 Bromley c Beardshaw

h Bates - J. E. Hunt not out 0 Extras

• Total 9g Total for 1 wkt ii At five o'clock a heavy shower came otiand further play became impossible. The match was thereupon abandoned as a draw.

UNDER YOUR FOOT you want good Boots. Wear At. TAY LOR'S well-known Boots.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, - ,4

===== 0002601_19030508_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
St. John's Church, Earlestown.

The annual special services in aid of the Sunday schools wereheld in St. John's Church, Earlestown, oa Sunday. At each of the services there were large con- gregations,and eloquent sermons were preached by the Rev. A. Amley, the newly-appointed curate,his style of delivery being much admired. Special hymns were sung by the children and choir, and thecollectious through— out the day, amounted to about £2O.

ORICICBT BATS, all cane handles. men's, 3s 6d eacti. Stock solled.-786, OLD KIM' ROAD. London.

WANTBD LINTS OHICKIiINS, three to five month. at for fattening.—REYNoLDS. Mosey Hall Farm, Thel- wall, Warrington.

WANTRD. at once, 41131111ULL SIiRVANT ; light situa- tion ; reference required.—Apply 37, ARBOUR STREET. Southport.

WANTRO. a superior General SIiIiVA.NT, good home. —Pipply Km BRAMWELL, Confectioner, Liverpool road, Penworthain. near Preston.

OfiG SPRING HAWKIIRS-CART, new cost £l5; will ..JLI sell cheap; also pair of hansom wheels, bargain.— Apply Wfixtalt BRAMWELL. Grocer, LiTerpool road. Pen- wortham, near Preston.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWN'S

CHLORODYNE.

INVALUABLE FOR

COUGHS, COLDS, BRO NC EIITIS,

AsTamA, NEURA:AIA,

AND ALL KINDRED AILMENTS.

This old and trie 1 remedy has stood lthe teat of two generations.

REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE : the ORIGINAL cm be bad of ALL CHEMISTS if ym let it be seen that you are not weak enough to accept an imitation.

!SPECTACLES

RUIN THB SIGHT t t t WHEN INCORRECTLY ADAPTED.

BEFORE WEARING GLASSES, CALL AT . MR. NBUBERT'S BSTABLISHAiIiNT V HERE YOUR SIGHT WILL BE CAREFULLY TESTED.

Arm ALL ADVICE GIVEN. FREE OF CHARGE.

GLASSES ORDEXED ONLY WREN NECESSARY. ISPROTACLES AT MODKRATR PILICRS.t SEE TEBTISIONIALS.

F. A. NEUBERT, P .S. .C. CONSULTING OPTICIAN. EYESIGHT TESTING ROM's.

72, SANKIM srnsin, wArttamw,m. AND la SOlO TMP IT,

===== 0002601_19030508_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19030508_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
_ _ _ .

__ -- -- -

Pkr] Of Jo} Ov,

trf, in;

===== 0002601_19030508_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT TO ALL.

Every person's future is, to a certain extent, in his own hand. Many a future which might have been brilli- ant has been darkened by lack of the spirit of self-help. Many a home, which might have been gladdened by life and health, and comfort, has been saddened by poverty, illness, and death, in many cases wholly preventible. The spring and summer months are, from a sanitary point of view, among the most important of the year. Due care may now mean a healthy and happy summer and autumn, and robust constitution to meet the trials of next winter. Neglect may now mean a joyless summer, a trying autumn, and a broken constitution to succumb under the attacks of any exceptional trial. There are, indeed, few that do not feel the system needs recruiting after the trying winter they have passed through. With some it is" only a little cough," with others, "a tendency to bronchitis," with others "not quite up to the mark," "a sort of all-over sinking feeling," "to weak to do anything about the house," "these recurring headaches,"" no appetite for my food," etc. These antra, dozen others are common expressions, which all point to the urgent need of:some good tonic. What change of air can do for you in a few months time—if you are no worse than you are now—a course of some good tonic mixture, a reliable medicine of established reputation and of proved virtue will do now. There are several tonic 'mixtures to be had, but none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegitable Tonic. It has never been known to fail; send for a pamphlet of testimonials, and read the voluntary testimony herein contained. Then get Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, which will prove to be your best self-help. We h tve no sympathy with those geople who always corn- lain of being ill and iniserable and out of sorts, when a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters would soon set them right. Sold in bottles, 2s. 9d.and 4s. 6d. each by all chemists and patent medicine vendors, or direct from the proprietors: The Quinine Bitters Manufactur- ing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales, carriage free by parcel post. Beware of imitations. See the name of" Gwilym Evans" on label, stamp, and bottle; and refuse any preparation offered as a substitute for

===== 0002601_19030508_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

THE BEST REMEDY OF THE AGE FOR WEAK- NESS, Nervousness, Indigestion, Sleeplessness, Depres- sion of Spirits, Impure Blood, Chest Affections, Influenza If only given a fair trial, GMLYM EVAN S' QUININE BITTERS always affords great relief to those who suffer from these complaints.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

FACTORY ACT PROSECUTIONS AT WARRINGTON. At the Warrington Police Court on Friday, before Mr H. Roberts and other magistrates, the Whitecross Com- pany, Ltd., were summoned for employing five young persons beyond the hours required by the Factory Acts. —Major Roe, Chief Factory Inspector for the district, prosecuted and said the boys were working at 6-50 p.m. on April 7th, whereas they should have left work at 6 o'clock. On February 27th the Company were con- victed a similar offence.—Mr. Steel appeared for the Company and said the work was let to employees on contract and the boys were employed by work men and not directly by the firm. Recently a man had been employed by the company to stand at the entrance of the works and prevent boys from going in after working hours. On the date in question the man had been called away to work at a galvanizing vat. The directors had determined that the manager of the department must pay the penalty in- flicted, and he therefore asked the Bench to take a lenient view of the offence. The magistrates imposed a fine of 20s. and cost in each case—The United Velvet Cutters Association Limited; were summoned for work_ ing a girl named Alice Green, 16 years of age. during the dinner hour on March 10th—Mr • Steel defended —lnspector Eatock stated that he visited the defendants' workshop in Bostock- street at 12.40 on the morning in question. The dinnenhour was from 12 to one o'clock, but the girl Green was working.—Evidence was given by the girl who stated that the foreman had to go an errand so he left the key of the workshop with her and told ber to close the place at 12.30. He did not know she was going to work during the dinner hour.—Mr. Steel stated that a notice was displayed in the workshop forbidding employes to work during meal times. The Associa- tion was not responsible for the breach of the Act and he asked the Bench to grant a summons against the foreman and make him bear the penalty.—The Bench refused to adopt this course and fined the defendants in the costs.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Minor Cases.

Warrington Borough Police Court.

• #RlDAY.—Before Mr. H. Roberts (in the chair), Alder- men Smethurst and Monks, Councillor John Roberts, Messrs. Hepherd, Thornton, and Young. OBSCE.NELANGUA.GE.—For making use of obscene language in St. Mary-street to the 'annoyance of resi- dents on April 28th, Ellen Bickerstaffe, 5, St. Mary- street, was on the information of Edward Ellis, 22, St. Mary-street, fined in the coats.—Mr. Browne appeared for the complainant. MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (in the chair), Alder- men Sutton and Smethurst, Councillor W. Pierpoint, and Messrs. Geddes, Birchall, Charles White, W. Hay- ward, Henry Thornton, S. Wright, and Dr. Fox. SUNDAY GAMBLING.—WiIIiam Stokes, 26, Leicester- street, and William Steele, 62. Aiken-street, were sum- moned for playing pitch and toss at the rear of Aikin- street, on Sunday, April 26th.—P.C. Gibbs stated that on the afternoon in question he and P.C. Muskett watched the defendants and four others playing pitch and toss for money. They saw the constables and ran away. Witness caught Steele, and got the name of Stokes from him.—Defendants were each fined ss.

FIGHTING.—WiIIiam Riley. 1, Brown's-yard, and William Woods, 1, Brown's-yard, hawkers, were bound over to keep the peace and ordered to pay costs for haVing committed a breach of the peace by fighting in Winwick-street on April 25th.—P.S. Barnett proved the case.

T- ROUBLESOME BOYS.—Three boys named Henry Chad- wick, 5, Dial-court; John Higham, 4, Bay Horse-yard; and Henry Bate, 5, Arnold's-yard, were summoned for making loud and unseemly noises in the Market Hall on 14th April.—P.C. Clough said the boys were shout- ing and jumping and swinging on the stalls.—lnspector Place said very much,damagewas done in the Market by that kind of conduct, and it was becoming a perfect nuisance.—Mr Birchall suggested putting a notice board up, and the Chief Constable remarked that offenders would" improve the case by pulling it down." (Laugh- ter.)—The Chairman thought the marketcould be railed. —Defendants were lined ss. each. \ CRUELTY TO A HORSE.—William George Scragg, Oaklandeye Farm, Thelwell, was summoned for illtreat- ing a horse by causing it to be worked while in an unfit state on• April 21st—P.C. Heap stated that he was in company with P.C.Hayes, and saw the animal attached to a milk cart. As it appeared to be very lame they stopped it and found it very weak on the off fore leg. Tt was subsequently examined by Inspector Print, who found it lame on both forelegs and on the near hind one. —A fine of 10s.was imposed. LODGERS ROBBED.—Honry Caffney, was charged with 'stealing a. watch and chainand medal, a pair of boots, two pairs of socks and a singlet, of the value of £1 10s. 6d from the lodging-house of Mary Conway,Union- street.—The Chief Constable stated that there were several men staying in the lodging-house on the night of the theft, and prisoner went to bed, when the others had already retired. The next morning Caney left the house before the others got up and several lodgers missed the articles named. Detectives Forster and Meacocke traced the prisoner to Preston Brook, where he was trying to dispose of the stolen articles at farms and public-houses. They lost trace of him, however,but subsequently struck another clue and he was arrested at Cheadle in Staffordshire on Friday. He was brought to Warrington and was wearing the boots and a pair of the stolen socks. He had disposed of the other articles at Mumma and other plaoes.—He had been 13 times con- victed, and was an inveterate, lodging-house thief.— Prisoner was sent to gaol for three months with hard labour.

....r-I3E-S-D-AY.—Before Aldermen Sutton (in the chair) and

Hutchinson and Dr. Fosx.

A REFRACTORY PAUPER.—Williaril Finch an inmate of the Union Workhouse was charged with refusing to perform the task of work allotted to him that morning. —John Constable, the porter, said the prisoner was ordered to break stones that Morning, but refused, say- ing that "he would not do it for anybody." He said he would rather break stones in prison than at the Work-

===== 0002601_19030508_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Z. 100

We could afford to pay Jloo for a dissatisfied buyer of Fels-

Napna.

Doubtful whether there ever was a dissatisfied buyer, in the

strict sense.

We return the money, and then She didn't follow instruc-

Inquire.

tions.

Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C

house. He had been in the Workhouse for years off and on.—Prisoner said that because he refused to unload some sods at dinner time on Monday he was put to break stones that morning, and he could not see to do that work.—Theporter stated that the doctor pronounced prisoner quite fit for the work.—There were previous convictions against him for similar offences and he was sentenoed to a month's imprisonment. ARRESTED ON SUSPICION.—John MacDonald, last from Manchester, was charged with using obscene languase in Howley-lane the previous evening and with being in possession of a tin of corned beef supposed to have been stolen.—The Chief Constable, in asking for a remand for a week to find an owner for the beef,said the prisoner was going from door to door and shop to shop in Howley-lane trying to sell the beef, and making use of disgusting language to people who refused to pur- chase it. He now professed to know nothing about the beef.—The remand was granted. ARREARS OF MAINTENANCE.—WiIIiam O'Connor, Bank-street, was charged on a warrant with arrears of maintenance due to his wife amounting with the costs, to £l5 9s. 6d. Prisoner said he had not been at work, and had been unable to pay the money.—Mrs. O'Connor said the order was made in February, but her husband had only given her 12s, shice that time. He had previ- ously been sent to gaol far a month for non-payment.— The Chief Constable said that prisoner was apprehended in a public-house and had Gs. 9d. in his possession. He was a cabinet maker by trade in the district, but was too fond of discussing local politics in public-houses.— Alderman Sutton said the case was a bad one and prisoner would have to go to gaol for two months un- less the money was paid.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Earlestown Occasional Court.

DRUNK AND DiSORDERLY.—Before Mr. J. W.Emmett on Monday, Thomas Riley and Joseph Vance, labourers, of Burtonwood, were charged with being drunk and disorderly at Earlestown on Saturday. P.C. Hughes supported the charge and both men were fined 2.5. 6d. and costs each.

THEFT OF A SHAWL.—Riottard Dobson, of no fixed residence, was4charged with stealing a shawl from the shop of Mr. Jones, pawnbroker, Market-street, Earles- town, on Saturday, of the value of 5s.—P.C. Mellor s tated that on Saturday afternoon he met the prisoner in Market-street, carrying something bulky under his j acket. Witness stopped him and asked him what he had under his arm, but not receiving a satisfactory ex- planation he was taken to the police station and in- quiries were made. Mr. Henry Hockenhull, manager for Mr. Jones, stated that the shawl was safe in the shop on Saturday morning rend he identified it as his pro- perty. Inspector Foster in asking for a remand, stated that the prisoner was an old thief and had a large number of previous convictions, twelve of which were for felony. Prisoner was remanded until Thursday to the Warrington County Police Court.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAMPION ARMY CLOG DANCER.

A Lancashire Man's Feat.

There are few better known clog dancers in Lancashire than Mr. Hugh Sloan, with wham a Press representa- tive recently had an interesting interview at 3, Charnock-street, Bolton. Apprenticed as a fitter, young Hugh, like a good many others, developed a taste for soldiering, and immediately he was at liberty to do so left his mechanic's bench and enlisted in the West Yorkshire Regiment. With his battalion he visited various military depots abroad, being for some time stationed at Malta. One of his favourite recreaiions was clog dancing in the old Lancashire style, and his feats of endurance soon brought him into prominence with his comrades.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
FL HUGH SLOAN.

(Front a photograph.) But: the rigours of a military life abroad told upon him, and he gradually became aware of the fact that his muscular system was not so free in action as formerly, At last a settled pain across the shoulders manifested ittelf, and finally he was ordered to the Military Hospital. Everything was there done to clear his system of the rheumatic puns, but all to no purpose, and he had to be invalided from the army. Mr. Sloan returned to his native town, where he en- deavoured to follow his old occupition—fitting. But the trouble with the back kept reourring, causing him to temporarilyreliaquish his employment,but being naturally of good spirits, in the intervals between the attacks, he cultivated his love for clog and skate da,ncing,and became xo proficient that his services were in great demand up and down the country. At Leeds he entered a competition for time dineing, and carried of! the first prize, having danced an hour and a quarter without cessation—a wonderful feat of endur- ance. The tremendous exertion, however, cost him door. The strain was too great, and the victor returned once more to Bolton broken in health. His subsequent care by Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people is best told in his own words: _ _ .

wv, •• •• •• • "The colour went from my face, my cheeks fell in, and my muscles turned flabby. I felt thoroughly ill and run down, my appetite went, and the pains across my shoulders and down my back wore so severe at nights that I could only get sleep by lying on my chest. "Occasionallil would seem to pick up a little, tuad on one such occasion I accepted an engagement at Chorley. There I mentioned my condition to a gentleman who told me what good Pr. Williams' pink pills for pale people had done for him, and he recommended me'to try them.

-7`l"got a box,and by the time I had emptied it the , pains were sufficiently relieved to allow me to sleep at I night. My appetite too was noticeably returning. ! "I persisted with a second and a third box, and then I ; felt I was cured. Now lam first-class in health and never felt better. What has been troubling me on and ; off for about five years has been entirely eradicated."

••"7- _ • „ .1 '4l ' ' • 4%. _ 4, :

===== 0002601_19030508_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Polyglot Society.

The Warrington Polyglot Society held the first of a series of summer excursions on Saturday last, and though the conditions were not propitious for the start, the refit of the day was all that could be desired. By cycle, carriage and train, some twenty members and friends journeyed to Halton Castle and spent the afternoon among the ruins, while some of the party indulged in bowls, the green being in fair condition, as Halton escaped the heavy rainfall which rendered the day so disagreeable in Warrington. After tea the business side of the excursion received due recogni- tion, Mr. Haviour reading a paper in French on the history of the Castle, the interesting details of which were supplemented by Dr. Markel and Mr. Brookes. Business con,,luded, the party alljOurned to the green and the ladies took part in the bowling with en- thusiasm and no mean skill, until at eight o'clock the .members loft the interesting ruins behind and re- turned to Warrington by road and rail. If it be ,generally true that we "take our pleasures sadly." in this country, the Polyglot Society under the influence possibly of its continental friends, has learned to "change all that," thus adding to the debt already owing to those who have given such valuable assist- ance to Warringtonians in the acquisition of foreign languages. Certainly the excursion was most enjoy- able, and the members are looking forward to their next expedition, which will probably be to Northwich with the object of exploring a salt mine.

COMM MC IAL FA ILURFlS.—According to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the number of New Bankruptcy Proceedings in England and Wales gazetted during the week epding May 2nd, was 70. The number in the cor- responding week of last year was 88, showing a decrease of 18, beinga net decrease in 1903, to date, of 10.

STOP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT. TAKE VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. This marvellously successful remedy surpasses anything in the healing art and has the largest sale in the world.

The remarkable rapidity with which Veno's Lightning Cough Cure absolutely cures the worst cases of COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTMIA, INFLUENZA, CATARRH, and CHILDREN'S COUGHS has gained for it scientific recognition throughout the world. GRANVILLE H. SHARPE, F.C.S., Analyst? 11 and 12, Great Tower-street, London, says in his certificate of analysis :—"I am of opinion that Veno's Lightning Cough Cure will prove a valuable remedy in the cure of coughs colds, asthma, and all bronchial complaints." GEO. KNOX, M.D., 256, Second Avenue, Pittsburg, writes :—" Veno's Lightning Cough Cure excels in chronic cotter and bronchitis, and is especially good for children.' Ask for Veno's LIGHTNING COUGH CURE at Chemists, price Is. lid. and 2s 9d., or post. free from he Veno Drug Co., Hulme, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TO-,'121 COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of the Council was held at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening when there were present: —The Mayor (Mr. J. C. Parr), the Deputy-Mayor (Alderman .J Fairclough), Aldermen T. Hutchinson,F. W. Monks, J. Smethurst, I'. H. Sutton, Councillors T Barton, A. Bennett, J. Brophy, J. G. Craik, J. Dodds, James Evans, L. Ellison, W. J. Forshaw, T. J. Hulse, J. Lord, A. Peabock, J. Pemberton, J. Roberts, William Roberts, W. Rogers,D. Tinnion, J. Upson, J. Wilkinson, with Messrs. J. L. Whittle (town clerk), S. Wilson (deputy town clerk), J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), T. Longdin(boroughsurveyor),J. Dees (water engineer), W: H. Grimsdale (electrical engineer), and J. M.Murray (director of education.) ALDERMAN SHAW GREEN'S RESIGNATION.

THE COUNCIL'S REGRET.

The following Jotter was read from Alderman Shaw Green resigning the office of alderman:—" Dear Mr. Mayor,—l didnot expect to write this letter for many years to come, but my medical adviser and medical friends all tell me that the time has arrived when I must. I have ever taken an earnest interest in the I affairs of my native town, and I had even anticipated the possibility of some day occupying the chair you so ; worthily fill, so that you will not be surprised when I say that I do most sincerely regret having to write it. The work has always been asource of pleasure,for I did it from a sense of duty,balieving that those who could, should give some portion of their ability to the public serviee. I rejoice to think that I have been privileged to take part in our great developments, and no one can better realize the difference in time and energy required from the members now,to what it was at the time I entered the Council some sixteen years ago. During the whole of this period I have had most generous treatment at the hands of my ;olleagues; and my inter- course wllff the officials has been of a most agreeable character. In placing in your hands my resignation o the office I hold as an Alderman of the Borough, will you please to convey to the Council and the officials my warmest thanks for all their kindness ti me ?—I am, dear Mr. Mayor, yours faithfully (Signed). J. SHAW GREEN."

The MAYOR said he could not better express his feel- ings than by reading his reply which he had sent by return. The letter read as follows Town Hall April 23rd, 1903. Dear Mr. Alderman Shaw Green,—l have received your letter this morning with very deep and sincere regret both on account of the resignation it embodiee and the reasons for it. I had hoped that rest and relaxatioa might have restored the health which has been failing you of late, as your collealpes have noticed with the greatest concern and sympathy, but I feel that your decision is irrevocable on the grounds you give, and I would, therefore, not add to your trouble by urging its reconsideration. As Mayor I feel that I am losing one of the ablest and most efficient and painstaking members of the Council, and upon whose sound judgment and clear intellectual faculties I felt the greatest reliance, and as a personal friend and coun- sellor I feel that your absence will be a loss not easily estimated andhardly to be replaced. I sincerely hops that a temporary break from your duties and responsi- bilities may effect a complete restoration to healthend that we may still cherish the hope that your serviette are only interrupted and not lost to the town.' (Hear, hear.)—With kind sympathy and cordial regret, believe me, yours faithfully (signed), J. CHARLTON PARR, Mayor. Alderman Surrox said he would like to take that opportunity of saying that in his experience he had never known a more capable or valuable member of the Council than Alderman Shaw Green. (gear, hear). Whatever he undertook to do he made up his mind to do well, and in a manner which should reflect credit upon himself. As chairman of the Finance Committee he did not think that they had ever had his equal. (Hear, hear). His professional ability and experience enabled him to grasp every difficult point and to put it before them in a way which they could easily under- stand. His reports and explanations with reference to all financial matters cost him much thought and labour. During the fifteen years Alderman Shaw Green sat on the Council,he also took an active part in other depart- ments, more particularly its chairman of the School Attendance Committee. His heart was in the work,and In every instance he felt that they had sustained a great loss. Their loss was very heavy indeed. They might,he thought, express the hope that with the rest he was now taking he would soon be restored to good health (Hear, hear). „ Alderman SMETHURST saie he could scarcely allow that occasion to pass without expressing his deeparegret at the 'cause of Alderman Shaw Green having to leave that Council. He had worked with him shoulder to shoulder for upwards of 12 years. Heserved under him some seven years onthe School Attendance Committee, and he was sure the loss to that committee of a gentle- man who conducted the business with such affection and with such regard to the poor people of the town was a loss which he,was sure could not be told. (Hear, hear.) So far as that Council was concerned he could only endorse the words that the Mayor and Alderman Sutton had expressed. Alderman Shaw Green's resignation was not only a loss to that Council but to the whole borough of Warrington. They might get as good a man again to fill the position offchairman of the Finance Committee, but the devotion and time Alderman Shaw Green must have given to that office, must have been very great. He was one of those gentlemen who, when he brought forward the Budget—for which they waited so anxiously—feared no man and no committee. He just said what he had to say, and used to dress them down sometimes very severely, but he thought that they were none the worse for it. Some of .them required to be kept in check a little when they got upon matters of finance, and Aldermen Shaw Green was worthy of all the honour and praise that Council could give him for the services he had rendered to that Council and the town at large during the last 15 years. (Hear. hear.) Councillor WiLmam ROBERTS said he would like, RS one of the younger members, to say one word upon that very sad occasion. He thought the cause of their friend's retirement was one that must be regretted by them all. To those who knew the alderman intimately,it was no secret that he had worked early and late at his own business in order that he might give the time required for his public duties, and, as they knew, he had given his time unstintingly in the public service. They could not accept that resignation without also expressing their sympathy with Mrs. Green and family in this sore trial. 'lt was every sore trial, and they could only ex- press the hope that Alderman Shaw Green's health would soon be comnletell restored. (Hear, hear.) Councillor TINNION said he could not add anything to the admirable letter that the Mayor had sent in reply, nor to the speeches that had been made, but he thought it would be only right and in harmony with the feelings of the Council if a resolution were recorded acknowledg- ing the services that had been rendered to that town by a gentleman whom he could only describe as one of the most industrious and most conscientious members, either of the present or any past Corporation. The Mavort said he proposed to move a formal reso- lution.

Councillor Itoomas said he had pleasure in supporting every word that had been spoken. He had sat vv.ith Alderman Shaw Green for nearly eight years on the School Attendance Committee and a more straightfor- ward chairman it, would he impossible to find,

The MAYOR then moved "That this Council receives with regret the resignation of Joseph Shaw Green,Esq., of the office of alderman and desires to place on recor4. the appreciation of the eminently valuable services rendered by him in a connection withAthe Council of upwards of 15 years." The DEPUTY-MAYOR seconded. T.n doing so, he said it needed no words of his to recommend theinotion to them. It had been undoubtedly a very great blow to Mr. Shaw Green to have to retire. The motion was then carried unanimously. The MAYOR thenjormally declared the Aldermanic seat vacant.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
UNIVERSITY OF LIVERPOOL.

The next busines3 was ,the appointment of one mem- ber of the court—the supreme governing body of the University of Liverpool—to represent the Council for three years as from the Ist of January. 1903. The MAYOR thought the matter might possibly have been referred to the Education Committee, but it was necessary to make the appointment at once. The DEPUTY-MAYOR Moved that Mr. Henry Roberts be appointed.—Councillor ROGERS seconded, and it was carried unanimously. THE FRIENDLY SOCIETIES' EDUCATIONAL REPRE -ENTATIVE.

• The Council hadnow " to consider and, if thought advisable, to elect on the Education Committee the person recommended by the Warrington Friendly Societies."—The TOWN CLERK said he had received a letter from the secretary the Friendly Societies' Council stating that Mr. William Bibby had been selected.—Alderman HUTCHINSON moved that the recommendation that Mr. Bibby be appointed, be ac- cepted. and that he be elected a co-optative member of 1 the Education Committee.— Councillor ELLISON seconded, Alderman SMETHURST supported, and it was (*Tried.

MR. SHAW GREEN'S SUCCESSOR ON THE EDUCATION COMIVIITTEE.

A REPRESENTATIVE FOR THE ROMAN CATHOLICS

Another matter considered was the appointment of a representative memlier of the Education Committee in the place of Mr. Alderman Shaw Green resigned.

Councillor ELLISON proposed that Councilloi• Duncau be elected, and said he thought it would be an act of pace to appoint him as he tied with Councillor Rogers in the original election. Alderman SMETHURST seconded. Councillor JAMES EVANS moved that Councillor Bar- ton be elected. Alderman HUTCHINSON proposed Alderman Sutton, who, however did not wish to stand. CouncillorLOßD seconded the appointment of Coun- cillor Barton.

Councillor DODDS said that as they had only one mem- ber of the Roman Catholic Church on the committee he thought it would be a proper thing to elect Councillor Brophy. Councillor BENNY= thought that that was very reasonable as they ought to act as fairly as they possibly could. He seconded Councillor Dodds' proposition. CQUII cillor JAMES EVANS withdrew his proposition.

Councillor WILLIAM ROBERTS said he was sure that Councillor Duncan, had he been present, would have withdrawn after Councillor Dodds's proposition. Councillor BROPHY was then unanimously elected to the position. THE FINANCE COMMITTEE AND OVER-DUE STREET EXPENSES.

At a meeting of the Finance and Estate Committee the following statement relating to overdue street- making expenses was read before the Finance Com- mittee :—Balance owing as at 31st March,l9o3—lnterest £249 ss. 5d.; principal, £9,432 16s. id., total, £9,682 is. 6d. There were 125 accounts at present open, and in 104 cases agreements had been signed. There were 28 accounts varying from six months to 2 years overdue amounting to about .C 2,800. of which £2,250 is owing by eight persons as follows :-21,095 Bs. 5d., £ll6 6s. 4d., £142 Bs, lid., £l9B 6s. 2d., £ll7 15s. 10d., £293 2s. 11d., £l5l 4s. 11d., and £l4O 13s. id., total £2,255 6s. 7d. About £246 108.1 had been paid by the latter persons in the last six months. During that period, since the definite action of the committee, £3,220 is. Bd. had been received.

Alderman FAIRCLOUGH moved the adoption of the minutes.—Counoillor Craik seconded, and tke motion was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET IMPROVEMENTS. MORE LIGHT WANTED.

The Street Improvement Committee agreed tepay .£lOO to Messrs. Greenall, Whitley,and Company,Limited lot the purchase of a strip of land, containing 248 square yards, in front of the Brooklands Hotel, required for the widening of Lovely-lane. Messrs. J. White Mao Iver and Company,as agents for Colonel R. Ireland Blackburne, fraying consented to the setting back of the wall in front of Fairfield Hall, it was resolved that the Borough Surveyor be instructed to carry out the work. It was also decided to pay £4O to Messrs. Green- all, Whitley and Company, Limited, for the purchase of a strip of land on the south side of Friars'-gate. Alderman SUTTON moved the confirmation of the minutes.

Councillor BENNETT seconded. Councillor CRIIK asked if Alderman Sutton could inform the Council the reason why the lighting of the Ilamps in the Manchester-road district was deferred until almost an hour after darkness had set in. It was positivelyunsafe in that neighbourhood, especially now that the cars were running. On Friday night he was in the lane and it MA almost impossible to see a person a, yard ahead. The cars had to slow down almost to walk- ing pace. The lighting in Padgate-lane would not be commenced until 9.30, which, he thought they would agree, was altogether too late. He hoped the committee would give instructions that the lighting of the lamps in Manchester-road and Padgate-lane, with the side streets, should be carried out earlier. Alderman SUTTON said that was the first intimation he had reoeived with respect to the lighing. He would take care that the matter was brought before the light- ing subcommittee and gone into. The minutes were agreed to. LONGFORD DEPOT.—THR ALLEGED NUISANCE. The Sanitary Works Committee having inspected Longford depbt it was resolved that the engineer be instructed to prepare plans and estimates for a doorway in the store, and to prepare an estimate for culvert and coke-oven to consume and cremate the vapours from the dryers. It was also decided that a culvert be con- struoted from the concentrators for the purpose of draw- ing off the vapours, at an estimated cost of £l7O. The Chairman, deputy Chairman'and Engineer were appoin- ted te attend the annual congress of the Sanitary Insti- tute to be held at Bradford from July 7th to 11th next. In moving the confirmation of the minutes, Alderman SMETHURST said the Council would see that they had had to spend somemore money, but it was not the fault of the Committee. They had been threatened with an action, which would have been brought on had it not been for the good oHices of the Town • Clerk. They were hopeful of being able to remove the bad smells by the method proposed, which would "cremate the vapours." _

dounci-llor WILKINSON seconded and the minutes were confirmed.

PAVING AND SEWERAGE COI MITTEE.

A QUESTION OF THE "LOWEST TENDER." Ata meeting of the Paving and Sewerage Corn mittee it was resolved that the tender of Messrs. Bennie and Thompson for the forming and paving of the under- mentioned streets or passages according to specification be accepted :—Passage from gable of 114, Manchester- road to gable of 57, Willis-street, at £l3O 14s. 7d.; pass- age behind 41 to 89, Birchall-street, at £2lO 16s. ' • pass- age between 57 and 59, Birchall-street, at £l7 10s. 4d.: passage between 75 and 77, Birchall-street, at £lB 68.2 d. It was also resolved that the tender of Messrs. Buckley and Company, Limited, for carting for the Scavenging Department at 7s. 6d. per day, and the tender of Messrs. Denhaafand Company fer the Highway Department at 7s. 2d. per day for 12 months according to the terms of the specification be accepted. Councillor TINNION called attention to the paving of the passages behind Birchall-street, and said he might explain that it had betal the practice of the committee lin dealing with the tenders to except the lowest, but on that ocpasion they had thought it desirable and in I the best interests of the work not to accept exactly the I lowest tender. One tender for the passage behind 41 to 89, Birchall-stteet was for £2lO 16s. and another £2lO 95., a difference of seven shillings. The next was for 57 :tnd 59, Birchall-street, and one tender was for I£l7 10s. 4d. and the other £l7 Bs. 6d., the difference being is. 10d. The next tender for practically the same passage or a portion of It was £lB 6s. 1:14 and the other for £3O 14s. 3d. The explanation he wished to give was that it was not thought desirable for a matter of 115 s. that two contractors should be at work on what was practically the same passage. Alderman Huratissox seconded.

Councillor PEMBERTON moved an amendment, and remarked that Councillor Tinniou had not made the matter quite as dear as he might have done. It was rather misletding to say that one tender was for £lB 6s. 2d. and the other A3O because there was another tender submitted for £lB for the last job. The principle of the committee ought to be to accept the lowesttender when the contractor was capable of doing the work. The contractor in question had done work previously, and there had been no complaints, and he did not think that it was in the best interests of the ratepayers theta tender should be barred out. It was grossly unfair to pick out a tender, and to say that one man should do this and the other that, when the contractors were of equal merit. It might not strike the members of the Council as being unfair, but it was. In this case it was like a man losing a race by four inches end the Judge saying he might have the prize because the other man won one earlier in the day. Counoillor W. ROBERTS: Some of us do not know anything about racing, Mr. Mayor. (Laughter). Councillor PEMBERToN: lam talking about athletic sports. (More laughter.) He added that it was heart- breaking to people who tendered if they did not get the job when they were lowest. Councillor LORD seconded the amendment.

Councillor Jamns EVANS referred to the tenders for carting, and said he did not know how they had escaped the notice of Councillor Pemberton. It seemed to him to be a more serious item than the one he had taken up. The committee had accepted a tender of Messrs. Buckley for carting at 7s. 6d. per day and also accepted the tender of Messrs. Denham and Co. at is. 2d. He took it that there was fourpence per man and horse difference, and that would make a serious item in twelve months. Perhaps some explanation would be given with refer- 'nee to the margin of fourpenee between the tenders. Councillor WILLIAM ROBERTS said he had yet to learn that the Council had accepted the principle that the lowest tender must be accepted, and if the com- mittee was not to be allowed to use its discretion in the acceptance of tenders he did not know how the Council, not having all the facts before them, could arrive at a fair decision if the committee themselves could not. On thee oi grounds he supported the committee. Councillor JOHN Ronnwrs said he was not aware that Denham and Company ever contracted for the Scaveng- ing Department. The Highway Department was the only one they tendered to. COUISCMOT TINI•UON said what the committee did was to accept the lowest tender for the Highway Depart- ment, which vvis is. 2d. per day. Messrs. Denham did not tender for the scavenging department, and if they had done so at 7.. 2d. their tender would have been accepted. A. regarded Councillor Pemberton, he could not follow him in the figures, but would like to say that there were seven different tenders. Messrs. Bennie end Thompson tendered for the whole of the work £705 12e. 2d., and T. Stringer's tenders were £709 18s. 2d. Those were the figures he had before him, and he failed to see how,if looked at in the way suggested,they would have arrived at the lowest figure on behalf of Mr. Stringer. If they had accepted positively the lowest tender it would have gone to G. T. Heaton, and as it was the whole of the tenders were divided by Messrs. Bennie and Thompson and Mr. Stringer. There were other tenders higher thsn those accepted. The only reason why the committee departed from their usual practice was not to bring a second contractor on the work, as they did not think it worth while for a few shillings difference. They were most likely to get the work better done by the one contractor. What the committee had done had been dome in the best interests of the Corporation. The amendment was pittt to the meeting and lost, only Councillor Pemberton, Lord and Dodds voting for it, and the minutes were then approved.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
RIVERS COMMITTEE

ALDERMAN SMETHURST AND LAW EXPENSES. Alderman SMETHURST, on the minutes of this Com- mittee coming Up for confirmation, drew attention to the orders for payment of accounts amounting. to £23 Os. 2d. At the last Council meeting they sanctioned something like £1,500 for the General Purposes Com- mittee, £l,OOO of which was going in law costs for the river. Those sums which were paid for the maintenance of the river should be shown on the accounts of the Rivers Committee. Councillor Ti Nios said he did not see what Alder- man Smethurst was driving at, and Councillor PEMBER- TON remarked that everything ought to be clearly shown on the agenda. After further discussion, the TOWN CLERK explained that all expenses under the head of law expenses came properly before the General Purposes Committee, and were always published on the agenda of that Committee. The minutes were then confirmed.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SCHOOLS DRILL COMPETITION.

A WARNING TO THE ELEMENTARY SCHOOLS. Councillor TINNION proposed the minutes of the Gymnasium Committee, which contained the following resolu;ion :—" That in consequence of only one entry having been received for the Elementary School Chil- dren's Drill Competition for the Thomas Morrie Memorial Shields, viz., from the Heathside boys, no competition be held this season and that the holders be requested to return the shields which when received be hung in the Institution." He remarked that it was a matter for very great regret that the schools had not I taken up this question, and he felt bound, on behalf of the Committee, to give them a gentle hint that if they I did not think itnecessary or desifable to go in for this competition,the Committee might not think it desirable g to give them the excellent instruction they obtained for' such a low cost at the Gymnasium. They could only provide accommodation for a certain number of schools, and in the future it might be one of the conditions that they must enter this Competition before receiving instruction from the Gymnasium.

COUNCILLOR thRD AND THE TRAMS. CounCillor LORD asked the Chairman of the Electric- ity and Tramways Committee :- 1. Why are our bars not provided with means of out- side communication as are the cars in other towns? 2. ri it not a fact that outside means of communica- tion were fixed, but have been removed, andwhy? 3. Is it notalso a fact that several ladies, owing to there being no such means of communication, have narrowly escaped accidents through having to leave their seats whilst the cars were in motion in order to request theconductor to stop the car? Alderman MONKS, with reference to the first question said the consulting engineer did not specify in the drawing up of the specificationsYor the cars that means of communication should be provided, and the committee did not think it worth while they should be included. •With regard to the seconcliquestion, he said t'...et the means of communication referred to, were placed on the cars by the :constructors without any instructions. They made the committee a I present of the work, and, unfortunately, it was expendi- ture on their part which was thrown away, becausethey found the public had misused the means of communica- tion, and not only misused them,but to the danger of the passengers, and the communications had to be taken away to prevent accidents. With respect to the third I question, he was not able to say whether it was a fact that several ladies had narrowly escaped accidents. No reports of any such accidents had been received at the I office; the manager had heard nothing about the matter. I Certainly the cOmmittee had not had the matter before them. When they remembered that the cars had Won I 'running 12 months, and the number of passengers that had been carried, and that there had been so few acci- dents, it must be admitted there was evidence that no undue risk was being run for want of communication. In fact, owiag to the small number of accidents,the in- surance company had renewed their policy for a con- siderably leas premium than they paid last year. (Hear I hear.) Councillor LORD said he was much obliged to the alderman for his replies. He supposed he was not en- titled to enter into any argument about the matter. THE ELECTRICAL AND TRAMWAY UNDER- TAKINGS. LOSS ON ELECTRICITY.—PROFIT ON TRAMWAYS.

At a meeting of the Electricity and Tramways Com- mittee the following resolutions of the Paving and Sewerage Committee were considered and approved That this committee offer the Tramways Committee the sum of £2,446, being Oats value of the setts displaced by the laying of the tram rails, subject to verification of the weights ; that the Tramways Committee be charged the sum of £1,350, being the cost of reinstating streets after the construction of the tramways, this committee having allowed the sum of £250 as the estimated value between new and old setts; that the wages of Mr. John Dunn, chief clerk, be increased by the sum ef 2s. 6d. per week, with an annual increase of 2s. 6d. to a maximum of £2 per week; and that the main in Winwick-road be extended to the Blue Coat School. _ _

Alderman MONKS moved the confirmation of the minutes.

The DEPUTY-MAYOR seconded.

Alderman MONKS said he was in possession of the profit and logs account on the electricity and tramway( undertakings. He would give the information to the Council if it was desired.

It was decided that the information should be given.

Alderman MONKS then stated that the nett result of the operations in the eleotrioity department was a loss on the year of £495 Bs. 3d. after paying all the working expenses, after providing the proper instalment of the sinking fund, interest on loan, bank interest and com- mission. If they had not made the reduction in the price of the ourrent at the commencement of the year by giving the consumers the benefit of half an hour in the demand system they would have about covered the loss. The reduotion was about equal to £439. The figures were not quite as favourable as he had been led to hope for, but next year, if all went on well, he thought the ccounts would show a profit. Councillor BENNETT asked what the gross profits had been. .

Alderman MONKS said he did notattaoh much import- ance to gross profits, since that did not allow for pay- ments of interest, sinking fund charges, etc. (Hear, hear.) The receipts, however, had been £7,912 16s. Bd., and the working expenses were about £5,100, the gross profit being £2,834 15s. 3d. With reference to the tram- ways, Alderman MONKS stated that the Corporationtmly commenced running the first system of trams in April last, but theyhad started the year with an accumulation of accounts owing for interest, &c., of £561 135., but the net results in profits had been £652 ss. 3d. (Hear, hear.) Therefore this £652 went to pay off the adverse balance with which they had started the year, and left 0012 s. 3d. to be carried forward. (Hear, hear.) _

, Councillor DODDS asked if that inCluded an allowance for depreciation on rails, cars and works? Alderman Sforucs stated that it included sinking fund and interest payments, but he:did not know what Coun- cillor Dodds meant by depreciation. Different people meant different things by depreciation. They were main- taming the service and paving all charges. Councillor BRNNErr : You contend that you main- tain as you go along? Alderman MONKS: Yes, and we are paying off a portion of the capital account.

- The minutes u:ere then carried. COUNCILLOR PEMBERTON AND THE ELECTION OP' ALDERMEN. A SERIES OF' QUESTIONS. Councillor PEMBERTON asked the following questions of the Chairman of the General Purposes Committee I. Did your committee instruct the Town Clerk to draw up the following agreement :—"We, the under- signed members of the Warrington Town Council, here- by respectfully agree to observe the rule of seniority amongst the members of the Council in the election or re-election of the present or future aldermen of the borough." 2. Did the committee instruct the Town Clerk to place the agreement before each newly-elected member to the Town Council at the time he was signing the acceptance of office? 3. If so, did he when he so placed it before each member explain the meaning of the agreement? 4. Did he inform each member that it was op- tional?

5. Was the agreement drawn up by the Town Clerk, and if so by whose instructions? _

6. How many members of the present Council have signed the agreement ? 7. Who was the last member to sign the document and what was the date of such signature; 'rho MAYOR Slid he had no personal knowledge of the work of the General Purposes Committee at that time and he would ask the Town Clerk to reply. The TOWN CLERK then read his replies as follows ,

1. No. Th 4 agreement, which is no more than a personal understanding, was not considered byany cora- mittee. It wan drawn up by the leaders of the political parties and was ultimately signed by every member of the Council.

2. No. The Town Clerk was requested by the mem- bers of the Council to show the agreement to newly- elected members. _ _

S. No. The agreement required no explanation. 4. No. Because every member knew it was optional. 5. This question has already been answered. 6. Twenty-eight (excluding Mr. J. Shaw Green). 7. Mr. Councillor Brough on the 19th November' 1900. PURCHASE OF ANOTHER PICTURE.

IThe General Purposes Committee recommended that the Town Clerk be autho7ised to purchase from the I widow of the late Mr. E. F. Brewtnall,R.W.S., a picture I by that artist, entitled " The Sleeping Boauty," for the sum of £2OO, and that the picture be added to the per- manent collection in the art gallery. In moving the confirmation of the minutes,the MA YOR said he regretted to say that Mrs. Brewtnall died on the Iprevious clay.

The minuie was confirmed. THE BAPTISM OF LATTER DAY SAINTS.

At a meeting of the Town Hall, Park and Baths Corn mittee a letter was read from the President of the Re- organized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints asking for permission to use the plunge baths for the

ONE OF A GREAT NUMBER.—The details of a remarkable cure by Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people are published in this issue, after a thorough in- vestigation. The cure is only one of a very great number in Lancashire. Those pills are praised by all classes of people for the way in which they have cured paralysis, locomotor ataxy, rheumatism, and sciatica; also all diseases arising from impoverishment of the blood, scrofula, rickets, chronic erysipelas, consumption of the bowels and lungs. amemia, pale and sallow com- plexion, general muscular weakness, loss of appetite, palpitations, pains in the back, nervous headache, and neuralgia, early decay, all forms of female weakness and hysteria. These pills are n tonic, not, a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name—Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people—and are sold by chemists, and by Dr. Williams' medicine company, Holborn Viaduct, London, E.C., at 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13s. Ad. Pink pills sold loose or from glass jars are not Dr. Williains' pink pills ; accept them only in the pink closed wrapper as above described.

ordinance of baptisms, when it was resolved that the necessary permission be granted for the use of the baths after public hours and that the usual charges be made for those entering the water and 2d. for each visitor. Alderman SMETHURST moved the confirmation of the minutes.

Councillor JOHN ROBERTS seconded.—Carried. The remainder of the business will be found reported elsewhere.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT IS THIS SUBSTITUTION? -- How People are Defrauded.

It is high time that public attention should be drawn to a subject, which has so far only agitated manufac- turers and retail traders, yet which is one of extreme interest and practical importance to everyone who shops. It must not for a moment be thought that the practice to which attention is here called, is indulged in by the majority of shopkeepers it is not, but on the other hand it is far more prevalent than should be the case, and its adoption by a dishonest and shortsighted 'minority is not only a wrong to the pubiic but most damaging to fair and honest dealers. Substitution is the practice to which we are referring, and, as might be done with the practice of lying, it can be divided into several classes.

One of these classes is fortunately illegal. If you were to enter the shop of Blank, and ask for—" Robin- Son's Cigar & Brandy Lotion " ; if Blank were to hand you out a packet, which is either made up to look very like one of Robinson's well-known packets, or which is wrapped up so that you cannot see what you are receiving, and if Blank, the shopkeeper, does not say anything to enlighten you as to the fact that you are not being served with what you asked for, then Blank lays himself open to a suit at the hands of Robinson, the manufacturer of the lotion. But how often does Robinson hear of the offence, or succeed in running the offender to earth? He hears of but few of many such transactions, which are directly damaging to his trade, because of the lost sales, and are also indirectly injuri- ous to his good name, which suffers in consequence of the substitution for his own of other and always in- ferior goods.

There are many other forms of substitution, which do I not oome within cognisance of the Courts, but against, which the public would do well to set their face, inas- much as they are nothing less than traps to catch the unwary and to jell to them not only what they do not desire but what is too often to their detriment to perch:a.se. Let us take a case. You have gone into the shop of a "substitutor," who knows the law and does not intend to come within its clutches. You have asked for "Robinson's Cigar and Brandy Lotion"; says the shopkeeper, "Here is something else which is really just as good, and which has the additional advan- tage' of being considerably cheaper." You may be tempted by the plea "just as good" and "cheaper"; you pay your money but do not take your choice,but his. Or again it may chance that the shopkeeper will say "Robinson's Lotion ?—why I make a precisely similar thing myself." Again you may be weak enough to yield, buying what you do not intend to purchase, instead of what you did. The foregoing are two very typical cases, which it will be profitable to examine. The three parties concerned in these transactions are Robinson —the manufacturer and proprietor of a well- know article,Blank—the retail dealer, and you—one of the general .public upon which public,Blank directlyand Robinson Indirectly are dependent for their living. How has Robinson been affected by Blank's method of precedure ? In both of the two cases givenhe has lost, a sale. You, either having heard of, or having exper- ienced, the value of Robinson's article, or having read , an advertisement which inclined you to test its value, I have asked for one thing and have received another. ' The dealer's conduct, therefore, to put it very mildly, is ungenerous to Robinson, who, by the merits of his goods or the efficiency of his advertising, has brought a customer into the shop. Of course,the dealer may say, and very often does say, that he ean make but little profit from selling Robinson's goods; this may, or may not be true, but even if true it should be remembered, that Robinsonhas introduced a customer into the shop, and that the dealer if he is an astute man of business, should contrive not only to make a sale of Robinson's goods, but should also make a friend of the purchaser, induce him to become& regular customer, and probably even on his first visit sell to him something else in addi- tion to that which he came to buy. Surely it would be profitable to Blank to do all that he can to support those who bring the public into his establishment ? Robinson, we think, has a very clear grievance against him. You have been served with an article, which you are assured is "just as good "as Robinson's. It may be taken for certain that the article is not just as good" probably not nearly as good, and, if you do not person- ally know the value of Robinson's article, you will assuredly be prejudiced against it, although you have not in reality given it a trial. I But we are not concerned with Robinson, the manufac- turer, so much as with the public, to whom we will turn after devoting a few words more to the retail dealer. Blank has acted unfairly to Robinson as we have already pointed out, and as we shall point out, to you alsoamon whom his living depends. What is the motive that actuates Blank? Is it philanthropy or love of you? No, profit is the motive, a motive not unfair in itself,but we do not think that Blank's profit is fairly come by. The substitute sold is never anything like as good as the article for which it is substituted. That is to say that Blank has lied to you, in order to make more money out of you than he would have done if he had told you the , truth. He also lies in almost every case, when he sub- stitutes goods which he says are of his own manufac- ture. They are almost always not of his own making, but are bought f,rom manufacturers, who print Blank's name on the labors of the goods he orders. This dodge I is played in many trades; such manufacturers can always , afford to sell their goods at a cheap rate, as they have no need to spend any money on the careful experiments and the costly machinery for producing a newand really good article. So in almost every case the substituting tradesman is a liar, taking no count of the means by which he makes his money. He is unwise, too, for he injures both his friends Robinson and the public. You indeed, that is to say the public, have a poor time of it. You want one thing, and you are persuaded to take another; the thing that you purchase may be cheaper in price (though often it is not so), but it is actually dearer to you, because it is neither what you want nor so good; you have in most cases been lied to and deceived. Strangely enough, you will in all probability continue to patronise the shop where common senseand experience should tell you that you will not only not be able, at any rate without some trouble, to buy what you want, but will in elk probability be served with some- thing not nearly so good as what you desired to purchase. In this fact we have the clue to the cure for this evil of substitution. If the public will only face the diffi- culty and will determine only to deal with shops where they are readily and willingly served with what they as for, the substituting dealer will soon vanish from the face of the land, and honest straight-dealing trades- men will come into their own. Surely it is good public policy to encourage honest, and to discourage dis- honest. traders ?

Substitution exists, to a greater or less degree,among all classes of retail dealers. Tobacconists, spirit mer- chants, linen-drapers, chemists, provision dealers,dealers in photographic materials, dealers in mineral waters and other temperance drinks, and so on through the whole list! You must keep your eyes oped', and keep them always open, and keep them wide open. Substitu- tion is not an injury to your pocket only,but very often to your health also. We have spoken strongly, but possibly not strongly enough, bearing in mind the importance of this question to the manufacturer, to the honest majority of retail dealers, and to you and the public in general.

WARRINGTON.

St. George's Mission.

£75 was realized by a sale of work held in connec- tion with the above Mission on Friday and Saturday. As only .1,50 was asked for, with the object of reseat- ing the church, the result is highly gratifying to the congregation.

The Late Mr. Hanbury. The Executive Committee of the Lancashire and Cheshire Conservative Working Men's Federation met at the Manchester Conservative Club on Saturday, Councillor Bennett, of Warrington, presiding. A vote of deep sympathy and condolence with the family of the late Mr. Hanbury was, on the motion of the Chairman, agreed to. Cycling Accident.

-About five o'clock on Monday afternoon Mr. 11. N. Roscoe, of Beswick-street, a country postman working between Warrington and Bruche, was returning on his bicycle to Warrington, and when near Woolston be was about to pass a furniture van coming in the opposite direction, when an omnibus came from behind it. He tried to avoid a collision, but his machine skidded and he was thrown off, his head strikinc, the side of the 'bus, and rendering him unronscions. He - was conveyed to Warrington in a cart; by Mr. Broad- hurst, a potato dealer, together with the mails which he was carrying. He was attended by Dr. Bowden., who found him to be badly bruised. He was after- wards taken home P.S.A. Meetings.

Mr. A. Jennings presided at an open meeting of Buckley-street P.S.A. sociaty which was held on Sun- day,in the Methodist Free Church, Buckley- streetwhen there was a fair attendance. The speaker was Mr. W. Spruce. Miss Ethel Kean read the lesson. Miss Ida Hewitt was heard to advantage in the songs " The children's home," and " Ora pro nobis " (Mr. W. Looker being the accompanist), and Mr. James Ryder in" Come unto Me." Mr. Albert E. Trow was the organist. —There was a good attendance of members. at the meeting of the Warrington P.S.A, Society in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Sunday, Mr. Brown presiding, Mr. Clayton, who possesses a beautiful tenor voice saw' "The Sailor's Grave" and • The Holy City " to the accompaniment of Mrs, White, for which he received a hearty round of ap- plause. Mr. Smiley addressed the meetiag.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING OF PROPERTY OWNERS.

An Association Formed "Ic rneetingoi property owners in Warn i ngtonand let was held in the Co-operative Hall,Sankey-street, ThursdaY last week. The circular convening the tneetne.ting stated that "owing to the recent serious in the rates of the Borough, the excessive 11 ges made for street-making, and the brief period aftntred to repay the charges, and many other matters zoi.?eta property owners it is felt that the time,has l'etl'when a powerful and effective property owners' e?eiation should be formed in Warrington." iksilrneiLlor T. LivitToN presided, and he was accom- of tV On the platform by Mr. J. W. Reader (president 401, e Liverpool Property Owners' Association), Mr. 0,2 NValker (president of the St. Helens Property oftb uers' Association), and Mr. W. A. Brooks (secretary St. Helens Property Owners' Association. There an At attendance of about 200 property owners. t re Ile outset theCßatitataN said that when he was thalestea to preside at that meeting he was informed aeekttle meeting would be strictly private. He did not "()%r it could be private so long as they had reporters ile'ells:l4. If it was agreeable to the gentlemen present .ould ask-the reporters to retire in order that they 114484 n ~. what they had to say strictly in private. Per- the some future time it might be convenient to have Vourvd ,9rters present but at present he did not think it rep Qe to the advantage of the movement at all for the kne°#rte, ra to remain. (Hear, hear). The sense of the eheXg was then taken as to Whether the reporters taiu,'„'l be asked to retire. On a show of hands being to ?nly two hands were held up against the proposal Ud the press. e reporters then left the hall. the r°rn information obtained yesterday it appears that Alio Value lof proper:a, owners' associations was tn,„Lonehly discussed and a brief history of the work on in Liverpool and St. Helens by the Property e,ru Associations was given. ictters of apology for non-attendance were read. J. Bernard of the Steam Laundry, Colwyn Bay, 44", e wishing the association about to be formed every tte,..ces, and expressing the hope that it would have some tin modifying the financial reputation of the 0110. 111,1'4 CHAIRMAN intimated that Councillor Forshaw th-s` requested him to say that he would have been with 4,,,5e, but for a prior engagement. Mr. Leigh also wrote 7i,ogising for his non-attendance. "e CHAIRMAN in introducina the speakers, made Lioa of the fact that Councillor Forshaw and Coun- ,inor Jamet*Evans had each given notice that they would move at the next Council meeting a motion to ,-,Terease the time for paying for the making of private :Oets from 3to 7 years. That would be a very great to property owners if the matter could be carried I:l`clughibut at the same time it would have been much tetter it they could have carried Councillor Petaber- hZri's motion at the last Council meeting which would if ye increase'd the time to ten years. He felt sure that th,lhe Council had ' seen its way to have passed fa'n'lynotien it would have given genuine satis- lyn,."on to everyone concerned. (Hear, hear.) He did knovy whether it would be possible for him to be tertdie next Council meeting' but if he was he should ye,„_—ainlY support the motion to extend the time to seven ite-7,!• The Paving and Sewerage Committee of which trens a member was continually receiving deputations in 'a property owners requesting that their street-mak- pag Might be deferred as they were not in a position to tot! for it. If seven or ten years were allowed to pay street lacking, these deputations and grumblings the/Ild he a thing of the past. He felt sure that tf ?ould fix up a property owners' association they ▪ soon be able to bring some pressure to bear •on late "nen that would induce them to look after the 414 rest of the property owners much better than they 111,1 W.,• (Hear, hear.) J. W. READER gave an address on the work of the the't`rtY owners in Liverpool. The great fact he said Property is looked to as the source from tor -"P the sinews of • war were to be obtained Zlionl,lll,Perial, local and poor rate purposes, tate,: ne sufficient to arouse all property owners and kiteYers to see that no form of extravagance was per- The formation of an influential property 1101itirs, and ratepayers' association, quite free from 'lalette.at bias, was the best possible organization for the „tbe lOn of municipal candidates. He stated that by eZ'ort,esy of the Liverpool "'own Clerk, ;',.,lnltiei,l,retary of the Liverpool Association was 'Oriar,'„ with a copy of the Council's agenda. 43rectit; `Die question of Corporations undertaking the lieki„ ' and letting of workmen's divollings, Mr. • tkvr Said such a project was to the disadvantage lot ue ratepayers of the town generally. The best class • nants occupied these dwellings, which were often Li at a loss to the Corporation and theproperty owners wt_re called upon to makeup the difference. 31r. Walker and Mr. A. Brooks also addressed the iinfleeting, and dwelt upon the advantages to be derived 2 the property owners association becoming affiliated 1.11 the national association. It. LuNT proposed that a Warrington and District i)..Perty Owners Association be formed. T. HARDING seconded and the proposition was 'Ted unanimously. ItTON was T. B •appointed to act as secretary tem. A A di ,soussion ensued with reference to the .Ratepayers °elation which had already been formed at a meet- -hghdat Raddon Court, Latchford. It was decided analcoMmittee consisting of Messrs. R. Lunt, F. febury, William Dooley, T. Harding, Joseph Twiss, tives°lln Hedgcock be appointed to meet the representa- are„„(g the R i Ratepayers' association, and see f the two '''"'lSatlons could join forces.

Vto, (-7ePal of the Late Mr. Byerley. 1/4)aturday afternoon the remains of the late Mr. t. virtt Byerlev, formerly collector of inland revenue atrin ton, and latterly at Sheffield, were interred triethe g emetery in the presence of a few relatives and (sot-)". Cemetery The mourners were Mr. Maurice Byerley 141,1-" Greenwich; Mr. Egbert Byerley (son), kr 4gollen ; Mr. Alfred Dawson (son-in-law), Norwich; 14;1 George Gibbard (son-in-law), Brackley ; Mr. J. Isaac, jun. (son-in-law) ; Mr. Henry Johnson coll.- 4-law); and Mr. J. N. Hartley, the present ea lector of inland revenue. The Rev. E. C. E. t'etPll, vicar of Holy Trinity Parish, officiated.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
1 Don't say you can't iron

because your previous at- tempts have not been as successful as you could wish. It is next to im-

possible to have good ironing with poor starch, and there are many poor starches sold in the' shops. Colman's Starch is a good starch,-a starch that stands

the ironing test.

elNr E 4. ef4 w",,•-u 94 Zt.:=.% 4141. II a ti". A:` Loj 111

See that Cebnan's

is Hca

llama 2,-n-d

ars on the Box.

;old in Cardboard Boxcs. rp - the BulV- ‘iftvw. •

===== 0002601_19030508_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
. _ _ - _ -• . _ , _

- _ '

===== 0002601_19030508_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW RAILWAY APPOINTMENT AT WARRINGTON. Retirement of Mr. E. Braide.

On:Friday, Mr. T. I. Williams, of Abergavenny, com- menced his duties at Warrington as district goods manager for the London and North-Western Railway Company, in succession to Mr. Edward Braide, who has retired after almost completing fifty years of honourable and valuable railway service. For the past 29 years, Mr. Braide has been district goods manager, with headquarters at Warrington. He was of a retiring disposition and never sought to enter public life,but by those with whom he came in contact, he was highly re- spected. .To the London and North-Western Rail- way Company he has been a loyal servant and the directors have shown their anxiety that the company should continue to have the advantage of Mr. Braide's wide experience by inducing him to consent to his services being at their disposal in his retirement. Even yesterday when Mr. Braide was supposed to have "retired," an " Examiner" reporter found on enquiry , at his residence in Bewsey-road that he had gone to Fleetwood on business connected with the Company. In entering upon a period of retirement from his long and arduous duties we feel sure that Mr. Braide will carry with him the heartiest wishes of his friends that he may have health and strength to enjoy it. The clerical staff at the district goods office intend to take any early opportunity of showing their regard for their late chief by presenting him with a solid silver tea and coffee service and tray. -Mrs. litaide is also to receive a silver rose bowl.

Mr. T. I. Williams, who commenced his duties yester- day comes to Warrington with a good railway training. During the illness of Mr. Bishop, who died a short time ago, Mr. Williams had charge of the South Wales district and proved himself to be an energetic and reliable man. The district of which he is now the goods manager, extends from Warrington to Preston on the main line, and ineludei the Blackburn and Blackpool districts, and also the low level line from Broadheath to Runcorn.

Mr. Emmett, who for many years has been superin- tendent of the Waggon Department at Earlestown, has intimated his intention of retiring from the company's service at the end of June, and the vacancy thus created is to be filled by Mr. H. D. E trl, the present manager of Crewe works.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LOT OF A LONDON TAILORESS. A Side-Light on an Important Subject.

The following letter, written by a London tailoress, is interesting, as showing the great boon which bile beans prove to the working classes :- 68, King Street, Regent Street, Gentlemen, Some time ago I was troubled with chronic constipa- tion and an acute pain in my aide, both being due to liverdisorder. Often the pain was so bad I could hardly lie in bed. A friend advised me to go to the Middlesex Hospital, and I did. After weeks of treatment, however, I could see no improvement, so I ceased to attend. Ism a tailoress, and as I have to work from eight in the morning to eight at night, you may guess what misery I endured. Seeing in the paper an account of a case like mine which had been cured by bile beans, I told a friend of mine that I thought of trying them. She had tried them, and said," Do! I'll buy you the first box!" I commenced with them,and they soon cured the constipation. It was not,however, until I W.lB through the second box that I felt what a wonderful change Bile Beans had made, I was regularly hungry • and enjoyed the heartiest meals without any ill-effects afterwards. Then the headache ceased, the bodily pains went also, and I found I was cured. Bile Beans have done me more good than I ever believed possible, _

Gratefully yours, M.ABEI. CLRGG

The reputation of the vegetable medicine so highly spoken of by Miss Clegg is built on a sure foundation, for bile beans, through their general excellence, have now become the reading family !medicine. Stocked by inedicins vendors throughout the world.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
SALE OF HORSES AT WALTON HALL.

Big Prices Realized,

Buyers from various parts of the country were present at Walton Hall, on Friday, when the fourth unreserved sale of horses belonging to Sir Gilbert Greenell, Bart., was held. Mr. W. Bainbridge was the auctioneer. Prior to the sale a luncheon was held, about 300 guests sitting down. Before the company separated the toast of "The King" was honoured. Forty-six pedigree hackney har- ness geldings, mares, and ponies, and six shire horses were offered for sale and bidding was fairly brisk. The total amount realized was 4,827 guineas. Some of the animals fetched very high prices, the largest sum paid for a single animal being 230 guineas, a chesnut gelding, Pure Gold,being purchased by a London gentleman for that amount. A fine bay gelding, El Dorado, was bought by Sir Walter Gilbey for 210 guineas. The following is a complete list of the purchases : GELDINGS.

S Alton (brown), 33 guineas'. Mr. James Strange, tockton Heath; Curlew (chestnut), 50 guineas, Mr. Dunning, London; Tissington Lass (bay), 70 guineas,. Mr. S. Joannides, Liverpool; Dewstone (brown), 46 guineas, Mr. Ledson ; Water Lark (chestnut), 53 guineas, Mr. Henry Moore, Burnbuts ; Braggart (bay), 56 guineas, Mr. Jones, Swansea; Croxton (bay), 52 guineas, Mr. E. Speakman, Birley Court, Leominster; Aigrette (bay), 100 guineas, Mr. Adams Berwick; Horoscope (bay), 55 guineas, Mr. E. W. Griffiths; Derby (bay), 125 guineas, Mr. E. W.Hickling, Notting- ham; Dresden (bay), 56 guineas, Mr. Cork; Chelsea, (bay), 57 guineas, Mr. Hough, Cardiff • Wonder, (dark bay), 60 guineas, Mr. Howell; Levite dark chestnut), 120 guineas, Mr. Edwardson; Newton (dark chesnut), 105 guineas, Mr. Edwardson; Lily Grant (dark chesnut), 59 guineas, Mr. Lees, Newton-by-Daresbnry ' • Lady Nan (chestudt), 90 guineas, Mr. Hignett, Liverpool ; Pure Gold (chestnut), 230 guineas, Mr. William Smith, London; Dollar (bay); 135 guineas,Mr:Swingler, Derby; Wexham (dark bay), 160 guineas, Mr. Swingler, Derby • Torring- ton Tell-Tale (dark bay), 6.5 guineas, Mr. Boddington, Manchester; Conqueror (dark brown), 140 guineas, Mr. Freeman, Paris; Gold Lace (dark brown), 160 guineas, Mr. Freeman; Lambton (dark brown), 125 guineas, Mr. G. R. Eaton, Chatteris ; Terrington Parasol (vol. xxi.) (dark brown), 82 guineas, Mr. Johnstone, Nottingham; Summer Flower (dark brown mare), 100 guineas, Mr. Johnstone; Exminster (bay), 82 guineas, Colonel Hubert Slater, Whittlefield House ; Promo- tion (bay), 210 guineas, Mr. Clarke, Lancaster; El Dorada (bay), 210 guineas, Sir Walter Gilbey ; Vagabond (bay), 120 guineas, Mr. Mayer; Gabriel (bay), 130 guineas, Mr. Mayer; Mars (bay), 80 guineas, Mr. Speakman, Leominster; Christopher (bay), 65 guineas, Mt-. Jones, Swansea; Freedom (bay), 100 guineas, Mr. Frank; Lightfoot (bay), 74 guineas Mr. Speakman; Leo- minster; Millionaire (bay), 98 guineas,Miss Lord Light- fling (bay), 96 guineas, Mr. Lees, Nesvton-by-Daresbury ; Sir Walter (bay)' 78 guineas, Mr. Lees; Bass (chestnut), 165 guineas, Mr. Evans, Wrexham; Laverock (chestnut). 70 guineas, Captain T. A. Belbin, Nortonthorpe Hall; Yorkshire; Augustus (chestnut), 50 guineas, Captain Belbin ; Lady SPrlghtly II (bay), 62 guineas. Mr. Whit- field; Lord William (piebald), 32 guineas, Captain Belbin ; Lord George (piebald), 56 guineas, Mr. Lloyd; Toby and Tops (black geldings),l2s guineas the pair,Mr Fenton.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIRE GELDINGS.

Farmer (bay), 120 guineas, Mr. Stimpson, London; Punch (bay), 85 guineas, Mr. Sampson. London; Dray- man (brown), .100 guineas, Mr. Stimpson, London; Waggoner (brown), 105 guineas,Mr. Sampson, London; Boxer, (black-brown), 80 guineas, Mr. Dilworth ; Nelson (bay), 52 guineas, Mr. Wadsworth.

-Licensing Matters. ' At the Warrington Police Court on Monday the following licences were transferred :—William Cherry to John Caldwell Itigby, Queen's Hotel, Sankey-st.; from Richard Kendrick Williams to Joseph Hatton, Feathers Hotel, Bridge-street ; to Frederick Mare from Susautah Clare, deceased, King and Queen, Padgate-lane ; from William Charuock to George Albert Jowett, off-licence, 1, Allen-street: and from

Jeremiah Gibhard to Henry Hodgson Foulds, Hop Pole, Horsemarket-street. On the application of Mr. Fisher, solicitor, Mrs. Eliza Howard, executrix of the late Mr. James Clare,was granted temporary authority to sell at an off-licensed house at 35, Ellesmere-street. —At the Borough Police Court on Tuesday William Mercer was granted temporary authority to. sell at an off-licensed house in Froghall-lane ía lieu of Joseph Hatton. •

===== 0002601_19030508_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
PROTECTING THE CHILDREN.

THE WORK OF THE N.S.P.C.C. IN WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT.

Interesting details of the useful work carried on by the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children in the Warrington district were forthcoming git the annual meeting of the Warrington branch which was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall on Thursday last week. Mr. F. A. Frost presided over a large attendance which included Colonel Buckton, Councillor Bennett, Mr. J. I. Watts, Northwich, Mr. McGregor, Plr. W. D. Jeans, jun. (secretary), and many ladies. rvi

The SECRETARY read letters of apology for non- attendance from the Mayor, Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P., Mr. Roger Parr, Col. Cornwall Legh, Mr. Sutton Timmis,lvir. T. Birohall, J.P., Mr. W. Long,, Mr. John White; Mrs. Bleckly, and said many others had been received. The Chairman said the letters numbered abbut sixty or seventy.

THE ANNUAL REPORT.

SUGGESTED NEW DISTRICT OR :ADDITIONAL

INSPECTOR.

The CWAIRMAN said they had met to review the genero work of the branch during the past year, which he thought they would find had on the whole been a highly satisfactory one. They hoped to bt) able to do still better in the future as there was plenty of room for improvement. _ _ _

, The -SECRETARY submitted the eleventh annual report of the committee which read as follows :—The com- mittee have to report a considerable decrease in the number of cases dealt with during the year ended 31st March, 1903. The total number of cases investigated in this period has been 303 affecting 962 children of whom 466 were boys and 496 were girls. In 246 cases warnings were given, 39 were prosecuted, 9 were other- wise dealt with, 8 were dropped, and 1 was on the 31st March pending. The prosecutions (39) which numbered one more than last year resulted in the conviction of 31 persons who were sent to prison for various terms aggregating 7 years an!: 10 months. Twelve other ppr- sons were censured add their cases adjourned to give them a chance of improvement, and two cases were , withdrawn owing to the serious illness of the offenders. 258 of the cases were neglect and starvation, 23 ill-treatment, 3 exposure, 5 ceasing to beg, 5 immoral surroundings, 2 abandonment, and 2 criminal assault.l Upwards of 1,000 supervision visits were paid during the year, and assistance in the shape of food, bedding, coal andclothing has in many cases been provided for families who were in immediate need. There are at present about 500 families in the district under the Society's observation: The diminution in the number of cases has been brought about partly by a continued improvement in the town ;of Warrington and partly by' an alteration which has been made in the district covered by the branch, the town of Widnes, which formerly pro- vided a great deal of the Inspector's work having been taken from this district and added to that of the Liverpool outer branch. This alteration took effect from the month of August 1902. It had become urgent to make some change in this way, as the work in the districts had become heavier than one Inspector could manage. It should be mentioned that the Inspector of the Liverpool outer district has in consequence of the change,begun to find his work beyond him, and there is now talk of either creating a new district to cover Widnes, Runcorn and Frodsham or of employing an ad- ditional Inspector either at Liverpool or here to assist in that neighbourhood. The committee are pleased to be able to report a successful financial year. The activity. of Mrs. Frost and the ladies who have assisted her has resulted in an increased income, and there is a credit balance of £4l 10s. The annual ball was algal, thanks to Mrs. Frost and the other ladies acting with her 'on the committee, unusually successful, the large sum of '£39 17s. 6d. be- ing realized thereby. Miss Broadbent continues to take an active interest in the branch of the Children's League of Pity, and the Society is indebted to her and the league for a most useful sum of money collected in that way. Inspector Hackett continues to give every satisfaction and the committee consider that the general improvement in the district is to a great extent the result of his energetic work. The police in every part of the district are also very good in assisting the Society where their assistance is needed. In War- rington especially the Chief Constable and the force generally have from time to time given most valu- able help. So also have many of the school attendance officers and schbol masters and mistresses. Thanks are also due to the Cheshire Needlework Guild (through the kind offices of Lady Brooke), and the several ladies for gifts of clothing, bedding etc., which are always ac- ceptable. The Inspector has always cases in hand where such things are very badly needed and will be grateful at all times to any ladies for worn-out cloth- ing, old bedding, blankets, etc." Colonel BITCKTON moved the adoption of the report. He said he thought everyone present knew the objects of the Society and the work taken in hand, and was very keenly desirous that it should be carried out as thoroughly as possible. The work of the Inspector had not been as heavy this year, as part of the district had been cut off, but the district that MS left seemed to have provided an enormous amount of work. They could not help feeling what a pity it was that so much of such work had to be done. Before the branch was started people seemed to think there would be nothing for it. to rin hot ;t ro‘,..a of work. The branch had been in operation for ten years and had done an immense amount of work in pro- tecting the children. Of course the work entailed financial responsibility, and the actual responsibility was undertaken by Mr. Waugh and the officials at head quarters, but still it was the duty of the branch to try and provide for its own expenses. He was pleased to say that the Warrington branch appeared to be doing very well.

Mr. MCGREGOR seconded, and said he thought the branch was moving on a little better than it was some time ago. The amount of work left to be done after their ten years missionary work in the neighbourhood was certainly very considerable. He thought, however, that the figures showed an improvement as the propor- tion of CASOS of cruelty seemed to be diminishing. ADDRESS BY MR. WATTS.

Mr. J. I. Wirrs, of Northwich, then addressed the meeting aud said he had the honour of being secretary of a neighbouring branch for some years and had recently become a member of the Executive Committee in Landon. He directed his hearer's attention to the origin of the Society. First of all, he said, Mr. Waugh tried ' to convince the nation that such a thing existed as neglect of children or what was commonly known as cruelty, and he had a very uphill fight to get the people to believe that this existed. Eventually he succeeded in ' convincing a number of his friends to suchamextent that he could hold a meeting at the Mansion House. At that meeting it was decided to form a society to be known as the London Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. The work which the sociefy took in hand was (1) to collect facts to show the necessity for further protection of . children in the country • (2) to get the law altered in order to protect the children and (3) to enforce the law existing at that time. Mr. Watts showed how these objects were accomplished in spite of great difficulties, and in the year 1888 the first Cruelty to Children Act was passed. In the following year the London Society became transformed into a National Society. During the career of the London Society, a number of branches had been formed in the country to carry on the same work that was being done in the metropolis. These branches had been able to show that cruelty was not confined to the large towns or to the slums, but was just as ram- pmt id the small villages and. pretty country houses as it was in the darkest dens of London. He was proud to say that Northwich branch was one of those early branches as, he believed, was the Warrington branch. After the formation of the National Society, a number of provincial branches were founded each year. Mr. Watts referred to the provisions of the Act of 1888, which were (1) to give children the right to .proper treatment, food and cleanliness ; (2) to allow children to give evidence ; (3) to allow one parent to give evidence against the other; (4) to give magistrates the power to change the guardianship of a child who had been ill-treated and whose parents were unfit to be its custodians and (5) to give the right of entry into houses. The speaker showpd the great advantage which accrued from these pro- visions and, continuing, pointed out that the society had gone on steadily increasing the number of branches in the country. Gradually it had been shown that the movement was of national impoitance and in 1895 the , Society received the Charter from the late Queer( Victoria. The following duties then devolved upon it to discharge :—(1) to prevent the public and private wrongs of children and the corruption of their morals; (2) to take action for the enforcement of the laws for their protection; (3) to provide and maintain an organisation for the above objects; (4) to do all other such lawful things as are incidental or conducive to the attainment of the above objects. Mr. Watts proceeded to refer to the constitution of the Sobiety and spoke of the valuable work which could be done by ladies' committees. - elach branch had the power of nominating two members to represent it on the National Council which met in London once or twice a year. The National Council proceeded to elect the National Executive Committee to whoml was entrusted the management of the affairs , of the society. The work of each branch was to take ' charge of cases,collect funds,and distribute literature.ln his opinion those objects might be best attained by sub-dividing the branch into districts and seeing that ' each district had an efficient ladies' committee with an honorer-- secretary and correspondent. The secret of success, in obtaining a maximum amount of funds for a branch lay in appointing a lady representative in every nook and corner of the district. He advocated

meetings of the district ladies' committee at which information as to the work that was being done by the branch should be submitted. The mem- bers of the No rthw ch branch had also found that they maintained a maximum amount of enthusiasm by holding the annual meetings at various places in the district. In regard to the Warrington branch, the meeting could be held at Warrington one year, and at Frodsham or other places the next. This arrangement had the effect of obtaining a different audi- once at each annual meeting, and interesting more people in the work. (Applause). The report was then adopted. THE BALANCE SHEET. •

The SECRETARY read the balance sheet which showed that the receipts amounted to £309 6s. 11d., and the ex- penditure to £267 16s. 11d., leaving a balance in handof £4l 10s., which would go to assist the work of the society in other towns. Councillor BENNETT moved the adoption of the balance sheet which he said was highly encouraging. This was agreed to. ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

On the proposition of the CHAIRMAN, seconded by. Mr. AlcGaEGon, Sir Gilbert Greensll, Bart., was re- elected president.—The retiring vice-Presidents—Lady Greenall, Lady Brooke, and Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P.— were re-elected with the addition of Mr. A. H. Lee who has previously rendered very valuable service as secretary of the brand'. The general committee was re-elected with the addition of Mr. Frost, Mr. Wild, Miss] Norris, Miss Tinsley, and Miss E. Bennett,and the Executive Committee was re-elected with the addition of .Miss Norris and Mr. Wild.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
PILES AND INDIGESTION

CUR ED.

no not neglect FILM. Fistula may follow. ICEUTY'S CURB is the only safe and effectual semedy for inward, out- ward. and bleeding Plies or Fistula. It acts like a charm on the Blood, and causes thnm to dissppear like magic. It is a positve cure for the most acute forms of Chronic Indiges- tion. One bottle will convince you, price Is. lid. Boldby BOOTS and all Chemists.

Post paid from[KEUTY AND CO., HALIFAX.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
THE QUESTION OF COURT FEES.

Colonel MICKTON proposed a vote of thanks to Mr Watts for his address.

Mr. MCGREGOR seconded and asked if steps could not be taken to obtain a larger remission of court fees to the Society. The amount recovered during the year was only 14s. which he considered was very small. The SECRETARY said they were bound to pay the fees and it was only by the courtesy and kindness of the magistrates that remissions were obtained. Mr. WArrs said that owing to the efforts of the Society and the presenting of a memorial to the Chairman of Quarter sessions the court fees were remitted through- out Cheshire. _ _ _

A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
FATAL FIRE AT WARRINGTON.

A CHILD BURNT TO DEATH.

FIREMAN'S SHOCKING DISCOVERY. ~,w -- ,

On Friday the fire bell summoned the firemen to an outbreak of fire at the stables of Mr. James P. Bell, contractor v.nd coal dealer, which are situated at Howley, immediately behind Percival-street. The fire had been noticed a few minutes before by a neighbour named Mrs. Taylor who gavethealarm. Pending the arrival of the brigade,Mr W. Lowe safely removed two horses from the stables. and a number of willing hands assisted to remove hens and produce from the burning buildings. Being entirely constructed of wood and tarred felting the buildings fell an easy prey to the flames. A fierce blaze cast a glare over the neighbourhood, and the backs of the adjoining houses were in danger of being ignited. For- tunately they escaped with nothing more serious than a few cracked windows. Superintendent and Deputy- Superintendent Turner immediately got the briglide at work, and directed their attention to saving those sheds which were not yet alight. A hay and straw shed con- taining a lam) quantity of fodder, and a loft where hay wechoppedb, together with a large hen-cote were en- tirely gutted. Among the debris 'were a waggonette, harness and some machines used for chaff cutting. The adjoining sheds were saved from destruction. Shortly before one o'clock. the firemen were about to leave the ruins when a fireman named Albert Black- shaw, in turning over some burnt straw, found the charred remains of Arthur Bell, a five-year old son of the owner of the burnt premises. The boy was burned almost beyond recognition and his remains were placed in a box and removed to the mortuary where they await a Coroner's inquiry. The sad event was freely discussed in the neighbourhood and sincere sympathy was expressed with the sorrowing family. Mr. Bell says that the deceased was in the habit of entering the shed to look for eggs and in the confusion he had not been missed. Mr. Bell left home at seven o'clock in the morning and did not return home until he heard that his premises were on fire. On arrival he found Mrs Bell in hysterics and unable to give any account of the fire. The deceased and his younger brother were last seenalive at 10 o'clock by Mrs. Hannah Read, wife of the licensee of the Howley Hotel.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
EVIDENCE AT THE INQUEST.

The circumstances attending the death •,t Arthur Bell, the five year old son of James Perciv 4 Bell, coal dealer and contractor, 8, Percival-street, NV,:i was burnt wc).. inquired into by Mr. S. Brig- house, county coroner,and a jury on Monday afternoon. The first witness was James P. Bell, father of the deceased, who stated that he last saw his son alive at seven o'clock on Friday morning, when he leit home to go to business. About eleven o'clock witness was told that his stables and strawshed were on fire. He hurried there and found that the place had almost been burnt to the ground. He afterwards heard that his son had been burnt to death in the stables, and had been removed to the police mortuary. He went there and identified him. The deceased had been for some tinae in the habit of going to the stables and straw shed searching for eggs. Nitness did not know the time the fire originated. His wife saw the lad at about ten o'clock in the yard; he did not appear to have been seen after that time. To his knowledge the lad was not in the habit of using matches, although he might have done so on Friday. There was an incubator in the place; it was working but it was some distance away. It was worked by paraffin oil. Some of the neighbours had said the fire might have been caused by the inoubator being pulled over, but that was not kiJ because he saw it standing afterwards.

Frank Turner, deputy superintendent of the Fire Brigade, gad that at a minute to eleven on Friday morning, he received information that a fire had broken out at the stables at the rear of Percival-street. He went there with die steam engine Major, and several members of the fire brigade. The stables and straw shed which were built of wood and covered with tarred felting were well alight, a portion having fallen in, but they succeeded in saving a portion of the stables and cartshed after two hours work. Just before leaving, fireman Albert Blackshaw was in the act of turning over some straw in the corner of the stable when he dis- covered the charred remains of the deceased. The re- mains were placed in a boy; and the police removed them to the mortuary. He had not the slightest idea as to how the fire originated. The first jet of water was played on the spot where deceased was found, otherwise the remains might not have been discovered. From the position of the truss of hay he was of the opinion that deceased tried to get behind to escape the flames. Mr. .Bell, recalled, said he was not insured against fire. This was a total loss to him, and he would not get any recompense from any company. A verdict of "Accidental death" was returned.

The Foreman (Mr. Whittle) said the jury required the Coroner to kindly express to Mr. Bell their deep sym- pathy with him. They all knew him as a hard-working man, and deeply sympathized with him in his sad loss. The Coroner (to Mr. Bell): That is not an empty expression of regret on the part of the jury. It is very hard for you indeed to lose your lad and your property, It is a sad set of circumstances, and the jury are saying what they really mean both with regard to you and your wife.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Sequel to a Drowning Case at Latchford

Locks.

At the Manchester Assizes on Saturday last the case of Ashton v. The Manchester Ship Canal Company was in the list for hearing, but shortly before it was called on, Mr. Pirkford, K.C. (Mr. Woodruffe Fletcher with him), explained to Mr. Justice Walton, who pre- sided in the Civil Court, that this was a claim by a widow against the defendants for dajnages in conse- quence of the death of her husband; Thomas Ashton, on the 2nd of August last, which was caused by his. falling into the Lataliford Lock. Unfortunately there were 10 children left, and he and counsel for the plaintiff had been 9:inferring iogether with the result that terms had been arrived at with a view to the settlement of the action, but it nust be distinctly understockl that the company did not in anywise admit liability, and therefore that such se.tlemen.t must not in future be taken as any precedent if any future acci- dent should arise. He therefore asked permission to withdraw the record. Mr. Edward Acton (instructed by Messrs. Arthur Brown and Crompton, Solicitors, Warrington), said he was acting on behalf of the widow, and he consented to the terms as mentioned by Mr. Pickford, K.C. His Lordship thereupon allowed the record to be withdrawn. The terms of the settlement were not mentioned in court.

SHAKE INTO YOUR SHOES Allen's Foot-Base, a powder. It cures painful, smart- ing. nervous feet, and ingrowing nails, and instantly takes the sting out of corns and bunions. It's the great- est comfort discovery of the age. Allen's Foot-Base makes tight or new-boots feel easy. It is a certain cure for sweating, callous, swollen, hot, tired, aching feet. Try it TO-DLT. Of all Chemists and Stores. nice is. ltd. ACCEPT NO SURSTITUTE. POST PRE IC WoR Is. ltd. Trial Package FRBB.Address: ALLEN B. Olmsted, 14, Silver Street,Bloomsbury Square, London

===== 0002601_19030508_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
STREET-MAKING EXPENSES.

EXTENSION OF THE TIME FOR REPAYMENT.

A Boon to Property-Owners.

At the Warrington Town Council meeting on Tuesday evening Councillor James Evans moved, in accordance with notice given, that the following resolution of the Council of the 6th December, 1892, be rescinded: " That it be an instruction to the Finance Committee as and from March 25th next to declare the expenses incurred in the niaking of private streets, whenever a majority of owners of the properties abutting on such , streets may desire it, to be private improvement expenses, and to make such arrangements as may be necessary for allowing to the owners of the property referred to a period not exceeding three years for the payment of their apportionments of the cost of such private improvements." Councillor FORSHAW seconded and the resolution was carried Alderman Fairclough being the only dissentient. Councillor EvAxs:then moved "That the Finance and Estate Committee be empowered to allow owners of property within the Borough a period not exceeding seven years for the payment of expenses under the Private Street Works Act, 1892." He said he did not wish to make any comment on Mr. Forshaw's resolution, but it did seem a pity that they shouldhave two resolu- tions on the „same agenda "'paper aiming at the same object. He thought his resolution meant rather more than that of Mr. Forshaw. It was emphatically a resolution of the Council recommending to the Finance Committee a course to be taken. Whether it was emphatic enough to suit Mr. Forshaw he did not know. Mr. Forshaw had suggested that he should ask the Chairman of the Finalise Com- mittee whether he would be willing to submit such a resolution to the committee. He did not think the consent of the committee was needed, the word "em- powered" was sufficient, and he took it that the Finance Committee would not go in the face of the Council. The resolution he proposed would provide that the time for the repayment of street-making expenses would be extended from three to seven_ years. _ _

Councillor FORSHAW said he did not think the reso- lution went far enough. It was simply an authority or power to carry out something. The Finance Committee could please itself. He did not see why the Council should not have the right to definitely extendtheperiod of repayment from three to seven years. If the Council extended the time it was done, whereas if they merely empowered a committee the thing was not settled. The TowN CLERK: If the resolution is passed the extended time will be granted to any person who applies for it.

Councillor TINITION said some people might not re- quire the extension. They might wish to pay in less time but if they wanted the full seven years the com- mittee would grant it. He thought Councillor Evans' resolution was the better one.

Councillor PEMBERTON opposed the motion. It seemed as if the Finance Committee were to have the option. Councillor Tlis'NlON: It is not so. If a man applies for the extension there is no option. Councillor Pzm BRUTON : What objection can there be to Councillor Evans withdrawing in favour of Coun- cillor Forshaw?

The TOWN CLERK : A person would be empowered to pay nothing within the seven years if Councillor Forshaw's resolution were passed. He could wait until the. 7th year before paying a penny. _ _

Alderma' n SmEmbisr-asked witether the time would be extended for those people who, according to the agenda paper, were in arrears? Cries of "No, no." Alderman SMETHURST: lam glad of that. . _ _

• Councillor WILKINSON said he sawno reason for these motions. The cause of the trouble was that some people made no attempt to pay, and at the end of seven years the same thing would apply. If property-owners would come and sign an agreement to pay in yearly in- stalments the thing would be on business lines. Some of them did not recognise the debt they owed. Councillor BARTON said he had thought if they paid the interest every time a demand was made, that would be all right, but had been informed to the contrary. Councillor EVANS, in replying to the remarks made, said that his resolution enabled property-owners to make their own arrangements with the borough- treasurer or Finance Committee from time to time. Councillor Forshaw's resolution meant that they might or might not pay within es seven years. The resolution was then put and carried. _ _

Councillor Fonslism iniisted on putting his own motion to the vote, and the following was then pro- posed "That the time for the repayment by property. owners of private street works expenses be extended from three to seven years." He said his resolution would encourage property-owners to put up more pro- perty and bring more rates to the town. Counoillor PEMBERTON seconded and said he wanted the matter as clear as possible. He held no brief for people who would not pay, and it was unfair of Coun- cillor Wilkinson to suggest that the motion was brought forward on behalf of these people. Councillor WILKINSON said there were certain men who had made no endeavour to pay, and the Finance Committee determined that they should pay. He was quite willing to give an increase of time to the man who was willing to pay year by year. Councillor BENNETT expressed surprise at the Non- Traders advocating this, because it was a step in the direction of that municipal trading the London " Times " spoke of. They were setting up practically as a building society or a bank. They were financing the men who were going to build the houses, and he was surprised at the service of the agitation. Alderman SUTTON said they had passed one resolution and if they passed this they would have to go back, give notice, and rescindthe other. _ _

Councillor DODDS said the municipal trading the "Times "opposed was not one they had expressed any opinion upon. The municipal trading they objected to was that bAtween members of the Council and the Cor- po.vtion. He thought, 14 would be better to carry the second resolution as it was not optional. Councillor LORD said he thought COunwilivr For- shaw's resolution was the better because it was more definite.

A vote was then taken, and 7 voted for Councillor Forshaw's resolution, and 4 against. mu I The MAYOR declared the resolution carried.

The fact that both resolutions were passed, makes it obligatory on the Corporation to grant 7 years for the repayment of street-making expenses in all cases.

CLARICE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent fbr sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Compan- Lincoln.—

FLORILINE —?Ofl THE TEETH AND BERATE.— Tboroughy Cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impuribes, harden the gums, prert.nts tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price Ss. 6d. for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Fiorillo. "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.- 4dirt

—Vir.u.asrac DISCOVERY FOR THE HAIR,-11 your hair is turning grey or white or falling off use the Alma/a HAIR ItErtzwEn, for it will positively restore, in every case, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as we,i as promoting the growth. Price 3s 6d per bottle.—AcLst• To MOTHERS.—Mrs. Wins low's Soothing'Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their 2hildren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the roorautferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural oniet steep, ny relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as !right as & button." Of all Chemists Is lid ner bottle. .Advt.

FOR THE BLOOD :S THE LIFE

===== 0002601_19030508_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED

BLOOD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who hay received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture, It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light,and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it o our subscribers and the public generally:"

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from atatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blood DiseaSes, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvglous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumaqc Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and 11s, each of all Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY 1;100LN. Beware af worthless imitiations.

Light bicycles

mean

LOCAL AGENTS : Mersey Cycle Co., 79, Bridge Street, Warrington. J. and S. Churchill and Co., Cross Larie, Earlestowh. J. S. 14cLeanland:Co., 51, Duke St., St..Helens. Rudge-Whitwortit Ltd., 44, Deansgate, ftiallohester. Rudge•Willtworth Ltd., 101, Bald St., Liverpool.

WHIT WORTHS are the lightest and strongest. Art Catalogue, post free, from Rudge-Whitworth, Ltd., Coventry.

,*Amr" kid„w

===== 0002601_19030508_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Eiffel Tower FLOUR

You can make 15 large, light, delicious and whole- some Buns from a id. packet of Eiffel Tower Bun Flour at a total cost of 3*d. It is so easy to use that a child can make delicious Lemon, Vanilla or Almond Buns with certain success.

Sold by all Grocers and Corn Merchants,

• ' 44 Viz EIFFEL TOWER LEMONADE The nest Summer Beyerage. 2 Geillons for. 4id. , •

===== 0002601_19030508_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and ye i we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced- to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such a:

COCKIirJI3 ANTIBILIOUS PILLS,

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
COG LE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. 0 2; or BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

EADE'S pILLa.

NOTHING TO EQUAL THEM t t

Your truly, JAMBS BROWNS.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

ISO. Rol mley-terrace, Drondeld, Nr. Sheffield. _. October 23rd. 1932.

Dear Sir,—l an sending you my testicamial for voizr Pills I think they ‘re the finest things in the world, and have received great benefit from taking tern. I have also recom- mended them to all my friends, who hare been greatly relieved by them. I shallcontinue to take your Pills when necessary. and will recommend them whenever I can. I have tried several others, trot have not found any to equal. yours. _

EADE'S GOUTPILLS Are perfectly safe in their actloo, elimillte all i2jarion - - matter, and are highly restorative. . . _ . _ _

Bold everywhere in Bottles, Is. 114. end 25. 91.„ or sent post free for steps or P.O. by the Proprietor GBORGIB BUHL 232, Goswell•road, London,

EUMATIC PILLS.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
aE f/E2til4l9S L

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sick Headache, Constipation, Wind,

Weak Stomach. im

laired Digestion,

Disordered Liver & Female Ailments.

Prepared only by the Proprietor, Tao!!As BsI3CTIAM. St. Helena, Lanqbahite, io boxes, is. lid. (56 pills) aud 2s, M. each, with full clincriceas. 6old everywhere.

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS. llnglistTand Foreign Pioture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding a Speciality. Largest St*3lc o Mouldings in the Kingdom. Bead for PATTERN BOOK. New Edition, thoroughly revised and enlarge 4 to Is a P.ges, JUST PUBLISHED. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for r 2 Penny stamps. lmpnrter of Glass. GlctssStock lists free on application.

H. MOROI, 17 aqd 18, GREAT ST. WREN STREET, 81.00MSBUIV, LONDON, W.C.

Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13. eal's Yard, and 41, Neal Street- Telegraphic Address : —'' Rabbitry, London."

ON grade emily—TilE NI 1 pREmIER, £l2 12s. Net. sr 424 is. Monthly. BICYCLES last Free. P.R. Dept,. PRIMER WHO, Cayretzet y. London Dap:4 26. ffalbora Viaduct. B.C.

440?" 41 tit E p Rim:l- °I

less

labour

and RUDGE.

• ILF4OWLES Ar ,Z op - •:-- L ' -1,1r;;S:11 T-31tr . ju. • , , - - -3

ikPP 0 1 Nrfit, s3l ivT P. 4 ....4 ;.„ 41C;11, - - a • V>

===== 0002601_19030508_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
15 BUNS for id.

. ,

===== 0002601_19030508_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'4,

===== 0002601_19030508_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r V -

===== 0002601_19030508_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
i t • • ' t ei • - 1 • , e

s

• •

===== 0002601_19030508_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
IRONWORKERS' MEETING. AMERICA'S PROGRESS IN THE

STEEL TRADE.

MR, COX AND HIS AMERICAN VISIT. Mr. Broadhurst, M.P., and Trades Unionism.

Local ironworkers assembled in goodly numbers at the Parr Hall, Warrington, on Saturday-afternoon when a meeting was held under the auspices of the Warring- ton Branch of the Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers. Tea was provided for about 400, the catering of Councillor James Evans giving every satisfaction.

The subsequent proceedings were presided over by Mr. Alderman Monks. He was accompanied on the platform by Mr. H. Broa‘lhurst, M.P. Mr. James Cox (general secretary of the Association), Mr. F. Monks, Mr. A. H. Crosfield, Mr. C. E. Parker, Mr. Councillor Tinnion. Mr. Councillor Thomas Burton, Mr. W. Burton (Wigan), Mr. J. Elwell (council member for Warrington district), Mr. A. Birch and Mr. J. Rudge. The CHAIRMAN said he would like to take that, the first opportunity, of thanking the Ironworkers' Associa- tion for the very proud position in which they had placed him,by asking him to occupy the chair. He felt particularly proud for two reasons. First because it showed the confidence that they reposed in him, having asked him as one of the " other side" to come forward and preside over what was practically a meeting of the ironworkers' union. The other reason was because the occasion seemed somewhat unique. The object of the meeting was to hear from Mr. Coxhis opinion uponwhat he saw when he was in the United States of America as one of the delegates of the Com- mission which was organised by. Mr. Mosely. The Commission in itself was a very remark- able thing; it was evidence that we in England were not as fast asleep or so dead as some people wished to make out. (Hear, hear.) He thought it showed:4 very great deal of cleverness on the part of Mr. Moselv that •he was able to suggest such a com- mission and it was also evidence of Mr., Mosely's liberality that he was able to organize it and pay the expenses of some 21 or 22 representative members of trades unionism in order that they might see for them- selves something of the conditions under which the trade of the United States was carried en. He had read a copy of the report of the Commission and he could assure them that it was most interesting and instructive reading. There were four or five reports concerned directly or indirectly with the iron and steel trade and he would suggest that these reports be specially printed and cir- culated amongst the members of the Union. (Hear, Bear.) No one could read those reports without feeling that the cost of the commission had been more than repaid by the careful statement of facts which the re- ports contained. He (Mr. Monks) would have the reports reprinted if the secretaries would undertake to see that each member of the Union had a copy. (Applause). He (the Chairman) had seen something of the iron and steel iron works in the United States and one thing that struck him very iforcibly, was the fact that in a great many cases,the managers were English- mem, Welshmen and Scotsmen taken from this country to maimee these large works. It showed that this country was not very tar behind after all, and that there were men in this country who,if opportunity was given them, would show the whole world how to carry on iron and steel works to the best advantage. What we suffered from in this country was that we had not the same opportunities. He was of opinion that if we in this country had had the same opportunities, the same natural advantage and the same favourable conditions which are obtained in the United States, instead of taking the second place as we seemed likely to do as regards iron and steel, we should have made greater progress than they seemed to have done. He was quite sure there was no finer workman in the world than the Englishman of to-day—(a.pplause)—and if the English- man was only given a fair chance he would go further and do better work than any other workman of any other country. (Hear, hear). What they had to do was to establish closer relations and more friendly relations between the workmen and the employers. (Hear, hear). If that could be brought about he wascertain the manu- facturers and workmen would have nothing to be afraid of and no fear of competition whether it came from America, Belgium or anywhere else. It was because he felt that it was incumbent upon everybody to try and bring about this more friendly ,feeling and closer relationship between employer and employed, that he accepted the invitation to preside, feeling that it was his duty to encourage in every way possible this friendly feeling, andhe hoped by so doing to help for- wardsuch a desirable end. Letters of apology for non-attendance were received from Mr. Walter Milner and the Rev. John Yonge. Mr Henry Roberts telegraphed to say that he deeply regretted that he was unavoidably prevented from attending the meeting. MR. COX AND THE MOSELY COMMISSION. AMERICA'S PROGRESS IN THE STEEL TRADE. Mr. JAMES Cox then addressed the meeting on the Mosely Commission's visit to America. At the out- Lset he said.that industrial progress in this country could only be made by complete unity between employer and .employed. We must secure absolute co-operation on, 'the part of labour and capital if we were to hold our I own and make any progress. One of the pleasures of his.life was to attend meetings of that character where ' they could come so elosely together. In the earlier days of their organization, Mr. Broadhurst was one of the zuost active helpers his (Mr. Cox's) predecessors had in building up the association and doing all he possibly could to benefit the workers connected with their trade. Referring to his visit to America Mr. Cox said., that many people who had visited the States had gone to afew of the very best works and had fallen into the unfortunate habit of comparing some of the best , American works with some of our worst. They had *come home with long faces and longer tales as to the ' lost supsemacy of the .iron and steel industory of , this country. He (Mr. Cox) determined that as far as 1 -possible he would not fall into that error. There was no denying the fact that so far as their trade was con- I oerned,Ameriea had made enormous headway of recent f years. It was no use shutting their eyes to that fact -and he would give them a few figures showing the enor- mous strides which had been made in steel making in 1 the United States. In 1870 only 3,031,000 tons of iron i ore were mined in the United States, while in 1901 the j total had increased to 28,887,000 tons. Of pig iron 30 years ago .the outpxt was little more than 1,500,000 tons, while in 1901 it had grown to 15,878,000 tons, and last i -year to nearly 18,060,000 tons. With regard to Besse- mer steel,-30 years ago America only produced 37,000 tons a year, but it had now grown to 9,603,000 tons. In open hearth steel whereas 30 years ago 1,339 tons were I produced, last year the amount produced was 5,687,000 I tons. Thirty years ago the total production of steel I ems 118.000 tons; last year it was 14,994,090. The ques- ' tien might well be asked "How is it that they have made such enormous strides ?" The answer was that they had to take into consideration the enormous development of the country itself and the .corresponding increase in home requirements, and also the enormous deposits of the raw material, and the enormous facilities which the Americans possessed to meet the requirements. With reference to the iron trade itself he believed the Ameri- cans had nothing to teach Its. He had been through many of the iron works and he confessed that if any employer of labonr in England were to call hisattention to pnddling work such as he had seen in the United States he (Mr. Cox) would at once say "Don't pay for , it:' (Applause.) Steam hammers were conspicuous by ' their absence in the American forges, and the old rotary squeezers which were abandoned in this country some gars oso were still in use. The iron trade in America

===== 0002601_19030508_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Friday, May 8, 1903.

was a declining trade, as it was in this country, though' he had no sympathy with the people who said that the trade in this country wa.s entirely dead. He believed it would be many years before that would be the case. He believed we would want iron as long as there were puddlers to puddle it, and the better the iron,the longer the life of the trade would be. (Applause.) In regard to the steel trade in America, the state of affairs was very much different. There was absolutely no doubt ' that America had made enormous progress, and we had very much to learn. The progress, however' was not the result of the employment of better men; but of better methods and more up-to-date machinery. Mr. Cox described several of the processes in use in the American mills, and submitted figures showing. the enormous output of steel as compared with the quantity manufactured in this country. The speaker denied the statement that only young men were employed in the American mills. In one works he saw a puddler at work who was 72 years of age, and he ascertained that the ages of others were 68, 66. 60, and 58 years respectively; men who proved their merits were not discarded after they were 30 or 40 years of age. But a man must prove his grit and worth before he was 40; otherwise he must not stand in the way of younger men who had proved their ability. (Applause.) Mr. Cox pointed out that it would be use- less to copy the Americans in every respect,as in this country there was not the same demand for certain classes of work. If similar mills were erected in England some of them would simply become white elephants. Employers in this country might, however, copy methods which were in use insome of the American mills, and he was glad to know that there were employees in England who were prepared to run a risk by spending money to keep abreast of the industrial times, employers like the gentleman who occupied the chair that evening. (Applause.) The workmen should therefore, do their level best to co-operate with the employers who were prepared to run a risk. If they did so he believed there was no cause for fear as to the future of the trade in this country. He contended that the Americans were slow, considering their natural resources, their enormous quantities of coal and ore, which were easily obtainable. The men who had built up America were Britisher, and what Britishers had done in America could be done in England. In this country we must have a sympathetic attitude towards the workmen on the part of the employers, and on the part of the workmenthere must be a determination that their workshould be of the very best. So long as these conditions obtained he believed he would live to seethe day when, considering all the difficulties they had to contend with, the employers and workmen of England would hold the palm. (Applause.) SPEECH BY MR. BROADHURST, M.P.

Mr. BROA.DIIURST, M.P., who had an enthusiastic re- ception on rising to speak, said it was about 31 years since he attended his first meeting of the Iron and Steel Workers Union. The general secretary was then Mr. John Kane, a man of remarkable ability. (Hear, hear.) He was one of the best trades unionists of his day and did not limit his sympathies to his union or his services to his own society. His wife was one of the most in- tellectual and able womenhe (Mr. Broadhurst) had ever met. In those days trades unionism was not popu- lar, and he was one of those who went about appealing to the men to join the Union for the purpose of pro- moting their own interests. He believed that sound, ' honest, sensible andwell conducted trade organisations were as useful and as profitable to the employer as they were to the workman. (Applause.) After paying a tribute to the work of the late general secretary of the iron and steel workers association, Mr. tsroadhurat proceedect to refer to tho report which Mr. Cox had just presented. It was one of the best descriptive accounts of American industry he (Mr. Broadhurst) had ever heard. He believed it to be a reasonable and truthful report. He had come to this conclusion that after all there was something in this world beside money pleasure. He thought at any rate at his time of life it was perfectly safe for him to say that America with all its business, with all its magnificent rivers,the other side of which one could not see, with all the waterfalls that deafened one, with houses nearly touching the Imoon—(laughter)—he was quite satisfied to spend the reminder of his days in Old England. (Applause). The industrial lesson to be learnt was this, that, take the world through, and other conditions being equal, there were NO BETTER WORKERS IN THE WORE) TtIAI4 BRITISHER& (Applause.) This was the point—if they could bring together the employers and the workmen as they had been brought together that evening,Great Britain could defy the world so far as manufacturing was concerned. (Renewed applause). All depended upon meeting together face to face in a quiet sober room, and if they did so all the nonsense would be knocked out of them at once. He was of the firm conviction that the over- whelming majority of:the workers in this country— whether in iron, steel, stone, clay, wood, cotton, or any- thing else—were so reasonable and amenable to good fellowship and honest and fair treatment that there need be no strained relations between capital and labour if each side would recognize the other as having rights, and if they met before the fire broke out and not after. (Hear, hear.) That was the time when they could adjust their differences and weld together the forces which I otherwise could never be brought into touch. Why Icould not that be done? There was no reason in the world why it could not. The stronger the union the better the opportunity. They could not negotiate with a body which hadino leader and no organization. They i must have organization before they could negotiate; , therefore he had always declared that the Lest organized trades of the country and the strongest unions were the I best friends to commerce and to the employers. , Mr. Broadhurst facetiously referred to the Chairman ! voluntarily taking up a position between the trade union representatives of iron and stone. He thought, ! however, he would live to tell the tale. (Laughter.) What an object lesson? The Chairman's speech was not one got up for the occa.sion,but he (Mr. Broadhurst) believed that every word uttered by the Chairman came from his heart and that he meant everything he said. (Hear, hear.) Supposing the Chairman had been the owner, as it was called of the BETHESDA. SLATE QUARRIES he thr

to-da:

COM-

,1 what would have been the position here y pared with what it is? There they had had three years of misery and of struggle for the bare common liberties and necessities of life, there theyhad witnessedpriva- tions if not starvation, agony, separation of families that would never probably be united again, and all j because one party to a great bargain refused reasonable I negotiations with the men or even to submit the differ- ence to the arbitration of the highest and best men in the land. (Applause.) In Warrington they had a differ- ent state of things and if the Chairman had owned the quarries the present condition of things would not have ; existed. It was a great lesson as to what could be done by each, recognising in the other common birth- , rights, and the manhood, friendship and respect for each other which ought always to prevail in joint undertakings. (Applause.) Proceeding, Mr. Broadhurst said the early 1• workers for trades unionism succeeded in bringing their organization within the law of the land and obtained

EVERY Oh IS3 OF SOCIETY fIA.D ITS UNION.

Did they suppose that the employers did not consult together? They did not want to meet in Parr Hall to do that. (Laughter.) Mr. 13roadhurstappliel his argu- ments with regard to organization to the Church of England, the army, the legal profession, the House of Lords, and the brewing industry. He briefly touched up3n the attitude of the braw3rs with regard to com- pensation for the loss or licences. If the moral and material interests of the country demanded the closing of one house the brewers said the worker must paythem for it. H 3 (the speaker) and the members of the audience had never been compens ited when their labour had been dispensed with on account of inventions which were good for the country. They did not complain about; it and never asked for compensation. Nothing could succeed in this world without. combined action and obedience and discipline on the part of the rank and file of the various associations. For that reason he wanted more workingmen in Parlia- ment. (Applause.) He was not suggesting anything but heasked all present who had heard the dispassion- ate, moderate, friendly, and sensible statement of Mr. Cox,whether he would not besanenormons acquisition to steady the wild forces of the House of Commons if they could get him within its walls. (Applause.) He must go there. There ware plenty of places in the County of Durham that would be glad to take him, and he ttoped the members of that organization would sea- that Mr. Cox was soon elected. (Applause.) In that matter they would have to take action.

LIBERALS WHO DID NOT LIKE LA.ROUR MEN would have to like the:a, and labour man wno did not like Liberals would have to like them. (Hear, hear). They could not have without giving; he who took must also give. The speaker proceeded to allude to the question of taxation and said that at present, the smaller the income of the British subject, the heavier in proportion was the taxa- tion. Those who had the least,paid the most, audit' taxation were adjusted according to the ability to pay it—and his friend Mr. Crosfield had discussed the ques- tion many a time—every article of necessity which the workers consumed would be freed from taxation. (Ap- plause.) He had spoken on this question many times in the House of Commons and a year or two ago Sir IVlichTl Hicks Beach said that if his suggestion were carried out the workers would pay nothing. His reply to that was that the worker gave his life, his bone, his mind, his strength— all that he possessed—to his country in the art of pro- duction and in making wealth, and if he were exempt from taxation it would be no sin because of the services he rendered. He carefully avoided politics that evening but he wished them, whether Tory or Liberal, to think out these things for themselves in the interests of their own families and as a matter of justice to their class. They who neglected to take their proper share as citizens in the transaction of the business and the politics of the nation were unworthy of the rights of citizenship. and should be struck off the roll. (Applause.) He wanted them to be active. Ho did not say .which way they should vote or for what party, but they should read for themselves,as literature was cheap enough and the best newspapers of the land were within their reach for a Denny and many for a halfpenny. Thanks to the efforts of that wise, great and departed statesman, Mr. Glad- stone—(applause.)—they had every means at their dis- posal for reading; the public press of the country had been brought to the door of eVery man and woman. Let them, therefore, find out these things for them- selves. They were masters of the situation, and they must not grumble at what Parliament did. It wiLs they who built it up. They were tnepeoptv.--1.... co if Parliament. They were the creators of it, and f in their folly atd neglect they built up apower which imposed duties on them to which they were not justly entitled then they malt not find fault with those who were in Parliament, but they must find fault with their own neglect. In conclusion the speaker said he. hoped to see the day when Warrington would join Leicester, Woolwich, and all the other constituencies of the pro- gressive nature and help to create a Parliament and a power which should do a great work in relieving the oppressed of the land, and place a larger proportion of the burdens of the empire upon those whose financial shoulders were broader, and seethat justice was done to those who created, as against those who only used that which was created. (Applause). He congratulated them upon that gathering, and he herin-1 that as a result I there would not be a single ironworker in the district who was not a member of the Union. (Cheers). THE RESOLUTION.

Mr. A. BIRCH proposed the following resolution : " That this meeting of ironworkers does hereby note with much pleasure that large and increasing numbers of workmen are banding themselves together to promote their common interests. It earnestly trusts that all workmen 80 combined will exercise the vast potential power already in their hands for theamelioration of the entire conditions of industrial and social life. That trade unions are fatal to liberty, hostile to merit, and that their sole aim and purpose are to raise wages is a delusion based upon a fallacy. Believing that the good of one is the good of all, and that the good of all is the good of one, this meeting is of opinion that the estab lishment of organized bodies with whom employers can treat will diminish the number of strikes and facilitate arbitration. It views with satisfaction that those trades which have passed most peacefully through the changes of the past are those in which boards of conciliation and arbitration or sliding scales exist, and it views with apprehension the great industrial loss and appalling waste of Labour which is taking place where these methods are ignored. It again urges a fusion and amalgamation of interests between employer and em- ployed, and is of opinion that nothing will so readily obliterate the bitter memories of the past, allay the hostilities of the present and lessen the deplorable waste of labour foree in the future as the establishment of a more equitable distribution of profits in therealms of productive industry." He observed that their late leader, Mr. Edward Trow, Mr. William Whitwell and others were great forces in preserving industrial peace in the North of England. In the great transition which had taken place from iron to steel in the great indus- tries in the north, that tnansition had been made with I very little friction mid no strikes. He thought they in Warrington were dfawin,g into line. If they showed a bold front and both employer and employed did their level best, they would be able to more than maintain their own in the trade and commerce of the world. (Applause). Mr. JOHN BUDGE, in seconding the resolution, said he was glad to see both employers and employed repre- sented on the platform. The resolution was c irried unanimously.

employer of labour that had ev3r been delivered -in the town. The speech they had had that evening he also ventured to think would also make its mark, and it had beau deeply instructive and interesting to listen to the speeches which had been delivered by their guests. Mr. Cox's subject was full of instruction, and as Mr. Monks had said, they always appreciated the rugged humour' the splendid sincerity, and the force and vigour with which their friend Mr. Broadhurst always spoke to them in Warrington. (Applause.) He had indicated that night that he might be with them on future occasions. Well, lt was very good of him to come to Warrington as often as he did. They had had hin here a good many times during the past 15 years,and he hoped they would ' have the pleasure of seeing him many more times. (Hear, hear.) Some of his friends, those candied friends that always seemed pretty numerous in the political field, told him that he was getting a little bit long- winded on some occasiens—(laughter)—but he could assure them that he was .not going to offend in that particular way on that occasion. (Laughter.) The vote of thanks was unanimously parried. MR. ALPERKAN MONKS' SERV ICESIACKNOWLEDGED. Mr. PARKER proposed a vote of thanks to the Chair- man, and said he thought 'the more employers could approach the spirit that had been manifested by Alder- man Monks that night, and the more workmen could approach the spirit that had been manifested by Mr. t Cox the better- chance had they of industrial peace ; and industrial progress as well. (Hear, hear.) , I The Ironworkers' IlAssociatian set a grand example i Ito other trades. There were many trades—ane in which ' I he was interested—ia which the unions were very poor and weak. It would be a good thin,/' if they could in- fluence the workmen of other trades to combine, because with a combined set of workmen they had a better , guarantee of industrial peace and progress than they had in isolated action. (Applause.) They were obliged to I the Chairman for the very sensible speech he had given; lin fact he always gave .them a sensible speech. Still ' they were obliged to him from the fact that he had as !an employer come to. the meeting to show his hearty I sympathy with the efforts and objects of the associa- tion. (Applause.) Mr. CoX briefly seconded the vote of thanks which ; was carried.

The CIIAIRMAN, in reply, thanked the meeting for the resolution, and the confidence they had shown in him by asking him to preside over the meeting. It had been a great pleasure to him to do so, and not only a pleasure but a source of considerable profit. If he had in any way helped forward the objects of the association he would be more than repaid for the time and trouble spent in connection with the meeting. During the evening, the Warrington Male Voice Choir, under the conductorship of Mr. Payton, Mus. Bac., very efficiently contributed several glees. Mr. F. Atkinson accompanied. •

===== 0002601_19030508_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
PROTECTION FOR THEIR _FUNDS,

-..----- _ ! What had happened Since the British workingman had I neglected his own interest in national affairs? To-day I the funds of every trades union were at the mercy of 1 the law courts. Under certain given circumstances the i I accumulated savings of years n trades unions might be Ilost through the folly• or the illegal action of an official. The funds of trades unions were at the mercy of employers who could make out a cause of loss in i consequence of trades union action. In other wordsall that bad been gained after 50 years of agitation had , been taken from trades unionists by the judges of the land. (Hear, hear). It was almost lieartbreaking to some who worked so hard, and who gave so much in order to enable the workers of the country to protect tuemselves, to see how little it had been valued by the younger generation and to see the disastrous results 1 that had followed this neglect. Their best organized associations of workers were nothing in effect and power as compared with the organization of other unions.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTE OF THANKS TO THE SPEAKERS.'

The CHAIRMAN observed that they could not separate without expressing their indebtedness to Mr. Cox, Mr. Broadhurst and the vocalists for having afforded them so much pleasure. None of them could have listened to the speeches which had been delivered without having derived benefit from them in so3ne way. 1 Mr. F'. MONKS, who was cordially received, said he would not detain the audience as he knew many of them were in a dry and thirsty land. (Laughter.) He had Isimply to propose a vote of thanks to the gentlemen who had addressed the meeting. He hoped Mr. Cox would pay another visit to America because from the little conversation he had had with him he found he had not seen anything like one-half of the mineral re- sources America could show. If no other commission vs-aslsentithe hoped that at any rate Mr. Cox would be able to pay America a second visit and spend a little more time there. There was one district which would repay'any amount of trouble, arid that was Virginia. When he (the speaker) was there he met a nephew of General Lee, who said that they had re-discovered Virginia, and that they would not go back to the old slave-owning conditions if they had the opportunity. He (Mr. Monks) had listened with very great pleasure to the speeches which had been delivered. (Applause.) Mr. A. H.CROSFIELD who had a very hearty reception seconded the vote of thanks. He observed that when they had their last gathering in Thewlis-street school he ventured to characterize the speech delivered by their present Chairman as one that would make its mark in Warrington. He thought it one of the most import- ant speeches coming from a very capable and able

===== 0002601_19030508_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
TECHNICAL INSTITUTE CONCERT.

At the Drill Hall, Runcorn, on londay night, a high class concert was given in aift ot tne Day School sports. Unfortunately the weather was anything but propitious, and counter attractions also interfered considerably with the audience. Doubtless, however, had local music lovers known the excellencies of the concert there would have been a much stronger attendance. The lack of numbers which might have been worse, all things taken into account, VMS indeed the only, regrettable feature of the evening. The concert from the first note to the last maintaii a high artistic level, and there was nothing but that which made for a distinct musical success. The principal artistes were : Soprano, Miss Clara Collier (Liverpool Philharmonic) ; bass, Mr. William Sweet- man (London and Provincial Concerts) ; humorist, Mr. Reginald Mounttleld ; solo violin, Mr. Whitehead Liver- pool.) The Runcorn Orchestral Society, under the capable conductorship of Mr. Horace W. Handley contributed not a little to the charm of the evening by several choice selections of instrumental music which were played with considerable verve and expression the chief items being "Morning,noon,andnight in Vienna," "Faust," "Pirates of Penzance "and the "Honeymoon." Miss Clara Collier, the possessor of a flexible soprano voice, delighted the audience with her admirably selected'songs "Il Recto" and "Beloved it is morn" the former being, perhaps, her most successful effort. The rich bass voice of *Mr. Sweetnia,n was heard to ad- vantage in" So, Sir Page," "The Golden Vanity "and "Trankadillo." For the latter he was vociferously re- called and obliged by rendering in his best style the famous rollicking song entitled "Drinking." The choicest moments of the evening, from a musical point of view, were those occupied by Mr..l.R.Whithead. As a violin soloist he possesses considerable technical abilityand expressive power and his gifts were fully realized in "Legende" (Wieniawski) and " Valse Brilliante" (Alara). Mr. R. Mountfleld enlivened the proceedings with several humorous and musical sketches. and the audience was not slow to recognise his merits. On being recalled he rendered a humorous parody on "The honeysuckle and the bee." The entertainment was a complete success and the audience showed their delight repeatedly, in no half-hearted way. Mr. Mountfleld,the accompanist performed the duties which devolved upon him in a highly praiseworthy manner.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF CAPTAIN ROWLAND,

RUNCORN.

We greatly regret to announce the death of Captain William Rowland, shipowner, Cunning Place, Liverpool, which took place at his residence Eversley, Moughland- lane, Runcorn, on Monday morning. A short time ago the deceased was operated on by Sir Mitchell Banks, for tumour, but Captain Rowlands gmd nal ly genii in spite of every effort. The deceasml gentleman was his ilwn pioneer to success. He commenced life in a humble way, and by sheer force of character won a high position in nautical circles. Originally commencing life on the boats he worked up a business which received a great impetus with the constrnction of the Ship Canal. In religion he was a Wesleyan and a Liberal in politics. Though in no sense a pi:bile men, the news or his death was a distinct shock to the townsfolk, who lament the sudden cutting off of se strenuous a life. The funeral took place on Thursday afternoon and was very largely attended.

The Mono-rail Scheme. We I:!arn, says the Financial Times " that steps are being taken to push on the construction of the Manchester mono-rail tine from Manchester to Liver- pool, the bill for which was passed in the last session of Parliament. A syndicate has been formed with a capital of £20,000 to exploit they patents of the mono- rail both in this country and abroad, and to promote a company to build the new line.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAWEED AS A MEDICINE.

ITS MARVELLOUS EFFECT UPON THE

STOMACH, LIVER, KIDNEYS AND BOWELS. SEAWEED possesses a natural strengthening, healing and purifying power, far greater than other known remedies. This is now conceded by important authori- ties. It was first introduced by Mr. Veno, and Veno's Seaweed Tonic is the only remedy in the world contain- ing seaweed, for that reason Veuo's Seaweed Tonic is used in hospitals and by doctors themselves because of ; its superior curative properties. Its most brilliant effect is produced in stomach, liver and kidney diseases, and the extraordinary cures it perfornis, even in the worst cases, is positive proof of its efficacy. It is a god-send to sufferers from indigestion, wind, headache. general weakness, kidney trouble, weak and painful back, torpid liver, ferude troubles, poorness of blood, and HABITUAL COniTIPATION. Ask for VENO'S SEA- WEED TONIC. Prices is. 13d. and 2s. 9d. at chemists and medicine vendors.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
-

WAR%INGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. The Organ Transferred to the Corporation. SUGGESTED RESERVE FUND BY MR. F. MONKS.

There was only a small attendance at the annual meet- ing of the Warrington Musical Society held on Monday evening in the Masonic Room Bold-street..

THE REPORTS.

The report of the hon. secretaries (Messrs. W. E. Atkin and F. J. Lord) showed the numerical strength n„f chorus and orchestra to be as follows :—Sopranos 58, being 10 more than in previous season, contraltos 40, being same as in previous season, tenors 24, being one more than in previous season, basses 34, being three less than in previous season. Total chorus 162, or eight more than in theprevions season. This gives a gain in 'numbers of 24 since the close 1900-1901 season. The Orchestra.—Number of members on the books_ (increased of course by professional help at concerts) remains at 33, as reported at the last general meeting. Referring Ito the subscription list,' the hon secretaries said:—The Inumber of subscribers to-the concerts is 142. as against 137 reported at end of last se 'son. The difficulty of still 'further increasing the list is, we venture to think, to be accounted for by the fact that each year there is more and more competition by reason of more anl more entertainments of one form and Another offered to the public, whilst also many of our supporters leaving town and going to live outside find it too far to come to the concerts, and their places are hard to fill. No effort is left unmade each year to gain new support, and it is somewhat disappointing to have to record a loss on the season. We are of opinion that the sale of tickets for the unreserved parts of the Hall may possibly be short of what it should be, in spite of the desire of the com- mittee to make the concerts what is commonly known as popular without detracting from their standard of merit musically. We should like to record our thanks to Mr. Pearson (leader of orchestra),and to Mr. Payton (organist and accompanist) for their loyal help and un-i tiring regularityin attendance at rehearsals; and at the same time desire to acknowledge our indebtedness to Mr. Crossley, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Newcombe and Mr.. Johnson for their help. Also to the members of the committee we should like to express our thanks. The committee has not been called to meet often, but we think this only shows how well they had considered and planned their work, and it is, as always, most gratifying to be able to report an entire absence of the slighest sign of friction or disagreement at all in the work of the season just closed. The HON. TREASURER (Mr. L.W. Reynolds) presented the cash account for the season 1902-1903, from which it appeared that the total deficiency on the season amounted to £l6 14s. Gd. There was a balance over- drawn of £156 16s at the end of the previous year, but it was pointed out that this had been wiped out by the Corporation on condition that the Society's organ was transferred to the Corporation. The MAYOR remarked that Mr. Reynolds was never over-sanguine. If he were they would think they were in clover. There were two special items of increase, season tickets £6 155., and the other tickets .22 10s. There was another matter which might point tea better condition of things, namely, that in lieu of the trains, which were a costly luxury. the trains brought peoplei from a distance, and actually landed the people at the door of the hall. which was far more convenient than ' having to walk from the station. On the whole he was inclined to think that there position was better—at least he hoped so—than it was that time last year. If this progress was slow but sure, they would probably not have much reason to complain. .

STATEMENT OP MR. ATKIN IMPORTANT PROPOSALS.

Mr. ATKIN read lettei-a of apelogy for absence from Mr. .1. G. Critchley, Mr. Crossley. (who was on his way from Cannes), and Mr. .1. Arthur Edlesten (one of the ;Ace-presidents, who expressed the opinion that he should no longer remain in office as change of resi- dence did not permit him to attend the meetings rev larly.) Mr. Atkin proceeded to state that he wished to supplement his report by alluding to three important points. 'For four years the society and the trustees of the organ, for the benefit Of the Musical Society, had been in communication with the Corporaton to tryto arrange a more satisfactory basis. He was now happy to say that to all intents and purposes the matter was now closed, arid that the organ had been handed over to the Corporation on terms which the committee had approved of, and which should' be satisfactory to every member of the society. By that means the society had been able to wipe off the debt on the instrument, and the debt on the society up to 31st December, 1902, so that the figures in the balance sheet of .£156 Ms. 3d. overdrawn were not abso- lutely correct if the arrangement with the Corporation was completed. It was now merely a mattter of form, as the Parr Hall Committee had advised the General Purposes Committee to accept the arrangement. If so the Musical Society hadhanded over the organ which, although a valuable asset, had been ton certain extent a white elephant. They had actually only to account for a matter of .216 14s. Gd.— the debt which had arisen on the working of the past season. It was satisfactory on the one hand, and on the other not satisfactory. He admitted that the object of the sooiety was not to make money, but to pay its way and to afford to the town a certain amount of intel- ieutintra....cautatar.---rne soutcvy-ttaa-r,roy-wptir&c,ll,l.o..o two objects, but had failed to pay its way. It was pro- posed to give an opera in or about October. He was in sympathy with the idea, and hoped it would be a suc- cess. Thanks to Messrs. Bond, Newcowbe, Wallington, and Crossley, the sche ne had been brought to a head. Whilst their friends had been arguing for an opera, other friends had been thinking abotitithem, and for thre3 years from time to time h had had letters from Mr. Monks, one of their vice-presidents urging him to take certain steps, which he had not seen his way to do, namely, to provide a res frill for the society. About six weeks ago Mr. F. Monks asked Mr. CrossleY and the speaker to meethim to discuss the matter. Mr. Monks' idea was that the society ought to be a little more speculative in their engagement of professionals; that they ought to get bigger names and make their programmes more attractive. He (Mr. Atkin) repre- sented the difficulties and Mr. Monks saw that while the society was in debt it would be foolish to embark on a speculittionwhich might prove disastrous. Mr. Monks saw as a man of business that if the society had some- thing that theycould fall back upon to pay any loss then they might venture of a concert or a series of con- certs whichlmight be considered on a more speculative character than the society had attempted. Mr. Monks suggested the formation of-a reserve fund and he would read Mr. Monks' letter to the secretaries :—" I like the proposal to raise £5OO as a reserve fund for the society. It Would give the committee confidence in management and free everyone from the fear of a loss which they could not see there way to make up. This in itself would tend to improve the concerts and make them more successful. At any rate it could be tried, and even if it was all spent in mak;ng good losses incurred it would have been spent in the cultivation of music which everyone enjoys. As I don't know with what success such a proposal will meet, I will put my contri- bution to the fund as the last £5O, so that if the society raises £.150, I will make up the last „£5O, making the round £5OO. The interest in such a fund would form a substantial contribution to the society's :rinctime." He (Mr. Atkin) saw difficulties in raising the ' £5OO, but he was in sympathy with the idea which had been placed before the committee and met with their entire approval. Mr. NEWCOMBE suggested that some one not on the committee should move that the committee take the matter up. Mr. FIELDHOUSE moved that the committee con- sider what steps should be taken in the matter. Mr. DAKIN secondedand the motion Was agreed to.

The CFf A IRAI AN said he believed the Corpiiration in- tended to make Parr Hall available for theatrical per- formances - by enlavging the stage and makiir other alterations. He supposed • that would materially'facili- tate the production of an opera by the members of the society. -(Hear,hear.) Mr. Monks had made a very handsome and kind offer and it deserved the very best consideration that could be giKen to it. In Cathedral towns where it was usual to have a musical festival it was usual to appoint a certain number of stewards. These gentlemen guaranteed to the extent of £5 each and any loss on the festival was debited to them. This scheme relieved the musical society of any debt and at the same time it did not make a very large call on the stewards.

Mr. REYNOLDS said it would be a good thing if they could get a few of their friends who could afford it to give them guarantees.

RE-ELECTION OF MR. PARR AS PRESIDENT. On the motion of Mr. Cir.. Mum seconded by Mr. P. C. PRICE, Mr. Parr was re-elected president. The NfAvou said it was a great pleasure to him to be- long to the society, especially to have the honour of being its president. He was fond of music and of at- tending the society's concerts, where they were always sure of hearing good music well rendered because it was done spontaneously and gratuitously. (Applause). THE VICE-PRESIDENTS.

Mr. ATKIN stated that the society had lost one of their vice-presidents lately by the death of Mr. Robert Garnett. Unfortunately, for some years, Mr. Garnett had been unable to attend the concerts, but for a con- siderable number of years he had been one of the vice- presidents. The following gentlemen were elected vice-presidents: —Messrs. Ziba. Armitage, A. H. Crosfield, John Fair- clough, James Fairclough, R T. Fairclough.F. A. Frost, F. Monks, R. Pierpoint, M.P., Colonel Ridgway, H. Roberts, Roger C. Parr, and John White.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
11-F.-ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

Messrs. W. E. Atkin and P. J. Lord were re-appointed lion. secs.; and Mr. L. W. Reynolds. hon. treasurer. They were thltiked for their services to the society.

Mr. RErsoLus, in reply, said he certainly took a grPst interest in the society, but he wished his friends would give hint less trouble in getting in money. (Llughter). Mr. NEWCONIHE: Are you alluding to the members or the subscribers?

Mr. REYNOLDS: The subscribers. We hnve no com- plaint to makeof_the members.

a Mr. krioN: There is not a siugle defaulting member. (Hear, hear). Mr. RgYNOLDS thanked Mr. Newcombe for auditing the accounts.

Mr. Newcombe was appointed registrar, and Mr. Johnson librarian.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
PARKi,of sltlifornia. Gully, Banctlgo,Vl swears that V1T9,13A.T10 els cured tam of C A.NCE

IN THR

To Mr. PALMER—

3115/01.

I. Frederick ii;rks, of California Gully, near Ben- dingo, in toe Stare of Victoria do solemnly and sincerely declare that this is my Te,timonlal to you on behalf of my cure. I have been a sufferer with Cancer in the mouth for the past six years I went to the horpital and the first thing they did was to take the tongue right out. In two months time, after the operation, the Cancer grew again ; it got larger than before. The doctors said that nothing could be done, so I went home and was put to bed. I asked my wile to get me a bottle of VITADATIO. I took half a bottle that night, and in three days I was able to take oatmeal and sago, and have had no other medicine but VITA.OATIO within my mouth. loan solemnly declare that the world does not know the power of VITADA CIO. lam the only one living out of forty- five oases of Cancer treated last year. and can solemnly swear that only for VI fADATIO I would not be here now. so I think you can guarantee a care for Cancer, as mine was a very bad case; there being no hope, the doetora safd, and now I can take any kind of food the same as before the operation. And I make this solemn declaration conecien:iously believing the same to be true, and by virtue of an Lot of Parliament of Victoria rendering persons making a false declaration punishable for wilful sad Comp.: perjary.

F. PARKS. Declared before me. at Bendige. in the State afore- said. this 14th day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand mime hundred and one.

J. A1:15.9.V1 RS, J. P.

From CI Chemists and Grocers Tba price of Medicine Is 46. 64. and 25. 9d. per battle. For further particulars, Cl It PALMER. MOUNT PLACE, BROOK-STREET, MANCHESTER.

Correapondenee Invited. Write far restintuniiii. OBTAINABLII LOCALLY FRO! Boors, 0a.311 CHEMISTS.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JoHN WALKIcs Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works Bewsey-street, andbl ished bv them at the same place, and also at The xaminer Office, Victoria-road, WIDNES, 32, George-street, ST. }WENS and 3, Market: street, Eara.EsTowN,inthe County of Lancashire.ana arso at High-street, RUNCORN, iII the County of Oho' hire, MAY BTH. 1903,

===== 0002601_19030508_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
—yr es—

===== 0002601_19030508_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
TONG TIE

A SUGGESTION.

Mr. CHARLES WHITE suggested that a concert should be given entirely by the society without professional assistance. It would be very acceptable and show what their townsmen and townswomen could do. (Hear, hear.) Mr. NEWCOMBE: Rims often been considered.

Mr. ATKIN replied that the difficulty was that there were so few suitable works which could be given entirely- by the members of the society. - Mr. WHITE : It, is rather humiliating to have to say so. It is nothing more than a suggestion on my part. The MAYOR: It is one th'e Committee will consider with the assistance of Mr. Crossley,.

The meeting concluded with a vote of thanks to the Chairman.

===== 0002601_19030508_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S MAY DAY.

A DELUGED PROCESSION.

There was nothing traditional about Warrington's 'celebration of the incoming of the " merrie Month." No charming old-time revels, no crowning of the May Queen found a place in the programme of events. Even the sun held sternly Aloof and rain fell in a merciless downpour to the great discomfort of the participants in the procession which cmstituted War- rington's May festival. Formerly the advent of May was allowed to pass in Warrington with scant recogni- tion, but two years ago a number of townsmen con- ceived the idea of holding an annual horse parade. The scheme was taken up with enthusiasm, the cordial support of owners and drivers of horses being speedily enlisted. Of late years horse parades have become the popular form of May celebration in busy manufacturing centres, and it is not surprising that in these days Of industrial activity such events as horse parades should supersede the quaint ceremonies of a byegone generation. The welcoming of May is not, however, the only object for which these parades are organized. The promoters seek to encourage the owners and drivers of horses to taken prid. in their equine charges, and the prizes awarded constitute un incentive to kindly and humane treatment. There could be no two opinions in the minds of those who witnessed Saturday's procession, as to the success which has been attained in this direction. The quality Of the horse-flesh was superb, and the animals were smartly groomed and generally in, excellent condi- tion.

Unfortunately the success.of the parade was marred by wretched atmospheric conditions. There were several heavy showers during the morning and the prospects for the remainder of the day looked gloomy. As in previous years, the horses and vehicles assembled on the plot of land behind the Blue Coat School, and judging commenced at noon. Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall showed their interest in the event by attend- ing, and other olficials and members of the committee were present. The judges had no easy task in arriving at decisions, owing to the uniform excellence of the turnouts. The most valuable prize was a silver cup presented by Mr. Peter Davies, of Warbur- ton, for the best horse in the procession, and the adjudicator awarded it to Messrs. Peter Walker and Son (driver, Scriven). The same firm carried off the silver medal and a premium of Li given by the Shire Horse Society for the best pair (drivers, Whitfield and Darby), and the silver fpedal for the best horse in single harness (driver, Scriveu). Diplomas presented by the R.S.P.C.A. to drivers in each class whose horses bore signs of exceptionally good treat- ment were awarded to Me4srs. Thomas Whit- field, E. Gall, J. Gleave. W. Sudlow, Edward Smith, A. E. Ashton, E. Massey, W. Oxley,J. datton,C. Starkey,T. Buckley. J. Rafter, G. Donaldson and F. Hewitt. The list of prizes presented by the Parade Committee is given below. Lady Greenall distributed the special awards, and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to her on the proposition of Mr. W. P. Rylands, who remarked that Lady Greene!l always took a keen interest in everything that was of interest to Warrington. He thought it showed a most remarkable degree of sympathy and interest in that movement for Lady Greenall to come there on a wet day. Her presence and smiles upon them went, a long way to make up for the absence of sunshine, but he hoped next year the sun would be present so as to leave nothing to want for their complete enjoyment and satisfaction. (Applause.) Sir Gilbert Greenall returned thanks and said it afforded Lady Greenall the greatest pleasure to come there and see that the horses were so well taken care of by the drivers.

Since noon the wea' ther had somewhat improved, but just, as the procession left the ground,rain fell in torrents and continued steadily for a considerable time. This mid the effect of diminishing the number of spectators, and also played great havoc with the gay trappings of the horses. The parade was practically a replica of last year's, the entries numbering almost exactly the same. I Very little originality was displayed in the decorationl of the.horses and vehicles, the unsettled state of thel weather no doubt having deterred manyowners from em barking on anything like a lavish display of orna- mentations. The procession was headed by the Borough Band and next in order came the Corporation Fire IBrigade with the two engines which had been tastefully ' decorated. The firemen with their brightly burnished iiethiota very Mart:- Messrs. -rover Walker anti Sons' turnouts followed. The big, powerful horses were in the pink of condition, and had been brightly adorned with the usual May Day apparel. A long line of turnouts followed, various sections being headed by the Pioneer, Messrs. Crosfield's, and 1 Walkers Brewery Rands. With a view to advertisement, ' many coinNotitprs displayed goods on the vehicles. 1 Messrs. !Crosfield's and the Wilderspool Fire Brig:ides 1 figured in the parade, and looked very spic and span; the members of the latter brigade wearing new brass , helmets. The route traversed was as follows :—Blue ICoat-street, Winwick-road, Tanners-lane, Froghall-lane, ICrosfleld-street, Sankey-street, Buttermarket-street, IChurch-street, round the lamp. Church-street, Mersey- ; I street, Bridge-street, Horsemarket-street, Winwick- -1 street, Pinners Brow, Orford-lane to the Fair Ground, 1 where the procession disbanded. Efforts were again made to swell the funds of local charities by means of a collection along the route; and in addition to a large ! band of collectors there were vehicles specially arranged ' for the reception of contributions. Owing to the miserable weather the number of spectators was not as large as usual, and the collection suffered in consequence, the amoant realized being 25 Last year £3O was. handed over to the institutions. ! The arrangements had been admirably carried out by a large body of officials, and special praise is due to the hon. secretaries for the valuable assistance they render- ed. The ()facials are:—President., Sir Gilbert &reenall; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. H. P. Densham, James Dodds, William Fletcher, C. Jack Son Holmes, William Long, ICollin Maciver, H. Milling, Alderman F. W. Monks, James Monro, Percy Mortimer, Colonel Ridgway, H. Roberts, Peter Rylands, Jame.; Tinsley,. Frank Tinsley, James Tinsley, jun., R. I. Wynne Jones, and Councillor 'John Roberts; hon. secretaries, Messrs. E. Venn land T. H. Pretty; hon. treasurer, Mr. J. Fulton Smith; Reception Committee, Messrs. H. , Roberts, H. P. Densham, William Fletcher (Whitley), James Mai" W. P. 'Viands, and Councillor John Roberts ; sub-committee, Messrs. Broady, Burrows, Robson, Chorley, E. Isherwood, Lowe, H. Milling, jun., Stephen Moss, James Newton, Muskett, J. E. Pickton, F. R. Pierpoint, H. Gordon Roberts, Richard Spann. Judges, Messrs. John Abbott, Thomas Baxter, G. Fairhurst, James Gould, Joseph Knowles, John Longshaw, George Marsh, H. Mawdesley, E. Miller, Thomas Percival, N. Pilling, Robert Turner and 'J. Tiirton : chief marshal, Mr. T. H. Pretty ; referee, Mr. Peter Davies.

THE PRIZE LIST. The following is the complete list of awards BREWERS' VEHICLES. Marshals : Messrs. F. Tinsley, Ivan Fulton Smith, and Isherwood.

PAIR OF HORSES. Owners. Drivers. I Peter Walker & Son, Ltd. Whitfield and Darby 2 ~ Smith and Lowe 3 ~ • Houghton and Henry 11 c Dean and Lee , h e „ • Mold and Ryder h c ~Brocklehurst & Mooney h c /1 O'Brien & Jones No. 1 b. e Savage and Clarke h c 51 Maker and Jones No 2 h e ft Teat and Green C 7/ Harmer and Brown C 11 Palmer and Daniels c Mason and Hedley C - /1 Buckley and Davies SINGLE HORSES. 1 Peter Walker & Son, Ltd., Gall 2 ~Scriven 3 11 Sheridan h c , f Bickers , h c ,7 Johnson he Allen h C /1 Thomas h c , Arnold c ~ Keys c Bell BUILDER:, MERCHANTS' AND BUILDERS'

===== 0002601_19030508_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
VEHICLES:

Marshals : Mes.srs. C. MacTver, James Tinsley, jun., Moss and •P. P. Pierpoint. Owners. 1 Warrin gton Slate Co., Ltd. 9

Drivers. J. Gleave •W. Rustage George Thompson A Evans . . G. Duck CONTRAC MRS' AND CARTERS' VEHICLES. Marshals : Messrs. D. 11facIver, James Tinsley, jun., Moss and F. R. Pierpoint.. Owners. Drivers. - 1 E. Isherwood William Sudlow 2—James Newton Samuel Stokes 3 E. Isherwood Albert Jeffs he James Newton Fred Wilkinson he E Isherwood James Atherton he Robert Dawson c Thomas Lowe Ned Donoughue TANNERS' VEHICLES.

Marshals: Messrs James Hepherd, Robson, Chorley, Muskett and Barrows.

Owners. Drivers. 1 William Long and Son • Edward Smith 2 J. and J. Tinsley Reuben Lingley • 3 Pierpoint and Bryant William Percival .. he' ,1 William Bate c W. Mortimer and Co William Collier James Mather c J. and J. Tinsley Peter Sudlow WARRINGTON CORPORATION VEHICLES. Marshals: • Messrs. James Hepherd, R. ChorleTy. Muskett and Burrows. . Owners , .. Drivers. . 1 The. Corporation- .. A. E. Ashton .-) - -. f V Peter Emmes 3 7, Martin Brannan he „ Charles Holden C 2, • Joseph Gibbons ,C f , Joseph Taylor C ~ Charles Hankinson c - „ Thomas O'Brien COAL MERCHANTS' AND DEALERS' VEHICLES.

- -------- Marshals: Messrs. W. H. J. Jenkins, Broady and Newton.

Owners. - • Drivers. 1 W.W. Westwell and Co. Edward Massey 2 W. and J. Richardson Dawson 3 W. Mather W. Mather hc W. W. Westwell and Co. George Barlow h c Peter Eden h c Pearson aria Knowles Co. (Coal Depot) Walter Heesom C ff John H. Henshall C W. W. Westwell and Co. Peter Green. CORN DEALERS' AND MILLERS' VEHICLES.. Marshals: Messrs. Jenkins, Broady and Newton. Owners. Drivers. 1 James Fairclough and Sons William Oxley 2 William Barlow and Sons Peter Warburton 3 W. J. Strange John Henley h c James Fairclough and Sons Edward Hunt ho ,f 2, Henry Gamble c ,f ,/ James Parsonage c William Jackson BAKER' ~S', GROCERS', AND MINERAL WATER MANUFACTURERS' VEHICLES. Marshals: Messrs. C. Jackson Holmes, H. G - Roberts, R. Spann, and A. Ferguson. Owners. Drivers. 1 William Monks J. Hatton 2 J. B. Isaac J. Highani 3 Peter Leigh J. Williams 11 c Stothert and Son W. Cartwright, Ii c William Owen and Son Sam Shaw . c John Perin John Perin d, F. R.. Pierpoint Peter Carter c W. P. Stringer Jas. Fleming MISCELLANEOUS VEEIICLES. * Marshals: Messrs. C. J. Holmes, H. G. Roberts, E. Spann, and A. Ferguson.

HEAVY CLASS. Owners. Drivers. 1 George Howard Charles Starkey 2 Forshavv and Son J. Clarke 3 Monks, Hall, and Company Edward Monks h c United Velvet Cutters' Ass. James Harrison * h c J. M. Greenhalgh George Ratcliffe h c George Howard John Ratcliffe h c Consolidated Petroleum Oil Co., Ltd. William Lowe c James Toole George O'Hare c Thomas Lowe Pat Hessian c John Thomas Robert Isson c George Howard William Douglas c Pendlebury I Herbert Jones LIGE' CLASS. ...

Owners. ------ --- ---- Drivers. 1 J. and G. Greensll Thomas Buckley 2 Garland John Dickinson 3 Forshaw and Son J. Robinson he Caldwell, Limited Alf Jones he Albinson and Sons Joseph Whittle he James Toole Janos Garland he S. N. Green he A. Mvnekyme Joseph Harrison t c Joseph Craik, jun. Crozier c Hickman and Sons James Hewitt c A. Mynekyme W. Harrison c Fred Bailey A. Longshaw c Thomas Hutchinson R. Battersby VAN-HORSE TURNOUTS. Marshals: Messrs. F. R. Pierpoint, Lowe, and Piekton.

Owners. Drivers 1 William Monks James Rafter 2 Warrington Slate Co., Ltd., .1. Wells 3 W. and J. Richardson Dowd and Parker FISH AND MILK DEALERS' VEHICLES. Marshals; Messrs. Pierpoint, Lowe and Pickton. Owners. Drivers. 1 J. M. Porter, Ltd. George Donaldson 2 P. Faulkner P. Faulkner 3 J. M. Porter, Ltd. Thomas Healey COVERED FURNITURE VANS. Marshals: Messrs. Pierpoint, Lowe and Ph' Owners. Dri WE 1 R. Johnson Fred 11( 2 Buckley and Co. George 3 f , Sam W ' h c ~James i c ~ Harry B

===== 0002601_19030508_art0128.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19030508_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
EA RLESTOWN MAY QUEEN FESTIVAL .1- 'virtu. BE ELD ON THE MARKET GROUND, KINDLY ar THE URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL. oN SATURDAY, MAY 30TK, 1903. IZES GIVEN FOE THE NEATEST AND CLEANEST A„,%4aDESMEN'3 TURNOUTS, BICYCLISTS IN CHAR- AND TABLEAUX. f 4bose Wishing to compete for prizes must pay an entrance tle a6d each, and name to be given to the Secretary. All nse taking part in the Procession must be on the ground not later than one o'cleck. Suitable trains fro,‘ all stations. 8 RILYUSTER, Secretary, Oxford street, Eariestown:

WHIT-WEEK HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHERS SHOULD PAY A. VISIT TO THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT LARGEST STOCK OF NEW AND SECONDHAND FIELD AND HAND CAMERAS. LENSES, RTC. IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY. POST FREE. THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT 71. DXFORD ROAD, NEAR ALL SAINTS MANCHESTER.

110 L D STREET WESLEYA.N CHURCH WAPRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MAY 10th. At 10.30 Mr. JOHN ursori. At 6.30 Rev. JOHN GUNNBLL. All welcome. Hymn books provided.

UPON MY SOLE. I STAMP THE PRICH IN PLAIN FIGURES I WANT Bs. 6d. AND NO MORE FOR THE BEST PAIR OF BOOTS AT ANY OF MY BRANCHES. ARTHUR EVANS, 5, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

13 WS E Y ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-KORROW (SUNDAY) MAY 10th. At 10.30 Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. At 6.30 REV. R. WILKINS BEES. All welcome. Hymn books provided.

VIOLIN.—NEW METHOD by SEITCIK, tutor of Kubelik and Kocian. For terms apply Mr.' T. BOOTHROYD'S VIOLIN, MANDOLINE, ZITHER, :BANJO AND GUITAR 87U-DIO, 9, SURZ•STRERT, WARRINGTON.

7) C 1 -LBORNE-STRE ET, BAPTIST CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORBOW (SUNDAY). MAY 1 C th. HRRBBRT DUNNICO. 14°R3Lvo 10.30 —The Ordinance of Baptism will be observed. 14t'fING 6.30.—" Why men ddn't attend Church." All seats free.

THE CoRPORATION OF WARRIMAON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Boaotroa TREASURER, Municipal Offices. Warrington. SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's FAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. Bd. (to measure) TROUSERS, Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND 00, LIMITED, 65, Byrom-street, Liverpool, All goods sent carriage paid.

NEXT 'IUKSDAY, MAY 12TH, PARR HALL 411' R. H. 13,AltSON'S " ALBANI " CONCERT 44.10 AME ALBANI, TIE QUEEN OF SONG, 4185 MURIEL FOSTER, THE CELEBRATED CONTRALTO, E. SANTLEY, THE WORLD'S GREATEST BARITONE. MISS ADELA VERNE• SOLO PIANIST. '/3/1. BEATRICE LANGLEY. THE EMINENT SOLO VIOLLNIST. CONDUCTOR: MR. THEODORE FLINT. SECURE YOUR TICKETS A.T 10 BOLD STREET. THE RECORD TOUR ALSO 200 is, TICKETS AT DOORS AT 7 30. . ALBANI, TUESDAY NEXT, AT 8 P.M. LIVERPOOL DOG AND CAT SHOW. MAY 13T0 AND 14TH, NORTH HAYMARKET, CAZNEAU STREET, 130 CLASSES. 160 CUPS AND SPECIALS. A. McKENZIB, HON. SEC, E. GREAT CHARLOTTE STEEET. LIVERPOOL.

4„IERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS! Every workman should have one of flikeUWS cele- brated 4s. 6d. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them .-65, Eivaosir-grugrr. Liverpool.

ITAIK COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE TAILS OF ) FROM -LI HAIR FRAMES, PURE 5/6 FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIL T S BROWN, 3, LIME ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

HARCOURT'S PENNYROYAL, STEEL AND TANSBY PILLS, THE BEErr REMEDY POR ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS. BOXES lilt. 2/9, 4/6, POST FREE 25, OXFORD GARDENS, KENSINGTON, W.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAN, NBROKERS. JEWELLERS, ANDI SILVERSBILTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND STLVER BOUGHT. AU transactions in aocordance with Actof Parliament. Strictest secrecy and strai2htforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Cloaks, Pictures, &c., &c., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BARGAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY, LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARP PINS, BROOCHES, &c., &a We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES 13Y YOST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. A Oareblly Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES. BRACELETS. &a. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit: all Pockets. M'LAINE'S RICHMOND I'REET, LIVERPOOL.

GREAT CENTRAL RAILWAY. SEA7-.ON EXCURSIONS-SIAY & JUNE. FOR PARTICULARS OF EXCURSIONS AND WEEK- ND ARRANGEMENTS IN CONNECTION MTH ME ABOVE SEE A.B.C. PROGRAMMES, WHICH BE OBTAINED FREE AT THE STATIONS OR ANY OF THE COMPANY'S TOWN OFFICE OR AGENCIES. Xanchester, 1903. SAM FAY, General Manager.

e"SHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOLARSHIPS, OirgE'VEfE TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION COMMITTEE ' FOR COMPETITION. NUMBER OF SCHOLARSHIPS tenable at the "cult tor a llral and Horticultural School, Holmes Chapel, tut, rriod of three years, for instruction in Agricul- -22 'ac.tand the Sciences underlying the same. bklb NUMBER of SCFIOLARSEIPS tenable at the nail?: INSTITUTE, WORLESTON, for a period of Ca",seeko, and commencing on June Ist, for instruc- "t "4111, Wot k. Forms of application for each set RICHARD P. WARD, Organizing Secretary's OffiCe, Crewe. LIVERPOOL AN n NORTH WALES.—REGULAR pAILY SAILING-Et (Sun Jays included). Commencing PrfttY. May 9th. By paddiesteamer " Snowdon," leaving bee s Landing Stage (weather and circumstances permit- at 10-45 [tan, for Llandudno and Beaumaris, allowing 3 nrs ashore at Llandudno, and due back about 7-15 p.m. ....DeCial increased sailing* for Whitsuntide Holidays, Day Week-,:nki fares let Saloon Return (Llandudno) Sc Eturnaris) Sc 6d, 2nd Saloon Return (Llandudno) 3s 6d (444,Urearis) 4s gcl. For particulars as to Rates for Season ,otets and all further information apply to the Liverpool North Wales Steamship Company, Ltd., T G Brew, teary, 40 Chapel street, Liverpool. Tel. No. 6366.

THE THE EMPIRE THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRIC FURNISHING CO., EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE 300 AND 302, EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE STOCKPORT ROAD. EMPIRE THE 6t THE -on -M. MANCHESTER, Business EMPIRE EMPIRE hours : 9.a.m: to 9 p.m. • Saturday 10 THE THE p.m.; Wednesday .1. p.m. "ME Why envy your neighbour's home? EMPIRE THE Tn. We will make your home cosy enough THE EMPIRE EUP""'" with WELL-MADE FURNITURE THE THE on our EMPIRE EMPIRE THE EASY PAYMENT SYSTEM THE EMPIRE at strictly CASH PRICES, which is the EMPIRE THE reason of our THE EMPIRE EMPIRE TEE GREAT SUCCESS. THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THE Intending Purchasers would do well to THE EMPIRE iNspEcr OUR STOCK AND EMPIRE THE JUDGE FOR THEMSELVES. THE EMPIRE General terms which can be altered. EMPIRE THE Terms: THE EMPIIII3 Worth. Monthly EMPIRE THE £lO los. THE EMPIRE £l5 l4s. EMPIRE THE £2O l6s. THE EMPIRE £3O 24s, EMPIRE THE £5O 3os. THE EMPIRE Or weekly payments in EMPIRE THE proportion. THE EMPIRE No security and only small deposit. EMPIRE THE Transactions private. Goods sent free. THE EMPIRE Catalogues sent post free. Cars pass EMPIRE THE the door, and the conductor will set you THE EMPIRE down " by request " at EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE, THE EMPIRE EMPIRE THR Corner of Milton Street. THE EMPIRE We pay return railway fare to each EMPIRE THE purchaser, from districts where this THE EMPIRE (paper is circulated.) EMPIRE

ALLAN LINF,..-10 CANADA, UNITED STATES, RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA. PA RISIN SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. % —Tv A. ..Quebec and Montreal May 14 Ph, ok, 1301.13n.Y ,t, ..Quebec and Johns N F. Hauontreafax & Phil. ?day 16 CIT 4ORIAN ...... . Ml V t May 21 Pali, /14' CALCUTTA Calcutta May 21 0 "'IAN .St Johns N.F. & Halifax May 23 Canada, Saloon from £lO. Second '4l f6e't S.; Third Class £5 ICs, To India, £37 108. and gtete,,..;l,lC-seiculars apply to ALLAN OvvlcEs,lo3,Leadenball E.C.,'and 19,; James-street, Liverpool.

SO -ECIALLY SUITABLE 111„, INVALIDS. MALT EXTRACT WITH °D LIVER OIL (BARLEYCORN BRAND) Is an exceedingly nutritious fool, furnishing a large amount of nourishment in a smal. space, mut at the same time supplying fat and assist- the digestion of other foods. On this account it ia specially suitable for invalids, delicate Persons and weakly children. The malt extract is made in vacuo from the best malted barley. Prepared in this way it is far more valuable than when fermented. Lat. ke bottles, containing as much as would be Be. or more for by other leading makers, are sold by 130.Y1S CASH CHEMISTS 01 FOR IS. 02D. Smaller Potties, 3s, 9d. size for Is, lid. Trial bottle, 2s. size, Bid. LOCAL ADDRESSES: 126. 13RIDGE STREET, 5 ) J ‘- WARRINGTON. , BRIDGE STREET, No* 120.

BE SMART. BE CLEAN. WE DYE OR DRY-CLEAN DRESSES, SUITS, CURTAINS, DRAPERIES, S.T.C. AT SMALL COST AND DO THEM WELL. GOODS RETURNED (CARRIALfh PAID) IN A FEW DAYS. WRITE FOR PRICE AND COLOUR LIST. DEPT. I, GREENHALGH'S, LTD., DYERS, BURNLEY. aS. 3D. DRESS LENGTHS oi. OD LADIES, DO NOT FAIL TO SEE OUR NEW SPRING AND SUBMIT/ DIfIIS FABRICS, DONRGAC TWEEDS. ZIBELINES. COSTUME CLOTHS. ETC. ETC. GOOD SELECTIONS OF BLOUSE FABRICS. PATTERNS POST FREF:. OUR GOODS WILL GIVE EVERY SATISFACTION. DRESS SUPPLY COMPANY, 12, BACK LANE, BRAMLEY, YORKS.

SHOPPING BY POST SAVES YOUR TIME AND MONEY. Send to day for Patten:lL and Self-measurement forms of WONDERFUL SUITS (serges Sc. Tweeds) made to measure at 25/- 17s. 6d., 21s. 6d., and 255. 6d. BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD. No risk. Fit guaranteed. Money returned if not as adver- tised. We pay carriage to your door. EDWARD GROVE, 37-41 Lower Marsh, LONDON, S.R. Established 70 years.

A THE LATEST FASHION BOOKS AT LOWE'S, G )LBORNE STREET, WARRINGTON ALSO A GOOD CIRCULATING LIBRARY. MANCHESTER, LIVERPOOL, & LONDeN DAILY PAPERS. RUBBER STAMPS A SPECIALITY

ACCOUNT BOOKS, Sze. _.IIADE TO ORDER. 4XAMINER PRINTING OFFICE. WALKER EXAMINER Or"'ICE, PRINTERS t BOOKBINDERS. IFLEPHONE, 355 Y

ESTABLISHED ?872, JOHN SHAW &.7 SON, WATCHMAKER AND AWELLERF. 52, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER. J. SHAW b SON invite inspection of their splendid STOCK of GEM RINGS, from 20s to £lOO. GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS, and Long GUARD CHAINS. J. SHAW it SON'S Si eciallty :—Gent's High. cla INOUE...If 1.1 YR-1i V, ATellitS, 18-ct. Gold, from £ll 11 Silver, ftcrn 31/6, TT#eihl vtilue. I erve arForlitent of 801 l Silver and Jilt ctro-plmed Roods, euitale tot- Wedding an other Presents. &c. REPAIRS DONE ON THE PREMISES. A staff of competent men kept TELEPHONE NO. 5,267.

• TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class ARTIFICIAL TEETH Sets, 201. Inlaid Gold, 405.; Inlaid Platina, 30s, Guaranteed. -311ACDONALDS PAINLESS SYSTEM A Household Word. MACDONALDS TEETH Fit and qnality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 405. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record Says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say: Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WiNLAMES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 11, RYLANDS-ST AT MISS TURNER'S, WEDNESDAYS, 11,t0 7,30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHU CH-ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 J.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

NOTICE. SEED WAREHOUSE. GOLDEN SQUARE, MARKET PLACB, WARRINGTON. BUSINESS IS NOW CARRIED ON AT ABOVE ADDRESS BY GEORGE STARKEY.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD awn BITTER ALES ALLSOPP'I3 MILD AID BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S MOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEHR. • To be had in CASE or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM! WINWIOE ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Sorew-stoppexed Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms: No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and EP cond-band Furnitore and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Purnituie, &a., warehoused,

TOBACCO, CIGAR S. CIGARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS. OF WM. HARGRAVES, 44, SWAN-STREET, MANCHESTER Established 69 Years.

T. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33. MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWN, A LARGE QUANTITY OF BACK NUMBERS OF CASSELL'S PERIODICALS AT A REMARKABLY LOW PRICE, IRSPUCTION INVITED. AGENT FOR THE WESLEYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

UPHOLLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL, BOARDING 1.) SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Fifteen miles from Liverpool. REV. D S RENNARD, B.A.

A BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS ; beautiful country. " Write to-day for Illustrated Prospectus. SItCRETABY, Walsall Commercial College, Walsall. Staffordshire.

UNIVBHSITY SCHOOL, tiouni.Puta, A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS. T. ISHERWOOD, M.A., LL.D., DAIL., Principal.

mR. FRED PO OMORE. PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, RECRIVRS PUPILS on piano and organ. Central room, Reduced terms for Juniors. Open for engagements. —Apply 32, LOVELT•LANE, Warrington.

LADIES' SCHOOL. ziUNNYSIDZ HOW DEN EAST YORK S H IRB. —Principal, Bliss SUGDRN The Next Term will commence May 6th. Vacancy for Governess Student ; small premium. - BURCHALL (late Assistant of the Misses Rimmer. Vidron Patten-street) is prepared to receive Pupils for Pianoforte. Vian,land Theory.—For terms apply Bruche House. 320, Manchester-road, Warrington.

VAIRHAVEN HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS L neat St. Annes-on-Sea.Bracingposition,seaside,extensive RCCOMITV, nation High-class Modern Education. Staff includes lieslden, B.A. Mistreas. and nine Certificated Teachers Exams. successes. Principal : MISS MILLE N.

ARROGATIL—TRINITY COLLBGH.—EfeaA Master, Mr 3 P HUGHES, assisted by re,i lent University ynen and visiting masters. Fine sittntion, modern appliances, crioket and football field, tennis courts, swiramin; bath. gymnasium. Good results in all!Exa,ninations.

VIR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of 111 Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY. HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prises gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

T) OS NE INT ATH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, WRICXHAM.— Principals Miss Evans ncl Miss Jones, Beautiful house and grot is, hockey, tennis, cybling, gymnasium, great attention to music. alt. molern languages ; resident gradu- ates and other mistresses ; recent successes in Lon/. Matric Cambridge Locals and Asseet: Board, R A R C M, in- clusive terms,

SOUTLIPORT MODERN SCHOOL SCLRISBRICFC NEW ROAD. HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Hr*DuksrEß-3 C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., F.R.G.S. NEW RESIDENCE for tiOARIMM: recently opened. THE SOUTHPORT VISIT Eli 99j : " The School is now undcubtedly one of the very best of its class i Southport."

- 111. MEN' Why su?fe from 'pains and misery caused by ervousnei Premature Exhaustion, and Wasting Weakness ? Send fo my bock, which shows hew every man, young and old, can he thoroughly and quickly cured without STOMACH MRDWINE or ELECTRICITY. Specimens of letters received, aud gvarsnteed genui "I cannot find words to express nw ,tina.t.th am. need to think I never would gec cure 1. I wish I had seen your advertisement at first, I shonld have saved many pounds.—G.F M." '1 naye carried out your Instructions, and am now per fePtly well Book sent sealed, post free, for two stamps. LNIGH. 92 and 94 Great Russell Street, London, W.C. Sendat once and be cured. 12 Years Continuous SacoeeP

WILCOCK & SADLER, (LATE WITH MESSRS. J. & W. DUTTON). UNION BANK BUILDINGS (TOP OF CAIRO STREET.) WARRINGTON. FURNISHING AND LINEN DRAPERS. CALL AND :NSPECT THE NEW PREMISES NOW OPEN, WHERE YOU WILL (SET THE, BEST VALUE AND ATTENTION POSSIBLE. GRAND DISPLAY OF CARPET SQUARES BEDSTEADS AND LINOLEUMS BEDDING WIrDOW BLINDS • FIRE SCREENS FAYCY FURNITURE HOUSEHOLD- DRAPERY TABLE LINENS KEPT IN STOCK HEMMED READY FOR USE.

STARTLING REVOLUTION IN CYCLES. PREMIER BICYCLES, BEST ROYAL GRADE, REDUCED TO 12 GUINEAS, GREATLY IMPROVED MODELS. THOROUGHLY UP TO DATE. J. S. GARLAND INVITES INSPECTION AT THE SHOWROOMS. 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON

,SAM. N. GREEN, IRONMONGER, AMMUNITION DEALER, THE SPOT SHOP, FISH MAILKET, WARRINGTON. NOBEL'S BALLAEME AND3EMPIRE CELEBRATED CARTRIDGES. NURSERY tlitE-GUARDS, FARM TOOLS, GARDEN TOOLS, FENCINLI WIRE, WIRE NETTING. VARIETY AND 'VALUE UNEXCELLED.

M. C. D. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT :SPRING SHOW OF NEW7._SUITS, ILARGEBEVARIETY THAN EVER.] MENS,' YOUTHS'. AND BOYS' 'SUITS, HEAT I MADE OR TO MEASLRE. 8 & 10 HORSEMARKET Sr. WARRINGTON.

G. AND J. WEAVER 88, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. CABINET MAKERS AND UPHOLSTERERS ANTIQUE; FURNITURE DEALERS, ETC., :SOUND:AND RELIABLE: FURNITURE/ATIREASONABLE:PRICES.h REMOVAL CONTRACTORS BYEROAD:IANIj: RAIL TO ALL 'PARTS :OFINTOWN AND COUNTRY. WAREHOUSE AND WORKS': FRIARS GREEN. TELEPHONE No. 357 Y.

: PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, 'BRIDGE STREET WARRINGTON • LARGEST BOOT W ..11LEHOL%:: E IN THE COUNTY. 100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVELING :S EWES. IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON, 129 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER W NICHES. (BY ALL DEM LEADING MIKERB) SOLID SILVER ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OP EvERT DEBCRIPTIoN. 30 TO 50 PRY CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old ...old and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Motley advAno, on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches. Plate, &t., to any amount at low rates of interest ; :trict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive Prompt attention. TELVPFIONE. 2061.

PURE CEYLON TEA. IMPORTED DIRECT FROM GROWER IN CEYLON. THE ONE-PROFI 2 TEA. SAVE INTERMEDIATE PROFITS BY PURCHASING YOUR TEAS FROM JOHN ASHLEY, 61, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. !ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDRE) TO.

LIPP PIANOS. TO-DAY THE " LIPP "IS A MUCH MORE POPULAR PIANO TH AN THAT SOLD BY ANY OTHER OREIGN MAKERS IN THIS COUNTRY,SOME OF WHOM HAVE BEEN ESTABLISHED IN ENGLAND FOR 20 OR 30 YEARS. CATALOGUES FREE FROM THE SOLE AGENT. B. WADS WO tall, 59, SANKEY ST., W ARRINGTON. GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Pnblls. Sold by all Grocers and Drugglsts,l%. Oanlstes bd., 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by 3. GEDDES AND SON. LTD WARRINGTOB ESTABLISHED 1833.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, MPLOYERS' LIABILITY. ACCIDENT & DISEASE Small Pox. Scarlet Fever Typhoid, Diphtheria &c. BURGLARY & FIDELITY INSURANCE; RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. Established 1849. ..LAIMS PAID £4,600,000 84, CnRNHILL,WINDON. A. VIAL Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents wanted in unrepresented ciistricts• AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr.W.H. RlGBEY.Nesseliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latehford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-strees Hay dock Mr. J. BILLINGEThe Willows 2andbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW Rookery Bridge Parnworth Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON,MoerfId House

()N SALES, Splendid Clement-Panhard Voiturette, q h .p., three speeds and reverse ; sound coudition.—W STANLEY, Park Place, Warrington.

500 F unheardßiilGlFTS FoTf offer.of 5 P aruilna eras C 1 Y„eel e for £5 CYCLE CO., 17 Mentone street, Leeds.

HIGH-CLASS MOTOR CYCLES 2f h.p. diamond frame, triple head, designed to withstand speed and rough roads, £4O guaranteed.—Send for particulars BURDEN BROS , Motor Manufacturers, Excelsior Works, Salisbury.

HIGH—CLASS MOTOR CYCLES, 2i h.p. X diamond frame, triple head. Designed to withstand speed and rough roads. £4O, guaranteed —Send for particntars,BunDxs BaoB, Motor Manufactnrers, Excelsior Works. Salisbury.

A CETYLENH GAS LAMPS, PRIM 4s 6d each, better IN quality 6s 3d each, cycle capes post pakd 2. 9.1 each, cape straps 6d and 9d eacb,post paid;luggage carriers 2s each, post paid. Trade terms on application.—RivEß CYCLE Co., Wolverhampton.

LIREB.—CYCLES—FRBS. Cycles, Motors mid Ames sories, direct from Factory to Rider, 3000 new and second-hand machines actually in stock, from 30s. each. B.S.A. and Radie's machines marvellous bargains in Acces— sories. Free to any address, 80 page Catalogue Wholesale priced, Bye opener to all. 50 per cent, cheaper than others. Agents wanted—WARRILOW & Co.. Weston-suler-Mare.

QENT'S HIGH-GRADE SAFETY for Ssle ; bargain; new at Christmas ; net soiled ; free wheel, rim brake. silver-plated rims. Dunlop licensed tyres ; latest 1903 ; all accessories ; elegant machine ; cash urgently required ; sacrifice £4 18s, the lot ; approval with pleasure ; worth double.—K. GILL, Waveney-villa, BeacL-road, Weston-super- Mare.

OLkDE AND C 0 . TIER PIONEERS OF THE CYCLE TRADE IN LIVERPOOL. BOLE AGENTS FOR EXCELSIOR CYCLES & MOTOR CYCLES. Manufactured by Mesers• Bayliss, Thomas & Co., Coventry. NEW RAPID CYCLES, Long Cranks and High Gear. " GLORIA " CYCLES. A Perfect Cyeleat a Low Price, viz: £lO 10s. Inspection Invited. Price List Free. 57—BOLD STREET-57, LIVERPOOL-

DON'T BUY BOGIE OR POOR TYRES. REAL 1903 DUNLOPS, 1.65. SD. A COVER, Is. EXTRA IFOR FITTING. OTHER TYRES SIMILAR PRICE. ITS A IFACTI! ONLY THREEiLMILBS TO IRELAND, SAN KEY.

Do Nor SELECT YOUR 1110 TOR BICYCL BEFORE INSPECTING OUR STOCK. 3bTOYTCOLRBICYCLES.New Models just in of " QUADRANT" "TRIUMPH " " ROYAL ENFIELD "and all fitted with 2 Horse Power Engines. We shall he pleased to give any information if you will favour us with a call. BI ALSO LATEST PATTERNS of "LEA- CYCLES. FRANCIS." " TRIUMPH," "ROYAL ENFIELD" " SUNBEAM" and "SPARK- BROOK" C YCLES. INSPRCT OUR TEN QUINEA Machines (Lady's and Gents) Fitted with Dunlop Tres, Fee Wheel and Two Rim Brakes; Secondhand Bicycles from 21 10s. EASY PAY- MENTS. LISTS FRETi. A few shop soiled Machines now being offered at greatly reduce.d prices. H ITCHING LIMITED, 74. BOLD-STREET. AND 165, DUKE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A_K YOUR STATIONER FOR, A (zb, 5!,..,. 111ORRELL'S 4?t- 4-).-".•-• —At— • ib IN K S .1' _•.>_.',.. - - (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGR.) IN PATENT :•:CREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID!. NEVER FADE: had wholeßale from SAM N. GREEN, MARKET PLACE. WARRINGTON

DR. HARGRAVE'S FEMALE PILLS (WORLD FAMED). The safest and best remedy for ANAEMIA, DEBILITY, WEAKNEScIRBEGULARITY, and all other ailments peculiar to the sex. Invaluable to Women. PRICE 2s. 9D. ONE Box SUFFICIENT FON CURE. Sole Agent fsr the Unit.d Kingdom— J. B(,GERS, (Box 2). 3, ERSKINE ROAD, WALTHAMSTOW, LONDON.

Agony Ended A Man's Kidneys and Bladder Deranged, and Put Right by Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills. "FOR two months I ,have been so ill," writes, Mr. Edward Nelson, of Weirs Buildings, York. Road, Bedminster, Bristol, „ . "that I was obliged to keep I 1.111'sV)11 indoors. It was all owing to my kidneys • and bladder, •Or - II which were both coin- pletely de- ranged. Two ,t doctors whom *NO _ I tried left me _,...rfar.s)y.,-,._;•_ in a hopeless condition, and -- •••44!- .1101154.4` - take what 4 40-4, patent medi- cines I would, they had no effect up3n me. One of your pamphlets set impressed me that I bought a bottle of Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills, and took some the same evening. In a few days, by taking your Pills, I was aole to. pt up and go about; in fact, I was recovering from my illness. Prior to taking your Pills it was impossible for me to hold my water, and the pains which my kidneys caused me were so bad that it was impossible for me to sit upright. Now, through the regular taking of your medicine, I •can move about with ease - and pursue my ordinary vocations. Life is • once more a joy and a happiness to me, and the pleasures of complete health are mine." Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills are a positive cure for Liver and Kidney Complaints, Biliousness7l Indigestion, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Foul Breath, Sallow Complexion, and Female Ailments; a perfect Blood Purifier, curing Eczema. Pimples and Blotches. Sold by chemists and dealers. Price x/zi per bottle. If unable to obtain where you reside, The W. H. COMSTOCK CO., Ltd., 21 Farringdon Avenue, London, 8.C., will forward same on receipt of price, post free.

PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY ETC. TO BENEFIT GREATLY FURNISH Establtsheci 1845. MANCHESTER PITTS'S FURNISHING GUIDE containing 800 Artistic Designs priced. Snows HOW ip !UN's Mix usual expenditure Post Free Easy payments 10 per cent. Extra. LONDON ROAD & -- 0 0 • •^11v.46.10411brift.4 •

PITTS'S PEERLESS HOUSES OF FURNITURE at 15i, 22i, MI, 38i, 60. 75, 100, 203, up to 1,000 guineas have been pronouncei by practical people the PINNACLE OF PERFECTION. Their high artistic and Intrinsic merits, their beauty and value, are apparent W casual inspection, which closer examination and wear only confirm. Full particulars free. DITIS'S DISPLAY OF BARGAINS IS certainly 1 unequalled in the provinces. The following are a fair sample all in really excellent conditiom : HALL FURNITURE consists of Mahogany Hat stand, two, Chairs, Side Tables. Linoleum, two Wool Rugs, three Cocoa. Mats, Stair and Lobby Carpet ; lot cost £24 ; for £ll. DINING-ROOM.—Grand Suite, American Walnut. upholstered in first-class manner, and covered with real leather; cost £47, for ma. Dining Table to meter]. massive and bold ; cost £7 165.. for £3 10e. Magnificent Sideboard. really worth £5O, for £2l. Table for window recess, cost £3.- for £2 10s. Ov,rmantel. cost £6, for 23. Real tive-frarne Brussels Carpet, cost £9, for £4. Real Ain carg for 215 Bronze Timepiece and Figures, £4 4s . cost double. Brass Fender, Fire Bra.nes. Fire Dogs, c.ist £5 tor Ed be , TWC. Vases, 3511. Coal Vase, 18s. 6d. DR/MING-ROO --ttxquisite Suite. Chippendale style' artistic, covered In rich tapestry ; cost £5O, for £2O. Tabl. to match, cost £4 10e, for £2. Klepint Cabinet, cost it for £l7. Music Cabinet, L. (lard table, Lila.O're%. matte', cost £7l for £3 3s. Velvet Pile Carpet, £5 1(le CO' Rugs, Ils aid. 8s Arai, ?ender and vire. Brasses cost £5, for £2 2s. Titled Hearth, fitted aural:plate.- MORNING-ROOM, In real saddlebags. mounted with rich Utreeht Velvet, comprise. luxurious Couch, brily Chairs. and set of small Chairs, Extending Table, Cheffonier, Over- mantel, Carpet, Fender, Brasses, complete ; cost £55-, for £23. 131isT BEDROOM.--Splendid Suite in American Walnut, large Wardrobe, bevelled plate-glass, exceptional conven- iences ; large Dressing 'table with bevelled plate, Washstand with marble top, Pedestal, and four chairs; cost £75, for £35. Massive All-Brass Be isread, with Spring Mattress, new Bed. Bolster, and Pillows ; cost £l6, for £8 10s, Toilet Service, 155. 6d. Carpet, Hearthrug, and Fender ; cost £5. for 355. THE THREE OTHER BEDROOMS Similarly furnished in Chippendale, Mahogany, Satin Walnut, and Decorated. Also KITCHEN FURNITURE complete. SAMUEL PITTS, MANCHESTEIL LONDON ROAD (Arrlwick and Longslght Oars). GAYTUORN (till City Road Cars pass the door) Established 1845. National Telephone 1124. pioLasTEEL PILLSIfbr Ladies. A FRENCH REMEDY SUPERSEDING BITTEN APPLE, PIL COCHIAC, PENNYROYAL, ac. PriC4 46.6 d. post free. Obtainable only from MARTIN, .CIIEMIST, SOUTHAMPTON

M CCLS IF/ T • • a\i"\___.,...l4llll - _ _ •

ICATALO, oliEttfste' BOOKLETS FREE [i Narrington, T. Baintitli, Bridge St. rewe, F. Wooldridge, High St. Kqutsford, J. Crice, Princes St. insford, Stubbs & Rogersoq,lligh & I,,Altrincnam,J. Richardson, Market St

CHARLES WOLF'S Gents' Solid Gold Alberts from 25/- each. Warranted. Engagement & Wedding Rings A SPECIALITY. WHEN IN LIVERPOOL VISIT CHARLES WOLF Wholesale Watchmaker & Diamond Merchant, Or:Ll* ADDIZES:; : 10, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. CHINES v .424.10 s.- - tool • 4/- - x2O-

•. / ,• . •

SPECIAL CRICKET OUTFIT, Direct from Maker to Wearer.

, B TROUSERS, Style and Fit guaranteed. Flannel .. .. .. 6/6 per pair i Flannel Cloth .. .. 7/9 ~ Real Twill Flannel .. 10,6 ~ cT County Doeskin— Worn by County Cricketers, 15/- ~ For Measure send ' Size A to B, C to D and 8 to F.

SHIRTS. 4 Flannelette 1/9 Real Flannel.. .. 4/6 Oatmeal Cloth .. 2/6 Best Matting .. 4/6 County Oxford Shirt .. 6/6 For Measure send Size of Collar worn.

CRICKET BATS. "Slogger," 6/3. " Klynker," 7/6. "Don," 10/6. "Suggcess," 12/6. Ranji (pat.) 15/-, 17/6. Lancashire Witch, 17/6 (patent). " Bounderie," 21/'.

Running Pumps - • - 4/9, 6/6 Proctor's best, 8/9 " Running Vests— PROCTORS ' Satteen 10d, 1/3, 1/6 NI Tight-fltting Merino - 1/6, 2/. Running Drawers - -104 d, 1/6, 2/- Fine Satteen in all colors.

FER BRAVAIS Bravais' Iron in OONCENTRATED DROPS cures: .„ Paleness, Consumption, Poorness of Blood, etc. Bravais Iron is prescribed by "Ar tits leading Physicians is all Coun- 'el' • geA !at, trim §-.„ BRIT. MED. JOURN.—"/t has all, •-•*, the good effects of iron without pr0:"...5r" :"...5r" dueling cone ipation or aiaturb lag the digestion, and it does not blacken the teeth." LANCET.—" A beautiful and interesting preparation." Soon brings laelt : *loath, Streeith & Fresh Complexion. Beware of Imitations.—Sold by internist. everywhere. Wbolonao :-130, RUE LAFAYETTE, PARIS.

• GARTONS IMPROVED BREED OF LARGE YELLOW GLOBE. MANGEL IS THE BEST, because It is possessed of the highest properties! It produces the heaviest crops ! ! It wins the Leading Prizes ! ! ! Price 10d. per lb. ; 90/- per:cwt. Other sorts from sd. per lb.

SEED EXPERTS, WARRINGTON.

BIRD'S CUSTARD A DAILY LUXURY! POWDER 1 BIRD'S CUSTARD is Pure, Nutritious, and easily digested. Eggs often disagree; BIRD'S CUSTARD never. BIRD'S CUSTARD is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned, or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavor and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO EGOS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

A Delicacy Ficbacly. ,- ,MITCHELL'S BONELESS Pressed COOKED te N•k , Ar:', de ' Bacon . . DAnfer Tzern rceand Trom all Grac:erg C . r a sample RTITZ ," dl''''''' litmus_ Mid for 3. ed. iostal 1b..) _in't m7i347. 1 Md.. 5, Victoria Street, Liverpool. I

1.7.7.• = = W.kTCRES, CLOCKS, °mak GLASSES, XISLOPIIIO/18. 5-- 6 tt, K.:. • DIAIIOND rtntos. COT. I.ISItY, Esc.. simply for sell- log our Famous Aluminium Thirradeo,late.it I 4: pattern. 0)! A complete list of m-eaeute ie sent not with every parcel of 'f ti hulls.. .. , SPECIAL ADVERTINIC OFFER. ',.: . Send WS VIIIII name and ad- .' j ..,-.._- 1ir,... and you will rtaxure a S...tiPIA CA.BI: mutaining /...f '4 U! our Silver Alinnintuta A ,i liiilev, free on approval. led t . . , 0,, Thimbles are It i• ,tealty. best wearing= A .: .13 le, and large Kasee. Moab ~.,. It . and e very thimble hi elesaatty 1." ernboomea with a minable .1. - .• motto. You sell the ltd thislibiee among your friend. at the reclaimed price of ltd. such. vriien sold. forward the Se. collected. and we will mead yew at ones a 0-yeara' Guaranteed Timekeeper. with tolid Illokie4tilver Case.. No Money Wanted'-' Addriai—Dpt. 116. The LISTER WATCH ALLIANCE, S lied Lios-eourt, fleet Street. L012(100. S.C.

QCARBORO.—CLA.RBNCS BOARDING 11017811, Popular 1.) Tariff 6s 6d to 6s 6d, per day; excellent table.—J. TATE. 1 0 Blenheim street.

\THISTNOR.—Superior APAHTMIINTB. One minute from and facing sea; close to town and post office.— PROPRIETRESS!, Austria House, Hambrough-road LLANDUDNO. Lyndhurst Boarding listablishmen—t (under new management) ; delightfully aituatea close to sea, pier, places of arnusement.—Yazticulars, apply Miss JARVIA.

DOUULAS IMPIRS BOAHDING HOU6B, Castle Mona Central Promenade; close to places of amusement and bathing grounds; tram passes door; terms ss. 6d. to 6.. per day.—Mrs KELLY, Proprietress.

I ONDON.—TAY HOTEL. 154 Euston-road. 'three minutes Li from King's Cross, St Pancras end Huston Railway Stations; bed and attendance 3s 6d; private sitting-room 58 6d per day ; highly recommenied.—A C RODNEY, Propr.

DOULOGNE-SUR-MUR. TEMPLE'S private hotel. _LP Beautifully situated opposite picturesque ramparts and gardens. Good class Engli n and American house. English sanitary arrangements, bathrooms, smoking room. Good cuisine, separate table.. eleztric light throughout. Special terms for families. Write tor tariff. LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 a 7i, RUSTON SQUARE. HOKE COM,ORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. • ABERYSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING TELE SEA One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 2i guineas per week, or 9s per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from ss. Table d'Hote at 6.30 o'clock. For TARIFFS &c., apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

OOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTUARANT IN TOWN.

WHEN AT NEW BRIGHTON CALL AT BERESFORD'S DINING ROOMS 24., VICTORIA ROAD 245 GOOD FOOD & MODERATE CHARGES A SPECIALITY. COMBINED WITH CLEANLINESS. PIC-NIC PARTIES CATERED FOR ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

gipartments, ,furnisbeb ii/ousite, etc A":lToworEpßorti-10.11.°4rilteact rgetsieghertsedyo,a.26 guineas:— 'LVI ORECAMBH..—APARTMENTS, or To Let Furnished; 1 one minute from sea.-10, GRAFTON TERRACE, W.lll. COhlreTeOreßnreel. LlAhlisopßoyHOHtisomme Bflooor ktdvy.ivgoooredesteeoorsigiz•

QT ANNBS.—Very nicely FURNISHBD ROUSH, near 10 front; moderate terms.—Apply SUNNY VIEW, St. Alban's road.

BLACKPOOL.—Furnished House to Let, three bed" rooms. clean, comfortable. Plano.—RUNT, Appleton Lodge, Widnes.

42 WATRRLOO ROAD, NNW BRIGHTON.—Facing , the beach. FURNISHRD HOUtIR with attendance Or apartments.

T LANDUDNO JUNCTlOlif.—Good Centre for Tourists; LA Preasaut Apartments; terms moderate.—Mae. RCBERTS, 10, Avallon avenue. T LANDUDNO.—Comfortable APARTMENTS facing sea; LA centre of promenade and bay.—Apply Mae. J. MORRIS, 4. St- George's Crescent. -kjORTH WALES.—FURNISHRD HOUSES To Let or Sell; 11 apartments or board reoommendea.—BnAcxeToxE A Co, House Agents, Colwyn Bay.

POULTRY FARBL—Private Sitting-room and Bedroom ; close to station; 10 min. Southport,—MlSTßESS, The Laurels, Woodvale, Southport.

BLACKPOOL.—Best and Cheapeat APAILTAINNTS public or private, at Mr. T. MOSELEY.B. 9t) Albert road. Near Sea and Central Station. Piano.

A PARTMRSTS.—St. Almelo-on-the-Sea, Misses FIELDEN 11.. (from Todmorden), 76 Bastnor House, St, Andrews road South. near Station and Sea.

C— — OLWYN BAY.—APARTMBNTS pleasantly situated, near woods and sea; five minutas from station.— Misses BROADBENT, Ravenswood. Rhiw road.

J3LACKPOOL.—Mrs Uttley, 94, Albert road. Reasonable APARTAIHNTo. public or private, clean and homely; near Central Station and all amusements. Piano.

ISSRS TWRBDALIC (formerly of Rochdale and LVI America), Northampton House, 46 Hull road, off Central Drive, Blackpool. Apartments, Piano.

CIOLWYN BAIL—COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS near ki station and pavilion ; good cooking and attendance. Every comfort.—BEAMEN, Qrabam Villa. Hawarden road.

BLACIKPOOL—Mrs. ICEstP,Troy House,Brunswick street. 40 yards from Promenade, between North and Central Piers: public and priv,ite sitting-rooms ; with or without board.

B-- LACKPOOL.—MHS. m BRAD3HAW, from Walkden late Hadcroft and Higson, 61 Coronation street ; com- fortable apartments, with or without board.—Terni moderate ; piano. --- BLACIKPOOL.—A delightful holiday at the seaside with home comforts, re4lonable charges, An be had to perfection by staving with MRs DucxwoßTEr ?.6, Vance road, near Central Station.—Terms 2s per day.for two persons.

ATERTNOR.—Blizabetla Rouse. Ts BR LEr Furnished V daring May and June, 6 bedrooms, 3 sitting-rooms, all rooms but two facing sea, one of beet positions in Ventnor at low rental of 51- guineas, or reasonable offer.— Apply Miss BOORMAN. Austria Reuse.

T ANIBS P. BATH and SON. STOCK AND SHARH BROKERS, Natablished 1875. 29, HANHLAGH-STRHHT. LIVHRPOOL

21Ptock6, luoturooto. ttt.

(IHIP POTATOES, Fried Fish, etc.—A genuint buoiness k.) doing a large trade !Shop handsomely fitted. Price £l5O. Part eau remain.-117, STRAND f1)1D, Bootle,Liverpool.

tALLSS, CHINA, AND HAI2THI3NVYARII BUSINBSS to k_T be Disposed of thoroogh death ; goodwill, fixtures. £25; stock at valuation.-115, P6t ESC )T STREET. Liverpool,

EMERY and Provision BUSINESS, best corner position l 7 in principal thoroughfare ; good house; very large yard, with stable and shed ; rent £42.-liOE. 166, MO4ll lane East, Manchester.

E4OFttlIM FISH. (kipped Potatraes, Minerals. and Pastry, doing good business ; present owner been six years ; no oppositiou.-3, siKITHDOWN ROAD, near Sefton Park, Liverpool.

(1 GOD LIVING MISS(ON) VAN; suit any business; 10ft 4in x 6ft 4in, 6ft high.-4, HYGIENE, Clayton, Accrington.

CITALLION ON SALE, 6 years old, 1b.3 hands; warranted 0 quiet and good worker in all gears.— Apply 0 F TURNER, Mill-lane, Parbold Southport.

VOR SALB.—OLD OAK DINr7HR WAGGON, besot"' I: fully carved and in good concbtion, 41t 81n high, 41t wide, pelt £lO 104 —J. Siczta.orf, Meadow Bank, Winsford, Cheshire. rflU BI OLD cheap, 3 WAGGONBTTES, to carry 20. 12 _I and 10 ; removable tops ; equal to new ;no reason- able offer refused.—Apply Johm DRAPER, Sandy lane, Lowton St. Mary's, Newton-le-Willows.

- VIOLBTS OZ9X, Princess of Wales, 2s 6d hundre 4, free.— ," PRESTON FRUIT AND FLOWER Co, Paignton, Devon. VAMBELLB FEMALE PILLS ls 10. 21. 9d., 4s 6d. post free. Plain wrapper.--S. OAKES & Co. 1, Bond-street, Weymouth.

-- - 4 UROLOGY, important changes. marriage partner de- ll cribed, &c., send age; 11.—BowriEs8, Clough Bridge, Bridlington.

MILES' SPIRAL MIGNONRTTS, 64 oz; swee, pea seeds, the best varieties, 6d 1000, post free.—N. RANDALL. Skegness. GARDIIN MIMING., 100 square yards. one piece 3.; fair condition, free delivery, send cash.—E. A. NORTHE Ir, Auctioneer, Plymouth.

KhYLBSS WATOII AND ALBRRT, 6s. 6d. post free, 30 hour, short wind, splendid valtie.—Mosmes, 115. Mill- ford road, Twickenham. gIOOTHACEIB, SMART RSSH NCH, certain cure, stops &city, full directions P.O. Is. lid. SMART. dentist. Fearnhead, Nr. Warrington.

AMMBRIN Cl effdettully cured by corresponden.le or per- k./ sot:tally, Treatise lent free. N. if. MASON, 68 Manor Road. Clissold Park, London, N. TO BR SOLD. TWO well built COTTAGES, 71 and 73. Padgate lane.— Apply Joax H. GITTENe, House Agent, 10, Claiborne street. Warrington. OAR YOU BRAT TUTS ? A double width. 56 inches. all V wool Indigo serge 3s. 6d. yard.patterns free, WELLSON & Co., Aire Plioe Works. Leeds.

LIMA BLASTIC htUSS, given to all ruptured persons, ..1: measurement outfit sent free.—HERNIACURE, 2 Frederick Crescent, Brixton, B.W.

VALIINCIBEINNS, lace. 50 yds., 2s, satisfaction guaran- teed; wider pattern, 5) yds.. 311.—lidiSS.CON8TANCE, Nollyhurst, Stapleford, Nottingham.

1,1 BRFKOTION 'FBA. CO. will send 6 lbs best4tea lOs ; I other qualities 9s, fis, and is. Cash on delivery.- 43-5 Great Tower street, London, ICU.

HARDWARB, Clothing, Furniture, Jewellery, Bazaar Goods. Cheapest House in Trade. Catalogue free.— BERRIDGE 4nd Co. (102), Birmingham. A VOID UNCLBAN FATS.—Use Maxwell's purely Vege- -11 table Butter, 3114 s 2s, post free; excellent for pastry.— MAXWELL. 36 Gray's Inn romi. London.

2 / 6 —lt', en ilr al ro cl" Zr. taught by above eya poet amount. Ppalratyi e from a One stamp.—O. WoonEoFFE. Frinton-on-Sea.

DRUMHBAD CABBAGH PLANTS. Quantity sturdy stuff early giant and Robineon's ()blimpion 3s 1,000, 25s 10,000.—SALE and Sox, Wokingham, Berks.

NANBIARRI SALVIA for removing warts and nanberries from cattle, horses, et 1 ;a certain cure.—Only from N. CLARKSON, Riubmond, Yore., In Is. and 2s. tins.

T4l/1118 ELASTIC TRUSS given to all ruptured persons, A_ introducing our trusses. Measurement ouifit sent tree. —fixams.wELL, 2. Frederick Oresceat, Brixton, S W.

WIFE'S MEDICAL ADVISEE, 9d now ready. Price List of 9urglcal Appliances, 2d.—NORTHERN APPLI- ANCE Co., 161 Seven Sisters Road, Holloway, London. CHIP POTATO and Cook Shop FITTIN43, every variety Champion Rangers, Potato Peelers, Shoo on Wheels page List froe-51.taBoT'a, Poland-street, Manchester. HIILMWS Compound Steel and Pennyroyal Pills for Fe— males are the best,in boxes,post free,ls lid,2s 9d ; best boxes, 4. 6d. Betel,. 1860.—HCLME, Chemist, Nottingham.

ARTHBNWASE Dealers, Hawkers, Ac; good assorted IrA crates, cheapest in the world, from Efi upwards, try one.—Jomt WARREN, Actual Manufacturer. Furlong lane Burstein. LICZEMA, Acne, Bad Legs and every kind of Skin Dis- ease cured by PROF. CROBBwAITE. 76, Kirkstall road, Leeds. The most successful Skin SLecialist in nugland. Advice free.

I ADIES' Skirts. Shirts Blouses. Underwear, perfect LA fitting, latest fashions, wholesale prices ; descriptive catalogue free—MADAM ALiciA, 14, Amberley street Liverpool.

£2OO IN CASH PRIZES. Great Tea scheme,condl- tions perfectly simple,a child could fulfil them. Send 6d for a Ilb sample and puticulars.—ALEXANDEß a Co., 28, It 'nodes, 8.0.

MARRIED PHRSONS send 2 stamps for our valuable Booklet, containing useful information.--Nowralcux SURGICAL AND DoMESTIC APPLIANCE CO., 161 d. Seven Sisters road. Holloway. London.

A FLOWER GARDRd FOR Is 1-48 Penny rackets of 11l different Flower Seeds, post free Is lid. Hach contains ample supply.—Dept. 28, IMPERIAL duPPLY 6Towts, 69 lindwell Road, Brockley,Kent.

HAND TRUCKS. Suit Builders, Decorators, Drapers, Printer.. Grocers, and others. New £5 Ws carriage paid. Well finished, Chao and particulars. Approval.— moms, Stone street, Gravesend.

WALL-PAPBRS FROM 11D, PER ROLL. Any quan- tity, large or small, at Wholesale Prices. Stock exceeds 100,000 roll 3, all classes . —BARNETT, Campfleld- avenue, Liverpool-road. Manchester. LI AltiDttEdSliiiti SHOULD UsE CuMiiHRBINOH'S 1 Noted QUEEN RAZOR praised by all users and stands unequalled for quality and cheapness, (Guaranteed).-- Write for price, 27, ROCHDALE ROAD, Manchester.

11110ea0nOnHotEtt—Our cafewratw!eoklds Bro L. t?ecfheees tion guaranteed. Poit frt., P.O 02. bd.—TWi:EDALE and DUPONT, Dept N., 9 Mincing lane, London, 8.0.

NHTTING. rECTTING. Rabbit Nets, Football tioal Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets, sparrow sets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.Tnoxua Joassox's, Net Warehouse CorpcirPtion-street, Manchester.

JOHNSON Exhibition BRUSSELS 100,000 SPROUTS,2B6IIO3O. Sutton. Giant Drumhead2s6d, Red Pickling2a6d. All fit for field plant- ing at once,--HoRNE and SONS, Giffin, Rochester, Kent.

UNs:MAI:4(IIW MONHY, next-of-kin, etc., Send for lista of persons, or their representatives,recently advertised for. You may possibly benefit by doing so. Pest free Is. Mr. Moßros,l7s, Finborotigh-road, West Brompton, London,

DOSTAGH STAMPS bougld and sold; 300 foreign and 1 colonial postage ntamps, all different. guaranteed genuine, free 2s 6d ; pica list of Philatelite Accessories on application.—M. K. Bnosium, 27, New Oxford it, London.

- - IUMBERBIROITS FOR OHINA VASES, Figures, kJ Flower Pots, Tubes and Stand,Todet Sets, Dinner Sets, all kinds of fancy chinaware and glass goods, Dishes, ac. Visit or write for list.—RocnuALE ROAD, near Shudehill Manchester.

RII 811 id ctTOID ARTHRITIS and Rheumatic Gout speedily cured by marvellous new discovery. Splendid results. Moderate cost BARING GOULD, Rheumatic Specialist. " Ivanhoe," Queenswood roitd, Birmingham. Advile and testimonials free.

()STRICH FEATHBEIS, DOUBLB CUILI3D. Long White or Grey, 78 6d and 10i 6d ; Black, 9s 6d and 12s 6d : Tips, 35 6d, 45 6d, mid 55 6d each. Post free on receipt of order. Satisfaction guaranteed.—GooDrElß, Box 181, Cape Town. South Africa.

HULMW3 " COMPOUND' and PIiNNYROYAL PILLS for Female Necessities are the best, and always effective In boxes pest ee, Is. 1/d. and Es. 9d.; best boxes, 45. Bd. Estawisned 1850.—HuLmEs, Chemists, Nottingham.

DURII COD-LIVIIR OIL, warranted pure, direct from IL manufacturer. Bottles containing pint bud half 2s, carriage paid. Special quotations for quantities.—ll. C0t...- BRIDGE. Cod-Liver 011 King, Works,Statiley street,Grimsby. If stablised 1/384.

Q UITS FOR SPRING, 22a 6d, 27s 6.1, 31s, to order b, anti- fully made an hard wearers.—Trousers. 6s 11d, 8s 6d to order ; easy measure forms, testmonials.and patterns This is not a catch advertisement.—HoLmEs & Sox, The Great Postal Tailors, Buxton.

g DRITA.N NIA JOH,' the New and Popular Song: I/ expressly written and composed in honour of England's Great Colonial Secretary. the Hight Hon, Joseph Chamterlain, M P . by W. B Smith. Post free Is 6d.—J, J. POoLE, 290, Uxbridge road. Y ondoo, W.

'VOTED PLACE for GOLD and SILVER GOODs,Guards, .1.11 Chains. Wedding Keeper, Gem and Signet Rings, Brooches, Medals, Cigarette Cases and all kinds of Jewellery, Watches. Clocks. Cutlery, &C.—Write for list or visit CUMBERBIRCH'B, near Shudehill. Manchester.

KRICP FROM DAMP.—White Indiarubber waterproof Sheets. 46Ine by 42ins, with brass eyelet holes, 2s each ; 7ft by 4ft, 5s ; 61t by 6ft, 5s ; or any mlze, pricP In pro- portion ; carriage paid. Cast; returnedif not Approved of.— H. J. GAssoN, Government Contractor, Rye.

ULCRUS, WOUNDS, OLD SORES. ROZRMA. and every farm of skin disease quickly cured by our wonderful ointment ; it cures where all other remedies fail ; I 700. testimonials.—Mend Id stamp for free sample to Goon SAMARITAN DRUG Co, Dept 8, Ravenscourt avenue, Hammersmith, London.

WHO'S YOUR LAWYN r I haven't required one 'inn I bought of Crosby Lockwood k Soo, 7 Stat,on,-re' Nall Court, London. 8.C., aCopy of ' EVEIRY WAN'S OWN LVYYRR,' by s B•uitiaTEli, price 65 ad post free, wirch has beer*epaid to me 20 times over in the saving of lawyers fees, Newfand Revised Edition (1903) just published.

A3131'111Y-SAVING NOTION !—Walker's Letterettee the new handy form ot Stationery. A boon for private professional, or commercial ?.orrespondence. All pApers praise them. All stationers sell them. —Write for pictorial pamphlet and free samples to Rum WALICEU 1 Co.. Ltd., Wholesale Stationers, London. B.C. It's worth the trouble of writinE

Fro BE SOlD.—Farnwortb, near Widnes.—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lll/11. with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring speoe.—Address J. Romps°, 16 Fenwiek-street, Liverpool.

HIGH-CLASS BOOT MeNUFACTURBH and Repairer.— HARRIS, 35, Hanley road, Holloway, London. QHAVERS should use ' Magicurn." marvellous results, 9d free.—CASEY, Baton-road, Hendon, Middlesex. DEMI &BLS SOLUTIONS, any competition, each up-to- -1% date, 6d.-0. H. OLDHAM, Ingleside, Monton, Lancs. Timis COMPRTITION, solutions and references, first J. paper, 155., one answer 28.—PERCZL, la Foster lane, London, B.C. DUPLICATING PHOSOGRAPH RISJORDS. —Hints and particular. of a meth id of duplicating, is 6d.—A. HUN?, Appleton Lodge, Widnes.

CIAhVED OAK CUCKOO CLUUK, strikes hours and V halves as new ; cost 42i ; price 27a 6d.—JAcKs 4, Ulement's Inn, Strand.

, ARMAGH —PRIVATE GENTLEMAN. small estate t thanks ladles with means, under 40, to reply MIRRoR, 47, Fleet street, London. DRSK. ROLL TOP. 2 pedestals with 8 drawers, pigeon boles 4 small drawers £3 15s Approval willingly.— II RUNT, 141, Essex-road, Islington, N.

LACE SALE, CHEAP —Stable Barrow, Incubator, Goat's I: Harness, Fire /Screen, all as new.—Particulars, b., Fern Cottage, BAndou Hill, Croydon.

J)IN RR SERVICE WI Pieces, and Tea dervice, 21. , the lot. Crate, 144 pieces mixed, 371 6d. P.O. with order —ULOVER & Co, 66 Gilman stteet, Hanley. g HE 'J. B.' PATENT PIPB, smokes absolutely dry right 1 through. Price Is Id, post free.—Address J ilLiciateso? Wlnlaton-on-Tyne. Every seventh pipe free.

JLJ ADI ha DAINTY YEATS ItIALS for Blouses and Oresse new spring colourings, 4.i yard. Carriage paid ratterns free.—DRESS WAREHOUSE (893) Darlington. V OU WANT A NBW SUIT.—Drop us a post-card and we 1 will send yuu free patterns of our famous suitings ; from 6s 6d the lengto.—BtlartLEY. Marshall Mills, Holbeck, Leeds. 10/6 A factory" to wearer, .31 reßrO, O Write Made to Illustrated meitjartea Catalogue and simple self•measurement torm.—Haants'e BESPOKE BOOT FACTORY, Ketterie g.

ADIBS' DRESS LaNGTHS, 31. 11d, carriage paid, IA Snowflakes, Zibelines, Tweeds. Poplins, armures, Alpacas, Cashmeres, ac., patterns free.—PELBSON'S DRESS WAREHOUSE, Leeds. OOSTUMB SKIRTS at 3s lid each, made to measure. V Beautifully out and trimmed. Marvellous how we do It I—Write for patterns and particulars, MANN AND Co , Maraballs Mills, Leeds.

A ILTIFICIAL LIMBS, Surgical Appliances for Weak and IX Crooked Legs, urgical Boots, to, Prices far below those of other makera.--PARRINGTJH & Sox, Wigan. Bstablished over 60 years.

100 BUSINBSS CARDS, post cards, memos or bill. heads, Is 2d. 250, 2. 6d; 500, 4a; 1,000, 6s ; post free, best work, good paper. Specimens, stamp.—WATsos, Printer. 98, Wimberley-street, Blacs burn- y OOK l-4,000 Pairs New -MILITARY BLUCHSTIS sewn 14 very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size post free for Si 6d per pair; money returned if not approved of,—Hk. J. GIBSON, Government Contractor. Rye.

QBIAD POTATOISS FOR SALS, selected kinds, namely kJ British Queen, Up-to-Date, Scottish Triumph Maincrops: also new Scotch deed, and about 'twelve tons Manure. —Apply J. CLIFFE, 1, Foundry street, Warrington

pRuSSIMS-TAPBSTRY 80/WISHED CARPETS, all patterns and colours, 9ft by 9ft, 18s ; 91t by 12ft, 22e 3d ; equal to any at 3 guineas. All sizes kept.—LYELL Bans., Wholesale Manufacturers, 103 Tottenham Court road, London, W. AND to be Sold, for Works, on the banks of the Roch- .l2 dale Canal Newton Heath, It miles from tha Ex- change, on chief rent for 999 years ; also Land for the erection of cottages.—Apply to Mr. J. Et uNsii...w, estate offices, 18. King street, Manchester.

MINT sTATB,sets of copper 1897 with cast farthing issued in copper 25.. 1901 set with farthing bronzed to pre- vent fraud 2s. 5d., 55 Roman coins, rare. 65., withdrawn Jubilee sixpence 51., Lion sixpences Ss. 6d., Ts. 6d COLLECTOR, 7, Huntriss row, Scarboro'. d.

pURR WHISKRY direct from Ireland. " Roche's Special Is the ii test whii 4.ey p ).sible to produce. Unequalled for invalids and others requiring a wholesome stimulant, 42s dozen, carriage paid. Sample bottle, per post, 9d,—Rocan BRoo., South Mall, Cork.

rrANNHD GARDHN NEITTING.—Protect your Peas. J. Seeds and Buds from frost. blight and ravage of birds ; Bets oiled and dressed, 36 square yards. is. ; can be sent any width or length, carriage paid on orders over 6s.— HENRY ROBINSON. Garden Net Works, Rye, Sussex.

rrBETS. TENTS, Suitable for GARDENS, Cricket. or 1. Om:ming out purposes, 40ft in circumference,pegs.Pole4, mallet. and lines, complete, with tent bag Included. I will send oae complete for 50s. Jan I'm sent on approval.carriage paid, Price list of marquees, any size, post free, from H. J. GaseoN. Government Contractor, Eye.

-- -DROTECT YOUR GARDlMS.—Citarden Netting. small 1 mash. will keep off the smallest birds, 35 square yards for le. Will not rot if left out in all weathers. Send any width. Carriage paid on all orders over ss. As supplied to the Royal Garden.. Commoner netting at 50 sq. yds for Is. Cash returned if not approved of.—From 11 J Gas4os,Garden Netting Works, Rye,

VISI4, Quality Fish.—My prices neat week, quality and certain delivery guaranteed, best plaice 31 6d, cod, Hug ls 6d, headless haddocks ls 2d, codlings ls 9d, linuous 3s per stone, kippers and bloateni large selected. 31 per box. my 171 and 23s kits mixed fish with three kinds of dry a speciality. Special value for the c.omiug week, order early. Basses, live fish, turbot, halibut or br Its, 28 9d, 3e, 3s 6d, carriage paid to all parts, P. 0.0. with order.— J. TIPLEH, Fish Docks, Grimsby.

tlI-IFAP MUSIC FOE THE MlLLlON.—idaying pur- chased an enormous quantity of high-clas. Music, we are obi,: to supply the following bongs at rid cutously low prices :-6d per copy, 3 pages, correct : ' Holy City," Star of Bethlehem," Lost Chord," Ora Pro Noble," Daddy,' ' Asti:ore." Children's Home," Flight of Ages.' • For All Eternity," The Gift," Shade of the Palm," In Old Madrid,' and alo,Q1t101) others. Also all the latest, 4 pages, words and usual.; 3d each. Send tor our Catalogue. All Orders sent by return post paid. Agents Wanted —Aodress SIMMONS it 00., 23 Chichester rd,Leytonstone,London.E. Mention this paper

.iftatbaterm, etc. _ ()N SALB, 100 COLLARS, all sizes ; 12 seta at Harness; 6 Sets Van and Cart liarneas.—W. OuLeasw, 3, Copy Nook, Blackburn,

LIAR HNGINHS, Robinson's Hit " Gas Hngines ire l.._X reliable and easy to pit down. —ResiNsON, Great Bridgewater Street. Manchester.

(AN SALE, VertieAl IiNGINIC and BOILSR, su it farmer kJ butcher, or mineral water manufacturer .—Apply SHOVELTON. Chapel street, Leigh.

Cji OR SAUL GAS BNGINB, Crossley; 4 H.P, nominal I: tube; fret-rate oondition.—Apply MEecirsliT AND CO., Shakespeare street, Southport.

ACHINIPLY REPAIRS TURNING, PLANING PUNCHING. general and builders smithwork ; W.I palisades and llntranco (*Ate.. estimates tree.—Apply C. Corrox, Scotland road, Warrington.

PATRNTS obt D ained aily. Provisional protection, 40e inclusive. Noted for moderate charges. Special quota- tions for foreign patents. Write for price list free by post —BRomErEA.D AND Co., Licensed and Registered Patent Agents, 33, Cannon-street, London.

FGE SALE back-geared LATHE, 10feet bed in first-alass condition with overhead cone driving, £6 17s ; also wood-ro;ler turning tool ; can be adjusted, £1 10s ; also capital Governess-car, suit 12 or 13 hands, £7 105.—W1 J BOWDEN. Hall lane, Reddish, Stockport.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS. LIMITiID (late Orrnerod, 1.3 Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortmest of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade, having recently Purchased the whole of the Wheel, Pulley and Wheel Block Patterns telonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,arLd all kinds of Engineering Work pronaptly.—Catalogues of Wheel d Pulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod Grierson, Manchester."

pATENT OFF IC J. MAN CHESTER HSTABLISICED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES At SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experiencetn conneetion with this Establish- ment andpossess praetinal knowledge of the cotton,woolieu and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Law," price Ed. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. 'BORON DAVIES, 0.11., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

THR NfiNV FRHNOHIRSHRDY. TIIERA PI )N. Tpohilisu isaurcoreesnist:livendashigehmi ployed in the Continental Hospitals by Rieord Rotten, Joberr Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots, blotches, pains and swel- Ingo of the joints, kidney. bladder, and urinary disease- stricture, diercharges, piles, gravel, Paine in the back rheu- matism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous anu physical exhaus- tio., etc. Therapion is prepared in three diffdrent form Nos. 1,2, and 3 according to diseases for which intended run particulars send stamped :addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. R. JOHNSON, HoLFOun-IiQuARE, Loprpol„,,c•

111VILOODY HHNS, thoroughly tested; 3s 6d each; 2s 6d I) next month.—Nicxm.e, Day House, Shrewsbury. BLACK Leghorn BGGS, from selected winter layers,2s 6d sitting.-WATERB,IIOSe Cottage, Bolton-le-Sands,Carnforth •

LIGGS from Salmon ?aver°lies, massive birds, 3s dozen ; Li the Farmers's FowI.—BROWN, /Leath Villa, Bun• bury, Tarporley.

I 4 GUS—Pure Old Hnglien Game. from noted strain. be.. LA dozen, carriage paid.—TuomAa DAVIES. Penterven. near Minsterley.

-DEST for Winter Laying are LANGdif ANS' 14G1S, 3a 3d 1.1 per sitting, two 6s ; prize strain.—Mra. SHAW, Hinstock, Sbropshire.

DUOK liGGs for SITTING, from Large, White Ayles- bury.. 31 per dozen.—F. WOOLLVEN, Market Avenue, Ashton-under-Lyne.

PUBE-BRED Plymouth Rock Eggs, 2s dozen, from first- prize winners; 3 Brandon-Smith's strain,—F BUCKLEY, Sowdley, Market Drayton.

()N wSanAtLß.callfily Duck and Pea-fowl ifgegnsuineApFp7ywls.emglglen; Hopton Cangeford. Ludlow. REDUCBD is. 9d. sitting.—Houdan, Black Leghorn Eggs, first cross, excellent layers ; Hunter and Cook's strain. —BURROW. Bardingtou. BrVgnorth.

112GGS—tiltill CIA/1.6S MINOIWAS.—Parr and Knowles 14 Palace Strain,—Sittings 4s. Unfertiles replaced—E. Hopi:Ml/atm, Culcheth, near Warrington.

WHITE LEGHORN EGGS for Sale, from exceptionally good layers, 3s. 6d. dozen ; unfertile replacAd.— EURDON HUNTER, Morpeth Castle, Northumberland.

LIGGS for SITTING —Pure-bred Black Minorca and Buff 111 Orpington. 28 6,3 per sitting; Partridge Caching, 3s per sitting.—T. WATKINSON. Long lane. Aughton, Ormsairk. CARICFUL MOTHBR,IS Buff Orpinton Chickens ; fortnight 16s, carriage paid. Ditto Blacks. Also Minorcas (Cook's, Partingtons,Pitts) strains.—Pmu.LlPS,Long Buckby. EGGS from handsome partridge Wyandottes. excellent layers, Simon Hunter's and Orlebar's strains, 4s. per sitting--A. Dunn, Lindhead Lodge Cloughton, Yorkshire.

DIKTER BREW I‘GGS FOR Siali.—lndian Game, ss. per 1 doz. ; Salmon Favor°lle. Sc; :Inver Wyandotte, 36 6d ; White beghorns, 38. 6d —M. JONES, Delbury, Craven Arms.

IDURB BISCUIT MllAL.—Plain, 109 per cwt. ; with;rneal: 12e 6d. ; fine chicken meal. 12s 6d. ; put on rail ; cash with order.—BuiNG and Co., Biscuit Factory, 15, strand- street, Liverpool.

QPANGGBD Orpington., tinff and Black Orpingtons, Minorca, Andalusians, Leghorns, Rooks, Camplnes and Wyandottea, 3a. doz.—W. Maaos,Borough Rill Poultry Farm, Daventrv,

I AYING STRAIN, average 172 per bird, of White Leg- LA born, Black Minorca., Buff Orpington, and Aylesbury Duck Eggs; 2s. 6d. per sitting.—liints. Addison Wood, Penwortham, Preston.

EUGG*I for Sitting from pure bred birds. Buff Orpingtons Black Minorcas, Silver-laeed Wyandotte*, Blue Andalusian.. Anconas, Buff Wyandottes 2s. 61. per 13. Apply TAYLOR, Poplar Farm, Hough Green, Widnes.

EGGS FOR SITTING.—Dark Brahma, Black Minorca , Silver Grey Dorking, Blaok Langshan, White Leghorn, Buff Orpington, Houdan ; Prize Strains ; excellent layers , 3s 6d per doz ; unfrrtiles replaced.—WuExca, Retley, Crewe;

EGGS FOR SITTING. Pure bred Indian game. Dark Dorking.. Barred Rooks. Buff Orpington., 3. 6d for 13. Also a few Indian game and Barred Rock Cockerels for sale 7. 6d each.—BErmrsx,Sephton's Hall,Upbolland near Wigan

111 WALTON AND CO.. Manufacturers. will take eggs, Doultry and anything useful for hotels and dining rooms in return for costumes and blouses, also lengths of cloth and dress goods.—Address 117. SPRING MOUNT ThOrOblltV. Bradford.

IGBY'S MACK LBO-HORNS were in the prizes every ILL time they were exhibited in 1302 including Ist Special Dairy, 3rd Crystal Palace to. iiggs reduced from 103 6d to 41. Bight chilkent to batch, or another sitting half price.— LAUREL VILLAS, Bury. Lane.

UIGGS from LIGHT BHAHMA.l,npnch Houdans,Hornets, .1',4 White Leghorn., Golden and White Wyandotte.. all pure bred and from carefully selected layers, 3s 6d doz., carriage paid on two doz.. 'infertile. replaced, certificate.— ARTHUR STEPHENSON. Cowling Keighlev, Yorkshire.

WILCOX'S POULTRY SPICS produces more eggs.keeps fowls healthy, prevents gapes and cramp in chickens; tins 8d and 15 3d, post free 8d and is 3d. Try Wilcox's special Game and Poultry Meals 18s and 155 per cwt Wholesale Agents Wanted.—A. & F. WiLcox, Sandyford, Stone,ltafforcis hire.

& CO., 380, Central Markets. London, are buyers of Ur live old bens, at prices from 4s to 6s per couple weigh- ing not less than Bibs the couple. Bent owners risk rate, no carriage or commission on quantities over 20, Cash by return gnsranteed.—BANKEßS, London & County. Holborn, linquiries solicited.

SILVR CA.MPINBS I BEAUTIFUL FOWLS Prolific Layers ! lit. Special. 3rd Oswe.try let Carlisle; lit Measham ; Ist. 2nd, two 3rds, Ludlow ; 4th Hereford, dm Bggs from this pen 6s. dozen; all failures from whatever cause replaced free if returned carriage paid.—H. Bova:rex. Wroekwardine Bank, Wellington, salon. BLUB-LA.CBD ANDALUSIANS.—FIret pen: Hen (Wharton Bgerton Jones), Cock (Woodall'. strain) Second Pen: Hens (Woodall's), Cock (Cook's strains). Anconas (Chance's strain). Two firsts, one special. First Pens, 5s ; Second Pens, 3s 64 per sitting : unfertiles replaced; champion layers-. prize strkin.—HEAD, Stan- more. Bride, orth.

E(1(i-a Ant 51T111.10., ISU2.-1 hays again Mated my pens for breeding. I have never won any prizes. I never show, but my birds will compare favourably with those who do, and I cordially invite an inspection of the following pure breeds. Black Minoreas, Black Orpingtons. Black Leg- horn., Buff Orpingtons, Buff Wyandotte., Buff Leghorn., White Leghorn., Brown Leghorn., Blue Andalusian., Houdens, Lancashire Buff Barred, Plymouth Rocks, Golden Wyandotte., Silver Wyandotte., Langshans, Indian Game, 2 Crosses: Houden Cock,Buff Orpington Hen—White Leghorn Cock, Houden Hen. liggs all 2s 64 for 13 except Indian game, and Laugshans these 4s, if packed and put on Rail 6d extra. Also Indian Runner Ducks 2. per doz., if packed and put on Rail 2s 6d. It rot 10 fertile egg. in each sitting I will make all unfertiles good, if brougkt back or sent. N.B—No business done on Sunday,—HENßY DRAPER, 201 Newton- road, Lowton St Mary's, near Newton-le-Willows, 4§24

W iLyYB gkilitrouß I NO Oa 03 fp!, 8S Se lEUE, Cititr ontvtaine sgea mw a R . M9LESKINs.—MOLIISKINI3 W-iNTBD. Prices from 38 dozen. Cash by return, —H. FRIEND, Nene Quay, Wisbech,

ARRIED LA.DIR6,COREESPONDENT.—Sendstarnped .01 a‘idress for particulars to Mrs. E. WILSON, Bider- grove, Sheffield. nAJAY BUSINESS required doing about 20 barns ; must bear strict investigation.—Write HEARD, 116, Elgin avenue, London.

A GENTS WANTED ; Penny Goods ; sample three dozen fl le 6d; gross, 55.—NovELtY COMPANY (S.T.) Britain street, Manchester.

Obli SKINS WANTHD, any quantity, best price given, cash per return post.—GBANTHAM, Waterloo Cafe, Bridhngton.

M 0 L K S KpleNr Ampipylyqu;nTti7l,Rtleilsrtz,rmice Arteern. cash SretWurAnNpToEstps Water- loo Cafe, Bridlington. WANTED, Old, Worn—out HORSRS Old Wheels,Springs, Axles, Old Rubber; say where seen-8, LAWTON. STREET, Granby row, Mencheet.r._ ltil OLII SKINS PURCHASHD, any quantity, I well ill stretched, square and dry, 2d. each.—C. LEWIS, Naughton Croft. Bridgnorth. Salop,

pi ARDIiNHII (37), single DISENGAGRD ; all branches, l_7 excellent references ; no circulars.—GAHDENEß, 41, Princess street, Itusholme, Manchester.

v ANTED Situation by GROOM -COACHMAN -COACMAN (35), married ; family ; single or double, good ref4renees ; 15 years last place.—Apply 9 WADE: STREET, Nortirovich.

A MINTS WANTBD for Small. Useful, Money-saving ..t1 Article ; !large profits ; sample and particulars 4d. stamps.—ALFERD, 43, Garstou-street, Chesham, Bury.

ART- WANTIM, LADIHS and t 4 and to colour rine art prints, post can's, at home, easily acquire I. Partlculars address HIAAC, 6 Gt Janes'-atr.er„ Li W.CI

HOMES WORK by the quickest and latest improved Harrison Knitting klachines. Highest wages earned. Lists froin HATililSoN XIS.CIONE Co,. LTD., 48, Upper Brook- street, Manchester.

- - tAINTID SITUATIDN as GARDHNHIt (Head), wher another is kept.; good all-round, inside and out 33; good referencee.-BurLEB, Caerfrynnon, Talsarnau, Marioneth.

GKNTS WANTRD to sel th 3 Davis patent Skirt and 'V Trousers hanger creaser and stretcher combined, holds four garments, Sample prepaid is. Send for Circular, —DAVIS Co., 28. Seymour Street, Liverpool.

ACTIVE Pushing MAN WANTICD, to canvass for Indus- trial Assurance Wale, with up-to-date tables, excellent, Germs and interest in business created; speedy prorr otion.- 11m, 55 Norfolk street, Sheffield.

ATOLBSKINS I MOLK:SIUN S Sell your 'Moleskins ~lirect to the Manuf4eturing Furrier ; any quantity ; no middleman's profit : cash by return.—..PlontoweKv, 3, Grove Park road, Tottenham, London. N. SNITARY Iff:!PROTORSHIP.— Salaries £lOO to £350 several hundred vacAnci es annually ; postal course; commencing for Liverpool Exam. experiei,ce unnecessary Fee 254 AlosnEms. Science Teacher. Sunderland.

\ ILK - Wanted, eor 'lwo Dairies. 25 to 40 ;callous IVI dsily ; also regular supplies of Fresh Hggs ; prompt payments ; sena price and quantity. AcC.—eouTEl DARLEY DAIRY Co., 109, Chapman street, Gorton, Man2hester.

AMINTS, good, Wanted, tor Sale of Dress, Costtune, Blouse lengths; Suiting. Trouserings, at Mill prices. Commission only. Cash trade: patterns free ; large selee- tion.—FKATßEß /t Manufacturers, b Cheapslde,Bradford. lARETAKIIRS.—WANTED, at once. MAN and WIFE l_J as CARETAKERS Cairo-street Unitarian Chapel and Warrinatou ; wages 255. and hotac—Apply by letter, with testhacniale, riot ktter than 13th inst. to W. Havlks. 6, Lyme-street, Warrington.

THE SPOT SHOP, FISH MARKET, WARRINQTON. [FORIOSEFUL ARTICLESLFOR XMAS. FOR BEST VALITt. IN EVERYTHING. GO TO SAM N. GREEN'S.

IRELAND'S SPECIALITY, urr V V ALTON" BICYCLE £lO 10S. THE BEST VALUE ON EARTH. MADE TO ORDER FROMfB.S.A. FITTINGS. ANY TYRES. W. H. IRELAND & Co WALTON CYCLE WORKS, GREAT SANKEY. REAR WARRINGTON.

GARTONS IMPROVED BREED OF YELLOW GLOBE MANGEL IS THE BEST. Awaded a Champion Prize of £25 in addition to other leading FIRST PRIZES in 1901. Price 1/- per lb.; 103/- rer cwt CARRIAGE PAID IA 5 PER ;CENT. IDISCOUNT FOR EARLY PAYMENT. OTHER MANGELS from sd. per lb.

UMBRELLAS 1 UMBRELLAS 1 LATEST NOVELTIES SUITABLE FOR PRESENT LADIES' & GENTLEMEN'S WALKING STICKS MBRELLAS AND SUNSHADES RH COVERED rx HAL AN HOUR FROM 38. 81). T. BRIERLEY, 61, PICCADILLY AND OPPOSITE CONSTANTINE'S BATHS OXFORD-STREET, MANCHESTER.

P iiirEß AND BAGS, GROOMS' WINDOW BILLS,Z TICKETS. TWINES, STATIONERY. S. WEAVER, 3, FLAG LANE, WARRINGTON.

J. S. GARLAND, SOLE AGENT FOR LEA FRANCIS," "PREMIER" AND BAYLISS- THOMAS "EXCELSIOR" CYCLES. THE EXCELSIOR CYCLES WITH DUNLOP OR CLINCHER A. TYRES, FREE-WHEELS AND FRONT AND REAR WHEEL, RIM BRAKES AT THE IASTONIBHING PRICE OF TEN GUINEAS, ARE THE BEST VALUE ITHE WORLD HAS YET PRODUCED. BOLE AGENT FOR EXCELSIOR MOTOR BICYCLES, BEE TRIAL ALLOWED TO INTENDING !PURCHASERS INSPECTION Is INVITED AT THE SHOWROOMS. 51, 53 AND 55, BRIDGE STRE P. WARRINGTON. FRANK 'AVIS, NUGGET SPORTING AGENCY MIDDELBURG. HOLLAND. MANCHESTER NOVEHBER AHANDICAP ETC. A Daily Price List issued, showing latest market change WRITE FOR MY GREAT MANCHESTER NOVEMBER HANDICAP CIRCULAR. A WERICLI PLACING CONTEST. For all farther particulareaddress as above.

RAY AND MILES' CLEARANCE SALE, THIS DAY. ALL FURNITURE REDUCED IN PRICE. ALL FLOOR COVERINGS REDUCED IN PRICE. TURKEY CARPETS, GREAT BARGAINS. ALL FOREIGN CIRPETS, GREAT BARGAINS. WINTER CURTAINS, GREAT BARGAINS. CURTAIN MATERIALS, REDUCED TO LOW PRICES. tiLL LACE CURTAINS AT REDUCED PRICES BEDSTEADS AND BEDDING AT REDUCED PRICES. GREAT BARG lINS IN HANDSOME BEDROOM SUITES. EVERY ARTICLE UCEDRED IN PRICE, THIS DAY, AT RAY AND MILES' CLEARANCE SALE. THIS DAY TO MAHOH 14. INCLUSIVE. RAY & MILES, 34 To 48, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

VOLINS, BOW AND CASES NIANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS, of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM., PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAXIM AND RRPAIRBR. Pupil of (*. A. Chariot) 57, RRNSIIAW(-STRIIRT (corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

ARNOLD AND LEWIS, 7, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GOLD WATCHES. FINEST MAKE. Eetablielaed 1830. DR. SCOTTS PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SGOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COMPLAINTS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS HEADACHE, rjoß• SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESIIGN, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILL MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices is. lad. and 2e. 9d.

ARE YOU A MARTYR? SUFFERING FROM INDIGESTION, BILIOUS- NESS, INABILITY TO ASSIMILATE YOUR FOOD, Wind in the Stomach, and yet trying to do your daily work like a healthy man ][i. MAY BE; HEROIC: That effort of yours but you are lound to tail in the race for wealth, unless you get rid of these troubles at once. There is a newly discovered Anzyme wnich is ten times as powerful as Pepsin which will digest your food for you, resting your stomach and giving it the tone necessary to perfor rt its normal functions. . This new discovery is embodied in MILLER'S DYSPEPSIA TABLETS WHICH ARE SOLD B/ Ho MILLER, CHEMIST. 77, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, AT nn. PER BOX.

TRE - Warrington and MU-Cheshire Examiner, Isoo T limbed every Saturday morning. 'THE Runcorn Examine-, published. Friday after- 1. noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and ffers the best and cheapest facilities toadvertisers. 'THE Tridnss Examiner, published Friday after- 1. noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and .0 rapidly becoming n important centre of industry. THE Barlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. rrHE Bt. Helens Examiner, published every Friday J. afternoon. THR EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID A.D VERTISE AIENTS APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words, Week, Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

THE EXAMINER. MAY Bth. 1903.

2/6 PER (111,1.R.1..A.Dr, QUART SCOTCH. AND IRISH WiIISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, ULTON BROS, INBBIRSCH&NTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

ON WEDNESDAY NEXT AND FOLLOWING DAYS 'SY. T. WILLIAMS WILL MAKE A SPECIAL SHOW .0P NEW SPRING MILLINERY, DRESSES. BLOUSES, ETU. 74. SANKEY-STREET AND 1, LBW:I-STREET, WARRINGTON. 74. VICTORIA ROAD WIDNES. Monday to Saturday' May 18 to 23. 1903. Sales each day at 2.30 and 6.30 o'clock. I/Alt. J. C.:PAYNE has received instructions from 1.91 the Trustee to Sell by Auction as above, 2.300 Pairs of Superior 110013 and SHOES in every variety, comprising gentlemen's fishing and shooting boots ; gent's kid. calf, glace kid, box calf, and Russian tan boots and shoes; men's heavy working boots and bluchers; ladies' stylish glace kid, calf and glove kict boots ; also 48 pairs of well-kndwn brand " P.G " boot. in ladies' and gentlemen's tan and black, and in Russian tan an black cowhide shoo era; ;Llso a v atety of ladies' box calf 1-ce an,i bait:Ott toots and at me, an • a largo yard ,ty or g e old ritst,ou baCa. b aid youths' bee, otit and school bo p.O s heavy working b vita. leather laces, etc. On yzeri the morning of each .lay's sale J U. PAYNIC, Au :timer and Valuer.

NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN. [By A CORRESPONDENT]. The proposition to transform the pit in Wargrave- road, into an open-air swimming bath is sure to meet with the hearty support of all sections of the ratepayers. Such a healthy means of support is badly wanted in the district, and the provision of a swimming bath could be made at the place in question at very little outlay. This would obviate the necessity of having to use the canal, or the old Common pit, neither of which are conducive to health or decency, and it is to be hoped the members of the Council wih see the wisdom of Dr. Watkins' suggestion, and proceed with the carrying of it into effect without delay. The news of the release of Travers who was charged with the manslaughter of his wife was received in Earlestown with mingled feelings. Many people thought that Travers should have received punishment adequate to the offence, but with the more enlightened it was considered that the judge, from the evidence adduced, took the only wise course and that Travers received no more punishment than he deserved. There were extenuating circumstances, and no one will be more sorry for the act which brought him into the felon's dock, than Travers himself. The Committee having charge of the Golborne May Queen festival were well advised in postponing the event last Saturday in consequence of the inclement weather, but if the present outlook is any guide the weather on Saturday will be no more propitious. For the sake of the children however„it is to be hoped it will improve, in order that the festival may be held.

4.IIHOHOND-12.40-W-16-411-1111142-41,11 0 WOULD YOU HAVE ! SOFT VELVETY 0 . i SKIN? .. , ,q. ; ...‘ ~, x. ..„,,,,, will; if ;:,:. )1.... ~,..-..- entirely' J 1 :4-.- -,-.-'4" remove all ' f-eg',. -'''- : ROUGT-INESS,CHAPS,I 1 i-Y.---- TAN, IRRITATION, etc., ' i6n. a very sho-rt time. Bottles I M.BEE7I-IAM & SON. 1 CHELTENHAViI 6d.,ls.,and2s.

, MERRY WE S ~........\\ r (~ „--",,,,, ..i15.„5.11, % <5: - i ' • --AttAi, ' ...... ' 0,:e:ev0.1.1 _,,,,,cet1/4., ~..„..._ t. x•-.... 4 /.4.) \ Kirignr, ..clir," -"oft.. IG .. . CLASS . -CARDEN HOSE 63 LONG ACRE,LONDON. LARGEST MAKERS OF HIGH . CLASS,KOSE. IN THE WORLD. ' . • __ .. , Every Woman ,--: .is interested and should _know -. '4,412it:',11J about the wonderful MARVEL WHIRLING SPRAY. Ask your Chemist for it. ifai4za=tsgrzer ~ (,„ // but send stamp for book giving full particulars and directions • ,', 4 invaluable to ladies. NARYEL CO. ' /''' ' IPatente4.) Dept. 143,11, Queen Viotoria Street. London, i.C.

HAVE you •A BALI LEØ With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. peee surrounded with inflammation and swollen.that when you press your Miger on the inflatnecrpart it leavet theimpression? If so, under the skin you have poison that defies all the remedies you have tried. which, if not extracted, you never can recover; but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are swollen, the joints being ulcerated.the same with the ankles, round which the akin may be dis- coloured, or there may be wounds; he disease, if allowed to continue, will 'deprive you of the power to walk. You may have att ended .varioes hospitals and. Lad medical advice and b een tolcl your case is hopeless. or advised to submit to amputation; but do not, for 14 can cure yob. I don't say perhaps.' but I will. Because others have failed, it is'no mason I 'should. Send all once a Postal Order, for es. 6d. to R. W. ALBERT, 734 P'arringdon-street. London, and you will receive a box of Grasshopper Ointment and Pals, which is a certaig remedy for the cure °tiled Legs, Housemaid's 'Knee" Ultereted Joints. Carbuncles, Poisoned IL.ada. goal Bunions. IR egistaredCopyrigat.l

LADY -14'8 22 , coo GA.. DIVA ... ( /4,, .... IGAP are Ae finest" . vaitie in biziTiSti OGAQ.S obrainthle: . equal Co 3,0. cigar on !-",?:,.• Me marker GOOD '' • 51101ce5 . seveN for b. 51\111419 .. i viss Bros: ed Coventry , ' -, ao" • - AGENT I Joseph Beswick, Horsemarket St. WARRINGTON. - W. 811170?:An,i1ToGlipeOl"rgetztjuSnte°41.;ieng. AND.OF ALL ROBACOONI67I.

MARRIED Persons should send two stamps for illustrated booklet of elastic hosiery. belts. trusses. syringe. Enemas, surgical appliances and specialities of everY d eseri pti on .—NORTHERN SURGICAL & RUBBEIi APPLIANCE 00., 181, SETEN SISTERS Roan, EoLLO- WAY, LONDON.

THINK IT OVER, Isn't It worth Is. 1(21. to be completely rid of Blekacile' Lumbago, Dropsy, Kidney Disease, Gout, Sciaties. Gravel, &e. Ifoldroyd's Gravel Pills are 3, pOSitiCe Cure: All Chemists, or post free 12 stamps. HOLP-- BOYD'S MEDICAL HALL, Cleckheaton, Yorks. Money bila

, n,esslire for , SUIT, ia S. *Jfl O. per weeki , • , 'T For se. down. and 7 moutill , . payments of sg. each. making 11 t (-la! of 40s. to* a suit your I „ tailor would charge you 60g. you can have our well-known 4. . - CORONATIONI,SERGf• In Blue. Black. or Greys. /\f, , , Send tc-day for patterns and seli: .i \ measurement forms, to G. E. WRIGHT and Coo i 1 g , ice:: aronr.itaitegetetepa lralci dl if fgnirasdi l. t, 0S h lit orders.f fi 10/4 0 smart, and well-made. 11.4 ~.? ' Please mention this paper.,,,,

'PdWDER ;Z.!Zittil• • •Lte.- „at:4s • , • ' • , - ,•-• -•••, 0. ; IS• lII'S BEETLES

TINS-34.64.13- BELLOWS '9l)

lADVORDa Ii.ADLIYLLAG.P..Pc:OO.II‹, 1.-440.1.4z011vNieihri4w0:10.01,1rndviO3.i.liv.ditil,A.feeds.1.:IsamhzacleldF.i.rTart:Pirizeet Layokrituoarias liteyilinstir.sms.ancheitsr. _AUNDRY AND DAIRY MACHIAERI AND li•thiLlNG mammas Liberal Cash Terins. CsiTalt;gites Past Fr' 'RADFORD AND CD .114 riI"G(;;NTIV 1 A Ter' 11:rj iri= • • ~„, upen selentific 20th 17 011 llnos free non-eorrosiye metal. • Improves and sd";frefif • nil snakes writing a uloasure. Box of 18 Post ...togs stamps. Obtainable only from the Box MARCIig Co.. Maidenhead, Berks. Money returned If not satto SkTlUGPoidEN,nDotettoUllSed thud T L' Filled) Lady's 3 Stone Ring sa• a ro,, ) Gold-cased Otirbad Bracelet leeks 2 (id post frae.—Vige eENCT Drr., 17. 34, Ireanel street, Manchester. •

More Judgment than Luck, 'J A lady writes: "I have brought up five children, youngest note nine, and haVe never had one case of Measles amongst them. I baVe never used any soap IN THE NURSERY except Wright's Coal Tar Soap. It must be the Soap, and not pure luck." FOUR.PENCE per Tablet.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. AFTBR TWO PILLS SKR FELT EASIER 26, Rutland-street. Brompton-road, S.W. April 26th, 1902. Sir,—l feel bound to write and state my wife's case. She was taken very ill with gout some weeks ago, and was in bed, not being able to put her foot to the ground. I made op my mind to try your Pills, and gave her two. After a few hours she felt (meter. She took one more in the after- noon, and I was surprised to find her up from bed when I came home in the evening. In-,two or three days she was quite,well again. Yours truly, A. FORD. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfeetly safe in their action, eliminate all injuri .as mat*.er, and are,highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles. ls. lid. and 2s. 9d., or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor I GEORGE BADE, 232, Gomall-road, London. EADE'S GOUT & R

Manufactured only at 78, New Oxford Street (late 533, Oxford Street), London-

.00INTmENTo CURES STIFF JOINTS, SPRAINS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE THROAT, QUINSY, BURNS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN.

• „...." T ~ - „.- -, L /....d...., vri4,, .: .43 ' f ...• ' 1,.." 4:, .. e .. ~. , f r ~.. ... ~ • , . _ ~ .! . .. • . -.1.• it kl, .0 ~., , r.. sil. 1 „....t .• . .., .., ,e, 2 A 1 ..,, ..,. w •,. .4 .. 4 . . 0. t. .C/ • ''•- . ; k ,',4 - ,i, vl if ,* Ift '''''' •t-Vi.:.'N.: i '? 1. . • At e; • :: - ;1 ..-.; . • , ; , l• . ' :.,'. 1, iii

" I CAN TESTIFY TO THE GOOD QUALITIES OF . •• ,-, . . v, .. , .1 ~,,,.., ~. .:,,:---10,,,c04; ~ ..... AM , , , IT IS A WONDERFUL PREPARATION. IT HAS MADE ME HEALTHY AND I CAN NOW SPRING OUT OF BED AS BRIGHT AS A BIRD." SO WRITES EVERY GROCER iN DRUMNIF.R CRAYTHORNE. WARRINGTON SELLS 3RD LIVERPOOL'S, ORFORD BARRACKS. WA,IRINGTO4. VI-COCOA

FOR FIRST-CLASS PXTV ATE, D ENTISTRY. TEETH. Annointinews nnneoessenr. but anav be arranged. TEETH. Al! consultations free. TEETHEach patient informatir befretian d d the co. w TEETH. Gold aril other fillings et cockfersts charges. TEETH. An M.D., also Lady Attendants. TEETH. P-intess Eantfracirtl.iouass hitherto by tbe tic' • TEETH. Maker to Dentists of l3.oool,Ribms weekly. lixrs. of the late J. H. P ARKINSON (DENTIST BY EXAM.YI TKADD,soN A 'MENDS 4.1 T. HELENS ... ...ONORGE-STRENT MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. sATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANKEY-STUN t WEDNESDAY, 2. to 5. R riNnORN, 31. BRIDGE-STRSNT TIIITRSDAY, 2 to 5. APPLEIdARKET-STR Icr RIDA.T, 11 to 12, and 1 to b.
