===== 0002601_19030815_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
nhall? f the ) 4 „vice' -role°

Vort" 031,1' roa,u, arice .e.itact* Cbes'

===== 0002601_19030815_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
S" INSURANCE °FYI CE FOUNDHP 1710. FUNDS IN HAND £2,386,639,

„,. Particulars apply to the following Agents : ailaTON Messrs. J. R. Pickmere & Son Bridge-st Messrs. Woods & Son. Commercial Chambers 55. Rorsernarket-street, Mr. Louis A. Willey, 21, Klng.street Mr. R. Lowe,l, Bank-street

GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY (IREL&NO). TOUR IRELAND. 600 MILES OF TRAVEL FOR XI. COMBINED TRAVEL AND HOTEL TicxErs. A IVBRI: FOR £2 7s. FOR LIST OF TOURS, TICKETS, &C., Appis TO g. W. R. McALPINR, IMPERIAL CHAMBERS, 62, DAM' STREW, LIVBRPOOL.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
FIAM FAY, General Manager.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
Obutation.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

JOHN W ALKHN AND CO EXAMINER" OFFICE.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

TELEPHONE 355 Y.

FOR MORR THAN TWENTY YEARS

THOUSANDS t)10 LADIES HAVK DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FINALF, PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A

===== 0002601_19030815_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOS TO WOMANKIN Et.

Theyfare: the hest knoun Remedy for Ausemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria. Palplintion of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes sid, is lid, 2s 9d. 4s 6d, arid lls, May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Proprietor. Only Address: .309, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL,

LONDON.:W.

PA T EN T OYYIOII. MANCHE ST IiaTABLISRED IN 1835.

Messrs. GEORGE DAVIE'S & SON have ha) more than 40 years' personal experienoein connection with this EhstAblish- ment.andpossesspractiv,alknowindfle of the oottonoroollen and iron manufactures.

" Self-help to tbe New Patent Law," price 6d. 'Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price ls. 3•BORGB DAVIBS. C. 8., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.&

4, BT. ANN'S 13Q17ARB, lIANOHBBTBR.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENI PRIVATELY

In large or small sums (not less than £10). payable by Instalments, or as may be mutually arranged, ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY, And with or without sureties. The undersigned has been ESTABLISHED UPWARDS OF THIRTY YEARS, and titss formed a very large connec- tion. During the last 20 years alone the total amount lent by him

===== 0002601_19030815_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCEEDED £1,250,000:.

He has received HUNDRHOS OF UNSOLICITRD LIITTMIS OF THANKS and has annually, for the past seven years, issued selections from these in pamphlets, of which nearly 400,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for Advances, or any Information de- sired, will be supplied FitHS OF CHANG% on application, either personallyor by letter, to

GEOROS PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, COUNTY PALATINB BUILDINGS, 16, SCHOOL LANE, :LIVERPOOL OR To THE HEAD OTEICE :- 20, KENNEDY-STREET,DIANCRESTVE

===== 0002601_19030815_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
&bares.

TRAFALGAR COILIBRY COMPANY LIMITED. Forest lof Dea3, Gloncestersbire.—Fifty Fully-paid Ordinary' Shares; average dividends la,t three years about 30 per cent —JAMES P. BATH 8c SON, 29. Ranelagh street, Liverpool. Telephone 2613 Royal,

===== 0002601_19030815_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Es bt Eft.

PRNlCETll.—Cottatree 4e Od.. 3.. 9d. and 81. Bd. per week OFFICES MARInT STREET 15 PIBRPOINT STREET, 4e. Od., per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No, I Bank-etroet War. rington. Telephone—No 55.

rro BE LET OR SOLD.—PRNKRTILnear WARRINGTON —The old PenkAth CABINET WO ,C 4. with • neas and other buildings, suitable for manufacturing purpo9es.—Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWR, 1, Bank-itreot. WarrinEtOn.

1110ENKRTIL—Serni-rietached Residence, " Rest Bank. I. Hall Nook, Penketh ; 3 entertaining rooms, bath. etc, large garden, rent £4o.—Apply. Mr R Lowz, Rotate Agent 1, Bank street, Warrington. Telephone No. 55.

B- RIDGE STRBRT, WARRINGTON (Market-gate .nd).- ' Large Rooms,on first floor with office on ground floor if required ; rent £2s.—Apply Mr. ROBERT LowE, estate agent. 1, Bank street, Warringt ln.

TV! LODGR FROGHALL-LANR, Warrington, to be let 1, good family residence, with stabling, &a, rent £45, : Apply Mr. R. LOWE, estate agent, 1, Bstik street, War ' rington.

rro LBT. STABLE and COAOHHOUSB. with lofts ove larste yardlattached off Tanners Lane.—Apply WOODS & BonSolicitors. 65, Horseniarketatree Warringt3n.

T BIGH, LANCA.SHIRE.—To he Let, from February 1904, Lk Bedford Hall Farm. containing 57 acres, good house. stable for 4, Oowbouse for 16: also from November, 1903, nine acres of grass land adjoining same.—For particulars apply Smrrus, GORE a: Co, Old Bank Balding., Cheater,

iNtris, p otiras, Eoartitm 05tab 5 ....,._„_______

SCARBOROUGHROVE.B BOARDING HOITSP., 13 Pavillon square. Three minutes spa, etc. Terms 55 6d to 65 6d day. Late dinner.

QCARBOItOUOII.—ST. ALTBYN'S BOARDING-HOUSB• kJ New Queen street. Sea views. Central. Moderate Z.barees.—MAYkOßßE9S.

I)CiUGLAS,—GRAND HOTBL, Facing Sea, under new management ; entirely renovated ; every comfort and convenience ; low tariff.—Proprietore, YATES BROS. & CO.

TAOUGLAS.—" GARSIDR'S BROOKWOOD," Central I_, Promenade. Absolutely finest position on sea front. Late dinners. Terms ss. 6d. to 6s. 64. per day.—J. GARSIDE

I LFRACOMBE.--THE GRANVILLE. Ist Class Boarding Establishment. Maim ficent situation and sea views. Comfort and gool cooking. Bijou guide gratis.—W. R. FOSTER, Proprietor.

11 LANDUDNO.—West End BOARDING, BSTABLISIi H- MINT. Bright and homelike. Charmingly situated. Close to beach, pavilion and pier. Highly recommended. Moderate terms.—M R GUAGE,

DDOVOLAS EMPIRE BOARDING HOUSE, Castle Mona Central Promenade; close to places of amusement an bathing grounds; tram passes door; terms ss. 63. to 61. per day.—Mrs KELLY. Proprietress.

DOUGLAS.—YORIC BOARDING' ROUSH. Castle-terrac,, Central Promenade ; boating and bathing opposite door : trams pass from steamers ; tariff 65. per day inclu- sive ;late dinner.—Mrs. CHALMERS.

DICTURNSQUR NORTH WALBS.—Visitors to this IT delightful country will find every acconunodation The Cross Keys Hotel, Holywell. Terms very moderate. With or without board.—Proprietor : R /1111. WRIGHT.

- I,IDINBURGH.—ROBINSON'S Popular TRUPBRANOU 1.1 HOTHL.S. 31, Lothian road. and Maitland Hote/, 33, Shandwick Place, both near the famous Princess street. Bach Hotel under go-ahead Rochdale management .—Address RGRINSON, to the Lothian Road Hotel, and MANAGER to the Maitland Hotel.

DORTRUM (for Giant's C‘useway).—Golf links, boating, I fishing, bathing. Seaside, North Ireland. Dry, bracing atmosphere. Atlantic breezes, Rooms, service, meals. 355. to 425. a week inclusive. The White House Hotels, Central and Windsor, Portrush, co. Antrim. Write for Booklet.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON EQUARH. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BIIBIIfEBS OR PLEASURE.

ABBRYSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA

One of the cheapest and most comfortable Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room and Coffee Room facing the sea. Board terms from 21 guineas per week, or 9s per day, according to Bpdroom. Bed, Breakfast and attendance from sa. Table d'Hote at 6.30 o'clock. For TARIFFS &C., apply to

W. H. PALMER. PROPHIRTOR.

NEWBRIGHTON

INTENDING VISITORS TO ABOVE WOULD DO WELL TO WRITE OR CALL AT

WEBSTERS,

CATERERS & REFRIISHMENT CONTRACTORS, -I - 13 AND la, VICTORIA ROAD. (NEAR THE PIER). WHERB TERMS CAN BS ARRANGED TO SUIT ALL CLASSES*

SCHOOLS PARTIES, FACTORIRS (LARGE OR exALL) SPRCIALLY CATERRD FOR, PRIVATR APARTMENTS.

WBITE AT ONCE FOR TILIM.S.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
1.,,,', i. i l' .1 f° . ' ft '''-' ~ .1 k ' is, I , I P ' 1

===== 0002601_19030815_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
g ; '4'

===== 0002601_19030815_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK IVIcDOUGALL'S Pateqt SELF-RAISING FLOUR

FASHIONS OF TO-DAY.

In spite of the constant revolutions of the wheel of fashion, the coat and skirt costume remains a necessary item of the .outfit for the summer holidays. Nowadays things have changed so much, and there are so many cheap trips to the seaside, that we need very many more clothes than formerly. Indeed, it is truly amazing how many frocks are abso-

Iluteiy necessary in order to be suitably dressed on all occasions. First and foremost in my list of necessaries I place the coat and ci skirt costume, which should preferably be of li blue serge, and with the skirt cut so as to

ead15,,1fth.7.111 I

A SMART TOILETTE:

clear the ground all round. I should suggest that a bright shade of navy blue is the colour selected, and that the serge is of the non- shrinkable kind. The skirt would look best knife-pleated, but some people find this variety of the kilted skirt heavy to wear, in which case the skirt should fit the figure closely to the knees and then spring out fully, the insertion of a few fan pleats help- ing to produce this effects There is also the skirt, which is arranged in simulated over- skirts arranged on a foundation of silk. Braidings are also greatly in vogue, and go very well with serge, whether white, red, or black braid is employed. One very effective seaside toilette of navy blue serge I recently admired was trimmed with black silk braid, arranged over white silk braid, the white silk showing through the pattern of the .braidings. The smart toilette depicted is however guiltless of any sort of braiding or trimming, being pleated both on the . skirt and short coat, and with only large flat gilt buttons as a relief, The coats this season -are all short, and mostly loose in shape; so popular indeed has the short sac or loose bolero become, that a whisper is already getting abroad that its reign is fast drawing to a close, and that the early winter modes will evince a marked leaning towards the tight-fitting coat, which really shows a good figure off to the best advantage,. A tightly- clinging coat is also warmer for winter wear,

e, s• • • .7; ,„ : . ..,/dir,--:}Q--. • , • -1, \, /di i I 7 I 1 II 1 • ll ' 'o.:', 01,2,r .V. ' '••• '."7 w„.-„,...,; •••,.-- l'--,,-;-..,----\., i, kv.ss, ~,, ~,,,,,- is-,:-: OD \I ,I, 11'.-;Y).- -,- t, 1---,, t . , iy I 9 \''.,,..),;) ~' j,.;;.,. "111 i,y - , 4,2 ,• i,; X 4 /,, ''/' lIIIP / ' -.,,,,''',•4. \\ P. 1:'I'll i

~ ~,,,, py 404 t- • !•-•-,-,/,' • --: ?1,. -.... • 9-r,--- S -,.,' , 0 A....,„ s 4l ' aN ,4 ...... ..,,,.,,, .... ! , .‘ :,... , / , . . . _

===== 0002601_19030815_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEAT COATJ

while the loose coat is cooler for summer wear, and will remain in vogue till the days of summer are a thing of the past. These little coatees are made with either a wide collar of silk or lace, or both intermingled, or are altogether collarless, having only a little band of the material itself stitched in lines, or else of some sort of handsome embroidery., The newest coats do not as a rule show a collar of. lace only, but the lace is used in the form of motifs laid on the silk, which is either plain or pleated:. _

The neat little coat sketched was worn with a brown voile skirt and in it the lace motifs are arranged on the pleated silk. The skirt which was worn with this was one of these exceedingly pretty eight-gored short skirts cut with a very pronounced flare at the feet, and strapped at the hips and near the edge of the flounce. The advantage of all the gores and stitchings on the skirt is that they all help to keep it in place and to make it straight and flat, while preventing it from bulging at the knees. These are all very good qualities, as the up-to-date skirt i•-; not always to be depended on by reason of its tendency to elaborations One girl of my acquaintance who requires to study economy has hit upon the ingenious plan of having two skirts to one coat, thereby saving room in the arrangement of the contents of her trilnks when visiting. The one skirt she has

===== 0002601_19030815_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
SIMPLE HAT.

made simply and cut rather snort, while the other is more lengthy and likewise more elaborate. One can always smarten up a coat by the addition of a handsome lace collar, a dainty neck ruffle, or a fluffy feather boa; and the coat should always be made to wear either open or closed—in the former case the style of blouse visible underneath emphasising or lessening the dressiness of the tout ensemble.

The simple hat sketched is of light burnt straw trimmed with folds of foulard- ribbon brought over one side of the brim and made into a soft bow with fringed ends falling on the hair. This style of hat is much in demand for seaside and country Wear. A very pretty afternoon or promermde toilette I saw in wear at one of the smartest seaside resorts on our coasts was of thin black material covered with s.mall white spots and trimmed- with white lace. The skirt was in.: three tiers or flounces, each edged with white lace tl:rough which some ,pale • blue ribbon was very narrow babe interthreaded, while the deep collar which fell in points on the shoulders was also trimmed with lace and ribbon in the same style: A chou of pale blue silk was arranged at tha points where the collar met, and the waist was surrounded by a folded and not very wide band of pale blue silk, A hat trimmed with pale pink roses and a touch of pale blue completed this elegant toilette, CovErrai

4011Misac.,000"-z-/.-- '‘INEIIIIIII , 1 5,i ... ~ , . illii*,‘t \ - -s--- ---- \ / ‘ \•\' t P ‘ , . A

===== 0002601_19030815_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S GHAT.

The year that has passed since the Coronation has been a very busy one for the King, and the activity which his Majesty has shewn in the discharge of so many public functions is evidence of the excellent health which the Sovereign', enjoys. One sometimes hears the remark that the King is one of the hardest worked men, but, however that may be, his Majesty is certainly one of the greatest travellers and there is scarcely any part of the country that the Sovereign has not visited dnring the past year. The most notable visits were those to Scotland and Ireland, and the year also includes visits to the Scilly Isles, the Isle of Man, and various other parts of the Kingdom. Then his Majesty's trip to the Continent included visits to the King of Portugal, the King •of Italy, and President Loubet, and among other noteworthy events of the period may be mentioned the visits to this country of the German Emperor, the King of Tortuga', and the President of the French Republic. One of the quarterlies discusses the tradition that the Barons King sale have the right to remain covered in the presence of the Sovereign. The discussion reminds one of a remark from an old resident in a provincial town, who was asked why he did not go to see London. "I do not believ," he said "that there is a better place than—, and if there were, I don't see what any- body could want with it." It does not seem to matter very much whether the lords of Kingsale have this right or not. Probably the story is all a myth; but if it were not, the right is scarcely one that anybody would wish to exercise, and if that is so, he might as well be without it.

This is the time of year when the country visitor appears in London, and if it were not for the policeman, the stranger would often Wrat a loss for information upon points which are of everyday concern to him. There is for instance, the difficulty of discovering the right busses and trains, which are mostly without any clear or regular system of indicating where they go to. Even the long resident Londoner has the greatest diffi- culty in ferreting out the right 'bus, and it must bestill more of a trouble to the stranger. Another, and equally unnecessary source of difficulty is, that thetheatres still omit to advertise their addree.s. When the play going public was small, and the number of theatres few, this information may have been superfluous, but now that the theatres are scattered in all directions -an intithation of their precise locality would save manypeople a good deal of trouble.

Tl-e house boat is a familiar object at many of our river resorts, and it is being more and more used by holiday makers on several of the Scottish Lochs. Many of these. such as the famous Loch Lomond with its finely wooded shores, and beautiful little islands, afford ideal surroundings for a holiday on a houseboat, though no doubt many Scotsmen will regard the luxuriantly appointed houseboat as in strange contrast to the old fashioned Scottish Way of enjoying mountain air and scenery. But luxury always follows hard upon the beaten track of the fashionable tourist and no doubt before long gorgeously appointed houseboats will be as common on the Scottish lochs as they are at Henley. Excellent fishing is nearly always to be had on the lochs, and for the angler there could hardly be a better holiday than one on a houseboat in the beautiful Scottish Highlands. Though women are generally timid of small or imaginary dangers, they are often as reckless as the most foolhardy men in exposing themselves to hazardous risks in mountain climbing, boating, bathing, and other fruitful causes of holiday accidents. One is reminded of this by the plight of the two ladies who in spite of all warnings would attemptitheascent of one of the Grison mountains, though it was known to be unsafe owing to snowfalls, and heavy rains. They were fortunate enough to be rescued in time, but it is foolish adventures of this kind that give rise to so many accidents during the holiday season. The lonely flower on the edge of the cliff, or the sprig of edelweiss hanging ever the abyss, seem to have an irresistible attraction for adventurous spirits and no warnings are sufficient to prevent them risking their lives in attempting foolish and hazardous feats.

The re-appearimce of the small waist is a matter to be deplored. That women and girls owe much of their present fine appearance and splendid health to the loose, straight-fronted corset, is an indisputable fact, and we can only regret that the craze for thehideous unnatural, wasp-like waist, should have been started again. The day when we all, like sheep, followed one another through the whims and fancies of Dame Fashion, are past, and though there are many who will follow the few smart leaders in this mode, as in all others, there are happily vast numbers of -women who prefer athletics and good health, to a red nose and the divers serious ills to which tight lacing so often leads. Tweeds and friezes of home manufacture are being much more worn this holiday season than was the case last year. Then zibeline carried all before it. Light in weight, and warm with their almost waterproof resist- ance to rain, and hardly showing dust or mud at all,they are ideal fabrics for travelling and knock-about gowns. Moreover one has the very comfortableifeeling that one is helping the home industries, saving one's pocket, and presenting a good appearance, when garbed in these particular materials. Bags and satchels are in as great request as ever, and this state of affairs will continue while pockets remain forbidden luxuries. For hard wear, the leather wallet, slung at the side by a chatelaine hook, is the most useful, then for more dressy occasions come the suede and antelope bags, while the bags of silk encased in a lattice-work of gold and silver, studded with spark- ling jewels, are luxuries only possible to the well- endowed with this world's goods. To the light-fingered individual, these dainty costly items must boa tempta- tion indeed, and it is surprising that we do not hear of more thefts of this description. The mantle of the late Miss Omerod has fallen upon another lady, Miss Alice L. Embleton, who has taken up the study of insect plagues, which cause so much trouble to farmers, gardeners and fruit growers. Miss Embleton was the first lady to be admitted a member of the Linnacan Society,and she has already achieved some measure of success, in dealing with small scale, that little pest which is so destructive to palms and ferns. Miss Etnbleton's method is the cultivation of parasites that prey upon the parasites which destroy vegetation. All insects, we are told, have their parasites, which in turn have others, and so on ad infinitum. It is by the study of these that Miss Embleton hopes to discover the most effectual insecticides for the pests which cause so much loss to farmers, horticulturists, and market gardeners. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
A WALKING BANK.

Did you ever hear of a living, walking bank? Did you ever see one? The answer must be in the affirma- tive. Every living man and woman is really a bank,and food is the medium of exchange. Chas. Forde's bile beans keep the balance on the right side. Where they are used, the store of energy supplied by the food is properly maintained or banked up. Where they are not used, sometimes there's an overdraft on the system's energy, and the sufferer has to give way and fail. This failure is as serious as any business bankrupWy. Sometimes far more so. Take the case of Miss Polly Tweddle, of Portland-road. Newcastle-on-Tyne. Her digestive organs became dis- ordered to suet. an extent that she could not retain food, her strength failed, and she broke down com- pletely. Thanks, however, to bile beans, her health is now perfect, and she told the following facts to a local reporter :—" I suffered acutely from indigestion for over twelve months, and although at first it did not lessen my appe- tite I had a distressing sickness after each meal. Nothing I could eat would stay upon my stomach. Then my appetite fell away, and I grew thin and became so weak I could not walk many yards without assistance. I was under a doctor for some months, but as I made no improvement I looked else- where for relief, though I had really begun to believe I would never recover my health. I was advised to try bile beans, and I did so. They made a difference in me in a few weeks, and gradually my indigestion and weakness disappeared. Thanks to bile beans, I fully recovered my health and strength, and am now as well as anyone could wish to be.

It is useless te think that one can continue to expend energy by walking and working,and the hundred and one actions of everyday life, if energy is not being stored up in the human bank ; and if food is not digested properly, sooner or later there is bound to be a breakdown. Bile beans will prevent this, as in the case of Miss Tweddle, reported above. They are obtainable from all medicine vendors at one-and three-halfpence or two-and-nine per box; but you are warned against useless, if not actually harmful, substitutes and imitations. Substitutes never cure, and when purchasing it is advisable to bear this in mind.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
A ROMANCE OF THE BOER WAR.

_ It is stated that during the war two Boers became detached from a commando in a northern desert beyond Lydenburg, and having wandered about and nearly perished from thirst came across the skeleton of a man with two heavy bags beside it, one containing gold and the other diamonds, which treasures the Boers buried, subsequently finding their commando. After peace, these two Boers went to secure the buried treasure. One returned, but the other, Van Nankerk, has been missing for three months, and foul play is feared, as an expedi- tion which set out to look out for the treasure and seek traces of the missing man, found neither, but during the journey learned much to engender strong suspicion. The Criminal Investigation Department is said to have the matter in hand.

A terrible snowstorm occurred in the Canton of Schwiz. Switzerland, on Sunday evening. Hundreds of trees were uprooted and thousands of windows were broken. The fruit crop is utterly ruined. For more than an hour after the storm hailstones as large as hazel nuts were lying six inches thick on the ground. Seventy-seven more passive resisters were summoned before the Sheffield Stipendiary on Wednesday, when the defendants included a magistrate and several leading Nonconformist ministers. In all the eases orders were made for distress warrants.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, August 15, 1903.

'tezif ivy Arifillialions' , lit ,v4iroirir •41V4V•Iggik it „„, ~.,., ..,..8--7,-, ,„ • . , ~ e , $ •., I '..*:,. Nva , •i• . ' v ilia"- .i.A '' A *** a 000 TT JA., iz.t - • A ,A, /14A, ej • ,3...1.144 .S 7 ' 1` i - C'',

t* E

CHAPTER XVI:

WHY TREDEGAR DID NOT LEAVE ENGLAND.

WHEN his visitors had departed Tredegar crept back to his miserable bed of straw and clenched his hands with impotent rage. Their visit had been an insult to his help- lessness. If one hand had been free, nay, ii even his feet had been free, he would have flung himself upon them, and beater] them to death. Yet there was one that he knew had not come to mock him. He had caught a glimpse of bright hair in the background. Cynthia Cantrip had not come there to gloat over his misery, and as he thought of her, a thrill of hope ran through his weary body. Her infinite resource and unfailing energy might once again be used on his behalf. The debt he owed her, already too large to pay, might be still further increased. He had no doubt that she was planning his escape. He had felt the soft touch of her fingers at his feet in the boat, and realised that even then she had not, overlooked the smallest possibility of freeing him from his bonds. And how he had repaid her. Even now, in his lonely prison, he felt ashamed that he should think of .her at all. Every thought should be given to the woman he loved, and who, he felt sure, would do as much and more for him, if it were in her power. "Poor Mavanwy," he said to himself, she is but a child, and has neither the brain to conceive, nor the strength to execute. Yet she has all my heart, and if Cynthia were to lay down her life for me, she could not have that which I have already given." Poor Tredegar ! His mind was racked between a sense of gratitude and an honest love which takes no account of favOurs re- ceived or to come. Then ke smiled at his own thoughts. What mattered love or gratitude to one in his posi- tion—to a man whose days were in all proba- bility numbered. The shadow of death blotted out everything else. All earthly hopes and fears and passions grew dim under the dark wings of Azrael. He would die like a dog thrown into a pond with a stone about its neck. From his early boyhood he had always dreamed of an heroic death—a 'last • good fight with men falling dead around him like leaves shaken from a tree. If only he had . been calm and self-possessed on that terrible night at the Plas Tredegar ! If he had only stood his ground and faced his trial he might have been a free man to-day! Now he could hardly hope for a verdict of "Not guilty." Only Cynthia Cantrip's evidence would be in his favour and the -lying tongue of her father , would out-weigh that. It would be sus- pected that she was prejudiced and that she lied for love of him.

For two hours he lay in the darkness., turn. ing over these and other thoughts in his mind. The oppressive silence was only broken by the faint sound of a rat nibbling at one of the old wine bins. At last even that ceased, and Tredegar felt as though he had lost a com- panion in his loneliness. His mind idly turned to the days of his boyhood; when •he used to bring his fox terrier down into the Cellar and hunt the rats out of a pile of old boxes in the corner. He would have given all his worldly goods to feel the cold nose of that terrier now against his hand. The dark: ness and the silence were terrible. He began to whistle, but the notes sounded harsh and discordant, and the tune died away on his lips. Then he tried to sleep, for he was worn out, but his brain was too active, and his wounds were painful, and the irons on his wrists and ankles had begun to cramp his muscles. It was impossible to lie down in any comfort. Then it suddenly struck him that one of the policemen might be outside, and if so, that it would be good to hear his voice even if it were only raised in anger or rebuke. He called out, but there was no response. Then he took a draught of water and lay quite still. At last he heard a faint movement outside the door, and what seemed like the whisper of voices. He started up, and saw a thin line of light along the floor. Then the listened, every nerve strained, to catch ' the sound. For half a minute there was silence, then he heard the click of the lock, and a stfeak of yellow came through the half opened door. "Who is that ? " he said in a whisper. "Hush," was the low reply. Then a woman's fingers came into view. At first Tredegar thought it was Cynthia, and when he saw that it was Maxamwy his heart was filled with a great joy. She quietly closed the door behind her and advanced with the candle in her hand.

"My darling I" murmured Emrys, rising to his knees and stretching out his ~m.anacled hands towards her; She looked at him in terror. He was not a pleasant sight for anyone to gaze upon, and least of all for the girl- who loved him. Then her tender heart was filled with a great pity, and she longed to take Min in her arms. But, remembering her oath, she kept a little distance from him, and placed the candle on the floor..

" Emrys," she said, in a trembling voice, "I have come to release, you! There is no time to lose 1"

She then, took the key from her pocket, and, unlocking the handcuffs, laid them quietly on the straw. Then she knelt down and unfastened the manacles ..on his ankles. He rose to his feet, and tried to clasp her in his arms. But she evaded him, and held out her hands as though to ward off a blow. . A look of pain and surprise crossed his Lace.

" Mavanwy," he said, "my darling, why There is no • time to lose," she. exclaimed, hurriedly. " You must be miles away from here. by daybreak. No, Emrys please— remember how late it is I You must fly at once!"

"My own brave tittle, girl," be said, ten- derly. " I shall owe you my life." "You owe me nothing, Emrys," she replied, nicking up the candle and moving towards he door. • - .

He stood still, and then she turned round and gave him such a look of agony that a pain seemed to shoot through his heart. "What is it, Mavanwy ?" he said, "My darling, what is it ? Why do you look at me like that ?" And he came close to her side, and once more tried to take her in his arms. She shrank from him, and cowered against the wall, covering her face with one hand and weeping bitterly.: " Mavanwy t Mavanwy !" he said, in despair. He began to think that her troubles had affected her brain. She raised her head, aknd looked at him with a tear-stained facei

Emrys.'?. she faltered, "to-night you must leave the neighbourhood J As soon as possible you must leave Englanda We eau never be married, and you must forget me,3

"I do not understand I" he said, hoarsely. "Why can we never be married? My inno- cence will be proVed some day." "Your guilt or innocence will not matter, Emrys," she replied. "We . can never be married—at least, not for many years. I cannot tell you more. Now you must go !" "I will not go," he said, doggedly, unless you explain matters." `e For shame, ,Emrys," she replied, "You are not such a coward as that. I have risked everything—have given up everything to release you— Have you no gratitude ? Are you Pl

no, Mavanwy 1" he broke in. "I will go."

She paissed quickly through the door, and he followed her. She locked the door behind her, and they made their way up the steps and crept silently to the dining-room. Tredegar opened one of the windows. It was a less noisy Iwneans of exit than through the hall-door, .which was bolted and barred and chained. , Then he hesitated with his hand upon the window-sill. Mavanwy blew out the light and they were in darkness. I-Es great figure was silhouetted against the sky. " Mavanwy," helk said, earnestly, "I owe you my life! I will keep it for you. Ido not ask you to tell me what has come between us. I am sure that you have acted for the best. "

"I have acted for the best," she said, in a low voice. " I am sure it is for the best, Emrys. You must leave England at once. Here is money," and she pulled out the bundle of notes. Tredegar looked at them doubt- fully. "They have been lent to me," she continued, "to give to you." "I cannot take them," Tredegar said, knowing who .had lent them. "You would not offer them to me if yoU knew everything." "I know everything," she said; and you must take these for my sake."

Tredegar drew in his tireath sharply. He seemed to see everything more clearly. Mavanwy had learnt all about Cynthia, and had thought it best to break off their engage- ment."

never loved her, Mavanwy !" he said, hoarsely. "I have always been true to your" "I know—l. know," she said. " But you must go at once, Emrys, or someone will hear us. If you do not take these notes you will cause me lifelong misery. for, you cannot get out of England without them." He took them without a word and placed them in his pocket. "You know that I love you, and always shall love you," he said.

"I .know," she answered. "Good-bye, Emrvs," and she held out her hand.

He seized it in his powerful grasp, and drawing her head close to him, bent down his head to kiss her. She turned her face away, and sobbed as though her heart would break. She longed to fling her arms round his neck, and her whole soul yearned for one last embrace, one long passionate kiss—one fond good-bye. For a moment she hesi- tated, and the burden of her oath seemed light as a feather, to be blown away in the wind of passion. Then she shuddered, and shrank away from .him with a low cry. He let go of her hand, and climbed out of the window: "Good-bye, dearest," he said. "Good-bye, Emrys !" she replied; " and God bless you !" He wrung her hand in silence, and then ran swiftly across the lawn into the shadow of some trees. She watched him till he had disappeared, and for more than a quarter of an hour she stood at the open window and stared at the place where he had vanished 4. Then she closed the window and crept quietly up to bed. In half an hour she had cried herself to sleep.

For five days Tredegar made his way south, travelling by night, and sleeping in some lonely place by day. He dared not take the+ train, for he knew that every station 'would be watched. He was doubtful if it would be possible to get away from any port unob- served. His great stature marked him out everywhere amongst his fellow-men. His only hope seemed to lie in shipping as a stowaway to some French port, and thence booking a passage to South America. At any rate, he was furnished with the sinews of war, 'and could fight a hard and long battle 'against his _enemies with some chance of success.

But his mind was racked by a hundred doubts and fears that had no connection with his own safety. Hour after hour he tried to imagine how Mavanwy had obtained the keys to release him, and puzzled his •brain for some explanation of her conduct. It had seemed as though all her love had sud- denly died out. She had not given him a single loving word. She had shrunk from his embraces. and had hardly dared to look him in the face. And out of the chaos of thoughts two terrible suspicions rose upper- most in his mind. One, that Cynthia had told Mavanwy the whole story of those days in River Street; and tie other, that John Walroyd loved Mavanwy, and that she had obtained the keys from him by promising to be his wife.

He reached Cardiff in safety, but knew that the most perilous portion of his journey had nOw commenced. He purchased a sailor's suit in a low quarter of the town, shaved off his beard and moustache, and took a room in one of the lodging-houses frequented by the roughest sailors. Everyone stared at him, and he could not understand why he had not been recognised by the police, if any description of him had been forwarded to them. He did not know that the day after his departure, the monster had made an appearance in the Llynglas woods, and that he, Tredegar, was still supposed to be in the neighbourhood of Garth. The next evening, however, he found an old copy of the South Wales Echo in the bar of a public house, and the first headline that struck his eye_ was the following :

" FURTHER DEVELOPMENT OF THE CARDIGAN MYSTERY. MURDER OF A JUSTICE OF THE PEACE. •

DISAPPEARANCE OF HIS DAUGHTER."

Then, as he read the matter underneath, his face went white as death. and he staggered- against the wall bf a house, clutching the paper, and trying to read it with trembling hands. His brain reeled as he read the horrible news, and the lines swam into a misty blackness. For Mavanwy Morgan had disappeared, and Mr. Morgan had been found dead. And the paper was four days old. That very night he concealed himself under the tarpaulin of a truck, and, went rattling northwards again through the darkness.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
BY HARRIS BURLAND. AUTHOR OF bACOBRAIETC.

CHAPTER XlV.—Continued.

" Treclegar go fuel " he cried in a. burst oi k sudden jealousy. "What have you to do with—ah, I remember now. NO I he shall not ! " .

" You are indeed an ardent lover,"- she said scornfully. " But I may tell you that Mr. Treclegar is nothing to me, and that it is only for the sake of that poor child upstairs that I ask you. She wAI die of. a broken heart if anything happens to him. And he loves her with all his soul. Besides, he is an innocent man."

"That lie will have to prove in the dock," Walroyd said grimly.

"Do I understand that you refuse my request ? " Walroyd was silent and taking up a handful of jewels, he let them run through his fingers back into the box. She watched them with sparkling eves. "I would rather give you all these," he said after a pause. " You can take them now if you will. promise to marry me. "I have named my terms," she replied, turning towards the door. "It is surely not so hard a thing to let an innocent man go free, and save the life of an innocent girl." Then she turned back and looked at him with a sad little smile.

He searched her face with a keen glance of mistrust, and then her beauty overpowered his senses and his reason. He Aloved towards her and caught her in his arms. " Iwill do as you ask," he murmured. "I would do anything for you. My darling ! " and he kissed her again and again. Her face was crimson with shame, but sive did not resist. The price had to be paid. "Let me have the keys, please," she murmured.

" You must not let him out yourself ! " he said quickly. "That I insist on. You beliefe him to be innocent. But I believe him to be a dangerous lunatic." "No," she answered," Mavanwy shall do that. Poor child How glad she will be to risk her life at the hands of that same dangerous lunatic." Walroyd drew a key from his waistcoat pocket, and then went over to the writing table to find a key for the handcuffs. Cynthia followed him. Then as he. moved some of the papers, he uncovered a glittering object on the table. Cynthia's keen eyes saw it at once. "Whatever is that ? " she said. "Oh, nothing," he replied with a laugh, "only an old gold curio." "May I see it ? " she asked. He handed it to her, and continued to search for the key. She took the piece of fiat metal to the light, and examined it. It was the half of the gold disc that Tredegar had given her, but the piece of chain was missing. She said nothing, but replaced it on the writing table. At last Walroyd found a key for the hand- cuffs and gave it to her. "You must do the best you can," he said. "As far as I am concerned I shall see and hear nothing. But I cannot answer for the rest of the household. Good-night, my darling ! " She held out her hand. He laughed, and catching hold of it, drew her close to him and kissed her on the lips. - "Good-night," she said, and breaking away from him, she hurried from the room and fled upstairs. "Oh, the shame of it," she cried to herself, "the bitter shame of it I"

Then as she opened the door and turned up the light and saw Mavanwy sleeping peace- fully, a 'great fury seized her, and her whole frame shook with passion. She advanced to the bed, and there was murder in her eyes. Then she started as though a sudden idea had struck her. She stooped down ansl looked hard into the girl's face. "I have paid my price," she muttered, " and now you must pay yours, Mavanwy Morgan." Then she caught the sleeper by the shoulders and shook her violently.

...craiacTS;

"Yes, I don't understand." " Well. Mavanwy," she continued, fi if you must have it in plain language, John Walroyd is one of those men who do not give without receiving something in return." " But I have nothing to give," Mavanwy cried, " except my heartfelt thanks—my prayers, my "she stopped as she saw the sneer on the other woman's lips. Even an innocent girl who had lived all .her life in the depths of Wales could' read the expression in Cynthia's face. Mavanwy flushed crimson. "How dare you," she cried. Cynthia laughed bitterly. "You said just now you would give any- thing—anything. But ,you did not mean it I suppose.': Mavanwy stared wildly at the looking glass, a.s though trying to collect her senses. Then she held on to the mirror to steady herself. . " John Walroyd is a gentleman," she said faintly. Cynthia rose from the bed and advanced towards her with blazing eyes. "John Walroyd is a cad," she said, "and you—you are a weak fool, and not worthy of the love of a man like Emrys Tredegar. You could get these keys out of Walroyd in five minutes, and give—well perhaps a few kisses, perhaps not even that and yet you stand there and falter and blush. Great Heavens, girl, do you realise that a man's life is at stake, and that you have to hesitate at nothing— absolutely nothing to save him, and that you have to act at once." "I will go down to him now," Mavanwy said bravely, and she moved towards the door. " One moment ! " Cynthia cried. "You may as well be prepared for what you might have to face. Supposing that Walroyd were to—were to ,make you an offer of marriage, and that Tredegar's fate hung upon your acceptance or refusal, would you be willing to sacrifice your life's happiness to save Emrys Tredegar from death ? " Mavanwy turned round with a white face and parted lips. "No, no—anything but that—you are jesting—it would be impossible. Emrys would rather die than see me the wife of another man—and I—would rather kill my- self ! What do you mean? What do you mean? Oh, it is impossible ! " She sank into a chair, and buried her face in her hands, sobbing and swaying to and fro in her grief. Cynthia came to her side, and looked at her, half in pity and half in triumph. Then she touched her on the shoulder. Mavanwy," she said quietly, "there will be no need for you to do this. I have already done your task for you. Look here." Mavanwy looked up and saw two small keys lying in the other woman's hand. Then Cynthia's face grew very hard and cold. "This," she said, holding out one of the keys, "will open the cellar door. The other will open the handcuffs and manacles. They are both yours—at a price." . " Where—? " gasped Mavanwy. "How did you get them—oh, Cynthia," and she rose and made as though she would embrace her. Miss Cantrip held out one hand and kept her at a distance. "They are yours—at a price," she repeated, "and the price may seem to you extravagant. But I can assure you that they have cost me more." "Oh, Cynthia, let me have them—quick. I N;ill give you all I have in the world, and she stretched out her hands in supplication. " I only ask one thing," Miss Cantrip said, "and that is, that you will swear to me by all you hold most sacred not to marry Emrys Tredegar till—till I am dead, or I release you from your oath." "Until you are dead," Mavanwy said with wide open eyes. " Why—l don't understand you, dear. You don't object to my marriage with Emrys ? " Cynthia Cantrip took the girl by the arm and swung her round so that the light from the electric lamp fell full in her eyes. "Listen to me, Mavanwy," she said sternly, "and then perhaps you will understand. An hour ago I obtained these keys from John Walroyd. I have paid for them with my body and soul. I have promised to marry this man, and he has bought me with these two little bits of steel. It is not too much to say that I loathe the sight of him, and have paid for Emrys Tredegar's release with the happiness of my whole life. Now do you understand ? " Mavanwy raised her eyes to Cynthia's face, and saw that it glowed with the light of the greatest triumph in the world—the triumph of self-sacrifice. Then she clasped her hands together nervously and looked away. " I understand," she said in a low voice. "Oh, how you muk hate me—how you must hate me." "• If I were a good and noble woman," Cynthia continued, "I should be content to have done a good work, and to have sacrificed myself for the happiness of you both. But I am only a jealous and passionate woman, who loves and is not loved in return. And I would rather leave Emrys to die, than see him married to you. .I have paid my price. Now you must pay yours." "This is cruel, Mavanwy murmured; "This is cruel." "Aye," Cynthia answered with flashing eyes, it is a cruel work for all of us—for me —for you—and for him. Perhaps it would be better to leave him to his fate. "No, no," Mavanwy cried, "anything but that. Oh, what shall I do ! If I could only speak to him and ask him. I have no one to advise me." 'You had better accept my terms,',' said Cynthia, looking at her watch, and you have no time to spare. I have made them as light as possible. You are only bound till I am dead. I may die to-morrow. Who knows? I have not much inducement to live." An eager look came into Mavanwy's white face, but it changed quickly to one of horror, as she realised the vileness of her thoughts. "Why do you tempt me," she cried pas- sionately. "If I do this thing, I shall be a murderess in thought until you die. • I shall hope for your death, long for it, even pray for it." "No, Mavanwy,"" Cynthia answered quietly, "You are a good woman. If we were to change places, and I had sworn the oath I ask you to swear, your life would be in danger every hour of the day. But you are good and sweet and pure. Your very love enobles you. Mine is a consuming fire, that has scorched up all the better part of my nature. But enough of words," and she looked at her watch. "It is now two o'clock. I will give you five minutes to decide." She walked to the window and flinging it open, looked out into the night. Then she turned again to Mavanwy. "If, at the end of this time," she continued, "you do not consent to my terms I shall throw these keys out of the window. There is a pond at the other side of the gravel walk." For a whole minute Mavanwy stood in agony and irresolution. Her face was drawn and haggard, and her fingers were twined so tightly together that it seemed as though the blood would spurt from their tips. Then she looked out of the window, and the single

branch of a pine tree stood against the siiy like a gallows. She gave a low cry, and pressed her hands to her eyes, as if to shut out the sight. "I will swear," she said hurriedly, " I will swear! Quick ! Tell me what to say ! " Cynthia took a small gold crucifix from her neck and handed it to the white-faced, trem- bling girl. t` Take this," she 'said, fl and say these .words after me." H I swear that I will not marry Emrys "Tredegar, uor allow him to be a lover fel sane,

nor speak a loving word to him, nor, tell him why I have done this thing, till Cynthia Cantrip shall release Inc! from my oath or until she is dead. By this holy cross I swear it." Mavanwy repeated the words,, snlence by sentence in a low straltizd \Tice. "Kiss the crucifix," said Cynthia.' The girl pressed it to her white lips and handed it back to its owner.

Cynthia held out the keys, and Mavanwy took them in her cold fingers.

"Where is the place ? " she said in a low voice." •

"I will show you,"! Cynthia replied lighting a candle. "You must not speak a word. Mr. Walroyd will not interfere, but the servants af your father, or mine might hear us. Every- thing depends on your silence, and here—give this to Emrys—a loan, mind you, from your- elf." and she handed her a bundle of bank notes.

"No, I cannot," Mavanwy said firmly. "Very well," Cynthia replied, " then he may as well stay where he is. He has no money to get out of England." Mavanwy took the money in silence and the two women crept out of the room and made their way down stairs to the cellar door. There was no sound but the ticking of the clock on the staircase. The whole house was in darkness.

Then Cynthia pointed to the door, and leaving the candle, groped her way back to her room.

And then at last, her strong will broke down and flinging herself on the bed, she cried like a little child, and prayed that God might strike her dead for all the evil she had done.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XVJ

TWO WOMEN. MAVANWY stirred uneasily in her sleep and then opened her eyes. "I want to speak to you," said Cynthia in a hard Voice. IVlavanwy blinked at her, gave a deep sigh, and turned round to go to sleep again. _ _

"Wake up at once," Cynthia continued sternly," if you wish to save Emrys Tredegar," and again she shook the girl by the shoulders. Mavanwy sat up in bed and stared round the room.

" Emrys," she murmured; "how can I save him ? " then a. look of terror came over her face. "He will not be hanged, will he? No, they could not do it. He is innocent." "He will certainly be hanged if you do not rouse yourself." "How can I—please tell me what I could do. I would do anything. I would give my life if it were required." Cynthia sat down on the edge of the bed and smiled.

Would you really give anything," she said ; "anything?" "I would giye everything in my power," Mavanwy replied. "Oh, if I could only give my life for his."

• ." The law does not want your life," Cynthia continued pitilessly. "it is Very anxious for his, and I am afraid they would not exchange."

Mavanwi buried her face in her hands and her long dark hair fell. over her shoulders like a shroud. Her slender frame shook with sobs.

But Cynthia Cantrip was relentless as the stroke of doom. She at any rate lig.d acted, and had not wept. "This is no time for tears, Mavanwy," she said sternly. "At daybreak Emrys Tredegar will be taken to Cardigan jail. After that no one can save him. He .must be released to- night. He is here—in this house." "In this house ?—in the Plas Tredeaar ? " Mavanwy cried. "How could they Saxe I" "Well they, have dared. He is in the cellar. John Walroyd has the key. He also has a key that will open the handcuffs." Mavanwy rose from her bed, and hurriedly began to put on her clothes. " I will go to him myself," she said, "and will ask him on my knees to let him go." "He will probably grant your request," Cynthia answered with a slight sneer. John T. Walroyd cannot refuse anything to a beautiful woman. I , expect he is still in the smoking room." Mavanwy looked at herself in the glass, and a faint smile passed over her white face. "I am tired," she said; "I am afraid he will not think me beautiful."

"You are young," Cynthia replied, "and weariness on.y adds to yyiur charms. At my age it makes a woman I.Lggard and very very old."

Mavanwy continued her toilet, and paid special attention to the coils of her glorious hair. Cynthia watched her with a cynical smile.

"Are you not afraid," she said after a pause. " Afraid ? " asked Mavanwy. "Wily should I be afraid? "

"Well, is it not rather late for a young girl to seek an interview with a man ? "

A faint blush came to Mavanwy's eheek. "Mr. Walroyd is a gentleman," she said. "Doubtless," Cynthia replied, and then she laughed. Mavalawy turned round from the glass and looked at her. "What do yen mean ? " *he querieJ. tf Well," Cynthia answered, "I mean what I said just now. Mr. Walroyd cannot refuse anything to a beautiful woman." Yes ? Well? " If Need I say more ? ft and she shrugged her

===== 0002601_19030815_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EMBEIII

===== 0002601_19030815_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
(To be continued.) PHYSICAL DEGENERACY.

lOn every hand we hear the ory "As a Nation we I are slowly decaying." Our representative has been ' investigating this subject upon lines which are not ; usually adopted. For some time he has watched a young lady pass from healthy and blooming girlhood into what should have been a robust and active woman- hood. In this case, as in so many instances that could I be mentioned in reference to this period, a great change came over her. At the time she ceased to be a girl,lher mother—Mrs. Fairburn, Aire-street, Knottingley, Yorks —says :—" From being strong, she rapidly sunk to a weak and helpless condition. Her plump and rosy cheeks ! left her, and haggard and dark-eyed, she became but the I shadow of her former self. Her blood was weak and ! watery. She suffered almost incessantly from head- aches, and it was 'impossible for her to obtain that regular, natural action of the body which is absolutely essential if good health is to be maintained. Latterly .so weak had she become that she was fosced to lay in bed. I never quite gave up hope, and hear- ingi of the fame el Dr. Morse's Indian ; Root Pills' I determined to give them a trial. They have made a wonderful difference in my I daughter; she is now a healthy young woman, bright

; and happy in the thought that. tO Dr.-Morse's, Indian Root Pills she alone ownes her cure." They are a posi- tive cure for Liver and kidney complaints, bilious- ness, indigestion, constipation, piles, dyspepsia, foul breath, sallow complexion and female ail- ments. They are also a perfect blood pbrifier, curing eczema, pimples and blotches. Sold by leading Chemists and Stores, price is. IRI. per bottle. 1 If unable to obtain where you reside, Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills may be had post free on receipt of price, from The W. U. Comstock, Ltd., 21 Farringdon Avenue, London, E.C. It is interesting sidelights such as this on the great National questions of to-day which help to make us understand them. For how can the country maintain its own, when its womenfolk, who are the mothers of the country, are not sufficiently alert to avail themselves of those things which are necessary for their welfare?

===== 0002601_19030815_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, . '

===== 0002601_19030815_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
, ~--- __lawzioAd&l _ -,,, -

===== 0002601_19030815_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. WHITAKER WRIGHT.

Of more than middle height, inclined to corpulence, and of somewhat robust build, such is the appearance of Mr. Whitaker Wright to-days He has changed consider- ably since he last appeared before the British public. During his stay abroad he has grown a beard of brown tinged with iron grey, Which considerably modifies the faeial aspect, but by no means tends to conceal identity. A somewhat receding forehead is backed by a head slightly bald in front, but bearing in the °tato pacts ismown hair tinged, as the beard is, with coming grey. A rather sallow com- plexion, full cheeks, average nose, prominent lips, and strong neck complete the descrip- tion of this man of the moment. Mr. Whit- aker Wright is oae of the most unassuming millionaires we have. He dress'es modestly in black, abhors jewellery, and always gives the appearance of desiring to be as little seen as a man of eighteen-stone can reasonably expect. But Mr. Wright enjoys the beauti- ful, and is very house-proud. His most cher- ished residence is Lea Park, near Goclalming. Lea Park almost touches the unattainable, even fov a millionaire. It is an Aladdin's palace—a palace that is estimated to have cost something like £250,000. When Mr. Wright acquired the estate some seven years ago, he gave his architects and contractors orders to employ 500 workmen at one tiine, and entered upon a scheme of building wad beautification which would have required twelve years to complete. But his ambition to make his residence perfect in his own eyes has, of course, been held in abeyance for a time, and the workmen have ceased their revivifying. There are a great number of unopened cases of valuable Roman statuary lying in a field close by which are not im- proving by their exposure. But Mr. Wright Cannot hefp this.

/hitoker Wrigh6 mafni,,,nr Irepdenca ••acLe Park Goantax.rag.

AUSTRALIA'S NEW GOVERNOR-GENERAL The Right Hon. Lord Northcote, G.C.1.E., C. 8., Governor of Bombay, who has been accepted as Governor-General of the Common- wealth of Australia in December next, to suc- ceed Lord Tennyson on his resignation of the office, is the second son of the first Earl of Iddesleigh, better known as Sir Stafford Northcote, and was born in 1846, and mar- ried in 1873 the adopted daugh- ter of Baron Mount Stephen. He was attached to the Marquess of Ripon's Spe- cial Mission to arrange the Ala- bama Treaty. and was Secre- tary to the Claims Commis- sion under the Treaty of Wash- ington until RT. HON. LORD NORTHCOTE. 1873. He ac- companied Lord Salisbury on his Embassy to Constantinople in 1876. and was then appointed acting Third Secretary in the Diplomatic Service. He was his father's private secretary when Chancellor of the Exchequer in 1877-o; Financial Secretary to the War Office, 1885-86; Surveyor-General of Ordnance, 1886-87; and Charity Commissioner, 1891-92. He was created C.B. in 1880 and baronet in 1887. He sat in the House of Commons as Conservative member for Exeter from 1880 until October, 1899, was appointed Governor of Bombay and made a baron of the United Kingdom in 1900.

4,,` " •• , Ve IC - ,t• ,w, • ,A.•"' •,a.,V::;" itiiilli 1,44'1',:f .'.(jOivreei& . ..1 '1:: - '7‘4l • ..';) ~0 j,ii// i i a ' (I. )' \\Re\s'syr .%(''':'" P 7 \ ‘,.‘ \' 4 19" \\\ i

===== 0002601_19030815_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW NAVAL COLLEGE.

Our illustration of the new Naval college at Osborne, just opened by the King, will give a complete idea of the extensive buildings which have thus been placed at the disposal of the navy, thanks to the gracious interest of His Majesty, who handed over several acres of the Royal estate at Osborne for the purpose. The new college is near the road between Fast Cowes and Whippingham, and it is expected that the cadets will go into residence at the college next September. The buildings

THE NEW NAVAL COLLEGE AT OSBORNE. Which were the Royal stables have been metamorphosed into a cadets' dining-room nearly molt. long, with class and lecture rooms, laboratories, and professors' rooms. There is a gymnasium 17oft.' long, completely fitted up with all- the latest and best appliances, and a very large recreation room. The officers quarters are handsome and con- venient. In the anteroom is a representation of the Victory, with the motto beneath which 'Nelson's signal at Trafalgar. Captain E. Wemvss is in command at the college.

THE PONTIPP'S VITAL ORGANS.

One of the strangest of the many ceremonies connected with the interment of a pope is the Preservation of the deceased pontifi's viral organs after the body has been duly embalmed. This was duly done in the case of the late ?ope Leo; and the vital organs were placed in a large crystal vase and sealed in the presence °I an apostolic notary. Then they were con- veyed to a crypt beneath the Vatican Basilica ,nd interred beside those of Pius IX. Previous to 1870 these urns were deposited in the vaults cd the Church of Saints Vincent and Anastasius, being conveyed thither through the public streets with great ceremony but now, of _co. urse, that has.all been changed by political "rontristances. The new Pope, in the mean- tin) e, continues to create a highly. favourable Ampression, and delights all with whom he

_ _____=_ ----;---------------,- --f-Z- -.. tCe? a_ii_A•o:...bA i 44(..-IN _LLii- L'ail*trif..7. mAidjokLp,??.;- ....... r..: -------=....---._ - ,• :az., ------'--- •,- .ve .. .• • /•yft ''..c.:_-.,-;44, 44_____ _.." •_. i p ' ' -117, •-s. oil . ....., -..-.-..----...- vs. , i • cei,aty-, _________ _____,2,,,,, 4. .g• --'--- -------- I-' --.4Miliser-•:,•-u, ---- _,A=Astpu - .r..,. ....--...

ANF.I;Wrc.,.,., ....,1 --c---, ,i,,,,f1:-,est-tp-gl \k,- NN .- ~/ r , ) '• , • 01,1,,y,/,• 7 i •1/ iP4‘.2.,:g.... :.' , '/0/di / / ) ..,--____ ,--- - , .- - . _,-- • ; .--,-- ,5... a. ~ • i / oa, / :-,V,_-*.Yr•// / - -,..,4e y. •.' , , ' hi if /

===== 0002601_19030815_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CRYSTAL VASE

conies into contact by his simplicity and frank- of demeanour. He has already shown 'us dislike most markedly to much of the Vatican; pomp and earthly vanities of the and it is certain that he intends to live unassuming life, to which he has hitherto •a-lvays been accustomed. Pope Pius X. pro- ses essentially to be a spiritual rather than Political pope: yet behind his gentle .and unobtrusive demeanour he hides great strength Qf character . and determination. Amongst Other things he has refused to dine alone, as 's predecessors have always done; and he will ;lit be carried from room to room in the atican in the papal sedan-chair, stating that his .1z own legs are good enough for the purpose )ni personal transit! He has also, in certain •c stances, preferred embracing some of the .....ardcinals to the formal kiss on the papal toe. talhe,:e things show him to be a man of liberal Ind, and his Popularity grows day by day.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LONDON VICTORIA MEMORIAL.

An interesting piece of work has been commenced in London during the summer vacation: this is the splendid memorial to Queen Victoria, which is to stand at the end of the Mall, facing Buckingham Palace;. but it will be many years before it is finally com- pleted, as it will be a very big affair when finished. What is being done first is the levelling of a semi-circular plot of .sikty feet in diameter, and the widening of the end of the Mall. Between twenty and thirty trees have to be removed, and this first step is not trcpected to be completed until November. The centre of this large plot will be occupied Mr. Brooks' enormous statue of the late Queen, which will form the central piece and

FINISHED.,

pivot of the whole '.design., The rest of the scheme will be from-the plans of Mr. Aston Webb, the latest R.A. and well-known archi- tect. It will consist of some five and twenty marble .figures and groups surrounding the principal statue, while the whole semi-circle, which will also contain fountains, footpaths, carriage roads and grass plots, will be enclosed by a balustrade. The inner marble wall will contain flights of steps at the back and front leading up to the monument, and the balus- trade itself will be decorated with .groups of statuary representing • the British colonies. The long delay will be due to the immense amount of sculptor's work involved ; but when complete, the. result will be very fine and imposing—worthy, indeed, of the great and prosperous reign it will mark.

TEE OTER IN TEE MIL

Whatever is the ultimate fate of the motor car. in private life, it is gradually becoming recognised that its utilitarian 'value for tran- sit is very great. For van work and long- distance ro urneys each :month sees it in greater favour; and it looks as though it would be widely used ere long for military purposes. In addition to the. War Office cars And the new Motor Volunteer . Corps, a new automobile .is on trial for Army work, and it promises very Well, as it will not only be handy, but compact and complete. The car, of which we give an illustration, is built to carry a thousand rounds of ammunition, to- gether with four riflemen and four rifles, in addition to their rations for four days and sufficient petrol for a two hundred mile run.

It will also carry two waterproof tents, blan- kets, entrenching - shovels, • and other minor military appliances. It will, in fact, if adopted, be a miniature motor blockhouse! The question of the automobile as a vehicle of pleasure is again the topic of the moment, and Mr. Walter Long's new Motor Bill had a very rough passage through the House of Com- mons. It had to be very considerably altered before it was acceptable to the majority; and great surprise was expressed by the enormous amount of prejudice excited by the subject. Thoughtless and inconsiderate drivers have served to render the motor unpopular to an unfair degree; but it must, on the other hand, be remembered that each year sees it less of a rich man's toy and more- of a public neces- sity, which will owe its development to the purse of the rich, who are ready to pay the fancy prices in the days of infancy of a great Industry.

\, IA • ' i.- . ?... i •'. i, . '''--•••••- --__ p• •1- Cle;i;Vii,-;-,;'',,,,:: eNi ..:-.01-_,-,-- , ,4,.......:- ' 4 / ~.......L. - - --_----i-IT-;---,.1:---..---, ___.--_-.41;:„. Urat-4,,, ___......-..-...-_-_, - - q i a r.'""'",,*, ..,..41. . (If; • ; hi

THE MEMORIAL AS IT WILL APPEAR WHEN

, .1(141 t :::..i' 1.,41,,,1' ~1: : :,..• . ~ ~. ... ' .::.,:!:ti r--,:-..--) ' -.l^4.'i‘i''')l;l.,:,,,,ii.fi''.„ r,,,F'.,-,•prz,,,,,., 't,' ':;, . '.:., 1", .. ..,f''l ;4•l.''''N'V 1— . 4,42.,,• ..,...,..:,:-..fi-,,,..,..;;;,..,:t17,1p,,, iii,,,sliiif./.;,...,,;.i„..,,,,„1:„.... ..,,. 1\ ',\••••F',.-‘ .i.

THE NEW MILITARY MOTOR CAR.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
46,141411.tki!c, ,S S . • -•- = ' 11. _ -.- • -•"'4"- -22 . • . •••••• • -r .• . , . , •

. -

..--y

===== 0002601_19030815_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 15, 1903.

THE WATER COMMITTEE AND ITS BUSINESS. :BRE Amur THE SLACK C9NTRACT.

Mr, C. W. Davenports Account.

interesting Discussioa.

More information regarding the now notorious "slack contract " was forthcoming at the meeting of the Warrington Town Council on Tuesday evening, and the ordinary business of the Water Committee also gave rise to considerable discussion. The committee recom- mended that Alderman Smethurst be appointed a mem- ber in the place of the late Councillor Baird.—At a meeting of the Water Committee,held on the 6th July, a letter was read from Mr. George Mitchell, resigning his position as assistant engineer in consequence of his having obtained a position with the contractor for the Tynemouth storage reservoir. It was resolved that the resignation be accepted,and the request of Mr.Mitehell that he should be relieved from his duties as soon as possible be complied with, so soon as the Chairman is satisfied that adequate arrangements have been made for the work of the department being efficiently carried on; also that at the request of the Fire Engine Com- mittee instructions be given to the reservoir keeper at Appleton to increase the supply of water upon receiving information from the superintendent of a fire within the borough.—Ata meeting held on August sth a report by the water engineer on the supply of slack to the Winwick and Delph-lane pumping stations a summary of which appeared in last Saturday's" Examiner," was re- ceived and ordered to be printed. The following questions were addressed to the Chair- man of the Committee (Alderman Francomb) by Coun- cillor Lord :—At the last meeting of the Town Council you informed the members that from June 16th to the 7th of July the Slate Company had only supplied nine tons 12cwt. of slack. (1). Is it not a fact that the quantity actually supplied amounted to 65 tons Scwt ? (2). Who supplied you with the figures presented to the Council at its last meeting, and what explanation have you to offer thereon? Alderman FRANCOMB, in replying to the first question said he informed the Council that the Company supplied a quarter of a cwt more than was stated in Councillor Lord's question. In regard to the quantity actually supplied he accepted Councillor Lord's figures, viz,. 65 tonsiScwt. As to the second question—who supplied those figures ?—the figures were supplied to him by Mr. Mitehell, who had been left in charge by Mr. Dees. The Town Clerk had written to Mr. Mitchell for an explana- tion, and, perhaps, they would allow him to read Mr. Mitchell's reply received from the post he had recently gone to. That reply was as follows : • (ooP v.) "Font Reservoir, near Ewesley, Northumberland, 27-7-1903. Dear sir,—l am in receipt of yours of the 25th inst., and am a little surprised at your applying to me for information seeing that I was m?rely an onlooker at an interview between Mr. Deas and the Chairman when the statement you refer to was made. As I have not full particulars of the question by me I can only say in reply that. the approximate figure of ten tons referred to the quantity of slack delivered by Messrs. the Warrington Slate Co., at Delph-lane P.S., between June 22nd and July 2nd, the former date being the date of the committee meeting when the question first came before the Water Com- mittee after being raised at the June meeting of the Council. Previous to June 22nd, we had, of course, no instructions from the committee in the matter, but on that date Messrs. R. Evans and Co. were, at the Chairman's instigation, instructed to commence deliver- ing slack at Winwick P.S. On June 24th, Mr. Deas, wrote to Messrs. The Warrington Slate Co., asking them to stop delivering at Winwick P.S., but to continue delivering at Delph-lane P.S. Messrs. The Warrington Slate Co. stopped delivery at Delph-lane on Thursday, 2nd July, and before any more was delivered after the Walking Day holidays, I at the Chairman's instigation, instructed Messrs. The Warrington Slate Co., not to deliver any more slack at Delph-lane P.S. I trust the above explanation will make matters clear. 112 any case, I can assure you that the information supplied by me to the Chairman was given in absolute good faith. I shall be pleased to supply any further information you may desire and am, Yours (signed), GEORGE MITCHELL, J. Lyon Whittle Esquire, Town Clerk, Warrington. Continuing, the ALDERMAN said they had all had Mr Deas' report and he hoped they had all been able to understand it. Mr. Mitchell had certainly mixed up things very much differently from what he (the speaker) understood them to be. On the 16th June he (Alder- man Francomb) answered Councillor Lord's qu9stions to the best of his ability and without the slightest attempt to equivocate. Next morning he went to Mr. Deas' office and told the water engineer that he must at once give the orders to the original oon- tractors.—Messrs. Richard Evans and Company. If there was anything wrong he must report and they would call a special meeting and settle the matter. A week afterwards—on the 23rd— , he WWI at Winwick and saw Mr. Mitchell. He said to Mr. Mitchell, "How is the slack suiting?" and without ' any hesitation Mr. Mitchell replied "Oh, very well indeed, Mr. Chairman." He (the alderman) said 'ls it keeping plenty of steam?" and the reply was "Oh yes. The only complaint I have to make is that it is a little bit fine at times." A week afterwards he saw Councillor Lord's questions and he was at a loss to know whatever they were to put on the agenda for. He at once went to the waterworks and saw Mr. Mitchell again. He (Alderman Francomb) said "Surely you have not got slack from anyone else but Richard Evans and Company?" Mr. Mitchell replied- "Oh, yes, we have. The Slate °company sent to Mr. Deas and said they had a few tons of washed slack and had not customers for it, and he has agreed to take it." He (Alderman Francomb) said "I am exceedingly sorry you have done anything of the sort Without consulting the committee." At the last Council meeting be understood that only a small amount of slack had been supplied by the Slate Company and he thought that under the circumstances there was nothing very wrong about it. He fancied the Council agreed with him. At the interview he asked Mr. Mitchell what quantity the Slate Comp_any had supplied and he said "Oh, a few tons." He asked Mr. Mitchell to let him know what the 'amount was in order that he could give the , information to the Council. Halwas informed that the quantity was 9 tons 12 cwts 1 quarter audit was supplied from June 17th to a day or two before the last meeting of the Council. He naturally thought that was an end of it. At a subsequent meeting of the Water Committee however, when the bills came in he saw that there was a bill from the Slate iCompany for £7l. This at once alarmed him and he wondered whatever it was for. He reckoned the figures up and found that instead of the quantity being 9 tons 12 cwts 1 qr, it was considerably over 50 tons. He at once acquainted the Committee with that information. How the officials mixed up Delph Lane, with Winwick and all those things he could not understand. He distinctly said they must get the whole of their requirements for the Water Committee from Richard Evans and Com- pany, and if the slack did not suit bring the mattes before the Committee and let them know all about it. It was very annoying to him and the Committee. Ho told the Council at the last meeting that his first infor- mation about Messrs. Evans and Company not supply- ing the Water Committee's requirements was when he read Councillor Lord's questions. It was utterly impos- ' sible for either the Chairman or the members of the Committee to know what they were receiving after they had bought goods through the Council When they bought slack, setts, or anything else it was the business of the head official to see that the com- mittee got what they bought, and if there was any- thing wrong to bring it forward. Unless that was done it was antutter impossibility to carry on the work of the Council. He would be very glad to answer any ques- tions and he was exceedingly sorry that "this thing had been bundled and muddled up as it had been.' In , moving the adoption of the minutes Alderman Fran- comb explained that the reason why Alderman Smethurst was proposed as a new member was becausehe was chairman of the Fire Engine Committee ,If anyone ought to be on the Water Committee it was the chairman of the Fire Engine Committee, so that if Ithere was an outbreak of fire he would know where the hydrants were to be found. (Laughter.) That was not an idle statement. When 'Skelton's fire took place there was a terrible lot of trouble to find the hydrants., He almost thought the two committees should be amalganiated as it was necessary that the Fire Engine Committee should know where the hydrants were.

Councillor F. R. ROBERTS asked why, if Alderman Francomb was so exceedinglyanxious that the muddling should be stopped, he did not send word to the Slate Company of the desire of the committee that this thing should not go any further. It seemed to him that if Alderman Francomb had taken the trouble to write a letter to the . Company or in some other way acquaint them with the feeling of the Council and committee the whole thing would have been stopped. People who had done nothing more than comply with orders they had received had been loaded with an amount of odium which he did not think they deserved. To be fair with the company whose name had been dragged through the mire during the con- troversy, if they had been told of tile wish of the Committee he Was perfectly satisfied they would have stopped supplying the slack. They had no wish to dis- pose of goods to the Council except in a fair and busi- nesslike way. lie contended that all members of the committee and the Council were just as anxious for the business to be conducted with propriety as were the Non-Traders and he protested against little slips being made the subject of election cries. Councillor LORD said he understood there had been a disputed account with the contractor (Mr. C. W. Daven- port) in regard to the Delph-lane waterworks. Were not the Council asked to pass an account which the Committee had passed that day against a Standing Order? The "MAYOR

The matter is not before the Connell

===== 0002601_19030815_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
Councillor LORD: I understood it was included in WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. these accounts. The MAYOR: I am told it is not. COUNCiIIOr PEMBERTON : Are not the £2OO lOT tne • The Workhouse Full. engine and boiler house included in these accotutts ? , The TOWN CLERK : The 200 are included but not the £3OO. 1 MORE ACCOMMODATION WANTED.

Councillor PEMBERTON said he would like an explana- A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was tion from the Chairman of the Committee and he would held on Wednesday morning. Mr. A. Brooks presided move that the accounts be paid with the exception of and there were also present :—Mrs. Clay, Rev. Father the £2OO to Mr. Davenport for the construction of the Wilson, Rev. T. R. Matthews,Dr. Murray, Messrs. J. W. engine and boiler house. The contractor had already Knowles (vice-chairman), A. J. Jolley, J. Payton, J. received more than the amount he was entitled to Clarke, T. H. Ashcroft, A. Jolley, J. Backhouse, R. Fora according to the contract. He (Councillor Pemberton) shaw, G. Piling, W. Honghton, J. Turton, J. Robinson had examined the contract and he found that the con- G. Mather, Thomas Ritchie' and J. C. Sutton (clerk) tractor was bound to allow 10 per cent retention money. John F. Awbery (master), A. Wright (superintendent The contractor had however, drawn sums to within five Padgate Schools.) per cent. The engineer told them there was about £2OO THE HOUSE OVERCROWDED. for extras but he could not give any particulars tecause ; At a meeting of the House Committee on July 24th the work was being measured up. He (the speaker) the Master drew attention to the overcrowded state of found that the contract provided that all day work done the House both in the hospital and the female house at ail extra cost should be measured up during the block, theadvisability of doing up the infirm wards to following week.lf that clause had been carried out there render them habitable to meet the inereased accommo- ought not to be the slightest difficulty in ascertaining , dation that will be seriously needed during the winter long ago what the extras were. months. It was resolved that the Master send out At this point there was some interruption and I specia • 1 notices for the base Committee to meet at a Councillor PEMBERTON said the matter was important. later date to consider the whole question. rlt was one of those instances injwhich the Corporation THE ELECTRICAL PLAIT. went wrong simply by being over-ridden by the officials. ! The MASTER reported on July 24th that the Medieal An official's position could be very much abused, al- Officer had that day withdrawn the order prohibiting i though he did not I say it if had been n that case. Such visiting on account of the smallpox case having occurred things, however, ought to be put down at once. They in the House. At a meeting held on the 31st July it would not be tolerated in any private works was resolved that the task of stone breaking for the in the country. The amount of pressure brought habitual able-bodied vagrant be increased to 13 cwts the to bear and the way this thing was being worked through maximum task allowed by the Local Government Board. —or trying to be worked through—was a scandal to the At a meeting on the 7th August the tender of the Corporation. In this case he moved an amendment in Chloride ' Electrical Storage Sydicate for putting the committee, but could not even get a seconder. He whole apparatus in perfect working order, which was could not got any more information than if he had not submitted in May last and which amounted to £263, been a member of the committee.He was astonished at the was also considered, and having regard to the adverse Town Clerk's ruling in this matter. The contract pro- !report of Mr. Grimsdale, it was unanimously resolved, vided that if the contractor left the work or if the on the motion of Mr. A. J. Jolley, seconded by Mr. Corporation took possession of it he was entitled to be Brooks,to recommend to the Board the following resolu- paid up. Would not anybody assume that ' tion. "That the Chloride Electrical Storage Company the contractor gave up the work when he had ;be employed to put the storage batteries and general finished the contract? The Town Clerk, however, 'apparatus in sound working order and to submit to them held that if the Corporation took possession' of any , the suggested alterations and additions outlined by Mr. part of it the contractor was entitled to payment. Such Grimsdale, to acquaint the above firm of these, and to a contention was monstrous and ridiculous. To pass ascertain what additional outlay would this entail the account in question would be to ride over the clause above the £263." with regard to retention money. That afternoon the Mr. PILLING, in moving the confirmation of the Town Clerk read lawyers' letters which had been . minutes, referred to the proposed alterations and addi- received, stating that if the account was not paid the itions to the electri,:al storage batteries, and said it was contractor would take legal proceedings. He (Conn- larnatter which required immediate attention. Hitherto cillor Pemberton) considered that to be so much bluff. 1 they had been working the batteries without meters Not only that, but he considered it was very bad taste attached to them, with the result that damage had been indeed on the part of a man who had done something done to their plates by overekarging them, and at other like £140,000 worth of work for the Corporation and times by taking too much out of the batteries. Their had twice beeniallowed to alter a tender to his own benefit ' men had been working in the dark. It was now pro- to the amount of £l,OOO each time. It was one of the j posed to lay down two meters one for charging and the greatest pieces of bluff that was ever known in that 1 other for discharging. The damaged plates would be Council and he considered it was an insult to the renewed, and the whole apparatus put inthoroughwork- Council. Another thing that astonished him was that ng order. To do this a sum of £3OO was required, the Town Clerk seemed to have taken up the position of The Rev. Father WILSON seconded the adoption of supporting the contractor's contention. Clause 22 of the the minutes. contract stated that if there was any dispute it should Mr. J. %V. KNOWLES : Do I understand this expense be referred to arbitration. Having signed the contract is to do something over again? how in the name of goodness could the contractor Mr. PILLING : Yes. To a certain extent ieis to repair send them a writ? He could threaten to send one and damage done.

might even go so far as to send it but if he didhe would be out of court. The Corporation ought to put their foot down and not allow this thing to be done. Coun- cillor Pemberton was again referring to the Town Clerk's ruling in regard to the Corporation having taken possession of the work when Councillor F. R. ROBERTS rose to a point of order. This was a purely legal question which they were not competent to discuss. They had not got the contract before them. They employed the Town Clerk to direct them in all legal matters, and he submitted they could not go behind the Town Clerk's opinion on questions of law. If Mr Davenport had not performed the contract it was for the Town Clerk to advise them to that effect. If the

Mr.-J. W. KKOWLES : How-long is it since it was done? Mr. PILLING : Something like two years ago. Mr. FORSHAW : I don't think it is our management that is to blame. Mr. PILLING: I don't think so. Mr. Grimsdale in his report to the Guardians stated that if they got the battery repaired and, fixed the testing meters he did not see how the plant would require any expense for years to come. Mr. FORSHAW said some of the plates had been twisted through the cells having been allowed.to get almost empty. Mr. ASHCROFT : Are the men to blame? Mr. PILLING: We cannot blame the men.

Town Clerk advised them that the contractor had com- pleted the work, they had no option but to pay the account. Councillor PEMBERTON Still contended that the work had not been completed. The MAYOR: The Town Clerk has no doubt given his advice to the committee and the committee has nothing to do but to act upon it. In that case it is useless discussing the legal question. We have ' our legal authority who lays down the law for the Council Councillor PEMBERTON said the Council could either accept or reject the Town Clerk's ruling. There was too much of the officials leading the Corporation. After receiving advice from officials the Council could use their own discretion' but many members seemed to think it was wrong to do that. He contended that officials had acted under the " tutation " of cliques in the Council. He asked the Council to support the amendment, because the principle proposed to be laid down was a bare one. Councillor F. R. ROBERTS said there was no dispute. The Town Clerk advised them that the contract had been completed. Councillor JAMES EVANS pointed out that on the Water Committee summons it was stated that the busi- ness was " to consider letters from Mr. Davenport re engineer's certificate for £2OO on account.'. It seemed to him that that implied that the work was not com- pleted, and that there were other accounts to follow. He seconded the amendment if it was only for the pur- pose of getting further information. Alderman BOLTON pointed outtliat the original certfi- cate was for the payment of £3OO but the committee considered that that was driving xery near the total of the contract. It was on his proposition that the certifi- cate was altered to £2OO and the committee had a margin in case of anything going wrong. He understood that the agreement NNW drawn up in accordance with the rules of some association and that if the Council took possession of any part of the works the contractor was entitled to payment.. The Town Clerk had acted wisely in refusing to fight any association's idea of what was right and wrong. The Council ought not to be made the scape goats to fight an action simply on a ruling with regard to a clause of a contract. It was better to pay the account at once than to incur the cost of an action. When a man had an account for extras he was entitled to payment immediately. The TOWN I.ERK said the form of contract was drawn up by the Master Builders' Association and the Associa- tion of Architects of England. It was adopted through- out the country and members of the Builders' Associa- tion could not sign any other. He was prepared to advise the Corporation to use it in all cases. The con- tract required the retention of 10 per cent. but this was reduced to 5 per cent. The contract also provided that the contractor should be entitled to receive payment of all moneys within three months of the completion of the work or from the date of the Corporation taking possession. The Corporation had had possession since August of last year. Further discussion ensued, Alderman Smethurst re- marking that he supposed Councillor Pemberton was fond of receiving writs. Councillor P.EMBERTON

The minutes were then confirmed. THE NEW MASTER'S CLERK. Mr. Healey having resigned the position of Master's Clerk, it was resolved that Mr. Alfred Turpin, aged 22, who was recommended by the Master, be offered the appointment at a salary of £3O per annum (being a , reduction of £lO from present salary) with the usual emoluments. AN APPOINTMENT AND A RESIGNATION. Miss BEATRICE DURNING, was appointed laundress at an annual salary of £3O with the usual emoluments. A letter wag read from the officers' cook resigning her position. The resignation was accepted. THE • EXTENSION OF THE CASUAL WARDS. The CLERK produced the contract for the extension of casual wards, signed by Mr. Joseph Dolan. The seal of the Board wasorderedto be affixed thereto. The amount of the contract is £550. THE NEW COUNTY RATE. The CLERK stated that he had not yet received the County rate call but he gathered from a report of the meeting last week that exclusive of the question of the Education Act and its onerations, the ordinary expendi- ture of the county had increased. This was not a very gratifying feature, especially when they considered that the ratable arop, was decreasing whilst the expenditure was increasing. He noticed that it was decided at the meeting to grant the chief officers £3OO each in respect of extra services. The Clerk was to receive £2,303 instead of £2,000; the county treasurer £1,300 instead of £l,OOO and the county auditor also got £3OO extra. The assessable value of the county had dropped from £9,110,856 in 1902 to £8,999,820 this year or a decrease of £111,036. The Chairman pointed out that notwith- standing the reduced assessable value there was a material increase in ordinary expenditure. That meant the old story that the county rate would be increased. Mr. J. W. KNOWLES : Everything points to it going up. , • The CLERK said it was necessary that the county rate notices should be signed that day, leaving himto fill in the amount when he heard what the rate was to be. This course was adopted. The Board then rose. WARRINGTON POLYGLOT SOCIETY.

01 Frid ty evening last the Warrington Polyglot Society met at Sto -*toe He Ith and proceeded by cycle to Arley Hill, tvdere arrangentente had been made for their viewing the gardens. Some fourteen members started at 8.45 and an unfortunate fifteenth followed about an hour later. Weather and roads Were ideal, and the fourteen arrived quickly at their destination. After a short delay in storing machines, they proceeded through th 3 grounds under the genial guidance of Mr. Smith. It VIM noticed that the members expressed their appreciation of the triumphs of horticultural skill that crowded ape!' the n, entirely in the English language, and it is understood that some prophetic instinct prompted them to reserve their powers in other tongues for later use. The grassy surfaces, to the eye and foot alike, smooth and perfect as a billiard table; the beautifully kept hedges; the rose garden and the delightful her'oaceaus borders are sufficient to exhaust the vocabulary of any one language, and it was with a feeling of powerlessness to express further admiration that the party was led through the older buildings which saw the first Btuart ascend the Nttglish throne, and so in the gathering gloom of twilight, with the rising moon glancing fitfully through fanta4tic do ud-shapes, they were delivered, happy and unsuspecting into the jaws of the Arley maze. The hedges here had been long un- clipped, and frequently the path seethed blocked with foliage, which however yielded to pressure and closed again behind the onward moving figures. The more ardent and enthusiastic spirits speedily forged ahead, and with their onward progress, confidence . grew; from a dignified walk they broke into a run, only to be broaght to a dead stop by an impenetrable barrier of greenery. Again and again they tried'; again and again they failed and it was here the variety of tongues found vent. The English language was exhausted. In vain rushing to and fro the members of the Society grew equally worn out, and French and German are apt media for expres- sive use of language under such circumstances. It was at this Stage the puzzled wanderers were collected by the amused master of ceremonies, f!andleach hanging on to the tail of his predecessors attire, the whole company was led at the trot round sudden centre-of-gravity- upsetting corners, and battered by springing branches the goal was reached, and a well-earned rest enjoyed. This was too soon broken by a supposed villainous attempt Of the guideto slip out unobserved, and again the wild rush commenced; again the fierce battering by branches pashed aside and suddealy released by the one before. The entrance was safely reached however, with slightcasualtiea, chiefly in the form of damaged hats, and in spite of the arduous labours of the maze it was decided to ride home via Arley Mill and High Legh. Only those who know the road to the mill can realize the mild excitement of a ride along a pretty road in semi-darkness, the lamp's uncertain light scarcely sufficing to show the little traps awaiting the unwary. Here a deeper rut engulfs a wheel and a Wild swoop. to escape a fall nearly lands one rider ma fieldof oats. Further on a couple of gates call foran undxpected dismount, and at the awkward descent and sharp turn at the mill pond, we posb a sentinel to safeguard rash riders against an impromptu bath. But it was worth the trouble and risk. Those who have only Seen the mill-pond in broad daylight know only half its beaeties. in the light of the now clear-sailing moon, the scene was a fairyland, and re- gretfully it was left behind as in a long and straggling line the homeward run through High Legh• was com- menced. Many were the enquiries made after the ex- pected fifteenth rider who never reached the company. His history is sad and can be briefly indicated. ht harm- less looking hairpin, carelessly dropped by some fair deity—perhaps one of our own party—penetrated his tyre soon after he left the, Appleton cross-road. OR in- vestigation he found he lacked a necessary part of his repair outfit, and his comments were all in the German language. At least, the Appleton natives say they never heard such language ! It is recommended that all intel- ligent cyclists consider the advisability of attaching themselves to the Polyglot Society. Should some en- quiring Member of any of our learnedsocieties, in pur- suit of folk-lore, hear some new legend of a ghostly wanderer who at midnight 'hour with flickering light and occasional metallic clank wends his way through lonely Stretton,muttering wildly unintelligible gutturals he will do wisely to apply to the Polyglot Society for fuller information before publishing his tale of mystery. It was long after midnight when the fifteenth member reached his longed-for couch that night.

They don't frighten me.

Alderman SMETHURST : I don't want to-have them. On the vote being taken the amendment was lost,only Councillors James Evans, Barton, Dodds, Horrocks, Lord, Pemberton and Thornton voting for it. In reply to Councillor F. R. Roberts, Alderman FRANCOMB said he did not blame the Slate Company in the least, neither did any member of the committee. The company simply did as other tradesmen would have done. They received an order and supplied the goods. He knew nothing whatever about the 65 tons until he saw the bill the other day. He naturally thought that tke figures Mr. Mitchell gtve him were correct, so he had no opportunity of communicating with the Slate Company. If he had known that they were supplying 65 tons he should have communicated with them. Con- tinuing the Alderman said he was informed that Mr. Davenport's contrast *as completed and the work was simply being measured up. Councillor PEMBERTON said he had no intention of blaming the Slate Company ot Alderman Francomb. He thought the blame rested with the management of the water department. The minutes were then confirmed. The consideration of a motion by Councillor Pember- ton "that a committee be appointed to investigate the last three Slack Contracts for Winwick and Delph-lane waterworks," was adjourned until the next meeting.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
SAVED HER LIFE,

Mrs. Jane Rogers, oi: Horse Bridge, llinsterley, Salop, tells a thrilling story of her narrow ese.ape from death : -

I "1 had Dropsy" says Mrs. Rogers, "and my body I and limbs used to swell up to,such a size that the pain was almost unbearable. At times the lower parts would e be filled with 'water and the skin, on my legs would shine like glass. My feet were without feeling and oold as stones.

"I tried many medicines but only got worse, so I gave up trying and made up my mind that there was ; no chance of my ever getting cared. "One day ,I read in a paper of a medicine called , Dodd's Kidney Pills and decided to make one more trial for a cure, and this time, I am thankful to say, I was , not disappointed, for those pills have completely cured me.

"Shortly after I commenced taking them I noticed the water seemed to be gradually disappearing, so I persevered till I' was rewarded by a complete restora- tion to good health. ,

"I consider that', Dodd's Kidney Pills have sai-ed my life and I am glad of the opportunity of tellng my •, friends and everyone what this remedy has done for me.

CROSPIEL.DC v.ILITIELSRLAND.-At Warrington. Dixon land Warren opened the home team's innings to Sefton • and Battles. With but a dozen runs showing the initial batsmen were got out. Dutton with 9 runs and then ' Ford with 17 were the chief contributions the innings closing for 62 runs. Litherland's opened in promising style, but were eventually dismissed for 30 runs, the ' Liverpudlians thus being defeated by 62 to 30.

At Bangor on Tuesday the Rev. .1. E. Williams, until recently the curate of St. Cross Church, near Bangor ' was ordered to pay 4s. weekly in support of the illegiti- mate child of A. C. Ellis, a young girl.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL

Sockto:i Heath's Representation.

MOPE Parish Councillors.

A meeting of the Runcorn Rural District Council was held in the Board Room at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday morning. Mr. S. Woodward, J.P., presided,and there were also present :—Messrs. G. Pilling (vice- chairman), J. Mclntyre, T. Darlington, P. Gleave, Admiral Jones-Parry, T. Baxter, C. E. Linaker, T. Wright, J. B. Chadwick, J. Moseley Williams, E. Clarke, J. Edwards, J. Spruce, A. Greenway; with G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. Rough (assistant clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer of health), W. Farrington (inspector), andJ. Swinton (surveyor).

HELSBY SEWAGE 'ivOitxs. In reply to Mr. Linaker, the Clerk stated that the total cost of the Helsby sewage works which had been sanctioned to date, including compensation for way leaves, was £1.0,600.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH'S REPRESENTATION.

The Clerk read the minutes Of the last meeting of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee when it was re- solved :—"That the District Council be asked to kindly reconsider their decision respecting an additional dis- trict councillor for Stockton Heath, and that a sub- committee be formed by the District Council, together with Mr. C. NV. Davenport, Mr. J. Modnfield and the overseers for Stockton Heath, to investigate fully the necessity for an additional representative on the District Council, and report to a, future meeting of the District Council."

The Chairman said a question of standing orders was affected by the reconsideration of the representation of Stockton Heath. Within a period of six months the Council had come to a decision on the matter and before they could adopt the proposal contained in the minutes another motion would be necessary.

On the motion of Mr. Pilling, -sec—onjciecl by Mr. Mclntyre, it was decided to re-open the question. Mr. Pilling moved that the old Committee—Messrs.. Woodward, Knowles, Stokes, Darlington, and Pilling— together with the gentlemen recommended by the Parochial Committee, be appointed to reconsider the question. He remarked that he thought the P arochial Committee meant either to have a Council for Stockton Heath or an additional representative. The resolution was agre3d to. NEW STREETS AT STOCKTON HEATH. On the motion of Mr. Pilling, the Council decided to level, pave, metal and make good Dundonald Avenue and so much of Kimberley drive as extends from Walton road to Dundonald Avenue, Stockton Heath, under the Private Street Works Act. It was further resolved that the specifications, plans, sections &c, prepared and sub- mitted by the surveyor be approved, that the expenses be payable by equal annual instalments extending over a period of ten years with interest at the rate of £4 per cent per annum, and that application be made to the Local Governmeat Board for sanction to a loan for the required amount.

HONORARIUM FOR THE MEDICAL OFFICER. Mr. Moseley Williams reported that at a committee meeting held that morning it was unanimously agreed that an horora,rium of 100 guineas be granted to the Medical Officer for extra services rendered during the recent small-pox epidemic which lasted twenty-three weeks. He moved that this course be adopted. In reply to Mr. Linaker the Chairman said there were eleven cases of smallpox la the hospital during the epidemic and Dr. Adams had to visit the patients. lie pointed out that the ordinary duties of Medical Officer were simply connected with the carrying out of the Public Health Act and had nothing whatever to do with medical attendance on patients. During the time he visited the hospital, Dr. Adams had to employ an assis- tant to attend to his private practice. After some discussion the resolution was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE THELWALL NUISANCE.

Admiral Jones-Parry and tin Medical

Officer.

VOTE OF CENSURE PROPOSED BUT NT

SECON BED.

The much-discussed Thelwall • nuisance once more occupied the attention ot the membets of the Runcorn Rural District Council at the monthly meeting of that authority held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, under the presidency of Mr. Woodward. At the request of Admiral Jones-Parry, the Clerk read the minutes of the Council containing instructions upon which the Medical (nicer of Health (Dr. Adams) acted when he engaged Professor Delepine to make investigations as to the causes of the nuisance.

By the resolution in question, it appeared, Dr. Adams was instructed "to confer with the County Medical Officer of Health with a view to further investigating the alleged nuisance at Thelwall," and it was further resolved" that he be authorised to obtain such assist- anceand incur such expenses as he may deem necessary." Admiral Jones-Parry contended that the intention of the Council when they passed the resolution was that the assistance should be given by the of-1i cials and mem- bers of the Council, and more especially by himself as the Councillor for the immediate neighbourhood. That Dr. Adams should order Professor Delepine to come down and make a report on the matter was quite beyond the intention of the Council. In his opinion the reso- lution could not possibly justify such steps being taken. At every Council meeting they were informed that they were likely to have a report from the County Council, and Dr. Adams, in sitting quietly in the room and not, giving any information at all publicly that he had in- structed Professor Delepiue to report on the matter,was going far beyond his duty and acting with very great discourtesy to the Council. Had he known that Dr. Adams was going to engage Professor Delepine he should have raised his voice against it. The Chaiiman : Are you going to move a vote of censure on Dr. Adams?

Admiral Jones-Parry proceeded to contradict Professor Delepine's opinion that the nuisance was not a danger to health and concluded by moving a vote of censure on Dr. Adams for having withheld from the Council the instruction he gave to Professor De'opine. The resolution was not seconded and consequently fell to the ground, the Chairmin remarking that Dr. Adams stood before the Council perfectly free from any charge of injustice. Mr. Linaker said Admiral Jones-Parry was perfectly right in stating that no one understood that Dr. Adams would go so far as he did. ___ , .

The 'Clerk said that in zegard to the question of Dr. Adams having taken upon himself to engage Professor Delepine, if there was any blame at all he 'was afraid he (the clerk) would have to take it. When the resolution was passed he sent a copy to Dr. Adams with telephoned to him to ask whether the resolution went so far as to authorise him to engage any assistance he should deem necessary for the purpose of carrying out the resolution. He (Mr. Ashton) told the Medical Olicer that he con- sidered the resolution fully authorised him to engage any parson he considered necessary to make investiga- tion as he thought fit. If there Wil, 3 a question of any person exceeding his duty he was afraid he (Mr. Ashton) would have to take the blame. Mr. Pilling: I should move a vote of censure on the Clerk. (Laughter.) Mr. Linaker said he was not prepared to go so far as to support a vote of censure. He could quite see that there-might have been a misunderstanding. If Admiral Jones-Parry would put the resolution in a milder form he would second it.

Dr. Adams explained at he did not send written it; structions to Professor Delepine.When the Council passed the resolution they had received Dr. Penny's report. Professor Delepine had the whole of the materials be- fore him and his instructions were to report on the right or wrong of the allegations that the tannery was the source of the disease, and on the prevalence, of diphtheria._

i Admiral Jones-Parry said that he as therepresentative of the district might have been informed of the matter, and he would have offered himself as a witness and brought forward plenty of evidence that the Professor did not'seem to have:had trefore him.The!whole thing was done in a very underhand way. The matter then dropped. At a later stage of the proceedings it was reported that the Finance Committee had authorised the ray- merit of Professor Delepine's account of 105 guiueas and an account of £10: for printing the report.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
NOT DRUNK.

1 One of he most dist.ressing and common symptoms of that insidious and prevalent, complaint indigestion, .is giddiness. It attacks alike, armemic • girls, pale from : want of sufficient healthy blood and strong, robust persons, who eat more than they really need, and are too full-blooded. Often the sufferer reels and staggers like a drunken man, altogether unable to control his move- ments. The only cure is to get the stomach and liver . again in order, and this can be surely accomplished by ' the use of Mother Seigel's Syrup, a natural tonic, made of fruits, roots and herbs, that has cured more dyspep- tics than any other medicine yet discovered. Food in useless unless digested. Mother Seigel's Syrup makes foodnourish you. It thus enriches the blood,strengthens the body, and invigorates the mind.

The Paris " Gaulois "announce that M. %Jules Verne, the celebrated author, has become almost blind, and that' an operation for cataract is necessary. This, however, M.. Verne will not hear of, saying that at his age, which is seventy-five, a surgical operation is dangerous.

PRIMITIVE METHODIS T CHURCH, RUNCORN. Anniversary -services were held at the 'Primitive Methodist dhurch, Greenwa,y-road ou Sunday. The preacher morning and evening was the Rev. H. S. Targett. The services were well attended and. the amount of the collections was in advance of last year.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
SCALP HUMOURS

Hain& Scaly and Crested With Loss of Hair

Speedily Cured by Cuticura Soap and Ointment

When Every Other Remedy and Physicians Fail.

Warm shampoos with Cuticura Soap and light dressings of Cuticura, the great skin cure, at once stop falling hair, remove crusts, scales and dandruff, soothe irritated, itching surfaces, des- troy hair parasites, stimulate the hair follicles, loosen the scalp skin, supply the roots with energy and nourish- ment, and make the hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy scalp when all else fails.

Millions of the world's best people use Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuticura Ointment, the great skin cure, for pre- serving, purifying and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whiten- ing and soothing red, rough and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings and chafings, for annoying irritations and inflammations, or too free or offensive perspiration for ulcerative weaknesses and many antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, as well as for all the purposes of the toilet, bath and nursery. Cati- cura Soap combines in one soap at one price the best skin and complexion soap and the best toilet, bath and baby soap in the world. Complete treatment for every hu- mour, consisting of Cuticura Soap, to cleanse the skin, Cuticura Ointment, to heal the skin, and Cuticura Pills, to cool the blood, may now be had for 4s. 9d. A single set is often suffi- cient to cure the most torturing, disfig- uring, itching, burning and scaly hu- mours, eczemas, rashes and irritations, from infancy to age, when all else fails. MERRYWEATHER ON ---- WATER SUPPLY

===== 0002601_19030815_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY I'IANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS:

. MERRIVEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU

A BAB LEG

, With Wounds that discharge or otherwise. pera.rl surrounded with inflammation and swollen.that whKt you press your finger on the inflamed part it leaves the impression? If sA under the skin you have poison that defies all tho remedies you have tried, which, if not extracted, you never can recover, but go on suffering till death releases you. Perhaps your knees are st‘ ellen, the joints being ulcerated, the same with the ankles, round which the skin may be dis- coloured, o.f there may be wounds: the disease, if allowed to continue, will deprive you of the power to %var.:. You may have attended various hospitals anC had nmdical advice kid been told your case is hopeless or advised to submit to amputation; but do not; for tan cure you. I±ton't say perhaps. but I will. Because

, others have fabled. It is no reason I anould. Senn at. once a Postal Order for 2s. l;cl. to R. W.,...ALBRRT_ z 73;

Parringdon.street. Lono;ii;a-nryo—ti wiiireceiveaboi of Orasshopper Ointthent and Pills, which is acertairs. remedy for the cure of Bad Legs, Housemaid's Ene%. Ulcerated Joints, Carbuncles, Poisoned ilauds. andl Bunions. tßegistered C oprright. AFAMILY'S WASHING is now done quicker better, and cheaper by using BRADFORD'S IM PROVED VOWEL' WASHING MACHINE, than by any other way. See Catalogue of our

NEW 'VOWEL X LS'

Combined Washing, Wringing, and IV' Aling Machine.

Price £4 155. od. Cash Discount. Carriage Paid. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-142, High Holborn. London; Victoria Avenue, Manchester; 130, Bold Str,tet, Liverpool; and Salford.

A Delicacy_ Ready.

MITC

ELL'S

BONELESS ressed COOKED

acon

TAME. direct carriage

- - B. Victoria Street. Liverpool.

:Y'S STARCH

Registered No. 40.376.

NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW

greatest boon uver offered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish tostarched Linen.Laces.ete It does not stick to pid er-w eb-11 k e matlrials. Soil everywhere in Packets at Id.. 3d.. and 6d.. each.

p - I B DAINTY, TIMPTING, and READY TOR From all Grocers, or a sample, )4 lbs.) paid for 3s. ed. Postal Or MITCHEL* 0

===== 0002601_19030815_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPARED ONLY BY

T. CRITeRLEY, Chemist. BLACKBURN.

7,iWhiter 'PP crew,. ',onion. H.. 7.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
ES!-INC

.E SS, H EAT, hi, and

Bottles.. 6 ci (post fre,B . , (.9, and 2/G eacitJ M. BEET HAY; Ec SON, Cheltenham.

' -':''', ,',, , ..,,,7.!•• , -y . ii,- .MAK E S T I-1 SK; NA ~. as sorzT 3 3 e 5 e 4.... 101\ ' e A ...• 4.) 1 7 V E . Ac iffil.,;oo, , , eV %,,,., jec0:1254 ROk.,GriNF' R ED N ES'S , I C.:O.' IRRITP.TION,TA, KEEPS THE SI<IN SOFT, SMOOTH, ana Vv%-n-i ALL Tl4l.:':Eb-2,St FiDUND. OA chtfull9 COO Li N*C i darinci t.tc, summer 77-411,11

===== 0002601_19030815_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 ~

r •

===== 0002601_19030815_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
• 4?

.

;`i

4 ; ,

;'

'

• I -t

, ' ,

:LH! /Cti

, , .

• • . •

•

===== 0002601_19030815_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
EL)! " e;anuner ;vents

TIE " WARRINGTON AND MID-CHRSEIRR EXAMINER." published every tiaturdL— morning.

..T" EAMLESTOWN AND NRWTON EX A M/NRR, published every Friday afternoon.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
T" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER," Published every Friday afternoon.

T" " RUNCORN ExamiNEß,". published every Friday afternoon. T" " WIDNES ExAmn 'Est," published every Friday afternoon.

P 04 p toADVER VISI3II. PI NT ARTMF.NTS WANTED HOUSES WAN 7 ED PARTM ENTB TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD MISCELLINEotTB WANTS XILSCt.LjEfIJS SALES Three Six Weeks. Weeks. is. 3d. ... 2s. Oct. ... Is 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 38. Id. ... ss. Od. ... 3s. 84. ... 6s. Ocl.

RTICLES LOST TL:',L RN F 1 UNE.

One

Words. Week. 18 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_19030815_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Domegtir Rperbants. etc

W ANTED COOK GENERAL for Country Hotel.--Apply Mi. ASCROFT, Eufford, Orrnekirk.

VITANTED, at once, .experienced KITCHEN:WALD.— " Apply CRomcitsw 8 HOTEL, Burnley.

_ WANTED good SERVANT used to children. good refer- ence.—Anply 31 MONTAGUE STREET, Blackburn.

‘VANTBD, good Country saiMilitA.L. trustworthy ; good WARM—MRS. GORTON. Paddington, Warring tnn. AATANTED HOUSBMAID-WAITLIBSS, able to wash and • T iron; small family.--s Miss NEweitoLmE.Hellifleld.Leeds.

WANTED good GENERAL • comfortable borne; refer- ences required.—VVrite Sirs CARTER, West Bank,Bury road, Rocbdale.

WANTED Respectable GENBRAL for business house. No washing, Age 18 to 20. References.—Appy PA I TEN 14, Castle-street Stockport.

WANTED, COOK and HOUSHMAID for one place; Country ; good wages —Mrs. Smtm,Central Registry, Walton's Parade, Preston -- W

ANTED. GENERAL SIIRVANr, capable; small family; good wages.—Mrs. BOULLEN. Carliol, liar- borough road, Brooklands. Manchester.

WANTED, respectable SBRVANTS for Hotels, Restaur ants. Company Houses, Shops, etc.--Apply Mrs. FURNESS, Adelaide place. Blackpool.

WANTED, COOK-GENE/CAL and Young Housemaid, no children ; Nurse-Housemaids, Generals.—BoTTom- LEY'S Registry, Morley street, Bradford. --------

WANTED, AP GUST 24TR. in Boarding School. a HOUSEMAID arid a HOUhEMAID WAITHEiS ; references—Mas. SARBON, High School, Blackpool. A LL CLASSEh OF SERVANTS ready from country or town,public and private.—Call or write Miss HARRISON'S (only office), 6 Oldham street. Manchester, Estab 1862.

WAN.LVD respectable GIEL as General ; state age,wages; must have good personal references.—Armly Miss FEARFNSIDE. 4. Penrhyn terrace. Old Trafford, Manchester.

L'XPERIENCED di ale and Female NURSES at a _LI moment's notice for all cases.--Apply NunsEs 'Nauru- Tim 70, Hope-street. Liverpool. Telephone 570. Telegraphic Address" Nurses."

ANTED. a respectable YOUNG WOMAN as HOUSE— . . MAID for family 01 four ; age 17 to 2) ; must have good personal reference.—Address Mrs. GREGoRY, Northfield, Aughton. Ormskirk.

CiOOKS WANTRD £2O to £24. kiousemaid Waitresses £lB N.-.) to £22, Generals £lB to £2O, Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office.—Write to HARThiaon's, 6 Oldham street, Manchester.

CIOACHMAN or COACHMAN-CIARDEINfiIIt. Wants Situa- tion ; experienced steady and reliable gool refer- ences ; agel3o ; married, one child.—Address COACHMAN, 71, Banks lane, Stockport.

--------- WANTED, thorough GENERAL, about 24; plain cook- ing, little washing; young Couple; no children ; 'ages £l6 to £lB ; good references necessary.—Mrs. WALMEILEY, West Bank Avenue. Lytham-

A LL CLASSES OF dITUA.TIONS. private and public .411 good homes. excellent wages; places in town, country and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY. 6 Oldham street, Manchest*r.

wA.I:4TED FORTY GOOD tHIRVANTS for Hotels, Board- ing and private Houses for Blackpool and district, good wages; enclose stamp.—Mrs. PREST"N'S REGISTRY, 44, Charles street. Blackpool. Telephone 0337.

GENERAL, WANTBD, Young Perim, strong and tall; does not matter so much about experience if willing to learn ; housework and Cooking; two other maids kept. —Address RABY HALL, Bromborough. Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
'Jra anteb.

_ A GENTS WANTED everywhere.—Write, enclosing .."1. stamp, HULL. Biding House. Eastbourne.

'ANTED, Foreign Starnoe. Good price :paid.—Send them to PEAKINs. 12.?.. London Wall. London.

A GENTS WANTED to take up a right good and genuine agency.—Write LUNEBDALE,4S Ullswater rd, Lancaster

WANTED HOMIIS for Guests. Students, Invalids Cbildren ; Apartments, Honses.—TURNEIVS, 168 Pileadilly, London.

VITANTUD, Old China, Silver. Furniture, Engravings. Sporting Pictures, Books. Good prices given.—Dr. SHEPHERD, Stamford.

iFFICE BOY WANTED about 15.—Apply between 11.30 r and 1.30 Monday morning, CORPORATION STREAT CHAMBERS, Warrington.

H• IAIRDRHSSHR.—WANTED a YOUTH, good Shaver, to learn Boardwork. and other branches of the business. Apply, Box 33, Bxaminer Mice, Warrington.

DEARL COLLECTOR WANTED. 21 salary and commis sion.--apply B. Cant, Superintendent, 3, Horsernarket street Chambers, Warrington.

DAIRY of well cooled MILK WANTED, twelve to fifteen doz.n daily : farmers' or bankers' references.—BAßNEs 33R0e.. 300, Ordsall-lane. Salford.

BLUE HUNGARIAN BANDS for garden parties. ac.— HOWARD AYIisTEY, 49 Perham road, Kensington. W Telegrams, •• Aynstey, London."

PERSON (respectable) Wants Housekeeping to plain, homely. working MER.—AOply, HOUSEKEEPER," 2, Springfield road,!St. Annes-on-the-Sea.

--- W ANTRD, ASSISTANT MISTRHSS, Art 50, for Mixed School, Standard 111, Sept( mber 7th ; salary £so. VICAR, Higher Walton, near Preston..

ILK.—WANTBD. a DAIRY. about 30 gallons per day. INJL m ust be relrigerated.prornnt payments.—J. WAR BRicK, 8. Bean street. Cazneau street, Liverpool.

--- QHORTHAND AND TYPRWHITING OFFICH . kJ VACANCY occurs for PUPIL.—Apply MANAGEREst9, B. Podmore & Co , Bewsev Chambers, Warrington.

ANV ASSHRS WANTRD. as Purchasing Agents, for a k.../ novelty in ane w patent Ftylo Pen. Advantageous terms given.--A. DOULL, 11 Rosemount road, N.C.R., Dublin

WANTED SPARE or full time REPRESENTATIVES for all towns. Quick promotion after proved ability. (Not Insurance).-Address A GEstcy."Exarniner" Office,Wariington.

110 MR WORK by the quickest and latest improved. Harrison Knitting Ilachines. Highest wages earned. Lists free. HARsisolv KNITTING MACHINE C0..LTD.,48, Upper Brook-street, Manchester.

A GENTS WANTED FOR PARKINSON'S PHOTO- GRAPHT`2 SPECIALITIES. Full or spare time. Male or femals.—Apply PARKINSON, Photographer, Queen's Gardens, Warrington.

AGRNTS (Ladies or Gentlemen) WANTRD in every town to take Orders for Po, trait Color:trine. Liberal com- rnission.—Address The COLOUR PHOTOGRAPH Co., 17 Eden Grove, Holloway road, London.

PRRSONS OF BITHICR SEX REQUIRBD for a simple process of tinting prints, postcards, at home; easily P cquired, good pr Ices.—Particulars addressed envelope, AR t' Co., 6 Great JamEs's street, London, W.C.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
ego, poriltrp, etc.

}1,1744pT,R Anntainin, rhinken. Butt Pr. Rgge. and VPge- flblPg. 59 : hloorn, 1,6 d ;aU carriage LA l'enclC Te,wick Rectory,pPterefield

PURR FIT ATRAL.—PIain. 109 per cwt.; with meal 129 fid • fine ehiecen meal 12i fid. put on rail ; emit with nrier.- RUING and Co., Biscuit Factory, 15, Strand- street, Liveroool•

QPA NG LTC D Orni n etoris Huff and Bick Orningtons, k. 7 Minorca. Andalngians, Leehorns, Rocks, Campines and Wyanclottes, 3. doz —W. Ma.Yoa,Borough Hill Poultry Farm, Daventry,

WILCOX'i POULTRY CPICR proinces more eggs.keeps fowls healthy. prevents gapes and eramc in chiekens: tins 64 and is post free 8,-1 and 1. 3,1. Try Wilcox's snecial Game and Peultry Meals 18s and 15s per cwt. Wholesale Agents Wanted.—A. & F. WILCOX, Sandyford, Stone,Staffordshire.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
HARCOIJRT'S

PENNYROYAL, STEEL AND TANSEY PILLS, Tim BEST REMEDY FOR ALL FEMALE ComPlazarre. BOIES 1/11, 2/9, 4/6, Pon MX 25, OXFORD,GARDHNS, KEINSINGTON, W.

SOUTLIPORT.—APA.RTNIIMV3 with or without bltrcl cyclists accorn,—Nl:s MYNEKTMR, 13,131 th st,near Prom

RHYL.—Aparcments (with or wiLti)ut Exhird), UJre minutes from sea ; moderate terms.—Axtos.9, Bndfor it.

1,4 ORHCAMBH, vir H.—Comfortable A.PktrrAliniTS;nath.' 151 piano;terms mocl.—Miss SnanPLEs,los,Chatsworth rd

J3LACKPOOL.—Mrs BROOK. 10 Rydal terrace' Central road. Bed, cooking and attendance, is per day each person. Near Central Station.

CIARRIAGES.-103 new and second-hand, of every dis- k.) cription, at lowest priees.—GßLlVT. carriage builder, 259, Oxford road, near Owens College, Manchester. Established 1870.

HARNESS AND STABLE UTENSIL PRO- VingßS, CONTRACTOR TO THE LIVERPOOL CORPORATION FOR CART HARNESS. GET OUR PRWItc, SPECIALITIES :—P TENT PNEUMATIC COLLARS, UNBREAKABLE BACKBANIK High Class Harness, Large sRuNoTioN. J. PRY AND Co,. 124 DALR-STIORT, LIVRRPOOL, WHOLESALE SADDLERS. Fawn 0157.

AQUICK ROI.D TO HBALTH.—Proteseor ALDERTON, 29, Talbot road, Bournemouth.

WASHING SECHST, nArticulars stamped envelope. M. 48, TROY STREET, Blackburn.

1 A.RDBN ABS on Pedestals, bargains, Z.T.V, —75, 1.. T PEARL ROAD, WaltDaMitOW.

SINIOK K US, Look, five selected mounted Briar Pipes. post, free 29; thousands sold.— H. BournitTori. Thetford.

I- RATHER and MOROCCO RESTORBR, any colour Free. LA is 2d•—WEssrEß, Hyde House, Willesden, N.W.

riIIMES COMPETITION.—Heferences Is each. qaestion, 1 10, 3s ; 2), es.- Z.. 35, Gerrard street, London, N.

MRS !,TYRRS !I 7e 3d ! ! ! Guaranteed 13 months.for all IL rims. By return.—lrnEzmAN, Paddington, Liverpool.

TiUTCHRS, catteries, bantam. pigeon houses.—LlTHsx, Royal Manufacturer. Bridlington. Designs post free.

VOUNTAIN PENS. Real Vulcanite le 6d. better quality 14ct gold nib 25 9d ; complete with filler poet tree.— P. CLesE, 2 Ward road, London, N.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

ANFORD'S POISON for Killinz Res angwers kJ well. " After one dresslnv I found l 3 dead next morn- ing."—J. Bus., Halethorpe, Leighton. " I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."—O. Coox. Farmer. lilliesmere. " I destroyed 145 rats with It."—O. Wtmow. Offord.—Send is 2d to SANFORD & SONS, Sandy 5t,130.. old by Chemists.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 15, 1903.

even against iron from Germany, would ultimately produce that result. But if the direct proposal to tax food imports were abandoned what would be the position of a Conservative member who has defined his views with no more precision than- this? Would he consider himself at liberty to sup- port a proposal for the taxation of manufactured goods.? Nobody knows and nobody seems to take the trouble to inquire, for the confusion which reigns on the Unionist Benches in the House of Commons is repeated by the Unionist voters in the constituencies. What is to become of a Free Trade Unionist member or candidate in view of Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S policy, whatever that may turn out to be? Is he toyield his seat without a struggle to some Protectionist of his own party; or may we expect to see Unionist electors who take different views of our fiscal policy voting for the same candidate, and thus making it impossible to determine what amount of support is being given to the Colonial Secretary ? So curious a situation as this has never before arisen in our political history, for we have never previ- ously had a Prime Minister who was avowedly without "settled convictions" on the dominant question of the hour. Even the Liberal party does not escape from some consequences of the state of doubt and uncertainty into which Mr. BALFOUR has plunged his own supporters. What, for in- stance, is the attitude to adopt towards members like Lord HUGH CECIL, or Sir EDGAR VINCENT, or Mr. IVOR GUEST, who are convinced Free Traders? To oppose them will be to help Mr. CHAMBERLAIN; but to support them will be to betray the cause of education. Should a general eleetimli take place before Parliament again meets all these questions will have to be settled at once in something resembling thq frame of mind in which the game of "family coach" is played. But the Liberal policy, we take it, is clear even in the case of the most pronounced of the Free Trade Conservatives. Liberals must necessarily look beyond the Free Trade issue to the legislation that must follow on a Chamberlain defeat. It will be impossible for them, therefore, to give support to or to refrain from opposing, any Free Trade candi- date that is not with them on the education ques- tion. The future must not be sacrificed to a temporary embarrassment. Where there is a situation such as that which exists at Exeter, where both candilates are Free Traders, and one in a most capable exponent of Liberal views on the education question, every Liberal vote must, of course, be given to the Liberal candidate.

MT. ANDREW CAR- MR. CARNEGIE AND NEGIE'S munificence is PROTECTION. tremendous. It is

3 astonishing the world. There has been nothing like it before. It is only in our own generation that such magnificent alms- giving has become pc.ssible. CRCE3US is reputed to have been very rich, and in the world of imagina- tion the gold and jewels of the Count of Monte Cristo has seemed to mock all possibility of rivalry in extent of lavishness of expenditure. But neither CRCE3US nor the Count of Monte Cristo had so much wealth at his command as the Pittsburg ironmaster. How did Mr. CARNEGIE make him- self the master of so many millions of money ? He was a poor Scotch bay, and now he could buy up nearly all Scotland. How has it come about in a business lifetime which has been far from unduly prolonged ? The answer to this question has a particularly close bearing on the subject of "the inquiry," concerning which Mr. BALFOUR was care- ful to disclose nothing in the House of Commons on Monday. Mr. CARNEGIE has been made a rich man partly by natural wit, of course, partly by the union of opportunity with natural sagacity, partly by enterprise but mainly by Protection.

"The history of the Carnegie Steel Company " is the latest book to awaken attention in the United States. It is written by Mr. JAMES HOWARD BRIDGE, who has been Mr. CARNEGIE'S private secretary, and has therefore seen a good deal of that side of money-making which is not disclosed to the public view. The New York correspondent of the "Standard" says of this book that" its importance lies not in its revelations of the seamy methods of accumulating wealth and organising the Steel Trust, but in the disclosure of trade secrets calculated to have powerful economic and political influence." For example, many private documents are given textually, in- cluding a letter from Mr. SCHWAB to Mr. FRICK, declaring that rails can be made in the United States for 12 dollars per ton and exported for 16 dollars. The tariff enables the Trust to sell its steel in the American market for 28 dollars. That is an astounding revelation. The Steel Trust is able to mike the steel user of the United States pay 28 dollars for what it produces for 12 dollars or less ! Why need we I wonder at the great wealth of Mr. CARNEGIE or the immense salary of Mr. SCHWAB, the largest ever paid since the buildings of the pyramids at least. The great w)rks at Pittsburg have been protected from competition, to ucli an extent that they have been able to charge to the citizen who protected them almost two and a half times as much as he ought to have paid. What have been the consequences? It would be simply im- possible to enumerate them in anything else than a volume. The farmer brEaking up the prairie in the Far West has had to pay from two to three times as much for his agricultural imple- ments as they would have cost him if America had been a Free Trade country. The extra cost has to be put on the price of the corn that he produces which is carried to the place of export over rails which have been bought at prices inflated by Protection, and is then shippedl off to the old world in vessels built in English 1 Ishipyards because the high prices of steel and iron ! will not permit the United States to compete in the shipbuilding industry. It is thus that under Protection the individual prospers at the expensel of the community, and that fortunes are amassed of such proportions as become a threat to the body politic. The just-mentioned fact about tho ship- buil ding trade may suggest matter for reflectio 'to those muddle-headed people who think that one ought to abandon Free Trade because it has not been adopted by other countries "Cobden was mistaken," they say. "He said that in a few years all the Norld would adopt Free Trade." Well COBDEN was too sanguine. He had a much higher opinion of the wisdom of mankind than subsequent events have justified. But it is far from being certain that the abandonment on tariff protection by other countries would be ad vantageous to ourselves. It is quite certain that our great shipbuilding industry would suffer severely if Americans did not tax themselves for the advantage of Mr. CARNEGIE and his partners. Protection makes it impossible for a protected

===== 0002601_19030815_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ON SALL vod INSURANCE BOOK. £6 debit; will sell cheap.—Apply 200. Seca LINE, Pemberton Wigan.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

AUGUST 15th 1903.

THE energy with

THE ABNORMAL which Parliament POLITICAL SITUATION, pushed along to- wards the holidays suggests much matter for reflection. There has been talk of Saturday sittings in both Houses. The Lords have kept steadily and resolutely at work till nearly midnight, and the Commons have gone home with the milk in the morning. So great-is the general eagerness to get away from legislative tail at the earliest possible moment and to begin the slaughter of " the sacred birds." Parlia- ment was prorogued yesterday and members of the House of Commons:have separated in consider- able uncertainty as to whether they will ever again be entitled to take their seats at Westminister. There are the most various anticipations of the political probabilities of the immediate future. M r BALFOUR. has so managed things that Parlia., ment must separate in the utmost confusion of mind alike as to the chances of an early general election, the nature of the intended appeal to the people and the leadership 'Hider which such an appeal would be made—the leadership, that is to say, of Mr. BALFOUR'S own side. Even Mr; CHAMBERLAIN'S views, definite as they were at the start, have become involved in prevailing cloud. The Colonial Secretary was, at the ontset,for pre- ferential tariffs in favour of the Colonies and the consequent taxation of food. This, he declared, is the only policy which can hold the Empire together. But the preferential tariffs and the taxation of food and the other items of rZollverein idea have tended to recede, and even to disappear like the old age pensions which they were to produce. It is doubtfu whether preference can any longer be described as Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S policy. The idea of pure Protectionism has usurped its place. Sir THOMAS WRIGHTSON, who wants to be protected against German iron, may be regarded as the type of man by 'whom the Colonial Secretary is being most zealously supported. Here and there a Conserva- tive member more independent than the rest,writes to his constituency to say that he will not be a party to any policy which will increase the cost o the food of the people. Any ',form [of Protection,

===== 0002601_19030815_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
country to compete with a Free Trade country where the conditions are equal except in respect to the tariff. That is one reason why we are able to pay for our food and our raw materials by our exports of manufactured goods.

Our old friend, Mr. R. A. Naylor, has during the past week been "staggering huntauity,"—to borrow the phrase of a much humbler individual, one Paul Kruger. Last Saturday, he informed the Warrington public through our Conservative contemporary, that" the man who would most certainly be elected if he consented to stand (for Watrington) is none other than your obedient servant, R. A. Naylor." Fancy! Hide your diminished heads, oh ye Pierpoints and Crosfields, ye Greenalls and Parrs, for a greater has come amongst ye. " Most certainly be elected," "none other than," etc., Phew! Bow down and worship, oh ye common people! As far as we can ascertain the common people were more inclined to sneer and wish he really would stand, so that they might testify at the polls their estimate of Mr. Naylor. Unfortunately the pleasure has bean denied them, and fallen to the lot of the ,elactors in Carnarvon Boroughs, where Mr. Naylor was adopted as the Unionist Candidate in opposition to Mr. Lloyd George M.P., on the same day that his remarkable letter was published in Warrington. The delicate duty of appraising Mr. Naylor may, we think, be safely left in the hands of the Carnarvon people. He has commenced his candidature by an ebullition of heroics which culminates with: "We laugh at impossibilities, and cry, it shall be done !" Furthermore Mr. Naylor is said to have, "in the interests of patriotism, refused the offer of a safe seat elsewhere "—pre- sumably Warrington. But what an egregious egotism all this reveals! Mr. Naylor reminds us of Humpty Dumpty, and we are inclined to think that he will share that worthy's fate by crossing swords with Mr. Lloyd George, M.P.

Four hours were rPquired on Tuesday for the discussion of the Town Council business, and some of it had to be again postponed even then. A good deal was accomplished in the time, however. First and foremost the inquiry question was settled by the almost unanimous adoption of the scheme formulated by a special committee of Non-Traders and Corporation representatives, and formally proposed by Councillor Tinnion. The latter explained fully the nature of the negotiations which had led to the drawing-up of such a basis tor inquiry. While it did not absolutely satisfy him it embodied the most reasonable terms they could get from the Non-Traders—and he admitted that in this matter at any rate the Non-Traders had the ratepayers at their backs. This was the proper attitude to adopt and we are glad Coun- cillor Tinnion laid the matter before his fellow- councillors in this light. We have for some time pointed out that it was useless the Council stick- ing out for concessions more or less sentimental, if the Non-Traders were not prepared to grant them on any terms. The primary object was to authorise an inquiry such as would satisfy the ratepayers that there had or had not been trading of an illegal or immoral nature. Councillor Dodds again emphasizad the determination of his com- mittee not to submit to any tampering with the scheme which had been so carefully arranged, and a conciliatory course was also advised by Councillor James Evans and Alderman Bolton, the latter of whom had apparently got over his spleen and was anxious that the inquiry should be held in the interests of ultimate peace. After the speeches of the advocates for an inquiry on the lines proposad,there was practically no fear of any further rejection or adjournment. The Council, almost as a whole, "climbed down" from the pinnacle on which it has stood for so long, and granted the Nun-Traders' request. We are very glad that this course has at last been taken, and we can foresee nothing,in the nature of opposition, which is at all likely to frustrate the inquiry.

Copcillor F. R. Roberts made a big effort to obtain support for his amendments, but, though he delivered the speech of the evening and used same telling arguments, there was no disposition on the part of tne Council to incur any more delay and suspense, and he was defeated. 11119 grounds of his amendments we have previously discussed. Suffice it to say that, primarily, the right of the Non-Traders to appoint on the inquiry commission men wtio have already figured as the accusers was what he most strongly objected to.oa the face of it the objection seems reasonable and in accord with English notions of fairness, but there is one aspect of the contention which was largely ignored. The Commissioners are not to be in any sense judges, so that, in our opinion, the argument re " accuser and judge in one" falls to the ground. We are to have an inguiry, an investigation, not a trial of men who have been charged with trading either illegally or immorally, and it does not appear to us " un-English " that the men who have con- cerned themselves in the agitation should be among the men who have to inquire further into the allegations that have been made. The Com- mission will consist of three nominees from each side, and the fairness of the proceedings ought to, and we think will, be assured.

Now thst the inquiry scheme has been" signed, sealed, and delivered" it would appear that therd is not much difficulty in the way of it being put into operation forthwith. We are somewhat sceptical yet, however, of an inquiry taking place on the lines agreed upon. There is one difficulty which may prove in superable. Clause 4 specifies, as many of our readers will recollect, "that the commissioners shall receive no remuneration." Where, we ask once more, are the Corporation going to find three gentlemen who will undertake such a ;aborious and thAnkless task without reward!? The Non-Traders are eager, and will have little difficulty in appointing their three Commissioners, but op the Corporation side the case is different. Were we asked to be one of the gentlemen conducting an inquiry likely to last for months and bristle with knotty points, we should expect to be well paid for the work, and so will the appointed three in all proba- bility. Clause 4 is more likely to wreck the scheme that the combined exertions of the fiercest opponents of an inquiry,and we shall be interested in seeing how the problem will be solved.

Though so "short and sweet," Councillor Dodds is far from satisfied with the report of the Borough auditors, and on Tuesday he called attention to several matters which he thought might have been noticed by the auditors. The most important was the question of depreciation on the Electic Light and Tramways undertakings. Councillor Dodds dis igrees with the policy of wiping-oil borrowed capital by a sinking fund and maintaining the plant out of revenue, and at the same time allow- ing nothing for depreciation. Apparently his criticism convicts the committee of a neglect of one of the most important elemen- tary business principles, but we are in- clined to think there is " more than meets the eye" in'ithe consideration of the question. The point of view of the Electricity and Tramways Committee is, we believe, that to make three charges on capital,—interest sinking fund charges, and depreciation—would be a mistake, when it is pobsible to pay off the borrowed money and at the same time keep the plant efficient out of revenue. By continuous renewal, doubtless, the working plant could be maintained at such a level as to ob- viate any necessity for a depreciation fund, but ' this does not cover buildings, rails, standards, car- bodies and like properties which it is not possible to renew piecemeal, and which certainly will not improve with keeping. Another objection on the part of the Committee is to let such a sum of money as would be represented by an allowance for depreciation, lie idle. The question is, however, a large one,and it demands fuller elucidation. We expect to he able to publish some instructive matter on the subject next week.

Presumably the last has now been heard of the notorious slack contract. Alderman Francomb's explanation makes it clear how the Warrington Slate Company came to be supplying slack for which Messrs. Richard Evans and Company

===== 0002601_19030815_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
had obtained the contract. The blame still rests with the officials of the Water Com-

mittee, and the explanation of the Chairman only reflects more seriously on the want of inter-communication between the committee and its employees. The latter appear to have done just as they thought fit, which somewhat justifies Councillof Pemberton's assertion that the Corpor- ation was over-ridden by its officials, though we dissent from the comprehensiveness of his condem- nation. Probably the officials of the Water Department are the only ones who would have dared to play tricks with a contract, especially' in these days of criticism and mistrust. There is room for improvement in the business methods of the Water Committee, which in recent years has had the handling ol some huge sums of money, and we hope the opportunity of putting the house in order will at once be taken.

The business of the Warrington Board. of Guardians is never of an exhilarating description and on Wednesday several matters were introduced which were not calculated to raise tne spirits ei the Guardians. In the first place, the Master re- ported that the Workhouse was overcrowded 10 the hospital and female house block and more accommodation must be provided for the winter months. Then an adverse report was presented on the condition of the electrical storage batteries, which have been damaged through neglect to such an extent that 1:300 is neces- sary to put the apparatus in sound work. - ing order. This was a sufficiently bitter • Plll to swallow, but the Clerk presented them with a phial of a like character by drawing a doleful picture of the County finances,in which he showed that while the rateable area was decreasing the expenditure was steadily increasing. He wsured the Guardians that the County Rate call would be an increase upon that of last year, apart altogether from the extra rate which would have to be levied for educational purposes. The Guardians accepted the situation quits philosophically and signed the County rate calls, without even knowing what the County rate is to be. The Clerk was instructed to fill in the amount required when he received the County rate notice. Ratepayers in the Borough have had an unpleasant experience of heavy rates for some time, and it appears that the ratepayers in the country districts are to have a like experience.

The Walton Show is growing in importance This was evidenced on Thursday by the excelleno class of entries and the large attendance of the general public. Those who remember the earlY beginnings of the society with its first show cf mares and foals in the Old Barracks Yard at War- rington must be agreeably surprised ,gt the pro- gress which has been made. The society be° passed through some difficult times since thee and it is possible that if it had not been for the excellent backing which the soctety has received from Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., it would have gone out of existence ere this. Only last yØf Sir Gilbert relieved the Society from its financie' difficulties by wiping off an adverse balance of £3oo' The society was more fortunate in regard to the weather on Thursday and th;s will no doubt reflecS itself in a more satisfactory balance sheet than Wes presented last year. Although the society is e° longer known as a Mare and Foal Society, still the chief feature of the show remains with hors There was an exceptionally fine display of horse° on Thursday and close observers were able to no' tice the steady and solid progress which has bee° made in the breeding of good animals in thie district. The society could hardly be said to hale justified its existence unless an improvement ja the breeding of local stock were the result, but the mere fact that local exhibitors were able t° compete successfully in the open classes is evidence of the all-round improvement which has boa made. This is perhaps hardly to be wondered LO, in a district possessing a stud of the excellence ot Sir Gilbert Greenall'd. In the cattle classes a like improvement will in all probability be noticeable in course of time. Takon as a whole this year'll show must rank as one of the most successful el the series.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
KNUTSFORD PARLIAMENTARY

DIVISION.

An Open Letterifrom the Liberal

Candidate.

Mr. A. J. King, Liberal Candidate for the Knutsford Division has addressed the following letter to till Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Knutsfo Division Liberal Association:— Dear Sir,—E gladly respond to your request that should from time to time write an open letter putt'tqo before you and through you before the electors of th,e Knutsford Division a few points bearing on the politief' situation. We have no means of knowing when th,e Government will appeal to the country, but there evidence to show that the Cabinet is not a very hafiP,l and united family, and it is unlikely that it will brio& in another Budget, in which case the General Electil will be upon us in the early spring of nesD year at latest. It is important, therefore, the' the electors of the Knutsford Division should be making up their minds as to which sift they are In 1895 and 1900 there were no contests in this Divislo,ol and the electors had no opportunity of expressing 17 the ballot box their views on the important question °.5 the policy which should guide the Government of 024 country and of the Empire, but at the next Geftell'a Election the Executive Committee of the 'Aber'', party in the Division can give the electol: the assurance that so far as it is possible to FLO' certainty in human arrangements they shall have th° opportunity of recording their votes in favour of ; Liberal candidate, and so repudiate the policy pursee,,D by the Conservative government during the last eig',4 years. The question indeed in its broadest aspeet,:o the next election is, are the electors prepared to Ph'‘, a new lease of power to the party have been responsible for the legislation for the administration of public affairs 1895. Will the electors allow the rights and libertlir won for them by the sacrifice and public spirit of the forefathers to be gradually filched by a govern:ll3o4 which stands for privilege and for private interest the priest, the landlord, the brewer, and the manufifj turer of lyddite shells. Its policy has been well suml3l,o up in the terms "mess, muddle and make believe," the most powerful member of the Government that the the next election is not to be fought on thiS cord but on quite another issue, which he has stAtio for us in plain language in the following propositiolv 1. Unless some system of Preferential Torlto with the Colonies is adopted the Empire will 0,0 pieces. 2. This can only be done by imposieg:At import duty on food or raw material. At Prest(io he is not prepared to tax raw material therefore

tax must.be on food. og In my next letter I will deal more fully with t-h,-,r; proposals. Meantime, let me remind all the elec'ior that Thursday, the 20th of August, is the last day op. sending in claims for lodgers or occupiers to be P. the register. Let every man who thinks he has C,r`Fer• to a vote ascertain at once if his name is on the If it it is not, Mr. Joseph Smith, secretary, Crauf°.te avenue, Knutsford, will give to all Liberals who w!:„..- to him the necessary information to secure aVO Yours faithfully, (Signed) ALFRED grSa•

===== 0002601_19030815_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDING.

Inglis—Toft. The marriage was solemnized at Bold-street We 4. Church on Wednesday morning of the Rev. ri* vic Inglis, M.A., of Aberdeen, second son of Mr. Fr 30,4 Inglis, Olenholme, Devonport, and Miss Agnes Toft, youngest (laughter of the late Mr. John Toft 100 Mrs. Toft, Museum-street. A large congreg3'iobr witnessed the ceremony, the officiating ministers be 6, the Rev. John Otty, M.A., of Alnwick, and the Re./' vit. H. Carnson, Superintendent of the Warrington etreher The bride, who was given away bY ÷tirea brother, Mr. Charles Toft, was charminglY She in a dress of cream silk, over white glac4 sge wore a veil of Brussels net, and wreath ef IWO blossom and carried a beautiful bouquet of roses, Tbe and orange blossom, the gift of the bridegroolmbode, bridesmaids were Miss Amy Toft, sister of the and the Misses May7and Winifred Inglis, sisters °„seS, bridegroom, and they wore buff coloured muslin ar,'ioas, with straw hats, and carried bouquets of pink carncilii.'rgerl Mr. Glanville Inglis, of Middlesborough, dis pre- the duties of best man. Mr. George PendleburYtios, sided at the organ and played appropriate 'fbe including Mendelssohn's "Wedding mar de' wedding luncheon was served at the house of the,e'irshipi mother. The cake was a magnificent one, al* 321bs and was decorated with natural white tiovie' tbe trails of smilax. The honeymoon will be sPentAescrir Lake district. The presents were of a costly' ;_ltareo tion,and included a arandlpianoforte,Sheriton fu .10 valuable pictures. silver tea service, &c.

the 3fiect was

lenc° beea d at ce of like e, able

tdorit to tbie tsfora

L tbefo lea° ' for alut 011 eaisre4r: 'for' xriwrito vote."'

s..

===== 0002601_19030815_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ALLEGED THE FROM A CRICKET PAVILION.

At St. Helens, on Tuesday, William Lightfoot, 71, Grafton-street, Thomas Forster,and Alfred Pennington, of Havelock-street, who were charged, with breaking and ,entering the pavilion of the Eccleston Bowling Club, Limited, and taking 190 cigars and a large quantity of spirits, beer, &c., value £7 Os. 70., were committed to the sesssons.

VOLUNTEER ENGIN'EERS IN DISGRACE. A most regrettable and unusual incident marked last Week's camp of the St. Helens Engineers at Morecambe. 'Considerable reticence is being observed in the corps on the matter, but it is stated that a party of three or four men were dismissed from the regiment in disgrace on Thursday for neglect of, and absenting themselves from, guard duty. The disgraced engineers include a sergeant and a corporal. The colonel and officers of the corps hay.° done a great deal during the past five or six years to improve the status and personnel of the regiment,and When the matter cropped up, the colonel unhesitatingly enforced the penalty which follows so serious a breach of discipline.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING AT ST. HELENS.

Mr. Leonard Rawlinson, Town Clerk of Leamington, and formerly Deputy Town Clerk of St. Helens, was married on Wednesday at Christ Church, Eccleston, St. Helens, to Miss Louie Glover, eldest daughter of the late Mr. W. J. Glover, of Eccleston Park. The bride- groom is the youngest son of Mr. Henry Rawlinson, of Prescot-road. St. Helens. The ceremony was performee -by the Rev. H. S. Bolton, vicar of St. John's, Raven- bead, and the Rev. B. S. Clarke, vicar of Eccleston. Mr. 0. M. Barton played appropriate music. The bride wore a costume of ivory duchesse satin, trimmed with Honiton point lace, chiffon and orange blossoms, with ourt train. The four bridesmaids, Miss Annie Glover, Iss Florence Glover, sisters of the bride, Miss Ethel "'eat cousin, and Miss ,Mabel Rawlinson, niece of the bridegroom, were attired in cream voile over cream Mr. H. Percy Glover was the best man, and the bride was given away by her brother, Mr. NV. J. Glover. Yhe honeymoon will be spent in Scotland. The presents included a silver tea:andcoffee service and tray from the Leamington Corporation staff. PRESENTATION AT THE LEAMINGTON TOWN COUNCIL

MEETING. At the close of the Leamington Town Council meeting on Monday, the Mayor (Alderman W. Davis)' said that it was his pleasant duty to present, on behalf of the Council, a wedding gift to the Town Clerk. Addressing Rawlinson, he said: "Mr. Town Clerk, the members of the Town Council,becoming aware of your approaching marriage, deemed it desirable to make 'ydi a .pre- sentation on this auspicious occasion. You have been now with us for more than two years, and I believe you enjoy the confidence, good-will and respect of everyone of us. (Hear,hear). It is my pleasing duty to present to you, and to ask your acceptance of, a silver tea and, coffee service, together with a silver plated tray, bear- ing this inscription: "Presented to Leonard Rawlin- son, Esq., Town Clerk of the Royal Ilamington Spa, by the Members of the Corporati. _.d Officials, on the occasion of his marriage, . ..tist 12th, 1903." Coupled with that, I beg to ..r you on behalf of myself and the members and officials of the Corporation, my sincere congratulations eirr'best wishes to your future bride and yourself, and I trust that your married life may be a very long and hAppy one. (Applause.) The Town Clerk made a suitable reply.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

LICENSING APPLICATION AT RUNCORN. At the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, before Sir nichard Brooke and other magistrates, Thomas Shall- cross applied for permission to sell at a beerhouse, the Nelson Inn, Rutland-street, lately occupied by Thomas Ernest Gilgrass.—Superintendent Ennion raised no °Nection, and the application was granted. THE FIRST MAYOR OF WIDNES. At Tuesday's meeting of the Widnes Town Council a letter was rend from Mr. H. Wade Deacon, J.P.,stating that certain friends and admirers of Mr. F. H. Gossage (lrst Mayor of Widnes), father of the present Mayor, :lesired to present to the Corporation a portrait of to be hung In the Town Hall. The offer was accepted with thanks. SCHOLARS' EXCURSION FROM RUNCORN. 411 IV On Wednesday afternoon the scholars of the Camden 11;resleyan Church Sunday School had an excursion along the Bridgewater Canal to Preston Brook. Mr. W. .haw jun. took the members of his class at the Mersey Alls3lon Sunday School to Overton. The weather was delightfully fine and the young people spent a very 'pleasant afternoon and evening.

INDOOR Rini: RANGE. Joseph Naylor, cycle mechanic, 53, Regent-street, Runcorn,ap lied to the magistrates at the Runcorn Petty sessions on Monday to register shop premises at 89, Church-street, for the purpose of storing explosives. Superintendent Ennion said he had visited the premises and was quite satisfied with them. The application was granted. It is the applicant's intention to have an in- door rifle range at the shop.

- DROWNED AT WIDNES. The Widnes police have been informed that Joseph Nulty, aged 9, -residing at 7, Water-street, whilst bathing in the river Mersey, on Wednesday, opposite Cooper's Yard, West Bank, was drowned. From the account of the occurrence given by boys, it appears that Nulty was washed away by a strong current and dashed against a Shrimping boat, after which he was not seen. The lad'st I°°dY was recovered on Thursday night near the Accident hospital. 'SUDDEN DEATH OF A RUNCORN COUNTY FOOTBALLER. Pletcher Gayter, aged 30, a member of the Runcorn -rootball Club, dropped down dead in Canal-street, Run- on Wednesday. He had been a prominent forward 2,.f. the Runcorn club since the institution of the Northern union, and possessed several gold medals. He had re- resented Cheshire County for a number of years, and 4'o a hand in winning the county championship two 37eare ago.At the inquest on Wednesday evening Dr Lewis axlpressed the opinion that the cause of death was P°PlexY, and the jury returned a verdict accordingly. THEFT OF A DRESS AT WIDNES. „n At Widnes, on Monday, Mary Riley, well-known in ",•e town for her thieving propensities, was committed tor trial for stealing a dress skirt from the lobby of a e in the occupation of Maria Dooley, at Hall-road Zl‘ton- Prisoner pleaded guilty, and in answer to a ilestion put to her by the bench, she said, "It is not, 41„°.rth talking about." Police-constable Hassell gave 3/4"dence of arrest, finding the woman behind a farm- in the act of putting the dress on. She was com- itted to the next Liverpool Sessions. BAD RECORD AT WIDNES. 11.zabeth Bushell, of Sankey-street, Widnes, a aotorious character, with a very bad record of fifty-six ctl3earances, was again brought up at the Widnes Police ti-Ilrt on Monday. She has been before the bench seven and four times during the last twelve months. aavice-oonstable Williams deposed to seeing her drunk quarrelling with a mania Sankey-street on Sunday iijg and brought her to the lock-up. The Bench adrsed a fine of 10s. and costs or fourteen days. and ecl that if she came before them again she would be Inld over or blacklisted.

CHOIR TRIP. annual trip in connection with the choir of St. 41111's Presbyterian Church took place on Monday, htca toathngollen. The party left Runcorn in a saloon,qtac ed 7he 8-5 am. train. On arrival at their destination hilly,— was partaken of. They then proceeded by boat tile Canal to the Chain Bridge, and visited the Shoe Falls Valle Crucis,Abbey, &c., and ascended 450 e summit of Crow Castle. At five o'clock they sat rlarcitt4._to an excellent meat tea.. Afterwards a visit was tr, Lo the Old Maids' House. the return journey -01:soctin..,,.n• cod at half-past seven and home was reached in time. The weather was fine, and the beautiful wer'n'r3' of the district was thoroughly appreciated.. All o well pleased with the outing. The party vr•i.s trtge of Mr. Wa.rburton, the choirmaster. The Pastor e ftev• T. S. Morris, joined them at Llangollen. RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. lirl'ese sessions were held on Monday, before Sir R. w.prooke and Messrs. F. J. Norman, J. Eccleston and "nnlins,whenlEdward Dale,Portland-street,was fined orcie !ncluding costs for having been drunk and dis- ent rIY in Portland-street on July 23rd.—Elizabeth larz es, Portland-street, was fined ss. for using obscene bariage at the same time and place. She said that e,Ant both his fists in her face and provoked her to Attrwle language. Acting-Sergeant Morgan proved the —Thomas Watson (16), Wellington-street, and -Nave'. 'Kirkham (16), Cooper-street, were summoned for ng cards for money in King-street on Sunday week. °thing-Sergeant 'when g cards for money. Morgan said he saw the defendants and he Playin They ran away, il,an'vent to them and he picked up a penny. The Cnair- Wat.laid there were two previous convictions against kir and he would be fined ss. and Bs. 6d. costs Nvn,a _ am would be fined 10s.—Samuel Sant, Warrington two Lanratnoned for being asleep while in charge of Aq,r, erses and a dray in Moughland lane, Runcorn, on tolYbet' 18,t• P. C. Rowlands proved the case. Defendant ehijt cin ne had been up all the previous night with his ofte '"no was ill. Superintendent Ennion said he had kno met W the defendant on the road and had never l disth.a hiin to commit any offence before. The caseNvas Strf esed nn Payment of the costs 5s 6d.—Thomas -alger, sailor, Portsmouth, was charged with begging nainh-street, Runcorn, on Saturday. A police officer !4eardethsaw the prisoner go into a yrov4si9n shop and ‘he shopkeeper tell him that If he did not go out bp_lice would be seat for. Witness ascertained that day:u,„„))sen begging at the shop and other shops that nuii;" the previous day, and had made himself a Prin-onee• The sum of is 5d was found upon him. sew ner who was making his way to Liverpool, was to gaol for 14 days.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. R. A. NAYLOR AS PARLIA- MENTARY CANDIDATE.

To Oppose Mr. Lloyd George in Carnarvon Boroughs.

ASTONISHING SEQUENCE OF EVENTS.

Last Saturday our Conservative contemporary pub- i shed a

REMA.RKAJ3LE LETTER

?rom Mr. R. A. Naylor, in reply to a correspondent who had suggested that Councillor Dodds entertained Parlia- mentary ambitions. In the course of the letter Mr. Naylor says : "I feel it therefore my duty to assure your corres- pondent that he is quite mistaken as to Mr. Dodds' aspirations, for instead of this gentleman desiring to represent Warrington in the next Parliament I know for a fact that he has used all his persuasive eloquence to induce a man, who thinks not as he thinks politically, to undertake the position of candidate for the Non-Traders at the coming election. Probably Mr. Dodds will not thank me for removing a wrong impression, for he is quite able to fight his own battles. As" Conservative "and those who have read his letter may wish to know who the suggested Candi- date is, I beg to say that in order to clear Mr Dodds in their eyes from the imputations so recklessly hurled at him, the man who would most certainly b elected if he consented to stand is none other than Your Obedient Servant.

R. A. NAYLOR. St. Michael's House, Egerton Gardens, London S. W. August 4th 1903. The italics are, of course, ours. Needless to say this concluding sentence created an astounding sensation in the town, which had never looked upon the writer as a possible Candidate under any circumstances.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ADOPTED AT CARNARVON.

On Monday appeared the announcement in the• Press that Mr. R, A. Naylor had been adopted as Unionist candidate for Carnarvon Boroughs in opposition to Mr. Lloyd George, M.P. At the Conservative Club, Carnarvon, on Saturday Me Naylor delivered an address to his prospective consti- tuents in which he said: "He was coming into the constituency with the intention of "speaking the truth," and he would not lower himself to deception, even if he knew he would gain the seat thereby. He then dealt "very eloquently" with the education and fiscal ques- tions. Dealing with the latter he quoted from his own work upon the subject, written ten years ago, in which he predicted the present position of affairs. He re- gretted to say that the statistics of our trading relations with foreign countries were worse now than they were then, and it appeared to him that if the state of things continued in the same direction the working classes of this country would not have to talk about cheap bread or dear bread, but would have to cry for the money to buy any bread at all If the working classes of the country once thoroughl understood the danger that existed of losing much o the trade enjoyed at the present moment they would rise up as one man, and in the interests of themselves and families declare that the Government should take some means of protecting theit liv el ihood. Mr. Naylor, in concluding his address, asked the delegates to do their utmost for the Unionist cause in the constituency, and, although there were great difficulties to face, not to be discouraged, but to be animated by the sentiments of one of the poets who said, "WE LAUGH AT IMPOSSIBILITIES, AND CRY IT SHALL (Loud cheers).

===== 0002601_19030815_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
BE DONE."

- The" North Wales Observer and Express,"commenting on the above speech says: "There is an element of heroism about the prophetic utterance at the conclusion of the speech at Carnarvon on Saturday. "We laugh at impossibilities, and cry, 'lt shall be done!" There is something akin to the sublime in that impressive cry. When it is remembered that the "it" referred to stands for the ousting of Mr. Lloyd-George from the representation of the Carnarvon boroughs the magnifi- cence of the courage implied may be understood. Mr. Naylor deserves a better fate than to be rudely sub- jected by his Tory friends to the buffets of a political campaign. The temperament that is so essentially the seer's and the hymnwriter's is not adapted for the war- fare generally connected with Carnarvon borough elec- tions."

Finally, Mr. Naylor is said "in the interests of patriotism', to have

• REFUSED A SAFE SEAT elsewhere in response to the call to do battle against Mr. Lloyd George.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Letter to Councillor Dodds. "The Dictates of a Lofty Patriotism."

The following is the copy of an explanatory letter Mr. Naylor has addressed to Councillor Dodds : "St. Michael's House, Egerton Gardens, London, S.W., August 12, 1903. "Dear Mr. Dodds,—Yonr kind letter of the 10th, and I can quite see my letter in the 'Warrington Observer' of Saturday last may, in addition to the impression I I desired, have placed you in an unpleasant position in regard to the particular political party with which your name has been honourablyassocialed. I therefore have great pleasure in stating, as you desire, that had I con- sented to accept the generous invitation of the Non• Traders to become their Parliamentary Candidate it would have heen asan opponent of all questionable deal- ings of all Corporate bodies and excessive local and national expenditure, and not as the nominee of any political party. My conversation with you was perfectly clear, i.e.. if' I were under no obligation to any other constituency and I was officially approached by your Association in the above connection, I should be glad to consider such a proposition. Now, as you suggest my acceptance as candidate for tho Carnarvon Boroughs in conjunction with the letter referred to may have given the impres- oion you state. I beg to say most emphatically that had I contested Warrington on the lines indicated, I should have respected the feelings of those who think differently to what I do upon the various questions now before the country, I am just as muoh opposed to our fiscal system as I am to that of extrayagauce with the public money, and as the former is one of my specialities I have been glad to respond to the cry from afar and I intend to fight the Carnarvon Boroughs upon this question, not in the interests of a party,but in response to the dictates of a lofty patriotism which places the well being of the great mass of people before any other consideration. You are quite at liberty to make this letter public, aud I hope it will serve the purposes desired. With every good wish, yours faithfully, R. A. NAYLOR.

Death of Mrs. Hickman. We regret to announce that Mrs. Hickman, wife of Mr. William Hickman, auctioneer, 13, Arpley street, passed away at her residence on Wednesday. The deCeased lady was held in high esteem by a large circle of friends and the news of her death was received with deep regret. Much sympathy is felt with Mr. Hickman and the members of his family in their bereavement. The funeral will take place at the Warrington Cemetery ernoon). There will be a service this (Saturday aftlevaa Church at 1.45.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, August 15, 1903. LOCAL NEWS.

Election Expenses.

.Councillorifforrocks's expenses in the Howley Ward election have been returned at £26 9s. Bd. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING or TONICS.-63, SANKEY-STREET, Warrington.—Advt. Car in Collision. At about eight o'clock on Satuvlay evening a tram- car proceeding along Winwick-street in the direction of the Central Station, collided with a milk cart be- longing to Mr. Bridge. Both car and cart were damaged, the latter being overturned. No one was injured. UNDER the CLOCK or GOOD Boos.—Advt. Alleged Cruelty to a Dog at Warrington.

William Berry, Walton Superior was charged at the Daresbury Sessions on Tuesday before Mr. W. Lon°. (in the chair), with cruelty to a dog on the 2nd inst.—Mr. Steel defendeol.—Mr. Steel said the do,/ chased a number of valuable rabbits in a pen, and in driving the dog out of the garden the dog tried to jump over the hedge and fell backwards. This probably daused the leg to be injured. It was sub- sequently put over the hedge. The Bench decided to dismiss the case. LADIES BEST GLACE BOOTS and SIIOES, UNDER the CLOCK, BRID GE-STREET.—Ad'A, Smart Capture. . _ _

Superintendent Monaghan effected a smart capture on Saturday. In Consequence of information which came to his knowledge, he visited Orford Barracks during the morning, and after making inquiries. arrested a man who was wanted by the London police on a charge of embezzlement. He was taken to the Police Station and detained until Sunday, when he was handed over to. Detective Summers, of the Criminal Investigation Department, Landon.

BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt; Drowning Accident near Warrington. _ _ _

On Sunday night, Arthur Devaney; srx years of age son of 'Michael Devaney, wharf foreman at Winwick: quay for Messrs. Burton and Sons, of Liverpool, dis- appeared whilst playing near .the St. Helens and Sankey Canal about half-past seven, and the body was recovered from the canal by the father about eleven o'clock at night. You CANNOT DO BETTER! Buy your boots and shoes at ALT. TAYLOR'S. Cheapest and best town. Shrewsbury Floral Fete. This great fête will be held at Shrewsbury on Wednesday and Thursday next. Over £.1,200 are offered in prizes. •The attractions announced are numerous and varied, and there will be selections by famous bands. Special excursion trains will run from Warrington and all parts. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS NtINERAL WATERS.—Advt. Claim against a Farmer. At Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday, before Mr. W. Long and other magistrates, John Murphy, John Cunningham, and William Moore, farm labourers, claimed £8 Os. from Alfred Broome, Preston Brook, £3 9s. being for work done, and for breach of con- tract. Mr. Broome counterclaimed lis. 9d. damages for breach of contract and loss sultained through the plaintiffs leaving his employ. Mr. Crompton repre- sented the plaintiffs, and Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins appeared for Mr. Broome.—After hearing evidence, the Bench intimated that the case was one for settlement, and gave a verdict for the plaintiffs for z£3 95., and the defendant a verdict,on his claim for £1 13s, 91, each party to pay his own costs.

ASK for CUNNDIGHAM'S HIGII-CLA.SS MINERA WATERS.—Advt. The "Countess of Stamford" Again. The Macclesfield county magistrates on Tuesday had to submit to a lengthy story from Agnes G-ilroy, des- cribed as the Countess of Stamford and Warrington. , Mrs. Gilroy, with her husband, made an application for a summons against William Harris, Detective Superintendent of the North Staffordshire Railway Company, whom .she charged with perjury. She also applied for a summons against the Congleton Police. for illegal arrest. In her statement 'she said she was convicted of attempting to defraud the railway com- pany on the 28th March, an accusation she denied. She disputed that the summons had been rightly served as it was put under the door of an empty house at Congleton whilst she was at Warrington. She was afterwards arrested at Congleton and £2 6s. taken from her. This, she said, was nothing but abomin- able extortion and blackmail. The magistrates left the Court, the countess continuing to .tell her tale of woe to the pollee. BEST BOOTS ion ALL.—UNDER the CLOCK.—Advt. Disastrous Fire at Warrington. There was a disastrous fire early on Wednesday morning, the Britannia Soap Works, Knutsford-road, being almost completely gutted. Constable Gilchrist discovered the outbreak at 1.30 and immediately gave the alarm. The fire brigade, under the command of Superintendent and Deputy Superintendent Frank Turner, promptly turned out with the- steam engine Major, and on their arrival they found the building was in full blaze. The works were constructed entirely of corrugated iron and wood and a portion had already fallen in. The efforts of the brigade were largely devoted to saving the boiling shed and the mixing room, and though some damage was caused by water these departments were saved. -The other rooms, however, including the perfume room, the store-room, the paper and box-rooms, the small dry- room, and a portion of the milling-room were com pletely gutted. How the fire originated is a mystery as the place was apparently quite safe about midnight. The damage is estimated at between £3,000 and S:4,000.

GIVE THEM A TRIAL.—ALF. TAYLOR'S wonder- ful boots for everybody. Local Oddfellowshlp. There was an interesting presentation at the monthly meeting of the Garibaldi Lodge of the National Independent Order of Oddfellows held on Saturday, the retiring Grand-master,—Bro. Richard Blackshaw being the recipient of an engraved P.O-.'s jewel for services rendered as an officer. P.P.G. Mr. Smith]made the presentation and said he could safely say without fear of contradiction that they never had a more worthy member than Bro. Blackshaw as he had attended to his duty very satisfactorily and without a single complaint. (Applause.) Secretary (Bro. Dickenson) and P.G. J. Hughes endorsed the remarks of the previous speaker. Bro. Blackshaw, in accept- ing the present., said it had been his ambition for about three years to possess a jewel, and he was very pleased he had reached that ambition. Still its possession would not deter him from still plodding on in the interests of Oddfellowship.

P CTBLIC BENEFIT, UNDER the CLOCK BEST for BOOTS in LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Licences Transferred.

At the Licensing Transfer Sessions held at the County Borough Police Court on Monday the follow- ing transfers were grantedl:—Off-licence, 29, Frog- hall-lane, from Joseph Hatton to William Mercer; Red Lion, Winwick-road, from the late Thomas BrooruhallMalkin to Joseph Edward Shaw •, Hawthorn Inn, Orford-lane, from the late Joseph Buckard to Henry James Buckard ; King's Head, Winwick-street, from Alice Hilton to William Cherry; Volunteer Inn, Cockhedge-lane, from the late James Travis to Mary Travis ; Corporation Inn, Market-place, from Peter. Lawless to George Lake; off-licence, 8, Aikin-street, from the late Caroline Binlis to Albert Charles Binks; Bewsey Inn, beerhouse,Pitt-street, from John Worrall to David Walsh ; and Rope and Anchor,Buttermarket- street, from John Lockett to Henry Taylor. Mr. Steel made the application on behalf of Mr. Binks,—Tempor- ary authority was granted to John P. Hessian to sell at the off-licence, 13, Pierpoint-street, in place of David Walsh, and to Thomas Makin (for whom Mr. Browne appeared) to sell at the off-licence, 35, Elles- mere-street., Howley, in lieu of the late Mrs. Clare.

BRILLIANT SUCCE'SS I

CRAWFORD'S

'POLO"

A 1„0 0 C 0:A. N LT T BISCUIT.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. PIERPOINT AND CYPRUS.

Chilling Reply from Mr. Chamberlain.

In the House of Commons on Monday night, in the discussion on the vote for the diplomatic service, Mr. Robert Pierpoint, M.P. for Warrington,called attention to the affairslof Cyprus. He stated that the grant in aid this year, instead of being of the average, some £30,000 was £87,000. That was absolutely necessary, because the island had gone through a drought such as it had not experienced since 1873. Cyprus paid regularly every year on the average £60,000, which was spent elsewhere. He did not deny that Cyprus had benefited very largely from our occupa- tion of the island, but his great desire was that the island should benefit a great deal more, and have the I enjoyment of its own taxation. He pressed on the , Colonial Secretary the importance of considering the interests of the people as to the tribute. It was inevit- able that the people shauld become discontented when they had to pay such a large amount of money, especi- ally in view of the fact that they were far from being a rich people. We had given them the benefits of the administration of this country. We ought also to offer them tke beneficence and the justice of this country. Mr. Chamberlain, in reply, congratulated his hon, friend on the perseverance with which he reverted to the question of the Cyprus tribute. He thought that since he had held his present office the hon. gentleman had made the same speech every year, and he had made the same speech in reply to his hon. friend ; but he was sorry to say that they had not got much further. He had explained more than once that when we, took possession of Cyprus there was this moirt- gage of about £90,000 a year upon the resources of the island, and that if we had not taken pos- session the island would not have obtained any reduction of the trioute, Whereas it now received annually a grant in aid of £30,000. He did not consider that the tribute, as applied to the payment of the guaranteed Turkish loan of 1855, had been a saving to this country or to France, and he denied that if the tribute had not been so applied either France or Great Britain would have treated the loan as a bad debt; they would have laid claim to other Turkish resources. This country, he proceeded to say, would have been richer if it had not taken possession of Cyprus. From our rule the islanders had derived enormous benefits. He could hold out no hope of a change in respect of the tribute. Before resuming his seat the right hon. gentleman gave some account of the irrigation and development works undertaken in the island for the advantage of the in- habitants.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON VOLUNTEERS. Close of the Camp. A SCOUT REWARDED.

The local Volunteers brought their annual ca.-up at Lewaigue, 1.0. M. ton close lastweek. On Saturday a "falling in" competition was arranged between companies. The men had to be inside the r tents when the bugle sounded.and then form up in their own lines and march on to the parade ground. Prizes were also offered for the cleanest tents. The rest of the day was spent in preparing for home. On Sunday morning, reveille sounded at 5 a.m. and tents were struck after breakfast. At 9 o'clock the battalion paraded for the return home. Before leaving camp, Lieut-Colonel Edelsten, the new commanding officer, after complimenting the battalion on its be- haviour distributed the following prizes :—For the smartest turn-out" H" Company (Captain It. Smith) ; cleanest tent in the battalion, Ist prize, No:7 tent "F " Company ; 2nd, No. 5 tent "0" (Newton) Company. There was also a prize for the cleanest tent in each line. Colonel Edelsten then made a few remarks and said he wished to reward one man in particular for his good work as a scout during camp. The scouting of the battalion had very much improved this year and Captain B. Fairclough who commanded the scouts had spoken very favourably of Private Morgan of " D "Company. This man was then called out of the ranks, presented with 10s., and promoted to the position of lance- corporal.

The men marched out of camp, wearing—owing to the rain which was falling,—their great coats.At about noon they sailed in the Empress Queen for the Prince's Land- ing Stage, Liverpool, which was reached at 5.30. The passage was an exceedingly rough one, and most of the men suffered from mal de mer, and ware also saturated with rain and waves. To use the words of one of the sufferers, the sight on board was "really pitiable." No wonder, therefore, that the travellers one and all were very glad indeed to find themselves on terra firma.

Th; Volunteers marched across Liverpool to the Central Station and entrained, the first batch at a quarter past six, and the second batch a few minutes later The scone from the• carriage windows on arrival at Warrington at about 7.15 was an extraordinary one. The one question of the returning men was "How are we going to march through the crowd ?" However a clear way was made for them and to the strains of the band, the men wended their way to the Drill Hall. Here they were dismissed, one and all glad to get home, but not, as is rumoured in some quarters, dissatisfied with their experiences as citizen soldiers. _ It is satisfactory to learn that the local men left an exceedingly good impression behind them amongst the inhabitants and visitors of Ma,uxland. This is saying a great deal but the compliment has been well deserved.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL SHEPARDRY.

Burial Society Changes :its Nalll3.

The members of the Warrington Burial Society of the Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds assembled at the British Workman Public House, Horsemarket-street on Monday, the occasion being the 32nd anniversary of the establishment of the Society. The members attended in good force, news having reached them that it would probably be the last time they would meet under the title they have held for over 32 years, The meeting was presided over by the President- (Mr. Joseph Williams) and he was supported by the Vice-president (Mr. Joseph Adams), treasurer, James Parr; trustees, William Holmes, Peter Edgar, William ITlckersley; auditor, John Jones and the General Secretary (Mr. Lawrence Weir) and others.

The CEIAIRMAN. in his. opening remarks, referred to the progress the Societyshad made since he had known it as a collecting society. They had experienced thirty- two years of complete success. Looking at the past history of the Society it was marvellous to note the stand it had taken in the competition with the other collecting societies, and the confidence it had gained for itself from the outsidepublic. The balance sheet,which was about to be presented, was full of hope and encouragement to all concerned. The numerical condi- tion of the Society was an that could be desired, as every year brought fresh gains, and he hoped that the deliberation of that night would bring even a better result in the future.

The GENERAL SECRETARY was then called upon to submit his annual report which showed that the total worth of the Burial Society amounted to £2,601 115.4 d. compared with £2,470 13s. 9d. for the previous year, a gain of £l9O 175.7 d., and the numerical condition was 1331, compared with 1291 last year. In conclusion the Secretary urged upon the meeting the advisability of taking into consideration the lengthened periods of membership in the future. He said members deserved some recognition after they had loyally been with them from the formatiom of the Society, and if possible he thought they should give better benefits to its ordinary members Bro. Joseph Adams was elected President and Bro. Joseph Ashto vice-president fur the year,and a per- manent committee consisting of Messrs. John Jones, William Slevin, Thomas Miller, William Hall. John Haloy,David Harris, James Grealy. W. and O's are Frederick Massey, Henry Cook, Samuel Bradshaw, Henry Warburton.

A very lengthy agenda was gone through and the most important and interesting motion was the one asking the members to change their trading name from the Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds •to the Warrington Burial Society This, it is stated, has been brought about through the over-bearing conduct of the officials in connection with the order. Aunanimous vote was given in favour of the motion, and the votes of thanks concluded the pro- ceedings.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Lifeboat Saturday.

Elaborate preparations are in 'hand in connection with the demonstration on the sth Septembe which will consist of a lifeboat and crew (drawn by 6 horse,s), and numerous attractions including Morris dancers, &c. lathe evening at 730 a grand smoking concert will be given in the Drill Hall when a strong pro- gramme of local artistes will be submitted. The Secretary is 'Mr. Ernest A. Sanders. On the Bth October a Fancy Dress Ball will be held in the Parr Hall. The Committee are particularly fortunate in having obtained an excellent list of officials and especi- ally such an excellent Chairman as Mr. D. Davies who has rendered such valuable services in connection with the Warrington Cycling Club and the organization of Parades and Carnivals. In the course of the week an appeal will be made to the public and in the meantime the members of the Ladies Auxiliaty with the Mayoress as President are making a collection and so far have met With a liberal re- sponse. Seeing that it is five years since Warring- ton sent a contribution to the funds of the Institution it is hoped that the efforts of the local committee will be rewarded byi the realisation of a handsome sum.

CLOSE OF VISIT.—THE LAST WEEK.—On page 8 it will be seen that Mr. Lonsdale terminates his visit to 35 Bewsey-street. His Patent "Magnetaire " Appli- ances are well known, having accomplished many cures. The last day in Warrington is Saturday, August 22nd 1903,after which date his appliances cannot be procured in this district. Fresh local testimonials are added to his list this week.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CHAMBERLAIN'S TARIFF PROPOSALS.

MR. H. P. HUGHES.

We regret that owing to great pressure on our space this week, we have been compelled to omit a lengthy letter from Mr. H. P. Hughes in continuation of those we have previously published in this column.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
IVIR. W. P. RYLANDS' REPLY TO MR.

CROSFIELD.

The Case for Preferential Tariffs.

Alft. W. PETER RYLANDS writes :

It is one of the first principles of economics that the price of a commodity depends upon its scarcity or plentifulness in relation to its demand. Gold is as much a commodity as iron or wheat, and it is a purely arbitrary convention that gold has been selected as a universal medium of exchange. The value or price of gold measured say in wheat will therefore vary for exactly the same causes, and in precisely the same manner as the value or price of anything else. The effect cannot, of course, be detected in the price of gold measured in sovereigns, and in consequence it is not so obvious. None the less, variations do take place and are reflected by a general rise or fall in the prices of commodities measured in sovereigns. The value or purchasing power of gold will therefore like every other commodity depend upon the plentifulness or scarcity of the supply, or in other words upon the ease or diffi- culty with which it is obtained. If gold is obtained or earned easily by the members of a community, the pur- chasing power of a sovereign within that community will be low, and if wages and profits are, low, the purchasing power of a sovereign will be correspondingly increased.

In a previous letter I gave as a familiar instance of this phenomenonthealluvial gold diggings in Australia, lor the early days of the Kimberley Diamond Mines, when the ease with which gold was obtained was reflec- ted in the enormous price which had to be paid for everything. This proposition is important because so much nonsense is talked about the advantage of cheap- ness, arid about the purchasing power of a sovereign, 1 that it is well that anyone desiring to understand the difficult questions of political economy should realise at the outset thatthe cost of necessaries of life is merely relative, and the fact that the cost may be advanced as alresult of an alteration in the Fiscal Policy of a nation is notnecessarily an evil. A capital illustration of this was given by Mr. H. P. Hughes in your issue of the 25th July comparing the saving power of an American with that of an English workman, much to the disadvan- tage of the latter, and also the instructive case of the amazed Irishman when asked is. per dozen for eggs in England, which in Ireland he had been accustomed to buy for 6d. I have amplified this proposition somewhat at length, as Mr. Crostield still appears to have some difficulty on the point, or is it the advocate's objection to admitting anything ?

The effect of a small import duty upon foodstuffs upon the cost of living in relation to wages is one which cannot be absolutely predicated. I think, how- ever, it, is certain that a small import duty upon food- stuffs imported from countries other than our Colonies will have a very small effect, if any, upon the selling price. The wheat growing area within the British Empire is enormous, and the competition among duty free wheat would be quite keen enough to prevent the price appreciably advancing, and the Americans, in a manner quite familiar to manufacturers exporting to a protected country, would pay the greater part of the duty themselves. Ido not admit for an instant that the cost of Living would be increased at all, but in any case lam confident the increased cost would not be more than a very small proportion of the duty. This I understand is exactly the position taken up by Mr. Chamberlain, and is in accord with all experience, and common sense. The revenues derived from American and Russian foodstuffs would be employed in remitting taxation, for instance, on tea or tobacco, or available in any other way in the interest of the community. Any small increase in the cost of living might well be counter-balanced by reduced taxation in other directions, or if a suitable scheme could be devised, by a system of Old Age Pensions to the advantage of the working classes of this country. While therefore I believe the cost of living would be practically unaffected, and any revenue from taxed food would ben clear gain to the community, I am satisfied that even if the cost of living were increased, it would be more than counter-balanced by savings in otherres- pects.

It is impossible to dogmatize as to the effect of this policy upon wages. Han alteration in our fiscal policy results in increased demands upon our manufacturers, for which reason alone any alteration will be adopted the workingmen will derive the advantage. By far the largest proportion of the selling price of a commodity is wages, and if several millions per linnum are distri- buted among the working classes, lam sure they will notstop to discuss whether it is accomplished by means of anadvance, or of an increase in wages. It is an old saying that figures can be made to !prove anything, and Mr. Crostield appears to be a past master in this art. In your issue of July 11th he produced figures to show that we had 71 per cent of the total imports into Australia, whereas the official returns show, as I pointed out in my last letter our exports to Australia in 1900 were 211 millions out of a total import of 70 millions, or but a trifle more than 25 per cent. I then pointed out that the import trade of the Colonies amounted to 250 millions sterling per annum, of which 100 millions only came from this country.—Mr. Crosfield's next endeavour was to whittle away the importance of this 150 millions of trade at present secured by our foreign competitors. Ha com- mences by sweeping away India. Why on earth he should object to the inclusion of India I cannot imagine. India is our most important possession, with the largest population, and the greatest demand for our manu- factures. Any policy which is good for the Colonies will be good forllndia, and I should not have thought that it would have occurred to anybody that such an important factor as India should be omitted from the present consideration. In this way Mr. Crosfield reduces the 150 millions of available trade down to 50 millions, and then proceeds to show that the 50 millions is more than half raw materials and goods that we could not supply, and by means of some ingenious cal- culations he reduces the trade that we could possibly touch to about 10 millions sterling Mr. Crosfield's argument is ingenuous if not ingenious- and I must demur altogether to such special pleading. Of course, this country could not secure the whole of the 150 millions of trade. I have tbe details of the Imports into the Colonies before me. and while I can- not find much that can be properly styled raw material, there certainly is a cersidemble quantity of foodstuffs, etc.. which no doubt muct under any circumstances be drawn from the present source of supply. Making every allowance, howdver, there is undoubtedly a very large amount of trade indeed which we could handle, and I have little doubt my suggestion that such additional trade might even. reach 50 millions sterling would not be far short of the mark. It must however be borne in mind that in addition to the extra trade secured by this country, better prices would be obtained in re- spect of a large portion of the 100 millions of Colonial trade which we do at present, making the nett gain much larger than would appear at first sight, and further that the Colonial trade is continually expanding, and the British Colonies are unquestionably the great , markets of the future. By preserving the Colonial markets to ourselves it will be possible for us to hold , our own in future, in spite of the fact that the protec- tive policy of our competitors is rapidly closing to us the doors of the other markets of the World. In addition to these advantages to this country both immediate and prospective, theadvantage of developing' the wheat growing area of the Empire can hardly be under-estimated. Our dependence for food upon the good-will of certain foreign countries is regarded by many with apprehension in view of contingencies, the possibility of which must always be tome in mind. Further the world is rapidly getting filled up, and the day must inevitably come when there will be a difficulty in growing sufficient wheat for its population. To pro- tect our people against the pressure of that time it is only prudent to link our Colonies more closely to us and to develop the wheat growing area under our control.

This, Sir, I apprehend to be the CIS3 for Prefer- ential Tariffs,mad I submit the case is a strong one. The policy of Preferential Tariffs is the only policy which hae,.:as3yet, been put forward for our consideration. The details of carrying out this policy have yet to be ascer- tained, and I deprecate the method so much adoptei by the opponents to.this policy of raising all sorts of ob- jections and .difficulties in the way of carrying such a policy into effect in order to burke discussion of the main principle involved. As to the necessity of some policy to save the industries of this country I believe there is little question. When those responsible have elaborated the details of a scheme, it will be time for us to examine them in all their bearings. It is un- English to be afraid of difficulties, and although the difficulties will undoubtedly be great, I am confident that if it is the desire of the members of our Empire to arrive at some system whereby Imperial trade may be preserved as far as possible for Imperial Manufacturers, some satisfactory method of carrying such a policy into effect will be devised.

Before leaving the subject there are one or two specific points in Mr. Crosfleld's letter upon which I should like to write a few words. I was extremely sorry to see Mr. Crosfield quote at length from MY. Andrew Carnegie's unfortunate letter to the "Times.' That letter, a mixture of threats and entreaty, was couched in terms not at all calculated to fall sympa- thetically on British ears. Appeals of this kind come ill from a man whose enormous fortune has been built up by heavy protective tariffs in his country, sand by the practice of methods most hostile to Britain's trade, while threats could only have an effect quite contrary to the intention of their user. Much in Mr. Carnegie's letter, however, is entirely without foundation. The shipthents from Caaada through American ports depend upon treaties with America, the benefits of which to the

- latter are quite as great or greater than any derived by Canada. There is no doubt that the Americans would not dream of taking such an extreme course as that sug- gested by Mr. Carnegie for fear of consequences far too serious for them to contemplate. I am pleased to note that Mr. Crosfield seems to think that the conditions of the export iron trade of this country- require some special • consideration, and I welcome his agreement if only to that extent. He, however, follows his admission by statistics and figures which, to say the least are most misleading, although I do not suggest that Mr. Crosfield deliberately used them for this purpose. The profits of iron works cannot be de-severed from the profits of collieries. Most of the large iron companies in this country are coal owners. I have no doubt, therefore, that the figures heigives are the profits resulting from both iron and coal. It is familiar to all that in 1900 there•was a great boon in coal, with the result that coal owners after passing through many years during which they received little, if any, interest upon their capital, were able to secure about 10 or 12 per cent. The result of this was to inflate the profits from 1998 to 1900, and quite accounts for the increase shown in Mr. Crosfleld's figures. To select four firms such as the Consett Co. Caramel's, Vickers and J. Brown and Co., as typical of Iron Companies as a whole is quite unjustifiable. The Consett Iron Company own the best and easiest worked coal in the world, and are able to mine their coal at about half the cost of mining anywhere else. This special circumstance enables them to make profits on quite a different scale to any of their competitors Cammells, Vickers and Brown and Co., are makers of armour plates for warships. This is their chief busi- ness, and in this they entirely escape from the exigen- cies of foreign compatition. Firms of this kind cannot be. regarded in any sense of the word as representative of the iron trade in this country. I think if Mr. Cros- field will ask any iron manufacturer who has to deal with the ordinary iron trade, and meet the com- petitions of the Americans and Germans, he will hear a very different story. The largest iron and steel companies in this country of the type I have just mentioned have the greatest difficulty in holding their own, and only by the practice of the most rigid economy are they able to keep their figures on the right side. A well-known company in the North of England, one of the largest, best equipped and best managed firms In this country, within the last two years declared a substantial loss as the result of a year's work- ing. The tendency seems always for the worse, each depression is more severe than the one that preceded it, and while I do not admit that the English manu- facturer is deficient in enterprise, ability or determina- tion, I maintain that it is the act of a fool to shut the stable door after the horse has been stolen, and of a wise man to take time by the forelock, and set his house in order against the storms which the future inevitably has in store.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
SHERLOCK HOLMES AND THE MYSTERY OF THE MOTOR CAR.

Mr. C. E. PARKER. writes :

Sherlock Holmes (Sir Conan Doyle) has added to hi, widely known writings a mystery which appearha ti his own elucidation. The man who has unravelled for us so many tangled skeins, appears absolutely befogged in face of the mystery of the motor car.

A few weeks back in the" Spectator "he raised the difficulty, which was something like this—if I buy a motor car in France for £l,OOO does not my action re- sult in a less to British Capital and Labour of £1,000? The Editor of the" Spectator "who by the way is doing splendid service in the Free Spectator," cause, pointed out that this was not so inasmuch as the £l,OOO paid by Sir Conan Doyle to the French maker was paid. for not in gold but in English goods. That all trade was based on exchange and that money merely facilitated exchange. But our literary knight carmotsee this at all and to state his case in his own words :

"I am aware that it has been received as an axiom that trade begets trade, but that seems to me to be the very theory whioli is now upon its trial. Your correspondents both take the view'that my .£l,OOO is not lost to Great Britain, but that it returns in payment of British products. The benefit of a concrete case like this is that one might make an attempt to trace approximately the channels through which the money continues to flow. M. Panhard (the French motor maker) for example, pays in my cheque, and transfers my money eventually to his banking account. Some proportion of it is expended in the upkeep of his factory, which becomes a valuable taxable asset for the French government. The balance of the money is divided between the employers and the work- people. In the expenditure of the employers certain a rtic!es of British manufacture may have a place. In that of the workman, with his blue blouse, his via ordinaire, his sabots, and his own French outfit, there is very little that could come back to us. He saves some of the money, and it may go to the next Russian loan. Surely it would be a fair state- ment to say that of that £l,OOO not £2O would ever filter back to England. In the other case the whole £l,OOO is being devotei to the employment of our own people. Surely it is better to retain that certain £l,OOO within the country than to send it forth on the chance of some small proportion of it coming back in trade. It may be fairlyargned that this is a special case, and that the balance of trade asserts itself in larger transactions. We buy from America £100,000,000 worth of goods, and return £18,000,000. Where is the balance ?"

Thus we see the plot thickens, mystery is added to mystery. Where is the balance? What has become of this odd £82,000,000? Surely of all his "cases" the unearthing of this little difference should not baffle the power of -this detective king, and he should not find it a difficult task to discover the path of this hidden treasure.

But to return to the Mot % Car. One thousand pounds is paid to the French maker" who pays in m , cheque and transfers my money eventually to his bank- ing account" and then we are told what this money supplied by the banker does. But where it seems to me ISir Conan Doyle misses the point, and goes off on a i false scent, is n thinking that it is his actual money that goes to the French maker. The cheque is not money it is an instruction to some London banker to pay a IFrench motor maker £l,OOO in English coin or notes. lint the Frenchman does not want English money, could do nothing with it if he had it4-except to get rid of it for something more useful. The Frenchman takes his cheque to the banker, who will advance in French money the equivalent of one thou- sand English pounds,. What then does the banker do? He takes the draft, cheque, or bill, ' to the Clearing House' enters into communication with English banks who on their side have collected cheques bills, drafts, &c., upon Paris and the totals are balanced or "cleared." The balance, on either side, may be squared in bullion, or dealt with some other way. We see therefore that the money is only a means of facili- tating exchange, and that the motor car is really exchanged for something that English capital and labour has made, it is the other side of the exchange, a side which, by the way, most of your correspondents persistently ignore. But there is the question of the Balance of Trade which troubles Sir Conan Doyle. Suppose that instead of one a thousand English motorists buy French motor cars, we should then soon have in Paris an accumulation of bills, drafts, and cheques drawn on London, the re- sult would be that the balance against England would have to be liquidated in some way. At first bullion might play some part, but this would soon result in an accumulation of English gold, and its equivalent, in Paris, far in excess of ordinary requirements. The rate of exchange would be affected. In consequence of the abundance, the relation between the sovereign and the' French money would be altered, and if 25 francs were the exchange value in ordinary times, if the movement , were pronounced, e4sovereigni and everything that a sovereign is the measure of, might be exchanged for say 24 francs. Here then would be the Frencbbuyeef chance. If English goods measured by a sovereign, for which formerly he was paying 25 francs, can now be bought for 21 francs he gets in addition to his ordinary profit, the profit arising out of the difference of exchange, the result of Englishmen purchas- ing French motor cars. Thus imports beget ex- ports. A 'further consequence of the glut of gold in Paris, the Bank rate would be reduced, making money more plentiful and cheaper,and this would enable French buyers to hold stocks at less cost, and make them more disposed to buy. As soon as the French begin to buy, the accumulation of English gold, drafts and bills, which have been in excess in Paris begin to flow back to England in payment of the French pur chases, made additionally profitable through the differ ence of exchange.

So far we have considered the question from the French standpoint. Let us now look at the question from the English side. Here the position would be exactly reversed. In consequence of the drain of gold, the Bank of England would put up the rate to protect its reserve, and money would become dearer.lt would be more expensive to hold stocks and the tendency would be to realize. Naturally merchants and manufac- turers would seek their French customers who on account of the difference of rate of exchange could profitably buy, and the exchange of goods which we call trade thus aided by the position of money would right itself. Goods going to France and being settled for by the bills &c, waiting exchange, and the accumulated gold flowing back to England until normal conditions were once more restored. Thus we see how the ?voter cars which we supposed to have been bought in France would compel France to take our goods in exchange.We have consilered the question only as between the two countries France and England. The same principles hold good, however many countries may be trading together. But the greater number of countries trading together the less violent becomes the difference of exchange. In the case named above, the motor car or whatever causes the balance of trade, might be settled not directly between Bngland and France, but indirectly by a third country. England exports in excess to Turkey, Turkey may pay the excess to France and thus help to liquidate her obligation to England by paying off part of England's obligation to France. It is surprising how little bullion actually passes from one country to another, and the transfer of coin is by no means always to settle differences. If

===== 0002601_19030815_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19030815_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
every country in the world tried to exclude our goods and still continue to sell to us without buying they would find.the task utterly impossible, as the difference of exchange would enable English goods to climb all barriers.

P:S.—Since writing the above I have had sent to me an admirable pamphlet by Mr. Russell Rea M.P., part of which bears out what I have tried to make clear that I trust you. will find room for the following extract : Some years age when a period of bad trade was coming upon us, exports and employments were declining, but imports were still increasing I remarked to a friend, a large importer of provisions, that, unless things improved, imports would be checked. Being a practical man only, he ridiculed the idea, and said that he could always buy cheeses in Canada and sell them in Liverpool, whether I could export steel rails, or earn freights or not. A few days later the financial machine which holds the balance of international commerce began to work. Excessive payments being due to America,my friend found the exchange going against him • the sovereign for which he sold his cheese would not buy so many dollars and cents to pay for it, his profits began to be gut. Then the machine turned another screw,the exchange reached a point at which it was profitable to send out gold- for if we overrun the constable Mr. Seddon's gold sovereigns begin to go. Then, of course, the bank acted, the reserve had to be protected; up went the rate from 3to 4, 5 and 6 per cent. My. importing friend's profits had now almost gone.. Then dear

money forced weak holders to sell, and down v-vsen.l

them:ice of cheese in Liverpool. My friend iredn-c-e-d. • his shipments as much as possible, but lost much money." Thus the great machine works and keeps the interna- tional balance true.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

There have been so many draws as the resnit of the Warrington eleven's engagements that one really tires of chronicling them. There was another addition to the list on Saturday when the Warringtonians journeyed to Cheadle Huline. Batting first the visitors were well dismissed for 139 and when stumps were drawn Cheadle Hultne had compiled 47 for the loss of 2 wickets.

One party of Warrington players ought to be thankful that they were able to take part in the match at all. The conveyance in which they should have travelled to Cheadle Hulme collapsed on starting, and the occupants were, of course, thrown out. The cap- tain (Mr. Bibby) sustained several bruises but fortun- ately no one was seriously hurt, although all- ex- perienced a shaking. ,

In regard to the individual play the Warrington captain °deserves a full measure ,of praise for his highly creditable batting. He stepped in just at the critical moment and compiled 51 in faultless style. His best strokes included six fours.

In the batting department Teather did good service for the home team, capturing 7 wickets for 39 runs. For Warring,ton,Lynes took 2 wickets at a cost of 19- runs.

The second eleven had an easy task in defeating Cheadle Hulme second contingent, the majority in their favour being 78. The feature of the Warrington innings was H. Bennett's contribution of 48. W. M. Silcock and W. Bennett bowled with deadly effect Silcock capturing 4 wickets for 31 runs and Bennett a like number for 25 runs.

Sankey Wire Mills just mana,gad to get the best o the enciunter with Platt Bridge P.M., the margin being only 6 runs. Evans, who scored 12 not out, for Platt Bridge, was the only batsman to attain double figures.

Latchford Baptists gained a creditable victory over Grappenhall 2nd, the respective totals being 7-6 and. 48. J. Bibby (20) was the most useful batsman, and Conway was to the fore in the batting department, taking 5 wickets for 10 runs.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

The bowling handicap in connection with the Prince of Wales Lodge of Oddfellows will take place on Saturday, the 22nd August, on the green of the " Brooklands " Hotel, Lovely-lane, Warrington. In addition to the cup and medal given by Mr. A. H. Crosfield, there will be over 16 prizes. There are about 70 entries. The stewards elected are Messrs. Whitham, King and Sykes and referee Mr. T. Reddish The event is causing great interest amongst the Friendly Society members, and there is no doubt that if fine weather prevails, a record attendance will be made. The cup and medal are on view in the window of Dolan Bros. Horsemarket-street.

The annual main for the Presidents (Mr. A. H Crosfield) prizes takes place at the Liberal Club on Saturday, the 22nd August, when a:large entry will compete. The Club have been very successful in their matches this year and the finish of season will be wound up with a pleasanticompatition for the valuable prizes given by Mr. Crosfield

===== 0002601_19030815_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

On Saturday the weather was dull and threatening and only seven members took part in the Warrington Cycling Club's run to Delamere. Those who ven- tured out had a very enjoyable time. On Tuesday the weather was again anything but favourable but eleven members rode t 3 G-lazebury and spent a pleasant evening.. To-day the members will entertain the President at nester.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
Angling.

The Association contest, which takes place at Thel- wall to-day is expected to be a record event, and given fine weather there will be keen competition for the good list of prizes offered. Members should bear in mind thatouly those clear on the books will be allowed to compete or receive a prize. No entry from local -nembers will be received on the day of the contest.

It has been decided to take part in the Lifeboat Saturday Demonstration on September sth, when all the specimen fish that can be collected will be exhibited. Will members having any tackle to spare (both a:-..cient and modern) kindly forward it to the Secretary of the Association as early as possible so that they can be properly catalogued? Rods from 9to 11 ft. long will be preferred, and baskets, panniers, landing nets, gaffe. &c. are also required. Pike reds shouid be equipped with spinners.

The River Dee has yielded poor sport, only a few captures being reported- The Gowy at Tottenhall-road has proved a blank. The rumours of pollution a few weeks ago have evidently had some foundation. From Rossett and Llanymynech no reports have reached me.

The Bridgewater Canal maintains its good reputation this season.

Members are warned not to fish that part of the canal between Hough's Bridge and Halton Bridge, as com- plaints havd beed received from that quarter.

The Latchford .Angling Society fished their contest at Barrows Lock, Northwich, on the Bth inst. Fair sport was met with the winner, Mr. 0. Taylor, scaling 11b. 13drms. He was followed somewhat closely by Messrs. T. Chorley, W. W. Starkey, A. Holland, H. Craven, J. Owen. H. Green, H. Thornton, J. Alcock, The party, to the number or 28, drove in conveyances to the scene of operations, all taking part in the contest,. and-though the day was somewhat boisterous the out- ing was thoroughly enjoyed. The whole of the arrange- ments were carried out by Messrs. A. and I. Starkey, H. Green, and W. T. Crank, and complimentary remarks have been made of the order that characterized the whole of the proceedings. The prizes, to the value of £3 10s. will be distributed in due course.

The committee of the association regret to have to record the resignation of Mr. F. J. Emson as assistant secretary, and have to announce the appointment of M. W. Reddish, of 5, Belmont Avenue, Latchford, to succeed Mr. Emson. Mr. Reddish hopes that the same cordial feeling Mr. Emson has received from members of the Association, and from local anglers generally, may be extended to him.

The King Edward the VII. Angling Society fish their match at Vale Royal this week end.

The Committee of the Warrington Workingmen's Angling Association met at the Gladstone Arms lon, Church-street, on the 11th inst. when arrangements were made for the president's match at Waverton. It is re- quested that as many as possible will compete, The draw will take place as Mill Bridge at 4 o'clock a.m. Entries may be made at headquarters up to 9.30 p.m on the 15th.

Broken Cross will be the scene of operations for the Mersey Hotel Contingent next week end, and members are reminded to pay all dues and demands not later than. the 12nd inst.

The association Championship contest for the hand- some Gold,Medal presented by their esteemed chairman. will take place at Agden Bridge on the 22nd inst. Other valuable prizes will be offered and it should be borne in mind that only the 1.15 p.m. train from Arpley will be available for the match.

I

,;(4

~ 1 i ci I 1 r igii! I 1 1,-...i. c ,p 1 ..,. , :: i 1 • !I: ')" 'siai ill •• fs'• '''';'l‘ - ; i5,V,43 - i,:;.,1 , It ii., • 1 .:', ,',4 . :,, • . i . t)% •1 ,1 i p ..- IA s' i • • i ,'''' . a .•

===== 0002601_19030815_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BENEFITS OF SCIENCE

- - It is seldom that any discovery of science is such as will benefit all classes of people. Some of the greatest discoveries of the age, while they have proved directly oeneficial to thousands, have also, at least for a time, Injured other thousands. Even some of the best medi- cinal preparations, however much they may do to remove one class of disease, or suit some constitutions, at the same time either deepen the hold of another disease, or leave it entirely untouched, or if they benefit one class of patients, they may injure another. Now the great need of .the age is some scientifically arranged preparation which will cope effectually with the prevalent diseases of this country, which will be certain to do good when fairly tried, which will be equally adapted to the needs of the mer- chant and the workman, the professional man, and he who wins his bread by the sweat of his brow, the student, the clerk, the factory hand, the miner, and the roadside labourer. It should be, too, such a preparation a contains no injurious ingredients, and which may be taken with impunity by the weakly child, or the delicate lady, as well as by the stronger constituted man. Such a discovery would deserve to be called The Perfection of Medicinal Preparations, and would indeed be an Invaluable Boon to Suffering Humanity. Now this much needed boon has been found, has been tried, has been proved, and wherever proved, it has been found satisfactory. We refer to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, the Vegetable Tonic, which when once tried, has been always recommended, and has proved successful when all other medicine ' has failed to give rerief, and we may say further, that it has proved permanently beneficial, when other pre- parations at best only gave temporary relief. It is strongly recommended as The Best Remedy of the Age for Indigestion in its different forms, such as Sick Headache, Pains in the Side, Giddiness, Loss of Appe- tite, also for Nervousness and Nervous Disorders, Sleep- lessness, Neuralgia, Low Spirits and all kinds of Weakness. It has often proved very beneficial to persons suffering from great Weakness; either after an illness, long confinement to ill-ventilated rooms or any other cause. It strikes at the source of the Disease, removing the cause of the illness, and strengthens those parts as the system which have been wea.kesed by it, and therefore most liable to colds and other ailments. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters being purely vegetable, it isa Natural Tonic, and suited to all ages at all seasons of the year. It is everywhere acknowledged to be a powerful aid in restoring the body to a healthy state when deranged by disease. If you suspect that your health is beginning to fail, brace up your nerves, and fortify your constitution by taking now a course of this excellent Tonic, which is sold verywhere in bottles at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, but would any difficulty be experienced in procuring it, the proprietors • will forward same for the above prices. carriage free. Avoid Imitations. Whenpurchasing,see the name, " Gwilyna Evans," on Label,Stamp, and Bottle Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Com- pany Limited, Llanelly, South Wales.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

A MISERABLE WARRINGTON 11011 E.—A CHILD'S SHOCKING CONDITION. There was a bad case of child neglect at the Warring- ton Police Court on Monday, but taking all the circum- stances into consideration the magistrates felt justified in giving the defendant an opportunity of amendment. William Caldwell,labourer,Hamiltonrst was the defendant and he was charged with neglecting his four children in a manner likely to cause them unnecessary suffering and injury to health.—Mr. Browne prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., and said Caldwell earned 18s. per week. He had a son who earned 15s. The chief complaint of the Society was in regard to the child Lucy, aged two years and eleven months. Instead of weighing 27Ibs. she weighed only 141bs. and when Dr. Peacocke saw her,he immediately ordered to be taken to the Workhouse Infirmary. The bed on .whieh the child lay was covered with maggots.—lnspector Hackett said he had had the case under observation since 1901. When he visited the house on the 6th inst., in company with Mr. Frank Aukland he found three of the children were well nourished but badly clad. Their bodies were filthy dirty and their heads were verminous. The youngest child was very much emaciated and filthy dirty. The bedrooms andbedding were in a filthy state and an old cradle in which the youngest child slept was alive with maggots.—Dr. Peacocke gave evidence as to the condition of the child Lucy and said his opinion was that it had been insufficiently fed. The bedrooms were unfit for habitation and the cradle in which the youngest child slept was "one seething mass of maggots."—Evidence was also given by Mr. Frank Aukland, and Mrs. Bridge, milk dealer.—De- fendant, who is a widower, said that he had had diffi- culty in getting a suitable person to look after the children since his wife's death. He promised to obtain a woman's services if the magistrates adjourned the case.—With this understanding the Bench adjourned the case for a fortnight.

A SATURDAY NIGHT SCMTE AT LATCHFORD. Yesterday at the Warrington Police Court, before Mr. H. Roberts and other magistrates, Patrick Kennedy, a farm labourer, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Wash-lane, Latchford, at 11.35 on Saturday night and with assaulting John William Smith, an insurance agent, residing at 53, Wash-lane.—Smith stated that at 11.10 on Saturday night he was in his house and heard a disturbance taking place out- side. On going into the lane he saw the prisoner Kennedy and another man fighting. Kennedy knocked his opponent to the ground and another Irish- man kicked him. Someone shouted "Fair play. Let him get up," and the Englishman was allowed to get up. The Irishmen had in the mean- time obtained sticks and the Englishman escaped. Another man named Tickle was then attacked and knocked down. Whilst he was on the ground Kennedy and the other Irishmen belaboured him with a stick and a belt. Witness interfered and defendant struck him in the chest and kicked him about the legs. P.C. Burton came upon the scene and defendant again assaulted witness in his presence. He would not swear that defendant was either drunk or sober.—P.C. Burton said defendant was drunk and on being taken into custody struck Smith in the chest and licked him an the legs. Witness was obliged to handcuff Kennedy.—Sergeant Smith and P.C. Stewart gave evidence that defendant was drunk when taken to the Police Station.—For the defence Mr. Browne said that for a number of Saturday nights a number of loafers had been in the habit of waylaying Irishmen at the corner of Wash-lane. About three weeks previously Tickle attacked Kennedy and Mr. Bennett,a shopkeeper, had to interfere. Kennedy came from Warrington on a tramcar and was seen by the conductor and driver to be perfectly sober. In Wash-lane he was met by Tickle and a man namedCaldwelliwho told him that he would have to fight them. The men pulled their jackets off and hadijita fight and ilKennedy also had to fight another man. Someone hit defendant on the head with a stick and that was why the onlookers shouted "Fair play." Smith came out and pinioned Kennedy until P.O. !Burton arrived.— After hearing evidence the magistrates considered that defendant had already received sufficient punishment and dismissed both charges.—John Caldwell, another of the parties concerned was bound over and ordered to pay the costs for fighting in Wash-lane on the night in question.—Patrick Kennedy was then charged with assaulting James Tickle, Frederick-street.—Mr. Steel appeared for the complainant who alleged that defendant struck him about the head and body with a stick.—Com- plainant denied being a loafer and said he had never waylaid the defendant.—The assault was denied, but the magistrates fined defendant 20s.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

WEDNESDAY.—Before_ Mr. Birettall .(in the chair),

Alderman Monks and Smethurst.

.41441., DESERTION OF FAMILY.—James Butler, an ex-soldier, was charged with running away from the borough of Warrington, leaving his wife and four children charge- able to the Warrington Union. He pleaded guilty. Mr. Shearer, relieving officer, said the defendant left his wife and family in February and enlisted in the Army, Since that time they had been chargeable, and the cost to the union had been £l3. During the greater part of the time that he had been away defendant had been earning money, but had not sent a penny to his family. The wife was now very ill in the workhouse hospital, On defendant paying a down and promising to pay the remainder of the money, the case was adjourned for a month.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington P.S.A.

The usual meeting was held in the Co-operative Hall, Winwick-street, on Sunday, Mr. Whittaker pre- siding. Mr. Wadsworth gave two readings, which were greatly appreciated. An instructive address on '"lleChristian Race" was delivered by Mr. Higgin- son.

Moneyback

The way to do business is to .offer the buyer's money back if he wants it—provided, of course, that your goods are 'sure to suit. Your grocer sells Fels-Naptha . . in that way.

Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C

===== 0002601_19030815_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Maid

===== 0002601_19030815_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
ALTERATIONS TO LICENSED HOUSES.

Applications at Warrington.

It will be remembered that at the last Licensing ; Sessions the Warrington magistrates renewed the licences of a number of houses subject to certain structural alterations being carried out. The matter I was again introduced at the Police Court on Monday by Mr. A. Browne on behalf of Messrs. Greet:fall, Whitley and Co. He informed the !Bench that the alterations to the "Bird in hand," Bank-street, "Brewer's Arms," Winwick-street, and "Traveller's I Rest," Fennel-street, had been completed but at i some other houses the required improvements had not been carried out. As the magistrates made a stipulation that the alterations should be effected within six months he had to apply for an extension of time in a number of cases, through no fault of the com- pany but through the fault of different persons. In regard to the "Brickmaker's Arms," School Brow, the Bench suggested that the adjoining property should be purchased. The company had great difficulty in obtain- ing it, but ultimately succeeded, though not in time to carry out the alterations within Six months. It had also been found that the plans submitted in March could not very well be acted upon and they there- fore asked the Bench to approve fresh plans. , The effect of the new plans would be that three rooms would be provided instead of four, but would occupy exactly the same area as wasjoriginally mentioned. The object was to secure greater privacy for the tenant and his family, and the drinking rooms would be entirely separate from the domestic apartments. I The Chairman intimated that the Bench had already disoussed the plans in private. Continuing, Mr. Browne made similar applications in regard to the " Royal Oak Branch "and • Glassmaker's Arms "pointing out that the proposed alterations would give greater privacy to the tenants. In regard to thenew " Brooklands hotel," the tenant found that there was insufficient bedroom accommodation and the com- pany ask for.43ermission to provide two additional rooms 1 I Extension of time for alterations—he suggested until the Licensing Sessions in February—were asked for in respect of" The Gardener's Arms, " Adelphi Vaults," and Old house at home," in addition to the houses he had already mentioned. The magistrates having consultedprivately, the Chair- man (Mr. F. Monks), announced that they had granted an extension of six months in respect of The Gardener's Arms," Adelphi Vaults " and " Old house at home." The alterations to the "Royal Old Branch," and "Glassmaker's Arms" were also approved. In regard to the "Brook lands hotel "the Bench granted the application subject to the new rooms being kept strictly private. Mr. Browne said they would be used entirely for domestic purposes. The Chairman said the intention of the Bench was that the rooms should not be used as club roomsor any- thing of that description. It was suggested that the doors should be marked "private." The magistrates approved of the alterations to the "Brickmaker's Arms" subject to there being no clubroom. There was some discussion on the latter decision,Council- lorThornton stating that his intention was that the room should be entirely omitted from the plan. Dr. Fox: Is the room to be built as a bedroom or not at all? _ .

Councillor Thornton thought the room should not be constructed at all. . .

The Chairman: The decision of the Bench is that the alterations be agreed to, but there is to be no club-room.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
NO MORE MUSIC LESSONS. Perfect Pianos for Poor People.

Piano playing machines will soon bring perfect music within the reach of all. These machines are not "organs," but play any tune on an ordinary piano. Competition will bring their prices so low that every householder will be able to afford one. Children will no longer need the drudgery of Music Lessons. Some music teachers say the result will be to kill their profession. However, it is quite possible that

,- - , ~....„..,.. . .....:::::' ::•::::E::.,:,•:_,.,..--'''''' .... ~7:-......,..---- • ....::::::,:lcf . A, ~ 1 '',.. :: ;•:.. 1..... 101ir,

Music teachers will be ruined.

they should assist a teacher. For instance, Madame Lennox, the well-known teacher of music, at one time might have found the instrument of the greatest help. It would certainly have saved a little of the strength she had lost. But thanks to Dr. Williams' pink pills Madame Lennox is now quite able to play for herself. Interviewed by the "Manchester Weekly Chronicle" at her home at 2 Danny-street, Ardwick, Manchester, Madame Lennox said that the long and tiring journeys she had to take professionally were what told on her, and the time came when they quite pros- trated her.

"From a girl," she said, "I had suffered from anmmia. Music teaching is hard work, and ,not being strong I found it,too much for me. My nerves were shattered, and a short time ago I could scarcely crawl about, let alone give attention to my pupils and engagements. In London I was so terribly low-spirited and broken down that I went to stay at a farm in Derbyshire for twelve months." "Did that have any beneficial effect ?"

' No. When I went I was too weak to go upstairs, and had to sleep downstairs. I had fainting fits, and such attacks, of dizziness came over me that for weeks I was too weak to go over the farm. I went back to Loudon nearly ag bad as when I left, and then I found a cure in Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people. The pills did me good almost from the first. They seemed to put new life into me. My appetite and spirits returned, the dizziness stopped, and colour came to my cheeks. Now lam quite well and able to go on with my musical duties without feeling any ill effects of the overstrain that is, .I fear, a part of a teacher's life."

Weariness and -disgust- viith one's work arises more often than not from bad health. The energy needful to enjoy work depends on sound nerves, a good supply of blood, anda perfect digestion. Dr. Williams'pink pills contain within themselves what, in the stomach, makes new blood. They send health coursing through every vein. Anzemia, the curse of young womanhood, cannot exist where they are taken. They do not tinker with disease; they remove the causes of it. Poor blood— blood that has become poisoned by fatigue and bad con- ditions of life—is at the root of such ailments as rheu- matism, scrofula, eczema and other skin diseases, gout. and the ailments which women do not care to talk about. That is why these Pills have proved so success- ful in the cure of these things. Of course it is the genuine pills that cure. There is no longer any need to warn sensible people that the substitutes which some shopkeepers try to sell in place of them never cured any- thing. If they had, the world would have heard of the fact: everyone has heard of Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people and the cures they have effected, and all buyers who have anyrespect for theirhealth and pocket now take care to see Dr. Williams' name on the package. Dr. Williams' medicine company, Holborn-viaduct, London, will send the pills post free for two and nine- pence—six boxes thirteen and ninepence—if there is any difficulty in getting the genuine, and will be glad to have the name and address of any tradesman who offers substitutes. Nervous ailments such as St. Vitus' dance, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, and neuralgia; and disturbances of the stomach like biliousness and indiges- tion, have been as promptly cured by these pills as the other diseases named.

Play as well as work needs good health for its enjoy- ment. ' Without it, the Piano playing machines, soon to be brought within the reach of all, could give as little pleasure as the Music Lessons they will supersede.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
OLDEST ODDFELLOW DEAD.

An interesting figure in the social life of Derby passed away on Thursday in the person of Mr. John Hill who on February 28 last completed his hundredth year, and who possessed the distinction of being the oldest Oddfellow in the world. ' The old gentleman, who was a retired bookseller, was the recipient of many con- gratulations on his last birthday, which he oelebrated by distributing £l5O amongst various local charities. He became ill on Monday, and passed quietly away on Tuesday morning, the cause of death being senile decay. His claim to be the oldest Oddfellow in the world was well founded ;he was initiated in the Loyal Edwin Lodge at Alfreton in 1823, and on that lodge becoming defunct was transferred twenty years later to the Spring of Love Lodge at Derby. He was a teetotaller and non-smoker. Ile was an old-fashioned Radical, and up to the last never tired of discussing the horrors of the days of Protection.

The famous White Star liner Britannia went on her last voyage on Tuesday. At noon she was towed out of Belfast Harbour, where she had been lying since December, by the powerful Hamburg tug Roland, for Bremen, where she will be turned into "scrap." She was built in 1874.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
DIRECT FROM LEmoNt.

"Amongst the necessities of a household, as a wholesome beverage . . . cannot be surpassed."

That is Dr. Andrew Wilson on CANIZNIDCE LEMONADE 5:1-d. per Ez:tt!c. Le2.ding Cocos.

cm:7.ns & BM, LTD., HISTON, CAMBRIDGE.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, AuguA 15, 1903.

MUNICIPAL TRAD:':I

TOWN COUNCIL SANCTIONS AN

INQUIRY.

A Warning from Councillor

F. R. Roberts.

The Amendments Last.

The Warrington Town Council has at length de- cided to hold an inquiry into the trading transactions of the Corporation for the past seven years. The soheme drawn up by the joint committee of the Town Council and the Non-Trading representatives was on Tuesday evening accepted in its entirety. Councillor F. R. Roberts moved the amendments of which he had given notice and found a seconder in his brother, Councillor William Roberts. This was all the support the amendments received with .the exception of one relating to the inquiry being open to the public and the press. This was suPported by Alderman Bennett,

but was lost, only three voting for it. THE PROPOSED SCHEME. Councillor TINNION moved:—

(1) That an inquiry be held into all trading by past and present members of the Council or officials of the Corporation with the Corporation, either direct or indirect, through limited companies or officials of such companies, or as contractors or sub-contractors, or any dealings or transactions of any kind whatever between members of the Town Council or officials of the Corpora- tion and the Corporation. (2.) That the inquiry shall be made by six persons to c be alled Commissioners, three of whom shall be selected by the Town Council and three by the members of the Non-trading Committee. That each side shall agree to the persons selected without demur, and that neither side shall appoint a. lawyer. _ _

(3) Thaahe period Of inquiry shall be from the Ist of April, 1896, to the 31st March, 1903. (4) That the costs of the inquiry shall be borne by the Corporation, and that the Commissioners shall receive no remuneration.

(5) That the Commissioners shall have power to call anybody and everybody,whether a member of the Council official or servant, contractor, sub-contractor, or other, person, to give evidence or information touching the inquiry. (6) That the Commissioners shall have power to call for every minute book, and every book, paper, and document of the Council and of any and every com- mittee to be at the service of the Commissioners, or of such clerks or assistants as are acting for the Com- missioners.

(7) That any person who desires to give evidence (one way or the other) shall be allowed to do so, pro- vided that such evidenoe has, in the opinion of the Commissioners, a direct bearing upon the matter to be inquired into. (8) That the Mayor shall give a written indemnity to any witness, being an employs of the Corporation, and requiring it, in respect of any truthful evidence he may give. (9) That neither the public nor the Press be admitted •to the sittings of the Commissioners. (10) That a shorthand report of the proceedings shall be taken by such persons as the Commissioners may appoint. (11) That the Commissioners shall report their find- ings to the Town Council and the Non-trading Com- mittee.

In moving the adoption of the foregoing scheme of in- quiry which was recommended by the Joint Committee Councillor Tinnion pointed out that it originally stood in the name of Alderman Bolton, but the Alderman withdrew his motion as a protest against the action of the Council in deciding to adjourn the matter for a month in order that Councillor F. R. Roberts might

move some amendments. He (Councillor Tinnion) thought Alderman Bolton carried the protest too far and committed what he considered a breach of confidence between Councillor Evans aud himself (Councillor Tinnion). The reason he (Councillor Tinuion) adopted the resolution was because he felt that while the reso- lution was put down in the name of Alderman Bolton it was equally the resolution of Councillor James Evans and himself. Therefore he thought Alderman Bolton ought not to have given up the resolution in a fit of temper or disgust without consulting the other repte- sentatives of the Council on the Joint Committee. Alderman BOLTON: Get on with the resolution,never mind attempting to lecture me.

_ . Councilloi Ttinatox :I am not attempting to lecture man said they could accept no pay. A man who was ) • - you. Continuing he said the duties of the Joint Com- appointed to do the right for the public must be above mittee were defined in the resolution of March last suspicion. To be above suspicion there must be no pay which tread as follows "that the Municipal Non-Trading to the Commissioners or they would lay themselves Committee be requested to appoint threerepresentatives open to the charge that they were dragging the to confer with three members of the Town Counctl,with inquiry on in order to put fees into their pockets the object of idovising the form and extent of an inquiry If he were appointed he might lay himself open to the into the alleged illegal and immoral trading which will charge that he was receiving money in some other be acceptable to both parties." Looking generally at manner, probably like Mr. Bennett did inhis auditing. the resolution which they divided into eleven (Laughter.) He believed there ought to beno remuner- clauses he might say that he did not agree ation under the circumstances. What ii-as this inquiry? with the whole of the clauses. It seemed The first question he asked:was, "What is the basis of the to him rather unfortunate that he should be in the inquiry ?" "Do you want an inquiry for political position of proposing this motion whenhe did not agree purposes?"—"No." "Do you want an inquiry for with the whole of it, but he did not disagree with it to criminal purposes?"—" No." "Do you want an inquiry such an extent as to wholly disagree. He was deter- to see whether there is illegal trading going on or do mined to have this inquiry. If he could not get what he you want to put an end to it in the gture?' —"To put wanted theahe must get what his colleagues thought an end to it in the future." Then he said "You don't was the best for the Council. He might say that the want any lawyers." That was the reason why he held a resolution practically embodied the most reasonable private inquiry to be the most useful. They did not terms that they could get from the Non-Traders. Some want to see a report in the newspapers of a witness might be disposed to say "What right have we to take saying that Mr. So-and-So had injured him in his busi- note of the Non-Traders?' The Non-Traders affirmed ness or his reputation. They wanted to stop something that they had the ratepayers at their back, which was either illegal or immoral. They did not Councillor DODDS : So they have, want a public inquiry; a private inquiry would furnish Councillor TL.NNION : Really lam very glad you are all that was wanted. A reporter would be going to second it. Therefore you might wait a few present to furnish a verbatim note of the proceedings. minutes. Continuing he said the Non-Traders claimed A report would be presented to the Town Council on that they had the majority of the ratepayers behind the finding of the Commissioners and the Council and them. (Hear, hear.) Well he did not say they had not Non-Traders would act accordingly. f the Council and he did not say they had. They might have in some wanted to satisfy this town and get rid of the ill-feel- matters but he did not think the ratepayers were pre_ ing which existed and the bad name which the town pared to swallow without considering every proposal had got, they would have to do something more than that might be brought forward. (Hear' hear.) He felt split hairs about nothing. They would, in fact,support that the ratepayers' wishes ought to have some weight an inquiry on the lines laid down. He was under the with him and the result of the two recent elections had impression that it could be carried out and hoped the convinced him that the Non-Traders had a right to say Council would agree to the suggested scheme of what the scope . of lithe inquiry should be. inquiry. _ He recommended the motion for the acceptance of the Alderman Surrox said he did not intend to give e Council because it was the only ground on which the vote on this question, either one way or the other, be- Joint Committee could come to something like an cause he did not know that he need fear, whatever might agreement. Looking at the clauses generallyhe thought be the result. (Hear, hear.) If he were allowed everybody would admit that the first clause was broad to give a little advice he would say "If we and wide enough for anybody and covered every kind of are to have an inquiry let us have an inquiry trading. With regard to clause 3, he objected in com- by an independent tribunal." (Hear, hear.) It mittee to the inquiry covering a period which included would be a mistake on the part of the Non-Traders or Mr. J. Charlton Parr's term of office as Mayor but after that Council if anyone were appointed who had any consideration he thought that Mr. Parr's action had feeling in the matter. The tribunal should be a per- been so honourable and straighforward that no inquiry fectly independent one because in that case it would which extended over any period of his office could undef give satisfaction to the ratepayers' it would give antis. any possible circumstances reflect in any way upon him. faction to those who were accused, and nobody could Therefore he agreed to the clause. Clause 4 referred to have any objection. What would be the result if either rather an important matter and proposed that the costs the accused or the accusers were members of the tribunal of the inquiry be borne by the Corporation, and that and were to undertake the cress-examination of each the Commissioners receive no remuneration. It Was other? What would be the case if a prosecutor or a possible that some members of the Council would be libeller of a good man's character were to be chosen as appointed Commissioners to conduct the inquiry and judge and to give a verdict in a case of that sort? To these could not-Le.ve their expenses paid at all. There- all Englishmen who always loved justice the verdict fore while it was possible that there might be some who would simply be received with scorn and contempt, could not have their expenses paid it was desirable that Whatever the result let there be an inquiry. He could they should all be put on the same footing. notunderstand why there had not been an inquiry. Clause 5 relating to the calling of witnesses (Laughter.) He could not see why it was that the Non- was a very reasonable clause but personally Traders had objected to an independent and competent he did not think it went far enough. He thought arbitrator in the matter. But if it was that they clause 6 would meet with everybody's approval because would have someone on their own side if they were going to have an inquiry all the books and then he said let there be an inquiry to papers of the Corporation should be at the service of put down all this misunderstanding which seemed to the Commissioners. With regard to clause 7, allowing have taken possession of the people of the town. The any person who desired to give evidence to do so, he sooner the question was decided the better would it be was assured at the time that this clause was so wide not only for every member of the Council but every that any person who liked to come forward and give ratepayer in the town. He would strongly suggest that evidence' or who desired to give evidence against any someone should be appointed who would consider the statements made publicly during the last 18 months, matter independently and without any feeling whatever could do so. At any rate, there was no desire to as regarded one side or the other. restrict the action of the Commissioners in thatrespect. Councillor DODDS: When you have on the agenda He objected to the proposal in clause 9 which specified certain resolutions, and amendments are proposed, is it that neither the public nor the press should be admitted not a fact that you can only discuss the resolutions to the sittings of the Commissioners, but rather than while the amendments are on? I can quite see it may take the responsibility of wrecking the scheme he be the intention to have another adjournment. -- agreed under protest to have the clause put in. There I The Mason: I am advised that the amendments seemed to be an impression abroad that the six members must be discussed with the resolutions. of the Joint Committee who drew up these resolutions Councillor Donng: Mv view then is the correct one. were likely to be the Commissioners appointed. So far Councillor PEACOCK: -I should like Councillor F. R. as he was concerned he did not understand that to be Roberts to put his amendments before us so that we Can the instruction of the Council and so far as discuss the whole question. he was concerned he had had quite suffic- Alderfuan Bexteerr said he was prepared to sit until lent of it and he oould not see his way to accept midnight to avoid another adjournment. the. position of a Commissioner. There was a suggest- THE AMENDMENTS. tion that the Non-Trading party might appoint as Councillor F. R. ROBERTS said he had been waiting members of the Commission some gentleman, or pro- bably more than one gentleman, who had been to a con- very patiently for an opportunity of moving his amend- mente. Hereally began to be suspicious whether the siderable extent mixed up with the agitation. If the Non-Trading party did so it was no business of his. If Council was not anxious to stop him from speaking at nth He was just as anxious to discuss his amendments they chose to do so, well and good. He supposed they fit and as they were to discuss the resolutions. He would con- had a perfect right to choose whom they thought tent himself with moving hisamendments with as few with their choice went their responsibility. If the - The amendments Non-Traders chose somebody who in the eyes of the words as was absolutely necessary. e were as follows:— public of Warrington as going to assume the position M Strike out the second sentence of Clause 2 and of accuser and also the position of u-ge -- i d the• insert the following in its place:—"Provided that no responsibility rested with them. It did not rest with I person shall be eligible for Commissionership who is him (Councillor Tinnion.) Therefore he acceded to known to have brought charges of illegal or immoral their strong desire and strong expression of opinion I trading against a member of the Corporation. that they should t appoint whomsoever they liked as I . " (2) Add to Clause 5 :—"Provided that the Corn- Commissioners. If the Non-Traders did appoint a gentle- i man who had taken up the ilosition of accuser it would nussioners shall inform any perscn against whom evid- eiice of improper trading has been given of the nature be almost as bad as the Council appointing someone , who might be accused to act on their behalf. He wished of the evidence, and shall supply to him the name or namesv of the witness or witnesses (if any) who has or to dissociate himself with the reflection which was con- ,; !he given such evidence, and the person so charged tamed in the words "neither side shall appoint a with improper trading shall have the right to call for lawyer." It suggested that lawyers were unfitted to occupy the position of a Commissioner. Personally ho' • the production of and to cross-examine by himself or his should think there was no body of men who by their solicitor or counsel such witness or witnesses, and the , right to call for the production of all documents con- training and the bent of their minds in every possible I taming such evidence,and shall be entitled to produce way, were more fitted to be on this Commission, pro- vided it was thought to be desirable by the Council to ' his own witnesses and evidence, and if any witnese shali decline to attend and be cross-examined as aforesaid hi' have a lawyer. He should also have preferred that there evidence shall be rejected by the Commissioners." should be a chairman of the Commission in the first , (3) For Clause 9 read :—"The inquiry shall be in instance but when he found that five of his colleagues public, and the Pressshall be admitted. I

===== 0002601_19030815_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
were against it he gave way. In all the objections he took he generally stood by himself. Councillor DODDS : Are you opposing them now? Councillor TINNION : No but I think it is desirable that I should give these explanations. In conclusion Councillor Tinnion said it was most desirable that they should have an inquiry, and an inquiry on the lines of the resolution. He thought it could be improved. It was for Councillor Dodds and the Non-Traders to say whether they were prepared to improve it. If the Non- Traders thought it could not be improved he was pre- pared to vote for it. Councillor Donns said he formally seconded the adoption of the 11 resolutions' in harmony with the arrangements come to between the three Council repre- sentatives and the three non-trading members of the Joint Committee, but, as representing the Non-Trading . . _ _ .

Association, he desired to indicate ii a sentence or two their attitude in relation to the resolutions. They would vote against any amendment or alteration whatever of the resolutions. So far as the Non-traders were concerned they stood by the resolutions the whole resolutions, and nothing but the resolutions. (Hear, hear.) The majority of the Council authorized three of their num- ber to agree with the representatives of the Non-Trading Committee as ta the form and scope of the pioposed inquiry. They came to a definite agreement. The Non- Trading Association had honoured the work of their representatives by loyally and unanimously approving the joint resolution. It was now for the Council to support their chosen three. They would do so or not at their periL. .

Councillor WILLIAM ROBERTS: Theepistol again. Councillor DODDS (continuing) said the Non-Trading members realised that the members of the Council were

the great majority there, and that the Non-Trading members were at present but a small and insignificant section, but they had the consciousness that behind them were the great body of the ratepayers. Last November they won a signal victory, since November they had filled - every vacant seat, and he .heard now the echoes of the victorious shouts of the thousands who witnessed the triumphs achieved in the Howley and St. John's Wards only a few days ago by Mr. Horrocks and Mr. Thornton respectively, and in his mind's eye he sawn few weeks hence, 11 or 12 weeks at most, the final triumph of the cause, a victory which would enable them to have such an inquiry as should satisfy the people whose servants they were and whose

_ . . courageous loyalty to them they would never forget. (Hear, hear.) Alderman BpuroN said personally a little explanation was due from him for the manner in which he withdrew the amendment at the last meeting. He thought then—

and he thought so still—that t7he Councirwas very unfair to allow an adjournment so that amendments could be placed on the agenda, without hearing him. He did not know why. Probably they sent the wrong man. (" No, no.") He certainly went to the meetings of the Joint Committee with an unbiassed mind, determined that if an inquiry was to be held it should be held, and they would not cavil about such minor questions as to whether someone was right or wrong. He was determined to have an inquiry so as to be able to get at facts. If thore was_ anyone to be _

pu nisked wiajhad done something criminal they ought to be punished, but so far as the Joint Committee was concerned that was a matter of detail. The three representatives of the Council had a very thankless job, and represented an unknown quantity. They were told to get out the basis of an inquiry which would be satis- factory to the Non-Traders. 'They were not told that it must be satisfactory to the Council. The question of an inquiry had been flouted by the Council. The first inquiry which was proposed would have been a better one, but it was not accepted. Probably they had get one a little more stringent, but if carried out on right lines it would be found workable. The first clause spoke for itself and provided for a thorough and exhaustive inquiry. The amendments savoured of a lawyer. They did not want an inquiry held on the lines that a lawyer would wish to hold it. A lawyer was paid to do the

best he could for his client, N;hether right or wrong, and if he was on the wrong side he would make it last as long as he could. A learned judge had said that a lawyer was paid to raise false issues. (Laughter). Councillor F. R. ROBERTS: I rise to a point of order. Alderman BOLTON: lam not talking about you, _ .

Councillor P. R. ROBERTS: Hay I point out this is not a case of a lawyer advocate or a lawyer judge, but one who according to the resolution is to have no pay. Alderman BOLTON: Have you done? (Laughter.) Proceeding the Alderman contended that legal assist- ance was not necessary. He thought the Corporation ought to pay the cost of the inquiry because the Cor- poration was the cause of it. Discussing the question of remuneration to the Commissioners, the Alderman said it was suggested that they should be paid, but the Non-Traders came to them and said: "We are the purity party, we are the gentlemen who never did anything wrong, we are above suspicion, we want to do it for the public good." That being the case he (the Alder- ..

===== 0002601_19030815_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Those who had studied them, Councillor F. R. Roberts observed—if there were any who had done him the honour of.stuclying them carefully—would observe that they were framed upon three welt-known principles of English law. They were not *nly principles of English : law but they were also principles of natural law and natural justice. Briefly they were these, in the first 1 insta.ace'he objected, and he thought he should carry with him every fair minded man in Warrington— (Laughter from the general public at the far end of the; Council Chamber.)

Councillor F. R. ROBERTS: Mr. Mayor I appeal , through you to the gentlemen behind to give me a fair ; hearing (Hear, hear.) I shall not say one impertinent ! word. These gentlemen's characters are not many way at stake and if they are Englishmen they will see that a ; man who is trying to get English fair play gets it. I (Laughter.) lam rather surprised to see one of our I newly-elected Councillors(Mr. Horrocks)smiling at it. I Councillor LORD: Surely Mr. Mayor we have a right to smile at him. (Laughter.) the last meeting of the Council when it was stated that Councillor F. R. ROBERTS (continuing his speech) said they were bound to accept the resolutions, that it was he objected to theproposed constitution of the tribunal presenting a pistol at the heads of the members. Conn- because there was no modification with regard to the cillor Dodds then got up and said the Non-Traders did nature or the standing or the character of the persons not make any such claim. To-night he had got up and who were to be nommated by the Non-Trading Corn- said that the Non-Traders would accept nothing less mittee. He objected to that because like Alderman than the resolutions. Sutton and others, he had heard that it was the intention j Councillor DoDDS : My association have c:ecided of the Non-Trading Committee to nominate three gentle- upon this action since that meeting. men on the Commission, each of whom had gone out ' Alderman BENNETT : And probably since the of his way to make a personal attack upon himself , elections. (Councillor F. R. Roberts.) Councillor DoDDS : Before the elections. I Councillor DODDS : We have not once mentioned Alderman BENNETT : The result of the elections has ' names for this purpose. been to increase the stringency of your resolutions, re- Councillor F. It. ROBERTS: That does not meet my gardless of whether they are right or just. argument. So long as the Council has no vote upon Councillor Dorms: Probably the next will be more the appointment of these three gentlemen it is open for stringent. the Non-Trading Committee to appoint the gentlemen ' Alderman BENNETT : lam prepared to stand up for to whom I have alluded. I think that is likely to be what I believe to be justice and fair play in spite of so and it is likely that Mr. Norbury Williams, Mr. popular clamour and in spite of elections. (Hear, hear.) I Dodds and Mr. Pemberton will be the Commissioners I have not given a party vote in this chamber and lam appointed by the Non-Trading Committee. I not going to be the humble slave of the Non-Trading Councillor Dorms: We won't say. I Association. Of course I shall be taunted with saying Councillor F. R. RoBERTS : Then if you won't say I that because I amen Alderman. Youhave your remedy shall plead it as possible. I and if you think I don't act justly, and fairly and Councillor DoDDS : I shall not be one. I reasonably you can turn me out and I will bow to your Councillor F. R. ROBERTS: I am going to assume decision and go. I have never been the slave of any that you will be. party, and lam not going to respond to the crack of Councillor DODDS : I shall not be. the whip now.

Councillor F. R. ROBERTS: Seeing that these three are possible candidates, I contend lam in order in objecting to the resolution as it stands. Allow me to point out with regard to these three gentlemen, taking Mr. Norbury Williams first, that a few months ago Mr. Williams alluded to a resolution passed by this Council for the hearing of these very charges. That resolution had been passed at the suggestion of Mr. Councillor Tinnion. What does Mr. Norbury Williams say about me in alluding to this proposed inquiry. His words are very short, and I will read them. He says : "The fact that Councillor Tinnion was the mover was enough to condemn the whole thing to start with. (Applause.) But there was another thing that condemned it and put another black mark on it—a very big one—and that was that it was seconded by Councillor F. R. Roberts. (Laughter.) Councillor F. R. ROBERTS observed that those remarks were made within a few days of the passing of the resolutionand yet Mr. Williams did not take the trouble to inquire whether he (Councillor F. R. Roberts) seconded the resolution or not. As a matter of fact it was seconded by Councillor Wilkinson. Mr. Williams went on to say

"They knew Councillor F. R. Roberts and so did he. (Laughter.) He was one of the dauntless three —one of the men on the bridge. (Renewed laughter.) He seconded the resolution, and that was enough to condemn it. If it had been moved by an angel, that was enough to condemn it. If the inquiry rested on two pillars, of which Councillor Tinnion was one and Councillor F. R. Roberts another, God help the inquiry!" Councillor DODDS : I submit this is entirely out of order. I have distinctly said that we have not decided upon anyone, and to introduce these names in this con- nection is entirely out of order. (Hear, hear.) The MAYOR: I think names ought to be excluded. I must say they have not been brought in. Councillor F. R. ROBERTS: lam trying to show that as the resolution stands there is nothing to preclude these gentlemen from sitting on that tribunal. Though Ido not altogether agree with your ruling I will sub- mit to it. I will utter a word of warning to those three gentlemen. In spite of my character for being fond of threatening to issue writs I want to be very candid and honest. Ido not want to take them unawares. My amendments and conduct through this proposed inquiry have been conducted, advised, seconded and altogether ar ranged upon the advice of one of the leading counsel in England and I want to tell these three gentlemen that if they presume to sition this inquiry or if any other gentleman who has made charges against members of the Corporation does so, they will be liable not merely to damages— Councillor Donos : This is entirely out of order. Councillor F. R. ROBBRTS : Not at all. Councillor DODDS : You say "These three gentle- men "

Councillor F. R. ROBERTS: I am speaking to my amendment. A MEMBER: He is giving a warning. Councillor F. R. ROBERTS: lam giving a warning to every man who has made charges. My amendment is that no man who has made charges shall be put upon this tribunal and if you do put such men upon this tribunal you do so with your eyes open. Continuing Councillor Roberts pointed out that any person signing a report alluding to any member of the Council in tams that were slanderous or of a derogatory nature was liable not only to proceedings for damages far any insult or injury that might reeult but he might also find himself landed into proceedings for criminal conspiracy. Let them distinctly understand what they were doing. The greatest objection he had to the whole of the resolutions was that although the resolutions provided that the Commissioners should have power to call anyone they liked, there was no pro- vision anywhere that anyone against whom charges had been made should have the right to attend and refute those charges, and there was no provisioa that they should be acquainted with the charges. There was no right given to a man to know what charges had been made against him. If that was so how could he come before a tribunal and answer them? In fact here they had a tribunal half composed of men who had made the charges, and they defied the right of every man under English law to know precisely the charge made against him; to be present when it was made; or•to give evidence to rebut the charges. If he might repeat the words of counsel whom he consulted: Are we back

again to the days of the inquisition; are we back again to the days of medieval times? Do these gentlemen think that English law will tolerate things of this kind?" He (Councillor F. R. Roberts) warned thore me mbers of the Council who were members of the Non- Trading Committee not to vote for these resolu- tions at all, because they were voting in the capacity of members of the Non-Trading Committee and members of that Council. He would also warn any gentleman who might be tempted to sit on this tribunal and who made charges, of the consequences that might ensue. To be forewarned was to be forearmed. He was content to leave his amendments, believing that after all there was in every Englishman an inherent love of fair play which would not allow anyone to be denounced, condemned and then tried by the very men who had made the charges against them. He could not think that would commend itself to the sense of justice of any man now that the unwisdom, unkindness and nn- righteousness had been put clearly before them. (Hear, hear.) Councillor WILLI4m ROBERTS seconded the amend- ments.

A MEMBER: Hav'nt you given a party vote to the Conservative Party? I Alderman BENNETT : No never for the Conservative party—l have refused to follow any party. ' Councillor PIERPOINT: Have you never toed the line? (Laughter.) Alderman BRNNErr : I have never toed the line unless I have been convinced that it was right. Con- tinuing Alderman BENNETT said Councillor Dodds had asked him when he was going to have done sittinc, on the fence. He held an impartial mind without any feur of intimidation, and he was going to act on that prin- ciple. He was in favour of an inquiry, and had voted for it from the first. He could not vote against it from the first, although he felt the scheme of inquiry was thoroughly unfair and unjust. He was not afraid of the inquiry in spite of the little interjection of Alderman Bolton with reference to his position as auditor. He was prepared to go before a tribunal for anything he had done, because he had no other motives except those ef serving his town. The resolutions which were pro- posed gave an opportunity for packing this tribunal with accusers on one side and accused on the other. Could they imagine that any such tribunal would

arrive at a Conclusion that would calm the minds of the town and stay the agitation. Really it looked as Ef the leaders of the agitation were afraid of the inquiry and were trying to attach impossible conditions so that nothing would come of it. (Laughter.) Alderman Bennett proceeded to severely criticise some of the resolutions, and asked was it fair that Alderman Sutton, who had devoted 30 years of his life in the ser- vice of the Corporation, should be hauled in his old age before a packed tribunal and tried in the dark on charges which to say the very least had the flimsiest of foundations. If they were to have an inquiry it ought to be fair and impartial, and one likely to be final. Councillor JAMES EVANS said there were one or two points one was forced to notice, especially as he was one of the six persons who drew up the scheme of inquiry. He took it that if the resolutions were passed the names of the Councillors would be submitted to the next meeting for approval. Councillor DODDS : The names of the Town Council representatives will be submitted for approval. Councillor JAMES EVANS: I Will take it from the Mayor. The MAYOR : The Council will be asked to confirm the selection of the three Commissioners selected by the Corporation. Councillor DODDS: You will submit your three members and we will submit ours. Councillor JAMES EVANS (continuing), said the ques- tion of a public or private inquiry was discussed not upon the grounds of secrecy or expediency but upon the grounds of efficiency. If this was to be a public in- quiry into which people could enter at their own con- venience and hear part of the evidence given, or in connection with_which only a part of the evidence was _ . _

Councillor PF,MBERTON said they seethed to have travelled a little away from this question of an inquiry, or several members had got a wrong conception of it. This inquiry was not a prosecution. (Hear, hear.) It was not a question of putting a man on his trial. It was an investigation and he took it everyone was aware that if something of a criminal nature was found out there could not be a prosecution, because the offending member would be covered by the lapse of time. When a member of a Council had committed

printed, it would not be fair to the parties concerned The object in having a verbatim report was that the. public might have the whole of the evidence published without comment. They were sent there to do the business of the town. (Hear, hear.) The clauses that constituted the basis of the inquiry had been submitted to the general body of ratepayers by the Non-Trading party. (" Yes.") Councillor William ROBERTS: Not a bit of it. Councillor James EVANS : Somebody else says "yes." These resolutions were made public property before the last elections took place. • Councillor William ROBERTS : How &any read them? Councillor James EVANS : I can only say that they were public property and that the basis of this inquiry influenced the voters in St. John's ward. Councillor William ROBERTS: Money. Countillor James EVANS : That is your opinion. They voted and gave their man a very handsome majority I take it as a public acknowledgment of the basis of the settlement of the inquiry. Councillor F. R. ROBERTS: Right or wrong I suppose,. 'Councillor JAMES EVAN: Tam not judge. The MAYOR: May we avoid these incerravtions ? (Hear, hear.) Councillor JAMES EVANS : l!he decision of the rate- payers is that an inquiry on this basis will satisfy them. So far as I am concerned itwill satisfy me. Councillor WILLIAM ROBERTS: Anything will. Councillor JAMES EVANS : How do you know? A MEMBER: Take no notice. Councillor JAMES EVANS : It is very difficult to _ _ _ _

take no notice. Continuing, the ratepayers had a right to dictate the kind of tribunal they would have and if he did not do his duty in the Council the ratepayers had a right to say that he would go. The ratepayers had been giving evidence of that lately. (Hear, hear and applause from the public.) He wished those at the end of the room would not do that. So far as his personal feeling was concerned if they rejected the resolutions that night he should move them again at the next Council meeting.- It was the persistent opposition to an inquiry on what the ratepayers believed equitable lines that would lead to a full and exhaustive investiga- tion on moral grounds. It was impossible to draw up a scheme of inquiry that would satisfy every member of the Corporation. This was not the first. It was the duty of the Corporation to grant an inquiry to satisfy the ratepayers. Alderman BOLTON pointed out that the Commis- sioners were not going to make a criminal investigation bat to make inquiries and report to the Connell. He could not see anything so drastic as to necessitate the amendments. There were now cries of " Vote ! vote!" and the first

amendment of Councillor F. R. Roberts was then put to the meeting. Only two members—the proposer and i seconder—stood up n support of the amendment. There was some derisive laughter at the end of the room. Turning to the general public. COIMCiIIOr WILLIAM ROBERTS said: Yes, I am proud to vote this way. lam not ashamed of my vote. The MAYOR announced that the amendment WAS lost( by a large majority. The second amendment of Councillor F. R. Roberts,

an act against the Municipal Corporation Act, it was necessary that information should be laid within fourteen days of the offence. As the Non-Trading members had not made anyaccusations in that Council Chamber or through the discussions on the inquiry he thought - it was wrong that the matter should be brought forward in the way it had been by the mover of the amendments. Another point that sug- gested itself was, how were they to know that the three members of the Commission appointed by the Town Council would not be amongst those accused. Yet they had no guarantee of that. They would be in exactly the same position as any member of the Non-Trading Com- mittee who had made accusations. The accusations that

I was then put, having reference to clause 5. 1 Councillor F. R. ROBERTS observed that there were I charges which might be made by the Commissioners which fell short of criminal charges but which might be 1 of a slanderous nature and render them liable to legal , proceedings. I The mover and seconder were the only supporters of t the amendment and it was lost. On the vote being taken on the third amendment, which had reference to the admittance of the press and the public, Alderman Bennett voted with Councillors F. R. Roberts and William Roberts in support of it. The MAYOR announced that there were only three in , support of the amendment and it was lost.

I hie original resolutions proposed by,. Councillor Tinnion were then carried. I The remainder of the business on the agendawas I adjourned to the next meeting and the Council rose.

had been made with regard to trading in that Council had never been refuted. ("Oh, oh.") Councillor WILLIAM ROBERTS: That is not true. Councillor PEMBERTON : It is a fact. Referring to the exclusion of lawyers from the Commission, the speaker said the Non-Traders did not want the ratepay- ers to be put to a large expenditure. Without any disrespect to the lawyers be thmght he was right in saying that the question of morality did not apply to a legal question. A lawyer was bound in his teaching and profession to look at the legal side of a question. It was a well recognised fact that when a lawyer took a brief he did the very best for his client, uo matter what he knew about it. That was a recognised principle. With regard to the suggestion that the Commissioners ; should be paid, he did not think Alderman Bolton ex- At Tuesday's meeting of the Widnes Town Council, pressed himself very clearly on that point, over which the Mayor (Alderman W. W. Gossage) pre- Alderman Bolton : I said distinctly you would not sided, Councillor Smith alluded to the aspersions cast accept any payment. ; upon the town by Mr. T. P. O'Connor at a recent speech Councillor PEMBERTON : That was a.point which we inadeat Birkenhead. They in Widnes were trying hard stuck out for.We did not warit'any more expense thanive to keep up with the times and to show up the good could possibly help. In conclusion,Councillor Pemberton qualities of the town, but the renowned M.P. from said the ratepayers would know the whole facts of the Ireland. speaking of Home Rule, gave a resume of the inquiry from the verbatim notes which would be taken. , beauty of that country, and then hit Widnes very hard There was to be no secrecy about it. If they had a by saying that he did not want them "to live in the public inquiry they would have to hire a place about the poisons of Widnes." He was bouad to give the member size of Parr Hall, because there was so much interest in question "a flat smack in the face." taken in it that the number who would attend could not The Mayor at this stage interposed, and said they be accommodated. That was why the inquiry was had better steer clear of politics. being held in private. Councillor Smith said that Widnes with its poison was Alderman BENNETT said it was his original intention responsible for less harm than the beautiful city of to move another amendment but after what Councillor , Dublin. A sniff of the Liffey would kill anyone. (laugh- Dodds had said that was quite useless. Councillor ; ter). Dodds had entirely changed his ground from that assumed at the last meeting. He ventured to state at

===== 0002601_19030815_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE POISONS OF WEDNES."

A Rejoinder to Mr. T. P. O'Connor.

FUNERAL OF THE LATE MRS.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
GORNALL. Service at Bold-street Church.

The grave closed over the remains of the late All': Mary Gomall, widow of the late Dr. J. H. Gornall,. twenty-one years Medical Officer of Health for Warriag' ton, at the Warrington Cemetery on Saturday afterne(lt The cortege left the late residence of the deceased laul Ribblesdale, Grappenhall, at about one o'clock? 11°, proceeded to Bold-street Wesleyan Church, where short servite, conducted by the Revs. John Gunnell al" W. C. J. Nelville, was held. In the course of an addTe the Rev. J. Gunnell said it was very fitting that .t last public service, in connection with the life Jas; closed should be held in that building. It was thherr that she heard her first sermon, and sang, apart from It, own home, her first Christian hymn. She was broug.o there as a little child and was attached to the place the very end of her days. That church was, in s 11t2.% peculiar and special sense, her religions home. She enrolled into active church membership nearly bak, century ago, and her attachment for everything 0.100 nected with the church was very strong. Her afflict' vtas long and very painful, yet with what wonderfa courage she bore it! They would ever think of her,hl a true Christian, with a heart full of compassion for ;7;0 poor; a true friend; loyal to the church of her cao',;ci and of her youth; in full sympathy with every g,ter work; an affectionate sister, and -a devoted whose "children arise up and call her blessed." /dr The service at the graveside was impressivell cjo ducted by the Rev. John Gunnell. The mourners were Dr. J. Guest Gornall, I°l H. K. Gornall, and Mr. F. H. 0"u" (sons), Miss Gornall. Miss Annie Gornall g. d Miss Mary Gornall (daughters), Mr. an Edward Guest (brother and sister-in-law), Mr. Guest and Mr. George Guest (brothers), Mr. (nephew), together with Mr. Chas. White, Drs. T-J2'" dale and Fox, Mr. J. R. Young and many others. , The following is a list of those who sent wreathsj. The family, Mr. and Mrs. J. G, Gornall, the Misseas i 55 aud' A. Gornall, Rev. H. K. and Mr. F. H. Gornall, Mary and Mr. Wilfrid Gomel], the gardener, Mr.gar'r, Mrs. Guest and family, Mr. and Mrs. Down and Arther Down, the four grand-children, Miss B. Hughes, the matron and staff of the Warrington is° 0 tion Hospital, Mr. and Mrs. Hands, Mrs. Mitc„he (Southampton), Miss Mabel Lonsdale Mr. and Pl 4 Henry Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. Hensliall' Mr. anr. Misses Brindle, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Broxvne, Edelsten, itirs. Harrison and Miss Atkinson, Mr• ';(1 Mrs. Pierpoint, Mr. and Mrs. Marsh, Mrs. Save* 30. Miss DakinAls Dowson and Miss Margaret DowS°

===== 0002601_19030815_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
_ A USEFUk LITTLE PUBLICATION.

The Book of Fish Sauces. t By sending a Id. stamp to Brown & Poison, Delo • find Paisley, a new booklet entitled. "Simple Fish:4o Vegetable Sauces," can be obtained. It coin,. recipes for making White Fish Sauce, Oyster Silt:01. Anchovy Sauce, Hollandaise Sauce, Caper Sance,Card,;ol Sauce, Shrimp Sauce, and numerous otherdelicious r icx Sauces—over 30 valuable recipes in all. It is ab° Ch)e that ought to be in every household, forming as ra- a reliable guide to improved dishes. It has been &an piled by the well-known Cookery expert, Ch. fier.ll3,e- Senn, and includes also a list of useful recipes for ",,, table Sauces and valuable hints on vegetable cookimea ta Mr. Seim says, "I have succeeded in producing 137 Ges aid of Brown & Poison's "Patent" Corn Flour, gilloo which are superior in appearance, consistency and flay .0 to those made with ordinary flour." All the recipes "

cheap, easy and practicabli.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
FURIOUS MOTORING AT APPLETON.

A?frtif

===== 0002601_19030815_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Smart Penalty Imposed.

At the Darasbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday 11' Mr. W. Long aud other ruagiatrates, Charles*Wit, Purslow The Cross, Appleton, was charged with. , ously driving a motor-car along Warrington-roah. tio ton, on the 21st July,and refusing to stop when ref to by Mr. Henry Nield, J.P. He pleaded not gaillS both charges. 1(1 Mr. Henry Nield, J.P., said that on July 21st "-dell' driving from Warrington, and when near the stoner the at Appleton, he saw a motor-car approaching eve thoO top of the hill at a speed nearer twenty-five inile%scic: twenty miles an hour. He was afraid of his horse the ing in front of the car, so he put up his hand P`o4o, driver of the car to stop orcheck it. The car, he'tsof, travelled on, and pa-ssedwithin a few inches of the almost causing a smash. oP Henry Smallwood, who was employed in pattirto telegraph posts, said the car was going at a gregt' r- and he could not recognise the occupants. 4 OA Police-constable Dutton said that when he sto? defendant afterwards the latter said he did 110%0ttl; because the brakes would not act, and he was verY" boo Mr. H. J. Longton, who defended, said the eose,ote arisen from a misunderstanding and he denied that was any reckless driving. The defendant was then called, and said he . wa'ltor chauffeur to Mr. Heyl Din. The car was a "Monchedrir car, ancliwas2o-h.p. Onithe day in questionhe we sal( ing at the rate of twelve miles an hour when 01110 Mr. Nield put up his hand. The car did not pass "0:: off two yards of the trap, and the speed was slackene',4,7 to only three miles an hour. There was an old i°'" the car' and he was driving steadily in consequence' Mrs. Hey! Din also gave evidence for the defencetv The Chairman said the Bench were of opinioucb the case was fully proved, and that there was too qiio furious driving. The motor people seemed to eat' that the roads were made for their express amuseliire and the duty of the bench was to protect the Oa 0 For refusing to stop, the defendant would be fioe

and costs, and arid costs for furious driving.

01P; COMMERCIAL FA ILUREs.—According to Mercantile Gazette," the number of new bankr"rthe proceedings in England and Wales gazetted dtUlb tlø week ending August Bth, was 71. The . number 1.130 g corresponding week of last year was 79, sho,l, decrease of 8, being a net decrease in 1903, to cl3‘

"Weil Frdf begui— iconeo

Starting rit is half the battle. The best ironer cannot do good ironing 1f she begins with cheap, coalmon starch. It pays to buY the best starch—Colrnan's Starch. It pays in labour-

saving; it pays in prevent- ing disappointment ; it paYs

in linen-economy ; it paY5 in successful ironing.

i. ertyl ,0 ki T„,,,,t, -....- A ~, 17'.'i 04' re • At iv‘p

the A Jl's "ile' are on the

Colman'

Sold in Cardboard =O, hat tiffi's • B„ ,

===== 0002601_19030815_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN

COUNCIL.

A FOUR HOURS' SITTING.

The Auditors' Report.

Matters of more than usual interest engaged the attention of the Warrington Town Council on Tuesday ening. The meeting commenced at six o'clock and 'lb WU not before a quarter to ten that the members rese. Even then, all the business on the agenda had net been transacted. Three motions, one standing in the name of Councillor Dodds, having reference to the treatment of a tram conductor, and two others standing ha the name of Councillor Pemberton, referring to the Proposed additions to the new Police Station and the last three slack contracts for Winwick and Delph-lane Waterworks, were left over to the September meeting. The Mayor (Mr. J. Charlton Parr) presided and there were also present: Alderman Fairclough .(dqputy Mayor), Aldermen Sutton, Bennett, Smethurst, Fran- comb, Bolton Monks, Councillors William Pierpoint, Jbehll Roberts', William Roberts, F. R. Roberts, Ellison, Rogers Wilkinson, Burton, Barton, Herrocks, Pemberton, oha Evans 'James Evans, Dodds, Tinnion, Lord, Brophy, „ihornton, Peacock, Hulse, Craik, with Messrs. J. Lyon irwhittle (town clerk), S. Wilson (deputy town clerk), T. tiongdin (borough surveyor),J.Deas(sanitary engineer),J. Moore Murray(director of education),W.S. Haddock(gas engineer), W. H. Grimsdale (electrical engineer), A. M. ICer (deputy surveyor.) LETTER FROM MRS. BAIRD. The TOWN CLERK read a letter from Mrs. Baird e+,lPressing the grateful thanks of herself and family atl Lae vote of condolence passed by the Council at the death of her husband, Councillor Baird. THE NEW TOWN COUNCILLORS. The Town Clerk presented the returns of the election of Councillors for the Howley and St. John's Wards, .7r • Horrocks having been returned for the former and , Thornton for`the last-named ward. QUESTIONS BY COUNCILLOR PEMBERTON. Councillor PEMBERTON asked the Chairman of the /latch Committee:—(l) Whether the contractor (Mr. rivenport) has sent inhis account for work done up to 7:te, and what is the amount claimed in such account?, (-,) Has the contractor allowed for the old material Xse., dby hint ? (3) What is he claiming in such account Lor the old materials left standing? (4) What was the amount in the original contract that the contractor had to allow for old materials. The MA von said the answer to the first question was that the detailed account supplied by Mr. R. Burns Dick, the architect gave the total of Mr. Devenport's work at £14,747 6s. 4d. The contractor had not, he was informed, sent in his aeoollat for work done up to this date. The answer to the second qyestion was Yes," the amount allowed being £BO. In answer to the third question the con- tractor claimed £2OO as compensation for non-possession 5 the old arraoury material. Question fourha.d already been answered, the amount being £665 Us. sd. THE SANKEY RECREATION GROUND. The Finance and Estate Committee submitted the following; resolution :—That application be made to the Local Government Board for their sanction to the borrowing of £1,750, being the cost (including fencing and laying out) of the Sankey Recreation Ground. COUNCILLOR DODDS AND THE AUDITORS' REPORT. PARLIAMENTARY EXPENSES AND THE DiEnPREweIATION QUESTION The following as the report of the Borough !fAuditors :—"Warrington, 24th, Jul, 1903. To the avor, Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough f Warrington. o,•entlernen.—We haveaudited the books of account of the Corporation for the year ended 31st March, 1903,and certify them to be correct. • The securi- ties representing the investments of the Corporation have been produced to us and we have found the same .th order.—Yours! faithfully, JAMES' FAIRCrOUGH, !layer's Auditor ;,"EDWIN BRADSHAW, A.C.A,. and LAWRENCE BOLTON, elective auditors." The DEPUTY MAYOR moved the adoption of the Ininutes, and Alderman BMNETT, in sodding, expressed pleasure that the borough auditors' report was printed with the ;Iccounts. Had that been done in former years it would nc, aye saved a lot of trouble and unpleasantness. (Hear, near). Councillor DODDS said he c'euld not allow the audi-. Lora* ta, report to pass without calling the attention of Council to one or two items which he thought ought to have received some kind of notice from those gentle- ' 132 Continning,he said: I should have thought, for tstance, that after the severe comments of one of his iesty'sjudges in regard to the extravagant expendi- 're upon professional services and the, expense of ,Witnesses in the action against the Manchester Ship' 'Waal, Company, some reference or some explanation by 'ae auditors would have been mad e. I find from the 41,114ual abstract of the accounts just issued by the r'.orough Treasurer that no less than £2,036 lie. 11d. ,as taken from the ratepayers in regard to that action not know if after the appeal of the Canal Company skeBhall recover any part of that money, certainly after e judge's remarks we shall not get all to which I ft reasonable care and economy had been exercised l!e should have been entitled. Then I see that £133 ss. 3d. was paid to the Parliamentary agents ef the Corporation in respect of the Warrington Education Bill, 1902,—a Bill ' which Was never submitted to a public meeting of the rate- payers, as required by law, and which would have never been approved by them. That is a matterwhich I think should have been exposed by the auditors in their report. Then in regard to the £3O or 30 guineas paid to the Mayor's auditor, Mr. A. J. Jolley, a payment which am advised is illegal, I think we should have had some notice taken. These are comparatively small matters, I but when I turn to the tramways and electricity depart- , bent accounts I am surprised to find that in regard to ' these new departments of our municipal enterprise no reference is made to the absence of any provision for the depreciation, which is bound to be gradually taking Place in regard to many items in the capital outlay acoluits of these departments. I know that the chair- Ilion of the Tramways and Electricity Committee con- siders that if we wipe off the borrowed moneys in legard to the capital outlay on these undertakings '3' a sinking fund that that is at the same time Providing the necessary depreciation. A more Complete proof of a defective understanding I cannot enanceive of. Let me show the difference. Take, say, 143 locomotive engine. You buy it for, say £2,000 by borrowed money. You create a sinking fund to pay 4ck the loan and the accruing interest. All that that 11Peration ' does is to pay off the £2,000 you borrowed, 1314 gradually and imperceptibly the engine depreciates, 17sPite all the repairing you can do, and in a few years ;'0 engine ozn work no longer. It is then of course Worth merely scrap value. I hold in my hand the re- f °ll. of the auditors of the Liverpool Corporation sued on the 28th ult. It deAls very fully with the Illareciation question in regard to the tramways and Cretricity supply accounts, and it shows that in regard the tramways depreciation at the rate of 5:1 per cent. provided last year upon assets outside the land ettlihgs and similar items which are not likely to, ZePrectate. The totalamounts so providedat Liverpool .Ildth,e last municipal yeaf was £50,331. If we had pro- sh-eg a year's depreciation on the Liverpool basis we tL.ould have setaside a sum of £4,378 10s. 6d. for I find that az, corresponding capital items here to those depreci- .Gd at Liverpool are as follows :—Permanent way, cn '225 17s. 2d' ; electrical equipment, £8,038 9s. 11d.; tell, £10,883 17s. 3d.; total, £76,148 4s. 4d. I have said Zt.,t7011 the basis of Liverpool we should have provided Let us see what we did set aside for reserve,re- gai"afs, etc.—£90 12s. 3d. only.—So with the electrical it,PPlf accounts. The depreciable items are the mains. Z? accumulators the machinery, the meters and electri- At instruments. 'These represent in all £42,428 2s. 4d. itt 2.30 per cent. depreciation is yearly 'en off their similar items. So that while we have ticiot,,at„Warrington provided a single penny for deprecia- ti we had followed Liverpool's example we should ;writing off nearly £l,OOO a year. Where, Mr. Mayor, o'e Alderraan Monks and his profits? Givenaccurate and thietrul account-keeping, and allowing for the fact that .7 se works are to some extent only in course of pre- fl stead of making any profit we are at present de Prang thousands a year. I don't forget that these itePartments are very young. There are two other 13,231_3 in connection with this department I cannot for- Mentioning. The cost of commission to the 24.1lmeers has been so far £6,165 3s. 5d., and the cost of iaraentary and preliminary expenses has been £2,386 d. Surely apart from the desirable employment of a ~..e!sulting engineer for the first few months, a first-rate rorci,C.apable permanent engineer could have been got or ‘,7'.'5" a year; certainly I think the employment 'essrs. Preece and Cardew must have cost the town ofauci!cessarily some thousands of pounds. We wantsto.Z!ncY, but it isas often got in combination with 110'1'0,1:ay as with extravagance of this nature. I should .„„._." liked to have referred to the Water and Gas De- i'Z'r,tincnits, but I forbear. I think I have gone far enough Vllthcate that the auditors might have given the rate- :ers something more than their bare certificate as to th Nr;onching of the payments, and of the existence of 'erPoration securities. Puncillor PEMBERTON said he endorsed all Councillor eq;luds had said. He thought the members of the Town aCil ought to be furnished with the statement of tiutounts for a longer period before the Town Council the?, they had been, as it was impossible to go through as they ought to be gone through. ‘l,vidence before the Commission inquiring into tezl4ll9ipal trading, one of the most eminent valuers of 034L_unery in the kingdom said he would be a bold. man yottred who would say that an electric plant put in ten tlia 3 ago at a cost of £50,000 would now be worth half <3ls amount. Electric plant and tramway's depreciated ' quickly, and it was only right that Warrington Thiuill apply something for depreciation in that respect. th:_s matter was only on a footing with a great many ?gs which had taken place to misrepresent to the ePayers the actual position in which they stood. thieur: were i members in that Council who would not ef doing their own business n the way that Conn- be .fd theirs. They would not allow the accounts to 4 o.ads out in the same way. They would not tolerate ho 'gene() sheet of this character for one moment, and. Ilrewhetnhei_Council agreed to these things passed his com- 41tiersman". Surrox said he was not a member of the

===== 0002601_19030815_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

4'

===== 0002601_19030815_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Finance Comniittee, and was not able to follow the details of the various accounts to which Councillor Dodds had alluded. He thought Councillor Dodds would have done better if he had sent some sort of a notice in order that they might consider it and be able to refer or reply. Every -one of the payments made in connection with the Corporation had been brought monthly before the Council, and every member had had an opportunity of goinglinto them and discussing them. Therefore he objected now to anyone coming forward and objecting or having something to say against those payments._ _

- Councillor DODDS explained that the accounts were for the year ended March last, and he only became a member of the Council the previous November. Alderman SUTTON said he thought both Councillors Dodds and Pemberton were members of the Finance committee.

Councillor PEMBERTON said he was not a member. Alderman SUTTON said he should make himself thoroughly acquainted with the details and object to them publicly at the proper time. Councillor DODDS : That is what lam doing. Alderman SUTTON: But you are doing it too late. You should have brought it forward earlier. Councillor PEMBERTON mentioned that he had objected to £20,000 being spent in the electricity department. Alderman SUTTON: Why object again? You know the majority of the Council was against you. Do you expect you are going to have the privilege of carrying everything before you? Councillor PEMBERTON: No, (Laughter.)

Alderman Surrox: Because if You do youare a little bit mistaken. (Laughter.) Continuing, he said as long as the accounts had been passed, and every item fully considered, no member was justified in referring to them now, although he would give Councillor Dodds credit for wishing that everything should be conducted in t!,_ proper way. _ _ _

The Masoft-said it appeared to him that the remarks were a direct censure on the auditors, which was a question they were not in a position to undertake. The auditors were an independent party, and if they had done wrong they could not be dealt with in that manner. Councillor PEACOCK said Councillor Dodds was find- ing fault with the Council. It seemed ridiculous to ask the Corporation to lay aside something they had not got. Liverpool made a profit on their trams, and when Warrington made sufficient they would be able to lay something aside. Councillor DODDS said they had lost £5,000 at Blackburn but had set aside a largesum fordepreciation. Councillor TINNION said it wit,s very desirable that these thing should be ventilated. It seemed to him a question of policy as to the proper way of keeping accounts of this kind. It was a question whether it was desirable to provide a sinking fund or allow de- preciation. The matter might be considered by all the committees and they could then establish a principle to work upon. (Hear, hear.) Alderman BOLTON said it was simply a ques.tion-of book-keeping. The accounts were kept one way, and Councillor Dodds showed them how they ought to be kept in another. He ought to take the Finance Cem- mittee into his confidence and show them how he would like them to carry the thing through. The officials had got into a groove, which they had been in for years, and he was sorry they did not care to get out of it. They wanted turning upside down. (Laughter.), The committee had been obstinate, except at signing cheques, for a number of years. Alderman SMETHURST was glad the Non-traders had stirred them up a bit. (Laughter.) Councillor PIERPOINT observed that there were more of them to come on the Council yet. Alderman SMIITHIMST said he did not care how many of them there were so longas they were fair andstraight and would speak the truth. So far they had not had the truth from sotne people. (Laughter.) • The MAYOR. hinted that they were getting along very slowly with the business. Alderman SMETHURST contended that he and other members of the Council had not been neglecting their Iduty, but had been trying to do their best, and they did not want it to go forth that everything was coming out now. They had objected to many things and he himself had fought against the payment of commission to the consulting engineer and had got the rate reduced from 5 per cent to 2 per cent in one case. ['he minutes of the committee were then agreed to. THE CONSTITUTION OF COMMITTEES. THE CLAIMS OF NEW COUNCILLORS. The Street Improvement Committee resolved that Councillor Hulse be appointed a member of that com- mittee in place of the late Councillor Baird.' Councillor LORD moved an amendment that this minute be confirmed, hinting that Couicillor Horrocks ought to fill the vacancy as Councillor Hulse was al- ready on several committees. New members were not considered as they ought to be. Councillor PHMBERTON seconded. _

===== 0002601_19030815_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Alderman ii-E-N-NliT-178.11a TOillialTOr W. ROBERTS sup- ported the amendment. New members did not get a fair chance of sitting on the committees. Alderman BOLTON said the practice was to look for the most suitable men in the Council who would fill the vacancy to the benefit of the town. They wanted experienced men; they did not want new members who did not understand anything. (Laughter.) They knew what he was referring to. This was the reason why, with regard to their appointment on some commit- tees, gentlemen had to wait for several years. Members had asked to be, put on the Town Hall and Baths Com- mittee and had had to wait for eight or nine years be- fore there was a vacancy. He thought such gentlemen were entitled to the first vacancy that occurred. Ho considered the committee ought to appoint the best men for the positions. Councillor PigßPonip said he was a sufficiently old member of the Council to know that as a rule com- mittees were likely to and did become family parties, and theyhad a very strong objection to anyone coming amongst them unless the person was entirely of their way of thinking. ("No, no.") As to saying it had be- come a matter of the exceptional fitness of certain men for certain places that was all gas and humbug. Owing to the unfortunate and lamentable death of Councillor Baird, who occupied a seat on seven com- mittees, there was a wild scramble—(cries of "so, no '')—to arrange seats on those particular committees on which vacancies had occurred. They had in Mr. Thornton and Mr. Horrocks two members who had been elected by very large majorities, and who repre- sented a large number of ratepayers, and they would naturally have thought that seine of the seven vacancies might have been allocated to them. Instead of that they found that the very first committee they came to in the minutes had nominated Councillor Hulse. He was already on a large number of committees, and he did not think he had any special abilities over Mr. Thornton and Mr. Horrocks. _

. Councillor TrcsioN : He always attends. (Hear, hear.)

Councillor PIERPO INT said he (the speaker) attended the meetings just as often as his business would allow him. He could not do more, and if any members wanted his seat on the committees on which he served they might take them. That did not get rid of the fact that they wildly tooklup seats on the committee which ought to be left in common fairness to members .of the Council who were newly elected.

Councillor TrNNIoN considered it was hardly fair for Councillor Pierpoint to deseribe these committees as family parties. He had attended many committees, and he had not been afraid to tackle any matter that had been brought forward. When a man was first elected on the Council it was not desirable that he should be put upon the most important committees. They should start, as he and other members of the Council had skirted, at the bottom of the ladder. He (the speaker) started on the Fire Eng inero mmi ttee,and he had thought that that was a principle which would influence their appointments on the committees. Councillor F. R. ROBERTS said he wits Sure there was likely to be a superabundance of vacancies on the com- mittees in the near future. (Laughter, and hear, hear.) If no accommodation was left for their Non-trading friends they could have three vacancies which he could offer them that night. • Alderman MONKS objected to the statement that they had a family party arrangement. Juno single instance had it been desired to make anything in the nature of such an arrangement. The true solution of the matter was that they should have more members to do the Iwork. They had 16 committees and at 10 members each that was 160 seats. With 37 members this meant that 41- members must serve on every committee, and it was no wonder that they got some members on five or six I committees.

Alderman SMETHUR,ST claimed that he had regularly attended the meetings of the committee for which he was appointed, and he had been second on the list of the whole Council for the last three years. Alderman SUTTON, who rose amid cries of "Vote," said they should vote when they had got them to listen to whathe had to say. (Laughter.) The proposer and seconder objected to the method in which these vacan- cies were filled up. It would astonish him if they ever came to a meeting and did not object to something or everything. They were ready to object to anything, whether they understood the question or not. (Laugh- ter). Councillor Pimpoint came to their meetings in a very lordly manner, and considered himself fully entitled to dictate to them. .

Councillor P lERPOINT : No, no. Councillor TINNIoN : To lecture. Alderman SurroN:. To give us advice on subjects that we know more about than he does, and where he has attended one meeting during the last two years, I have attended 20, 30, and even 40. • Councillor PIHRPOINT : That shows what a lot of spare.time you have. I Alderman SUTTON: I should advise bim to give his seat up and let some one else come in and da the work. I don't want to be talked to and advised by anybody who does not know as much as I do. (Laughter.) Con- tinuing Alderman Sutton said the committee considered who would be the best member to appoint, and it was unanimously decided that Councillor Hulse was entitled to the position, and he was unanimously elected. He (the alderman) did not see anything wrong in that, and it was not contrary to anything that had been done hi ' committee before. •

Councillor DODDS pointed out in answer to Alderman Monks that some members were not on any committees aid that was the reason other members had to sit ou four or five. ! Alderman BENNETT said he did think that generally they did not consider new members at all. I Alderman SUTTON: Well, you should have been in your seat and objected to it at the time.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday August 15, 1903.

On a vote being taken eight were for the amendment and ten against. The amendment was therefore lost. THE LIGHTING. QUESTION. _

_ Councillor THORNTON drew attention to the want of lighting from Orford-lane to the borough boundary, and mentioned that on Sunday night August 2nd there was net a single gas lamp lighted there at 9.30 p.m. It was a fearfully wet and dark night and such a night on which he expected that every lamp would be lighted. Alderman SUTTON pointed out that at the meeting of the Street Improvement and Lighting Committee the question was discussed and referred to the Lighting Sub-committee, with power to act in the matter and settle terms with the Gas Committee.

Councillor JAMES EVANS said it was a very difficult question to settle. The area of the town had so much increased, and what was at one time lit up in an hour and forty minutes took two hours. The Sub-Lighting Committee and Gas Committee had agreed that the men should start half-an-hour earlier, and they were putting on four extra men. The work was to be distributed so that a great deal of the difficulty complained of would _ _ .

THE PROPOSED BRANCH LIBRARIES. A NEW DIFFICULTY.

The Museum Committee submitted the following re- port :—" That the following report on the desirability of providing branch libraries be submitted to the Coun- cil. The comnittee have considered the question of the desirability of establishing branch libraries, and report that a branch library might take any of the fol- lowing forms :—(l). An independent lending library with separate staff and stock of books and with.a newsroom attached. (2) A newsroom with small reference library attached. (3) A delivery station with small stock of books on deposit. (4) A school issue centre for the use of scholars only. Having regard to the extent and distribution of the population of the borough, and to the question of expense, the committee do not suggest at present the formation of any independent branch, but consider that it is desirable to set up one or more delivery stations. These would be established, by preference in shops, the shopkeeper acting as agent, and being paid a certain sum per week for accommodation and attendance. A small selection of books would be deposited at each station, and, in addition, any book might be requisi- tioned by a borrower from the central library, and delivered to him at the station. The cost of such branches would depend partly upon the frequency withiwhich books were exchanged between the branch and the library. It may be roughly estimated at £2O a year for each station. It is not anticipated that any capital expenditure ...would be required. The committee recommend that, as an experiment, not more than four delivery stations be opened, and that the Council make a special grant for this purpose of £6O for the remainder of the current financial year. The committee further propose to take steps to form issue centres in elementary schools, with the help and under the control of the head teachers. This will not involve any appreciable increase of expense, except suchas may arise from increased issue. Alderman BENNETT, in moving the minutes,announced with regret the retirement of Alderman Monks from the Committee. During the time he had sat on that Com- mittee he had taken the greatest possible interest in its work and been of invaluable service. With regard to branch libraries, the sub-committee proposed to fall in with Councillor Upson's suggestions to some extent. They had decided to move cautiously, and were going to establish delivery stations for a commencement. The Tows CLERK pointed out that no special grant could be made for the purpose, as the Committee was not allowed to exceed a lid. rate.

Alderman BENNirr- : You can't make a special grant. The TOWN CLERK : No.

Alderman BENNEIT said they were anxious to give all the facilities they could, but if they were restricted in their resources they could not give those facilities. He was afraid that after what the Town Clerk had said the scheme must be withdrawn for further considera- tion.

Councillor ELLISON seconded. Councillor LoRD moved that the accounts of the Museum rommittee be referred back. The accounts included an item of a few shillings which had beenpaid for a circular issued by Mr. F. Monks advocating the claims of Mr. Madeley for an increase of salary. The circular was sent out from Mr. Monks's private address, and he thought the cost should be borne privately, and not by the Council. Alderman BENNETT explained that the -circular was issued on behalf of the committee and was only signed by. Mr. Monks as chairman. Councillor DODDS said he called attention to the matter in Committee, and he did not think it worth while doing more. The minutes were then confirmed With the exception of the branch library scheme. GIFT BY MRS. GARNETT-I

At a meeting of the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Com- mittee a letter was read from Mrs. Robert Garnett offering to give a number of plants to the park, when it was resolved that the offer be accepted and the thanks of the committee be conveyed to Mrs. Garnett for her gift. It was also resolved that Councillor Wilkinson be a member of this committee in place of the late Councillor Baird.

work in the matter, and such things ought to be put a stop to. He was a member of the committee but he was unaware that Messrs. Preece and Cardewwere going to draw up the specification. It was only by "rooting" into things that information could be obtained. Com- mittees and paid officials ought to be quite above any misrepresentation. Some of the old members of the Council seemed to think there was none, but he said there was.

The MAYOR: Misrepresentation is a very awkward word to use against the committee or the Council. Councillor PEMBERTON: I will alter it if you object to it very much. Continuing, he said Councillors and Aldermen had admitted to him their want of knowledge of the work of their own committee. He brought the matter forward to show that every committee ought to see that the officials, chairman and deputy-chairmau gave more information before resolutions were passed. Alderman SUTTON: They want you on every Com- mittee. (Laughter.) Alderman MONKS pointed out that they feeder easel only formed part of a large extension involving some- thing like £B,OOO or £9,000, so that Messrs. Preece and Cardew were not asked to draw up a specification for that work alone. In regard to giving information, he had all along endeavoured to give every member— (Councillor PEMBERTON : " N0,n0." Other members: Hear, hear ")—not only of the Committee, but of the Council who had asked for it the fullest information hs :had been able to obtain. If he had not been in possel- sion of it himself, he had required the officials to suppy it to the meMbers who had asked for it. Councillor Pemberton was no exception. He (Alderman Monks) had rather gone out of his way to give him information. Councillor Pemberton was certainly prejudiced, and ha (Alderman Monks) wished to behave in such a way as to at least try and remove his prejudice. ' The MAYOR: I have sat on the committee very frequently and I have always found you most ready and anxious to explain every item that came before you. Councillor PEMBERTON : I most distinctly asked the Chairman of the committee meeting if the £36 15s. was included in any other contract and I was told that it was not. The CHAIRMAN : I was not at the committee meet.- ing. _ _ _

douncillor PEMBERTON : What are you talkingabout then? The minutes were confirmed. • THE TOWN CLERK'S EVIDENCE BEFORE THE

===== 0002601_19030815_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
' The adoption of the minutes was proposed by Alderman Bolton, and seconded by Alderman Smethurst. Councillor WILKINSON moved anamendment that the minutes berwreed to with the exception of the reso- lution relating to himself. _ _

Councillnr JAMES EVANS: T will serond that Tho MAYOR : lam afraid we won't accept it. Councillor WILKINSON: My amendment was quite in order.

Alderman SUTLON: Sit down. (Laughter). The minutes were then carried. THE FISH MARKET.

Councillor LORD proposed the adoptinn of the minutes of the Markets Committee.

Councillor ROGERS objected to the proposed removal of a stall in the Fish Market at the request of Messrs. Reardon Bros. and moved that it be referred back. Councillor JOHN ROBERTS seconded.

Councillor PEA.COCK explained that they were getting 2s. a week more and the alteration was also a public convenience.

Councillor HORROCKS supported the committee and pointed out that the fish stalls were very inconveniently constructed, and needed taking down and rebuilding. Several members concurred in this view, and the amendment was carried. ELECTRICITY AND TRAMWAYS. THE DEPRECIATION QUESTION. ' COUNCILLOR PEMBERTON AND MESSRS:J PREECE AND CARDEW'S COMMISSION. CARS FOR THE LABOURING CLASSES.

- - The Electricity and Tramways Committee resolved : --" That the Town Clerk be instructedto make an appli- cation to the Board of Trade for an extension of time for the construction of the tramways from the Cemetery to Padgate and Bruche Bridge ; and that the com- mittee meet on. Monday next at three o'clock to inspect proposed routes for additional tramways. A petition from the tramway employs for holidays was referred to the General Purposes Committee. On the 13th July the Committee met at the Town Hall and subsequently inspected Lovely-Lane, Bowsey-road, Tanners-lane, Orford-lane, Marshhousc!-lane, Pad- gate-lane, and King, Edward-street as suggested routes .for additional trainvvays.—At a meeting on the 22nd July, it was resolved that the tender of Messrs. Kelvin and James White, Limited, for a feeder panel for traction switchboard required for tramway purposes at £36 15s. be accepted. The ques- t:on of construction of additional tramways was, after discussion, deferred until June next.—At a meeting on August sth, the following resolutions were passed That the plans prepared by Messrs Preece and Cardew of the' proposed Light Railway No. 1 be approved, and submitted to the Cheshire County Council and the Stockton Heath Parish Council; and that the Property Purchasing Committee be requested to conduct the negotiations for the purchase of the premises required for the widening of Old London-road; that the tender of Mr. Thomas Stringer for the construction of the foundation bed for the new engine at £l5l 17s. 6d. be accepted, aud that Mt. Grimsdale be requested to make arrangements for the running of a service of cars for the labouring classes within the hours provided for in the Tramway Order.

In, moving the adoption of the minutes, Alderman MONKS referred to the question of depreciation. As it had never been brought forward there had been no need to consider it and therefore he had no opinion on the matter. Apart from that, it waif not a question of what he thought but of what the committee and the Council thought. When the Council had expressed an opinion he should carry it out loyally. The £9O profit on the tramway undertaking was transferred to a reserve fund which could be used for depreciation or anything else the Council saw fit.

Councillor DODDS asked how they would be able to deal with depreciation in case of loss?

Alderman BOLTON asked what was the use of provid- ing for depreciation when they had no money to do so. (Laughter.) If they had no profits they would have to levy a rate to provide the deprediation fund. He con- tended that the time to levy the rate would be when they required new machinery, &c. Councillor PEMBERTON said that every properly con- ducted business concern in the country that owned machinery had a depreciation fund. The proper course for the glectricity and Tramways Committee to adopt was to write off so much for depreciation. Ire was sorry that business men got up in the Council and made sue, assertions as Alderman Bolton's.

_ _ AI derman BOLTON: You don't know what you are talking about. (Laughter.) Councillor PEMBERTON contended that the tramway property had alreadvdepreciatedand that a depreciation fundfought to have -been opened at the outset. Of course nabody knew anything except "these old Parliamentary hands. (Laughter.) Continuing he referred to the tender of Messrs. Kelvin and White to supply a feeder panel for .£36 15s. and said he found Messrs. Preece and Cardew received commission on the order. When they had an electrical engineer reemiving a magnificent salary and he had to go to Messrs. Preece and Cardew to draw up a specification for such ajob, it was time the Coun- cil looked round to see where they were. No business concern would stand such a thing. It was monstrous. He contended that there had been certain influences at

===== 0002601_19030815_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
PARLIAMENTARY COMMITTEE.

Councillor LORD asked the Mayor :—(1) Was the Town Clerk authorized by the Mayor, or any committee of this Council, to attend before tile Committee of Lords and Commons re "The question of municipal trading," to give evidence? (2) If not, on whose authority did he attend, and will the ratepayers be called upon to bear the expenses incurred? The MAXOR replied that the Town Clerk consulted him about going to London, and he asked Mr. Whittle if he wished to go at his own cost or at the cost of the Corporation. The Town Clerk most distinctly told him that he wished to go at his own cost. Therefore, there was no occasion for the matter to come before any com- mittee, and the only leave he (the Mayor) had to give him was leave of absence, which he did most willingly. (Hear, hear.)

MR. J. M. MURRAY'S SALARY. THE SECONDARY SCHOOL STAFF.

Councillor BENNETT moved the adoption of the minutes of the Education Committee. Councillor PEMBERTON referred to Mr. J. Moore Murray's salary. He contended that according to the resolution adopted by the Education Committee the in- crease should not have commenced until twelve months from the date on which it was agreed to. He moved that the accounts of the Education Committee be re- duced by the extra sum which the director had been re- ceiving. There was a strong feeling in the town in regard to the appointment of teachers for the secondary school, the salaries amounting to £l,OOO per annum. It was the opinion of most people that the Corporation were rushing on very much too quickly in regard to educational matters, when they might reasonably wait and take the example of Liverpool and other large towns which were not rushing on so quickly. Salaries to the amount of £l,OOO were very large •to teach only 100 persons. A great many people—and some members of the coMinitteehad spoken to him on the matter—would have liked the headmaster to have been appointed first, and then he could have advised the committee as to the staff he would requite. If they kept on expending money in this way the rates would soon be Bs. 4d. Before the Council was asked to confirm the committee's minutes the teachers were advertised for. That was done to a great extent in that Council In connection with other committees. In acase Like the present it was a rather serious matter as the charge 'would be an annual] one. The Council ought to have a real say in the business of the Corporation. It seemed to him there was too much power delegated to committees.

Councillor LORD seconded the amendment.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
AldermanßENNarr said his own impression was that the original intention of the committee was that the increase should not be paid for a year. When the second debate took place however, the committee came to the conclusion that the intention was that thesalary should commence at once. They decided under all the circumstances to waive the point and let the increase commence at once, and he thoughtthe decision was fair and reasonable. In regard to advertising he agreed with the principle as stated by Councillor Pemberton, but there were conceivable emergencies when no rule could be absolutely binding and a certain amount. of latitado had to be given to committees. The advertise- ment in question was issued after consideration and mainly with a view to seeing that the school should commence at the proper time. Unless this course had been adopted it would not be possible to make arrangements for the school to commence in autumn as they hoped it would. At first sight it appeared to him that the salaries were perhaps exhorbitant but no one seemed to understand at the outset that the staff in addition toteaching 100 scholars would have to teach 94 pupil teachers. They would also be expected to assist in the work of the Technical classes. 'The -CB7O was not the only sum they would have to pay in salaries. At present they were paying Mess Warburton and Mr. Buxton Lao each and this would make the total amonot £1,130. They would have to deduct £ll5 which was being paid to various teachers in connection with the Technical Institute alone and £5OO which .was expended in connection with the old Pupil teachers centre Councillor Bennett pointed out that the students at the secondary school would be educated atisemething like half the cost for teachers as compared with the Grammar school. They were doing the work economically if they were to have thoroughly efficient teachers and thoroughlyefficient education. Alderman MONKS said that since the proposal of the Committee was brought forward theßoard of Education had issued a memorandum giving details in regard to secondary schools. This would in effect make it com- pulsory for every education authority to support such a school as the Warrington committee was now support ing. Councillor BURTON referred in terms 'of praise to Mr. Murray's qualifications and supported the action of the committee.

Councillor DODDS said he should vote for the amend- ment because he disapproved of the irregular manner in which Mr. Murray was paid two or three months salary in face of the resolution which was quite clear on the point, that the increase should commence in twelve months.

The voting was then proceeded with and resulted as follpws:—

FOR THE AMENDMENT. AGAINST Councillor Hulse Alderman Fairclough James Evans It Sutton ft Barton If Francomb fl Wilkinson 19 Smethurst Dodds ~ Bolton , „ Horrocks ff Bennett „ Lord „ Monks „ Pemberton Councillor Tinnion Craik , ft Yt Pierpoint Thornton-10 ft John Roberts Burton fl W. Roberts If F. R. Roberts " Ellison-14 ff The amendment was therefore lost. .., _ _

Other important business with reference to the proposed Inquiry mad the Water Committee's contracts is reported in another part of this issue.

-- - LATCHFORD BAPTISTS. GRAPPENHALL 2ND. A. Albinson b Taylor 1 J. Albinson c Cliffe b T. Albinson b Taylor E. Werrell b Mottram... 1 W. Wicks b Conway J. Hunt b Mottram A. Fletchor b Taylor J. Wilkinson b Mottram 1 H. Carter b Cliffe J. Bibby at Carter b H. Taylor c Hunt b Albinson E. Cliffe b Taylor l9 J. Knight c A. Albin- G. Heald run out J. Conway c Rathbone b J. Mottram b Hunt Taylor J. Whittle not out i- 5 • Conway 7 H. Rathbone b Hunt A. Maile not out 2 N. Noble cT. Albin- son b Wilkinson Extras

Total 76 Total 4B EARLESTOWN V. MANCHESTER CLiFFORD.-At Earle*. town on Saturday. Score :

MANCIIESTER CLIFFORD. • RARLESTOWN. P. Turner c Miller bAlder- G. Husband c Moors b son F. Heald c Beardshaw b T. Marsh c Tallantire Alderson 0 b Clapham J. Tallantire c Carr b J. Miller b Dyson. 1 , Burrell ' 4O J. Henderson c and b A. E. Nall c Howarth b , _Clapham_ __ - _ 18

Burrell J. R. Dickson c Burrell b Clapham Alderson 2l J. Alderson c Hunt b H. Ratelffe c Emmett b Clapham Burrell E. Clapham c Marsh b T.R.Howarth c Moore Burrell J. E. Hunt not out 36 J. Burrell not out 6 B. T. Williams c Beard- shaw b Husband S. Moore b Alderson 2 S. Dyson c Howarth b Husband Extras 2 Extras

Total 145

_ Total 118

CLAUKB'S B 41 PILLB are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitutional Discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mevury. Bstablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 41. ed. each; of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- out the world, or sent for sixty stamp. by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln.—

FLORILINX I—Yori TEE TEETH AND BREATH.- Thorougny cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities. harden the gums, prevs.nts tartar, stops decay, and gives co the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price es. 6d. for the liquid. or Is. pee jar for the Florilins "Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Arlet VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOR THE clAr3,-11 your hair h turning grey Dr white or falling Off Use the MEXICAN HAD, RENEWER, for it will positively restore, In every Celle, grey or white hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as wet as promoting the giowth. Price as 6d per bottle.— AM* To Iderrntsna.-lErs. Wino low's Boothlng'Syrup has been used for over fifty years by Millions of mothers for their 3hildren while teething, with perfect sucsess. It will relieve the roorsufforer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and produces natures) (inlet steep, ny relieving the child from pain and the Httie cherub awakes "as bright as a button." 01 au Chemists is lhel per bottle. Advt.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
HOMING.

The Warringtoa and District Homing Society had their second young bird race, from Gloucester (107 miles) on Saturday. Mr. S. Taylor (convoyer) liberated the birds at Gloucester, at 11.30 a.m. in fine weather, and with a south wind. Mr. P. Leicester, Stockton Heath, timed the first bird in at 1.10 p.m., being one ,hourand 40 minutes for the journey, or an average velocity of 1,815 yards per minute. Twenty-six mem- bers sent 325 birds. Result :-P. Leicester, 1,845; W. Lamb, 1,829, Boyle and Barlow, 1,824 and 1,802; Litherland and Harper, 1,798; W. Lamb, 1,787; J. Hill, 1,779; Walker and Sous, 1,733; J. Hill. 1,745; W. Roughsedge, 1,719; J. Hill. (2), 1716; H. Craven, 1,716; H. F. Greenough (3), 1,716; W. Walker, 1,709' H. Craven, 1,635 ; Miller Bros. 1,634; F. Bloor. 1,633; J. and E. Forster, 1,609; W. Walker; 1,594; Walker and Sons, 1,580; H. Woodward, 1,572; F. Bloor, 1,558; H. J. Longton, 1,543; Milnesland Bell, 1,502; G.Carter, 1,478 and 1,463; E. Burrows (2), 1453. J. Phoenix, 1,4511; F. Hayes, (2), 1,449; H. Woodward, 1,441; W. Leigh, 1,435; B. Burrows, 1,428; H. Clare, 1441; W, Leigh, 1,363; Milnes and Bell, 1,313; W. Unsworth, 1,185 and 1,086; R. Wright, 920.

In connection with the great Free Trade Conference which is being organised to meet in Manchester no fewer than 248 trade. uni on and co-operative organisa- tions have appointed delegates representing an aggregate membership of 448,407. A verdict of "Accidental death" was returned in the case •of a Miles Platting iron grinder named Evans, who sustained a frictu red skull by falling while attemp- ing to step backwards from a Manchester tramcar in motion. The widow is left penniless with five young children.

ENGLISHMEN IN TROUBLE Thousands of Englishmen are in pits and trouble every day through Backache.liumbsge,Gravel,Kidney Disease. Wind and Water Complaint. All these will find a positive cure in Holdroyd'e Gravel Pills. Try one box ; money returned if not satisfied, is lid all Chemists. Post free, 12 stamps.—lioldroyd's Medical fis.ll. Cleck— heaton, Yekrs.

FOR THE' BLOOD r.S THE LIFE

CLA4iU'S BLOOIi°MIXTORE

";IifOUSAEDB OP TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who hay received great bene4 from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clear s the Mood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Pamity Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought tfi ‘loht,and we can with the utmost oonfidenos recommend it o our subscribers and the public stenemlly."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever neuse arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blooe Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are mazvallons. It is the only real specific for Gaut and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and ils, each of aIl Chemists, Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES CHOU. COMPANY sZOOLN.7sl3eware of worthless

===== 0002601_19030815_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

EIR most pleasant form of entertainment during Summer I _1 is the Garden Party, with its charming amusAments of Lawn Tennis, Croquet, Badminton. and Lawn Scowls, every requisite for which is made in its greatest pirfeation by the famous manufacturers. GEO BUssEY & Co: Ask local Sports Outfitter for their Catalogue. If not procurble, apply to 35 & 33, Queen Victoria Stteet. London. Factories—Peckham, London; and Blmswell. Suffolk.

I WA RRIN G T ON' V. CHEADLE HIILME.—This engagement was decided at Cheadle Hulme on Saturday and resulted in a draw. Score : WARRINGTON. CHEADLE HULIi E. P. B. Hawtin c Taylor b E. Rome b Lynes 0 Teather Lynes c E Rome b Teather 5 C. H. Williams b Lynes 9 ;W. H. Podmore o Wil- G. E. Radford not out 20 hams b Teather 2 J. Callon c Williams b Radford 4 J. W. Bibby b Teather SI. T. Houghton b Teather 2 •' A. Thewlis c Williams b Teather 8 • J. Thompson c Smith b Teather lB A. Duckworth c Cadman

b Radford . 3 G. Hampson not ont l9 T. Wright b W. Kershaw 8 Extras l9 Extras

Total 139 Total (for 2 wkts) 47 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. CHEADLE HIILME. O. M. R. W. O. AS . R. w. Teather 2O 439 7 Lynes l2 5 19 2 G. E. Radford 19 47 2 A. Thewlis 8 3 13 0 W. Kershaw 7 2 21 1 WHPodmore 3 1 15 0 J. Kershaw 4 0 13 0

WARRINGTON V.CHEADLE HIMME(SECOND ELEVENS). —This return match was played at Warrington on Saturday, and resulted in an easy win for the home eleven. Score:—

WARRINGTON. CHEADLE lICLME. R. Connor b James 27 Wik Mc Jaffery c Bain- W. M. Silcock b Parker 2O 114 ridge b Bennett ... 8 W. Richardson c Bazley J. Moss b Bennett 0 b McJaffery 7 J. H. Holt b Silcock... 4 E. Pierpoint b James 2 H. Bazley run out 2 Bainbridge run out C. D. Bromley run out... 7 H. Parker b Silcock D. Plinston b Moss

F. Burton c J. IL Holt c Bennett - 9 James 7 W. James b Bennett ... 0 S. Denton c Land b L. H. Land not out ... 24 McJaffery 1 J. Kershaw run out ... 1 W. Bennett c James b F. Mills c Denton b Parker

T. Crompton not out 2 Extras l2

Extras

Total l4O

Total 62

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. PLATT BRIDGE P.M.-- Played on Saturday on the ground of the former, and ended in a win for the visitors after a pleasantly con- tested game by six runs. Score:—

• PLATT BRIDGE P.M. Sberbourne o H. Cook b

WIRE mru,s. Woodcock Derbyshire

J. Evans 6 Jackson c Kenwright b H. Cook b Wood 4 Doody Foster b It. Cook Walker b Doody 7 Monks b Woods 3 Sanders b Doody Woods c and b J. Evans 9 Kenwright b Walker 0 Smith b Doody 0 Hawthorn b Woods ... 7 Draper b Kenwright 9 Powell run out 0 Evans not out l2 W. Evans not out Dickson run out 0 E. Cook run out 0 • Derbyshire c and b Ken- wright Extras - 6

Total 5B Total 52 LYNIM V. OUGHTRINGTON.—At Lynun on Saturday. Score :

OEIGHTRINGTON. LYMM. W. Polt bD. Jones 1 H. Saville run out 9 H. Whiteleggec Thorpe b R. Walsh run out Jones F. H. Powell b Thorpe 3 H. Thorpe b Thomason 15 A. Westwell b Thorpe G Telfer c Walsh b Thorpe 1 A. S. Ferris b Impey 3 H. Holt c& b Barwell 0 D. Jones b Impey 0 H. Hoskinson c Parris b _ R. E Wilksc Thomason

D. Jones A. Impey b Thorpe l9 T. G. Bate not out ... 29 F. Clarke et Pollitt b F. Parris b Thomason 15 Jones A. Tunstall not out 0 Tunstall J. Thomas on b Thorpe ... .0 _

Extras ' 10

Extras

Total

Total 108

LATCHFORD BAPTISTS V. GRA PPENHALL Played at Latchford, and resulted in a win for the home team. Score :

===== 0002601_19030815_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST,

WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life yv ~ and yeL e think tne idea might be improvt,d upon and reduced to a more simpie for. Take some goo-. Compound such a:

COCKLeS ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS) as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS, f;or BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S PILLS

l'Ao you receiv- these

Y. Irebl '""r" essa •:es x

They are about your health. When your health goes the least bit wrong, a wireless message is sent to your brain. It says something like this.

"You are not quite well—take a dose a

at once and it will put you right."

Do you attend to these messages when you receive them? You should do so—BEECHAM'S PILLS often prevent a serious illness, and so

prove themselves "Worth a Guinea a Box."

,=• ; .* -„ 2;4 • . ik 1 ;•• • . , . ' . • •

===== 0002601_19030815_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DAN MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding a Speltality. ?Largest 5t0:..,1c o Moulidings in the Kingdom. Send for PA.TIERN ih.:OK. New Edition, thoroughly revisal ani ealarge4 to 15.3 pages, JUST PUBLISHICCI. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date. Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. Importer cf Glass. Glass Stock lists free on application.

MOROI, 17 ald 13, CHAT ST. AMEN STREET, SLEJAISBIRY, LONIMN, we.

Warel fusee : 11, 12rand 13, reare Yarl, and 41, Neal Street. Tele.graphie Address : —.• Rabbitry, Lou ton."

===== 0002601_19030815_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FALSE TEETH BOUGHT:, Best Price Giveu,—BRADLEY, OAle. Wislieth•

===== 0002601_19030815_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE

"F GOUT AND IRHEUMATISM.

EADE'S PILLS.

NOTHING TO EQUAL THEM! !

130. Holmley-terrace, Drontleld, Nr. Sheffield, October 23r.1, 1932. Dear Sir,—l am sending you my tEstimonial for your Pills I think Lhey 're the finest things in the world, and have received great benefit from taking them. I have also recom- mended them to all my friends, who have been greatly relieved by them. I shall coqtinue to take your Pills when necessary. and will recommend them whenever I can. I have tried several others, bet have not found any to equal. -

Your trulv, JAMISS BROWICS.

EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are p r.fecitly s:fe in thsir ion, elimitt. all injarioa matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is. 111. and 2s. 93.„ or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by tke Proprietor GEORGE BADB, 232, Goswell-road, London, HT

EUMATIC PILLS.

11, 0 is . wonctertul water prooter for . BOOTS & HARNESS. Sof- / tens and preserves the leather a es ,itil bl odour allow polis- hingEXHlßlTlA HIGHEST GOLO MEDAL • AWARDS. • 0 Tins 2d.. 6d., 7/- 67.216 of Boot Dubbin Makvrs, Saddkrs, Ironmongers &c. Manntactory East Dul-snch, London.

DR. DE ROOS COMPOUND RENAL PILLS

Arejustly celebrated all over the world as the most safe and epee dy remedy for Pains in the Back, Gravel, Lumbago. Gout, Rheumatism, Weakness across the Loins, Sandy or other i'Deposits, Stone in the Bladder, Discharges, and Diseases of the Kidneys and Urinary Organs generally - Many complaints, supposed to be nervot:s, often arise solely from comtamination of the blood with certain impurities which should have been carried off by the kidneys, Rvery package bears the Government stamp, with the words, " WALTIPt DR ROOS, LONDON," thereon, by order of his Majesty's Hon. Commissioners. Price is. 2s. 9d. at all Medicine Hmises, or post free from Proprietor Holford House, Holford-square. London, W.C.

THIf NNW FIIKNOH rHERAPION This successful cad highly° .1_ • ftopular remedy. as em- ployod in the Continental Hospitals by flieord Noatan,Jobert Velpeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots,blotches, pains and :swelling of the joints, kidney, bladder, and urinary disease-strictur discharges, piles, gravel, pains in the beck, rheumatism,gout sleeplessness.netvous and physical exhanstion,eto. Therapioa is prepared in three different forms Nos. 1,2 and 3 according to diseases for which intended. roll particulars send-starnpe," addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR N. JOHNSON 43, Ifoixo34-squatiE,lLLa

===== 0002601_19030815_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ft

===== 0002601_19030815_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19030815_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, si.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
41 • 't4l it ), t ! . • • 4,11. 41 3 4' t 4

===== 0002601_19030815_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday August 15, 1903. WARRINGTON SHOW. THURSDAY'S SUCCESSFUL EXHIBI- TION AT WALTON.

imes traceable to the stupid bigotry of individual parsons, but not infrequently the consequence of a growing sense of the grave doctrinal differences between the teaching of the Church and the convic- tions of the people. But, on the whole, Disestablishment cannot, I think, be considered as yet a popular demand. What of our statesmen and leaders? How are they disposed to the question? This is not the heroic age of statesmen. Hr. Balfour is not the only promi- Inent politician who has not settled convictions. In 1885 Mr. Chamberlain used to explain his animosity against the Establishment by referring to ancestors of his own who, so he said, were" ejected" from their livings in 1662, having, no doubt—though Mr. Cham- berlain never referred to this—" intruded" themselves upon previous occupants in Cromwellian times. None of our present Liberal leaders are in the least likely to produce " ejeoted " ancestors to give colour to their speeches on this topic. They are men of milder mood, and for the most part conformists to the rites and ceremonies of the Estaly, lishment. Besides from a House of Commons point of view—Disestablishment and partial Disendow- ment would be a gigantic undertaking. Obstruction would raise its head unabashed. The guillotine would never cease falling. The "wear and tear " would be stupendous. It would be easier to abolish the House of Lords. Clearly, in an unheroic age, Disestablish- meat is not an attractive policy. Another noticeable feature of our time is ' grow- ing love for pageants and public show. The very ilawyers have taken to going to Westminster Abbey on the first day of Michaelmas term. It is not a par- ticularly pious or impressive ceremony—or "function," if that be the right word—but it is symptomatic of much. The Coronation was a great spectacle. If the Church is disestablished, who is to crowa the next King? What religion is he to profess? May he be a Baptist, and if a Baptist, why not a Paptist ? If the Empire is ever to be federated, decency demands that the event should be celebrat4 in some building more associated with deep emotion than the Mansion House. Westminster Abbey and St. Paul's Cathedral alone answer the needs of national life when touched with. feeling; and without Establishment who would con- duct the services?

These may not be important or relevant questions, but they are in the air just now, and would be asked and answered were the controversy to become active.

As things are at present, I do wit think there is any chance of Disestablishment and Disendowment entering the arena of practical politics for years to come ; but of this lam even more sure—that the whole question will bej increasingly discussed, and with growing fervour, day by day. The first step taken will, and must be, the modification of the Education Act of last year in well known respects ' • and when this has been done the ultimate fate of the Establishment will prob- ably be found to depend upon the strength or weakness of the Protestantism of the nation. A Protestant Establishment may long endure. The present status quo cannot. It is dishonest, dangerous, and absurd.

[This article forms one of a series which we have arranged with:leading members of the Eighty Club to contribute to:our columns. Book copyright strictly re- served. The next article will be by Mr. George Greenwood, entitled "The House of Lords."]

Usually so quiet and peaceful, the village of Walton was all bustle and animation on Thursday when what is now generally known as the " Warrington Show" was held. It is not every agricultural society that. can boast of such a picturesquely-situated show ground as Walton Park, but thanks to the generosity of its esteemed President, Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., the Warring 4:)n and District Agricultural Society annually avails itself of the privilege so readily conceded of holding its show within the borders of Sir Gilbert's beautiful detne,sne. Surrounded on all sides by charm- ing cnintry, Walton Park is - admirably adapted for show purposes, but many • townspeople who would not lay claim to a knowledge of agri- culture or kindred pursuits . take advantage of the opportunity of spending a pleasant time in beautiful Cheshire by visiting the show Sir Gilbert always throws the trimly-kept grounds,stables, piggeries, &c., open to the inspection of the visitors and the concession is highly appreciated. The officials of the Society have every reason to congratulate them- selves upon the signal success which attended Thurs- day's show. For once the elements were in a cheerful mood. Brilliant weather favoured the opening of the show" and with the exception of showers late in the afternoon the conditions throughout the day were ideal.l The result was to be seen in the large concourse of visitors. Vehicles of all descriptions streamed up to , the park and in the afternoon the ground presented an appearance of brightness and animation. No fewer than 3,000 persons paid for admission during the day, and in addition the members, exhibitors, and attendants present would number about 1,000. The attendance would be about double that. of last year. Of the show itself, there was a unanimity of opinion that it was a credit to the society. Several new features were introduced. Mr. J. H. Stokes,of Market Harborough, who for some years has been a very successful ex- hibitor, offered several. prizes, and this enabled the society to form an additional hunter class. There were also two classes for polo ponies and they attracted a fair number of exhibitors, considering that they were an entirely new departure. The entries, in most departments showed an improvement upon last year, but there was a falling off in the shire classes. It was also regrettable that there should be a marked decrease in the sections for vanners' or light lurry horses, and heavy horses with vehicles. In the last named class, instead of the heavy entry which is usually experienced, the exhibits which entered the ring numbered only three, excluding two sent by Messrs. Peter Walker and Son, Limited, which were not for competition. In the cattle classes there was a gratifying improvement, but the pig classes were not by any means as well filled as might reasonably have been expected. FEATURES OF THE SHOW.

The Warrington showholds a high reputation for the quality of the shire horse exhibits, which was fully maintained. Mr. James Gould, of Lyman, was as usual to the fore with animals of superior quality. His splen- did Lyn= Bounce—a big-boned, active typical shire— headed the district mare class. The barren mares were another excellent class, and Mr. Gould again wen with a daughter of Carbon, eight years old. Yearling colts or geldings were a rather poor class, but fillies were a good lot. The best class in the section, however, was that for two-year-old fillies. Mr. Cavendish's Tatton Maggie—a gix-year-old bay with great girth, good feet, and splendid reach—took chief honours for mares in the open section, and was shown in bloom. Mr. Lewis Dodd's young mare, by Seldom Seen, was a good second. There was an exceptionally fine class of hackneys. Colonel Lees Knowles's Mystery ran Rosemary, the famous winner, very close. Hunters were an excellent entry in both numbers and quality. Being just before the season some of the best-known animals in the coun- try were here. Sir Gilbert Greenall offered special premiums for tenant farmers. The saddle classes of hunters were better than at many county shows. The winning four-year-old, Android, is the picture of a hunter, and has good riding shoulders. One of the best classes in the show was that for hunters foaled in 1896 or since, and up to 13 stone and not more than 14st. 71b. The judges were a long time deciding the places below the first. A very well shaped bay and an easy galloper of Mr. Drage's was first. The jumping contest was one of the most interesting features of the show and so keen was the competition that the first and second prizes were divided. The cattle, though not over numerous, were of an ex- tremely useful type for dairy purposes, and especially suitable for agricultural districts in thenear vicinity of large towns. Mr. S. W. Gould, of Lymm was a pro- minent winner. The two-year-old heifer class might, perhaps, have shown improvement, though the beast that gained premier honours was a fine specimen. Per- haps the best class was that for young bulls. There were only 13 entries in the classes for pigs, but the quality left little to be desired. For breeding sows, the winner (owner, Mr. John.Thontag, of Grappenhall) was a nice type of animal. The second winner fell off in certain points while the third was not developed but will probably make an even better sow than the one which was awarded the second prize. In class 46 for the best cottager's pig, the first prize winner was a fine specimen with very symmetrical proportions. In class 47, for the best gilt (any breed born in 1903), Mr. R. T. Bridge carried off first, second, and third prizes. The only other exhibitor was awarded the reserve prize for a very good animal. The work of judging was ably carried out by the following :—Shires and Draught Geldings: A. W. Richman and George Ball. Hunters: T. Wickham Boyntqii and the Earl of Orkney. Polo Ponies: Major- Egerton Green. Hackneys and Harness: C. W. Wilson and A. E. Evans. Jumpers: J. Hepherd and T. Barton. Pigs: J. Ashworth. Butter and Cheese: T. Welsby. Shoeing Examination: T. Hopkin and A. Munro. The exhibits at the private stands were very credit- able the following firms being represented :—Messrs. Garton's, Limited, seed growers and merchants, War- rington; Dickson and Robinson, seedsmen' Manchester; Dutton and Bean, agricultural implement agents, War- rington; Day and Sons, animal medicines, Crewe; Mrs. Massey, Acton Grange nurseries, near Warring- ton; Clibrans, nurserymen, Altrincham, Cheshire (exhibit of cut flowers) : Joseph Crosfield and Sons. Ltd., Warrington, agricultural lime and egg pre- serving solution; E. Parkinson, 19,Bridge-street; Earles- town (exhibit of horse condiment) ; Henry and Julius Cmsar, Knutsford (exhibit of rustic summer houses) ; the Stockton Heath Forge Company, 'Warrington (ex- hibit of agricultural implements) ; Joseph Muskett, wheelwright, Higher Walton, near Warrington (exhibit of carriages, Ste.) ; and Charles Kinns, nurseryman and seedsman, St. Helens. The display of cut flowers was a excellent one. During the day the well-known Kingston Mills Band played a capital programme in a manner which called forth favourable comments on all hands.

Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall as usual took a great interest in the show and did their utmost to make it a success. It is interesting to know that the receipts from the grand stand, which was erected qn the spot usually occupied by Sir Gilbert's private stand, were double theamount received from the same source last year. Praise is due to the whole of the officials for the expeditious way in which the arrangements were carried out, and especially to Mr. H. Beresford Melville who discharged the secretarial duties with ability.

live to see the members of their family grow up, each fulfilling a useful place in society and in the world at large. The Agricultural Society was doing a very great amount of good. He could remember not many years ago when a horse took first prize which would simply have not been looked at to-day. That showed perfectly well that those who used horses—and there were a great many represented that day—were getting a little pride and commonsense instilled into them in the direction of believing that the best article was the cheapest in the end. He hoped that spirit would be further cultivated, that the Society had many years of extreme usefulness before it, and that they all might live to see the time when they might congratulate the worthy President and his wife upon being grandparents. (Applause). Sir GILBERT GREENA.LLy in reply, expressed what great pleasure it afforded him to meet all his friends of the showing world and he hoped and trusted that with the best of luck they might be spared another year to meet at the Walton show. (Applause.)"

THE PRIZE LIST.

SHIRRS.

District Classes.-Brood mare, with foal at foot: 1, James Gould, Lymm, Warrington; 2 and 3, Colonel R. L Blackburne, C. 8., Hale Hall, Liverpool. Mare, four years oldand upwards, without foal: 1, J. Gould, 2 and cup, Alfred Broome, Preston Brook; 3, Isaac Dilworth, Widnes. Colt foal: 1, J. Shakeshaft, Lymm ; 2, T. Jeffs; 3, Colonel R. I. Blackburne. Filly foal: 1, H. and R. Ainscough, Risley; 2, J. Gould; 3 and premium, J. Whitlow, Stockton Heath. Yearling colt or gelding: 1, T. Charnock, Hale; 2 and 3, E. Gibbon, Lymm. Yearling filly: 1 and champion and special and gold medal, J. Gould; 2, H. Mawdsley,Hatton; 3, H. and R. Ainscough. Two-year-old colt or gelding: 1, H. and R. Ainscough; 2, T. Charnock: 3, W. Fowles, jun., Hatton. Two-year-old filly: 1, H. and R. Ainscough; 2, A. C. Sparkes, Altrincham ; 3, Colonel R. I. Black- burne. Three-year-old filly: 1, R. Clarke, Warrington; 2 and 3, Colonel R. I. Blackburne. Gelding, foaled in 1849 or 1900: 1, E. Gibbon, Lymm; 2, Peter Davies, Warburton; 3, H. T. Whitley, Preston Brook. Open Classes.-Brood mare, 4 years old and upwards, with foal at foot: 1, V. C. W. Cavendish, M.P. ;2, Lewis Dodd, Tarporley ; 3, W. H. Morrison, Brom- borough. Colt foal: 1, V. C. WA Cavendish, M.P.; 2, Colonel R. I. Blackburne ; 3, T. Warburton, Daresbury. Filly foal: 1 and cup, H. and R. Ainscough; 2, J. Gould; 3, John Whitlow, Stockton Heath. Gelding, four years old and upwards: I,T. Edwards, Litherland ; 12, A. C. Sparkes ; 3, Warrington Slate Company, Ltd.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WRITER OF OUR NEXT "SPECIAL."

Mr. George Greenwood, the writer of the next article in our series of Political "Specials," was one of the original members of the Eighty Club. He was educated at Eton, where he was a contemporary of Mr. Herbert Gladstone, and then graduated at Cambridge. He first came into active political life during the great campaign against the Bulgarian atrocities, and has since then always belonged to the advance guard of the Liberal party. In the great struggle for Home Rule, Mr. Green- wood enthusiastically espoused the cause of the Irish, and during the critical period of the summer of 1886 was selected to second the vote of thanks to Mr. John Morley, M.P., at the great Eighty Club dinner of that year. At the historic meeting of the Club in the following year, when the split between the Dissentient Liberals and the Home Rulers became complete, Mr. Greenwood acted as teller, and received the visiting- cards of the defeated section as they filed out of the large dining-room of the Westminster Palace Hotel in token of resignation. In 1889, Mr. Greenwood made a gallant attempt to win a Unionist seat at Peterborough at very short notice; and last year the Liberal Association of that city unanimously re-invited him to fight their battle again at the next opportunity. Besides writing for some of the great reviews, Mr. Greenwood has the pleasant gift of the rhymester, and some delightful verses to Mr. Chamberlain from his pen appear in the current number of the Ele:tor, ending—

===== 0002601_19030815_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
But now you're in for Zollverein, Protectionist—What ho! You're Mr. Seddon—Armageddon, Preferential Joe ! MUNICIPAL BO Wurlti GREENS. What the Town Hall, Parks, and Baths Committee are Doing.

At the monthly meeting of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council held in Bold-street Wesleyan School on Tuesday evening under the presidency of Mr. J. Edwardson, the Secretary (Mr. F. Stott) reported that acting upon the instructions of the Council he wrote to the Town Clerk asking what was being done by the Town Council in the diretion of providing municipal bowling greens. He received a reply porn Mr. Whittle to the effect that It was originally the intention of the Town Hall, Parks. and Baths Committee to include a sum in this year's estimate for the provision of a bowling green, but owing to the large increase in the rates necessitated by the Education Act the item had been omitted. He (Mr. Stott) again wrote asking if from that letter the Council were to understand that nothing further would be done by the Town Council until a sum had been included in the es- timates for the provision of bowling greens. To this, the Town Clerk replied that he woul lay the letter be- fore the committee and he could not tell what the in- tentions of the members were until they had considered the letter. He (Mr. Stott) wrote asking for further particulars, and the Town Clerk replied stating that he was instructed by the committee to inform him that they had given instructions to the Borough Surveyor to prepare a plan and estimate for the provision of a bowling green, and that the committee had under con- sideration the question of providing a green within the borough. The matter would be reported in due course to the Council. _ _ .

Several members expressed satisfactionat the progregs which was being made.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

NORTHERN RUGBY UNION. THE TWELVE-ASIDE PROPOSITION. NORTHERN UNION. On Tuesday evening a general meeting of the Union was held, Mr. Clifford priding. The following officials were appointed :—President, R. Collinge, Rochdale Hornets; vice-president, F. Lister, Bradford;_hon.

. . , , The ReSPECTOR said two verbal complaints had been'treasurer, J. Nichol], Halifax; hon. secretary, J. Platt, received. of themiisance arising from Longford Depet.l revision of the Prayer-Book inn Protestant sense.f -n_ Oldham. The professional Committee was a.ppointed as .Mr. Keeowees asked when the improvements under-I At present, so it seems to me—allowing or i under:—Messrs. Collinge, Houghton, Lister, Clifford, taken by the Corporation would be completed, and 1 dividual exceptions—all Nonconformists are Libera- Nicholl and Platt. Permission to play twelve a-side The leeeecroaread the follo.wing.letter which Messrs : tionists, and all Churchmen anti-Liberationists, though was granted in respect to county matches, Yorkshire Browne azod Crompton, who are acting on behalf of the for different reasons. Junior Cup ties, and Lancashire Cup ties. On behalf Council.:hed received from the Town Clerk :—I have 1 Having disposed of these contending parties, who of the Yorkshire Senior competition, Westmorland and to inform -you'that a culvert for -drawing off the vapours , are at all events vocal, what is to be said of the dumb North Lancashire Junior League, Northwestern Junior from the dryers is in course of conetruction and will be : League Yorkshire Rugby Combination and Lancashire finished next week. Mr. Russell .Duncan is pushing 1 Rugby Combination, the committee recommended that masses—of that great majority of the population who , chapel? Some of these are ne on with the apparatus for dealing with the waste ,go neither to church nor c a twelve a-side team should consist of one full back waters, Ste. The chainnaft of the committee is in corn- I doubt genuine Indifferentists—wilful, deliberate, and three three-quarter backs, two half backs, and six munication with an eminept chemist with a view of ;persistent abstainers from public worship—either on forwards. The following clubs were exempted from the dealing with ether parts of the plant, and I have little . account of positive unbelief or from some dislike of qualifying and intermediate rounds of the Challenge doubt that some practical ..res lilt will follow. I am ' organised Christianity. Indifferentists are usually Cup competition :—Broughtora Rangers, Batley, Brad- somewhat surprised at your statement that during the : clergy . . last fortnight the nuisance has been greater than ever, i I well disposed to an Establishment, since it provides a ford, Halifax, Huddersfield, Hull, Hull Kingston Rovers, Hunslet, Leeds. Oldham Runcorn, Salford, as Iliad been informed that since the erection of the . who will marry and bury as a matter of business • Swinton, Warrington, Widnes, leeighley, and Leigh. new and improved dryer there had .been a marked and without asking questions. Zealots are bred in The following were exempted from the qualifying improvement. - I sects and supported by voluntary contributions. A round:—Barrow, Birkenhead, . Bramley, Brighouse Mr, KNOWLES said that one day last week the smell State Church makes it easy all round. Rangers, Castleford, Dewsbury, Holbeck, Lancaster, -Knees bad if not worse than ever he had known it to be. ! The great bulk, however, of religious Abstainers Millam, Morecamb, Nonnanton, Pontefract, Rochdale Mr. Baer said there had not been the least improve- are so from habit, and not from any speculative Hornets, South Shields, St. Helens, Wakefield Trinity, ,meat. ; proclivities. Low, hours, hard lives, and perpetual York and Maryport. Mr. KNOWLES said they had been told) in years' gone ,- •NORTHERN LEAGUE. by that improvements would be made. The depbt was poverty leave . little' t. fofcces of me or temper ~or the . . ~ , • held A meeting of the committee wasonTuesday at. an intolerable nuisance, mad if there was not a marked asis religion. Happily, no animosity towards religion the George Hotel, Huddersfield, Mr. J. Clifford, Hudders- improvem ent before the next meeting he would move yet noticeable among this huge class. Piety, devoted- field, presiding. that certain steps be taken. 1 ness, self-sacrifice are respected and recognised wher- St. Helens F.C. were elected members of the Lance- NEW cilApEr. ,IT itinvroNwooti• • ever they are seen, whether in Catholic or Anglican shire Combination. The SURVEYOR produced plans of a new Wesleyan priest or Nouclnformist minister. Distinctions often The following players were put on andstruck off their Chapel which it is proposed to erect at Bertonwood, esteemed to be of grave importance are usually respective club's registers : and.the Council approved of them. COVNTY COUNCIL GRANT• j nothing in the sight of the working man, wit will o In . Put on.—Warrington : G. Thomas. Newport. Wig an : T. Barton Hindley • W. Smith, Warrington; and W. The SURVEYOR said he was pleased to inform the send his child to Board School or Church Scho3l with Fishwick, local. ' Council that the Main Roads and Bridges Committee of perfect indifference. Struck off.—Warrington: W. Smith and A. Bergess. the County Council had recommended an additional In our large towns there is no ill feeling towards Broughton Rangers: R. Hargreeves, Leigh: W. Barrett, grunt of .£2OO for the cost of completing the raising of either Church or Dissent except in a few places,where J. Eccleston J. Flanagan, G. Heron, W. Jones, W: the road at Sankey Bridges to prevent flooding. H --6 for one reason or another, the Protestantism. of the Pearson, A. 'Bennett, and J. Norbury. Swinton: J. would put the work in hand at once. Berry and J. J. Howell. Wigan: J. Anderton, P. Cox, J. , HALTON'S BRIDGE DIPROVE3/ENT. • b has been carefully nurtured. In many of our 1 mo In ,conneotion with this improvement, the Surveyorsell-sacrificing labours of the clergy, both o cities the .h f Heyes, J. Moon, 6. J. Mason. S. Menock, H. M'Gmth, , J. Rowbuson, D. Rolands, J. Schofield, A. Short, T. i reported that alit mains, telePhone roosts, trunk lines, the Roman and the Anglican communione. have Sumner, and T. G. Timmins. I gas and water pipes had been removed into the new line attracted Much attention from the poor who witness Mr. I' Welsh, of Stockport, was appointed a member ' and the work wooldraow proceed without further delay their devotion. In country districts there is often of the Board of Appeal 'rice Mr, C. A. Brewer, of Hull, ' One side of the new read was nOW through and traffic , much ill feeling towarde the Church a Englaadisome-,,deceasecl. yould shortly be diverted tothe newr?ad,single line. . . 40 ther i f ulege * publ • interest. . 'pore iitao ensf lc

===== 0002601_19030815_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LUNCHEON.

- As usual the President entertained a large company at luncheon, and afterwards the usual toaxts were honoured Captain Withington proposed" The Warrington and District Agricultural society "coupling with it the name of the president. He said he had been present at the meetings of the society from its inception and the shows had, with varied weather, been attended with the best of success.

In responding, Sir Gilbert Greene.ll said it had been a great pleasure and honour to him to have been president of the society since its foundation. They had not been very fortunate as regarded the weather in former years, in fact this was the first time the showhad been favoured with fine weather since it had been held .on the new ground. He thought they had every reason to con- gratulate themselves upon the very fine exhibition that day. Although the exhibits might have been more numerous he did not think they could be beaten in the matter of quality. If they got the best specimens of each breed for which they had classes he did not think they could ask for very much more. He thought a little more interest might be taken in the work of the Society by membars who lived in the neighbourhood, not only in regard to the show, but by trying to increase the membership. Everybody who had anything to do with shows and showing must know that the greater the number of people they had inter- ested in the undertaking, the greater its success would be. (Applause.) Mr. J. W. KENWORTH v proposed the health of "The Judges" and spoke of the confidence reposed in those gentlemen by the exhibitors. They looked upon the Warrington show as being the show which put ther right men in theright place,and they hoped the Society might prosper. (Applause.) Mr. C. W. WILSON responded. He had, he said,atten- ded the show for several years, and if the Chairman invited him to attend in future—whether as an official or as a guest—he should certainly come as long as he could possibly "wag a leg." (Izitiierter.) In regard to the hackney classes which he had judged there was cer- tainly a great improvement. (Applause.) Mr. H. ROBERTS proposed the toast of "The Presi- dent," and after facetiously remarking that Captain Withington had stolen his toast, said he thought he could forgivejhim for the reason that it was extremely diffi- cult to think of the Warrington and District Agricul- tural Society without at the same time thinking of its worthy President. (Applause), He could not separate from the toast of the President the name of his excellent wije. They all congratulated Sir Gilbert upon his choice. He had now added to himself a family, and they hoped that Sir Qilbert and Lady Greenall might

===== 0002601_19030815_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
HUNTERS.

District Classes.—Brood mare, having produced a living foal by, or stinted to a thoroughbred or registered hunter sire in 1903: 1, J. Palmer, Lymin ; 2, R. Need- ham, Knutsford ; 3, and premium, R.Prescott, North- wich. Foal, by a thoroughbred or registered hunter sire : 1, T. and G. Parry, Northwich ; 2, R. Prescott ; 3, R. Needham. Yearling colt, gelding, or filly, by a thoroughbred or registered hunter sire: 1 and medal, R. Needham: 2 and premium, T. and G. Parry; 3, Joseph Hewitt, Stretton. Two or three year old geld- ing or filly by a thoroughheed or registered hunter sire: 1 and medal, the Earl Egerton, Tatton Park; 2, C. Schwabe, Altrincham ; 3, Mrs. Griffiths, Northwich. Hunter mare or gelding, foaled in 1899 : 1 and 3, J. H. Stokes, Market Harboro' ; 2, John Drage, Northampton. Hunter mare or gelding, foaled in 1896, 1897, 1898, or 1899, equal to carry 13st. and not more than 14st, 71b.: I, John Drage."; 2, F. J. and H. Grainger, Boston Spa; 3, F. B. Wilkinson, Edwinstone ; 4, J. H. Stokes. Hunter mare or gelding, foaled in 1896, 1897, 1898, or 1899, equal to carry 14st. 71b. and upwards:; I, H. B. Cory, Castleton ; 2, J. H. Stokes; 3, John Drage. Hunter mare or gelding foaled in 1895-99, not exceeding 15,2 hands equal to carry 14st. : 1, Sir H. De Trafford, Market Harboro'; 2. G. A. Lousada, Market Harboro'; 3, H. Clarke, Grantham.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
POLO PONIES,

_ Open to the United Kingdom.—Light weight pony, four years old and upwards: 1 and 2, J. H. Stokes; 3, G. Norris Midwood, Congleton. Heavy weight pony, four years old and upwards: 1, G. A. Lousada, Market Harborough; 2, A. L. Oataod, Bolton.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
HACKNEYS.

District Classes.—Brood mare by registered hackney having produced a living foal by, or stinted to, a registered hackney in 1903: 1 and premium, A. C. Sparkes Oldfield, Altrincham ; 2, Colonel Lees Knowles, M.P.; 3, F. Hardy, Ashton-on-Mersey. Foal by regis- tered hackney out of a mare by a registered hackney sire: 1, A. L. Goodson, Heathfleld, Knutsford : 2, F. Hardy; 3, James Tinsley, Warrington; r, Arthur Morris, Thelwall. Yearling colt, gelding or filly: 1, Colonel Lees Knowles, M.P.; 2, A. L. Goodson; 3, James M'Waters, Widnes. Two or three-year-old geld- ing or filly: 1 and 3, A. L. Goodson; 2, Colonel Lees Knowles, M.P.; r and premium, C. Bower, Appleton Thorne. Pony brood mare, not exceeding 14 hands: 1, J. Makeague, Newton-le-Willows; 2 and premium, C. Bower, Warrington; 3, E. Isherwood, Warrington. Foal: 1, E. Isherwood ; 2, J. Makeague ; 3, J. M'Waters.

Harness Classes (open to the United Kingdom).—Mare or gelding, 15 hands and over: 1, Miss E. S. Ross, Sale; 2, Mrs. F. Holmes, Shipley; 3, G. Pimlott, Altrincham. Mare or gelding, under 15 hands and exceeding 14 hands: 1, G. Ledson, Brornborough ; 2, G. Pimlott ; 3, J. R. Krebser, Childwall. Mare or gelding not exceeding 14 hands; 1. G. E. Franklin, Derby; 2, T. G. Rowe, Greasby ; 3,C. Jones, St. Helens.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
JUMPERS.

Open to the United Kingdom, over fences and water, 1 and 2 divided between Mrs. Blockley, Moor Hall, Madeley, and F. V. Grange, Farndon ; 3, F. W. Foster, Derby; 4, T. Roberts, Liverpool.

TRADESMEN'S OR TENANT FARMERS TERNouTs. Light horses (single or pair), vehicle and harnass.-1, C. Jones, St. Helens • 2, C. Bower, Appleton Theme; 3, G. Pimlott, Altrincham ; 4, William Monks,Warring- ton ; r. exors of John Blackshaw, Hatton; hc,G. H. Wood, Altrincham.

Vanners, or light lurry horses (single or pair) vehicle and harness.-1, the Co-operative Society Limited, War- rington; 2, William Monks, Bridge-street. Heavy Horses (single or team) vehicle and harness. 1, the Warrington Slate Company Limited; 2, H. T. Whitlow., Preston Brook, 3, W. and J. Richardson, Marson-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
CATTLE.

District Classes.—One dairy cow: 1 and district challenge cup, S. W. Gould, Lymm ; 2, It. Clarke, War- burton Park, Warrington; 3, T. Billington, Preston Brook. For Tenant Farmers.—One dairy cow: 1, W. Fowles, jun., Hatton; 2 and 3, It. Clarke. For tenant farmers not farming more than 50 statute acres.—One dairy cow: 1 and premium: G. J. Baxter, Stretton ; 2, G. Robinson, Hattoß. Heifer, born 1901: 1 and premium, S. W. Gould; 2, J. Marsh, Lymtn ; 3, J. Taylor? Hatton. Heifer, born 1902: 1 and 2, J. It. Newt.* Warburton; 3, A. Pimlott. Bull, born in or before 1902 : 1, G. G., Marsh, Speke ;2, J. Highfield, Northwich ; 3, T. Billington, Preston Brook. Bull, born in 1901 or 1902 : 1, G. G. Marsh, Spoke ; 2, S. Davies, Heatley ; 3, T. Warburton, Daresbury.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
PIGS.

District Classes.—Breeding sow, in-pig, any age or breed: 1, J. Thomas, 'Warrington; 2, R. Prescott, North- wich ;3, Mrs. Peter Leather, Stretton. Cottager's pig (for cottagers whose rent does not exceed £l2 per annum). 1, G. Haddcck, Whitley; 2, J. Miller, Apple- ton Thorne. Best gilt, any breed, born in 1903 : 1, 2 and 3, R. T. Bridge, Latchford.

CHEESE AND BUTTER.

Three cheeses, 401bs. each or over : 1, J. Dilworth, Manley; 2 J. E. Gerrard, Arley Moss ; 3, V: Prescott, Aston-by-liudworth. Three cheeses above 20Ibs. each and under 401bs. each: 1, T. Dawson, Helsby ; 2, J. Dilworth; 3, J. E. Gerrard. Two pounds of butter, 'made up in 31bs., and slightly silted: 1. and 3, Sir R. M. Brooke, Norton Priory, Runcorn ; 2, Mrs. Joseph. Taylor, Hatton.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SPECIAL PRIZES.

District Champion Cup (value £10), for best exhibit in shires, Mr. J. Gould, Lymm. Silver Cup, for best shire foal, Messrs. H. and R. Ainscough, Risley. Special Prize for best shire filly, Mr. Gould. District Challenge Cup (value £l5), for best exhibit in c4tle classes,Mr. S. W. Gould, Foxley Hall, Lyrnm. Special Prizes for best shod horses.-1, Colonel R. Ireland Blackburne's, blacksmith; 2 Mr. T. Percival's (Moore), blacksmith; 3, Mr. G. Pimlott's (Altrincham), blacksmith.

Universal Medicine Chest (Messrs.. Day and Sons, Crewe), for best exhibit by a tenant farmer in certain cattle classes, Mr. S. W. Gould. _ _

Special prizes for 3 best shire foals got by any of Mr. J. W. Kenworthy's horses: 1, Colenel R. I.Blackburne ; 2, L. Dodd, Rushton ; 3, T. Warburton, Daresbury. Gold medal presented by Shire Horse Society for best mare or filly (owner td have been a member of the Society for not less than six months) : J. Gould. Silver medals presented by Hunters' Improvement Society for best exhibits in certain classes : 1, Lord Egerton; 2 and 3, R. Needham. Knutsford. Silver medal presented by Hackney Horse Society for best hackney or pony mare, filly orally foal: A. C. Sparkes, Altrincham. Gold medal presented by Hackney Horse Society for best mare or gelding exhibited in single harness: Mrs. F. Holmes, Shipley.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
The Light Railway to Stockton Heath.

Notices have been- served for the construction of light railway number 1 which extends from the tram- way terminus at Wilderspool to Victoria &inAre, Stockton Heath. Plans have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace and at the Town Clerk's office. Owners of. property along the route have—also been served with notices to treat.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

-•-•••••• -.- ......

Frit E. -0 n Thursday afternoon a some-what serious fire broke out on the farm of Mr. James Fisher, Tannery- road. A large shed, containing hay was almost destroyed despite the efforts of the Warrington and Tannery Fire Brigades, which rendered great assistance. The loss is considerable, and is not covered by insurance.

NorrisGHAm RACM.—In connection witlL these races the Great Central Company announce that they will run a cheap fast excursion by the short and direct route to Nottingham on Friday and Saturday next from War- rington, St. Helens, and other stations in this district. Particulars are published in our advertising columns.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

NOTICJi TO CORRESPONDINT.

Authors of letters intended for publication must mall cases send their names and addresses to the 'Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side ,only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not later than Thursday.

Correspondents are strongly advised to write ,briefly A short letter has a much greater chance of insertion than a long one. We cannot under ordinary circumstancesundertake return themanuscripts which are not used.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
iThe County Borough Accounts.— Education Bill, 1902.

Sir,—May I say that in addition to the ' £133 ss. 3d spent upon the Warrington Education Bill, 1902, and included in the accounts for the municipal year' ended the 31st March, 1903, there was a further £lOO included in the accounts for the previous year, so that £233 ss. 3d. was at least spent upon this Bill, although it was never submitted, as required by law, to a public meeting of the ratepayers.—Yours tmlv JAMES DODDS,

===== 0002601_19030815_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
, August 12th, 1903. Stockton Heath School Accommodation.

Sir,—The correspondence which hs arisen since the meeting of the Stockton Heath parishioners, is not only a sign of the interest which such meeting aroused but is also a healthy symptom of the mental awakening of some of the residents to the true position of affairs. Probably the last report of the Inspector which the School Managers have been good and wise enough to have had published will not only awaken a few others, but cause others to further refrain from the foolish habit of the ostrich, which buries its head in the, sand and thus is prevented from seeing that which is patent to everyone else around. The following is an extract from the Inspector's re- port :—"Boys' school—The staff is too small and the school is overcrowded." Surely further comment should be needless !—Yours faithfully, E. ENGLAND.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
The Non-Trading Movement.

Sir,—l have not hitherto taken any part for or against this agitation, but having watched it through all its phases from the beginning until. now I feel constrained to express my astonishment at the remarkable progress it has accomplished. At the outset many people prophesied its sudden and ignominious collapse..when the excitement of the great meetings had died away. But the present state of the movement proves that the Seers lamentably failed in their forecast. In spite of the open and determined hostility of an overwhelmingmajority of the Town Council and the secret machinations of the political clubs it has gone on securing triumph after triumph until now, when the whole town seems to have imbibed the non-trading spirit. This is a marvellous phenomenon in a constituency Where Tory and Radical cliques have so long been permitted to manipulate municipal affairs at their Own sweet will, and it augurs well for the future banishment of party politics from the Council chamber.

AM what is it all about? The movement is simply a power ul and concentrated exp Session of the fiat of the heavily burdened taxpayers that " axe grinding " in the Town Council of Warrington must come to an ead at once and for ever. Whatever the legal aspect-of this peculiar and unsavoury form of commission and tip-sharing may be, there is a strong taint of immorality about it which must be obvious to observers. Our local Press and mural literature at election times abundantly confirm this. For then it is seen by their speeches that the seekers of office for Corporation crumbs would have us believe that they are the purest and most disinter- ested of men. Indeed they go so far as to admit the well understood principle that the only reward due to a faithful Councillor for his public services lies in the approval of his fellow citizens and the satisfaction of his own conscience. In practice, however, they desire to supplement their reward by trading with the Corpor- ation for their own advantage. Is not the labourer worthy of his hire? And unfortu- nately, through the laxity of the ratepayers many of these selfish and doublefaced candidates are allowed to slip into office. There are, no doubt, honourable men in our local Parliament who would scorn to debase themselves and their constituents by stooping to such meanness and hypocrisy as this; but what are they among so many! As a matter of fact their influence -upon the Corporation as a whole is barely perceptible, contracting to a large extent having gone on for years without lot or hindrance.

Should the Non-Traders succeed In caryiing out the reform upon which they are bent the change would, .doubtless be greatly to the advantage of the Borough, lor in that case the foul blot of contracting would dis- Appear from the Council; extravagance would give place to strict economy in all departments; a healthy feeling of mutual confidence would spring up between the members of the Council and their constituents, and the permanent officials would assume less airs than they do now, and be relegated to their proper position as hired ..servants of the people.—Yours truly, •lONA. August, 1903.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT

COUNCIL.

The Longford Depot Improvements.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural Dis- trict Council was held at Bewse3 Chambers on Wednesday .aftwoon milder the presidency of Mr. T. Halton. There were also present :—Messrs. Brooks, Houghton, Knowles, Mather, Backhouse, Ball, Dr. Murray, J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant 'clerk), Dr. Sephton (medical officer of health), F. Kerfoot (inspector), B. S. Newcombe (surveyor), H. H. Burnage (assistant surveyor).

THE RAILWAY SIDING AT WINWICK.

The CLIiRK fabmitted an agreement drawn up between Mr. Musprat,t- on behalf of the County Council, and himself 41n behalf of the Rural Council, with respect to the .use by the District Council of so much of the railway siding belonging to the committee of visitors of the County Council andadjoining the London and North-Western Railway main line from Warrington to Wigan, as lies between the railway and Mill-lane, Wiawick. _ - - -

The Council saactioned the agreement. HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT.

Dr. Sephton. reported that during the month there had been 19 births and 33 deaths. The death rate was equal to 357 per 1,000 against 36 the average for the past three months and 14.4 for the corresnondmg period last year. Twenty-two-deaths occurred in Winwick Asylum and exclusive of these the death-rate proper for the district was equal to 11 per 1,000.

BURTON WOOD BROOK.

The INSPECTOR reported with reference to the pollu- tion of the brook at Burionwood that there had been considerable improvernest during the last two or three weeks.

ORFORD TANNERY. The INSPECTOR informed the Council that he had had an interview with Mr. Densham, on behalf of Messrs. Mortimer and Co., re the laying of a sewer from the 'Tannery at Orford to convey the effluent to Sankey Brook. .Subseq.uently he , received a letter from the firm statiug that they regretted that they could not see their way to lay the sewer as the expense would be enormous. They felt, knowicg that the ditch into which the effluent ran was an open sewer and was the recipient of all the sewerage-of the township of Orford, that it would be the duty at Acme time or another for the District Authority to provide a sewerage scheme. The firm hoped shortly to put up still larger settling accommodation to take out, all solid matter from the effluent from the tannery. LONGFORD DEPOT.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DISESTABLISHMENT OF THE CHURCH.

BY AUGUSTINE BIRRELL, K.C. (President of the National Liberal Federation).

Eighteen years ago Mr. Chamberlain traversc.d the country, from Hackney to Inverness, advocating a Radical Programme which remains unfulfilled to this day. As a legislator the Colonial Secretary is not a success. In 1884 he was very confident about two things. " Protection," he told Birmingham," will lessen the total production of the country, will diminish the rate of wages, and raise the price of every necessary of life." When he got to Glasgow he told a huge audience that for political as well as for social reasons, and in the interest of religion itself, he was a Liberationist. " I would free the Church from State control whether in England, in Scotland, or in Wales." In 1903 Mr. Chamberlain is contemplating another campaign, in which he will assure the country that a measure of Protection will raise the rate of wages, and (if he is asked the ques- tion) that it does not matter a farthing whether the Church is .disestablished or not.lt is uotgiven to many men so completely to turn their back upon their former selves ; but it cannot be denied that Mr. Chamberlain's recantations lack originality, and do but give promi- neat expression to a change both of positive opinions and as to the relative importance of particular reforms which many men have experienced no less than he Although nobody in 1885 was likely to suggest that Mr. Chamberlain would live to advocate taxes on food, it was plain enough even then that the Protectionist heresy was deep-rooted in many hearts, and only 'lacked some decent pretext to lift its head once more in the market-place ; whilst the careful student of the ever-shifting scene of ecclesiastical strife could not havelailed to observe that the cry for Disestablish- ment was one which 'had grown fainter in volume as the years went by. - What is called the Case of Disestablishment has lost none of its force, and may, I think, quite fairly be said to grow stronger year by year. The Church.of England has not only long ceased to be co-extensive with the nation, but what may be called the Church of England View of Religion, the dominant view as entertained by the majority of devout Anglicans, has become more and more repulsive to the 4,oTeat body of Dissenters. The differences between the Bishop of London and Mr. Silvester Horne, for example, are more substantial and separative than those between the Bishop of London and any English prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. It is absurd to minimise these differences. The late Cardinal Manning and the late Mr. Spurgeon were both Christians, holding in a common unity of faith the great doctrines of the Trinity, of the Divinity of Christ, of the Atonement, of the Fall of Man, of Original Sin, and the Eternity of Future Punishment; and yet it would have been impossible for these two men to work together for five minutes on any common basis of Christianity, so vital and pervading was the -difference between them on the subject of the priesthood. At the present moment the gulf between Church and Dissent is broader and deeper than it has ever been in our history ; and it is more than ever impos- sible to pretend that the Church of England in any way represents the general religious sense of the com- munity. It does not do so now, and every year the hostility, based as it is, and will be, on an irreconcil- able difference incapable of being compromised, will grow fiercer. ' There is no a priori justification for a Church Estab- lishment which, so far from including the nation, affronts and deeply wounds the settled religious con- victions of probably one-half of that portion of the :population which has religiaus convictions aCall. The question is now much more of a theological -one than it used to be. When a Nonconformist sees -exposed for sale in a stationer's shop photographs of the :Bishops of what he is invited to consider his ,national Church bedizened with the significant because symbolical millinery of a sacrificing priesthood, he feels that the question of the Establishment is no longer one of expediency, but of right and wrong. Doctrine can no longer be kept out of the account— and the main objection of the Dissenter to the Established Church has become no less serious than this, because it teaches both in the Church and the rate-supported school-house, in the name of the State to which all belong, what the Dissenter believes to be eternali falsehood. I need not stop to point out how the Education let of last year has accentuated the theologiCal side of this -embittered controversy. No living Nonconformist can remember a time when feeling ran as high as it does to-day. Disestablishment, though it would not, of course, touch those root-differences of opinion which of necessity create the cleavage, would—so it is be- lieved—by creating equality remove the particular bitterness now imported into the situation. So far, then, as Nonconformists are concerned, they are more than ever what Mr. Chamberlain was in 1885—Liberationists. I can remember when many Nonconformists of a devout turn of mind were luke- warm about Disestablishment, and fought shy of the Liberation Society. I know no such men now. The issue has become too clear and the stakes too high to admit of any such frame of mind. But what is the attitude of Churchmen? Here I tread unfamiliar ground, and speak hesitatingly. Years ago there was certainly a goodly number of High Churchmen who favoured Disestablishment as the price of freedom from the secular arm and the horrors of the conti d'dire. Their numbers have, I think, been reduced, Tor the good Anglican-7-as he now loves to call himself—hugs the delusion, as I must think it, that some day Lord Hugh Cecil will be able to persuade the House of Commons to give the Church of England complete ecclesiastical freedom, whilst permitting her to retain her political union with the State. It must never be forgotten that a man who feels his salvation to depend upon his belong- ing to a branch of the Catholic Church will be slow to accelerate the-hour when his branch may be lopped into three. Such a man prefers to preserve "unity," even by an Act of Parliament than not at all. The old 'Broad Church party died :in the cold. Nothing ever came its way. It was always against Disestablishment. A new Broad Church party is slowly appearing above the horizon, which aims at comprehension of all the fairly orthodox Churches; A. vain dream, I am persuaded; but this new party is also against Disestablishment. The Evangelical party in the Church- of England is by no means so moribund as .some fine folk suppose though no doubt it is always harassed by an illo,gidal position. But behind it there is the vast, latent 'Protestantism of the nation, to which if it ever chose to appeal in trumpet tones it would not appeal in vain. ITo the Evangelical Disestablishment has always been the last resort. He does not dread it so much as his ' High Church brother, because he is not frightened Ito death at sChisna ; but he has no mind for it, still believing, as he does that in the long run the Protestantism of the does, of England will drive out Lord Halifax and his friends, and render possible a

===== 0002601_19030815_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
Lvi

BRONCHITIS, GRHAT WHAKNHSS. 22, Kerfoot St, Win Rick road. Warriaeton,

August 12th, .19)3.

Dear Sir,— When I procured your 'Magnetaire Ap- pliances, I was so weak that my wife had to lit me in and out of bed. I went to Southport, and as my case was considered hopelesi, the doctors sent me home again. I did not lose heart, but decide 31 to try your appliances, and I am delighted t )'say that it was a step in the right direction. I gradually recovered and, to the surprise of everyone,soon g back to the forge again, and equal to any amount of hard work. You are quite at liberty to publish this letter, awl I hope it may be the means of others trying your ex- cellent remedy, as I consider my case a miracle.— Yours faithfully. Mr. R. Lonsdale, Pd.B. GBORGB WOODWARD.

SLUGGISH LIVER AND INDIGESTION. 23, Dixon street, Sankey street, Warrington. August 11th, 1903. Dear Sir,—l secured one of your Magaetaire Ap- pliances for indigestion and it has done me much good. It will be a pleasure to me to recommend your belts.

Yours Truly (Mrs. B. SIMS. Mr-B. Lonsdale, M.B.

INDIGBSTION. 94, Priestley strPet, Warrington. August 10th, 1903. Dear Sir,—l bought one of your vlagnetaire Belts for indigestion. and pleased to say I d,rived great benefit I am now quite well. Yours truly JOtIN BO WllRS,(Grocer), Mr. B. Lonsdale, M.B.

LUMBAGO. August 12th, 1903.

Woodbine Terrace, Stoakton Heath, Warrington. Dear Sir,—Before using your Magnataire Belt I suffered much from Lumbago. I am pleased to say that it was the means of restoring me to health and, can therefore strongly recommend your apolis.nces. Yours faithfully. RICHARD S HACK LBTO Mr. R, Lonsdale, H.R.

NBRVOUS AFFBOTION. 6, Northumberland-street, Platt.lane. Wigan, July 16th, 1903.

Dear Sir,—When I tame to see you for a Magne- taire Balt I was troubled with nervousness and very weak, but I am glad to let you know that my nervous system is braced up and I feel much stronger.. -Yours truly, WILLIAM HALL.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
Pearson and Knowles's Team Defeated in the Final.

After a series of keenly contested matches the War- rington Works Bowling Competition ended on Saturday afternoon in a victory for the London and North-Western Railway team who in the final were pitted against Messrs. Pearson and Knowles's No. 1 team. Interest in the competition has been thoroughly maintained from the commencement, no fewer than 20 teams having given evidence of their skill in the game. The result of the final came as asurprise to many enthusiasts the forge men being generally expected te carry off first honours. By the small margin of six points the railway team proved victorious and are to be congratulated upon their performance. A handsome silver cup presented by Mr. J. Finlayson is the trophy of which the winning team became possessors. It is beautifully designed and is surmounted with the figure of a bowler in the act of delivering his bowl. There was a large attendance of spectators who had the satisfaction of witnessing some capital play. The following were the scores :

PEARSON AND kNOWLES. L. AND N.-W. RAILWAY. J. W. Worsley l5 J. T Whittle W. Mee lO W. Bridgin J. Jennings J. Worsley T. Davies J. Hardman C. Littlewood l3 R. Mercer l5 H. Williams l3 J. Hutchinson l5 E. Gibson 9 J. Millington P. Ball J. Gleave George Ball (capt.)

The cup and medals—handsome gold ones presented by Mr. F. Clare for the winners, and silver ) nes with enamelled centres for the runners-up—are to be presen- ted later in the season at a smoking concert. After the match _several speeches were made. _

Mr. WILLErr-said this was the first time a works bowling competition had been ventured upon in War- rington, and he could assure them that the officials were quite satisfied with the conduct shown by the players all along. He had never seen anything carried on with such order, and they felt proud that the competitionhad been so successful. He confessed to feeling a bit sorry for their friends, the Pearson and Knowles team, but he could only say: "Better luck next time." (Hear. hear.") The association now intended to promote a handicap, which would be confined to the works whose clubs were affiliated with them. A friend had offered to give -£lO towards prizes— (applause)—and the entries would close on the 18th inst. He thought they could show their employers that they could come out there on a Saturday afternoon and enjoy -their game of bowls without getting drunk. (Hear, hear.) Of all the games he had seen he thought there had been less drunkenness in connection with that competition than he had seen with anything. He was sorry their President (Captain G. R. Crosfield) was not there—he was training his men to fight for King and country in the Isle of Man—but he would ask Mr. Taylor to say a few words. Mr. TAYLOR complimented the association on the manner in whioh the competition had been carried through, and also complimented both teams who had played. He always liked to see the best men win, and the best men had undoubtedly won that day taking the play in bulk. He could only say to the losing team: "Buck up! there is success awaiting you." (Applause.) Councillor HULSE, said the game was a national one, and had existed for hundreds of years in this country. He sincerely hoped England would continui to play the game, for not only was it a healthy one, but it did not tend to drunkenness, (Hear, hear.) It tended to keep men happy and also to keep good" homes. He congratu- lated both teams and honed the losers would sometime have the pleasure of beating the railway men. (Ap- plause.) The CHAIRMAN proposed a cordial vote of thanks to Mr. F. Clare, lamdlord of the King and Queen, for the way in which he had entertained them during the com- petition, and remarked upon the great pleasure it was to have among them that day such an old champion bowler as Mr. E. Knowles.

Mr. G. BALL seconded, and said that although he was on the losing side that afternoon, he had thoroughly enjoyed the game. Mr. T. HORRABIN, speaking on behalf of the winning team, congratulated his men upon the way in which they had played. Cordial votes of thanks were passed to the Chairman (Mr. Willett) and Secretary, (Mr. Scarisbrick.) Great credit is due to the Committee which had the arrangements in hand and especially to the capable secretary, Mr. Scarisbrick.

Warrington.—Printed and Published by Jogs 11,c-004.4 & Co., at The Examiner General printing Bewn3y-street, andbl ished by thorn at tndt place,and also at The xamiaer Office, Vietoriv7,„, riot WIDNES 32, George-street, ST. HELm+l5 and Sofro,. AO' street, EARLESTowN,inthe County of Lancas",l-00e also at High-street, RUNCORN, in the County °` hire, AUGUST 15TH. 1903.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT DIFFICULTY IN GUTTING UPRIGHT. 25, Percival street, Egerton street. Oldham, June 24th, 1903. Dear Sir.-1 feel much pleasure in bearing testi- mony to the very great benefit I have received by wearing your Magnetaire Belt. It was painful for me to get into an upright po3ition, my back was so bad,but your appliance soon put me right. I remain yours truly, Mr. R. Lonsdale, M.E. JAMES WHITRMAN.

POOR CIRCULATION AND NUMBNBSS OF THR LIMBS. 176, Pilsworth-rold. Broadfield, Heywood. March 21st, 1903. Dear Sir,—When I procured your Magnetaire appliances I was suffering from pains and numbness, also from cold feet. lam pleased to say that I am much better now the circulation having improved under your treatment.

Yours sincerely, Mr . R. Lonsdale. (Airs.) Cf. OCIDE N

_ READY FOR WORK IN TWELVE DAYS AFTAR NINE MONTHS' SUFFERING. Farfeld-street, Bradford, Cleckbeaton, February 25th, 1903. Dear Sir,—l am firmly convinced that there ig nothing to equal your Magnetaire treatment for Rheumatism and Sciatica. I was off work Oho months suffering great pain with my back, hip and leg, and part of the time unable to sit in a chair. Seeing a testimonial you have received from the President of the Dewsbury Co-on.. I determined to try it, and to my great surprise I was able to declare off the club in twelve days and return to work. It was your appliances and nothing else that cleared the Rheumatism out of my system. There is one thing more that I should like you to know. I am fond of cycling, and during the summer heliday I made a big journey to Newcastle, cycling the whole distance, over one hundred miles, in a day. Wishing you every success.

===== 0002601_19030815_art0139.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
itiW;;=2

•

===== 0002601_19030815_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AUGUST 16th. At 10.30—Rev. W. C. J NEVILLS. A* 6.3o—Rev. G. H. CARSON. All welcome. Hymn books provided.

TEETH FOR THE MILLION. At less-than half the prices charged by many. MACDONALDS, Manufacturers and Patentees of High Class A RTIFICIAL TEETH -- Sets, 20s. Inlaid Gold, 405.; 'lnlaid Platina, 305, Guaranteed . MACDONALDS ;PAINLAS -SYSTEM I& Household Word. MACDONALDS TRIM( Fit and qnality guaranteed. MACDONALDS TEETH Painless. No extraction. MACDONALDS TEETH No unsightly wires. MACDONALDS TEETH Soft palates for tender gum. MACDONALDS TEETH Adjusted without plates. MACDONALDS TEETH Sets, 205.; inlaid gold, 40s. A FEW PRESS EXTRACTS. The Nursing Record says: Prices most moderate. The Family Doctor says: Skilfully, painlessly adjusted. The Hospital World says: In every respect satisfactory. The Morning says: Excellent in quality. The Industries say : Actual manufacturers. To-day says: Intermediate profits abolished. The Press General says Natural, lasting, and life-like. Thousands of Original Testimonials. AIACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLARSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, n. to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRA.RD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNEEIDAYS,I2 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL, 69, CHURCH ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

_LEW SEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY% AUGUST 16th. At 10.30-11ev. G. H. CARNSON. At 6.3o—Rev. W. C. J. NBVILLB. All welcome. Hymn books provided.

GOLB ORNE STREET BAPTIST CHURUII WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). AUGUST 16th Rev. HERBERT DURNICO. MORNING 10.45 —"Religion and Modern Science" RVENTING 6 31—' Monthly Sermon to Men." Come Early. All Sesta Free.

EMMANUEL CHURCH. BOLD STREET, WARRING-TON. THE ANNUAL SALE OF WORK. WILL TAKE PLACE (D.V.) ON THE 11TH. 12TH, AND 13TH OF NOVIIBIBBR. &II Supporters of the Simple Protestant Church Service %re asked to kindly co-operate in making it a success.

STOCKTON HEATH. TO-DAY, LADY GREENALL WILL OPEN GARDEN SOCIETY SI II MV IN CHURCH ROOM AT 3 TCLOCK. OVER 150 ENTRIES. ADMISSION 3D. - - LANCASHIRE COUNTY ASYLUM, WIN WICK, WARRINGTON. The friends of patients at the above Asylum will now be allowed to visit in accordance with the rules.

rrHE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington. SPLENDID Assortment of New Season's PAT- TERNS for our Celebrated 10s. ed. (to measure) TROUSERS. Wonderfully good value. HAGUE AND CO, LIMITED, 65. Byrom-street, Liverpool. All goods sent carriage paid.

JOSEPH CROSFIELD AND SONS LIMITED.- 4 1 PER CENT A. DEBENTURES STOCK. The TRANSFER B.)OKS of this Company relative to this issue will be CLOSED from AUGUST 17th to the 31st lust. (both days inclusive) for the purpose of preparing and issu- ing dividend warrants due September let. J. R. WARDLE, Secretary. Dated Warrington, August 15th 1903.

GREAT CENTRAL RAILWAY . —SUNDAY EXCURSIONS. —Every lunday during August to Lowton St. Mary's Culcbetla and Glazebrook at a return fare of 6d, leaving St. Helens 8.0 a.m. and 2.43 p m„ Haydock 8.7 a.m. and 2,5 U p.m., Ashton-in-Makerfield 8.12 a.m. and 2.54 p.m. Tickets, bills, U., at the stations and usual agents. SAM PAY. General Manager. Manchester, 1903. _

‘ZERGE JACKETS! SERGE JACKETS I 1., Every workman should have on of HAqUE'S cele- brated 4s. fid. Serge Jackets, strong, warm, and comfortable; try them.-65, Birnom-aTREET. Liverpool. HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURE FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECE ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

GREAT CENTRAL RAILWAY.-A NEW THROU IH SERVICE OF TRAINS NV in run BETWEEN ST. HELENS, WIGAN and WARRINGTON AVOIDING. CHANGING at GLAZKBROOK—giving direct communication to and from Liverpool. Southport, Sheffield, Hull, Nottingham, Leicester, Lonoon, etc. For particulars of Times etc.. see Great Central Time Table.

UPON MY SOLE. I STAMP THE PRICR IN PLAIN FIGURES I WANT Bs. 6d. AND NO MORE FOR THE BEST PAIR OF BOOTS AT ANY OF MY BRANCHES. ARTHUR EVANS. 5, LONDON-ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

GREAT CENTRAL: RAILWAY.—NOTTINGHAM RACES.—On Friday and Saturday, August 21st and 4<ud, cheap fast excursion to Nottingham (Victoria and Racecourse Stations) will leave St. Helens at 8.50 am. Two daY'd tickets issued on August 21st. Tickets, bills etc, at the atation and usual agents. Manchester, 1903. SMI FAY. General Manager.

SUMMER HOLIDAYS. AMATEUR EHOTOGRAPHERS SHOULD PAY A. VISIT TO THE AM kTEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT LARGEST STOCK OF NEW AND SECONDHAND FIELD AND HAND CAMERAS. LENSES, Bre, IN MANCHESTER. SECOND-HAND LIST NOW READY. POST FREE. THE AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT 71. OXFORD ROAD. NEAR ALL SAINTS' MANCHESTER.

THE GRANDEST FETE IN GREAT BRITAIN. SN REWSBURY. GREAT FLORAL FETE, Waillittso&Y & THURSDAY, August 19th it 20th, 1903. 4,„ THE MOST MAGNIFICENII FLOWER SHOW er held either in London or the Provinces. ovtat £1,200 IN PRIZES. %sch day the Unrivalled BANDS (by kind permission) of H.M, ROYAL HORSE GUARDS (BLUE), WM. COLDSTREAM GUARDS, H.M. SCOTS GUARDS, PLAYING ALTERNATELY AND COMBINED. The GRANDEST SERIES of SENSATIONAL PERFORM- In EUROPE, all specially engaged for this FAT tI ONLY. The LBO-TARDY nuo, Champion Flying Gymnasts. The KRAM KR TROUPE on High Wire. The Far-tamed KIILLINOS, Maivellous Acrobats. The BUGENE3. Flying BA, Act. The BARRA. TROUPE, Grotesque Musicel Treat, BIC:MOUSE & WARD. America's Bicyclists. CORN /t 00NRAD.—The HONPERg.--lIEBENFC I ROBINI. FLORIZEL—and other Marvellous Artistes. The KRAMER TRIO, at niot, Startling Spectacle on High Wire. TWO GRAND BALLOOv AiCENTi at 4 and 7 EACH AJAX, and otPrivß BALLOONS, 530 to 1303 feet, by BPeneer Brothers. kORSR LEAPING CO APETITIONS £lOO IN PRIZES. Ilagnificent Promenade by the River Severn. Steam Launches end Pleasure Boats on the Severn from the Fee Ground. GORGEOUS ILLUMINATIONS AND FIREWORKS, by Wilder. BPECIAL EXCURSION TRAINS FROM PRESTON, WIGAN, WARRINGTON, and all Parts. "XISSION :—Wednesday. One o'clock, 21 6d. 111""leY. at Eleven, all day ONE SHILLING ONLY. H. W. ADNITT, 1. Hon. The Square, Shrewsbury. W. W. NAUNTON. Secs.

A. AND eJ M'LAINE, PAN, NBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One mlnute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND STLVER BOUGHT. AU transactions in accordance with Ado( Parliament. Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined. A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China. Marble Clocks, Pictures, !to., Ac., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BMMAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, Ac., Ac We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to Inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES TIY POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains, A Carefnily Selected Stock of GOLD BROOCHES, BRACELETS, Ac. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all Pockets. MIAINE'S RICHMOND S2REET. LIVERPOOL.

THROUGH LAKE-LAND TO THE ISLE OF MAN. Meg Express Fervice Daily (Sundays excepted) • !I.‘• BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 215 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW-8 30 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington pia Preston at 10.55 a.n.. Special Cheap return fares from Warrington : First class and Saloon 24s 03 Trains run Third clasp and saloon Its 6d alongside Third class anA Fore Cabinlls 6d Steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going v,a Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood, or vice per:a, can now be obtained at following Fares:— First-class and Saloon l9l 64 Third-class and Saloon 14s Od Third-class and Fore Cabin lOs Oct This journey may be broken at Grange. Ulverstone (for the Lakes). Furness Abbey or Barrow. IMPORTANT NOTICH.—The magnificent express steamers "DUCHESS OF DEVONSHIRE "and "DUCHESS Os" BUCOLEUCH " will be on th,. service during the season. Tourist note book post free 2d.—JAMES LITTLE 8: CO., Barrow.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- EDUCATION COMMITTER, The •,DIJOATION COMMITTEE invite 'lMplications from TIFICATED TEACHERS for appointments in Non- Schools The commencing salaries are £7O to rising to a maximum of £145 for MALES, and £55 to rising to a maximum of £ll5. for FEMALES. hacelloonlication forma, together with scale of salaries, may be 4 M,PliCatiqa to J. MOORE MURRAY. 'Officer, Warrington. Secretary and Director.

UINTT BOROUGH OF WA RR ENGTON.— IDITOATIoN COMMITTER—SECONDARY SCHOOL. extend' A 4 EDUCATION COMMIT PEE INTEND OPENING M 1, SENDARY SCHOOL for boys and girls in the "T Institute Palmyra-square. The curriculum w over three or four years, and will meet the demand R1,,4 wider course o: educltion than is usually given an the ,r;l',:n,t'rY Schools. annu'rbaee will he 91 per week, 10s 68 per term, or 30s per Int I:)3Yable tn advance. iVdiniz scholars must be 12 years of age before August Ex'tn-i',c3',. Owing to the limitei accommodation an Entrance will be held on a date to be announced later. sof application for admission may be obtained from J. MOORE MURRAY, Secretary and Director. OCation Offices Warrington. euUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— TtouctcrioN CO M MITT EFL Try. PUPIL TEACHERS' SCHOLARSHIPS. Pgla EDUCA.TION ;CON! ITTIIE OFFER FOR CO3l- ITT() t 5 N Rot more than 35 Scholarships of the value of gee() d fres tuition, tenable for one or two years at the letteraty School. to boys and girls wishing to become Pupil 16.1,..1eta• Candidates must be between the ages of 13 and to th-,,the date of their admission (p-eferenee will be given Atiz„-5,0 Candidates who are 14 years of age before the lot 4%4'1'. 1913). arid a declaration must be made on their be- that they enter the School with the intention of becoming Pupil Teachers. r'o data of the Examination will be announced later. of application for admission may be obtained from, J. MOORE MURRAY. Secretary and Director. gton. j: RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL OF RITNCORN. The PARISH OF STOCKTON HEATH. Trern uno District Council of Runcorn INVITE TENDERS Innlit,Persons willing to contrast for a period of twelve 04,111,4, and afterwards from year to year until the contract ue terminated by six months' notice, for the BM PTY- tilree,Pd CLEANSING of all PRIVIES and ASHPITS. filtnei„? or hereafter to be constructed, within the Parish of ' ,R 1 Heath sad for the removal of the contents thereof. Of elW,ork to be completed before 8 o'clock in the morning 'tights ,daY, and privies and ashpits. and all places where The_ oil bita been deposited. tc be treated with carbolic or the 'tisinfeeting powder to be supplied by the Council to ~ontractor. ,:f further partlenliirs as to boundaries of District, num- houses. t4c., may be obtained on application at my Te4d7l, High street,'Runcorn. 4itarkeder, to be tent to me by FRIDAY. the 28th instant, 'the, rightsoil". or 'ouocil do not bind themselves to accept the lowest ‘OY tender. By order, GBO. P. ASHTON, 71, Hiqh street. Runcorn. Clerk to the said Council. August 1903.

LANGLANDS' SAILINGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. "PRINCESS LOUISE " OR OT HER STEAMER, From LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW Clarence Dock. Berth No. 24. North Side. Wed. Aug. 19th 7 p.m. Mon. Aug. 17th 2 p.m. *825 p.m. Mon. Ang. 24th 10 p.m. Fri. Aug 21st 2 p.m. *8.25 p.m. Fri. Aug. 28th 2 p.m. Wed. Aug. 26th 2 p.m "6.30 p.m. "Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Special reduced through tickets from Warrington. Widnes, etc. ORDINARY FARES FRO.( LIVERPOOL :—Cabin, Single. lie ; Return(valid for two rnonths),l6s 6d. Steerage, Single. 58 6d. SPECIAL RETURN TICKETS.—(VaIid for 10 days), Cabin, 14s ; Steerage, 83 3d. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 14, CROSS-STREET. MANCHESTER. 10. RUMFORD-PLACR, LIVERPOOL.

ALtho LI:, 0;.-11) CANALM, UNlTeill .I.Art46, RIVER PLATE. AND INDIA. SAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. CITY OF VENICE Calcutta Aug 17 TUNISIAN Quebec anal Montreal Aug. 20 SIBERIAN St. John's Halifax anet Phil. ...Aug. 22 LIVONIAN Monte Video & Buenos Ayres...Aug. 25 PARISIAN Quebec and Montreal Au. 27 OCEAN RATES—To Canada, Saloon from £lO. Second Cabin. £7 10s. ; Third Class £5 Ks. To India, £37 10t.and £27 10s. For full particulars apply to ALLAN OFncEs.lo3,Leadenhall Street, London. 8.C.. and 19, James-street, Liverpool. ___ _

IVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES.-REGULAR Li DAILY SAILINGS (Sunlays included). By paddle- steamer "St. Tudno," daily leaving Prince's Landing Stage (weather and circumstances' permitting) at 10-45' a.m, (Saturdays 11 0 a.m.) for Llandudno Beaumarls, Bangor and Menai Bridge returning at 3.30 p.m.. and from Llandudno. at 5.15 p.m due back about 7.30 p.m. Extra by St. Blades Saturdays at 100 a.m. and 3 0:p m. for Llandudno also at 1.30 p.m. by P.S.Silowdon for Llandudno and Straits Every Sunday at 10.40 a.m. St. Tmino for Llandwino and Menai Straits due back 7.30 p.m., 11.0 a.m. St. Elvins for same planes due back 8 p.m.. 2.33 p.m. Snowdon. for all places with afternoon Excursion Bookings for Llandudno and back. Mondays Early Boat from North Wales St. Elvles due 10.15 a.m. returning -!t 230 p m.. Isle of Anglesey Trip Thursday 27th August. St. Elvies at 9.15 a.m. due bank 8 p.m. Through Bookings. For all furthe: information apply to the Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Company, Ltd.. T G Brew. Secretary, 40, Chapel street. Liverpool. Through ! Bookings Daily by Cheshire Lines and on Sundays by Express Train leaving Warrington at 9-45 p.m. Official Guide post free 3d. Week- ends Hotel and Boat inclusive from 21s.

LA PRILDETTA CIGARS. ID3 EACH. BINS FOR Is. BST VALUE EVER OFFERED. T. SUDLOW AND CO., CIGAR MERCHANTS. (BETWEEN PARR'S BANK AND CENTRAL STATION), WARRINGTON.

JOSEPH WOOD WARD, BUILDER AND CONTRATOR, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON FUNERALS FURNISHED UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF WORK. REPAIRS TO PROPERTY PUNCTUALLY ATTENDED TO.

PHONOGRAPH RECORDS. REDUCTION AT WADSWORTH'S. GOLD MOULDED EDISON le. 61. EACH, COLUMBIA X.P. THREE FOR 4s. FRESH ARRIVALS. WADSWORTH'S, PIANO DEPOT. 59, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.

REDUCTION IN CHEESE, FINEST CANADIAN ONLY 6D. PER LB. JOHN ASHLEY, FAMILY GROCER, 61, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

TOBACCO, CIGAR S, CIGARETTES, SNUFFS. EXORS. OF WM. FIARGRAVES, 44. SWAN-STRBET, MANOHESTHR listablished 69 Years

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALBS 4LLSOPP'I3 HUD AND BITTBR ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTBRS. WHBATLBY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASE or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM! WINWICH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGE CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stopppred Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWBN STREET.

ROBERT I -OWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, VALUER Office and Salerooms: No. I, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-hand Fnrniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furnitme, Ac., warehoused.

G_EDDESS DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered te the Mahn,. Sold by all Grocers and Drnalets,h, gsilstes 6d.. 10d., and Is. Bd. each. Wholesale by J. GRDDRS kwn SON. LTD WARRINGTON BSTABLISHBD 1833.

UrPHOLLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL, BOARDING SCHOIIL FOR BOYS. Fifteen miles from Liverpool. REV. D S RENNARD. B.A.

TARWICK HOUSE SCHOOL. Poulton-le-Fylr. Black- VTpool; excellent education ; happy home; sea and country air.—Principal. Miss ROGERSON.

W'ELSHPOOL GRAMMAR SCHOOL. Comfortable borne. Lancashire references. Large grounds. Good education 21 guineas yearly. Through trains.

UNIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. V A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS. T. ISHERWOOD, M.A., LL.D., D.C.L., Principal.

QPR:NGFIELD SCHOOL, West Kirby Li (Recognised by the Board of Education )—Day Girls andißoarders. Vacancy for Student Mistress. Situated close to Marine Lake.—For prospectus apply to Miss WILSON. who will be at home after September 14.

VAIRHAVEN HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS I: near St. Annes-on-Sea.Bmcing position,seaside.extensiv e accomm( nation High-claes Modern Education. Staff includes Residen, B.A. Mistress, and nine Certificated Teachers Exams. successes. Principal MISS MILLS N.

BST KIRBY, OHIISHIRIL —GIRTON HOUSB SCHOOL, BOARDRRS AND DAY GIRLS. Princi- pals : Miss ROOMY and Mist 131mitu. Preparation for all Exams. Wusic pupils for L.R.A. M. Deg. Special Classes for Young Children. Games. Swimming.

NER. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of 1_ Music. Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTBR- POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificate and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANS Warrington.

ANCH EST ER GRAMMAR SCHOOL—FEE, Ea 48. PER TERM. N.B —BOYS ENTIIRING OVER 14 YEARS OF AGE PAY £5 ss. PER TERM. THE NEXT TURM BEGINS THURSDAY. SHPT. 17T0. Entrance Examination. Wednesday, September 16tb,at 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES. FORMS of APPLICATION, &c., may he had at the school. The hoarding house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. The Art School Evening Classes re-open on Monday. September 21st. A class for ladles and teachers is also held on Saturday mornings, OWEN W. COX. Receiver.

WARRINGTON GRA NI ‘IAR SCHOOL —The NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10TH. THE HEAD MASIEIi WILL BE AT HOME TO INTERVIEW PARENTS ON WEDNESDAY, September 9th. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY. ac. PREPARATORY FORM FOR BOYS FROM 8 To 12 YEARS OF AGI PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION.

W ILLS' HYGEIA SALT. A DELICIOUS EFFERVESCING DRINK. COOLING AND INVIGORATING. SOLE AGENTS: OOTS, CASH CHEMISTS. AL BRANCHES. ILS. SIZE FOR 812. D. 69. SIZE FOR SD. LOCAL ADD itESSES : BOOPS CASH CHEMISTS. 126, BRIDGE STREET, 1. WA RRINGTON. 5, BRIDGE STREET, J TELEPHONE No. 120.

ASK YOUR eSTATIONER FOR ,•-, ATORRELL's ' ; IN K S t,,t4PAYjerft (UNDER ROYAL PATRONAGE.) IN PATENT SCREW-STOPPERED BOTTLES WITH LIP. ALWAYS FLUID! NEVER FADE! had wholesale from SAM N. GREEN. MARKETRLACE, WARRINGTON

DIARRIKEA DURING THE LAST HALF CENTURY EVERYONE TRAVELLING IN HOT CLIMES HAS MADE A POINT OF CARRYING SOME DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE SO AS TO BE IN A POSITION TO IMMEDIATELY STOP AN ATTACK OF DIARRFREA DYSENTERY, CHOLERA ETC. HOT WEATHER IS DUE IN THE BRITISH ISLES, AND EVERY-ONE SHOULD TAKE A LITTLE PRECAUTION. DON'T WAIT TILL YOU ACTUALLY WANT THE CHLORODYNE ; YOU MIGHT BE DRIVEN TO SENDING AN IGNORANT MESSENGER FOR THE MEDICINE YOU REQUIRE, AND SOME SUBSTITUTE MIGHT BE PUSHED ON HIM. YOU WANT DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE's CHLORODYNE.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, J EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE, 'AND JEWELLERY OF lama' DESCRIPTION. 30 TO 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES. Old acid and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken in exchange. Motley advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &a., to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

EIGHT GUINEAS, THAT IS THE PRICE OF OUR LATEST EYE OPENER IN CYCLES. LADIES' & GENT'S COVENTR Y CYCLES WITH (FREE WHEEL AND TWO RIM BRAKES. FULLY GUARANTEED. ALSO EXCELSIORS " AT 10 GUINEAS " PREMIERS " AT 12 GUINEAS. MOTOR CARS AND MOTOR CYCLES ALWAYS IN STOCK. JOSEPH S GARLAND, 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET WARRI N GTO N.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER ;THE :CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOU: E IN THE COUNTY. .100.000 PAIRS IN STOCK: LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S EVESING SHOE:. IMMENSE nVARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

M.C.D. J U VENILE SUITS ) FROM NI.C.D. NEW DESIGNS 2/9 M.C.D. YOUTHS' SUITS ) FROM FASSIONABLE CUT. 8/6 MEN'S SUITS ) FROM M.C.D. LATEST STYLES. 18/6 M.O.D. M C.D. ALL THE NEWEST STRIPES AND FANCY PATTERNS. M.C.D. M.C.D. THE M.O.D. BESPOKE DEPARTMENT. MEN'S SUITS TO MEASURE FROM M.C.D. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8, AND 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD jEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAMn MAILER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, snitable'for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, I.e. Terms Moderate. A FINS COLLECTION OF PILO XOGRAPHS for Crystoleum and-Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

THE THE EMPIRE TfiE ENIPIRE EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE FURNISHING CO., EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE 309 AND 302, EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE STOCKPORT ROAD. EMPIRE THE C -on - M., MANCHESTER, Business THE EMPIRE THE hours: 9 a.m: to 9 p.m. ; Saturday 10 EMPIRE EMPIRE p,m, ; Wednesday 1 p.m. THE Why envy your neighbour's home? EMPIRE minc THE We will make your home cosy enough A EMPIRE with WELL-MADE FURNITURE EMPIRE THE THE on our EMPIRE EMPIRE THE EASY PAYNIENT SYSTEM THE EMPIRE at strictly CASH PRICES, which is the EMPIRE THE THE reason of our EMPIRE EMPIRE THE GREAT SUCCESS. THE EMPIRE Intendiny Purchasers wonld do well to EMPIRE THE THR EMPIRE INSPECT' OUR STOCK AND EMPIRE THE JUDGE FOR THEMSELVES. THE EMPIRE General terms. which can be altered. EMPIRE THE Terms: THE EMPIRE Worth. Monthly EMPIRE THE £l.O EMPIRE £l5 l4s. EMPIRE THE £2O l6s. THE EMPIRE £3O 24s. EMPIRE THE £5O 3os. THE EMPIRE Or weekly payments in EMPIRE THE proportion. THE EMPIRE No security and only small deposit. EMPIRE THE Transactions private. Goods sent free. THE EMPIRE Catalogues sent post free. Cars pass EMPIRE THE the door, and the conductor will set you THE EMPIRE down" by request "at EMPIRE THE THE EMPIRE, IHR EMPIRE EMPIRE TER Corner of Milton Street. THE EMPIRE We pay return railway fare to each EMPIRE THE p urchaser, from districts where' this TH R EMPIRE (paper is circulated.) EMPIRE

T. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NHwSAGENT, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33. MARKET STREET. EARLBSTOWN. GOOD GENERAL STATIONERY, FANCY GOODS, FPI? SCRERNS, PURSE, A.LBUyS kc., PICTURE-FRAMING, BOOK-BINDING.' AND PRINTING DONE TO ORDER AGENT FOR THB WENLRYAN GENERAL ASSURANCE SOCIETY.

jillatbtfitry, etc. _ 0 AS RNGINBS. Robinson's HR"'•' Gas fingines tre 17 reliable and easy to put down. —Rostiveox, Great Bridgewater StreAt. Manchester.

pATTINTS Obtained Daily. Provi•lionsl prgtection, 40s I inclusive. Noted for moderstscharges. Special quota- tions for foreign p-itents. Write for price list free by post —BROMMEAD AND Co., Licensed and Registered Patent Agents, 121, Colmore Row, Birmingham.

QT. GEORGICS IRON WORKS. GI AITt1I) (late Ormerod, Grierson and Co.), Hultne. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHBEL and, PULLRY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchased all Wheel, Pulley and Tooth Block Patterns Fte., Lelooging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CA.STINGS, Millwright,and all kir- is of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 219, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ortnerod Grierson. Manchester."

ICE! ICE ! ! ICE !! ! THE WARRINGTON PURE ICE CO. ARE PREPARED TO SUPPLY ARTIFICIAL ICE OF BEST QUALITY, IN LARGE OR SHALLIQUANTITIE 1 FACTOR Y:: JOHN STREET, WARRINGTON.

LOANi, prompt, £lO and upwards.—Apply GOULD, 4t), Monk's Road. Winchester ; and bishopegate, Guildford. It,EONEL—f f you need Monev apply, by calling at once or writing. to F. WARD, 1 Rose 11111, Ramsgate. Privacy guaranteed.

MONEY TO LEND up to £10000; Wanted to Purchase Book Debts. Life Assurance Policies, Syndicate to open up Coalfields. Colliery for SaIe.—WILLTIM ARNOLD, Solicitor, Hanley, Staffordshire.

£250,000 oAnT from gagepoerr pnot .11 tto bo ; etisn c4;od sums to suit borrowers in any parts of the country.—J. W. READER. 5 Cook street, Liverpool. Telephone 5182.

MONEY UNDER WILLS OR DEEDS.—Persona entitled to Cash or Property at death of relatives, or to Life Incomes,can borrow at 4 per cent, per anntnn,or Sell,Mmaßs. Mc VirriE,42, 7ohn Dalton-street. Manchester.

ONDO IT and PROVINCIAL LOAN CO.. 46A. 3IARKRT STREBT. 31ANCHERTSR. are prepared to make advances to all classes on easy and convenient conditions. Strictest privacy guaranteed. Letters promptly attended to; distance n 1 object.

UXPECTATIONS UNDER WlLLS.—Persons entitled to Li money or property on death of friends can have ADVANCE any amount. from £4 P.C. per ann., speedily negotiated; if preferred, loan and interest repayahle when legacies are paid. No preliminary charges.—Apply Ma. PEEL. The Arcade. 85 Lord-atreet, Liverpool.

fe3 AND UPWARDS ADVANCRD DAILY to all Respect- °X/ able househnlders, tradespeople,farmers, and all persons worthy of credit, with or without sureties. No fees. Call or write in confidence to the Cheshire Advance Company. 13, Legh street, Sankey street, Warrington; also at 16, Green- wood street, Altrincharn.

DON'T BORROW IN YOUR OWN TOWN where you and the lender are well known. THE BRITISH FINANCE CO..which Is expressly established ,and ,registered pursuant to Act of Parliament. makes FRIVATE ADVANCES to male and female without Loan Office Routine. Interest and repayments Lowest in England. £5 LOAN 28 WEEKLY I £2O LOAN 73 WEEKLY £lO „ £ls Monthly and quarterly payments taken. Letters answered and cash brought to your house.—BRITISH FINANCE CO.. 45a, MARKET-STREET, MANCHESTER.

UNION CREDIT BANK, LIMITED, Established 1838. Registered Capital. £lOO,OOO. HEAD OFFICE: 38, RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Advances made from E 5 to £.5,000 upon personal security. Deeds. Shares, Policies, Reversions. Annuities. in. £lO Repayable 5s weeeky. lintire interest...Eo 14s 9d £5O „ 20s „ „ £3 8s Od £lOO „ 404 „ £615. Od Other sums proportionately. Bills discounted. Also ad- vances for fixed periods. Stocks and shares bought and sold, —Furthes particulars on application, personally or by letter. Tel. 5438 Liverpool. R (CARD DAVIE 4, Manger._

OUR MOTTO Is PRIVACY AND LENIENCY. WE ARE WILLING To PROve TO YOU TEAT WE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH A LOAN AT A LOWBR RA.TB OF INTBRBST THAN ANY OTHER OFFICE IN THE DISTRICT. APPLY AT ONCE TO 69, ETAYDOCK ST., EARLESTOWN AND 1. BAST STREW, ST. HELENS; ESTABLISHED LlaT CENTURY.

ESTABLISHED 1875. 210 to £l,OOO Immediately advanced on NOTE OF HAND ALONE. LOW INTEREST. EASY REPAYMENTS. NO PRELIMINARY FEES. Special Terms to Farmers. The number of years I have been estab- lished is proof sufficient of the straightforward and honour- able manner in which I have always conducted my business Distance no object. Letters immediately attended to. B. HARRIS. 2. KING-STRIRET, HANLEY ; OR 13. NEWGATE-STREET, CHESTER.

FROM .E 3 AND UPWARDS. DONT FAIL TO GIVE US 4 CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable ls 6d weekly £2O repayable 78 6d weekly. £5 ~ 2s Od „ £5O ~ 17s 6d „ £lO ~ 3e 61 ~ £lOO „ 39s 61 „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31. CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HoUltS, 9 am to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE 'MED TO.

if 0N E Y .-NO FEES. NO FINES. NO SURETIES. NO BILL OF SALE TAKEN. The great secret in borrowing money is to find a respect- able place where you are honourably dealt with. This old-established office is well known for its respe3tabil- ity and moderate charge of interest. You can rely on its privacy. Before applying els3where apply and be convinced TO THE MANAGER (J. CALVERT). Claughton Chambers, St. Helens. All letters promptly attended to.

0 FINES.—NO SURETIES. £5 upwards, on day of application, to all respectable people, professionals, tradespeople, harmers c., for whatever purpose required,and any length of time. Reasonable interest AND EASY REPAYVENTS TO SUIT EVERYBODY. DISTANCE NO OBJECT. OUR STRAIGHTFORwARD AND CONFIDENTIAL DEALINGS WITH ALL OUR CUSTOMERS ARE WELL KNOWN AND RECOMMENDED. Apply in confidence and be convinced to H. WOLFE & CO., 4. PARKER ST., WARRINGTON. corner house), near Bank Quay Station. Hours : 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. All applications and letters promptly attended to. Head Office: 9, CORPORATION ST, MANCHESTER.

£5, 17, £lO, £2O, no. £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. atle Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWER, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL BTITION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOOD WIN. N.B.—Established at this Address Twentr

THE WIDNES INVESTMENT AND BANKING COMPANY, LIMITED. 66, VICTORIA-ROAD. WIDNES. lieranLießF.D 1887 AND INCORPORATED UNDER THE COMPANIES' Ac-vs 1862 AND 1896. AUTHORIZED CAPITAL £45,G00. LOAttS OF £5 TO £5OO are made from periods of one month to three years, upon personal security with one or more guarantors, according to the amount required, and the position of the applicant. Also upon Deeds ot Property, Building Society Policies of Assurance, &c. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS APPLY 'lO THE MANAGER. Agent for Warrington: Mr. JOSEPH WADSWORTH, 121, Mersey Street.

OOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL-STREET. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED BBSTUARANT IN TOWN.

404040.4041045)4,44104104' * PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY, &C. TO REAP SUBSTANTIAL • BENEFITS, 4> • FURNISH AT • • • pi TT9 s 4„). 4, Established 1815. Tel. 1121. 'IV 4, IRA NOPIES Tx-R. • • • • Pitts's Furnishing Guide Is renowned far and wide a- -1110. reliable work of reference, a, t: contains SOO Artistic Design - es priced, and shows how a clear saving of about fifty per cent. es• may be effected. Gratis, Post clit, Free. Cash Quotations Only. • Easy Payments so per cent extra. 46' • * London Rd. & Caythorn. •••••••••••• DITTS'S BOOKED DURING THE WEEK-- 1 (six working days) ended July 30th, 1903, apart fres entracte, £1,022 OF SALES. These sales comprised one order for South Africa for £2OO. another for Stretford for £220, and others for Manchester, Bochdale, Altrincham, Knutsford, Failsworth, Stoke, Hyd., Preston, St-Annee-on.Sea, Marple, Oldham, Aiderley Bdila• Australia, Ike, As. DITTS'S MODEL FURNISHED HOUSE. containing Dining, Drawing, Three Bedrootne,Kitchen, and Scullery, equipi.ed throughout, everything perfectly NNW, for 00 guineas, is a marvel for the money. Also THREE SPECIMSN FURNISHED ROOMS, Dining, Draw' lug, and Bedroom, at 100 guineas each, are not Greened elsewhere at 50 per cent more. On view at LW/DOB-ROAD only. PITTS'S RENOWNED HOUSES OF FITENI- TUNE at 151, G2l, 281, 381. 50. 75, 100, 200 up te 1,010 guineas, excite wonder and admiration in all who see them. THEY STAND UNRIVALLED. They sre a sourse of pride and delight to PITTS'S countless customers, awl of despair to would-be competitors. Everyone astounded at the quantity and quality of the articles. All desirous of possess- ing a Happy English Home, comfortably, artistically, and economically furnished, should send to PITTS'S for full particulars. DITTS'S COMPLETE HOUSE OF FURNITURE for 221 guinbas, equal to what expensive city Arise charge £4O tor, oontains artistic SITTING ROOM SUITE la Leather, consisting of tasteful Conch or Sofa, pair of SOY Shafts and set of small Chairs, substantial Dining Table, Carpet or Floorcloth, sine design Hearthrug, Brass Ear ,ea- der and Set of Brasses, Cornice Pole and Pair of Curtains. KITCHEN has stroag Dresser and Set of Chairs, Rocking and Arm Chairs, Round, Square, or Fall Leaf Table, Fender, Pireirons, Flooroloth, and Rug. BSDROCAI —Serviceable Suite, polished or enamelled, Cane Chairs, Towelj Hail, Toilet Serviee,:strong full-sized Bedstead, Wire Spring Mattress. Overlay. Beleter.and two Pillows. Carpet or Fleurcloth,alla Fender. H 4.LL STAIRS and LANDING—Carpet, Fleereleth, Stair Rods and Byes, Brasi.Door Plate,Doces and Door Mate. Really splendid value. SAMUEL PITTS, AANCETESTEg• LONDON ROAD (Ardwiek and Cirs). GAYTHORN (all City Road Cars pass doors). Established 1845, National Telephone 11? k

PioLar,s,TEEts ,for Ladies. K-AL Big IZ.O A FRENCH REMEDY SUPERSED ING BITTES APPLE. PIL COCHIAC, PENNYROXAL, ac. Pri°4 48.6 d. poet free. Obtainable only from MARTIN, CHEMIST, SOUTHAMPTON

4 , r% rJP )'''- .-----,,r1-. r„tcnTrtpi.,,,fs,,.', 5k.,,,,• ,:,,, ~ ~ %P,44' 4 ' k_tei,,,,it, , , ,4)-' ,- 4cx--b".a,4 '. (t• - AT P' iINES E PT I. ' ~ ~. . • ...k. ti , r'.' - ~:*. vsit tiE 01 ' . , .1.....:.7 . .)-16... •,. 1.. . - 1 '1 ' ''''..;'• 03-lAii-.2,Y:.:.',:i: ....:: i':..,--::.,, 1 va.: ',3 f . .:. ' - .... :. tr 4 ...,•,„ • ''.',', ,„,*:c..."4:-. s,'`'..'''''' '''s -; 'f1.1,-.•;v'l' .-• ::1‘ '' ( 17i 4AP: •,,,iy..-.:,q, A. . A. - : t 'ailit-ia 7nr T---i;) 4 ...T., . 1 .„..,ii,.-.--.... '4l,'d .., i I, :•1--,;,4TX 450; AVISS SRO). EP ..„.. ~ cove N TRY .

AGHNTS Joseph Beswick, Horsemarket WARRINGTON. W. SHAW Jun. Top Locks, Ituncorn. S. JEAVONS, 21, George Sr., St. Helene. CULSHAW, 38 Bur+cough St, Ormskirk. AND OF ALL TORACCoNIBTS.

CHARLES WOLF'S Gents' Solid Gold Alberts from 25/- each. Warranted. Engagement & Wedding Rings A SPECIALITY. , WHEN IN LIVERPOOL VISIT CHARLES WOLF Wholesale Watchmaker & Diamond Merchant' ONLY ADDRESS: 10, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL Marvellous TALKING MACHINES

All kinds., 11111 Archer & Sons 5 St. Ceorge's Crescent Castle Street Liverpool To xOO

Is e most 4 Casumen the sustaining Foou on earth. COMPLETELY REM OVE3 INDIGESTION, CO'' STIPATION. UNIQUE for AWE %ilk pHyNI&S. GOUT, CONSUMPTION, DIABETES, MIN Ug4i TISM and INFLUENZA. 1V rito for free sampla ° CASUMEN, with LANCET report and full partieulfirt ill) post free 15.—PRID EAU X'S FOOD CO.. 0°#,.7- COMM. 'DORRIVC : or through Chemist,, 5t0r.1.2%

' .'''.• If gi" H g• .0.... p 4 .',:,,i lipi 5 40'411/4: ' v • - -," - A, ,5,`.•,-,...'/- •1!,,,,?!. , . 1 _IF 43..m.`, \A. 'i! ;''''' ''. •• • .11!' A 1 LUXURY! POW... EN BIRD'S CUSTARD is Pure, Nutritious, an,l easily digested. Eggs often disagree; BIRD'S CUSTARD never. BIRD'S CUSTARD is the one thing noodad with all Stewed, Tinned, or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavor and imPartS to them a grateful mellowness. NO EGOS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

. "7.. .c. ,7, 1... ir, , x i... r.,.. _ EvENTs Gi- a irt a CY It it ri pi T., '•;r- • -..' , ,f-, .....„- . -, r: .., <4" eq i OPP n o.sts.:44„v ~•„;,•.,' t:c.l-----,i(-_-_-, -- lti. ,-- „-. ~----,w: ~ - on‘ _1,...) Y-f'• .•:-.'--' &-‘) "-,_'-„",-,:i.i.,- -- - .r,''' • z • - ~-A--,__L -,,g; ,•'! i 1 c • ,4i. 4) . --- -;,..-: \ , ',, \-,-,-;=.: --'- - 4,_-_,___u___ x '•,' e : tho.r."''.."-ti-'''''-, ,ta ,r i ~, The Ch.ef ent,e.nCe to Le. Pe,rk --: , for' the unopened cnses •oj ! °Marble Statue.r.r P I , filt:7l _=l‘ll 3 'l'7' ' • 7.;44.7- 77,7771' 11 __....... - ..,..•-_,T.I-V't r.i../0 4 . --- -- , . 7/ wi ._,.....: -.• 'ti, NI 110 v a 'fAiii I tit, I,m , '' .4 ('.'4f, IP r.• ^ ' --- '''/% /R\`c,l .g'`''' / ri 41 "it tr ----- ~ e, . ' 'Aiio , • • ",Efl '1 '‘ %., I b., jq _ ---.---,-..---- ;,, ICI s klo. II . y t , 411 ,'• -x,ggrai I, p 4 fora, _r _ , , —"jl,`-- ; .41 ....---_,----_-----1- 60 . __ -j------:-- . --....------- -----:---------t----- al! *it

SUIT, 1 g , . ig, .' ~\.\ ..41.-11111.1, st,'_l,' I;:tFV::lll;aeefilet:.:Ordc:ofwilsi a‘ale I:sjcd.uhi ;1)7 yemromUwkor week. For I. ! tailor would charge you 60,.. for i you can have our well-known gs CORONATION SERGE t{ In Blue, Black, or Greys. (Sc' ': 1, . I ~,,1 Sce.n dintc.e-adsatyirifonircepnHattirto7nnssn,atdnod Co, 649, Attercliffe-rd., Sheffielo. . Carriage paid on all orders. vyt, ' , „ guarantee all goods to fit, 100 1 CRITCHLE . ~, snasrptieasneedmweeniltronadteh.is papa ' a):.7..7- = ''! II .. ,111 V • , , . The i

apartment 4 furnfObeD 3PotiOtsctr A BERYSTWYTH•—Apartments: healthy situation, close to sea.—Mrs, POWELL, 4, Portland Street.

QT. ANNIIS.—Mrs PILLIN3,IO.St David's road,S • puhlic and private Apartments; piano; bath ; near station and sea . DLACKPOOL.—Has. TAYLOR Kirk View (opposite Kent road chapel), off Central-drive : trams pass.

NT ORECAMBI3.—APARTNINNTS with or without board ; /IL near tram, train, and sea.--Yirs STANSFIELD. 25, Ruston road. QOUT RPORT —Public oeprivate APARTMENT ; 2a per k.J bed ; cycle accommodation ; very central. Mn. SHIPLEY 5. Derby road.

VEVIN. North Wales —To Let for Seltember. Furnished .1-1 or APARTISINNTS ; three minutes to beach.— DAVIE 9, RO3Phill.

11kTORTH WALES.—Cornfortable AFAR VMENTS ; facing 1..1 sea : terms moderate:—Mrs. ROBERTS, 4, Merine terrace, Old Colwyn. CLRETHORPHS.—ComfortabIe APARTMENTS without board. Plano.—M's CaESTER, 63 Twerton street, New Cleethorpes.

t)RIDLENG LON.—Furnished HOUSE to Let; every eon- -, venienee ; near Bea and station. open situation.— IR riNG. The Octon.

NI it ~:,aAaJAc.Meutiti(llatsehoOreldhaßmlaerkopaele,l Rocpuhbdlaiele)a,e2d4 Cl te • AuARTM ENTS, Piano. CLERTHORPHS.—Superior APARTMENTS, facing sea and g•lrde,,s terms moderate.—Mrs. BARROW, The Arcade, Atexandrafroad. A PARTMENTS TO LET t 2 sitting. 4 bed rooms splendid PI sea view ;close to Rhose golf links : Si BARK HOUSE, Penrhyn Bay, Llandudno.

"DLACKPOOL.—Comfortabie APART ,ANNTS, near Talbot ▪ road Station and sea; GRICE Ultra tt Helens), 27 General street. BLACKPOOL.—Superior APAR rMICNTS. with or with- out board; near sea, stations and amusements, PA L3l E 93, Albert—road.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs LEAVER, 13 Blundell *treat, near Foxhal' Hotel. Is each person, Boarders 3s 6d , one minute from sea. Plano.

[RS. ALLRN, Tower House. Silverdale, near Comfort!) ; AL et inc-rooms. several bedrooms; adjoining farm ; near se s ; 1-ealthy place CLRVICLEY'S. Mrs. CHADW/CK, Rochdale House, 13, Nutter road ; comfortable A.PARTMENTS ; close to tram and sea: both; piano.

APARTMEONTS.—St. Annes-ou-the-Se.• Misses FIELDErf (from Tocimorden), 76 gastnor Rouse, 'St. Andrews road South. near Station and Sea.

I AKE DlSTRlCT.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, Sitting A and Bedroom terms moderate.—Mrs. LOWDEN, 31, Wordsworth street. Keswick.

RS CROWDER.3I, Harrington Street, New Cleethorpes AVI Comfortable Home. Public or private rooms. Facing Sea. Minute from train or ear

DOUGLAS.—HARWOOD'S Richmond House. 8, Itrnpire Terrace, Central Promenade: Apartments, with or without board : terms moderate

LACKPOOL.—Nice APARTNITINTS, very central; nesr " the sea. North Pier. Tower and ,Gardens.—MlLLS, Stanley House. 150 Church street.

HANCOR. North Wales.—Comfortable APART3IENTS, moderate terms : 7 minutes from railway station, pier, and baths.—Tuomse, 13, Crescent. BRIGHTON.—Lady's 'louse Furnish.d. excellent position 1) £2. Shops and Villas £26 to £9s—Yourna HOLBECIE AND SADLrIi, Auctioneers. Briehton.

DUBLIN.—AOOOMMODATION for VISITORS by day or week, moderate, 5 minutes G.P.0., convenient tram. Mrs. J. SEYMOUR, 58, Eccles street.

QT. ANNRS.—'' San Remo." St. Albans's road, very nice Furnishei House ; Sentember-October,—Addresi F. MILLIGAN, Swan Arcade, Bradford. A PARTMENTS TO LBT ; clean. homely, two minutes Li., from L and Y station. Piano, Itvery comfort.—Mrs. THOMAS. 7. Hawesside street, Southport. ORFA NEVIN, North Wale,—To Let. SUPBRIOR " Farmhouse Furnished, rr APARTMENTS; Midway Nevin, Portialleyn.—DAvlEl, Plasyngheidio.

-111PHAUMARIN. ANGLESEY.—COMFORTABLN APART- 1413NTS. in nicely furnished schoolhouse ; large airy rooms; terms morlerate.—ApPly A. ROBRRTS.

HARROGATH.—APAIIIMENTS. close to the Gardens Baths and Wells ; Very pleasant; Bath. Terms moderate.—TAsum, 27 Valley road.

4)LACKPOOL.—Mrs REXSTREW, 38 Templeton terrace. 1) North Shore,Comfortable APARTMENTS, twolminutes from sea. Terms moderate Piano.

-- A BlillYSTlVlTH.—Comfortable APART AtIHNTS. well recommended; three minutes from station and five from promenade.—Mr. JONES, Arfryn. Buarth marl. BLACKPOOL.--Mrs. Caoss. Argyle House. 92. Hornby. road, near Central station and sea ; public and private APARTBIBNLS, with or without board; strictly moderate terms.

MORSCAMBE.—APARTNIHNTS, MRS. STRINGFELLOW (late of Leif/W. Lathom House, 33. Oxford street, five minute's from L. & N.W. Station, two from sea.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs Uttlev. 94, Albert road. Reasonable APARTMIIIIM. public or private. clean and homely ; near Central Station and all amusements. Piano.

(1031FORTABLE Apartments a few minutes from sea and kJ Central Station; ii each person, bed and attendance.- 13 and 15. ROTHSAY-ROAD. Central-drive Placknnol

J'OUSES and APARTMENTS to he Let, in Pentnxnmawr; one of the prettiest and healthiest seaside resorts on the Welsh Coast.—Apply T and H JONES, house agents.

y LANDUDNO JUNOTION.—Two bedrooms, two beds,and sittingrolm : bath, hot and eold water: gond moun- tain vievvs ; private house ; terms moderate.—Mrs LEA, 9. Avallon-avenue.

-LIURNISII RD HOUSE near Delamere Forest, August 10th. for one m-nth ; healthy c inntry : lovely scenery. 3 or 4 bedrooms,piano ; terms moderate.—RoOKEßY Norlev, Warrington.

AA BRRSOCH—One or two Sitting, three berirooms, corn- manding uninterrupted view Cardlgan Bay: boating, fishing, absolutely safe bathing.—Mrs WILLtAMB, Penybwich AbErsoch, near Pwllhell.

LAKR DISTRICT.—KR9 WICK. Cumberland —APART- MENTS to T.et,sittinv and drawing rooms, 6 b.drooms. bath. hot and cold water : terms moderate.-11rs HARIardoN, 17, Ifellvelyn street.

Fro BE LRT. in Bowness and Windermere, a great Variety I of Furnished and Unfornished HOTTSIIQ, of every description, at very reasonable rates.—Apply G. THomPFoN, House and Estate Agent, Fowness. inol %PT of a WRLL FURNISHED HOUSE to Let, or sitting and one or two bedrooms ; pleasantly situated : healthy spot: terms moderate.—Apply AIRS BISHOP, Woodlands, Ashford Barbonal, Ludlow,

DUCK POOL—Mrs r.JO7E). eaves Cliff., 47 Warbreck road, ) North qtiore ; Three minutes tram and tea; Superior APAT4TMENTS public and private in healthiest part; Excellent cooking ; Terms moderate. SOUTOMr wHALT EY RotaNsoN, 69, Rath street: comfortable APARTMENT. hoard or not, public and private. piano; moderate terms : sunny aspect ; two minutes from Pier. Promenade and Municipal Gardens.

BLACKPOOL—A delightful holiday at the seaside with home comforts, reasnahle charg,.s. !an he had to perfection *iv staving with MR' DucKwoßTn 26. Vane- road, near Central Station.—Terms 2s per day,for two persons. QOUTHPORT.—APARTViENTS Permanent or otherwisa, south west aspect, splendid view of Promenade,Pier and sea, large airy rooms In good house. good conking, and .t.tendance, good references if required. " SORRENTO," al ban y roel.

DOSCOMFIN. TIOURNEMOU'H --cuperior FUR/U.BMM APARTMHNTS, with good cooking and attendance pleasantly situated near sea: Arcade and Ple-tric trams ; ennd cv^le accommolation ; terms mod Prate and inclusive. Misses Letsuninux. He!shy, Westby roaJ,

forses. (garrtageo, Eibt ,Stork, .Fzt

FCR SALT?, useful TRAP to carry four. fit for the road. 0. McKAy, 261. Wlodhouse lane. Wigan. SALR, through death. Lady's VTCTOPTA. PtirAP.To. k 7 by Windover, cost £75. Wanted offer.-17, BOOTH- ROYDEIq, BiriCkpool. Fl[l'llL SALE, BRRIVBR'S sPRING CART: nearly new cheap also small Spring Float; suit cob.-193 CHESTER STREET Birkenhead.

1 LARGH heavy healthy PIGS five months old, carriage paid.--AnTEuft Wittums, Chalkpits Farm, Matching Green, Essex. ALE or EXCLIANGH. qt Bernnrd Dog, 50a ; horizontal 1,/ Steam Engine, 50s : Gold Ring, 15s 6d.—C., 10 West- minster Parade, Edmonton.

ONALL two HORSES and CARTS ; would snit farroer contractor.—Apolv, DuxuunY, off Old road, Ashton- in-Makerfleld, Newton-le-Willowm.

4iaiatlianous, On zalts, ttr.

11.70 E LEGGINGS, strong gloves, belting, leather, aend .1 BAKER, Manufacturers, Chard. VEER. PAIRS of OPERA GLASSES, particulars stamp.- 1: PHILLIPS, 132, Sibley Grove, East Ham. TARVIS'S Harvest Companion, post free for 38.—H. J. tl GOULDEN 39 and 40 High street, Canterbury.

MULSdKINS, sound. dry. square, 2s per doz, and postage pad by return, Mention :this paper,—BAKEß, Tanner,Chard.

VERY PRETTYi2.?. carat gold cased Pearl and Turquoise V BECK WIAIN, 2s 6dspost free. -.•SHELDON. 60.Copthall, Avenue, E.C.

iii_ARDEN CABBAGE, Sale's Pride of Market, best,earliest, k) never bolts, packet 6d ounce 11, SALE, SeedsM9a, Wokingbam, Berks.

-DEBT SUMMER DIET. See Apple tree cookery b00k,300 ALP receipes, Is and Is 6d. Ga.ENDINNING, 34, London Wall, London. CARRIAGE PAID, e most wonderful RAT TRAP 4 th / in existence. One to tour alive each cast.—Fox, 45. Ullswater road, Lancaster. HOOTING.—D. B. HAMMER GUN', 12 bore left choke, K. 7 top lever, once used, and 20 2artridges. 558.— BENNETT, Hatters, 17, Swan street, Manchester.

IHOQUET. TENNIS, BOWLS. ORICKIiT and all Indoor ki and Outdoor Games. opecial Terms to Clubs, &c.— LINDoP, 38 Shudelllll, Manchest-r.

HiLli.D WARE, Clothing. Furniture Jewellery, Bazaar Goods. Cheapest House in Trade. Catalogue free. - BERRIDGE AND CO. (LO2). Birmingham.

‘4 A rANAIMONIAL PUSr," seated 0(1 ; with circular 9.1 ; 1,1 estabashed quarter of a century.—lipiroß, "M. Post," 12, Teafalgar Buildings, London, W.C. DOROWY DIA.NTLELES INCANDESCENT BURNERS no mantle requirel everhsting, 2s 6d post free. DOROTHY BURNER Co., Holloway road, London. TARTER CURSE. Nurse Lancaster has prescription. Certain JLJ cure, authority of famous medical professor, stamps is 6d, LANCASTER. 148, Old street, London, B. C. - - y ADDIS' DAINTY MATERIALS for Blouses and Dresses 1.1 new Spring colourings, 4.1 yard. Carriage paid Patterns free.—DRESS WAREHOUSE (893) Darlington.

BELTING, FASTENERS, Graphite, Mica grease, Oils, Packing. Insertion. Jenkins valves, Bakery fittings,— GENERAL hNGINEER'I3 STORES, BraphaWb,(72) Stoke.

GRIP POTATO and Cook Shop PITTIS i every variety Champion dangers. Potato Peelers, Shoo on Wheels 100 page List tree— AIABBIT'S, Poland-street, Manchester. WARM YOUR BATH with patent ** C Ida." What is it? The safe Geyser. Gives greatest satisfaction. G. SHREWSBURY, Catch Work., Station Road, Camberwell, S.&

HAMPER containing Chicken, Butter, Eggs, Vegetables, bs fid. Double quantity. 103 6d. Out Blossoms, Is 6d and 2s 6d. carriage paid.—LA.Ycamc, Ter vicii Rectory Peters fie ld

I ADZES' DRESS Lifisi(*VHS. Ss. ltd. carriage paid, AI Snowflakes, Zibelines, Tweeds, Poplins, Armures, Alpacas, Cashmeres, dm, patterns free. —PE ARSON'S DREBB WAREHOUSE, Leeds. rIOTTAGES.—FOR SALE, four new Cottages, well tenanted, in good condition throughout; situ tta oehind Longford Hotel.—Apply Mr* FINCH, off Long lane, Orford, Warrington. LIROM FACTORY TO PUBLIC. School Satchels, all 1: leather, 3., carriage paid; write for free catalogue saddlery, kc.—Ron LT HAN, Caldmore, Walsall, Contractor to H. Government. THE BYES,—To remove all Inflamation, (Stickiness after .1 sleep ' • produce Growth of Eyelashes ; Beautify and pre- serve. Send particulars to 11,, 80, Beeston-hill, Leeds. Satisfaction RnR rant eed•

csl PECIAL CLUAttING LINII3. marvellous value, 4s 6d 0 rugs sent p Hit free ls 9d, 4s albums for cabinets sent post free is 6d. CorraELL BROS., 175. Manchester road, Mosley, Lancw.hire.

I NDlGHSTlol.—sufferers from this distressing complaint -I should write at once for a box of Quinine and Hop Tonic Pills (silvered). Price is. id. post free.—C}IRTTLE, Chemist, Clevedon.

rrHE BOUQUIAT COFFRII COMPANY will forward, 1 carriage tree, to any part of the kingdom, their ex- quisite Coffee, routed, whole on reecipt of Is 6d per lb.-89 Harrow road, Loadon, W. PAIRS SHOES, Government pattern. excep 2,000 tionally light, cool and easy, unequalled for wear, less than cost ; sample pair 3s 6d ; carriage paid.— TAPP. Newland. Northampton, I\I'ETTING. NETTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, 11 Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.Thommi Joarisox's, Net. Warehouse Cornoretion-street, Manchester.

QTAMMIIRBILS. —A Etentletcan, who for over 30 years was 0 a most inveterate Stammerer and cured himself, is anxious to help others bimilarly afflictad.—For terms, ezc., apply to G. W. COOPER. Govt Whaley Bridge I OOK I-4,000 Pairs New miLtrAttic MXOE-ISM sewn / very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size post free for 5s 6d per pair ; money returned if not approved of,—H. J. GAssoN, Government Contractor. Rye.

A BPIIOIAL OFFER.—Ladies Cambric Bodices.beautlfully IV made, tucked and trimmed, fine lace and insertion, 12 different patterns, sizes 19 to 27, price Is nad post free, worth 2s 11d,-9HFLLEY & LoDGE,Ladies' OiltflttPrs,,:hpfliem

4,2TBRILITY in Women : Its Causes and Curative Treat- ° ment. An Illustrated Sdition, by a late Seniore Physician to a Hospital for Women, post free 3s Bd. London: SHELLEY it Co., LTD, 38, Graeechureh-stree t.

ri_ENTLIMAN. 401 n. chest, 381 n. waist. offers navy serge LOUNGH SUIT, 22s M Tweed Snit, 225. 6d.; Raglan Rein-Coat, 1120 s. All unworn.—Address G., Box 1344. c/o Sharrow 84 Thatcher, 13, West street, Cambri.ige Circus, London, W.C.

UCZKMA.—" DK. WILSON'S HOZ.NDIA. COHN" givet 12.1 immediate relief and speedily cures torturous skin diseases, ulcerated sores. Jars Is. Ifd.. treble 2s. 94. Principal chemists ot DR. WILSON'S AGENCY. 20. Fordham street, Liverpool.

A BOON TO HOUSBKBBPBRS.—GentIemens shirts Lt refiOed, gentlemen's Books and stockings dvned or re footed by hand, ladies' underzlothing repaired ; any descrip,ion of domestic sewing done.—DESMOND & SoNs, Mandy, Londonderry.

RM3171141.T01D ARTHRITIS and Rheumatic Gout speedily cured by marvellous new discovery. Splendid results. Moderate cost. BARING GOULD, Rheumatic Specialist. "Ivanhoe." Queenswood road, Birmingham. Advi?.e and testimonials free.

TNDIGHSTION.—The 311iDIOA1 ItHFORISI SOCIETY will tend FRRit to all appli3ants an excellent BOTANIC DITRB for Indiwestion. Biliousness. Liver Complaints. Piles, Rheumatism. Gout,. and Bronchitis.—Address . The SECRE- TARY (Dept. 19). 13oTiotic INSTITUTE, Nottingham.

Oft F, Rheumatism. Sciatica, Lumbairo. and aching pains ‘7l" in the back and limbs spee;illy relieved and perm,%n- ently cured by my special treatment. All sufferers who want a reliable cure at a reasonable price send 2s 6d:to BUGEN VALLtzE. 27 Wood street, Ladywood, Birmingham

TO BR SOlD.—Farnworth. near Widnes.—The extensive _L Works. lately need by the Lancashire Manure Co. with Machinery and 24.420 square yards at Freehold Lani. with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chernical or other works requiring space.—Address J. Hommel, 16 Fen wick-street, Liverpool.

WEIIK (without stcurity), tient's English Hall— / marked Sterling Silver Lever Watch. chronometer balance. 15 jewels, 10 years guarantee Lady's Engraved Watch, 30s. Presentalon chain with each. Carriage paid. Write to-day,—Only address. DAVIES'S WATCH STORES, Low Hill. Liverpool TOURISTS and Visitors should rot be without ANTI- IL MICRO Disinfectant Wacer Softener, Air and Water Purifier. Indispensable for toilet and ,ick room, and where water hard, uncertain, or impure Unequalled for foot bath. Sample and postage 9d.—IANTIMICRO' Denfit, 6 Pros- pect Place, Swansea. Retailers wanted,

WVHO'S YOUR LAWYER? I haven't required one since I bought Of CROSBY LOCKWOOD AND SoV, 7 stationers' Hall Court, London. R.O , a Copy of' EVERY MN' i OWN LAWYER,' by A BARRISTER, price 6s BLI post tree, which has been repaid to me twenty times over in the saviny of lawyers' fees. New and Revised Edition (1933) just publishei

DMEN YOUR BUSINESS NEED STINIUIATING ? Are you doing the amount you might 1o? Whether you tire or whether you are not we can assist von to do more. In what particular way is plainly told if You send a request on'your trade paper for our new and interesting booklet" Ad yertising for Profit." It is free.—Address "EXPERT. N.C.C. 47 Fleet street, London, B.C.

FIAT AND CORN SfißD9.—Steml and Iron Sheds 62 x 2aft. 171 t to elves, oartly enelosml. Priem delivered erected £9O cash. or 3 ye‘rly nayinonts of £33. Otbmr sizes in propo,tion. iFirm-proof, storm-pro. practically indestructible. Thousands in use. Save their cost to farmers In very few years. Liqhter Shed £Bo.—lsse.c Dix° NAND Co., Windsor Ironworks, 13dgehtli, Liverpool.

liiiatllanou6, on Oaits, etc.

150 DOZEN Ladies' Black Elastic Belts to be sold regardless of cost, 5d each, post free ; usual price, 15.—Bhcx & Co., Llphook.

VCR SALA, ITALIAN MANDOLLNH CASH, complete 225. Bd. ; bargain worth double.—Mrs. COWLRD, 75, Middle street, Stroud.

A VOID DRUGS.—African Fruit Paste, positive cure for Constipation. Dyspepsia. &c., is 10. sample sent for 2 stamps.—Juon, 4 Burgeon street, London, B.C. - IWHAT TO RAT AND HOW TO COOK IT. The Apple Tree Cookery Book and Guideito Rational Diet, Is and ls 6d.—GLENDENNING. 34, London Wall, London.

eIIIARACTIIR READING from Photograph, not smaller kJ than c.-de-v. State colouring of hair, eyes, complexiou. ls and stamped envelope.—R , 518 High road, Tottenham, N.

2 6 • Wi in SfiKLY or lug. Mtuly will secure you S. D. CHRTIFICATE for MOO to purchase own house —Address Meacerca, " Exiininer" Office,Warrington

Otorko, ttsfltegge4s. eft. • - - 00NFECTIONERY BUSINESS FOR SALE; oven on level.-29. EGERTON-STREET, 15109 es Gate, near Bohm.

VRUITHRBR'S and Greengrocer's BUSINIISS for Sale as I. a Going Concern ; steady trade; owner giving up.-26. BEBBINGTON ROAD, New Ferry, Birkenhead.

D ETlRlNG.—Spiendid Beer and Wine House six barrels Li and good bottle trade ; price £240 licence clear ; rent £45, good living rooms; no agents.-85, BARTON LINE, Eccles, Manchester.

SBASIDS for disposal High Class STATIONERY FANCY AND TOY BURNOSS, lin best part of Nev Brighton. Splendid Opportunity. Bargain to quick pur- chaser.-1,33, Victoria Road, New Brighton•

evelto.

HlCkti-OLASS DAIMLEIR Kowa OaitittAG-Ii can b hired by day or week: experienced citaffeur.— APPLY hTCHELLS, Cecil street, Greenheye, Manchester. Tele- phone 3155.

MOTOR CYCLES built With Cheer, lan, fi.S.A. or other fittings; Minerva. 14 h.p., £3B, 21 h.p., £42 10s, with forecar cane basket; Upholster; £55; forecar fitted to any motorcycle; list two stamps —A.ITICEN, Frodsham.

GINTS' HIGH-GRADB SAFBTY for Sale ; bargain ; new at Christmas; not soiled; free wheel, rim brake, silver-plated rime. Dunlop licensed tyres ; latest 1903 ; all accessories ; elegant machine; cash urgently required ; sacrifice £4 18s, the lot ; approval with pleasure; worth double.—K. GILL, Waveney-villa, Beach-road, Weston-super- Mare.

0 T 0 R S. CLARENDON MOTOR CYCLES, 21. AND 3 CLARENDON MOTOR CARS, MULFORD TRAILERS AND FORE-OARS.ME JOHN MELBOURNE LTD., WILDERSPOOL IRON WORKS. 7,z' WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE No. 122.

DO NOT SELECT YOUR MOTOR BICYCL te• BEFORE INSPECTING- 0U1FT17517 MOTOR New Models just in of " QUADRANT " " TRIUMPH " " ROYAL ENFIELD "and BICYCLES. F. all fitted with 2 Horse Power Engines. We snail be ple%sed to give any inform4tion if you will favour us with a call. ALSO LATEST PATTERNS of "LEA- CYCLES. FRANCIS." "TRIUMPH.," "ROYAL. ENFIELD"" SUNBEAM" and "SPARK- BROOK" CYCLES. INSPECT OUR TEN QUINEA Machines (Lady's and Gents) Fitted with Dunlop Tyres, Free Wheel and Two Rim Brakes; Secondhand Bicycles from 22 10s. EASY PAY- MENTS. LISTS FREE. A few shop soiled Machines now being offered at greatly reduced prices. RITCHINGS LIMITED, 74. BOLD-STREET. AND 165, DUK LIVERPOOL.

ARNOLD AND LEWIS. 7 ST. ANN'S SQUASH, MANCHR3THEL. HALL HARKED SILVER GOODS. Established 1830.

DR. SCOTTS PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER COM PLAINTS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS HEADACHE, DR• SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prices is. 10. and 2s. 9d

2/6 PER IMPERIAL QUART (BOTTLES INCLUDED.) SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 118, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PER BOTTLE, FULTON BROS, WINE KERCIHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 thantes from Central and Lime Street Statioap.)

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. TWENTIETH APPEARANCE. At the Newton-le-Willows Police Court, before Mr. T. J. Gillespie, Sarah Hickey, of Golborne, made her twentieth appearance for drunkenness, the fifth time in a few weeks. She was fined 10s. and costs; in default fourteen days. A VIOLENT EARLESTOWN MAN. OnMonclay Bernard Cahill, of Earlestown,was charged before Mr. Gillespieat Newton-le-Willows Police Court with being drunk and fdisorderly, and with assaulting Police-constable Mellor on Saturday night. When Cahill was apprehended he became so violent that it required several police officers to get him to the station during which Police-constable Mellor was kicked in the ribs. He was remanded until Thursday's sessions when he was fined 5s and costs for drunkenness and lOs and costs for assault. STREET BETTING AT EARLESTOWN. Another batch of Earlestown bookmakers, who last month were fined £5 and costs for betting, were again before the Newton-le-Willows magistrates on Thurs- day. In two cases Matthew Seaton and William Unsworth, of Earlestown, were each fined the full penalty in both cases. Frank Dale, also of Earlestown, was fined £5 and clsts in one case. John Allen, of Ashton-in-Makerfield, for bookmstking at Golborne, was also mulcted in £5 and costs; whilst Roger Kelly, William Henry Owen, and Alfred Pearce were fined 10s. and costs for betting with Allen. STONE-THROWING AT HANDOCK. Mr. E. Peace, in prosecuting a boy named Henry Brown, of Haydock, at Newton Police Court on Thurs- day, for throwing stones at a locomotive driver named , Sham, employed at Haydock colleries, stated that stone-throwing at Haydock had become so prevalent that special steps had to be taken to put a stop to the practice. Defendant was ordered to receive six strokes with the birch. AN EARLESTOWN DOG FIGHT. William Fahey and John Horan, an old man, were charged before the Newton-le-Willows magistrates on Thursday with cruelty to a dog at Earlestown on 3rd July. Several female witnesses, who appeared for the prosecution, stated that they heard Fahey say to one of the two dogs," Give it him, Jack," and when the dogs were fighting the two men refused to separate them. In cross-examination the witnesses admitted that they did not see either defendant hold one dog in such a manner as to cause it to attack the other. Inspector Print stated that the weaker dog had been bitten on the ears and fore leg. The Chairman said there was no proof that the defendants caused the dogs to fight, and dismissed the case.

More Judgment than Luck'. A lady writes: "I have brought up five children, • youngest nob.) nine, and have never had one case of Measles amongst them. I have neVer used any soap IN THE NURSERY except Wright's Coal Tar Soap. It must be the Soap, and not pure lucli." FOUR-PENCE per Tablet.

: DO you DRINK LIMEJUICE ? , N i# op PURE UME-FRUIT JUICE 001 an ulm : - -17-44, s ! \ \ 4 ivi ---------- :i , 4' _ g--.- THEN DRINK THE BEST 10,,___

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE ( OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. _- AFTER TWO PILLSR FELT BALER 26, Rutland-street. Brompton-road, S.W. April 26th. 1932. Sir,—l feel bound to write and state my wife's case. She was taken very ill with gout some weeks ago, and was in bed, not being able to put her foot to the ground. I made up my mind to try your Pills, and gave her two. After a few hours she felt easier. She took one more in the after- noon, and I was surprised to finn her no from bed when I ame home in the evening. In*.two or three days she was its well again. Yours truly, A. FORD. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in) ri GE matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles. le. 111. and 2s. 91., or sent post free for stemps or P.O. by the proprietor GRORGR BADS, 232, Goswell-raad, London.. EADE'S GOUT & R

TOWLE S • 01 I TO BE If4D OF ALL CHEAMSTIIN BOXES ///:t.2/.Sk I CR4605E111- ANYWHERE ON RECEIPT OF 1.C.T10R55 STAHAS BY E.T.TOWLE C.66.IONGROW NOTTINGHAM

EATING'S :POWDER KI LS , • ..FIEAS.BUGS,Ms THS,BEETLES+ TINS 3d.,6d.i5-•BELLOWS 9d.

• trt • 'a • +..Z• AM% .; • s•41:0 • - n•I pr" , Vtir \n- r f CURES STIFF tiCINTS, SF-.4INS, OLD WOUNDS, SORE ".!--;-iROAT, QUINSY, BUTIS, SCALDS AND ERUPTIONS OF THE S;(1N. 7 , New OxFor,l Street (late 5,3; C,':.:a"d I.oriclop-

CLOSE OF vistr• I,A.ST DAY IN WARRINGTON, SAT URD Y, AUG. 2. WHEN MR. LONSDALE WILL CLOSE HIS VISIT. For Thirty years the '6 Magnetaire " Treatment has noW THREE TENS. been before the Public, and during that time we he" received some thousands of Testimonia's from all quarters of the Globe, both rich and poor deriving benefit, and gratefully recording the same. Many of the most noted 10. 10. 10• in the Medical Profession, realising its potent infi uenCe upon the Recuperative Powers of the Nerves, have recommended our Special Treatment. Tney are aware that Drugs wont't do, and if you are a discriminati 3g person we feel that the following acknowledgments we have wrested from the world of its searching gift will prove that the" Magnetaire " gives Tone and Vigoin to j every organ in the body, and at the same time will build up the whole constltution in a marvellous way ; and we shall have benefited you by helping you to lead a healthier, happier, and more prosperous life. MR. R. LONSDALE, AI.E.. CAN BE CONSULTED DAILY AT 35, BEWSEY STREET, W.A.RRINGION. UNTIL SATURDAY, AUGUST 22ND, 1903. HutißS OF AT PENDANCE :—MORNING. 10 to 1; AFTERNOON, 3 till 5; EVENING, 6 to 8. CLOSED ON SATURDAYS AT 7. CONSULTATION ( PEET NLEATLTLY. R ) FREE. Mr. LONIDALE will be glad to visit invalids who are unable to call at his rooms:—New Edition of Pamphlet, containing Price List and full Particulars, may be had on application. WARRINGTON TESTIMONIALS—WONDERFUL CURES. WEAK IHEAR T AND BRON 31-11 TIS. 39, Apple Street, Derby Street. . Bolton, May 16th, 1903. Dear am -glad to let you know that my son has so much improved through using your Magnetaire appliances that he is now quite well. The doctor could do nothing with him; he suffered from a Weak Heart and Bronchitis. We are so delighted with his cure that we would like you to publish this so that others may be encouraged to put themselves under your valuable Magnetaire treatment. Yours gratermllv. Mr. R. Lonsdale, SI.E. JOSEPH MOWER.

I remain, yours truly. GEORGE VA.RLEY (Engine Tenter), Mr. R. Lonsdale, M.B. Mr. R. Lousdale, M.E. THE MAGNETAIRE TREATMENT IS THE MOST RATIONAL AND EFFICACIOUS MEANS yet Introduceol for 'preventing. relieving, and curing Consumption, Bronchitis, Asthma, Sore Throat, Loss of Voice, and other Weaknesses of the Lungs and Throat, Indigestion, Oongastion, Tumours, Inflammation, Constipation. and all affections of the Stomach and Intestines Liver Derangements, Diabetes, Gravel, and other Disorders of the Kidneys, Rheumatism, Gout, Lumbago, Weak- ness. Wasting, or Contraction of the Muscular System, Neuralgia Sciatica, Hysteria, Epileptic Fits, Nervous Weakness. St. Vitus' Dance, and all eases of Paralysis, partial or total. LONSDALE az CO., 35, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON, WORKS BOWLING COMPETITION.

BOWLING. RUNCORN (BRIDGE INN) v. WARREN GTO JUNIOR CONSERVATIVE CLUB. The first game between teams representing the abOVe clubs took place on Thursday of last week at the Bridee Inn Green, Runcorn. Runcorn won by 56 points. IP" folloWing was the result : RUNCORN. S. D. WARRINGTON. S. S. Johnson (capt) ll 111 W. Longmoor capt 71 15 H. Treadwell R. Briscoe ll}l3 H Hayes T. Dean ll Clare • 5) T. Anderton ll 113 Starkey . 9111 R. Jones B. Jolley T. C. Price W. Johnson 4} ,3 Craige J. White B. Warder 6113 Men ill. 8 ANtshbrook 3 f Cheadle 11) C. Madens 6 T 31j3 H. Grundy J. Dykes G. Conway W. Stringer ' ll } Longmoor 3 51 9 J. Probert 6 Walker ...- 158 105 135 i

FOR FIRST-CLASS RILIVATt DENTISTRY TEETH. AnDointmense unneoesearyant may be arrange& TEETH. All consultations free. TEETHEach patient infwormorrreb:ufrehand the oast . TEETH. Gold ard other liMnge at moAerat• charges. TEETH. An M.D.. also Lady Attenclauts. e TEETH. P.,nlese Extraction as hitherto by the ad TEETH. Maker to Dentists of 13,0001kallons weekly. Ram's. of the late J. IT. PARKINSON (DENTIST ay IhrA.m.)l MR. MADDISON A TrIiNDS ST. HELENS ... ...G EORGE•STREBT MONDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. SATURDAY, 9.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. WARRINGTON SANREY-STREST WEDNESDAY, 2 to 5. RinwrnOßN, 31. BRIDGE-Sl% VIVESDAY, 2 to 5. NORTHWICH--.14, APYLEBIARKET-STBSOI FRIDAY, II to 12, and 1 to b.

Birth. tbr LOWE—August 12th, mat Carfrae-terrace, Plvou-' u wife of E. Ernest Lowe, of a son. Marriage. leis/ INGLIS-I'OEl.--On August 12th, We Bold-street NY.es,, onw Church, by the Rev. John Otty, M.A.f Alnvoct,f itof the Rev. b. H. Carnson,Henry Alexander Inglis, A';000 second son of Mr. Frank Inglis, Devonport, to 7010 late 34. Helena (Nellie). youngest daughter of the Toft, and Mrs. Toft, Warrington. At 141,11.3 rd• Belvidere Crescent, Aberdeen, Sept. 16th, 17t"'
