===== 0002601_19121207_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Edwaru. "Ish Disestablis.. WPEOPLI ci7Zrvyd !Atm, 111)1an ridge °1 . 'pt. _ JE WARRINGTON PARISH CH and Present) CHORISTERS AS A PERFORMANCE OF SPOHR'S GRAND ORATORF "THE LAST JUDGMEN Akt WILL BE GIVEN IN THE 'ISH CHURCH, THURSDAY, DECEM AT 8 P.M. PRINCIPALS: SOPRANO: MISS MAY ATKINSOIN TENOR Mu. JOHN DRAPER. BASS: Mu. J. B. POOLE. AND CHOIR OF 60 VOICES. ORGANIST AND CONDUCTOR: M. DA', BY, Esq., Mus. Bac,, F.R.C.O tollection will he made on behalf of the fu t 1 41(14,"e Association, and, as these funds are ,011.'13r Me support of the Parish Church Choi `ta'eFation are requested to contribute generous wolieet,nn, '13TIO) 40

===== 0002601_19121207_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
F. HALLE'TT,

(late with Eustance and Co.)

•10,

Bridge Street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
Z The John Maginn eo. ;:;

(Opposite Royal Court Theatre.)

===== 0002601_19121207_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
RYLANDS STREET, WARRINGTON.

Best House

in Town for

===== 0002601_19121207_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Furnishing

Up=tomdate

ALL GOODS

GUARANTEED.

Special Discount for Cash or Terms Arranged to Suit Customers,

BEDROOM SUITES.

BEDROOM SUITES.

From £8 1 Os.

Bentwood Chairs and Card Tables for Sale or Hire

In any Quantity.

You! What are you thinking of buying for• Christmas ? Let us suggest an Umbrella or a Walkillg Stick, It need not be an expensive one, it is just a question of commonsense design and careful work- manship. We have hundreds of • elegant and attractive designs. PROM 1/3 TO 433/•. As we are Specialists in Umbrella Manufacture our designs combine smakness with real serviceability. —CALL and inspect our big stock TO-DAY— , • Jo & cos Umbrella Specialists, 48, HORSEMARKET STREET. WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS RICHARD J_EFFREYS CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. PRESENTS. • 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large assortment of Framed Plotarea suitable for Weadinc and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, etc. Terms moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY BOUM OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and BURNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

'• ,r • •

, • :

I

' -

: ; '

I

i

•

===== 0002601_19121207_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
TONE.

TI-11E PIANOS TrrIAT SING T Piano LEGH STREE musics Warehouse.

lE-lOW TO FIND 3/S/lI,ICES'S 1 . r•-• I. I r.l allitr h e., co.l . ......... .. , . . ._. . , -4 ----- , :.. , snairfr STR £(7- . - .t..4ki: ,‘1 1 ' -'•!.. --:',.'.'• ,-,.- ,•..e. L'i 'ag , lb , I: ? te ',l ' c .141., ‘,10,i, 1 *-Posr-OpricelL : KEss p r

===== 0002601_19121207_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
WIL fo

lANOS

ren‘./ • . AVO . •

2 FOINYDOMILI,SAtI PUDDINGS USEMoDOUCALL'S PATENT SELF RAISING FLOUR The Exaramer, Saturday, December 7, 1912.

4. F. p. 1;-• 1

===== 0002601_19121207_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
iOOTB7I

• . • A • V', Ana .fe, eavir---10 tivs . rJ4TIiLTI" .. • .• •

===== 0002601_19121207_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY " MUST."

Jack Frost played Warrington a scurvy trick last Saturday when, by means of a special effort between 12 noon and 2 p.m. he made the ground so bard that the match with Wakefield Trinity had to be postponed. There had been a keen frost in the night, but during Saturday forenoon the ground was playable, only to go harder as the sun declined in the early afternoon. The teams and most of the spectators made their way to the ground, only to be disappointed. There was a goodly contingent cf Warringt,niaus from Wakefield, and they naturally felt particularly aggrieved.

The match has been re-arranged for Monday after- noon at 2-15. Warrington are sure to lose heavily through the loss of a Saturday gate.

It is to be hoped that bttter luck attends the fixture to-day, for there is no more attractive match on the card than the one with Huddersfield. The champions are still undefeated in the League, but I have no faith in them going through the season without the loss of a point. Neither have I any faith in the Wirepullers as the team likely to make the first breach in that proud 100 per cent. Time was when they could be relied upon for a superlative effort against the mighty, but the team of to-day is not so powerful as the side which contained Jack Fish. I remember Oldham coming to Wilderspool with a clean record of ten or eleven successive victories, but they left the certificate at Warrington. The unexpected , may happen—that is one of the joys of the game— but I shall be surprised and delighted if Warrington prove themselves equal to putting a spoke in the , Huddersfield wheel.

The Warrington men should be both fresh and keen. They have had plenty of rest lately, and as training has been rigorously atteoded to they should be able to stay the pace alright. Where they are likely to be left is by the pace and cleverness of the Huddersfield rear division, than which there has probably oelosr been a finer combination. Given a fine day, and the match should be worth missing a wedding to see.

Unfortunately Warrington will again have to take the field without their Skipper. Renwick is reported " fit " and in training, but his shoulder still gives some trouble and it is thought unwise to risk him in such a big engagement. The team well, otherwise, be at full strength.

The selection is: Jolley, full tack ; Brooks. Dickin- son, Tranter and Mclntyre, three-rivarters ; Nicholas and Rushton, half backs; G Thomas, R Thomas, Cheaters, Skelhorne, Cos and Fearnley forwards.

[he Huddersfie Id team nil] be : Bollard, full back ; Rosenfeld, Gleason, Wagstaffe, and Moorhouse, or Kitchen, threequarters ; Grey and Davies, half backs ; Clarke, Chilcott, Gronow, Higsan, Langstaff, Swinden or linsworth, forwards.

Huddersfield possess at least two men whi may bp considered perfect in their respective positions, and I should like Warrington supporters to take note of their play. I refer to Wagstaffe, the brainiest centre who has ever played the N.U. game, and Clarke, the Cumberland forward. The latter is a slashing player and a certain scorer near the line.

The "A "team make their first visit to Yorkshire in combination football to-day. They are due at Fartown to meet Huddersfield "A," and should he fully equal to giving the home lot a good game. If our local lads wruld only play the same game that they did against Wigan Bighfield, they might spring a surprise at Fartown.

The "A " team will be : Brown, full back ; Clare, Hudson, Jordan and Davies, three-quarters: A Brown and Daintith, half backs; Naylor. Critchley, Bevan, Arnold, Harmer and Gibbs,f forwards.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE v. YORKSHIRE.

The Lancashire County Northern Union authorities Lave maintained the principle which they adopted some little time ago of selecting county-born players for county championship games, and for the match with Yorkshire at Oldham on December 16th the following side has been chosen : J Sharrock (Wigan) ; G Sharpies (Dewsbury), H Taylor (Widnes), J Dobson (Barrow), H Curwen (Wigan) ; F Gleave (Wigan), S Watton (Runcorn) ; R Ramsdale (Wigan), J Dearden (Rochdale Hornets), A Lee (Leigh), NV Longworth (Oldham), J Bailey (Swinton), W Reid (Widnes). Referee, R Robinson (Bradford).

Compared with the side selected to meet Cumber- ' land in September, when Lanerbhire lost, only Sharrock, Taylor, Gleave, Ramadale, Lee and Long- worth maintain their places. Tom Johnson, Harris, and Flannagan are left out of the three-quarter line, and Sharpies, Dobson and Curwen gain county honours for the first time. Gleave was selected for the last match, but owing to an injury i.e did not play, Trenwith, of St. Helens, deputizing. Thus it can be said tkat both the half-back positions are changes, Ganley giving way to the veteran Walton, of Runcorn. In the forwards Winstanley, Parr and Preacott are omitted, and Reid, who has previously gained county honours as a three-quarter back, Dearden aud Bailey come in. The latter played his first League game of the season on Saturday last. It is not a formidable aide, but the mode of selection is to be commended.

The Yorkshire team (which defeated Cumberland on Thursday at Hull by 19 points to 5) will be : Carmichael (Hull Kingston Hovers); Jenkinson, W Batten (Hunslet), Wagstaffe, Moorhouse, (Hudde Ts- fie Id) ; Smith (Hunslet), Slater (Wakefield Trinity) ; Mann, Moore, Haskins (Hull Kingston Rovers), =sinks, Smalea (Hunslet), and Burrall (Bradford).

LANCAbHIRE CUP FINAL. It was decided to play the postponed Lancashire Cup final between Rochdale Hornets, the holders, and Wigan at Salford on Wednesday, December 11, the kick-off to take place at 2.39. The Mayor of Salford is to be asked to present the cup and medals.

The League table up-to-date is as follows : For. _ Agst._

Per-

P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. P. c'n-t"ge. Hud'field l2 12 0 0... 42 67 285...16 16 80_100.80 Hunalet 11 10 1 0... 35 49 217...19 13 77... 9090 Wigan lO 8 2 0... 34 49 215...10 16 68... 80'00 Dewsbury 11 8 3 0... 30 59 237...22 21 107... 7212 Wakefield Tll. 7 2 2... 24 39 165...18 27 117... 7272 Widnes 9 6 2 1... 16 27 113...12 15 69... 72.22 Hull K.R 12 8 3 1... 37 36 182...29 30 146... 7083 Broughton 8 4 2 2... 18 25 111...11 13 61.. 6250 Salford lO 6 4 0... 16 17 83...10 15 65... 6000 Swinton 11 6 3 0... 18 25 111... 918 72... 54'54 Bradfordj 10 ,5 5 0... 18 19 93...14 22 94... 50.00 Oldham Warrington 11 5 5 1... 11 13 61...19 16 86... 5000 Leeds 10 4 5 1 24 22 114.20 24 112... 45.00 Halifax 11 4 6 1... 16 21 95...22 31 137... 40.90 Hull ll 4 6 1... 20 24 112...24 25 123... 40.90 St Helens 11 4 6 1... 20 24 112...24 25 123... 40.410 Batley lO 4 6 0... 24 19 105...18 21 99... 4000 Leigh 10 4 6 0... 9 13 57...13 19 83... 40.00 York ll 4 7 0... 16 25 107...24 31 141... 3636 R'hdale H 9 3 6 0... 16 20 92...14 21 91... 33.33 Runcorn l3 4 9 0... 17 19 01-26 46 190.... Barrow 10 2 7 1... 7 12 60...17 22 100... 25.00 Bramley —l2 2 10 0... 14 17 79...36 58 246... 1622 Keighley 1 7 0... 10 9 47...21 30 132... 12 50 Coventry II 010 1... 11 18 82...49 87 359... 4.34

TO-DAY'S NIATCHES. Leeds 26 Broughton Rangers ... 8 Wigan — Hunslet — Halifax 43 Brarnley Warrington 0 Huddersfield Keighley Batley St Helens 2O Dewsbury 0 Coventry Wakefield Trinity Hull Widnes Swinton ll Runcorn .4 0

Mr Ben Tillett has been invited to address the Northampton branch of the British Socialist party,with a view to his adoption as Parliamentary cendidate for that borough. STARTING CRICKET NnTOFIRS ON' FRIO Vir S At the annual Cricket Club on Wednesday it was stated that Yorkshire and Lancashira would not enter- tain the suggestion of starting matches on Friday. The experiment, however, will be tried in the matches With Essex, Surrey, and Elampsh ire. •

===== 0002601_19121207_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR IMPS SPORTS CARTOON.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. THE NORTHERN UNION. --- Results of Saturday's Matches. NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE. _

G. T. P. G. T. P. Huddersfield 9 4 16 Leeds 0 0 0 Hunslet 1 5 17 Hull Bramley 1 3 11 Swinton Hull K R Bradford Northern 2 9, 10 Batley York Runcorn NORTHERN RUGBY COMBINATION. Leigh Shamrocks 1 0 2 Widnes A 0 0 0 Oldham A 0 3 9 Leigh A .. ...... 0 0 0

NORTH-WESTERN LEAGUE. Barrow A ..... 1 2 8 v Barrow Holker at. Old Boss RUNCORN v. BARROW: HOME SIDE'S IMPROVED SECOND HALF. On a hard and treacherous ground these two learns tried conclusions at Irwell-lane. Runcorn, though doing most of the pressing in the first half, were six points behind at the interval as the result of a couple of easy tries obtained by Gifford and Barrett. In the first instance the home defence was caught napping badly, and in the second case Stevenson, the home full back, was utterly deceived by the bounces of a lively ball. Neither try was improved upon. In the second half both teams appeared to have become more accus- tomed to the ground, and some good play was seen. The home team, however, held the upper band, and tries were run in by Hughes, Hoxworth, and Thornton, the last of which was a capital finish to a brilliant round of passing. Result :—Runcorn 1 goal 3 tries al points), Barrow 2 tries (6 points). Teams and officials:— Runcorn—Stevenson, back ; Moran, Creevey. Hughes and Thornton, three-quarter backs ; Hoxworth and Walton, half backs ; Padbury, Peacock, Richardson, Jones, Donohue and Williams, forwards. Barrow—Morgan, back; Bernier, Gifford, Hill and Williams, three-quarter backs ; Barrett and Baines, half backs; Knowles, Brocklebank, Parr, Tomlinson, Gould, and Fletcher, forwards. Referee, W McCutcheon, Oldham. Touch judges, E Bennett, Liverpool, and E J Hannaford, St Helens. LANCASHIRE JUNIOR CUP. RTLANDS' BEATEN IN FOURTH ROUND. Rylands' Recreation met their Waterloo on Saturday, when they were knocked out of the Lancashire Junior Cup '4th Round) by Pemberton. The match took place at the Gorsey-lane ground before a large crowd, and the defeat of the homsters by 2 tries to 1 was a disappoint- ment. Rylands were short of Hennessey, who has been signed on by Salford. The opening phases of the game were fought out at half-way, but eventually the Recrea- tion forced matters and raided the Pemberton goal. The defence held out, however, and a spell of exchange kicking resulted in the visitors attacking, but like the home lot the Pemberton hacks lacked finish Bramhall was sorely tried on several occasions, and twice had to take advantage of the saving clause. Lancaster came near scoring after a dashing run. Bramhall relieved with a ponderous sick. End-to-end play was witnessed and though Rylands' again as,umed the aggressive they were net able to break through and at the interval no tangible score had been recorded. In the second half Pemberton's weight told a tale, and the forwards overplayed Rylands, though the latter made a fine tight. Final : Pemberton, two tries (6 points) ; Wands 1 try (3 points).

THE SEMI-FINAL. The draw for the semi-ftnal round of the Lancashire Junior Cup, to be played on December 21, resulted as fAlows : Egerton or Wardley v Leieh Rangers, Swin- ton Park v Pendleton Rangers. The Egerton and Wardley postponed tie is to be played on December 14

—,-- NORTHERN UNION QUALIFYING ROUND. RYLANDS V SUTTON.—At St. Helens. Team: Bram- hall, full hack ; G Warren, W Leah icaptain), A Ilorrocks, F Potter ; G Floyd, J Gallop ; Stretford, Brandwood. Mason, Langley, Booth, Slater.

ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. CHESHIRE SENIOR CUP. THIRD ROUND REPLAY.—LATCIIFORD V BOWDON VALE At Latchford. The re-played tie aroused consider- able interest in Latchford and there was a large crowd though the frost-bound.pround had an effect on the play. In the end Latchford, who were slightly the better team, just gained the verdict by the narrowest possible margin, a goal to nil. NORTH CHESHIRE LEAGUE. - FIRST DIVISION. RESULTS TO SATURDAY. Goals. P. W. L. D. For Aest Pts Lcstock Gralam Barnton Villa Mobberley Lymm Bowdon Vale Broadheath Latchford Ooghtrington Park 5... 2... 3... 2... G... 4... 6 St Vincent's Altrincham Lads 7 0... 4... 3... 8... 13... 0 Onghtriagton Moat 6... 0... 6... 0... 8... 22... 0

===== 0002601_19121207_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPS AT

BYAIM v BROADIIEATH.

At Lymm, on Saturday. Both teams had several changes from the previous week, when they met at Navigation-road, Broadheath, and considering the state of the ground, a good game was witnessed. Wilson, for Lymm, scored two good goals in the first half, Preston being helpless, Hinde also defending well at full-back. Broadheath were awarded a penalty for an infringeme- in the area, from which the centre-half scored. The visitors were on the defence during all the second half, but Pearson, in goal, and the full backs were not to be beaten, and the result was : Lymm, 2 goals ; Broadheath 1 goal.

r

SECOND DIVISION. RESULTS TO SATURDAY.

P. W. L. I). for agst Pts Weaver Refining Co—. 6... 3... 0... 3... 13... 5... 9 Stockton Heath Latchford Recs Padgate Amateurs Cadishead Wesleyan 5... 2... 1... 2... 11... 8... 6 Latchford Reserve 5... 1... 2... 2... 9... 7... 4 Latchford Britannia 5... 2... 3... 0... 8... 14... 3 Warrington HL B

===== 0002601_19121207_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH V CADISHEAD WESLEYANS.

At Stockton Heath on Saturday, and after a lively opening the Heathens opened the score from a penalty. The visitors retaliated, and after several efforts Taylor equalized for them. Gradually the home team assumed the aggressive, and before the interval increased their score with a couple of goals, the last one being a particularly fine effort by Lockhart. Half-time : Stockton Heath 3, Cadishead Wesleyans I. In the second half Stockton Heath had by far the best of matters and increased their lead. Result : Stockton Heath 5, Cadishead Wesleyans 1. WARRINOTON C.L.B. V WEAVER REFINUFG Co.

At Greppenhall. The Brigade Lads went off with great dash and in the early stages bad the hest of matters. From a penalty they opened the score (their first goal in the competition.) After this reverse. the Refiners settled down to their game and overplayed the plucky Juniors : Result : Weaver Refining Co., 6 goals ; Warrington C.L.8., 2 goals.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
MOORE AND DARESBERY V CROSFIELDS.

Owing to some mistake in the arrangements made for a ground on Saturday last Crosfields again visited Moore. The memory of the severe beating they sus- tained three weeks previoint served to put great spirit into the visitors ; with this and a slightly altered team they easily ay. nged their defeat. From a corner near half-time Crosflelds scored a goal. In the second half two further goals were registered for the visitors and one for the home team. Score : Crosfields, 3 goals; Mc ore and Daresbury, 1 goal.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAYS TEAMS.

GREAT SANKEY- V §T-O-C-KT-o;liii-A.TH.-At Stockton. Heath :—Great Sankey team : Goal, J Davenport; full backs, E Glover, R Cletworthy ; half backs, E Glover, F Millington, H Payne ; forwards, E Darling- ton, H Ray, I Whitfield, E Forster, 0 Bowyer. Kick- off 2-45 p.m.

EMMANUEL TNSTIUTE V. EARLESTOWN Y.M.C.A.— At Victoria Park. Kick-ofT 2.15 p.m. Team: T Knight; (1 Harrison, S Hughes • S Banner, T Hughes, NV Ayres, E Asbpy, S Fairhurst, Ellison, 8 Roberts, r Hamilton._

Result November 30th :—Walker's Brewery, 3 goals ; Emmanuel Institute, I. WARRINGTON ADULT SCHOOL V ORFORD WHITE STAR.—At Orford. Start 2.30 p.m.—Team : Beddard ; Leigh,_ Bailey; R Williams, T Williams, IVlcGrane ; Stewart, Warburton, Dykes, Jackson, Rowe, Result, November 30th, Adult School 4, Earlestown Athletic 0.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

csntre forward played a nice game but his play was spoiled by his excited colleagues. The First Eleven encounter Stockport at home this afterooon and their team is :—H Wright, goal ; W T Eccles, C Billington' backs ; A Starkey, J B Wilkinson, A Knight, halves; It A Dale, J E Pearson, D Travis, W Isherwood, E Banks, forwards. Bully-oli 2.30 p.m. The Second Eleven v Sale " B" at Sale Cricket round is :—Three full backs, W Mull, J Bruhl, T Jixon ; H T Gibbs, A E Bradshaw, 'l' Banks, halves ; G Lover, F Hobin, W H Minards, A 0 Marsden, H R Cotton, forwards. Train from Arpley Station 1.14 p.m.

CROSFIELD'S CLUB. Crosfleld's met Heaton Park at home last Saturday. The game commenced with Crostield's playing only eight men, the other three missing the train and only arriving at half-time. The ground was partly flooded and frozen and really unfit for hockey. Handicapped though they were, Crosfleld's played a good game, but their defence was overwhelmed. _

" At half-time the three missing players arrived and took part in the game. This put the teams on a more equal footing and strenuous efforts were now made to reduce the lead, but only with partial success, the game ending in a win for Heaton Park by 7 goals to 1, To-day Crosfleld's meet Clayton at Clayton. Backs, W H Bench, A Paget, R Wallington; halves, J Evans. J Harrison, A Davies ; forwards, A Lythgoe, B T •Dickson, A Hodson, .1 Basketter, P Taylor.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS COUNTRY RUNNING.

(BY PF.Do.) On Saturday last Warrington A.O met Salford Harriers at Bentley. A pack of 35, including 15 from Warrington, followed a 42 miles trail, laid by three of Salford assisted by F Price, Warrington, which owing to the frost bound nature of the country was principally on the roads. Turton, Smith, Gregson, Vose, Scott, Shadwell and Fitton wealth() order at the first obstacle where the field strung out, and over the first portion of the course Salford appeared content for Warrington to make the running relying on their pa3e to tell at the finish, but two miles from home Vose let out a reef and was followed by Shadwell, Gregson end Turton, right to the end where Vose had an aavantage of 150 yards with Shadwell, a similar distance in front of Gregson and Turton, who finished close together. About 100 yards away Smith and Scott had only a few yards the beat of the argu- ment with Nurse, who ran splendidly for a novice, and Salford got the next 4 home before Jeffrey Watson who ran into tbe Warrington count and earned his club novice medal in meritorious style. Vose's time was 26min 30seca and the placings were as follows: -Warrington : C Vose 1, F Shadwell 2, A Gregson 3, T F Turton 4, J Nurse 7, J Watson 12 ; total 29 points. Salford : P Smith 5. W Scott 6, W F Robinson 8' J W Fitton 9, J Marshall 10, H Firth 11; total, 49 points- a 20 points win for Warrington. Runcorn Tally Ho had 12 starters for their Junior handicap which resulted in a popular victory for a first season runner after a race over a stiff course of 62 miles. Details :-1, A Radley (6min 40secs start) time 4lmin fOsecs ; 2, N Street (325), 42-30; 3, G Woolley (3min), 4210; W Thompson (smm) 43-0 ; 5, J Poole (4-25), 43-50 ; 6, T Rathbone (5-25), 43-50 1.5 ; 7, J Derbyshire, 8, C E Escott, 9, J Yarwood, 10,11 Helsby, 1 i J Manning, 12, E Pye. Sutton were at home to Leigh who supplied 17 of a pack of 48. Result after a 5 miles race :- Sutton : J Smart 1, D Brown 2, W Barrow 4, A Welding 6, E Harrison 8, S Welding 9, 30 points ; Leigh : J Dickenson 3, \V Elmer 5, J Simm 7, E Rawlinson 15, P Monks 19, 0 Keegan 20. 69 points.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
'FORTHCOMING TEAMf RACE.

_,-....-_!._!,•-•_

At Liverpool on Monday last 'the West Lancashire Association scrutinised and passed, subject to two reservations, the following 14 teams for a five miles race at Victoria Park, Latchford, on the 14th inst : Warrington A.C" A " Teato.—J Hanson, J Nurse, W ' Walters J Watson H Woods G Wakefield ; reserves, N Stafford, S Siddria. Warrington A.O " B " Team.—J Hayes, S Siddall, N Stafford, J Thorniley, G Wakefield, H Woods; reserves, H Payton, F Price. St. Helens Sacred Heart, Wallasey, St. Helens Parish Church, Lancaster Primrose, St. Helens Recreation, Runcorn, Ravenhead, Sefton, Sutton, West Cheshire, Liverpool Boundary "A " team, Liverpool Boundary " B " team. No less than eight of these teams sre spoken of as certain winners, and for the honour of first man home, 11 candidates present claims which have evoked declara- tions of confidence by their most intimate friends. As usual, the locals are supposed to be out of the reckoning, but their supporters expect them to come into the picture and occupy a prominent position at the finish, when many thrilling struggles for position should be seen. Three laps inside the Park and three larger laps, including a portion of the land outside will be covered, and Warrington A.C. who have been entrusted with the management, hope to prxsent local sportsmen with a treat. TO-DAY'S FIXTURES. St. Helens League combined run from St. Helena Parish Church headquarters, Warrington A.C. meet at their pavilion at 2.45 p.m., and in view of the race next week and the Christmas handicap the week following, all members are requested to attend. • COLOSSAL POST OFFICE FIGURES.

The figures given by the Postmaster-General in his report for the year 1911-12 can only be described as colossal. The number of postal packages delivered in the United Kingdom during the year was 5,483,000, and the number of tolegrams sent 89,200,000. Postcards have more than doubled in the last ten years.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK;: IMPS AT A WHIST DRIVE.

MINIATURE RIFLE SHOOTING.

APPLETON RIFLE CLUB v L.__B4 N.-W. RAILWAY

RIFLE CLUB.

On Friday, 29th November, these Clubs met at. the Drill Hall, to fulfil the first engagement of the winter season. The conditions of the match Neer- :—Eight men a-side,the best six scores to count •, 25 yards range; ten shots deliberate, and ten shots rapid, in 90 seconds; at a green target ; possible score, 100 at each. The return match took place, on the Railway Com- pany's range, on Tuesday evening last, under the same conditions, with the axeeption that the rapid targets were not used. _ _ _ _

It will be seen, from particulars given below,that the Appleton Club had the best of matters, by 163 on the former occasion, and by 111 on the latter. APPLETON. Del ib. Rapid. Total. E Pollard F C Hennion 97 93 190

CF Day 99 87 186 A Shepherd (eapt) F J Grocott J Towers 1094

L. & N.-W. RAILWAY.

S B Crompton .7 Yarwood BB 67 155 W G Limb (capt) 75 78 153 J W Elliott A W Allman B5 65 150 T Lowe

Other scores : A Down SS 70 158

T Appleby 55 75 130 J J Devonport L. & N.-W. RAILWAY. APPLETON. J Yarwood B9 F C Bennion 57 Sll Crompton (copt.) ... 87 E Pollard . ....... J \V Elliott W Bennett B3 OP Day 94 R Bell T Lightfoot

450 570 Other scores. S James B9

===== 0002601_19121207_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGLING.

WARRINGTON WORKINGMEN'S ASSOCIATION N.A. CENTRE.

Saturday last saw the end of the season, so far as marking up specimens was concerned, and on going through the list we cannot say it has been a successful year. Few anglers were out the latter part of last week, and those who ventured far away from home were disappointed with the results, with the exception of P Jolley, who again visited Llangollen, and returned with three dace that stand Ist, 2nd and 3rd, but not at bead- qnarters where they were not weighed. The weights are not to hand so we presume they were not big enough to upset the weight already recorded. We find all the specials offered for Norton length have been captured and Mr T Singleton takes the lion's share, he scores in roach, gudgeon and the monthly prizes. Our delegate will make his report on Monday evening neat and we hope he has some good news for us. We hear that the general meeting of Northern Anglers held at Preston was got through in good time and that there were some very important changes made. However, the report will be down for next week, when we shall all bear more about it.

Below will be found the prize winners of the set board and specials.

' Sr BOARD WINNERS. lbs. ozs. drms. Bream I st, J Bryers 3 4 2 Bream 2nd, J Bryers 2 14 11 Chub Ist, H Hill Chub 2nd, A Bradley 2 2 10 Trout Ist, W Henshaw Trout 2nd, J Bryers Perch Ist, J Cox Perch 2nd, J Hasletu Roach Ist, C Ashtou Roach 2nd, C Ashton Dace Ist, A Bradley 0 10 13 Dace 2nd, A Bradley 0 10 4 Gudgeon Ist, .1 Barry 0 1 15 Gudgeon 2nd, C Ashton According to the set. for trout it is the worst registered for years, although one was taken the same week end as the 80z. one and its weight turned the scales at 15oz. but was 13, t weighed at headquarters. SPECIAL PRIZE WINNERS.

lbs. on. drs. Rt ach, Norton Ist, T Singleton 0 11 11 Roach, Norton 2nd, F Trigger 0 11 0 Roach, Norton 3rd, I` Singleton 0 9 4 Gudgeon, Norton Ist, A Simcock o 1 7 Gudgeon, Norton 2nd, T Singleton 0 1 3 Gudgeon, Norton 3rd, T Singleton 0 1 1 Eel, Acton Bridge, T Crosby 0 7 7 Pike, close season, W Bailey 4 8 Flounder, close season, C Ashton 0 1 35 Roach, plate of six, F Jolley Roach, Norton, July, E Brookes Roach, Norton, August, F Trigger 0 11 0 Roach, Norton, Sept, T Singleton 0 8 NOTICE,

• Special general meeting on Monday night next at 7.45. Important business, A.S.

•

===== 0002601_19121207_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA.

A Warringtonian's Experiences.

PLAYING PITCH ON A ROAD.

Mr. H. S. Atkin, formerly of Latchford, who went to Hallett, near Adelaide, South Australia, this year, sends us the following interesting account of a cricket match in the wilds.

Being keenly interested in cricket in the Old Country and more especially in Warrington I thought it would be interesting to my many friends in War- rington and Latchford, to know something cf recent cricket here which I have seen. I don't think it is possible for English people to realise the keen interest taken in village cricket leagues here, and the following facts will be interesting to many. I was spending a few days with my brother, who is a farmer in the district and secretary of a Cricket Club, and on Saturday October 12th my brother asked me to go with him to the ground to prepare the pitch and have a practice. Judge my surprise when I found that we had to drive a distance of five miles, and greater was my surprise when we reached the place where the matches were to be played and found the pitch was to be prepared on the road and what a road it is—quarter mile in width. The position of the playing pitch was decided at one of the committee meetings and is the most central positim they could get. Most of the players travel from 4 to 6 miles. Several turned up and brought with them a plough, spade, broom, &e, We had • taken the cocoa matting, which was to be the playing pitch, and the playing tackle. You may wonder what the various, things were for. The plough was for making the boundary line, and a perfect oval shaped ridge was made. The shovels were for chopping the long grass off and making just sufficient room to put down the- matting. When all was prepared we had two hours practice, returning home at dusk. On October 19th, the first match was played between the team my brother- and his two sons are members of, Willalo (home) and Mount Bryan. I went to see the match as a spectator, but the visiting team being short of an Umpire I was asked te fill that position, which I did. The Mount Bryanites had I driven a distance of 14 miles. You may ask, why not take train. The answer is simple, the nearest station to the playing pitch is 12 miles. Willalo won the toss and decided to bat and the cricket all round was excellent. Don't forget that most, I think all, were farmers and during the morning of the match day I had seen some of them cultivating, stone picking and other jobs equally as heavy and yet these fellows bowled, batted and fielded as keenly as if they had been playing a test match. Willalo hatted splendidly. One hundred and four was scored before the first wicket fell and at 208 for 5 wickets the innings was declared. The Mount Bryanites opened their innings well, scoring nearly 40 before the first wicket fell. Then a collapse followed the whole side being out for 76. On October 26th the Willalo team had to travel a distance by road in conveyances (Buggis, Sulkies &c,) of 25 miles each way to a place called Burra, landing home at 12.30 midnight, the result being another win for the Willaloos,scoring 137 for 7 and Aberdeen, a suburb of Burra, 100 all out. Now, you may ask where do the spectators come from. You ill be susprised when I tell you that although only two small corrugated huts can be seen from the field of play quite a respectable crowd come to watch the match and shout for the favourites. During the match at Willalo I noticed amongst the spectators a slashing of whips and sticks and could tell that a snake had made its appearance, and after the match I found out that two snakes had been killed one 6 feet long and 8 or 10 inches in circumference the other being a bit smaller. This made 6 snakes I had known killed in the district. Wallalo is about 120 miles inland from Adelaide. I wonder what some of the players I know in Warrington and Latchford would think of cricket under these conditions. I have never seen men enjoy the game so much as these splendid fellows or any who played the game more fairly or more gentle- manly.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
PILLAR-BOX CAMYAIGN DEFENDED.

Speaking at Liverpool, on Wednesday evening, Mrs. Pankhunt stated that the result of recent happenings had succeeded in drawing the badger. Mr Lloyd George had offered to receive an amendment to the Manhood Suffrage Bill, but she did not think it had the remotest chance of getting through. The meeting, apart from several interruptions, was of a most orderly character.

NUTS 81 SLACK, WASHED

===== 0002601_19121207_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
NUTS, BEANS 81 PEAS,

CROMPTON & SHAWCROSS LTD., Colliery Proprietors, DALLAM LANE, WARRINGTON, All inquiries to F. W. PRAEGER, District Agent.

1026 TO 5/- THE TOTALISATOR. LUCERNE, SWITZERLAND. Has paid this out over "ADAM BEDE" WINNER OF THE

CAMBRIDGESHIRE

to Mr. A.I3RIDGEMAN,SB,IIigh St., Elighgate,London Altogether 0,052 was paid out over the CAMBRIDG ES HIRE. TERMS FREE ON APPLICATION. EXTRACTS FROM PRESS OPINIONS.

August 17th 1908," Standard "—Were it just an obscure concern it would be my duty to ignore it. August 3rd 1908, "Irish Times "—A strong syndicate. " Daily Express "—The thing will be straight. " Irish Independent "—The fairest method of speculation, a reliable institution. " Morning Advertiser "—lt haa come to stay. " Globe "—Often returns colossal odds. " Winning Post "—Established since 1908 and hag gained an enviable reputation for straigh forward deal- ing. " Licensed Victuallers' Gazette "—Subscribers are perfectly certain to get their money if they Win' " Vanity Fair "—lts business is characterised by its straightforward dealing and 'liberality. " Evening Times "—The Totalisator is as safs as a bank. “sport. ing Life "March sth 1912—The Totalisator has from time to time returned some wonderful prices in its future event pools. "John Bull " September 11th 1912—There is no wonder that the public support 03 Totalisator, it is a genuine business concern, manage by a business man, with business methods.

THE TOTALISATOR, LUCERNE, SWITZERLAND. MANA.GING DIRECTOR, H. CULLERNE BOWN•

LADLES BLANCHARD'S PILLS Are unrivalled for all Irregularities, &c, they epeedllY afford relief and never fail to alleviate all sufferirig• " BLANCHARD'S are the Best of all pills for Women,. a Sold in boxes, 1/14 by BOOTS' Branches, TAYLOR'S DE4O2 Co. Branches and all Chemists, or post free, same price " Leslie Martyn, Ltd. Chemists, M, Dalston Lane, London. Free Sample and valuable Booklet, post free, id. stamp.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. Not No P 403 Chemists. CURES price 2/9 leading' THERAPION BLOOD POISON, KIDNEY, BLADDER, URINARY DISEASES. DISCHARGES, WEAKNESS. PILES. SEND STANIP ADDRESS ENVELOPE FOR FREE BOOKLET TO DR. LE CLERG MED. CO. HAVERSTOCK RD,IIAMPSTEAD LONDON END. PARIS DEPOT: 12. RUE CASTIGLIONE. I A cures NEW YORK DEPOT: 90. BEEKMAN ST. 1 TRY NEW DRAGEE (TASTELESS) FORM OF EASY To TAKE' 'TN E, RAPION vAFSET,ANrcv.r. SEE THAT TRADE MARKED WORD • TH r.ERAPION . IS o BRIT. GOVT.STAUP AFFIXED TO ALL GENUINE PACKETS. --------

CLARKE'S 13, 41 PILLS are warranted to ore in either sex all acquired or constitutional discnarges, from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the beck. Free from Mercury. Established npwards of 40 years. In bous 4s. 6d, each, of all chemists ' Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world, or for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln and Counties Drug Co.,Linooln.--Advt.

9k and

seal

''Midlan,

p

I

V

===== 0002601_19121207_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
; ,

, , .

===== 0002601_19121207_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
POISONING THE WELLS.

THE PLEA FOR CONSCRIPTION.

GAPS IN LORD ROBERTS' POINT OF VIEW.

Writing in the "Daily News," Mr. H. W. Massingham, the noted publicist and editor of "The Nation" makes some pertinent criticisms of the dangerous drift towards conscription in this country of men like Lord Roberts. Mr. Massingham opens with a reference to the war in the Balkans, and adds: "Here, then, is no ordinary case of war. It is no conflict between two equally civilized communities, that not only do each other no wrong, but in countless ways support, com- plement and nurture each other, and in their diversity and richness of gifts give hope that Europe and the world may on some distant day grow into the perfect stature of State manhood. That is the conflict that LORD ROBER.TS'S DEVILfSH SPEECHES .invite—speeches that no country but our own would tolerate from a soldier who is practically inciting to mutiny and the dis- Integration of the forces of the Crown. I am told that Germany has its Robertses,

and that particular example of this form of public enemy, General von Bernhardi, has just written a book inspired by the same theory of English policy as Lord Roberts holds of Germany. That is perfectly true, and if the two countries could maroon these two men (and their supporting scribblers) till statesmanship had time and breath to adjust the minute differences that separate the two Empires, all would be well. OUT FOR CONSCRIPTION. But how much better is the reality than the fiction about the relationship of the two countries. A critical situation arises, and Germany and England, in spite of their special attachments, find it possible and easy to work together for peace. No interests intervene; no bad blood arises. The great military Power, the great Naval Empire, can between them assure the tranquillity of Europe. What an excellent and truthful commentary on the true " Anglo-German situation"! How completely it falsifies the malignant attribution of a diabolic destiny, urging each to the ruin of the other! But it is not enough to moralize; the Government and the country must act. Lord Roberts is out for conscription. I do not think that he dares deny this. He has rejected and will reject every scheme for strengthening the military forces of the country because he thinks it may interfere With that cherished end. That intention applies, of course, to his contemptible and unpatriotic attempt to destroy the Terri- torials—an effort which I hear is exciting the deepest indignation among the officers and men of that force. But I believe that he applies the same tactics, with the same avowed purpose, to the vague schemes of the 'Spectator." They fall just a little short of the universal forced service—with a direct view to a continental war—on which Lord Roberts is bent. Therefore they do not suit his book. TO COUNTER-WORK LORD ROBERTS. How far his last speech transgresses even the lax code of propriety that he has hitherto Observed I do not know. But any Govern- trient which wants peace is bound to repudi- ate him, and to take what measures it can to counter-work him. Let the Tory party take' Up conscription if they dare. They are on the eve of that fatal step. We need not move a hair's-breath to stop them, for it ensures them twenty more years of Opposition. But the Government and the Liberal party have Other duties and policies. They know that the preparation of a great continental army means war with Germany. They krow and have proved to the satisfaction of every man with a capacity to reason a simple case of strategy that such an army is useless for defence. They know, too, that it would cripple our finances and banish all hope• of a definite and serious rise in the standard of

our people's life. They must therefore counter- work and destroy this man's crusade for forced service. He has a loose but a plausible tongue, and he has many admirers among the half-baked and the half-taught. For that purpose they had better take the Territorial Force in hand, and give it all it wants to make it a good, serviceable, well- kept, efficient body. The country will not grudge them the money, especially when it realizes that it is spent to save it from slavery and war.

.„ • •

===== 0002601_19121207_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD HALDANE'S REPLY TO LORD ROBERTS.

Speaking at the dinner of the Eighty Club on Friday evening Lord Haldane said : " Hitless you are a strategist you cannot fashion forth plat a of organisation for the defence of the country. What I miss in the Lord Roberts of to-day is just that understanding of the point of view of the seaman and of the statesman which is absolutely vital if you are to make a proper military orguaisation. (Cheers) You can only do that if you know very clearly the purpose for which you want the military organisation.

TIIE FUNDAnENTAL PRINCIPLE OF STRATEGY is the command of the sea. Therefore the navy must come first. Next must come that oversea army for India, for Africa, and for the distant parts of the world which can only be raised on a voluntary basis. No other nation has ever succeeeded in raising such an airily on any basis. Finally, there is our organisation for home defence which, so far as it is military, need not be on the same basis of high readiness for immediate capacity to meet the enemy man for man. For that reason it seems to me treason to spend a great deal of your money or to devote your highest energies upon merely the military part of home defence. You must have something like your Territorial Force. (Cheers.) You have to deal with whatever may get through your doublo naval wall. But to put that first, or to imperil the navy for the sake of that, is to make a most profound strategical blunder. Make your Territorial Force as efficient as you can, spend what money you have .to spend upon it, but first make sure of the cammand of the sea. That is why I condemn the movement of the National Service League. First, because it doesn't mean what it says. Most soldiers hanker for compulsory service which they see at work in other countries woich have a different strategical problem from ours. What they want is not six months' trained men, but a Conti- nental army with three years' training for cavalry and artillery and two years for infantry. That will cost you two thiags—(l) your professional over-sea army, which you cannot recruit at the same rate and basis; (I) an enormous amount of money, ten or fifteen millions addition at the least to the Army Estimates. In the second place, those who want that army scout and laugh at the military programme of the National Service League. lam not now speaking of the colonels who inhabit the bow windows of the clubs and who retired in the time of Queen Victoria, but of the expert soldiers with whom I used to work. But I have

A WORSE OBJECTION to Lord Roberts's scheme than the military one. If you carried out his programme you would find inevitably that you were short of money for both the necessities of the army and navy. You cannot keep up both. I am for spending that money upon the fleet. I con- sider that any policy put forward on any basis that is uncsrtain about that is the policy not of a strategist but of an amateur. Therefore, I record my protest against the strategical principles of the National Sarvice League. What I comp!ain of in this matter of compulsory service is what I complain of in a spore of other things. The Opposition is drifting without any policy. Their newspapers and some of their leaders have drifted into compulsory service, but they have not any idea how they can make a programme or get the country to assent to it. That is also true about insurance, about education, and about much else besides. The party has been inflicted with the incurable weakness of not knowing its own mind ever since it met with a deadly accident some nine years ago. The coachman lost control of the horses, and they bolted with the coach.. The result was an accident, and the coach is still under repair. We must hope they have learned something, and surely from all these mi,fortunes they must have emerged as wiser mon. (Cheers and laughter)

===== 0002601_19121207_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSCRIPTIONISTS CONDEMNED.

General E C Bethune, Inspector-General of the Territorial Force, visited Chester on klondah and inspected the local members of the National Reserve on the Castle-square. Later he reopened the Drill Ilall in the presence of a distinguished compcny. At the outset General Bethune declared the building open formally. General Mackinnon said that the Territorial Force at the present time was going through a very difficult

'rom Reynolds' Newspaper,

moment of its career. It was not for him to talk of the criticisms that were levelled at it. It was their duty more than ever that day to do all they possibly could for the force. And more Van that, it was the duty of all of them, hether of the Regular Army or of the County Associations, or whatever they belonged to that had anything to do with the Territorial Forces, not to relax their efforts to get the force as full as they possibly could. Colonel Bromley-Davenport, D. 5.0., chairman of the Cheshire Territorial Association, in seconding, said this was the time when they required official encourage- ment—at a time which was very critical in the history and development of the Territorill Forces. Just at this juncture, when they were faced with the task of replacing those men Rho had completed their four years' service, the enemies of the force bad taken that opportunity to make an attack which WM ungenerous and unjult. (Loud applau3e).

CRITICS' DILEMMA. There were some critics—he did not include Lord Roberts— nho wanted to destroy the Territorial Forces, and they did not know what they proposed to put in their place. Ile had many friends in the National Service League, and he had often asked them to explain what they were aiming at, and he had never yet received any clear or satisfactory reply. If they wanted Con- scription on the Continental pattern, they were going to creates gigantic force, numbering with is reserves millions, at a cost which was going to be enormous, Lind when they corsidered that that cost bad to be added to tha cost of the Regular Army and the increasing cost of the Navy the cost was going ito be prohibitive. They could not nan island nation like theirs afford to be both supreme at sea and have a standing Army of such a character as Continental countries which had no seaboard. What he would like to ask his friends of the National Service League was did they intend their compulsorily enlisted men to have obligation of service abroad ? If they did, he (Colonel Davenport) rnaintainta'ned that the people of this country a ould never tolerate anything of the kind, and, in that case, it was an obligation absolutely foreign and abhorrent to their national character. (llear,hear.) If they only intended it for service in the British Isles, then he would say they were proceeding to create at an enormous cost a gigantic fighting machine, which, under no conceivable circumstances, could they have any use for. Ile believed the Territorial Force was capable of being developed into such a position, and it would be able to provide everything necessary for home defence, especially when it was supplemented by the !National Reserve, which had made wonderful progress. (Hear, hear). General Bethune' in appealing for more recruits, said he did not object to outdoor games. But, for heaven's sake, let them be men first. Ile would like to make it a law that no one be allowed to amuse himself until lie had done his duty. (Hear, hear).

===== 0002601_19121207_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
• :=_ =-71- :41111," - : - _, _ 5 =. Erld - = __ _

DWELLING IN UNITY.

POLITICAL OPPONENTS CONDUCT RELIGIOUS SERVICE. Unique Gathering.

Political partisans conducted a unique service at Knutsford on Sunday. The service bad been arranged by the Knutsford Brotherhood, and Conservative M.P. and Liberal candidate shared in conducting it. The meeting place—the local Wesleyan church—was never more crowded. Colonel Alan J Sykes, my., presided and Mr P M Oliver delivered the address. The good offices of the political agents were also utilised. Mr Grimshaw Duckworth, the Conservative ;nd Unionist agent, singing the solos, while Mr H Cliffe, the Liberal agent, read a portion of Scripture. The Chairman said he understood there were many present who in their daily lives professed various denominations of worship. There were men who, outside that service, when dealing with the politics of the day, professed widely different opinions, but they were all assembled that day because they belonged to one Brotherhood. And the Brotherhood to which they belonged was one which professed a belief in God. He was not one of those who took particular notice as to the particular form of worship a person attached himself to. The most important part was that they should worship Him with all sincerity of heart. The outward forms were not so important. Alluding to the war, Colonel Sykes said they must deplore war no matter in what form. But a war was not without its lessons, and the lesson the present war taught him was this: That they ought always to give due respect to tho opinions of their fellow-brothers They might differ, but let them differ in as agreeable. a manner as possible. Mr Oliver, who took for his address the subject of Charles Kingsley, said he supposed that everyone who was interested in social and political questions had before their eyes an ideal city. It was the Church, and the Church only, that could make men fit for an ideal state by preaching the true freedom, the true equality, and the true brotherhood.

COMMERCIAL FAILURES.—According to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the number of commercial failures published in Great Britain and Ireland during the five weeks ending Saturday, Nov. 30th, was 823. The number in the corresponding five weeks of last year was 837, showing a decrease 14, being a net decrease in 1912, of 429.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
A TAME LION.

"KING CARSON" AT WARRINGTON.

HOME RULE GENTLY HANDLED.

King Carson's visit to Warrington was shorn of much of the pomp and circumstance which attend his progresses through his own special dominions in Ulster. There was no guard of honour to give the Royal salute, no playing of the National Anthem, and no wooden cannon. Instead the leader of the Ulsterites made his appearance to the strains of" See the conquering hero comes "—following the nicely chosen musical prophecy of" Let me likes soldier fall"—and the waving of many miniature Union Jacks by the women tariff reformers who, with a patience worthy of a better cause, Lad remained on a stand at the open-air meeting, in a bitterly cold wind, with an occasional fall of snow, for upwards of two hours before Sir Edward made his appearance. The "great open air demonstration" must have been intensely disappointing to those Tories who had been taking it at the valuation suggested by the placards which announced it as the principal gathering, with the Parr Hall meet- ing—in small type—as, apparently, a kind of after- thought. As a matter of fact, the gositions were reversed. The Parr Hall was the scene of the meeting and the outdoor assembly was the overflow at which , those who had not gained admission to the hall had the felicity of enduring a succession of speeches from les er lights with a bald ten minutes' discourse from the man whom they had all come to bear. That open- air meeting was an uninspiring affair. The small open space at the rear of Patten Hall proved more than ample to accommodate the crowd and even the fact that it was Union Jack Day and that the Tories had, according to the bills so freely displayed, Wren the Sivereign under their special protection, failed to awaken more than a flicker of enthusiasm. There was obviously a difficulty in keeping the ball rolling until Sir Edward's advent and many of the audience became so weary of waiting that they disgustedly took tltir departure. It was Union Jack Day, but a stranger might have been pardoned for imagining that, by some strange con- fusion of dates, Warrington was celebrating Guy Fawkes' Day, for, before the demonstration, rockets some appropriately showering green sparks—were sent up to remind the populace of the coming of Sir Edward.

As was to be expected of a meeting representing two counties Conservative contemporary puts the number of delegates 3ad contingents from the various ConservativeWorkingmen's Associations of Lancashire and Cheshire at upwards of nine hundred—the Parr Hall was packed as ith men. To relieve the tedium of waiting, patriotic airs were sung and Walker's Brewery band—unkindly stowed away under the platform—played martial F elections. A few seconds before Sir Edward Carson stepped on to the platform they had been valiantly pouring forth " Let me like a soldier fall " ir.tended no doubt, to conjure up harrowing visions of battlefields in Ulster—but when the ex-Solicitor General was sighted they considerately heralded him with " See the conquering hero comes.' The decoration of the hall was, of course, intended to emphasise the Tory monopolisation of the Union Jack, and above the platform appeared a large device worded thus : "No Surrender! No Home Rule! God Save the King !" Sr Gilbert Greenall, Bart.—whom the Press tickets for the meeting described as "M.P."—was in the chair, and offered Sir Eclaard Carson welcome to the "grand old Tory borough of Warrington." The audience of men chuckled hugely when, by force of habit, Sir Gilbert addressed them as "ladies and gentlemen "—a litCe slip which later gave Mr Harold Smith M.P., an opportunity of declaring humble allegiance to the knight of Walton. There was a tornado of cheering when Sir Edward Carson rose to address the meeting. His strongest enemies will admit that he is a strik- ing and dominating p3rsonality—that prominent chin, so beloved of the caricaturist, plainly denotes the determination of the man and his keen eyes have a magnetism which the Ulsterite finds hard to resist. As an orator, however, he does not 'realize expectations. His style is heavy, entirely lacking in sparkle or originality—his methods are those of the bludgeon rather than of the rapier. At times, when declaiming upon the wickedness of the Government in desiring t " cast out "the Ulsterites, he appeared almost on the verge of tears—th;s type of emotionalism is a familiar feature of Sir Edward's platform style. For the most part, however, the speech failed to stir the listeners, who only waxed over-enthusiastic when, on Sir Edward demanding another appeal to the country, Mr Harold Smith sprang to his feet and led a round of cheering. Sir Edward began his speech with a reference to the second anniversary of Mr Harold Smith's return to Parliament—whereupon some benevolent soul in the gallery generously interjected "Stop and have your supper with us on Mondry night "—a truly alluring invitation. It early become evident that Sir Edward's attention had been drawn t,r Mr A. H CrosfieLl's trenchant letter in the " Examiner" and that he had come to the meeting with the determinat'on to treat it with 1 rfty disdain. "I have a great deal to deal with that is of importance" he observed " and there- fore I shall not deal with Mr Crosfield. After all, he does not matter." (A. Voice : 'Neither do you.") Later, however, Sir Edward returned to Mr Crosfield and even went to the length of challenging him on some subsidiary point of the Home Rule scheme. With delightful disingenuousnesq, Sir Edward condemned brute force, which he said had never defeated liberty in England, and never would—a sentiment quite foreign ti Sir Edward's supporters in Ulster, but one which Liberals will heartily endorse. A man at the back of the hall ventured to interrupt and was assailed with cries of "Out With the Fenian." As he refused to be quiet, he was summarily ejected by the police. A little later, another interrupter met with a similar fate —hut that was all the disturbance that was experi- enced. One of the ejections gave Sir Edward an , opening for a little joke : " Now that we have got rid ' of the leader of the temperance party, we may go on." Having mildly complained of English apathy on the Home Rule question, Sir Edward turned his attention to the "plethora of Radical rhetoric" which he had seen in that morning's papers. The only criticism which he vouchsafed of Lord Haldane's reply to Lord Roberts's alarmist speech was that

When the Lord Chancellor left the Woolsack for the purpose of Showing how wrong Lord Roberts was, it would be just as well for Lord Roberts to give up his marshal's baton, put on a wig, and sit on the Woolsack. (Laughter.) After Lord Roberts had decided a point of law they would be able to esteem how well the Lord Chan- cellor could decide a military matter. (Laughter.) Unwittingly, no doubt, Sir Edward cast a grave reflection on Tory management of our defent es in the notorious days of the Sputh Africa' ar. He remarked:

When the South African War was on he remembered that he was told to wait until our artillery got out there. But when it did get there our guns could not reach the artillery of the enemy. So it was at the present moment—all the warnings that were given set aside by those who had never been in war themselves. Coming to "the real master of the situition," Mr. John Redmond, Sir Edward did not scruple to accuse him of falsehood and hypocrisy because he professed loyalty to the Empire. His ground for doing so was that he read in the " Irish Freeman," which he described as a great Nationalist newspaper, a declara- tion that : —" Our aim is the establishment of an Irish Republic, for the E imple and sole reason that no other ending of our quarrel with England could be either adequate or final ln the English Empire we have no part, and want to have no part." Sir Edward next argued upon the well-worn lines that the ,Nationalists intend to use the Home Rule Bill simply as a lever to exact more concessions. He is quite unrepentant as to the recent disgraceful happenings in the House of Commons. As regarded anything he had done or been a party to, he said, not only was he not ashamed of it, but he was proud of it. Referring pathetically to the "gag and guillotine" prccedure of the Government, Sir Edward remarked with a great show of leeling : I find it very hard to bear it at times. So would you. Of course, Mr Crosfield could bear anything. (Laughter). Sir Edward declared that he would be a Home Ruler to-morrow if any one could -show him either of two things—that the Union had failed or that Ireland could get any advantage under Home Rule—a curious vommentary on Ireland's diteistent demand for the right of self-government for generations past. He also advanced the extraordinary claim that he pleaded for "the only democracy that exists in Ireland."

===== 0002601_19121207_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ANCIERkMULSiON

“A SURE PICK-ME-UP.”

The Rev. W. Holroyd, of 1I Windld Street, St. Helens, Writes:- Dear Sirs,—As a sure pick-me-up when run down; as a preventative against taking cold; and as a voice tonic, I have found nothing to equal Angier's Emulsion. It is so pleasant to the taste that the most fastidious need not be deterred from taking it. Its henescial effects are soon discovered by those who give it a genuine trial. Its efficacy in so many ailments makes it a household necessity. Many an illness would be avoided or shortened by its prompt use. It is a pleasure to recommend it wherever I go.

Angier's Emulsion has been prescribed by the medical profession and used in the hospitals for over twenty years, and is universally recognised as a standard approved remedy for colds and chest affections ; digestive and bowel disorders ; run down conditions ; and all wasting diseases. It is soothing and healing and also has a most invigorating tonic influence upon the general health. Of all chemists and drug stores, 1/1, 2/9 and 4/6. Free Sample Name Coupon. Address

F.M. 'telt in Coupon and send with 3d. for postage to the ANGIER CHEMICAL CO.. Ltd., 86 Clerkenwell Rood, London. 111' 11E11'

LAND REFORM.

11111111illili1111111111111111111111illill(111111U111111111111111111111111111ffillffilliffill1111111111111111iffiliffillili11111111i11111111111111111111111111111va 7C- I ' E.--_ = _ - _ - C/1. 1111111111111111111 ill I '

===== 0002601_19121207_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Address to the Junior Liberals. SOME LOCAL ILLUSTRATIONS.

The Junior Liberal Association is continuing its educational work and there was another large gathering in the association's rooms in Horsemarket street on Monday evening to hear a lecture by Mr J Bethel Jones, of Stockport, on the land question. Mr J Griffiths presided. The lecturer emphasised the enhance! value which occurred to land through the activities and:enterprise of the community. Giving an illustration, he said that some years ago the Glasgow Corporation sold certain land at. 25 8d per square yard. Such was the com- mercial progress of the city that eventually the Cor- poration had to buy back the land and the price charged was £35 per square yard. No-one would pretend to argue that the increased value had been created by the owner • it was due entirely to the citizens of Glasgow. Mr Lloyd George in his famous Budget proposed that in future the unearned increment should be taxed to the extent of 20 per cent. In order to arrive at the basis upon which tbe tax was to be levied, it was necessary to have a valuation of the land. The whole objection of the Tory party to the land clauses of the budget was really aimed at the valuation proposals, because when that valuation was completed and the people of this country realized the huge sum they had allowed to go practically untaxed, they would be ready to kick themselves for having allowed themselves to be taxed, so far as their necessities were concerned, when all the time there was that vast field ready to be tapped. At the present time we depended for our knowledge of the value of land, upon a valuation made over 200 years ago. The second tax Imposed by Mr Lloyd George was designed to meet the case of the man who tried to evade the first tax. It a man owned land which was needed by the community and did not choose to sell it, he would have to pay every year a tax of one halfpenny in the .0 on the capital value. It sounded a very small sum but it worked out to a great deal more than people imagined, because unused sites In the middle of big cities were extraordinarily valu- able. Mr Lloyd George did not introduce the taxes with the idea of getting large amounts of revenue during the first few years. They were, however, destined to provide the means of carrying out future schemes of social reform and he telseved the people would be amazed at the large sums which those com- paratively small taxes would yield. The discussion which was going on at the present time was somewhat premature because, until the valuation was completed, it was difficult to know exactly where we stood or to decide whether the single taxers or the land nation- alisers were right. He personally considered that the amount which the single taxers estimated as the annual value of the land was probably exces- sive, but thst the value which the land nationalisers placed upon it was probably under- estimated. The Commisaion which was making investi- gations would also have important pronouncements to publish. Oae thing was certain—that land reform was not going to end with the two taxes already introduced. Mr Lloyd George was careful enough to say they were only a beginning. Public opinion was not yet educated on the question as it should be. If those engaged in business aril commerce only understand the real effect of land taxation there would not be the stupid and insane opposition to it which prevailed in some lquarters. If shopkeepers realised that under the present system they were pa, ing not merely their own rates but those which ought to be paid by the big land owners in their districts, they would welcome land reform. Great efforts had been made to create distruat among the owners of small property. Any man holding property of less value than £5OO was, however, excluded from the provision, of the land taxa', because Mr Lloyd George did not want to do anything to hit the smallholder or the man in a small way who owned his house. The whole idea was to get at the big landowner, to make him split up his land and sell it, so that it could be used for the benefit of the community. The big landowners had literally starved tbo people of thiscountry for land and consequently our agriculture and other industries were hampered and many men were living 'louder conditions which were more suitable for pigs than for human beings. We frequently boasted of our freedom but we did not possess what was really most essential to us as a nation—freedom of land. It was only by keeping the Liberal party in office, pledged as it was to land reform, that they could achieve these ichals which were so dear to them. (Applause.) The CH/alias/VS? said there were cases in their own town of the inequalities and wrongs of the present system. Bridge-street had been widened at tremendous cost to the ratepayers, the Corporation having had to compensate the property owners whose premises were required—and a fine tune they called. There were at the present time three vacant plots on the right side of the street which were being held up for high prices. Two of them had, to his personal knowledge, been vacant for at least ten years. Had they been built upon, they would, he believed, have produced a rental of £l5O a year. Therefore, on tbe lowest estimate, the rate- payers bai, on assessable value alone, lost £1,500 in rates on the three plots in the past ten years. In addition, supposing the land belonged to the Corpora- tion—and he believed two a the plots did--the interest on the capital value amounted to £5O a year. Conse- quently £2,000 had been lost in rates and interest through thoLcs sites lying unused. That was equivalent to a fifth of a penny on the rates. Mr Griffiths also quoted ati ins.ance of land in Warrington which was originally let for agricultural purposes at £6O a year. Now that it was occupied by an industry, the fortunate owner was receiving no less than £B6O a year for it. The only way in which he had hitherto been taxed for that increased value was by the income tax. Ile (the speaker) did not see why the increased value to which an owner had contributed nothing but which had accrued through the activities of the workers ought not to be taxed for local purposes. There was no question that, as education advanced, the inequalities and economic wrongs which bad faced us for so many years would have to crumble. (Applause). Mr E LLOYD JONES (chairman of the association), suggested that the projected extension of land reform would tend to benefit the farmers. He believed that if they went into the question locally, they wou'd find sufficient material to convert Warrington to land reform. (Applause). The Lecturer was thanked on the proposition of Mr G TOULNIIN, seconded by Mr IV WRIGHT, both of whom expressed themselves in favour of land nationalisation on the ground of its mid effects.

Fifl""r""Al PH A I.h.lpilligtiligifit: iT"'.. 1.:-..:.ii.r.Rifur.TEIV:i!": iV, A', ....41:w.' --. ma. .. La :. LA..l!•,ii.: - :ifan• in ...ir .::i ~.ip., .O.IY ..:, ...... ,Itilif • - , __ ___,,,, i • .4. : w "*.i!iii. . ---____-:---___,. • ---'2,---. - ,-,-----41, • • 1 , , ; - \*) -ifS'ot.r, ------ . 1 . , ~,N , - 411 - -4(ew ft. , 0, /, , 11/ 11. - -----A-. ft ' '• "/ i;;;:i' ~.. 1. ' • '''''',-----,_'--t---1 \'''.........t - - IN - -------_-_-ia,_ :,=•-• bfi)C° -ll' Ili I 1 ' , •cAO4 , .4r :•'-': --&-----',-` iiiiie • . ,--- • V -••'`.2k4 •:'-'&.'••1-: . .iPuli 4 „. _ ..--,- - , - . ~ _-• ---z. .___ _ . -.- -._;:lz' are Britain s Riviera. Here iiiiit ...:i: ill : " -•. . -1'- ' ''' i'---.1 winter holidays afford, with iiiiiii: I Ho]: a minimum of cost and %hi 1 r • 0 ----;--- f lli fatigue, the maximum o . fill Warmth & Sunshine limil , IR !pill: ."-.0.-- -4.... Obtain Illustrated Handbook I gib `*.-7.--.• •---2 I •I : entitled "Holiday Haunts in the liiilr • 1111 . .e, ~ ~,,p .t' West," Post Free 2d., from Supt. glill Ili ~/ ' 4 of the line, G.W.R., Paddington gipli Station, London, W., or at G.W.R. Pik tli4 41' ill , - -- , .'---- \ . Offices and Stations. Lccal Agency : 42, Sankey St., Iti!i11iii!III 1.. li. .0 Warrington. % TN. b '6 ~, 0 .111111. _ , i k‘ G.W.R.--The Holiday Line ...i., II ' , FRANK POTTER, General Manager. . ti ..... tri:2 ,

===== 0002601_19121207_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Run

Turning to the finances of the Home Rule Bill, Sir Edward said: Let me make a CHALLENGE TO MR, CROSFIELD

to contradict this if he dare. Under the new Home Bill, so framed is it that if you are to take a halfpenny or a penny off tea or any of the other customable commodities with a view to that goal of Liberal statesmanship called 'the free breakfast table you cannot take it off for England and Scotland without taking it off,at your own expense, for Ireland. You are going to pay old age pensions for Ireland. I am very glad you are. (Laughter.) There are plenty of them over there—some of them are manufactured and some are real. But you are giving something like £2,000,000 a year, or more, for the purpose of paying Old Age Pensions. What is the provision of the Bill? "Prue it is that we are giving you £2,000,000 a year for the payment of Old Age Pensions, but when y‘iur Parlament is set up you can abolish or put an end ti the pensions, if you like. But we will go on and give you £2,000,000 a year to spend if you like.' I wish Mr Ure would put that into his pipe." Sir Edward threw an interesting side-light on the recent hooliganism in the House of Commons by , telling the audience of one of his supporters in Ulster who said to him " I should like to tell you what you should do when you go back to the House of Commons." " What's that?" queried Sir Edward. " Make a hell of the place " was his answer. Evidently Cit. Edward and his colleagues are endeavour- ing to put that advice into practice. Sir Edward assured the audience that he hated , bigotry and that he and his followers did not wish to be top dog. He wound up his speech with the assurance that they were not going to have any more demonstrations. The time for demonstrations is over. We are going to take care of ourselves—(cheers)—and you are going to help us. (Cheers.) We have made up our minds, and when Ulster men have made up their minds do you think they are going to back out of them? If you don't believe us we cannot help you. We have done our best. You may believe us or you may not. My duty at all events is to make friends for these men. That is why I am here." THE MEMBER'S MANNERS.

Mr. Harold Smith, M.P., emulated the Chairman by beginning his speech "Ladies and gentlemen." Then he added the very truthful explanation " When in Warrington I always follow Sir Gilbert Greenall." In his owa inimitably elegant way, Mr. Smith referred to Mr. Crosfield :

" Two years ago I was elected as Member for this borough. I fought and beat one of the few indiscreet members of the Radical party who, with more curage than discretion, placed Home Rule on his election address. We fought him as much on Home Rule as on any other question. We beat him and we will beat him again. I notice to-day that there are psters round your town : ' Crosfield on Carson '—a fiy on a barrack ! (Laughter.) You don't even bother to take your handkerchief out of your pocket and whisk it off the wall. You just let it stay there, because it is doing nobody any harm, if it is doing nobody any goad. S t I don't think you and I may discuss the effusion of the late member for Warrington who, writing from a certain hotel as near as he could get to the railway train that had come to take him away from your b trough, has given you his views on the great sacrifices which Sir Edward Carson has made. We leave him to bask in the sunny South of Europe— (laughter)—an occupation for which be is eminently more fitted than for the work of the political arena, at which he tried his hand and at which he hopelessly failed in his own Dative town."

Mr Smith's instinct for the theatrical here asserted itself and, at his request, the audience stood and repeated the words " We will not have Home Rule." Sir Edward Carson, in replying to a vote of thanks. mentioned the famous " halfpenny per signature" telegram which he a*ured the meeting gave the Ulsterites great encouragement. At the open-air meeting Sir Edward could not for- bear another dig at Mr Crosfield on the ground of his staunch adherence to the Horne Rule c iuse

The meeting over,there was a procession, consisting largely of the starved Women Tariff Reformers (whose circulation at least, benefited) "Lady Greenall's bugle band," and its juvenile followers.As Sir Edward Carson and Mr. Harold Smith were taking their places in the waggonette which served as their triumphal chariot, a young man of considerable lung power greeted them with cries of "Trade Union Wreckers ! " At intervals in the procession were carried boards bear- ing the "No Surrender" war cry, and the women, of course, displayed their Union Jacks. After the march through the main streets, there was more speech making from the balcony of the Conservative Club, and thus ended Union Jack Day.

BOOTS' DIARIES, 1913. We would call the attention of our readers to those wonderfully cheap and useful Diaries published by Boots Cash Chemists, and obtainable at each of their establishments. For those who do much writing the " Scribbling Diary "is worth its price for the blotting paper alone. The" Home Diary " is indispensible to housekeepers who are wise enough to keep accounts ; whilst its information, legal and otherwise, in relation to domestic affairs renders it a most valuable companion. The many thousands who have used the little" Pocket Diary" for engagements, &0., for years, can speak from experience of its value. In addition to all this, to each of these Diaries is attached an Insurance Coupon, by which, for a modest registration fee to the Ocean Accident and Guarantee Corporation, you are insured for £l,OOO.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Down

===== 0002601_19121207_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
made with SYNIINGTON'S Coffee Essence is welcome on every table. 33y adding boiling water to Symington's you can make the test cup of coffee in less than 30 seconds. As economical as it is expeditious. Insist on Symington's. Thos. _Symington Co.,

Elinb7h and London. SYMINGTON'S ift,JCOFFEE ESSENCE

For Cakes, Pastry, Puddings & Piei Boßwicks

BAKING POWDER.

r\ ....„ I , I i ' Delicious, stimulating coffee

===== 0002601_19121207_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
i.

EVERY SPOKE FITS IN THE HUB.

For free maps, pamphlets and further particulars, apply to Mr. J. OBED SMITH, Assistant Superin- tendent of Canadian EinigratiC., 11 it 12, Charing Cross, London, S.W.; Canadian Government Emigra- tion Agent, 48, Lord Street, Liverpool, or any licensed booking agent.

- , , ,w,?,,-- ~------------, ~, 1 ',l 1 j IffeHlMCMADk,MEßillitli! A 0° A ciK \ \ %,..--- - - ---,-_--:,_- ----:1-:,-:"_- ---•,....,-..-t-_________-_.----- - -

The Government of Canada guarantees Work on the Land at good Wages. Domestic Servants guaranteed good Wages in good homes.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
HAIR DESTROYER

James' Depilatory Instantlyremores Superfluous Hairs from the I ace, Neck, or Arms, without injury to the skin. Of most chemists; or, free from observation, post free on receip of Postal Order for Is. 3d., 2s. 9d. or 51.—Mrs. N. JAMES, 268, Caledonian Road, London, N.

13 s -- --O wN 9 4,, , a . _ , couQiis sc c RO CHI TROCHES HoARseNEs S. -here, sold everYw

foR

pT ,sHm4 ----' INFLuErlyik.

B(C*

ii per bac

Pow espansing the blood ef all Impuri- ties from whatever cause arhing. there le no ether medicine just as good as CLariza's Dux's Minims—that's why In so many cues of Bcserna. Bad Legs. Abscesses, Boils, Sores of all kinds, Piles, Glandular Swellings, Blood Poison, Rheumatism. Gout, to.. it has effected truly remarkable cures where all other treat- ments Save failed. It will, ds the same fog 700. CURES ALL

oL-Ps'

Glarkels Blood Mixture

===== 0002601_19121207_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
SKIN 8( BLOOD DISEASES

Of all Ohamhas and Storm 21 per teem

EVERY WOMAN Should send two stamps for our 32 page Illustrated Book, containing Valuable Information how all Irregularities and duppressions may be entirely avoided or removed by simple means. Recommended by eminent Physicians, as the only safe, Sure and Genuine Remedy. Never fails. Thomands of Testimonials. Estab. 1862. MR. PAUL BLANCHARD, Claremont House Dalston Lane, London.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

'1

===== 0002601_19121207_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
L

The Examiner, Saturday, December 7, 1912.

the other townships. Thelwall was a purely agricul- tural parish and the population was only 24 to the acre. The place had been practically stagnant, both with regard to the number of houses and the population, for many years. The expense of the scheme to Thelwall would be £2,668, apart from the cost of maintenance of which no indication had been given. He could say with abaolute truth that no-one in Thelwall approved of the scheme or believed that a project of such magnitude was necessary or, as far as one could look into the future, likely to be necessary. He suggested that the scheme had been propounded entirely for the purpose of dealing with the great increase which had taken place in the number of houses and the population in Latchford and Grappenhall. The building operations were heaviest near the terminus ef the Warrington Corporation tram- way, and it was extremely unlikely that any speculative builder would look at Thal wall, which was two miles from the tram terminus. It stood in an altogether different class from the other townships which were being rapidly built over. Tbelwall bad been selected as the site of the sewage disposal works for no other than geographical reasons, and thnse whom be repre- sented believei that bad it not been for its convenient situation it would never have been dragged into that wild-cat and extravagant scheme which vvouli involve

A CRUSHING BURDEN on the township. He was instructed that it might entail a 2s rate on Thelwall and would undoubtedly mean als 6d rate. The people of TbelwAll believed an adequate sit° for the works could be found elsewhere and they further submitted that if the promoters were not satisfied with other sites in Grappenhall ani wanted a more expensive one, it was most unjust to call upon TheNall to pay for it. It seemed probable that if the work was proceeded with, Thelwall would rapidly secure a reputation for sewerage farms instead of for residential amenities. The scheme p ovided for the growth of Thelwall to a population of 1,250 with 250 houses. Such a proportionate increase might take place within the near future at Latchford and Grappenhall, but there was no prospect whatever of Thelwall parti- cipating in it. '1 he coastruction of the Manchester &rip Canal had tended to make a scheme more necessary but he sir )ngly objected to the Canal Company being relieved of their burdens. If in ten years the growth of Tbel wall did necessitate a schema, they could have a sepa-ate ore at a a nailer cost than was now o antam- plate]. He asl.el the Inspector to say that the scheme was ill-aonsith red in many details, much too expe also and far in a lvance of the future requirements of

M. lie;bert Milt:l4 chair nan of the Tnelwall Parish Council, raid there was no likelihood or probability of any buildings being erected in the township within a

===== 0002601_19121207_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
BIG SEWERAGE SCHEME.

STRONG OPPOSITION AT GRAPPENHALL INQUIRY.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
"WILD CAT AND EXTRAVAGANT PROPOSAV

• An unusual degree of public interest centred in an inquiry conducted in the Large Room, Grappenhall, on Wednesday by Mr F 0 Stanford, A.M. Inst., CE, an inspector of the Local Government Board, into the extensive sewerage scheme, approved by the Runcorn Rural District Council, for the townships of Grappen- hall, Latchford Without and Thelwall. The cost of the undertaking is estimated at £18,500 which will of course mean a very appreciable increase in the rates of the three districts concerned. Consequently very strong opposition has been aroused. The inhabitants of Grappenhall contend that a more modified scheme would meet the necessities of the case—in fact they have submitted alternative proposals for treating the sewerage of that township independently—while Thelma!! pleads that, as far as its present or futura requirements are concerned, a scheme is quite uncalled for. After proceedings lasting over four hours, the Inspector adjourned the inquiry until Tuesday next. Mr G F Ashton (clerk) appeared for the Runcorn Rural District Council. Amongst other representa- tives present were : Dr Young (county medical officer of health); Mr Harold Smith, MY. (instructed by Mr Herbeit Hatton, of Messrs Robert Davies and Ca) for the overseers and ratepayers of Thelvvall ; Mr Henry Greenall,for the Richmond Gas Stove and Meter Co. Ltd., and the Wairington Tube Co. Ltd.; Mr Hatt-Cook for the Parish Council of Grappenhall,Lord Barrymore and Mr J Charlton ramthe principal land- owners in that township; Mr Kershaw for the Manchester Ship Canal Co; Mr Joseph Twiss, for the Warrington Estates Co; Mr W Roberts and Mr It T Fairclough for the Parish Council of Latchford With- out; Alderman Bennett, for the Warrington Garden Suburbs Ltd ; Mr F W Wright for several ratepayers of Latchford Without. The members of the Runcorn Rural District Council in attendance were Messrs G Pilling, Burrows and Hewitt. There was a large gathering of the public. THE SCHEME EXPLAINED. Mr Ashton, in an explanatory statement, pointed out that the necessity for a sewerage scheme for the parishes of Grappenhall, Latchford Without and The!- wall was first officially considered by the Council in the year 1908, and in that year Mr James Diggle, C.E., the Council's engineer for the present scheme, was instructed to advise the Council. According to the census of 1901 which was the last taken prior to a scheme of sewerage being considered, the population and number of houses in each of the psrishes wits as follows :—Grappenhall, population 987, houses 202 ; Latchford Without, population 295, houses 67 ; Thel- wall, population 481, houses 95. At the census of 1911 the population and number of houses was returned as follows :—Grappenhall, populatiem 1803, houses 436 ; Latchford Without, population 755, houses 202 ; Thelwall, population 517, houses 117. The Council's attention was first called to the necessity for a scheme of sewerage through the large amount of building operations in the parishes of Urappeobell and Latch- ford Without and the

NUMEROUS COMPLAINTS received of the pollution of streams in those parishes. The sewage from the three parishes at the present time had outfalls without treat mint into the Bridgewater Canal, the Manchester Ship Canal and the non-tidal portion of the River Mersey, and the Council were of opinion that such sewage should he prevented from entering those waters until it had been thoroughly purified. The great amount of building which had taken place in the parishes of Grappenhall and Latchford Without during the past ten years and which still continued, made this absolutely necessary for those parishes, and in a lesser degree it was con- sidered also necessary for the parish of Thelwall Following the instructions given him in 1908, the engineer submittei a scheme in 1909 for sewering the three parishes, with sewage outfall works adjoining the syphon under the Manchester Ship Canal in the parish of Thelwall. This scheme sass carefully considered by the Council and negotiations were opened with the Manchester Ship Canal Co., but the scheme was finally abandoned, in so far as the outfall works were con- cerned, on account of their close proximity to house property. The engineer was then instructed to prepar - a scheme with its outfall in snch a situation as would remove all reasonable ground of complaint. The present scheme, which had i s outfall on the estreme eastern boundary of the Council's area, was the outcome of those instructions. The Manchester Ship Canal cut off the natural outfall of the parishes to the River Mersey and in consequence thereof it was impossible to obtain access to the tidal portion of the river an i so deal with the sevrge of the parishes without treatment or purification. The Canal also passed through the parishes of Grappenhall and Thelwall and it was impossible to deal with the drainage of the areas on each side of the canal in the same scheme, The present scheme was therefore confined to those portions of the parishes which lay to the south of the canal. A pro- visional agreement had been entered into for the purchase of the site proposed for outfall works and a further agreement had teen entered into with the Manchester Ship Canal Company for the protection of their property in respect of storm overflaws and other works. Notices had been served upon each of the parish councils concerned of the Council's intention to construct works of sewerage and sewage disposal and, by instructien of the District Council, he attended with the engineer at a joint meeting of the Par!sh Councils in February last, when the engineer fully explained his scheme. Notices of apportionment of the cost of construction and after—maintenance of those portions of the works which were common to more than one parish were also sarved upon the overseers on the 18th July last, based upon the number of houses which it was expected would be connected wi h the scheme and subject to revision, based upon the actual connections for the time being, at the expiration of every quinquennial period. No objections bad been received by the District Council from the Overseers of Grappenhall and Latchford Without to those apportionments, but the Council were informed that objections to the scheme would he raised by each of the Parish Councils upon other grounds and the Council had also received intimations that it was the intention of certain land- owners to object. MEMORIALS AGAINST THE SCHEME bad been presented to the Local Government Board by the overseers and certain ratepayers of the parish of Thalwall and by His Manchester Ship Canal Co. The District Colima had already submitted their observa- tions in writing on the memorial of the overseers and ratepayers of Thelwall, but they had not had an oppor- tunity of replying to the memorial of the Manchester Ship Canal Co. who asked "that a separate area be constituted for the district ta be nerved by the scheme to the exclusion of such portions of the parishes as lie to the North side of an Imaginary line drawn along the centre of their Canal." It was submitted in reply to this Memorial :—(1) That the detached 'areas of Grappenhall and Thelwall on the North side of the Ship Canal were much too small to be constituted separate parishes; (2) It was possible that these areas might be developed, and especially the Grappenhall area, at an early date; (3) All expenses for sewering, dust semovals and other s tnitary works, incurred in respect of the said areas, would have to be charged as special expenses against the parishes to which they respectively belonged: (3) There were frequently certain areas of parishes which could never benefit directly by a particular scheme of sewerage, but that was not cot sidered a sufficient reason for eaclud- lug such areas from a contribution towards the cost of the scheme; (5) The construction of the Manchester Ship Canal had cut off the natural outfall of the parishes to the tidal portion of the River Mersey and had thereby necessitated the construction and after-maintenance of extensive outfall works and to now relieve the properties of that Company from a contribution towards the cost of the works would be unreasonable and unfair to the remainder of the ratepayers in the said parishes ; (0) In view of the fact that special expenses incurred in respect of any portion of a parish must always be charged against the whole area of that parish, it was inequitable to exclude certain areas from a contribution towards the repayment of a particular loan, as it was not known when similar expenditure might have to be incurred on behalf of such excluded area and charged against the whole of the parish in which it was situated. The estimated cost of the whole acheme was £18,500, and the assessable value, apportionment of cost and estimated rate in the £ which would be required in each year for repayment of principal and interest, but exclu- sive of maintenance expenses, were as follows : Assessable Ap'tionm't Rate in £ Value. of Cost. p'r annum s. d. Grappenhall 10,900 ... 11,761 ... 1 3 Latchford Without 5,450 ... 4,068 ... 10 Thelwall MEDICAL OFFICER'S EVIDENCE. Dr Adams (medical officer of health to the Rural District Council) said there was no proper system of drainage in any shape or form. There was no out-fall and no, means of obtaining one without a sewerage scheme, except by polluting streams. Going tack to what was known in local history as the " Thelwall nuisance" he said the investigations necessitated by that matter led to them being compelled to examine the sewerage arrangements for that portion of Thelwall which was invaded by diphtheria. There were some EXTRAORDINARY REVELATIONS of a most remarkable system of sewerage. There were sewers made of slabs of stone with an occasional bit of piping which was often broken. He could not say that there had been any excessive rate of zymotic disease in any of the parishes concerned. ENGINEER EXPLAINS VIE SCHEME. Mr James Diggle, the engineer, then described the new scheme in detail. He said the population of the district was scattered over a large area and that necessitated a very great length of sewers—in fact the

1•1110

_

-

estimate allowed to: about 8} miles. They had to lay down a system which would meet the future requirements of the district, with regard to capacity as well as length. Between the years 1901-11 the population of Grappenhall had increased 90 per cent ; that of Latchford Without 160 per cent. ; and that of Thelwall 8 per cent. There was no reason why they should not anticipate at least the same rate of increase in the future. It was not pro- posed to incorporate tho existing drains in the new scheme, except for purposes of surface water, as they would be put to the constant expenditure of pumping ff the water. A gener tl pumping scheme was indis- pensable. The disposal works would be situated at the extreme rnd of the district, and the methods to be adopted were such that there would be no cacao for complaint with respect to smells or otherwise. Fourtern acres of land had been purchased fur £1,050— very satisfactory terms. The works were estimated to provide for a population of 5,000, which would soon be reached at the rate of increase which had been going on. A separate sewage disposal works for each parish would be most objectiorable and most costly. While paper schemes were often brought forth to show that there would be a saving by separate treatment, experi- ence always showed that such schemes were a loss. The initial cost was invariably greater and the expense of management was i ala-iably greater still, as com- pared with a combined scheme. The erection of sewage disposal worts in any other place than that selected would have been not merely an act of spoliation to that pretty dict but an ACT OF VANDALISM Referring to the effluent from tanneries, Mr Diggle said the Council did not want to take trade waste without any treatment and throw the cost upon the district, but if the owners were prepared to put down efficient works the Council would treat them fairly. Mr Harold Smith, M.P., intimated that his objection was not confined to the apportionment. He was opposed to Thelwall being brought into the scheme at all. (To Mr Ashton) : Can you tell me of any person in Thelwall who approves of this scheme? Mr Ashton : 1 have not really consulted them to see whether they approved of it.

Mr Smith further contended th it the number of houses in Thelwall had increased by only ten in twenty years. In answer to Mr Smith, Mr Ashton agreed that in one sense Thelwall would benefit less by the scheme than the other townships, because it wouli have: fewer houses to be accommodated by the scheme, lie also admitted that the other parishes were growing more rapidly than Thelwall at the present time. At Grap penhall, however, building was now getting to the boundary and one would naturally suppose that in a short time it would be extended into Thelwall Thelwall had railway facilities which Grappenhall did not possess and which must assist in the development of the district. Mr Smith : It has not assisted in the last 100 years. Mr Ashton : I appreciate that point. You might have said the same about Grappenball ten or twelve years ego. Mr Smith : Is not Grappenhan situated within easy access of the tram terminus at Latchford ? _

----- Mr Ashton : Nearer than Thelwall, certainly. Further questioned, Mr Ashton said the Council admitted that owners of property on the north side of the canal would not benefit from the scheme, but if they were excluded the expense on the remainder of the parish would he so much greater. Mr Smith : has any influence been officially brought to bear with the idea of seriously considering a less ambitious and less expenbive scheme? Mr Ashton : The Council could not see, from their examination of the district, that they could get out, any scheme that would embrace these three parishes on a less costly principle. Have the Council, by means of an engineer, acquired information as to the advisability of any other scheme? —Except through our own engineer, we have not. We have every confidence in our engineer that he will lay before us the scheme he considers best. for the district.

The Inspector : You have not had any other schemes before you ? Mr Ashton: No.

Questioned by Mr Smith as to the right of way to the sewage dispossl works' Mr Ashton replied : That ni is only rsiag diffioulties to make the scheme more expensive to the Council. It will be so much worse for the district if any additional expense is placed on the s. heme.

Mr Henry Greenall Would Meesm Richmond and the Warrington Tube Comp9.ny derive any benefit from the scheme?

Mr Ashton: No. I have admitted that we cannot deal with the north side of the canal in the same scheme as the other side.

Mr Hatt-Cook: Has not a form3l request been made to the Rural District Council to allow a more modified scheme to be considered in the interests of Grappenhall? Mr Ashtcn : I quite agree that the Parish Council of Grappenhall asked the District Council to throw up the existing scheme and start efrath to see whether they could not get a more modified scheme. The District Council could not see their way to do that, as they were quite satisfied with the scheme of their own engineer. They did not wish to waste the ratepayers' mocey OD something they thought would not be carried out when it was submitted.

Mr W Roberts: Does not the same view obtain in each of the perishes T—tbat they have asked the Rural District Council if they could not modify their scheme?

- Mr Ashton : I think they have generally asked for a modified scheme, but it has not been shown to the District Council by what means it could be modified. Mr Ifatt-Cook : Because you stopped us from getting out.a modified_ scheme.

Mr Arthur Browne, as an owner and resident, elicited from Mr Ashton the fact that the District Council had not overlooked the provisions of the Ship Canal Act allowing sewers to discharge into the canal, but they viewed the question from a sanitary point of view. Mr Browne : As regards Latchford Without, do you know there are three sewers which take the whole of the sewage ? Mr Ashton : Into the Ship Canal. Dr Adams was asked by Mr Smith whether he knew that the District Conn;it had already dealt with the drainage problem in Thelwall and put it right at the expense of the ratepayers since the " remarkable revelations " to which he had called attention ?

Dr Adams : The defects which werra—riiScovered then were modified as far as possible. Further questioned Dr Adams said he considered it advisable that the tanneries should be connected with the scheme or, at least that, purification of their eflluants should be accomplished. In answer to Mr Greenall, Mr Diggle said he did not approve of turning effluent into the Snip Canal as long as there was a natural stream close by. They did not want to go further afield and spend more money. " A WILD-CAT AND EXTRAVAGANT SollEmwr 1 Mr Harold Smith, in stating the objection on behalf of Thelviall, said he appeared for every ratepaser in t'-at parish, with the exception of the canal and railway companies. There would not be such widespread 'strenuous aud bitter objection to the scheme without some real and adequate reason. Tho representative of the parish on the astrict Council was Admiral Jones- Parry who had always objected to the scheme and did so to-day. A penny rate in Thelwall would produce £l5 and be submitted that the burden upon the rata- payers of Thel wall, for a scheme which was purely for the benefit of Latchford and Grappenhall, would be three times as heavy as in the case of the inhabitants of

measurable period. The attempt to develop a garden suburb at Morris Brook bad absolutely failed. True a few buildings h9d recently been erected there, but it had required considerable management, the formation of a limited company and other scheming to bring the work to that stage. MANUFACTURERS' OBJECTIONS.

Mr Henry Greenall said there was no possibility that his clients could make any use of the scheme and it would therefore be most unfair to impose any Fitt of the ere, upon them. They had already spent large sums in carrying out the sewerage of their own property. Mr 3 W Slack, secretary of the Richmond Gas Stove and Meter Co., Ltd., said his company had spent £266 on sewage disposal. It was obvious that if they were saddled with the additional cost of the new scheme, from which they would derive no benefit, it would seriously handicap them in the profitable carrying on of their business.

Mr T Leslie, on behalf of the Warrington Tube Works, and Mr Joseph Twiss, for the Warrington Estates Company, advanced similar arguments.

GRAPPENHALL'S ALTERNATIVE SCHEME.

Mr llatt-Coolr, in stating the case for Grappenhall' said that although they appeired as strong objectors, they were not doing so for objection's sake. The scheme might be an excellent one, provided that money was no object, but in this case the money question was a very serious one indeed. They agreed that a good and efficient scheme was rNuired, and his ins%ructions were to do all in his power to support that but to press the question of economy. The present scheme only dealt with a quarter of the 1,600 acres of which the to ran- ship consisted and, in view of the rapid rise in rotes and taxes, a much less expensive but more efficient scheme should be formulated. As the apportionment at present stood, agricultural land would be saddled with 40 in the £ for thirty years and the land actually built upon with Is 4d in the £ for the same period. No lets than £11,764 of the cost was to be borne by Grappenhall which meant that £643 per annum must be raised by the towbship for the next thirty years—a permanent rate of Is. 4d. on the top of the present local rate of 4s. in the £. An alternative scheme was tubmitted in the interests ofthe inhabitants of Grappenhall and not in any way as a criticism of 'Mr Diggle's scheme. Their hope was that it would be referred to the Rural District Council, a conference with the Grappenhall Council arranged, and the scheme considered on its merits as an attempt on the part of the people of Grappenhall to deal with their own sewage, to pay their own debts and to do so in a way which would commend itself to the District Council. If the present scheme were carried out the

DEVELOPMENT OF GRAPPENITALI. WOULD BE STOPPED, as the rents would have to be raised to a prohibitive extent. If the alternative scheme were accepted, Lord Barrymore was prepared to give the necessary :and to build the outfall works, because he felt most thoroughly that the present scheme was absolutely unfair to Grappenhall. The Parish Council was unanimous on the question and would undertake to carry out the scheme efficiently without delay. If two sewers which originally served Grappenhall had not been cut across by the Ship Canal, the question of sewage disposal would never have arisen. Mr Richmond, agent to Lord Barrymoremorroborated Mr Hatt Cook's statement as to his lordship's willing- ness to co-operate in the alternative scheme. Mr A H Mountain, engineer, Manchester, who has prepared the alternative scheme for Grappenhall, explained his proposals and said the cost would be about £B,OOO. Alderman Bennett asked whether the alternative scheme would be adequate to meet the future require- ments of the garden suburb? Although the progress of that movement had been somewhat slow, there were prospects of extensive developments in the early future They must, therefore, look ahead and, although he was most anxious that the cost of the scheme should be reduced to the lowest possible limit, he was equally anxious that the estate of the company should be adequately provided for. Mr Mountain said his scheme would provide for that portion of the estate which was within Grappenhall. Mr Diggle pointed out that plans had been appnved by the District Council for streets to be constructed on the site of the suggested outlet' works at Grappenhall. More3ver, the site was quite close to residential pro- perty of a high class. Out of the 100 sewerage schemes

===== 0002601_19121207_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE COMING INTERNATIONAL EKHIBITION AT MlEN'''.

The next great international exhibition is to be held at Ghent from April to November, next year. Already the chief buildings are practically finished, and the whole work is well advanced The British section is a fine one, and with the exception of the French, lie largest, having an area of 161,000 square

feet. Almost half of this is to be filled with a display of textile machinery and machine tools. The area of the whole exhibition is roughly 250 acres. Our picture shows a general view of the Court of Honour, looking towards the entrance. The British section is on the right.

.. .::::..,::::;::,;,,,;.ii:::44:d.","*..iiie!''''i''''•' 4iF.4j:,:''',•-i: LO•ftt•::•:- .:I•i,:•,x,irowx.'i: .-4i-i•.; 0,:,',,,,e1;5p.v.ii.:A., 141:iiintt.itev0.,„451.17w....,:;....., ~..: ... • , • :..2....rt..,.::::::6:ne.e.atk:-!.:g.*.:*A4gai.*: .04 .' ...;•':;;R4#:150610...,:t4ier. ~ ? • •:.Y.f.agerniligitlAii;XAWA,,,:ll:4k.VE7g::' ..•'..HI:IO44,4V4StAta: . ..„. .. ~.,. :::;1100;4410:k:::;OW:inf'?4.gX0e4sit;. 1 •:•:::ti'Ax.,_..;N,,o";;44awitp#,l4*.#4.lle: AVIIK:4,WRAOW/C4*.•::::::h.::..;.•40;,:•.& 1 ; .if•b;,,.....-*;I-Wet..*:i:....: •., .......:•••;:,...,•• . .;.: ...:. ••;;..*:g ::.. ; ..;;;;11.$0::;;:0•;.iii::iiw,:••.. •;: ..:: .4:::r. •*•:::',..; ,i;Ont.. .: ''W• AV4ilgii:*****4•UST4o .• ....;•.•i:,,,rake,goq.iiiAtOW:4.:*: ••.•:.: '.>;MeNv•;: :::,c,,,,, -i•;:, •• -•-•••••••• ••••4'••••4,•;v.••44.FVeigttp, •••40.0*0:m4w.0.i.::..:ft••.. ;x •••...t.,mi•••*;:s••;;.-. -.e,.„,:,::. t ,„..,,.....:.,,. a,i,i,:.::::::„tg...,.....:t.,6,,:....,„:„...,.„,:„....0, m„:::,;,m,::.....:..:::.:..,...,.1,0,04.,::.,.,.:„:.,;:...,,„ L4.,..,7...,...:.::.:,„1„,x..:.4,:....::,1„:,;..,.,:..,„:,„.„.:,1,.,,„:;;:,:,.:.,:::::..:.:.:.:.::,:::..f,,;0,4„4,,..tv,„.....,:,::..::.......4,64.4,..00;ittm; lovietiliklitii tit,.:4.iitp.***,#,u44:!„,l:::. :.',:t.:.,-•,i4:•‘.Ei..;:..,g-!v*.a..q.:14.;.:„..4,4:-,-40 . r :::40514,t :i:414,.. ••;•,..k....,A;e:1V:.!•;4:;004.4%."'.10.:•,••..••'•':#440.•ght10At••;f4134:C*.C': P;.•.:ttga::;..t..g3giig,7o;r'-'• ~;•44.!;!!;i6n g 'E•-•':.:::!.ePi5tei1.4,.:4:i:X.i'1,V,.4.4 !At gikar*t 7 I I,:i:::B:•L:'•o!!riiiitill!..D;,...::iks:l.•:ioA,,,,,:.:- '''',,,,,::'....;-•7.."t'..nieihliei-gez'A,'' iliP.:!:::::-„,nkaulitniginlifigigtitN3:!,..*4:,,k),,,4*.Plt of'-:,)io<:..ooo::.::jlcoowMopejNZaift.',NiCk,.,,;:',4;iii;i.t.,i"::i'rs,:q:,'.i ,0:::.,,Int,,,0!;:e.:: :‘...:Tmogg...w,:i:, 0,::,,*:ci:::::,wr,:::,..:.z05.katti0i,:;:,..::-::., '1t.a'Ji:c.::•..7%,,,,.?,,.. ::,..,.„, .. %!,,:f:;••a.,, ;:vlii,io4o,,:::i :::w4..A.,•5?:,E;•:;;;::::::::•;::::*:...m.*• ",....s.4:*iiPe:i%....iMs': """''. - ...4. .- ..'''..4,,,,K ' 1,4*::-....V4v, ,4,0*-.§..4*,3!"?'('-'-' • . blpr3.4o:iNfii*?'%.:s,A::•.:&•Mx,44:•*ia4,4*.:.t. • ~p,••,••ft4•.,,,,,,,,-.?;,..y:A. i11.k.,,,N,,;• ..0.1:-•:: *'',:?'!!e•l44..kfol.:,:,:t44.os,teitg:::NNoiStai:g.;:;..7.,,va:::,:,i:::•:::.••• ';',%*.tF•?-:.--'zi,:',..10,t-:..4:4i mie,.i'.. ::.i.,10;•p4.1:,,,mv.,i ,•,;!.?.meilimm,R;;-ig;wzink:4,4?:.:,•,,,,,:-..,,,,,:.::,....,,,,,.:::::-.,...-,: ,;.:..• • -

===== 0002601_19121207_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCIL SCENE.

MEMBERS CHARGE EACH OTHER WITH FALSEHOOD.

THE ARCHITECTS FOR COUNCIL SCHOOLS.

A heated scene in which two members of the Council charged each other nith falsehood and were requested by the Mayor to withdraw their remarks, o icurred at the monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Council on Tuesday evening. The cause of the debate was a decision of the Education Committee that the aichitects for the Oakwoo I-avenue Council Schools should absn be appointed to prepare the plans, etc.,for the Bch iols to le erected in Over-street and Parr- street, noon terms s't forth in the architects' letter.

Councillor Dr MoKrx obj,cted to the recommenda- tion b cause the Director of Education was instructed to approa3ll the architects for the Oakwood-avenu S;hoo!s to carry out the work iu connection with the Parr-street and Oliver-street Schools without that work being publicly advertised. Such a method of dealing uith business,he contended, did not encourage compaiticn amongst local architects. It was not fair to the pr fe-simi in the town and he questioned whether it was not contrary t standing orders. Ile moved that the minute be referred back Councillor !MITER seconded the amendment.

Councillor liitNitiALL explained that only one local firm competed for th 3 (Mao id-avenue Schools, and so, obviously, there was not a very keen desire on the part of local architects to compete. The plans accepted were satisfactory in every way. If the Council would view the question in the light of erecting three factories instead of three schools, it would greatly simplify the discussion. The Sites and Buildings Gun- mittee of the Education Committee adopted the coune it did with the laudable desire, if possible, of saving a few hundred pounds, and to gain ec moray if they could have it with efficiency. It meant a savin; of between MO and J. 500. The fact that there was no local com- petition seemed to be an adequate answer to the objec- tions of the mover of the amendment. Plans for elementary schools were now practically stereotyped and the area in which the architect could exercise inita- hive was very small. By accepting the resolution no injury was being done to local architects. Councillor Gouuit said the Cauncil was askel to agree to certain monies being paid ti architects, with- out the terms having been disclosed. They were in total ignorance on tho point and the time ha I arrived when they should be put in p)ssession of the facts. They were simply asked to close their eyes anl open their mouths to have a Greenote brick thr w in. Ihere seemed to he some ulterior InAive in connection with the business.

)uneillor tr.r.: My ulterior motive was to save £4OO.

Cluncillor WIL Nosiid it would be very iri Rating if members had t 3 listen to isuch remarks as those uttered by Councillor G.mgh, who, he had hoped, would have conducted himself a little better. If he did not conduct himself better ht (the spea'ter) for one wishad CJuncillor Gough had never entered till Council. lie knew nothing about whet he was talking of. He wished to radio all kinds of slum on dill 3rent peiple in the Council

Councillor PEMBERTON said laxoess hal ben creep- ing into Corp iration matters for some time. The present procedure was a most improper way of lotting a contract. There had b2en grest turmoil in the town over that very principle ani there would be again if such methods were persisted in. Tho whole thing was a "jib "and one of the most improper proceedings he bad ever come across in the whole of his public career. tie had known some very dirty things-- Councillor ROBERTS : And deno some dirty things. Con CinOr PEMBERTON : That is 8 in ,ter of opinion. Tne NlAyou: I must ask you to avoid persontlities. It is a point on which I laid stress on my re-election and I Mend to maintain that position all through my period of office. Councillor PEMBERTON : It &Jae not affect me very much.

Toe MAYOR: lam speaking to whom it may concern Cmincillor PE3I BERTON : 1 don't mind that. When you are hitting hard, people who are interested are bound to kick. If there is any attempt to go on with this sort of thing, there is going to be trouhle. Con- tinuing, he said that the plans every school hitherto erected by the Cotmcil hid been advertised for—in fact one of their standing s provided that it must be so. Councillor Pemberton proceeded to qtt )te the Stenling Order op; lying to both materials and labour. The M-Ayort : It his no application to the Education Committee. They have got their own standing orders. CMICCiIIOr PEMBERTON : But we reserve to our- selves the control of all financial matters and my con- tention is that this comes under the head cf " flnoincial matters." Continuing he said there was a difficulty with the local architects about the conditions of com- petition with respect to the Oakwood-avenue school. Aldermen TINNION : They didn't want to "knobstick." Councillor PEMBERTON said his proposal on that occasion to appoint a permanent architect to the Educa- tion Committee was defeated. When the architects were asked to submit designs for the Oakwood-avenue school they were only asked to compete for 0130 school —not for three. Then when one firm succeeded, the committee asked them what they would do the other schools for. They did not give the other architects a chance, and it Vrti3 a most improper and unfair position to take up. How did they kno7f they were going to effect a raving? What proof was there ? They did not know but that another firm, forming their estimates on the basis of three schools, would not have done the work for £6OO less.

In the course of further a-gument, Councillor ['EmuEgzest admitted that he was present at the meet- ing of the Education Committee when the recommen- dation was approved. Councillor WILKINsoer : Why didn't you object then? Councillor PcantitaToN : For the same reason that I refu:ed to sarve on the Education Committee. I didn't want te serve on it but I was forced to do so. I objected because I did not wish to sit under the Chairman—l was not going to be publicly insulted. There are some case 3 in which one cannot help it and has to take the risk, but where I can I am going to pro- tect myself from insult. Councillor ROBERTS: I rise to a point of order. If the allegltion which Councillor Pemberton has just made amounts to this—that he has stated that he would not serve on the Education Committee, or that he did not wish to serve on the Eduestion Committee because the Chairmen would insult him, I tell him the statement is an absolute fabrication. COMMillOr PEMBERTON : I say that I gave that reason at the time, and that I had been publicly insulted.

Councillor ROI3ERTS : You never gave any such reason.

The 11laY0rt : I think you had better keep to this amendment. Kindly keep off personalities. Councillor PEAII3ERTON : I was answering the ques- tion put to me. I have always got good reasons for what I do.

The MAvort : This is not the place to give reasons of that kind. Alderman TINNION suggested that what Councillor Pemberton was referring to was the occasion when he said he would not serve on the Sites and Buildings Committee of the Education Committee. Councillor PEMBERTON said he was anxious to with- draw from that committee, it was true, but he had also uttered the protest he referred to in connection with the Education Committee. Councillor ROBERTS said that the statement Coun- cillor Pemberton had applied to himself was a false- hood. He had never made, either in the Council Chamber or in any other public place where he was present, any such statement, or he should have given him his reply. Why, he (the speaker) was one of those members who pressed Councillor Pemberton to remain on the Education Committee. Was it likely that he would have done that bad Councillor Pemberton made the statement he referred to ? The MAYOR : I think, in any case, it was a very improper thing to say. Councillor PEMBERTON: I was asked for an explana- tion and I have given it.

C.:unciller ROBERTS : You have told a lie. COUBOiIIOr PEMBERTON : That's what you say, but you don't always speak the truth. The MAYOR Here you have two members of the Council accusing each other of falsehood. I think it i 5 very improper and I feel very sorry to he in the chair on such an occAsion. The allegation ought to be mutually withdrawn. I think it is a disgrace to the Council to havo two members each accusing the other of falsehood.

Councillor PEMI3ERTON : I was not the first to niske the accusation.

COilneinOr ROBRRTS : If you ask me to withdravi the allegation I have made in respect of what Councillor Pemberton has just said—that he gave as his reason for not wishing to serve on the Education Committee because ho declined to be insulted by me, I must absolutely decline to withdraw my definition of it as false.

Councillor PEMBERToN : I kali% marie my Sratetnel3t. I have not said any person was a liar. Other people have said that, and they must stand the consequences. Continuing Councillor Pemberton said he heard members of the Education Committee, at the close of the last meeting, expressing surprise that the reoonr mendation had been agreed to. He defied any councillor to name the terms on which the contract was being let. He was prepared to call the public together to obtain their opinion as to the principle of fair and Noe° competition. Tie MAYOR • You are a member of the Education Committee and of the Sites and Buildings Committee. Why didn't you bring the question forward at one of those meetings ? Councillor PEMBERTON : Because I was not there when it was passed. I happened to be in London on private business. Councillor ROBERTS said then were controversialiste whom it was a pleasure to meet, and with whom discus: siert never transgressed the decencies or pleasantries or debate. He welcomed the criticism of Dr McKee, set' would gladly afford him all the information ie his power. Ile placed Dr McKee and his seconder in quite a different category from the member who had just spoken. He confessed that ,f/ discussion with Councillor Pemberton was a weer" ess to the flash, and he for one would be very glad if Councillor Pern,.erton would take himself off the Education Committee and the Council, too; the progress of the town would be considerably accelerated and the respectability and tbe good name of the Council would be greatly enhanced. If Coun- cillor Pemberton was seeking a vocation similar to that which be so ingloriously followed a few years ago let him try it on again. He would soon find out that while, as the Americans ray, a man might fool soM; people for a time, he could not fool all the people e, the time. Explaining the circumstances vvhich induceu. the Education Committee to make the recommendatiol submitted, he said that when competition was invited in respect of the Oakwood-avenue Schools, only two local firms tendered. It might be that the boat arobiT tects were too busy to enter the competition,or that the conditions were not such as they cared to trouble the"" solves about. The p'ans were inspected without any mark.. of identifloation,end the set selected happened to be lien" iii by a local firm. The o,kwood avenue Schools vrere multiple block buildings, and those required for street and and Oliver-street were single block building!: Two of the blocks on the larger set of plans wera stle as would meet the requirements for Parr-street an" Oliver-street, and it was purely and solely with the, object of saving the ratepayers pockets, and in view et previous discussions on the question of economy, tbs. the Education Committee decided upon their course action. Tue terms were at the disposal of any merilloea. of the committee, there was nothing to correct but of deference to tbe interests of the profession, he did not deem it advisable to disclose them publicly. original percentage which would have bee paid for the Oakwood-avenue Schools had been reduced by the arrangement by 20 per cent—that was the eeei3ci mission on the whole was 20 per cent less than it wee d have been on the Oakwood-avenue schools, if they he, been taken by themselves. The Sites and B tildingt; Committee bad given up the shadow in order to gain t substance of a saving to the ratepayers of eavfl'i, hundreds of pounds. Everything had been done ,e perfectly straightforward and honourable mangle' Councillor Pemberton arrogated to himself the treolea„' dons position of "the great I am," but better men tha- Ciuncillor Pemberton had had to submit to the direT.l tions of their c)lleagues and he believed the Callncnie would refuse to allow its business to be held up, le..eir single department,for his convenience. Had Cot' 10 Pemberton been animated by the high sense of duty- which he professed, he would at least have raise the question at one of the two meetings of the Ele.°tv tion at which he was present when the ressinmondatiooo was under consideration. If personal bickering animosity were to be constantly introduced it %/into become impossible for any self-respecting roe' or remain a member of the Council or the Education CO A. mitten and the progress of the town would be reterd The amendment was defeated by 16 votes to 70 a" the minutes mere then confirmed. The voting was al follows :—For the amen dal Councillors Skelland, Archer, Gough, Cunad°,;.. Pemberton, McKee and Lashford. Against „ad men Forshas, Smethurst, Tinnion, John Eree%-ek, Burton, C mucillors Wilkinson, Wilson, Pel%rte, Hawthorn, Hensh ill, Broadhurst, Shaw, Birtles,Boe- Lindley and Chrimes. notice Councillor PEMBERTON : I hope, Mr Mayor, the will be taken of the objection that it is against Standing Orders' for what it is worth. eioo. Councillor WILKINSON: It is worth - (Laughter). nrderS' Tne MAYOR : It is not against the Standing w-

PUBLICAN NOT CONVICTED. CONFLICTING EVIDENCE.AT RUNCOhN• At Runcorn Police Court,on Monday,William pendeelet; bury, licensee of the Commercial Hotel, Bridge•Sttig was summoned for permitting drunkenness on licensed premises. MI Morgan (Chester), who appeared for the p 0 l) said that at 8 a.m. on the 19th of last month -woo named Thomas Antwis, 23, Trinity-street, saw .?„ being pushed out of the door of the Commercial 10 a, Another man followed, and assisted him along the as he was drank. d Job° For the defence, Mr Knowles (Widnes) calle- Malone, the barman, who was in charge of the he.?"-0.:0 the time. He said the man, who it was allege° Ve drunk, left the house sober at ten minutes to sevell't did not return, and it was untrue that he was put ou eight o'clock. t tb° A number of witnesses were called to prove tha „.15 alleged drunken mau was not in the house frout ' until 8.30. o bri°6 The Chairman said It was a very proper case t „vicD before the court, but there was not sufficient tO 03,." for James Reed, tae man in question, was clued as being drunk.

---------------------- , A MF I LY _ . In cases ci -, . Rheumatism, Sciatica . .Sprains, Chest, Kidney and Bead '.. Colds, Stomach Cramp, Stiff Neck and Joints-It is unequalled. It is particularb recommended to Fo Aballers, Banners and all ~. . Sportsufun and Athletes. ".",. R9fllge Substitutes n,nd [talc for . . . KIMOO FAMILY LINIMENT. - Sold by all Chemists 1 /li. 2/3, ' - . 4/6 Bottle. or post free from HEALEY & BIGELOW, LIVERPOOL, Eng• - :::7 . lis LS ' P Ptitl

p

===== 0002601_19121207_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19121207_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
1

lorough Police Court

'F-ATURDAY.—Before Messrs It T Fairclough (in the chair), A J Jolley, T Pemberton and Alderman Tinnion N.S.P.C.C. PROSECUTION.—WiIIism Wood, Six Houses. was charged with having neglected his four children.—Mr Browne, who prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.O , said the chief ot ject of the prosecution was to get the children of the prisoner into the Workhouse. On the previous day the Inspector had succeeded in doing so. On November 20th the wife of Wood was admitted into the Workhouse suffering from an enlarged knee. The priscner was a bricksetter's labourer and had had the children at home, and since the wife went into the Union they bad been badly neglected. Dr. Peacocks, WU% called in, with the result that an order was made and they were admitted to the Union. The children had been Oiort of food and but for the kind- ness of friends would have been starved. Dr. Peacocke said the children were verminous and badly clothed. The house was dirty and also there was no food. There was only one old bed and no covering on it. The case was adjourned for twelve weeks. A 800 us WORRNlAN.—Frederick Walter Judd. 53, New-road, was charged on remand with obtaining food and lodging by false pretences between November Bth and 22ad inst., from Alice Littler, 53, New-road. He was also charged with stealing a safety razor, value is.. from 53, New-road. There was a further charge of being a deserter from the Ist Shropshire Light Infantry stationed at Woolwich. Judd pleaded guilty to all the charges. The Chief Constable said the prisoner went to Mrs Littler on November Bth and represented that be had obtained work at a shop in town and he made arrangements to pay her 13s. a week. He told her be had to start work on Monday and he went out, but returned and said he was unable to commence until Wednesday, as the man whose place he was to fill did not leave until that day. When Saturday came he told her he would not be able to pay her until the follow- ing week, as the firm kept a week in hand. On the following Friday she became suspicious having regard to the fact that prisoner had been leaving the house rather late. She made inquiries and found the prisoner's statement was fictitious. Judd was afterwards arrested. The safety razor was missed and it was found to have been pawned by Judd.—Judd was sent to prison for a month on each charge and ordered to await a military escort. THEFT Case DISMISSED.—WiIIiam Page, 17, Manley- street, was charged with stealing about Gs in cash from the person of Joseph Bennett, while in apublic passage at the rear of Firth-place the previous night. The Chief Constable said Bennett had been in the habit of borrowing money from the wife of the prisoner and paying her 2cl in the shilling per week interest. Up to the previous day he owed her 19s which be had borrowed during the week, and after he had received his wages he paid her is Gd and promised to pay the balance the following week. The woman was dissatisfied and appparently informed her husband. Page said he was sorry for the assault, tie had been very kind to the complainant. He did not take the money from his pocket, but snatched it from his hand. His wife did not charge interest for the money she lent Bennett. Mrs Page, in the box, denied charging interest on the money she lent Bennett. The case was dismissed on payment of costs. MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Aldermen Smethurst. Bennett, Jas. Evans and Bolton, Messrs S Wright, W Roberts, W Furness, G Pilling and T Locker. OBSTRUCTING THE POLlCE.—Robert Higham, 27, Melville-street, was charged with obstructing P.C. Gibbs while in the execution of his duty on Saturday evening.—Higham pleaded guilty.—Gibbs said that at 6.30 on Saturday night he waa called into a public house to eject a woman. She refused to go out and snatched a chain froni the landlady's neck and broke it. He got the woman ontside the public-house, and the prisoner, who was with her, said be was her husband and be allowed him to take her home, which prisoner said he would do. They went away, but returned, and and the woman started pushing him about- He took her into custody and the prisoner tried to diag her away and be was compelled to release her. He after- wards arrested Higham.—A fine of ss. and costs was imposed.—Alice Higham, the woman, was fined is and costs for being drunk and disorderly. ALLEGED ASSAULT ON A WIFE.— Chom%s Kearns, 3 Gandy's-walk, Tilley-street, was committed to the Liverpool Quarter Sessions on a charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm on his wife, Jane Kearns.—On Saturday, November 16, an altercation arose between husband and wife over some insurance money which the wife had drawn on the death of her mother. The prisoner, it was alleged, returned home at night in a drunken condion, and demanded some of the money. The wife refused to give him any, whereupon be corn- mewed a brutal attack upon her. Throwing her ici the ficior,he kicked her several times in the ribs and thumped her about the face. Some neighbours then interfered. The wife was taken to the Infirmary, where it was found she had two ribs broken and other internal injuries.— Dr Law said the complainant was admitted to the Infirmary on the evening of November 16th. On examination he found her suffering from great pain and shock. Two ribs on the right side were fractured. Her injuries necessitaCed her confinement in bed until November 29th.—Two neighbours gave evidence as to hearing screams of " Murder," and going to the house and dragging complainant out.—lnspector Forster said that when he visited the house he found the place in disorder. The prisoner told him it was " all about the club money." His wife had done nothing but drink all the week, and be bad bad none of it. Witness informed him that he should arrest him on a charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm upon his wife, and he ieplied **Right ho, son." On charging him at the Police Station, the prisoner replied" I am saying nowt. Let her do what she likes." TUESDAY.—Before Mr H Roberts (in the chair) and other magistrates BOOT THlEF.—William Kelly of no settled abode was sent to gaol for one month for stealing a pair of boots value Ss lid from outside the shop of Sterling Limited, Bridge-street. A MONTH FOlt THREATS.—John Rankin was sent to gaol for one month for using threats towards Joseph Wood, newspaper manager, Wlnwick-street. To URSDAV.—Before Mr J Rymer Young, in the chair, Alderman Smethurst, Messrs A J Jolley, J Upson and Dr Naden. WOMEN DRINKERS.—"It iti edisgusting eordicl story of drunkenness which is a disgrace to the town, " was the remark of the chairman at the conclusion of the bearing of the case, in which Ann Caine, 10, Back Stamford-street, was charged with stealing a 1311w1,he property of Eliza Culler, 13, Cyril-street.—The Chief Constable said the theft was the outcome of a dis- graceful drinking bout in which the prosecutrix, prisoner and another woman took part. The women were in the house in a semi-drunken condition, in fact they had been drinking for some time. The prisoner said to the prosecutrix " lend me your shawl whilst' I go for some more beer.' She returned about three-quarters of an hour later and laid on the table a pawn ticket and 3s 6d in money. Prosecutrix left the house and later made an applica- tion for the return of the shawl but failed to receive it. Prisoner said she pledged tbe shawl at the request of '7 Mrs Culler. The magistrates iMpossd a tine of £1 and costs. Moron. OFFENCE.—Thomns Pennington, Old-road, Ashton-in-Makerfleld, was summoned for driving a motor cycle at a speed dangerous to the public. P.C. Corbett proved that on Sunday afteraoon, November 24th, the defendant drove his motor cycle over Warring- ton Bridge in the direction of Wilderspool-road at a speed of 20 miles an hour. Defendant failed to negotiate the turn and collided with the wall of one of the shops and damaged his machine. Defendant ladmitted he had only driven the cycle on three Inca- ' Sions. The magistrates took a lenient view and dis- missed the case on payment of costs and is to the poor box. ' FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (Counciller Dr Joseph, 7 Alderman Bolton, Pierpoint, Smethurst and Tinnion) Councillor Wilkinson, Messrs S Wright, A ,j Jolley, 0 Pilling, W Furness and T Locker. NOTORIOUS CHARACTERS.—WaIter Mason, a COII- ' victed thief was charged under the Prevention of . Crimes Act. The Chief Constable said that on Satur- day night there was a political meeting in the Parr Hall ,- and another in the neighbourhood of the Patten Hall. [ Large crowds of people collected after the procession i near the Conservative Club in Sankey•street. The Prisoner was observed by Detective Sergeant Iteddington to be moving about in V most suspicious , Manner trying to get his hand in the hip pockets of • several persons. A long record of crime was read out la'37 the Chief Constable for numerous offences includ- ing the uttering of counterfeit coins and obtaining money by false pretences.—Prisoner said since he got his " ticket "he had tried to go straight. Mr Nicholls said the Leeds police spoke of the prisoner as an asaociate of travelling thieves. Mason was sent to gaol for six months. George Anderson his confederate was niso sent to gaol for three months on a charge of loitering with unlawful intent. Three previous con- victions e ere proved against prisoner who was described by the Leeds police as one of a dangerous gang of pickpockets and race-course thieves. CALLOUS HUSBAND.—Joseph Connor was sent to gaol for one month for running away from the borough and tre tiom y ininghis wife and child chargeable to the funds of A WARNING TO TERRITORIALS.—Thomns Daintith,2, Station-road, Padgate, was summoned for failing to attend the annual training in connection with the Territorials. Captain Elgood, adjutant of the Terri- !A:irial Division, said notice to attend the annual train- ing or to apply for leave was sent out to every member 'of the battalion. The defendant, who was a sergeant, :as the only member who did not attend the camp. He ~.11 asked to give his reasons but he failed to appear 'unfar the committee. Defendant, who did not appear, 'Wks fined 40 and costs or one month.

0 • • 9 6 6 5 111 hi in

~. . ..., . _ • • _,_. „..... _ .. ~,1, ~.._ . ,„.,___:,; _ -o,n the 0 -- . ~• = ~ ~ ... ... •0URT..._104" 'it", _ _, , _ „41". .. B,

===== 0002601_19121207_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
The Exammer, Saturday, December 7

• • • '„. . . . • • k • • • . j

===== 0002601_19121207_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
From a photo taken in THE LATE MR. GEORGE WORSDELL.

Warrington, and probably in Lancashire. Busineas steadily it creased, and in 1851 be received the much- coveted medal of the Great Exhibition 'for excellence of iron and of railway plant." Those who can recall Mr Worsdell in these years of early prosperity speak of him as abounding in energy, open-banded, sociable, and greatly beloved by his wtrkpecple and the young men whom he gathered round him at his house on Sundays. Unfortunately the high tension of his life induced insomnia, which in 1857 led to a temporary but complete breakdown of health, and he was compelled to relinquish to others all interest in the business he bad founded and had brought well on the way to the great prosperity it has since attained. A residence of two years at Working- ton followed, and in the year 1860 Mr Worsdell's health was sufficiently restored for him to take an engagement in the railway carriage and plant works of Mr John Ashbury, of Openshaw. Here his abilities were quickly recognised, and by the year 1803 be was acting as general manager of that concern. His health however, again gave way, and under medical orders he was compelled to throw up all work for a bile. In 1806 Mr Worsdell took over the management of ttle Lancaster Waggon Company—returning, by a curious coincidence, to the town in which his early childhood had been spent, —and brought it to a satisfactory financial position. In 1851, Mr Worsdell married Jane, the youngest daughter of the late Mr. Edwatd Bolton, of Sankey- street, and of Brookside, Penketh, a well-known Quaker, a gentleman much intere,ted in philanthropic work and in b cal affairs. His daughter had been educated at Penketh House under Joseph Edmundson along with the late Jacob Bright, M.P., whose more famous brother John had been also at Penketh under Mr. Edmundson in 1821. Her brothers are still well remembered in Warrington— Mr. Edward ,Bolton as the glass manufacturer, and Mr. Thomas Bolton and Mr. George Bolton as the founders of the Widnes Alkali Company. A son and two daughters were born to Mr. Worsdell at Warrington. The two daughters are still living; but their brother Edward died in 1008, having been seized with fatal illness whilst addressing an adult school. He was in his fifty-sixth Near, and left a widow and three children. In 1.001- Mr and Mrs Worsdell celebrated their golden wedding. The latter passed away at the age of eighty-three after a few weeks of painless decline, on Christmas Day, 1903.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF THE FOUNDER OF HALLAM FORGE.

HIS ASSOCIATIONS WITH WARRINGTON.

Aveteran engineer, whose work has been f Taught with incalculable benefit to Warrington, passed away at Lancaster on Sunday in the person of Mr. George Worsdell, the founder of Hallam Forge, Warrington. Mr. Worsdell was born at Preston in 1821, and was therefore in his 92nd ye_gt His father was a coach- builder from Long Acre, London. Some years after the birth of George, his third and youngest son, the father was entrusted with the construction at Crown- street, Liverpool, of the first passenger coaches for the new Liverpool and Manchester railway. George Stephenson said of him that " he was the best coach- builder he everhad."

The eldest son, Nathaniel, helped to set up the Rocket, the wooden tender of which was built at Crown-street. Later in life he became chief carriage builder to the London and North-Western at Crewe, and later their principal stores purchaser, retiring after a service of over fifty years. Be was the inventor of the method, now in universal use, of nicking up or dropping mail bags without stoppage of the train ; the original and entirely successful apparatus being first experimented with, we believe, at Winsfoid, near Crewe. Mr Nathaniel Worsdell died at Birkenhead in 1886. His sons Mr Thomas William Woosdell, now of Arnside, and Mr Wilson Worsdell, of Gateshead, are well known as two of the leading locomotive engineers of to-day. Mr Thomas Worsdell, the second son, was a clever, inventive man. As a lad of 16 he was the winner of the prize of £2OO offered for the best model of a carriage to be adopted by the London and Birmingham Railway, then in course of construction. The model (in which the screw coupling the lad's own idea— was first employed) was but Gft, in length, and yet its transport from Crown-street to London by Pickfords' vans cost £l7. Such was the difficulty and expense of transit in those days. The model has now a place in the collection of curiosities at Euston. Its ycung builder devoted himself to locomotive construction, and after engagements on the Continent (where the services of English engineers were in such request that at the age of 20 he was offered the locomotive superintendency of the Leipsic and Dresden Railway. the earliest of the German lines) he established a business in Birmingham, in which he trained as assistants the brothers Tangy e, later famous as engineers. Mr Thomas Worsdell, clicd at Ulverston lin 1893. _ .

Mr. George Worsdell, the third son, the subject of the present notice, was educated near Blackburn, under Mr George Echnundson,a famous Quaker school- master; who has a place in the National Dictionary of Biography. Later, after passing through the Crown- street Works, George Worsdell accompanied his father to Leipsic in 1836, to construct the carriages for the Leipsic and Dresden Railway. Returning to England about 1838 Mr George Worsdell devoted himself, with the energy of an eager nature, to acquiring a wider know ledge of the engineering profession. He took engagements at Euston and New Cross, and also at Swindon, where for a few months he was associated with Sir Daniel Gooch. Then, after a tudying for a few months under a well-known civil engineer in London, Mr Worsdell was engaged on locomotive work at Hull. Here it fell to his lot to repair the engine of the Sirius, the vessel of 700 tons which in 1813 had accomplished, in 25 days, the first crossing of the Atlantic under steam. In 1845 Mr Worsdell, who wished to start the manufacture of railway plant on his own account settled in Warrington, as a town mid-way between Liverpool and Manchester, and presenting certain other business advantages. It was then (says the " Manchester Guardian,") a small, quiet, old-world place, deprived of its activity as a coaching centre by the new railway system, and with little in the way of industries. •Here Mr Worsdell transformed an old bone-fertiliser works into the Dallam Forge, rolling with his own hands the first bar of iron produced in

LETTERS OF A SLENDER SCHOOL CHUM TO HER DUMPY FRIEND.

First Letter.—ON THE FOLLY OF EXERCISING AS A

MEANS OF Renucisu FLESH. My dear Sallie, How I wish you could see me now. You wouldn't know me; that's certain.

I've been saving up the news until the witchery should be fully accomplished, that is to say until I your dearest relic of the days of your girlhood should have cast aside the terrible sheaf of fat that once encumbered me, and should have emerged frisky and slender, like a graceful and energetic butterfly, newly rid of its roly-poly wrappings. It is quite true, Sallie dear, the pcdginess and wobbliness are entirely gone. I can trip along as lightly as any fair maid of your acquaintance, and the change from ugly fatness to simple plump graceful- ness bas been so natural and safe and easy that I have been scarcely aware of how rapidly it was taking place. Do you remember that depressing interview we had with Dr. Bontree when he ordered me those terrible exercises as the only possible means of reducing my weight ? How very hard I tried to carry out his ideas, and how I cried from sheer childish weariness after each painful attempt. Well, I have just simply quit everything in the exercise way, and here I am, graceful and giddy as heart could 'desire.

And now for the magic prescription that has " sent down great marvels and wonders" upon my happy head. Marmola Prescription Tablets, Sallie—Just one after each meal. Nothing else in all the world— simply and solely Marmola,sans exercise,sana dieting, sans interference with my usual round of business and pleasure. Don't be hurt at my suggesting it, dear, but if you would follow my example and take a short course of the same treatment, you would soon be as slender and winsome and bonny as Your devoted MARGARET.

P.B.—ln ease you haven't heard before of Marmola Tablets, you get them from your chemists at 2/9 the bottle, or post free direct from the Afarmola Company, Dept. 123, 86, Clerkenwell Road, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCvAL REMINISCENCES

A Warrington correspondent writes :—The old bone works which stood on the south side of Hallam- lane was a very small affair, and the forge and foundry which Mr Worsdell started was mainly employed in the making of railway wheels and axles. The operations were on a small scale. Mr Worsdell was a Quaker, and his first partner was a Mr Gilkes, also a Quaker connected with the North of England, and the firm was Gilkes, Worsdell and Co. The business was not financially successful and in 1849 was in considerable straits, and Worsdell persuaded Mr William Nield to join him. Mr Gilkes retired, and the firm became Nield, Worsdell and Co.' In that year the late Mr Henry Meekly was recommended by an old schoolfellow. Mr William Milner, to put some money into the concern. Mr Bleckly was then a banker in London, and had pre- viously had no connection with Warrington. Still, Nield and Miller were both old Warringtonians and both Quakers, as was Worsdell himself. The business was still a very small one, and continued to lose money, and in 1856 the position was so bad that Mr Henry Bleckly came in the firm to look after his interest in it, which was then considerable. The name of the firm was altered to Nield and Co.', and consisted of Messrs William Nield, Henry Bleckly, and Thomas Fell, whose initials Ii.N.F. are still retained as one of the principal trade marks of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company. Mr Worsdell retited altogether in 1857, and his connec- tion with Warrington and the iron trade ceased from that date, and the progress since made was due to the old partners and their successors. All the former have been dead more than twenty years, and Mr. J. J. Bleckly is the only representative of the second generation.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

COMBATING CONSUMPTION.

PREPARATIONS AT ST HELENS.

The St Helens Health Committee has decided to lease Eccleaton Hall and adjoining laud for twenty-one years as a site for the treatment of chronic cases of tuber- culosis.

The committee also recommends the appointment of Dr S J C Holden, at present assistant medical officer of health, to be medical officer to carry out tuberculosis work in the borough as from January 15th next, at a salary of £3OO a year, with an allowance of £lOO for board and residence. A tuberculosis nurse and a clerk- dispenser are also to be engaged.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSING AT ST. HELENS.

The unsatisfactory housing conditions existing at St Helens, are still a subject ot much local discussion, and an important contribution to the controversy, from the point of view of the sanitary authority, was made by Alderman H B Bates, chairman of the Health Com- mittee at the meeting of the Town Council on Wednes- day. "So much has been said about the housing conditions," said Alderman Bates, "and so much has been done by the Health Committee, that I think a statement should be made in regard to the matter. St. Helens is not as black as it is painted, and there are many worse industrial towns. We admit as a health committee, that we have in our midst a great many insanitary and badly lighted houses, but you must remember that St Helens has an essentially working class population who cannot afford to pay high rents. The Health Committee for some time past have been closing insanitary property, but I regret to say that sufficient provision has not been made for other houses for the people. In many cases people are overcrowded by their own wish. Houses have been overcrowded for years, and will continue to be overcrowded, but I think the time has arrived when we ought to devise some scheme for the better housing of the people. We have attended conferences and inspected garden cities, and we have seen beautiful and well-planned houses, but we have never seen a house that we could ' recommend to be built in St Helens for the rent the people would be able to pay. Unless you establish the housing scheme on a sound financial basis lam afraid you would get into trouble early on. It is a question whether it shall be a municipal scheme or one by private enterprise. We are doing all we possibly can, and we have in the town philanthropic men who are willing to take their share of the burden. We appeal to the ratepayers to help us in solving this problem. You must educate people to keep their houses clean, to give them a sense of responsibility."

===== 0002601_19121207_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

MORE COMPLAINTS ABOUT WARRINGTON BRIDGE DELAY. THE PROPOSED MOTOR 'BUS SERVICE,

ICriticisms of the rate at which the Warrington Bridge works are progressing were forthcoming at the monthly meeting of the 1% arrington Town Council on Tuesday evening. The Mayor (Councillor Dr Joseph) presided end there were also present: Tne Deputy Mayor (Alderman Forshaw), Aldermen A Bennett, T Burton, John Evans, %V Pierpoint, J sm,thurst and D Tinnion ' • Councillors A Archer, T Birtles, J Broad- hurst, TChautler, 3 Chrinies, E Cunbington, J Dicken- SOLI, Gough, J Halliwell,J Hawthorn, R Henshall, F Lashford, F Lindley, Dr McKee, I, Osborne' p Peacock, J Pemberton, H Roberts, J Show,3 Skellaud, 3 Wilkin- son W J Wilson, Messrs J L Whittle (town clerk), A T Holloway (deputy town clerk), T H Spinks (assistant town clerk), W H Woodcock (assist int treasurer), A Al Ker (borough surveyor), W S Haddock (gas engineer), I V L Mathias (electrical engineer), J M Murray (director of education),Dr J C Hibbert (medical ellicer„ Dr G W N Joseph (assistant medical officer), and J Gray (water engineer). The MAYOR read a letter he had received from Alderman Forshow, who thanked the members of the Council for their kind resolution of condolence passed with him and his family on the occasion of the death of his wife.

i'2O:-OPI'ATIVE MEMBER_ OF THE EDUCATION

COMAIIITEE.

On the motion of Councillor ROBERTS, Mr James Jarman was appointed a co-optative member of the Education Committee, on the recommendation of the friendly societies, in the place of Mr John Chrimes, who has been elected a member of the Council. FIRE BRIGADE'S SMARTNESS.

, Alderman BCRTON moved,and Councillor CUSSINGTON seconded, the conficuistion of the minutes ot the Fire Engine Committee. Alderman Tii,imoN paid a special compliment to the smartness of the eire Brigade. Alluding to the recent fire at Alessis Pochin and Co's chemical works, he said ' the manager had informed him that he would like every- one to know—and he asked bin, to mention the matter at the meeting of the Council—that he Was extremely ' pleased and gratified with the work of the brigade. ! They bad, in his opinion, never worked better or more smartly, uud there had never been a better "save." The firm u were perfealy satisfied. (Hear, hear.) lie (Alderman Tionion) saw the tire, and was also on the spot the next morning, and he was of opinion that the "save" was a spleudiu one. The MAYOR.: 'Ellis is one of the pleasant episodes of this meeting. (Hear, hear and laughter).

MOTOR OMNIBUSES FOR LOVELY-LANE AND ORFORD DISTRICTS. The minutes ot the Electricity and Tramways Com- mittee (the confirmation of which was moved by Alderman SMETHURST), contained an announcement to the effect that the Tramways Manager had been author- ized to advertise for three motor omnibuses.

Councillor IVILKiNsoN seconded. and said 'buses would run round Lovely-lane and Ortord-lane and the Barracks—districts which were very populous and required locomotion. (Bear, bear). councillor Dr AIcKEE said be was glad to hear from Councillor Vvilkinsou that a move was to be made in the direction indicated.

Alderman- ...HENNETT : So am I ; but I hope the com- mittee will get not only the most sightly oiunibuses but those which are least objectionable from a public point of view. Aldermon TINNION : Those which won't kill. Alderman BENNETT : We all realize that motor buses are a Convenience, but sometimes they are exceedingly objectionable. in London, even set, they area night- mare to me. (Laughter). Aklerman TINNION : Even in the day time. (More laughter). Alderman BEXNETT said a good deal would depend upon the kind of omnibuses which were introduced, the regulation of the speed and the skill with which the 'busts were driven. The wrong kind of 'bus baoly managed might prove not only a nuisance but a grave danger.. SHELTERS NEEDED AT THE TRAMWAY TERMINI. Alderman BENNETT called attention to the need of a shelter at the tramway terminus at the Cemetery in inclement weather.

Councillor BROADHURST expressed the hope that now the thoroughfare at Sankey Bridges was being widened a 6' little wooden hut " would be provided there, as it would be vety acceptable to it largeinumber of workmen who used the trams.

Councillor PEMBERTON suggested the construction of adequate wood and glass shelters. The committee had plenty of profits. (Laughter.) The MAYOR: The same remarks apply to the other termini. Alderman SMETIII7RST, in replying on the discussion, , said no member of the Council desired a motor omnibus service more than he did, but it could not be provided in five or ten minutel. This question had been under the discussion of the committee for two years, but changes for the better In the construction of the buses were being constantly made, and if the committee had bought them a few years ago they would have had to replace them with new ones. At whatever cost, Cie committee must have the best, but the Council must not expect them for some months, as other people were also waiting for theirs. With reference to the shelters,l the difficulty was that the commitc,s—i--mld not get land, They might, however, be aide to do so at Sankey Bridges. The shelters would b 3 a great comfort to the passengers. WARRINGTON BRIDGE. MORE COMPLAINTS OF DELAY. Alderman SNIZTRURST moved, and the Mayon seconded, the confirmation of the minutes of the Bridges Committee. Councillor LASHFORD raised a discussion on the building of the bridge by alluding to one of the minutes which stated that orders had been made for payment of accounts amounting to £707 29, £5lO of which as for the contractors. It was high time that they were asked to acclerate the work as tbe present rate of progress was making the Council a laughing stock. He had been asked how it was that sufficiant men were not put on the job. Going to Stockton Heath the other day on the car, he found that this was the whole topic of con- versation. Fifteen months had elapsed, and not half the bridge had been built and yet the contract was let for 20 months. The bridge should therefore be finished by April next. Alderman SMETHURST said that no-one could have tried to push on the work more than he had tried to push it on. He had asked why it was that more men were not engaged, but, he supposed, the contractors knew their business better than he did. They were in the hands of an engineer who was regarded as one of the greatest of experts' and it was he, if anybody, who should be spoken to. Only the previous day he had expressed the opinion that double the number of men ought to be be put on. What could he do more than than that? Alen had been paid to look after their interests. At the last meeting of the General Purposes Committee a great deal was said about the bridge. Remiss of the members had never seen it, and he invited them to meet him on the spot the following day, but not a single man turned up. (Laughter.) Alderman TINNioN : As usual. (Laughter.) Alderman SMETHURST : And yet they come here, talk about delay, and got their names in the papers tti: if they took an interest in the construction of the btidge. On Thursday afternoon he gave a similar invitation, but not a man turned up. Probably if he had provided cigars, &0., there would have been a good muster. (Laughter.) .

Alderman BENNETT did not think the progress was as slow as it was stated to be. He bad frequently visited the bridge, and had found that the progress during the past few weeks had been rather rapid. The building of the bridge was a matter of tremendous importance, and with ferre-concrete, which was to some extent an untried material, it was far wiser to " hasten slowly " 1 and to be sure that the work was well and thoroughly done. (Hear, hear). Councillor ROBERTS Is it not possible that on the historic occasion to which Councillor Lashford has referred the community present on the car knew what a distinguished visitor they had amongst them and were I What is commonly called" pulling his leg " ? (Laughter;. Councillor PEMBERTON said it was no trival question of pulling people's legs. He sympathised with Alder- man Smethurst who had done all he could in the matter and it was not fair to expect a gentleman of his age to give any more time to the work. If the Council were anxious to get the bridge finished, they ought to sup- port him. It was deplorable that so few members troubled to visit the site. He had frequently seen the works and he regarded the job as one of the slowest he ever knew. They were now dealing with the most important part of the work—work which WAS exposed to the atmosphere—end it would not be surprising to have several weeks frost at

===== 0002601_19121207_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ill

s. TEST THes IN THE -4:1 14EW SIZE TIN

===== 0002601_19121207_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
1912.

this time of the year. If the work had been pushed on the "ribs " would have been in by now, and there would have been no danger from the frost. They had not yet completed one-third of the bridge and it must be borne in mind that the old bridge, which was a very substantial structure, had to be removed. They could not not wave a magic wand and cause it to disappear. Councillor WILKINSON: Mop it off! (Laughter). Councillor PEMBERTON : This is One of the things you can't mop off. Continuing be said that at the present rate of progress this was going to be a three or four years job. The Bridges Committee was too large; and there ought to he a sub-committee appointed who could put some backbone or cayenne—(laughter)—into 1 the job. The MAYOR said he had seen the bridge every day, en passant, and he bad made two special visits. The reason he did not pay a visit on the occasion to which Alderman Smethurst had referred was that he was unable to do so. Councillor Pemherton reserved all his enthusiasm and indignation for a meeting like the present; nothing was heard of the bidge at any other time.

Councillor ROBERTS: The reporters are present. (Laughter). Cauncillor PEMBERTON said he had about three- quarters of an hour's ditcussion on the question of the progress of the bridge at the meeting of the General Purposes Committee. The other members complained bitterly of the time he occupied. Alderman SMETHURST, in his final reply, said he could not possibly do more than he was now doing, and the only thing that could be done was for the Council to pass a resolution to the effect that the work was not proceeding fast enough, and sead it to the head engineer. (Hear, hear). .

The MAYOR 'The Town Clerk has already written to the engineer. The minutes of the committee were then approved.

EVENING SCHOOLS. MORE PRIZE DISTRIBUTIONS. Mr. A. J. Jolley on Present-Day Clap-Trap. Some interesting remarks on scientific methods of thought as applied to politics were made by Mr A J Jolley (deputy-chairman of the Education Committee) in distributing the prizes to the students at Beathside Branch Technical Schools on Tuesday evening. In the absence of Councillor R lienshall, the chair was taken by Mr J Moore Murray (director of Educa- tion) who said Mr Jolley's chief aim was to give every boy and girl a chance to rise in the walk of life in which he or she was placed and to make their lives better and happier. (Applause). Mr JOLLEY said his recollection went back to the time long before continuation classes in any form were run by the local authority at the expense of the rate- payers. Some of the ratepayers grumbled occasionally at the amount of money they had to find for the cost of education, and a portion of that money was expended in providing evening classes such as those held in that building. Before that time some of them who were very keen on trying to afford oppor- tunities to the young people to improve their position, formed and conducted classes voluntarily. The chances they had at the present time were far better than those which were available to their predecessors twenty years ago. A considerable amount of the ratepayers' money was spent in providing those facilities for their education, and the only feeling of despendency on the part of the members of the Education Committee was that the facilities were not always used to the fullest extent by those who had the chance. One of the defects which presented themselves in connection with their evening school work was the tendency among so many cf the students to try to fasten on to what might be called

BREAD AND BUTTER SUBJECTS. They thought all they needed to take up was something which would enable them to earn better wages, either sooner or later. That desire was alperfectly good and legitimate one, but they did not want to limit their attention to that only. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Education ought to mean a good deal more than simply improving their chance of earning a livelihood. Anything worth calling real education ought to lead to a fuller and better life in every way. They wanted to

LEARN TO LIVE AND NOT MERELY TO EARN MONEY. It was open to every one of them to acquire something like a real knowledge of one or more branches of science, and they would find that such equipment would be of lasting benefit throughout life. They must aim at acquiring not merely the khowledge of scientific facts but the scientific spirit or the scientifio way of looking at things. They, as members of the evening classes and later of technical classes, would have an opportunity of deepening, widening and extending the rudimentary scientific knowledge imparted in the day schools and of making it of benefit to their lives. One outcome would be the improvement of their knowledge of the univer:e in which they would have to play a man's part in years to come. The scientific spirit would also affect their ways of thinking and their whole attitude towards the problems of the day. They heard a great deal of Socialism at the present time. It was a very vague and often carelessly used word. They all ought to take an interest in social problems, and it would be a tremendous benefit to the town and country if they would take a scientific view of them. He rather imagined that the kind of talk they beard at political meetings would be different from what it often was.and the kind of stuff they read in the newspapers would also be different, if people bad a scientific training and cultivated the scientific point of view. They would be able to distinguish more accurately between truth and error and, as the Chairman had told them' "Truth is the highest thing that man may keep." Those who had drunk in the real scientific spirit would not be readily taken in by the clap-trap, trashy talk and writing of the present day. Those who went to a political meeting did not usually go in a very critical spirit, and the rule of humbug would be very much less frequent if people were scientific in their training. (Applause.) They sometimes beard people talking about social problems as if they could alter the laws of nature as easily as they could alter the laws of the land. Anyone who had bad any scientifio training at all knew that was not only nonsense' but it often led Ito nonsense which was pernicious and dangerous. They would be able to see through the fallacious nonssnse which was sometimes talked under the disguise of social reform and to distinguish between measures which would be a real good and those which would do a great deal of harm (Hear, hear and applause.) Having emphasised the great responsibility which attached to the use of the vote, Mr Jolley said they must further bear in mind that truth was not settled by majorities Almost every great beneficial change had been carried out against the wish of the minority. We were yet a long way off the democratic ideal but we were moving towards it and every member of the British democracy should qualify himself to play his part in that system in the best and highest way. The ideal man was the One whose mind had been ,trained on scientific lines and whose character had been formed on Christian lines. (Hear, hear and app'ause). Votes of thanks were accorded to the Chairman and Mr Jolley. PRIZE AND SCHOLARSHIP NVINNERS. . .

The following students have been awarded prizes for regular attendance and progress, viz.:—James Brett, John 3 Cawley, Ernest Cox, Stanloy Griffiths, Barn Hankinson, Frank Holmes Henry Leigh,Herbert Marsh, Arthur G Bonehill, Joseph J Cross, George Fleming, John Lane, George Payton, Albert Potter. Thomas Handles and Charles Shepley. The following students have qualified for scholar- ships to the Technical Institute :—John Appleton, Wilfred Appleton, William Barton, Harold W Birks Stanley Bodle, Thomas B Brimelow, Eric, Brown, William M Cartwright, James Dagnsll Thomas Dolphin, Frederick Ellsmore, Frank Evans, Tom Evans. John W Faulkner Harry Green, William hail, Fred Harrison, William Harrison, Joseph R Holding, Bertie Jones, William Jones, Samuel H Knight, Joseph Lawless, William A Lirigard, Robert McLeish, Henry S Malkin, William Marshall, Harry Massey, Frank Miller, John E Pownall,Peter Pritchard, Ralph Rimmer, Isaac, Sankey, George tinsworth, William T Watenn, Ernest Waywell, Albert Wilkes and Fred Williams.

The following students have qualified for scholarships to the Commercial Institute :—Percy E Hill (second place in Lancashire and Cheshire), Joseph Adims,Harry Dobson, William Fogg, John W Lee, Thomas E Morris, Reginald Taylor, Robert N Tears, and Stanley G Watkins.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAMONT SCHOOL.

On Wednesday evening the Rev Canon Morley Stevenson (chairman of the School Management Com- mittee) distributed prizes and certificates to the students at the Beamont Branch Technical School. The gathering was notable for the large attendance of parents and friends of the prize-winners. Councillor H ROBEILM 'chairman of the Education Committee), who presided, said the excellent results obtained in the examinations proved beyond question that a very great amount of devoted and disinterested service must have been given by Mr 'Longshaw (superintendent) and those associated with him. They

k also spoke volumes for the feeling of co-operation between the students and the staff. (Applause). ' Canon STEVENSON said few things were more striking • or satisfactory than the wonderful change which had • passed over the evening schools of our country during the past forty years. He recalled the days when he used to teach in an evening school in the famous city of Oxford. It was situated in the poorer part of the town and they had some " very' rough gentlemen " Ito deal with. Having given instances to show the kind of material handled and th unruly behaviour which prevailed at that time, the Canon said that to-day they lived in happier times and possessed much greater advantages. They met, not. in a very poor building with I poor seats and appliances, but in beautiful schools with everything as well arranged as it possibly could be, with excellent teachers and with the students them- selves eoming, not to make a disturbance—such a thing would never enter into their heads—but to learn, to get. on and to benefit by the teaching they received. Having paid a high tribute to the painstak- ing work of Mr Longshaw, whom be had known for many years, Canon Stevenson said the students at the evening scnools learned certain things which were going to be stepping stones to other things that they would learn afterwards. They would help to fit them to lead useful lives in whatever profession they might enter. That was all to the good, and he hoped they I would follow up their evening school work by a course at the technical institute which would perfect them, as far as possible, for whatever line of life they intended to adopt. He wished, however, to impress upon them 1 the advantage of taking up something in addition to the means by which they earned their living. He had found that a great help in his own life and he believed it invariably tended to make people happier and more useful. A great German teacher had said : " Strike. into life wherever you like ; it is all interesting." That was quite true and he hoped the students would interest themselves in some pursuit, not because they were going to get paid for it, but because it was going to open out their lives. They must endeavour to show the world that there was still life and talent in the old town so that when something noteworthy was accompliahed people would say "A Warrington man did that." (Applause.) One thing they should all cultivate was a love of good literature. As they grew older they would find their books were their friends. There was some- thing about their books which they would not find in their other friends. They would never get their books to say a nasty word or to quarrel with them. They were always patient, send however neglected or ill-treated, their friendship would le just. as great whenever their help was sought. He nsked the young people to take courage and begin to acquire books which would give them comfort and pleasure throughout life. Milton said of books:

" You'd as well kill a good man As kill a good book." By that he meant that a good man might be replaced by others, but a good book could not be replaced ; it went on living for ever and doing good to people whilst the world lasted. (Applause). On the proposition of Mr J Moona MURRAY, seconded by Mr F H Lotcosirmv, a vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman and Canon Stevenson. Councillor ROBERTS, in replying, said it was not the pleasantest thing in the world to be a public man. Motives were attributed and insinuations made which did not help to make public life altogether a bed of , roses. He always felt, however, that those little matters could be put on one side, in view of the greater question of what was a man's duty to his fellow men. He sometimes thought that the public men who were required for the government of the town did not come forward as they ought to do—that the necessary interest was not taken in municipal affairs by those who were qualified to give assistance, However, when he saw the type ofthe students who were beiag trained in their evening schools, he did not despair of the future of Warrington. (Applause.) THE PRIZE LIST. 'the following students have been awarded prizes for regular attendance and progress :—Albert Acton, Thomas Cain, Joseph Hoult, Joseph Heesom, Arthur Humphries, John Jackson, John E Lydon, John Unsworth, Harry Wilkinson, Walter Coyne, Aloysius Gilligan, Joseph Mannion.

, The following students have been successful in pass- ing the Preliminary Technical course examination, viz: ' —Arthur E Soott, John Warburton. The following student has been successful in passing the Preliminary Commercial course examination (first. year), viz. :—James Appleton. The following students have been successful in passing the preliminary commercial course examination (first year) and have qualified by good attendance also, for scholarships to the Commercial Institute, viz. : Harold Hankinson, David L Jones, Albert Kit:hen, Thomas R Percival, Henry Plumbley, Frederick Thomason, Cyril C N Torok inson. The following students have been successful in pass- ing the Preliminary Technical course examination and have qualified by good attendance for scholarships to the Technical Institute :—Harold Armitage, Thomas T Ashall, Edward Ashton, Leslie G Bateman William Burke, Harry Challiner, Charles Gerbyshire, 'Ch‘rles E Catley, Thomas Hands. William Higham, James Hiuchcliffe, Walter H Holden, Ernest James, Percy Langhorn, William Leigh, Henry Marsdens, Harold Moores, William G Morrell, Joseph Newton, William Ogden, Sydney Pemberton, George Perdue, Frank Sarum, William J Veropro, Clifford Wharton, Cyril Wood, John Wood, Robert Young.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEATHER TRADE IN WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT.

There was a regularly good enquiry for all lines of late, and buyers have been over the ground frequently on the look-out for the odd lines which crop up occasionally in all yards. The figures for November appear to have came out above expectation, as most tanners confess to having had a better month's trade than they anticipated, and one volunteered the information that his total sales for the five months since June were over ,t.:15,000 beyond those for the same period last year, The same yard usually carries a finished stock worth .4:10,000, out I am told at the moment .4.1,500 would buy the lot! The demand for manu- facturers' goods has been much as usual, but the recent wet weather has evidently caused a stir with the repairers, as orders from that branch have been very numerous and very urgent, and in its turn the same cause must soon have the effect of throwing much more work on the factories, and we may expect more determined buying shortly. At the moment prices of sole leather are largely stationary, with the proviso that buyers do not talk , about distant delivery ; if this is mentioned, up go 'quotations, as tanners are unanimous in turning a. deaf ear to contracts at present rates. Rough.leather continues to appreciate, and the market for strap butts in particular is so strong that prices are likely to go much higher yet. Apparently the yards in the district are very busy, but it is reported some are slackening down on the input, as they fear that even current leather values do not jusdfy their paying present rates for fresh hides, which are going anything up to 5 per cent, per month worse in condition. There has been a brisk foreign enquiry during th,-+ week, a particularly noticeable centre being Hong Kong, and it is rather a pity this should have come at a time when British tanners have practically nothing to offer, for by all accounts the opening may be a very important one, and worth close cultivation.—Prorn the Leathcr Forld.

WORKING MEN AS KNIGHTS. ARCHDEACOM MADDEN'S IDEAL. Archdeacon Madden addressed the Sunday afternoon gathering at the St. Helens Parish Church Men's Bible Class on the occasion of their twenty-fourth anniversary on Sunday. About 600 men were present in spite of the very bad weather. He appealed for more thorough- going Christian service. It was not enough for the men to simply attend the class in an afternoon, but they ought to go to church in a morning. They must awake, cast off the works of darkness, and put on the whole armour of light. In the workshops and homes of St. Helens they must be knights in shining armour, giving a profession of faith which might be seen in their character, conversation, and all the affairs of life. He sometimes became tired of the thought of men merely sitting in a Bible class. He wanted to know what they were doing outside. Ai tending the Bible class was only like the soldier going on parade. The Bible class was their drillground. Were they really fighting the battle of God ? Christ was their leader, and at his great appearing what would he find ? Would he find them skulking among the baggage in the rear or would he find them in the forefront of the battls ?

Johnson, the negro pugilist, and Lucile Camercn, the white girl whom he was charged with abducting, were married at Chicago on Tuesday evening,

===== 0002601_19121207_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
ake your cocoa • n t reet

ELECT COCOA

In all sized tins you get the SAME QUALITY-SAME STRENGTH-SAME FLAVOUR. 228E5

===== 0002601_19121207_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
luzl-7771TECV,Mrsiviiiieitross.--

I

Domestic servants, etc.

WANTED. HAND LAUNDRESS.—AppIy MATRON Fever Hospital, Lytham.

WANTED, a young GENERAL, about 16.—Apply CnomrroN, 23, Orford rd., Warrington. lOMPORTABLE APPARTMENIS for Lady or 1.../ Gentleman, 38, MANCHESTER RD., Warrington. WANTED good GENERAL; all duties ; references —Mrs W. LEES, Ba, Market Place, Heywood

\VAN SERVAN Di (all clashes), for Blackpool V St. Annes, and Lytham.—SELECT RKGISTRY, 40 Church et.. Blackpool. "VN

ANTED good COOK-GENhItALS, Housemaids, and Generals.—Mra. KNOWLES, Registry Office, 77, Clifton at.. Lytham. WANTED for small family, Good GENERAL about 18, references.—Mrs. GIBSON, 131, St. James rd., Blackhnrn.

WANTED Superior GENERAL; good situation for steady girl; no washiog.—Mrs. NurraLL, 28, Duke at., Bolton. •

WANTED, young ; training necessary ; young Parlourmaid.—Mrs. KENYNON, Llanerch Panne, Ellesmere

' COOK, ,'

Vij AN 1 ED G?ti.t.L, geed character; stn,il nous-; V 3in family.-12, Parkside-avenue, Leicester rd., Broughton.

WAN 1 h., 10, GEN bRAL, yuung ; references required —Apply, BOLAS, Westwood, Brackley rd. Monton, near Manchester.

WAN IED, Good GENERAL SERVAN 1, 19 to 25, references required.—Apply Mrs. FARRELL, Fairies. Bentinck rd.. Bowdon.

WANTED good DENERAL SbEVAN ; ono ntle to wash.—Apply Mrs. OLLERTON, 11, Whithara Yd., Skelmersdale.

WAN tEll COOK-UENERAL ; wttges £lB-V2O LANGLEY, Eltrym, Birkenhead rd., Meoll, Hoylake.

AINTED, Strong GIRL to ussist with nousiror; about 16; good home.—WEsTwARD, Victoria rd.. Groat Cropl-m, Livprpool. ‘lO AD.MU WAIL nEsS Protratuut V under 25; 2in family; temporary or permanent —l4, PEFTON DRIVP, Liverpool.

WANTED experienced GENERAL for small family; must have references ' • Protestant.—Mm BAUCHER, Lyncroft, Monument PS r k W,gan. WANTED, GENERAL; good referenoes ; all duties for two ; every_ consideration ; very happy tiorne.—ST. SAVIOUR'S VicARAGE, Bacttp.

ANTh.D, clean' trustworthy GENERAL for December sth; good references.—COOKSON, 78, Victoria rd., New Brighton.

AN [EU UENEKAL, experienced, must have good references.—Apply MANAGEREstS, Gulf Club, Rushton, Macclesfield.

WAN I'.D good 1101.3sENtA1D WAITRESS apply stating age, wages, tefeteocee.—The RUTLAND PRIVATE HOTEL. Blackpool.

WAN ouperior Uhis+littAL atm 18 to *L4 Gentleman Farm House no dairy.—Apply MRS HARRISON. Alkinonate, Colne.

'AN FEU, experienoed GENERAL; mint be smart; thee children; wash ; references requited.— Mrs Pm, Platt Bridge, Wigan.

- WANTED GENERAL, small family ; plairi cook lug ; £lB, .C 22 ; also young General, no cooking.-16 I. LORD ST., Sr,ut boort .

WANTED srruArioN as Housekeeper to Business Gen- leman •, Southport or Birltdale ; good Tererencps.—Apply N. HART ST.. Southport

NiVANTED COOK-GENERAL, reliable. over 30; V also House Garden Boy and House-Parlourmaid. —SHIITE. Graienyn, Bale, Merioneth, WANTED, Snperior PARLOCEMAID good refer- ences, Cooks and Genet-4 le.—Miss METCALFE Roeistrv. Bark st„ Bolton. Tel. 626.

AN [ED GEN ErtAL (respectable), for eouutry Inn ; age about 20 ; references requited.— Apply SPOnTSMANS INN, Beech rd., Hartford. WANTED GEN—I-Eritt L; plain cook; references cleSnliness essential; small house; state age and wages —LOwNDEs, The Chalet, Preststyn. RESPECTABLE Young GENERAL small family comfortable place with or without washing,— Beferencen " ROSsMoYNN," Wfstgate lirmston.

WANTED GIRL (age 16 to 18), to be trained as Housemaid-waitress ; cook-general kept-- Write Mrs. PRESTON, Grasmere, Wbitefield, near Manchester.

WANTED Li ENERAL,supertor ; small gamily; good • wages assistance given ; "no wardsing.—Apply, by letter only, to Mrs. Hail" 18, Argyle rd., Southport.

-CANADA.—SERVANTS WANTED deposit 10s. remainder advanced; situation guaranteed; stamp for particulars.—CßOSSLEY'S SERV AhTS REGISTRY Hall fax. WANTED H „ HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS (capable) large boys' school; regular hours ; comfortable place ; early January ; age 26-29.—BicKr.RToNllo1sa Birkdale, Southport.

WANTED, NURSE, for December 30th, three children, 15 months, 5i years and 8 years ; good 'references and personal interview necessary.—Mrs. BEAL, Hall Nook, Penketh, Warrington.

WAN LTD Superior GENIEHAL ; all duties exce,3 washing; woman twice weekly ; small family aurae kept • age 20-30; wages £29.—Address Mrs. Gwyn& 33, Wellington at.. Blackburn.

,/ AN lED Young ear:y in V January ; £2O ; small family ; good holidays : washing sent out.—Apply by letter, stating age and reference. to Mrs. MAtirsDEN, Melrose, Ellesmere Park, Eccles, Manchester. A)JAN l'Ell EN PEKIENCED COOKS, Parlourmaids„

Vi Housemaid Waitress, Cook Genei•als, Generals, Hotel Servants, excellent vacancies, town or country.— MRS. JKFFERS, Altriochate Ladies Agency, 31, Hale rd. Altrineham.

CANVASSER WANTED by well known firm to call upon retail shops to sell a commodity that is extensively advertised. Salary to commeece £1 10s. to ,L 2 per week, according to past record. All out of pocket expenses will be paid.—Write in the first instance,giving particulars of past experience, age, etc. to Canvasser c/o WALKER S ADVERTISEMENT OFFICES, 91/3, Bistiopsgate, E.C.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Wanted.

Miscellaneous On sale. etc.

SOIL, rich, clean,3B per load.—Apply 25, WaltiluaToN ST., Stockton Heath.

CI liILDS' hold all, burn all candlestick, free, Bd.-52 COCRTNRY RD.. Woking. Agents wanted.

I_IIANO £6 15s, for quick sale_; honestly worth doutle.-62, ST. MARY'S ST, Warrington. MUSIC Library, la. 6d. quarter ; any music supplied lists free.—IASTER, 71. Western rd.. Hove.

BKASa IJUU COLLAR TALLIJS, with name and address complete, post free, 7d.—BsvgnoN, 85, King at., Blackburn.

5,_ BARGAIN PAItChLS Fancy Linens, Pinafores. / Children's Woollen Jerseys.—ELLateN, Garnett st., Hiebtown, Manchester.

rvosa and Catch a new game of skill. Vhat. Not -IL seen it—Send P.C. for particulars to ALBERT Low, r)3, High et, Hounslow.

K1,4111E1) WATS, direct trom the maker; warranted pure wool; hand finished.—EloPu's HOMEANIT, Wem.Shropshire.

GARDENERS, take it easy, ny using a real self sharpening SPADE ; post free ss. Ed.—MEADOR Bradfield Green, near Crewe. BLOUSES.—Makers prices including latest style neckwear, send 2s with size.—MODERN BLOUSE BrawnCO., 10, New Brawn st., Manchester. - -

200 PLATE GLASS OVERMANTELS, 3s. 9d each to clear; carriage paid.—KINGSLAND WORKS, 423. hingsland rd., London, N.

Bargains for Ch—Lace Sideboard and stand cloths 2/3 and 3/- per pair; Lace Curtains 26, 3/11,4/11.6/11, Sill post free.—Moore, 47, Antill at., Stapleford, Notts. TIU [CH. SEAMPS, reniarkaole oiler' 50 different 15 Dutch and Dutch Indies Is., and 75 different ditto Is 9d P.o.—Kortrnan, 191, Upton lane, Forest Gate, E

DOUGLAS, Rudge, Motor Cycles, Raleigh Cycles Repairs. Accessories. Sugg's Famous Foot balls and Hockey Sticks —W. KNIGHT. Stockton Hemth.

FURS.—Mra. GEMMELL, 151, Buccieuch at., Gleeguw, practical Furrier. Furs cleaned, dyed, repaired, and altered: charges moderate; Est. free.; parcel post.

ABankrupt, Btoca.-ss. Ladies or Ciente rolled gold Keyless Watch and Chain ; 2.8 Gd rolled gold Curb Chain Bracelet and LPadIock.—BERNETT & Co., 10G, Charing Cross rd„ London.

800 1 b.—Buy direct, Lave 50 per cent., tient a water- proof Crome Shooting Boots, standard screwed, wear guaranteed, 7s. Of. y air, post paid ; retailed at 12s. 6i.—ELT', "Eitonian Works," Shambles, Woreostor

ve lug ki design;id: s a. •°cclarbVia= riauon 500 free; 50 per cent. saved ; post paid.—ECoNomic PRINTING Co., Pershrue at., Birmingham. Customers delighted.

XMAS.—An interesting and seasonabie present ; Pullman express, engine, tender, 2 coaches ; heavily built in polished metal ; the engineers' model ; 2s. complete.--"LoCOMoTIVE." 157. Rnrovivh. Lr•ndon. -•-

XMAS Presents. kor P.o. man siiinp.e photograph of yourself, beautifully enlarged, hand coloured,mounted lbil2,satisfactiou or money returned. Send photo and colour.—Carter, Photo Artist, AlceBer

- - - iILOU ISALWAOI.-6wart, tiltiCK Blouse, hand- somely trimmed bright silk lace yoke,with 10 fold, under, and pin tucks and folds from shoulder to waists for 2a. 6c1., carriage ad extra. Money returned if not satistled.—HUGHES, Chad well Heath, London. •-

Medical.

AbIINA cured at home; wheelers tre'e.—Dr JESCHKE LTD., Dept. 33, Old Steine, Brighton. OIIIET comfortable HOME for Maternity Cases or Invalids; terms moderate.-3, TATTON GROVE, ithington, Manchester.

lIIHE Rev. Ueorge li:teen's treat remedies tor Con- etipation, Indigestion, or Rheumatism, free to suffer ere. Postnee 24. ELVEN Horsy, ColliSdnll. Surrey

B'

rOYS over 14 years of oge WANTED.—AppIY RoroNsoN So N & Co., LTD.,Glass Works,gank Qiiay

IigHEASANT Tails wanted, all feathers purchased for oash..Meeseena 8r05..76, Araburst, rd.,Loodon. N.E.

drAPPORTUNITY to snake 408. per week; AGENTS WANTED ; to article ; every householder a buyer —Partici-16re S. and M. GooormAß,Wellasey.

ILK.—Several dairies of new milk wanted, -01- delivered Wigan or Manchester : state lowest cprice.—Twouwe's DAIRIES, Earl-street, Lower Brough- ton, Manchester.

30/- EARNED WEEKLY.—PERSONS capable addressing circulars. Write immediately, enclosing addressed envelope.—WaTEnuaN Co., 16, Great James at., London.

35/EARNED WEEKLY.—Persons capable - addressing circulars (at borne).—Write immediately addressing envelope, WATERMAN Co., Great James at, London.

TOW.

EVERY WOMAN ;"--nee—Cia it, Agents wantsd ; a good income easily earned by ladies with spare time.—Send for particulars to MASSRS. WILSON Co., 19-21, Wilson at., Finsbury, London, E C.

A GENTS wanted to sell "Native Herbs "for Con- stipation, Rheumatism, Liver, Kidney and Stomach trouble; I will send you by return post carriage-paid, 15 packages to sell on:commission at 6d. each; when sold. send me half the money; you keep half; order to-day. —Address P.C. Melrose, Dept. 4,ColambasPhio, U.S.A.

ADartments. Furnished Houses, Sco

COLWYN BAY.—Splendid for winter climate; home from home at Gnovn EfousE, Greenfield rd.; terms moderate.

LONDON Visitors.—Bed and Breakfast from 2s. 6d- single, 3s. 6d. double; board optional ; comfort- able.—GOßTlVlß, Handel House, IS , Handel et., Brune wick square, tondos, W.C.

Remember our name is the Hall-mark of Quality and the Highest

Standard of Value.

• TELEPHONE No. 386.

Horses, Carriages, Live Stock, dm

TWO MARES tor sale, cheap ; suit farmer or boat- man.—Apply THOS. BURGESS, Farmer, Dalton, near Wigan. --

rro Utidertakers, etc. single nor se Funeral Car -IL up-to-date; several first-class Broughams, square and circular ; good Landau, Brougham, Ambulance and double harness.—Apply iIITTAKER, Coach Builders and Undertakers, Everton. Liverpool.

Shots

Businesses, etc.

rim BE SOLD, FRIED FISH end CHIP BUSINESS. —Apply J. T. MALKIN, Pepper st., Nantwieh.

To be Let

y OCk-UP SHOP TO Lin', 33, Green at.—S. GOUGII JU & -Co , Winwick at., Warrington.

r YMM. HOUSE TO LET, "Hillside," Brook rd. £2B.—Apply A. J. PRATT, 5, Frankby rd., Meols Hoviake.

Money.

IF YOU ARE IN NEED of a Private Advance from £2 upwards.—Apply at once for terms, B. JACKSON, 50, Hyde rd., Ardwick, Manchester.

cin canon.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE been universally admitted to be a Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy for Antemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes Is. lid. 2s. 9d. 4s. 63. andlls. (Sample sent free). Only address :- 809,•PORTOBBLLO RD.,NOTTING HILL„ LONDON

x

X

===== 0002601_19121207_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
. 1.:/ : AIP ..a. " -44110" f .]t ..., ' . ' ' WAKR.I,IIN GTO IN . . , . .

Sankr Stkeet,

I

• , GOLDSMITHS 'SILVERSMITHS DIAMOND MERCHANTS

===== 0002601_19121207_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
:y"OW , , C7°. ,Pe

T-1—HE BROADWOOD PIANO i X 37-16-0 is built to last a lifetime.

It delights the best musician with its responsiveness to the touch, its rich tone, the sound- ness of its construction, and its beauty of appearance. Every instrument is war- ranted for 20 years. £1 down and £1 per month procures one of these delightful and beautiful instruments.

Slightly used & Secondhand Pianos. BRINSMEAD Mahogany £5

BROAD WOOD Mahogony £9 10 JACKSON Rosewood - £ll 15 MARKLETON Rosewood £l4 16 CHAPPELL Walnut - £l5 18 IVORY Walnut - - £l9 18

Tunings and Repairs. Tel. 337 x

C. H. & J. DAWSON 59, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

COME and SEE

\

, • r

. :\\::7!:::':‘,\\,,,,.:,--_,.\,,,\\41..,:-.---f.,,,,,::i1,-,7_,--...,,, s \ 5 f , ~

===== 0002601_19121207_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
SCOTT'S

Costume House, 8, Horsemarket St.

Warrington.

We Search the Markets For Bargains For You.

Costumes,

Coats,

Rain proofs, Skirts, Less than Drapers' Prices,

Will you come and see them in our Windows P

We save you 3/6 in the pound.

T

T

S

market St.

rington.

)

1

===== 0002601_19121207_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Sc

8, Hors Wal

===== 0002601_19121207_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0

===== 0002601_19121207_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
VIIMIIIMMO I

===== 0002601_19121207_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Garnetts

Furniture Carpets Decorations

established Manufacturers whin George IV. was King WARRINGTON and LIVERPOOL (122 Bold Street).

THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY DECEMBER 7, 1912.

Some people seem only now to THE have awakened to the fact that WORLD'S condition, that fewer men are DESIRES. the country is in a prosperous unemployed than at any period since the South African War, and that the prospects of still greater trade are ex- ceedingly rosy. The " boom," as we have learnt to call it, has been visible for a very long time, and all the experts agree that it has not yet reached its height. There is really no reason to suppose that a period of depression must regularly follow a period of prosperity, though past exp.eri- ,ence teaches us to expect such a succession. Perhaps it is better to say that the extremes of good and bad trade will not be so far t apart in the future as in the past. It is to riohoffy's interest to have violent fluctua- tions! in business, and, although there are Still a great many improvements to be de- sired, it may be noted that we hen:- nothing nowadays of gigantic corners, and that we seldom hear of huge bunk failures in any part of the world. In finance we have raised the standard of ability everywhere, and prudence and foresight influence the dealings of responsible men and corpora- tions much more than ever. But it is only possible for financiers to regulate the, World's enterprise and to conserve its capi- tal. Not even they can control its natural activities; and when we read that there has been ain ttnprecedented catch of herrings in the North Sea, for instance, we can realise how little man has to do with the way in Which nature provides his food supplies. Plenty of food means 'abundant human activity, and that in its turn both increases the productiveness of man's labour and im- bues him with the desire to gain greater Comforts and more of the physical pleasures of life. So the wealth of the world is multi- Plied. Everywhere there are signs of this realisation that a little more effort will yield a great deal more delight. The semi-bar- baric and the uneducated peoples of the World are gradually finding out, through the enterprise of modern commerce, that many articles of comfort may be purchased for a little more outlay in labour; and countries like our own, that have grown rich by 6upplying the needs of others, are reaping ,abundant harvests. It is this wonderful •spread of the knowledge that more good

.?. ? , • ,74

===== 0002601_19121207_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
111

===== 0002601_19121207_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
things are to be acquired by a little harder work that is deepening the diligence of men everywhere, and making it possible for them to become profitable customers. And so long as this steady process of opening up the potentialities of the world's re- sources continues there is no reason to expect a plunge back again into the depths of commercial depression.

Nothing was more notice

WHAT DOES LORD able about the Bolton LANSDOWNE MEAN? election than the sup- pression of Tariff Reform policy by the Tory Party. The -Cory Party, Lord Lansdowne had explained, had regained its freedom. There need be no nasty Referendum. If a majority was obtained by the Tory Party at a General Election, food-taxes could be imposed with- out any bothering" poll of the people." And in his message to the Tory candidate at Bolton, Mr. Bonar Law said not a word about Tariff Reform. Does Lord Lansdowne mean, when he says that Tariff Reform Referen- dum "is not a business proposition," that he knows a Referendum would put an effectual stopper on food-taxes?

Lord Roberts is still THE DANGER OF unrepentant. After CONSCRIPTION, writing to say that his utterances at Man- chester did not bear the meaning placed upon them, he takes the first opportunity of adding fuel to the fire by describing the Territorial Force as "a make-believe army" and arguing for the compulsory military training of every able-bodied man in the country. Mr. H. W. Massingham, one of the most distinguished writers and publicists in England, in an article which we quote on another page, says that "Lord Roberts is out for Conscription," and the destruction of the Territorials. The Tory Party, he adds, are also "on the eve of that fatal step," even though it ensures them twenty more years of opposition. The trend of events has been steadily in the direction indicated by Mr. Massingham for some time, and now that Mr. F. E. Smith has gone over to the side of Lord Roberts, there can be little doubt that his party is very near to following suit. Under the circum- stances it behoves us to take the scare-mongering and the insidious pleas for compulsory military training, seriously. The voices of the National Service League and Lord Roberts were as those crying in the wilderness, but with the possibility in view that the Tory Party may make a desperate "last throw" for national support by fostering national alarm, the position becomes one that cannot be too seriously regarded. Fortunately there is no fear of the country, in its sane moments,ever agree- ing to conscription, but there are times when peoples as well as individuals are not wholly sane. The greatest safeguard we have to-day is the Government— a Government fully aware of the criminal folly of con- scription, determined on that encourage- ment of the Territorial Force which it has lacked so long, and alive, as Mr. Massingham points out, to the fact that the preparation of a continental army here would not only mean war with Germany, but would "cripple our finances and banish all hope of a definite and serious rise in the standard of our people's life."

The waters in the RELIGION IN THE education pool are again Scmom, being vigorously stirred loy way of preparation for the Bill which the Government has promised to introduce next session, and the cross currents of opinion are appearing as of old. The National Education Association is giving special attention to the present condition of educational finance, which is creating a serious deficiency of school accommodation, and urging the Government to provide a building grant sufficient to secure without delay an adequate supply of Council schools for all who require them. The Northern Counties Education League is also urging the necessity for such a grant, and at the same time favouring a bold treatment of the Single School Area problem. On the other hand the. Anglican party is concentrating on the Right of Entry, and representative Free Churchmen like Dr. Clifford, Mr. Meyer and Dr. Scott Lidgett, are co-operat- ing with the Nonconformist Committee in the House of Commons in demanding the abolition of religious tests for teachers, and the public control of all schools maintained by public rates and taxes. Meantime two things seem tolerably clear—the widely diffused discontent of educationists can be relieved by substantial aid in the form of a building grant, partly retrospective, to local authorities; but the real crux of the ques- tion at issue will remain so long as the principles of religious equality are set at defiance, and sectarian privilege is allowed to bar the way to public service.

4,200 Guineas bra Brood Mare. • At the Newmarket Bloodstock Sales on Tuesday a brood mare, Lady Cynosure, belonging to the American millionaire, Mr W Astor, was knocked down to Sir Gilbert Greenall for 4,200 guineas. Lady Cynosure was born in 1903. She is a bay mare by Cyllene - Maid Marian, covered by Beppo.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

The extraordinary value to which land on the far side of a borough boundary can attain when a Corporation is a possible purchaser has received striking illustration in the case of the Storeton estate. Some time ago (says the "Manchester Guardzan" the Birkenhead Corporation made inquiries as to the price of certain portions of the estate. The quota- tions received ranged from £4OO to £l,OOO per acre. Now, through Sir William Lever's decision to forego any profit on his purchase, Birkenhead gets 1,500 acres of the land in question at £BO per acre. * _

Candid Tories are 'ever-ywhere expressing disappointment with Sir Edward Carson's speech. The new King' of Ulster who was responsible for so much sound and fury at Belfast, and who there roared forth threats of rebellion and civil war, cooed like a dove on the Parr Hall platform. He failed so entirely to make the opposition to Home Rule appear a real, live cause, that the audience went away thoroughly convinced that for all Sir Edward Carson and his friends could do, Home Rule was as good as carried. Beating the big drum had a rousing effect in Ulster, but in Warrington—well Sir Edward did not even beat the drum! ik *

"The state of Sankey street on Sunday night is a disgrace to Warrington" declared Mr. J. Moore Murray, director of eduction, in an address to evening school students. The opinion will be endorsed by everybody,except perhaps the crowds of young people who aimlessly fritter away their time by parading that thoroughfare and indulging in horse play. We are afraid the culprits will be quite unresponsive to the appeals of educationists to spend quiet evenings in the home circle. For some unaccountable reason the streets seem to have an irresistible attraction and we can only trust to firmness on the part of the police to make the condi- tions a little more tolerable for the peaceable passer-by. * * *

A recent paragraph in the "Morning Post" anent Canon Henson's appointment to the Deanery of Durham throws the spirit of certain members of the Establishment into strong, if unpleasant, relief. The new Dean is exhorted to restrain the friendliness towards Nonconformity which he has dis- played "in season and out of season," and to remember that there is an "out " season as well as an "in." Specially is he told to avoid interchange of pulpits. He may still be sympathetic, but in such wise as not to "compromise the Church." That is the spirit of a privileged Church in a nutshell. Nonconformists are to take what condes- cension they can get, and be thankful ; and. Church folk may make them a distant bow as to inferiors, but no more. What miserable and petty Pharisaism it all is ! *

The process of making the national Universities freely accessible to all citizens irrespective of religious belief or profession has been going on for more than sixty years Up to 1854 all honours, emoluments and offices were limited to members of the Established Church, but in that year the scholarships and the Bachelor of Arts degree at Oxford were thrown open. Two years later Cambridge, with greater liberality opened the degree of Master of Arts to Non- conformists. Similar reforms, based on the principle of religious equality, have marked the intervening years, and now comes the news that by a majority of 435 to 326 the Cambridge Senate has resolved to open the Degrees in Divinity to ministers and laymen 'of all communions. Sectarianism dies hard; but it is well for the cause of learning that it is being steadily driven out of the lUniversities.

* * The references to Nonconformity made by the writer of the Church column in the "Morning Post" are often amusing. He informs us, for example, that because many of their places of worship possess a trust deed, Nonconformists are far more under State control than the established Church. How any grown man can write such non- sense passes comprehension. Trust deeds are not drawn up by Parliament, as, for instance' the Act of Uniformity was. The State will, of course,see that trust deeds are not violated as it will see that a man pays his debts, and does not willfully break any formal engage- ment into which he may enter. But that is quite a different thing from maintaining a Church in a position of exclusive privilege and investing it with whatever moral authority can be conferred under a special sanction of law. However, it is useless to notice such things except to laugh at them ; and, indeed, it is only for that purpose that we call attention to the paragraph in question. * • * . _

One amusing featu-re of the Tory demon- strations over the week-end was the nervousness of the speakers at the telling attack made by Mr. A. H. Crosfield in last Saturday's "Examiner." They one and all simulated an appearance of indifference so indifferently that their concern was manifest. First Sir Edward Carson. He had something important to speak about, so he was going to ignore Mr. Crosfield—but he could not do it you see. Then the Member. " Crosfield on Carson" was likened to a fly on a barrack. Mr. Smith ought to have used" pub" for " barrack." Brushing flies off newly-painted " pubs " is a favourite employment in certain grades of labour, though the workers are not yet scheduled for insurance. Mr. Smith missed an opportunity of conciliating this section of his supporters. They are influential men at election times. Even on Monday,Mr. Crosfield's letter seemed to still stick in Mr. Smith's throat and impede the free passage of hot-pot. He tried to comfort himself by presuming that none of his hearers had read the letter. Perhaps not But the " Examiner " certainly went into many new hands last Saturday. * * * Although the Mayor has responded to the toast of "The town and trade of Warring- ton" on occasions well nigh innumerable, he usually contrives to invest his speeches with originality. At the Caledonian Association's dinner his Worship advanced the novel suggestion that Warringtonians should show their loyalty to the old town by living in it instead of fleeing to the suburbs. Dr. Joseph is convinced that, to the townsman of good constitution, life in Warrington is quite healthy,if pursued on regular lines and varied with sufficient recreation. Further- more he expressed the view that there would be less disorder in the main streets, if more people dwelt in the heart of the town. What- ever measure of agreement there may be with his Worship's opinions, the resident in suburbia will probably be in no hurry to exchange his lot for that of the townsman who has to spend his days in unlovely streets under a pall of smoke. Lifetin the country has undeniable ch arm siand advantages and it will require an abnormally strong sense of local patriotism to stem the constant migra- tion from the borough of the increasingly large number who find it convenient to take up their abode on our rural outskirts_

The Wirral Peninsula seems likely to become one of the most favoured districts in the north-west of England. It has already three seaside resorts, New Brighton, Hoylake, and West Kirby; a model village, Thornton Hough; a model town, Port Sun- light; and now, by the Birkenhead Corpora- tion's acceptance of Sir William Lever's offer of the Storeton Estate, recently bought from the executors of the late Sir Thomas Brockle- bank on advantageous terms, its attractions bid fair to include a garden city in the near future.

The Education Act of 1902 is apparently working its own nemesis. Under its opera- tion the number of non-nrovided schools has been reduced from 14,268 to 12,751. This means that in ten years 1,517 schools, with places for 903,633 pupils have been closed or transferred. The average attendance at the non-provided schools has fallen within the same period by 351,812. At present it is only 2,193,675, whereas in 1902 it was 2,545,437. On the other hand, during the past ten years, the Council Schools have increased by 2,128, and the average attendance of scholars has risen by 794,611. It is this success of the Council School system which, according to the Northern Counties Education League, is constraining the Anglican party to concen- trate on the Right of Entry. In letting slip a portion of the educational machinery main- tained by public funds, they would capture the whole for denominational purposes.

* "If they were annoyed by Mr. Lloyd George let them not read his speeches. He would one day have to settle with his Creator for what he said." Lord Selborne St Halstead, 19th October.

This has all the appearance of sincerity though it is rather outside the usual run of talk against the Chancellor at meetings con- vened to denounce him, while upholding the tattered and torn banner of Tariff Reform. We have a belief all the same that in the final judgment of Mr. Lloyd George, he will be judged like others, not so much by what he has said as by what he has done fur the race, and it looks at times as if he were going to have in this respect a fairly good record. At the Bar,Lord Selborne will have to admit that he attempted to put taxes on the food of the people and Lloyd George can be pointed to as a man who did something to prevent him committing this crime.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
II

===== 0002601_19121207_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARS.

Padgate Wesleyan Church.

The Rev f)r ilAldwyn Hughes, of Southport, will preach at Padgate Wesleyan Chnrch on Thursday Afternoon next. In the evening he will lecture on " The Spirit of the Age."

===== 0002601_19121207_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Royal Theatre of Varieties._

The first anniversary fat the Royal Stock Company will be ceebrafed next week. On Monday and Tuesday, 'The Unknown" will he played ; on Wed- nesday and Thursday, " A daughter's sacrifice," and on Friday and Saturday, "A factory lass." There will be a matinee on Thursday. FOR MODERN FIREPLACES and Cooking Ranges corn !lining economy with simplicity try J. 8. GARLAND Ironmonger, Bridge at., Warriggton.—Advt.

Parish Church Chorister's Association. In connection with the Warrington Parish Church (Past and Present) Choristers' Association, a perform- ance of Sp)hr's grand oratorio "The Last Judgment" will be given in the Parish Church on Thursday even- ing next. The principal vocalists will be .—Soprano, Miss May Atkinson ; tenor, Mr John Draper; bass, Mr J B Poole.

Footballer Injured. During the match between the Emmanuel Church and Walker's Bottling teams, l‘hich took place on the Longford ground on Saturday afternoon, Thomas riffin (23), a popular member of the Brewery team, unfortunately su,tained a fracture of the jaw. He was removed in a tali cab to the Infirmary for treatment.

Ask for Whitbread's Famous Ales end Stouts in screw-bottles.—Sole agent, PETER. I..Ernti, Horse- market st.—Adyt. Death of Mr. J. H. Boydell. We regret to announce the death of Mr Joshua Howarth Boydell, bead of the firm of Boydell Bros., tailors, Manchester and Warrington. Mr Boydell had only been ill for a few days, and the news .of his unexpected death on Thursday evening at St. Anner, on-Sea came as a shcek to both friends and employees. Pleturedrome. -

- On Monday and Tuesday an exciting drama of a modern smuggler, entitled "Hearts and Diamonds " will be shown. "The Fighting Instinct," a Western story, is the star picture for Wednesday and Thurs- day, and "Two Battles" a story of the Boer War, with the favourite picture actor, kr Maurice Costello, in the leading part, is for Friday and Saturday.

LAMPS, Oil Stoves, Coke Stoves,—J. S. GAYLAND 51, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt. Death of an old Warringtonlan. An old Warringtonian passed away yesterday in the person of Mrs Martha Mather, 23, Rolleston-street The deceased, who was 82 years of age, was born in Church-street and had lived in Warrington all her life. Only a few months ago she was presented with an illuminated address by the midwives of Warrington. The funeral will take place at the Cemetery on Monday, and will be preceded by a service in Legh, street Primitive Methodist Church.

Ask for Whitbread's Famous Ales and Stouts in screw-bottles.—Sole agent, PETER LEIGH, Horse- market st.—Advt. Sale of Corporation Surplus Lands. At the Blue Bell Hotel, on Wednesday, Mr A H Clive, on behalf of the Corporation, offered for sale by auction several lots of surplus lands which remain on their hands after carrying out street improvements. Only two lots were disposed of. One adjoining the Feathers' Hotel, in Bridge-street, Was sold to Messrs Grecnall, Whitley and Co., for £1,410. The other at the corner of Howley-lane and Church- street, fetched £305, the purchaser being Mr A J Willett, Since the sale there have been several inquiries as to the other lots offered for sale.

Warrington Co-Operative Society Limited. The 208th quarterly meeting of the WarrinBton E.l. Co-operative Society was held in the Co-opera- tive Balt on Monday evening. Mr. Wadsworth presided and there were about 120 members present. A vote of sympathy was passed with the wife and family of the late Mr. Bower who had been for many years on the committee, and whose term of office expired with this sleeting. Mr. Bower had been taken sud- denly ill early on Sunday morning and had passed away within a few hours. After the election of scrutineers the report of the committee was read by the Secretary showing that the sales for the "three months had reached a total of 5:77,058, an increase of £14,211 over the corresponding quarter, and bringing the total increase for the 12 months up to date to £36,755, and the total sales to £203,060. An interim dividend of 3s. 2d. in the 1. was suggested. The membership of the society had increased by 354 on the quarter and stood at 12,346. The President move the adoption of the report in a brief speech, giving some striking features of the progress of the Society during the past 10 years and the report, together with the suggested interim dividend, was carried unanimously. The re-election unopposed of the president was next notified, Mr J W Bouehier who had been nominated having withdrawn for business and personal reasons. Mr J Green Chappell was re-elected auditor for the ensuing 12 months. The meeting decided that the Walking Day trip elould he run to London. The question had been raised by a letter from a correspondent as to some recognition being made by the society of the services of the late Mr F Monks, who has been connected with the society in its earlier years and had acted as its first Secretary. It was resolved" that we place on record on the minutes of the Society our appreciation of the services rendered by Mr Monks to the society." A suggestion had been made by the Committee for the erection of a Memorial Tablet but this did not meet with the favour of the meeting. Election of the members to fill three vacancies on the c.ommittee resulted in Mr Allen„Mr H Sinclair, and Mrs Maybury being placed upon the Board. The secreta-y gave a brief report of the work done up to the present by the ißenevolent Fund Committee.

'ed I

===== 0002601_19121207_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Infirmary—Children's Ball.

The c—ommittee which has this popular annual function in hand met at the Infirmary on Monday to discuss the arrangements. There was a large attendance with Mrs Harold Joseph in the chair. The ball was fixed for Jan. 7th 1913 and it promises to be as successful and enjoyable as in the past. The Mayor and Mayoress will receive the guests and the dances will be interspersed with pleasing enter- tainment. Mr Tames Henry Smethurst is the hon. secretary with Mr James Houghton as assistant hon. secretary. Ask for Whitbread's Famous Ales and Stouts In screw-bottles.—Sole agent, PgrEn. LEIGH, Horse- market SL—A dvt. A Publican's Failure. At the Bankruptcy Court yesterday, before Mr Registrar Ridgway, Henry Hurst, formerly licensee of The D...ck Hotel, Weston Point, Runcorn, appeared for his examination in bankruptcy. Statement of affairs showed liabilities of £497 1.4 s 10d and assets amounting to £lll Os 4d, leaving a deficiency of £356 14s 03. Debtor attributed his failure to lack of capital, decline in turnover owing to bad trade and his own ill-health during the whole of this year. The liabilities included .£2OO borrowed from his sister for which she held a valuable life policy. He had already offered a composition of 10s in the S., to his creditors and that offer still held good. Time examination was closed.

Presentation to Mr W Rigby. At the offices of the Richmond Gas Store and Meter Co., Ltd., on Saturday, Mr W Rigby, who has been with the firm for tweDty years, was presented by his colleagues on the staff with a gold watch, on leaviug to take up a new appointment as general secretary to the Catholic Friendly Societies Association. Mr Slack (director and secretary), in making the presentation, spoke highly of Mr Rigby's abilities, and said the company were losing a valuable servant. He wished him success in his new duties. (Applause.)— Mr Rigby, in responding, said he was sorry to leave the firm in whose service he had spent so many pleasant years, and he would always remember the happy relations which had existed between his colleagues and himself and which had found expression in the presentation. ANTHRACITE STOVES, clean, cheerful, smokeless, no Mmes.—Agent, J. S. GARLAND. 51, Bridge st. Warrington.—Advt.

Bold-street Wesleyan Choir. The members of the congregation of Bold-street Wes- leyan Chur:h were indebted to the choir for a pleasant evening on Thursday. A large audience assembled in the scho:droom and listened with interest to a choice and varied programme. The choir under the conductorship of Mr Frank Hickman, Ins reached a high stage of proficiency and evidence of its earnest work and capable training was forthcoming in the part songs "The Viking Song" (Coleridge Taylor) " In silent night" (Brahms), "Speak to me with thine eyes " (Elliott). " torrents in summer " " The bells of S. Michael's Tower" The ladies acquitted themselves well in " The Dancers" and "'the return of May" (Horrocks.) The programme also included songs by Mrs Arthur Booth, Miss D Lawton, Miss Bessie Brough, Miss Cartie Hastings, Mr Brocklehurst, Mr G Wilde, Mr Warburton, Mr McArthur and Mr A. H Dunn ; a pianoforte solo by Miss Elsie Walton and recitals by Mr H M Ashton. Mr Frank Hickman conducted and Miss Marian Weaver was the accompanist. Mr Alfred Silcock presided. Ask for Whitbread's Famous Ales and Stouts in screw-bottles.—Sole agent, PETZEL LEIGH, Horse- market st.—Advt.

The Philomathic Society. An interesting and vigorous debate on the subject of "Should the Parliamentary Franchise be extended to women ? " took place at the fortnightly meeting of The Warrington Philomathic Society, held at the Old Acadatny, Bridge Foot, on Wednesday night. The President (Mr James Ball) was in the chair and there was a good attendance of members. Mr A H Rathbone, who took the affirmative, pointed out that the extension of the Franchise was already past the experimental stage in several countries and had proved successful, but in Britain, in spite of numerous extensions of late years to males—with beneficial results, woman was still debarred from giving expression to her views by the means of the parlia- mentary vote. They were in many instances taxpayers, were bound by the laws of the country, entered numerous professions, and undertook various public duties, yet the all important item of citizenship was denied them. Mr Rathbone criticised fully the physical, intellectual and sentimental objections raised by the anti-suffragists, and submitted that no longer could the vote be refused on any logical grounds. The negative was taken by Mr N Neild, who opposed the giving of votes on the grounds that women were notoriously bad organizers, too prone to hysteria, and lacking in a sense of proportion. He contended that woman, controlled more ty impulse or instinct than reason, was totally unfitted to be enfranchised, and comidered that the evils of this attitude of Suffragism and Feminism would not lead to equalization but to demoralization, to the destruction of society. A keen discussion followed, in which Messrs E G Burgess, J Walsh, Dr Mellor, H H Taylor, and T E Knowles, took part. Messrs Rathbone and Nield suitably replied, and on the opinion of the meeting being taken the result was a victory for the negative by two votes.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
The Territorials. The current orders of the 4th Battalion Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment) state that Major G R Crosfield has taken over the command of the left half battalion, including Newton detach- ment, from Major F M Appleton V.D., Lieutenant Egerton Fairclough is promoted to the rank of captain, and second lieutenants Carlin Collingwood and Alfred Skinner are gazetted lieutenants. Lieutenant and Quartermaster G H Ingram has been appointed a member of the Regimental Institutes Committee.

District Federation of Liberal Clubs. A Warringtou District Federation of Liberal Clubs including a total membership of about 1,000, has been formed and admitted to the Lancashire County Federa- tion of Liberal Clubs. Affiliation to the rational Union of Liberal Clubs will follow as a matter of course for the Federated Clubs at Warrington. Among these are the Warrington Liberal Club, the Warrington Junior Liberal Club, the, Frodsham anti District Liberal Club and the Runcorn and Widnes Liberal Clubs Ask for Whitbread's Famous Ales _ and Stouts in

screw.bottles.—Sole agent, PETER LEIGH, ii7iB.3": market st.—Advt.

i Wesleyan Temperance Rally. The new " Methodist Temperance Movement formed the subject of an address by the Rev. Henry Carter, of London (Connexional Temperance secretary) at the Bewsey-road, Wesleyan Church last night. There was a good attendance, presided over by Mr J. G. Withinshaw. The rev, gentleman pointed out that the movement had already been started in the War- rington Wesleyan Methodist Circuit, branches having been established at Penketh and Latchford and as a result of last night's meeting branches were to be established in other churches of the circuit. The objects of the League were to enroll. Methodists,young and old, as abstainers and to give to all an opportunity of re-affirming their pledges. The League was being founded with great success in many parts of the county, over 1,200 branches having been already established.

CUTLERY.—Joseph Rodgers & Sons celebrated Knives and Forks, &c.—Agent, J. S. GARLAND, Bridge at.., Warrington.—Advt.

The Ist Latchford Cadet Corps. In connection with the above, a social and dance was held at the Assembly Rooms, Conservative Club, Sankey Street, on Tuesday evening. The Latchford Academy Orchestra, under the conductorship of Mr W Turner, opened the proceedings with a selection, this being followed by the song" Sentinel am I," by Mr W H Dutton, who sang in a very fine style. Mr Gordon B Starkey next contributed the humorous song " Handy Hints," his efforts to amuse being well appreciated. Madame Sara Silcock charmed the audience with her admirable rendering of the song "Dear Soul." Mr Alf Dutton contributed the musical monologue "The Green eye of the yellow God," with good effect. Tiny Doris Welsby's songs and dancing added a touch of spice to the proceedings. The quaint humorist, Mr Sam A ukland, was as successful as ever, in presenting his Lancashire yokelconcertina sketch, his imitations being very well appreciated. Another selection by the orchestra brought a very interesting programme to a close. The various musical items were accompanied by Misses E Butterworth and G Di Starkey. Refreshments were then served, the catering , being in the able hands of Mr J E Hannan. The orchestra, under the leadership of Mr W Turner played for the dancing, while .Mr J E Hannan and Sergeant Major J U McCollem acted as M.Cs., The proceedings of the evening were officiated over by the commanding officer of the corps, Mr J B Starkey. The cadets, under the command of Sergeant Kitchen, looked very smart in their uniform, much to the credit of the officers, this being their first appearance in public.

MESSRS RAPHAEL TUCK'S CHRISTMAS CARDS. " From Pole to Pole," is a title which we trust will not be deemed inappropriate in view of the immense range of novelties which the various departments of the noted firm of Tuck are submitting, suited as these are to the requirements of the public in every portion of the globe. Art value and commercial value ,characterise the entire collection, with its immense range of designs, in even a greater degree than in past years—and this from the smallest price to the more elaborate cards, which include a fine range of new Royal Christmas cards produced by the firm' for their Majesties- the King and Que4n and various other Royal Houses. No less than 3,000 new designs in Christmas and New Year cards challenge the admiration of the.world, and embody the choicest and most up to date ideas in artis- tic card designing. Some of the most notable designs are the " Broderie d'Art," a most delightful series in silk beautifully embellished by shaded mounts, the " Pen-and-ink Series, the "Moss Hand-painted," " Ye Olde Printe " the "Pastel Oilette' " " The Sport," the 'Rosebud Leaflets," the "Goodwill," and the "Giovanni Bellini" Series, every one of these and a host of other characteristic series being exquisitely rendered in their various methods of reproduction. There is also an immense selection of new boxed cards Chriatmas postcards, seasonable auto-stationery, and Christmas labels and seals—an inexpensive accessory for use with the presents which will be sent at the festive season. Among the art and toy novelties, " zsg-zaw " picture puzzles again form a fascinating feature, while some of the quaint mechanical card contrivances will be sure of a warm welcome among the youngsters. The calendars are pictorial gems of infinite variety and usefulness, while in toy books and painting books, there are wonderful examples of the pains taken to cater for the youthful generation. Father 'ruck's Annual has reached its fifteenth year, and is bigger, better, and more beautiful than ever.

C. JACKSON HOLMES, QUEEN'S CHAMBERS, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED INSURANCE BROKER IN THIS IMMEDIATE DISTRICT. All inquiries personally attended te.

In these bustling days when the risk of accident to life and property is ten times greater than it was a decade or two ago, the wise and prudent take the precaution to secure themselves against financial loss by Insurance.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
YOU HAVE HEARD ABOUT

DOWLING'S Wonderful ehristrnas eards Value in MAY WE SHOW YOU OUR STOCK AT F. J. DOWLING, 1453 Sankey Street, (Close to Bank Quay Bridge)

EYE-SIGHT IS YOUR

MOST VALUABLE FACULTY.

Your SUCCESS as a student, brain worker, business man, or tradesman, is largely dependent on good eye-sight. If you suffer from weak sight or headache, especially if so in the evenings, consult at once

a. JACKSON MOSS, D.8.0.A., Qualified Ophthalmic Optician 25, London Rd., STOCKTON HEATH.

.; • 4ititN • - , , . .

===== 0002601_19121207_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.1 I

===== 0002601_19121207_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19121207_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
On SATURDAY NEXT, DEC. 14th.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
' PRESENTATION WITH

THE EXAMINE

OF THE USUAL

Large Sheet Almanac

- EMBELLISHED WITH

===== 0002601_19121207_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURES OF

LYMM CROSS AND DINGLE.

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. ENTERTAINING FRIENDS AT THE WORKHOUSE.

Lively Debate.

The monthly meeting of the Board of Guardians was 'held on Wednesday in the Board Room at the Work- house. Mr EL Bent (presiding), Messrs A J Jolley, W Farness, A Brooks, W C Brooks, W Gill, J Backhouse,W Houghton J Billinge, 0 Mather, W Flanagan, J A Hughes, It Lee, J A Rusnworth, Dr Murray, Heys A M Mitchell and T R Matthews, Mrs Simpson, Mrs Collingwood, Miss Broadbent, Mr A Bottomley (clerk), Mr R I Partridge (assistant clerk), Mr C E Lawrence (superintendent of Padgate Schools), Mr W J Brown (master of the Workhouse). CHRISTMAS EXTRAS. The CLERK read out the Christmas extras which the committee had recommended. The supplies included beer, whereupon the Rev Mr-rcitett. asked the Chairman for the quantity to be supplied He understood beer was only to be supplied to a few of the inmates. Mr G MATHER said the beer would be supplied to inmates on Christmas Day as usual, except to the " ins and outs." The Rev MITCHELL : That is an advance in the right direction and much appreciated, THE FUNERALS OF INMATES. At a meeting of the House Committee further com- plaiuts having been received by the committee as to the conducting of the funerals from the Workhouse, it was recommended that the Clerk be instructed to write to the contractors informing them that in future four bearers similarly attired most assemble at the Workhouse and accompany the hearse to the Cemetery, walking in proper order and with decorous behaviour. At a meeting on November 29, a deputation of under- takers attended with reference to the complaint con- tained in the letter to the Board that when a death took place at the Union some persons, authorised or unauthorised, sent the name and address of the relative to an undertaker who then solicited the order for the funeral. Particulars were given of one or two cases where the relatives had been canvassed by an undertaker before the notice of the death had been received by them but no information could be elicited from the deputa- tion to enable the Guardians to find out how and by whom the reports of deaths were being given. The Chairman informed the deputation that the Guardians had considered the matter on previous occasions but had not been able to find the source from which the information came. The deputation could rest assured that the Guardians would do all in their power to stop a practice which every member of the Board strongly resented.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
ENTERTAINMENT OF VISITORS..

The Committee considered at length the question referred to them by the Board of the visiting of friends of officers to the workhouse. The Committee were satisfied that no rations purchased by the Guardians had been supplied at any time to any person in addition to the amount allowed to each officer and servant. The committee felt assured that the Guardians were desirous that the conditions of services of the indoor officers and servants should be such as to secure the greatest liberty and comfort, consistent with the proper dis- charging of the duties of each and were of the opinion that could be best secured by the exercise of dis- cretionary power being vested in the master in respect of the visit of friends and relations, to members of -the indoor staff, subject to the general control Of the House Committee and they recommended accordingly by 9 votes against I vote. Mr W C BROOKS contended that his charges could not in any shape or form be considered answered. The matter was not discussed at length. Mr BOTTOMLEY said at the committee mseting that he could not answer the question unless he really understood the motive which inspired Mr Brooks. Some kind of reply had been made that not one farthing of the ratepayers' money had been spent in entertaining these people. For a man to say that was simply "piffle" when they knew the true statement of facts. The CHAIRMAN: The charges were answered to the satisfaction of the committee. Mr BROOKS : Some members will accept anything from the officials at any time. The CITA IRM AN : We took a long time to consider it. - The CLERK ; On a point of order I absolutely deny the statement that I did not answer the charges of Mr Brooks in regard to the last item. Mr BRooKS : net is a matter of opinion. I am prepared to prove otherwise. Continuing, Mr Brooks raid he questioned the return made by Mr Brown, the Workhouse master. On Monday last he attended the offices with the object of going through the books, but the Master refused him that facility on the advice of the Clerk. He would further allege that the statement made by the Master was incorrect and a false one. He made that charge advisedly, and he was prepared to prove it. He had consulted Glenn's Poor Law Book, and it was there stated that it was the master's duty to allow any member of the Board to see the books if he so desired. The Rev A M MITCHELL asked if the names of the visitors who came to the Workhouse were duly recorded in the porter's book. Ile had no recollection that visitors who had stayed any length of time had been recorded. The CHAIRMAN: That is so ; the name of everyone who passes through the gate is recorded in the porter's book. Mr W BROOKS said the resolution of the committee was prepared by Mr Jolley and submitted by him and the members all fell in line with it. Several members spoke at the meeting including Mr Flanagan, Mr Hughes and Mr Rushworth. They were of the opinion that they could see no fault whatever in 'the officials entertaining their friends at the expense of the ratepayers.

Mr FLANAGAN: I must contradict Mr Brooks. I asked him if he had any other information other than that which he obtained from the porter's book to which he received a reply "You bad better ask me what I have got in my pocket. In his (Mr Flanagan's) opinion there were persons inside the House who were spying on their fellow officials and giving the information to some person or persons outside. Such conduct was a dastardly thing. 'Mr RCISHWORTII was of the opinion that there was nothing wrong. The food was supplied to the officials and if an official thought fit to give it to his friends when entertaining them, he thought he had a perfect right to do so. Mr BACKHOUSF. asked if Mr Brooks trade the assertion that the officials were abusing their privileges. The CHAIRMAN : It means practically speaking that the officials have been entertaining people here. Mr Brrooits : I said no such thing. Mr BACKOUSE : It appears Mr Brooks is making that charge. When an official bad to live inside the Workhouse he thought he was entitled to as many privileges and liberties as if be resided outside, The CLERK explained that in regard to the question of food the officers were allowed a certain amount of rations. He would like to correct a statement made by Mr Brooks with regard to the refusal to allow him access to the books, If any member of the Board came to the Workhouse for information such information would be supplied to him, This matter was referred to the House Committee, and the Master was asked to submit a return. It was rather a difficult task to prepare, becausethe had to find the people who had stayed in the Workhouse every night, and be could not tell exactly by the names in the porter's book. He had to go back for months, and had also to make inquiries from other officials. The Master had assured him that the return was made out as correctly as possible. The whole matter was dealt with by the committee. If Mr Brooks knew other informa- tion and he wished to assist the Master, why did he not correct the mistake? If he knew of any other person who could come in the Workhouse, he (Mr Bottomley) thought it was his duty at the committee meeting to assist Mr Brown in order that it might be dealt with by the committee. He thought if a Guardian wished •to see the books he first of all should have the authority of the Board. _ .

-. .---_. Mr A BROOKS said the question of a Guardian's authority had been thrashed out at South Manchester and the individual Guardian had lost his case. .

Mr IN FI,RNESS thought Mr Brooks ought to have the opportunity of supplying data and facts. In justice to Mr Brooks and the Master these facts ought to be produced. or the matter should be dropped. He agreed with Mr Backhouse that the workhouse was the home of the official for the time being and they ought to give a fair amount of latitude. Bawe they discussed the matter any further Mr Brooks ought to state whether or not he WM prepared to combat the statement made by the Master. Mr BROOKS lam prepared to combat those state- ments. He added that if the chairman would give him permission to go through the books he would at the next meeting prove his allegation. The CHAIRMAN : It was your duty to have told the committee at the time. . . . .

Mr BgooKs : I was not in a position to know that it was incorrect. Mr W FURNESS : HI am in order I move that Mr Brooks shall have that opportunity. Mr A J JOLLEY : The matter has heen carefully con- sidered and a decision arrived at by the committee. It was a reasonable decision and the7e was no reason to reject the minutes siuTly because of the suggestion made for further information. If the master had left out accidentally two or three cases it would not affect the general principle. As there was no amendment, the. minutes ,s ere confirmed.

Mr BROWN (the Workhouse master) said he went carefully through the books. Mr Brooks seemed BO strong on the point that he had got more information. Be was inclined to believe thit someone was poll- ing his leg. A short time ago when discussing the Christmas extras Mr Brooks told the committee that in addition to the extras ordinary food had been charged. Mr BROOKS : I did no such thing. The minutes were confirmed by 16 voted to 3. Mr W FURNESS moved and the Rev A M MITCHELL seconded that Mr W C Brooks should be allowed access to the books. This resolution was carried unanimously. MENTAL DEFICIENCY BILL. The Board passed the following resolution to be forwarded to Mr McKenna, the Home Secretary : " That the Government should be urgently requested to reconsider their decision with reference to the postponement of the much needed Mental Deficiency Bill and to give the necessary time for its passage through the House before the end of this session. The following resignations were accepted :—Mr and Mrs Clare, labour master and seamstress at the Work- house, and Mr Melling, male lunatic attendant at the Workhoune. rhe Board appointed ex-P.C. Dyson to the position lof night porter at the Workhouse at a salary of £72 Gs

===== 0002601_19121207_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TARIFF REFORM REFERENDUM.

Lord Lansdowne, speaking in London, on Wednesday evening, referred to the retracted pledge of a referen- dum in Tariff Reform, and gave his reasons for the dropping of the promise. Ile spoke in favour of a2s duty on foreign corn, and alleged that under the cir- cumstances it would fall upon the producer and not on the consumer.

In the Peterborough garden city scheme the cottages are to include a hall, sittiog-room, three bedrooms, bathroom and scullery, and the roads are to be adorned with flowering trees and shrubs and banks of flowers.

Henry George Livermore, a young lighterman, of Limebouse, was found dead in the cabin of a barge, the cause of his death being Euffocation produced by the fumes of a coke fire.

The Examiner, Saturday, December 7, 1912.

• our' • oga4 ttrithe,6l .c

===== 0002601_19121207_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Confirmation Services.

The Bishop of Liverpool administered the rite of confirmation on Tuesday afternoon at Holy Trinity Church. Sixty-five candidates were presented, includ- ing three from Wargrave. Later in the evening his lordship held a similar service at St Ann's Church, where a large number of candidates were presented. Mayor's Sunday. The Parish Church Parochial Magazine says :—"Most reverent and beautiful services were held at the Parish Church on Sunday, November 10th, the Sunday after the election of the Mayor. The Mayor and Corporation and various official bodies attended morning prayer, filling the seats in the centre of the church. In the evening a large congregation also assembled, the offer- tories on both occasions being for the choir, who acquitted themselves to everyone's satisfaction. The offertories for the day are a satisfactory testimony to the appreciation of the congregation of the services rendered by the choir. The following is a most kind and encouraging letter from the Mayor, who was evidently pleased with the arrangements and delighter, with the service Mayor's Parl‘wr, Town Hall War- rington, 15th November, 1912. Dear Canon Willis,— Allow me to thank you and through you the wardens of the Parish Church most sincerely for the admirable arrangements made on Sunday last for the comfort of myself and the members of the Corporation and officials. I also appreciated the sermon so ably preached by Mr Brett and the excellent music provided by the choir and organist.'"

===== 0002601_19121207_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Buckley-street, P.S A.

The monthly meeting of the above was held on Sun- day at three o'clock. There was a fair attendance when the chair was taken by Mr W Sinclair. Mr LieWelyn Cs'4B the speaker. The soloists were Misses JODf a and Wardle, their songs "Nearer my God to Thee" and " Flee as a Biro" being sweetly rendered. Mr H Woolley read the lesson.

St John's Presbyterian Guild. The members of the above Society met on Monday evening to hear a paper on "Folklore," by Mr T L Robins, the chairman being Rev gi Reid. In the lecturer's opening remarks he drew attention to the vastness of the subject. Everything seemed to come within its scope, life in its manifold forms, the elements, the whole universe teemed with legends, traditions, superstitions, the love of the people of bygone ages. After classifying the different branches of this study, the speaker proceeded to give illustra- tions of legends etc. bolding sway in different countries and then to bring the matter nearer home spoke of the folklore of Cheshire and surrounding counties. A most entertaining evening was spent and a general discus- sion followed the lecture.

Bold-street Wesleyan Church. Ile preacher on Sunday evening vvas the Rev Hugh Williamson, 8.A., choosing for his text "He is despised of men—but He shall see of the travail of His soul and be satisfied." Mr Williamson went on to speak of the lonely souls of human history, and the work which they have accomplished. "Vox populi, vox Dei " is an easy doctrine to accept, but its acceptance fails to make men of stamina. Moreover it is not all truth, for the popular catch cries are oft-times the voice of the Evil One. The voice of history testifies to this. The lonely souls of science, literature, art and music, whose wisdom was received with scot:flags, have proved them- selves the saviours and redeemers of the childien of men. So in the realms of spiritual truth and biblical knowledge, the multitude has not infrequently been wrong, and has perpetrated the greatest tragedies of history. To listen to the crowd, to follow the popular fancy is equivalent to shutting the ears to the personal message of God to the individual soul. In spite of what Carlyle said, it is often very necessary to get rid of hero worship, and learn that in the common people there is the capacity for doing something really great. Men must be willing to be Nonconformists in the real sense, willing to listen solely to God's call, if they are to serve their fellows, and enrich the world.

Wycliffe P.S A. Society. There was a poor attendance on Sunday, in conse- quence of the wintry weather. Mr Harold Gray pre- sided and spoke upon "Our privilege to be co-workers with God." Mr Acock, of London, gave an address, his subject being " The futility of war." The world, he said, was bankrupt, because of war equipments. He spoke of the fallacy of preparing for war to ensure peace, likening it to individuals carrying revolvers with the same object. Weapons were apt to be used. Attacks had a motive. When there was peace in the air, motives for war had a poor chance. War often meant as great a loss to the victor as the vanquished. The idea of " beggar my neighbour" was played out. War brought misery and pain as well as poverty. 11l fortune to other countries brought misfortune to our: selves. With our Lord we must work for peace, and pray that peace counsels might prevail all over the world. Mr Joseph Owen read the lesson. The Chair- man led the prayer. The President invited members to sign a petition, praying the Watch Committee to make use of their powers to prevent Sunday trading in Warrington. One new member received a cordial welcome.

St. John's Presbyterian Church. Preaching at St John's on Sunday evening last from Job xxiii, 10, the Rev NV Reid said man was made for happiness, or rather blessedness, a condition in its very nature eternalt and which demanded a Manhood perfect. The Divine wisdom to realise this operated through joy and suffering. The joy of life in every or at least nearly every, instance, greatly outstripped the suffering, but the discipline was indispenable, and the Hebrew writer thought of it as the refiner's crucible. After all man's attitude determined the value of discipline. That of the stoic, regarding all things as a blunder, and harden- ing the nature against it, served only to dwarf the man and missed the refiner's object. Again to deny pain and affirm all disease a delusion was to deny the efforts of all religious and social warriors and the continued fight against suffering led by Christ himself, and led eventually to basest selfishness. The way of progress was the acceptance of the law of sacrifice It held in the spheres of natural science,education and commerce. It was acknowledged by Christ as the only way of salvation and by him left as a legacy to his followers. The end was gold—pure and without alloy, to be removed from the crucible when the perfect expression of the refiner's face could be reflected therein.

Rev. John Yonge at Wycliffe Church. The Rev. John Yonge, for the first time since his retirement in June last, preached morning and evening on Sunday, in Wycliffe Congregational Church, and his re-appearance in the pulpit was cordially welcomed by his many Wycliffe friends. He spoke apprecia- tively of the innovation which had been made of devoting a portion of the morning service to the young people, and in a charming manor he told a story to the children illustrating the harm which often followed from insisting upon things which their elders warned them against. His sermon was based on the text " Thy shoes shall be iron and brass and as thy days so shall thy strength be." (Deut. 33c. 25v). He stated that even to-day after the lapse of more than 30,0u0 years these golden words would kindle enthusiasm in those who earnestly pondered them. God looked for integrity of purpose and to such He promised what he always performed—that according to their necessities would be His bestowals. We lived from day to day in the faith of that assurance. Sometimes when it looked to us as if God bad forgotten to be gracious, was it not a fact that the failure was on the human side ? There were those who might be thinking that his representation of God as personally watching the individual lives of men, knowing their condition and mrcumstances, and suiting His mercy to their daily need was fanciful, unreal and impossible, but from personal experience he could assure his hearers of the truth of God's personal care of men, and there were many who could bear witness of this. "We have redemption through His blood, even the forgiveness of sins " (Colossians i., 14). That text, he said, was the key-note of the New 'testament. There were some Christian people who said otherwise. Powerful classes of Christian thought, voiced by able and eloquent teachers and learned thPologians, told them that the true key-note of the New Testament was the call to the better life which came from the character and teaching of Jesus Christ. Human , redemption, these people contended, was to come through the evolution cf a pure and lofty character resulting from loyal and faithful acceptance of the teachings of Christ and obedi- ence to his beautiful example, lie ventured to say that before any man could truly and effectively follow the perfect example; before he could put himself into complete accord with the teachings of Jesus there was a previous question to deal with. Man was a sinner by his nature. The earliest realising con- sciousness of an earnest soul as it came into contact with God was the sense of shortcoming and sin. The deepest note of the human heart was the naed of divine forgiveness. The preacher proceeded to speak of Christ's atunement for human sin as declared in the New Testament and commended it to his hearers as a sub- ject of earnest personal thought. The communion was after wards celebrated.

The Late Mr. E. C. Cooper. 'The Parish Church Magazine says :—" We have lost, to our grea tregret, a late officer of the church and a most regular attendant at our services; Mr E C Cooper. Ever since his arrival some ten years ago he has taken a great interest in the church, and his daughter has been one] of our most devoted helpers. ft was the wish of the family that the funeral service should be held in the church, and it accordingly took place on Tuesday, November 12th, and Was attended by the Rector and the Rey A J Bratt and other officers of the church."

===== 0002601_19121207_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSING BILL PASSED.

The discussion on the Bill for the Housing of the Working Classes was concluded at the weekly meeting of the Parliamentary Debating Society on Thursday evening. The Deputy-Speaker (Mr J McDermid), presided. A division was taken on the Bill and the Government escaped defeat by the narrow majority of two votes. Some of the Socialist members abstained from voting, or otherwise the measure would have been defeated. In the absence of Mr C D Parkinson (the member for I Preston), the discussion was re-opened by Mr F It ISHERWOOD (the President of the Board of Agriculture), who confined his remarks to a criticism of the speeches of Liberal and Socialist members at the previous sitting. He contended in opposition to Mr C E Parker that if they taxed land on which there was no property they were putting a hindrance in the way of the person who was willing to build upon it. The Bill was a con- scientious effort on the part of the Government to do something at least to alleviate the suffering and the trials of the working classes Mr G DAVEY SMITH (L Gainsborough), offered the most uncompromising opposition to the measure. A few weeks ago the Prime Minister spoke to them some kind words and said that hard hits might be expected from the Government, from time to time, but the hope was expressed that they should take them in Pick- wickian sense. He was going to ask the Government to accept his remarks in a Pickwickian sense He was sick and wearied to death of the cant and hypocrisy underlying all that had been said in the name of and under the disguise of social reform. It was not social reform at all but simply a vote catching measure. There were other problems which must be faced before they could touch the question of housing. The Bill only proposed to help that class of people who could best help themselves. The £500,000 which they proposed to dole out annually was not a great sum. Such an amount would be needed in Warrington alone for at least half-a-dozen years before they could really touch the problem. Whilst the Conservatives were talking of raising huge sums for the Navy and asking the people to subscribe, yet they were offering only half-a-million per annum for the saving of lives. Democracy was fast gripping the reins of the Government in the country and in less than one generation it would demand more than they were diving in their Bill. Mr A D HEYS (Ind., Leamington) said, in dealing with such a question, great difficulties had to be met owing to the indifference which characterised the lower classes. Many homes were notoriously unhealthy because of the way they were overcrowded. The proper control of housing constituted an important element in the matter. They lived in days of industrial unrest, but the question of housing reform did a good deal towards fomenting unrest. There were only two alternatives in dealing with the question :—(1) The community prevailing upon employers to pay a decent wage ; (2) the community must be prepared to provide decent houses for the people, even though Bt a loss. He was of the opinion that the latter course would be adopted in the country.

The Rev Dr MELLOR (Socialist,lludderstleld) thought that the limitations of party politics were the curse of the whole political situation, and these limitations had seriously hampered the Government in the formulating of this measure. Be felt sure the introducer would have said more had he dared, but he had a feeling that party traditions had to be main- tained. The continued presence of the caucus and party tradition was utterly stilling the free expression of opinion. He did not blame the President of the Local Government Board ; he rather nitied him. and he seriously invited him to cross the floor of the House. (Laughter.) The Bill, in his opinion, suggested that there vsas a class which could confer benefits upon some other class beneath it. It seemed to be the idea of the Conservative and Liberal parties that if they only pot the workers of the country into better dwel- lings they would become contented, which meant that capitalists hoped by better housing, clothing and feed- ing and insurance against sickness, to secure a healthier and more efficient set of wage slaves. (Socialist applause.) No legislation would be satisfactory unless it attacked the economic system at its roots. A Bill which would directly control industry by the workers they as Socialists would work, but any other legislation they regarded with suspicion. Discontent was born not simply because of a distaste for the slums, a dislike tor poverty, but because of a growing sense of the fundament,l wrongfulness and injustice of our present economical system. God forbid that any sort of legislation should make the workers contented. What they wanted was more discontent. MrJL WARBURTON (C., West Bristol) confessed that it would require a lawyer to declare whet the Bill meant. He would prefer it more substantial measure. Mr E HANDLES (80C', Jarrow), remarked that the Liberal and Tories were to blame for the conditions the people were living in to-day. Tne builder deserved flogging for erecting such houses. The object of the Bill was not that the Government wanted to make people cleaner but was simply to make more dividends for the capitalists.

• Mr P BRisav (L,St Pancras),said so far as the Liberal Party was concerned all remedial measures were not introduced with the idea of contenting the incrividual, but that he was to get justice and more and better results for the labours he put forword and for his reproductions. He agreed with the suggestion that dis- content necessitated remedial legislation. One of the Socialist speakers bad put forward the contention that the owner of the slum property ought to be penalised instead of compensated. He would to recall a statement of Mr Joseph Chamberlain who Once said that a man who owned insanitary property and who had had notice to improve it and disregarded that notice, had no more right to com- pensation than a man in possesssion of bad meat which bad to be destroyed. The measure before the House was really to amend the Bill of 1890 which was intro- by a Conservative Government when there was no nasty itadizal House of Lords to bother them. (Laughter.) It went through the House of Commons but it had never been taken up by any municipality in Great Britain. Talk about g iillotinine measures !Chat Bill ought to have been strangled before it went up to the House of Lords. (Applause). Mr C DUKES (Soo., West Ham.) said be was afraid that in the past they had suffered from the co-opera- tion of the landowners and the authorities. They bad also too many j.trry builders, who had caused the slum dwellings. Individualism had failed to provide healthy conditions for the workers. The upper classes were afraid of discontent and they were prepared to throw any kind of doles to the workingclasses. In the amendment to the Bill suggested by the Socialists, it was recommended that where local housing com- mittees were established that only trade unionists should be eligible for election. Other people did not understand the requirements of the workers as those men did. -

Mr J MCDERMID (Cons., Paisley), who vacated the Speaker's chair to address the House, said there was a good deal of misconception with regard to the question of compensation. The Bill did not propose to compen- sate the owner of insanitary dwellinEs unless the build- ing area after demolition was left for the use of the community. The Socialist party had no practical remedy for the evils which existed ; when it came to putting these ideals into practice they were sadly deficient.

Councillor HAWTHORN (Lib., Montrose) remarked at the outset that they were not discussing Socialism and remarks to that effect ought to be left for a more opportune time. He thought the Bill would not fulfil the desires which the promoters had at heart. Such a reform would Dot be settled by the expendtiure of half a million of money. It was a question which went back for manyiyears in the history of this country slum dwellings had arisen owing to the inadequate knowledge of the people who built them. They had advanced in their knowledge with re:;ard to building and that would ..ave an effect on the housing question in thJ future. There was a tendency at the present time for people to move out of the town into the country. The Insurance Am would have an important bearing on the question of housing reform. After Mr NIELD (President of the Local Government Board) had replied to the discussion a division was taken and resulted as follows, 15 for and 13 against.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS PROFITS AND RATES. MANCHESTER ENGINEERS' VISIT TO ST. HELENS.

The quarterly meeting of the Manchester District Institution of Gas Engineers was held on Saturday at St Helens,where they were received in the Gasworks by the president, Mr S Glover, gas engineer of St Helens. Tbe members inspected with considerable interest the latest installation of the Glover-West vertical retorts for the carbonisation of coal, a system which has lately been adopted by many large corporations and gas companies in the United Kingdom and abroad. Subsequently they were entertained to luncheon at the Town Hall, where they were officially received by the Mayor, Councillor J Crooks' 3.1?., who is the chair- man of the Gas Committee. His Worship said the Manchester District Institution of Gas Engineers had been of great benefit not only to the members, but to the community at large. Notwithstanding the keen competition that gas had to contend with it was still well able to hold its own, but it behoved those inter- sated in gas to be on the alert. Ile concluded by pro- posing the toast of the Institution to which Mr Glover responded. Mr J C Belton of Chester, proposed the toast of "The St Helene Gas Committee,, 'and remarked that in 1882 they were carbonising 12,000 tons of coal in St. Helens, but this year they carbonised 50,000 tons. The price of gas was 3s 2d per 1,000 cubic feet, and to-day is 11_1(1. The consumers of that day, out of a popula- tion of 60,000, were only 4.46 per cent., but to-day out of a population of 96,000 they were 1823 per cent —17,500 against 2,600. Those figures were a record of magnificent progress. St. Helens was to-day supplying cheap gas of a good quality, and at the same time making handsome contributions to the relief of the rates. He was glad to say those contributions did not come to the same proportion as in other corporate towns, where practically the whole of the gas profits were appropriated to the relief of rates. From the standpoint of a company gas engineer he could not say that the appropriation of profits for

===== 0002601_19121207_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19121207_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
SCAFFOLDING FATALITY. INQUEST AND VERDICT.

An inquest was held at the Coronet's Court on Tues- day by Mr Brighouse, into the circumstances of the (loath of Henry Kettle, aged 32, boilermaker's labourer, 28, Laira-street, who died in the Infirmary on Friday of last week, as the result of a scaffolding accident at the works of Itlessrs J Croatiald and Sons Ltd.

Mr Pollard, ELM. Inspector of Factories, C 170.9 °resent Mr A Browne appeared on behalf of Messrs E Forshaw and Co. Ltd., by whom Kettle was employed, and Mr T E Knowles on behalf of Mr IV S Steel for the relatives.

It was explained by the Coroner that Messrs Forshaw and Co. had a contract with Messrs Crosfield and Sons to erect an oil tank. On November 27th a scaffold was placed inside the tank for the purpose of building on the roof. The scaffold was tested on the Wednesday night. At 7.30 the next morning Kettle with five other men commenced to get the roof supports on the scaffold. They had been woniing for two hours, when without any warning the whole structure collapsed, and every- body with the exception of a man named Yates fell to the bottom. Kettle died in the Infirmary. William Hilson, 34,Ellesn3ere-street, boilermaker,said he was sent by Messrs For.haw to superintend the erection of the scaffolding After the work was finished he tested it by jumping on the planks. He was perfectly satisfied it was quite safe. They had been working on Thursday morning about half-an•hour when the scaffolding collapsed.

I The Coroner : Wh-at is your opinion as to the cause? Witness : The morning was frosty and it might have been that the structure was slightly over loaded. The Coroner: Did you say to the police that in your opinion the scaffolding gave way through the standard which was pieced by a plank ?—Yes. By Mr Pollard : Have you ever seen a nine inch plank fastened to another plank which was only four inches in diameter ?—Yes. we do it on other jobs. Dr Law, senior house surgeon at the Infirmary, said that the cause of Kettle's death was fracture of the spine. Bartholomew Walsh, general labourer, who assisted in the erection of the scaffold, stated that when asked his opinion of it he remarked that it was a nice piece of work, but in his mind the utmost support ought to have reached the top instead of being pieced, or it should have been lashed instead of being nailed. He also said it was Ifilson who was going to the top, and not himself. On Thursday he was working at the bottom of the scaffold when he heard a noise, and look- ing up saw the centre giving way through one of the uprights breaking where it had been pieced. He bad doubts of the scaffold from the first, and when not forced to go on the weak part, kept as far away from it as possible. Another workman named Yates said when the scaffold was erected on Wednesday night it was quite safe. The Coroner said the weak points a bout the scaffold was that the pole, not being high enough was elongated by a piece of wood of a different character. The scaffold collapsed unaccountably for no reason what- ever or because it was not constructed properly. The jury ret u.ned a verdict that death was caused accidently through the upright giving way. They expressed the opinion that the upright ought to have been lashed with a rope as well as nailed.

After an existence of one hundred years, the " new " friendly society at Halherton has come to an end. The sixteen remaining members received ten guineas each from the funds that remained.

After living together happily for over twelve months in one kennel at a Belvedere (Kent) hotel, a family consisting of a spaniel, wirehaired terrier, a black cat, four pigeons, a bantam cock, and n tortoise, has been dissolved, the spaniel killing the birds.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
FAMOUS WOMEN SOLDIERS.

[COPYRIGHT.]

A WILD IRISH GIRL. Tho wars of William of Orange and Queen A.nne afford quite a number of examples of dash- mg women who actually enlisted in the army. ionning masculine array, for the sake of fol- 'awing husbands or lovers to the field. Chrie- tian Cavenang,h was a remarkable instance. ;limping, dare-devil Irish girl, riding and working about a farm, and brought up in all tho excitement of was and the company of troopers, Christian took to the wearing of the breeches as a duck takes to water. She married yodng potman, who afterwards -went to the wars; and the determined grass-widow set out valiantly to search for him. She cropped her hair, dressed herself in f! 'suit of her husband's clothes, and equipped with a silver-hilted sword, and 50 guineas sewn into the waistband of her breeches. repaired to the "Golden Last," and offered her" self as a soldier to fight the French. The young ensign rejoiced over the acquisition of such e smart young recruit, and Christian joined the Grand Army in the Netherlands, as Private Christopher Welsh, • of Captain Tichbourne's foot. She was under fire in a very short time. and was wounded in the leg in her first engage meat, and afterwards, while "invalided" fronl active service, was detailed to work on repair- ing the dykes, waist-deep in water, and an one occasion was almost drowned. But nothing daunted the plucky young Irisb- woman. After a spell as -a French prisoner, sh,e set out upon a series of private conquests, an' still "tried all points as a man," broke the heart of a burgher's pretty daughter, and pinked her sergeant in a duel. Her next apPear: ance under arms is as a gay light dragoon the siege of Namur; the quest of the missing husband evidently quite abandoned in the el" citements of war. At Namur, Bonne, and 1111: the girl-dragoon was still in action; and fhot4o,',a; severely wounded more than once, managed still- to keen her EqX a secret. at It was while escorting prisoners to Breda, _ Christian came by chance upon, her lost hu% band in the act of kissing a fat Dutch " crow' The incident gave Christian an excuse for De' fusing to resume feminine attire; and she con - tinned her career as a dragoon, until o. severe_ headwound placing her under the doctor, her secret became known, and she was establish as cook to the general. Christian ended he' days a Chelsea Pensioner, at the robust age Of 103.

A ROMANTIC CAREER. Thee is a strong flavour of romance abo,4 our next woman-soldier. Mary Anne Talbot, ,"(1 -vas 'born in 1778. and claimed to be the natnra

_ child of Lord William Talbot. (tacliiidflinlteutcelicieeassi2.tl iietoioathfinve iafifngotguotiuis.: aegahriT(fo oaiohnitaisisnhaaitggp;.; The child received the careful nurture alada, eaasgoelnoef P°6l4 ant; were original ae omCraiagnpi,nst aailin"Bao sov ef n ,tho; fittea Mary Ann up with a boy's suit, and to 1111 ok ber with him as ,his foot-boy, in the name Taylor. an board ship, the girl, thus attire"' wa,; sent to live with the rough sailors, and uPor" landing he offered her the choice of enlistiag 3° a drummer or being sold as a slave. Mary Anne chose the lesser of two evil«, nna at the siege of Valenciennes she marched in, gal- lantly beating her drum, at the head of her ret- ghne n t. Captain Bowen had fallen in the figh • and Mary Anne, rifling his napers, discovered & clue to her parentage. To follow this 11P, abeac- serted from the army, and in the dress of itz4 bluejacket, shipped as cabin-boy on a Frene craft. To her dismay, however, the Frenehma,n_. engaged with 'a British ship, and Mary Anne: refusal to fight. her fellow-countrymen trner punished with the rope's end, which led t{) discovery. She was sent aboard the English --wr miral's ship. where she did duty as Powde•r; capto monkey, and was later cabin-boy to llarvey. After dreary months as a prisoner of war Dunkirk, and further sea wanderings' e€ • privateer, Mary Ann took up her abode _la London, and was a comrade of the highwaYr"_, Haines, who was hung in chains on Bounslo: Heath. After this lawless episode, Mary Ann_ was in some favour with the great, who Pr' vided her with a comfortable pension. figured in the Royal procession to St. Paul s; when, the colours captured in Flanders vet. hung there; and made the bracelets worn I"ci the Queen there—a craft which she had learne in the French prison. A picture of 3far,l Anne shows her to have been a remarkebil beautiful young woman. -

•1

1

===== 0002601_19121207_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
ROUBLE

Buy one of ou Delicious Rich Plum Puddings.

J. Finlayson gives you cordial invitation to inspect his large and magnificent display of Jewellery, Silverware, &c., &c., suitable for above, and invites you to compare prices before purchasing elsewhere.

We have a splendid Range of inexpensive' and artistic designs of the Jeweller and Silversmith's Art at prices to suit every purse.

Illustrated Xmas List free on application.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19121207_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

A KEEN "BOBBY."

With respect to the Chief Constable's suggestion as to the special training, of his men,not merely in police duties, but in legal questions, may I give a leaf or two out of the book of my own experience? When I lived in the West Riding of Yorkshire, a young fellow who had joined the county police was sent from headquarters to the town in which I was stationed. I soon had occasion to "take knowledge " of him. As I have previously stated in this column, I have personally known as constables quite a number of men who now occupy responsible and lucrative posts in connection with important constabulary forces ; and the recruit now in question displayed the characteristics of the most successful of these He took his profession very seriously, and it was plain that he was destined to make steady headway. The outward and visible signs of his grim determination were sometimes rather amusing. Once I met him bearing along in evident triumph an old copy of Stone's 'Justices' Manual," with which a friendly local solicitor had enriched his store. Observ- ing high glee, I pointed to the comparative age of the edition. " Oh, yes," said the p siiessor of the prize, "it's a bit out of date, of course—l couldn't expect to be presented with one of the latest ; but quite a lot of it must still be good law, and when I'm off duty and at liberty t sit quietly by the fire at home I shall enjoy studying this! " After all, the more a policeman knows of such matters, the less likely he is to be betrayed into serious indiscretion when called upon to act on his own initiative in some sudden emergency. PROFESSIONAL JEALOUSY. The late superintendent of the Wakefield division, now retired on superannuation and resident in Southport, was an officer of that stamp. When I made his acquaintance he had the rank of sergeant, being first in the office and afterwards on an outside section. Whatever he could lay hands on that was calculated to be of service to one in his position he eagerly devoured; EO that when he became superin- tendent, and had occasion to cross words with legal gentlemen in court, he generally contrived to hold his own. He took especial care indeed, to have the latest law at his finger ends, for he had a standing order with the King's printers to send him a copy of every new Act of a character requiting police administration. Once, in my hearing, an old advocate who had long practised in that Court, and who was defending a prisoner against a police charge, interposed with a very plausible technical objection. The superintendent promptly rose to cite fatal contrary authoi ity, and the disgusted lawyer, anticipating the result, answered, "Oh, y u'll pass your final yet." THE ROAD HOG. The fact that the scorching motorist has been so much with us of late leads me further to remark how the same police superintendent had that tr mblesorne customer hoist with his own petard. The authorities of a borough , within the area over wh:ch he had con- trol decided to apply for powers to impose a speed limit upon drivers of automobiles within their boun- daries. This was strongly restnti d by one or two wealthy local motorists, and at the public inquiry which ensued they were actively assisted by the big guns cf the powerful national union of which they were members and succteded in defeating the attempt of the Corporation. I asked the supernitt ndelit of p 'lice what he thought of this, and he assured me be was heartily glad of it. He went on to explain that, while proof of precise speed might conceivably be very difficult, it was always open to charge an offender with driving to the danger of the public, aid, that being in every way preferable from the point of view of the police, he was unfeignedly delighted by the prospect of compulsory retention of the old form. Prosecutions soon followed, with invariable success. COOL AUDACITY. This was more than the motorists had bargained for. What they had really, though of course not con- fessedly, contended for, was liberty to lush to and fro with the velocity of express trains, using the King's highway as a racing track, and involving us perpetu- ally in the perils of a railway level crossing. The magistrates and local gentry in general had been accustomed more or less liberally to respond to an annual appeal made by the police on behalf of one of their chat itable institutions, and when a change occurred in the suptrintendency of that division— bye-the-bye I am not now nor have I for a while been writing of Wakefield - the road hogs, evidently believing in the absolute power of money bags, thought to corrupt the police and by undue influence prevent further C tart proceedings so far as they were con- cerned. The constable on the beat of one of these called for the customary guinea subscr:ption to the police orphanage. It was handed to him with the remark that the donor gave it on the understanding that if the constable should happen at any time to see him motoring at a speed which he might deem rather txcessive, he was not to take official notice of the circumstance ! The man in blue very properly declined to accept it on any such conditions; he civilly thanked the supposed "gentleman," discreetly adding that he must report to his superior the terms accompanying the offer. It is hardly necessaly to state that the subscription has not since been asked for. A LOCAL SCANDAL. Speaking to a vote of courtesy at last week's gather- ing of young folk at the "Gym." Mr. J. Moore Murray took occasion to call public attention to and to protest against the worse thin foolish horeeplay in which certain classes of Warrington lads and lasses systematically indulge in Sankey-street on Sunday nights. That which so sorely vexes and perplexes Mr Murray has equally puzzled social reformers and lovers of their kind, especirlly those who had particularly at heart the welfare of the rising race, in various Lancashire and 'Yorkshire towns in which I have worked in the course of the last 40 years. In the earlier part of that period, those to whom was com- mitted the maintenance of law and order had a short and simple,and at the same time quite ffestive, way of their own of dealing with the disorderly youngsters. I have at this moment vividly before my mind a picture of a plain clothes "bobby" armed with a stout strap which he carefully concealed about his ample person until he came upon a group of noisy boys and girls obsiructing the footpath or behaving after the shameless fashion of their kind. With all the power of his strong right arm he would speedily disperse the genuinely frightened crowd in all directions ; but they did not escape wiihout two or three of the erring lads having received the full weight of the formidable strap on that part of the anatomy supposed to have been designed by nature for convenient castigation. This, undoubtedly did a great deal of good, for the youths never knew when or where the dreaded strap would turn up next, and I for one am really sorry that such methods are now-a-days out of the question. Naturally, the police, who might report them for disorderly. conduct, are loth to institute legal proceedings against these misguided young folk. Still, as it appears to be the only alternative, I think the authorities would be quite justified in making a raid for once in a while. Ido not need to be reminded that, in case of an occasional wholesale issue of summonses followed by txemplary penalties, the 'punishment would largely fall upon parents who would have to pay the fines. I am, how- ever, by no means sure that these can be held blame- less in a matter of this kind. The moral is fairly obvious, and one need not " rub it in." INFANTS ADMITTED. A kindred 'question is raised by the resolution of the Watch Committee to communicate with the pro- prietors of places of public entertainment, respecting the admittance of young children "on their own" to evening performances. I know of at least one town (in fact I was a resident of the locality when the step was taken) where the authorities had a definite under- standing with amusement caterers on this very point every time application was made to them to issue an entirely new licence or to renew an old one. Surely the powers that be have all such things in their own hands. Anyhow, it worked admirably in the case to which I have referred, the understanding that unattended " kids" of 16 and under should be excluded being honourably observed —with exceed ingly beneficial results. MISS HORNIMAN. The enthusiastic and extremely praiseworthy actor- manager, whose company is giving " Hindle Wakes" at the Royal Court Theatre this week, is a highly diverting and most useful lecturer on subjects asso- ciated with the art which she has so profitably made her own. 1 was present at one of her characteristic

Iyour child is fretful, it is most likely that his stomach is out of order. Remember that Steedman's Powders are unrivalled for regulating the bowels. This medicine contains Do poison or narcotic.

deliverances on the East Lancashire border not very long ago, and it certainly was a treat. Warrington is well in the forefront of communities among whom lectures are successfully promoted, and some of the best people in this line have from time to time been thus engaged in connection with one or the other of our local institutions. Perhaps scmebody will take the hint. Miss Horniman strikes me as singularly ready to oblige her friends with a lecture.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
re ,

===== 0002601_19121207_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
P,1,••^•",-,"•'-^"W\e/-1,-'\"•/ ICHILDREN'S CORNER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB. N,-,‘"weN.e.,‘"wN,--."‘"v-•‘"%ti

A CLEVER ELEPHANT.

There is no limit to the tameness and cleverness of an elephant if he is taken young and put in training. The story which I am going to give comes from India and is per- fectly true. An English gentleman who lived in India bought an elephant as a plaything for his two boys. The elephant took quite a fancy to the boys and so devoted was he that the father felt quite safe in leaving the boy under its care. _ _ .

One day the elephant and the two boys went off on a tramp together. They remained away so long, however, that the father became anxious, and finally went to look for them. After searching for some time, he came to the river bank, and there a funny sight met his eyes. The great elephant was standing knee-deep in the mud, with a happy small boy squatting on either side of him, and all three were fish- ing just as hard as they could. The boys held their rods in their hands, and their companion held his with his trunk. By and by, the elephant's line gave a flop, and the boys crowded up to see whether it really meant that he had caught a fish. He had, and while the big brute watched them solemnly, and they pulled out the line, detached the fish, and then, putting on another worm, gravely handed the rod back to its owner. A RHYME FOR LITTE FOLK. Oh, tell you a story that nobudy knows, Of ten little fingers and ten little toes, Of two pretty eyes and one little nose, And whore they all went one day. Oh, the little led nose smelled something sweet, So sweet, it must surely be nice to eat; And patter away went two little feet Out of the room one day. Ten 'Me toes climbed up a chair Two eyes p•epel over a big shelf, where Lay a lively cake, all frosted and fair, Made by mamma that day. The mouth gl ew round, and the eyes grew big,

At taste of Cho sugar, the spice, the fig:, And two little fingers went dig, dig, dig, In tl e cake that day.

And uhen mamma kissed a curly head, Cuddling it cosily up in bed, "I wonder was th(re a mouse," she said,

" Out on the shelf to-day? ' "Oh, mamma, yes," and a laugh of glee Like fairy bells rang rneriily, "But the little bit of a mouse was me,

Out on the shelf to-day." THIS WEEK'S STORY. "What dirty hands you have, Johnnie," said his teacher. "What would you say if I came to school like that ?" "I wouldn't say nothin'," replied Johnnie. " I'd be too polite."

===== 0002601_19121207_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN GROOM'S CRIPPLEAGE AND FLOWER GIRLS' MISSION.

Exhibition at Warrington The attention of our readers is called to the six days' grand floral exhibition and sale of beautiful artificial flowers, made entirely by blind and crippled girls,which will commence on Monday next, in connection with the late seventh Earl of Shaftesbury's Watercress and Flower Girls' Christian Mission. The exhibition will be opened at three o'clock in the afternoon of December oth at the Parr Hall, and will remain open for a week.A contingent of the afflicted girls will be at work each afternoon and evening in making various kinds of flowers. No paper flowers will be made. The exhibi- tion will be open each following day from it a m to 9.30 pm. There will be no charge for admission. Refreshments will be provided at moderate charges, and there will be musics each afternoon and evening. A correspondent ss rites :—" Amongst all the innumerable , organisations IA bleb are doing noble work in the cause ' of philanthropy to-day, there is none, we think, of a more practical character than Mr Groom's splendid Industrial Training Homes for the afflicted, blind and crippled girls of the United Kingdom. How to provide for the blind, crippled, or otherwise afflicted of the population, especially of the gentler sex, and of the lowest possible rank of society, is obviously a difficult problem. The Crippleage solves it. It takes these unfortunate girls under its wing, gives them a home and elevating surroundings, and teaches them a useful and refining business, namely, that of the manufacture of artificial flowers. At the present moment there are three hundred of these girls in the Crippleage. They come from all parts of the United Kingdom ' • they are afflicted and physically incapacitated, blind, partly paralysed, without legs, or only one hand. They are received into the home because no one else will receive them. Surely such a work as this commands our sup- port." Full particulars are advertised elsewhere.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY ENDURE RHEUMATISM p

There is no need to endure rheumatic suffering a day longer. Here is aprescription that you can have made up at any chemist's, which has for years been in wide and successful use; it rapidly relieves aad cures even the worst cases of uric acid, backache. sciatica, lumbago, and kidney and bladder troubles. Cut this cut :—One ounce bottle of liquid Barkola compound, one ounce syrup of rhubarb, one ounce infusion of Gentian (BP.), and 5 ounces syrup of ginger. Mix together well. Take a teaspoonfuf after meals and at bedtime. In cases of very severe pain, where immediate relief is requited, Barkola ointment can be used externally in addition to the above, and the cure is then effected in the shortest possible time. Barkola ointment will be found valuable in every case of nerve pain, cramp, chest complaints, etc.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
OUTSPOKEN DOCTOR.

"3.000 ARE PREPARED TO WORK THE

ACT."

Dr. John Esmonde, M.P., writes to the Press as follows from the House of Commons, under Saturday's date :—" The latest and float proposals of the Chancellor of the Exchequer are to be before the district meetings of the profession in a few days. They will then have to answer the question whether or not they are prepared to go on the panel of doctors. The whole future of the general medical practitioner will depend on that answer. "It is all very fine to abuse the Chancellor of the Exchequer for his earlier offers, but he was misled by the British Medical Association, who, from first to last, have fooled the general practitioner. In August, 1911, I moved the 8s tid amendment. The Chancellor denounced it as an unheard-of demand never put for- ward by anyone entitled to speak for the profession. "Did the British Medical Association help me then to get what the Chancellor has since conceded ? After consultation with the then secretary of the British Medical Association who was in the House,Dr Addison, on their behalf, spoke against it and called on me to withdraw it. If they had supported me then, we would have been spared 15 months of political bluff on the part of the ring who manage the l3ritish Medical Association. CHANCELLOR'S " HONEST ATTEMPT." "The latest offer of the Chancellor (for whom I hold no brief) is in my mind an honest attempt to meet the profession. £5,000,000, independent of drugs, is offered to the profession. It is possible some few men may suffer loss, but the vast bulk of the profession will be relieved from the constant strain of monetary difficulties. . .

---- " This will give the doctor a better chance of devot- ing his mind to new treatments, and will give him greater energy in improving the inadequate service which the poor now receive. The medical benefits will be given on January 15th. Over 3,000 medical men, to my personal knowledge, are 'prepared to work the Act. They are quite safe, but will get an undue proportion, of the money, if others are foolish enough to stand back. To my mind, it is a question to many men, shall we save the face of the British Medical Association, or shall we consider the honour of the profession? The nation calls on us to stand by and help the sick and the poor. I have no doubt of the verdict."

===== 0002601_19121207_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON NONCONFORMITY.

ITS 230th ANNIVERSARY

Warrington Dissenters under Persecution. Interesting Lists of Local Names.

To the chapter of side lights upon early cited to appear before the Bishop, many of local Nonconformity given last week we them year after year, and admonished and propose to add a Chapter of Warrington fined for not christening their children at persecutions, a subject far removed from the church, burying their dead in their own commonplace, and full of information to graveyards, not attending worship or sacra- 1 those who would understand the temper of ment, preaching or worshipping illegally or the age and the grim struggle for liberty without license. upon which the Nonconformists had entered. Our readers will like to read a few entries We take first the persecution aimed at the which enshrine the names of early local Dissenters by the Church Authorities. Dissenters. It is an old custom of the Church for the Those cited as Anabaptists may probably Bishop of the Diocese to pay an annual visita- be have taken as members of Hill Cliff Chapel. We sed the words which state the tion to the parishes, there to sit in judgment itrdic i charge against them and given the date in upon the various breakers of ecclesiastical brackets. laws. The Church held then a different James Winterbottom John Ditchfield John place in the life of the community and the Morres An Bent William Booth John Ditchfield Bishop's powers were considerable. junr. Robert M ass 7 Samuel Dunbabin Of course there was a distinction between Anabaptists (1665) civil and Church law. The Bishop did not ' John Barron Simul Dunbabin John Crowrhley deal with criminals, but with Sabbath and Susanna Crowchley Brain Sixsmith Quakers (1665) breakers, with undutiful Church officers,with James Winterbottom and his wife, John Ditch - disturbers of Church services,with those who fie'd and his wife, Jane Murray, Anna Bent, Hugh failed to pay tithes or Church levies, and with iiisleop, Wil:iam Booth' Samuel Dunbabin, those who refused to have their children William Savory, Thomas Whipham, John Nichlos, christened or who were married or buried John D:tchfield, jun., Robert Marsh, as otherwise than the Church decreed. Anabaptists (1666). Such violaters of Church law were cited to John Pickering for not burying dead at Parish Church. appear before the Bishop at his visitation. I John Norman, Henry Kenyon, James Lowe, If they promised amendment they were Edward Winstanley, Robert Rosbottom, Ellen usually dismissed with a caution. If they Lowe, widow, John Robinson, Thomas Cooper, were obstinate the Bishop's weapon was fine Alice Morris, widow, George Clayton and wife, andexcommunication.Should this fail to bring Thomas Winterbottom and wife, Peter Gaskell, them to a proper contrition he could issue a for Con”enticles and disaffected to the Church significavit, explain that they were of England (1668). contumacious and ask the King to" stretch John, Burrows, John Tomlinson, Brian Sixsmith out the arm Of secular power." This meant This. Cocken, Samuel Dunbobbin, Joseph Smith, (Quakers) (1671).

that the offender was sent to one of the High Courts of Justice there to be tried before a Judge and pay his costs. The Bishop's power, therefore, was not to be despised, as many of the early Dissenters were to discover. He could harrass them, impose fines and give them an annual piece of unhappiness. These Church trials were duly chronicled, and such manuscripts as have survived have more spice and variety than might be expected from grave Episcopal records. We crave our readers' forgiveness for turn- ing the searchlight upon their ancestors and promise that in choosing our illustrations we will not be needlessly cruel. We quote, of course, at this stage with a view to showing the nature of the complaints heard in the Bishop's Court at Warrington. First there are the Sabbath breakers, prominent among them being John Drink- water who flourished and made himself use- ful in the year of grace 1670. John Drinkwater f,r mucking his shippon in time of publick prayer on ye Lord's day. Next on the page is a case even worse: William Norton for playing at quoits on ye Lord's day. Then comes: William Platt for swearing much. Another batch of Sabbath profaners are thus described Thomas Goolden, glover, John Moss, labourer, Samuel Stocken, homas Talt. Ir, Margaret Alesbrook for loyterers and profaners of ye

Lords day. Very irritating to the Church-wardens were those people who got as far as the Church yard and then loitered or played games, and there is the sad case on record of one, (for his descendants' sake he had better be nameless), who got as far as the Church porch, stood there with his back against the wall, and could neither be dragged in nor put out by the Church beadles. Here is a case almost as bad: John Low for standing in ye church yard and refusing to come in to divine service when comanded by the warden. Then there were the awkward people who came into church but would not kneel or follow the service Richard Cook for his stubborn and irreverent behaviour in Church at time of divine service and his wife for a dissenter. Peter Uns worth for his stubborn and dis- obedient behaviour in ye Church at ye time of divine service. The Register note upon Peter is that he protested his innocence in the matter. When asked by the Bishop to "certify his reforma- tion" he did so; but this did not save him from a two and sixpenny fine. Then there are the phanatiques " who suffer from curious ideas and go through the process of getting them removed by being fined and threatened.

Here are two: William Birchall for saying holy dayes are idoll worship. The next is unspeakably bad. John Norman for saying that the Church of England was not a true church and that the worshipp there is odious to God and hateful to man. .

There was certainly ample variety in the business of the Bishop's Court. We choose a few more Warrington cases at random. John Southwortb, a Quaker and Lr teaching school without license and bath never been to a University. Elizabeth Pickering an exxperienced midwife but not licensed. Thomas Burtonwood John Rivington Thomas Doddling comon drunkards. Ralph Bradbury who bath a will to prove. Thomas Baker for a comon swearer. Gilbert Ireland that ye church is out of repayre

The Clandestine marriages are also dealt with. At one sitting in 1679 the Bishop deals with seven cases. Public penance was often imposed as the penalty. But we must not be beguiled by side- interests. These crumbling volumes which rest over the Abbey Gate at Chester are now chiefly valuable as preserving the names of the early dissenters. For these were duly

===== 0002601_19121207_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
The names of Ditchfield, Winterbottom, Savory, Pickering, Booth, occur repeatedly as unyielding Anabaptists and those of Brian Sixsmith, Dunbabin, Cocken and Smith as Quakers, and they .are fined year after year.

In 1674 a mixed batch of Dissenters are brought before the Bishop for refusing to pay a Church " ley " imposed to raise money for the repair of the Church. The list reads : John Gibson 3d. John Winterbottom 4d John Burrows 3d. Thom Whitehouse Is. Wm. Booth is. Samuel Dunbabin (Quaker) 6d. Samuel Dunbabin, Anabaptist, ld. Maria Cocker 4d. John Sandiforth ls. Rich. Richardson Bd.

At the same visitation some Noncon- formists of the district of Winwiek and Ashton are cited.

Edward Winstonloy, Roger Liwe, junr., Peter "Roland, John Robinson, John Marsh of Ashton,

for not coining to Church. The Croft and Risley Nonconformists were likewise brought before the Bishop. Their names are :

- Richard Birchall of Croft, Jacob Pilling, Catherine Smith, Richard Lythgoe, Thomas Lythgoe, John Withington, Georg Boydell. The minister William Aspinwall was also summoned.

William Aspinwall of Croft° for preaching at Conventicles or unlawful meetings. Five others from Risley appear against a charge of not bringing their children to the Parish Church to be baptized. They are John Bate Wm Middleton, Chas. filiginson,

Geo. Boydell, Geo. Monk. In the year 1675 the Bishop had evidently secured the help of the "arm of secular power," for quite a large batch of Warrington Dissenters are presented at the Quarter Sessions for "not coming to Divine service, being Paptists or Anabaptists." The list had better be given in full as it is probably a fairly complete list of prominent Dissenters of the period.

John Burrows, Thos. Whitham and Marie his wife Hugh Crosby, Hannah Crosby, John Pickering, Wm. Booth, Thos. Turbitt, Alicia Southworth, Maria Southworth, John Pinnington, Joseph Smith, Tabitha Smith, John Oldham, Ana Ho!croft, Jacob Wright, John Ditchfield, Thomas Pape, Catherine Halton, Jeremiah Tomkinson, Brian Siasmith and Eliz. his wife, Wm. Siasmith, Ana Holcroft, Nathan Smith, John Allen, Sarni. Dunbabin a Quaker and wife, Saml. Danbabin, Anabaptist, John Wilson, John Dichfield and Maria his wife, Eliz. Barnes, Ric. Richardson, Thos. Hall and Hannah his wife, Richard Barnes and wife, Nathan Abram, Richard Rachburne, John Leech of Church .St., Richard Nichols

Margaret Legh, Semi Leech, gaml La thorn, Peter Peake.

These are all fined 2s. 6d. A marginal note states that a form of Excommunication was ;passed upon some of these ,on August 29th, 1675, and March 3rd, 1676. _ .

One of them, Richard Richardson, is said to have been previously proceeded against in the High Court in 1674. Associated Tvith these prosecutions a letter has survived of which we know nothing save what is revealed in its contents:

May 22, 1667 (?) Sir, I have beene with some of Warrington and these underwritt wished mee to send to you to know whether they were in ye last Excommuni- cation you sent to Warrington (which was not returned when I was with you) and if they were they will take themselves of with what speed they can. But (they say) if they were not in this last Excommunication they will sticke where they are. Pray let mee know as soon as possible and I will send ye money for ye absolution.—This all from yor assured friend and servant, Jo lIISIIWICEE. Thomas Hall Richard Barnes Richard Withing- ton John Leech of Church-street Henry Blackledge Jonathan Brereton Peter Hayes Mr Yates Richard Higginson. Sir, I was desired by ye chile of his Hon. Sam Je ffereyes to know whether yo will let him have a siguificavit out of ye court for some hee sued without ready money and you shall be paid for it when he hath got his debt. The recipient of this letter adds the note: 23, Sir, I returne answere that onely ye first 4 Were excomcate lately. The visitation of 1677 gives the usual batch of Anabaptists—Wm. Booth, John Ditchfield sen. and jun., John Pickering Saml. Dunbabin

===== 0002601_19121207_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
a list the Clerk of the Court must surely have known by' heart. In 1678 the leading Warrington Noncon- formists are fined half-a-crown each for not coming to Sacrament. Among the sufferers are: Woolen draper, $ Taylor,

_Saml Leech and Marie his _wife, John Leech

John Peake, Peter

, Peake, Semi:Nichols, John, Hope, Fustian weaver. When sitting at Winwick the Bishop dealt with_ the dissenters of Risley and Croft, among them Richard and George Monkes, from whom the late Frederick Monks was happy to trace his direct descent. Jane Taylor, Hester Monkee, John Dain and wife William Dainfort, Henry Bate Richard Lyon for being absent from Clatrch (1670) Hester Monkee, Thomas Winterbottom, Thos Widowes, Thos Cooper, Wm Maddock, Wm Davenport, Rd Harrison, and James Harrison, John Taylor, John Dain, John Woodworth. Presbyterians ) George Clayton, Richard Hatrison, John Ursworth, David Durning, George Monkes, John Bate Presbyterians who never came to ye Sacra- ment in one year. (1683). Ellen Monkee, Hester Monkee, Ssrah Derby- shire, Thomas Holland, George Rylands for bang absent from Church. (1685). Sarah Muncks, John Clare, Roger Hadock for not fieguenting the divine service. John Stevenson, Thomas Twisse, John Taylor, Richard Monkes, James Lowe, Thomas Clayton, Thomas Ralpson, for not frequenting the Church and not receiving sacrament. James Lowe promises to come to Church, the rest are fined 2 shillings. (To be continued.) A.M.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DISTRICT NURSES.

PLEA FOR BETTER SUPPORT FROM RELIGIOUS BODIES.

A strong plea for more generous support on the part of the religious bodies for the work of the Warrington District Nursing Association was made at the annual meeting of that organisation which was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall on Monday evening, under the presidency of the Mayor (Councillor Dr Joseph). Among others present, in addition to a large number of ladies were :—Mr J D Fairclough (bon. secretary), Councillor Roberts (hon. treasurer), the Rev Canon Willis, the Rev John Valise, Alderman Smethurst, Alderman Bennett, Mr G Walker, Mr .3 Fargher, Mr J Fairclough and Mr Daintith. The Maltose, in moving the adoption of the report expressed his great admiration of the work of the association sad, from his personal observation, corroborated all that was said as to the efficiency and earnestness of the staff. During the year 14,G95 visits were paid to 595 cases. There core eleven new cases each eeeek and the visits numbered forty per week. As to the character of the cases, pneumonia headed the list, and they till knew how nisch that disease depended for its cure upon skilful nursing. '1 he class of patient attended was alt( gether rewarbable rind afforded a striking proof of the care and usefulness with which the inititution ass administered. Out of 595 persons, nursed, 296 were housewives and 102 children, or, roughly speaking, four-fifths of the patients benefited. If the mother was disabled there VMS no one to look after her and she required more nursing attention than any other member of the family. An indirect but none the less valu .ble side of the nurses' work was that it enabled their pstients to acquire some knowledge of hygienic principles and home management. There could be no doubt that the Nursing Association was one of the most benevolent of their institutions second only in impoi triune to the Infirmary, and it was the opinion of the medical men that that, institution was of the utmost value to the community. The con- fidence of the medical men in the association was proved by the fact that out of 395 oases only 12 had not been recommended by members of the medical profession. His Worship referred to the great advances which the nursing profession bad made in his own day, and said it was keeping pace step by step with the discoveries and improvements in the science of medicine and surgery which made nursing more complicated. It was a great boon to the poor people that they could be superintended and directed by such skilled nursing as was attached to that association. (Applause.) By the death of Mr Frederick Monks the association had lost a great friend, for it was Mr Monks who was mainly instrumental in the formation of the association, and by so doing he had done signal service to the town. (Applause). Mrs JAMES FAIRCLOUGH seconded, ond the report and statement of accounts were adopted. THANKS TO WORKINGMEN'S COMMITTEE. The Rev. JOHN YONGE proposed a vote of thanks to the Workingmen's Committee for their splendid work daring the post year. The institution was very much indebted to the cordial and generous manner in which the workingmen of Warrington had supported it in recent years, and the amount of money they Lad cen- tributed reflected the greatest honour upon them. Ile trusted that they would do equally good work in the days to come. (Applause.) lie endorsed the refer- ence of the Mayor to the late Mr Monks. The associa- tion which he founded WAS his pet child and he was always devising means of extending its usefulness. Miss SIAssY seconded the resolution, which was carried. NO SHIRKING OF RESPONSIBILITIES. Mr 0 WALKER, in moving the re-electicn of the President, vice-presidents and committee, said be was glad there was no evidence of a slackening of effort on the part of the working MOO. Notwithstanding the drain on their purses caused by recent legislation, he did not Sea any disposition on their part to shirk their responsibilities in conneotion either with that institu- tion or the Infirmary. (Applause.) Mrs CARLETON seconded the resolution, which was carried. Alderman SMETHURST proposed a vote of thanks to the Ladies' Committee: Miss Milne, the superin- tendent ; the nurses ; and the honorary secretary and the honorary treasurer. '1 he Ladies' Committee deserved the thanks of the town, and he looked on Miss Milne

and the nurfos, as angels of mercy, succouring the poor in the time of their direct need. Mr Fairclough fulfilled his duties admirably, and Councillor Roberts had done a good and glorious work for that association. They were now in a better position than ever since the monis tion was formed. (Applause.) The resolution was heartily carried. Mr J D Fairclough was unanimously re-elected bon secretary on the proposition of Mr J FAROHER, seconded by Alderman SMETHURST. Canon Wm.'s, in moving the re-election of Coun- cillor Roberts as hon treasurer,said he much appreciated the work of Miss Milne and her staff. On an average about 21 visits were paid to each case, which was a very large figure. He was glad to see there was a balance in band, but was sorry the subscriptions were somewhat less owing to deaths. He regretted the collections in the various places of worship were not perhaps all they should be. He was glad to see that what seemed to him to be a small religious body (the Gospel Hall) headed the list. Perhaps the churches and other places of worship had more calls upon them, but at the same time he should like to think Warrington showed its appreciation of that institution by giving a larger sum that £3O in the year. (Applause.) Mr J FAIRCLOUGH seconded the resolution, which was unanimously carried. A CLAIM ON RELIGIOUS BODIES.

Councillor II ROBERTS aid they ended the year with a balance of £lll, and he had received on 5030u01 of the subscriptions for this year another £ICO. It took nearly £4O a month to carry on the association. He was extremely grateful, and the association was much indebted to the churches and chapels whose names appeared on their list of subscribers, but there was still a large number that did not appear at all, and if there was an amciation which had a claim particularly and specially on religious bodies it was the Nursing Associ- tion. (ApplauEe.) They had no buildings to display and no means of calling special attention to their work but their ambassadors were carrying out in a practical form the finest telchings of the great Master to whom they owed service. They hal not been forgotten by some of those who had died during the year. Mrs Hartiett left them a legacy and Mc Monks had left them a sum of money which would practically carry on his subscription for all time. The legacy of £l,OOO which Mr Steel was kind enough to intimate to them had been left to the association a year ego, had not yet been paid over, but Mr Steel had explained the reason, which was a perfectly feasible one, and they hoped to get it some time shortly. They had £4OO invested at the present time. They would not be able to save very much in the future as the Ladies' Committee had recently added another nurse to the staff, but he had an ambition to see £2,000 invested on behalf of the association, so that they might be sure of something of a substantial nature in the way of a permain,nt income. ( applause.) The Mayor was thanked for presiding, on the proposition of Alderman BENNETT, seconded by Coon. cillor ROBERTS.

In reply his IN ORSIIIP said that associ tion would never be allowed to dircontinue its usefulness as long as Warrington was a municipality.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
FACE, BODY AND HEAD BROKEN

OUT.

Nell Cottage, Great Oak, Bryrgwyn, Nr. Raglan, Mon , Wales.—" Two years ego I caught a chill and my face and body and head broke out all in a mass of scabs - thick hard scabs. I could not shave, nor get much sleep because of the itching, and it was raw and painful. At times I was very depressed and low, and work was a misery to me. I spent pounds on different ointments and pills and at last I decided to try Cuticura Ointment. Bt fore I finished the first box I got relief. The scabs began to peel cff n.y bead and face, and now after using a couple of boxes of both Cuticura Ointment and Pills I am entirely well." (Sigr.ed) Ernest Gardner, August 21st, 1911. Cuticura Soap and Ointment are sold by chemists everywhere. A sample of each wilh 32-p. book post free from nearest depot: Newbery, 27, Cbarterhouse Sq., London; R. Towns & Co, S3dney, N.S.W.; Lennon, Ltd., Cape Town; Muller, Maclean & Co., Calcutta and Bombay; "Cuticura," Boston, U.S.A. Tender faced men should shave with Cuticura Soap Shaving Stick. Sample free.

THE DIRECTION OF BRITISH EMIGRATION. According to statistics prepared by the Local Govern- ment Board it appears that the net emigration from the United Kingdom during the last 30 years aggregated 3,406,000. In the decade ending with the year 1891, a period of commercial depression, the net outflow was 1,633,000, and in the IDOL decade 682,000 ; while in the 1911 decade emigration reached high-water mark with the total of 1,671,000 during a period of marked pros- perity. The figures for the nice months of 1012 already show an increase over 1911, and it is believed that the net total for the year will not be far short of 270,000. The outstanding feature of the emigration of the last ten years is the gratifying change which bas taken place in the destinations of British emigrants, the propor- tion emigrating to the British Dominions having grown from 33 to 82 per cent, while the emigration to foreign countries decreased from 67 to 18 per cent. The highest proportion, namely, 82 per cent, was reached in 1911. 'lle position has thus been completely reversed. The reasons aro not far to seek. World events have happened which have impressed the Government and the nation with the folly of passively allowing the British stick to drift away and build up foreign countries rather than cur own Empire. It is distressing to think what the British Empire has lost in this regard during the last three decades. How resolute, therefore, we should be in future in bringing home to the people that the fullest opportunities for their energies and enterprise are to be found under the flag.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ON TARIO'S CHEESE INDUSTRY.

The cheese industry of Ontario is a most icrportant one. The province exports more cheese than the whole of the United States. It is estimated that the output is over 65,000 tons with a gross value of three millions sterling. The Ontario Uovernment has taken many progressive steps on behalf of the dairying industry. By law, all cheese factories and creameries have to register with the department of agriculture, and the superintendents have to possess certificates of com- petency. The effect of:this is to raise the standard, and the result is that some of the best cheese in the world is made in the province of Ontario.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
3=11:21fe55.v,..m..-

bridge

CO

valuable to SPEAKERS, SINGERS and all who suffer from THROAT WEAKNESS.

CAUTION: for 'Owbridee" and take no

Pr, pArr,l br W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd.. Manufacturers, The Laboratory. HULL

Eltablohrd 1874.

Lung Tonic he best known Remedy for UGHS & COLDS

6447

/ 4\ 1 c07:143 *, siioValliff• 'Ore , S tv ii, ...., , 0 a... 4 . - .04 ..... ....., 3 tr• ...... 1.-. iblit woes 0 mr , , le' / , , # # \ 4*/

Ii

L 44

===== 0002601_19121207_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S PILLS.

is to keep your digestive functions active under all circumstances. This is the key to good health. .Low spirits, depression, nervous irritability and the like are fre- quently nothing but the consequences of some digestive trouble. If you arc to he alert and clear-headed, your brain must receive a constant supply of pure blood. Stomach, liver and bowel ailments militate very much against that, because they give rise to impure blood and consequently impaired nutrition. Taken in accord- ance with directions, Beecham's Pills speedily eliminate impurities from the system, gently but firmly rouse the liver to proper activity, and give tone to the stomach, improving both appetite and digestion. An excellent plan

a dose of this world-famous specific now and again as a safeguard. Everybody needs, and should take, a little medicine from time to time and one of the most suitable general correctives is Beecham's Pills, which are speedily remedial in their R,- ber th- -in the first sign of any digestive irregularity or slur

action. ..emenv.._ Lnat upon t,.- ....t sign of any digestiN, gishnest, recourse should be had to Beecham's Pills. Life's advantages can only he enjoyed to the full when the bodily functions are working smoothly and harmon- iously. Such a pleasant state of physical well-being is within the power of those who make a wise use of

Sold everywhere in boxes. price 1/U (50 pills) 8c 210 (168 pills).

et) 40.1611441•1414)* 0 * *4) )140- Ino 10 .014 'lb 4) 4 6 46. 4 b frol wo Oil ,ffik wgo Fa" ea A 1 ne vil p ela 'Na we We &44k 4.40; we te eir. Oh we lie . O. kit,* we Ve IA av• Ai • witv lit• ✓ 0.1. 4V4i no MOP - , 'itOA W .0, Op drik ' OPA6 we. I 'Fe OA ." On %IP thr -in 11,...._..,5t sign of.7ny difi.e_st.ivc .. , , ig OA • • AI Iry Tip , OA !AP wo ,i a% .4.. - 'tiii,:s7.7f. 46:-.----.V4,2.,4,1147-7-"Ze2_•'_ASSW•"I,...., •www,,,,,,e7,-Tiv.z&z..be,Aß /0.74 . 'arli ?.0 t...;, wtrw i V %: eAI '&4i • ,e 0 , We lAA OA 1! ire Iv ergo ,* •lk 4P 4P'• 4P 'Alp- 4,V*V. P - 014 lejt,Al4 j4"t1,4.,-4r•.--',.Ct•l;- ': ....4. : :: 41: 1114 'll "0.111% 41.4 15"1114-P41.'171104•141"411.4 *4 Vile • , 41111 4110,4*0 MO 41, 1.4 - 41`..

===== 0002601_19121207_art0106.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ks at' -

===== 0002601_19121207_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
A COMMON-SENSE RULE

IS TO TAKE

The Examiner, Sat.

:ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.,

EY ORDER OF THE SUPPLEMENTARY COURT.

By RENNIE RENNISON, Author of "Mixed Relationships," " Georef

Georgina," Zre.

Henry Pooner lay thinking. Ho had been rather roughly used, and for the first time since his struggle he was allowed a breathing space. So he lay, too sore in body to think it was a dream, and wondering what it was all about. Everything had happened so rapidly that he could scarcely collect his thoughts. He had been walking home alone when, without the slightest warning, two men had rushed from the hedge and seized him. They were evidently used to the work, for in a moment he was gagged, blindfolded, and pinioned "by order of tho Supplementary Court." What was the Supplementary Court? He had never heard of it before. He had not been robbed, and not ill-treated except for the grip of iron which had held him at each side. He had simply been led away as a prisoner. In a few minutes a lock was turned, and he heard someone enter his room. The gag was taken from his mouth, the bandage from his eyes, and then he stared with open mouth in undisguised astonishment at the figure which had released him.

It might have been a man or a woman, but it looked like a draped turnip. The head was tied up in a bag of yellow calico, there being nothing but two holes opposite the eyes. A cape of the same yellow material covered the shoulders, while the costume was completed by a loose skirt, which almost reached the ground. No wonder Henry Pooncr gazed open- mouthed at this strange figure, and no wonder that twinges of conscience began to make them- selves felt.

"The Supplementary Court awaits you. Come!" said the figure in a deep but com- manding voice. "What in thunder is this Supplementary Court? I'll be hanged if I'll be treated to any rr:ore of this nonsense! What right have you to bring me here?" The figure did not reply, but firmly took hold of one of Pooner's pinioned arms. He com- menced to struggle, but a second figure, attired like the first, glided forward and seized the other arm. He was hurried forward along some dark passages, up some dark steps, over which he frequently stumbled, and then suddenly drawn into a brilliantly-lighted room. At first his eyes were dazzled, but as they be- came accustomed to the glare he began to think that something besides his ,eyesight had gone wrong. Immediately in front of him, at a large, red-draped desk, sat a figure tied up in black, while at either side of him were figures tied up in white. Thirteen pairs of holes peered at him from these bags of cloth, looking like the sockets in the skulls of so many ghosts.

Henry Pooner began to tremble. Ho had not been a good man, in fact, he had been a very bad one; but he had always flattered himself that he could keep on the right side of the law. He had had a legal training when he was younger, ana the knowledge then obtained ho had used to bad purpose—bad to mankind, if good for himself. This Supplementary Court, however, was outside his ken. He knew that it was illegal; but he was ignorant of its power. "Read the charter," called the bundle in black. _ _ .

Ono of the bundles in white stood up, and in a low, monotonous, sing-song tone read:

" That the Supplementary Court be an International institution, recognised by no country, and known to no local law administra- tion.

"That its working be kept entirely secret, and that death be the penalty for any member divulging any of its secrets or methods. "That its sole aim be the punishment of per- sons who are morally but not legally guilty of crime.

..... 'That no person be arrested until he has definitely proved himself to be a pest to humanity, and unlikely to repent. "That the minimum penalty be death; and that torture be applied as merited. "That the Court keep in touch with the latest chemical research, and uses the safest methods for disposing of the bodies of executed criminals."

When the reader began, Henry Pooner listened scornfully; but towards the latter end he turned pale. There were thirteen figures in front or him in addition to the two at his side, and he felt utterly helpless. He knew, how- ever, the value of bluff, and in a thick, husky voice began denouncing such an illegal proceeding. " Silence!" called the figure in black. "Exe- cutioner,. enforce silence." . .

One -of tho figures in yellow struck him across the mouth, and there was something in tho blow which suggested greater force if necessary. At any rate, Pooner thought it wisest to refrain from testing it further. „ . . . . -

"What a"re the charges?" asked the figure in black.

Another whito figure arose and began reading: "During December last, a certain widow named Smith, resident in house belonging to prisoner, was behindhand with rent. She bore good character, was hard-working when in health. Prisoner turned her out of house, and sold her furniture according to his legal right. Said widow slept in an outhouse the next night, contracted chill, and died of pneumonia in the workhouse a week later."

Henry Pooner gasped. There was no exagge- ration, and he had considered at the time that ho was perfectly justified in getting his own. He had bitterly blamed the woman for not going straight to the workhouse and remaining alive.

"Is that tho only charge?" asked the Presi- dent.

" Ne; there are others." "Read them."

"Ea-sT :ill:I-o. a young girl, name Hellery, drowned herself in the canal. Said girl had been a domestic in the employ of Penner. Through his injury and distnis&d, and having nowhere to go, she ended her troubles in the canal."

Pooner again winced. Ho thought his share of that horrible incident was unknown, and had bribed right and left to keep his name out of the scandal. He had managed to completely escape the coroner's court; but not this strange tribunal. " Next." "The prisoner has a good, faithful wife, but for the last few years he has made her lice miserable. He is not only—" " Are there any more charges?" interposed the President.

"This and six more, my lord." "I think we have had quite enough already. Do my brothers agree with me?" The twelve white bundles bowed, And the President continued, " Henry Pooner, you have heard these charges brought against you in brief. Full details of each are in our hands, and falsehood or denial will be unavailing. Have you anything to say for yourself?" " is—they are not true—not quite true."

"Name any point which has been wrongly stated or exaggerated, and we will refer to our collection of details." Pooner was quite helpless. The only satisfac- tion he felt was the curtailment of the charges, for he had one particular sin on his shoulders which he had long lived in fear of seeing light. He felt sure this Supplementary Court would know of it, and it was a case in which even he— with his hardened conscience—had felt sonic contrition. There was a short silence. Then the presi- dent said:

"henry Pooncr, this court pronounces you guilty of murder in a multiple degree. Legal reasoning is not recognised here, for we simply conclude that at least two dead persons would now ho alive hut for you. One victim died of exposure and the other by drowning; so withmy brothers' permission I sentence you to death by slow drowning, namely, to be placed in a tank up to the neck in water, and left until tired of life or too weak to continuo to stand. Do my brothers concur?" _ .

Pooner's knees had long been failing him, and at this sentence he fell to the ground. Like all cruel men he was a coward, while the utterly selfish life he had led made him terribly afraid of death. He screamed aloud; he begged for mercy. He was as abject as a whipped cur. The two executioners stood rigidly at his side, and the thirteen figures in front looked like a row of impassive statues. The man pleaded for mercy on his knees; but his judges might have been both blind and deaf, at regards the notice they appeared to take.

When he was at last exhausted and quiet, the president onco more turned slowly to the figures on either side of him, as if looking for the reply which had been interrupted. After a strained silence one of the white bags shuffled about, finally rose, and bowed. "My lord," it said; "may I point out that one of the victims died in great igony. Shout., not the prisoner die in like fashicial

===== 0002601_19121207_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
'clay, December 7, 1912

There was a half audible murmur from the other bags, so the president, in an authoritative tone, replied: "We will discuss the matter in private Officer 346, take the prisoner away and strip hue in readiness for his punishment. No. 249, be at hand to return and preparo the torture chamber." . . . .

Poor.er again grovelled on the ground, but was dragged out like a dead dog. In a similar manner ho was dragged downstairs and curtly ordered to undress. His gaoler was a powerful man, as far as his grotesque garb would allow him to be seen; but apart from that, Pooner had -had the opportunity of finding that his muscles were like iron. Trembling as with ague he commenced to strip, and his gaoler received each garment as it came .off. The man took all the things out of the pockets and tied both valuables and rubbish in a bundle, casting it into a corner as if worth- less. When Pooner saw the money, however, he was struck with an idea. It seemed to him his only hope. "Look here, my friend," he faltered. "If you will help me to escape I will give you L 1,000." "We allow no bribery here," replied the "Oh, help me! Help me! Have you no compassion? Remember,'. I have a wife and family." " Yes ; your treatment of the wife was men- tioned a few minutes ago." "It was untrue. It was exaggerated. We only have our ordinary quarrels; and we dearly love each other." "She will find someone to console her when you have gone. I believe she will be rich; but you know best." "I will givo you £2,ooo—well, £3,000." The figure again shook its head and shortly replied : Go on undressing." When Pooner stood barefooted in nothing hut his shirt, he felt cold-. His teeth chattered. for

===== 0002601_19121207_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPARING THE PANTOMIME.

The pantomime producers in London and the provinces are now busy preparing the props. and scenic effects for the Christmas shows.

Our picture illustrates a scene in one of the big metropolitan studios, and shows dresses, cannon, milestones, and other effecta ready for deepatch to the pantomimes in London, Liverpool and Manoheater.

..,„„,„„1„kt.<4.3„3.1141f44AVRi;•.,:„tr.ff-.. • • • ••• a Alait'• • 1,..A.44,.„tft;',14141i*.-T7'",:it,,:i. eisolirozpittsi:l .•,...I..;?:,.llll.,:ewliiiiiii;',.itltztlllW,'l•:.- • • 4.7 ..7f 1! : • s.-1•••:..F,.. • •

===== 0002601_19121207_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
tne weather was chilly and the room was hare and damp. He shivered and waited, wondering what his fate would be; but the council upstairs seemed in no hurry about the decision. At last the 'other figure in yellow came into tho room, and for a few minutes talked in an undertone with his companion, this latter eventually going out and taking the prisoner's clothes with him. The last corner was thus left alone with Pooner. He eyed the shivering man through the holes of his headgear, and although no ex- pression could be seen, he evidently felt some pity, for at last he shortly remarked: "Poor wretch!" Then from the folds of his yellow garment he drew forth s bottle. "Here, take a drink," ho said. "It will give you courage, and you will need all you have." Pooner hesitated, but the brandy smelt tempt- ing, and he took a deep draught. It did give him courage, and as a last hope ho began test- ing his new gaoler "It's no good," said the man. "I'd like to get out of this business myself; but it would mean death to both of Us." "No! no! no! I'll arrange matters 90 that we can both get out of the country. I am rich, and I will not desert you if you save me." "How do I know you won't?" "I swear it. I'll promise you anything. If you will be in danger so will I. We will fly and hide together." "Hopeless!" replied the man; but there was something in the tone of his voice which sugges- ted that it was not utterly hopeless. Pooner seized the opportunity. "I vow to keep you with me, to halve all I possess with you, if you will help me to escape." The man still wavered. "It's no good,' he said. "My mate has taken your clothes, and you cannot go as you are." "Yes, yes. It is dark outside." "It is bitterly cold, and I haven't much on myself. I've no clothes to spare when my uni- form comes off." • "Never mind! Never mind! help me! It is life or death to me." "Can I trust you to pay up?" "Yes, yes. I vow on everything that is sacred." "Come on, then. Quick!" The man opened the door, and they were soon in the dark passage. At the end the gaoler shot a bolt, and the next moment Pooner shivered as the cold night air whistled round his only garment. "Take another nip at the bottle," said the man kindly. "It will warm you up." * Pooner did as he was bid, swallowing the raw spirit more to quicken his nerves than pro- mote circulation. It did both for the moment, and then •the man hurried him away, past some outhouses to a high wall. "We cannot go by. the gate, for it is con- nected by an electric alarm," he explained. "Besides, they will miss us in two or three minutes, and we must take to the country." The man climbed on to the wall and dragged ripener after him, grazing his exposed shins in the process. "Now drop," he exclaimed, as he himself dis- appeared in the darkness. "Steady! It is only about ten feet." Pooner let himself down and then released his grasp of the friendly coping stone, dropping some four feet more—into a bramble bush.

----- -- "Hush! Hush!" whispered the man, "or we shall be traced at once. I'd forgotten you were barefooted, although a few thorns are better than the death you have just escaped." He hurried Pooner across a field of etubblo, the hard, short-cut stalks feeling to his bare feet like so many nails, and causing agony at every atep. ' Come on, man!" said the gaoler; "we shall soon be across. Here! take another swig at this Bask." Again revived, poor Pooner limped on. After dropping himself ho had dropped a few curses into the bramble bush; but he had now got past swearing. He was too miserable and broken. At the end of the field there was a hawthorn hedge to scramble through, and Pooner found his shirt poor protection, especially as part of it was soon claimed by the bushes. The gaoler cheerfully tried to encourage him, and helped him through in a way which might have been friendly, but which could scarcely have been called gentle. He appeared to be in a hurry, and he showed it. The next field was pasture land, and much easier walking; but it seemed to be badly kept, for it was not long before Pooner trod on a cluster of thistles. Every step became agony, while every limb shook with the cold; for even this active exercise did not warm him. Now and again he felt a drop of liquid trickle down his body, shewing that some, ••of his scratchen were deep; but the blood soon coagulated in the cold night wind. At last he could bear it no longer. "Oh! leave me! leave me! I can't go any further. Let me lie down and die." "Hark! Listen!" said the man. "They have missed us. cannot you hear? Come, along. This is nothing to the way they will torture you now. Another half hour and you will be safe. Here, take another drink, a good deep one." Pooner tried once more, but his strength was failing, while the repeated plyings of brandy did not tend to steady his steps. 'The man helped him along and encouraged him in his own rough way, for, as he pointed out, he wanted to win the reward he had been promised. In a fuddled corditien Peoner was lifted on to walls and rolled over to the other side. He was dragged through thornaet hedges and hurried

===== 0002601_19121207_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
It, ilia tam; and - torthal • the 'bailie Was released. _ _ _

It shot down the yard and began barking at a gat., it could not jump. although it made deter. mined and frantic efforts to clear it.

Miss McKennisome was surprised, for the gate belonged to her pigstye, and she knew that the pig had changed its quarters for the kitchen ohimney only a few days lvfore. "Well, I'll be blest!" she again ejaculated, for on looking over the gate sho beheld a strange animal amongst the straw, far from clean, and clad in a single torn garment. She sniffed suspiciously, for the reek of brandy came to her nostrils, and then she waxed wroth.

• Miss MeKonnisome always knew where to lay hold of a brush, and she was soon poking her visitor with a long. one. Henry Pooner was dragged forth, and in a still drunken state was belaboured on tho shoulders} by the irate lady, while her dog took samples from his legs. Then Miss McKennisome wis overcome by maidenly modesty, and a farm labourer was called out to transfer tho clothes from the fence to Pooner. Later on that day, Henry Pooner was brought up before the magistrates for being "on en- closed premises," but the charge was eventually changed to "drunk and disorderly." Ho tried to explain his adventures to the Justices, but nobody could be made to believe that he was yet sober, and ho was not givesa tho option of a fine. .

Whon he was once more a free man, his posi- tion was not improved, for he soon began to sus- pect from the rumours that came to his cars, that the " Stippleincntary Court" had been specially concocted for his benefit. He also began to hoar that a number of indignant and mischevious young fellows had planned his escape as the chief end of his arrest, and that the whole crowd from the " Court " had been leisurely following at his heels all the way. They had gone by way of the gates, while he had scaled the walls and been torn amongst hedges; and they had remained—at a respect- able distance—to admire Miss McKennisome's morning exercise. Ho had suffered a severe punishment physically, and his power to bully had gone, for he never knew who might not have had a hand in the little plot, and who had uot witnessed his discomfiture. [The Eno.]

===== 0002601_19121207_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
'WOMAN AT HER BEST.

A woman can never be sure of having all her physical powers every day of the year. She is not always "at her best." Certain exhausting pains which women and women alone are often called upon to undergo produce a feeling of weariness, which disables the sufferer, and makes her long to bide and rest. These pains, most noticeable in the back and sides, and accompanied by a general- bearing down feeling, will, if neglected, wear down the strongest constitution. They should not be neglected. Many years ago a woman thoroughly tested and introduced a harmless herbal remedy of her own for the terrible sufferings of her sister women. The fame of it spread until it is known throughout the world—Mrs Lydia E Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Thousands of women have blessed the day they first used it. It is soothing, harmless, sod prompt in its effect. There is no need to fear the return of these dreadful pains if a bottle of this wonderful Medicine is kept at hand, to be used when required. Girls and women who go out to work, and mothers whose duties are in the home, are alike benefited by it. Any chemief will gladly supply a bottle of it for 2s. 9d., or a much larger bottle for 4s. 6d. The Lady Manager,c/o The Lydia E.Pinkham Medicine Co., 42a, Hampstead-road, London, NW., will send it at these prices. Any woman who writes to the Lady Manager can obtain free a private book t women, which is full of certain information which every woman ought to possess.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO BE HAPPILY HUNGRY.

Doctor on the Workman's "Greater P!easures." " No pleasure on earth," writes Dr. Walter It Hadwen in an article on " Health before Wealth," in this month's "Commercial Review," "can surpass the joy of feeling genuinely hungry, and of being able to gratify this sense in the simplest possible way. The happiness of the working man in the enjoyment of IT frugal meal surpasses the whole world of luxury that is associated with the table of a pampered monarch. " Of Course, I am considering a working man in health and under healthy conditions. But such is the rule with them, and not the exception. Regular hours of work, regular hours of exercise, regular hours of feeding, and regula.r hours of sleep—these together make up the conditions whereby a good appetite and a good night's rest ar.e secured. In proportion to oircum- classes as rule, live more stances, the working regular, active, and reasonable lives, and thus secure greater pleasures ont of them than do their more advantaged fellows." The invariable tendency oi the leisured classes to avoid exercise by the use of tram, train, or cab and the tendency to overwork the internal organs by spasmodic feeding (often on highly seasoned foods) are the chief evils mentioned by Dr Hadwen, who recommends simplicity, regularity, and abstemiousness.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T LOOK OLD—ke p the aVarZOS Of Time at Lay by Darkening the Grey Streaks with LOCKYER'S surrJ{ui HAIR RESTORER,whiehdeepensto a natural colon? in a few days. Dockyer• maintains youthful sepearance arge bets everywhere. Poet free 1/6._l3edford Laboratory, Loridor.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
;ur,

WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Queen and the Ilospitals.—Once more Q teen Mary bas been displaying that unceasing interest in the humblest classes, which has endeared her to the hearts of the people. During the relaxations of a brief holiday at Welbeck Ahbey, she found time to visit local hospitals, where she trade, not a mere perfunctory tour of the wards, but a painstaking inspection of all cl.pa•tments, chatting with the patients, inquiring into the details of their ailments, and showing an intimate acquaintance with hospital administration. When her Majesty visited Yorkshire she evinced a genuine desire to get into close personal touch with the working life of the miners, and her latest exhibition of solicitude for the sick and suffering poor affores another pr of of her trte womanly sympathy with human misfvrtune. The representatives of British Royalty are never seen to greater advantage than when they are engaged on meroiful missions of this kind. Hospitals are the most useful and the most important of all our philanthropic institnticns. Recent events have in some cases checked the flow of that broad and deep stream of charity upon which their fortunes rest, and acts of kindness like that performed by Queen Mary are calculated to st imulate public interest in these institu- tions and revive support for the noble work they are doing. It is the duty of everyone, from the King on the Throne to the miner in the pit to extend the hand of succour to those who have fallen by the way in the battle of life, and the humble will help all the more readily when the exalted show an earnest and spon- taneous desire to assist.

Shopland.—The great shopping season of the year is already in full swing sod it promises to be rather a dear Christmas for the public, but at the same time, a busy and profitable one for the shopkeepers. They are rejoicing in the fact that people have money to spend, notwithstanding high prices. There has been a great reduction in the number of head of cattle in the country compared with recent yearn, and the' roast beef of Old England " will be up in price accordingly. Turkeys are both exceptionally good and plentiful, but the home-bred birds will be dear. Ibe higher cost of food stuffs has made the rearing of poultry more expensive, and the public has to pay for the increased cost of pro- duction which applies not only to agricultural produce, but to nearly all manufactured goods. An interest- ing attempt to lower the cost of retail distribution has however, been introduced by one of the big depart- ment houses In the West End of London. This is called a" matinee sale," held in the afternoon on one of the ordinarily slack days of the week, when, during certain hours of the day, goods are sold at a considerable reduction in prices. The shop's daily working expenses are the StIDIP, whether it is slack or busy, and the object is to keep going at full pressure all Coe time, so thatgoods coming in and going out the next day mav bear a minimum tddition for working expenses. If purchasers are given allot part of the benefit, the public clearly stands to gain from schemes to lower the cost of retail distribution, which seem likely to be intro- duced in shopland generally. The Attack OD Public Correspondence.—The futility of the militant method of exercising pressure in favour of " Votes for women "could hardly be carried further than in the organised wanton destruction of the con- tents:of postal letter boxes, which has been carilod out in London, and many of the Provincial cities.. Hitherto the few isrlated owing s of this kind havo not attracted much attention, but in the form of systematic) raids, it causes igrtat public annoyance and lose, and melee further irreparable damage to the feminist political movement. It is so entirely senseless. It does not hurt the Post Office or the Government. It is simply an attack upon the public who aro the only sufferers, and as is lesson in the gentle art of making enemies, it could hardly be excelled. Many of tire people injured in this way may he in favour of " Votes for women," but it would be safe to say there is not o e of them who will not henceforth oppose all parties militant or non-militant in the suffragist movement. As a method of converting friends into foes it lb the most effective of all the militant tactics. It makes the demands of moderate women impossible, and if persisted in it will surely be the last nail in the coffin of woman's political cause. ‘veariog of Charms or Amulets.—More than one Cabinet Minister, it is said, wears an amulet for the purpose of warding off evil iofluences. This belief that inanimate things exercise an influence on the course of events runs through all grades of society despite the fact that it has been said to denote the lowest stage of human intellect. It is common most of all among the aborigines of Australia, generally regardedas the least enlightened of all the races in the human family In ancient times, the amulet sometimes rendered a useful service by inspiring the wearer with courage to face and overcome dangers which threatened him, but this much can hardly be said for the modern craze for wearing charms, or tokens, such as figure largely ie the jeweller's shops—for Christmas. Hardly any sensi- ble person will admit that he or she believes in these superstitions, yet in order, as they think, to be on the safe side, they carefully treasure, and carry about, some little charm or amulet. This custom is not only general among motorists.aviators, and those in the theatrical profession, but is also often followed by bauksrs, commercial magnates and the staidost of the staid. The Perfection of this Season's Materials.—The new home-made materials, as well as those of other countries, are as near perfection as it is possible to arrive. There is a note too of Oriental magnificence, and no limit to the superb hues of velvets, silks and satins. Nor, considering the beauty of these fabrics, can they be considered exhorbitant in price, some- times they are patterned iu large flowers, picked out ill gold and silver, or dull metallic tones. Velvets of the richest makes and colours are used for noats and skirts as well as for afternoon and evening dresses. Some of the ntw materials in softest stuffs resembling suede, are made in charming colours. Simpler Fabrice.—Manufacturers have taken no IeSI pains with materials intended for everyday wear, sn" many a homely stuff has become a beautiful fabric. Flannel for instance, has this year, a surface that nisY easily be mistaken for satin,and is so light and delicate that it may be combined with chiffon and gauzY,, materials. Detainee that provide such comfortable Rea far useful garments, have taken on the appearance of richer stuffs and in the matter of colours and designs/ rival brocadca and velvets. In fact, all the new. materials in quality, workmanship, and colour, far excel those of any previous season. Novelties.—So numerous are the trifles that fashion provides for her rotaries, it seems impossible to keep count of them. Very pretty are the tiny fur tiPPetg bordered with tails that just cover the shoulders. small wired bow of real old lace, or some good imita- tion, sewn over with pearls, makes a dainty fasterlinfi for an ermine accessory of this kind. Wired bows JP; lace are seen in every department Of dress. For !los evening coiffure,the lightest and most fairy-like fabri are used for bows of this kind, and when delicatelY poised have a charming effect. Fur collars are seoerin everywhere on coats, tailor-mades, and of cours.e re opera cloaks. For tailored suits, a modified Robes with small white chemisette of some transparent fa e is the most popular. Evening corsages are finis he? with immense roses or any other flower, made of bin velvet or satin. Tho effect when this decoration cove half tbe corsage, as it frequently does, is not artia But a black flower of reasonable dimensions is striking finish to a simple dress. Plebrrio'

. . , - . , . . . . , . :44-vf •

===== 0002601_19121207_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
, ...o'''''''''''''''.°''''''

••• • "- .-; . • : nat3 a Nica. iretermtnated by DANYSZ VIRUS. :. Non poieouJus wart bartnlc Si tO Rumen pomp% • Docueetio end other Anovale. Bin& Tube rubee 5/-; poet free DANYSZ VIRUS LiratTED. lnez 218 1. • Len•lenitall Street, Loudon, end of all Loeoll/15

===== 0002601_19121207_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19121207_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
I

The Examiner, Saturday, December 7, 1912.

India. His remarks were mostly confined to a vivid description of life in Benares, the Ifindoo eacred city, whose innumerable pilgrims formed excellent media for conveying the Christian faith throughout the length and breadth of the country. The address was Quite enthrall- ing and was felt to be much too short. Considering the unfavourable weather and the cloud of bereavement the services must be regarded as most satisfectory, and the monetary returns so far received are somewhat in advance of last year. Mr H S Brown filled the post of 1 organist with his usual skill. TRADESMAN'S DEPART,RE.—MAny local people will hear with regret that Mr Pearcey, the popular manager of Burgons, Ltd., branch shop, Lymm, was about to leave the district. This coming removal has meant that Mr Pearcey has had to resign his position as president of the Lvmm Board of the National Amalga- mated Union of Shop Assistants, Warehousemen and Clerks. At the meeting on Thursday, Mr W H Blant was elected the new president and Mr Frazer vice- president. Mr Pearcey was thanked for hi a past services. THE LATE MRS BRIGGS.—The funeral of the late Mrs Brigg, of Dutton Villas, Lymm, whose decease, at the age of 76 is referred to in our account of the Wesleyan Missionary Anniversary, took place on Friday afternoon. The service in the Wesleyan Church was opened by the Rev E Morgan who was followed by the Rev JEI Pawlyu.A sympathetic: address was given by the Rev J Caldwell who made a touching allusion to the sterling faith that Mrs Briggs bore her Master. tie I also referred to the cheery disposition which was one of her outstanding features and she placed her village first in all things. The hymns " Peaca,perfect peace " and " Dive me the wings of faith to rise " were sung. Mr Robert Leather, who presided at the organ, played offertoire in B Flat' the Dead March in Saul and the Funeral March by Dr. Halloway. The cortege proceeded to the churchyard where the committal service was conducted by the Rev J Caldwell. The chief mourners were the six daughters and their husbands. Mr and Mrs Mahon, Mr and Mrs Dan Brown, Mr and Mrs II S Brown, Mr and Mrs Collins, Mr and Mrs Bowness, Mr and Mrs Day. A number of beautiful wreaths were received.

QUITE SO, BUT HOW? MR. KEBTV-FLETCHER'S PROGRAMME.

Mr J R Kebty-Fletcher,"M.P. for Altrincham Division in the course of an article in the "Standard," insists that the first duty of the Unionist party is "to get the Government out." Then they must "clear up the mess" made by their predecessors—reconstituting the Mout of Lords end properly av3ending the National Insurance Act. In remodelling the Second Chamber their scheme must be based on the elective principle, some of the' members conceivably being drawn from the chairmen of the county councils. The constructive programme proper must consist of Tariff "Reform," associated with Imperial 'Preference, the giving of facilities to the farmer and smallholder to become proprietors of the soil, and plans for the advancement of trade, commerce, agriculture, the mernantile marine and industrial and financial concerns.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MAN

Who Had Sciatica.

"I caught a severe chill about twelve months ago, which I think must have affected my kidneys," says Mr. C. W. King, of " Cheshire View," 208, Manchester-road, Warrington. "1 began to suffer with sciatica, and was laid up for three months with the complaint. A sharp, cutting pain used to start from my left hip and shoot down to my knee, and I was in terrible pain night and day. " I could not get any sleep at bight. I was confined to the house for three months. " I tried many remedies before I used Doan's backache kidney pills, but until I used this medicine I was unable to get any relief. I felt a lot better by the time I had used the first box, and I continued to make such progress that by the time I had taken five boxes I was quite cured and ablo to get to work again. "I have had no return of the complaint since. and I am only too pleased to give this account of my experience for the benefit of other sufferers. "I have often told others how much good Doan's pills did me. (Signed) "Charles W. King."

The kidneys are the blood filters—the. blood is always flowing through them to be purified. As the blood circulates through the system it collects worn-out and cast-off tissue, and brings it to the kidneys. The kidneys filter it out and throw it off with the waste water, through the urinary system.

Every twenty-four hours the kidneys dispose of 500 grains of poisonous waste and 3 pints of surplus water from the blood.

But if they are diseased they cannot do their work thoroughly. Then the blood is only party filtered, and the poisonous waste that is left gets carried to all parts of the system—

Makes you feel heavy, drowsy, and irritable, makes your back ache, your head ache; makes you feel as if you have heart trouble—

You get rheumatism when the weather is bad; the water is cloudy or

Every tls a Si

gravelly; there may be pain in empty- ing the bladder, or you may have to seek relief every few minutes. Doan's Backache Kidney Pills over- come kidney and bladder weakness, help the kidneys to keep the blood pure, and throw off the irritants which make the bladder act too often or clog the urinary channels and make it painful to seek relief. They clear the water when it is cloudy and giravelly, and prevent uric acid from settling in the body.

Every. box of the genuine Doan's Backache Kidney Pills bears a copy of an Analytical Report that the Pills are absolutely pure, and contain no injurious ingredients whatever.

In one sized package ontg-219 a box, or 9 Lose, 1319. NEVER SOLD LOOSE .0f all chemists and stores,or from Faster-McClellan C0.,8, Wells-st.,Oxford-st.,London, Don't ask for Backache or Kidney Pills, —ask for DOAN'S Backache Kidney Pills, and MAKE SURE the name DOAN'S is on the box you buy.

,‘ ... ?icture , - tell 4ory." • --.----=,-.. \a, / / r \ / - , ,

===== 0002601_19121207_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

CHILD FATALLY BURNED. A WIDNES TRAGEDY. ,The death took place at the Widnes Accident ospital, on Monday, of Elizabeth Dias, aged ten tears, who resided with her parents at 31, Moss aolt•road. The child, it appears, was alone in the house and, it is I,tated, fell asleep near the fire wken somehow or other net clothing became ignited. Before the fire could he extinguished the zhild was burned severely about the body. RUNCORN RURAL COUNCIL. At Dutton on Tuesday. Mr C E Linaker (sen.) Prgaiding. CLIFTON FOOTPATH. Mr Potts clerk to the County Council forwarded a opy of the report of the proceedings of the local "cquiry by a sub-committee of the County Council into the liability for repair and maintenance of the Clifton Marsh footpath. The Committee found, that the foot- path was a public highway for foot-passengers, that the carne was not being maintained and repaired in a good c„cd substantial manner apd they recommended that the Rural Council be informed that if they contend that the liability to repair and maintain the footpath iittaches to the river Weaver Trustees or in the alter- ative the owners of the land, legal proceedings should ce taken by them to compel the party or parties they erisider legally liable to perform their duty. On the suggestion of the Clerk the report was referred the Clifton Footpath Committee. THE COT-OUT ON MOTOR CYCLES. A circular letter was read from the Local Government eard enclosing an order rescinding a previous regula- tion prohibiting the use of the CUL-01nt on motor cars Ikrid prescribing a similar regulation applicable to all 1.40t0r cars (including motor cycles) propelled by laternal combustion engines. ELECTRIC LIGHT FOR CLERK'S OFFICE. The Clerk said he had taken the liberty of obtaining a'ne estimate for the installation of electric light in the ‘-lark's office and he had been led to do this from a 11,Irety point of view. At present they had important vcPers stored at the office and when required it often ;eant the sending of a boy and the striking of matches. they bad already had one narrow escape from fire and ,ad it not been for the deputy clerk having to go hack '45 the office at night to do so some work the whole race would have been burnt down. The estimate for I.°ing the work—£ll 15s—was so small that he felt „..Mttle hesitation in bringing it before the Council he lights would be in all the rooms where light was tNUired and it would entirely do away with the 4ftessity of striking matches in the office. On the motion of Mr Wright the tender was accepted , 'hd it was decided that the work be carried out at once. ' ASSISTANT HIGHWAY SURVEYOR. t The Clerk reported that 71 applications had been eived and while the committee had had the matter i'Pder consideration that morning they had not had pltoe to complete it and would be prepared to make a Pommendation to the next meeting. ORAPEENHALL DISTRICT SEWERAGE SCHEME. be Local Government Board wrote fixing the follow- day (Wednesday) for the enquiry into the applica- 41.cm for a loan of £18.500 for sewerage and sewage 'i:Posal works for Grappenhall, Latchford and elwall The Chairman : It is a stiffish sum. Mr Mclntyre : How will it affect the rates? Antwiss : There will be no one left to pay the tea just now The Clerk: It will not be really heavy on the three tcriehes. The Chairman: If any members have objections they attend the inquiry. ". be Clerk : There will be plenty of that without '45 members of the District Council objecting. RAPPENHALL-ROAD IMPROVEMENTS. the committee appointed to inspect and report upon h Cirappenhall roads recommend that (1), York-drive ti 7 constructed with tar macadam with similar footpath, •v, width of the carriage way to be 2tft. (2), That o,l9toria-avenue and Albert-road be constructed in NP.lcary macadam with footpath of Jersey gravel, th of carriage way to be 22ft. (3), That the exist- 4in kerbs be dispensed with and the usual 121 n by 44 he used. (4), That additional manholes be con- tected in the various streets and drains as °annex:vied by the surveyor. (5), [hat additional

1

1'

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURP of '!OUT AND RHEUMATISM by EIUDM'S COULD NOT SLEEP WITH PAIN!

Woodfall Hill, Downton, Salisbury. April 30th, 1911. ‘, bear Sir,—Having used your pills for three f,,ara and reaped so much benefit from them I think i' my duty to give you a testimonial. Now this a.at week I had rheumatic gout come in my hand and then in my foot I COULD NOT SLEEP ‘VITH THE PAIN. and the swelling. I had no pills at the time and ei°ald not walk. I sent and got a bottle and took "vo in the morning and by night I WALKED TWO MILES! ' t,I always recommend your pills to others and !ell 1 , isuern what good they do me. You may use this , 'ovv you like. Yours truly. F. GOULD. BADE'S GOUT PILLS , At! Perfectly safe n their action, eliminate all ... Injurious matter, and are highly restorative. , ..cld everywhere in bottles Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or Pent post free for stamps or P.O.by the proprietor, , It.,,GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. . '4ADE'S GOUT 8z Ft

gas lamps be provided in York-drive, York-road, Victoria-avenue, Albert-road and Mavfleld-avenue. The recommendations were adopted.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
LYIVIM.

AT THE PARISH Cliutecir.—The Lymm Parish Church Missionary Festival was held on Sunday last, Advent Sunday, when the Rev E R Tarbuck, Vicar of St. George's, Altrincham, was the special preacher through- out the day. Rather appropriately, the scholars had for their first Sunday in the new school year a Children's service in the Church. The offertories, which are to be given to the Society for the propagation of the Gospel in foreign parts, amounted to £ll 16s. 2d.

- - MISSIONARY SERVICES.—The annual missionary services of the Oughtrington St Peter's Church were observed on Sunday and Monday last. The deputation this year was the Rev W Mawson, a returned missionary from Northern China, On Monday night, before a good attendance, Mr Mawson gave a most interesting lecture in dealing with his work in China. Lantern slides were skilfully exhibited by Mr H Heaketh and greatly enhanced the value of the lecture.

THE SALVATION ARMY.—On Thursday night Lymm received a visit from Staff-Captain Tomlinson, of Manchester, who held a special service in the Congre- gational schoolroom. He gave an earnest address on The Life, Work and Will of General Booth," describing tbe remarkable process of growth which has been the lot of the Salvation Army since its inception 22 years ago. Unfortunately there was not a large audience to appreciate Staff-Captain Tomlinson's remarks, but he made a deep impression on those present. Mr J Holt was in the chair, and was supported by Mr J D B Smith, A o)llection in aid of the social work of the Army was taken up. - - -

WESLEY GUILD LECTUDE.—In connection with the Lymm Wesley Guild an interesting lecture was delivered on Monday night by the Rev R W LI Whiteway entitled "The Pilgrim Fathers and the sailing of the 4 Mayflower.'" The lecturer told the story of their heroism in braving almost incredible hardships for the sake of their faith, in such a graphio and stirring way that all felt how much we in the present day of religious liberty owe to their loyalty to principle in the face of all obstacles. Mr Whiteway paid a special tribute to the memory of the devoted leader of this little band and the pioneer of Nonconformity in England—Rev John Robinson, who gave up his living in the Church of England to throw in his lot with the Pilgrim Fathers He also pointed out that these were the men who laid the foundation stone of what is now the United States of America. THE DISTRICT ,NURSES.—In order to assist tbe Lymm District Nurse's Fund, a bridge and whist drive was held in the Conservative Club on Wednesdey night. The room, which had been tastefully prepared for the occasion, was filled with a very good attendance of players, who took active part in the games that had been provided. Handsome prizes were ultimately won as follows : Bridge.—Ladies : 1, Miss Warburton ; 2, Miss Rawlins. Gentlemen : 1, Mr Rawlins ; 2, Dr Burrowes. Whist.—Ladies : 1, Miss Rawlins ; 2, Mrs TF W Dixon. Gentlemen : 1, Mr Fraser ;2, Mrs W Cooke (playing as a gent). Dainty/ refreshments were served by Mrs Allman. Messrs F-E Evans and T Ridg- way were the Mo's, and the committee were formed by Mrs Bryden, Mrs A H Evans. Mrs Gotobed, Mrs Walter Jones, Mrs Palmer and Mrs Norris, assisted by several other ladies and gentlemen. . DEATH OF MRS. R. PAnxisson..--The death 000nrred at" Whitefleld," Rush Gieen, on Wednesday 'afternoon, in her 85th year, of Mrs Parkinson, widow of the late Mr Richard Parkinson. Mrs Parkinson has no children, and the sister who lived with her, Mrs Whipp, passed away at the are of 83 last October. This bereavement, together with old age, has been the apparent cause of Mrs Parkinson's decease. For many years an inhabitant of Lymm, Mrs Parkinson's warm- hearted generosity towards the poor people of both the Lymm and Oughtrington parishes and being a willing subscriber to all parish funds, has won for her a wide and deep affection. Amongst other innumerable gifts have been those of a bell to the St Mary's belfry, a flag to the Conservative Club, and an annual distribution of Christmas presents to the poor people, her forethought is made known to us by the knowledge that the gifts she intended for this coming Christmas are all ready for distribution. Mrs Parkinson has only one sister living (Mrs Lord of Rochdale) and at the time of her death had her nieces, Miss Mason, and Mrs Carter and daughter, living with her. The funeral is to take place at the Lymm Parish Church this week-end.

SII AKI:SPEAREAN RECITAL AT TRH GRAMMAR SCHOOL.—The belief that the drama has an educational influence was demonstrated by the action of the Grammar School authorities in securing the services of Mr James Bernard for the purpose of giving a recital from Shakespeare's " Merchant of Venice,' at the school on Friday afternoon of last week. The chosen portion was that of the story of Shylock given in two scenes; the first being that of the bargain between Bassani° and Shylock, and the second a graphic account of the trial of Bassani° and the suspicious defence by Portia. By a rapid change of voice, facial expression, and bodily gesture, the reciter made each character appear before his audience and the vociferous applause that was accorded Mr Bernard proved him to be a most skillful exponent of the dramatic art. Mr Bernard followed on his success by giving a trio of amusing stories" The Enchanted Shirt,"" A Change of Treatment"—one of Mr W W Jacob's capital sea stories, and" The man who apologized "—a lesson in restraint. Musical interludes were given in the form of two clever violin solos by Miss Marianne Hill, and a song by Mr CH S Willson,the headmaster. There was a large attendance of parents, friends and scholars. - -

LIBERAL MEETING AT RUSH GREEN.—It Is with pleasure that one regards the apparent waking-up and desire of the local Liberal Association to distribute their favours a little more widely, for on Wednesday , night we notice that after a longer period of inatten- tion to the Heatley district; they held a successful meeting in Mr Kent's Pavilion adjoining the Farmer's Arms, Rush Green. Mr J Radcliffe of Heatley, was in I the chair, and whilst introducing the speaker, Mr Coup- ' cillor Middleton, of Oldham, mentioned the fact that it I was on the same platform with Mr Middleton ' that his first public appearance on a political platform was made. The speaker took for his subject the general political situation,dealing in turn with Free Trade' the National Insurance Act, Home Rule, and Welsh Disestablishrnent. In speaking of the Insurance Act he mentioned the fact, not generally known, that one of the benefits has already been in operation since the 15th of July last, viz., sanatoria treatment, and gave instances of how this is already saving valuable lives to the country. A racey, yet instructive and highly appreciated address was only brought to a conclusion by the speaker having to leave for his train. On the motion of Mr J D B Smith, seconded by Mr J Tilzey, a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr Middleton. A vote of thanks to the Chairman was proposed by Mr I It Barker, seconded by Mr J Webb, jun, and carried unanimously. MAY QUEEN CONCERT.—The first effort of the May Queen Committee to diminish the adverse balance caused by the disastrous climatic conditions which assailed the last festival has passed off in an encour- aging manner. The effort took the form of a concert i I the Congregational schoolroom on Wednesday night when the whole entertainment was provided by the Humoresque Concert Party. That the endeavours of the artistes were appreciated was shown by the fact that after the opening chorus and duel oi conundrums between Messrs Bridgford and Hockney, every item on the first part of the programme was encored. Vocal solos were given by Miss M Seel, whose rich contralto voice was beard to advantage in" 0 happy childhood " and "The rosary " ; bass solos by Mr F Hitcher' were " Drake goes West " and "The yeoman's wedding song " ; tenor solos by Mr G Hallett, "'lwo eyes of grey," " September day' and "Molly dear " ; and solos by Miss E Hutson, " I hear you calling me," and " If no one ever marries me" ` Kandahar," and " The Intermezzo from Cavaliers Rusticana " were a couple of violin solos played with taste and skill by Mr G. Buckler Comedy duets by Miss Hutson and Mr Bridgford, entitled" The modern maid," " Will you love me just the same" and " Our farm," were well received. A musical monologue "The green eye of the yellow god" and an impersonation of Urlah Heap from David Copperfield, were contributed by Mr W Hockney. The moat popular items were those of Mr Joe Bridgeford whose patter and songs in " The next department, please," " Reoipies," in which the air of "Pop goes the weasle " was utilised, and in the concerted piece " Our stories," which were treated to rounds of applause. During the interval Mr J D B Smith (president of the committee) gave the reason why the present concert was being held (mentioned above) and said that the committee were looking forward to a continuance of the support of the present audience at the one or two concerts which they hope to hold early next year. The second part of the programme which had been made short in order to enable some of the artistes to catch convenient trains, consisted of :—Violin solo " La Serenata " (Braga) by Mr Buckler, solo by Miss Seel " My sin folk," humorous speciality by Mr J Brideford "If the Misses says its black, its black," character impersonations of Martin Harvey as Sydney Carton in "The only way," Sir Beerbohm Tree as Condemned Jew. and Gaspard the miser in " Les Cloches de Corneville" and as a worthy finish to a capital concert, the vocal duet "Night is down the valley stealing " by Messrs Hallett and Hitchen. The accompaniments were pro- vided by Mr C M Margerison. FOREIGN MISSIONARY ANNIVERSARY.—The Wesleyan Methodists of Lymrn held successful services on Sun- day last, when Mr W Pearce, of Warrington,Preached in the morning, and the Rev Ebenezer Nlorgan,of Padgate, in the evening. The meetings wore continued the fullosing Tuesday by a public tea at 6.30 p.m. when a good company filled the tables. A specially pathetic feature of this Anniversry was the decease of Mrs Brigg on the morning of the public meetings in which she had taken a particular interest, having in fact, given all the edibles necessary for the tea—the Foreign Missionary cause being especially near to her heart as an erstwhile missionary's wife and the proud possessor of a son engaged on the Foreign Missionary Field at the present time ; this unfortunate occurrence was suitably referred to by the Rev E Morgan at whose invitation the company at tea stood silently for a while as a token of respect for one so highly esteemed. The annual meeting began at 7.30 in the Chapel under the presidency of Mr F Et Harris, senior steward of the Warrington Circuit, supported by the Revs. J H Pawlyn and E Morgan, the former leading the devotional part of the meeting and the latter speaking from the annual report which showed a considerable increase in the returns from Lymm compared with the previous year. The missionary deputation was the Rev. W Dyson Faster, for 15 years a missionary in Lucknow district,

===== 0002601_19121207_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
SERVIANS IN POSP.SSIoN OF ADMATTC POETS,

While the Turkish and Bulgarian pleni- potentiaries before Chatalja are still diA- cussing the terms of an armistice, warlike operations are Still going,on. The Servians are now in actual possession of Durazzo, following the ports seized last week, and they have been received with manifestations

of welcome by the inhabitants. Our picture shows the General in command of the Servians with his Staff officers surrounding two cannon and the Turkish flag which they captured. They would not be induced to raise the flag, but placed WWI the ground and trampled on it.

~"- • - . • . , . - • • . .

~ ~. ...-4, .•' It.AtOtt, • ',',, ...a., :-„t‘'—'` , ~„,„'k ''sk • : , I,w" .."' ''• ' '''t , -t,04,,..74.4 • • '",,r • . t-, - ..1.- „o • - •,., ~. , s:'''' *• 1r -.*•alm-N, 1 *or ' '''',,'7, ,', iC;,. , VI • • It • ' ~,,a‘:. ...,,, cfpo t, `A:, >„'"; IL ' 4f2; ,' '' : , - .• ar°:: - f N 4ilrk • ' lig• *it 7':V 'z' ' sn.. ~3„, 'l,o'.4.,`'z' er" •;t''''.• ' Nitt ("$6. '•:%4* -- - ,•41' ' , 0 "'"' ' ,t•i ' A ,1. .; s', '' 0 = 7-: . av,'" ; ' , , 4 -•.,.$ ~,• i N ‘ ....; 4, , . #, yipt•:;.,.., ..x ~, . ",,,.... ~„... '''' , 4 , ''',:, ,5t....5i‘4. , ..." ,A,,,,r,,.:,...14,../s, -• ".., s\:- ,:,,,, • ' ~s, NO*: f." rcv..,... " ,eezt<'"li.i Wir>, t .44 ' ‘.. ' . 11'. ' `... .. v ;.‘A °';',. 4,. ''''' ;,%-r',:.• ::.4)144.,`-'o,,t, se-<,:,,e.,4'''..,", ',.40°.ftf..-411:;0; 7'51,7`1'. . '''c .'fei,;!'((-,,, - :'‘ cV,;(•<.sol.k' ''''r • ,>:: ' <tii,;..`4'+kil`o44:'4": a >-• '• • . - •'' . .''!'' '' ' ~,. .Wt..:.43 ~.... ',4-•,„::•:','-^tV l'i,•,•'<•,i'ir ••-..,:r4sirpitVto'''. - A:•7:1.,z, - „ -,,,:k ,A,' . , ",,, ' <,',*s-, ..s.'.',:•=;-,-,,i'1d14.... ~,, '-',2,...-kr,eJtv. . ti;,i,°--4,,,,,i*1'', 4.'-'"'' * '. .—..,•%...e, ,: • 4*- )•..,,,,...,. ,'• ', .• .. -,...• .:,/t_4.4.T.,, ,-,. 0'.... ..,,-.

• 4,•••..itigrAit*,l

===== 0002601_19121207_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
ORFORD.

OLD BOYS' SERVICE.—The annual Old Boys' service was held in Orford Church on Sunday evening. A fair number of the members met at the school at six o'clock and walked in procession to the Church. The vicar, the Rev 0 Vale Owen, conducted the service, and the president of the association,Mr J Cann read the lessons. The special preacher was the Rev G C Briggs, vicar of Christ Church, Latchford. The words of his text were, 'Thou contest to use with a sorrow." ANNUAL TEA AND ENTERTAINMENT.—The annual tea and entertainment in connection with Orford Church was held in the School on Friday, the 29th ult. There was a good attendance at tea which was on the tables at 6.30, and the numbers were increased at the enter- tainment at 7.45. A good programme bad been arranged by Mr Spencer and a few helpers. The first half of the programme was opened with a pianoforte duet by Mrs it U Brandreth and Miss Hill. Mr W Povey, jun., sang " Empress of the wave" and " Down in the Deep." Miss E Bateman earned well-merited applause with her song "Motherland." Mr J Gibson was in good trim • and was well received with "When the ebb tide flows " and " Bombardier.' A few of the choir boys created much amusement with their nigger songs and jokes and Master Hackett was loudly applauded after singing a waif song, surported by an invisible chorus singing "Home sweet Home." • Mr E Gibson sang two humorous songs in his usual style. The second half was taken up by a humorous dialogue "Fortune Hunting." All the characters were well sustained by the Misses Povey, H Spencer and Holt end Messrs 0 Higher°, H Williams, L Cross and W Povey. The Vicar the Rev G Vale-Owen occupied the chair in the unavoidable absence of Mr H P Densham. Mr C Woods proposed a vote of thanks to all those who had helped to make the gathering a success. Mr L Cross seconded and coupled with it the names of Mr and Mrs W Povey who had very kindly lent them one of their rooms for rehearsals.

At the London Sessions, on ,Thursday, a prisoner asked to be allowed to withdraw his application for legal aid, remarking that he thought he could defend himself better.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
WIN WICK.

WHIST DRIVE AND DANCE.—The Winwick Social Club held a whist drive end dance in the schoolroom on Fiiday night. A very enjoyable evening was spent. The prizes were given by Nr J Greenhalgh, Mr 0 I' Greenway and Mr and Mrs Gerosa, and were presented by Mrs GI Shaw ,o Mr GI McAllister, Mr U Astnll, Miss Yates and Mrs A Baker. Mr F Uncles was al C for the whist and Mr G Finch did duty for the dance. ACCIDENT TO A 'Bus.—An alarming accident happened to the omnibus, which runs from Warrington to Winwick, on Wednesday night. The horses were stand- ing in the usual place, in front of the Swan Inn, and for a minute or two were left unattended. It only wanted a few minutes to the time of starting, 6.15. when the horses started off and knocked the lamp off the porch of the Swan Inn. When they got on to the main road the horses began to gallop. Their career was brought to on end by the vehicle turning over on its side by the County Asylum Lodge. There were only four occupants at the time, Mrs Sweetlove and her sister Mrs Bent, and Mrs Naylor and child from Winwick Post Office. No one was seriously injured. Mrs Bent complained of a sprained wrist and cuts and bruises about her face. All of them suffered from shock.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
GRA PPENHA Lb.

INDEPENDENT METHODIST CHURCH.—Another of a series of concerts and social evenings was held In the above church on Tuesday evening last. Councillor R Henshall presided ever a crowded audience. He stated that they were indebted to Mrs Savage and Mrs Andrews for the refreshments, and also to Captain Savage for the use of his very fine cabinet gramophone which was so ably manipulated by Mr :? Andrews. Con- tinuing, the chairman stated that it was owing to such kindly acts as these, that they,as a body of people were able to progress so satisfactorily with their work of raising funds for new premises. They had now some- thing like £5OO (with promises) iu hand, and they expected to make between £4OO and £5OO from the old property, and considering all points they certainly felt gratified that the movement was progressing in the right direction. This he assured them I was necessary as their present accommodation was entirely inadequate to the demands. (Applause.) An admirable entertainment followed :—Mr George Gough a song, " Literman Tom " Mr Thomas Leah, a humorous sketch entitled " A Slate Off " ; Miss May Gough gave recitations entitled " The land of story books " and " My shadow " ; Mr James Hudson by special request, recited " The three warnings " ; Mr Gough, songs '• When the ebb tide flows " and " The Miner." The gramaphone selections were highly appre- ciated. Miss Gladys Foden was the accompanist.

OLD SCHOLARS' RE-CNION.—The third annual re-union in connection with the Grappenhall School was held in the large Room, Grappenhail, last Saturday evening when a good number of old scholars and friends spent a very pleasant time. The school managers were represented by Mr R C Parr and the Rev H. V Pigot, Mrs Pigot was also present. The schoolmaster, Mr A Evans. gave a cordial welcome to all present, and during the course of his remarks spoke of his indebted- ness to the performers and to the committee who had worked so well in getting the programme together. Songs by Mrs Wicks, Misses B Woodcock and Amelia Sarjeant ; duets by Misses C Shakeshaft and Thomas, Miss M Foden and Mr A Evans were rendered in a creditable manner, while the humourous element was in the capaia?e hands of Mr M Lomas. Mandoline and pianoforte duets by Messrs J Leah and G It Hale and a pianoforte duet by Miss G It Hale and Mr C Clayton also added to the enjoyment,while two sketches created much laughter. In addition to the above, old school songs were sung in a very hearty manner. Miss G R Hale very efficiently acted as accompanist. A pleasing evening's entertainment was concluded with the sing- ing of "God save the King " and "Auld Lang Syne." Mr Woodcock catered for the refreshments in a satis- factory manner. PARISH COUNCIL MEETING. A special meeting of the Grappenhall Parish Council was held on Tuesnay evening last. Mr A Lister-Kaye presided and there were also present : Messrs ..1 Bradford, N Cook, jun., Ellisou,F L Garside,J Carter, W Lomas, F Fox tlnd Charles II Gault (clerk). THE SEWERAGE QUESTION. . .

The Chairman explained that be had called a special meeting because they were on the eve of great things. The Local Government Board enquiry was about to take place and he (Vlr Kayo) thought it advisable to call a special Council meeting to report on the work of the sub-committee before the enquiry took place. The Chairman further explained that the Grappenhall Council would be represented by Mr Hatt-Cook,solici- tor of Northwich. The report was read snd adopted. "Mr Fox moved that the report be recorded in the rainutes of the Council so that they might have some definite guide in view of pc ssible expense in the future. Mr Cook seconded the resolution and it was carried unanimously. Details or the inquiry will be found in other columns.

A DANGEROUS OPEN SEWER.

Mr Cook drew the attention of the Council to a dangerous open sewer at the bottom of Mayfield-road

Whilst on husiness one day in the ro4d he had the unpleasant duty of extricating two children therefrom. He considered that it was a danger t) the community and something ought to be done. T The Chairman asked Mr Cook to lay the matter before the next meeting when the question could be dealt with in the ordinary course of business.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

At Dutton on Tuesday, Mr J Spruce presiding. TUBERCULAR DISPENSARY.

A letter was read from Dr Annett of Crofton Lodge, Runcorn, stating that he had made an offer to the Runcorn Urban Council—which they had been good enough to express their appreciation of—to establish a tabercular dispensary in Runcorn for the free treat- ment of the poor and needy cases of tuberculosis and also to examine and report upon specimens of sputum. He was pleased to be able to make the same offer to the Runcorn Guardians. The dispensary would be opened for treatment of patients on Tuesdays and Fridays at 11 a.m., commencing November 19th. On the motion of Mr A R Norman it was decided to thank Dr Annett aud accept his offer. SUPERINTENDENT OF CHILDREN'S HOME. The Clerk reported that over 70 applications had been received for the position of superintendent and matron of the Children's Home. The matter was referred to the Children's Home C..mmittee to make a re-election of six to appear before the Board at the next meeting.

MEDICAL OFFICER FOR HALTON.

•It• Wood-w-a-r-d-ge -n-o-tiU;Of-M-OtiOU-t-h-t;t- at the next meeting of the Board he would move the appointment of Dr Maxwell as medical officer for Halton at a salary of £25 per annum.

RELIEF.

The number of inmates last week was stated to be 194 as against 199 last year, and the vagrants relieved, 81 as against 105.

CHRISTMAS TOYS FOR THE CHILDREN. The Master made an appeal for toys and festivities for children at Christruss.—Mr Linaker, jun., went round with the hat, with the result that £2 8s was collected from the members, the Master expressing his thanks on behalf of the children

LIGHTING OF THE CHILDREN'S HOME. The Children's Home Committee reported having con- sidered the various systems of lighting the children's home and recommended electric light and the tender of Messrs F W Smith and Co. of Manchester for £175 Os. 6d. This it was explained was the lowest tender ; others made on same specifications amounted to £lB9. £2OB, £249 and £295. The tenders included wiring and installation all ready for lighting. It was proposed to put the petrol engine dynamo and accumulator in a shed in the yard which would be built for the purpose. The question of having a duplicate engine arose and after much discussion it was decided to adopt the recommendation accepting Smith's tender and that the surveyor should obtain the price of a duplicate engine and submit to the next meeting.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN URBAN COUNCIL. "GOOD BARGAIN" CHALLENGED.

At the Runcorn Urban Council, on Tuesday evening the medical officer reported that during the past month there had been twenty deaths and forty-three births as compared with twenty deaths and forty-one births in the corresp,mdiug period of last year. On the minutes of the Highway Committee Mr Baker opposed the seal of the Council being affixed to an agreement with the Rev H N Perrin for the conveyance of land in Moughland-lane to be used for widening and straightening the road there. He said be considered it an unwarranted expenditure, and not called for by the people of the town. On the other hand, the Council would not spend 'money on improvements which the inhabitants desired should be made.

Mr Gibbs st.id he understood that the land had been presented to them. Mr Imeson said the people were in favour of this road being widened, and he considered that a good bargain had been made. The Chairman (Mr R H Posnett) said that the Council had been in touch with the C mnty Council for the last twelve months, and that authority had now agreed to take over the cost of the repair and upkeep of Greenway-road end Moughland lane. The County Main Roads Committee had realised that the Council were trying to make improvements, and consequently hadlgranted these concessions. The minutes were adopted, and the local members of the County Council were thanked for their services in the matter.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by AD'S PILLS. SUFFERED 19 YEARS!!

4, Pool Road, Smethwick, March 21th, 1911. Dear Sir,—l must give you praise and congratula- tion upon your wonderful remedy ; Eado,u Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I have SUFFERED FOR THE LAST NINE- TEEN YEARS UNTOLD PAIN and agony and have taken dozens of bottles of doctors' medicine, but NOTHING HAS GIVEN ME SO MUCH RELIEF AS YOUR PILLS! I shall advise all sufferers that I know to try them; I know it will be for their own good. You may make what use you like of this letter for the truth requires no study. I remain, yours faithfully, CHAS. FLETCHER. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. seat post free forstamps or P.O. by the proprietors GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. U EM.A.ITIC PILLS

I-1

===== 0002601_19121207_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

This

Gentleman's

7 YEARS' ITCHING

t\ ,H:- ','-r- . 4:•.:..---::::,---;,;,,,, 1 i'• ",--------i . 'iii-:!•• .-::--z-:ii,:iii,71 c..--------,_—_-=.• . : ... ::.--,--,:: :e I,A -

_ ....,_ _. ~..z.,:m a : . . . ...,,,,; , ~. . L

===== 0002601_19121207_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Cured at Home.

"For seven years I had terrible itching and smarting piles," writes Mr. J. H. Hughes, of 6, Garden Place, Mold, N. Wales. "I couldn't sit down at times, and could hardly move about. Day and night I was tortured until I was utterly worn-out. "Doctors were puzzled by my obstinate case, which defied every treatment but Zam-Buk. This rare balm soothed away my pain and itching like magic, and gradually reduced the growth of piles until they stopped troubling me. I have now regained all my lost health and spirits, and have been an entirely different man since Zam-Buk cured me."

Give the unique and world-famed Zam-Buk a trial at once. 111 or 2.9 a box. Beware of imitations; there's only (me genuine

===== 0002601_19121207_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
11100 RE.

WESLEY GUILD.—On Thursday evening last the monthly devotional meeting was held in the school- room, when a good number assembled to hear the Rev E Morgan 'give an address entitled "The virtuous woman." His remarks were based on the 31st chapter of Proverbs and proved very interesting. Mr Lawton presided.

STOCKTON HEA ni.

ST THONIAS' BAND OF HOPE.—A very successful entertainment in connection with the above took place on Tuesday evening in the parish room which was crowded. The chair was taken by Mr Hallows. The proceedings was opened by a pianoforte solo by Miss Acton, which was well received as were also two songs by Miss Sherwood. Sam Smith got a good reception for his violin solo as also did Misses H Acton, Mather, and Nellie Hampson for their songs. Mr Bagnley was specially thanked for his rendering of "Killarney," Miss Baguley was the accompanist for the evening. Recitations were given by Mrs C Hallows, Mrs White- man, Mr Whiteman and Edna Goodlifle, all being much appreciated. The newly-formed choir under the . leadership of Mr Baguley did themselves credit in " Fight the drink" "Love at Home " and Quarantoma's Mountain " The entertainment was brought to a close by a humourous sketch " The patient man," given under the care of Mr Whiteman by the Misses Vernon. Baguley, Wheeler, E Vernon and Messrs Hatton, Helley and Livingston. In proposing a vote of thanks to all those who had taken part Mr Stannard and Mr Noden spoke of the encouragement given to the workers by the interest shown by the parents and friends in the work of the society. The National Anthem brought the meeting to a close.

PRESENTATION TO MR J HALLOWS.—A very pleasing ceremony took place on Tuesday evening when the Vicar on behalf of the committee and workers of St Thomas's Band of Hope presented their leader Mr Hallows with a long service Band of Hope medal. The Vicar spoke kindly of his good work in the past and hoped he would be able to continue for a long period Mr Hallows had not the least knowledge of what was being done but he feelingly thanked the Vicar and fellow workers for the beautiful medal, and still more for their kind appreciation of his labours in the Baud of Hope and temperance cause. As he looked back over the 50 years he had been so employed for his Master he saw much to be thankful for in regard to work done and the great change in public opinion. Every member of his Sunday school class was a Band of Hope boy and had a pledge card. Many of them, he was pleased to say, had kept their pledges until the present day. This was, at one time, the only Band of Hope in connection with the Church anywhere in the district ; now few parishes were without.

MR. HENRY VIVIAN AT RUNCORN. DILEMMA FOR THE TORIES.

Mr Henry Vivian, ex-M.P. for Birkenhead, speaking at Runcorn on Wednesday night, said we could only be guided by experience in the matter of Home Rule, and we had our experience in Canada and South Africa. The Tories constantly acclaimed themselves in favour of an Imperial Parliament, but about the first thing an Imperialist Parliament would do would Le to grant Home Rule to Ireland. If Sir Edward Carson and Mr F E Smith became Attorney-General and Solicitor- General in the next Parliament, and Home Rule had not gone through, they might find themselves in a peculiar position. The four-fifths of the Irish popula- tion who were Home Rulers might knock down a few policemen and blow up a few buildings as a result of the rejection of the Bill, and follow generally the course Smith and Carson had suggested to Ulster. He submitted that the "Constitutional party " should be the last to encourage rebellion.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAGEDY ON A LINER.

On the arrival of the German East African liner VVindhuk at Southampton on Thursday frem the Cape it transpired that when the vessel was off Cave Verde. a first class passenger, a Mrs Clarice Allport, who, it is understood, was proceeding to Lancaster, was drowned. At midnight she called for the steward to bring her a glass of water, and on his arrival he saw her disappear over the side. The vessel cruised about for a time, but no trace of the lady was found.

WEST'S OILS--WEST'S OILS!

West's West's West's West's

FOR Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sprains, Sciatica, Burns, Sore Throats, Neuralgia, etc. /.1 Per Bottle / Poet Free • ct the Sole Proprietor, A. E. NA ISH, Percy Street, CARDIFF. , sena at nnce ! Don delav ! They ore good ! Doctors recommend them.

Oils Oils Oils Oils

WEST'S OILS-WEST'S OILS!

===== 0002601_19121207_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
APPLY TO

THE ECONOMIC BOOT CO,

WHARTON ST., CARDIFF for particulars of their special system whereby you can obtain for ONE SHILLING Otte pair cf first-class Boots or

two pairs of ‘Childrens Boots. ONE OF MANY TESTIMONIALS : Certificate No. 1692. Lisburn, Oct. Bth 1912. I receivsd your- letter of the 7th inst. also the Boots as specified. The Boots received are splendid and for them and your courtesy I return my best than'ls. Yours faithfully.

BUY MASON'S COFFEE ESSENCE

NEWBALL & MASON. NOTTINGHAM.

11111111111111111111 ' I Casement Curtain Cloths. I Plains, Fancies, Printed Borders, Insertion Borders, Unfadeables, 84c. Patterns Post free' I CHEAPEST HOUSE IN THE TRADE. GILL & CO., 10, BROOK STREET, BRADFORD. Blouse Cloths also supplied. IMMIIIIIMMENI \111051611111=1

===== 0002601_19121207_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
~•:::i',.,...-..;...,"i1ft.t.:::"":.: ~.!,..,,..:,-.:,:

===== 0002601_19121207_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6 12

===== 0002601_19121207_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
'COMPTON HOUSE

LIVERPOOL.

Xmas Gifts

IN IMMENSE VARIETY,

60 Departments

crowded with attractive

Novelties

of every description.

SIMPLE and INEXPENSIVE

ELABORATE and COSTLY to suit all tastes and purses.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPTON HOUSE

has made extensive preparations for the Xmas Season and effected a number of exceptionally advantage- ous purchases much under the usual prices.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
THESE SPECIAL OFFERS

have been reserved for Xmas, and customers will do well to avoid the rush of the last day or two before the holidays by shopping Now, while these stocks are at their best and the choice most varied.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19121207_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
TOYS! TOYS! TOYS!

The Grand Toy Bazaar

IP

NEW GAMES,

NOVELTIES,

has a magnificent selection of DOLLS AND TOYS.

NEW TOYS,

from a few pence to many pounds

FATHER XMAS

and hls fairies in his delightful GROTTO give the BEST and BIGGEST "SURPRISE"

6d. PARCEL in the NORTH.

- - . . - . 4', t.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPTON HOUSE

buying the bulk of their merchandise direct from the maker are in a position to offer UNEQUALLED VALUE.

The charming gifts for Ladies, the practical and useful gifts for gentle- men and the delightful presents of every description for the children

CANNOT BE EXCELLED.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTRO PLATE

FURS

CHINA and GLASS JAPANESE WARE

===== 0002601_19121207_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOUSES

NECKWEAR

LEATHER *GOODS JEWELLERY PERFUMERY XMAS CARDS

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. "THE EIGHTS OF ANIMALS "—Letters in reply to Dr. Manson have been held over until neat week. "A WELLWISHER TO CAIRO-STREET."— You do not send your name and ddress, sn obligatory provision in all letters to the Editor.—" ED. Ex."

. . _ . 44Q - -7-e.3 1 f:l7-211..1.. rl ll' , 1 ,• to the ' w.: ...Li 7 ~.. . EDITOIIi.- ',l H ...._. . .4-5,

===== 0002601_19121207_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
CALENDARS

PRESENTATION VOLUMES

GLOVES

In splendid variety.

LACES etc.. etc,,

===== 0002601_19121207_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
UMBRELLAS

W. H. Watts & Co 11

Church Street, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, December 7, 1912.

REUNION WITH ROME.

Sir,—As Mr. Jaye grows older we thust hope that he will learn wisdom and grow in knowledge and humility. It is certainly not wise to jump to unwarrantable con- clusions. The Rector did not mean by "Right Terms" Recognition of Anglican Orders. They need no recognition from Rome. Intelligent study of history is all that is necessary to prove their validity. What he did mean by "Right Terms" is the Renunciation by Rome of her additions to the Faith, e.g., Papal Supremacy. On these terms the Rector does wish Reunion with Rome from the bottom of his heart.- 1 am, sir, yours truly, FREDERIC W. WILLIS. The Rectory, Warrington. December 4th, 11912.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR VICTIMS RELIEF FUND.

Sir,—ln response to our last appeal (kindly inserted in your paper) various sums of money have been received, ranging from 2s. 6d. to One Guinea, and we have been able to send up £l6 to the Quaker Fund in London.

May we mention again that the money is solely to be used for non-combatants who have been rendered destitute through the war. Thousands of the village folk have lost everything, and as the cold weather is beginning there will be no improvement until the crops of next year. May we, therefore, appeal again ilk fur- ther donations large or small. All money subscribed will be used entirely for relief, as the distribution expenses are met in other ways. The fund now amounts to over £6,000 and is growing daily, but the need is great and urgent. It is thought that many be- sides Friends may desire to avail themselves of this., opportunity to contribute to the relief of innocent sufferers from the war and to take advantage of the experience gained by Friends in the distribution of similar funds in the past (notably during the Franco-German \var and the Russo-Turkish ‘var). We hope to publish the subscription list later in your advertisement columns.— Yours, ezc.,

===== 0002601_19121207_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
E. M. BROWN, Penketh School; HELEN M. RAN,SOME, Shirley, Hill Cliffe.

MISS CROSFIELD ON WELSH DISESTABLISHIVIENT.

Sir,--In referring to Miss Crosfield's re- markable address to the Women's Liberal Association last week, let me at once dis- claim any lack of gallantry; but if ladies will act and talk as men they must sub- mit and suffer themselves to be criticised as such. Miss Crosfield, we are told, " re- ferred to moral courage in which women had never been found deficient." No one, even with elementary knowledge on the sub- ject of Disestablishment, can say that, assuming her to be correctly reported, Miss Crosfield is deficient as regards courage; but whether it is moral or not is, I venture to think, doubtful, hiving regard to the travesty of history and facts which her address discloses and its apparent infringe- ment of the ninth commandment. Probably Miss Crosfield is a victim of Liberationist tracts which she has innocently regarded as history. At all events I fear that she will find it difficult, if not wholly impossible, to support her historical references by the authority of any recognised historian. But we shall see. " What did Establishment mean?" asked Miss Crosfield—" It means " she answered, "that the State maintained the church in a position of privilege and set it up over other religious bodies in Wales." Indeed! Now what is meant by " maintained "? If financially, it is not cor— rect. No budget nor any statute can be produced showing that the church is finan- cially maintained. Further, what is the " position of privilege " Does it lie in the fact that the four Welsh Bishops have seats in the House of Lords? If so, this can be remedied without Disestablishment and Disendowment. Again, when did the State (by which I presume Miss Crosfield means Parliament) set up the church over other religious bodies? The church set up herself long before there was a Parliament. If anything, the church set up the State. Would Miss Crosfield say that the prodigal son's father maintained his eldest son in a position of privilege and set him up over his other children? Was it the eldest son's fault that his younger brother left the parental roof? The number of worship- pers in any sect," says Miss Crosfield, was arrived at by taking the number of com- municants." Well, I do not know for cer- tain, though sometimes I entertain a sus- picion, how the number of worshippers is arrived at by the sects, but they are cer- tainly not arrived at by the church in the manner mentioned by Miss Crosfield. The proportion of communicants in the church furnishes no clue to the number of her worshippers or adherents to her faith. But if Miss Crosfield makes comparisons she should take care to compare like with like. A communicant in the church is not, I believe, quite the same thing as a member amongst the sects. Still, supposing them to be the same, Miss Crosfield's figures are in serious conflict with the figures given to the recent Royal Commission. She puts the church communicants at 138,000, whereas the figures in the lists presented to the Commission are 193,081; She claims 533,000 as members for "the three big Nonconfor- mist bodies," and forthwith gives details which only add up to 487,000, being 46,000 less than she claims! Moreover, she de- clared that " the Calvinistic Methodists alone out-numbered the Established Church by nearly a quarter." Well, seeing that the Calvinistic members were returned to the Commission at 170,617 and the church communicants' at 193,081, Miss Crosfield's declaration is a little steep. Ladies are notoriously weak in arithmetic! If Miss Crosfield and her friends arc so certain of the church being in a minority, why do they object to a religious census? Before the Irish church was disestablished, the dis- establisheris agreed with the holding of a religious census. Why not one for \Vales? Not that I agree that this question is one for Wales alone. - Wales may be a nation but she is not a kingdom. This question is one for the people of the kingdom and not the principality. Who fears the people? I propose with your permission to deal with the remainder of Miss Crosfield's speech in your next issue, after which Miss Crosfield may perhaps feel inclined to make some reply.—Yours, &c., 11. J. WESTB.ROOK. Stockton Heath. December 6th, 1912.

Warrington Football Club, and always headed the poll at the election of committee, and acted as chairman until more pressing claims upon his time compelled him to relinquish these duties—duties which had always been a pleasure to him. Mr. Bowers was a familiar figure on the Wilderspool ground, and by both players and members of the club alike be was held in the highest regard. An ardent bowler, too, he will be sadly missed by the Saracen's Head Bowling Club, where in the summer season he had always a word of jest for old companions, or an encouraging remark for any aspiring novice. For many years Mr 13owers was associated with the Co-operative movement, and was a member of the local committee. THE FUNERAL. Impressive scenes were witnessed at the funeral which took place on Wednesday afternoon in the , churchyard of St. Thomas', Stockton Heath, the large attendance constituting a striking tribute to the respect I entertained for the deceased gentleman. The works I of Messrs Fletcher, Russell and Cu., Ltd., of which firm Mr Bowers Was the works manager, were closed for the funeral and the workmen and staff mustered in the vicinity of the church to pay their last tribute to their departed chief. The cortege left the deceased's residence in Walton-road and was preceded by a number of workman who walked in procession. The service in the church and at the graveside was con- ducted by the Vicar, the Rev J C, bins, end the coffin was borne to its last resting-place by the toremen of the various departments. The principal mourners were : Mr Anthony Bowers and Mr Robert Bowers (sons), Mr II Bennett, Mr F Bennett, Mr El Bennett, jun, Mr Joseph Mercer, Mr Stanley Mercer, Mr John Howard (nephews), and Mr J Hughes. The following representatives were present :—Megars Fletcher Russell and Co, Ltd.—Messrs V NV Fletcher, NV Russell (managing directors), and W II nudge (secretary). Warrington Co-operative Society.—Messrs Atkinson, (manager), J Jarman(secretary), T Wadsworth,W Bibby, N Cook,_E England and S H Smith

_ U Kingdom Comrnercial Travellers' Association, Warrington Branch.—Mesara J E Werren,T Mainwaring, G Vernon, C J Hayes. . .

Warriniton Fuoihall Club—Messrs T Locker (Presi- dent), H Ashton (secretary), T Pemberton (treasurer), T Banat, F Barber, W Hewitt, W Chalmers. , Saracen's Head Bowling Club.—Messrs It Shacklady, Sbacklady, inn, M W Grant, A Broady, T lace, F I lace, P Lawton, E Bailey, D Richardson, T Bell, W Fletcher, T Stringer, Ashton Hayes, and Sergeant- Major Day. Amongst others present were :—Dr R Smith, Conn- , cillor G Archer, Messrs F Cl Hatton, F Timperley,C J Smith, T Healing, C D Parkinson, W Mclntyre, W Knight, and G Howard. Floral tributes were received from the following : Employees of Palatine Works, Office Staff Palatine Works, The Foremen of the various Departments, members of the Warrington Football Club, players of the Warrington Football Club, the Warrington Co- operative Society, United Kingdom Commercial Travellers' Association (Warrington Bra rich) Saracen's Head Bowling Club. Mr and Mrs H Rudge, Mr and Mrs .1 H Singleton, Mr and Mrs T Locker, Mr and Mrs Shaw,MrJ VMoore,Mr T J Knowles(Southport),Mr and Mrs C J Smith, Mr T Mainwaring, Mr and Mrs Shack- lady,Mr and Mrs H Bennett,l‘fr and Mrs F Warburton, Mr and Mrs Kay, Mr R E Proctor, Mr and Mrs lace, Mr and Mrs J E Barlow, Mr J Hughes and family, Mr and Mrs Fletcher, Board of Directors, Managers and Staff of the London House' " Few old Friends," "Anthony and Polly," " Fred and Maggie" (nephew and niece), "Jack and Harriet"(uepbew and niece), and " Wife and family." •

===== 0002601_19121207_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIALISM AT CAIRO STREET CHAPEL.

Sir,—l think your correspondents who re- plied to "A Comrade," hardly grasped the , principle underlying his vituperation of ' Socialists and Socialism, and his criticism of the recent sermons delivered at Cairo- street chapel. It is my belief " A Com- rade " did not express himself as he felt, but allowed his prejudice to so run away with him that he forgot the principles in belabouring personalities. I think that I discern that what " A Comrade " objected to in reality was that in the pulpit at Cairo- street other than only strictly theological subjects should not be treated. This is a question, in my belief, which affects the whole of the Christian church, whether Unitarian, Roman Catholic, or Protestant. Are the churches to consider only the best means of taking care of our souls, and remain indifferent to every other condition affecting the body in which the soul is con- tained? Is it right that the church should preach the brotherhood of man while at the same time remaining acquiescent to a social system which violates every principle making for the brotherhood of man? Or is 'A Com- rade " so blind to social conditions that he cannot see that every tissue of our social system is contradictory to the ethics laid down by Jesus Christ? I contend that the Christian church, holding the principles which they profess they hold, should by all means be amongst the foremost ranks of leaders of social betterment. Such per- sons as " A Comrade " commit the same error as the Jews did when they persecuted Jesus Christ for preaching fresh ideas, for preaching against oppression and all that was bad for the general good. The Rev. Dr. Mellor is justified in taking the atti- tude that he hds taken. The pity is that the general public are always prepared to let men who take a bold stand upon social questions shout in the wilderness. Never- theless, I do not wish it to be understood that I believe that those who criticise do not wish for a better state of society than at present. But I think the Christian churches' attitude to social problems is deplorable. Perhaps " A Comrade " will further ex- plain his reasons for taking the other view. —I am, yours truly, LABOR OMNIA VINCIT.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. T. BOWERS.

It is with great regret that %vs record the death of Mr Thi tuas bowers, which took plat.... suddenly at his residence, The Woodlands, Walton New-road, early on Sunday morning. Mr Bowers appenred in gooa health on Saturday, but shortly after midnight he bad an apoplectic seizure, and death supervened about six a In: Be was 62 years old. "Tom" Rowers, as he was affecth.nately called by all who knew hirn,was a man who will be much missed in several walks of life loeally. He was works manager for Messrs Fletcher, Russell and Co. Ltd, Palatine Works, and by both employers and men he was held in the highest esteem. Mr Bowers had grown up with the firm, and iiven a lifetime of honest, devoted service to the company. In athletic circles Mr Bowers wits evea more win ely known and respected. He was for many years closely associated with the

===== 0002601_19121207_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
STORY OF A CHEQUE. BANK SUCCESSFUL IN WARRINGTON

ACTION.

His Honour Judge Stanger, K.C., gave judg- ment.at the Warrington 'County Court on Thurs- day, in the action in which Lloyds' Bank, Ltd., sued John Griffiths, Rylands-street, Warrington, and his wife for the return of a cheque for .R. 28 or its value. ,

Reviewing the case his Honour said a customer named Mr. Dale, of Relsall, near Chester, whose account at the bank had for some little time not been very satisfactory, paid in the cheque in ques- tion, which was drawn upon the defendants in his favour. The bank credited, Dale with the , £2B and allowed him to draw upon the cheque, which was, by accident post-dated. No one sug- ,' gested that it was post-dated on purpose. He I issumed the cheque was intended to be dated August 28th, but the date actually appearing on it was Sept. 28th. The bank appeared not to have observed the mistake, and sent the cheque to the clearing house, but, it was returned dis- honoured by Parr's Bank, upon whom it was drawn. The bank returned it to Mr. Dale, who in due course sent it to Mrs. Griffiths. She took the attitude that she issued the cheque as a con- venience to Dale, and that as he had not done what she expected of him she did not see any ' necessity to return it to the bank. The question in law arose as to whether the bank had lost their rights as holders in the value in due coursel by parting with possession of the cheque. Mrs.' Griffiths said they transferred the property on ' the cheque. The question arose as to whether he was satisfied that the bank, when they sent it back to Mr. Dale, intended to part with the pro- perty and their rights in it. Of course, if they had left the cheque until September 28th, there was every reason to suppose that the drawer of the cheque would have had an account and that the cheque would have been met—at any rate, the bank would have had a right of action if it had not been met. They might have handed it back to Mr. Dale in order to have the mistake cor- rected. The difficulty arose because they had not asked Mr. Dale "please correct this error," but merely handed the cheque to him pointing out that it was post-dated. When they did not get it back in the (course of a day or two, they did riot write and say, "Why don't you return the cheque?" but waited for something like twelve days. They debited him with it. On those' facts Mr. Burgis (for the defendants) contended that he should arrive at the conclusion that they in- tended to part with the possession of the property. The two propositions laid down on behalf of the bank were that they had become the holders of the value, and that, unless they intended to part with the cheque, they still preserved those rights, although they had tentatively released possession. It was further contended that the onus of proving that they intended to give up their rights lay upon the defendants. He accepted those propositions in law, and he thought that the question turned on one fact, namely, whether the defendants had satisfied him that the bank did intend to part with the property in the cheque. It was contended that from the facts that there was no direct re- quest to correct the error, that if Mr. Dale's ac- count was debited with the cheque, and that no 'notice was taken of the non-return of the cheque by hirn for ten or twelve days, he should arrive at the conclusion that the bank had relinquished their rights. On the other hand, it was pointed out that by doing that they were giving up a valuable security without consideration, and there was no reason why they should and every reason whey they should not. Inasmuch as there was an error, it was contended that it was' a natural thing that they should write to Mr. Dale in order that he should correct it. Of course, it was an unfortunate thing that they

did not state what their purpose was when they wrote Mr. Dale. , The sub-manager, however, in answer to him (the Judge), declared that it was his intention that the date should be corrected and that he had no intention to give up the rights or part with the property. Having regard to all the circumstances of the case to the improbability that the bank would give up without ally considera- tion that valuable right of which they had been placed in possession, and to the evidence of the sub-manager, he did not think he would be justi- fied in arriving at the conclusion that the bank had the intention of transferring the property and passing on their rights: He therefore thought the plaintiffs had made out their case, and gave judg- ment in their favour for £2B.

On behalf of the plaintiffs, application was made for interest from the date of action, but His Honour refused it.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BOYS AND THE CARTRIDGES. COUNTY COURT SEQUEL TO AN EXPLOSION

The sequel to an explosion at Latchford, in which a boy lost his eye, was heard at the War- rington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Stanger, li.C., when Reginald Goulding, an infant sueing by his father, Edmund Goulding, joiner, 136, Oldham-street, Warring- ton, brought an action against John Mainwaring, auctioneer, Warrington, to recover .klOO damages for the loss of an eye. Mr. Dehn, barrister (in- structed by Messrs. Diggle and Ogden, of Man- chester) appeared for the plaintiffs, and Mr. Robert McCleary, barrister (instructed by Messrs. Arthur Browne & Co:), represented the defendant. . .

Mr. Dehn, in outlininj the case, said the boy, who was ten years of age, lost an eye under cir- cumstances which, he animated, made the defen- dant liable. The defendant was an auctioneer and an owner of property, which he was apparently developing for building purposes at Latchford. ' Certain cartridges were left lying about on that land by a man Darned Harry Rowe for whose ac- tion Mr. Mainwaring was responsible. Ultimately one of the cartridges was exploded and struck the plaintiff in the eye, which was consequently lost. The land was an open piece of ground on which, apparently, there had been brickworks, and some of the machinery had been placed on concrete beds. Operations were being conducted to blast out the concrete beds and explosives were left about on the land under circumstances which he submitted were most negligent. The land was open, and on one side there was a street of small houses, the yards of which opened out on to the land. There was a shed, in which, if proper ar- rangements had been made, tho cartridges could have been left locked up. The ground was a per- fectly natural playground for children, who were in the habit of using it for that purpose. On Sep- tember 13th, Rowe, who was engaged in blasting operations, went to his dinner at twelve o'clock, leaving a box of cartridges in a drain pipe and placing his coat over the pipe. Almost immedi- ately afterwards three boys, the eldest of whom was seven years of age, came along and found the coat which they lifted up, disclosing the cart- ridges, which they appropriated and ran away. The names of the boys were Harry Taylor, Jos. Rogers, and Leonard Cunliffe. They went to Cunliffe's back yard, and one of them hit a cart- ridge with a hammer, causing an expldsion. Two of the boys wete slightly injured. Rogers told his mother, who made him throw the cartridges away. They were found and picked up by George Sav- age, aged eleven, who put them in his pocket. The next day he and Goulding got some Chinese crackers, and having fired one or two off, Sav- age took out of his pocket one of the cartridges. He extracted the powder, applied a match and the powder flamed up. He then set a light to the remaining powder in the cartridge, in order to get a "bang," whereupon the cartridge exploded, part of the iron striking Goulding in the eye, which ultimately had to be taken out. The duty cast upon people who chose to keep explosives was a very high one indeed, and he contended that where the work that was being done was of such a character that unless reasonable precautions were taken it would involve danger to others, .a person would not escape liability by delegating it to an independent contractor. Mr. McCleary maintained that the placing of the explosives in any place, whether negligent or not, was part of the normal work contracted to be done.

Evidence as to the accident was then given by Goulding and his companions, and Mrs. don, who lives near the open space. Mr. McCleary submitted that there was no evi- dence of negligence. His Honour : At present I am against you with regard to that point. For the defence Mr. Mainwaring was called. He stated that Rowe entered into a contract with him to break up the concrete bed. Apart from that contract, he had no other connection with

Rowe affecting the land in question. Rowe was not interfered with or supervised in any ;way by him (defendant) or anyone on his behalf. He (defendant) never went across the land while Rowe was breaking up the concrete bed. He had never given permission to any children to play on the land. Before the contract was signed he said to Rowe You must take all responsibility," meaning that he must be responsible for any damage or injury that might be sustained through . the operations. Asked whether Rowe was a person of any sub- stance, the defendant said he knew nothing as to his financial position. He had not made any inquiries as to his competence in blasting. Harry Rowe, 1 Plumpton-street, who described himself as a contractor for the dismantling of buildin,s and machinery, said he did not blast on the land in question at times when the children were likely to be away from school. While doing his work he was not supervised or interfered with in any way by Mr. Mainwaring or anyone in his employ. He considered that the pipe was as safe a place as any in which the cartridges could be left,—if the children had left them alone. The cartridges were so placed that they were not visi- ble, even when anyone looked down the pipe. He had no access to the shed, which was kept locked by Mr. Mainwaring's representative. Witness left a Humane Society's medal in his coat pocket, and that also disappeared and had not been re- turned to him.

William Monaghan. labourer, 2 Matthew-street, Marshhouse-lane, gave evidence as to the plac- ing of the cartridges in the pipe and said they were not visible to passers-by. The hearing was adjourned until .December 19th.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

-- From the overture to the National Anthem there is not a single dull moment at the Hippodrome this week and crowded houses have been the rule nightly. In an effective instrumental scena " A night in Egypt," Alice Raymond and her troupe of able players are easily the premier turn. The efficiency of the principal, as a cornettist, trumpeter and born soloist is very marked, her pieces being treated in a very artistic mid feeling manner.. The instrumental selections by the male troupeare also very praiseworthy, being given with skill and precision. A feature of the scene is its magnificent setting, and the effects, especially in the final number—the famous Tschaikowski overture—are very, well done. Wilson Hallett is indeed a very clever and refined entertainer, and scores a decided success with his humorous and pathetic studies of children ; his representation of a married man's trials with a squalling babe after the witching hour, being exceedingly funny in its realism. A fine sample of equine intelligence is seen in Mascot, the white beauty described as the best educated horse in the world. One really marvels at the varii ma feats the sagacious animal can accomplish, and the fine degree of perfec- tion to which its education has been brought, speaks well for its trainer. Gordon Brown, the boy tenor, possesses a splendid voice, which is heard to decided advantage in popular numbers, especially in " When we go down the Vale," and he merits the unstinted approbation which is lavished upon him by the delighted audience. Clara Coverdale's incomparable eight Boston boss and girls, are highly successful in a refined and up-to-date vocal and dancing act. The simultaneous dancing is very clever, as numerous intricate steps are included. Julian Ross is a clever light comedian, and gives a catchy rendering of a very humorous song. Queenie May is a dainty chorus vocalist. tier songs are Pleasingly rendered and evidence artistic taste in choice. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

Next week Lew Lake and his company will present the farcical absurdity " The Bloomsbury Burglars " and the comedy drama "My pal Jerry." Other items will be : Minerva Troupe of Football Cycliste, including Eddie Hughes, ex-amateur champion ; Fred Wright, the flippy comic ; Monty Walker, the Lancashire comic ; Edie Veno, eccentric comedienne ; The Buster Browns, the real rag-timers ; Emily Millard, comedienne ; Irving and Jasmine, enter- tail els ; Ethel Stephenson, mezzo contralto.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE. " Hindle Wakes."

Enterprise usually meets with its due reward and the proprietors of the loyal Court Theatre must feel gratified at the public appreciation which has been shown at the introduction of " Hindle Wakes " the play of the moment —to Warrington. People have literally flocked to the Theatre since Wednesday and even the two performances nightly have scarcely sufficed to satisfy the demand for seats. By arrange- ment with Miss Horniman, lr E T Heys' Company was persuaded to visit Warrington to fill a vacant date—a fortunate circumstance for Warrington playgoers. Mr Stanley Houghton's play has been discussed the length and breadth of England, and its salient features will continue to provoke argument and criticism for a long time to come. " Hindle Wakes "is a Lancashire play "pure and simple" though objection may readily be taken to the appro- priateness of the adjectives. The theme is as old as the world, but the story is so true to life, the characters move before us in such a life-like way, that one hesitates in passing condemnation even cn the naked realism in which questionable phases of the relationships between a man and a maid are pre- sented. Mr Houghton's play is wonderfully clever,while his dialogue has extraordinary brilliance and fresh nese. The human drama is so virile that it appeals to all sorts of people, and maintains an interest which is positively absorbing. The one big query of the play is : Should Fanny Hawthorn have married Alan Jeffcote? 'I bey had spent the " Wakes" weekend together at Llandudno, and the problem of righting the wrong done the weaver's lass by the mill-owner's son is handled with distinct force and originality. Indeed the denouncement is a tribute to the highly developed dramatic instinct of the youngauthor.A mst admirable representation of the play is given by Mr Hey's Company, indeed we cannot recall any rerform- ance of recent date in which so high a standard of maintained. As Fanny Hawthorne, the pretty, wilful mill-girl, Miss B Fairfax was absolutely ideal. Her naturalness was only equalled by her capacity for emotional expression, and she scores heavily in every scene, whether with her own parents or those of her week-end lover. The duel betwet n her and Nathaniel Jeffcote was a fine contest of wills, leaving the mill- owner admittedly " beat " for the first time in his life. Equally good was the work of Miss Nellie Scott as Mrs Hawthorne. In fact, it would be no exaggeration to credit her with the cleverest characterisa- tion in the play. She was a type itself and not a copy. Mr John Cecil makes la fine Nathaniel Jeffcote brusque, determined, straight,and grimly humorous. We have all met him. As his wife Miss. Daisy England gave a finished piesentment.of the Wculd-be lady—but a woman of human sympethiei for all that. The difficult and far from heroic role of Alan Jeff cote was well played by Mr Bernard Copping, and a word of praise is due of Miss Dorathy Day as Beatrice Farrar. Her trying scene with Alan, in which she puts love aside and breaks off her engagement, was admirahly done. Mr F Howard was most humourously effective as ir Timothy Farrar, and the mild-mannered" decent" operative, Christopher Hawthorn, was presented with convincing accuracy by Mr W H Dewhurst. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME. Next week a drama "The Woman Pays" will be presented twice nightly, with matinee on Thursday.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDING. Browne---Welch.

The wedding of Mr. Reginald L. Browne, scn of Mrs. T. Danville, of tt suminerhill," Walton, to Florence, only daughter of Mr. R. W, Welch, of 50, Dudley-street, Warrington, took place at St. Ann's Church, Warrington, on Thursday.—The bride, who was given away by her father, was charmingly attired in grey silk, Bnd carried a handsome bouquet of orchids and lilies. The bridesmaids. Miss, Edith Doraville and Miss• Ada Speakman, were dressed in blue silk, and carried shower bouquets. The officiating clergyman was the Rev. J. Davies, vicar of St. Ann's, and Mr. Thomas Welch, the brother ot the bride, acted as best man. Mr, Milner presided at the organ. The bridegroom presented the bride with a sable muff and furs. The bride gave the groom a gold scarf pin, and the bridesmaids were presented with gold brooches by the bridegroom. The happy couple were the recipients of numerous useful and valuable presents. Following the wedding a reception was held at Atkinson's Cafe,Bridge-street, a large number of guests being present up to a late hour. tinder the presidency of Mr and Mrs T Domville,a most enjoyable evening,enlivened with song ' and dance, was spent. The young couple received the ihearty congratulations of all their friends.

-

===== 0002601_19121207_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH SHOPKEEPER'S AFFAIRS.

At the Bankruptcy Court, yesterday, Sarah Ann Welaby, formerly carrying on business at the house and shop. of 72, Lonclow.road, Stockton Heath, aPParecl for her public examination in tankruptcy. Debtor stated that she commenced business in 1902 without any capital. Her father and mother having previously carried' on the business. She became aware of her insolvency in June last, and attributed her failure to lael, of capital, loss of business through compulsory removal and bad debts. The unsecured liabilities amounted to £126 6s sd, and the assets £l2.—The examination was closed.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
;USINESS HOURS 9 to 8 DAILY.

MARKET PRICES.

WARRINGTON (FRIDAY). FRESH EGGS, 5 Yor Is. SMALL SOLES, Is 8d to 2s FRESH BUTTER, 1/1 LESION SOLES, 1$ CHEESE, (Cheshire) 7d to HALIBETT,Is Gd 10d COD, 8d RABBITS, (English) is 2d HAKE, 8d to is 4d PLAICE, 8d FOWLS 2/6 to 3s each LOBSTER, 2s per lb POTATOES, 4s per Mt EYEMOUTH HADDOCK, 8d BEEF, 7d to lid DUCKLINGS,39 to 38 9d MUTTON, 7d to lid per lb YOUNG PIGEONS, is PORK, lid per lb. PHEASANTS 5s 6d to 6s Brace Bacon, 10d to Is PARTRIDGE, 4s Gd KNGLISEI HARES, 39 to 4s 6d each

FIRE AT WHITECROSS WORKS. Another serious works fire—the second within a week—broke out early on Thursday morning at the works of the Whitecross Wire Company Ltd. and the damage is estimated at about .£.2,000. A brick building with a wooden rcof, used as a Warehouse for storing wire netting, caught fire about half-past five and before the arrival of the brigades of Messrs Crosfields and the Corporation the premises were blazing furiously . Once at work the firemen soon got the upper hand and the flames were con- trolled after an hour's work, but not before the roof had teen destroyed and the building practically ruined.

Several thousand rolls of wire netting awaiting shipa eat for Australia were damaged.

===== 0002601_19121207_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

LIBERAL CLUB V CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY. —Played at the Liberal Club ou Thursday evening. Scores :

LIBERAL CLUB. Handicap 40 80 E Pierpoint A Robertson 55 0 Toole lOO J Davies lOO T Newnes 93 H Littlewood E V Walker R Wright E A Sanders S9 M Cunningham lOO F Mullery lOO J Durkin 3B

Handicap

717 683 Majority for Liberal Club, 34. FRIENDLY MATCHES. ST. MARYS C.Y.M.S V. ST, BENEDICTS C.Y.M.S.-- At St Mary's Rooms on Wednesdas. Scores :

ST. MARYS C.Y.M.S. ST. BENEDICT S C.Y.M.S. Rev Fr Mawson J Whittaker (capt) Jim DolAn Jar; Dolan J Richardson J Coro9ran 75 J Burke F Gatley .... 73 J Donlon 75 R Price A Ray 75 P Leonard l9 -- 427

655 Majority for St. Mary's, 228.

_ ST. HILDAS MISSION (IST TEAM) V WARRINGTON ADU'IT SCHoOL (IST TEAM).—Played at the Adult School on Tuesday. ST. HILDA S. ADULT SCHOOL. F Isherwood (capt.) lOO F Webster (capt.) ...... 1" J Cartwright lOO J Ashurst W Wright ....... ........... 100 A Cook A Hill lOO A Webb C Siincook lOO J Knight El Woodward 52 C MaaWhirter , ~,, 100 J Griffiths --- _

580 55t) Majority for St Hilda's 30. SECOND MAIMS. Sr. HILDA'S MISSION V. WARRISOTON Apr". ScnooL.—Played at St. Hilda's Mission on TuesdaY December 3rd 1912. ST. HILDA'S ADULT SCHOOL. , C Booth 4O J Ashurst (Captain)... 7•1 H Critobley 0 Walker W Paget (Captain) 43 W Foulkes 75 0 Walker T Grounds 75 J Thompson ............ 16' P Shakeshalt

490 Majority for St, Hilda's, 206.

- CrY.I,II.S. TEAM V TERRITORIAL SERGEANTS' NEM—. Played St the Drill Hall, Friday, Nolealoer 29th. Scores 796 ; Territorials, 579.

New District Inspector of Factories. Mr W H Seal (in place of Mr Jackson, promoted) i 9 now the Inspector of Factories for the Afaachester district, which comprises part of Lancashire, viz., the Unions of Manchester Township, Salford, Chorlton, Prestwich, Barton-upon-Irw 11 and Warrington. Mr Seal's official address is 72, Bridge-street, Manchester.

DEATH. MATHER.—On December 6tb, at 23, Rolleston-street Martha Mather, aged 82 years. IN MEMORIAM. in affectionate remembrance of JOSEPIi DUTTON-. beloved son of Joseph and Elizm Dutton, who entered into rest Sunday, December 3rd, 1911. in his 18th Year "Safely anchored."

RRIN oToN.—Printed and Published by JOHN N & Co. (Warri3gton), Ltd., at The qxamentr. Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and publu them at the same place, and also at 2, The r' Offices, Victoria-road, WIDNES. 3, Geor ST. BRIMS. 3, Market-street, EARS Churchaitreet, RUNCORN. DECEMBER 7,

WALEan General ished by

gxantine

•Rge-streel

1912.

.RLiwro,

1

, I

===== 0002601_19121207_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
'I r• i', ) I- . `1 , , 1 ft , • :; , ~ i i. 4? , .., f 5: 1 •,, , , '..i i '1 f . ' , 4 t , .:

===== 0002601_19121207_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
• —_ WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SurIDAY), DECEMBER fini, 1912. MORNING 10.30. EVENING 630. PREACHER: REV. J. G. GASCOIGNE, of Manchester WYCLIFFE P.S.A.—OPEN MEETING TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AT 3 P.M. COUNCILLOR PETER PEACOCK WILL PRESIDE. REV. J. G. GASCOIGNE, OF MANCHESTER, (President of Lancashire P.S.A. Federation). WILL GIVE THE ADDRESS. SALVATION ARMY BAND WILL PLAY SELECTIONS. USUAL COLLECTION. ALL ARE CORDIALLY INVITED.

HIPPODROME 7.0.-TWICE NIGHTLY-9.0. MONDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 9TH. LEW LAKE IN BLOOMSBURY BURGLARS & MY PAL JERRY. HIPPODROME PERFECTION PICTURES. FRED WRIGHT, The Flippy Comic. MONTY WALKER, The Lancashire Komic. EINE VENO. Eccentric Comedienne. BUSTER BROWNS, Rag Timers. EMILY MILLARD, Comedienne. IRVING AND JASMINE, Entertainers. ETHEL STEPHENSON, Mezzo Contralto. MINERVA TROUPE OF FOOTBALL CYCLISTS. Gallery, Pit, Ad.: Grand Circle, 64.: Stalls, Is

PRIMITIVE METHuDIST CHURCH, LEGH Sr CHRIirIA.N ENDEAVOUR ANNIVERSARY. Sunday Dec. Bth at 10 30 and 6-30. 11RELCIIER : MRS. JOHNSON WRIGHT, assisted by MRS. CUMMINS, both of New Zealand.—Oflertories. EFORMED CHURCH OF—ENGLAND lt EMMANUEL CHURCH, BOLD STREET. Services every SUNDAY at 10.30 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. REV. W. T. JAYE (Curate-in-charge). The Church provides a distinctly Protestant Church o England service. All Seats Free. Tit APTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), DECEMBER BTH. 10.30 A.M.: REV. H. OGDEN. 6.0 : Boys' Brigade Quarterly Church Parade. ADDRESS BY REV. J. S. CHEDBURN. Collections in aid of Golborre Street Building Fund.

PICTUREDROME SANKEY STREET. NEXT TO G.P.O. MONDAY & TUESDAY DEC. 9TH & 10TH, "HEARTS AND DIAMONDS." WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY, "THE FIGHTING INSTINCT." FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, "TWO BATTLES."

BOLD NTREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), DECEMBER arll. Morning 10.30: REV. E. MORGAN. Evening 6.30: REV. W. A. BECKETT. All Welcome. Hymn Books Provided. BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) DECEMBER BTH, 1912. MORNING 10.30.: REV. W. A. BECKETT. EVENING 6.30.: REV. E. MORGAN. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided. _

RoYAL THEATRE OF VARIETIES, SCOTLAND ROAD, WARRINGTON. 6.S9—TWICE NIGHTLY.-9. IST ANNIVERSARY OF THE " ROYAL " STUCK CO. MON. & TUES.: "THE UNKNOWN." WED. & THURS : "A DAUGHTER'S SACRIFICE." FRI. & SAT.: "A FACTORY LASS." Full MatiDee *Chursdays, at 2.30 p.m. WO" N F WARRINGTON

riIHE CoRPORA'I'IO- o. INGlis _L prepared to receive loans, either at six months notice or for a term of ycars.—Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington. HAIRCOMBINGS made up Zt- per ca. COVERLETTE I TAILS OF PROM HAIR FRAMES, I PURE FROM 3[6 19Am. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECH ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

J3APTIST CHURCH, GOLISORNE MEET. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), DECEMBER BTh. Morning 10.45: REV. J. S. CrIEDBURN. Evening 6.30: REV. H. OGDEN. SUBJECT: "Swine before Men." THURSDAY AT 3 O'CLOCK. OPENING OF NEW SCHOOLS. PUBLIC MEETING AT 7.30. See Posters. ADDRESS BY THE CHRIS rADELPHIA NS WILL BE DELIVERED IN TOFT'S ASSEMBLY ROOMS, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. at 6.30 p.m., SUNDAY, DECEMBER BTH. 1912. Subject " Zionism : The National Resuscitation of Israel, a Sign of the Times. " MR. T. GRIFFITHS, Birkenhead.

-EILOCUTION. MR. ALFRED PERRIS GIVES A U LESSONS; also Dramatic Recitals at public and private gatherings.-135, PADGATE LANE, WearinglOD. WILLIAM COOKE, F.R.C.0., Professor of Music. Pupils obtained Advanced Honours, Organ and Pianoforte in Associated Board exams., R.A.51., and R.C.M. c.nd Trinity College, London, obtaining exbibi- tions. gold and silver medals, &O.—BROOKFIELD VILLAS, Lvmm. and 121. CHURCH ST., Runcorn.

_ PAIR() srREET CHAPEL, WA RRIN G TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) DECEMBER BTH. preacher: REV. STAN LEY A. MBI.LOR, B.A. Ph.D. 10.45 A.M. : "The Poetry of Revolt. " 6.30 P.M. : "The Coming of the Son of Man. " On TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10th, at 8.0 p.m., in the PARLOUR, DR. MELLOR will lecture on "The Poetry of Browning and the Spirit of Modern Life:' ADMISSION FREE.

BRADFORD BARTON VIOLINIST. MEMBER OF THE HALLE ORCHESTRA, SOLOIST AT THE CLARA BUTT CONCERTS. TEACHES AT DAWSON'S MUSIC WAREHOUSE, 59, SAN KEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

kl. .1 oliN ' 8 PItEBI3YTERIAN CHURL:Li WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. l'"J-MORROW (SUNDAY). DECEMBER BTH, 1912. PREACHER: REV. WM. REID. 10.45 A.M. : " Christ and the Nations. " 6.30 P.M. : " David Livingstone the Missionary. " Te Denim, Oakeley in F • Flopkins in C. CAKE, FRUIT AND CANDY SALE, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13TH, 1.912, To be Opened at 3 p.m. by MRS. THOMAS LOCKER. TREE FF.OM 6 P V TO 8 pIADGAT—E WESLEYAN CHURCH THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12TH. REV. DR. MALDWYN HUGHES (Of Southport) preach in the Afterntion at 4 o'clock in the Chapel lea 5.30, 6d. each, And in the Evening at 7.30 will deliver a LECTURE ON "THE SPIRIT OF THE AGE." Chairraan : C. E. PARKER, Esq., J.P. , Special Collections in aid of New Sunday School.

BO TELE R GRAMMAR SCHOOL—AN EXAMINATION will be held at the School ' SATURDAY, December Mb, at. 9.30 a.m. for the pnrpoae of ELECTING one or two BOTELER SCHOLARS. Candidates who must have been in attend- ance at one of the Public Elementary Schools in the County Borough of Warrington during the last three years at least must be under the age of 12 on the day of the Examination. The subjects for examination will be Arithmetic, English, Gammar, History and Geography. Candidates must send in their names to the Head- master, together with a letter testimonial from their prtsent School, not later than Wednesday. Dec. 11th. VERE B. DAVIN.S. Law Clerk to the Governors.

w Attitth VIOL\ uUIUUttAiIUN iItAMVV AYS MOTOR OMNIBUSES. The ELECTRICITY and TRAMWAYS COM- MITTEE is prepared to' receive TENDERS for 3 MOTOR OMNlBUSES.—Particulars may be obtained from the Tramways Manager, Car Sheds, Warrington. Tenders in envelopes securely fastened, addressed to the " Chairman of the Electricity and Tramways Committee" and endorsed "Tenders for Motor Omnibuses" must be delivered at the Town Hall, Warrington, not later than 12 o'clock noon on Friday, December 20th, 1912. J. LYON WHITTLE. Town Hall, Warrington. Town Clerk.

EI SH DISESTABLISLIMENT WARRINGTON LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. MASS MEETING IN THE CO-OPERATIVE HALL, SANKEY ST. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14TH, 1912. SPEAKERS : MR. CLEMENT EDWARDS, M.P., (Of the Central Campaign Committee, London). COUNCILLOR HENRY ROBERTS, J.P., ME, E. WYNNE JONES AND OTHERS. Chair to be Taken at 7.30 by ME CHARLES E. PARKER, J.P. Edwards will deal specially with the question o welsh Diaestablishment.

AR RINGTOI PEOPLE'S COLLEGE ARPLEY STREET. THE ANNUAL CONCERT WILL BE HELD IN THE PARR HALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 192-H, 1912. MISCELLANEOUS PROGRAMNIE. I'RTCES s—Reserved Chairs (centre gallery), 23.; ved Chairs (body of ball), Is. 6d. ; Reserved Seats gallery, front row only), is. 6d. ; Unreserved, ' and 6d. Q,ll.ildren Half Price to all parts. Tickets may be ‘lined from Teaobers and Scholars. of Reserved Seats open at R. H. PEARSON'S te Street, Wednesday, December 413, at 9 a.m. irs open at 6.45. Concert 730 prompt.

COUNTY BOROUUH OF WARRINGTON. TO TAILORS, HATTERS, &c, The Paving and Sewerage Committee of the Council of the County Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive TENDERS for 36 SCAVENGERS SLOPS and 36 SCAVENGERS HATS. Samples may be seen and forms of tender and all information obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall on and after Wednesday nest the 11th inst. at which place tenders most be delivered before 12 o'clock noon on Monday the 23rd day of December, 1912. The lowest or any tender not neoeesarily accepted. ANDREW M. KER, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Borough Engineer and Surveyor's Office. December 6th, 1912.

I‘l\/ ARRINGTON INDEPENDENT LABOUR PARTY. CO-OPERATIVE HALL, °NDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 9nr, AT 7.95 p.m. "CASEY," IN HIS FAMOUS LECTURE AND VIOLIN RECITALS. ADMISSION 6D. AND 3D.

TRE WARRINGTON PARISH CHURCH (Past and Present) CHORISTERS ASSOCIATION. A PERFORMANCE OF SPORE'S GRAND ORATORIO. "THE LAST JUDGMENT," 1,1 4111/ WILL BE GIVEN IN THE -SR CHURCH, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12R. AT 8 P.M. PRINCIPALS: SOPRANO: MISS MAY ATKINSON. TENOR Mu. JOHN DRAPER. BASS: Mu. J. B. POOLE. AND CHOIR OF 60 VOICES. ORGANIST AND CONDUCTOR: A V. M. DAB BY, Esq., Mus. Bac,, F.R.C.O. Collection will he made on behalf of the funds of (vve Association, and, as these funds are solely Or the support of the Parish Church Choir, the 'eeation are requested to contribute generously to

ARRINGTON INFIRMARY.—ANNUAL CHILDREN'S BALL IN THE PARR HALL JANUARY 7TH, INS, 7 To n P.M. 'N BY TAN MAYOR AND MAYORESS OF WARRINGTON. Nt GRAND ENTERTAINMENT. -13REN'S TICKETS (inclusive of Refreshments), 3s. each. Strictly limited. a. GALLERY TICKETS, 6D. each. • 414 ES HENRY SMETHURST,I. Hon. Sec. B_. JAMES HOUGHTON, ) Met. HOD. See. 'oerY Croft, Warrington.

PRELIMINARY NOTICE. HOSPITAL SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23RD, 1913. A. J. JOLLY, Hon. Secretary.

ARRING'ICN SAVING S BANK Certified under the Act of 1863. ESTABLISHED 1918. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of Trustees end Managers will be held at the BANK, Buttermarket Street, Warrington, on TUESDAY, the 17th day of DECEMBER, 1912, at 11.0 o'clock in the forenoon, to receive a Statement of the Accounts and the Report of the Committee of Management for the year ended 20th November, 1912, to elect a Chairman, Vice-Cbairman,Trustees,Treasurer, Auditor, and a Committee for the ensuing year, and for any other Business relating to the Institution. Dated this 7th day of December, 1912. WILLIAM A. PROUD, Actuary.

REVISIT AFTER ABSENCE OF 4 YEARS. PARR H ALL, WARRINGTON DECIEMBER 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 AND 14, 1912 A SIX DAYS GRAND FLORAL EXHIBITION AND SALE OF BEAUTIFUL ARTIFICIAL FLOWERS, MADE BY BLIND AND CRIPPLED GIRLS, In connection with JOHN GROOM'S CRIPPLEAGE and Flower Girls' Mission (Incorporated), for the recep- tion and training of Afflicted, Blind, end Crippled Girls. (formerly known as the Watercress and Flower Girls' Christian Mission, inaugurated 1866 by the late (Seventh) Earl of Shaftesbury). To be Opened by MRS. HENRY GREENALL, ON MONDAY NEXT, DEC. 9, 1912, AT 3 Under the Presidency of ROGER C. PARR, Eso., J.P., D.L., Supported by the Local Clergy and Ministers, and Influential Ladies and Gentlemen. A Contingent of the Afflicted Girls will be at work each afternoon and evening making various kinds of flowers. ADMISSION FREE. NO PAPER FLOWERS. Open each following day from 11 a.m. to 9.30 p.m. Music each afternoon and evening. , Refreshments at moderate prices. ALFRED TROUGHTON, Manager, Parr Hall, Warrington.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRIN GTON. Proprietor, SIR JOSEPH BEECHAM. General Manager, MR. A. M. LOADER. Acting Manager, MR. H. L. WARBURTON. Telephne 7=o TWICE MCCORT SAY 9=o MONDAY, DECEMBER 9th, 1912. FRANK M. THORNE'S COMPANY in the Great Human Play, entitled THE WOMAN PAYS MATINEE, THURSDAY, DECEilta ER 12th, AT 2-30. POPULAR PRICES Early Doors, Stalls 1/3, Circle od, Pit 6d, Gallery 3d. Ordinary Doors, Stalls 1,-, Circle 6d, Pit 4d, Gallery 2d.

6.2 OTEPHEN M_OSB & SONS LIMITED SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS STEAM, GASolc OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXE AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, Ac. WORKS • /WA DF.MY fiTREET WARRINGTON

I .1 ATCHFORD STEAM LAUNDRY. FIRST-CLASS LAUNDRY WORK IN ALL BRANCHES. DYEING AND DRY CLEANING. CARPETS CLEANED BY VACUUM PROCESS. SEND POSTCARD AND VAN WILL CALL.

Distinction and Dignity. Only in garments shaped to your f gure and adapted to your personality can you get the distinction and dignity which mark you as a well-groomed man. Every garment we make for you is a study in good taste. It has been made to fit your individuality as well your figure. His characteristic of yourself. Also—we have one of the finest selections of cloths in Warrington. The LOUNGE surr from 50/. The OVERCOAT . firlMll 45/- BOYDELL BROS. TPLILORS 43 BRIDGE ST. WTIRRINGTON

CHRISTMAS GIFTS IN ENDLESS VARIETY AT HODGKINSON'S LTD.

BUY USEFUL PRESENTS. WILCOCK & SADLER are offeri'ig some useful articles for the Christmas trade. The quality is dependable and the prices are moderate. English Axminster.Mearth Rugs, 7/11, 9/6, 12'6 each. ANTIQUE COAL BOXES, 5/11, 6/11, 8/11 each. UPHOLSTERED WICKER CHAIRS, 10/6, 12/6, 15/6 each. AMERICAN ROCKING CHAIRS, 16/6, 18/6, 23/6 each. DRAUGHT SCREENS, large size, 12/6, 15/6, 18/6 each. PORTIERE RODS and CURIAINS, in great variety. DOWN QUILTS, 10/6, 1416, 1 8/5, 21/- each. ALL WOOL BLANKETS, 1 1/6, 13/6, 14/6, 15/6 the pair. A good selection of DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, DUCHESS SETS, HOLLAND EMBROIDERED SIDEBOARD CLOTHS, CUSHION COVERS, 8:c. Walk a few yards down CAIRO STREET, and see our Window. wiLeeeK & SADLER, WARRINGTON.

A SURE REMEDY FOR 'SMOKY CHIMNEYS EXCELSIOR MOTOR WORKS PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT, 171, LIVERPOOL ROAD, WARRINGTON. FROM ARTHUR MOUNFIELD, TEL 99 BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, H. HAYES, PROPRIETOR. DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. IF YOU REQUIRE ANYTHING in the MOTOR LINE Red or Salt-glazed Finish, las. 6d. Prices Quoted IT WILL SAVE YOU MONEY TO GIVE US A CALL or Fixing. Illustrated List on Application.

WHEN BUYING FURNITURE Or ANYTHING FOR THE HOUSE have a look round MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, the Shop lately occupied by HUDSON & DUTTON, Ironmongers, is now SUTTON'S FURNITURE SALEROOMS,. With a Complete Stock of BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM & KITCHEN FURNITURE, BEDSTEADS & BEDDING, CURBS & FENDERS, &c. Give us a call, inspect our Reliable Goods, note the prices, and the order is ours SUTTON'S, opposite FRUIT MARKET WARRINGTON, DELIVERIES FREE.

11. ROWSON AND SONS, B. CUNNINGHAM, FRIARS GATE, WARRINUT ON. BREWER, WINE, SPIRIT, ALE AND PORTER MERCHANTS, MINERAL WATERS, CIGARS, WARRINGTON. CROWN ALE CIGARETTES, &C., &C. OATMEAL STOUT, Delivery free by own Carts, or Carriage EXTRA *TOUT Paid to all parts. TEL. 137. TVLFORAINS. " Rowgnr. Wmrrinetrm."

GO sAm N GREEN THE SPOT SHOP TO (FISH MARKET.) FOR EVEIRIFTI-111SIGr.

W. ISHERWOOD & Co., Fancy Drapers, 24, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON. Special Deliveries for Xmas. Special value in Ladles' and Gent's Gloves in Kid, Reindeer. Suede, First Choice and Picked Skins, 21- to 6/11 Per pair. Blouses and Ladies Shirts, over 300 designs ; See our Windows for Bags, Belts, Hat Pine, in Fancy Blouses to choose from. ' Pendants, and Smart Acceptable Presents. Creme and Coloured Delaine, 2s. 111 d. to Just to hand, Irish Linea Handerchiefs 3s. 10s. Gd. to 8. 63. half-dozen. Handsome Jap Silk Blouses, 4s. 11d. to 21s. Initial handkerhiefs Linen and Cambric Smart Designs in Black Silk and Material , Irish Hand-embroidered Handkerchiefs, 3s. to Blouses. ' is. 63. half-dozen. Several entirely new things in Net and Ninon Smart Lot of White Fancy Aprons, Mob Silk Lace Blouses from 49. 11d. to 15s. 6d. Caps, Dress Caps. See our Windows and Showroom for the Special orders at stock prices. latest in Blouses. Fancy Boxes for all Gloves, Handkerchiefs, Blouses, Belts, Bags, &c., found free of charge.

:. ,:. , •,.•,-.-..:., •••••:.;•,,,,,,,•,t..,,.., , t,,',.;-, •; i ii•l7".;-•ol=i • •-•., -, •••••• ' •,•-•,,,,3-".,4, ••••••--..,,,3',‘,.....,,,,,,,:,qp-z•--,,,,,....7i(V.,...,N.:,;•,,,,,,,-.•:..•„,,,,•;:';-,...,:..•.,i,:,,,:1-1,•::,:'Y.:,:iii.,:.•-•:,-;:i0.i..i..0:A?•:•q..'• - - •' 4 •--1 -1, ,-•-• -- ••• - A •••••• • /4..,':-:;-,,,,141,,,,..1),; - . -,••••• ?•••••.•;Yis:;••6'--4'.,?..,:,:i- •• "•::;:-: •-•-• -- -, • --:•;,;•<]..,!ic,-.,* ..:,:q.....,•;;;•;fi,,,,,,,•:!.,q.-,..;;:•,9,;.:x1i,ti.,:;.•,:•;,.9..::•_•,.,:,:tv.:,;:,:::•:?5.,4,,,,...../44iii,F.;,,...,:,,....8,•p5...,.?i,;;•,;:•;••,,, ;•;:•:!;;;;:a1c.,,;•.;••1!,,i-,?•!?,;%.;:zt V.:';',;l*.*::,:•t:',:•%':•:::',' '4: ri,,::::,M.,•;: 1:•:1:.:••,•3•,,,,AN•rayt,..z*:••.-:,•:, ;.•:•,...;A:41,-••••,P, ~,..:, ....,.. 5 ~,......! ..,i...t..§.• ..,,.:.,,,,,i, .r..,..i,::;.;.:,, ",,j.,. ,':-,,-.,,,•,....-...,....._:',.`.3.4i;:_ftfri1etiifi.4.5.t4f.,%:,4V4,;.-4,,,Ziiiff.5•A:,..•,,.:i 4,-...ii tf, :,..,_:,,:‘,..*4?.,:,,y,.,..-..:ie,,,1NV:..y.z.:,.;::.3,1,1i7k.:41.11,44•1.;533,,(1::,1h.4.3:;:•:',..',:,3:F4'.7?:1;:::•),',V:',',..,i4Z7%,,71.V.4,3P.iYii-:,:',Z5..;.3%iii;:),"4;3113.33V.iti:1%?, 3!'3.:Cqjl'•='%,:'l`,:.::-g'.:',•:'siii ::''',,:::::.'l,:-.. :.::::,:3', '•:' -,!..': : ...';',..':':.":.",=:'..'L.5".;,•57,',..;.'.1i.....,'5':,:fA.,,:"..?:..f;C"P..fi'1:c40M:':i5C1iiif61'.Z:';.;',.:1F.ii .::.(ii:ll.-':::V:eiii.lti3?:'.•:.lYßl:i'.filii.4':ge,:tl;:l'.a.lqAW.Z?:M4:6.4':':•:?:6i:S:444JA:T7-1."-;::0131A,Y:Ciisi:-.-.P.37F...1i.:V.P1331ttfilitii&egf,•f›::•;filiii#516:'/Z7.7§Nr'.:•'-':.`;'3,,,,,;•;F•iii:r.;fi-,Mi:!:•:;:i!tir,:M.,4,.:Z? -L::::::..:.:,:::1:.;.,:.:.:.,;.1, ' .--'-i-.:''' ." ' • ''''' - -.-.'"‘ .....,:::iilooad,S,..4o,ol'ftsl,!;:ri.: !Ar.ii.W??lii•:s):VMVAClFigf,WW:lB4Mll:'o4:6;?g,',WEAPltV.iiiigasiesrnflOyeigt/i7.c7.....fiVFV;:::::,V(i'--,.:o.fiEle4g:.?l,l,•WiN.,;Kq:•;t:T".i`.:. it' rij LEs • -........,,,3,.,:ii,A,,r.p...v4i5iw.4i'...4v.:,,,.:-•245k -:.,,.:,.,./,-.?..!..-;:57.,7-:,,vvii.iiii.kkr.„.iti4;..-.,..•*;?,m3.,..:31-fi.f,*-,1:•:.„m:g7,-,:;:i;i4kife,..:.412,p-Ft...,...qemt:;?i-i--,:,„•4sgii•iffi;e:...;•-i,Ei*::l;,,:%,..vi::.loti:iitalvs.,;i•-,:v:!piiFiffifiNm.fiiti•F:,i!.,.-g:,,fitiiil ::::,..,,,,,,,,,:7,iii::•„„,„,•„..,•:,:ft,•••.:::::.:,,,,,..,,/..,:„...y.,.:F,,,,F.,-,,,,,;.::.:,.:...:,,,,,,:.:.:.,:::,:::...t„....a.,,,,•,,,ii,......,..2.,:..-,„.4.,.-.,:::.,,,,,,,, •; -. ~- . • . :: OP Trl -. ;•••W:SiP.;l4"F:Oi'jkf-IigAIAWI-.,:f::-r--, ;:,- ' !fig:Tn..4.,.4P(ON-I.'ark:P.... a,llM:zfllth:z=:;'l,l " ' '''' ' . '''''"'i:?'"'''''''''''''''J'::;";:::""*ViZ.l,:i'lle;:Oti:'...A§MlAN/•: ' ':::'., -', :-.'• '' ' . B I LI, I A RI.A. .:. • - 'i' ..-'-'l-.--- . --- -.-. i~',. HRvE yoca SEEN 'il-,--'44,-a/4-:...., ;,......„.,.:,....„;,;.-4„.,......,:):,,..„.: „:&4,,..,,,..• ~.,,If•-•44....t,fin„ip,/,..i,..-/:::,,,......,:-..,...:.,:si, F., Fz s T Rom N c„ ~.,:,;:,,,,,,::.,!.,71tir, j:i.:.: ii-. 1 ..1 LIESITETTA LITNIEQyz- ....I.:A.''';':';'l'.ls.:'''''.:4.l:'.: '-' --- -.3"milil--C I'VE IN.lar\l THEM 111,;:r KNocKE_T7 ouT IN ,;:-.:,trir0.,::M.,/,‘,44-01,,..,yp0g.i..k.w, . 740 Li RE NOT' !, . ' • ' .'. ' \. , .. _ 7.,.-4 .rza .. TI-1. RE p RiIE3BER. f,,,,,,.: TtiE . % A TRIFLE . ALLOWED A i . • : , _ ~-..-.. . _- - ~‘,.,,.. ~. pt. AL i . , .......„.a...;;; , ..........:..:... ~.. ~ ;-:,„ ~ • - „,:i..?g,',lfti;-'7,.:4';A:AtiA voimEri, mireve- -.4.. .-7 ,-,...,,,..../.:::::: :'. . :,,,,,i0,,.,,,i1P4•A`.,,,,45,?',..., imillia-• .-- -____,'" i 1 " 44 :..:::,,:lis.:.:iigt.ti•Ffif.3,,::iiliai.:::4• " LoN ~..,,,-_ R E s-T " .: . 11,..1 i s WILL ~_ v,•,.•,,....,,,,:::,,,,,....:!:,:. , ..,.,..i.,liiii:. -• , , zs,pitvp2E,?.,:-.,•i;Thoft -411 ("‘<"'4:.;g:f • • ..')......,::iiik**c'•,'i, \ ~•:.•,•:.:,,-•:.,i51i, (i NIT% 1-‘IP/1 A A ....,_ ......- \ - • f'/zio :::,,,v. 7.:•%J.,41f0,-1.3;1,0:4-,-4, ____ _______,lum-sf.unizaLrk "rzzif i - 0,0010ke...*N.M14. UN LESS yoE' - ..;0. .-f • :':' ••.i •'.:'i N •All .':,::;.c.!.......::. i . • ••••-.,;:i.t.gfP,.!iigifqiiitAif..6,,,.:',::.s-. PL-Pli 1.%/ Ca_ < :9:-40-i•VSR.P),:t: . ...mmL.A.Emmits,__ • -','4:!g:.,.405..-44,,?'?!:-1:/- •--- . --- • -.- - - - -.- , StPE-SLIP - . - -- ... 111 .-..-sfi..,-,,,..,-. -•-•-• -fii\••,.......,. •••••_,i_ ••;,....,,,,..,..,:v.„..„:„..„,,.„.„.,,i,.:,....,.„„.„..,„..„:.:,.,....n.,::„...,......,,,,, , .... ---.•;.„..,;;;;;;,,•;;;;;;___;,;.,,,.,..:::::::;....:,.....,:..,_.....")...,...,.,6:....•..-.........-...,.,i,•••,...„:_:,,,.,::,,,._,,, , ..... _ 4 (i'-(- - ------------.---/...k. I=-..,3.Y.,?..,i1aiwe. $.;13,,,, .:.y ~,,,,,,,x,-.1.„....,w,,,1. ..,.• ' .'.-..-er?•••-',",,P.V1/,-.3.,4,.....,3b.....,,,,,,,,,' 4 / f::::-'7;•:';:,, -.:- . Hik . ....,.::„i....1f, 7.7,..,...?'..,„..,..::.:3.•:.f: .6314,1.0.1,r.'74.:".„,;.,.k.37::.,1..i.:5im5yr7.1:.,...,: :,....,,,,,,, .„, ,-..:0.v. itl. • ~...,,,,,,.,.... . . - -- . ~ :, ~. 4,, , •rrS' gg:s;, i- Vi A'Z , i?..',4-•.Y. ;;‘ di• .•,7:Ailig,F,:il-,i, .1..; . ...'''.i.k`i.' ' fir :•''.:;:..iiYl.:.ii':•;i;.'',:•; ' r - ' Ni• 4 - /1 • r 4%0-4' 4.tcF.i., 0ut..., •I• . ..,. ~ ...... • .. .' '' ...:,.',...„.‘,..,::., . ‘' •-•-•-.."-'2.11- ' -. . '.' 4: :...''' '6..1.! ..:if1.,..., .....,...... •A',4,,,-:•-• • : -.. r. r(- ~,,,‘,. J : ~,, ~, . : , , .0 „ - _ .:: . _ , . ___ •t'A.5:!•:„. ::-::: •i iiifttf.lo;f4' • • : :. ' .'"f :'• ,' "'":-,' i• I pel j•', Fog -T-tios FLIES ..,,,,-- -- . ..-- ...... :.. .. • ~... . . . . ... . .1.5,1".•:::,:!,:',1.,:,:,,, *M: .:''''' '-'::: ngr- ,.E:•,;•:;,-' ",,,,,,e6?-,..i.•;,:ii,1c:',.: .".....,,, _____ , , ... I Si*, ) -, ~i--7....,.,. C,V... 4....2-,..‘" 4.1 , 1..,-..---,...... ~ -_- 4:- 17'.7e..- i Ilia • 1 Ilosillairmi --I . ` ........__________..---,-,,,,,,.„ - _........"-dl i if ,-- , a" ~,,,,w,2::-,OV;g;:ff::: .......; , ..... ,4 . . r, i -----2:---'-- ."=----- --- -,, •-,- -IV ___ _ _ ~... ~_,.......,,...,„....„:„.-..,-:::,:::....:,,,,F.,!:5,,,,,!:,-„,-..-,,,,... .7-"...,,,"--:,,,:.</":arvi,g,Ait.-•;4<:....v..y.::::.,,rr,p•,-.*:,....,,,, ~. --7'N„,,,,Amenimmiammi OFF THE , ~ .-.•:.,._ ~,,-,....,,::m--.. - :.:. ..4-.47,::::......tr.,....if..9.,,v.,,,,........... EyE - BALL_ \ •--",'------. , i!. --Q4'1,:n1.:::::, ... -f:.::: MI GHTy 11 m E :;, -P . ..::::•,,••,:.4.4-::::'•:••..V:::,;-','iii.,),Z;:-4:Y4t,',. 7:?.,W,•;?.M.ii:i.,-.,•i,i•i,.:- .- " /41"-:-.;1-..-- ::' -:::-::.:,• ..-.- , _ -L - ( '''',.!c,:•*.;;;*::P"'''..-1 gliklatel,es.,/;;-:,0,.:;,::::::ir.::::,„ ~, ...,...„ ~-.77,--••••• -'1 0, 1'.,.-!;,,tS•gt.'-• -, . : •ILT I IN' TRIS , ' -iii laii,,.. 14A-.0.4q rgkZ',:'. . '-..' 7 ' Viii4}:'S.T.tW;L'.t:,7s,i'? .............. FOUL ..• 4....... ...._ , .:',..., $., ':::'X':•?,714:14%;:1",;i://., ....mft,'"'''''''': .'. , ': d' • ..s.;i?,. ''''.:•',Vg.V.l.Fij?..44%V.Zilek: r'.6,441144%. tft.- ...., " ' `1?..,\W11%bi",...., aft. a:!•*44:::ii,ii?,,k:‘,',4,;,,At:V4...i:=,...1,.., , . , ~,,,,,,....z...1,,...„.,;1:,,,,,,,,, •, II ~,,r•N PENALTY, • is_ ''............._-, , ;.„:k. ~,_GAME LIF ~..,,„,.,.,::,;,,..q.-:::,..-„,,,.. ,::,,,..-.!,-.:1.,,A,..?...m.i.:,:.::... ..,-4.,,:.1!..1:.-:-...v.,:*,:-..,ii,.,•,.:. ..:-.• . . ~.,y4y....,..:.„.,,,.-5f,,..51,.:::,,.„: „..,,, ~ 7 -' 1 r,;.) 4-zt --"%r--...,.. --:-.,,,,,,:.-1' . ::::-.;.,..:',.:i1,':,,:...50.(0.&•,.ifft,•;•.:0,40110-r.,,,.. •' .. -..-7 I ',4-4-i-Oi;"'''' ,r'"" giii • (.7 h -,x.i. 1 ~. ~., „„,,,...sz.:::.- •.,:: e-,--- ~ ins lu, ik3;.?:-o.l.gpei -,:mwmtr.r.,v;›;,,,,..:1:7,::".- • ••• - tz .- , - ..,T.:::: .: ;-::.„7,:..,-,..;;;;;;;:•.-...,:,;-;;:::,-;.:;;:f....:•;,.Z;;;'' ~,' • :,.: 7- p .&.r.."%., -.. - ••'''' ''''''.- • 4 LI: .•2 , t Nig ......„.._.,,_ )14.0' ',""':' ''. : -',- Si!' ••'- 4 4.-, :: ' .1' -• • • '...,,,,X.,•••.%•:::•,...,..r.5.,5:;i:(1;;;;.v..•,,,:5„.:.,.:1 :,r,i , ~ ......„ , , , _ .. ~ j i f, ~,,.. ......:"_„,,,,,,.......,„...."'' : .----- ----- 'ft.., 4. ...,...........1 El :-'''...."', D4'•••-",•• N - ---:•;',1:*:.,,-4,,,-; ---- ' '..,. , •--.:,..:;::-AFS,M.W.Q.4*t:,:,:r7:- :‘,'!, ,ge Vw4/7%. c..:',74 f.... ---:,-,,, :::,•;;F.,•-•:1.,•:;,,,_ ,- -' : ••••••••-•,,:1::4,..?:-...-,441,.,..,:i, f....,::, ~ „::*.Ai" '. -;:i., -- _----- ,:______ 7...,-.....-..----,',....._ ..,,,,v i . ..". i ..5.......%-,,,„,,........_ , , ...... ..;.:, ,::;.•:.iii-,•-,,4g:i:-::ikiii::::,-,...;i..;,::- 0...ti,*..-,--.. . _...,‘„,,,,.., .e., II , . 1;, * -.1 _.....,. --44,..--vorei... *-•• .-%'-'. :$446._ -..., •.',-:•:,'-:•iMf.'p'N',•',itgAii.?j,riP'''.. ..*.'.4.11 .....,,- CERTIFICATE , . ... , , • --....-.... a Wr- ( -•." ...... •c . '' (:1, trA LA- UP, I'vE ,"** - SCOOPED THE THE' Tc3R-TLIREs g ' kl"ir, etS.4., . - oF -TIAE RAcKi______--- 6,11:*---Zt.T.. 4/..'1/,.. r...4\ . g.iilP ,„,y-'.....:- ----4:5:.-- '..--"------ '----- ------ ~...---..----... -•---- p • t----t_ POO 1-* r __-=------- --7*--=-----,--,------- r • --r; _,... 4(1....a /-rii/ EREs SOME SCREW rv-z, ON THIS CUE • THE ONLY lOLIS AA r . , 4 .--______, c - 411:.4 C .O..LECTION . ..- • I I‘o•A TI P IV E LEFII, ............., c C4.1.14111".' ' .*TO '"Viimit' --- 'ller•se SIR IS FOR. ' 4111 i ill - , . , THE DERDY 1 SIR ..----rt - ' , ) , t `• ..... r tygi 7: 4. „I:0 61 .i) .... , .4.-„,...-.,•;. , I I m ft„ - •,, ____-___ •••--,„-- i• , .....,_ . ....," ' 4111 , • tl ..,449'N2 I !,:', 1 :1 - • • o...ktcr ..,....... -,:.;, •,./ " ," ;..::', *: ";?.:!-.':;';;','f:'. • I 1 I ------:. /. ~.:.-.±j.:''.:1,;::,.::..,•;;;f•-•' Y.'', :7',:l V 1,:•.:•••!?:"..._,-. ...,•:.? ..'' (N-----,--- . -•,:-:,,-, ~'4.i7.t?;"•••.•:::F.!,'::•;•:;':i: '•:::.'::Y:? 1 ''' -i''''i.)';'''''. ' ..''''''''''''''•'''''': ::;:.;:4.5 .I :. '::/i'f:-.::::'''' '-' ‹. '-':4.'...i...;'•;,a;?: ..,:-.,#A •.‘:.f::%, i,- .1 / f., , :?.i.:,..,g,'..., ..._ ":,.:!.:(if•A:,•?::?:',1,:i-rir•ii,,, - . . :,:-...... .:11.f.::;f:44...,:-.:, J!..,:r.,-• „.::-.-i-,•.*i;•,:..-:- .----

HOCKEY. LATCH FORD. The First Team (minus Knight. and Travis) lost 3-1 against Swinton Park on a frost bound and terribly bumpy ground at Swinton. Swinton got two goals early on which gave them every encouragement and they adapted themselves to the conditions. The proceedings were however somewhat faroial and considering the bad state of the turf and the frost, the match should never have been played. Some of the visitors got nasty. knocks which prevented them playing their usual game. The Second Eleven also lost 3-1 at 14Ome. The visitors scored early and hanged the ball about dangerously, considering the hard ground, and there was no proper hockey. The game was the reverse of enjoyable, as the visitors were too talkative, apparently losing their heads over their early success. Latchford had them penned down for three parts of the game but bad no luck with their shots at goal. The Swinton

SURGICAL & RUBBER APPLIANCES. Our 1913 Illus?rated TO-page Catalogue of Surgical and Rubber Appliances, Belts, Elastic Hosiery, and Rubber Goods of every description will be sent free with Sample, if you write mentioning this paper. LADIES before parting with their money on so-called remedies and cures, should send for Free Sample of "Triumph" Tablets (Reg). for all irregularities. Guaranteed Effective, invariably under one hour, however obstinate the case. Remember the Free Sample has Cured In Thousands of Cases. Sworn Testimonials, with Mother's Medical Book, full of useful hints, advice, information, and Sample will be sent you Free if you mention this paper. Prices 29 & 4/6. LE BRASSEUR SURGICAL MANUFC. CO. Ltd. John Bright St., Birmingham. Works—Pamay.Paris. •• SttreivAl. Blrmimrimn." ••Ardeshir. Paris."

o!iening a church bazaar at Hanwell, Lady St. Helier said tbat she believed the Church of England owed more to bazaars than to any other agency for raising the wherewithal to carry on its work. ,

BEST HOUSE COAL

sANTAL Mi D‘{

These tiny Capsules relieve Kidney and Bladder Trouble In forty-eight hours. Dull; Capsule bears the name " Midy. Sold by all Chemists, or post free Se. 6d., from WILCOX & CO. (Dept 50) 49 Ef ATM ARK ET, LONDON --..••••••

THE WHISKER REVIVAL. (According to the latest rumours, whiskers and beards are again to come into fashion. As they may he adoptcd by our political celebrities, our cartoonist suggests a few styles which might be cultivated by the gentlemen depicted without destroying all traces of their identity.) zr,— ' IT ,,m,,.•11 „J.- ,- ...-; 1 ril‘e cv2 ~,A1e,,./.54y/m rc,- ,spi , 11,1 „blifil II 111., "IN it „ , . , ~.-=,„, of' -:-,-.11,.i-. -ft -..,.... !I rllllllllll9 11111111111111111 Il' ' ] C‘,) C,, ' TufM . .1 11; ,!, ~ I „4.- ?,, , ill r"--- ~--_, . 1111 ~,,,,,, , ,i. ___, ~,,,,1 ~. , , W3O4\'JAVI c pit, i ,ilill , t ~,/ •,, 0\ `l•'/ , ...' Aill[ 1 '' I/ If 64' / ill 1 f i ~.. , ' ' 4•kt'6' ' ' ' .°` 1 ~, . '. I 10 \ -",,,;,,,,,, '1 -OP l' i • Jil I it' \k,, lilif I ..... . i-1-11,, v itli .11iNiii_,N:1111 i 11 ~./11 . 11 ' .rtV f / .... \..., . ~ ~A., . ~..... /41.1.:-, ..... • i 11 0 Njki IJA ' i )/ It- i- '4:;;'":. h Ir' ~, ,' 1 i( 1 ~, 'A, . 1 y,f • 111 S 0 ,-;, 14 .`"*."-ifil',..• Ili ,ii 1 Xi/ 1,11 sViee 1i0,41 i , I 11 111 11111 lh i ,iii, --\ 'NI i, li \ .. •i 411-7- ....1 I\A, I'g Np, 41N: ,-01 . 6n\ii, __-- PC '''' '. v s I 11111111111 r iNe Cf43:(6°N .1/ I/ • ....... c. , c- zAe , 1 ii(k1V,,,,,, , 7 • 1,14 , Ke 0 (INy( 5,1,4 \_ aqier-.,,,, ,f • , ''(/ k . m '( I\\S6l/4131\111\e -Xi ' -i /, i 1•••••• • iil ,f ._ . •f.-.---v3,,,-, ...- . . ---:'-- --; h, 1 :11 ir zi di' i\O ti'l, iryß 111 C I ...._ .. x ~ ~ 110, 7 '•,e---- •,,,,;y, • r2...:_y) _ _ _ . .. ._ F

.NILI S TicirAtiottSio Wants Domestic Servants. GOOD -PAY FOR GOOD WORK IN A LAND OF SUNSHINE AND PROSPERITY. To approved Female Domestic 1 Servants Reduced Passages are granted from £3. Forfunthen parfredars and illustrated tatnifhlets apply in tentelett (0— The Agent-General for New South Wales. 123 and 105, Cannon Street, E.G. The Agent-General for Victoria, Melbourne Place, Strand. W.C. The Agent-General for Quemsland, goo. Strand, W.C. The Agent-General for South Australia. 85, Gracechurch Street, E.G. The Agent-G,eral for Western Australia. 15,Victoria Street, S W. The Agent-General for Tasmania, 56, Victoria Street, S.W. , . THE HIGH COMMISSIONER for I AUSTRALIA, 4 • 72, Victorii Street, Loodoo, S.W.

Take Care of Your Skin and Complexion During the Winter. BEETHAVS a_ro a This Dainty Toilet Preparation protects the skin against the effects of Frost, Cold Winds, and Hard Water, and prevents Roughness, Redness, Irritation, Ch2ps, etc. WILL KEEP THE SKIN IN A PERFECT CONDITION ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Renders the shin Soft and White, and adds a charm of youth to the complexion. Bottles ls., 2s. 6d., of all Chemists and Stores. M. BEETHAM & SON, Cheltenham.

Don't snuffle! You make people alck—you keep yourself sick. Secure relief In 10 minutes front Colds, Catarrh, Headache or Influenza. Cure that cold, You can do it if you exercise common sense and use only Dr. Agnew's Catarrhal Powder. It relieves colds and catarrh and cures headache in a few moments. Rev. L. McPherson, Buffalo, N. Y., says: "Dr. Agnew's Catarrhal Powder relieved me in 10 . minutes and is a blessing to mankind." rk. Agnew's Heart Cure relieves in 30 nilnules heart disease and nervousness. Sold by H.M. ASHTON 4.45 HAROLD SMITH ettemists. warringtou and Boras Casa Cunnus

with which he had had to deal, he did not know of one which bad been approved by the Local Government Board with the works in such close proximity to dwellings, unless it was impossible to obtain a site else- where. The erection of works on the site in question would depreciate the value of surrounding property enormously. To deal with the three parishes separately would cost much more for land alone (even including Lord Barrymore's gift of two acres) than the larger scheme would necessitate. It would also demand throe pumping schemes, with the attendance of men night and day, and altogether the cost would be thousands of pounds in excess of the combined scheme. He defied any engineer to prove otherwise. the inq Airy was adjourned until Tussday at 10.30 a.m

LIVERPOOL. RAY & MILES, 34 to 48, LONDON•R One of the Largest General House Furnishing Emporiums in the North of England. RAY & MILES give THE BEST VALUE FOR easn ONLY. Hotel and Boarding House Keepers and those about to furnish have £lOO,OOO worth of FURNISHING GOODS TO SELECT FROM.

CATALOGUES FREE ON APPLICATION. T3lephous —l3ll Royal. Telegraphic Address—" Furnishing, Liver pool CLOSE ON SATURDAYS AT I O'CLOCK.

WEDDING REJOICINGS AT DITTOS. 0 At the Calder and Mersey Extract Works, Vi"°lVe a of Mr Richard Howro Wednesday, there were signs of jubilation OA, the occasion of the marriage eldest son of Mr W H Ho wrold, the managing uirotor of the the firm, to Miss Joy Carter, daughter of Lietttenting 7 Colonel Carter, of Bexhill, Sussex. Flags and b,rti° decorated the works in honour of the even;ente• Howroyd has received already several valuable pre' tiro Shortly after. the honeymoon couple return t:'Bos, to will entertain the many workmen and their the number of over 300.

THE EXAMINER Series OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES : frHE WARRINGTON EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning, the principal and oldest weekly paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketti Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, &c., being one of the largest and beat weekly papers in Lancashire and Cheshire. The district covered by this paper comprises a large tradin- and agricultural tract in South Lancashire and Mid Cheshire. MHE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in the town and district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. fr HE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. MHE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. The largest local paper containing the news of Earlestown, Newton-le-Willow', Golborne, Haydock, Lowton, &c., The district thus comprised is a most important part of Lancashire coalfields. THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published ever y Saturday morning, circulating in St. Helens. Prescott, Parr,Stitton,Peasley Cross,&c.,—the centre of • the glass, chemical, and watch trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2e. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 21 9d. Is. 10d. ... 38. Od. ... ss. Od. 32 ... Is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 7s. Cd. 40 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ss. Od. Bs. 9d. 48 ... Is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

Cionservatory or Bedroom Oil Stove, with regulating X-) adjustable stop, ss, carriage paid, partica free.— J. B. KNIGHT, 142, Queen's rd., Dalston. 64 PAGE BOOK about HERBS and How to Use 'X Them, free; send for one.—TrumNKLL, The Herbalist, 194, Richmond rd., Cardiff. Established 1879

VIOLIN Outfit, complete, case, bow, &0., cam paid 18/6. Splendid instrument, oopy of Old Master —MlitslcaL SUPPLIES, 182, Ramsden rd., London, S.W BEST prices given for Genunie ANTIQUE•S by PHILLIPS AND MACCONNAL, The Antiqnarium, Castle at, Liverpool, Antique Furniture, China, Glass, Lustres, Pictures, Silver, Curios, ttc.

I AL/lb& geuutud ; medium irame ; kJ metal gear case ; free wheel ; two brakes; equal new; £3.—Miss CARRINGTON, IG, Upper Church at., Oswestrv.

LOU h. A 5 years guaranteed correct timekeeping watch, 30 hours wind, dust-proof case, with strong dounle chain, 3s. 7d. post free. Genuine.—HONEST'S, 99, Junction rd., London N.

9llk'.Cpienuiu unouguout NEW DUNLOPS Upholstered French grey spare wheel and tyres, hood, screen,lamps ecc.. only 55 guineas. —73, Vianwick rd., Warrington. Y tLe bald Vaugnan's tiairgru'er " speedil produces luxuriant hair. Host ast onishin results. Trial box 6d.—F. VAUGHAN, 30, Ferran Avenue, Wood Green, London. N.

XMAS IJUVti, SL)IISU WWI LaUtitivlue ladies' duplex handbag ever introduced, post free 4/9 ; thousands sold ; iatisfaction or money returned.—CovlLLK AND CO., Itord, London.

d IUAL baver, cuts coal bill in ball, simple, cheap effective ; anyone can make and use it, printed instructions mailed 7 stamps.—lftwirg, 3, Jones's Build- ings. Upper Thomas st., Aston, Birmingham.

problem of the choice of suit:tole Xuout Presents a solved by sending for the beautifully illustrated Booklet of seasonable gills sent gratis and post free by P. E. °ANC, LTD., Furnishers, Newport, Mon., and at Bristol and Cardiff.

WALLVAPERS, direct how Mill ; pr,ces nom per roll ; patterns free ; state wbether cheap er better class patterns are required ; any quantity, small or large.—WEST RIDING WALLPAPER CO., Dept. C., Trinity st., I.Peds.

Etatl bk ,1J 1 tit mui.ey rlpturueu tt Lot, baub- tied.—The very latest fashionable tailor-made skirt, in all colours, sent earring., paid for 3s. Gd. P.O. ; state colour, length end waist.—BRADFORD SPECIALITY Co., 24, Barry bt., Bradford. •

AKNOWLEDGE/ of Practical Matheruatics is essential to the proper study of the Eugineering Sciences. Send for particulars of our unequalled courses .to ME CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING MATHEMATICS. I-14rlev rd. Blnckponl.

i 1 UTLERY, presentation set, Su pieces ',est, trentet,.. A-i Knives, "Everwhite Silver "forks and spoons, 215.: 30 pieces with nickel silver forks and spoons, lbs. 6d.; carriage paid; lists free ; samples 18.—PARTRIDGE, Manufacturers Agent, 159, Wandsworth rd., London. K E HAIR ritu r t. u. Flairto wta uy A usingi s P 9411 t. EbSotjt:,-lenc'ol‘ntk3aAini's aufficient of the preparation to make the hair grow, it kills the gem n 8 that destroy the roots of the hair and nature does the rest. PRNSCOTT. Weston, Runcorn. JEWLLLERY BAlittiAll'ib. Dist:Loral uf btocli. Heavy Solid Gold Flexible bracelet Very heavy Solid Gold Flexible Bracelet £2l3/6 Heavy Solid Gold Curb Flexible Bracelet Solid Gold Necklet St Locket Pair Solid Gold Gent's Cuff Links Fine Diamond Ruby 3 Stone Ring, ISct. Ladies Heavy Heavy Solid Gold Signet Ring lO- / Ruby St Opal Butterfly Brooches Solia Gold Miniature Locket Sz Necklet , Money returned if not approved in 3 days. P.O's MARTIN & CO., 23, Wootton rd., London, N.W

MUSIC AT HOME is best obtained by learning to play an instrument. VIOLIN OUTFIT, complete with case,bow,&c. (correct copy of an Old Master), 18/6. MANDOLIN & CASE (Genuine Italian malre),l7/6. CONCERT FLUTE,Cocoa or Ebony, 8 German Silver Pillar Keys and Slide Head, 18/. PICCOLO (D, E flat or P), 6 G.S. Pillar Keys & Slide Head, 6/6. All articles sent CARRIAGE PAID MUSICAL SUPPLIES, 182,Ramsden-rd.,London, S.W

VI"pHE U AlAl.:18/4 —lmmediate reijel. Nurse Cross just arrived from California with a wonderful remedy, the miner's treatment ; 3 days supply for is. P.o,—Address BELL WEIR, Esharn, Surrey. W"mlialitinclappaereTrb L 1,1 RHEUMATIC ALL iiA 11 SUFFERERS. Since Mr. Lindon has decided tali put his rheumatic cure on the market, he has been inundated with applications for his remedy and is now forwarding a three weeks supply for the nominal charge of two shillings. If you have tried other remedies and hay obtained no ',diet do not despair, but send at once to R. LONDON, 22, Coronation Creseut, Duk infield, Cheshir

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding House's _ RHOS HYDRO.—FREE GOLF, eacellent catering golfers' week-ends, winter terms.—Tel. 200 Colwyn Bay. LON DON.—Norfolk Hall Hotel, 157,Enston rd., close Euston, King's Cross,St. Pancras Railway Stations. Bed, attendance, breakfast, 3s. 6d. and 49. 6d. ; highly recommended.—A. C. YOUNG, Proprietor. Telegraphic address," Rodneydom. London."

T4ONDON.-WILD'S HOTEL. FIRST-CLA6S TEMPERANCE. 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. Central for Business and Pleasure. Elantrio Lift. Flossu COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS. AND QUIRT.

QT. ANNES-ON-SEA. DOCTOR (wife trained nnree will receive in private house one Lsdy or Child as guest or, patient.—ltaucaorr, Riley-avenue.

20TH ANNUAL SALE OF HIGH-CLASS STOCK OF GENUINE DIAMONDS AND JEWELLERY. VISIT IMMENSE IN THE REDUCTIONS THE WE INCLUDE A DIAMOND DEALER'S STOCK OF SALE DIAMOND RINGS, ALL IN PRIME CONDI- TO—DAY TION. EVERY ARTICLE • WARRANTED. SAVING .10/ TO 12/6 IN EVERY _V °A./ SALE PRICE LIST FREE. DAVIES'S, 30, LOWHILL, LIVERPOOL. WE CLOSE AT 1 WEDNESDAYS. USUAL PRICE cow-11-F• SALE 27/15/. PRICE LARGE DIAMOND & PEARL pENDANT. LARGE MAGNIFICENT BRAZILIAN DIAMOND HALF-HOOP, containing 5 purest white, thick, deep, heavy X27depth andperfectly corroautrch. matched in shape, ri of matchless quality, 'full of lustre SALE PRICE and prismatic lire •, slightly second- hand, but IN DISTINGUISHABLE Zl3/16 to new. Now offered at half original price, very fashionable carved 18- carat claw setting. Our guarantee and advance guarantee of £l2 10s. goes with same. DIAMOND HALF-HOOP, lovely 5- 212 Stone Diamond Ring, pure white large gems ; first water; dazzling whiteness, SALE PRICE neat carved setting, platinum and 18- carat gold ; will advance £4 10s. Also X4/19 Superb 2-stone Diamond Cross-over RinM very fine gems ; our Price £4 198 usually £l2. 18 EMlgMig Usual SALE Price. DIAMONDS & SAPPHIRES PRICE £2 7-stone lustrous, neat claw 12/6 18-et. setting £3 DIAMONDS, 5 stones, lustrous gems, claw setting (another 19/6 275, heavier) £4 DIAMONDS Fr, SAPPHIRES ,5 stone double cut, sparkling £l/6/' gems,lB-ct claw set half-hoop £4 DIAMONDS & RUBlES.grand heavy 18-ct. claw set, full of £l/12/ fire, lovely gems £4 'DIAMONDS, 5-stone double cut, real brilliant diamonds, heavy 18-ct. claw half-hoop (Others at 45/-, 471-, & 50/-) 2l/15/al £6 DIAMONDS, 5 white,'lustrous, large perfect stones, rare value 18'et' heavy claw £2/18/- setting USUAL SAM PRICE ICE £3/14/6 PAIR DIASIOND SINGLE STONE EARRINGS FASHIONABLE 18ct. CLAW-SET LUSTROUS PAIR OF REAL BRILLIANT DIAMOND EARRINGS; also a Smaller Pair!ditto, £2 14s 6d. Also Larger Pair ditto. £5 19s. Also large PAIR CLUSTER DIAMOND DROP EARRINGS, 18ct. wires and safety catches. Sale price £9 18s, usually £2l. Also pair of Triple- drop Diamond EARRINGS, genuine rare old Brazilians intense fire, Sale Price £l3 10s, originally £24 ; will advance £l2 10s. REDUCED DIAMOND EARRINGS. DAVIES'S SALE I XMAS GIFTS BARGAINS SALE PRICE. 21/—NECKLET, Diamond Cut, solid Gold, strong 10/6 20/—LOCKET, Hall-marked, Oval, Engraved 21/—SIGNET (Gent's), plain Shield, Solid Gold 9/6 I 20/—LINKS, Solid Gold, Hall-marked, plain 21/—SIGNET (Lady's), Solid Gold, neat Shield 9/6 25/—BROOCH, Real Diamond, Solid Gold 42/—SIGNET (Gent's), Heavy 18ct., Gold Shield 271- 50/—BANGLE RING. (Gent's), 18ct., wide band 36/- 60/—SNAIE. 18ct., Heavy, 5 coils 60/—LOCKET, Fine Diamond Centre £B—WATCH BRACELET,RusseII's self-expanding 79/- £2S—PIN or STUD, large Diamond, special ...£ll/17/- £7—LOCKET, very large Diamond Centre £3/19/- £2O—SCARF SLIDE, Mut., large Diamond £s/12/- £4—PIN STUD, claw set Diamond £4 —SNARE RING, 5 Diamonds. 18ct. Gold USUAL 0515. PRICESALE PRICE ow£l/17/6 15CT. 5 STONE DIAMOND & RUBY BROOCH 50/- SALE PRICE 25/- GOLD CURB PADLOCK BRACELET STYLISH SOLID GOLD CURB AND PAD- LOCK BRACELET stamped every link, Stylish and effective ' • also another ditto, chased links: at 26/-, and plain ditto at 30/- usually 55/-; also Chased GATE PATTERN, with Padlock, 28/6, usually 60/-; also Lady's Curb and Padlock Bracelet at 35;-, usually .£4. Also massive Square Curb and Padlock 52/-, worth Li. Also massive Gate pattern 45/-; Cable 48/-, Massive Curb and Padlock 44/-, usually £5. Also large heavy Chased Gate pattern do, £2/17/6; Usually £6. Over 200 Bracelets. All Reduced. DAVIES'S. OVER 20$ BRACELETS TO SELECT FROM GUINEA GOLD IV EDDING iNOS UINEA v v EDDING -11-VINGS WIDEST AND HEAVIEST 22-CARAT PURE GOLD, REDUCED 7/6 TE THE POUND. FINGER-SIZE CARD FREE. 2716 RINGS 35/- RINGS 45/- RINGS NOW NOW Now 20/- 25/ 35/" PERFECT FIT BY POST. THOUSANDS NOW IN USE. ALL SIZES IN STOCK, RESENT OF SUGAR TONGS AND HALF-DOZEN TEA SPOONS. DAVIES'S, 30 Lo owEHLL. AVMS.% 9 WEI ILL.

ON SALE.-,-.20 new and second-band GOVERNESS CARS, Rail Cars, light bandy Milk Floats, Gigs, Broughams, Landaus, etc. : also 10 new and second- hand Lurries, 8 cwt. to 16cwt , suit any business three self-coloured butchers' Tartmouths, 1 butcher's Hawk- ing Van, several cheap Traps (mostly rubber-tyred), 40 sets new and second-band harness, Gears, Chains etc ; over 100 Vehicles in stock.—Apply EDWARD ORRELL, 260, Manchester rd., Higher Ice, Wigan. Tel. 412, Wigan.

nusinPases to sell or to buy,write now for particulara —GOMERSALL'S, I-311841M! Agents, Blackpool. ALL PERSONS kiAVINO BUSINEEs SS To SELL are advised to consult Mr. r^......WDELL, 20, Muscrun at., Warrington. Bool{ FOR SALE, Royal Liver Friendly Society, about £5 10s. ; good old family business, easily collected ; agent superannuated.—Apply R.tSTOREY, 99, Willis at., Warrington.

IJ AttEtiOUISE TO LET.-3b feet x 30 feet well lit, dry, hot water heating.—Apply EXAMINER "OFFICE. Warrington. 9, PALMYRA SQUARE, rent £34 year. 143, KNUTSFORD ROAD, good Shop and Dwelling house, rent 118 year. PENKETEI, Good Cottages, 2s. 6d. and 28. Bd. week. 34, GENERAL STREET, rent 4e. 34. week. GOOD WAREHOUSE, with Cart Entrance in Regent street, rent £l6 year. MARKET-GATE, Warrington, good Double Office, most central position in town; good light; £lB. tlpply ROBERT Lowg, Estate Agent. No. 1 Bank Street Warrington. Telephone—No 66.

ESTO £5,0 0 0 LENT DAILY ON THESE TERMS for agreed period -- .€5 loan, Repay £5 10s. £25 loan, Repay £27 10a £lO „ „ £ll I „ „ £33 „ „ £l6 10a. I £5O ~ ~£55 £2O ~£22 £lOO „ „ £llO No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special attention applicants from this district. CHARLES PAIHIN, 219,BRUNSWICK ST.,OXFORD RD., MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON ST.. (over Bradley's Clothing Shop) NORTHWICH. BUSINESS BY POST. MONEY IMMEDIATELY LENT FROM £lO TO £l,OOO. A Gentleman having a considerable amount of spare Capital is prepared to make immediate Advances to Ladies, Clergymen, Gentlemen, Farmers, Shopkeepers, and any Respectable Householders at a moderate rate of interest on Note of Hand alone. Business can be completed entirely by post if desired. GENUINE TRADE BILLS DISCONTINUED. STRAIGHT- FORWARD DEALING tND STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Write, stating full particulars and requirements to J. GRIFFIN, Minories Chambers, klinories,Birrninghani N.B.—Don't pay Fees or Travelling Expenses, and don't give a Bill of Sale before applying to me.

£3 TO £l,OOO. This a the only office where Private Loans are granted to all persons in need, without publicity, or Moneylender's routine. If you require a Private Loan and honourably intend to repay, then waste no time on tempting adverts, but apply direct to ED. LIPMAN. It is admitted by hundreds of clients that my business is conducted in a straightforward manner. Repayments can be arranged as follows, or as mutually egreed upon. Weekly. Loan .£5 „ LIO r• £25 s £SO £IOO INTEREST FRONI 2/- IN THE X. NO CONNECTION WITH ANY OTHER OFFICE. C. COTTERILL (Manageress), 21, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON.

TISS MAUD L. BOOTH, A.Mus.T.C.L. (Soprano Vocalist), Pianoforte, Singing Tlaeory, &o.—Apply Messrs. C. H. and J. Dawson, 59 Sankey st., Warrington.

THE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS WARlUNGTON.—Kindergarten and Prepara tory School for Boys.—Principal, MISS DRING L.L.A.A.C.P. Staff includes B.A. and L.R.A.M. Half Term commenced Wednesday, October 30tb, 1912.

ST 0 OKTON LODGE 171.1U1:1 SCHOOL STOCKTON HEATH, WARRINGTON. (3 minutes from car terminus,) Day and Boarding School for Girls, Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys. Large house, extensive grounds and playing fields. Racellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great Sucoesses in examination. Prospectus, references, and views on application, to MISS PARTINGTON. Principal.

• ESTABLISHED 1860. CHRISTMAS GIFTS AN ENDLESS VARIETY. Dainty, inexpensive and of the very newest and most up-to-date character. When at your wits' end what to give in the way of presents a quiet look round our magnificent selection is all that is required to end your worry. We will post you a specially tabulated suggestion list free on receipt of Post Card.

.- Olumbia-Rena DOUBLE Records , SIDED rds ,v At 001, _...,VE',4%•-% - 'l,-\.--;`" '• 4 ' '' 1- - XMAS ..,, , „,,,L.A ~,,, _,) tiC-OkOS ...., ~ ry The XIWAS SELECTIONS of COLUMBIA RECORDS are really a treat, We have them all IN STOCK. Come and hear them. There is no need to send to a town miles away. Come and HEAR and SEE what you are buying. COLUMBIA PVIACHINES are known as the instruments that NEVER BREAK DOWN. ASK FOR CATALOGUES FREE.

NOTE THE ADDRESS: THOMAS TAYLOR, , GRAMOPHONE STORES, 61, PRIESTLEY STREET, Bank Quay, WFF I I\l GTO IN!

31-EDDESTI DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. BD. EACH. WHOLESALS BY J. GEDDES it SON LTD. WARRINGTON

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHOLRODYNE. The old and tried remedy th at Eton the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA,NEURALGIA. REFUSE to be put off with Is SUBSTITUTE. The original can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME is. lid.. 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d, the prices ' • DR J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR DISPLAY OF DOLLS. GREAT VARIETY OF TOYS. FROM DECEMBER 13TH TO DECEMBER 28741. A CHRISTMAS GIFT Of An Additional Cheque with A Half-Pound Or Two Additional Cheques with One Pound of Tea. THE QUALITIES 84 PRICES OF TEA AS USUAL 2/2, 2/4, 2/6 and 2/8 per lb. THE NATIONAL TEA CO.. 16, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON.

GREAT SALE OF GRAMOPHONES! FROM 17/6 RECORDS 10 INCH DOUBLE SIDES,Is. 6d. EACH CYCLES FROM 2/19/6. BRITISH MANUFACTURE. LARGE STOCK OF ACCESSORIES AT CUTTING PRICES, MUST BE CLEARED. CALL AND SEE FOR YOURSELVES, OR WRITE FOR CATALOGUE. W. H. HEATH, 73 & 75, WINWICK RD., WARRINGTON

XMAS 4 • GIFTS FOR 31101iT3EZ.linE3COXICSE. SPECIAL DISPLAY. PENDANTS, GEM RINGS, BROOCHES, SIGNET RINGS & NECKLETS, EXPANDING BRACELETS, WATCH BRACELETS Solid Silver, and Eleotro Plate.

MILLER & 10, SA.NKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TEL 386 a.

By B.M. King Appeintmen• T George V. to Kendal Milne & eo. ANNUAL Xmas Display IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. Evening Gowns, Theatre Coats, Furs, Children's Party Dresses, Blouses, Gloves, Real Lace Dressing and Tea Gowns. NOVELTIES - In Silver, Eiectro, Brass, Copper, China and Leather, suitable for CHRISTMAS PRESENTS ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET sent post free on request. 87, DEANSGATE, NANUIESTER.

JE WELLERY. SAVE ss. IN EVERY ON YOUR PURCHASE. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED LIST FREE. CASTLE-DALE CO., 1, UNION STREET, LIVERPOOL

PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESSER. GEO. DAVIES ez SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. PRiem ONTAT, I"ORRIC4N P I,TRINTT TAWQ

Xmas Presents USEFUL AND ORNAMENTAL. SPECIAL SELECTION _OF DOULTON WARE, CONSISTING OF ORNAMENTS, TRINKET SETS, TEA AND DINNER SERVICES, PLANT POTS, FRUIT BOWLS, &c. FINE STOCK OF SILVER PLATED CRUETS, TEAPOTS, PRESERVE DISHES, CAKE BASKETS, BISCUIT JARS, FISH AND FRUIT KNIVES, CASES OF CARVERS AND CUTLERY, etc. J. S. GARLAND LATEST DESIGNS IN BRASS AND COPPER COAL VASES, SPIRIT KETTLES, PLANT POTS. GONGS, LAMPS, &c. UNRIVALLED SELECTION OF HEARTH SUITES, COMPANION STANDS, COAL CAULDRONS, &c. A VISIT OF INSPECTION REQUESTED. See Window Display for examples of above. SHOWROOMS: 51, 53, al 55, BRIDGE St., Warrington.

Useful Christmas Goods.

Coal Vases 2/11 to 37/6. Fancy Tables from 21/6 Wicker, Cane and Occasional Chairs from 6/6. Oak Trays from 2/6. Axminster Rugs from 5/9 Sheepskin Rugs 23/6 to 39/6. Also fine Range of Eiderdowns, Cushions, Cosies, Damask Cloths, Fancy Linens, &c. E. eO2ITES, 72, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

XMAS PRESENTS FOR HOME COMFORTS. MAKE YOUR SELECTION FROM THE BEAUTIFUL STOCK at Lowest Prices in the Kingdom the ioneer If over 40/- will be delivered free to any FURNISHING STORES, Railway Station in Great Britain. BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. Xmas & General Guides Free.

.we ..,:...1.. ___ ... .... :.. 5. , SAVE (5...:,,,e.• .: ~„o,*„tr-i , ,;, ......„0,....;,,,. :. ....T.,,,,r , -L...r A ..-s , L . -.A,. •., i 'V r i 0fq.;,!;.... Llij 5 4044"::;,--;)4_4.--.---.-,,cs,..-* - A V A ' * ...e, 1,,,, 4 I 0 ie4 , ed°o 0 4 8. ti ‘l4, There is nothing to equal our Plum Puddings for purity, I !? wholesomeness, and the richness of their flavour. They are , immensely appreciated wherever once used. If you want to give '3: your guests- and y ourself a special treat at their Christmas i dinner, don't forget to serve one of these delicious, fruity plum ,4, 0 puddings. We guarantee the ingredients to be absolutely pure, fresh, sound and of the best quality, and Home-made. F , Vie m. OWEN & SON, . i Family Grocers, 19, SANKEY STREET, ...ip sp WARRINGTON, ~e4it rdle

Xmas Gifts! Xmas Gifts!!

NOTE ADDRESS: JOHN FINLAYSON PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER, JEWELLER &c. 42 florsemarket Street Warrington.

the relief of rates had his sympathy at all, but there was something to be said for a corporation who were so moderate as only to appropriate 50 per cent. (" Hear, hear " and laughter.) Alderman Bishop, in reply, said he did not see, if a company embarked its capital in a business of this sort was entitled to make profits, why a municipal under- taking should not have a reasonable profit too.

_ ORLICKS hot ensures sound sleep. No cooking—no trouble—simply add hot water. Horlick's con- tains 97% valuable nourishment; t feeds and steadier the nerves, aids the digestion. A re- creating food for weary workers. Malted Barley, Wheat and Milk in powder form. 16, 216 &111-. of all Chemists, Grocers & Stores Wee te Dep6l9B Vor Free Sam¢le and Booklet HoßucK s AULT= MILK Co., Slough, Buck. LTED MILK

.. , . ~ ' .. . • , „ .<4,f_47.,:1t,..„,,,,,...4,. >.:.,,z,.i,,,,,:,.....A,,i,,,..,:i,.;;.,>:...!-:.lk.''.l.;:‘'.':::. - , , 1-.' • ' 7...,.,W`ki:,,W:`).., : 1,,,i'',-. ...5... •!:....*..7,414:345.,•;•;:-.4;:, N:41.1.t4-4::,,,., I ~ . , ... .•..if‘.,,p;,2„1,;;5:-.p,;,-1.ti..,i,.:.,.;:.:.• .. MINI -. 4 ' . f:'7s. ••:•.'it' • ' . - < -'„....:• "1 ,i 4' i ;.'.l"eii- 1 „„...,,,v4, . ' <••,,:`,,.•,. a‘ -..--,„,.:. 2 •,%1:17.,..,17.`t't ','‘^'‘ $ x'... -.',s' . . ' ,A.,'..>';'.,' .'44'..,; '. ', ,• ' -" ~e4,1et.,, : ''' 2fi'''''. ' ''':i '' ' '` ' ." •,".ii- ,* i ' l'' 4,‘,•;;,.T,q ' :?..,....$ , Itri;:', ' ''': -,,, • ' 1 I ) 'I 4 11 . i . , • ', - -- , _ _ 1 , • ... , . .. . _ ' - f* . tz*WM5 • . ..., ~......... , , „ ..,,...• ' ' . -- .a • I gall Sig , ... ...am ...I.

IN MATTHEW HENRY'S CHAPEL, CHESTER. The original pulpit, and a tablet erected in 1862 to celebrate the bi-centenary of Matthew Henry's birth.

. A. to • .. ( , I d . . I WIPIR:1119[11101iWLIN:11 , When we travel we all try to leave troubles behind, . but aches and pains arc apt to make themselves ' felt wherever we go, spoiling all enjoyment. Those • Home Companions Holloway's Pills and Oint- ment—should also be Travelling Companions— Remember! Holloway's Pills—the Pills which give \ strength—make you " Fit " and Well. Holloway's Ointment—the Ointment that soothes and heals. - HOLLOWAY'S PILLS cure Constipation, Indiges- , • tion, Biliousness, Dizziness, and Sick-Headache, so ' frequently induced by change of air and other attendant conditions -- Holloway's Pills will be ' found a sure and safe remedy. HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT cures Cuts, Bruises, Abrasions, Rheumatism, Stiff Joints, Sprains and Strains, and quickly relieves Colds, Coughs, and affections of the Chest and Lungs. , _ Of an -----'... ''.. -------------= 1/11, 219. and 4/6 rinfor"... and , per Drug :,--='', , ------- Box or Storm ........,---, - ,i. . . ......"--4.4..,:-.-: Pot. 41. `"-• —,---. , ..,_,......, _ , , _____: , _ ...... _ _____. - & - Itz• 4 • • (r - - 111.11/%' . ' !..11".--: . 101/4* Make. __..- ' at,...-- ~, ( sure ••••••• 1 . icig ,P -----,-----'---'".-- ---..-'-- - ' ~,, s , ray 4, ----,----- ----- --______---. you have , ) ' - -liow_exeryou travel„-- / , them _ . with you; , 0 ,

s lik

WINTER ILLNESSES How the two-fold action of genuine SCOTT'S Emul- sion ensures winter health and strength to resist or overcome the ill-effects of cold, wet and exposure. • Genuine SCOTT'S Emulsion has a 37 years' reputation as a strength-maker before, during or after illness. SCOTT'S is more than a medicine and more than a food. It is both medicine and food equally valuable to man, woman or child. Its two-fold action is tO build-up the system and to soothe, heal and strengthen the throat and chest. SCOTTS EMULSION -,v, The strength-making and curative virtues of genuine SCOTT'S •I Emulsion are proved by the recommendation of doctors in cases of COUGHS, COLDS, NERVE WEAKNESS •) :1 AND BRONCHITIS, BONE WEAKNESS WASTING AND ALL THROAT AND CHEST b i 6 1 AILMENTS OF THE , I' • , CONVALESCENCE CCNSUMPTION. Trade Mark. BE STRONG ON SCOTT'S

... __... „ . IDEAL PRESENTS. atieffavenuaziamEmenEEN - _--- BEN s s- NI s ,_.. ‘4,,,:.,,,..,• :,---,- li,,i-fi1,,,„,.. ..-,...04.,..,•;,,,,-, ~_,. • ,-,., ,_;,-~, " PERFECT SAFETY" SELF-FITTING •-•- .4t...--lw-1-7"-- Open Face, '.- •F Half-Hunter, LEVER WATCHES £B.Bs. Smaller, from £6. £ll, Warranted Timekeepers. • Contain important improvements to be found only in their make. They fit any size wrist, and are made in several qualities, in Gold from £6; set with Gems from £.17, or Silver Cases, with Leather Strap, from £2 2S. HIGHEST QUALITY at Lowest Prices for Cash, or the Economical and Equitable "Ms" System of MONTHLY PAYMENTS is available. _____............._-.........„ i...- •••,.i'vr.',!N•:l..l--40' BENSON'S --tittit-dt.ti7 6 Diamonds and FINE GEM RINGS Diamonds, £ll. Ruby, gis. ~,,,, .v",„-,•_,,,1:116,, Best Value Made, at Lowest Prices for Cash, 7. 't - . or the 44 Economical and Equitable Cllll f 03 .1r8,7 -P'...- System of MONTHLY PAYMENTS Single Stone , of tot. and upwards is available. Diamond Rings, £2.10.4. to £lOO. .4C-lt -fil!Ptl 4.--4iiiii-A-_---4wBgr---) ~ —21888er„, , (4'-ft'S--F. - -.:'•'4'il.''; , .• •••••• -- 1 4te- 3111111111hae‘ £B. r: it. andr Euby:Sapphire Amethysts. Diamonds and übies, r Sapphires, ",74.77 .iv Iv,. ,oir Diamonds, ts 10s. Diamond Poin, R Allo Diamonds, £12.125. SELECTIONS WILL BE SENT TO INTENDING wavialiaL,c, BUYERS AT OUR RISK AND EXPENSE. ,41.-113=11 t: TO 4Vid3riV•-; '.. carldj,utatteclf_esilokr7; 7,3: lAeolfr-DITI'girM,R. (with reise .• '' TIA,. ' • ' •—• --.' Jewels, &c. No. 2. of Clocks. "Empire" Plate, Cutlery', Dressing Cases, Silver for Household use, and Pretty Diamond, Rubies, Diamond Half-Hoops, yet Inexpensive articles for Presents, &c., will be sent or Sapph ires, ZIO to £lOO. post free. £2.155. J.W. BENSON; Ltd., 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, E.C.

M ERRYWEATI-lERS' HAND FIRE PUMP Still the Simplest, Best, and Most Reliable FIRE EXTINGUISHER. / ----.N. I. Nothing to get out Of order. -.... aßagt 2. Nothing to corrode. (2.1.. 3. Nothing to explode. ---------, ! 2540 out of the 4199 : le .I'.. London Fires were extin- guished in one year by these Munoz / pumps. -- CASTLS Trrft• or c,21--. t Cl LONG ACRE, We., ..o.eginso .' LONDON.

\\,:,\\\\\‘‘Nyll,lll.ll/;/tl7/////p//r kNN`**ll,,,,, \ 4iteys, FOR THE *. FARMER and FARM DOMESTIC WORKER SERVANT. SPLENDID COUNTRY. HEALTHY & WEALTHY. • FERTILE 5011.. WELL WATERED. PLENTY OF WORK. GOOD WAGES. For full pi/then/an apply to THE HIGH COMMISqONER FOR NEW ZEALAND (Emigration Dept.), 13, Victoria St., Lon& —7.

over rocky, broken grouno. in the darkness he was half conscious of his body being covered with the hardening crust of coagulated blodd, whilst his feet had lost all sense of feeling. At last he could go no further, and again begged to be left to die. "No death can be worse than this," he gasped. "Leave me, and look after yourself." "No, no; there are only a few more yards and we are at our hiding-place. Here, take another drink, and I'll carry you." • • • I . • • . . The Hill Farm was rented and •managed by Miss McKennisome, a young lady of some fifty summers and fifteen stones. She ruled her domestics with a brush-handle instead of the proverbial rod of iron, and she knew her busi- ness. Miss McKennisome shirked nothing, and what is more, she allowed nobody else to do it. The morning following the escape just nar- rated she rose before sunrise, and after dragging her tired servants out of bed, walked out to look after her poultry. Daylight was just beginning to break; but she rubbed her sharp eyes and again looked at her fence, as if wondering whether the morning mist was deceiving her. i She knew every point and every flaw n that fence; but it looked strange in the dim morning light. so she walked nearer. "Well, I'll be blest!" was the unladylike expression. Perhaps it could be excused, for along the fence, on every alternate point, was hung a masculine garment. There was a silk hat on the first, a frock coat on the next, and so on down the row, the line finishing with sundry small- wares like socks and boots. Miss McKennisome took a deep breath, placed her hands on her hips, and pursed tier lips together. Then she noticed that the yard dog was straining at its chain. "tins! We'll see if ho knows, anything about

, KEEP a few silver-jacketed Peps in your pocket when you are out in bad weather, and so have them handy when an attack of sneezing gives warning of a fresh cold. Don't forget to keep PEPS at your bedside, and the trouble- some cough which keeps you awake at nights and racks your chest in the morning will be promptly got rid of. Don't fail to have Peps A L WAYS handy in the nursery. These little tablets will save mothers many an anxious hour by bringing ease and rest to little sufferers from colds, -whooping cough or croup. A few HANDY Peps tablets will also prove the best safeguard in workshop and factory against sore throat and other perils of the germ and dust-laden atmosphere. Be sure you get PEPs from the Chemist at zit& or slit See the name PEPs on the box.

mer Like Mr. King had. Boan:s 111' gocKAcHAN's--E-. Backache •N • IK'; \\\\\\KIDNEYPILIS IGdnex, 61/4. Pills co:s 'it.. • T

IF YOU HAVE ANY DIFFICULTY IN • Reading or Sewing CONSULT JOHNSTON WATSON SIGHT-TESTING OPTICIAN, 847 ESEZIDGTE WARRINGTON. Steel Spectacles from 2/61 Rolled Gold from 8/6 PLEASE NOTE.—MR. WATSON attends on Monday and Tuesday from 11 to 4-30; Wednesday 11 to 5-30; Thursday 11 to 1; Friday and Saturday 11 to 5-30. Hours of Business: 9-30 to 7-30 : Saturday: 9-30 to 9-30. WE PUT NO DROPS OR DRUGS IN THE EYES.

WARRINGTON' CO-OPERATIVE SOCTETY.—The Educa- tion Committee of the above society gave a grand free concert in the Wesleyan Schoolroom on Tuesday even - ing. The entertainment commenced at 7.30 and Mr E Realm (of the Education Committee) presided. The Society are noted for their entertainments and Tues- day's arrangements were no exception to the rules. Songs were given by Miss Carrie Hastings,Madam Fair- hurst. Mr J Willett and Mr J Poole, the humorist being Mr Farrington, who caused roars of laughter. Miss Perdue was the accompanist. As is 'usual on such occa- sions the schoolroom was crowded. WESLEYAN BIBLE CLASS ANNUAL SOCIAL—This took place on Saturday, November 30th in the Wesleyan schoolroom, when a fair number were present consider- ing the counter attractions on a Saturday evening. The arrangements were in the hands of a capable committee Mr CE Parker, who has been the leader of the class for many years and is held in high esteem by the members, gave the company a most hearty welcome. A good programme was arranged members and friends giving of their best in the way of songs, pianoforte solos, recitation, &c., to the delights ot the audience. After the company had partaken of refreshments, games were indulged in. Mr G Carman taking charge, and it goes without saying that the company spent a most enjoy- able evening. GUILD MUSICAL EVENING.—Many expressions of appreciation were made by the members of the Guild and friends for the excellent programme kindly arranged by Mrs T A Ambler and Mrs Dodds, held in the Wesleyan Schoolroom, on Wednesday evening. Mr J G Withinshaw presided. The programme greatly delighted a large audience. It included songs by Miss Black- burn and Mr Walter Clay, recitations by Mrs Long- bottom, violin solos by Miss Parker, pianoforte selections by Miss Clarice Newell, and humorous recitals by Mr H M Ashton. The Chairman, at the close, expressed the best thanks of the audience to the ladies for arranging such an excellent entertainment and also to the artistes who had so kindly given their Services for the evening's enjoyment. PENKETII LIBERAL CLUB.—One of the most success- ful dances and whist drives was held on Friday of last , week at the St Mary's Sunday School, Great Sankey, in I connection with the Penketh Liberal Club, when members and friends gathered together to the number of about 160. The evening's entertainment commenced at 8 p.m and continued till 2 am. Tables to the number of 18 were supplied for whist players and the remainder entered with zest into the dancing. The M C's for dancing were Messrs H Plumpton and W Dwerryhoure, and Mr H Davies for the whist drive. Musical items were very eificientlylgiven by Messrs F and J Hall. The prize winners were as follows Ladies: 1, Mrs F White ; 2, Miss A Davies ; consola- tion. Gents : 1, Mr S Kilshaw, jun ; 2, 1' Rigby ; consolation, J Ainsworth. The refreshment; were sup- plied by Mrs George Clarke in her usual capable style I

4 '4:::.;, ' '' -'- ::•., - . , . , , . . • U . • , of all Cheinists ' . 1 • , ' . , . . .. . . . •„ , . ,

.7, THE LATE MR. THOMAS BOWERS.

Funiishing Problem —Solved.—

HOW can I increase the pur- chasing power of every pound which I am about to spend on Furniture? The solution of that problem will be found in our free catalogue and our Showrooms. While we only supply artistic, sturdily-built furniture, our perfect manufacturing and se ling organisation enables us to quote prices that are much below those charged elsewhere for the same articles. No matter whether you

IFurnish for Cash azGirn u Convenient Payment Sustem

your money will go farthest if you purchase from us. Facts worth noting.

We sliso 2/.ls the a discount for Clash. Payments can be arranged to suit Customers' coevenience. No objectionable agreements to sign. Ivory Article manufactured under our own direct control and supervision. We pay carriage I. ail parts. Goods delivered in Private Vane. Every Furnishing Requisite supplied. Good Value and satisfied Customers account for the phenomenal growth of our business. Guarantee. reinnwe unhesitatingly d the price of any article that does nett give absolute satisfaction. Plr Writs or call for Cataloguir. 7111

GLO Furnishing Co. U. R. GRANT, PrOprittOr.) PEMBROKE Liverpool PLAOE,
