===== 0002601_19120302_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
w. p.

SEVILLE ORANGE

HARTLEY'S

===== 0002601_19120302_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
MARMALADE

is absolutely pure

New Season's now ready

lat 1. ----."4" 191 q ----2____ ..

•

===== 0002601_19120302_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
'

-.......... _____ . ... 4,„.,.. nit ‘4....4,... , ~ , to ' 4 ' tOlit I - ILAit '' A Viik Illnter '%%....-..,‘ • CC ,7 . (71 LNI ' ; ' / 4 ,

===== 0002601_19120302_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No. 1624 oNE PENNY

===== 0002601_19120302_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, MAINACI-X 2, 1912

===== 0002601_19120302_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
{ Is. Tird. per Quarter. 6s. 6d. per Annum. BY rOST is. 9d. per Quarter credit.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
YOU CAN SAVE

15 to 20 per cent

equal to 31- to 4/- in the pound in buying from

===== 0002601_19120302_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
F. HALLETT

Watchmaker

Silversmith,

Watch and Clock

10, BRIDGE STREET.,

WARRINGTON.

EVERY ARTICLE CLEARLY EXPLAINED AND GUARANTEED ACCORDING TO ITS QUALITY.

DO YOUR BUSINESS WITH

10, Bridge St,

===== 0002601_19120302_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
& Jeweller,

Maker,

===== 0002601_19120302_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
JO`

HALLETT,

Warrington.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
and Save the Discount all the year through.

B CIINNTNGHAM, 29, FROGHAIL LANE, %ARRINGTON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOWLER OF . . . _

Guinness's Stout, Bass's Pale Ale, Bass's No. 1 Stropg Ale._ Worthington's and Allsopp's -Ales. • Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Mack's liclp Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IN BOTTLE. ALSO MANIITACTURERS OF Rl3ll-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. Telephone 79.

Expenses Agricultural Rates Act 1896 General Expenses Special Expenses

483 6 0

239 7 10

Lancashire County Council— In respect of Maintenance of Main Roads 1,313 5 2 Rent of Room - 1,341 0 2 75 4 0 0 2 6 0

GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY. —The Great Sewage Lands Western Railway Company HEREBY GIVE Easton Cemetery NOTICE that owing tO the COLLIIIRS' STRIKE it Fees, including Fees for Licences may become necessary to curtail or even discontinue Miscellaneous Receipts certain Goods Train Services, and Merchandise Traffic of every description can only be accepted for conveyance at the risk of the sender. The Company further give notice that they cannot accept responsibility for loss, damage, or delay of any kind in connection with the conveyance or delivery of ! such merchandise traffic, as is accepted, but will endeavour to milord the best service practicable in the circumstances. (Signed) FRANK POTTER, March. 1912. General Menseer.

CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. TO CARTERS, FARMERS, AND TEAM OWNERS. PERSONS desirous of TENDERING for CARTING 1 MACADAM and other Materials for the Main Roads for the year ending 31st March, 1913, can obtain Forms of Tender, and particulars of material to be carted, at the County Surveyor's Office, Chester Castle, on and after Monday, the 4th March, 1912, between 9 a.m. and 5.30 p.m., and on Saturdays between 9 a.m. and 1 pm. Tenders, endorsed " Tender for Carting," to be delivered at the said office on or before Saturday the 16tt)4era, next. The Main Roads Committee of the Comatyklooncil do not bind ,themselves to accept the lowest or any Tender. HARRY F. BULL, County Surveyor. 29th February, 1912.

- - - 7,313 15 7

£5 TO £5,000 LENT DAILY ON THESE TERMS for agreed period : ES loan, Repay £5 10s. £25 loan, Repay £27 10s. £lO „ „ £ll £3O „ „ £33 £l5 „ „ £l6 10s. I £5O „ „ £55 £2O „ „ £22 £lOO „ „ £llO No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special attention applicants from this district. CHARLES PAIKIN, • 219, BRUNS WICK ST.,OXFORD RD., MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON ST.. (over Bradley's Clothing Shop) NORTH WICH.

RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large assortment of Framed Piotnres suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &o. Terms moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and BURNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

ABSTRACT OF RECEIPTS AND PAYMENTS BY THE RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL OF WARRINGTON. , FOR HALF-YEAR ENDED 30xn SEPTEMBER, 1911. REczn'rs.l EXPENDITURE. £ s. d. Maintenance and Repair of Main Roads 23 12 10 Balance brought forward Contributions from Overseers for General Maintenance and Repair of Roads other Egpenses 2,370 0 0 than Main Roads 1229 3 5 COntribution from Overseers for Special Improvement of Roads other than Main I Roads l5l 2 8 ( Repair of County Bridges 2 0 2 Salaries Account Highways Publlo Health 293 19 1 516 9 1

Payments to other Local Authorities in respect of Highways Main Roads

............ . Secondary Roads lO 5 10 District Roads -- 23 17 9 Bridge Approaches 3 1 0 Roller Expenses 34 14 10 Sewerage and Sewage Disposal Works Cost of Disinfectants Cemetery Expenses (Rixton) Public Lighting 7 12 G Dust Removal 95 0 0 Notification of Infectious Diseases Fees for Lists of Births and Deaths 2 9 3 Loans Repayment and Interest 97 3 10 Private Improvement Works 0 7 0 Establishment Charges* Corporation of Warrington— Public) Lighting Water Account 24 13 2 Hospital Account ---- 155 19 4 Manchester Port Sanitary Authority Other Payments, viz. Analysis, 8:c. Balance carried forward

£7313 15 7 -- *Printing and Stationery, Rents, Rates, Insurances Stamp Duties, Legal Expenses, /to., The Accounts from which the,foregoing particulars have been abstracted were audited during the week, ended 24th February, 1912, by E. G. Eaton, Esq., District Auditor. Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, J. C. SUTTON. 26th February, 1912. Clerk to the Council.

....

===== 0002601_19120302_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH TEETH TEETH TEETH TEETH TEETH TEETH TEETH TEETH

===== 0002601_19120302_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
EXECUTORS OF

J. H. 'PARKINSON

MANCHESTER ATTEND

===== 0002601_19120302_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
9 EGYPT STREET

WARRINGTON. EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7

Branches at

NORTHWICH, WINSFORD and

MIDDLEWICH (See Local Papers).

===== 0002601_19120302_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
3:

NATIONAL INSURANCE.

HOW THE TORIES LOST A GREAT

OPPORTUNITY.

More Successful Ward Meetings.

If the provisions of the National Insurance Act are not thoroughly understood by the workers of Warrington it will not be the fault of the Progressive Labour League or of the Warrington Liberal Association which have been devoting much attention to the education of the constituency on the provisions of this great measure. Meetings are being held in all the wards and, after hearing the Act outlined, the audiences are invited to ask questions on any points which appear obscure. There has been a notable absence of hostility towards the Act, the questions having been directed from a sympathetic standpoint and with a genuine desire for enlightenment. On Monday evening the Progressive Labour League held a meeting in St. James' School. Latchford, the principal speaker being Councillor James Kendall, of Manchester. There was a good attendance. Mr. W. CLEG G, who presided, said the Progressive Labour League had been d3ing magnificent service for at least ten years. It had brought to the forefront of local politics many important questions, and some of the measures which the League advocated had now become the law of the land, although in the first place they met with ridicule and opposition. With regard to the unemployed, the Tory party formed miserable authorities called distress committees, and gave Town Councils power to appoint an officer. He was, however, utterly helpless, because he had no means of carrying on any work but inquiry. To-day, owing to the activity of the Liberal party. we had our fine labour exchanges. (Applause.) When Mr. Lloyd• George introduced his great Budget—(applause)—it was said that the country would soon he ruined and that capitalists would be leaving it. To-day, however, we had record trade returns and our rate of unemployment, which was only about 2 per cent., compared very favourably with any other country. The passing of the Parliament Bill bad given Liberals encouragement to krep plodding on, with the certainty that they would be able to pass many measures which otherwise would have been out of their reach. If there was one feature of the Insurance Act which particularly appealed to him, it was that part dealing with con- sumpti, n. When they realized that 75,000 persons died annually in Great Britain from that disease, it was an appalling condition of affairs. The only preparation that we had had in the past was 3,000 beds under private control and only the wealthier classes had been able to secure them when they had been required. It was, however, the lowest strata of society, the men with lowest wages and the poorest opportunities of securing good food and housing, who were most liable to be attacked by that dreadful scourge. We as a people ought to thank God that lie had raised up a man who had been enabled by extraordinary efforts to produce such an ameliorative measure. (Applause). The Tories had said and written a great deal about the Act, but it had not been with a view to giving a correct statement of its advantages. In 1883 the Germans, whom the tariff reformers were so fond of quoting, passed their first instalment of National Insurance. Since then they had had eight or ten Bills extending the scheme and to.-day they had a fait insurance measure. Their scheme, however, bore no comparison, from a workman's point of view, to Mr. Lloyd George's Act. (Applause). Councillor KENDALL said Liberals could afford to put the Insurance Act forward without any party glamour or any great amount of party claim. At the same time they could not forget that as the result of the want of appreciation of A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY their opponents did not avail themselves of the cLan.ce of having a partnership on cheap terms in that magnifi- cent measure. The offer to make the Bill a non-party measure was made by Mr. Lloyd George, who invited the co-operation of all sections of the House in a great national scheme for the betterment of the workers. The offer was not accepted by the Opposition and the Liberal party had to take the responsibility of forcing the Bill through—be was willing to accept that term, because if a measure was good,the sooner they forced it through the better. If they had it forced it through they would have been fiddling with t now and in the meantime consumptive people would have bad to wait still longer for the means of being cured,whilst millions of workers would have had their enjoyment of the benefits of the Act suspended. The credit for the measure having become an Act of Parliament was due to the determination of its author and of the Govern- ment to place it on the statute book at the earliest moment. It was a remarkable fact that after an Act had been passed, speakers should be going about the country Co tell the people exactly what it meant. It was not because the Act, did not speak for itself. It was simple because PO many people were making the Act say something that was not in it, and there was so much MISREPRESENTATION AND APPEAL TO PREJUDICE that it had become necessary to explain what the Act really provided. The result would be that when the Act came into force it would not be regarded merely as a compulsory measure but would be backed by the goodwill of the people who would have had time to realize its objects. The Act was a great instrument for helping forward social work and he considered that be was doing as much Christian work by endeavouring to clear the path for such a measure as be had ever done in connection with a Christian Church or Sunday school. (Applause.) The Act recognized that the great need of the workers was to have some help in those times of difficulty which came to so many of them. There was nothing which had been soch a night- mare to millions of workers as the position of the steady workingman who realized that it only needed a week or two of sickness or unemployment to jeopardise his home. He (the speaker) was glad to see that the trade unions recognized in both portions of the Act something that was going to be enormously beneficial to their members, and the men might well trust their leaders in that matter. The Act not only provided insurance in time of sickness but it aimed to be an insurance of health—which was a much more important matter. He refused to believe that the medical men, whe had rendered magnificent service to the poorest of the poor, often without any hope of reward in this world, would stand in the way of a great scheme of social amelioration having a fair trial. (Applause.) Moreover, the terms offered to the doctors were a distinct improvement on what they were at present receiving for contract work. In future HUMAN BEINGS WOULD BE PLACED ON AS HIGH A PLANE AS MACHINERY AND HORSES and in the earlier stases of their incapacity they would receive attention which would in many cases avert a serious breakdown. One great fault of our industrial undertakings was that while there was an allowance for wear and tear and depreciation in respect of machinery, there was no similar provision for human life. In future the State would say "If an industry is wear fog out men and women—the most important, essential and delicate portion of that indaltry— some provision shall be made in the balance sheet in the form of the employer's contribution for the wreckage and wastage of human life in that industry." The speaker referred to the meanness of rich ladies who objected to pay 3d. per week for the insurance of a domestic servant. If Mr. Lloyd George had said : " The domestic servants must contribute sirpence and the State will pay the rest," those mistresses who were now objecting would have said "What a splendid man Lloyd George is ! Our thriftless girls, instead of having to be dependent upon us when sick, will now he made to contribute." Alluding to the "white plague,' Councillor Wendell said that PO long as we continued to make no attempt to deal with consumption, we as a nation were annually committing 75,000 murders, because it had been discovered that those lives rould be saved if we only adopted proper methods. Under the new Act the State would recognise its duty to the poor man's child and the anfferer from consumption would be taken away from depressing conditions and treated amid fresh air and sunshine with the best that medical science could devise. The scheme would be free from any taint of charity.(Applause).Having shown bow the employers would gain through State insur- ance by having healthier workers, Councillor Kendall said he bad yet to learn that there was any organised opposition to the Act on the part of the workers. They saw in the measure a means whereby they could help themselves by their combined thrift and effort. The bulk of the workers did not want to be carried; they wanted to be allowed to walk. (Applause.) Several questions were then asked and answered. Mr. E. NV YNNE JONES, in proposing a vote of thanks to the speaker and chairman, emphasised the fact that the Act was going to be a great preventive of sickness as well as an insurance against it. He could not under- stand why their opponents should try to make so much of what they considered the weak points, instead of looking at the great benefits of the Act. Difficulties would crop up but great power was given to the Insurance Commissioners to meet hard cases and to modify difficulties. Their opponents made an attempt when the Bill was passing through the House of Commons to take that power from the Insurance Com- missioners. Mr. Worthington Evans moved an amend- ment to prevent the Commissioners having power to modify the Act, but fortunately it was defeated. The Act was the greatest measure of social amelioration that had ever been passed by this or any other Govern- ment. (Applause). Mr. HARRY NEW seconded. He pointed out that under the Act the owners of slum property—of which Warrington bad no small share—would be made responsible for excessive sickness caused by their neglect. Anything that tended to bring home responsibility in matters of public health was a step in the right direction. The Bill would also do something to combat the terrible rates of infantile mortality in populous centres. In this connection Mr. New pointed out that in Hampstead, which was ore and not over- crowded. the death rate per 1,000 of infants was much lower than in congested Southwark. People ought not to view such questions merely from the .fi s. d. point of view, but should be

aAMI;

===== 0002601_19120302_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
prepared, if necessary, to make sacrifices for the 1 general good. He had, however, yet to be convinced that workingmen were called upon to make any sacrifice under the Insurance Act. There was not a single clause that was detrimental to their interests. He appealed to Liberals, Tories, Socialists and all industrial workers to give the Act a fair trial and he was convinced that at the end of twelve months there would be no need to defend it. (Applause.) The vote was heartily passed.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING IN WHITEGROSS WARD. THE COACITRIKE.

Miners' Moderation Commended.

A highly successful meeting promoted by the Liberal Association was held in St. Barnabas' schools, 13ostock- street, on Wednesday evening. Alderman James Evans presided and was supported on the platform by Councillors ff Roberts nnd J'Hawthorli, Messrs T Ternent (Rochdale), H G Roberts, J Elwell, H New and J. Dutton.

The CHAIRMAN opened the meeting with a reference to the cloud which vim over-hanging the industrial world. He believed he was expressing the feelings of the majority of workingmen when be said he was sorry that in these days of advancement in many directions we were not able to settle disputes on better lines than by striking, lie had had some experience of strikes and he had never known one that was beneficial. It might be that sometimes the workingclasses had gained something but, looking at the subject all round, they had also lost something. Apart from that, be believed that in this age there could and ought to be better means of settling disputes than those of warfare. Force was not a remedy and they must adopt some more satisfactory basis if England was to maintain her posi- tion amongst the nations of the world, lie fervently hoped that in the course of a few hours peace would be declared. (Applause). Councillor H. ROBERTS moved a resolution cordially welcoming the National Insurance Act as a measure that would be conducive to the welfare of the great mass of the workers. Alluding to the coal strike, he said be could not refrain from paying his testimony to the moderation of the manner in which the workers' representatives had conducted their side of the negotiations. If a similar disposition to meet the difficulties by discussion and con- sideration had been shown by some of the employers weeks ago, instead of at the last moment, he was positive that we should not be praying for the dissolution of the black cloud which over-hung the industrial world but that it would have passed away long since. Whatever else might he said, it was due to trade unionism to say that the position of the worker to-day was very largely attributable to the efforts made in years gone by by the advance guard of the working- classes who saw that combination in regard to their

attitude of the doctors, the Act gave sufficient power to come to terms witk them, and they were now in a more reasonable mood. He believed they would eventually come into the scheme and do their duty. The Act was the finest which had been passed by the British Parliaments—it gave benefits "pressed down and running over" such as no friendly society could at present give. In twenty years we would wonder how ever we did without a measure which was destined to transform the whole society of our country. (Applause). The resolution was curried unanimously. Mr. J. ELWELL moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Ternent for his address. As a worker he rejoiced that they had such a man as Mr. Lloyd George, who was able to see visions of what a beautiful country England would be if we could abolish the dread diseases and evils from which the workers suffered. The Act would help many a hard-working man to tide over troubleous times. (Applause). Mr. H. G. ROBERTS seconded. He said that in two or three years time, when the Act was in complete operation, the Tories would be sorry for the part they had taken in by-slections in opposing the scheme. (Hear, hear). The vote was heartily carried. A similar compliment was paid to the chairman and other speakers, on the proposition of Mr. HARRY N seconded by Mr. DUTTON.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
TORY ELECTIONEERING.

MR. LLOYD GEORGE ON INSURANCE ACT STORIES.

ma.r'•"

..::„„,:„.. A ..,,,,:,,,,,,„ ..„:„.•,.,, ...:„,„:„..,:., „,,,,,,,:5.... ~..,„f„,.„,„,„,„:,,,,,,:„,.::• . -."*4,0., ~,, 4 Siinii.g*..4

Mr. Lloyd George has sent the following message to Mr. F. E. Hamer, chairman of one of Sir Arthur Haworth's meet logs in South Manchester who had called the Chancellor's attention to assertions that shop assistants and similar classes would be worse off under the Insurance Act than they are now : " I heartily wish Sir Arthur Haworth a triumphant return to the House of Commons. The answer to the misrepresentations to which you refer is that in a case where a workman at present gets nothing during illness he will in future bevel% guaranteed sum to rely on, in addition to free medical aid. "In a case where at present he receives wages during illness, the allowance of the Act will increase his resources at the very moment when he is most in need. " I cannot believe that any employer will deprive his workmen under such conditions of any privileges they j are now enjoying. The German employer did not do I so in similar circumstances and I refuse to believe that English employers will be behind Germany in their treatment of their men. " Be assured that the English Church in Wales will get full justice and liberal treatment in the Disestablishment Bill. The Church itself, through its advocates, is deliberately refusing to make the slightest concession to Welsh national feeling."

' ..../--?,,.... .0.,,>,,-;:;-::,,,•*!-',,...f.M.4%•:::N--;•••I'.0,...,:ri,::::•••'?-.4.*1°.*Ii ' :,.i:,.?•,:,-..f.•KAirA:M;•.,.q.j;i•:M.':l.'•:,,''::.'.4::•il!i•7ii:it':::'#.il.:Skigqiis'ai:W••:.;;V.;:'.OeJ:4•s'--,.,',.-...';:::.'sri';:•,;..4:'k ,i.'..!ka„,,:•,.: , ..0 fft,i,v.OßVOlf.:';o,rOkiel.th:VsAl44o4.gg:;Ait:4:4l9:-.4.,''•*51,::::*.]::X4;,.P.,::.i.0. :ILAP'"'.'''::: • A L.fil:-:•'N.*.e%:;.,;::#o'S4! ';'' : ... -'7 34g*.9,..4..iejj:.NiP:1::"•.:%•••:1ip,:i.5:41 ;kie,wmg:. :. . 'f':.:',%':4"4:•.;VAC:.;-,,,f:AA1.1•0•1..-; :,-;,: :.':::.,,,'.',•.•',:::i5:,•, ~ • : -_]::.orA.:s,y:::''•-,,::.:-- - ''.::::.:••...;... -',.*.1.:,... - , ~-.,-.4",;.."pm..g.5g.:.:-.:•..,. .....::: ~....,,,,,A,•,4 :.... . - ..],:y.,..;.•,..r,,, i0,...4„,, -4: : ~.. ~,.,:.,i... ~ .. -10,,....;A:.~-",Eii,•:;--. '.:: .•E: /4-..m?›.,_,,..... •' . -, .• ,:.4,pg,'z.....,:5i.if: > • ..alE.',•':,'=,'-!•'•'''.::::0:104,:'.'...,....../T.:':',f,•::.: :40in :. .•,...•,..:. • ~.,.,,,:.,A.,'1.,:;:' ! -..,,,,,:,....,4...,,,,,,,:vg.,4,,,,,,,. - .m.::::, ..0.0.,,::,i,,,,-,,4,..,,.../.5,-..,,,, ~.•,,,.,..,:,,.,...„, ,•,.„.:,•,•-::::,.,,,.„••••.: ,•-..,., ;:,,],: • ' • . -•••••.,6,...:..,••-•:.*: r ~ „.„..:„„... ..... , , ... .. . , .. , . . ~,,,,.. „.,,,„...,:.....,...:...,.,..... ..,.._.,,....„ ~..b. ..:.. _ ) ..., ..,....• , ~, . • . . , I : • . :II- .. .. . . •I :I.: . .. . . 'I . 4:1,1 .- I' A . it, , . .. . , ... • . . „ . . . , . . . ,:.'..... ..,..,:•.. .:15.,., .&,, ... - I __. . , . .. , , . . ,;....'.:• : :;;:!!::•gil:APPM•gits: .. . , : . ... . . .;;„,.: ..,•:wii:iw,:,.0.i0i..ii...:i,i.. :,...,' i•: . ' '' " '' ' : '.....' 1 ' - . ' . ' .... , . ~ . :.,. .. . $ 4... e& .... .., , ~-. r,...at :,.1....1. 1t,.., ...............0*........ ...„ :,:: ',., -- :... '. .:.,,,,:...•,....„.4.m.: ~.:J:.,.!:.,,........ 0444.....Wiiiii' : A ..: -.... --- - ::i!.•-;:::sl:.V:,...WrO:f.rgalg::tMft. . :,.- :,-;,-,... •.::::::........:......:.::::,:..:,::.::,,,:::marigii,:.;:i.....•. .:-. .. ,i0:1,.-T:.:?,.,...::.:.-i: ....:.::;:':-.,-,,,,,,,,ffi..';--iii,:ld, . -. . -.-::- ',.-. ,:::.-:,,:.,:::,:.,.:.•..:::,,,,,,,,,,::,,,_.:::,,,.:.•,1-, ::,,,.:.,..,,.,::-:,:....::::?::..i,::::,,.,:,rz,..,:,:::.::::::.:,,..,,i:.4.,:.:.0.-....1...A...w0 i .-.::-:...•,....::::::;.i:,,:jg::.,iatiO0':':'ii0.,::.'!j.,"..,'.:.,'i.'.:?.':.,....f:;::'.i''.:.0iiic,..:q.;.'.tl!'pl:gq.....r..f:::!:',..r:,;.i:i.gr.::g:igct':..,

===== 0002601_19120302_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COAL CRIkS.

The Government, during the week has made strenuous efforts to bring about a peaceful settlement of the coal dispute. Me.tings between the Premier, his colleagues and officials have been taking place daily. Our picture shows the Special Committee of Coal Owners on their way to Downing-street,

to lay before Mr. Asquith replies to certain questions addressed to them. On the left, carrying bag, is Sir Thos. Ratcliffe-Ellis, Secretary of the Mining Association, and next to him Mr. Davis, Chairman of the South Wales Owners.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
interests as a body was just as necessary to them as it was to the capitalist. (Hear, hear.) Alluding to the Insurance Act, Councillor Roberts said the details were subject to experience and could be adapted to the requirements of the times, but be was there to support the general principle—and not to support it as an employer and not as a workingman. (Applause.) The speaker showed what a blessing the maternity allow- ance would have been in cases which bad come under his observation. The Tories, he continued, were doing all they could to delay the operation of the Act but the workers should remember that for every day it was delayed 2,700 mothers would be deprived of its benefits. When the Tories talked about Mr. Lloyd George's indecent haste to confer the benefits of the measure upon the people, he would ask them to go into the homes of the working classes and see the conditions under which life was born and had to be lived for the first few months of its existence and to endeavour to realize the worries and anxieties of parents whose means were insufficient to carry them through times of stress. He would be a hard and black-hearted man who would delay the operation of the measure in that direction for five minutes, let alone for a single day. The provisions for dealing with the awful scoorge.of consumption were in themselves sufficient to justify the acceptance ol the measure. The act was, indeed, A CHARTER OF THE PEOPLE as far as health was concerned. (Applause.) Councillor Roberts made an interesting reference to local aspects of the fiscal controversy, which will be found reported In another column. Councillor HAWTHORN seconded the resolution. He referred to the great suffering to countless families I which the last coal strike involved and said he hoped ' we were not going to have a renewal of that distressl in 1912, but that the commonsense of masters and men I would lead to the settlement of a long-standing dispute. When the Insurance Act was introduced, he continued, it was received with a chorus of approval from Liberals, Conservatives and social workers of all kinds. Since then the ardour of their Conservative friends had cooled and it now became necessary to deal with a great many representations with regard to the Bill. The difficulty to him was not to understand the details of the measure but to understand the gross misrepresentations of its provisions. It was a great measure, providing for insurance against loss of health, the prevention and cure of sickness and insur- ance against unemployment. Mr. John Burns told us that 30 per cent, of the poverty in this land was directly attributable to sickness, and to that we must add a further contribution in respect of unemployment. It was against those two great poverty-producine factors that Mr. Lloyd George's Act was directed. If given a fair chance, it would remove some of the difficulties which beset a solution of the social problem and would prove even more effective and beneficial than the great scheme of old age pensions. (Applause). The CHAIRMAN said that Warrington was in the fore- front, so far as sanatorium work was concerned, and he hoped Mr. Lloyd George would kindly remember the Warrington Corporation when he made his disbursement of the funds for dealing with consumption. (Aplause.) Mr. T. TERNENT then delivered a very interesting and comprehensive speech on the Act. He said that if the Tories had only half an eye they would see things as they really were. But that was the reason why men were Tories—they had not half an eye and could not see the true perspective of things.(Laughter.) The Government had appointed as Chairman of the Insurance Commissioners, Mr Astor, the Tory member for Plymouth. He had declared in regard to con- sumption "The great point is that a beginning has been made. The State has taken a step that can never be retraced towards the extermination of the scourga that .levies so terrible a toll on the lives, resources and happiness of every class of the communtty." lie (the speaker)was glad that Lancashire had done something to form opinion in regard to the maternity grant. In Rochdale they had an employer of labour, Sir George Kemp, M.P., who had an arrangement in his works whereby. every married woman who had been twelve months in big employ, on approaching maternity had three months holiday with an allowance of 12s. per week. (Applause.) We had arrived at a point when the supposed decadence of the race was a serious subject of discussion. The last report of the Registrar General showed the lowest birth-rate on reoord. That was a serious problem. If we were going to have low birth-rate, we must see to it that the children who came into the world were well cared for and nourished. That was the only way in which we could build up a strong nation. With regard to the

pI-

===== 0002601_19120302_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE PROFESSOR A. H. YOUNG.

, The funeral of the late Professor' A. H. Young, of Manchester, took place on Monday, at the Manchester Crematorium. The remains were afterwards interred in the family vault at Warrington Cemetery. The mourners were Mr J Rymer Young (brother), Mr Whately (brother-in-law), Mr Tangye, Professor Paterson, Dr Donald and Professor Thompson. At the Crematorium there were many members of the , medical profession and other friends. The Manchester University was represented by the Vice Chancellor (Sir Alfred Hopkinson), Professor Elliott-Smith, Professor Sterling, Professor R B Wild, Professor Arwid Johaunson, Professor Seaton, Professor Alexander, Professor Petavel, and Professor Perkin. Amongst others who attended were :—Dr Richmond, Mr L Greening, Mr J Longland, Mr S P Silcock and Mr F J Dutton, 'of Warrington. The service was conducted by the Rev. H. Anson, of Birch. The floral tributes were both numerous and beautiful, including those from the Anatomical , Society of Great Britain and Ireland, colleagues and ' friends at Victoria University, staff of Anatomy Department, Victoria Infirmary, and the widow and members of the family. Mr. G. Elliot-Smith, writing to the "Manchester Guardian," says :---`• In Manchester and the neigh- bourhood there are scores of friends of the late Professor Young who appreciate at their real worth the great services he rendered to the Medical School during the period of its most effective growth, his beneficent influence in developing the Salford Royal Hospital, and his efforts honestly to shape university policy on the lines which he considered rightfand proper. Scattered through England and the Empire there are hundreds of medical men who look back with feelings of affection and esteem to the man who not only taught them anatomy with quite exceptional success, but also gave them an example of a blunt manliness and honesty of par pose and of contempt for mean and underhand ways which few of them are lkely to forget.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
LENTEN FARE.

There was much wisdom in the edicts of the early Christian Fathers who prescribed a restricted diet during the 40 days of Lent. Those astute old scholars knew full well that the populace was greatly addicted to the consumption of an excessive quantity of meat, and so it was deemed wise, not only from a spiritual, but likewise from the temporal standpoint, to reduce the amount of flesh meat in the weekly bill of fare. It is a matter of almost common knowledge that despite the absence of meat, the fasting community enjoyed the best of health and vigour during Lent. So it can be nowadays. Instead of pinning your faith too much on a diet of meat, just look around and see what good things Nature has provided. Take, for instance, the little Greek Currant, which is the best of all nutrients, full and powerful and lasting food. If you would be wise, as the old Law-givers were, try a liberal diet of Currants. Then you will appreciate the value of a certain amount of abstinence from meat. You will discover the wonderful properties of Currants, how lasting is its effect, how easily digestible it is, and that after all there are better and more savoury foods than the oft-recurring beef and mutton. There are so many ways in which Currants can be used that it is quite simple to intro- duce them into at least one meal a day. If the season of Lent teaches you something about the use of Currants, it will not have been spent in a vain way from a worldly point of view.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
TO ABOLISH PLURAL VOTING.

The object of a Bill which Mr. Harold Baker, M.P., is promoting in the House of Commons is to prevent a person from being registered as a Parliamentary elector in more than cne constituency.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The New Offices.

The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, Mr G Mather presiding. There were also present :—Mrs Simpson, Rev A M Mitchell, Messrs E L Bent, A J Jolley, J NV Knowles, W Gill, J A Hughes, W C Brooks, W Flanagan, R Lee, NV Houghton, M Seton, W Furness, I.` Ritchie, A Brooks, A Bottomley (clerk), R W Peacock (deputy clerk).

===== 0002601_19120302_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
-THI NEW OFFICES.

At a meeting of-il;e-Finance Committee the Clerk reported that he had interviewed the owners of the premises' Nos 19 and 21, King-street, Warrington, and stated that they were prepared to letthe premises to the Guardians on the following terms :—For a term of 21 years at a yearly rental of £95, the Guardians to have the option of terminating the tenancy at the expiration of each seven years, and with an option to purchase the premises at any time for the sum of £2,375,the Guardians to be allowed six months' rental from the date of actual tenancy if the premises are occupied prior to 25th June next or from this date if the premises are not occupied before, subject to the Guardians carrying out the internal decorations. It was recom- mended that the offer of the owners to lease the premises on the terms stated by the Clerk be accepted and that, subject to the sanction of the Local Govern- rnent Board and the Registrar General, an agreement he entered into to that effect. It was further decided

that Messrs. A. Brooks, A. J. Jolley and W. Furness be appointed a committee with authority to carry out the necessary alterations and also to arrange for the furnishing of the premises and to confer with the Clerk and Surveyor to the Rural District Council re the arrangement of the rooms that will be required to accommodate the Rural District Council staff ; also that Messrs. W. and S. Owen be instructed to prepare all plans and specifications that may be required by the sub-committee, the Local Government Board and the Registrar General. Mr. Jor,Lev moved and Mr. FURNESS seconded the confirmation of the minutes. Mr. BENT : By the terms of the resolution, we hold ourselves to the contract? Mr. JOLLEY : Yes. Mr. BENT said they had therefore landed themselves in an expenditure for a building which,by its situation, was not suitable for the purpose. They had been wait- ing a considerable number of years to find a satisfactory site for new offices and he thought they ought to have a place which would be a credit to the Guardians. A lot of people called the Guardians fossils and other rude names-- Mr. KNOWLES : Which members were they looking at when they used that term ? (Laughter). Mr. BENT said they ought to disabuse people of such impressions by having a building that would be a credit to the Beard. It was his idea that the dispensing cf relief should take place in the new offices and that each relieving officer in Warrington should have his own office. Mr. FURNESS said the committee were taking the economical course. He admitted that if the rates of Warrington had not been rising in such an abnormal way and if they could have seen their way to build suitable premises, it would have been far better. Under the circumstances, however, the committee was not prepared to recommend a building scheme which would involve an expenditure of from £7,000 to £lO,OOO. From an annual payment standpoint they would be saving the ratepayers a considerable amount, as they paid £ll5 per annum rent for their present offices and bad also to pay £59 Bs. for cleaning. What appealed to the committee more than anything else was that the Board would be able to concentrate the whole of its business in the centre of the town. They must either accept something central—not, perhaps, in a very nice environment—build outside the town or sweep away old property. Considering the social influence of the Guardians and their natural tendency to raise their environment and associations, it was not unlikely that when they had occupied the building for a year or two it would wear a different complexion. (Laughter.) Members of the Assessment Committee knew how hard the present conditions were on appellants who had to go to the Workhouse and hang about for hours awaiting the hearing of their appeals. In common justice to them, they ought to give business men facilities fr appealing at some more central place. A feature which ought to commend itself to the Rev. A. M. Mitchell was that applicants for relief would no longer be brought within the precincts of the Workhouse. The CHAIRMAN said the opening of the new officPs would liberate rooms on the Workbouse premises which were somewhat camped. They would, he added, be bound to leave Bewsey Chambers for registration pur- poses, and also in the interests of the health of the officials. Mr. FURNESS said it was a well-known fact that registration work was being done at Bewsey Chambers all the time marriages were going on. At the most, solemn point of the marriage people might come in to I make inquiries—a most undesirable condition of , things. The Bev. A. M. MITCHELL said the Board appeared to be looking at the question entirely from the Guardians' point of view and not from the standpoint of the Rural District Council. The Chairman of the latter authority bad expressed himself very strongly against the scheme. If the proposed outlay could be avoided it was most desirable that it should be, but if it was inevitable they must make the best of it. The Rural District Council ought, at any rate, to have a voice in the settlement. The CHAIRMAN : Every District Councillor is a Guardian and has the privilege of speaking on, the question if he likes. Mr. RITCHIE advised the Board to "strike while the iron is hot " and close the transaction, instead of beat- ing about the bush. Mr. A. BROOKS said that If there was sufficient room in the new offices, the Rural District Council would probably be accomodated rent free. It was not,, bow- ever, incumbent upon the Board to provide them with any accommodation but the Board room. Mr. JOLLEY said Mr. Bent seemed to be distressed because some unknown outside persons had disrespect- fully referred to the Board as old fossils. (Laughter.) Might he (Mr. Jolley) be allowed to paraphrase an old Latin quotation and say Whatever the Guardians touch they adorn." (Laughter.) The premises would soon be an ornament to the town, once the Guardians got possession of them. Mr KNOWLES : That means the rates will go. The CHAIRMAN: GO down. The minutes were approved. REV. A. M. MITCHELL AND THE ESTIMATES.

The CLERK submitted the estimates of expenditure fer the half-year ending 30th September, 1914. After deducting grants, ,kc„ it is estimated that the amount required will be £15,244. The call for the correspond- ing half-year of 1911 was £13,800. The amounts put down for in-maintenance were: Workhouse, £3,700 ; schools, £l,OOO. Mr. JOLLEY moved and Mr Bent seconded that the estimates he received and referrred to the Finance Committee. The Rev. A.M. MITCHELL characterised the estimates as rather alarming and also said they were very vague. The Board ought to have more specific particulars. He regretted to find an item in respect or "paupers in hospitals and schools." At a recent meeting it was distinctly stated that the word " pauper" was never used in connection with the work of the Board. The CHAIRMAN : No more than can be helped. The Rev. A. M. MITCHELL : I don't think there was any such qualification. The CHAIRMAN: I remember the Clerk pointed out that when he was talking about a pauper lunatic he could not use the term ' poor lunatic." The Rev. A. MITCHELL : Supposing that were the case, there is no justification for it here. I must enter my protest against the appearance of the word. I was ovrerryk mo ou gc hit t stuorprhiasveed rwehmeenmblerreeda dwi. hta t I thought e saidon tthh ee previous occasion. The amount estimated for poor people in hospitals and schools, continued the rev. gentleman, was .C3OO, an increase of about £lOO. Did that refer to medicines, and did it also include the heavy drink bill? There was not a word in the estimates to indicate the contemplated expenditure on spirits. Mr. FURNESII : There is no item enumerated here to show that 3ou are spending money on ginger beer and aerated waters. (Laughter). The Rev. A. M. MITCHELL: That is a very idle lifterruption. Continuing he said there was an expendi- tureof £l2O on spirits,Sto ,last time the item was brought up, and they were told it would be more. The salaries i showed an ncrease—not a very large one—but he wanted to know to what it might be attributed. Did it include the salary of the temporary master? Con- ference and deputation expenses were estimated at ..£35 as against £3O 17s. 6d. It looked as if the Guardians were going to have a good time during the next six rnontbs. (Laughter.) He supposed the amount included firt class fare. The item, he contended, was very seriot gtravaeant. Mr. .1. .1 said the proper time to discuss details was whert, Finance Committee sent forward a definite recommen.ation and the whole question of the financial outlay of the Board was before the members. The Rev. A. M. MITCHELL moved an amendment that the estimates be referred back and re-written with fuller details. As they stood they were very unsatis- factory, hopelessly vague and he, for one, was °omit der- ably in the dark. lie wanted light. (The CHAIRMAN : Hear, hear.) There was no seconder of the amendment which fell to the ground. Mr. W. C. BROOKS said some time ago, the v bad a tabulated return showing under which head the "huge" drink bill was included. If Mr. Mitchell bad only taken the trouble to look he would have noticed which heads were referred to.

COST OF BRITAIN'S SECRET SERVICE. ' The accounts of sums granted for Civil Service Ser- vices and Revenue Departments for the year ended March 31st, 1911, just publi,hed, show that the amount granted to defray the ohsrge of his Majesty's foreign and other secret service was £50,000, the expenditure being £46,380 Is 5d The explanation given of the causes of variation between expenditure and grant is "the expenditure out of this grant is necessarily of an uncertain character and cannot be accurately esti- mated. This year's surplus of £3,619 18s 7d compares with c Ile of £2,895 lOs 3d for last year.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TIME TO FURNISH.

DURING RAY & MILES'

===== 0002601_19120302_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
eLEPtIRPiNeE SALE

OF 1100,000

===== 0002601_19120302_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH OF FURNISHING

GOODS.

ALL AT REDUCED PRICES. CARPETS AND LINOLEUMS LAID FREE ONCE A YEAR ONLY, FEB. 5Tx TO MARCH 16TH.

rammoloormicammvaliommv.ro, PRACTICAL POULTRY FARMING. Ka4-4,nucwoimv:Evi.vaawavaimiat+.o:

[BY REDCAP].

TAINTED PXNS.

Tainted runs are ;m7 injurious to the health of stock birds, and when fowls have occupied the same run for any length of time the soil becomes sour and ought to be treated. The top soil should be removed first. After skimming this off about one inch deep, fork up the run, and while doing so keep sprinkling into it a spadeful of lime. The fowls should be kept off the run for about three weeks so as to allow the lime to thoroughly do its purifying work. Grass 11.1138, of course, should not be dug. It is sufficient to simply scatter the powdered lime over the surface and allow the rain to wash it in. If poultry keepers would only pay more attention to the state of the runs they would be troubled less with disease amongst their stock.

EGGS from splendid Pen Singlecomb Rhode Reds, prolific layers ss.dozen ; unfertiles replan BooTn,Nuttall, Nottingham.

From the "

RHODE ISLAND REDS.

717;

Readers will still have in their mind what was said of these fowls last season. I then wrote a somewhat lengthy aiticle on their merits as utility fowls. The above picture represents a pair of single-combed Rhode Island Red fowl. There is another variety differing onlyin comb—these are known as rose-combed 'Reds.' Both varieties are most useful fowls ; and when of a good strain they make excellent winter layers of good sized winter eggs. A useful farmer's and cottager's fowl—they are fast finding increased favour. As regards price, they are now within the reach of all. Sittings of eggs can be purchased so low as 3s. 6d. per dozen. Mr. H. Inman, writing to the " Feathered World Year Book " says:—" As a 1 utility bird, both ap an egg producer and a table bird, its merits are well known, and to anyone wishing for a good all-round bird they cannot do better than give it a trial, for there can be no doubt but that the Rhode Island Red, as an exhibition and utility bird, will long retain the popularity it has achieved in this country. "

-VGGS from Winter Laying Strain of Prize Rocks, Sittings 3s. 6d.—BRAUND, Mount Pie Shaldon, Devon.

TOWLH IN CONFINEMENT.

Year by year we keep adding to our list of back- yard poultry keepers. Those who are just starting need some advice, older hands need none, for it is amongst this class of poultry keepers that we find some of the most successful. The first consideration is accommodation. If your operations are confined to an ordinary sized backyard without any outside run at all, then you will have to be content with a very small stock. It is far better to keep half-a-dozen fowls in good health and laying condition, than to overcrowd your limited space with more. Remember then not to overcrowd. Having learned all the hints, you may extend at some future time, when the condi- tions as to space may be more favourable.

BREEDS TO KEEP. The novice is often bewildered as to what are the best breeds to keep. There are so many varieties that one does not wonder. It is even more difficult still, if one's fancy happens to be a heavy variety and the conditions and accommodation not suitable for them. It is useless keeping a pen of heavy birds in a very confined run, for however careful you might be in your feeding and general management, they soon become too fat to lay well, therefore content yourself with other tastes. The light and non-sitting varieties are essentially the backyarder's fowls. Colour also is another consideration, especially when your run is situated in or near a large industrial centre. This we will assume. The most suitable varieties then, would be any of the following :—Anconas, Black Leghorns and Black Slinorcas. If you can allow your stock a run outside the yard as well, then you could keep any of the following heavier varieties :—Croad Langshans, Black Wyandottes. Black Orpingtons, Rhode Island Reds and Barred Rocks. Of course if the appearance of the birds is a matter of indifference to you, then any of the light-coloured birds could be kept, for it is well-known that there are many other most useful varieties not mentioned in the foregoing list. You see how necessary it is to be guided by circumstances, or as one of my readers puts it "Use a bit of common sense," This a good advice, for what may suit one class of circumstances may not suit onother. Thus having grasped the main idea you can easily apply just a bit ot ordinary common sense.

Bone Meal, Biscuit Meal, Chicken and Turkey Meal, Chikko,Fellets, Fattening Meal (Armitage'sDry Chick Food Peat Mois (fir in bags),Cooi Foun' Troughs, M 0 1 A

WHITE ORPINGTON Eggs, ss. and 35.; untertile°A replaced; chickens double.—JOHN bI'ENCER, Brow, Kirkby, Liverpool.

co GG S from splendid laying strain, Anconaa,_., 1:A unlimited grass, 38. per dozen.—FßED M. BoO2P, Park Farm, West Wycombe, Bucks.

AFew SITTINGS of my thoroughbred White W: dottes laying since November ; 3s. a sitti replaced once.--STEPHEN.EsQ,Quillets,Killinehall,L,

WHITE WYANDOTTE EGG, Hunter 61: Harrison's strain direct, 4s dozen, unferti, replaced.—WM. CROSS, Norwood, via Otley, 'Yorks. RHODE ISLAND REDS, s.c.—EGUS from PL winners, 7s. 6d., ss. 6d., 4s. 6d. per dozen ; 110",:; tiles replaced.—F. HAINGE, Hayes lane, Kenley, VGGS 4s. 6d. ; Prize-bred Croads, Langshans, 813,, 14 Utility Buff Wyandottes, Nonpareil layers. JAMES CAMPBELL, Golspie, Sutherland.

CROAD LANGSEIAN, Housman Little's direct recoirtit winter layers ; 3s. sitting; prize pen, 4s. 6d.; al9ip, Cockerel, Housman's best pen.—TURNER, Chapel P.' Longridge.

EGGS for Sitting.—Black and White Leghorn, Obi WyandotteP Buff Orpington, pure bred; 3s. wall, unfertiles replaced. —DAyi ES, Bloomsbury 15 Timperley. Cbeshire.

Rde ACE, Silver Grove, Utley,Keighley, Member R-kiti Island Red Club, can supply EGGS from 13 ; noted Winter Layers, 23 6d, 3s 6d, ss, 7s 6d dolewe special Pen headed by winner Ist 3; Special HipperlT...---:

B LEGHORN COCKERELS (1911),brecl 1„1.7; -LP the best exhibition strains that money cal; b",;0; 7s. 6d. to 21s. each ; pullets ss. each • eggs ss. cic4,7i,l, unfertiles replaced once. STAIILEY RCSS' " Sunthorpe, " Keyingham, Hull.

EGOS FOR SiTrINO, from peaigree laying ‘'--00 Wysndottes, with individuallrecords of over,ei ; eggs in 12 months, 3s. dozen ; unfertiles rePll4OO fourteen pens mated ; unrivatled laying strain. P Hickling Pastures, Notts. WHITE WYANDOTTES, Rhode Island Reds, ; Buff Orpingtons ; typical birds ; bred to 1:; ' (1, no exhibition blood ; 45. sitting • fertility guar:lllk; -DOLMAN', Martyns Poultry Farm, Meld, Crilw Sussex. Specialist in Laying Strains. IF your hens don't lay give thorn more egg mes",ort will make anything lay; chicks fed on it will a' et as strong as cart horses ; it is the best food fei,,Per dogs ; genuine pure meat meal, two-thirds meat, "ilts third meal, free from chemicals ; try it now : ilb'„eye 141 b. 2/9, 281 b. 5/-, 561 b. 9/- ; green bone, fresh cut,oo7. price, carriage paid.—HoLuEs, Church rd., Chept%t GIVEN AWAY in order to let poultry buyers t,eere for themselves the quality of my record 16 which I sell at 3s. 6d. each, six for £l, carriage 1:4"1, I will give every customer who buys 10, a handscrofi male bird. The above birds average 200 eggs Yeteet Mr. Townsend Romiley writes, the six pullets you' "per me a month ago have laid 131 eggs. Mr. Cox, Orarlrf School, Plymouth, writes, I trapnested one of Je"sola Pullets and she laid 84 eggs in 95 days, and I ;tee. them at 2d. each. Mr. Tell, South Lancing .3 ..."„Ittf the six pullets laid 1,133 eggs in twelve months. r,437e 05 buyers kindly send for list. Have also good golle'doe I 28. 6c1., 2s. 9d. carriage paid.—BEARDSELL Rageo° Poultry Farm, Holywell.

CARTER & SON. so All kinds of GRAIN and MEAL, MEDICI,sI) OYSTER SHELL (and GRITS of all sizes),GßlS'.oe

Meal, Flakfriiii; Special Clll°6o° Mixture, itri CMoirane d fO , Vorro Food, 01 Food, I A C 00, , lea], all o d 06, Fot/d Ame mei) ,scoMest 'veriue.

BRIDGE STREET,: WARRINaI°' Corn Flour and Provender Stores' Corn Millers.

LANCASHIRE AND TARIFF " REFORDI''' THE UNIONIST FREE TRADERS' 8011 Mr Samuel Gleave, of Manchester' (who known to Warrington audiences) Rave an atdreS: the "The Lancashire View of Tariff Reform Memorial Hall, London, on Tuesday night; 1,011 P,, traders, he said, did not share the pessimism c" " Reformers who seemed to think every otber w" ofef, could " lick "us on their own ground. We b° could beat others on their own ground. wbat wanted in Lancashire was an open door. The for ° " Reformers 's were very largely responsible bo good deal of the comrnpetition that now 110%8000 faced. It had been a fortunate thing for 107ostriet that Mr Chamberlain in his list of tbrtatenedic," fao t included cotton. Cotton, he said, would go.. 1 thoo it had multiplied about 100 per cent. 91°6 ord so prophecy was made. This was also true in leg, the general trade of the country. There had such a prosperous period as the last thirtyW.:oo4, the trade of the country. He had the greatest Elf", Pe and admiration for the Unionist Free-traders,ssTs'itinco said, were more entitled to their sympattlY• litioitj and cons;deration than any other section of P° in the country.

'LINSEED COMPOUND' for Coug--ha proven efficacy; 90.3; Is. lid. Of Chemistiou'id

",,.;TC•tlt : • Feathered Wort,

• _ - • Fo 'tine - Me. "1.4. F o nins, '7l ...ghs, <go.. LascoJ olassine Liv C RTER & S'

===== 0002601_19120302_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
FEEDING.

Fowls kept in confinement need special care in feeding. Here they are deprived of natural tit-bits in the form of worms and insects, and also gi een food. These can be substituted. For adult fowls give cut green bone and minced beef about every other day, loz. per bird, and one of the best substitutes for green food is

===== 0002601_19120302_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
SPROUTED OATS.

It is only of recent times that this class of feeding has come into prominence, and many of our leading poultry men are using it freely. The following is a good method of sprouting the oats : Take a few shallow wooden boxes, with sides about three or four inches deep; in the bottom of these place a thin layer of fine ashes, then place your oats about one inch thick; the chief point to watch is warmth and moisture but do not get them too wet, or the roots will rot. It is a good plan to first soak the oats before placing them into the box, and then watering them freely will prove sufficient. In winter time, of course, it is more difficult to get them to sprout unless you have a greenhouse, failing this, they can be sprouted success- fully in a warm scullery. Sprouted oats are a splendid substitute for green food, and after they have grown to about two inches long they are greedily devoured and much relished, especially by fowls kept in close confinement.

OTHER FOODS. We have dealt with green food and flesh food, now of other food stuffs. The best grains for fowls in con- finement are oats, peas and wheat. Maize should never be given only in very severe weather. The soft food should consist of biscuit meal, middlings and pea meal. Always add a small quantity of table salt in the soft food, and in cold vet weather, mustard (as recommended in previous articles this season). The drinking water should constantly be renewed and occasionally you should adds piece of sulphate of iron therein. The grit box should always be well supplied, and a box of fine dry ashes should be placed in a corner of the run where dry.

THE SCRAP:IIING SIIED. There should always be a scratching shed added to the sleeping quarters. I; is not advisable to encourage the stock to frequent the sleeping quarters during the day-time. In a back-yard run the scratching shed is nearly always the only place where the fowls can occupy the time in scratching. The shed need not be large, providing it is well built and kept dry. On the floor of the shed should be thrown a good layer of chaff or straw litter, and as it becomes tainted it should be renewed. The evening feed of grain should always be thrown down in the litter. This forms good exercise for the fowls, and helps very materially to keep them in good, healthy condition.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
WILCOX & CO. (Dept 50) HAYMARKET, LONDON,

===== 0002601_19120302_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
r-• ooTB ALL tat a fAI"tiIITIC

NOTES BY " MUST."

===== 0002601_19120302_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S CUF TIES.

- - - - ----- Cup-tie fever has not had much to feed upon in Warrington so far, and unless the Wirepullers surprise their best friends to-day there will not be much left of the football season to get excited about. The draw has been unkind to the locals in sending them a second time to Yorkshire, and with such formidable opponents as Hull Kingston Rovers. The "Robins," as they are called, are at present the second best team in the broad-acred country, and have not bowed the knee at Craven-street this season to any side but the Australasians. On paper, Warrington's chance is a very poor one.

But paper form is not a reliable guide to cup-tie football. It does not seem so very long since Warrington were due at Wheater's Field to meet Oldham in the final tie. The odds were considered to be largely on the side of Oldham, but Warrington won and with a bit to spare. That was in 1007. Two years before that they met their opponents of this afternoon in the final tie at Leeds, and there too they won, though on foreign soil. Unquestionably, War- rington were a stronger team then than now—Fish, Dickenson, and Brooks were at their best—but the Wirepullers have not lost the old cup-fighting spirit, and it is " dogged as does it" in cup-ties. They will journey to Hull with hope in their hearts and, who knows? they may compel a replay at Warrington. I think this is what most people are praying for more than anything else. Two years without a draw at Wilderspool is bard on "the faithful."

The men have been quietly training throughout the week, and with the exception of Bradshaw and Brooks are reported to be as "fit as fiddles." The two latter players have both been su eriiag from strains, but they are selected, and everyone hopes they will turn out. Waywell will make an excellent substitute for Bradshaw if need be, but the loss of Brooks would be irreparable. The Club is hard up for half-backs, and the forceful methods of the international are usually responsible for half the attack. With the whole team fit and well, Hull Kingston may find them a harder nut to crack than they anticipate. I need make no secret of the fact that at Craven-street they think they have a "soft thing on," in vulgar parlance.

My chief fear about these Yorkshire cup-ties is on behalf of the forwards. We have the lightest pack to-day which has done duty for the Wirepullers for many a long year. The youngsters are keen, fast and clever, but in cup-tie contests weight is an important factor. There is a danger of the Warring- ton pick being swamped in the scrummages, but if they can bold their own here, then the result should be close. The Rovers are not a brilliant side behind. with the exception of the full hack—a man with 92 goals to his boot this season. It must be Mclntyre's object to send the ball anywhere but to the hands of Carmichael, and the team generally must be cautious about the infringements. In goal-kicking ability the Rovers have the pull over any team in the Union, but it is opportunity that makes the goals. A word to the %ise should be sufficient.

The Warrington team has been chosen as follows: Mclntyre, full back; Bradshaw, Renwick, Dickenson and Woodburu, three-quarters; Daintith and Brooks, half backs; Thomas, Shugars, Cheaters, Tranter Skelhorne, and Fearnley, forwards.

Hull Kingston Rovers team will be : Carmichael, full back ; Brain, Phil Thomas, Hughes and Ascott, three-quarters; Dean and Surman, half backs ; Mann, Sandham, Huskins, Holtman, Blackmore, and Moore, forwards. Referee: W. McCutcheon, Oldham.

A apecial train leaves the Central Station for Hull at 9.10, fare 45., and a goodly crowd will probably cheer the Wirepullers on. It will be noted that the fare has gone up 3d.—part of the general increase in excursion fares imposed by the railway companies since the strike troubles and the increase in wages.

The other ties are as follows : Oldham v Wigan Hull v Rochdale Hornets Leigh v Huddersfield • Barrow v Batley Salford v Dewsbury Halifax v Broughton Rangers. Keigbley v. Wakefield. The winners should be Oldham, Rochdale, Hudders- field, Batley, Salford, Halifax and Wakefield.

The League table up-to-date is as follows:— For. Against. Per- P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. ent'ge HudderstYld26 22 3 1..307164 706... 30 37 171 8653 Wigan 26 92 4 0... 70 87 401... 31 29 149 84.61 Hull K. R 24 18 6 0... 82 77 395... 30 39 177 75.00 Oldham 95 17 7 1... 67 97 425... 43 49 233 70.00 Hunslet 26 17 8 1... 42 95 369... 51 47 243 6730 St. Helens 24 16 8 0... 56 82 358... 35 42 196 6666 Wakefield T 25 15 9 1... 50 71 313... 48 65 291 62%10 Batley 23 14 9 0... 40 44 212... 22 29 131 60.86 Halifax 25 14 9 2... 48 75 321... 27 47 195 60.00 Dewsbury 26 15 10 1... 54 76 236... 49 58 272 59.61 Widnes 23 12 8 3... 36 46 211... 19 35 143 53.68 Broughton .25 14 10 1... 42 53 243... 31 37 173 5800 ........29Hu1l l5 12 2... 50 80 340... 35 57 241 55.17 Leeds 25 13 12 0... 49 75 323... 39 63 267 5200 Leigh 26 13 12 1... 42 53 243... 45 52 246 51.92 Rochdale H 24 12 12 0... 42 49 231... 37 63 263 50.00 Warrington 26 11 13 2... SO 52 216... 42 53 243 46.15 York 92 9 12 1... 37 42 200... 50 60 280 43.18 Keighley 2l 812 1... 34 44 200... 39 69 285 4047 Swinton 25 814 3... 34 39 185... 45 58 266 38.00 Salford 24 7 13 4... 31 39 179... 42 44 216 37.50 Barrow 92 7 11 1... 21 37 153... 57 73 333 3409 Runcorn —.22 5 15 1... 21 32 138... 43 54 248 25.00 Coventry 25 419 2... 28 27 137... 71119 499 2009. Ebbw Vale 22 217 3... 17621 106... 63 93 405 1590 Bradford 24 222 0... 27 28 138... 70106 458 8.33 Bromley 23 021 2... 18 22 102... 80 132 556 4.34

At Rochdale the Warrington men played a game which was distinctly encouraging for to-day. Every man did well, and the forwards were particularly brilliant in the loose. The team did not deserve to be beaten pointless, but the absence of Brooks and Bradshaw weakened the attack. The chief stumbling block to success was Baxter, the home custodian, who, as usual, distinguished himself against Warrington. He made more openings for his threequarters than his own half-backs—an eolquent testimony to the quality of his full-back play.

I took the opportunity on Saturday of watching the juniors whom Warrington had out on trial against Rochdale "A" at Wilderspool. The team as a whole played a shocking game and was well beaten. Chester and Vernon might never have seen a Rugby match before judging by their poverty of ideas in half .back play. And at centre young Butterworth waa no better. The redeetning feature of the display was the work of the new fullback, Jolley, who shaped like a footballer who will make his name in the game. To my mind he is too small to ever be a great success at full-back, but there is talent in the lad which might find a more suitable outlet at half-back.

The "A " team for to-day against Runcorn White Star will be :—Jolley3ull-baelr ; Clare, Vernon, Brown and Waywell tbreequarters ; Jordan and Douglas (P and K) half-backs; Boardman, Bradshaw, Ilesketh, Cooper, Arnold, and H. McCabe, forwards.

MANCHESTER AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. RYLANDS' RECREATION v. SALFORD TRINITY.

---- --- These teams tried conclusions at Salford, achieving a creditable victory by which their position as prospec- tive champions is much improved. The Trinitarians kicked off and early on Leah placed his side in an advantageous position. The visitors early got their passing machinery into working order and combination between Floyd, Leah and Griffiths resulted in the last- named scoring a clever try at the corner. The Recrea- tion team still applied pressure, and Salford, exhibiting a weak defence, it was not long before Ilorrocks put on the finishing touch to smart transfers twice in succes- sion. Leah and Bramhall placed goals, and at the interval the visitors led by two goals four tries (16 points) to nil. The second half went all in favour of the leaders, who continued to develop all the finer points of the sport. The passing at times was of a fine description, and tries were scored by Leah, Horrocks, Stretford and Booth. The visitors at the close had notched four goals ten tries (38 points) to nil,

RUGBY FOOTBALL. THE NORTHERN ONION.

Results of Saturday's Matches. 4. NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE. Leeds Hunslet 1 4 14 Wakefield Trin. 1 0 2 Hull Kingston R 8 G 34 Dewsbury 1 2 8 Oldham ' 0 ° 6 Huddersfield 1 0 2 Widnes 5 6 28 Barrow Halifax 7 8 38 Coventry York Hull Wigan Broughton Rang. 8 9 43 Ebbw Vale Batley • 3 1 9 Salford Rochdale Hornets 1 2 8 Warrington St Helens 6 6 33 Leigh 0 0 0 YORKSHIRE COMBINATION. Featherstone R ... 18 Batley A Wakefield A 3 4 18 Hunslet A

LANCASHIRE SHIELD—FIRST ROUND. Runcorn A — 16 St. Helena A ... 0 1 3 YORKSHIRE JUNIOR CUP—FiftsT ROUND. Lane End United 0 3 9 Stanningley & P 1 1 5 Puraton W H York Leeman W 2 2 10 Beverley Normanton 5.J.... 5 10 90 Puraton Inter 0 0 0

RUGBY UNION.

INTERNATIONAL MATCH.

G. T. P. G. T. P. Ireland 0 1 10 Scotland

At Dublin. COUNTY CHAMPIONSITIP—FusrAL. Devon

' At Devonport. Warrington Fight Hard at Rochdale. Warrington made a good show at Rochdale on Satur- day, considering that Brooks and nradshaw were absent from the back division, but they had to submit to defeat in the end. Fine weather prevailed, and a crowd of 6,000 watched, what was always an interesting struggle. The teams were : Warrington—Mclntyre back; Woodburn, Renwick, Dickenson and Clare, threequarter backs; Daintith and Jordan, halfbacks; Thomas, Shugars, Chesters, Fearnley Tranter and Skelhorne, forwards. Rochdale Hornets—Baxter, back ; West, English, Prudence end Paddon, threequarter backs ; Schofield and Robinaon, half backs ; Woods, Homan, Turner, Slade, Jenkins and Fitzsimmons, forwards. Referee, Mr J C Lnmhy, Leeds. Touch-judges, Messrs W A Peel and A Widdison. Warrington opened well, for the forwards put in some dashing work, and Baxter was hard put to it to save his line. Renwick and Dickenson made a good use of the many passes heaved out from the scrum, but the wings were unable to beat the defence. Clare made one gallant effort, and it took Baxter all his time to keep the Warrington lad from crossing. Schofield broke away smartly, and cleared finely, but Daintith soon placed Warrington on the offensive again, West being tackled near the line by the speedy Skelhorne. The Rochdale forwards at last found their feet, and Romans led a dribble to the Warrington quarter. There was some loose play here, and the ball coming to Baxter, the full back opened the score with a fine drop-kick. For a time Mclntyre was busy but be cleared strongly, and fine work by

Renwick and Clare put Warrington again on the attack The Hornets were penned in, and Woodburn twice bad a shot at goal, but failed by inches. Mclntyre also failed and a goal kicker seemed badly needed. Rochdale cleared the way to the Warrington end through Robinson and English, Paddon taking a pass and making a good bid for the corner, where Mclntyre was too much for him. Warrington still had the better of matters, the halves, Renwick and Skelliorne, all being prominent in another attack on the home line. Shugars burst through and gave Woodburn a fine chance, but the wing man failed to side-step and fell a victim to Baxier's fine tackling. Warrington ought to have been ahead by now, but the interval came with the home team leading by a goal to nil. On resuming, for a long time the play was of an even nature. Warrington eventually forced matters to such purpose that Baxter was lucky to clear. Daintith threw to Thomas, who made a desperate effort to cross but he was grassed by Slade. By easy stages the Hornets forced matters at the opposite end and a passing move- ment by Schofield, Robinson and English looked ominous for the visitors, but Paddon failed to break through. Warrington were penalized, but nothing accrued. The visitors were next awarded a penalty,but Mclntyre was lacking in length in the attempt at goal. The game was warmly contested at the Rochdale end, until the home custodian initiated a round of passing and the ball travelled through the hands of English, Prudence and Paddon. Danger was averted, but not for long, for another round of passing led the way for Roman to snap up the ball and send Turner over for a try. Paddon failed to improve. This success practically settled the issue of the game, for Warrington appeared to fall away and were usually employed on the defence. Paddon scored a try in the closing stages, but the goal. kick was again a failure. Result: Rochdale Hornets, one goal two tries (eight points) ; Warrington, nil. WIDNES v. BARROW.

- - At Widnes before 2,000 spectators, bath teams being well represented. Early on Swinton got over for Widnes, and Reid and Johnson crossed the line, Jones (and Taylor gosling. Mitchell and Gifford scored for Barrow. In the second half tries were added for Widnes by Swinton, Taylor and Reid, while Jones (two) and Taylor smiled. Result :—Widnes 5 goals 6 tries 28 points ), Barrow 2 tries (6 points). ST. HELENS' 0 REAT WIN AT LEIGH.

Leigh were utterly below form, and could do nothing Tight in this return match at Leigh. Five minutes from the start Trenwith dodged over, Turtill improv- ing. Greenwood next crossed near the posts after fine passing, Turtill again gosling, Waddell, from a cross- kick gaining the third try, and Molyneux placed the goal from near touch. In the second half Greenwood got two smart tries, one being from an intercepted pass,wbilst Shallcross and Turtill kicked goals. Prescott sot an opening and scored after a sixty yards' run, Turtill goaling. Result :—St. Helens 6 goais 6 tries (30 points), Leigh nil. Teams and officials : Leigh.—Bolewski, back; S Johnson, Brown, Roberts and Donohue, three-quarter backs; Ganley and Whittaker, half backs; Gallop. Lee, Woods, Barton, Dsvies, and Cartwright, forwards. St. Helens.—Turtill, back; Flanagan, Greenwood, Browning, and Wyatt, three-quarter backs; Trenwith and Molyneux, half backs; Briers, Shallcross, Heaton, Prescott, Waddell. and Butterfield, forwards. Referee, Mr F Renton, Hunslet. Touch judges, Messrs F Crabtree, Rochdale, and J Valentine, Swinton.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WARRINGTON " A " BEATEN AT HOME.—The Wire- pullers' second string paid the penalty for putting an experimental side in the field against Rochdale "A." Chester and Vernon both shaped like novices at half back, and young Butterworth was a failure at centre. The only redeeming feature was Jolley's smart display at full back. Apart from one blunder he did capital work and certainly kept the score down, for the visitors were much the superior team. In the first half the Hornets scored two tries and a goal to nil. In the second portion Warrington made great efforts and got a try after a scramble near the line, Wayvvell being the scorer. Poor combination, however, made the attack weak, and Rochdale soon drew further ahead. A fine breakaway by the visiting scrum half resulted in a try under the poste, and an easy goal. Final : Rochdale Hornets, 2 goals 3 tries (13 points) ; Warrington, one try (3 points),

RYLANDS v. MANDLEBERCVS.

At Gorsey-lane to-day. Team :—Bramball ; Griffiths Leah, Hennessy, Horrocks ; Gallop, Floyd; H Morris, Bramwood, Broadhurst, Mason, Booth, Stretford.

ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

ALTRINCHAM DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION. RESULTS TO DATE. Goals.

P. W. L. D. P. A. pTS. Mobberley l9 .13 .. 4 2 ... 50 ... 23 ...28 Latchford l9 .12 .. 5 .. 2 ... 47 ... 26 ...26 Lymm l6 .11 . 9.. .43 24 ...25 Lostock Oralam —l5 ... 2 ... 2 ... 83 ... 18 ...24 Bowdon Vale 16 .11 .. 3 . 2.. 40 ... 30 .. 24 Broadheath 16 8 .. 5 . 3 ... 43 ... 29 —l9 OUghtrington Am' 18 ... 6 ... 9 ... 3 ... 32 ... 29 —.15 Oughtrington Parkl4 ... 5 ... 7 ... 2 ... 28 ... 21 ...12 St. Vincent's l7 .. 3 8 6 .. 17 31 ...12 Atrincham Lads 14 5 . 9 0 . 23 . 38 —lO Sale Albion 17 2 12 3 21 47 ... 7 Penketh l5 2 ..12 1 . 13 . 52 .. 5 Knutsford St Crossl4 0 ...11 ... 3 ... 21 91 ... 3 OUGHTRINGTON PARK V. BOWDON VALE. At Heatley on Saturday. . Play all through was highly interesting and the result was a drawn game of one goal each. _ . _

Sr. VINCENT'S V. LYllll\l. On Stamford Park an even encounter resulted. Taking the game all through perhaps Lymm had slightly the better of matters and pressed the most,but the superior defence of the Saints neutralized matters. The result was a drawn game of one goal each. ALTRINCHAM AMATEUR CUP. SENIOR COMPETITION.; RE-PLAYED TIE.

CRANFORD V. BROADEIRATIT. The re played tie took place at Knutsford before a good attendance. A hard fought game ,ended with the score Broadheath three, Cranford one.

THIRD ROUND.

SALE ALBION V. MOBBERLEY. At Brooklands. Mobberlev were returned easy winners with the score : Mobberley four ; Salo Albion, oae. LOSTOCY GRALAM V. LATCHFORD. This tie took place at Lostock Gralam. On the previous Saturday Latchford overcame Lyrnm by three goals to one, and so had to visit Lostock. Both teams were well represented and gave a good account of themselves. The game was of an open nature all through and most enjoyable to watch. In the end Lostock Gralam qualified to enter the semi-final with the score three goals to one in their favour. JUNIOR COMPETITION. ROBERTSON'S V. LATCHFORD RECREATION'. The Recs. having won their protest against Wellfield United were opponents to Robertson's at Latchford lest Saturday. A splendid game was the result very fast and full of interest from beginning to end. At the interval the score was one goal each. For the first portion of the second half even play ruled until about 15 minutes off time. During this period several brilliant individual efforts by Fleming resulted in that player performing the " hat trick " for the Recreation and giving his side victory with the score: Latchfo rd ttecreation, four; Robertson's, one. ALTRICHAM LADS V. HOWLEY. ti At Howley. The visitors opened with ten men and for a short time were on the defensive. Howley were the first to score through Bennett after 15 minutes' play. Altrincham Lads gradually got the measure of their opponents and equalized with a beautiful effort ' after 30 minutes. Half-time one goal each. Tbe game was strenuously but cleanly fought all through. Gradually the Altrincham boys assumed the upper hand and took the lead after 25 minutes in the second half. No further scoring took place, the final being : Altrincham Lads, two goals ; Howley, one. Lymm Lads 2, Sale Moor 1. Oughtrington Amateurs 0, Latchford 0.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

"A Life's Revenge."

The popularity of the orthodox melodrama is declining in face of the rapid advance of lighter fare and a play has to possess exceptionally good qualities to gain the appreciation of theatre patrons of to-day. However, notwithstanding the long term of years" A Life's Revenge " has been staged, its appearance is always heartily welcomed for it is one of those few productions which possess in a marked degree the essentials to a successful drama. Overflowing with exciting incidents, the balance is maintained by a good fund of rich humour. The plot is cleverly con- ceived. A serf-painter falls in love with one of his patrons—a ,princess, who is also loved by the most notorious and most cruel prince in Russia. Her preference however, is for the poor painter and they are secretly married,- a fact which is discovered by an adventuress who herself has amorous designs upon the artist and resorts to various measures to obtain her desire. A realistic duel is witnessed between the rivals and, needless to say, the honours fall to the heroine. By the laws of Russia a serf is under the entire control of his master who can use him and punish him as he likes. The prince succeeds in getting the painter in his power and suLjects him to the most degrading treatment. A rescue 18 affected by English friends of the artist and after many incidents of a thrilling character have been witnessed, the villian receives his just deserts. Mr. and Mrs. Percy Brown have presented the play with a large amount of success at the Royal Court Theatre during the week. They are well supported by a number of talented actors and actresses. The difficult part of Paul Starovitch, the painter, is in the able bands of Mr Reginald Brown who possesses an attractive personality and is a great favourite. As his wife, Princess Wanda Ivyala, Miss Kathleen Magee soon instals herself in the good esteem of the audiences, her acting being superb. Mr. Percy Brown, as Prince Boris Strogroff makes the most of a trying and unpopular part. Of herculean build, he contrives by a mastery of facial expression and caustic speech, to show all the cunning and devilry of a thorough-paced scoundrel and earns his quota of hisses- the villain's highest reward. Miss Lelia Drummond as the Red Angel, Marcia Victoria, gives a convincing portrayal of the scorned and jealous woman. In the duel scene she shows herself to be a no mean exponent of the art of fencing, and along with the Princess earns unstinted applause. Mr. Cyril Grier. as the wily serf Michael Orloff, ranks amongst the foremost of the company, and justly so, for his part is a curiously contradictory one and one the audience do not know whether to appreciate or scorn until the final scene when be shows himself in his true light. The other parts are in capable bands and the scenery and effects are perfect. The orchestra, under Mr. Tom Booth- royd's conductorship, submits a choice programme.

NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME. Mrs. F. C. Kimberley's latest play, " The Wild Girl of the Forest," will be presented at the Royal Court Theatre next week. As the title suggests, it is quite different from the usual run of drama. The central idea came to the author in a dream, and the story is suitably pitched in a key of high romance. It is by no means an uncommon experience for creative artistes to have an inspiration when the mind is supposed to be at rest. In this instance, the situation in which Mrs. Kimberley seems to find herself appealed to her so strongly that she set to work at once to weave it into a play. The drama was success- fully produced in Manchester,on August Bank Holiday. 1911, and it has proved, by far. Mrs. Kimberley's biggest success. The caste includes Algernon T. Hicks, as loris Prince of Floralia ; George E. Butler, as Capt. Riccardo, the traitor; and Miss Margaret From°, as Maritza, the Wild Girt.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
ALBERT HALL SUFFRAGE MEETING.

The Albert Hall was packed on the 23rd, when the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies held its great meeting. The hall was decorated with the banners of its different branches (over 300 in number), and the lady stewards wore red, white and green sashes and favours.

Mrs. Fawcett, L.L.D., (President of the Union) took the chair, and the speakers were Mrs. Philip Snowdeo, Lord Lytton and Mr. Lloyd George.—The latter came in for some heckling from a few of the militant suffragettes, who profess to disbelieve the Govern- ment's sincerity in promising facilities for a Women's Suffrage Amendment to the Reform Bill but the Chancellor of the Exchequer made it quite clear that the Cabinet would stand by the pledges, and affirmed his belief that this year would see the enfranchisement of women. A host of distinguished people had accepted platform tickets for the occasion. Literature being I particularly well represented in the persons of Mr John (3ataworthy, Mr Jerome K Jerome and Mr Pett Ridge. Other notables included Miss Ellen Terry, Professor I Gilbert Murray the lion. John Collier and Mrs Kendall. A collection was taken during the course of the even- ing and resulted in an addition of £5,000 to the Society's fends. Apparently it is not only the Militant Suffragettes who can rake in the shekels !

LINSEED CONIPOrVD ' for Coughs, Colds, and Bronchial troubles. 90., la. 10. Of Chemists. —Advt

===== 0002601_19120302_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
r" Ifas Kept. me") I free from Colds" I

O 14a Inglernere Road, Mitcham, Surrey. 0 IDear Sirs,—l have taken Angier's Emulsion every winter for the past twelve years and can unhesitatingly recommend it for colds and lung affections. I 'first began taking it on my doctor's prescription after a severe attack of pneumonia; at the time I was extremely weak and my life was despaired of. In a month I regained my health and had added a stone in weight. Ever since, during the winter months I take a dose after dinner and again the last thing at night, and it has kept me O quite free from colds, to which I had previously been subject. I think it also has a ' most beneficial effect upon my digestion. (Signed) 13. T. SINCLAIR. 1 I , :44ticiER,,,,,,,,,„: 10N. I ..0.,,00, _ _

ID Angler's Emulsion is soothing to throat, lungs, stomach and intestines. It 0 l• not only overcomes heavy colds and relieves and cures the most obstinate coughs, but it keeps the digestive organs healthy, and has a wonderfully invigorating influence upon the general health. Angier's Emulsion is unequalled for coughs and colds, bronchitis, asthma and all throat and lung affections. It is pleasant to take arid agrees perfectly with delicate stomachs. Of Chemists, 1/li, 2/9 and 4/6. A FREE SAMPLE

• e LTHsent on receipt of 3d. postage; mention this paper. E ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., Ltd.. 86 Clerkenwell Road, London, E.C. eGlßEEDlENneeenninfigiDell.llllllo.MMlCA 430111/1111111111110 0

20 Years of Vile Catarrh' Wonderful Testimony to the Curative Powers of Dr. Ag- new's Catarrhal Powder. Chas. 0. Brown, journalist, of Duluth, Minn., writes: "I have been a sufferer from Throat and nasal Catarrh for over 20 years, during which time My bead has been stopped up and my condi- tion truly Miserable. Within 55 minutes after using Dr. Agnew's Catarrhal Powder I obtained relief. Three bottles have almost, it not entire- ly, cured Dr. Agnew's Heart Cure relieves heart 5 disease In 30 minutes. Sold by H. M. Ashton & Harold Smith, Chemists Warrington, & Beets Cash Chemists.

bad always been that there was not enough money in the compensation funds. The compensation levy was a most unsatisfactory thing, for it was optional to the local authorities to impose it and he believed some authorities had never imposed it. The provision for local option eas real democracy—one ratepayer, one vote. The Tory party should hail it with delight as a kind of referendum. (Laughter.) He felt strongly that there should be greater stringency with regard to clubs. The alleged aims of the clubs should be minutely investigated with a view to stamping out drinking dens. Grocers' licences should be abolished, for they put temptation directly in the way of the weak and placed a premium upon deceit. It had been said that men could not be made saber by Act of Parlia- ment, but legislation could make it easier for men to do right and harder for them to do wrong. The PRlxte MilcisTEß (Mr. E. Wynne-Jones) said drunkenness was Britain's most conspicuous vice. It was a standing disgrace to the nation that we planted legalised dangers at every street corner—especially in the places where the people were the least able to get away from them. The Bill was not extreme, but was based on the report of Lord Peel's Commission which included eight representatives of " the trade." As to the suggested municipalization of the drink traffic, they could not do that, because they had the authority of Alderman Bennett for saying that some of their present local rulers wero no more fit to govern the town than a donkey was to sing a Christmas carol. (Laughter.) Municipalization was therefore out of the question. Local option was the best solution of the problem at the present time, because it would awaken the moral sense of the people, and get them to expel the evil from their midst. By reducing the facilities for drinking they lessened the consumption of drink. As to the complaint against restrictions, if people would not do right, they must make them. Mr. WILSON (C., Hythe), contended that the theory that a reduction of licences meant a decrease of drunkenness was not borne out by experience in different parts of the country. A recent return showed that on the average the counties and boroughs with the smallest number of public houses per 10.000 of the population had recorded the largest percentage of con- victions for drunkenness pro rata. They all admitted that licences were granted for one year but public- houses were purchased on the understanding that renewal would take place annually so long as tbe licencee behaved himself according to the law. ("No.") It would therefore be unjust to take away licences without compensation. Mr. LEsLIE (L., Bury) gave an unqualified approval to the Bill because it was a step towards an ideal which would end in the abolition of the drink trade. Local option was simply a restriction of sale and not of purchase. A man in a prohibited area could get drink if he wanted it, outside that area. He regretted that a party with the great traditions of the Conservative party—however remote those traditions might be— should associate itself, as it did, with the drink trade. Public opinion was rapidly advancing in favour of reform. It was ready for a much greater reduction of licences but the justices were at present hampered by the Act of 1904, which was passed at the ultimatum of the brewers. The vested interest which that Act created must not be regarded as a freehold and the present Bill would win back for the magistrates the rights which they possessed prior to 1904. The Government did not object to "the trade' providing compensation, hut they said that the taking away of licences must not depend upon the amount of compensation which the brewers had a mind to exact from their own members. The magistrates must have unfettered rights to reduce licences apart from any considerations of fioance. The progressive forces were fighting for righteous land laws, better housing and improved social conditions for the poor, but the drink trade was a barrier in the way of all pro- gress. It was the Judas of democracy. Mr. Ceameenr.are (Soc. Gorton) expressed surprise at the mild way in which the Government was dealing with the drink traffic. He opposed the Bill because it was not conducive to the best interests of the people at large. They could take a horse to water but they could not make him drink. They were not going to make a sober nation by coercion. It was not drink which caused the poverty in this country and reduced I men to the verge of starvation. It was the conditions under which they laboured and the small wages they received. The Bill would deprive the people of that freedom which was supposed to be one of the greatest factors in our laws. Seeing that the community created the value of a licence, why was it allowed to go to the brewer? The State must take over the control of the drink traffic instead of leaving it in the bands of privi- leged persons whose livelihood or existence depended upon the misery of the poor. Mr. J. Mr:Dee:ern (C., Paisley) said they had been treated to advocacy of temperance by most intemperate language. (Laughter,) The Bill, he considered, would aggravate and accentuate existing grievances. Power would be vested in local magistrates, many of whom allowed an utter incapacity to deal with the question, through prejudice and incompetence. The Libeials were continually tinkering with the licensing question, but without any advantage accruing—in fact it was almost a hardy annual, The fullest and freest local option was that which allowed the individual freedom to take or leave drink. If 'they:wished to make reliable pro- gress in the propagation of temperance, they must operate on the individual and his inclinational? the Bill became law, the Bev. H. Ogden's health would be heartily drunk from the Tweed to John-o'-Groats, because it would have the effect of opening public- houses in Scotland on Sunday. (Laughter.) The speaker reminded the Government that the grocers' licences which had been roundly condemned, were the creation of the Liberal party, and ,when they bad been in power they had not abolished them. Total prohibition of the drink trade would be a distinct injustice not only to those who were engaged in it but to the general public. The Rev. H. OGDEN, in replying to the debate, said he was most amazed at the attitude of the Socialists. The Bill ought certainly to have appealed to them on the ground of trusting the people. On a division, the Bill was passed by 21 votes to 11. WELSH DISESTABLISHMENT. Next Tuesday evening the following resolution will be introduced by the Prime Minister and the Chancellor of the Exchequer: That this House welcomes the statement of Mr. Asquith " That a Bill for the Dis- establishment and Disendowment of the Church of England in Wales shall be given such a position in the programme of legislation for 3912, as will enable it to overide the Veto of the House of Lords during the present Parliament." This House fully recognises that the withdravtal of the patronage and control of the State from the Episcopal Church is absolutely necessary for the social harmony of the people and further expresses the opinion that in the interests of justice religious equality should be granted to Wales. This House further affirms that after an equitable satisfaction of existing interests the national property now devoted to the use of the Churoh shall be devoted to national purposes.

COMMERCIAL FALLURES.—According to "Kemp' Mercantile Gazette," the number of Commercial Failures published in Great Britain and Ireland during the four weeks ending Saturday, February- 24th,was 649. The number in the corresponding four weeks of last year was 736, showing a decrease of 87, being a net decrease in 1912, to date, of 87.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

LICENSING BILL PASSED.

After RD interesting and spirited debate, the Licensing Bill introduced by the Rev H Ogden (Minister for Education) received approval at the meeting of the Debating Society on Tuesday evening by a majority of 10 votes. Some novel points were raised in the course of the discussion—which was extended about twenty minutes beyond the usual time—and the feature which most surpised the intro- ducer of the measure was the opposition which came from the Socialists. Their remedy for existing evils RIM of course. State ownership. The CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCFIEQUER (Councillor Hawthorn), in re-opening the debate, said the Bill might be regarded as one of restitution, for it restored to the magistrates the right which was taken away from them by the Licensing Act of 1904. Prior to that date, the law was perfectly clear that licences were granted for twelve months only. Although the granting of compensation had not altogether stopped the extinction of licences, it had retarded progress in that direction, with the result that we had many more licences than were required to meet the reasonable wants of the community. The Rector of Warrington once said that one licence for every 1.000 inhabitants of Warrington would be sufficient. That 'seemed a reasonable proposition but we were a long way from attaining it,as there was one licensed house for about every 300 inhabitants.By establishing local option the Bill gave the inhabitsnts of any district the right to say whether they would have a licensed house in their midst or not. It was common knowledge that the opening of a public-house reduced the value of pro- perty in the locality. Poor people had not the power and money to fight brewers' applications and conse- quently licensed houses had been thrust at almost every street corner in the poorer neighbourhoods and had become a source of temptation to those who ought to be protected by law from such inflictions. It was amongst the poorest class of workers that the greatest drunkenness prevailed. ("Question.") Two hundred cases which recently came before the Liverpool justices were analysed and it was found that 80 per cent concerned people in receipt of less than 30s. per week. Defending the proposal to curtail the hours of business at public-houses, Councillor Hawthorn said it was utterly antagonistic to democracy that any class of people should be required to labour from 6 a.m. to 11 p.m. If there was a hard worked class of the community it was the barman and the barmaid. The hardest taskmaster in the world was sometimes tbe workingman who demanded an eight hours' day for himself and asked barmen and shopmen to work ten or fourteen hours per day, because he would not do his

purchasing earlier. The Bill, he finally claimed, dealt with the evil in a moderate manner and would tend to make England more sober. Mr. L. WARBURTON (C., W. Bristol), said the Con- 1 servatives would offer the 13111 a strenuous and deter- mined Opposition. How a measure which failed in every element of justice could be regared as generous, he failed to see. The magistrates, he contended, bad the same power to-day as they bad previous to the 1904 Act. ("No, no.") Nominally licences were granted for a year but would any sensible man go to the expense of erecting a public-house and establishing a business on the understanding that he might be turned out at the end of twelve months? The Government omitted to mention that " the trade" itself raised the compensation under the 1904 Act. He considered it was only fair that if the public demanded the suppression of a licence, a reasonable amount of compensation should be paid for It. He agreed with the proposed restrictions on clubs, which, bethought, competed unfairly with the publican and were often responsible for (drunkenness for which he was wrongly blamed. With regard to the Bill as a whole, he advised the Government to teach the people self-control instead of hedging them round with all sorts of fences to keep them out of the public-houses. Were the Liberal party, he asked, willing to find posts for the men they threw out of employment by their legislation, instead of providing appointments for faithful adherents of Liberalism ? . _ _

I Mr. E. ENGLAND (1., Warrington) after congratulating the Rev. H. Ogden on the very temperate language he used in introducing the Bill, said he was a whole- hearted supporter of the measure. He considered it was very just and would in many respects be a great help to the publican. If any man needed help from the public, it was the publican. By calling upon him to work such long hours they were inflicting a hardship upon him. The Bill was not ideal by any means. Mr. Balfour's Act with regard to compensation was a statesmanlike Act. The method for providing com- pensation on the extinction of licences was excellently devised and operated well. He was surprised at the Opposition opposing the present measure, instead of suggesting amendments, for he believed every scheme ought to be considered on its merits, apart from party prejudice. Ile was particularly pleased that the War- rington magistrates had supported the recommendations of the Liverpool bench on licensing reform because, unfortunately, a slur had been cast on them in days gone by. It had been said more than once that the Warrington justices were in the hands of the brewers, but their recent action gave the lie direct to that allegation. They had shown that they were an impartial body. Mr. WATSON (Soc., E. Birmingham) contended that the cure for the evils of the drink traffic was public o wnership of breweries and public-houses. The breweries had, however, so accustomed the people to chemicalised water that if a perfect beer were supplied the novelty might upset them. (Laughter.). They ought to close the low, dirty back-street public-houses and re-plant them in the open sunshine, making them bright and wholesome places. He would put two or three in Palmyra-square. (Laughter.) Let them make the public-house a place where a man could, with comfort, take his wife and family to. find music and light enter- tainment. At present magistrates were appointed on account of political bias and not for their knowledge. They ought to be elected, like members of the Cotincil, and then the public would have more control over them. If the Government were prepared to allow the work- ingclasses to be dragged up amid slums and filth they could only expect them to resort to beer to wash down their sufferings and sins. Mr. W. .J. WALKER (I, Bermondsey) declared himself to be "one of those terrible persons known as rabid teetotallers." If all classes could be compelled to adopt teetotalism they would be the better for it and a large percentage of our social evils would disappear. By the ultimate abolition of compensation the Bill would remove the greatest hindrance to the reduction of licences. The Act of 1904 had not realized the expectations of its authors in that respect, for the cry

===== 0002601_19120302_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
4

THE EXAMINER Series PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One- Three ' Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 3a. 9d. 24 ... 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 32 ... is Od. 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 7s. 6d. 40 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Od. Bs. 9d. 48 ... Is. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. 10a. Od.

Domestic Servants. etc. WANTED ,good GENERAL.—DR. SYNTAX HOTEL, Fylde rd., Preston.

WANTED, GENERAL, age 21.24; no washing.— ALEXANDRA VILLA.PrPscot rd.. St. Helena. WANTED, exper. ENERAL, small family ; refer required; .£21.-PARKSIDE, Blackpool rd.:Lytham'

• . WANTED. good GENERAL; no washing.—Appiy Mrs. PEARSON, 12, The Crescent, St. Anne's-on-

Sea.

WANTED, a good reliable GENERAL, Protestant state wages required.—Ksxr, 16, Balfour rd., Southport.

WANTED, good GENERAL; wash. plain cook homely place, about 22; £13.-55, St Mary's rd., Garston. - - -

WANTED, respectable young GENERAL.: famil, two.—PAYTON, 35, Granville rd., FallowUeld,; Manchester.

WANTED, GENERAL, family two; £2O-22: no washing; fare paid.—Mrs. ARMOUR, St. Cross Vic4rage, Knutsford.

COOK-GENERAL, ,Z 24 ; Parinurmaid, £26 ; House- maid Waitress, £22 ;2Kitcheomaid.—BEATTlN, Fishergate, Preston.

WANTED, smart GENERAL; r nod home and wares ; all dutties.—.LYNDENE, Westmorland rd., TJ rmston, Manchester, -Vde

WANTED, young GENERAL, for Romney ; must have references.—Mrs. SMITH, iPinfold lane, Romiley, Cheshire.

BLACKPOOL.—Good Plan.a guaranteed ; °mart Maids, pub., private.—Mrs. WARD, 6, Upper Talbot at. (Stamp reply).

VVANTED, GENERAL; capable all duti.• • small house; references.-30 ROYAL AVENUE, Talbot rd., Old Trafford, Manchester.

WANTED respectable GIRf. for farmhouse; abl to milk; milk sold: good home, good wages.— Mrs. SLATER, North Rode, Congleton. DUDLEY'S DONIES ['IC SERVANTS' REGISTRY 92, Allerton rd., Liverpool.—Excellent situations for good Generals ; free till suited.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL, excellent situation, two in family, wages 06,—Apply Miss HUDSON, 104, FlnttPrmßrkAr. pt., W§irrinnton.

WAN L'EU (2,00h:b, tioubemdme, uoutt-gauerata Young girls; good references required.—Porrs REGISTRY, Buxton rd„ Macclesfield, Cheshire, ,

NUANTED, a GIRL as help in the aitchen to assist V with cooking and meals. &c., age about 18.— Apply Mrs. HALL, 201, Lord et.. Southport.

- • - WANTED, SERVANTS, good Plain Cook, Parlour- maid, Cook-Generals. Generals, Housemaids and Girl about 16.—REGISTRY, Trevelyan at., Eccles.

WANTED, experienced PARLOUR-MAID, Hall- maid,Sewing and Laundry-maid; Roman Catholic. —MATRON. Cotton Hall. Oakarroor. WANTED, HOUSEmAlu•ivAtirmub, two in family, wages £lB, very good situation.—Apply Miss HUDSON, 104, Buttermarket a.., Warrington.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL; trustworthy, able to do nice plain cooking ; another maid kept. —Apply. Mrs. McALusTsR,4, Stanley avenue, Birkdale WANTED, immediately, experienced COOK GENERAL, nee from 25 to 35; waitress kept ; five in family.—Mrs. WILSON. Fern Ac's. Brooklands.

• WANTED, COOK-GEE HAL ; small family ;3. miles from Stockport • House parlourmaid kept Mrs LEES, Manor House, Torkington, Hazel Grove, Cheshire.

------- WANTED, COORS, Parlourmaids, Houaemaids Generals, immediately. Good situations. Apply THE " CARLTON " RROISTRY (over Boots'. Chemist), Wrexham. NVANTED, SERVANTS, immediately, for hoarding and private houses ; references ; good wages. Enclose stamp for reply.—Wtruaids, Alexandra Drive, St. Annes-on-Sea.

WANTED, experienced COOK-GENERAL, good wages eiven; roferences required.—Apply by letter, NEW Dousx, Netherton, near Liverpool, via BlondeUganda.

WANFED, Young COOK-GENERAL. Doctor's house, three in family, Housemaid kept, wash, £2o.—Mrs. HAROLD SNAPP, Barr Hill, 132, Bolton rd., Pendleton, Manchester. WANTED at once for Warrington and Manchester, V V Experienced COOKS, Housemaids and Generals, excellent situations for capable maids.—Apply Miss UDSON, 104, Fluttermarket st., Warrington.

WAN FED, Experienced GENERAL, plain cooking: small family; good references required ; good wages to suitable person.—Mrs. ALEXANDZR, 28, Riley, Avenue, St. Annes-on-Sea. - - -

W_ ANTED, experienced HOUSE-PARLOURMAID; good waitress and silver cleaner; housemaid kept; age 2.B.—Apply letter, stating particulars, good refer- ences, wages required.—Mrs. WINDER, Wenderholme, Bolton.

WANTED GENERAL immediately to live with family and assist in business; age 18 to 22 ; good home and wages to suitable person ; send refer- ences; Protestant.—EAßKElt, 25, York st., Heywood, near Manchester.' WIDOW desires post by 25th IJlarch, as superior help in small family, capable and energetic. Conntry district near sea, or would go abroad.—Apply Mrs. LAURENCE, 369, Oxford rd., Ilanabester.

_ wANTED nice refined GIRL, IS, for housework; all duties and assist in tobacconist shop ; must be thoroughly reliable and trustworthy and have good reference • comfortable home.—Mrs. KAY, Westfield, Rhos-on-Sea, Colwyn Ray.

CANADA.-30 Superior Domestic Generals to join specially conducted parties, leaving May, June, July ; now being organised; part farea advanced, good wages, happy homes ; experienced conductress ; private hotels for girls on arrival • the Salvation Army has best organiastion • disinterested advice and full particu- lars free.—Cor.. L'AMB, 122, Queen Victoria at., London

===== 0002601_19120302_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Horses. Carriages, Live Stock

cia HARP COB, with Cart and Harness ;lot £6 neat kJ Lorry ; will lend.-45, TRAVIS ST., London rd.

CI OYERNESS CAR PONY and Harness for Sale or X_lfbire. Partionlara to view.-16, CARNARVON RD. Birkdale.

Wante

IV-71ETA:srrEf15-I"—OUNG LADY as apprentice.—Apply Scorr,,, 8, Horsemarket it.. Warrington.

J-‘ D epresentative wanted calling on shops and houses , excel. line.—llildreth, Wharf at, Stockton, Darhsm

- - FORWARD your LEFT-OFF CLOTHING to TayLow's, Cemetery rd., Doncaster. You will receive its utmost cash value.

WANTED •' Smart, Tall YOUNG LADY; as Apprentice to Millinery Show Room. Apply.— J. 9c W. DUTTON, Sankey St. _ _ .

jacjo PERMANENTLY.—Wanted good Handwriters ciar:i (work at home) ; particulars stamped envelope. SPECIALITY CO, 74. City rd., London.

I_IOME WORK by which 25a. or more may be earned weekly by either sex.—Particulars from INRWMAN:. The 13tmealow. floret rd.. Eggthr,,,A.

WANTED.—LADY with small house wishes to meet with another to share house and expenses, or as paying lies 128± LIVERPOOL RD., Birk,lale.

AN important Hint. Ladies, why throw sway your ri n air Combines, post them ow to WILLIAM ODDY, Dept. C., Dock Mills. Shipley, Yorks. Cash 4d. per oz., sent per return.

OLD False Teeth Bought; 4d. per platinum pinned tooth given on vulcanite, 9d. on silver, Is. 3d. on gold, 2s. 6d. on platinum. Cash by retnrn ; Bankers, Lloyds, 1. RAYBE RN AND CO., Dept. 87, Brazennose at. Manchester. OPPORTUNITIES Abroad, men and women, dis- interested advice free; Salvation Army has unique organisation and guarantees work ; now organising weekly conducted parties.—Get 1912 programme from COLONEL LAMB, 122,Queen Victoria at., London, E.C. 9 YOUNG MEN wanted at once to Learn Wireless ee.' '1 Telegraphy, the coming profession ; positions on ship or shore; salaries from £l4O to £6OO ; great demand for competent men, owing to rapid extension of the system and compulsory equipping of all ships ; exceptional opportunities for promotion, anyone can learn; no previous knowledge required, few month's training only ; tuition fees moderate.—Send postcard for interesting free Booklet "Wireless as a Profession" to the SECRETARY, Wireless Institute, 15, Market Manchester.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE been universally admitted to be a Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy for Anemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals. Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Ferule Ailments. Boxes Is. lid., 2s. 9d., 9s. 6d. and Ile. (Sample sent free). Only address :- 3095 PORTOBELLO ftl).. NOTTING HILL, LONDON

Miscellaneous On sale, etc.

BOXING GLOVES from 3s. set, Punchballs Cs: ; list free.--,JENKINS, Radford rd.. Nottingham.

Dressmaking patterns by diplomatist,any kind from id stamp partios.-THong crAFFF,Preston rd., Blackburn BOILED LOCUSI BEANS, cheapest and best food for Pigs, 3s. cwt.—CoNNELL, Over, Cheshire.

100 Differant atamps, retina, Coloniee, Hayti eta., 7d.-Philatel ist,67,Amburat Pk, Stamford Hill N.

DOG COLLAR TALLIES, with name and address, complete, post free, 7d.--BAwnoN, 85, King at. Blackburn.

T" my. noted "Brain Waves," all papers, guaranteed genuine; 2 for 6d. ; 107 e com, XL—HARRIS, 8, Norman at., Dover.

vIIRNITURE, Bedsteads, Mail carts; buy direct at factory prices; catalogues 2d,—NORMAN & CO. Church it., Birmingham.

1000 MEMOS, Billheads, Cards, 45.; 50025. 9d.. Samples f _ree.—LISTER Soss, Trinity Gro9ve, Hassle, Yorkshire.

SECOND-HAND Three-Quarter BILLIARD TABLE and Accessories for Sale, cash or instalments.- 49, DUKE ST., St. Helens.

Fish' Norway season now in full swing, boxes from 7s. 6d., all other stuff cheap for cash with order.— FRED YOUNG, Billingsgate, Hull.

IVORY HAFTED, genuine Sheffield-made Pocket knives, two blades, Is Id. root free; satisfaction guaranteed.—B. C. BROWN, 368, Staniforth rd.. Sheffield.

BOILERS, Vertical, second•hand ; a few for irpmediate sale. cheap; tested to 1001bs. hydranlic.—PAßßY.S. Princes St. Works, Chester.

STOCKS of Drapery, Hosiery, Clothing, Boots and Fancy Goods of all descriptions bought for cash to any amount.—MANCHESTER STOCK BUYERS LTD., 9, Fountain st., Manchester.

MONEY, labour saved, house cleaner, brghter ; use my wonderful polishes; silver, brass, all metals: recipes, 7 stamp% worth pounds.—Eawis, 51, Maryon rd., Old Charlton, Kent.

TO Caterers and others.—By post only, splendid line in full-size all metal solid handle table knives, 6s. doz. for cash; post free; send 9d. for sample.—THOMAS BARNES, Agent, 93, Market st., Manchester.

Matrimony.

JOHN WALKER & CO., LTD., PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, &c., " EXAMINER " OFFICE,

Agriculture.

21 Packets Spencer Sweet Peas, King Edward, etc. Is. free.—SNAINTON SEED Co., Yorks.

Garden.—Farm Seeds, Plants, Fruit Trees, catalogues free.—R. MACKENDER, Newark, Notts.

QEEDS.—Choice Assortment 18 packets Is in lots.— Ashburnham-Kelly, 69, Leytonstone rd., Stratford, E Mushrooms all the year round can be grown in your house, recipe sent for ]8...-JEFFS, Broomhill, Barrow, Chester.

,Qeed Potatoes. British Queens, King Edwards, hand- -1.7 sorted, pretty seed, grown North Lincolnshire Wolds,direct from Sootland.Rohinson.Worlabv,Grimsby

Shoes, Businesses, etc.

ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO SELL are advised to consult Mr. fin—wpaLL, Legh st., Warrington.

BBLACKPOOL.—HOUSE and GROCER'S SHOP with stock. Can be bought for £2so.—BooTit, Greenhill, Blackpool.

BLACKPOOL—GROCERY and COMPANY HOUSE at valuation. Splendid position. Bargain.— BOOTH, Greenhill, Blackpool.

£4O —COCOA ROOMS, near Cammell Lairds, • easily managed; steady trade ; bargain.- 193, Cheater at., Birkenhead.

BLACKPOOL-GROCERY AND MIXED; yearly turnover £l,OOO ; present tenant ,13 years ; price £l2s.—Boarir, Greenhill, Blackpool.

Houses, Land on sale, etc.

Education.

MISS GRIFFITHS. teacher of pianoforte Pupils taught at their own homes, or at Prince's, confectioner's. Sankey st.. Warrington.

To be Let.

MO BE LET, LARGE ROOM, suitable for workshop &c.—Apply T. HUTCHINSON AND Co., Golborne st., Warrington.

MO BE LET, Furnished. a DETACHED HOUSE.- -Apply Hrs. MosELEY, Daisy Mount, Bromley rd., St. Annes-on-Sea.

WAREEIOUSE TO LET-30 feet x3O feet well lit, dry, hot water heating.—Apply EXAMINER " OFFICE. 1V trriagtoo.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19120302_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19120302_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR MAGNIFICENT STOCK,

is the Largest.

Most eomprehensive.

in South West Lancashire.

and Upstozdate.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
v. • UNGTOIN

'r

Telephone 586.

,

rikcy

I

,

OF r- `•, 7F* (1 GOLDSMITHS, I 'SILVERSMITHS,' 6-• DIAMOND MERCHANTS'

===== 0002601_19120302_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19120302_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
o'4 A • . ,

46.

I

,.......,...::,,.i.-:,!,:',,-;....:',:::p77.:!,',..e.:7;.s',.*:,-.''''io..:.. ,. , ..-

all

MADE

0,.... A- - r--

===== 0002601_19120302_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Medical.

DILES positively cured," Kurum " never fails, tins is. each.—CLARK, 33, Brondesbury rd., London.

TARIM Habit.—Remedy without discomfort.—Mr ARMER, 14, Endsleigh Gardens, London, W.C.

CIOMFORTABLE HOME Pending and During Confinement, with nurse; terms moderate.-7 LIVINGSTONE RD.. BIACkPOOI.

COUGHS, Colds, Bronchitis, &c., quickly cured by taking "Syrup of Camphor" ; in bottles Is. VA. post free.—Comsn & PHILLIPS. Eye, Suffolk.

VICZEMA and all Skin Troubles.—Relief Ist applica- tion, 1 box usually cures ; 7d. post free.— NICHOLSON, 12, Rothesay Terrace, Bradford.

GENERAL Ailments treated by letter, competent advice guaranteed by return, strictly confidential, send is. P.O. Letter detailing symptoms, also stamped envelope to PROFESSOR SCOTT, 35, Buckley rd., N.W.

RHEUNIATICS.—The easiest and most permanent cure. Use our reliable Anti-Rheumatic Rings, beautifully engraved 4/6. plain 3,6. 4 years guarantee. Enclose P.O. saying diameter of ring required.-BARTON AND Co., 31, Station St., Nottiogham.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
'.-44111(

Sti,e-6tl

===== 0002601_19120302_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_—•srail

===== 0002601_19120302_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
10 to 20 per cent Genuine Discounts.

Now is the time to Buy! EVERY ARTICLE REDUCED. Solid Silver

Electrocp late

Jewell ery,

elocks, Watches,

Barometers. Bronzes.

eutlery• &c.

TUE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY MARCH 2 1912.

-,_ Thb There have been few ' btADLOCK. occasions within living memory when the beat,. no: of the national pulse gave such evid- dats,43 °f a common anxiety as in the last few th's• There had been a general expectation -tratiat When. the Government took ltihe coal viin,e situation in hand there wold be a / ~ is 13" C decision in one direction or another. It qio rl3l)able that the Government itself had: ' InaBii°ll expectation. The differences between illvs4sl;es and men, although they do not to °lvo a great deal in respect of payments In !)e made, go very deep indeed. cfoalfi'elinde of the busiest parts of the : there has been a bitter ;bli , :ig Of hostility, and a desire to t what, under different circumstances, have if another spirit had prevailed, might t been easily enough settled by negotia- v°,ll: Mr. ASQUITH and his colleagues have lirout doubt most carefully considered the .vi wQle,:lll,estion from every possible point of pee ' "lia we may take it that they are of all ,shoDle east surprised that their intervention ciellid not have been followed by immediate 'to the results. The negotiations have appeared elo,or anxious public to drag on with painful narZliese• They have occupied almost every 17. ent of several protracted days, during Secret what was being done and said was 11,:thriet and silent, the people meanwhile bei,'":ng for the issue of good news from ..'illd the closed doors. 411° a case of this kind, as the PRIME de TST.ER and his immediate associates in ~. a. log with the situation have quite well t"od_ erstood, no solution of the problem was (3ef b.O arrived at by a mere expeditious cutting have be Gordian knot. The questions that een in dispute are not accidental and illonientar of the Y• They go down toithe very root e_ '! relationships between employer and la`u_DloYed. TheY must affect the future t_"ere than the present. The increase that alvirin the most complete victory of the Would bring about'in the 'cost of the A'toduction of coal would most certainly not

The Examiner, Saturday, IY[arch, 2, 1912.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
be worth the closing of the mines for even so much as a week. But it is not only the increased cost of output that has made coal- owners, particularly those of South Wales, seem to be harshly resolute in resistance. They have had many troubles to contend with in late years, and there cannot, we believe, be a doubt that they were eager to crush the men, and that this desire has pre- vailed over all other considerations. If they could have shown that crushing the men must be a good po!icy in the long run, there , would at least be justification for their stubborness—or their firmness. however it may be named from their own point of view.

The first announcement that was made as to the result of the deliberations of Wednesday put one thing quite clearly, and that is that the coalowners were not agreed among themselves. There seems to be no reason to doubt that the negotiations might have been brought to a speedy end in one way or another if the coalowners had been as much of one mind as the men whom they employ. But different conditions prevail all over the coalfield, and not only different con- ditions, but very great differences of temper. The coalowners are far indeed from thinking alike. It is natural to say that each of them knows his lowa business best. But in that case, why are there great federations of employers? It is just as with the coal pits themselves. Some of them yield very great profits, and some of them are scarcely worth the working. Common action among coal- owners must in such circumstances be exceptionally difficult, and the impossibility of bringing all the interests concerned to a common denominator, as it were, has made the Government's task of conciliation one of the most difficult and bewildering undertak- ings in which any Government has ever engaged. The whole country must feel that the proposals made by the Government are the real and only possible foundations for a settlement. They will not, as appears, pre- vent a strike; but what seems almost certain is that they will greatly shorten its duration.

Mr. W. H. Woodcock, THE RATEABLE the able assistant over- VALUE OF seer, has now completed THE BOROUGH. the revaluation of the Borough, as authorised last October, and presented his report to the Finance Committee. The work has been very carefully done, and the results give a clearer idea of the "letting value" of the town than has ever been ascertained before. Our rate- able value to-day is £294,184 10s., as against £257,967 six years ago, an increase of 14 per cent. An extra productiveness for rating purposes of £1,016 per annum, is estimated. Mr. Woodcock comments in favourable terms on the housing of the workingclasses, and his opinion is of exceptional value seeing that during the last four months the rentals (and the condition also) of over 15,000 houses and shops have been ascertained. To quote Mr. Woodcock's own words, "The working- classes particularly are well-catered for, and for a reasonable rent are able to obtain a well-built and comfortable house. The slums are gradually disappearing, they were mostly in yards and courts, and soon I hope the last of these will disappear." In a way, the over- seer's comments are an unsolicited testimonial to the energetic policy of the Health Com- mittee in dealing with congested, or slum areas. A great advance towards healthy and adequate housing has been made in the past few years and there is no cause to doubt that in a short time slums in Warrington will be as rare as once they were plentiful. It is very gratifying to find that with the steady increase in rateable value,there is a coincident improvement in the conditions of living among the working classes and even the poorest of the poor.

The Member for War- MERELY A MILLION rington rarely fails to OR Two. _attract attention when

he makes a speech in public, for the simple reason that he utters more mistatements to the minute than any contemporary politician we can call to mind at the moment. The natural sequence is that Liberals are fully employed in putting him right." In the House of Commons last week Mr. Smith made the assertion that our increased trade was largely with our Colonies Quite the opposite is the actual fact, as Councillor Roberts took the trouble to explain the other evening. The total average increase in our exports to protected countries during the five years, 1906-10, was 39'3 per cent., and to open markets 452 per Ant. while the increase in exports to Colonial markets, notwithstanding our boasted preference, was only 142 per cent. Mr. Smith could not have been mAch further from the mark! He also said we Imported from Germany 21/2 times as much ccitton goods as we exported to that

===== 0002601_19120302_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARS.

I

Personal. Mr. F. V. L Matthias, the borough electrical engineer, has been elected president of the Manchester Electro-Harmonic Society. Picturedrome. Some capital pictures have been shown on the screen at the Picturedrome doling the week, and large audiences have assembled nightly. "The Knave of Spades" is the chief production for Monday, and on Thursday "The Lifeboat " a thrilling story of the sea, is accorded premier position on the bill. Halfpenny Tram Faros. At the Council meeting on Tuesday, Councillor C. Jackson Holmes will ask the Chairman of the Electricity and Tramways Committee whether the Committee have considered the advisability of intro- ducing halfpenny stages on the tramways, and if so, what was the decision arrived at. Sir Luke Fildes the Victim of Burglars. Sir Luke Fildes, the well-known Academician, who has intimate connections with Liverpool and. Warrington, is the latest victim of the London burgla Early on Thursday morning an entry was forced at his residence at 11, Melbury-road, Kensington, and a number of valuable antiques and silver were stolen. Magistrates' Clerk's Salary. The General Purposes Committee of the Corporation has again sent up a recommendation " that the Home Secretary is recommended to increase the salary of Mr. G. F. F. White, magistrates' clerk, from £5OO to £6OO per annum." A similar resolution was defeated at the February Council meeting, and a rise of £5O suggested instead. " PREMIER" CYCLES.—Special lines at £5 10s. or with 3 speed gear, £6 15s.—Agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Confirmation at Christ Church, Latchford. The Bishop of Chester held a Confirmation Service at Christ Church, on Thursday evening. There were 178 candidates, 61 from Christ Church, 50 from St. James', 32 from Stockton Heath, 29 from Grappenhall, and six from St. George's Altrincham. The Bishop based his address on the two words " Duty " and " Grace.' The clergy present were the Revs G C Briggs, H V Pigot, J Collins, W Hendy Cock, H Corsbie, E Gunner, and H B Firth, who carried the Bishop's pastoral staff. Warrington Musical Society. 'Under the auspices of the Warrington Musical Society, the third subscription concert will take place in the Parr Ball, on Wednesday, March 20th. The work selected is Dvorak's " At the foot of the Cross " (Siabat Mater) and will be followed by a miscellaneous second part. The artistes will be : Madame Sadler' Fogg (soprano), Miss Dora Arnell (contralto), Mr. Joseph Cheetham (tenor) and Mr. James Coleman (bass). Plan of reserved seats iivill be open to sub- scribers on Saturday next, and to the public on Wednesday, March 13th, at Mr. R. H. Pearson's, Bridge-street. Tickets fur unreserved seats at Dawson's, Sankey-street. LAWN MOWERS ground by special machinery. Send ,your machines now before the rush.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge st.z Warringtoe.—Advt. .Lenten Lectures. There was a large congregation of women at the second of a series of Lenten Lectures at the Parish Church yesterday afternoon, when the Rev. W. Stanton Jones (Rector of Middleton), gave an interest- ing address on "The appeal of Christ."—ln the evening the rev, gentleman addressed a large assembly of men on "The Crises of a Soul."—Next Ft iday the , Rev. Canon Hawson (Vicar of St. Andrew's, South- loon), will address the women's meeting on " The 'Power of Good Thoughts," and the evening service for men will be conducted by the It ev. J. B. Lancelot '(Principal of Liverpool College), who will tAke for his subject "Our Lord's Temptation." Warrington Philomathic Society. The ninth ordinary meeting of the present session was held at the Academy, Bridge Foot, on Wednesday evening last,the President (Mr. James Ball) occupying the chair. A debate entitled "Is the British nation at present on the downgrade? " baying been arranged to take place between the Council and the members, Mr T E Knowles led off in the affirmative on behalf of the Members, being supported by Messrs Forshaw, Dutton and Elliott, and Was followed by Mr J Walsh in the negative on behalf of the Council, supported by Messrs E G Burgess. Taylor, Dunn and Barlow. The various aspects of the case submitted by both sides, notwith- standing the wide and varied character of the subject, were so admirably and effectively dealt with that on a vote being subsequently taken, the Council could claim only a majority of one in its favour. Warrington Photographic Society. For the third time this se.sion Mr. Bishop has increased the society's indeptedness to him, this time by a demonstration of the working in Platinotype Paper. That he knows his subject is proved by any one who will turn over his old pages of the Amateur Photographer, and find the reproduction (Summer Number 1910) of Mr. Bishop's fine platinotype of "Roses." After a succint reference to the cheapness and the simplicity of its manipulation, he demon- strated to the satisfaction of the audience what beautiful results can be obtained either in black and white or in sepia by this process. The ten prints enclosed by the Platiootype Company included both portraits and landscapes, and every gradation of tone was obtained as each print was developed. One p tint .dVout this particular brand of paper was not explained and it is a mystery to the- ordinary Englishman. Although the price of metallic platinum has so greatly increased, probably through the multiplication of electrical apparatus, yet neither in quality nor in price has platinotype paper varied for a dozen or more years. • Threatened Strike of Bakers The operative bakers and confectioners of Warrington are agitating for a reduction in the hours and an increase of wages. Negotiations with the Master Bakers' Association have been pending for the past few weeks and recently the Amalgamated Union of Operative Bakers and confectioners formulated their demands which include a 51 hours week (including meal times), a minimum wage of 38s. for foremen; 325. for second bands, and 30s. far all adult hands, and various provisions as to overtime, &c. It was understood that if the men were not satisfied they intended to come out on strike to-day (SAurday). but last night we were informed that a further meeting between representatives of the masters and employees had been arranged for Tuesday next. 11.10 TOR CYCLES.—Agent for "Douglas "& "Premier." New Models now in stock. Trials and all information f ree.-J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge at., Warrington.-Advt Warrington Women's Circle. - A very enjoyable evening was spent by the members of the above and their friends at the Club Boom, Bridge-street, on Thursday. Mrs. Arthur Willett an ived on the scene about 7.30 p.m., accom- panied by a troupe of juvenile artistes (most of whom were pupils of the Misses Picton and also of Miss Partiugton), who went through a varied programme in such a manner as to win loudest applause from the ' assembled audience, and reflected the greatest credit on the teaching and training of the youthful performers. Another interesting feature in the programme was a play entitled "The' £5OO prize" by the Padgate Dramatic Society. The last item was a musical com- petition by Mrs. Jackson Holmes for which prizes were given to the two best competitors. This brought the evening to a close, when Miss Ball, leader of the Circle proposed a hearty vote of thanks to Mrs. Willett, Mrs. Holmes, and their kind helpers which was most warmly responded to by the appreciative aitdience. Assessment Committee. The monthly meeting of the Warrington Assess- ment Committee was held at the Workhouse, yesterday. Mr A. Brooks presided and there were also present : Messrs G Mather, J W Knowles, J Billinge, W C Brooks, A J Jolley, W Furness, W Gill, E L Bent, A Bottomley (clerk) and E Gunson (valuer.)--The valuer reported on his valuation of several properties, including the following: Richard Evans and Co., colleries, Haydock, £10,460 gross, 0,668 rateable; Newton, £1,882 gross, £1,506 rateable; Burtonwood, £1,764 gross. £1,411 rateable; off-licence, Heath-road, Penketh, £3O gross, £25 10s. rateable; Sportsman's Arms, beerhouse, Penketh, £3O gross, £25 10s. rateable. The committee accepted these figures —John Henry Atkinson appealed against the assessment of the Red Lion Inn, Hollinfare, at £5O gross, £42 10s. rateable. The committee declined to make a reduction. The Glasgow Corporation for- warded a resolution urging that powers be granted to local rating authorities throughout the country to impose and levy on the new valuation a tax on the value of land for local purposes, distinct and separate I Aoncet.anTd take considered dere action.dthe matter a from the increment duty to be imposed under the The committee decidedom m ittot etkeea Effective and Economical. Of Chemists only.—Advt. I political 4 LINSEED COMPOUND ' is a good Cotigh Mixture.

NOTES AND NO'llitE

An echo of the snowstorm! The Borough Surveyor reports that after the recent storm his department removed 2308 loads of snow weighing 1731 tons, at a cost of £221. 19s. 11d.

* - "Wales is so busy digging underground that her children are forgetting how to live ' decently above ground."—From Thoughts for St. David's Day" by Alfred T. Davies. * *

Howley foot-bridge has been ready for delivery by the contractors for some time, All that is required is a little more haste on the part of the Corporation in making the foundations. The piles are not driven yet, but there is a reasonable hope that the bridge may be ready for the summer.

Has the Health Committee already got weary of well doing? We notice that the Committee has resolved not to be represented at the Exhibition and Conference of the Smoke Abatement League in London next month. Alderman Bennett seems to have a clear cases belli against his confreres.

to The Lancashire ana Cheshire Federation of the National League of Young Liberals this week completes its fourth year, and the -report for the past twelve months shows that 1911 saw a still more marked advance in its activities and achievements. During the year nine new branches have been affiliated with the Federation. * * Mr. Harold. Smith, M.P., fell foul of the Irishmen in the House on Wednesday during a discussion on the effects of the rail- way strike in Dublin. He admitted being there himself "on a holiday" and was twitted by Mr. Jos. Devlin, M.P. with going" over to Dublin with fifty-five boxes of pamphlets" and bearing a placard on his breast saying that" Ulster will fight and Liverpool will be there to lead." Mr. Smith neither denied nor confirmed this interesting suggestion that he filled the role of a sandwichman. We are sure his constituents would like to know fuller details in order to stimulate their imagination.

* * Mr. Smith seems to have been caught in the act, so to speak, of adopting devious means to prejudice Home Rule. Our readers will recollect that not very long ago he said publicly. If they thrust upon Ulster a measure of Home Rule Londonderry would run blood, and the con- stituents of his native city would cross the channel by thousands to take up arms etc. Perhaps by " arms " Mr. Smith meant placards and pamphlets. Mr. Devlin hopes to be there when the member for Warrington enters his " sphere of warlike activity in Ireland. " In the meantime he told the House that as an Irishman,he much resented "attacks upon Ireland by a number of ignorant English gentlemen of high education and great prestige. " *s* "In the United States of North America the slavery of Protection is to-day immeasur- ably more crushing, more soul-warping and demoralising over the whites than was the slavery of the blacks the cant-inspired,loath- some Civil War was entered upon professedly to abolish. Protectionism is now sterilising France, leading her down towards the abyss of new revolutions, and in Germany it is sapping the foundations of the Empire, hastening on the day when the German people will have to choose between hopeless and abject vassaldom and revolt that may give a chance to recover freedom—between Kaiserism and individual manhood."—" The Investors' Review," Feb. 17th, 1912.

* * For his life of Lord Randolph Churchill,the publishers paid Mr. Winston Churchill £B,OOO, a higher rate of payment than that made to Lord Morley for his great Gladstone biography. For this Mr. John Morley, as he then was, received £lO,OOO, but the book was nearly a third larger than Mr. Churchill's, and took him a good two years to write. The Gladstone family, who commenced the work, are said to have already received £36,000 from its sale, in addition to which the profits of the publishers have to be added. Mr. Kipling's book, 'Captain Courageous," was written for a magazine at a shilling a word, then a record, but since often exceeded. Sir A. Conan Doyle has written stories which , have brought him in half-a-crown a word.

I. afoul

* * A little plain speaking sometimes clears the air, but we doubt if the "Sunrise" say- ings will have this effect. We quoted from the local annual last week, but we did not by any means exhaust the mine of invective. A reference to the work of local architects as exemplified in some of our public buildings reads: in their pathetic striving after originality they have perpetrated such abominations as to make everybody with a spark of taste feel positively ill." The writer also says that the projected scheme for the enlargement of the Town Hall "is enough to make the ghosts of the Wilson-Pattens turn in their graves." This, at least, will be a new feat for ghosts, which are usually understood to be quite independent of the grave's close environment. * • But this is not all, or even the worst ! There are some caustic allusions to our "municipal rulers" and the usefulness of expecting from them "any glimmering of genuine statesmanship." We are told that "our hope is in the children," and led to anticipate nothing of value from" municipal administrators some of whom are no more fit to manage the town's affairs than a donkey is to sing a Christmas carol." This trenchant article ends on the following cheerful note:

"There's a good time coming, boys, Wait a little longer."

We have a mental picture of some of the " boys " attending the Council meeting on Tuesday armed with copies of "The Sunrise Annual." There is obviously " a good time coming "for a certain Alderman! , •-

Evelyn-street School. The special committee appointed to select a care- taker for the Evelyn-street Council School had before them 188 applications, 85 of which were from Warringtonians. The choice fell upon Mr. Thomas Marchant Roden, of Forster-street, who for seventeen years has been employed at the Corporationintercept- ing depot in Hardy-street. The salary for the new appointment is £lOO per annum, with house, fuel, &c.

Girls' Club West-street. - On Wednesday eyenirig the Rev. J. S. Chedburn gave a Temperance address, which was greatly enjoyed by all present. Miss Bessie Dutton presided, and a the close of the meeting several pledges were taken Sankey Bridges Adult School. Last Sunday morning Mr. Joseph King delivered a lecture on "Ile connection between clays and metals." By means of specimens of clay etc., Mr. King illustrated the processes involved in the pro- duction of porcelain and enamel ware ,etc.

Messrs. Garnett's Staff Dinner. Messrs. Robert Garnett and Sons, of Warrington and Liverpool, held their annual staff dinner at the Winmarleigh Cafe on Friday evening, the 23rd inst., Mr. Sewell in the chair. Various speeches were made and songs given during the evening, and altogether a most enjoyable time was participated in by about wenty members of the staff. Successes at Widnes Eisteddfod. At the Widnes Crown Eisteddfod on Thursday, the Rev. L. J. T. Darwall. Vicar of Walton, was awarded the prize for musical compOsition (hymm tune:. Mary Greenough, Ellesmere-road, Stockton Heath, carried off the prize in the challenge solo for children under sixteen.

Box Company's Tea and Dance. On Monday, February 19th the employees of the Alliance Box Company, Ltd., held their second annual tea and dance in the Co-operative Hall, Cairo.street, which proved a very successful affair. About 030 p.m. 101 employees and friends sat down to a splendid meat tea supplied by Atkinson's Cafe, Ltd. The catering which was under the personal supervision of Mrs. Atkinson gave complete satisfaction. Dancing commenced shortly after 8 p.m. and soon there were 150 couples waltzing round the room to the strains of Mr. Underwood's famous band. During the interval Mr. W. McHugh favoured the company with a song. The' duties of M.C. were very ably carried out by Mr. B. Appleton. VACUUM CLEANERS, thoroughly reliable machines from 375. 6d.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Itonmengers, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. The Salvation Army. Brigadier and Mrs. Williams brought their visit to a close last week-end with some largely attended services in the Andrews' Picture Palace, Bridge Foot. On Sunday afternoon the soloist, Liss Maude Green, gave beautiful renderings of " I know He is mine" and "When I survey the wondrous cross," while at the evening service she was heard to advantage in "With loving arms around me." At the special musical service, which commenced at 8.15, the Stock- ton Heath Wesleyan Choir contributed a number of selections, and Miss May Isherwood sang two solos, "Sun of my soul " and "Angels ever bright and fair " with much feeling. Mr. Penketh conducted and Mr. Foster presided at the organ.—On Monday even- ing there was a farewell rally in the Salvation Army Hall, Academy-street. Spiritualist Lyceum. An open session of the Lyceum was held at the Druids' Hall on Sunday afternoon, on the occasion of the annual distribution of prizes for regular attend- ance, good conduct, the giving of recitations, &c., for the year 1911. The opening exercises were conducted by Miss Dark, assistant conductor. The prizes, about forty in number, were distributed by Mr. Stout and Miss Barton, of Manchester, gave the address. Recita- tions were given by Eva Fox, Maggie Handles (each of whom had 40 to her credit for 1911), Ctertie Naylor, Harold Tanner and Jos. Handles. Miss Houghton contributed a solo, Mr. W. Gilbert and Miss Houghton a duet, and Mr. S. Dark a capital violin solo, the intermezzo from Mascagni's " Cavalleria Husticana." Miss Lily Shaw officiated at the organ. Warrington Divorce Case. In the Divorce Court, on Monday, Sir Samuel Evans, the President, beaid the undefended suit of Mrs. Gertrude Edith Sackson, of Waterloo House, Wilderspol, Warrington, for a divorce from her husband, Robert Holmes Jackson, on the ground of his misconduct and cruelty.—Mr. Bayford, for the petitioner, stated that the parties were married on the 10th October, 1909. In June, 1911, petitioner found in her husband's room a diary which contained entries in shorthand. It was, he thought, the most disgusting document he had ever read. The entries had been translated. When her husband cameho wanted to get the document from her, but she declined. Next day he left the house, and they had not lived together since. Soon afterwards plaintiff consulted a doct and found she was suffering in health, a conditio. she attributed directly to her husband.—Tr. Law gave evidence in support of the wife's statement. His Lordship granted a decree nisi, with costs. A Camera Tour. The Parkinson family, of Barton-on-Irwell, paid another welcome visit to Bold-street Wesleyan School on Saturday evening, and gave their popular enter- tainment, "Our tour with the camera to Maderia, Teneriffe and Grand Canary," interspersed with musical items. The Rev. H. Williamson presided. The lecture proved highly interesting and the lime- light views,which numbered over 190, were reproduced from choice photographs of the many beauty spots in the places visited. Miss Olive Parkinson gave expressive renderings of " The brightest day" and ".Nearer, my God, to Thee," and Miss Parkinson skilfully played a violin solo—selection from "Faust." Mr. H. Parkinson gave as a pianoforte silo Thalberg's " Home sweet home," and a trio was sung by Miss and Messrs. T. M. and H. Parkinson, while a number of selections were given in which all the members of the family took part. The entertainment closed with the singing of " Home, sweet home," by Miss Parkinson.

!tor

===== 0002601_19120302_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. HAROLD- SMITH, M.P. ON "HOLIDAY." ' A MISSION TO DUBLIN. DID HE CARRY A PLACARD?

In the House of Commons on Wednesday. Mr. Harold Smith, M P., intervened in a debate on the Irish Railway Strike. MR. HAROLD SMITH'S ADVENTURES. Mr. H. Smith (Warrington, C.), said he could not accept the statement of the Chief Secretary that adequate protection was given to traders in Dublin during the strike. Ile himself was in Dublin for some time during that period, and endeavoured to get some goods forwarded to friends who lived about thirty- five miles out of Dublin. He went down to the quay to get the goods out of one of the Tedcastle steamers, and interviewed no fewer than three different firms of carters in an endeavour to persuade them to do their legitimate transporting to the railway station. There was not one of them who would do this,with the result that the only remedy was to order a motor- lurry to take the goods the thirty-five miles, thus depriving a charitable object of the money this motor carriage cost. In view of that experience, what nonsense it was for hon. members who knew nothing of the circumstances to say there was no trouble, and that anyone who wanted could carry on their ordinary business.

Mr. Birrell : Did these people apply for police protection ? Mr. Smith said they did not apply because they had applied, and had not received sufficient protection for their carters, horses, and property. The right hon. gentleman wisely refrained from telling the house during what part of the period of the strike be was in Dublin. He (Mr. Smith) was there for two weeks, and every morning the Irish papers were blazing the fact that the Chief Secretary was not there. There was no doubt that during the strike citizens of Dublin were deprived of their elementary rights, and for the Chief Secretary to be absent was a disgraceful thing, very discreditable to the right hon. gentleman. Mr. Devlin (W. Belfast, Nat.) said it was obvious that some hon. gentlemen went to Dublin during the strike to make trouble. What was the bon member for Warrington doing there at that time ? Mr. Smith : I was on a holiday. Mr. Devlin said that the hon. member went over to Dublin with fifty-five boxes of Unionist pamplets. (Laughter.) He did not tell them that he had a placard on his breast saying that " Ulster will fight and Liverpool will be there to lead." (Great laughter.) The Chairman said that the hon. member was again opening up a controversy which was not desirable to pursue. Mr. Devlin said he would not proceed with it beyond remarking that he supposed the hon. member ' would later on proceed to a sphere of warlike activity in Ireland. (Laughter.) When that time came they would all be supposed to be there to see. He would say there was no disorder in Dublin. As an Irishman, he (Mr. Devlin) much resented attacks upon Ireland by a number of ignorant English gentlemen of high education and great prestige. (Nationalist laughter). After some further discussion, Captain Craig moved to report progress as a pro- test against the absence of any representative of the Treasury. The motion was defeated by 237 to 127. The vote was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCILLOR ROBERTS AND TORY ATTACKS.

WARRINGTON AND IMPORTED WIRE.

SPIRITED REPLY TO MR. HAROLD SMITH, M.P. Speaking at a Liberal meeting in Whitecross Ward on Wednesday evening, Councillor Henry Roberts said that was the first opportunity he had had since he made a little speech a fortnight ago with regard to the question of Free Trade, to reply to an atte-npt made by some responsible or irresponsible pertons connected with the Conservative Club to hold him up to ridicule and, he supposed, to contempt. He was accused of having made a silly assertion. (Laughter) He was not going to say he never did make a silly assertion—(laughter)—but what he did say was, that in regard to the important question of Free Trade or any other important question Affecting the interests and well-being of the community at large, be did not plead guilty to ever having made a silly assertion. (Applause). What was the assertion referred to? Speaking at Stockton heath a fortnight ago, be referred to that exhibition, called a

DUMPING SIIOIV, which was held in Warrington a few weeks ago—an exhibition which had done more to create in the minds of thoughtfill workingmen a determination to have nothing to do with tariff reform than all the efforts that the Free Traders of Warrington had put forth for a considerable period. (Applause.) He was referring tl the fAct that amongst other things shown at the dumping show was a specimen of German wire and he made a statement that the quantity of German wire that came into Warrington could be put into any one of his audience's eyes. "I did not think it necessary," continued Councillor Roberts, "to explain to a meeting a intelligent Liberals, largely composed of workingmen, that I was using what is called a. figure of speech. I did not intend anybody to under- stand literally that they could take a piece of wire, as representing the total product of German wire that came into Warrington, and put it in their eyes. (Laughter.) I beg to repeat that I was speaking to a meeting of intelligent Liberals. John Bright once said that the

===== 0002601_19120302_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
TORY PARTY WAS TITE STUPID PARTY

but I certainly did not expect to find such a remark- able illustration of the truth of that definition as applied to the present Tory party, as that any Tory would be such an ass as to have taken literally what I said. (Laughter.) What I meant and what I stand by is this : that the quantity of German wire coining into Warrington is a comparatively small and negligible quantity—in other words, that it is not worth taking the slightest notice of. Then they go on to make an assertion which I won't describe as silly, because it carries its own contradiction. If it is intended as a reply to my statement, it is what Mr. Churchill would call a terminological inexactitude, and what another prominent man years ago called a big, thumping lie. (Laughter.) I will tell you the statement and leave you to form your own opinion as to its exactitude or otherwise. They go on to say that .£1,032,067 worth of foreign made wire, wire nails,rolls (I think it should have been rods) and screws were damped here in 1910. ' Dumped here.' I was talking about German wire coming into War- rington. If they say £1,632,667 worth of foreign-made wire nails, rods and screws were dumped in Warring- ton in 1910, my vocabulary is absolutely unequal to describe the EXTRAVAGANCE OF THE 14ALSEITOOD

which was conveyed in those words.Wiiether they meant to say that or not, they meant the people of Warrington who do not understand the facts and figures, to understand that that was the quantity of material dumped in Wariington, because it was Warrington we were speaking about This is the kind of thing that is offered to intelligent politicians in this town on behalf of the programme of tariff reform. What is the fact? The whole import of foreign wire, German and other- wise, that came into the country—not into Warrington —in 1911, the whole of it, lock, stock and barrel was only £440,000 worth. These are the Board of Trade returns and yet they have the audacity to put a placard out desclibing my statement—which I forgive them, for of course, their ignorance is an explanation of it—as a silly assertion. Continuing, Councillor ROBERTS pointed out that in BSS there was a very strong feeling in this town about the

IMPORTATION OF GERMAN WIRE. At that time a great deal of German wire—fifties and hundreds of tons at a time—was coming into Warring.. ton and was being dealt with here. It was largely bought for the purpose of the manufacture of wire netting. It was a very sore question. However,mastere and men get together and considered the situation. There was no question of "That is our limit " on the part of either masters or men, both haying realized that something had to done if the British trade in the manufacture of wire was to be retained and improved. The men were wisely led, the masters were moderate in their propositions, and the result was that a new scale of wages was arranged and the question as to what kind of machinery should be introduced was agreed to. What bad been the result? One of the finest works in this country—a monument to the ability.and com- mercial enterprise cf those at the head of it, a monu- ment equally to the loyalty, thrift and workmanship of the men employed in it, and A MONUMENT TO THE PRINCIPLES OF FREE TRADE. They all knew the concern he hau in mina, ace it add grown by leaps and bounds and to-day it was not necessary—because they could produce the same wire that they required for all their purposes far cheaper than they could buy it in Germany—to introduce any German wire. Not only bad they again captured the British tasrket, but they had positively knocked the German out in Australia, for the wire he used to send here in such large quantities. (Applause.) Councillor Roberts then alluded to the recent speech of their respected Member, which, he said, had been SO MUCH FLAUNTED AND ADVERTISED BY CAREFUL

EXTRACTS from Conservative newspapers as being such a striking and trenchant speech on the question of tariff reform. He would call their attention to three points and then leave them to form their opinion as to the value of the statements of the Member unon commercial questions in regard to which he (Councillor Roberts) ventured to suggest he was profoundly ignorant. Referring to the boom in trade, Mr. Smith said we did share in it but not to the extent of our rivals. If the details were examined, he said, it would be found that our increased trade had been largely with our Colonies, with those who had given us a preference. What increased trade did we receive? continued Councillor Roberts. During the five years 1906—i0 our exports to Germany had increased by 42 per cent., to France by 38.6 per cent., to the United States by 294 per cent., and to six other principal Protected countries by 15.2 per cent. The total average increase in our exports to Protected countries was 29/. to neutral markets (that was where we came in as Free Traders) 45/ per cent. to British East Indies 27/ per cent, and to tbe Colonies who had given us a preference in regard to tariffs 14.2 per cent.

SO MUCH FOR MR. SMITH'S ACCURACY

on that particular question. The next statement be (Councillor Roberts) extracted from the speech was with regard to the exportation of cotton goods. Mr. Smith said we imported from Germany 2 times as much as we exported to that country. The facts were that for the last year of which he bad a record-109—we exported £5,800.(100 worth Ito Germany, and imported from Germany £5,C70,000 worth. So that instead of importing 21 times as much as we exported, %a actually imported £130,000 less. That was

. , ~ , I ',• 1 ' ,/, = 0 1 , , 4 • 4 I iil 1 . .... ii 1 ,1

===== 0002601_19120302_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
TARRADIDDLE NO. 2.

(Laughter). Mr Slut Tit referred to the woollen trade which, he said. was prosperous but there was no trade which stood to lose so much by maintaining our present fiscal policy. However, Mr Taylor, the member tor Radcliffe division, the bead of one of the biggest woollen indus- tries in Yorkshire, pointed out that during the five year period between 1897 and 1901 we imported into this country five million yards of cloth each year on the average, and exported an average of 48 million yards a year. In the five-year period from 1907 to 1911 we imported less than 2: million yards a year, and exported nearly 861 million yards a year. In other words we exported 31 times as much as we imported in the last of the periods, whereas in the first period we exported only GI times as much. (Applause.) That was an industry which was threatened—one of the industries which Mr. Chamberlain said a few years ago was " going." It was " going," and going splendidly too, and he hoped all our industries would continne in like proportion. (Applause).

Cockhedge Mission Band of Hope The members of the above Band of Hope who number about 370, had an unusual treat at their weekly meeting on Tuesday last. They were enter- tained by a number of children from the Wycliffe Rechabite Tent, conducted by Mrs. Hewitt. A very pretty picture was presented by them in a national tableau in which they each recited poems of the character represented and also gave national dances accompanied by Miss E, Joynson. Afterwards recita- tions and songs of temperance character were given. A short address by the president Mr. Garner. brought to an end a very happy gathering. Three cheers and hearty applause were given to Mrs. Hewitt and the children for their kindness in giving mai a treat.

• r •tt

===== 0002601_19120302_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, March, 2, 1912.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
CARS,

TALBOT GARS (B ) DELAGE R 1 NEW-PICK CARS ( ) ‘I3H, The New-Pick two seater with 16/18 H.P. Four Cylinder Engine, price 170 guineas, Is the car for the man of moderate means. PREMIER MOTOR CYCLES, DOUGLAS MOTOR CYCLES, - New Models now In stock. Trials and all Information free.

AGENT:

JOSEPH S. GARLAND, 51, 53 & 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. Phone 79.

night Mrs Gibson had cause to eject two men. Gee man left quietly but:the other man resisted. The prisoner rushed out of a house and struck prosecutrix on the head with a poker. Sha was going to repeat the blow, hut she as prevented by an inmate of the house, James Bird.—Fisher was committed to prison for six months. MORE NEOLEcT.—Lucy Hickman, 10, Portland-street, was charged with neglecting her four children.—Mr. Browne stated that the prisoner had been under the supervision of Mr. Firth andf Mr. Wainwright for some considerable time. The children had been badly neglected and were in a filthy state as was also the house. Her husband had done his best for her but without success. Prisoner was sent to prison for One month. •

JEALOUS HUSBAND. THREATENED TO KILL HIS WIFE.

At the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday, Andrew Barrow, 14, Allen-street, was summoned by his wife for persistent cruelty. It will be remembered that when the case was before the magistrates a fortnight ago the defendant created a sensation by throwing himself over the witness box. Mr Steel, who appeared for the wife, said last week's incident was an exhibition of temper which is itself would be sufficient to justify the magistrates in making a separation order against the defendant The parties had been married seven years and they had r o children. The cause of all the trouble was the ,lolent temper of the defendant.—On February 4th Mr. and Mrs. Barrow went out for a walk and the wife had said she could never be the same with him again after his cruelty. Inside his brother's house be seized two razors and said he would cut his throat, and kill her. Barrow's brother took the razors from him. On February tith they took a house in Atherton-street, and the next day the defendant violently ill-used his wife in bed. He threatened to follow her about with a revolver if she left him, and said that he would cut her fingers oft so that she could not earn her own living. Mrs. Barrow could earn lls, per week. The defendant's wages averaged from 255. to 30s. per week. The wife askecl•for an order for Bs. per week. Cross-examined by defendant Mrs. Barrow admitted that when her husband earned 30s. she received 295. He had only struck her on one occasion. She denied that her mother " had a lot to do with this." Defendant : You say I got two razors to kill you with ?—Yes. Would not one be quite sufficient ?—Yes, but you had two. Haven't I always thought a lot about you ?—I don't know. _ . .

FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman J Smethurst, Messrs s Wright, W Furness and A J

Jolley. COULD NOT EXPLAIN frIS CONDUCT.—Thomas King, of no fixed address, was charged with loitering with intent to commit a felony.—l' C Cameron stated that at 7 p.m. the previous day he saw the prisoner acting in a very suspicious manner at the rear of Gorsey-lane. He questioned him as to his behaviour and prisoner made 00 satisfactoriy reply. The case was remanded until Tuesday.

Defendant denied that he had been guilty of cruelty. He alleged that his wife had formed the friendship of several girls at Manchester, and the reason of the trouble was that she wished to go flirting about with them. Mr. Firth. Police Court Missionary, in his evidence said the real cause of the trouble was jealousy. The defendant was very much devoted to his wife. The Chairman : Is there no chance of these young people coming together again ? Mr. Steel : lam afraid not.

The Chairman said if it had not been for the defen- dant's extraordinary cooduct a fortnight ago the Bench would have been very reluctant to grant a separation, but in view of that exhibition of temper it showed that Barrow had pradtically no control over himself, and might do his wife serious injury. A separation would therefore be granted, but they would only allow the wife Is per week.

Borough Police Court. TCESDAY.—Before Councillor Henry Roberts (in the chair), Colonel Edelsten, Councillor C Jackson Holmes and Mr T Locker. WANTED TO BE LOCKED BP.—John Shanghnes.ey, of no fixed address, was charged with beceng in Butter- market-street the previous day. It was stated that the prisoner went into four shops. and in one of these was heard begging. When arrested prisoner replied "It's all right. I knew you were following me. I wanted to get locked up before the night was ont."—The prisoner had been fined 5s at the same Court on Monday for drunkenners, and the money had been taken out of a purse in his possession at the time. He then said be would get locked up again, and they would have to keep him for the ss.—lde was sent to prison for seven days. ON ENCLOSED PitEMISES.—John Woosey, an ex-railway porter, and Edward Higham, 542, Edge-lane, Liverpool, were charged with having been found on the enclosed premises of the London and North-Western Railway Company, with intent to commit a felony. The Chief Constable stated that about midnight on Monday the prisoners and a third man was seen in the booking ball at Arpley Station. When asked wh4t they were doing one replied that they would only be there a mument. Subsequently when the premises were examined the three men slipped through a door, and ran down the line towards Wilderspool. The prisoners were caught, but the third man escaped. Woosey was known to the police, but Higham was a stranger.—The prisoners denied that they ware en the premises for an unlawful purpose.—They were remanded for a week. On Wednesday morning the third man, William Spicer, 14, Tapley Place, Edge Lane, Liverpool, was remanded until Tuesday on the same charge. IVEDNESDAY.—Before Alderman Smethurst (in the chair), Councillor C. Jackson Holmes, and Mr. W. T. " NOT Ag NICE AS VIET EXPECTED."—WaIter Riley :20, Ellesmere-street was charged at the instance of his wife with persistent cruelty.—Margaret Riley stated that a week on Sunday night he had turned her out of the house and had threatened to burn her clothes. Ha had ill-used her on many occasions and she was afraid to live with him. They had been married only twelve months and she had previously had an order. The 'Chairman said that the greatest cause of those cases coming to the Court was that the girls got married and found it was not as nice as they expected and then they Ilew to their mothers. If they would keep away from I their mothers, they would be better. An order for 12s M., per week was made. A BAD RECORD—Phoebe Clarke and James O'Brien of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to three charges of larceny. It was alleged they had stolen various articles, value 9s, from Thomas Doraville, Hnutsford-road, and from Mr Tyrer, Buttermarket-street. There were 58 previous convictions against the female prisoner and she was sent to prison for six months. O'Brien was sentenced to one month. He made his third appearance. THURSDAY.—Before Mr. John Fairclough (in the chair) Messrs. W. Roberts. .1. Upson, A. .1. Jolley, W. T. Williams and Dr. Naden.

COWARD GETS THREE MONTHS.—JamPs Leonardy, Litherlands Yard, was charged on remand with having assulted Bridget Mannion, an old woman of 5, Titherlands Yard. Mr. Browne, who prosecuted, said that the case had been remanded from the previous day when prisoner said he could get four or five witnesses who however bad refused to give evidence. The facts of the case were that the prosecutrix was in her house on Saturday night when the prisoner burst open the door. He knocked her over a box up against the oven door, and afterwards kicked her in the ribs. In conse- quence of her injnries she had to be attended at the infirmary. Prisoner : Was I drunk ? Yes you were. Evidence was given by other witnesses for both sides, and prisoner who denied tbe charges was sent to prison for three months with hard labour, CRCEI, NEGLECT.—Frank Morland, 20, Amelia-street was charged at the instance of the N.S.P.C.C. with neglecting his family. Mr. Browne, who appeared for the society, said the case was adjourned for three , months on Friday last but the prisoner had sold a bedl for its, and was apparently going to leave the town, hence his appearance that morning. Had he not been seen decamping by Mr. Wainwright he would doubtless have been clear of the town. The prisoner was lazy and would not work. As a consequence the family had to suffer. Mrs. Morland said the prisoner had deserted her 12 times in three years, and had left no money. He bad threatened to burn all the furniture. He had taken and sold a bed in which a child was lying ill. Morland was sent to prison for six months with hard labour. Sritucg Willi A POKER.—Mary Fisher, pack Dolman's-lane. was charged with having committed an assault on Elizabeth Gibson by striking her with a poker.—Mr Browne said he was instructed to prosecute by Mr Rogerson. a lodging-house keeper who was the owner of the house in Bank-street, of which Mrs Gibson had charge. It appeared that on Tuesday

• w'^ , a "t- In the _ 01111113 A

===== 0002601_19120302_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
VENO'S

Light n I mar COUGH CURE

AtitanT Sartrn. Esq.; M.S.B.Sc.: the celebrated London analyst. SayBl—VESlO'll LiOnTNING Conon Cutts 18 composed of pure Ingredients. and is a most excellent remedy for bronchitis, asthma, and all lung affections."

The pureat and surest remedy obtainable for COUGHS and COLDS I INFLUENZA COLDS 041ILDREll'S COUGHS I BAD BREATHING

.iiiiiii6Hitii- tHßONlC ASTHMA Price 9d.,1/11 and

I BLOOD SPITTING 1 1 WEAK LUNGS' 2/9, of all Chemi

===== 0002601_19120302_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
!,

===== 0002601_19120302_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ARCHITECTURAL COMPETITION. ANOTHER QUESTION OF LOCIIL PREFERENCE.

DISCUSSION BY THE BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

_

The question of the restriction of competition for architectural designs gave rise to an interesting dis- cussion at the meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians on Wednesday. The Building Committee had considered the question of providing accommoda- tion for the male and female imbecile and epileptic patients and recommended that a building or buildings be erected on the northerly side of the Workhouse premises, adjoining the Cheshire Lines Railway, to provide accommodation for 100 male and 100 female imbecile and epileptic patients and that the committee be authorized to arrange for competitive plans being obtained from various architects and to select from the competing persons or firms one to whom the architec- tural work may be entrusted. . .

Mr. W. C. BROOKS moved and Mr. JOLLEY seconded the adoption of the minutes. Mr. FURNESS moved an amendment to the effect that plans should be invited from local architects only. Mr. liNowtEs : You make a mistake in a lot of these things. You don't get your work done as well if you limit it. Mr. FURNESS said that if they threw the competition open to the world they might have 200 or 300 designs sent in. He did not think such an enormous number was required for such a simple structure as they pro- posed to erect. They had sufficient talent in Warrington or in the Union area to supply a design and estimate suitable for the work in hand.

The Rev. A. M. MITCHELL said a question very much on all fours with that had been the subject of debate by the Education Committee with which Mr. Jolley had so much to do. He (the speaker) thought all those competitions ought to be thrown open to the public generally. He did not see why they should restrict themselves to local talent. It might be very brilliant but there might be quite as good, or even better,outside. Mr. GILL seconded Mr Furness's amendment. Mr. lisowLEs : I don't know what the building is going to cost. Will the Chairman tell us the probable expenditure ? Mr. JOLLEY : If he is a wise man he won't. (Laughter). Mr. KNOWLES said that some time ago the Assess- ment Committee wanted a valuer. They did not confine themselves to Warrington. He knew of a good many things of a similar nature in other towns and he saw what he should term pett3-fogging ideas—ideas that nothing should be got outside their own little district because a few people who would be selected for the position paid rates. If they restricted it to their own town they confined it probably to three or four people and they did not get the experience that otherwise would be obtained. If they thought national competi- tion was too wide, let them confine it to Lancashire. Mr. IlouGHTox said Mr. Furness's amendment would narrow the thing down. There were specialists in different branches of architecture end no doubt Borne had more knowledge of Local Government Board requirements than others. Mr. KNOWLES : Some Manchester men must have a wonderful knowledge of subjects of this kind. Mr. FURNESS said he thought it was common know- ledge to the Board that for the last generation they had never gone beyond one firm of architects and it was the suggestion of the Finance Committee that they should begin to broaden competition. It was thought that by giving local architects the opportunity of tendering they would be taking the initial stage and making a respectable start. With regard to Mr. Knowles' suggestion that competition should be limited to Lancashire, the principle was neither here nor there. If competition was to be extended at all on broad lines why not take in the whole of England? One was quite as logical as the other. He believed they would have from Warrington firms alcne eight or ten designs. The Local Government Board would not allow them to go in for architectural effscts that would cost a great deal of money, and local men would be quite capable of giving them all they required. On a vote being taken, the amendment in favour of local competition was carried by 10 votes to 4. Mr ABROOKS said that if the Board were not going to throw competition entirely open, why need they depart from the course they had adopted so long and with such good results ? He did not think there was any public body which had been as well-advised as that Board had been—at all events during the time he bad taken any interest in its affairs. The Board would be very much to blame as businessmen, if they adopted the policy recommended by the Building Committee and would, in the long run, be the sufferers. He moved that the old order of things be adhered to and that competition be not advised. Mr. HOUGHTON seconded.

Mr FURNESS said that in making the depar- ture the committee were not reflecting on the firm who had previously done the work. They all had the highest respect for them. Mr. Kt:owl:Es : Then what on earth do you want to change for ? Mr. FURNESS said the flrm had their confidence in every respect, but other men were inquiring why they could not have " look in" and be allowed the chance of getting some of the work which the Guardians had to give out. If the Board already had the best man, he would no doubt be successful in the competition. Mr. KNOWLES Your best man, I should think, will treat the matter as I should treat it and not compete. Mr. FURNESS : If he is in that position that he will only take work when he cannot have a monopoly, it is a condition of things which no public body should tolerate for a moment.

Mr. KNowLEs said he thought in the first place that there had probably been some hitch or dissatisfaction but they were told that their present architect gave every satisfaction. It was just as logical to ask : Why keep one man as clerk to the Board? Why not have a change? (Laughter.) He gave satisfaction but did it seem fair that he should be drawing the salary year after year when plenty of other people could do the work. (Laughter.) The same remark applied to the architect and it would apply to anyone in business. The amendment was defeated by eight votes to seven. The result is that there will be local competion for the work.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RIFLE SHOOTING.

APPLETON RIFLE CLUB v. L. & N.W. RAILWAY

....... ____. ___.., . INSTITUTE. These clubs met on Friday evening last, on the miniature range at the Drill Hall, to fulfil the return match with the former club. The conditions were:— Ten shots and two sighting shots at a decimal target, at twenty-five yards; possible score per man, 100; ten aside, the best eight scores to count. It will be seen from the results given below, that the Appleton club proved victors by 64 points. Scores : APPLETON. L. & s.-w. F C Bennion 96 S B Crompton 95 J W Plinston OB J E Elliott 9l E Pollard A Shepherd (capt) C P Day 94 W Bennett B6 JI. Shepherd A Down 9t E 3 Roberta B4 W Ashbrook 9l T Appleby BO 756 694 E Howard S James

===== 0002601_19120302_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_19120302_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
C

They must not, however, scent adanger in every move- meet for the physical and moral improvement of ttv youth of the country. It could not he too Of repeated thAt ours wis an age in which virtues needed very special development.

opi •;:.; t.:l --.:-.•- `woof I\ . 4po. •tt, n, I lOf l '1). V / \..: "•;!' : 1 • / • 1. ,

===== 0002601_19120302_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
. the _ Often the:public

Golborne-street Baptist Church

Anniversary services were held at this church on Sunday and were largely attended. In the morning the Rev. H. Ogden was the preacher, and took for his text "Be thou faithful unto death and I will give thee a crown of life." The choir rendered the anthem, "Worship the Lord." In the afternoon there was a musical service, the Rev. H. Ogden, presiding. The following items were given ;—Miss May Isherwood, " 0. Divine Redeemer " and "Come unto him " ; Mr. W. Tynan, " My hope is in the everlasting" ; Mr. E. Walker," The Lord is my light ; duet, Mr. W. Tynan and Mr. E Walker, " Watchman ! what of the night." The Rev. W. Cooper gave the address upon " Music." Ile said that, if we were to make anything out of life at all it must be by persevering application. Music was not only helpful to worship hut in other places outside the church. We could not sing acceptably until the Lord had tuned our hearts to the melody of the skies. At the evenicg service the choir rendered two anthems. The Rev. 11. Ogden took his text from Psalm cxxii., 2,3, 4. Ile pointed out how the Jew of old went to Jerusalem, even though it meant 1,000 miles journey and the peril of death on the way. In these days it took all the power in the world to get a man across the street. If the Church had lost its grip upon man,might it not be that God had lost His grip on the Church ? At the Holy City assembled people from a hundred villages around, in one note, one song, one psalm, one purpose. Jerusalem was a compact city and what the Church of this day ought to be. Pilgrims came from East and West. From village life scattered and small they came to the one centre of unity. In business the Jew had to deal with the Baalite. To the idolater he could talk shop but not religion. He could sell or buy but not breathe his highest aspirations.Whenin Jerusalem he met souls of a similar mould. That was true to-day. Commerce was commerce, religion was religion. The mystic in business would be told that "Never the twain shall meet." That day was the anniversary of the church—a church that stood for the Sermon on the Mount in the oflice and in the w.ak. What a relief for a man with spirital aspirations to turn from stocks and shares, from problems of bread and butter, and to be recalled to the knowledge that God must be and some day would be in all the affairs of men. The church believed in brotherhood. She believed in the sanctity of human life. She believed in opportunity for the people. That was the fulfilment of the Apostles' Creed. Had a brother just gone over the brink between employment and unemployment ? The church should know and with sympathy and help remind the brother that there were hands around him. When that was the universal practice in church life men would not scorn but love her. They will say " I was glad when they said unto me' let us go into the House of the Lord.' "

===== 0002601_19120302_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
EL/C/01/

'S

St. Paul's Church.

Special services are being held at the church during Lent. On Sunday the Rev. E. E. Peters preached in the morning, and the Vicar in the evening, the Rev. W. Bracecamp taking for his subject "Conviction." There were large congregations.

e-SOl

WAR R [NOT -: driAlc_ l_f nor en a• 6 • • i. 3 1hai11...? 0 R ,_ _

===== 0002601_19120302_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
New Vestry for the Parish Church.

A special meeting (says the " Parish Church Magazine ") has been held at which the chief business was the consideration of the steps to be taken for the erection of the new vestry. Four builders were nominated—Messrs Collin, Davenport, Fairclough and Warburton—and a sub-committee of five was appointed consisting of the Rector, the two wardens, Messrs. Craik and Isherwood, and the wardens' two sidesmen, Messrs. Locker and Taylor. to act on behalf of the Council. This sub-committee met the architect, Mr. Sept Owen, and his brother at the church, when it was arranged that Messrs. Owen should at once prepare specifications and invite tenders which will be laid before the Council. It is hoped that the work will be commenced after Easter.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. society. Address on International Peace.

Mr. Cecil H. S. Wilson, headmaster of Eymm Grammar School, delivered an address on " Interni.- Canal Peace" at a meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. on Sunday. He said the Brotherhood movement was fast becoming an important factor in internation.l peace. During the 19 centuries of the Christian era progress had been slow, but something definite had been achieved in the abolition of warfare as a result of private feud, the practical cessation of duelling, and in later days the immensely increased use of iiAernational arbitra- tion. Still the menace of immenEe and ever increasing armaments darkened the horizon. England and Germany, to adapt Ruskin's words, purchased millions of pounds worth of panic of each other annually. The well-worn adage " If you wish for peace, prepare for war " expressed the reasonable belief and practice of 1 nnchristianised Rome, surrounded on all sides by hostile peoples, but was it worthy of Christian nations to-day ? Arbitration was cheaper, more effective, more lasting, and infinitely fairer than warfare ever could be. Among grounds for hope might he cited the spread of travel and education, and the welding together of the labour unions of the nations, but any onion of the nations which was confined to one section of the community was almost inevitably bound to end in failure, or worse than failure. They needed their journalists also to realize far more the divine nature and responsibility of their calling. Mr. Wilson then dealt with some of the difficulties which the advocates of peace have to solve and face, especially the contention that the cessation of warfare would damage the moral fibre of the nation to which it might well be replied that in the domains of poverty, crime, disease and the forces of nature there would not be lacking for the present fields enough in which man might and did display heroic qualities.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Photo, Burrell. THE SOUTH LANCASHIRE MEMORIAL IN THE PARISH CHURCH,

The handsome memorial tablet which has been placed in the chancel of the Parish Church to commemorate the memorable ceremony of October 6th, 1911, when the old colours of the 2nd Battalion of the South Lancashire Regiment were handed over to the care of the Rector and wardens, is the generous gift of Colonel Prendergast, who commands the battalion well-known to all soldiers as the old 82nd Regiment. The Colonel, In a letter to the Rector, after thanking him and the wardens for the impressive service with which the old colours were deposited in their last resting-place in the church, says :—" The conditions of modern war will no longer allow us to carry our colours in the forefront of the battle. But the colours of a regiment are sacred emblems of unswerving loyalty to our Sovereign and

duty to our country, and when one has been associated with each emblems for the many years that I have now served in this regiment, it is with feelings of deep regret that we part with them. I felt this very much during the service. I thank you very much for all you have done for us and your kindly interest in the ceremony; and also for your sympathetic reference to the services of the regiment, and we can only hope that when we are again called upon to servo our king and country we shall remember the unselfish spirit with which those who have gone before us did their duty and follow their splendid example." Tae handsome tablet, of which we give a picture, has been supplied by Mr. Ralph Johnson.

a . .. /..---77...'"--,:i. —.... 1111101116. aireariminek .:, . iti, ~.., ~, . IiaII.IOIIII.IIIOEMNSIMI , 0,01162 Loulsßußc 14XIIT)K 078 . • !:,'-j.07-,,t,;:-tj,,,,;-; OM' . 11*,...;;;Noi*t:, : -.401' ' • MOO 11°1° ' * • • epot ..!, To THE HONOR AND GLORY OF GOD 11110111: :,•fliNilki . IN COMMEMORATION OF THE 6710(10B/0911 ON WHICH DATE THE OLD . iatsl COLOURS OF THE 2N!' BATTALION.THE PRINCE OF WALESS VOLUNTEERS. .' 0,8001:111-4:;. • (SOUTH LANCASHIRE REGIMENT),WERE PLACED IN THIS CHURCH. 0501511 THESE COLOURS WERE PRESENTED TO THE szrRIGIMENT'ATSHORNCLIFFE ',GltlilEi.:lB'42 . ‘-"I BY GENERAL THE MARQUIS OF TWEEDOME.ICLC.C.I3.ON THE IMAY,IBIS. THEY WERE REPLACED BY NEW COLOURS PRESENTED TO THE rBATTAIION , jot BY HIS MAJESTY KING GEORGE V.AT Dueum ON THE 117Juty.1911. viAlt - , otio . ,Loo , ,- Aoricik iioRIA.OOI3M. oßrtits lout'. 1034/41,11A cA ' # V; CMS RA . E , . 7 41,00........:. m :.N.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGLING.

WARRINGTON WORKINGMEN'S ASSOCIATION (N.A. CENTRE).

Members please note that rule five will be carried out this season the same as last. At the general meeting held February 12th, rule 32 was deleted. As regards opening season and the rules as to when we open, we have our own rules for our own waters, but in other waters, we must be ruled by the Northern Anglers. The opinion of members was divided as to when open- ing season should commence with the Shropshire Union Canals. It you look up the waters in your travelling card you will find the date altered from May 24th to June 15th, making the Shropshire Union Waters like all others, and once and for all settling the matter.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE GOWY.

Despite unfavourable weather on Sunday morning last the Gowy had her record attendance this year. Rain fell on and off until noon was turned,then onwards until train time it was ideal and some good catches were anticipated. The anglers were, however, doomed to disappoiLtment. Here and there one, two, and up to four were taken, none of them coming up to last season's weight ; the best was J Bryers, roach lsoz. lldrs. This is the first fish on the board for the year.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
SHROPSIIIRII UNION CANAL.

Several members walked across from the Gowy near the Shaker Bridge to give the canal a trial, it being more of an experiment than anything else as one or two of them had never fished here before. The report says that several fish were caught—ruffle, gudgeon and roach —none being up to the standard for weighing and they returned to the Gowy after having about two hours fishing.

NORTON.

Norton length was tri-ed-O-n-unday last. Here again the anglers had very poor sport. One or two small roach were taken and returned to the water again. This water has never found much favour for angling until after opening season comes round, but surely roach can be taken here as well as in other canals, and being an easy water for novices it is worth a second visit. ACTON BRIDGE.

Several members are inquiring if they cannot have a match for eels in this water during close season, at the same time it would give the canal a fair trial. Members could then pass their opinion as to whether the roach had made an Improvement. There is already a 105. special for eels from here and as far as the committee are concerned they would be in favour of such a contest taking place, providing the members will bring the matter forward next club night,and state what entrance fee they would like to pay. A.S.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
CHURCH LADS' BRIGADE.

N.C.O.'s Cross Country Run.

A number of sergeants and corporals of the War- rington Battalion of the Church Lads' Brigade engaged in a cross country run on Saturday afternoon. A very difficult course in the Latchford district was selected. Sergeant-Major Ward (South Lancashire Regiment) started and timed the runners. After the race all were entertained to tea. In addition to Colonel Appleton and Sergeant-Major Ward, the following officers were present : —Major J A Brookes, Captains L S flenshall, Ford and I Sankey (adjutant); Lieutenants L Henshall, Johnson and Young, and the C L.B. Sergeant-Major J H Bottoraley. A concert followed, which was interspersed with speechmaking and the presentation of the prizes by the Colonel to Corporal Spencer (Stockton Heath Company), 1; Sergeant Btadshaw (Latchford Christ Church Com- pany), 2; Sergeant Goodwin (St. Paul's Company), 3; and Sergeant Williams .(Stockton Heath), " wooden spoonist." Sergeant-Major Ward said he considered it a great honour to associate himself with the brigade. He was always open to render help. (Hear, ,hear.) They were a fine lot of lads. Speaking about the after- noon's race, he said the time of the winner was very creditable, as he covered the course of about three miles in five seconds under IS minutes.

Colonel Appleton said be wished the N.C.O.'s to realize their position. In the Army, the N.C.O.'s were often termed "the backbone of the service," so those present were the backbone of the C.L.P. The sergeant-major was quite right in saying they were a fine lot of lads.

A capital programme was submitted by Lieutenant Johns-m (humorous selection), Sergeant-Major Bottomley (humorous selection), Sergeants Goodwin, Haslam and Bennett ',songs), and Corporal Gibson (two humorous songs). Sergeant Sanson presided at the piano.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY,

LATCHFORD.

The First Eleven last week improved upon the previous season's defeat at Bowdon College by a 5-1 victory in a hard game. Howdon got a lead early on, but Travis equalised, and the score was 1-1 at half- time. Playing down the slope in the second half Latchford developed a virile attack, Travis scoring three times and Fletcher once. The visiting halves were good with Knight the most prominent. The College have a good aide, knit well together through ample practice, and the visitors did really well to win so decisively. The Second Eleven bad a very close game with Oxton "A" ending in a 1-1 draw. The defence prevailed on both sides, and in fact the forwards on each team were singularly inept in the. circles. Minards scored for Latchford before the interval and this lead was retained for some time, the home defence having eventually to capitulate to a clever shot with reversed stick by Kavenscroft. The latter player, with Mocatta and Stewart, played finely for Oxton, while for Latch- ford Pickles, Gibbs, and Bradalmw defended well. The First Eleven v West Kirby at home this after- noon is :—II Wright, goal ; P Allanson, T Dixon, backs ; F W Isherwood, J B Wilkinson, A Knight, halves ; 11 A Dale, 3 E Pearson, D Travis, W Fletcher, C Hackney, forwards. Bully oil 3.15 p.m. The Second Eleven at Tiroperley is :—Three full- backs, K Walsh, NV H Pickles, It C Parkinson ; T H Gibbs, A E Bradshaw, 'l' Banks, halves ; H R Colton, H Parker, E Banks, W Ii Minards, II Fletcher, forwards. Train from Central Station 1.35 p.m.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19120302_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
MINIMUM WAGES.

p

•ds Act of two, which for the first time, I believe, in this country gives the State the right to interfere in any trade or employment where it considers the prevailing conditions, judged from a national standpoint, are such as to warrant State interference. In the Act itself only four trades are mentioned, but power is given to the Board of Trade to obtain Parlia- mentary sanction to a Provisional Order ap- plying the Act to any other trade if circum- stances appear to make such a course neces- sary and expedient. That the coal mining business is one where the Act might be applied is a debatable question, but that the Government have the power to apply it is not open to doubt. The four trades named in the schedule of the Act are : Chaintnaking, machine-made lace and net making and lace curtain finishing, cardboard boxmaking, and the ready-made an wholesale bespoke tailoring trade. These four trades have been selected as the ground for the experiment, and the people engaged in them will soon have an opportunity of judging whether, on the whole, the—results are beneficial or the contrary. The central principle of the Trade Board Act is nothing more or less than this :

THE END Or FREEDOM Or CONTRACT as between employer and employe, and the establishment by law of a rate of wages to be paid for certain work, below which an em- plofer may not go without incurring liability to a heavy fine. I venture to think this is a tremendous principle, an epoch-making depar- ture from the notions which have prevailed for centuries; and I have greatly wondered why the public took so little interest in the Act while it was before Parliament and since. But, there it is, on the Statute Book, already in operation in two trades,•chainmaking, and lacemaking and finishing, and about- to be applied to two others, boxmaking and ready- made tailoring. I submit it is of vital interest to the public generally to know something of the mode of operating this new law and the effect it is producing on the trades where it is being applied. •To every employer it is important to watch how it affects wages and discipline, and consequently output; and to every worker who takes an intelligent interest in the wel- fare of his class, it is a duty to learn how far State interference in their employment has benefited them. .

I suppose it was the comparative unimport- ance of the four scheduled trades which caused such apathy amongst ordinary unin- terested citizens, but speaking for the trade I am engaged in, boxmaking, I can testify to the anxiety produced by the idea of * COMPULSORY RATES OF WAGES, and by the knowledge that, at least so far as the hire of labour 'is concerned, unrestricted control of our business has disappeared for ever. I fancy every other trade will have to , pass through the same tremors of anxiety in their turn, for it is not conceivable that such an important law, embodying such a mighty principle, will stop short with the few trades I have enumerated. If, therefore, I briefly describe how the Trades Boards Act affected boxmaking, it will perhaps serve as a model, and a forecast, of what will eventually happen in all the trades of the country. Well, to begin with, the Trade Boards Act (if I might omit the legal title I would call it the Minimum Wage Act) gave power to' the Board of Trade to establish The Paper Box Trade Board, otherwise a committee of arbitra- tion and control, and to commit to such body the duty of taking evidence and hearing coin- plaints 'from any person engaged, in the trade of paper boxmaking, and to make awards on the matters brought before them. In pur- suance of these powers the Board of Trade, for the purposes of the Act, divided England and Scotland into nine districts or constitu- ences. They then called on the employers in ' those districts to elect 16 of their number to serve as their representatives on the Trade ' Board. Similarly the workers were called on to elect 16 of their number, to act with the employers' members, and to represent the workers' interests. Four independent Mem- bers were then nominated by the Board of Trade to represent the State as it were. These ! 36 persons, who, by , the way, include both sexes, have been engaged for the past xS months deliberating upon rates of wages, hours of employment, proportion of learners to proficient workers, responsibility of the employer to thoroughly teach the trade to the learner, and all other matters likely to bear on present or future conditions of the thou- sands of people who earn their living by paper boxmaking. In these deliberations they were assisted by nine district Trade Committees, each consisting of about ten members, similarly chosen by the employers and workers in their respective districts. For it was recognised that in a widely distributed trade like boxmaking, there would not be found uniform conditions prevailing all over the country, and it was deemed only fair that every district should have a chance of making its special difficulties and requirements known to' the Board before the fate of the whole trade was settled. I. should mention that none of the elected members of the Board, of the District Committees, were paid, out-of-pocket expenses only were allowed; and having, myself, served on the Manchester Committee I can, out of my own experience, testify to the modesty, if not parsimony, of the allow- ances. I need hardly say that during the deliberations there was much ground covered , and much real hard fighting by both the workers' and the employers' nominees, and much argument was wasted by both sides trying to achieve the impossible, but eventu- ally the Board's award was arrived at with practical unanimity. That award is now published, and is to take effect on Monday, March nth, and I think a glance at its provisions will show the enormous amount •of work done, and the thoroughness with which it was performed. The award has been referred to by one eminent journalist as "The Paper Box Maker's Charter," but it might, with more propriety, be called "The Box Trade Arbitra- tion Treaty," for it not only protects the worker against had conditions and -sweated , wages, but it also

SECURES THE EMPLOYER FROM TRADE DISPUTES AND STRIKES, and relieves him from the responsibility of having to meet demands for increased wages single handed. In future, all 'such difficulties will be referred to the Trade Board, and its award will have the force of law, and, what is perhaps better, it will carry with it the united influence of the representatives of both sides. It will perhaps be of interest to give a few details of the award, so far as it deals with wages. In this connection I ought to say that it was found that no general prevalence of sweating existed in the trade. That unsatis- factory conditions did prevail in one or two districts, principally among home-workers, is undeniable, but the number of workers comprised in this class is inconsiderable, therefore, it is na,..stnall gain to the repute of the trade to have this fact established, and, also, to have it placed beyond doubt that even those few discreditable instances exist no longer. I should also mention that while the minimum rate will bring an increase of wages to many workers in the trade, it in no way- affects the wages of those who are now re- ceiving more than the minitimin. It is a levelling up, but not a levelling down. THE RATE AND PAY. The rate for ordinary workers, whether fac- tory or homeworkers, if paid by time is 3(I.

Effects of the Trade Boards Act. BY FELIX MAGINN. 1 Iniq now, mhile everyone is talking about th, :striker and the ,lll,S74s,?aptl,Aleinerits of' iners' deinaand f ertv.:' Virri wage, it ' ' hes, opportum; dir Afthe public atte y ;othe faii-F1 at.:';',-t principle of initfj 04.,n '. " • v=,,lftnitz2vd in a fiel . ' , -,WW4lte of these " in :Warrington, a short ~4 ,0 ... establishing minimm u w'age, .i,n'ay,"!. . nie additional local inters, The' 'Act I refer to is the Trade Boar, . .. .

===== 0002601_19120302_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
per hour, and if piecework rates are fixed they must be on such a scale as will enable an ordinary worker to make, on the average, at least 3d. per hour. As it is contemplated the hours Of employment will be as now—.s2 hours—this means that z3s. per week is the Minimum rate for box makers. But as rigid rule might bring hardship to elderly, or physi- cally delicate, or naturally slow workers,'es- eeptions will be permitted, but only in a small percentage of cases compared with the total number of workers. Only a certain percentage of learners will be permitted in each box factory, and the length of time spent on learning, also the wages to be paid during that period, are fixed by the awards. A certain • elasticity is per- mitted in the length of the period of learner - ship according to the age at which the learner enters the trade. Thus a girl of 14 years begins at 4s. per week, and progresses by half:yearly advances till she reaches zos. 6d.

weekly at 17% years, and on attaining the age Of IS she ceases to be a learner and becomes entitled to the minimum rate of 13S. But a girl may begin at 15 and serve only three years, or at 17 and serve only two years, or at 20 years and over,. in which case she only serves one year as a learner. The same regulations so far as practicable apply to learners already employed in the trade. I think it will be seen these conditions of labour are a great improvement, at least so far as learners are concerned, on what pre- vailed in the trade formerly, and 4 on much , which exists in other occupations now; and that they differ very widely from the old- fashionea ideas of apprenticeship is obvious. When it is added that the employer assumes the responsibility of thoroughly teaching the trade to the learner, and that she is prac- tically assured of permanent employment when she becomes proficient, it must be admitted that the present Government have, for good or ill, set up a condition of employment which will soon lead the workers in other trades -

to demand that they, too, shall have Trade Boards established for their benefit. For the effect of regulating the number .of learners will .be that everyone who learns the trade will-find employment in it when learned, no blind alley • occupations could exist if such a rule was universally applied. The Paper Box , Trade Board, therefore, may have been en- gaged in making history during the past year and a half. It has certainly done something which social reformers have long been striv- ing for, and it is .to be hoped the experiment will not be disappointing. One of the decisions gave rise to a great deal of heartburning. The award is uniform in its application to the whole of the country, no one district is treated better or worse than another; it is left to high-wage districts to rise voluntarily above the minimum, but no district, not even the most rural or remote, • can go below it. • All the foregoing remarks relate to women workers only, but the question of men's rates is due for discussion at the next meeting.. • Now, may I say a few words from TH E EMPLOYERS STANDPOINT ?

How will these Onerous c-onditini;;;•'affect hint and the capital invested in his business? One thing is clear to my mind, where the neW

rates represent an increase on the old rates they will, unless accompanied by an increased efficiency on the part of the worker, and in- creased vigilance on the part of the manage- ment, simply reduce the manufacturers' pro fit, or raise the cost of production. As it will in most cases be fatal to permit either of these two alterations to happen, he must wake a reorganisation of his business coincide with the inception of the altered rates of wages- If his business is so highly organised already that there is no margin of waste which he can save, he can only get the extra money he pays in wages by speeding up his workers. But I greatly doubt if any employer has reached such perfection of 'arrangements ia his factory that nothing remains to be saved. lii any ordinary business keen. organisation seems to be almost the last thing thought about. Most men know how to sell their pro- ductions at the highest figure, many knoW, how to buy supplies and hire labour at the lowest figures, but the number who reallY make a study of eliminating all waste of effort and of material is very few. If the State in- terference in the matter of wages compels manufacturers to organise their business more perfectly, and to pax in wages what is noW wasted in antiquated processes and in unsci- entific use of material and other ways, it may eventually prove a boon to them and to the nation at large. I feel confident it will spur the employer to make his workers more efficient, and it will compel, him to cultivate efficiency in himself and his clerical staff. It will t;ting the whole concern into greater activity to the great advantage of the trade carried on, and of the vast majority of those, engaged in it. But there is no disguising the fact that not everyone will be so. influenced- . In the trades controlled by the Trade BoardS there are, no doubt, some laggards and. some Jereiniahs, and to these minimum wages and State interference portends the "end of all things." But they are only a small minority, and their collapse is due to arrive sooner or later„; a year or two sooner will make no dif- ference to their particular trade, it will be a misfortune to themselves only. But to the enterprising and humane. employer it will he a matter of pride and encouragement to know it cannot be said any longer that people em- ployed in his line of business are getting less than a decent subsistence in return for the toil of their hands.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ECZEMA SO BAD HE DREADED NIGHT'

-------- "I suffered with eczema for weeks and months. Those who have Dever suffered with it cannot imagipe the feeling, also the dread of the night coining on, sleep or rest of any kind was out of the question, We torture beirtg both agonizing and unbearable. would make its appearance in a rash, spreading it& t into bright patches, often forming into blisters, 8 times with most terrible beat as night came on. " I found it useless to retire to rest, as that was the_ worst part to encounter, it always then being at it; full height. I tried in vain all sorts of so-calle" remedies which gave no relief, until advised by via daughter to try the Cuticura Soap and Ointment, so following the directions carefully, I must admit thl result was most marvellous. They completely cure/ me and thanks to the Cuticura Soap and Ointment, ; am as before the old complaint, without spot blemish. 1 offer them my heartfelt gratitude for se.; a speedy recovery. I cannot speak too highly of the') merits, and I can vouch for myself and others to wh°Bl it has done so much good, for my daughter was al°, cured of eczema by the Cuticura Soap and Ointment' (Signed) Joseph Turner, 40, Lamerton-street, DO' ford, London, Eng., July 13, 1911. Cuticura Sole and Ointment are sold by chemists everywhere. sample of each with 32-p. book post-free from near depot: Newbery, 27, Charterhouse Sq., London Towns & Co., Sydney, N.S.W. Lennon, Ltd., Gar Town; Muller, Maclean & Co., Calcutta and Bombsl,3 "Cuticura," Boston, U.S.A. Tender-faced men show shave with Cuticura Soap Shaving Stick.

Sr. HELENS MUSICAL SOME TY. et The St. Helens Musical Society scored a glbe succcess on Wednesday at their spring concert in "7 Town Hall, when the programme was almost exclusi" confined to the works of Sir Charles Villiers stanflpj who conducted. The orchestral items included 3 'c.evo concerto by Mr. Walter Hatton, and songs were gi.ce by Mr. Plunkot Greene. There was a large attencuTbe including the Mayor (Sir Joseph Beecham). _Dif chorus, who had be en drilled by Dr. Siddall, splendidly.

REVOLVER SHOT IN PARLIAMENT. f There was an unusual sensation in the House '3O Commons on Monday, about 6 o'clock, when s 11/3ii; dressed in semi-clerical costume, who was sitting,..o the House of Commons, on the bench behtnd the stat"., dof Lori Iddesleigh, jumped up, and suddenly tire ea, loaded revolver in the air. He was quickly disarm se Nearly a century has elapsed since the last dischar of firearms in the Houses of Parliament. It 1812 that Spencer Percival, the Prime Minister, 0 assassinated in the lobby of the old House of Comte° by Bellingham, a madman.

'LINSEED COMPOUND (Aniseed, Senega, Squilli .- &c.) For Coughs and Colds, Influenza, U.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
'ANTIQYARIAN CHAPTERS:

- vr ,r V NO*, .W.-- ~,,, v ~ THE ROMANCE. OF THE BRIDGEWATER CANAL. LECTURE TO THE WARRINGTON SOCtETY.

BY A. MOUNFIELD.

IV. The Duke of Bridgewater lived to a riper 4ate. iri, 'old duke"--;e Young duke " lived to be the 'perti,; and the frail figure expanded to !teas:Lae!s as the years rolled by. He lived Isfi,"o his workpeople long enough fall_ Itro-",reir habits and copy their rough speech. iih'44'e end of his days he haunted the coal rheop?ves at Worsley, happier among the coal IThe era than any mansion could make him. 4tet:lllldry coal buyers who struggled to Ae !3,aek hoisted to their shoulders found at W "" a willing lifter, but the noble ones ,14akiestininster who asked for a lift at law- Trig aPPealed in vain. In liE DVRE IN HIS MATURE YEARS. I.,_llllid uractie+itY he was a standing joke. It is ir,‘alk e,-;;2",ere was no way of getting him to 'ince tii-13' by raising the subject of canals. • or! „ ,i.,. aatte ,sUbject was opened the symptoms ; etnif Ri - on the brain" became most oep-r"and both the duke and his hearers `llBnao ll fitable time, though the duke was „ t'utYqauch more serious than the rest. I"ineog ii,was not the commercially-minded Duke's friend who jested at his e The 't canalj; Was a great commercial success , ane-hatff'4,"tst hour. At once it reduced by 'lle traffic rates between Manchester 1 hgreW ith.erii,ool, and so rapidly and profitably I tquileo—,,e business that before the locks at F 01144' were finished the Duke had paid THE c 0 borrowed thousands from London. 131D4ERCIAL GENIUS OF THE DUKE OF lle b , BRIDGE WATER. alce was a man of one idea, but it earefs Magnificent idea; and we must be ofini lest, when extracting our fragments liiel 011:0_,Ur from his eccentricity, we fail to do )40 euit, fotimr:4;than any other man he laid the Aaiieh•."e4n of the joint prosperity of af er and Liverpool, and with them, South Lancashire. Watts was taYe umbg his steam engine. The Duke aleinent'anehester cheap coal at the critical "11 steaaad Manchester got a start , • ver j,,, -- ,I the and machinery which she has Dallester ' 44, unt'l canal was opened „ake'R m_--r.he - export goods were carried by er ,rBO to Bewdle and floated down the °lttok- t° Y Bristol. Bristol as the port of L %tester is i 4, the , incredible to us ; but there -44verp - 4 C • The Bridgewater Canal made Of L col ukaneashithe port of. Manchester and hence b o re. Finally and unassailably the the grnibet be acclaimed the patron saint of 1 Ari eat City on the Mersy. 1 dttle:Stirnate of the influence of the modest ?:fliot anal can be easily made if we imagine iveti Niveuld have happened had the Duke qleap a the West and joined up Bristol by a taYon:anal to the coal fields of Wales. Does ' • eiaj 1.,,111)P05e that the course 'of com- "oh,old'i;'story and commercial gravitation t7ave run as it has? "ua torl'ilY craft that crept down the canal t/tete t'sti tile open river to the Duke's dock harbingers of the mighty fleets lit't Lan-Zsihdentify Liverpool as the vestibule ester ir° and in many respects of n EUrope. f Nicer,: A DELIGHTFUL STORY. ell„nd rie--Lng the Duke's dock, as I have -•aPace to mention it earlier, I will Liverepitgl'tful yarn. b liad but three tiny docks when fe,entr it'',esPected and secured his good ~,, Site. He lived long enough to °• ricler:ertY become immensely valuable 4"lerie"'ved overtures for purchase from ~,Nlir,„ar Authorities. The Duke showed by'lese to sell ; but wlren pressed ,olled a "azzling offers he said, in what 134 if thiae enlent of yielding, that he would :teign,,s'Y _Would cover the site with 47, ha The the price was figured out. It the Yankees would describe tr J S ,t, Nl.' eed t • teeP but after many pangs they theL,°!! to it. The Duke was approached ngures. The old man protested is figure— some mistake. They explained 4 1 Sovera.showing the sovereigns laid flat. elearitealns laid flat" shrieked the Duke gebnch is 4.2vereigns on edge. " "Ztatio,:ue Story which has been told for and it is surely much too good '''irYl3ll 1 of 1,1.1 a Itt course E PASSENGER BOATS. iiiBll9t fore'n„e Duke was not prescient. He s h Blde i,, 40° everything. One instance on ' '7 as th,-,‘°o interesting to be omitted. As :tte• ~t,eB erae-11,,b..,eain it al was opened some passenger Which plied between Man- Stockton Quay. These were 51.1.t,11e ho-cl,..,c°lllPete with the stage coaches, h-ling or„7°_,B Which drew them travelled at ts'ilary Crx,.. by Doke anticipated Parlia- i v. ,0, 1314 0 y fixing the fare at a penny fj uitor c,llriously enough he failed to see .i' '.boetse„ler what the populace called his . et tratte t,_ Possibly he was so absorbed in eiP°eiall 4°l catering for passengers did to 1e Y interest him. At any rate he lq ' era, Yeart'othne_ boats with all privileges for anyone who would take them o o„ 'te, "e took t, l'oa,ran th Ile risk. The Duke, there- Th' ef £l6fientil himself, and made a clear t e %too' Vkl a Year. ix tooktone landing-steps may still be seen lir,,lNleetec?naY, and though grass grown . , s strin are sufficient to recall the days -' 'tethe fly of vehicles awaited the arrival "•qhied to ti(i)at, and bustling passengers • th to Live e road to be carried by stage re e tootinrpool or the North to the tune p 1,,t h hbled _ g horn and the cheers of the ttb ‘,fl WatCers. "Orti.a I)uct",,be,.. under, the. dignified title gel,. ,468 tie the, + and ~ untess " still does its daily • 'e D, Diet„il any of my hearers desire , ha.rl;ater, th'p'eaclue and romantic day upon • maY do worse than rise at a 6 o'clock start upon the toection ling, of course every care in 411 14 int r;°,"; weather, ' tlav9l(l men-h"B,"ng to know that the Duke as Colligation--' ‘°ok up steam as applied to al. and • , e 0 Thev —Put , Paddle steamers upon the mevsioanai, ''anro,e sad work of the banks of tele Duke bad not time to IN °d hie Ilea iesbefore failing health t th elosi activit. t b s ng ~Ettlai cello ~f h.Year a were spent at Worsley, 1;'eglo• With- 42° early achievement. The ave itil.hn to this il underground burrowings pa•rtY at the ay, Pretty much as he left it, iqt s . Water tunnels now measure teli4rdno inlrlsstead of one. The curious IN*i'ill not hirn of Pteits them will find much to 11111 tegret th e. quaint old pioneer and e visit. 141.'04 is, f ANOTHER STORY. "4 thirt°eernin.stance, the old clock which ' • instead of one. During the

workings, the shrewd employer,—then quite a young man,—noticed that while the men promptly dropped tools as the clock struck 12, they were not so cheery to resume exactly at one. The Duke remonstrated, and a workman retorted in a stroke of humour.

At twelve, he said, there was ample opportunity to hear the strokes; at one there was the probability of not noticing it at all. The Duke had the mechanism of the clock altered and in future it struck thirteen,—an eccentricity it retains to the present day. This blending of shrewdness and eccen- tricity ran through his character and marked all his schemes. He lived and died a bachelor. From the conviction that one jilting in a life- time was enough, he gave no possible opening to womankind, even refusing (I deplore the necessity of recording this in such an assembly) to have a female domestic servant in his household. Yet he was dear to both sexes, and Man- chester and Worsley Cid him every homage. He died as he had lived, a haunter of the canal side, a dreamer of commercial dreams, and when he died in 1803, Lanchshire mourned him as a father and friend. THE DUKE'S GHOST.

No wonder that Worsley people believe that the old Duke still lingers by his canal side and tell us that if we choose the right evening we shall see his shadowy figure drawn merrily by six black horses along the quay. We would rather think of the Duke as resting from his anxieties and labours. But perhaps the Worsley people are right; for if men continue in the shades beyond the interests that enwrapped them here, the "old Duke" zmust surely be the guardian angel of canals. As I only undertook to speak of romance, I will not weary the assembly with strings of dates and figures. Perhaps I have not convinced you that romance hovers over the tranquil waters of Stockton Quay, but I hope that my disjointed address has gone to show that, whether romance or not, there is a great deal of human interest in the story of the Bridge- water Canal.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
KNUTSFORD DIVISION LIBERALS. --- A Welcome to Mr. P. M. Oliver.

Every district was represented at the annual meeting of the Knutsferd Division Liberal Associaticn, on Saturday, at the Reform Club, Manchester. Mr. Frenk A. Howarth presided ard amongst others present were: Revs G A Payne and E E Ingham, Mears Philip M Oliver (prospective candidate), H P Greg, C Jackson Holmes, Henry Rol erts,J R Tomlinson, Gordon Roberts, J Longland, l'hillip M Oliver, W H Sheri:Him, E Lloyd Jones, G WallingtorP, A Albinson, II Cliffe (secretary). Apologies for absence were received from Lord Sheffield, Messrs A L Goodson, C J Holdswortb, A J King, Ziba Armitage, and others. Mr. A. J. King (ex-member for the division) wrote that his sympathies were of course entirely with them and Mr. Oliver. He beard excellent reports of him and the good work he was doing for all parts of the division, and he sincerely trusted that when the time came they would succeed in making him ths member for the division. Mr. J. R. Tomlinson submitted the annual report as follows :—" In presenting their report for 1911, your committee would congratulate you upon the results of yet another year of Liberal administration. The greatest fight of modern times has resulted in the longed-for diminution of the power of the House of Lords. Progressive legislation now has a fairer chance of becoming law, while yonr committee are convinced that the Insurance Act, subject to much criticism as it. has been, and possibly with many improvements yet to be found out during its actual working, will prove of untold blessing to the masses of this country, and will be a lasting memento of this Government, as the greatest social reform ever a tempted and carried into law. They believe it to be the duty of all citizens to do their best to secure the smooth working of the Act, and to give effect to its provisions. In view of the fact that Mr. Whitworth (who will live in our memories as a strenuous fighter and a most worthy leader at the last general elecciou) found himself unable again to cultivate the constitu- ency. your committee took steps to secure the presence in the division of a representative of Liberal hopes and aims. capable of leading us, if humanly possible, to v:ctory at the next election. Your Executive Com- mittee have, therefore, recommended Mr. P. H. Oliver, of Bowdon, to the General Council, with a view to his being eventually adopted as candidate, and your com- mittee feel they can most sincerely and heartily congratulate themselves and you upon having secured his services. He has proved himself an admirable sr:Raker, lucid, temperate and convincing. His knowledge of political questions is thorough, and his Liberalism and sympathy with forward movement and progress is beyond question. Your committee feel he would be an hononr to any constituency, and any constituency would honour itself by returning him. Daring the coming session the battle will rage round Home Rule, Welsh Dieestablishment and the proposed Reform Bill, with the long-delayed abolition of plural voting. The question of Women's Suffrage has at last entered the field of practical, though not party politics. With the change in leadership of the Unionist Party, it becomes more than ever necesary for 'Vs to be ready to defend Free Trade, and the excellent 13rancial results thereby accruing to the nation. The industries that were "going" refuse most obstinately to go. Spite of all prognostications of our opponents to the contrary, your committee are able to congratulate you upon a Budget surplus, upon record trade figures and upon decreased unemploy- ment returns, all signs of the prosperity of the country. "Mr.Cliffe has continued his excellent work as Secre- tary and Registration Agent, while the local committees may be reported generally as in good working order. In conclusion your committee feel we may go forward with confidence, knowing that the future is with us and for the progressive party, and knowing that we are working, not for selfish aims but fJr the welfare and the happiness of all the people and of the nations of the world at large." The report was adopted on the motion of Mr. Tomlinson, seconded by Mr. W. Rigby. The following officers were elected :—President,Lord Sheffield ; chairman, Mr F A Haworth ; vice-chairman, Mr A J King ; bon treasurer, Mr H P Greg ; hon secre- taries, Messrs J It Tomlinson and J Arnold Thompson. A resolution confirming the Executive Committee's invitation to Mr P M Oliver to become the prospective Liberal candidate was unanimously passed. Mr. H. Roberts, who secondecl,said that if Mr. Oliver bad created the same impression in other parts as he had done in Stockton Heath, he had become in a very short time one of the most popular men who had ever led Liberalism in the division. Mr. Oliver, responding to the invitation of the , association, said that Use National Insurance Com- missioners had a great work before them, and perhaps the greatest work was to get the doctors fairly and squarely working. If the Act meant the spending of a little more money they ought to spend it, because they must get the doctors enthusiastic about the measure. Looking back on the work of the Liberal party during the last six years, Mr Oliver said it was marvellous the progress that had been made.. With the exception of one little expedition in India, peace had been main- tained, India had been reconciled, and South Africa made an enthusiastic part of the British Empire, that laccording to competent critics the army was never more efficient, the strength of the navy maintained, and the veto of the House of Lords gone for ever. Besides all these things old age pensions had been granted, people insured against sickness and unemployment, an exten- sive grant made to agriculture and a charter given to the children. All this progress had been made with less taxation than there was in 1906. These were the credentials with which they would enter the fight in the Knutsford Division, and if they stood upon their merits they ought to get in. (Hear, hear.) Of course one newer knew what would happen. The walls of Jericho had fallen before to-day and the walls of Jericho might fall again, but if the walls did not fall, and they had to wait one or two times before they did they could at any rate keep tho fight going. (Applause). Mr. Thomas O'Donnell, M.P. for Kerry, addressed the meeting on Home Rule.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW ARRIVALS AT THE ZOO.

It is believed that a jaguar cub was born at the Zoological Gardens last week, but it has not yet been seen, and great care is taken not to disturb the mother. Two snow leopard cubs, about nine months old, have arrived at Liverpool from Kashmlr,and are expected to reach the Zoo and be on view there early this week.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, Match, 2, 1912.

JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

A DELAYED MARRIAGE. The account of last week's interesting wedding at the Gospel Hall recalled the less agreeable circum- stances attending a marriage in connecticn with a similar place of worship in a town, ECHne 50 miles away, a few years ago. The Gospel Hall had been open but a year or so when it was airanged to celebrate there the marriage of a daughter of the apostle, or high priest, or ruling elder, or whatever may be the correct title of the leading lay minister. At the eleventh hour it was realised that that would fall short of legal requirements, inasmuch as the building had not been licensed fur such solemnisation, so that the religions rites must be preceded or followed by civil contract at the office of the registrar. That was a disagreeable necessity, and it was decided to get it over first; but when the parties presented themselves for that pur- pose, it was discovered that the bridegroom, who lived 30 miles away, had inadvertently left at home the document without which it was impossible for the registrar to proceed. With a view to the immediate transmission of the indispensable paper, an attempt was made to get into communication with friends on the spot, but this proved ineffective. Meanwhile the congregation at the Hall were naturally puzzled by the unexplained delay. I had gone for a 2 30 cere- mrny, and it was 5 o'clock before it was peiformed ! Really,the marriage itself did not take place until the following day. I have just been glancing over a little collection of hints to those about to " rerpetrate matrimony," and I there read—" On the wedding- day itself bade and bridegroom are viisest if they leave all the management of things to other people. They both have plenty to think about for themselves until after the ceremony, at any rate" The young fellow to whom I have ieferred, would have been well- advised to have handed over his precious papers to the best man about four-and-twenty hours before his

TIIE PROJECTED DENIAL CLINIC. In the same debate, incidental reference was made to this. I krow ef some pitiable cases of young people who, had they appeared in a latex generation, would in all likelihood have been spared much physical suffering, whereas they are apparently con- demned to go throi4i lire handicapped by chronic hut once preventible disease. No doubt their negligent parents are blameworthy; the unprtfitableness of crying over spilt milk is obvh,us as well as proverbial, but I believe that the intervention ef the school medical officer, now assured in such instances, would have been of lasting benefit to these unfortunates The point for the moment is that the due and proper care of the teeth is of the utmost importance. As Dr. Young was constrained to exclaim at a representative gathering of dentists not very long ago, what does the avetage man in the street know or care about his teeth? D-es the average poor parent ever give his children's teeth a thought? If he does, what does it amount to? lie insisted that they must at least try to rouse these people from their state of monumental apathy as regards first, the feeding of children on rational lines, and second, the necessity for care of their children's teeth. "We want," pureued the dt,cter, "to antici- pate, and by early treatment prevent dental disease, and even more so the dit•edse caused by dental disease." And again : "Preventive medicine has long been a familiar term in the medical profession. Why not 'preventive dentistry ' ? for that is what school dentistry really is." lie has great hopes of this, and I think it well that at this juncture Warring- tonians should know of his sanguine anticipations. Ile expects of school dentistry a great diminution in , the number of people suffering from enlarged and ' tubercular glands of the neck, and, therefore, of cases of tuberculosis in its various forms elsewhere, the death-rate from that dread disease being thus appreciably lowered. Moreover, according ti this astholity, we should hear less of dyspepsia in its various form 3 ; we should see fewer anatenie women and girls. Suffering arising from dental c-nditions ditectly would be greatly lessened. Possibly that terrible disease cancer, in its different situations, especially of the stomach, would claim fewer victims and our whole national stamina would be

===== 0002601_19120302_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE DUKE OF FIFE.

On Saturday last the body of the late Duke of Fife was taken direct from Portsmouth to Windsor. Arriving at the station, the coffin Was carried by tIA elve sergeants of the Grenadier Guards,. and placed on a gun-

carriage, which was dra:-tvn by six horses, and manned by soldiers of the F Battery, Royal Field Artillery. Our picture shows the gun- carriage about to enter the castle.

_ • :I. ,:, ...-•••-• .:;,.4:',:xi•tti%D..s-44'in1.04".fiStaik41*.W.W.,-. ' ~....: ' :: ....".A.,....,••• - ,-8. -:.: 1,..4.,.frti1&".7.061b..14' •?:,tBi 4.1040,..,wekt./.....,t,.,-.3,.......,.....-.............,... -.,...-,,,,.....1_,.......?......, reoo4.:•.';w.4•PZ'>Co.:',''fi:'*':,:tf`f*...n':::(•:/:".,-,.`;',214.--*MieAlt•-•• .....;,1,..4?.5., ..../...?I,:' '-:::..%,:',.::..• •Vkitrl -.: v. ::':'''',”:'o2'PO '.,•* ,:"MtoM.:efr ~:AVVV,i>4444' ..41-Pr.4.W•445MArr,:•:;:::4Z.•-•:•...,•;;;OVV), ' .'" ."•''', 'laiAVP,f'...; .....L.,z*1ak„*"..0M,i.44.i ' . IX,..ie:*,;•Attte.Vo•o4W4Mi*ViOn",:ikA:-N'?• Ott4lß4';*/',;.P.PJ:PP" '....:Viik,•%Q!*%,:k%,:v..‘•s.o4:.:':::..l.t2e4NlZOO•aftglit:3lga,PONAME.';;Wei 14.4i17477001i'i':' -0,'Fttia:::,;*.:.;::!:!::::k.iAtIlliF:::5:::4;:'-fe::'7......°:f.:47:' irk..44l.lll4ll4t4,44:lft:CP•nAtillireillilt ''' ' %- .s.tag*:,‘MßOV,;,*i.k4f.:4lll.lN), *lpitlAW#Aliag":l2-RtiarNWS.lo. - ''l'''. -*: 2' ':';'"W.4.:'i"ge...)..eVT;t.Z4:qt-M-":14.'"'•nr.1.f44.:, 4k Aa.,,i,:•••4,(4:ii,:447.*V4:::.'.zkr:Fa5.,.R.0ratt:i54.4. :f-•-, :',';,--... -I",''''.lKAW4.r.,Y'ii. 4.i..A,•11f.;,i:4.§:;'-I',.:V4t§gr•:,•i!".:•4'..`,-:k1;:fr.:::% '.4::.;i.'`.:',''''.'.,ltvis.*:jit:4W -4,.. -, -.:r::::-,_ :: ..- . t 4.,.',4•,,,,,,,,,,:,,,,,n5....:::,--,,,,,,,,,,,,i,..i.g.::,..,,,,,t.,-;:-....T.F.,::„L,,,,,,,,,,sip.,„., .. ~.-,-.,:,....,., ~.,,,,,,,a,,,,* - 4.- - • -,•s 4,.,4,-..,:;..;'.:".::,•A1.....:-.•it,' .;:,...,`,,,,::•:::',".,4.',1..\,,, ' .::••• ...A, •.:. ,••••:',-.:: :. ,:::-.:: 4. 1.3 ::i.- .s'... ..it:' - •,...041i .. "1:f . '-, • - .41'1"): .7‘. -.1..... .:.".. ~•i•-•""$-"•.'.?t":"'.1-.-...-:.."..".1... -'?".,;".'. '' 'l.' .`"";.;?,: '....v,,,.5i.1.. .i..:1 ~ , -.0 qfcd: ..:..;;A:.,,-....;:., . . J.:::,..,.. ~,.,,,...,,:,.....•• '.': ...:. . .. , .-.... ~.s., *XIV::: ..-• .4; U. 4. ...-'. ;.-slt- -- ,-,.- ''' '•:.'s' ' , ....-...,„•:,..-4'.....c; ,4 , . .., - .. . . : ilk 13..i...t...;, ... '•"•;...,ftif-i.,.. .- ' . ' Attu. --",!::L-.:-::. - , t>l ~, - - .9".-:4 i'-,:. ;.s.";.::. irTAA-44::::- 8:8 f :: :., , ' ::8 . • .—• s':,"':B' :,::: - • . . : %ft.4.4,;•,,f,.."...!:,k,'140:0 :,•`‘ : ''':B, :•• ''' - : --c."'•B4 888 i ;;;,,,,,U8'':8,,,,,,,,:::: '" ', . , ' • ':. ~.. , ` W.:". ' :::.:V...•.'.:i*.:!8%;.:..,:...1, ~•:':; /,',V., ";',-"' ~.'-'). - 8 .': -;•,..;r- , ~ .., . ",. . .i.`'...iV ... .. ...,. . ~ ~„.. ~ . ....4‘;...„ ~;,zi...;4:4...2 -.:".:::?!.;-..0,.,:: '•. . . ~ ' - '.' , . .:. .....:'-; , ',:-.....".'...,:.',..:.*:-.f..., ... . - - .„, , • .„. . , „..,, , . •,' :Tisj.:4l.''''it ..'" : 1 '''''''''' ' . : ':'.. * \ 1 t 'V .„ , .0 . ,*:..--,* ~ ...;.......1 --- ..:i:. T v't.. .- ~. .1A ‘--,.. Al. v.-. 4....,..., . . 5,.,. sor. . • ",,,.. .".:•••Z:"..'r,1?..::,.:.. .'.'i'... - ",..".":"'!";.1:'. •.:52.0.i.:':..::•:..- :3......,":.,',.i0 .m..,:..: ( V ~, ..'‘ .. ..,".t.-Vc ....SI:4 ~. '.' •:"..:..,.i.f4t.::•;.,,...,:':..,..„,::."" . '41•tegift4.i.:;.:iiA4.:....N.4,.ti:- '!. : .. ,- ".:., '.....-.: i ..,.....:•,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, .-, •:Nto-::.,i#ol.44'.ttaig.- v•• ' 4,,, - ......-'4'o'l:P:',- •:."';i *g',..,:**. 1.mti..4-.•*.wi;. •H'.',s-"; • -..- :,: •:. • . ...:::::.--,-;t:.• •',•-•:,-::-ci,ii:-•::•s, 1 411 -- '7 Ikimp::r.o, -../401..':, • •,i0.f.)i.:::§.0.:M3 .< , , • .;_. .-...,igi1wa1i:.:;::.-.La....on..?(ViroomiiVAMow ~:'.:4,04::::. -.- ,-,-,.. .:''':41•''.f%t..•..5...5115i:"'",''..',.'''.3F'..Z...i....';•,•:°,ftt'.4.4.....7:V"..0"'":....4"1,.''f.:4;`,.:.'1?tfa ..„ . ...4, ..:. ' ~,N.. •:....<''. Aet,,..,::, ....1. **kif,..444,11..4ii,-..40 . . . .. . ...?.. ..„:„.4„,....:.,........::::::„......... .......

===== 0002601_19120302_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
attack of stage fright reduced him to such a state that be evidently knew not whether he was on his head or on his heels.

A GEM FROM THE TALMUD. As one turns over the leaves of the Talmud, one ccmes across all sot. of unexpected stories, sad the experience just narrated somehow reminds me of this titbit culled therefrom :--An atheist, in an argument with a Rabbi, once said, " Your God is a thief, for according to your own Scriptures, he took a rib from Adam riming his sleep." The Rabbi's daughter asked leave to answer for her father. " Would you call a man a thief," she asked, "who took away your silver pitcher and replaced a golden one ?" "I R ish such a thief would come every night," is the answer ; whereupon the Rabbi's daughter replies, "So it was when God took Adam's rib and gave him Eve instead."

LENTEN OBSLRVANCE. An old friend of mine who still writes for the paper on which I received my early training tells of a young curate who recently got engaged to a very charming ycung lady, and in the first weeks of their newly- found bliss the young couple saw each other every day. The curate, however, during Lent, has imposed upon himself the self-sacrifice of not seeing or speaking to his fiancee for 40 days ! What the young lady says to this we are not told, but (deponent continues) this is the sort of Lenten observance that turns the whole thing into ridicule. I prefer the little boy who had to take his powders in jam, and when told by his mother that it was Lent, and asked what he would do without during Lent, as all good people did without something, said he would do with- out the powders and take, the jam. A higher Church dignitary than the one to whom allusion has been made told me that before the end of February he would be smoking his pipe on the Great Pyi amid That is another ecclesiastic's way of observing Lent. STATISTICS. I have a sort of hazy recollection of some legal luminary wittily defining evidence as (1) facts ; (2) lies; (3) statistics. This came to my mind as I read Mr. Leslie's letter on " Drunkenness in Warrington." The editorial comment thereupon was that " Figures may prove anything, but oft-times they prove nothing." In reference to a somewhat similar point, Lord Justice Fletcher Moulton went further than that in his recent address at the Sanitary Inspectors' Association meeting. He declared the glory of ancient cities like Babylon and Rome to be entirely duo to the absence of statistics.

THE CLERK AND THE ARTISAN. In the course of the Education Committee's discus- sion respecting the cost of local education, which (the cost if not education) is advancing by leaps and bounds Councillor Henshall took occasion to cite Sir John dorst, who at Manchester said "We are not raising up a generation of workers, but a generation of clerks, and not very good clerks at that." I remember the late Bishop of Ripon saying something very like it at a Public Morals Conference. Con- demning-the " snobbism "of the lower middle classes in consigning so many of their sons to the drudgery of an o ffice stool, he attributed the mischief to " a system which has been educating a nation of little clerks." Upon this a contemporaay urged that the creed. of the black coat should be discredited. It was °beet ved that we have in great measure outlived the sanctity of the black coat, but the spirit that ordained it is still with us. The clerk earning a p-und a week comes withit. the sphere of "gentility "; the carpenter earning as much a day can never hope to enter the circle. It is purely a question of calling, not of character or capacity, of refinement or intelligence. The writer confidently suggests that the career of a carpenter, a plumber, or even a bricklayer must be far more interesting than that of the ordinary clerk nay, that these trades require more intelligence. Any- how, it will be agreed that there is no reason why these and other trades should not be associated with refinement and education. The stigma upon the Britisli workman is largely due to the fact that modern conventions have divorced the two conditions. It might be thought that free schools would break down these artificial barriers. But the effect would seem to be to strengthen them. "The Literary Post " once summed up the position thus reasonably :—" Skilled handicraft ehould be no detriment to social aspira- tions. If a man is a boor, the fact of his being a bank clerk should not excuse it. On the other hand, if he is intellectually eligible to mix with people of refine- ' ment, the fact of his being a craftsman should not put him on a lower level." As the good Bishop aforesaid argued in his admirable speech, in the ladder of national life every honest occupation is as honourable as any ether. All depends upon the individual, be he manual labourer, skilled artisan, clerk, or what else.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
improved. Wallington has incurred pretty substan- tial liabilities on account of medical ippection and school dent stry, but assuredly, as Mr. Jolley remarked in his statement as hairman of the Finance Committee, none will '• grudge that portion of the outlay." THE PROPOSED HEALTH WEEK.

It is sufficient comment upon the humiliating facts which emerge from the foregoing considerations that in this second decade in the twentieth century of the Christian era exponents of sanitary science have to stump the country begging and praying an indifferent populace to pay more heed to their physical well- being, and to that end inducing industrial centres like Warrington to arrange for a " health week." However, there are optimists in the field of meditine and sanitary refoirn. Prominent among these is the well- known Dr. C. W. Saleeby, the eugenics enthu4ast. He has been tracing the progress of medicine since the time of Hippocrates, 400 8.C., who believed in fresh air, plenty of water inside and out, very simple food, and not too much of it, in hard beds, and in healthy out-door exercise. With a jump we come from the time of Hippocrates to the era of Pasteur, in the nineteenth century, and he, as the discoverer of the germ thew y, represented the beginning of a new age. Mile Pasteur declared that it was within the power of mankind to abolish disease, Dr. Saleeby 11 ventures the opinion that the twentieth century will be known for having practically abolished disease. There is still lots of leeway tb make up, but War- ring on evidently means business and is bent on play- ing a worthy part in the cause of practical hygiene and all that appertains thereunto. HOME AND WOMAN'S MISSION.

Harkirg back to Lenten observances, I find that at the first of the special series of services in connection with the Warrington Church Society, the Bishop of Liverpool sought to enforce as a lesson of paramount importance an argument tentatively advanced by his Lordship's and the readers' most bumble servant who ' pens these jotting in a note arising out of the Women's Suffrage question awhile ago, viz., that our little yet great word "h )ine "—which with " mother " shares pride of place in the English language—epitomises the highest mission of the gentler sex, and that in no other sphere i 3 woman's influence at all likely ever to be so potent for the permanent benefit of the race. At the same time, of course, there are abundant oppor- tunities of usefulness for the comparatively small number of women of intellect who, unhappily as I think, have no domestic ties, and who consider them- selves morally bound to utilise their power for the good of the community at large. But perhaps lam getting on ti rather dangerous ground. After all one has to bear in mind that one is a more man. A MUSIC NOTE.

Lapsing into fiivolity, let me mention that I have just renewed an acquaintance of my boyhood. His name is F Sharp, and he is a profesQor of music. Nevertheless, people will go on asking" What's in a name ? " And will contend that the playing of my accomplished friend would be juat as sweet if he haFpened to be Professor A Flat !

===== 0002601_19120302_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
HAD NO WISH TO LIVE.

Suffered Untold Tor:nres from Indigestion and Kidney Trouble. NOW STRONG AND WELL.

Mrs. Dowdeswell, 29, Dishopstone road, Gloucester, writes " After suffering untold torture for ea years from chronic dyspepsia and kidney troubles, and receiving no benefit from any treatment, I felt I had no wish to live. Then a friend of mine made me try Dr. Cassell's Tablets for Weak and Nervous People, and I was amazed at the almost instant relief I got, and very soon I was a different woman. I can eat well, have no pain, and although I was a perfect nervous and physical wreck, am now comparatively strong and well." Dr. CasFell's Tablets for Weak and Nervous People are a revelation to those suffering from nerve and organic weakness, digestive and kidney troubles' and all diseases arising from physictil debility in children or adults. Price 101 d., Is. lid. and 2s. 91 of all chemists. A free sample box sent on receipt of 2d. for postage &c., to Dr. Cassell's Co. Ltd., King street, W. Manchester.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
DUEL IN PARIS.

Paris. IVlondaT.—M. Paul de Cassagnac,co-director of the" Autorite,' and M. Clrule,s Maurras, of the "Action Praecaise," fought a duel with swords this morning, as the result of a lively press polemic. M. Mounts was i wounded n the forearm.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CASE FOR IRELAND.

BY MR. JOHN REDMOND, M.P.

It is frequently urged by Unionist speakers that Ireland has no grievance because, under the Union, she has full power to send representatives to the Biitish Parliament, and that she, therefore, enjoys the full blessings of representative government under the British Constitution. The simple answer is, that the name of representative government is a mockery, unless representation be coupled with responsibility and power. At the present time Irish members have no responsibility either for legislation or administia- tion in their own country. These things are settled by a Chief Secretary, who may be i Sootchman or an Englishman, but by the practice of the Constitution, practically never an Irishman ; and his will is enforced by a House of Commons nearly six-sevenths of which is composed of British members. Measures 'elating to Ireland can be, and often have been, carried against the unanimous vote of Irish members, Unionist and Nationalist; and when a Unionist. Government is in power they are usually carried against the vote of four-fifths of the Irish representatives.

• Yet the whole system of government is separate and distinct from that of Great Britain. Education,police, Poor-law, land legislation, licensing laws —all these things are on a different basis in Ireland; and yet they cannot be modified in accordance with Irish public opinion, except by the goodwill of England and Wales. Now, however much English, Scottish and Welsh members may desire to do good in Ireland, they do not, and cannot, possess the necessary knowledge of Irish needs and conditions. They do not, for example, understand the Irish system of Primary Education; and they do not understand the special needs of higher education in a country where four- fifths of the people are Roman Catholics. They them- selves are accustomed to the presence of a locally controlled police, and they have to decide for Ireland matters relating to the use of a constabulary which is a standing army in disguise. They, and not the Irish members, have to regulate the Irish railway system, increasingly controlled by English railway companies, in the interests of England, not in the interests of Ireland. It is easy f r them, in sheer and simple ignorance, to act unjustly without the least intention of injustice. Again, a system of representative government which does not rest on the consent of the people represented is evidently a fraud. Ireland never accepted the Union. When it was first proposed in the Irish House of Commons the Bill was defeated, and under any Constitutional Government there should have been an appeal to the country. No such appeal took place. The Government simply occupied itself in Turchasing by a monstrous system of bribery the necessary majority before the second introduction of the measure Even the right of holding meetings to protest against the Uoion was denied the country. Meetings were dispersed with artillery. No one has ever pretended that the measure,when it passed,repre- Isented the will, or had the real assent, of the Irish people, Protestant or Catholic. A. rebellion against the Union broke out within three years. On its failure a constitutional agitation for Repeal of the Union was set on foot, and for a century that agitation has been carried en, with only this vat iation, that when con stitutional redress seemed absolutely hopeless, as in 1848 and 1867, the country prepared for rebellion. In 1818 rebellion was born out of the blackest misery. In the 'seventies, when Isaac Butt's Home Rule movement was begun, the c.iuntry was relatively prosperous, and English politicians argued, as they argue to-day, that it would be criminal to damage the prosperity of Ireland by giving her the right to manage her own affairs. The Home Rule demand was strong in 1880, when 100,000 people were flying ta America to escape from famine. It is no less strong to-day, when the people have become owners of their land and when emigration has been reduced to one-third of its previous rate. Nothing can be more delusive than the statement that Land Purchase has killed the demand for Home Rule. No county in Ireland has seen more extensive 1 Ind purchase than County Wexford, and yet no Unionist would ever think of presenting himself for election there. In prosperity and in misery alike Ireland has demanded the same remedy—control of her own affairs. . .

It is significant that since the Irish people got the extended franchise in 1885 the opponents of Home Rule have given up even the pretence of trying to persuade the Irish people to accept the Union, and Home Rulers have been allowed an unopposed return in all but a mere handful of the lrih constitutencies The Un'onists tried in 1885 to extend their area of operations outside the North-East corner of Ulster ; but the results were too damaging for them to risk repetition. In some counties they failed to poll 100 v tes.

If representative government means anything, stands for any substatme, it must mean that when the will of the people represented has been declared by a majority of fourth-fifths at every election for a perm' of 27 years on a given issue, the will of the people she nld prevail. Mr. Gladstone stated that the expression of public opinion in right. We adopt the great Liberal Prime Minister's axiom that a demand t xisted which it would be unjust not to meet. Since then the &Inn demand has been eight times renewed by the same overwhelm- ing majority. Every man, therefore, who believes in tepresentative and corts'itutional government must support HOlll9 Rule. Our claim is, first and foremost, rested upon an assertion of right. We adopt the great Liberal Minister's axiom that " Good government is no substitute for self-government." We claim self- government as our right, due to us, as to every other nation of white men within the Bi itish Empire. We should think ourselves unworthy of freedom if we did not claim it. But the claim is based, also, on considerations of expediency. The Union has not produced wealth, has not produced contentment, has not produced settled order, or any of the results which are indicative of good government. It is self-evident that Parliament has not time to deal with Ireland's necessities, the necessities of a nation with four millions of people. It is notorious that again and again the British Parlia- ment has refused to accede to the reasoned and invincible argument, and has subsequently conceded to violence and disorder the very reforms thus demanded the most damning charge that can be brought against any Government. Yet the British Parliament is an assembly of high fame in the world, well justified by is conduct of British affairs. Its failure to be of service to Ireland is the strongest prof that a country can never have good government until it is governed by its own people, and in accord- ar.ce with their special needs and requirements. It is a common-place of politics that the British Empire rests on a wise and generous application of the principle of self-government. Home Rule has succeeded in every part of the British Empire, and no reasonable argument has yet been brought forward to show why Home Rule will not succed in Ireland. That is " The case for Ireland." The ease against it reduces itself to this : that Parliament undoes a great wrong against which the Irish nation has strugg'ed, and under which the Irish nation has suffered for over a hundred years; if Parliament passes a measure which was carried by a House of Commons in 1893, and which since 1906 has been supported by great majorities even of British members in three succesQive Parliaments ; if a step is taken which every self-governing dominion in the British Empire advocates by the voice of its leading men, irrespective of party, and by the solemn resolution of its own free Parliament ; if, finally, the most potent cause of discord and distrust between Great Britain and the great English-speaking republic of America be removed—why, then, a section in the North-East of Ireland will refuse to obey the law, and impose their will by force, not only on four-fifths of Ireland but on the whole British Empire.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUNG LIBERALS.

Progress in Lancashire and Cheshire.

The Lancashire and Cheshire Federation of the National league of Young Libe-als this week com- pletes its fourth year, and the report for the past twelve months shows that 1911 saw a still more marked advance in its activities and achievements. During thl year nine new branches have been affiliated with the Federation. " The political events of the past year," says the report," have been of exceptional interest to Young Liberals. In our last report we said, The Veto must go.' It had gone, and immediately there is opened out a great vista of possibilities for social, electoral, and national reform. . . . "Electoral reform of a drastic, character has been promised. We rejoice that an opportunity will be afforded the members of the House for a free decision 'on the question of tbe inclusion of women in the scope of such reform."

===== 0002601_19120302_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
"GOODALLS"

FOR

DECORATIONS CARPETS CURTAINS FURNITURE

KING STREET, MANCHESTER.

iCHILDREN'S CORNER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB. Ne-'‘,---•‘--wv--,"‘"‘/-0‘...

LEAP YEAR AND ITS EXTRA DAY. Possibly many boys and girls have been puzzled about Leap Year, and have wondered why it should have its extra day. The explanation is that the true year is rather more than 365 days long, and we have occasionllly toput an extra dayin the calender to keep things even. It takes the earth 3651 days, eleven minutes and a few seconds to go round the sun, and the Almanac is arranged so that we have three years of 365 days and one year of 366 days. If you will figure it out you will find that this arrange- ment is hardly perfect, and in order to make it so, it was agreed that the first year of each century should not be a leap year. The years 1600, 1700, 1800 and 1900 were just ordinary years, but every other year which can be divided by four will be a leap year. To tell you how this arrangement came to be made would take quite a long article, but I can find space to say that it dates back to Pope Gregory XIII. who went carefully into the subject in 1577. Things had got so much wrong that he issued a decree annulling ten days. The rule was adopted in Roman Catholic countries but some Protestant ones refused it. It was not until New Year's Day 1600 that Scotland took the new reckon- ing and England only adopted it in 1751. By Act of Parliament it was decided that eleven days should be omitted after September 2nd and what would have been September 3rd became September 14th. The alteration did not please everybody, although it was done in the interest of accuracy, and the people raise the cry against the Government, " Give us back our eleven days." Russia still uses the old style, but always all the rest of the world uses the calender and numbe rs its days as we do.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
WISHING.

Ring-ting! I wish I were a prirnroso, A biight yellow primrose blooming in the spring! 'I he stooping boughs above mo, The wandering bee to love me, The fern and moss to creep across, And the elm-tree for our king! Nay—stay ! I wish I wet ean elm-tree, A great, laity elm-tree with green leaves gay The winds would set them dancing, The sun and moonshine glance in, The birds would house among the boughs, And ever sweetly sing! Oh—no! I wish I were a robin, A robin or a little wren, everywhere to go; Through forest, field or garden, And ask no leave or pardon, Till winter comes with icy thumbs To ruffle up our wings! Well - tell ! Where should I fly to, Where to go to sleep in the dark wood or dell? Before a day was over, Borne comes the r, vet For mother's kiss—sweeter this Than any other thing. William Allingham.

THIS WEEK'S STORY. Mr. Marshall P. Wilder has been telling us about some stories which were the favourites of the late King. He says: One of the stories the late King Edward appreciated most was that which I related to him about a man who had a habit of walking in his sleep. One night he got up and wandered about the streets, until met by a policeman, who shook him, saying: "Here, here! I'll have to arrest you, I can't have this sort of thing." _

"But, my good man," expostulated the now thoroughly awakened sleep-walker, "this is not intentional.l am a somnambulist."

"I don't care what your religion is. You can't walk about the street in your pyjamas."

===== 0002601_19120302_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
The Troubles that Follow Influenza.

!ts dangerous after-effects cured by

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

The most serious and depressing result of an attack of Influenza is the persistent weakness that follows the disorder. The victim remains despondent and exhausted, and seems quite unable to resist further attacks. In this nervous and weakened condition lies a real danger, for serious Chest Ailments,Rheumatism, Digestive Troubles and Nervous Diseases frequently develop. It has been proved repeatedly that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People dispel the dangerous After- effects of Influenza by building up and renewing the blood supply. In this way they drive out the dregs of Influenza and impart the tone and strength that mean perfect health. Mr. T. H. Moore, of 15, Moore Street, London Road, Preston, confirms this fact, lie states :

"Some a inters back was out in all weathers. My health fell below par, and chill after chill eeized me. 'then an attack of Influenza left me in a weak, feverish state, with pains all over me. I had to rest and take tonic medicines, but I had lost all strength, and my nerves were all to pieces.' "I could only just nibble odds and ends of nourishment. Sharp pains slr t from limb to limb, but ~ of all was the dreadful weakness. Some days I tried to get about a little, but returned hc me 'played outrfor all my lints ached as though I were suffering from Rheumatism. Those who have had Influenza know how helpless it leaves one. I was in a most pitiable state. " Then a friend advised me to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. I had heard a great deal about these Pills, so I began to take them. "The first thing I noticed was that my nerves were steadied. I got stronger and soon was able to take regular exercise. As I continued Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I put on weight, and so in course of time I got thoroughly well and strong again. Then I was able to return to my work. There is no doubt at all about it, I was cured and strengthened by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills alone." The Pills that strengthen—that is the great secret of the success achieved by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. No other Pills so surely give tone to the vital organs, the spine and nerves. Obtainable of dealers, or post free, direct from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, E.O , price 2s. 9d. one box, or 13s. Od. for six boxes. But no sly substitute 4, will do ; you must have Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

Mr. 7'. H. Moore (from Polo worst

===== 0002601_19120302_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-Cr..rt,or

===== 0002601_19120302_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
'STORK'

• 8 11114 s fill."llllll4\With • - Symington's Coffee Essence 4,51 you can have the most fragrant and delicious coFFEE. coffee without %cog z fuss or difficulty. T Economical, too oess_ncem. —4 cups only cost id. - - SYMINGTON'S Coffee Essence. Thos. Symington ey. Co., Ediniurs-It 6. London.

"The Cook's Best Friend." 4 BORWICK'S BAKING POWDER. / //,

===== 0002601_19120302_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
MARCARINE

—you can't tell it from delicious country butter— just as nourishing and wholesome-- yet half the price! Ask your Grocerfor it

The best way to secure maximum

results with

OATS and BARLEYS IS TO GROW GARTONS

New and Regenerated Breeds as des- cribed in their new descriptive Catalogue which may be had post free on application. This catalogue contains many convincing reports of the super- iority of those New and Regenerated

Breeds.

THE SCIENTIFIC FARM PLANT BREEDERS,

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
AN

Jets

ADA Sent free to any adaresS

Canada is calling for Farmers, Farm Workers and Female Domestic Servants, and offers excellent opportunities to each

and all.

------ ~ .. :-.:-.......-:- .. ~,...0 P... .o• C/c(pifri c., 10-, ,' ftzs? D ' v.. -- - --- „ : These Pamph or C

===== 0002601_19120302_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, March, 2, 1912.

iOUR SERIAL STORY.

[ALL EMITS RESERVED.]

colour in her eneeas. "Why should we fence any longer?" she said softly. "You must know that I am talk- ing of things I understand—that I have dis- covered, accidentally perhaps, but which . I have kept so far to myself, because of my in- terest in you. The other day you betrayed your knowledge of Paul Steinway by the sud- den start you gave, and the tightening of your lips. You can't surely deny that you know him?" she went on, watching his in- scrutable and somewhat amused face with eager eyes. "My dear Miss Frant," he began slowly,"' pn really amazed at your interest in me and in what you imagine to be my business, but honestly I don't see the importance of the name of Steinway.' When I was a lad in the Colonies I naturally knew and met many types of men, some good sorts, some rot- ters, and this man Steinway was probably one or the other; the name is not uncom- mon, but certainly I have no enemy of that name. I should remember it if I had," lie smiled. Isobel rose and looked at him. "There's one thing you don't know, perhaps—how should you? But the letter Paul Steinway dropped in the Park was picked up by me." There was a moment's silence, during which they measured each other's strength. Then he said slowly : "I am afraid I am none the wiser. You see I have not had the pleasure of reading the gentleman's correspondence. May I ask if the letter was addressed to me?" "Yes—it was a letter relating to a secret you shared with him," she answered. "Per- haps you will say that there is no secret?" lie gave a frank laugh of amusement. "Pon my word. I'm sure that I have a

bear the sight of those rooms where he haA seen a glimpse of what might have been had the Fates so willed. He had not made up his mind where to go to yet, but it would be somewhere sufficiently near enough to town to enable him to run in and see how Lofty was getting on. He had two calls he wanted to make, and then London would see him no more until after the wedding that would place an irrevocable barrier between him and the woman he had set upon the empty pedestal in his heart. He turned from his Inspection of the empty rooms, and whistled softly. A tiny black Pomeranian lay curled upon a rug in a corner of the studio, and at the sound of the familiar whistle it pricked up its cars and wagged a bushy tail, then rising slowly, first stretched itself, and then trotted across the room to him. He bent down and patted its back.

"Well, old girl! so we're off, eh? You'll be glad to find yourself- in the country again, won't you? But first we must go and say good-bye to our friend and patron, Lady Mary, and then—well, we'll transact our business and put ourselves on a new footing with life." _

The dog gave a series of agitated barks as it saw its master take up his hat and move towards the door, and a few moments later they were both in a hansom, the man carry- ing the dog in his arms. Lady Mary's house in Caclogan-gardens was not far from the studio, and a quarter of an hour later he was being ushered into the drawing-room, followed by his faithful com- panion. The room was darkened by sun blinds, and at first he saw only Lady Mary's big, generous figure coming towards him, and, then gradually another figure loomed in the near distance—n tall, graceful one in some soft silvery garment "We were just talking about you," Lady Mary said cheerfully; "in fact, I was per- juring myself by saying that I knew for a fact that you had thrown up your ambition and be- ome a gardener." "It'c out emite correct." he smiled. "I am

===== 0002601_19120302_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
A BID FOR A BRIDE

BLANCHE EARDLEY, Author of "Kitty Bell—Actress," "The Lady

Killer," &c.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
SYNOPSIS.

atiroan HAWKE, financier and secretary of the Amalga• mated Copper Company, is about to set the seal en his ambition. At the age of forty he has the consent of the managing director of the same company to propose mar- riage to his only daughter, Stella Train°, a beautiful girl. Though scarcely sure of herself she accepts him. Hawke returns to his chambers, and receives a letter left during his absence. Though it comes from a former friend, Paul Steinway, IL:wtce is by no means pleased; evidently this Mtn knows too much of the financier's former days. At the door of a house to which Hawke has driven Stella Trains in his motor, a girl in the crowd faints. Stella aslis Hawke to lift her up, but instead he sends for a servant. A young artist guest comes to the fainting woman's rescue and carries her into the house. Later Stella and the artist —Jasper Tennar t—discuas what shall be done for the poor woman—Lotty Bond—anti this leads to an invita- tion for Stella to visit the artist's studio. In a coin-creation with his hostess—Lady Mary Stainer—Tennant refers to the aubjeet which is his principal aim in life—the avenging of his sister an the man, who deserted her and their child.

Isobel Frant, a " poor relation " of Stella Traine's, who is in lore with Clifford Hawke, is sitting in the park. /ler attention is directed to a mien whose eyes gleam with hate, and who is evidently intently watching tor some person. As he walks past her an unposted Ritter falls from his pocket, which Isobel picks up with the intention of re- turntrig. The address of Clifford Ilawke upon it causes berth change her plans, and once in her room she reads the letter. It contains the secret of Clifford Ilawke's past In fulfilment of her promise Stella visits Jasper lennant's studio, in company with Lady Mary Stairer. They are joined by Hawke and Isobel, the former in a vile temper because he has learnt on the, way that the girl is in posses- sion of his secret. A piett-re of which Lotty Deed is the model also draws Tennant into disclosures which make Hawke tremble and wonder how much he suspects or knews. While the financier is contemplating how best to crush these two, a third antagonist awaits him at his house—Paul Steinway.

lifawe offers Steinway £3OOO for his silence, but nothing save a post under the man he is blackmailing will satisfy Pant. With Lotty Bond as their protege Stella and Jaspir are frequently brought together, and, at a subsequent viz.it to the studio, Tennant is unable to restrain from an avowal of the love he bears for Stella, for he has guessed that she does not love Hawke. In the midst of the avowal Hawke himself appears—he has overheard. Cynically Indignant. Hawke takes Stella MT without a word to Tennant. The artist curses himself for his folly, and then, possessed of a sudden suspicion, en'ers the room In which Hawke acted eavesdropper. his suspicions are confirmed. The drawer which contained the papers relating to his sister's mar- riage is empty. Stolen - -

- - nawke urges Stella to an early marriage, end the pre- parations proceed apace, though not without misgivings on the girl's part as the result of sinister suggestions which Isobel Frant instils into her breast. Stella pays a visit to Lofty Bond's dwelling, and there hears of an accident which has befallen her. She has teen run over by a motor-car, and Jasper Tennant, who Is there at the time, tells her it was Ilawke's car. and that he (lid not stop to inquire as to her Injuries. The artist begs forgiveness tor the episode of his love avowal, which Stella readily grants. While his fiancee is paying this charity visit, Iliwke is also paying a mysterious visit to au opium den of Chinamen. On his return a letter awaits him from Traine cancelling an en- gagement for that night, as Stella is unwell. Ile is sus- picions, and a minute later is surprisei to hear a womana laugh in the adjoining room.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER X.

A MAN AND A WOMAN.

As he stood inside the- room Hawke could hardly restrain an exclamation. He didn't know whom he had expected to see. At first a mad thought had suggested that Stella had played him a practical joke, and then he re- membered that such a thing was impossible. She had never yet been to his chambers with anyone, let alone by herself. No--it was not Stella, but who was it? Then he had entered the room and had uttered the exclamation of amazement. Seated on a low couch in an attitude of indo- lent comfort was Isobel Frant! As their eyes met she laughed again, though a slight colour deepened her as yet natural one. "Surprised, I suppose, Mr. Hawke," she said, rising and holding out her hand, "sur- prised, and of course somewhat scandalised, like a properly brought up engaged young man ought to be He flushed at the raillery in her voice. After that first shock he had recovered his grip of himself, and remembered that she had perhaps come as a dangerous enemy, and he instantly took his cue from her. "Surprised isn't the word, Miss Frant. But far from being scandalised as you suggest, I am afraid my bringing up has been left in my own hands to such an extent that, notwith- standing my being what you call an engaged young man, I am quite charmed to ace you, though of course I hope nothing serious has brought you here." "When I beard your step outside in the hall," she said abruptlj, "I thought that you had brought someone in with you, and I won- dered what on earth I should say to explain my presence here." He looked at her curiously. "And that's why you laughed, I suppose? She nodded. "Yes, it would have been so funny if people had begun to gossip about us as the consequence of my being here—alone— wouldn't it? " "I should hardly call it a matter for amusement myself," he replied dryly; "let us be glad, however, that no one came in with me. By the way, did my man let you in, or had you a latchkey?" "I'm not so fortunate as to possess a latch- key of my own, let alone other people's," she retorted gaily. "But, seriously, your man let me in. I said I was your cousin and had comem e i n t oselei like rs, lamb, youoab n nmimportantr eb business," naem.s s ~, so he let "So I see !" he remarked' grimly. To tell the truth he was puzzled. He had barely no- ticed Isobel Frant before, and when he had, except on the occasion of their tete-a-tete in the Park, he had thought her rather a hand- some sullen sort of girl, with no particular charm about her, but now, as he looked at her, and listened to her assumed airiness of man- ner, he was inclined to think that there was something of the audacity and daring of a clever woman about this cousin of Stella's. She was handsome, too, in a style that did not appeal to him, but that might appeal to a hundred other men. She knew that he knew she had come to his chambers with a stronger motive than her light words conveyed, and he shot an anxious glance in the direction of the desk under the window. It was locked, and he knew that no one but himself had a key that would open it. fie turned to find that she was looking at him with a quizzical smile. "You are wondering why I came to see you! " she said. "Let me begin by telling you that I had no burglarious motive; it might relieve your mind to know that so far your secrets are in your own keeping." He laughed. "I'm not so sure of that! However, / most confess to some slight curiosity as to the reason of this visit, Miss Frant, because I am not vain enough to imagine that a frivo- lous one brought you here." "Your surmise is quite correct. I had a reason in braving Mrs. Grundy, and calling here. It was my only chance of seeing you alone, Mr. Hawke, and," she went on, eyeing him through mocking eyes, "you happen to be very interesting to me in a sense." He bowed. "You flatter me, Miss Frant. May I en- quire what natitre that interest takes? And why you should take all this trouble to tell me so?" "Becauae," she said slowly, weighing each word carefully, "I am watching a silent duel being fought between two strong men, and I am wondering which one will win. Some- times I think you will—at others I fancy that Paul Steinway might." In spite of the self-control he had over his nerves, Hawke gave a ,tart. "Steinway?" he said. "You mentioned that name to me 'before, Miss Frant. Do you know anyon" of that name?" "1 Paul Steinway to-clay lunching at th: 6moy with another man who looked like , a Colonial," she said calmly, "and I was in. terested in them because I knew that Paul Steinway was your enemy." He looked at her curiously. "Do you think I have any C 111163 to be frightened of this marvellous person, Paul Steinway?" he said with a laugh. "If I re- member rightly you referred to this indivi- dual before." She raised her head and looked at him with shining, eyes. ExciOlunt was deepening the

tndusana such mysterious aocuments bong sent to me every year. These needy devils come back to England, accidentally hear of a 'pal' who has struck lucky,' as they call it, and because they want more money and can't earn it. they start a systematic form of blackmail. I deal with such letters promptly when they fall into say possession,' he went on grimly. "I pass them into the hands of the police." She bit her lip. "But this may not have been such a case," she said slowly. "I have an idea that Paul Steinway was not the usual type of man who writes begging letters under a threat. He is your enemy—and a bitter one, and you know it, though yOu choose to laugh at it. I—l warn you against that man," she went on; I"he is a man who will succeed." He smiled.

"All this is very interesting, Miss Frant, but still I don't know why you should con- cern yourself on my behalf. May I inquire whether you have communicated your dan- gerous suspicions about Mr. Steinway to Stella?" She flushed suddenly. "Stella!" she laughed. "Stella lives in a world of her own; she is not affected by the things that affect me or you! She probably would think me mad—as you do—and then go back to her dreaming—dreams in which you and I have no place.' "What do you mean?" he said sharply. "What dream has Stella that her future hus- band does not have?" She looked at him with mocking eye's. "Need ask.? You are so clever in fsome things, surely you are not blinded by Stella's outward resignation to her coming marriage. She is in love, yes—but not with you." The veins stood out on Hawke's temple like blue cords, and for a moment wild, un- reasonable rage gripped him. He longed to strike the woman who had flung his only fail- ure in his face, but with an almost super- human effort he controlled himself, though his eyes betrayed what his will concealed. "You are making very daring statements, Miss Frant," he said quietly; 'they are of such a nature that the kindest thing I can suppose is that volt have quarrelled with your cousin, and wish to make mischief be- tween us." A scornful little laugh came from her trembling lips. "You know that I am speaking the truth. In your heart of hearts you know that Stella does not love you—that she is fighting against another love—for whom, you can guess. This afternoon she left me and took a hansom and drove off somewhere; she re- fused to let me go with her. Oh!" she panted, "do you think I would act like Stella if I were the woman you had chosen for your wife! If she were to read this letter of Paul Steinway's she would believe it at once—she would throw you over, while I—l would cling all the more to the man I loved, and if there were mud on him I would so join my life with his that I would lift some of his crime on to my shoulders!" She paused, and buried her face in her hands. She had torn the rags of convention from her, and now waited breathlessly to see the result of her mad recklessness. Would she win or lose?

The next moment she heard a sound that made her cold with mortification. Clifford Hawke opened the door, and in a cold, con- ventional voice said, for the benefit of the serrant outside:

"I will go and see about a hansom for you while you put on your gloves; I won't be a second."

The door closed behind him, and when she was alone Isobel glanced up with a white face.

"Very well," she whispered viciously, "as you have humbled me to-day, Clifford Hawke, so shall I humble you another day!"

CHAPTER XI. JASPAE, TENNANT'S QUEST.

Jaspar Tennant looked round his dis- mantled studio with moody retrospective eyes. He had packed up his belongings, and sent them to be stored, and had made up his mind to give Chelsea a wide berth for a time. The studio would be on his hands for another eighteen month e but he felt he could not

4oing'itifo6 country, out snan engage a gar- dener." -

"Anyway, I knew that a gardener had some- thing to do with your plans," she replied airily, then she turned to the silent girl in the gloom. "You have met Jaspar, my dear, I know! He used to come to see me alone once, but. now he brings his dog as well. I suppose he imagines the yapping little creature will Prevent my trying to kiss him!" Stella smiled. She was glad of Lady Mary's easy flippant conversation. It helped her to 2onquer the momentary panic that had seized her at the sound of his voice. And she was till of a guilty gladness to see that he also ;iad been startled at meeting her. It was a fortnight since that meeting at L,ottie's, and though she had gone several times to see her, sne had never met him again, and she had been 'shamed of the depression that had gripped her when she had failed to see him.

"I have called to say 'good-bye' at last!" Tennant said, when they were all seated I gain. "The studio is empty of everything, and to-night Fifi and I seek a temporary ?mine at an hotel."

"For the dog's sake I ought to be glad," Lady Mary said, "but I am sorry you are go- ing to vegetate, Jaspar. You are too young to cultivate a waist.'"

"I am going to devote myself to everything into which a ' waist' will not enter," he ;nailed. "I have not given up• my quest, you know."

Stella looked at him with interested eyes. "Your quest? " she said, speaking for the first time.

He met her gaze for a moment. She wee tempting the faithless Fifi with a piece of ,iake, and on her white band blazed the in- :olent diamonds a Clifford Hawke.

"Yes," he replied, "I am bound by a pro- :nise to find the man who married my tister— the lady of the canvas for which Lofty was iifting, you know, and I have always let things :•Jrne in between me and my quest, but now am going to work hard and get at the truth."

"If you put it into a good detective's hande ;t should not take long," Lady Mary said briskly. "You promised to show us the papers and photographs that were sent you from Australia, but you never did!" . "And I am afraid I never shall now," he laughed ruefully; "they have been stolen from me. ' "Stolen! " both women exclaimed.

He nodded. "Yes, I found my drawer where I had kept them had been ransacked, and every Bingle proof taken away. It's the most extraordin- ary thing in the world, as nothing of any value was taken, and I had notes stuffed in another drawer.

"But have you no idea who did it? " Stella said.

"Not in the least. I did not know anyone but myself knew of their existence," he re- plied. "The day I discovered it " He paused suddenly. He remembered the day too well. It had been when she had come to the studio, and he had forgotten everything for one mad second before Clifford Hawke had taken her away. As their eyes met Stella flushed suddenly. Almost by a wave of tele- pathy she knew what the unfinished sentence was, and the memory of all it had meant rushed back upon her in a flood of regret and shame. -

"The only thing for you to do," Lady Mary broke in, "is to go to Scotland Yard." Tennant laughed. "I am going on there as soon as I leave here," he said, "but I must find someone to take care of Fifi. Poor little creature, I Alan. be going abroad after my stay in the country, and she will have to find a. new home.' .

"Let me have her," Stella said quickly. "I should love to have her—l have no dog of my own." "I should be delighted," he answered. "Fifi wouldn't know herself in such grandeur, ;f you really will have her." "Perhaps Mr. Hawke may not like you to 'lave a dog just yet, dear," Lady Mary sug- ;csted gently. "I shall not consult him," she answered with a touch of hauteur. "I will keep Fifi Always with me if M. Tennant will trust her with me." "There LI no (.7;"1 Rh" 19h9m. I. r-ould have

iiocn naa I been nekecl: lie saat quieny; 'my only fear is that Fifi will forget me all on quickly.' She looked at him with shining eyes. "I hall not let her do that," she said simply, 'and Fifi will be faithful to her first love, I :now."

"Fin will have to be shown among the other wedding presents with one of your cards on he collar round her neck, Jaspar !" Lady klary laughed, "she will create a new 'ashion in wedding presents." Stella flushed suddenly and darted a re- )roachful glance at her godmother. "Fifi shall be a personal friend—not a pre- :cut to be labelled and put in a cabinet like he others," she said gently, "and now I am fraid I must be off," she said rising. "May take Fifi with me or will she fret at first, lo you, think?" "I am afraid she might if she sees me leav- •ng, her," •he answered. "I can send her to 7ou though, Miss Traine." "I would rather you brought her," she said slowly. "Can you come to-morrow Ifternoon? Twill be alone."

His face flua-iTeil-: I 'NViII bring Fifi O you to-morrow, Miss Traine ;" he said, fter a pause, "a bone will make her forget ne for a moment. May I see you into the •arriage?" he went on; "I am also going low."

Outside by the kerb a great red car stood vaiting, and he recognised it at once. It vas the car in which she had gone away from 'he studio on that afternoon. It was, of •ourse, a present from Clifford llawke. "You mean that I may call with Fifi?" he laid in a low voice. She nodded.

"Yes, please, I shall expect you." Then for an instant her fingers rested in cool and soft, and il6 the car moved on with a sudden snort, she vanished from his -ager gaze. lie ran back into the house to say good- 'ye to Lady Mary. She was standing with a lace handkerchief in her hand.

"Stella has just left this behind," she said; 'you might take it with you When you call !Lo-morrow with the dog." Then aim her ihrewd old eyes met his she said gently, 3aspar, Jaspar, my dear boy, I'm ifraid you are very mad—but very human." Moved by a sudden impulse he gripped her hand.

"I love her!" he said hoarsely. "I have tried to keep it to myself. I'm only a penni- less artist, but I love her, and that chap isn't fit to touch her shoelace for all his money." "I know he isn't. But he is her future husband—only a few weeks now before she becomes his wife; but you can do nothing to stop it. Promise me, Jaspar, that you will not add to the burden that girl has to bear in the future?" she said earnestly. "I'm not a brute," he replied. "I am go- ing away to-morrow, but don't ask me to deny myself one last glimpse of Paradise be- fore I go!" Then in a different voice he went on, "May I leave Fifi here, Aunt Mary, while I go to Scotland Yard? I will call for her later on."

"Come back and dine," the said impul- sively. "I have a few interesting people coming in—one or two big. city magnates," she laughed. "What a pity you are not a, money-grubber, Jaspar, they might help you to become a financier."

"Thanks," he retorted gaily, "I'm afraid I have too much conscience to make a success in finance."

Half an hors later he had reached Scot- land Yard, and was ushered into a room where a quiet, gentlemanly looking man was sitting at a writing table covered with papers and rilans. It was Wellington Scafe, a detec- tive inspector of fame. After a few prelimi- nary remarks the detective said in a languid Voice: _ _

"Well, Mr. Tennant, I understood from your letter that you wanted me to find a man who came to London about twenty years ago or more, and deserted his wife? You said you had papers and other details to give me." "I had and have details," Tennant replied. "The man's name in Australia, when he mar- ried my sister, was John Ford—and that is the name they had in London, but as to the papers, including the half-finished sketch of the man done by my sister, I had them until a few days ago, when they mysteriously dis- ippeared from a drawer in my desk where they have been for years." "Disappeared!" the detective repeated, "and you don't know by what means. Do you suspect any one of the theft." No, I know of no one who knew the story, except one or two friends who were keenly interested in my finding this man. I am, of Course, awfully upset about the loss of them, because it makes it far more difficult for us to get hold of a clue." "On the contrary," was the quiet reply, "it makes it simpler, Mr. Tennant, because now we know that until the other day there was someone who was eager to get the papers, and who was in London, alive, and apparently well. I think that the first person to 'be found is the thief," he smiled ; "then we'll turn to the older affair. Have you left the studio yet?" "Yes, practically, and the furniture has gone to be stored, but will you come and look , at the place to-morrow? I have the keys, as the studio is still mine." The detective rose. "Yes, I will do that. And in the mean- time, Mr. Tennant, don't discuse your affairs with anyone. By the way, have you any idea what your sister's husband was when he left Australia?" - -

"Not the least, but he was poor, and hard up. I know so much. He had been trying his luck on the gold fields." When he left the office he felt glad that he had put the matter into competent hands, and then he dismissed it from his mind. He wanted to think about Stella and their meet- ing the next day, and he also wanted to buy some grapes and take them to lA)tty. As he made his few purchases, including a new sit- ver collar to be engraved for "Fifi," with the date of her acceptance by Stella, he felt sud- tlenlv conscious that he was being followed. lie jumped on to a Iu in riecaaniy, tnen looked behind. Yes, he had been right; he was being shadowed by the same man he had seen in the silversmith's and Benoist's—a yellow-faced Chinaman with black oblique eyes, and a slit-like mouth. (To be Continued.)

===== 0002601_19120302_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REANE HILL MIRACLE.

We give above a Picture of Miss Dorothy whose astonishing recovery from extreme illness has been regarded by her relatives and doctor as literally a miracle. She is twenty-two years of age, and has been bedridden for five years, and a fortnight ago lost her sight and hearing. Given up as hope-

less, her death was considered a matter of only a few hours, when suddenly she re- covered her sight and hearing, and walked and talked freely. She has been taken care of by an eminent physician, who is investi- gating her case.

: ...„ . „ .... .. . . .................... .„ .. . . . . .- . ' .."*4ANt ':: ...`4:'.1.!.•..;',.•••1.,:::',..:.::..:•::::.:....i•-::::::.:::...k.,......::•:::...i.:••:::::..':',,:iiiii'11ii.1.i:..i....:i.,:;:...*..•:.:..::..........::•::•:.:::::::::,..:.,::::1:....1...1:::::::::::„..........,.............:::-:::::::::::::.:::::... .„., 4,,ii,,.„&e:kii.!4'...4..,..,-..,....,-.1.,..,:t:?-...A.....1%,i,....::.%.:%;',..-:::::....f.:::1:•.;f:::::giktitik...........!.::..,........j.k::::?:::::::::.,.:....,::::..::::,:,.... :":'.••••••••••:'•::::::::::.':,:',.1::''.::':::::',1 ~.,,,,,...,.....,,,„3/4,,..........,:ip.,4;,4..!....:„.:4.4—.:i.:4..4411,:.,„,,,,.:-.%.,,,...,,,,....i4.....t...1.0z,.......,...,.....,igt:1.....1.04,Li55i4i.gig,:;.:.,,,,R....:,..:::::::::::,....,::::......:',:::::::.„.•:::::::::::::::::.g.....,:kiii1ti ...„:,„....,......:..,47.,..,,.......2.c........:::.t..„....:::... ....,..,:t„...............1::.,..„;,..:.0.0...4zki1ik.::::"1t4......t,:,..i...ii..,:„.,,:..x::::...„...i.::!:...•..,...::::::::....:.:,;.....„...:.....,,ti,,tagif0r.....: ": ...'•:..,:;iiitt'!:6l.l.p;:,:fli:s:: • ::,:Agyili.l9!"i").l4o.•:',.,;"..liiiiiii,ailleiltilifit • . ..::c.:111%.:0;',..„-:::::::::-,...----- ........,..;......,. .:.:-..i...kotfitierliks.l::44.:.::.i-7,...*.ti.1.1,105.1iair:,p ....„. ...,:...,........... ~. .. ...t.:5.:',.....i...,..:4:-....4it.Z......M.f.::.;';',..',..:4:••,-:'..,'ii• - ' -;'.?1.§.4*•:14.-.......1..i.:ft.'4....iii.4...-.4.....:::::::::• . ~:,....,,,,...vi'''';'......1.:•..,,,, •••••-.1 ' .••'. ••'...' -:1.:::•-:.....1a4,,,::-.;:::::........".;''."44%.;•••..I'.....il........0.,,,.....:;;•,.?:.1,•••••• : ' .......:-. , • .%.k.....ta444-.....01450....4,- ...A.41,V..,,',•;::,...:!i;;.iz...„,,..,. . . ,•f: -'...,::',....A....':.......,,,.71.!'5...1'i15t-!:•';';7'...'!!":::'. ....,.... keettlartklifPfA „..:•.i:•:.,44:...Aig55.::::>*t0,•,.., .........4.•-"..'' r. ...," •... -- ~2.i.;:.:. • '',..'•,...',.' •••••••••-...... (~....' k. 4i,,...,..• .i.,40.'i'.....::....g4‘14l •,....41%314,t.fti5.44!'„!...„..;-....:::::::••••::-....1 :,......!,`..?i,....•......:t;';40-11II:r:i;;I:- 72..1.* • ........-.4....,:qz,,,.;;,..,....t....:.i„.:.,-,A...,.....1......:1•.....,... -.....,:.,. ..,,-:..., .:.;•;,•.....:•.•:;.,,.,:::',. •••••••••,,, .'.', : ,;•:.',/ ~, . -- ~ ......;c:.,,, t..4-..' , .. , • ....,. , ' .....I.l' •••':.:::•'''''.....''''''''''.l:4....., • ••••• ...............,...... ....:1'...;.....,.....4.',.........::::.1 ..,,,,.-.......„? „. : ..,.., ..... , ~. ..1.,... .........•.: ..Z....:::'...f.',N....j,.••••-.1. . ' ''.•''..1.:1'.....::••••••:' .-....:,:y41..1.4.i...:• ..:::::::,..,:-...,,,,:i..........•:...,:f:.-:: .........xg::-...,..,1*, .• -,'..:31...:W........g.t.:...' . •••. .-.... ..-•.'---•.:',..•.-„:..........,•;:•. • ~...;..."....o'' '2, .k.... 1 ..., ' ''',.....1' ‘.:Ii::•:'-':::: - :.....,.:•,,. :':......''' ',... '''.•`l. ' . .4.-.linkr.... 0f....,7 '.1.....,:::••••••'.',.....:.:.;:.....:. ..'' ',.i...:•::....,i0.: . •-:::-....:: ...:.... -„7..;:.::::...p.,....'i::'..,..,''''kfA.' ':;',46...;'...:':''''''''.;::;.:',*' et , ...,,,......,„::::, , ~..........;:,..:,.............. ~/ . ..,., ~..,,i....,........fk ..,,-.1%,....:...:7' ' iso.7 ... '.:7'', % - ,••••••••••'•'":.."': '':- ' '...:•...-`4,, . : ...:•!:,..1/: .::- :...k.r.,....4,,., , ................g:o. ,:...,,,, .i!:;;;..-..--;,-:,,* fi,..,5.,. ~•-, ~ . ;?';',•i,..,..,,f......:',:-.....7.:......„... , . .•,. ..f.... :::..,...,7', .. ' •.,...,.,:,..,:..A.,...,...:::•,: :,,,....,, 4 ~,...,,f,:. ::,,,, .......„.,,.. .... ~..,.. . ........ . ........., ... 1ir.t.,,..1.i..1..i...h,11:11...,..,,...,::::.:... ~............",...:..,;.,:........„ .... ... ~....f,.,,..,;....,...,...,....1..............,. ~.„.....,...!....:..„....0"77...„,...„„.., ..:..... ~.... .:1.1.41t;::., ...:•:....: . . ~,....,..........:, . ‘''''..::.l".;;::.'.!:;.:i- ..••••••''' '.." •'.. or- ....... . ' " , ' • ..,..,,.(:. i:.!:•'''''' ...- ' ; • 4',.'4:•;...f5.::,.'' '. .. ..„ ... . ' ''....... ~...,......F.....,;,:,..-.-:-:::"..,...,,..:;,...•-•.• .•.'' ' -

===== 0002601_19120302_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
POOR CHILDREN'S TREAT.

EFFORT OF CROSFIELD'S WORK GM

How true is the saying that even the hardest heartei persons are softened by a child's appealing vice. 4i man can be the meanest, stingiest being alive !',4 let him hear a child's voice pleading for sornitlit'd and he is transformed into the meat benevolerit considerate of individuals. What a pleasure itor to be able to help those who are unable by eire°ot stances to help themselves, and the werkgirls Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Ltd., must delte an immense degree of satisfaction from the knowleld t bat thay have been instrumental in chcering7ol brightening the hearts f many poor children. lA, year the girls gave a free tea party a nd their tholg fulness was so greatly appreciated by the little of , that it was decided to hold a second furction similar kind this year. For weeks past, the dif,f with Miss Marsh at the head, have been kept in preparing the affair which t.mit place in the se°,o dining hall at the works on Saturday. On this eces:l.• 350 children were entett tined to tea consisting (t.-te, abundance of delicacies so dear to th e childish psd '0 How happy and grateful those children looke,o, they eagerly devoured ham sandwiches, sweet ea,"bf and the like. Their gratitude was only equall6u the joy which the girls who waited on their elebe need felt to think that they were responsible for la, happiness which was so conspi cucusly evidenee.,l The children prattled and laughed over the substoltr meal as if they had not a care in the world. A'rre they had satisfied their appetites the tables lied cleared and removed, and the large hall echoed 4•19 re•echoed with the laughter which the children Pith vent to as they indulged in various games along /°., their hostesses. llcevever,with everything there or ltle be an end, and to terminate the proceedings the fid • had happily thought of the idea of giving each 01".09 small present to take home. On the platfoClflll a huge Christmas tree lavishly dscked with fOus toys and other gals which Mrs. Henry Robert° 1;,,c1 Mrs. Kingdon distributed to the children as thel td out of the room. In addition each child recelyr.ry. bag of sweets from the hands of some of the work imrsi Mr. J. WILLETT proposed a vote of thanks to Roberts and Mrs. Kingdon for presenting the Pqs,,,a and also to the girls who gave the treat. He OW they would be aide to entertain more children ° year. (Applause). Mrs. ROBERTS suitable respmded and Contichwt ROBERTS moved a vote of thanks to the girls vvllo been in charge of the kitchen. He would like t(i/tb• at the same time how very much the directors 01 as firm were gratified by the interest the girls 1 ste't taking in matters of that kind. It was outside o'ol duty and they did it willingly. Ile lived tha..rt god feeling. which existed between the girls and 00 ) Marsh would continue for years to come. (Applatt°

===== 0002601_19120302_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
NO CHANGE FOR 4 YEARS.

Warrington Incident,

For years the Warrington opinion repeated has remained unchanged. lodeed, a four years ,„eal has served but to render it more full of encourage' than ever. Mr. J. Price lives at 46, Queen-street, -to* Warriell; He says:—" Four years ago I bad an awful att',l lumbago. I got up one morning in terrible Pltillood could scarcely get out of bed and dress mYsel'll the effort to g,?.t to work caused me to perspire, agony was I in. The wotk I was on was not 117,00 but it took me half-an-bout to do what I should4„r done in five minutes ; the torture Was almost tliliost able. The overseer asked what was wrong ~b 0 and when I told him he said I was not to work bed state. Then I set out for home, but how I reactlei there I do not know, and the perspiration fairly r° off me. "My arms were all VA 1 and the shoulders toOr hart no use in the-shoulders, of my body, my legi ode; powerless. The kidneY oaa tions were unnatural.,b too scalded. I got about eei sticks, and a neighbc.ur tbef me and asking what matter, said If you Otbor, / tell you, you'll get 0ff,:016, "sticks in a very short :0110' her advice was to try voc, Front a Photo. 'backache Kidney pills% son went for a box. I had not taken many utgbi' these before I could do without the sticks, sad '- a week I started work agatn. "Since then I've never been without Doall'eiPti,t! and I've never had any trouble with my baok. the pills at intervals, as it is well to be carefulthoe , do not want a time like that to occur again. Fin advised many to try Dan's Backache Kidne,sl4igoe" it is one of the pleasantest things I can do. Joseph Price.' 01 00 Nearly 4 years later, Mr. Price said :""" pleased to say I have never had any retail' 11 elor pains since I used Doan's pills; I take a so, tirvai of the medicine now and again. I shell praise it." r Vol' Price 2/9 a box, 6 bores 1319'0f altalley*, Foster-McClellan Co. 8, Wells-st , Oxford-at., 91- Vito Don't ask for backache and IC idney TINCTLY for DOAN S Backache Kidney same as Mr. Price had.

4 vai UNION OF LANCASHIRE AND Ae" INSTIIUTES. At the monthly meeting of the Council it was ilfor„ti that 125,036 papers had been requisitioned for coming examinatione, as compared with 125,18%100°0 and 112,105 in 1910. The details of the ot"ic, are as follows :—Larguages end literature 'ooo'l merce, 15,783 ; science, 731 ; handicrafts,' 660 0101 338 ; domestic, 20,631 ; rural course, 574 ; teaod"re course, 39,346 ; commercial course, 35,395 • art 0 sce 439 ; domestic, course, 6,690. The above ii.gulefole°4o exclusive of any entries for exatninations io hold (for stages and subjects in which the examinatto ~d been withdrawn by the Board of Educatioo)o7o drr, regard to which the Union's requisition bee° 0 fo° on March 21. A letter was received fro rs tbigese°o master General stating that, so far as ,t 1,1. cession was concerned, he would acooP4 -„"ertits,7 issued by the Union in the subject of electricity in in place of those hitherto Wiling Id, Board of Education, if the Union ill conclue,,ditil'sa examination was prepared to fulfil certain c°l:erre The Council considered that the conditions 04, were such as might reasonably be complied Wl` „oil es°e" 'LINSEED COMPOUND' with warm water is slot, gargle for Sore Throat, Colds, Coughs, M.—

r, MR. J. PRICE.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
..... .. .‘ -,.. F • .. • . IF • DISTRICT PI W 5 v ~ ~,_____, _..

Moore. s GCILD FESTIVAL.—In connection with the above, on ~-,uadaY last special sermons were preached in the vesleyan Chapel by the Rev E H Jackson, of Grange- aver-Sands, and on the Monday evening following the E H Jackson lectured on " Holiday Reminiscences, Z' at Home and Abroad." Mr R H Me!drum presided it. ovvier a very good audience • the lecture was illustrated a",n, ,d th an unusually large number of excellent lantern a flea' Vi including a very beautiful set of the English see rkes e District. A very warm vote of thanks to Mr r enacrck29n (who had lectured under difficulties us he was C"ar,lng from a slight throat affection) was proposed "Y Miss Dutton, to whom many of the scenes described Ste quite familiar, more especially those of Italy; and ..,conded by Mr Evans. Messrs F Wilkinson and J H N,artwright were in charge of the lantern. Orford. ATFT:'‘'ERAL OF MR. JAMES MATITER.—The funeral of z„r• James Mather whose death occurred after a week's .:„laess,. after undergoing an apparently successful trration for appendicitis at the Manchester hospital, be?k place on Monday afternoon: A short service was oid M Orford Church conducted by the Rev. G. Vale cew,:a; and aftarward; the cortege proce.eded to the pb,—„e'etY, where the body was placed in its last resting ieq.he chief mourners were :—The Widow, Messrs Mas":'aer, J Mather and P Mather (brothers), Mrs fro and Mrs Jepson (sisters). Wreaths were sent tra. 'Carters," " Fellow Workmen." The Widow, Njrej and Pollie' " "Sam and Annie," Mrs Connor, De r,—,n,nrne " Annie and Joe," `, Ellen and Joe," Mrs So;i " Jim and Lizzie Burrows," Jack and Mr and Mrs White, Mrs Ellison and Family, ThlD—"ain House," Latchford," Polly and Jack," and pn a 'Mount," Orford. The carriers were Messrs J "553', W Dean, J Tomlim, J Massey.

Padgate. tcrise Gutr,D.—An event which has been looked tiree rd to with pleasurable anticipation for some °lt lijot°°k place in connection with the Wesley Guild u. 'l,air evening. We refer to the visit of the Rey. Mers„tchell (Vicar of Burtonwood). The Rev. E. hos."'"° Presided and the large audience included several Tesi,,-ersbers. The subject was " Food Reform and the rite "!'rance Question." As a vegetarian of 17 years' ado) erp„. g the lecturer was able to give many interesting diet.'l%,llees of his personal experiments in fruitarian Oneh; Ile said there were three diseases dreaded by Proe.'n;,--consumption, cancer and appendicitis and he the 'sued to show that these diseases seldom troubled Ilseh reetarian. Alluding to his contention that the r nit is responsible for a great deal of druoken nev tins av• gentleman said that although he had made enquiries from persons likely to know, he had who r Yet either observed or heard of a non-flasher ' eat, at the same time was a drunkard. The lecture was theqvened by many humorous and witty remarks, and ht,„.aPPIaSSO which punctuated it testified to the eur,,est arou.ed.—A hearty vote of thanks was passed Lee:,..a proposition of Mr. A Ward seconded by Mr. it. A and th song by Miss Appleton was well received brono, e" Benediction pronounced by Mr. Mitchell p,rt a highly interesting meeting to a close. Pia:ENT ATION.—A short time ago the courteous and soree J.' station master, Mr Newton, was removed at of Go"ust short notice to the more important station whietll:3o. It was felt at that time by many friends, lairs, thee iteniality of Mr Newton had obtained for Preseutetda°4l,,e token of their appreciation might be "day eye '?nbscriptions were invited and on Thurs- 'neetibps in the waiting room Mr Newton attended a bis well-wishers. Mr Gorton made the Ottoe;-:„"On of a pair of silver vases and a Chesterfield %talties i -•—• Several other gentlemen spoke of the good ate. of Mr Newton. On behalf of the stell at the ee4 orn S Clark presented Mr Newton with a case of qu Mr Newton responded and said that he was SR2prised to receive such a fine present. then, Nurtsixo AssoctArloN.—ln aid of the funds of rime radgaie District Nursing Association a rummage Therwas held in the Church House on Friday last. fet. 2,W55 a crowded attendance and the commodities utt2,ale soon changed hands. The refreshments sup- SO played an important part in contributing "ards the £l3 realised. iinketb. Titi• ' .RITISII AND F SOCIETY.—A °""N Bint:RoiSet?y"wFas held Ilsnecessful meeting of the abovek:toh %Nile Wesleyan Day Sehools Fen on Monday httu 4g, as given by the Rev J. 0. Houghton B.A.fion Presided over by Mr. James Aitken. A lantern i i Turk and his Bible " illustrated by some ,uelic SI Constantinople, Stamboul, Scutari, the AO gi;," Horn etc The collection amounted to .£2. Bs. id. a brief report of her work in the district, Mrs the 17,.," intimated that it was her 35th year of having for i'hru'r to collect or the Society. Subscriptions s Year reach £l4. Os. tid. G, '• GE CHRISTIAN SERVICES SECTION.— e'nesday evening in the Wesleyan schools? the %tillers were favoured with a visit from the National .14a Horne and Orphanage (Frodsham Branch). Net; ldren, under the charge of Mr White and Sister gratatuegaYe an excellent entertainment. The pro- action 00 cluded solos, skipping, scarf drills, and :ad to thngs, and great credit is due to the little ones -a Pei fe„,0,58 who had taken such pains in training them Y. Mr White, who is the schoolmaster at t„-nbe neT,' gave an interesting speech on the good work Oh 'ne d how it enabled girls and boys I`oo.ailir'ea better start and in life, and gave instances of v.` tlis atul many young men and women to-day were uelP they bad received. Mr J. G Withinshaw rtasist:ntiairman and Sister Netty was the accom- .° the he hest thanks of the meeting was accorded - visitors for their interesting programme. I• '-tE,:IAN SEND CV SCHOOL CONCERT.— number 41,14"a11°r -T4 'of the -hove school, with the assistance of Pride' 'r'ends, gave a concert in the Wesleyan sohool sYLeven i ing of last week, n aid of the Building • '''s, concert was presided over by Mrs. Dodds t " by the scholars giving an item entitled -vro .isherman's Chorus." Miss Clatworthy gave • ,eibt,sl,ld,nline solos ; Mr A W Clatworthy was the ; Mr II Carman played two tenor horn 4ren„Pwipecitstiolls were given by Mr Kerr and songs by Mr Ellison of Messrs W Foden and N Ray, and "r*li -"sses G Bell and M Routledge very tably ths seen ,tendered a quartette entitled " imlut Part of the entertainment was taken up by f";ll44erCats giving an operetta called "The school :' which ep d seri tive of school life. The "a• rina.'"g were the characters :—E Baker, Queen ; F Perl4l„; PunetUality • ' N Leigh, tardy scholar •,F Bates, eslier4ance; A Bates quarrelsome scholar; E Dawson, Zcnneeit,..Y ;F Davidson, first scholar ; F Hampson, iteair er:i'Qtar ' ' D Baker, third scholar. The conductor °armn s and ireat credit is due to him and pareotchniars for the excellent way the operetta was l'atiiet.tned• Miss F Moores ably acted as the accom-

',Ol ",4 gi'

===== 0002601_19120302_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath.

WESLEYAN CONGREGATIONAL TEA.—The annual con- gregational tea was held in the schoolroom on Thursday when a large number of members of the congrega- tion and friends sat dowo. to a most substantial tea which was exceedingly well served by the following ladies : Mesdames Deakin, Ashen, Whitfield, Wilcock- son, Bishop, Clarke, Dutton, and Miss Turner, to whom a hearty vote of thanks was proposed by Mr Gill and reconded by Mr Brereton. At 7.30 a grand concert was given, arranged by Mr F E Penketh, Rev W A Beckett presiding. The chapel choir under the conductorship of Mr Penketh contributed a number of glees in a most creditable manner. Songs were nicely rendered by Misses E Jones, E Dutton, May Isherwood, Madam Lily Fairhurst, Messrs. A Forster, Levi Richardson and Cl Gough. A duet by Misses Isherwood and Woods was exceedingly well given. Mr H Webb contributed a solo on the euphonium with pleasing effect, whilst the recitals of Miss E Mosten of Lymm were greatly appreciated. Considerable humour was introduced by a laughing chorus given by the NI ale Voice Choir and a Yorkshire reading by Mr. Charles Wilcookson. The programme was exceptionally interesting and had it not been that the many items prevented any encores being allowed, judging by the applause given most of the artistes would have been recalled. Mr J Foster proved a most efficient accompanist.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Lymm.

FREE Cl-11TRCIT SERVIC E.—The united monthly ser- vice under the auspices of the Free Church Council was held in the Independent Methodist Chapel, Cherry-lane, on Thursday evening,when Mr. W. Mort gave an address on " Christ, the Life Bringer." POULTRY-BREEDING.—AS reported in our last issue Mr. H. Paget Easten, lecturer to the Cheshire County Council's College of Agriculture and Horticulture, Holmes Chapel,gave a discourse on the 22nd inst. on the various systems of houses used in poultry keeping. He also spoke on the different foods used. On Thursday he continued his course of lectures by dealing with the subject of the commonest diseases among poultry, the symptoms, causes and treatment. He concluded his interesting and instructive series by an address on " Insect pests, preventatives and cures." His lucid explanations to the questions raised were most satisfactory. _ _

COMPLIMENTARY CO NCERT. Ex-Acting-Sergeant Thomas White, at present living at the local telephone call .office, is a well known Lymm resident and since his affliction of ten years ago,when he became paralysed much public sympathy has been expressed on his behalf. Recently his eyesight commenced to fail and now we regret to say that he is nearly blind. Being a popular man this new calamity has touched the public com- passion all the more, with the practical result that every seat at the concert held on his behalf in the Congregational schoolroom on Wednes- day night last, was occupied. Mr J H Holt competently filled the office of chairman. Mr Evans, a blind gentleman of Chester,;opened the programme with a pianoforte solo. Mr. J. Lewis, another blind artist of Wrexham, sang "The tourna- ment." Mr. R. Hillier gave the coon song "Mamie May" in quite his usual style and Mr. Garrett, from Runcorn, another gentleman who bad also lost his eyesight, very satisfactorily rendered "The little hero." The humorist for the evening was Mr. Smith, of Man- chester, whose patter and songs were enthusiastically applauded. Messrs. Hughes and Lewis, two blind gen tlemen, pleased the audience with their pianoforte duet. Mr. Scott Joynt's flee bass voice was heard to advantage both in his piece "Out en the deep" and the encore. Miss Ball of Warrington, sang' May morning" in her pleasantest manner, earning loud applause and encore. After a short interval Messrs. Hughes and Evans played a pianoforte duet, the skilful performance •of which secured a well deserved encore.—As several of the artistes had to catch the train the chairman asked Mr. Gotobed to propose a vote of thanks. In doing so Mr. Gotobed said the originator of the concert was Mr. Evans, the blind pianist to whom all honour was due. Mr. Rogerson seconded the proposition which was received with hearty applause. Mr. Garrall sang " The King's Own "after which Miss Ball contributed "Sunshine and Butterflies." , The rendering of the well-known duet " Excelsior " by Messrs. Garratt and Lewis quite captivated the audience. Mr. Smith then gave a further supply of mirth. Mr. Scott Joynt contributed" My old Shacko," after which Mr. Lewis sang "My Dreams." Mr. IL Hillier's song proved to be one that suited the popular taste, for some of the young seen at the back of the room kindly provided an obligato to the chorus. The proceedings terminated with the National Anthem. The duties of accompanists were capably filled by Miss Brundrett and Messrs. Evans and 11. Saville. Mr. White is desirous of expressing his heartfelt thanks to all who so kindly came forward to his assistance. LIBERALISM IN THE ALTRINCHAM DIVISON. At the annual meeting of the Altrincham Liberal Association on Saturday, Mr W E Thompson stated that for some time a committee had been at work for the purpose of selecting a candidate to be submitted for the approval of the association. Arrangements were made, he said, to place a candidate in the field in the event of Mr Kebty-Fletcher resigning owing to the state of his health—as appeared at one time likely—but the Liberal Association hoped that the member was now so far recovered that he would retain the seat until the General Election. Mr John Alfred Morris, was elected president, Mr W E Thompson was re-elected chairman of the Executive Committee, and Mr F Milne was appointed hon. aec.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting of the Lymm Urban District Council was held at the offices on Thursday evening. There were present:—Mr 0 0 Smith (in the chair), Rev U B Thurston, Messrs G L Welford, W G Groves, F Lockyer, R 11 Gotobed, S Davies, W Mullard (clerk), W L Donaldson (gas manager),Dr EM deJong (medical officer), and D Mort (surveyor).

===== 0002601_19120302_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW CLUB -HOUSE.

The plans of a Club House to be built by Mr. Bass, of Oughtrington, were passed, subject to the owner giving land to the full extent of his frontage, to make the road 181 t. wide from the centre when called upon by the Council.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
REPAIR OF ROADS.

The main road co—u"tia—c7f;; th;—re—p-air and mainten- ance of roads during the year 1912-13 was signed.

STABLES AND CARTSIIED. The tender of Messrs Henry Thomason and Sons, of Oughtrington, for the building of stables and cartshed jr the yard adjoining the Council offices, according to plans and kpecifications prepared by the surveyor, was accepted. _

HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT. The Medical Officer of Health, in his annual report, gave the following interesting information :—The births registered in 1911 were 11l (61 males and 47 females, the birth-rate being 222. The average for the five years 1900-11 was 118, with a rate of 238. The deaths during 1911 were 61, 10 of which were registered outside the district. The death-rate per 1,000 was 122, the average for the five years 1906-11 being 13% Of the 61 deaths, 31 (over 50 per cent), were of persons 65 years of age and over. In 1911 there were four deaths of infants under 12 months, giving an infantile death- rate of 36 per 1,000. The average rate for the past five y!ars was 89 per 1,000 the average for other Urban districts of Cheshire being 102 per 1,000.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

CCNSERVITIvES V. LIBERALS.—TIIis interesting match took place at the Liberal Club on Wednesday, and the keenness of the games may be judged from the fact that the Conservatives were victorious by a majority of two. At the close congratulatory speeches were made by Councillor Wilkinson and Mr. E. A. Sanders on behalf of the Liberals end were acknow- ledged by. Mr. H. Collin and Mr. T. Horrabin, of the Conservatives. Tbe evening was an exceedingly pleasant one. Scores : CONSERVATIVES. LIBERALS. IR Ellis lOO H Littlewood ' T Cooper lOO S Littlewood H Bennett T Lawrence H Parkes lOO W Ford H Collin T Horrabin, capt R Straw lOO E A Sanders. capt .-- 93

HOWLEY TANNERY 'V PARISI! CHURCH INSTITUTE. AL Howley. Score : .1 Yuile H Betley 54 C P Day lOO W H Hunter ............... 100 F Carman W Morgan 6l W H Harrison .7 Pritchard 9l H Evans lOO J Rigby F Lunt B7 T C Yates P Ford 56 P Clarke lOO -- 767

605 Majority for Institute 162 FRIENDLY MATCH. WARRINGToN SOCIALIST SOCIETY V. F WRIGHT'S TEAM. Scores : W.S.S. F wRIGAT'S TEAM. Shaw lOO Cann Ridyard fledley lOO Wright Wilkinson lOO Wallington Webster Lowe lOO Whitely 73 Helsby lOO Clegg 3O 360

663 Majority for W.S.S. 163

===== 0002601_19120302_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS COUNTRY RUNNING

THE SOLDIERS' MEMORIAL. BATTLE OF PIETERS HILL COMMEMORATED. Memories of the anxious days of the South African War were revived on Tuesday, the twelfth anniversary of the battle of Pieters Hill, in which the men of the South Lanca- shire Regiment added lustre to the great record of the old "fighting fortieth." It was that decisive victory which opened the way for the relief of Ladysmith, and put new hopes into the hearts of millions who were daily thinking of the fate of the beleaguered garrison. The South Lancashires, amid an incessant hail of bullets, dashed up the hill with fixed bayonets and carried the position at sunset. But the victory had its melancholy as well as glorious aspect. The enemy's fire wrought great havoc in the ranks, and one of the first to fall was the beloved Colonel McCarthy O'Leary, an intrepid leader and the idol of his men. Every year, as the anniversary of Pieters Hill comes round, reverent tribute is paid to the memory of the Colonel and the many men from Lancashire who gave their lives in the campaign. On Tuesday the soldiers memorial in Queen's Gardens was once more decorated with beautiful wreaths, and during the day many military men and civilians visited the spot to pay silent homage to the gallant dead. Wreaths came from the following :—" In memoriam from the Sergeant-Major,Staff Sergeant and Sergeants of the 4th Battalion P.W.V. South Lancashire Regiment, Warrington " ; "From the officers, non-commissioned officers and men of the depot, South Lancashire Regiment " ; " South Africa 1900-1901. In memoriam, Ist Volunteer Co. Ist South Lancashire Regiment, Captain F. M. Appleton " ; "From the officers 2nd Battalion South Lancashire Regiment " ; "In memoriam, from Lieutenant-Colonel J. D. Fairclough and officers 4th Battalion South Lancashire Regiment " ; " In memory of Lieutenant-Colonel William McCarthy O'Leary and the brave men who fell with him on the 27th February, 1900. Sent by Mrs. McCarthy O'Leary " ; "From the officers, warrant officers, non-commissioned officers and men of the 2nd Battalion P.W.V. South Lancashire Regiment."

I ' ,„.• . . • , [ -.. iiii; --' '' - ',',.,•.- i ~.. ...1,ii...'....,' • ... -.. .''''...' , '' ' ' ' ' •-'-'... • ' - ..... .. ..... . . . ... . . .. .. ...... . ... . . .„ ...,. , „ , . .......,.. ~ .... . . , ... .... . . . ..';''''''''..itt;'.Cii.',;;.,.i.,.•:::'i*:::,;•..;-:,.; ::::.1:Ei.5:::.;;;g:;•iii:iill:§i'..::::..1...:::::::,:...:::,:ji:14.,e„.„:::‘ ..• ~ ..... '.' s , . ~.-.!",!:•,,.:..R,.,:444•.'".",.%'.',..4i....',:ci.:''''''''''.':---V.c4,...:.,..-(•;-2;'.•:i....':',..71' . . • ' ...-....,::..." "...,.....i.iktr,.::::...'-'..'.?:'•:.;•!:,-i.',7.:..7.--:....:•'''.........."'..;:a,:,,,,.;7 • NV.' - ~.,„ - ;:. ~':,,,,,...: -,....,.1.1 ~.; 7, , .4 , ~,, . ~ 111/1111 ..!.1'... .P';‘,.:04...1f....'t!'•.:.;'.. '' .:..:1!‘",.:...:',#.';'.... ',,s't 'ISZ. ' ' . • ':ll4.i.4;tsitipt, 1.)40 •.!..:'. 7-:..2,•'''''.:',.., 4.2. .- •.-':::': •if . <..> . : . . '.' ',• .V,64.' ~.:' ..410, .:;'&t. .':!4.::.:::::.::::4 '' '12.-,:..: e.' . 4 4'.; ".J '.t..Zii.E;;;...,:i•<.:iji4t.:.:T.l NiZet,-,;„..„..:::,i::-..•,...:..„7„. ~;.;„d.?:!.:' • . '.% ~4 ''' 4. , ''': ' ~ , ,•',...,, ' • ' ....10;;4.7 ' •.' '''''...." ,•7•:••••'''' . '. ','' 1 .. :::','::!... :. ~; : . ''' . , , 4• . ~:.. . Alt , ' ~'..•,:..'.'..:4,(4Ct i,.''-'4'..gr'.f4.:4•'!,,x...,....:,...• ~:a.. . it*.vio, -.., ',,,,--,. . 4fisr- .. bi, I: . , n ...-. i ~ ~ .., lii , ~,.-.?•*,,,,,,,,.,. ~ . • ', , ... ' . .. :,..* ' . . . : sq.:4'. ~..,L..'4. 4.... ~ !°4,44,f lir N', .I', ftilt#4,o, ,ilitt:c ' -•• ' ' ?F.' '..‘' ~ . . ''N'AlLOP''''''''''.':',.:44:'.:,,,,' "'lb,' '''.i.,;: :- 'P'•: V"' . '''. 4;iir .7•St.t, ~, *e., ' 4 • '. ,: ',41;?, - ''' ' '. • .1' ''''''''':' ''..''',';::'''• ' ..i'''' ' ' '..,;..):, . ' '''''''ltt ; '!, •.' - „ -4', te'' ..,kZ.'h ' •k''. 4 4.* N' ' `"Y ' ....'''' '''''' .• plin it -..1 ,111.1•-, " -k-,,,, ...*,... . . 4.-,. ;,.......,. c. .„, . ' '4,.',".1.7'r5i-- ..,,..*:,.•-•',...:.:1.,..1.111 . :.,,,,,,:ta!',.•;-.,.:.:,.,.. .!:.... .......„ .:. . „ . .....,.., ....• ;, Photo, L., S. .If..

===== 0002601_19120302_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

WHO ARE MEMBERS OF THE CHURCH OF' It is a long time since Warrington audiences have ENGLAND? been mystified as they have been at the Hippodrome LORD WOLMER'S QUESTION IN THE during the week. Linga Sie.gh has introduced a COMMONS. bewildering series of illusions in a remarkable manner In the House of Commons on Wednesday Viscount Wolmer (Newton, C) had A question on the paper to ask including the sensational creation "The Bride of the ei. Ganges," a baffling production. What has bellied the thePr nie Secretary Minister whether, beaflore appointing the audiences more than anything was the scene in which toomk steps toascaesrtal wasCaommmemisbieornoefrqee Church of England, in view of the declaration to that the body of a woman was thrust into a small isolated oven and in a few seconds the oven is opened effect required of each member of the Commission under and nothing remains only " a few charred bones.' Statute C and 7 William IV., c. 77. The audience on Monday night were too spell-bound Mr. M'Kenna said he understood tbe bon member had to give way to loud and prnlonged applause, but their beviis raTaunetstedaito postpone tbe qcestion. appreciation was written largely on their perplexed W mer : Are we to understand that the gri ht bon gentleman reouires the Prime Minister countenances. That is the impression an illusionist to tell him whether be is a-member of the Church of likes to leave and surely all patrons of the Hippodrome England or not? (Ministerial cries of" Oh ! ") will wonder for weeks to come " how is it done " ? Mr. M'Kenna : It is a very difficult legal question In addition to this great attraction George Newborn who is and who is not a member of the Church of appears with many impersonations of star artistes, England. (Laughter, and hear, bear). noti know , himself? including Sheridan, Whittle, Lauder, Lashwood and Viscount Wollner : Does the right hon. gentleman many other equally popular variety stars. He soon gained well-earned appreciation and as an encore gave r Whenna :I am rather disposed to think lam a member of the Church of England, who habitually takes Lew Lake and Bob Morris in the Bloomsbury advantage of the Toleration Act and other statutes Burglars. Brothers Durant create much laughter in (Ministerial cheers). their comedy acrobatic turn and show them- Viscount Weimer : On that legal quibble— selves to be artistes of the first order. Adam The Sneaker : The noble lord will tie better advised Tomlinson keeps the audience in convulsions with his to put his question down. (Ministerial cheers). clever patter, which he continues for a lengthy period. Unlike many other patter comedians, he turns out quite new and up-to-date gags, which is so much better than hearing a yarn which was told when we were children. Chrisste Drumley is a clever dancer, and received a good share of applause for her interpre- tation of an intricate Spanish dance. St. George and Dayne appear with equal success in song, chatter, music and dancing, and in addition " Birthday Present is shown on the cinematograph. NEXT WEEK'S GREAT ATTRACTION. "THE ARCADIANS." Few plays of recent date have made such a " hit " as "The Arcadians," the instantaneous success achieved in London being the forerunner of the verdict in the provinces. That the public know a good thing is proved by the continued popularity of this charming musical comedy, which makes a special visit to the Hippodre.me on Monday next for six nights only, at

• ' - • • Z.li S. • . \efl AeOlk 441 Avi: "

===== 0002601_19120302_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
MISS KITTY PEEL AS "SOMBRA."

7.30 p.m. Messrs. Arthur Hart and Leslie Moreton are sending avery strong company, who are all of the best and the brightest. It includes that well-known comedian Mr. E. Statham Staples, late of the Whituey Theatre, London, and who has been specially engaged to play the dual role of " Mr. Smith " and " Simplicitas," aid whose singing and dancing are sure to be greatly 'admired. Mr. Staples will introduce the new song to the Arcadians, "All Down Piccadilly," which has a novel dance with full chorus. Mr. Gilbert Child (who has just returned from New York, having played the part of "Peter Doody " for over 200 nights in the States with Mr. Charles Frohman) will be found delightfully funny as the melancholy jockey. The cast will also include Miss Kitty Peel as " Sombra." The Arcadian Queen of Song, Miss Zoe Gilfillan as " Mrs. Smith," Miss Dorothy Clancy as " Chrysea " and Miss Ettie Critchley is sure to be greatly admired as :" Eileen Cavanagh," the lively lush girl, with a bit of a brogue. Mr. Harry Clark will figure as "Jack Meadows " and Mr. Cyril Delevantie as " Bobby." There will be new scenery, new songs and new dresses, making" The Arcadians" the most charming and up-to-date musical comedy visiting the provinces. A full chorus and orchestra will be under the direction of Mr. W. T. Damont. The play is produced for Messrs. Hart and Moreton by Mr. Robert C. Harcourt. Seats can now be booked at the Hippodrome or by phone No. 500.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

s I

===== 0002601_19120302_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WOMAN WHO WAS.

There comes a time to woman when she realises that the age approaches when she will no longer be capable of motherhood. For the moment her suffer- ings are great. But soon she will be no longer a woman in the full sense. She will be "the woman who was." During all her life she has had to suffer. It is sad to think that all this suffering has been, if she only knew, avoidable. For there is a simple, painless medicine which will give her peace and healing now in this extremity, but which would, if she had only known of it, have spared her all the sufferings of her past, from girlhood, through wifehood and mother- hood to middle age. It is Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, which at every age so soothes and relaxes the female organs that it is a boon and a blessing to every woman who has used it. 'lbis can be obtained from any chemist, or post free from The Lady Manager, c/o Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., 42a, Hampstead-road, London, N.W.,for 2s. 9d., or large size 4s. 6d. Mrs. Pinkham's world renowned book of private advice will be sent free of all charge from the same address, but strictly to women only.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

THE LATE MR. WILLIAM TYRER.

The funeral teok place on Monday afternoon at Anfield Crematorium of Mr. William Tyrer, of Rock House, itainhill, solicitor and registrar of St. Helens, Prescot, and the Widnes county courts. Previous to the cremation, a service was held in Prescot Parish Church. . _ .

Mr. Tvrer had been staying at Llandudno in the hope of benefiting in health, having suffered for many years from bronchitis, but owing to the cold winds which prevailed, he contracted a chill, and pneumonia developed, which resulted in his death last Thursday. to the deep sorrow of all who knew him. He leaves a widow, with whom widespread sympathy has been expressed. In the public offices held by the deceased he won the esteem of all with whom he came in con- tact, and was looked upon as a man of high dignity and charming personality. In his younger days he was a keen cricketer and a good shot, and outdoor sports of all kinds found in him a hearty supporter. Among those present at the Crematorium on the arrival of the remains were the Rev G Swainson, Messrs D Laing Beckett, J Halliwell, E Hickson, %V Case and J J Dukes.

LECTURE BY FATHER HAYDEN. CANTERBURY, PAST AND PRESENT. In an historical lecture on "The Coming of St. Augustine," at Lowe House Schools, St. Helens, on Tuesday night, Father Hayden, S.J., bade his bearers to try to picture tbe extreme bewilderment of the first Archbishop of Canterbury listening, could he return to earth, to the " charge" ef the present claimant of that title on the occasion of his annual visitation the other day at Maidstone. His grace, whose Pallium, no doubt, Augustine would like to inspect, after hearing certain startling sentences, took the opportunity to warn the Protestant parents of his diocese, and, presumably, of his province, against the practice of sending their children to Roman Catholic schools. And why ? Just because they might pick up a belief in the real presence and the supremacy of the Pope ; might come to venerate relics, ascribe some supernatural virtue to holy water, and regard, without due horror and repugnance, several other doctrines and practices, all of which St. Augustine would, of course, instantly recognise as doctrines and practices of the Universal Church brought from Rome to England by himself and his companions, and maintained and cherished by the Church he founded for nearly a thousand years—that was to say, till Henry VIII., as Dr. James Gairmer puts it, "took the bold and unprecedented step . . repudiating Papal jurisdiction, and making himself supreme head of tbe Church in his own kingdom."

===== 0002601_19120302_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN BRIDGE.

UNSATISFACTORY WORKING.

A deputation from Widnes Corporation has visited Middlesborough to inspect the new transporter bridge. The deputation consisted of Alderman F Neil (Mayor of Widnes), Alderman S Owens (chairman of the Finance Committee), the Town Clerk of Widnes, Mr Henderson, the general manager of the Widnes and Runcorn transporter bridge and Mr Basil Mott, C.N., of Westminster, London, the consulting engineer of the Widnes Corporation. It is stated that the Widnes and Runcorn transporter bridge has worked unsatisfactorily of late and Mr Mott has been called in to advise the Widnes Corporation as to the reconstruction of the working arrangements. Before finally deciding the question, however, it was agreed to send a deputation to inspect the recently constructed bridge at Middlesborough.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
A WOMAN'S AIM.

Ellen Doyle, of Water-street, Runcorn, was 'charged on Monday, with having assaulted Mary Jackson, of Brunswick-street. Mrs. Jackson, whose face was covered with sticking-plaster, said that on Saturday afternoon the prisoner threw a saucepan at her, which hit her on the jaw, causing a wound that had to be stitched. The prisoner said the saucepan missed its mark when first thrown, and the complainant seized it and beat her about the head with it. She threw it a second time, and got home on the complainant's jaw. Sarah Lloyd, Cooper-street, said the saucepan was thrown three times. The prisoner also hurled a plate at Mrs. Jackson, which she avoided by bending down. Then the prisoner got a poker out of the house and threatened to brain the complainant with it. The bench dismissed the case.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural District Council was held on Tuesday afternoon at Dutton Workhouse, with Mr Thomas Wright in the chair.

STRETTON SEWERAGE. A meeting of this Committee was held on the 16th inst. The question of the desirability of sewering the Parish of Stratton was discussed and the Committee pointed out to the representatives of the various estates that it would not be possible in view of the small assessable value of the parish to provide a scheme at the expense of the rates, and if the owners desired a scheme it would be necessary for them to jointly contribute such a sum as would be sufficient to construct the works. Mr. Melville undertook to recommend a contribution from the Lyon Estate equal to one-half the cost of such a scheme as would embrace the whole of Higher Stretton. Messrs. Gandy, Sankey, Westbrook, and Dr. Bower also undertook to recommend contributionsfrom the estates in which they were interested. The Com- mittee resolved to take the question of It sewerage scheme into consideration and to call a further meeting at an early date. The report was adopted. APPLETON WATER SUPPLY. _

scheme

Mr Bridge i;;;e7l6-a.t the Warrington Water Main should be continued by Appleton across Pepper-street and by the village school and cease. It was decided that the Council enter negotiations for the main to be continued from Dorothy Farm, Stretton, to a point opposite Thorn Brow Farm. RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at Dutton on Tuesday afternoon, Mr. Joseph Spruce presiding. THE LATE MR. FRODSHAM. The Chairman at the commencement of the meeting, touched on the death of Mr. John Frodsham who had for some time been a collector for the Board. It was decided that a letter of condolence be sent from the Bosrd to the widow. THE CHILDREN'S HOME. The Local Government Board wrote with reference to the use of Dutton Lodge as a home for children that upon being furnished with a definite assurance from the Guardians' legal adviser that there were no exceptions, reservations, restrictions or restrictive covenants affecting the property or interfering with its free use for the purpose intended, the Board would be prepared to authorise the hiring of the premises by the Guardians. A memorandum was attached respecting minor altera- tions and the Guardians amended their previous recommendations that a brick wall be constructed as a division between the boys and girls' quarters, but adhered to the proposal that a butler's pantry be included in the plan. THE WORD "PAUPER." The Bedwelty Union (Mon) sent a copy of resolution passed at their last meeting stating that in their opinion the time had arrived when the word "pauper " should not be used when speaking of the chargeable poor of this country. Mr. Linaker (jun) said he would like to know what name they were going to substitute. There was no suggestion of an alternative. Mr. Walter Morris : What next? What with con- certs in prisons we shall soon have Utopia. Mr. Linaker (sen) said the word " pauper " was a most offensive one and in some cases was very undeserved. Mr. Baxter said tbat the word had a deterrent effect on the undeserving poor. Alderman Norman: .1 hope Mr Baxter does not sug- gest that all the poor are undeserving. The Clerk pointed out that the word was very rarely used except in resolutions. There was no official designation for poor persona. The Board decided to support the resolution. COMPULSORY DETENTION OF TIITHISICAL CASES. The Stockport Union asked the Board's consideration of a resolution passed by them that it was desirable that further powers should be conferred upon Boards of Guardians enabling them to detain persons suffering from pulmonary tuberculosis who may be addmitted to sanatoria or similar institutions provided by Boards of Guardians for the treatment of consumptives. Mr Woodward was of the opinion that the Guardians should have the power to restrict and that those suffer- ing should be under some restraint. It was decided to support the resolution.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKHOUSE CHAPLAINCY.

IR

...... With reference to the Workhouse chaplaincy, the Clerk said be had received replies from all but two clergymen approached, and he would ask that the matter be deterred until he had had replies from all of them. His application was granted. VISITING CCAIMITTRE. At a meeting of the Visiting Committee a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the ladies who. ktad organised and carried out their splendid treat. . It *as

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE GOUT AND RHEUMATISM

EADE'S PILLS. SUFFERED 19 YEARS ! ! -- 4, Pool Road, Smeihwick, March 2Gth, 1911. Dear Sir,—l must give you praise and congratula- tion upon your wonderful temedy ; Eade's Gout and Rheumatic Pills. I have SUFFERED FOR THE LAST NINE- TEEN YEARS UNTOLD PAIN and agony and have taken dozens of bottles of doctors' medicine, but NOTHING HAS GIVEN ME SO MUCH RELIEF AS YOUR PILLS! I shall advise all sufferers that I know to try them; I know it will be for their own good. You may make what use you like of this letter for the truth requires no study. I remain, yours faithfully, CHAS. FLE fCHER.

EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, andare highly restorative. Bold everywhere in Bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free forstamps or P.O. by the propriet GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. V.I.JIVIATIC PILLS

decided on Tuesday that the thanks of the Guardians be given to the ladies who provided such an excellent entertainment. The Chairman said it bad been one of the best he had known of since he was a member of the Board.

The resolution was heartily carried. TEMPORARY COLLECTOR.

At a meeting of the Housing Committee, it was resolved that Thomas Johnson be appointed temporary collector until the 31st March, in the place of Mr. Frodsham, deceased. It was also decided that a sub- committee consisting of the appended members be appointed to consider the appointment of a permanent collector :—Messrs. Wood, Spruce, Mclntyre, Davies, Linaker (jun.) and Morris. The action of the Committee was approved by the Board.

NEW ORGANIST FOR ST. HELENS. Mr. Beckett, A.R.C.0., of Rotherham, has been appointed organist and choirmaster of St. Helena Parish Church, in succession to Mr. E. Haywood, who recently went to be organist at a cathedral in New Zealand. Mr. Beckett is well known in Oxton, where he was organist up to about two years ago.

THE SOCIAL POLICY OF THE GOVERNMENT. But the election of 1906, with its unparalleled over- throw of Toryism, made it clear that the reign of laissez faire was at an end. Mr Chamberlain had offered a return to Protection as the solution of the !social problem ; bet the proposal only aggravated the Tory defeat. The alternative solution offered by the Liberal Party was that of internal re-organisation under the general title of Social Reform. This solution involved a radical departure from the individualist tradition of the Liberal Party. It meant the definite intervention of the State in the sphere of social and industrial conditions and the final abandonment of the old doctrine that the duty of the State was to keep the ring for the competitive struggle.—A. G. Gardiner, in the "Contemporary Review " for March.

CLARKE'S B, 41 PILLS are warranted to cure in either sex all acquired or constitutional discharges, from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established npwards of 40 years. In boxes 4s.:Bd. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln Midland Counties Drug Co., Lincoln.— Advt.

Take Care of Your Skin and Complexion During the Winter. • BEETHAMS I This Dainty Toilet Preparation protects the skln against the effects of Prot, Cold Winds, and hard Water, and prevents Roughness, Redness, Irritation, Chaps, etc.. - WILL KEEP THE SKIN IN A PERFECT CONDITION ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Renders the skin Soft and White, and adds a charm of youth to the complexion. Bottles la.. 2a. 6d., of all Chemists and Stores. M. BEETHAM & SON, Cheltenham.

A. A. SHORTHOUSE LTD., MEAT and CATTLE SALESMEN. City Meat Mar' 3t, Birmingham. All kinds of stock sold on commission. Teiegrams : " MEAT. BIRMINGHAM."

1 , 174::11 s TA:O9FirroRTYROANspLTus.T° ' Fl

r THE • Arta' - Op !HAND • ENGRAVING

LEIYORKSHIRE ACADENU =PRACTICAL•ENGRAVING

: 2MZII -RIPON

THE BEATSALL SAFETY NIGHT LAMP. Specially adapted for children and invalids. Burns ordinary paraffin: 240 hours for Id. Cannot be upset. In polished brass, with opal shade and wick regulator. Complete in box, post free I,6—C. Beatsan, 34e, otretiora Road. Manchester.

" TURPOLENE " IS THE NEW TURPENTINE ANn

MAKCIACTURED ONLY BY The Reliance Lubricating Oil Co., 19 & 20, WATER LANE, LONDON, E.C.

ler For emansirig the blood of all Impuri- ties from whatever cause arising, there is no other medicine net as good as Cuatirs's Biome Migruss—that's why in so many cases of Eczema, Bad Legs. Abscesses, Boils, Sores of all kinds. Piles' Glandular tiwellings. Blood Poison, Plettmatism. Gout, de., it has effected truly remarkable cures where all other treat- ments Uwe railed. It will de tba sane tat 7011, , CURES ALL • _ SKIN & BLOOD DISEASES . Of all Chemists and Storm, 211 eur bottle.

• ' X

lon kCOLLEGE

q.lotlie7s. 1?,,lood: Mix lure

.

Eve yn-street School Headmastership. Sir,—Mr. Upson's letter on the above subject in your lat issue 'does not carry conviction as is usual when Mr. Upson uses his pen. Does he mean us to infer that because in business appointments means are not always taken to get the best man, this is a good reason .w hy the Education Committee, a, respon- sible public body, should follow suit? Further (if 1 disentangle his argument aright from the sarcasms in which it is enveloped) be reasons because other large towns,in which there is a much wider field of selection, restrict their selection, Warrington should copy their bad example. Mr. Upson usually manifeste such independence of naind, and clearness of judgment, that it surprises us that he should advocate following the multitude to do evil. He praises, and deservedly, the merits and qualifications of the Warrington teachers. 'then he very pertinently asks Why do the Warrington teachers fear open competition ?" This is the question in connection with the Evelyn-street appointment that everyone is asking. Mr. Epson's reply is that "there is no such thing as open competition" and Proceeds to show, not that the competition for Evelyn-street would not be open, but that this condition does not exist in certain restricted areas, an entirely different thing. Look at the question from the educational point of view. All the teachers in Warrington are free to apply for any position elsewhere in the large free area; the teachers in voluntary schools, which con- stitute a large majority of the Warrington teachers, are free to apply for positions in voluntary schools even in restricted areas. It is common for Warring- ton to lose teachers (we have just engaged one for the headship of the Penketh school) ; the managers wish these well, congratulate them on their improved posi- tions, and usually proceed to fill up by appointing some old scholar. By this process the average teach- ing capacity of the Warrington staff is lowered because it is as a rule the most capable, who because of their capacity, secure better appointments elsewhere. Unless vacancies arise when occasion,requires same to be filled from outside, the standard is reduced. We do not assert that there is not the "beat" man for Evelyn-ptreet already in the town. What we say is let it be put to the test without fear, favour, prejudice or influence. We object to restricting the area of selection f.,r one grade because it creates a precedent which may be logically extended until all grades are " protected," and the Committee have no opportunity of infusing new life into the teaching staff from outside. 1 have always been a firm believer in Hungarian partridges,Mongolian pheasants, Hereford cattle, and Clydesdale horses. It is easy to' gain a cheap and paltry popularity by shouting" Warrington for the Warringtonians " but those who are prepared to welcome the best from out- side stand for the true interests of the town and of the children. Sevetal Warrington schools have got stereotyped in their methods, controlled by tradition and routine, because the staff is only sustained by moves up. Hence we have in Warrington under the same authority, with a similar class of children, schools varying considerably in their standard of efficiency. Some schools have got becalmed in a sluggish back water. A change of staff emanating from the managers would be a nine days' wonder, and a change becomes necessary only in the rare case of a teacher making a move off his own bat, and this is seldom made to gain more experience unless it also means a bigger salary. Warrington teachers need mixing up,shaking up - and I was going to add—waking up. What I mean is with few exceptions (as far as any expression is a guide) there is no general desire for a change of schools for the purpose of gaining a wider experience and more varied knowledge of teaching. There is an unhealthy contentment, a readiness to remain in the same groove year after year. Would it not be an invigorating movement if every under-teacher were brought under the influence of a new head every two or three years ? It would be better for the teacher, and better for the schools. _ _

There is a game called "Family coach "I am obliged to take part in whenever we have a children's party. Each player has a seat and takes the name of one of the articles in connection with the coach. A player is in the centre blindfolded, whose object is to secure a vacant. seat; one calls the changes to be made, "The whip and the brake," "The reins and the wheels," &c. When " Family Coach" is called all change seats. I should like to see the Education Committee call "Family coach" amongst the teachers in Warrington.Some of the schools have great need of the infusion of new blood, even if it were only from a neighbouring school. It would be well for education if some national authority would say "Family coach." it would be still better, were it practical, if we could have a general international interchange. Like Mr. Upson I have formed a high estimate of the Warring- ton teachers, and the Warriugtoa teachers have formed a high estimate of themselves : this is a merit, also a danger. A danger which may lead to disastrous consequences, if as a result, important Warrington posts are filled by " Warrington lads" to the exclusion of better men from out.ide. We can reasonably expect that picked teachers who have trained in a different environment would introduce, not into one rchool only, but gradually through the whole Warrington school area, better methods, and fresh ideas. In a word we need to repeat again and again the steps taken which brought Mr. John Upson as an outsider into the educational activities of Warrington. CHARLES E. PARKER. Penketh, March 14th, 1912.

•1 - I trers L• to the , /.EDITOR‘

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. T. PErgicg.—We will answer your queries re Shops Bill next week.—En. " Ex."

===== 0002601_19120302_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S PI LS.

When not

up to the mark

'When your usual good spirits are clouded and depressed; when your fund of energy is low; when your eye loses its lustre and your step its elasticity, when, in a word, you cease to be your own bright self, you should seek the restorative, invigorating properties of Beecham's Pills. Headache, lassitude, loss of energy, want of appetite, generally have their origin in digestive troubles of some sort, and the best way to deal with them speedily and successfully is to

take

that most efficacious and reliable of family medicines—

ig*****A.""jl"-Stk*OP-All•!"..egg , , NOM oicaph:, meow...um, Astemonatot • • ' .

===== 0002601_19120302_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Exports of Cycles. Councillor Bullion Replies to Mr. C. E. Parker.

Sir,—l have read Mr. C. E. Parker's article, re ' export of cycles, with very great interest. As a theoretical way of trying to make a bad case good, it probably answers its purpose (to those who are not in the know). Perhaps Mr. Parker will pardon me if I say that he has not given a single correct reason why the cycle trade is in its present position. The principal reason is this : We have retained to ourselves the reputa- tion of making the hignest grade cycle in the world, from the time it was manufactured commercially. What is more convincing is the fact that any firm in this country who attempted to copy the foreign dumped cycle, without exception, signed their death warrant. Havinghad over 20 years' practical experience, it may be interesting if I give a brief ac-,•ount of the rise and fall and rise again of a portion of this trade. I believe if anyone likes to make careful inquiries from anyone of importance in the trade be can easily verify my statements. It will also help to drive another nail in the coffin of theoretical arguments on Free Trade. I can remember cycles being made in Warrington 40 years ago by private people for their own use, and mention Mr. Milner, Mr. Greening and my father, as perhaps the best known. From efforts of this kind all over the country was evolved the making of the first spider bicycle. This was really the birth of the cycle as a great commercial article. From this developed the Kangaroo and Facile, both front-wheel gear-driven cycles, and afterwards the present back-driven type, with, of course, hundreds of freaks between them in the evolution. One of the great factors in our retention of the trade is that every important improvement in the cycle is the invention of Britishers. The most notable are the spider wheel, rubber tyres, ball bearings, chain drive, the present safety bicycle, pneumatic tyres, &c., &c. Coming now to the periods under discussion by Mr. Parker I might say we have to thank Royalty for the extraordinary demand that was created at the time we imported the most. To parody a phrase to explain this, say "What Royalty does to-day Great Britain does to-morrow." The manufacturers were at this time in the happy position of being unable to supply the demand. Several important importers of foreign goods commenced to bring over American cycles by the ship load, and even then it took a year or two to keep pace. The imported cycle Was a freak compared to our own, being minus the necessary refinements, such as detachable tyres, brakes, proper mud-guards and gear cases; Stc.„&c. The only virtue it had was thaut,of being low' priced. During this boom the financier became extremely busy and fortunes galore were made out of company

promoting. At this time (unfortunately for investors) the aristocratic e7clist's interest commenced to wane in favour of motoring, and as the demand in this country commenced to drop the supply slowly exceeded the demand,and in the knowledge of everyone,first one factory and then another closec, down, until it became the .survival of the fittest. History proves that the manufacturers to-day are the firms who retained the excellence of their goods and who had not neglected to develop their sales abroad, at a time when most firms were (to use a slang term) suffering from swelled head. To prove the disorganized and demoralized state of the trade, I ought to say that every firm of importance had to go through a course of reconstruction. Cycles were a glut ,in our matket and it was the foreigners' opportunity to buy. They did, and finding the qnality of our goods so much sunerior to any others the demand increased. Our manufacturers immedi- ately adapted themselves to the altered conditions, with the result that our misfortunes were the foundation-stones of cur present position. There was a phase in the trade that might have a very slight bearing on the questions of Free Trade or Tariff Reform. Several firms opened works on the Continent and eventually imported into this country a lot of the most intrinsic components. These were used in the manufacture of several " English cycles," and there was a great outcry about it. I merely Mention this as a condition that did and probably does exist to-day, but it does not affect the position of the industry as a whole with regard to its export trade to-day. There are, I know, many trades that are being killed by Free Trade. I also consider it unfair to use such arguments as we find in the article on the "Export of Cycles," until sufficient proof has been found that Free Trade or Tariff Reform was the direct cause of its rise or fall. I must apologise for taking so much of your valuable space, but it is necetsary, so as to make an explanation that can be understood by everyone of your readers.—Yours &c., W. 11. BELLIAN. The Spinney, Grappenhall.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT COAL STRIKE.

ONE MILLION MINERS IDLE.

The great coal war in now in progress and over one million colliers and surfacemen are on strike..

The stoppage generally took place quietly on Thursday, and all reports agree that the miners have entered upon the struggle in a peaceful spirit,with the intention of maintaining that disposition until the dispute terminates. A hopeful sign was that many of the miners left their tools underground. The strike has already begun to dislocate other trades. From all parts of the country come reports that works are closing down, and the railway com- panies are announcing curtailed services, and are placing large numbers of men under notice. The situation has taken a dramatic turn, and it is hoped that national disaster will be averted by bold and drastic measures.

Impressed by the justice of the miners' case for a minimum wage, the Government have decided to establish the principle by law, subject to certain conditions and guarantees. Failing agreement between miners and coalowners, a Bill will be introduced in the House of Commons next Monday. Mr. Asquith announced the Govenunent's decision to the Miners' Federation on Thursday in one of the most masterly brilliant speeches ever delivered by a statesman, lie made a patriotic appeal to the delegates to allow a reasonable latitude of negotiation as to the figures of the district minima, and emphasised the " terrible responsibility " of either of the parties standing in the way of a reasonable settlement. The negotiations for a settlement were resumed yesterday.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
NEGOTIATIONS SUSPENDED.

Last evening it was stated that all negotiations between the coalowners, the miners' representatives, and the Government have been suspended until next week. The Press Association says :—lt is generally believed among miners' delegates that the strike cannot be arrested Under a fortnight.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POSITION IN WARRINGTON.

Works Closing Down. A prolonged strike in the coal trade would have most disastrous effects in Warrington, which is entirely dependent upon its industries. The stoppage of the fuel supply must speedily bring the large works to a standstill for it is impossible for them to stock efficiently large reserves to tide them over any great length of time. Some firms are already feeling the pinch, with the result that large numbers of work- people will find themselves cut of employment this week-end. Should the strike last over a week the ranks of the workless will probably reach above 5,000. At the huge works of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company, Ltd., the effect of the deadlock has been swift and pronounced. To-day two-thirds of the work will be closed down, and con- sequently about 1,500 men will be thrown idle. The remaining departments will be kept open as long as possible but if there is not a speedy settlement it will inevitably become necessary to cease work altogether. At Messrs. Rylands Bros., Lid, wire manufacturers, Church-street, the inconvenience of the situation has soon made itself felt. A section of the works, involv- ing 700 or 800 employees, was closed last night, but iit s hoped that it will be possible to run several departments for a fortnight. At Whitecrosa works the rolling mill has been closed and, unless events take an unexpected turn, the probability is that the whole of works will soon have to follow suit. Messrs. T. Crosfield and Sons, Limited intend to close down very gradually, but if the trouble extends over a prolonged period they will have to economise until only those departments which are absolutely essential to the business are running. Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co. Limited do not anticipate that the strike will affect them loony great extent for some time. Ile work- people of the Firth Company will be placed on shorter time next week. "What will happen afterwards, depends upon the strike" we were informed. Messrs. W. D. Houghton and Co., Ltd., state that, unless railway traffic is seriously dislocated, they will be able to continue working for several days without dispensing with any hands. Messrs. Greening and Sons, Ltd.. the Longford Wire, Iron and Steel Co., Ltd., Messrs. Fletcher, Itussell and Co., Ltd., do not anticipate any serious interference with their work for the time being, but a great deal will depend upon the means of transport. The various Corporation undertakings are well- prepared to cope with the situation. The Chairman of the Water Committee stated at a meeting of the General Purposes Committee on Monday evening that a stock of coal sufficient to last for three months had been laid in at the Waterworks. The Electricity and Tramways Committee have accumulated enough to last for a month or five weeks and the Gas Depart- ment is similarly well-provided for. The Mayor (Councillor Dr. Joseph,) attended the hastily convened conference of Lord Mayors and Mayors held in London on Saturday, when a resolution urgently calling for a settlement Of the crisis was passed. In consequence of the coal strike, railway' companies have greatly curtailed their services.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
'POLICE ARRANGEMENTS.

Detachments of Warrington police are holding themselves in readiness for strike duty in the Nottingham and South West Lancashire coal fields. It is expected that, as in the case of the railway strike. the conditions in Warrington will be peaceable and orderly. Yesterday, fifty Warrington employees of the London and North-Western Railway Company were swor.n iii as special constables, in the event of their services being needed for the protection of the Company's property.

Death of Mr. John Church. An old and valued servant of the Corporation passed away on Tuesday in the person of Mr. John Church, of 121, Wilderspool-causeway. He was sixty-eight years of age, and had been the foreman in tbe Sani- tary Works Department of the Corporation since November 27th, 1876. He had been in failing health for some time, and a fortnight since was taken ill in the office, and had to be removed home. He leaves al widow and several children.

‘Tarrasmbiz,' i New Liquid Cement for Mending and Making. In tubes Id., 3d., 3d., ed.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
AT APPLE roN HALL.

Photo. Burrell. MEET OF THE CHESHIRE HOUNDS AT APPLETON HALL ON WEDNESDAY.

are more important than the dead ones, that men stand for more than money. (Hear, hear.) Service given by labour establishes a claim, a right, to national appreciation and consideratitn. The welfare of the whole must stand before the wealth of a part ; human rights are greater than capital rights. (Applause.) These Acts are a step fore ard towards that position in which it will be acknowledged that useful service of whatever kind must be the test of the claim which any individual, or any class, may present for a share of national wealth and esteem. The cheques crossed by the word " service " should be the first to he honoured —in fact, I am coming to the conclusion that they should be the only ones that ought to be honoured. (Hear, hear.) So far we have not attained that position, but we are moving thitherward, and both the Old Age Pension Act bind the National Insurance Act are big forward steps. Even if these Acts in their operation meant that the share of wealth which usually goes to I the possessors of wealth was diminished, I should still be proud to be associated with the party that was wise enough to give expressson to the principles of these Acts.

But are we sure that the State help given, say in the Insurance Bill, must necessarily be at the expense of the earnings of capital? This is a question which the future alone can definitely settle. But lam inclined to think that there is a very great deal in the contention made by Mr. Lloyd George and other advocates for this Act, that in taking steps to guarantee greater efficiency amongst the workers we are taking the

SUREST - MEANS TO INCREASE THE EARNING POWER of our industrial undertakings, that keeping workers fit in the best way to make both work and capital effective instruments of production. (Hear. hear,) And it can be reasonably expected that the outlay made by the State and by the employer will come back to both these bringing its increase with it. But whether this be so, or no, is after all a secondary question. The giving of the pensions, the granting of State aid to sickness by the Insurance Act was called for by higher consider- ations than the mercantile expectations that it would bring back to the contributaries more than its money value. The tendency which has expressed itself in these Acts is to strengthen the weaker individuals. This legislation is not a movement towards State manage- ment, or the suspension of competition as some contend but rather towards the making of this competition fairer by strengthening the weaker units and enabling them to take their part on more equal terms. A con- siderable proportion of our people take part in the rivalry of life under conditions which preclude them from any real chance. They are the victims instead of being the heirs of our civilisation. We want every Englishman, woman, and child to

SHARE IN THE PROSPERITY, in the wellbeing of our country. We want to bring the humblest to the banquet of civilization. Now 1 hold that a fundamental impetus In all progress must be personal rivalry, and the aim of legislation ought to be, not to abolish, but to raise this rivalry to the highest degree of eMciency by bringing all into it on a footing of equality of opportunity, allowing the widest possible scope for the development of every individual fscult and personality. (Hear. hear,) That is the goal ty which all sJund legislation should tend. This is tho direction which the two great Acts of our Liberale Government take, and I am proud, and you all ought to be proud, to beassociated with a party that was strong enough and wise enough to make law, both the Old Age Pensions Act and the National Insurance Aot.(Applause)

- THE VICE-PRESIDENTS. - The following vice-presidents were elected :—Mr A H Crosileld, Aldermen W Pierpoint, D Tinnion, James Evans and T Burton, Councillors Henry Roberts and J Halliwell, Rev W Cooper, Messrs Ziba Armitage, E J Guest, W Madden, W Bibby, G Walker, Joseph Wilkinson, E Wynne Jones, W Russell, J Jarman, J Witbinshaw, H G Roberts, J Ainsworth, W Clegg, M Howarth, T Dale and J Dodds.

1,1 • • , . . , • • '...=.0.,i5-,PAII-4.'s,z.iiix.,•::,'•-`6.-'''rl! , . . . . . . . • • - • , .. , • 4. •.. • ' 1 Of ' ':=f I ~,...„' •, , . .0,... 0,- 44 -,."` .. , .• „.......„, 14, A„.... ~... , ~, •- • . , ifk4...... ~, ..,-M--,,,,,,,...,-r,,,,-7,-,.‘„,4;:7;i., ,•,..,,f .. '.' ` '''',l('. ''''',‘•,,.i.‘.•,.> ' ''.:.i. ,' .; ', ' •`%' ' ' '' ...: . .• , ,•5 : .4 • 44;',:.,,;-',... •-..:,,-._ •,, •,,,... •, .14k •:, ~ , . ~..;,,A,.- • :::.-.:..., „, .--‘.- • .-: -,. ..‘...,‘ -, . . 4,7 o, •.,-,.-,,..k-„,..,.--,-,-,:„.,...,‘„ .., ~,,,,,,,,,,e ;,.,,.k.t,,,.*: -, , - ~, -•.• • • ~ .-.•- - - • „,.. , : ..-• ,V, ''./... \ ti,',,..,.., , • ;.,&;,.',.:.g*.i:..,4'i'...,,,,,,,..r...'-'.. '''. '. - - '• ' , ---, iv - , ... :',.: . -..:.--;.-.e..,.,:... ,' .., . ..,..:;,...; ...-. ,fj..' ~' -.,- '.. '.::,". "•;!••1'i.",.. ' No; \, ' , :,: .-411....4,4it'',:,----'-'-‘,.,„------.,..' ,-.,,,, .;.'. ...,'. ',•:.' -•..'2.,..,....„..;.,,,,:!,......„...;::;,4,:.,..4?„,.,..r,:,,,,,,,,,,,,....,,,,, ~._:'...'4'-‘:••••4*,-:" .'‘,.f,..,,,,,,,i0t.-.,...-5.4. '‘'',..-,..-‘. ~, ,:)i:,,:'.., .7iii ',. :,,t, -.., • . :'-7...-. ,-...4- qt,,.,,,,.,, .... - . ,•.,..v..,,,,,,,,,,,4„''.., ;.,....,..Ri..,.....!.. 's•-•-tY ..1.--'" i• '.".' 'ir: lir--mw-Th.• ...- ..1 - 0,..-,;.1,"..,,t1.,.-.-' ......tgli . :;.,41( •-‘ • Aw,r .' P.-!•.,>'.-..-..-.;. `"‘ '.:'‘...,•"..':.:.• **--,*,-..:.:,:-: .' ''''''4,.'.l.: ','.-,`...-‘• ,4;,-::. • -.' ,•;•:- •" 4.'.1.,.. ,L J.:•i ~=.4 '.. • ?;•:• '",--IPt,',.:', " 'tks!::.;:-• -' . ..s.`' -,,, - '..,' „iltk I‘,'''l':'" :i* ~.,..- . ''' .1 '':.',;.'i-,;.,4,, • " .':',. :4 .: .4k.. ': ~....-1 4...1 tka tP ' A ~;' W,,:.;' .‘'.,`•••,' ~,',l. , ,i*,:::0( ~ . -.'• t0f.....,,-- : .•.i.;,,0,',*')ii.;".•: *4 .. '.-.: :;', J 41. !. .' -4 4,...'-('‘..-'::; .-,i.,...--,z,:.. . • %!,',2,...'...i - . 1;;;•• - ..-e4-.•,17. , . .... 4.i,:f tr. .kw 4 -,,,.\•.:,- -',:i--(4: -.,.,''''.-:, .:. .... . '.,- . ..',.. - ..... . , '?"' :^",.• • A ~:::... '•‘,...'..511i,;.1*.•,,, ..iP..1•::: .. . , , • ..,...‘., ‘,,t'.. 5.,, 010 t,,..,•:.., ;•.:':4- . • -....1,-,,t,•..r>fEV:4#, ''''*k•!.t.''''''"-*- - ''''''N.,:' • I*?.'.-:'.:4,k.4,-,. - -• * -.... :,. '.,- ~,'''. ~A .1<;::,-...-...,,,v. s.. -. . :.. -... 5.:....&k5.a-ms ~, 4. . 4• . .'. 1" . • 4 - . ..„ - .-*'• ~..,..7:4,i.,....i.„3:..,i!... I ~.i1;u.:..i...,,,.... ,14,0,..._:',t,;,i..,:::'-‘51;i..34 '''‘' . %. 4:-.'.-`... ...'. .' •;...4At:...'"'.% NV., - ... ' ' ip.,. . ' ‘,. ',..,-''''''..:.'"' •4111.1''''""..,.' ' 1/24-`• 7''' ---er ,tif4,,,::4;:;.::„.....,,,,.!,,,,cp.,.::::. ~,,a:. , 1,:., :.....:.,., .., , ...;;;:::,;1::;,..:-.•'.. t., .... ''.:••'-',,;::`,',; .. ,:iositows ...,,..• !..Ali 4,-it:i li IF litt, . *.** i* * itate I/ \ ' • ,f.,.1 ..'....:,,,.. v 446.14, sit ... . . ' '.:?- '-.-:,' -.:'.. :•:•..''''''.''.•:';', ;:,...:'5,v;[..'..:,:-,V?...5..:.::':•..- ' ' ...,. ' ,i,;•.:.,:,;:::3•.,•,.....,,..-.. , ..,.. -...t:1-.47.4t,:•,..•,.4..,r.....-.,<..r.,...„;,i,...., ... . . , •,',4'"...1.,'''....**., i. •:: ..,:,. ,i-,v-kw...., ..,... ~. ,•::`-::,..Fe'','::°!'t•:.":-. ''"'l'',.<:Z.:•"2-:::',...:;.17",'::''...". .- ' ' , Y4,-'. .;‘'..• ... •.• .' ' ..i,,.': • . .'t,',-: - -,' - ,t...,,,,..,‘ -_, .-- - . ~,,,,,,,,w,....,.„...,-..4. 4‘ !.. 44::,,,4i,5,...:...,i h.-, '.! '. .. "- Air 41,,41 # ' ... ..' ... 0-..''.,:e7:':,,,.:.;,..., ,;.j . .." ~...,,'-•-.?.f: °:. ....-:„..-.' .''.ir •,, ~ . . •:-.,'.. 1 ........ . .'sz;:.. k,...11 i ,s, ,liiik.k2,s;llt•-• .4 % , :, •,, .....-,•. '...- ...,f r- e.!kly :, --..'. n.!.:t44. viz,itut 44, t;-. 4,,i. ' ,',..,.:;: '... . 4..... z; .„,f4 .., 4 4i'.a;k-',.'::',''''.i;'''''' .:::,:e:::',..A.. ' "4: :.. ' ''' -it '''''''' .v-- 1,1--,-:-. ~4.,-,A-^ '''''''' ti.0.y,.0 • '. V ••••• .‘",'‘..- ''.' ' -,... •g - 1 ':11.F:1:;/4'-&-4,.1,. k•'::0. ..,,,. i i 1 ',, •.- :. -.:,•':-..°:: - ''-: ' . . - . ,—..„,:;::,..::"..:t! I.‘"' 1"-' . : ''. '''''k ''''447:''''''''''..o- ' 44111- l''' sl.‘4''''7.•l:"-- 1 A-14' ' ..:'' 4.` 4 r :t'''' '''':":- ; , , .'........::::'.',.::".\!:."..:117::.i;,;,---....''':;':;.:.::',,::::*''':.,::,.ii.'.4., r,, t..... . . .„., V.. : ti, , 1., „..: ~,tt,,,,.;,,,:t.,,,,,.., -,...4, :fs ~.' . .'.•.,-, -.:' -....,... .. --- -. :-.--.''.--:..-:.?-,1...:'• . ...., . .:. .. -. . ...., . .. ,

===== 0002601_19120302_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL ASSOCIATION.

ENTHUSIASM AT TNE ANNUAL MEETING.

THE PRESIDENT AND THE INSURANCE AT

Attu. The enthusiasm which pervades all branches of the Liberal forces in Warrington was strikingly mani- fested at the annual meeting of the General Council of the Warrington Liheial Association held at the Liberal Club on Thursday evening. The attendance was one cf the largest ever seen at a business gather- ing and there was evidence of a healthy determination to regain the seat far Liberalism at the first oppor- tunity. Mr. C. E. Parker (president of the association) presided and amongst others present were : —Alderman Tinnion, Councillors J Wilkinson (chairman of the executive committee), J T Locker (ben secrtary), J Dickenson and J Flalliwell, Messrs 'l' Pemberton (hon. treasurer), P Pesci ck, H G Roberts, E Lloyd Jones, E Wynne Jones, J Critchley, W Bibby, E V Walker, P Delaney, E J Hualies. Mr Howarth, P II Brown. T F Wallington, T Dale. W Hayes, P O'Brien, C Healey, EA Sanders and Harry New. The follow- ing representatives of the Women's Liberal Associa-. tion weie also in attends, cc :—Mrs E Osborne (hon. secretary), Miss Shout, Mrs Dutton, Mrs Delaney and Mrs Booth.

Letters of apology for non-attendance had been received from Messrs W Clega, G Weaver and J Burns.

THE WORK OF THE YEAR. Councillor LocKstu presented the report as follows:— 'fire past year has been a fairly busy one, and we can claim to have done a little towards making our organise tion a more lively and efficient one. The Interest of the members has been well sustained. During the early months of the year several interesting Ward meetings were held at the Liberal Club at which Mr. New delivered addresses on current topics. These meetings were well attended and much appreciated. During the 'summer months about 20 open air meetings were bola in all the various parts of the Own at which the attend- ances ranged from 100 to 1,000 persons. At all thOe meetings a goodly quantity of literature was distri- buted. A spacious lecture van was purchased and formally presented to the Association by Mrs Crosfleld at Bridge Foot, on Saturday, July 29th. A great mass meeting was held at which Mr. A. H. Crosileld and Mr. F. Maddison delivered stirring speeches, our President, Mr. C. E. Parker, being in the chair, supported by the leading Liberals of tire town. The attendance on thlit occasion was the largest ever seen at an open air meeting locally. (Applause). On the following Thurs- day an interesting debate took place at Bridge Foot on " Free Trade v. Tariff Reform " Mr. R. Hensball, Manchester, advocating the latter policy and Mr New championing our cause before an audience of about 4,0E0. During the summer months various wards held their bowling mains with consider- able success, and very pleasant functions re,.ulted. During the past three months the social life of our association has been well sustained, six of our ward committees have been entertained to supper at the cafes by their representatives and chairmen, the average attendance being 98. Whilst we are glad to see so many attend these pleasant socials, we should be delighted to have them with us more often. A series of interest- ing lantern lectures were given at the Liberal Club on January 8-13, Mr. New lecturing on Six years of Liberal Government,"Mr.P. Peacock generously defray- ing the cost. These lectures were, however, not as well supported as they deserved. Arrangements are now in progress for

AN ACTIVE CAMPAIGN extending over a period of three months. (Applause.) Meetings will be held in every ward to enable the National Insurance Act and Home Rule proposals to be fully explained. A mass meeting will be held at the Co-operative Hall on April Ist, and one of the leading members of Parliament will address the meeting. lam glad to note that the Junior Liberal Association has been revived and a fine body of young men brought together who, with our support, I am sure will prove a splendid asset to the cause of progress. (Applania ) Our registration and survey work must have more time devoted to it, and although Orford, Whitecross end Town Hall wards are up to the mark, special attention must be given during April, May and June. We are greatly handicapped with lodger claims, owing to the ratable value fixed in Warrington being higher than elsewhere, £2O being the value required for a lodger claim, and the Revising barrister is especially rieid on this point. At the municipal elections our candidates, Councillors Roberts and Halliwell headed the poll with increased majorities—(applause)—whilst our friend Councillor Dickinson was returned unopposed. In conclusion gentlemen, I desire to express my thanks for all the support you have so generously given me in the past, and assure you that whenever required, my services are at your command. (Applause.) Especially am I grateful to the officers and various committees for their assistance in the cause we all have so much at heart and the good work that is being accomplished leads me to look forward confidently to the future, believing that the united effort of the pro- gressives will once again carry our friend and leader, Mr A H Crosfield to victory on the next occasion. (Applause.) His splendid work for our cause is well known to us all, and on behalf of our association I appeal to every Liberal to do his utmost in winning back Warrington to Liberalism. (Applause). The report was adopted on the proposition of Mr. C. HEALEY seconded by Councillor HALLIWELL and supported by Alderman TINNION. THE FINANCES. The balance sheet, which was submitted by Mr. T. Pemberton, showed the finances of the Association to be in a healthy condition. Mr. H.G.ROBERTS moved the adoption of the balance sheet and warmly congratulated Mr. Pemberton on the encouraging results of his work. Mr. P. O'BurEN seconded and the resolution was agreed to. ELECTION OF PRESIDENT. ADDRESS ON THE INSURANCE ACT. Mr. P. DELANEY, in proposing the re-election of Mr. C. E. Parker as president, said they could not have a better man to lead them. He was always willing to assist financially and with service,and they were greatly indebted to him for his untiring advocacy of the Liberal cause. (Applause). Mr. E. I.l7vYNk JONES seconded, Alderman TINNION supported, and the resolution was passed with much enthusiasm. Mr. C. E. PARKER, after expressing his gratification , at the unity and enthusiasm of the party, referred to the National Insurance Aot which, he said, was the corollary of the Old Age Pensions Act. It is fitting, he said, that when the eye becomes dim and the natural force abates the veterans in the industrial army should have provided for them something for their comfort in old age. But we well know that there are a considerable number of workers who, because of ill-health have, for longer or shorter periods, to fall out of the ranks long before they have reached the three score and ten limit. Thie Act is an acknowledgement, not perhaps as emphatic as it ought to be, and will be, that HUMAN INTERESTS MUST TAKE THE DOMINATING POSITION IN INDUSTRIAL OPERATIONS. (Applause.) It is an acknowledgment, partial but still important, that the living factors of production

•

===== 0002601_19120302_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
TIM HON. TREASURER.

Alderman TINNION, in proposing the re-election of Mr T. Pemberton as bon. treasurer, said he bad been associated with him in other work on behalf of the Liberal Party and in connection with another organize tion of which he was treasurer and he believed that Mr Pemberton was, without exception, the best man in Warrington for the position. (Applause.) His accounts were absolutely perfect and he took a real pleasure in the work.

Mr. N.. WYNNE JONES seconded and said they were very fortunate to have a gentlemen of Mr. Pemberton s experience to fulfil the duties. (Applause). The proposition was heartily approved.

THE HON. SECRETARY.

Mr P DELANEY proposed the re-election of Councillo Locker as hon. secretary. Words were, he said unnecessary to commend him for the position which he had so honourably Occupied in the past. (Applause). Mr J CRITCHLEY seconded and said that in Coun- cillor Locker they had a very worthy secretary. (Applause). Councillor LOCKER. in returning thanks, said be was only too proud to give his services for the advance- ment of Liberalism in Warrington and it was kis keenest desire to be in touch with every unit of the party. (Applause). CHAIRMAN OF EXECUTIVE.

Councillor WILKINSON tendered his resignation of the chairmanship of the Executive Committee,pointing out that he had filled the position for four or five years and the pressure of municipal and other duties made great demands upon his time. He proposed Mr Peter Peacock as his successor. Mr O'BRIEN, in seconding, said they greatly regretted Councillor Wilkinson's resignation but hoped he would continue his active association with the party. The PRESIDENT said the Association was under a considerable obligation to Councillor Wilkinson for having held a position of considerable responsibility, and involving a great deal of thought and bard work, for the past four years. They knew him well enough to believe that, although he had retired from office, his successor and the party genentlly could have his valuable co-operation. The proposition was unanimously passed. Mr. PEACOCK, iii returning thanks for his election, said he did not under-estimate the importance of the position. He had held the vice-chairmanship for four years and had always endeavoured to put Liberalism first and his own private interests afterwards. He had had Councillor Wilkinson's assurance that he could count upon his support, and they hoped during the coming year to do such affective work for Liberalism as would help to place Mr. Crostleld at the head of the poll at the next election. (Applause.) Mr. Peacock I then proposed the election of Councillor Wilkinson as deputy-chairman. The proposition was cordially agreed to. Councillor WILKINSON, in reply, said his heart and soul would always be with the Liberal Association and with the work of Liberalism in general. (Applause). FINANCE COMMITTEE. In addition to one delegate from each ward, the following co-optative members of the Finance Com- mittee were elected :—Alderman Tinnion, Councillor Halli well, Messrs Joseph Wilkinson, George Weaver. J E Worrell, J Griffiths, W Bibby, G Walker, Firth Lindley, j' Delaney, and E Wynne Jones.

REPRESENTATIVE ON EXECUTIVE. It was decided that the Women's Liberal Association the Junior Liberal Association and the Progressive Labour League shonld each nominate two representa- tives on the Executive Committee.

AUDITOR THANKED. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr J G Chappell for auditing the accounts.

, . .

===== 0002601_19120302_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11/4

===== 0002601_19120302_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. DAVID'S DAY.

Celebrations at Warrington.

Wales and the Welsh people all the world over oa let of March celebrated with great rejoicing festival of St. David. The Welsh people of Warrir were not behind their compatriots, and on V), evening the second annual dinner of the Warr; Welsh Society was held at Crosneld-street, Mr D J Price, of Lovely-lane occupied chair. The tables were prettily decorated, 403 daffodil, which is by now the adopted national ein,e!..,,t being much in evidence. After partaking of the TelFeo several toasts were proposed and heartily drunk. aop first was" The King "and coupled with it was 01 Prince." The toast was well proposed by the Chairra.,, who in his timely speech referred to last Ye6'e: Investiture of our Prince at Carnarvon Castle. ;no bad the King and Queen for three great days in lA.soi The Investiture at Carnarvon in many respects ecliPio the Coronatien and tbe Durbar It had a most genii p human touch. The year was a remarkable 4t in the history and recognition of vv° 0 Nationalism. The next toast " The immortel mewed Saint David," was ably propoEei by Mr. W' 0 Williams. The patron saint, he said, was a bishoPhi the sixth century. Little was positively known of f, life, but out of a mass of legend and speculatio/ve could see that he was a man of great personal Teri' 0 ment and high social position. He was also a 13:1;a1 culture and eloquence, and he lea a pure and life, devoted to charity. It is said that he was re4l to Our Saviour, and undoubtedly he was the eree'te Welshmen who ever lived, and whose life and charsc had influenced and helped to mould the Welsh natioal; life. Whatever may be tree of him, the inspirationitii has imbued into the Welsh race has been fe,r,l9. development and raisin.' of high national ide towards the realization of which the religious charec,rher of the nation is to be greatly attributed. "Alis followed "The Saint David's song," sung by' Jennie Roberts, of the Post Office. The next toast was" Our language, our countrl,o:. our nation." This was briefly proposed Ey Mr. D. J 8 „ Ha said these three. and the greatest of thee-tb, "Our language." The country and nation '1)0, widest and true sense depended on the language' Welsh language is old, end pure, and its pertectior due to its being undoubtedly the language of Pnr°,oll (Laughter.) Being a Celtic language, it was 1/..geel phonetic and rich in literature and verse. The "J language still lived, and would live. He refer the present awakening by such education authoritino Cardiff and Newport to. teach the language in elltistgi schools in the town, and that the Welsh laofaleo lirelB now taught to children throughout 'lot Threatened languages, like theatened men, lived The Welsh were a nation of high ideals and capsbl,oo great sacrifices. The land or country had reared 00 men as Cromwell, and Hugh and Sir Henry Midd" lVibi one of whom became Lord Mayor of London se,./0 other originated the great London Water Board,Cl' oe several other great Welshmen were mentioned. ~/ed the land of song, mountains and bills. He also tele; 0l to Welsh nationalism,this being due to theswakeninegr the Welsh national spirit. This was seconded 137.,50et John 0 Jones. Then Mr John Griffiths, LovelY IA ill proposed "The Welshman from Home." He referrer; the course of his speech to the thirst and desire thebillo in the Welshman to end his days amongst the 011 and mountains where he was nurtured. This op responded to by Mr J II Jones of Church-street. ° 0 toasts were "The Society" by Air E E H 11039001 Crosneld-street, responded to by Messrs D liagbeeA;es E T Edwards "The Visitors" and "The proposed by Mr D J Price. Daring the evening re-gro, tions and solos were given by Mrs J R Roberts. 0W T Williams and Mr D James, and Air Waled. Frodsham, while Master W R Williams accom,nnst • The successful meeting and celebration ten:Dinar late hour by singing" The Land of my Fathers.'

gtol Malin "a

===== 0002601_19120302_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
MYSTERIOUS FIND.

Human Feet Found at ArpleY• yr 109 Whilst passing the river opposite the St. ---ceepll Cable Works at Arpley on Sunday afternoon, 'till° Hatton, of 313, Liverpool-road, captain e`tbiog Warrington Grappling Corps, noticed 5013/e be peculiar on the embankment. On investigationo found that the object was a human foot, end 104 further search he found another foot. The ren3sl. to (apparently those of a woman) were handed °°:pre the Stockton Heath Police on Tuesday. Tbe'ho making inquiries with reference to a person cier reported as missing from home. The feet, we 11

stand, do not appear to have been 7in—th-e-vv.ater.

DEATH. tral WOOD.-0o February 27th, at 93 Marbury o Warrington, Sarah Elizabeth the beloved „too Richard Wood, aged 52 years. Interred at %Carrillo' Cemetery, March Ist, 1912. Werturtiororr.—Printed and Published by Jons "freper.; it Co. (Warrington), Ltd., at The Baxintiner.`",,ej Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and Publ,l9Lsisi_T them at the same place, and also at 2, The r.;;; otrnt: Offices, Victoria-road.•Wilms. 3 Ge° 1' 11° Ov" Sr. UNLESS. 3, Market-street, EARL09 Church-street, RuNcops, MAW; 2 1912.

- • • 41117

===== 0002601_19120302_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
BANK OFFICIAL'S RETIREMENT.

MR. WM. SILCOCK'S LONG RECORD.

Mr. William Silcock, chief cashier at Parr's Bank' Warrington, has this week retired after forty-eight years' service and the event has been fittingly recognized by a handsome presentation from his colleagues. Mr. Silcock is a native of Warrington and has spent the whole of his life in the "good old town." A on of the late Mr William Silcock, wire manufacturer (who represented the old south-west ward on the Town Connell and was one of the first directors of the Warrington Waterworks Company) he was born in September, 1846. His education was received at Winwick Grammar School, of which the Rev Samuel Burnell, M.A., was the headmaster. Mr Silcock entered the service of Messrs Parr and Co. in 1864 and has eeen the rise and progress of the bank through a long and varied period. In those early days the bank had two branches; now it is one. of the foremost banking institutions of the day, with over 300 branches and important agencies all over the world. When Mr. Silcock first became connected with the bank, it was under the management of the partners and afterwards, before the removal of the head office to London, the late Mr. Dun had charge. He was suceeded by Mr Murray and the present manager is Mr. W. Skinner.

Mr. Si!cock has taken a prominent part in the social and educational interests of the town. He is President of the Literary and Philosophical Society and of the Warrington Cricket and Bowling Club and has also rendered good service on the Council of the Beautiful Warrington :Society. Be is a member of the Wesleyan denomination and has held many impertant offices, including that of superintendent of the Sunday school at Bold-street.

On Wednesday evening the members of the War- rington staff of the bank were the guests of the manager (Mr. W. Skinner), at his residence, Hill. Top, Latchford, and the occasion was marked by a presentation to Mr. Silcock. The gift took the form of a solid silver rose bowl inscribed as follows "Presented to Mr. William Silcock by past and present colleagues of Parr's Bank, Warrington, on his retirement after forty-eight years seryice." The subscribers included not only the whole of the Warrington staff but the chief officials at the , head office in London. Mr. Skinner made the presentation and paid a very high tribute to Mr. Silcock's sterling character and faithful services. Mr J Bernard (sub-manager) added a few well-chosen words and Mr. Silcock, in acknowledging the gift, gave some interesting reminiscences. An enjoyable programme was submitted iicluding songs by Mr H Dixon and Mr Lord, and recitati,ms by Ur W H Brown and Mr T Deakin. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr and Mrs Skinner for their hospitality, on the proposition of Mr J C Macdonald, a happy gathering concluding with " Auld Lange Syne." Mr. I. W. Turton, of Liverpool, a former member of the Warrington staff, will succeed Mr. Silcock as chief cashier.

===== 0002601_19120302_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SOCIETY.

Memorial Tablets to Mrs. Barbauld and Warrington Bridge.

The annual meeting of the Warrington Society was held in the Old Academy on lhuraday evening. Mr E J Hall presided over an attendance of 35 members, and at the outset read letters of apology from the Mayor, Alderman Bennett and Mr Hobert Garnett. The election of officers was then proceeded with. Mr William Long, J.P. was re-elected president. Mr John Fairhnrst resigned the bon treasurership, and a hearty vote of thanks was passed to him for his valuable services. Mr J Foster Jackson was elected to succeed him. Alderman Bennett and Mr James Richardson, jun., were re-eltcted joint secretaries, and Mr Bradshaw was appointed auditor. The following gentlemen form the General Purposes Committee: Messrs G W A Brown, R G S Finney, It Garnett, P C Garnett, L Greening, E J Hall, A T Hallaway, F A Harris, J Fairhurst, J W Slack, J Smith, sad H Grosvenor. In the absence of Aldermen Bennett, Mr. J. IticiwiDsoN, jun., submitted the annual !report which gave an inieresting review of the local events of the yast year. The committee, it was stated, decided to erect a tablet on the site of the residence of Miss Anna Laetitia Aikin (Mrs. Barbauld) no, 8, Dial-street, in commemoration of the fact that she spent fifteen of the happiest years of her life in the -old town, and to mark the centenary of the publication of her famous poem "Eighteen , Hundred and Eleven." It was decided to offer a I premium of two guineas to the student of the School of Art who submitted the most suitable design and this was awarded to Mr. J. A. Allen. The tablet had been beautifully cast in bronze, and would be fixed in the hammered iron framework erected above the gateway of the house which now occupies the site. With regard to the new Warrington Bridge, the report urged upon the Town Council the extreme importance of preserving the spaciousness of its approaches, and the desirability of commemorating the history of its six predecessors by suitable decorative tablets.

‘Cos.outiNn,' Transparent Cement for Glass, China, .to. 6d. and is., post free.—Advt.

MARKET PRICES.

WARRINGTON (WEDNESDAY). FRESH EGOS, 8 SALMON TROUT 13 lea FRESH BUTTER, IS 5d LEMON SOLES. 13 to IS CHEESE, 10d and lid HALIBUT, Is 4d. RABBITS, Is to Is 4cl COD, 6d. Fowts 2s 9d to 3s Id HAKE, Bd. POTATOES, 6e 6d to 73 3 load PLAICE, 6d to Bd. BEEF, scl to 10d per lib. LOBSTERS, 2e per lb. A MUTTON, 5d to 101 cl per lb. SALMON, 13 85 to 23 I" PORK, 6d to 9d per lb. EYHMOUTH HADDOOS, VEAL, 6d to lid. BRILL, Is 4d LARGE SOLES, 13 8d SMALL SOLES, is 10c1

===== 0002601_19120302_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BAPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), MARCH 3RD. PREACHER : REV. J. S. CHEDBURN. Morning 10.30. Evening 6.0. OFFERTORIES.

lIEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. WARRINGTON. Ta'AIORROW (SUNDAY) MARCH 3Ftro, 1912. MORNING 10.30: M. F. WRIGHt. EVENING 6.30: MR. H. BLANE. All Welcome. Hymn Books Provided. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH NVILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. To-MORROW (SUNDAY), MARCH 3RD 1912. PREACHER: REV. WILLIAM REID. 1°35 : " God's Return to the Exiles." 6.30 : "Immortality. "

STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. (TO-MORROW), SUNDAY MARCH 3RD. Morning 0.3O.:1 MR. H. BLANE. Evening 6.30.: MR. R. H. SUTTON. All Welcome. Hymn Books Provided.

tiATST CHURCH GOLBORNE STREET. TOMORROW kSUNDAY), MARCH 3RD. REV. H. OGDEN. Morning 10.45 : " A Spiritual Arrest. " Weau.....Lvening 6.30 : "The Coal Crisis. " '3' at 8 p.m. • Baptismal Service. COLLECTION.

I WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH Tax, 13E WSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. -40RROW (SUNDAY), MARCH 3RD, 1912. PREACHER : REV. J. YONGE. Morning 10.30 Evening 6.30 NJ; P.S.A. FOR MEN AT 3 P.M. --cONINIUNION AFTER EVENING SERVICE'

.1.4"°11 CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH ANNUAL TEA MEETING, MONDAY, MARCH 11TH, 1912, AT 6.30 PM. FOLLOWED BY LECTU RE BY REV. HERBERT DUNNICO. ,Tubject : "The Church and Social Problems." cketa Sixpence each. may be obtained from MR. J. HEYWOOD, 12, PICKMERE ST., WARRINGTON.

INTERNATIONAL BIBLE STUDENTS' ASSOCIA- TI2N,MARKET GATE ROOMS, WARRINGTON. 10-MORROW (SUNDAY) EVENING, A MARCH 3RD, AT G r.m. tcaLE ADDRESS WILL BE GIVEN BY BUBJ J• W. WRIGHT, OF MANCHESTER. A "GOD'S ANSWER TO CREATION'S Cord' GROANS." Provided. a'j'olcome given. Seats free. Hymm Books Vrr "0 collection. VV ARRINGTON CHURCH SOCIETY. /N LECTURES -r to -liE PARISH CHURCH DURING 11/ „„, 'NEXT FRIDAY, MARCH Sm. "4V. CANON HOWSON, VICAR OF ST. ANDREW'S, SOUTHPORT. to AT 3 rat. FOR WOMEN: 4 Tim POWER OF GOOD THOUGHTS." ,AT 8 P.M. Po n MEN: Gd -"EV. J. B. LANCELOT, PRINCIPAL OF LIVERPOOL COLLEGE. "OUR LORD'S TEMPTATIONS." risKE JUBILEE TRIO WILL GIVE ,A TWO CONCERTS IN THE WESLEY HALL, PADGATE, cm THURSDAY and FRIDAY NEXT, MARCH 7th and Bth, at 7.30 p.m. ARTlsras : MISS EUNA M. MOCARA. Miss LAURA A. CARR. MR. EUGENE M. McADOO. . •rtssioN : Reserved Seats, Is. 6d.; Second Seats st --"'n Seats (limited), 6d. Open at 7. Friday all door. 0-17, Al. CO 15-11, T- A HEATRE, WARRINGTON. ETO • SIR s. OPRIF ltg • R JOSEPH BEECHAM. AcTlPtsa, MANAGER: MR. A. M. LOADER. '4°l\ll3-`1 ssaoEß : ME. H. L. WARBURTON. Ay vs .I.IIE ~ARCH Trir, & FIVE FOLLOWING NIGHTS. iiCI_AeILD GIRL OF THE FOREST." .13? MRS. F. G. KIMBERLEY. 110, Times and Prices as Usual. )04

WRR IN GT ON ' MUSICAL SOCIETY. „Al, ,p.RE..9IDENT : SIR G. GREENALI„ BART., C.V.O. IP NE(DHIRD SUBSCRIPTION CONCERT, rch 0 HALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 20Th, j re. 4 , DVORAK'S Tr. 0 • 1. -11 E FOOT OF THE CROSS" pia /iltn „ (STABAT MATER). .HSCELLANEOUS SECOND PART. ARTISTES :- 0"-A ti 7C. • MADAME SADLER-FOGG le ...0.,.., - • R.A.LTo: MISS DORA ARNELL 35t6 -.°ll 'll MR. JOSEPH CHEETHAM. • tb°l Ttit, Ass , MR. JAMES COLEMAN. at,,ll4licrlbl:l4AN OF RESERVED SEATS will open to 'eo Vhe Da,4o SATURDAY NEXT, MARCH 9th, and WEDNESDAY, MARCH 130, at 13efrr: 'i, -4reseßr.e.ll. PIARSON'S, Bridge St. Tickets for '4 seats at DAWSON'S, Sank eV at._ iltbe: . \--v----:-------._______l±ONEL FAIRCLOUG , Hon. Sec. ELspr DISESTABLISHMENT 1 AND otli DISENDOWMENT. A, , tile PROTEST MEETING, HALL, MONDAY, MARCH 18m. r u.kltiop SPEAKERS : oP LIVERPOOL, BISHOP OF LLANDAFF JOHNSON, ESQ. (Llandudno).

tar _ V 41111INGTON PROGRESSIVE LABOUR LEAGUE. ETING FOR MONDAY NEXT POSTPONED UNTIL MONDAY, MARCH lITn, IN WYCLIFFE HALL.

e, Wit 'i r, ~ ''''INGTON JUNIOR LIBERAL ASSOCIA- JJecie 11tr)314 (1, ity TION. -LuEETING CO-OPERATIVE HALL, ,tte. beo, SANKEY STREET. Ci fiC. ll PRIMA-, MARCH hiiii. 1912 baa Mr. 1,7 hPEAKERS : tbet 0, * ' V • C. G. GLADSTONE, M.P. !eel k p -LYI., - OLIVER AND OTHERS. i 0 o ilil -.-W--- 1.1-.,y, pARTICULARS LATER. te ARRINGTON CHILDREN'S SUMMER Rnltlboti,AL MEETI,s,G at the t h OLD ACADEMY, -el eLijcP.T., on FRIDAY next Bth MARCH, at "- All sympathisers are cordially invited. W. H. J. JENKINS, Hon. Secretary.

911' I to tbe,

hirer WARRINGTON PERMANENT ; itllo iyit'l,,,OTlcp. -. BENEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY. ifs lirE REBI r GIV LI that tha ne d A _,NmNe cUt lAnLg tVp °LhOOllnßuing year, o'clock on thi3er "3111_e the i -NING ,at 8 o7cill 1t beheld CAIROTHURSDAY. ST i ° bivid next, March 7th. 443 will be aid at the Secretary's Office, No. N__o. :1•4:1)t i 2-3 'treat P on Saturday, March. 9th, from 10 0 P.m. and 2to 4 p.m. , warrinston. A. H. CLIA E, Secretary. Vii:NTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. EDUCATION COMMITTEE. RVELTN STREET COUNCIL SCHOOL. HEADMASTER. ntAthillteetions are invited for the post of Headmaster_ tho4ol dePartment of thaabove-namecl new Council t"Deued. (accommodation 420), which is soon to be fjhtl c rr, 44ortrih°11-718:atel7cei:rg: SiatlawrYillwthi with the Committee's scale of salaries, uponlelnbebeatdetneiratetley of St netlib...4llB attendance of the department for the period pu_a,Oen the 31st March, 1013. nhtitiZ,r particulars and forms of application can be . from tti J. MOORE MURRAY, M.Sc., ucatiou 011 i 4114,, cc. rd Secretary and Director. .)!, , Warrington. -' cebruary, 1912

PALACE AND HIPPODROME ONCE NIGHTLY AT 7-30. Early Doors 6-45. Ordinary Doors 7.45. Commence 7-30. MONDAY NEXT, MARCH 4TH By arrangement with Mr. Robert Courtneidge, Messrs. ARTHUR HART AND LESLIE MORETON'S COMPANY, in the Great Musical Comedy' Success THE ARCADIANS FANTASTICAL MUSICAL PLAY IN THREE ACTS, by MARK AMBIENT and A. M. THOMPSON. Lyrics by ARTHUR WIMPERIS. Music by LIONEL MONCKTON and HOWARD TALBOT. AS PLAYED FOR NEARLY 3 YEARS AT THE SHAFTESBURY THEATRE. FULL CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA. Stalls, 2g.; Early Doors, 2s. 6d. Circle, is.; Early Doors, Is. 6d. Pit, 6d.; Early Doors, 9d. Gallery, 4d.; Early Doors, 6d. Seats may be Booked : Stalls, 2s. 6d. Circle is. Gd. Private Boxes 10s. 6d.

PICTUREDROME. SANKEY ST. NEXT TO G.P.O. MONDAY NEXT, MARCH 4Th, THE KNAVE OF SPADES. A GREAT DETECTIVE DRAMA. THURSDAY NEXT, MARCH 7TH, THE LIFEBOAT. A THRILLING STORY OF THE SEA. TIMES AND PRICES AS USUAL

IFRANCIS CHARLES DIXON, 131, Rostock st., 1 Warrington, will not be responsible for any debts unless personally contracted after this date, MARCH 2nd, 1912.

HAIRCOMBINGS I made up z/- per Da. COVERLETTE I TAILS OF 1 PROM HAIR FRAMES, I PURE 5/6 FROM 3[6 IAcH. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECH ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is prepared to receive loans, either at six months notice or for a term of years.—Application to be made to the BOROUGH TRIOASURER, Municipal OR Ices; Warrington.

WILLIAM COOKE, F.R.C.0., Profbasor of Music. Pupils obtained Advanced Honours, Organ and Pianoforte in Associated Board exams., R.A.M., and R.C.M. and Trinity. College, London, obtaining exhibi- tions, gold and silver mecIais.—BROOKFIELD VILLAS, Lymm, and 121, Church at., Runcorn. BRADFORD BARTON VIOLINIST. MEMBER OF TIM HALLE ORCHESTRA, LEADER OF THE BARTON STRING QUARTET, LEADER OF THE JEAN-BRADFORD STRING QUARTET MEMBER OF THE BARBER STRING QUARTET, &C TEACHES AT DAWSON'S MUSIC WAREHOUSE, 59, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

HOSPITAL SUNDAY, MARCH 10ru, 1912 SERMONS WILL BE PREACHED and COLLECTIONS MADE AS UNDER : Parish Chur h Morn. Rev. A. J. Brett. Even. Rev. Canon Willis. St. George's Mission Even. Rev. .1. M. Backmaster. St. Clement's Mission Even. Rev. T. Vickers. tit. Paul's Church Morn. Rev. E. E. Peters. Even. Rev. W. Bracecamp. All Saints' Mission Even. Rev. J. H. Bankes. Christ Church Latchford Rev. G. C. Brigga, M.A. Even.Rev.W.HendyCock,B.So St. James' Church Morn. Rev. G.D. Wray. Even. Rev. E. M. Swift. St. Hilda's Mission St. Bamabas Church Morn. Rev. G. A. Coupe. Even. Rev JUG Hollingworth St. Peter's Church Morn. Rev. J.H. Garnett. Even. Rev, B. Percival. St. Ann's Church Morn. Rev. F. C. Shirtcliff Even. Rev. J. Davies. Training College Chapel Even.Rev. Canon Stevenson. Winwick Church Morn. Rev. Canon Penrhyn. Even. Rev. J. T. Owen. Houghton Green Mission Aft. Rev. J. T. Owen. Grappenhall Church Morn. Rev. E. Gunner. Padgate Church Morn. Rev. Canon Stevenson. Even. Rev. G. W. Dickinson. Woolston Mission Aft. Orford Church Morn. and Even. Rev. G. Vale Owen. Croft Church Morn. and Even. Rev. H. I. Wadeson. Stratton Church Morn. and Even. Rev. C. A. Griffin. Sacred Heart Church Morn. Rev. W. Rockclill. Even. Rev. M. Dowley. St. Benedict's Church Morn. Rev. R. A. Dawson. Even. Rev. T. 0. Swarbrick. Wycliffe Church Morn. and Even. Rev. J. Yong.. Bewsey Rohd Wes. Church Morn. Rev. E. Morgan. Even. Rev. H. Williamson. Bold-street Wes. Church Morn. Rev. H. Williamson. Even. Rev. E. Morgan. Sankey Bridge Wes.ChurchMorn. Mr. H. S. Atkin. Even, Mr. J. Gill. Ellesmere-street Was. a. Even. Mr. J. Bailey. Penketh Wesleyan Church Morn. Rev. H. Williamson. Even. Rev. E. Morgan. Padgate Wesleyan Church Morn. Mr. S. Brown. Even. Mr. R. J. Moss. Lymm Wesleyan Church Blom. and Even. Rev.R. C. Hutchinson. Moore Wesleyan Church Morn. and Even. Mr. C.J. Brocklehurst. Martinscroft Wes. Church Afternoon and Even. Rev. W. A. Beckett. Antrobus Wes. Church Morn. and Even. Mr.Thomason. Kent Street Mission Morn, and Even. Cairo-street Unitarian Ch. Morn. and Even. Rev. Dr. S. A. Mellor. Croft Unitarian Church Aft. Rev. R. S. Redfern. Hill Cliffe Baptist Church Morn. and Even. Rev. G. Curtis. Emmanuel Church Morn. and Even. ,Rev. W. T. Jaye. St. John's Pres. Church Morn. and Even. Rev. W. Reid. Legh-street P.M. Chnrch Morn. Rev. W. Cooper. Even. Mr. H. Billingham. Latchford P.M. Church Morn. Mr. I. Griffiths. Even. Rev. W. Cooper. Friars Green I.M. Church Morn. Mr. W. Durant. , Even. Mr. J. Jarman. Buckley-street I.M Church Morn. and Even. Mr. T. Dale. Stockton Heath I.M. Morn. Mr. R. Bold. Even. Miss V. Taylor. Workingmen's Mission Morn. and Even . Mr. J. Thomas. St.Thomas'Stockton Heath Morn. Rev, W. Hendy Cock. Even. Rev. E. Gunnor. Brick Street Church Morn. and Even. Mr. W. Brown. MARCH 3HD. Lymm Church Morn. and Even. The Rector. MARCH 17TH. Stockton Heath Wee. Ch Morn. Mr. Mose. Even. Rev. R. C. Hutchinson ALF. 3. JOLLEY, Hon. Soo.

STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS,A OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXII AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, .to. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON

WARRINGTON UNION TENDERS.— PERSONS WILLING to Contract for the supply of any of the undermentioned articles, to be delivered free of expense at the Workhouse,Warrington, or Cottage Homes, Pad gate, at such times and in such quantities as the Guardians or their officers may require, are requested to send in tenders to me not later than 5 p.m. on Tuesday the 12th March, 1912, and the same will be considered by the Guardians at it meeting to be held on Wednesday, the 13th March, 1912. From lot April, 1912, to 31st March, 1913. Uniforms for Male Officers. Milk—(Workhouse and Cottage Homes). Alternate prices to be quoted for 1 year's supply and 3 years' supply from lot April, 1912. From Ist April, 1912, to 30th September, 1912. Coal and Slack Groceries and Necessaries Clogs Butchers' Meat Crockery Thirds Boots, Shoes and Slippers Flour and Oatmeal Coffins Bread for Cottage Homes Brooms and Brushes Drapery Leather and Shoemakers' Wines and Spirits Necessaries Beer and Stout Tailors' Goods Men's Suits Butter,Bacon,Choese,Lard Ironmongery and Margarine Macintosh Sheeting. Cutlery Drugs Tobacco and Snuff Dressings Fish;and Ice Soda Water Tea Paints, &c. Separate Tenders must be sent for the Workhouse and Cottage Homes, and Samples of the articles required can be seen at either Institution between the hours of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. The fuel to be supplied must be according to the specification as set forth on the tender form, and quota- tions must be made for delivery either to the new siding adjoining the Workhouse or by cart, and by cart to the Cottage Homes. Forms of tender, and instructions to persons tender- ing (which must be strictly complied with) may be , obtained from the undersigned. All accounts will be paid monthly. The Guardians do not necessarily bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. ' By Order, ARTHUR BOTTOMLEY, Clerk to the Guardians. Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, 23rd February, 1912.

Tele lv. ATI-% Tel. 263 The Jump iv.cunn ea, 263 (Opposite Royal Court Theatre.) RYLANDS STREET, WARRINGTON. Best House itl Town for Uptztozdate Furnishing ALL GOODS GUARANTEED. Special Discount for Cash or Terms Arranged to Suit Customers. Bentwood Chairs and Card Tables In any Quantities, for Sale or Hire.

WIDNES. GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. £5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. A' B.,,pectableElonseholderti, on their own security, with. BOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS or . delay, on our simple written promise to pay back. LIN CANISTERS 5D., DD., AND Is. BD. EACH. FAIR AND EIONOURABLE DEALINGS. WHOLESALIN BY J. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. J. GEDDES & SON LTD. WARRINGTON JOHN E. GOODWIN, MANAGER.

SPRING FASHIONS. W. Hodgkinson Ltd. request the favour of a visit to a mpst interesting Showroom Display of Millinery, Model Gowns and Novelties on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday next the sth 6th and 7th instant. Afternoon Tea will be provided. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

Would you like a Watch as Pi FREE GIFT. You may obtain one by entering the Competition now commencing under the auspices of the Warrington and District Grocers and Provision Dealers Association. Ask your grocer about it, and, if you have not already _tested the quality of GOLDEN 'FLEE' eE MARGARINE Ask his opinion of that also.

A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT, FROM ARTHUR MOUNFIELD, TEL. 99 BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. Red or Salt-glazed Finish, 13s. 6d. Prices Quoted for Fixing. Illustrated List on Application.

PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. Pfucx COLON lAL FOREIGN PATENT LAWS

B°ROUGH OF WARRINGTON INCORPOR- ATED PERMANENT BUILDING SOCIETY. THE ANNUAL MEETING will be held in my office Leah at., Warrington, on Wednesday, March 6th, 1912, at 7 o'clock in the evening. T. A. SUTTON, Manager.

Marmalade Season 1912. FINEST SEVILLE ORANGES and PURE CANE SUGAR can be obtained from Wm. OWEN & SON, Family Grocers, 15, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

Free use of orange cutter to customers.

Catalogues free by post on application. 34 to 48, LONDON=RD., LIVERPOOL.

Eggs, Poultry, etc. NO DEAD CHICKS By using only ARMITAGES' DRY CHICK FOOD It will pay you. Chicks reared on this Food elope weigh 20oz. at 5 weeks, commence to lay at 5 montba* An Bd. bag (by post Is.) rears 12 Chicks till 3 weeks old. Bags 4d., ed., is. 4d., 2s. 6d., etc. Makers : ARMITAGE BROS., LTD., POULTRY FOOD SPECIALISTS, NOTTINGHAO AGENTS: CARTER & SON Bridge St. Warrington. BUFF ORPINGTON Eggs splendid winter layer, 3s. per dozen.—J. STUILINGS, Trusley, Etwiun Derby.

4 LIGGS FOR SITTING.—SaImon Favor°lles are -124 speciality, 3s. 6d. per dozen; great laYer!e: special pen, ss. Order early.—A. WADE, Ashton ti°l.l" Ashton, Chester.

VIGGS from fowls selected for good colours, t,Yro -1-2 A and utility, S.C. Rhode Island Reds 3s. 6d., 7,:e Black Leghorns 3s. 6d., Buff Leghorns 3s. doze 0•401 BROOKE, 10,Hubberton Sowerby,Sowerb y Bridge,/8 RELIABLE fertile EGGS,Dorking cooks, Wyse. 60 ; and Faverolles, hens, 2s. 6d. dozen ; 9s. carriage paid ; broody hens, 3s. 9d.—STA.PLANDS HA' Broad Green, near Liverpool. EGGS' from grand pen of Buff Orpingtons by cockerel winner, 2nd Horsham 2nd haes--fta. 7s. 6d. for 13 ; second pen 3s. 6d. for 13 ; carriage , FRANCIS, Rudywick, Sussex. jos GGS from Prize Bred Anconas, grand t7l) bis -124 specimen and the beat Winter Layers obtai,etrts ' 3s. per sitting • nnfertiles replaced,—Hata. 41" Lincoln, Frodingham, Scunthorpe. XH IB ITIO N and Utility White Wyandottes ; 124 from 10s. 6d. each ; eggs 215., 10s. 6d. and 7e;.roi per dozen ; unfertiles replaced if returned.---" es, -WILKINSON, Merrilock's Poultry Farm, BlunldelB9l-

SOMETHING THAT INSURES GOOD WORK. 'THE STAND BY OF WORKING MEN. 'The best health insurance is a cup of Vi-Cocoa night and morning. A cup at night because it will insure You rest while you sleep and a clear head when you wake. A cup in the morning because it will insure You good work while you are at work, and the power to "JaY yourself when you've done work. , Working men everywhere stand by Vi-Cocoa, 15eoause Vi-Cocoa stands by them. It helps them to work well, to play well and to live well. Hundreds .1:u1 thousands have agreed that there never was a better beverage for working men than Vi-Cocoa. Get a On your way home to-night, and you'll agree too. b "1" Vi-Cocoa a trial. Never mind what you've een drinking at breakfast or supper in the past, st.. art drinking Vi-Cocoa to-day —you'll feel the benefit et it at onre. Da_not ask your grocer for" Cocoa "—ask for • Warta' ,•,;•Tt makes all the difference. Every grocer sells l'ecaaa in 6d. packets and 9d. and Is. 6d. tins.

TELEPHONE 337 x. LARGAINS IN PIANOS, &C. IRAN° BRINSMEAD. 25 0 0 111100 vs CHAPPELL £8 0 0 VIANo £8 10 0 lA' Rio, BROADWOOD, 40SEWOOD CASE. PANG BY R. ALLISON, 212 0 0 WALNUT CASE. PAN° BY JNO. BROAD WOOD. £l3 0 0 ?lAN° BY lIY. WAGNER. £l9 10 0 PIANO 222 0 0 IRON FRAME, BY UPTON GILL. b,ON FRAME, OVERSTRITNO, £2B 10 0 33Y GORE & KALEMANN. PAN% FAME, OVERSTRUNG, £34 0 0 LA,E ST IMPROVEMENTS, By TLY USED. OPKINSON. 1, EACH PIANO FULLY WARRANTED. nil ril"eY allowed on these Pianos if exchanged for more expensive instruments. TUNED FREE FOR 12 MONTHS. TERMS: FROM Bs. PER MONTH. WADSWORTH'S, 89, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

BEST HiiiiE COAL

FS & SLACK, WASHED NUTS BEANS 81 PEAS, CROMPTON & SHAWCROSS LTD., Colliery Proprietors, DALLAM LANE, WARRINGTON. 411 inquiries to F. W. PRAEGER, District Agent.

• • • _ , NAIR DESTROYER IS James' Depilatory orBtA.-,1 ie, us Hairs from the Neck,face,! ,q, trrns, wjiiiveut § injure to .the skin. Of most chemists:)_ 1 Postal ;ee,frora Observation post free on receipt._,..AliEs.s6B, 'Alea Or is. 3d, 2s 9;1. or 5)—Mrs. j London, N. I°TALISATOR SWEEPSTAKE ON THE LlNerk wLNsHIRE HANDICAP m,,sEi oveALISATOR, LUCERNE, SWITZERLAND, "IRL'VRD a SWEEPSTAKE on the _ LINCOLN- dANDICAP, run March 26th, 1912. , Th, , TICKETS, 5/- EACH. 4•ltlnitswaPle of the Proceeds from theub.Saeleet 'asd,i„,. Nvill be Distributed in Prizes, ti°S 'wll)vt-I °t 16,1 commission and expenses of fo theth e 1'4111,, cilstrruir ultriegd the as f Sweepstake. The netj in proceedse°n n- i 567„ to the WINNER. to the SECOND. 1., to the THIRD. Tot '',."lvided Equally between Unplaced Horses. ' '4lri,t'alLsator Rules audDates of Closing of Pools for g '''landicaps sent Free on application. ,4%t stictitd,„strac!.. from Press" opinionsit( : The Totalisator) illat nu 4044. 1 ith'l"B : It tVewould be my duty to balloore it.„ cure concern anY Rzpress " July 11th 1908 :—" Whatever the . itr1:111 r, -13Pycitntteg8,i,v,T' IltgoA'rct;l;B . , toh'in g ,will be straight" A strong syndicate." tOti in tii"enendent' " Dec. 3rd, 1909.—" A reliable wineni• n rel3ll'igi:P'st." Jul 30th, 1910 :—" An enviable Straightforward dealing." 1 e,i, ' ',pug. Bth, 1910:—., Colossal odds." , seagegiciiilleess,''Jan.26th, 1911 :—" The Totalisator b ank" P r LittllE S 1 lANAte BLANCHARD'S 111 STEEL PILLS ktr,,,,privallea fOr rill Irregularities, &e, they speedily o Au' tILA rereLlet and never fail to alleviate all suffering. are the Beet of all Pills for , .t.lStirll"llli Cr box, of all Chemists, or post free from Afrrvu ; . -----=--_—__ ---il, Ltd., 34, DALSTON LANE, LONDON e

Do your Eyes Trouble You? - . rA. ‘`r 1(8 iiP 0 things ever seem to grow misty and ? This is a warning of Eyestrain— You should have your eyes tested. eglect can only add to the trouble. BY 'ex scientific tests we could tell if you th Glasses, and in that case supply °se which would give the greatest /Possible benefit. Call to-day. ARCHER 6 SONS Eyesight Specialists. LORD STREET Qvitb. 1848. - LIVERPOOL

--- -.-_-____ ,„ ---- --------- Q: K kil I.N. These tiny Capsules relieve • 'Kidney tuld Bladder Trouble i promptly and cure in forty-eight hOurs. Ertl Sold Capsulebears the M I DI name „ Al, dY. by all Chemists or post free 38. 619 from "........"...-----"----.....2 r

~,,....„ ' :::',........'.:....... :' ......',..;::„.....,:*. . ' ' ' • •••,E4'40iii•V,...:„... ~,,.•..., •,.., '• ~,,,,.. ,'• • ~,,,....,,,,,,,,....,,,...-.., .... • ..... • ...,..... , •...........„,............,,,,,, . ......:...:',..::'•,;.?...•?:.". . •••-.•':',,:' .„„. iiitt',........:••••i:%'..':'.':•:''::::::.' .:•:•'.''....':';<.:':3f;):::::....t:.-'...... ._,,,..:,..*i0!....N.::A:................i....:'.:'...-..:.....:.i,...,....k.:.::-??..-::.. .'.-..:0'.',.'..'::..,:::i...7;:....1.:7:';'.......:-...:.:V4iit*itgi''3•:;.;,:.::-:'.'.',.::.:<.:''':.'k''.','::......::...1:ii..........: . ~ ' ...• '' , . .... ••• ......:.....f.':,.. '.'',. '',........., ' ..,:::':',. ''' ~... .. .... ...,.... • . •••••. . ~..............,...... . ~ ........ ........... . , . . —............... , . ..... ........ . . ........ . . . , .., • . ......... . ‘. ....... ....,...... ... " --- " ' . • •—• --- • '• ~....• . _ • . ....... .......... • . • ... .. „...... .. .......... ........... „ ~......z. .... ....,....... .......,,,, '..... , , ..:',,,?,,,.•.•.: ~..-",' • ............,.... • • .. ............, ..• ...... '...... „.. . , ... ,:.. ::...,....,..,.... •• ...... - ..•...,..... ....,..., . .. . . .....„.„.............„..........„.„ ••••, ..is:,'•:':f......A'' seiGNI. e t tw n_y SIGNOR England of twenty L ce from Composer, • i on an absence Italian where Composer, Signor After famous enthusiastic ~on, . s, the , an k in London, years, hat' this wee- opera ' Cavalleria hisl% f a s appearance will month.tienna, R s lieu " for a becouductingliis

Dszeirsz ?Tams fa EMI • Pita.. b.% DXSTILOW2 literma... to Ammon 11•1•411, aremeartle • Weer Animal.. NW& 2/.011•2•• sr. • Fr. fres—. DANYSZ VIRUS, Ltd., Box 216 IL lartanhall M."L.4.NAL a .11 ea....

. : • e V.§ . atiA • .151tik.,•‘,, A • $:," • , NEW REIGNING PRINCESS. By the death of the Grand Duke of Luxem- burg, his eldest daughter, the Grand Duchess Mary, becomes a European reigning princess. She is only seventeen years of age, and will be under the regency of her mother.

DPP ORK Sausages, guaranteed 2lbs. post free, cash 1/1. 1. Pressed goods, lists free.—REEVES, Isleworth. HOTOGRAPHIC POSTCARDS of Actresses, 6d. per set.—D. EVANS, 21, Duncan Terraco, London, N,

TOMATO Plants, strong, Tuckswood, Wilson, Earl; Market, Ripper, 61ns. 455. 1,000, se. 100, Se. 50, Is. doz. ; carriage paid, cash with orde r.—La Tisstart, Manor View, Guernsey.

HARDY PERENNIALS 6 for 3d., Gallardias Rockets, Cornflowers, Montbretias, Campanulas, Wallflowers, Sunflowers, Double Sunflowers, 2d. each. Tree Lupins, Cotton Lavender, Oriental Poppies, 2s. 6d. orders carriage paid.—BRAUND, Mount Pleasant, Sheldon. South Devon.

Illry us. Sample Solutions 6d. and stamp. Ads. in •AL Tit-Bits, Weekly Dispatch, etc.—"WriTslifita WINNERS," 6a, Devizes rd., Swindon. QPECIAL offer, beautifully tiCished enlargement and 12 postcards from any photo, 38.-1 THoursoN, Photographer, 54, Blake st., Barrow-in-Furness. 64 PAGE BOOK about HERBS and How to Use Them, tree; send for one.—TRIMML, The Herbalist, 144 Richmond rd., Cardiff. Established 1879

FISH and CHIP BUSINESS, good district, near mills, owner leaving town ; no reasonable offer refused. No agents.-141, STOCKBRIDGE RD., Padihain or Burnley.

30/2" lstpiDriotsze.nassCoaartee,d,coalyaiangderlauird4,,d:ainr, se I laonucis value parties free.—C. Parker, Fleece at,. Rochdale. 66 V( A GBEL" RAZORS, 2/6, 3/-, 3/6, 4/6, are the acme of perfection. J. G. DODD, 4, MANCHESTER-ST., LIVERPOOL

CIOMPANY HOUSES at valuation; all sizes and prices.—Boont, Greenhill, Blackpool. HOUSE, modern, 41 acres freehold ; no chief; large garden ; poultry, cotes, appliances ; situa- tion ideal.—THomas Moss, Doodfield, Marple. MARKET GARDEN at Matlock,with Villa, Orchard, Hot-Houses, Piggeries, Hen-Houses, etc. ; 21 sores ; close station, £3o.—Apply L., 3, Cairns at., Li vernool.

WEIY hc+ Raid? Vaughan's "Hairgro'er" speedily produces luxuriant hair. Most a stonishing results. Trial box VAUGHAN, 30, Fatrant Avenue, Wood Green, London, N.

TO B SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY.—Three very E excellent compact arable Farms of about 70 to 80 acres each, situated about 4 miles from Warrington, and within l miles of a Railway Station, together with 8 Cottages suitable for farm labourers. The Houses and farm buildings are in good repair and the land in excellent condition. For further particulars Apply to JOHN WHITE & Co., Estate Asents,Warrineton.

ASTROLOGY.—EVENTS, CHANGES, FORTU- NATE Days, Business Success, Matrimony. Send birtbdate, 6d. P.O.—Prof. CAIRO, 78, Pearl Buildings, Portsmouth.

WELLINGTON COLLEGE WELLINGTON, SHROPSHIRE. One of the Finest-equipped Boarding Schools in Europe, Prospectus on application to Secretary or Principsl.

R- ADIATORS to be cleared cheap; Manufacturers of all kinds of Radiators, Bonnets, Petrol and Oil Tanks, Wings, Silencers, General Sheet Metal Workers.—A. ()REHM & Co . , 56, 58 and GO, Chapel at., Salford. Tel. 2191 Central.

MHE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS WARRlNGTON.—Kindergarten and Prepara- tory School for Boys.—Principal, MISS DRING, L.L.A.A.C.P. Staff includes B.A. and L.R.A.M. Half Term begins Tuesday, February 27th, 1912. CH. DAWSON, Teacher of Music.—Schools . visited, special course for School Teachers Elementary and Advanced, Sight Singing, Ear Training, Tonic Solfa' Solo Singing. Pupils prepared for A.R.C.M. andL.R.A.M. In Pianoforte Playing. Recent success.

CYCLE Air Tubes absolutely free. Cycle 5,000 cover, Valve Tube, patching Rubber, repair Bands, pedal Rubbers, Cushion Tyres, Pram Tyres, /kc. Makers prices. Lists free.—SPEED TYRE Co., Wolverhampton.

SCOTCH WHlSKEY.—Scotland's Finest Product, Old Mac Special Liquer, 414.6 d. bot., 525. doz. Old Mac 12 years old, 4s. hot., 465. doz. Tartan Label, 8 years old, as. 6d. hot., 40s. doz. Cash with order. Carriage paid.—R. P. MeLEOO & Co„ Maryhill, Glasgow.

MABLE Knives, Sheffield made, no imitations, for -1- cash free by post only. saving shop profit ; large 1/11, 2/9, 3/2, 4/3, 7/9 ; small 1/10, 2/7, 3/-, 3/3, 7/- for 6, id. per knife extra for 3 ; samples 5d., 7d., Bd., 10d., is.; it not satisfactory and returned next day in same con- dition exactly, money ref unded.-.-THOS. BARNES, Agent, 93, Market at., Manchester.

Apartments, Furnished Houses, Bcc. mORECAYIBE, W.E.—Mrs. FIRTH. Ferorlene, 80 Regent rd. Comfortable APARTMENTS, 28 per bed each night ; piano, bath. Special winter terms with or without board. WEST RlRBY.—Homely APARTMENTS, near Promenade; moderate.—Mrs. WALLAR, York- shire House, 21, Church rd., W.

Hotels. Hydros, Boarding Houses LONDON.—WILD'S First-class TEMPERANCE HOTELS, 30 to 40, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. Electric Lift. Central for Business or Pleasure. Also at 70 and 71, EUSTON SQUARE. Close to Easton. St. Pancrss, and King's Cross Stations. Home Comforts, Cleanliness, and Quiet.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEORIA.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. Cijoja PARTIES, PICNICS Scc., TESTIMONIALS PROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

64 MATRIMONIAL POST."—Largest Agency throughout the World. Clients everywhere. Sealed envelope 6d.—KING, 15, King's Terrace. Soothsea.

6 6 TLIE MATILINIONIAL CIRCLE," an introduo tory journal, conducted on strictly honourable principles. Moderate inclusive fees. Post free. Sealed en,felope, Gd.—Eprrott, 18, liogarth rd., Earls Court.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. The old and tried remedy that stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CH LORODYNE. Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA. REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The original can be bad of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE. IS THE NAME; is. lid., 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d. the prices DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

TO £l,OOO. MHIS IS THE ONLY OFFICE WHERE PRIVATE LOANS ARE GRANTED to all persons worthy of credit without publicity or Money-Lenders' routine. If you require a PRIVATE LOAN, and honourably intend to repay, then waste no time on tempting adverts. It is admitted by hundreds of clients that our business is conducted in a straightforward manner. Repayments can be arranged as follows, or as mutually agreed upon. £5 loan 1/6 weekly £5O loan 10/- weekly £lO „ 3/- weekly I £lOO „ UV- weekly £25 „ 6/- weekly I £2OO „ 35/- weekly Interest from 2s. in the R. No connection with any other office. M. SEFTON, LTD., MISS COTTERILL) MANAGERESS, Si, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON

STOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL STOCKTON HEATH, WARRINGTON. (3 minutes from car terminus,) Day and Boarding School for Girls, Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys. Large house, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great Successes in examination. Prospectus, references, and views on appliostion, to MISS PARTINGTON. Princiosl.

CIVIL kiERVICE PPOINTMENTS. A THE CHANCES OF A U!LIFE-TIME AGE. Boy Clerks l5-16 Second Division Board of Trade l7-25 Girl Clerks Lady Clerks Female Learners Male Learners Customs-Excise Tax Surveyors WRITE FOR FREE COPY OF 1912 . SERVICE GUIDE. SKERRY'S COLLEGE, 279 LEECE STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Telt LACKPOOL COMPANY HOUSE and SHOP together or separate, I,Lordst., close to Talbot rd. Station. Eleven bedrooms; no valuation.—FisHEß, Princess st.,Blackpool.

57, CATHERINE STREET, 4s. week. 42, GENERAL STREET, rent 4s. 3d. per week. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good semi-detached, Residence; large garden ; sunny situation; reduced rent. HARKET-GATE, Warrington, good Double Office, most central position in town; good light: £l6. Apply ROBERT Lowg, Estate Agent, No.l Bank Street, Warrington Telephone—No 55

6th Annual STOCKTAKING SALE Genuine Discount of 10 to 20 per cent OFF TILL GOODS Sale ends March 25th.

JOHN NELSON (Eor many years Foreman to the late Mr. H. SINGLETON) begs to announce that he has OPENED THE PREMISES, 69, BRIDGE-STREET close to the Lion Hotel, as a HIGH=eLTISS BUTCHER'S SHOP, And hopes by strict attention to Merit a Share of Your Patronage. Note the Address :- 69, BRIDGE ST., 3/SEKEURINarrorr.

GO SAM N GREEN THE SPOT SHOP, (FISH MARKET.) FOR

FINE ART SHOP, vieTeRIPL SQUARE, STeeKTON HEATH. M. HEWITT & Co" MODERN AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE Always in Stock. Inspection Invited.

PIONEER FURNISSIITOInS. r-m- Latest productions in all departments. LARGE and BEAUTIFUL STOCK to eHOOSE FROM. All about to Furnish should visit this popular up-to-date establishment or SEND FOR OUR LARGE ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE FREE. VALUE STYLE and QUALITY are RIGHT. Cash or Easy Terms. 9 to 19, BOLO STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Tel. No. 123. ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Wcurington). Tel. No. 123. E. Forshaw & Son, Ltd ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, • Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clear Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save so per cent. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS ( any weight); Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, Sm. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars, Dynamos, Steam Engines, Oil Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING Speciality Wok. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to IS-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during an establishment over 60 years.

OPEN CHALLENGE TO SAFETY RAZOg MAKERS.—Rapid Steel Company will forfeit the sum of One Hundred Pounds to any charitable institution if any Razor Maker can produce a Safety Razor or Razor irrespective a price to equal the latest Model Six Bladed Patent 20687 Self-Locking aad setting Safety Razor with holder for stripping la case complete sold at 2s. 11d. The public shall be 00 judges. If the public want to discover what shaving lo comfort is like send 2s. Ild, and same will be sent you post paid, one month's approval After they have- tried our 20687 Safety Razor for one month and find that there is any other Safety Razor to come UP to it including those sold at a guinea we will refund their money and forfeit the above named sum of £lOO. RAPID STEEL COMPANY, 66, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. BUSINESS BY POST. MONEY IMMEDIATELY LENT FROM £lO TO £l,OOO. A Gentleman having a considerable amount of spare Capital is prepared to make Immediate Advances to Ladies, Clergymen, Gentlemen, Farmers, Shopkeepers, and any Respectable Householders at a moderate rata of interest on Note of Hand alone. Business can be completed entirely by post if desired. GENUINE TRADE BILLS DISCONTINUED. STRAIGHT- FORWARD DEALING AND STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Write, stating full particulars and requirements to J. GRlFFlN,Minories Chambers,Minories,Birmingham N.B.—Don't pay Fees or Travelling Expenses, and don't give a Bill of Sale before applying to me.

REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR GOOD TEA. PRICE 2/2, 2/4, 2/6 and 2/8 per lb. THE NATIONAL TEA CO., 16, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON. ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS. The Cheques given with the Tea may be exchanged any day for Household Goods Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent. HEAD ESTABLISHMENT : 50, and 151, Friargate, Preston.

SCOTT'S, RAGLAN RAIN ee/AT TAILOR MADE. Cannot be equalled at the price. , • V.* etA • TU ilk if 0, EASIIRE , FOR SAME • • 1 PRICE.

SCOTT'S 85 HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON. (Next door to the Manchester Clothing Depot)

FOR CHILLY NIGHTS. Discard your heavy overcoat and wear a new CARBIRCORD (Regd.) RAINPROOF, Light, Warm, Smart, Check Lined, Raglan Shoulders, Newest Stripes, 27/6 30/.. 35/.. RAINPROOF, DUSTPROOF, POROUS. WONT SHRINK OR TEAR. Perfect Fit and Style. Patterns on application. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT 10, HORSEMARKET ST. WARRINGTON.

(ENDAL MILNE & Co. EANSGAT E, MANCHESTER. (By Appointment to H.M. THE KING). qrame, " KENMIL." Telephone, 6202 Central)* DISPLAY OF ARLY SPRING FASHIONS. CHARMING MODELS IN MILLINERY, AFTERNOON GOWNS, COATS AND SKIRTS, DAINTY BLOUSES, SMART COATS, TEA AND BOUDOIR GOWNS FOR Early Spring Wear. -- Inspection Invited. New Colourings in DRESS MATERIALS, SILKS, TRIMMINGS, etc. Patterns Post Free. tND AL MILNE & Co.

P.- . eininiture erriets ecorations mat ,w4arnet s ilshed Manufacturers when George IV. was King WARRINGTON and LIVERPOOL (122 Bold Strout).

STOCKIA!I!qh SALE

MILLER & Con, 10, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 386 a.

country. Again Councillor Roberts sets him right by pointing out that for 1909 we imported £130,000 less than we exported. A third mis-statement was cor- rected in the House by Mr. T. C. Taylor,M.P. for Radcliffe, in regard to the woollen industry, which Mr. Smith said was in danger owing to our fiscal policy. As a matter of fact our imports have gone down from five million yards per year to two and three quarter million yards, while our exports have gone up from 48 million yards, to 861/2 million yards. This is a typical Tarff Reform threatened industry, and the argument is typical of Mr. Harold. Smith.

Chapter I Scrubbing Brushes were made for floors, not for table- cloths and sheets. You can get the dirt out without scrubbing. And the stains too. Not with ordinary soaps perhaps. But you can with Fels-Naptha in the Fels-Naptha way. That is simply soaking, rubbing lightly and rinsing. All in cold or lukewarm water. Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C

WAN TED.—Happiness I To which nothing conduces so much as good health. Especially is this the case with children. Steedman's Powders preserve a healthy state of the constitution, and contain no poison. Alway 4 Qbserve thQ za in Eteedmans - -

For free maps, pamphlets and further particulars, apply to— Mr. J. McLENNAN, Canadian Government Emigrat'on Agent, 48, Lord Street, Liverpool.

'MERRYWEATHERS' HAND FIRE PUMP Still the Simplest, Best, and Most Reliable FIRE EXTINGUISHER. I. Nothing to get out of ordcr. 2. Nothing to corrode. 3. Nothing to explode. g 2540 out of the 4199 1 London Fires were extin- = Fished in one year by these Wilmo t I tun ps. ---- CAsnt 1 'Frac or eat—. ~......., ~....,... E 3, LONG ACRE, YU., LONDON. ' c'eoe ..• "1, .0064. osb eil 1 i (0II 6 MS. . .0 00 Ala° 4 ed ' .4,4 nArtige:s. % Utp9Tonte 40.0- t tko, 0 ..,.. .4.01 olife? G. *c, ... . 4 el' til dB k c, ,11\. .., ~,.. -4tit ,;,*, Qithr• -;:ste, 1 4 rie:i *al' fs"' S Ik- e, 7,:.:: dqe Lung Tonic ii.• cAlk 411R4 The most up-to-date, best known .1.:-..0 4i,t4P,17. and most successful Remedy in .1:411t,' the World for .17* It:)11.71, COUGHS COLDS ,L,lt'd 1. Invaluable to SPEAK dr. • RS and all •:.(9.e. sEho suffer from THFFIRATSiNV:AKNE SS. CAUTION:---Ask for "Owbrldge" and take no substitute. Ttus is Lb. Be t , Cheapest and Natest o ay ~,:‘,...A. to ret co erv. e.,_..0v ~;-.?„, W. T. OWBRIDGE. Ltd.. WIPP: Thetl;;7 o**o atory. HULL. own 91td. Established 1874 Sold es eryst here In bottles at .00' 1/14, 2/9, 4/6& 11/- free°. Clett COPYRIGHT. Ql"fesC, o , o ..4.ve ~, • .9 qo , a 0.`404 .....> . •-•-'s -1 - irt7ri''' f. ''',4ll4lstiec. , , P,' 5 -r-. , mr,,,,--m""%==

ei. . Everything's going up EXCEPT Father's Savings Account Bread milk—eggs--beef —hats--- boots clothes everything. But listen! P ) Quaker Oats 44 7-- , kft 4 pi 1 1-}--.. —the most nourishing and economical -'s-= 1 O' A ;I of all foods—has not advanced in price. , „,........rt, Science proves that Quaker Oats supplies more real, vital nourishment at less cost Vtt, v than does any other food. ;, \\ , it, \v" 4, ,c, , .\ 1 ~ /,1 Actual daily practice proves its economy. t Your Palate will prove its deliciousness. ti odoli; The directions for easy cooking, found , ; i 1,51 ,4, , . , on the packet, will prove themselves. • 'b" I I ' AO , No increase in the price. 1 S 4 1 Sgi 40 Meals 6d. , 11., 30(2i :

A ' 4p , I 1 Make a better breakfast bY taking a large cup of Elect Cocoa with it. ,Quickly prepared, quick- IY digested, this pure Cocoa is full of nourish- Its delicious arorna and fine flavour make breakfast a thing to be enjoyed not a meal to be taken with little interest and less profit. ELECT COCOA with the a 4,0^4r /

RYLANDS W.R.C.H. v RUNCORN TALLY HO. Thirty runners rePresenting these clubs turned out from the Recreation Ground, Goreey-lane, and covered a fast course of about six miles at racing pace J Clarke and T Jones maintained a merry gait for about three miles when the latter lost his place and the Royal BILIA of Itylands' was very prominent in the closing stages of the race which, owing to good packing by the wire men resulted in their favour by 18 points. RYLANDS. RUNCORN. C A Harding J Thorniley 3 F Walker A Whitmore I CE Escott E A Burton Warburton 8 T Jones ll II Woods 31 49

Warrington A.C. had a fair muster of novices to cover a five-mile course while their national team spun merrily over about nine miles of good going. W J Bradbury headed the novice section followed by G Wakefield. A Siddall, W Bolton, T Turton, 1 Parsonage, F Shad well, and T Rowlinson were the leading section whilst H K Jepson, E Scott, C Vase. F Antrobus, H Holbrook and W Antrubus came through at a steady pace. Today's fixture is the all importint National Championship at Haydock Park, starting at 3.30 p.m., train leaves Central Station at 2.10 p.m., and as 19 of the best teams (about 223 competitors) in the country have entered, a stirring contest is certain. The holders, Hallamshire, have good reason for confidence, but the Warrington lads will do their best at shaking it. Ilibbins, Glover and Neaves have their followers for the individual honour, Scott and Wallach, if they run, will have theirs, but the locals are hopeful of having a good say in the argument, which is looked upon as a test for the Olympic games.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by 3EI-gips's PILLS. COULD NOT SLEEP WITH PAIN! Woodfall Hill, Downton, Salisbury. ' April 30th. 1911. Dear Sir,—Having used your pills for three years and reaped so much benefit from them I think it my duty to give you a testimonial. Now this last week I had rheumatic gout come in my hand and then in my foot I COULD NOT SLEEP WITH THE PAIN, and the swelling. I had no pills at the time and could not walk. I sent and got a bottle and took two in the morning and by night I WALKED TWO MILES! I always recommend your pills to others and tell them what good they do me. You may use this how you like. Yours truly, F. GOULD. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. of rent post free for stamps or P.O.by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. 23.1.3131E1S GOUT ISZ R

A CUP FOR BOWLERS. At the close of the meeting a handsome silver cup was placed on the table and it was announced that Mr Peter Peacock had presented it for cornpetion amongst the various ward committees during the coming summer. The PRESIDENT said he was sure the Liberal Associa- tion as a whole appreciated very highly that tangible token of Mr. Peacock's interest in Liberalism, and the cup would add a great deal of zest to the games during the ensuing season. (Applause.) Mr. J. CRITCRLEY moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Peacock for his generosity and said the cup would be an incentive to the general body of workers to renewed activity. Alderman TINNION seconded. He remarked that the social aide of politics, as well as the intellectual and constructive aide, was well worth cultivating, and it was a happy thought on Mr. Peacock's part to present such a handsome gift. (Applause). The vote was passed with acclamation. Mr. PEAcocrt,in reply, said his object was to stimulate the workers of the party to greater efforts for the cause which they loved so much. (Applause). The Chairman was thanked for presiding, on the proposition Of Mr. W. BIBBY, seconded by Mr. AL HOWARTH.

Firnlshing Problem

HOW can I increase the pur- chasing power of every pound which I am about to spend on Furniture? The solution of that problem will be Found in our free catalogue and our Showrooms. While we only supplY artistic, sturdily-built furniture, our perfect manufacturing and se ling organisation enables us to quote prices that are much below those charged elsewhere for the same articles'. No matter whether you

Furnish for Cash a:u ron Convenient Pigment System

your money will go farthest if you purchase from us. Facts worth noting.

We allow 2/. In the git d brows nt for Ceeh. Payments can he arranged to suit Customers' convenience. No objectionable agreements tie sign. Every Article manufactured under our own direct control and supervision. We pay carriage to all parts. Goods delivered In Private Vans. Iczez Furnishing Requisite supplied. Value and satisfied Customers account for du phenomenal growth of our business. Guarantee. nWe unhesitatingly refund d the price of any article that does not es,* absolute satisfaction. Pir Welts Sr Gall for Catalogue. 7111

GLOBE' Furnishing Co. U. R. GRANT, Proprietor.) PEMBROKE PLAOE, Liverpool
