===== 0002601_19120203_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CHURCII

===== 0002601_19120203_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
TARAW.—J. FODEN'S WATCH Postponed st itil 3.-1 February 14th. Result will be published 17th lust.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL. OF LYMM. TENDER TOR Bi.Tlplr.:9 OF STABLE AND

CART El ED.

The Urban District Council- of Lymrn invite TENDERS for the BUILDING of STABLE and CART SEIEDin the yard adjoining the Council Offices in Lymm. Plan and Specifications can be seen on application to the Surveyor, Mr. David Mott, at the Council Offices during Office Days and Hours. The Contractor whose Tender is accepted will be required to enter into a form of Contract and Bond under i he Public Health Acts. The Contractor shall also pay all persons engaged or en-ployed by him in the work the rates of wages recognised in this District, and shall observe such hours of labour as are generally accepted as fair in the trades Sealed Tenders to he sent to the undersigned on or I before the 20th day of February, 1912, marked " Tender for Stable, The Council do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. By Order, Cormcil Offices, Whitbarrow, W. WILLARD, Lyrum, 26th Jan., 1912. Clerk to the Council,

===== 0002601_19120203_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
A'

7...-:-.,::::.-.,...-.-::::....1..,?;,-.....,:.'.:..,:•.::-:,---,4.-',:,-,...7.,,,I.:-,.1,....;.:*,.:,,:,:::',-.:-.4....,:.,..;.: . ...,.;::-..::.;:i..:::ii:7,,,:;;;.;:;::fi.;;.;.7.,..i.`i:...i'?.;:cii.!...::::.r:7i;:,,t.7;.t.i*:'.,..:::1

JOHN WALKER & CO., LTD., PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, &c., " EXAMINER " OFFICE,

===== 0002601_19120203_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
J. E. WHITE'S SALE IS NOW O.

. .... . . . . . .. . . „ ._........_ ... . . .. . . ...... .. .....,.. : :::-..,,,...,:,•:.:.-.-::....•:-..--;,::',.•':".-:'::,,.17.-',...:;:c::.'..:::':::-...`.:-:.•.,.:::•.:*.r.'..•.',...,:,.;:-•,7;-.,:._::;;'..::'*.,;<'-::...,.:' :'..':...,""••••-•::::-.' 1

===== 0002601_19120203_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
Up=tozdate Furnishing

A USEFUL

PRESENT

WITH EACH

RING.

THE BEST SELECTED STOCK IN THE DISTRICT.

Complete Range of Prices from 10/- to 50/,

Private Room for Fitting.

Warrington.

RYLANDS STREET, WARRINGTON.

Best House in Town for

ALL GOODS GUARANTEED. Special Discount for Cash or Terms Arranged to Suit Customers.

Bentwood Chairs and Card Tables

In any Quantities, for Sale or Hire.

PATENTS.

4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES ez SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP NEW TO PATENT LAW. Palen COLONIAL FOREIGN PATENT LAWS

STEPHEN M OSS It SONS LIMITED SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS,& OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, PIKE AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, aco. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET. WARRINGTON

Tel. No. 123.

NON-CONDUCTING COMPOSITION MANUFACTURERS for the Prevention of Radiation of Heat from Steam Boilers, Piping, Hot Water Circulating Boilers and Pipes, and all Heated Surfaces. We quote for Covering the above with Maguesia,Si I icate Cotton,Hair Felt,and ourComposi tic n Composition, Supplied in Casks Ready for Application EMERY AND EVANS, Catherine at., Strangeways, Manchester.

A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT, FROM ARTHUR MOUNFIELD, TEL 99

BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. Red or Salt-glazed Finish, 13s. 6d. Prices Quoted for Fixing. Illustrated List on Application.

ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Warrington). Tel. No. 123.

) -t:,,vl. -- • ..f ~, kn,p,, iT .--'' ...-5.,...F . ~..... p,. i -'.o.c. . t;'• ,-,'. ~, .k. , ,\,1,,\ t ~.A iziz,i. 11 _ - • .Cll Ip.''N ‘-,! ttkik it I, Illiet 01114,01 .. 111111110il, il, ~,., 1 '''''-• =i4,- _______>... ~„ -:-....:-...- ..,,,,,,,,

i N ! , :-•-: . ". i „7-....-, . '---•‘7,-., , .-: '' ~, , . t' - H . , .•,. ",-- ~,, ~ . '',...-.i. -';--.;7••! •77---,,,,; - tftil • L :i 31 'fr ill ' I 4 1 ..:„.-. ~ ...,, I: - •• , ... , ~.. 0 •' ,t , . .-. . ; .. 4 7t7t 1 t , 1 ' ' A , , t'; I ' :II 4:- ','..- ': , .. ~.. : ...i.- tt; ' t - "4-sw3s.i'l.! flll ....: ,11 1 . „ . . . ..,„ ~ • -.I . i,. ~ t•I ..• , li! ,••,-.',"..i-..:,-.:-. .1! .1.• i'' . 1 ....,... :11 1 • ... . ',, - • - --; • -., '.. )

===== 0002601_19120203_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
E.

_ Forshaw & Son, Ltd., ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS,

Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 5o per cent. in labour.

BRASS CASTINGS (any -weight); Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam lacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars, Dynamos, Steam Engines, 011 Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING, Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. slotting up to 18-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during an establishment over 60 years.

See Windows for Bargains in Ties, Fancy Vests, Shirts, &c.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
F. HALLETT,

(Maly years with Eustance & Co., late Manager of Miller & Co.)

Bridge Street,

TELEPHONE 381.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
L3;11; The John Maginn eo.

(Opposite Royal Court Theatre.)

A USEFU

PRESEN

WITH EA'

RING.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
Wedding Rings

GOvernmeni From 211.

'4lraftMig. , • • I 4140::.? -• 4 • . mnd Shape, 22-ot A Stamped, i-Round Shape. The Popular Ring, from Flat Shape. Guinea te 801- 20/. to Gold, 22-et Hall-mark- ed, from 128 t 045/.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
TARIFF REFORM AND

EFFICIENCY. EXPORTS OF BOOTS AND SHOES.

The progress of the international race to the right to the title of the largest i exporting country of boots and shoes, s shown in the figures below. Britain and America are far to the front; all other countries are out of it and may be neglected. Our own country had the start, but the progress was slow. In the early years of our record America overhauled us hand over hand, and in 1907 was ahead to the extent of £389,000. The next year we were neck and neck, during the last three years we have again drawn to the front, and in 1911 led by £491,000. Relative progress principally depends upon efficiency in manufacture, and in this machinery plays a large part. The improved machinery introduced into .boot manufacturing has been mostly of American origin. Naturally its effect was first experi- enced in that country,and American progress has been mainly due to this factor. The makers and inventors of any improved machinery abroad, once their home market is supplied, turned their attention to the export market. The Free Trade—i.e the English—market, is naturally the first to be exploited. We get the first offer of the products of the world's brains. It is only after the English demand has been satisfied, or as in this case the American machines are made in England, that exporters turn their attention to countries where the boot manufacturer has to pay the cost plus the tariff. It took a few years before our boot factories were fully equipped, and adapted themselves to the new conditions. This done the result became apparent in increased exports, and diminished imports. For a time we went forward abreast, and other countries, such as France and Germany, were left farther in the rear. During the last few years we have taken a definite lead, leaving to America second place. This can fairly be attributed to the difference of the fiscal policy We have no handicap, we can buy our raw materials and our machines at the lowest price the world can produce, we have the -widest free selection. Roughly speaking half of our boot manufacturers' raw material is drawn from abroad, and no tax however high on imported boots would compensate for a tax, however low, on leather. The propor- tion of imported boots to the number we manufacture is about 2 per cent, while, as we have said, the proportion of leather is 50 per cent. We have heard a proposal to put 71/2 per cent. duty on leather, and 15 per cent. on boots. As far as the boot manufac- turer is concerned he would be far worse off under such an arrangement than at present. Since the introduction of the machinery named, the imports of boots have been steadily diminishing. What we still import are mainly specialities which the British manufacturer does not care to touch. When we get facts of this sort we realise how wide of the mark are the ideas taught and implied in Tariff Reform Exhibitions, where samples of imported boots are shown to teach how the workers are deprived of labour which would gain them a livelihood. At these Exhibitions the main idea seems to be that we should work more. The main cry is to "make work," as though work were an end in itself. If the workers think their chief good is to be found in doing more work they ought to go for taxing imports; but if their aim be to do less work, and at the same time have more welfare, they should stand by free imports. If the difference between making a special class of boot in this country compared with the cost of the imported article were 10 per cent. in labour cost, then a 10 per cent. duty might keep the imported boots out. If the cost to consumer is not to go up lOper cent., then the wolikers could solve the difficulty by working eleven hours for the same pay instead of the ten they work on the boots for exports which effect the exchange. The object of the Tariff Reformers would then be achieved. More work would be called for, but there would be no increase in the value of the product. If on the other hand the extra cost is handed on to the buyer then he must either go without the boots (thereby stopping the demand) or he must go without something he at present buys, equally diminishing the labour demand. The Tariff Reformers display a strange want of appreciation of the difference between work and its result, the product. The two things are treated as synonymous and con- sidered (if they are considered at all) as if they had a fixed relationship. Their pro- posal is by means of a duty to bribe men into making for themselves at a greater cost, or —what is the same thing—by a greater expenditure of labour, the things they are in the habit of obtaining at less cost by a process of exchange. In brief PROTECTION IS A DEVICE FOR CREATING WASTEFUL LABOUR. By this plan we doubly cripple our exports, first, by raising our cost, and second by blocking the process of exchange, stopping the inward and thereby stopping the outward. But it should never be lost sight of that the fiscal problem does not cover the whole ground. It is only one of tho factors. And the future of the boot manufacturing, andl every other trade, depends largely upon the I enterprise, adaptability, skill, and energy of those engaged in such trade. These will go I far to determine whether we are able in the future to hold, and to increase, our lead in the international race of boot manufacturing. Freedom of trade does not take the place of these, but it makes every other factor more effective in producing general welfare. EXPORTS OF BOOTS AND SHOES.

United Stites ited King&m. of America. 1898 ... 1,493,931 ... 405,088 , 1899 ... 1,426,608 ... 764,257 1900 ... 1,479,14 S ... 042,418 1901 ... 13652,910 1,151,310 1902 ... 1,896,232 ... 1,287,937 1903 ... 1,817,128 ... 1,509,317 1904 ... 1,580,606 ... 1,525,953 1905 - ... 1,882,580 ... 1,802,085 1906 1,958,420 ... 2,011,198 1907 ... 2,039,700 ... 2,428,817 1908 ... 2,083 569 ... 2,09,838 1900 ... 2,295,442 ... 2,147,0-14 1910 3,030,312 ... 2,585,119 1911 3,333,118 ... 2,863,925 CHARLES E. PARKER.

SUNDAY MUSKETRY. The Committee of the Lord's-day Observance Society have received the following from the Secretary of State for War in reply to a protest:—" With regard to the use of the rifle range at Crowden I am to explain that the Council, after full consideration of the question of Sunday rifle shooting in all its aspects, have decided that Musketry Practices may be carried out on Sundays' provided that all attendance at such practices is purely voluntary, and that the amenities of the locality in which the practice takes place are inot interfered with. As it does not appear that the rifle shooting which took place at Crow den infringed these conditions, the Council are unable to take any action in the matter." The Society replied expressing their great regret that the Army Council should have resolved to takes step which in the past history of our country had had auch disastrous results for both Church and State.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGALS SELF-RAISING FLOUR

The Examiner, Saturday, February, 3 1912.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
BANKERS AND CONSOLS.

NATIONAL PROVINCIAL BANK OF ENGLAND, _LIMITED. The annual general meeting was held on Thursday' 25th inst. at 15, Bishopegate, London, E.C. Mr. M. tr• Vitzgerald, who presided, said that when they met year ego they were looking forward to a further development of the promising commercial conditiors which then prevailed. The tide had begun to flow, and it was anticipated that, in the absence of untoward events, the flow might continue with gathering force. These anticipatiens had not been disappointed. In spite of a very grave political struggle at home and of strikes and labour disputes unusual in number and importance—in the face of wars and rumours of wars abroad, the tide had gone on steadily rising, till the volume of trade in 1911 bad been larger than over before recorded. Agriculture alone, perhap,, had had something of a set-back generally, owing to the great drought of the past summer, and it was to be feared that its troubles might not 3 et be over, should we have a prolonged cold spell. On the other hand, manufac- turing industries of all kinds had been more or less prosperous, as was evidenced by the fact that the per- centage of unemployment during the year had been the lowest 30t recorded. Coming to their oen business, the directors hoped that the shareholders would con- sider the figures presented as satisfactory. It was true that the totals on both sides were lees than for the previous year, but it might be explained that in December 1910, they held large temporary deposits, and if these were deducted their normal business again showed a substantial increase, the total deposits on 31st December, 1911, being £3,349,974 end the advances £2,728,808 more than at 31st December 1909. The principal changes in the figures shown in the balance sheet as compared with a year ago were a reduction of £2,251,234 in the total deposits, of £2,314,384 in the bills discounted and loans, and of £1,199,968 in investments in Government and other gilt-edged securities ; whilst the cash and money with brokers at call and short notice showed an increase of £1,211,260. The year 1911 Lad, however, not been a particularly good one for banking proflte, for, though there had been throughout a constant damand for money, rates generally had been lower than in 1910. The disappointing feature was the continued deprecia- tion in their securities, which swallowed up £116,000. Various plans had been discussed in the Press and else- where for" rehabilitating Consols." as the phrase %mat. Some demand might be created by the encouragement of small investors through the pcst office, and by simplifying transfer,but the total dealt with in this way would hardly be large enough to influence prices. The only solid plan would perhaps be the restoration of the new sinking fund, and this was, it was to be feared, Utopian, having regard to the way in which in recent years the fund had been raided by both political partiea Certainly there were at present no signs of any reduc- ticn in the national expenditure, unless we were to take as such the acceptance by the Government of the proposed new committee on the estimates. After all, this was only machinery, and machinery that would be useless without the driving power behind it of a strong public opiniou. Meanwhile, huge additions were being made to the expenditure, and made too to the permanent obligations of the State, which had to be met in years good and bad. A yearly budget of £200,000,000 was within sight, and it was not too much to say that sober- minded men of all political opinions looked with the gravest concern and anxiety to the financial future of the country. The report was unanimoudy adopted.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LONDON CITY AND MIDLAND BANK, LTD.

The annual general meeting of shareholders of the Landon City and Midland Bank, Ltd., was held on Friday last at the Cannon-street Hotel. London, E.C., Sir Edward Holden, Bart., (chairman) presiaing. He said that the year 1911 had been the roost difficult, and he thought he might say had caused the greatest anxiety of all the years of the last decade. There had been troubles in Mexico' Persia, Tripoli, Morocco and had Chins, and they had had financial and increasing labour troubles at home. Shareholders were aware that, the Bank tad written off this year from their reserve funds £200,C00 to meet depreciation in securities. The depreciation was less than this sum, but having regard to the continued fall in securities they considered it a wise policy to make an additional provision. Their surplus profits for the year had been very satisfactory indeed and quite sufficient to more than write off the depreciatiou in investments. The depreciation of Consols was engaging so much attention at present that it was worth while to devote a little time to the consideration of that subject. Speaking metaphorically, a very interesting struggle to attract investors was always taking place between Consols on the one hand and Bills of Exchange (the representatives of the money market) on the other. The Bill of Exchange was becoming so popular that even securities were being turned into short bills. Prcceeding, Sir Edward detailed factors which had made Consols less attractive, , the late Lord Goschen's reduction of the interest from 3 per cent to 22 per cent., the further reduction to 23 per cent. in 1903, the deduction of 3d. in the £ for income tax in later years instead of 6d. in the £ as in former years, and the passing of the *este° Act in 1193. When Consols, he went on to say, had given an appreciable tatter rate than Bills then Consols had goer) up. When Bills had given an appreciably higher rate, then Consols had gone down, and having confirmed this:statement with detailed figures he asked what were the conclusions they were to draw from the facts he had set forth ? It Ras quite evident that if Consols returned appreciably less than Bills, the inducement would be for the financier to come out of Consols and go into Bills—then Consols would go dowu. It was equally evident that if Consols returned appreciably more than Bills, the inducement would be for the financier to Come out of Bills and go into Consols; then Consols would go up. The State was making large profits in consequence of the legislation of the late Lord Goad:len. Sir William Harcourt and Mr. Chamberlain in relation to Consols, and holders of Consols were making large losses. The State was further making large profits in continuing the income tax at, id. in the £, and holders were making corresponding losses. While the money market as represented by bills of exchange, was relatively so dear, the creation of sinking funds would not materially assist the price, because if more buyers, or one additional large buyer, came into the market, and this bad the desired effect of raising the price the result would be to still further reduce the return to the investor. This would bring in fresh sellers and the price would go back. This had been exemplified by the price of Consols during the year. The redemption had been very large, amounting it was said, to about 10 millions, yet Consols had , gone down. While he approved of the increase of Sinking Fund, yet, in his opiaion, the only effectual course that could be adopted for putting up the price of Consols against the Bill, and bringing in the large financial buyers, was to increase the value of Consols as an investment. Artificial measures such at issuing small bonds would only affect the position in the same way that an increase of the Sinking Fund would affect it—that is to say, the price might be raised temporarily, hut only to fall back on the reduced yield. He agreed with the statement that had been made " that it was a delusion to suppose you can raise the price of Consols beyond the level of their worth as an investment." He did not think any of the schemes proposed would be successful in raising and maintaining the price of Consols, except the one %hich advocated that the income tax should be taken off Consols. This would raise the value of Consols as an investmen,, because it would have the effect of increasing the return to the purchaser at 773 by 3s. 10d. per cent,, and to the pu•chaser at 100 by 213.11 d. per cent. The question then arose why should Consols he exempted from income tax any more than any other security? The answer I was that Consols had a claim before all other securi ties, because the State in its dealings with the holders of Consols had made an annual profit of about £3 millions I sterling since the rate was reduced to 23 per cent., and it was making an additional profit of 23 per cent. Finally the Chairman surveyed exhaustively the finances of the principal countries, observing that they must came to the conclusion that every country was I expanding and would require more credit. The exten- sion of credit meant increased prices. The increase of credit should bear a certain proportion to the increase of that portion of gold which was used as a basis of credit. If credit increased for any length of time in disregard to gold then a collapse must take place and prices would go down. There was nothing in his opinion to warrant them in believing that in the coming year they would have cheap money, having analysed the financial results of the Bank's business during the period under review, he said that their business was steadily on the increase, and he could give them the assurance that the Bank bad never been in a sounder or more progressive position than it was to-day. He moved the adoption of the report, which was unanimously carried. •

===== 0002601_19120203_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
DISEASE SPREAD TO WORKHOUSE FROM CATS.

The cats in the Bolton workhouse were drowned by order of the Board of Guardians after a meeting on Wednesday. For some time ringworm bits been very prevalent among the children in the cottage homes at the workhouse, and an extra staff has had to be appointed to nurse the suffers. To enable the resident medical officer to diagnose the disease properly an X-rays apparatus was bought, and with It he found that the ringworm was of animal origin. Suspicion fastened upon the workhouse cats, and their destruction was accordingly ordered.

LINSEED COMPOUND ' (Aniseed, Senega, Squill, Tolu, &o.) For Coughs and Colds, Influenza, &o.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

" The Babes In the Wood."

There are few people to whom a good pantomime does not appeal but even those who consider they have no taste for this form of entertainment cannot resist the excellent fare provided by Mr. Harry Elliston and Company in "The Babes in the Wood," which has attracted large audiences to the Hippodrome during the week. There is an abundance of good song and humour and indeed the whole production is one of the best that has visited the Hippodrome for acme time. The staging is perfect and the dresses are magnificent, One is taken back to the atenice of childhood by the exploits of Robin Hood and his cheerful band cf outlaws. Everyone knows the E tory of how the baron plots with the two rnffitits to do away with the babes. The incident in the abduction of the babes from the schoolroom, and their transference to the wilds of Sherwood Fore,t, causes mars of] laughter. In the forest there is the mock combat between the ruffians, the simplicity of which, one could not fail to appre- ciate. The house is kept in a continual roar of laughter. The schoolroom scene and the jokes cracked by the" scholars " at the expense of the dame and the antics of the artistes proved quite a new and pleasing feature. 'the best scene of all is undoubtedly the last, where all the company assemble in the electric palace. The effect f the btillimat dresses and scenery is enchanting. , Miss Maude Osborne is a capital Robin Hood.' and she carried the part with much distinction. As Maid Marion, Miss Irene May is a great favourite with the audiences. Mr. Robb Wilton as the Baron proves ta be a comedian of high standard. In one part especially be was most conspicuous with his "dry " humour. Full of witty sayings and a pleasing style he brings down the house on many cccasions. August and September, the ever popular comedy couple, take the parts of the ruffians and as usual are most comical and entertaining. Where would a pantomime be without a good "dame?' This difficult but highly amusing pal t is silo ted to Mr. Elliston who displayed a born adaptability to anything humoreus. Misses Marie May and Clarice Handel also share in the honour. Other contributors to the success and the production are : The Four whose harmonising items are a treat. Miss Nance Grocutt, a singer with an exceptionally sweet and rich voice, and Miss Maud St. John as Lallie. The Sisters Gaye give a clever exhibition of dancing also, do the Five Yorkshire Lasses.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE BARBARITY OF STRIKES."

President of Chamber of Commerce and Picketing.

Indust?lel unrest was the chief topic, referred to by Mr R T Fairclough in his Presidential address at the annual meeting of the Warrington Chamber of Com- merce on Monday. Amongst those present at the meeting were :—Mr F Aylmer Frost, Alderman Smethurst, Mr J C Coppock, Mr H Kingdou, Mr II Grosvenor, Mr Segir Owert, Mr 0 Lofthouse, Mr H G Roberts, Mr .3 Richardson jun., Mr J Brandreth, and Alderman Bennett (secretary). Mr. FAincLouou pointed out that trade for 1911 had been good, as was shown by the exports and imports, the railway returns, and the statistics of unem- ployment, the proportion of members of trade unions unemployed being 3 per cent against 4.7 per cent the previous year. Those figures would have beea still bet:er but for the strikes. Oaeaspect of the industrial disputes which had not affected previous trade disputes was that the members of the trade unions had

REFUSED TO FOLLOW TIIE ADVICE or be bound by the agreements made by their leaders, and that would Seriously interfere a ith arbitration pro- ceedings and must be detrimental to the trades unions. (Hear, hear.) There was a short strike of railway workers' which hampered all trades, and which was dest ned to injure our future trade, but it had awakeued public opinion to the methods of trade unionism, the barbarity of strikes

THE GENERAL TYRANNY OF PICKETING, and the losses iuflicted on the general trade of the country. Those who were responsible disregarded the interests of the people by the stoppage of food supplies and precluded works from obtaining and delivering materials essential to the maintenance of their industries. Despite this the Labour leaders in the House of Commons actually condemned the Government for interlering with the strike proceed- ings and for employing troops to safeguard the nation. The Government promised to bring forth a Bill provid- ing that an increase of the cost of labour on the railways should justify them in increasing their charges and that would mean an extra burden upon trade. Those charges might be met by those who did a home trade by

RAISING PRICES ALL ROUND, but that could not be done with our foreign trade with- out loosing a large portion, as it would be very seriously handicapped, and a trade once lost was most difficult to regain. That would have a tendency to make more unemplosed labour in this country thin ever The increased charges upon foreign trade would be : increase of wages in the works ; increase of municipal rates principally through education; increase of cost in the raw materials ' • increase of cost in fuel through wages, and the extra cost through the Eight Hours Act ; increase of railway charges and increase through the Insurance Act. A loss of their foreign trade would react upon their home trade. Evidence had lately accumulated showing the difficulty experienced in raising capital for our home industries and that must influence the prosperity of the working classrs, for without surplus capital there could not be adequate expansion for manufacturers. A computation taken from the " Engineers' Journal " of December 10th, 1911, stated upon reliable data that investments sent abroad amounted at the end of the previous year to £3,722,000,000 sterling, and that the inci ease over a period of nurteen years was at the rate of £91,500,000 per annum ; and at the present time no less than £178,000,b00 was received in this country without British labour in any way participating in its creation. Such facts should be carefully studied and ought to be understood by those who represented capital and labour- Unfortunately the disputes In the tabour market were not ended, especially in the coal and cotton trades. With regard t the coming sear, it was not safe to prophesy, but he believed they might expect a good steady trade provided they had no more setbacks in the way of industrial warfare. The 35th annual report stated that the Alliance Box Co Ltd, the Castle Rubber Co Ltd, and the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co Ltd had joined the Chamber during the year. Mr. Fairclough having intimated his intention of retiring Mr F A Frost was elected president for the year. In returning thanks he said his wish was to do the best he could for the trade of the town in general, and, through it, for the Empire at large. Mr. W Peter Rslands was elected vice-president. Mr W Skinner was re-elected boo. treasurer, atd Messrs Tunstall and Co. and Mr C D Parkinson were again appointed hon. auditors. It was decided that the Council should consist of representatives of the following firms t—Messrs Joseph urosfield and Sons, Ltd., Messrs James Fairclough and Sons, Ltd.. Messrs N Greening and Sons Ltd., the Longford Wire C 3., Ltd , Messrs Mackie and Co., Ltd., 1 the Lancashire and Yorkshire Bank, the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co , Ltd., the Peaketh Tannery Company Limited, Messrs Rylands Bros. Limited, Messrs James Smethurst and Son, the Vernon-street Tanning Company Limited, Messrs Peter Walker and Son Limited, and the Wigan Coal and Iron Company Limited.

An interesting report on the work of the Education Committee was prssented by Mr. I-I. Kingdon, who stated that the past year had been an active and pro- gressive one. Whel the four new schools at present contemplated were completed, it looked as if no further schools would be required for sums time, unless the borough boundaries were extended.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
CIVILISATION AND DIET.

We smile at the accounts given of the gormandising powers of the natives of Arcfc regions and of various savage tribes, but tome of our own habits in eating and drinking are scarcely less preposterous. Look at a modern dinner, beginning with soup, followed by fish, meat, poultry, gime, sweets and dessert, to say nothing of numerous liquors consumed by the luxurious diner. All of which is a civilised form of gluttony accepted by custom. The rich who enjoy such meals pay the penalty with such horrors as digestive troubles, gout, and other forms of acute suffering. Now, the poor and middle-classes are, in reality, ranch better off in so far as they can enjoy a sufficiency of plain natural food, with the nuttiment and savouriness which Nature provides at a low cost. Instead of weird combinations on the table, it is much better from every point of view to enjoy sound wholesome fare such as Currants, Why Currants? says the reader. Simply because Vie little Greek Currant is a perfect food. it is ths work of Na.ure, and her special product for the feed- ing of mankind. Of late years leading medical men have urged the freer use of Currants in the daily diet. Currants are not the food for occasions, they are meant for constant use. There is no other food which can be compared with the Currant for pure nutritive force and economy combined. Just think of it—nearly 80 per cent, pure nourishment, and every particle of it easily diges'eo ; then it is likewise delightfully savoury. Si the Currant is unique, for notwithstand- ing its surptssing excellence, it is always cheap.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
i _ IRISH AFFAIRS. NOTES FOR FRI-SH READERS. -'WARD CARSON AND

SIR ED

TURNCOATS. It is difficult to recall a case_ during recent years in which a prominent politician has ,been so conclusively convicted of misstate- ments as has been Sir Edward Carson in regard to his account of the circumstances under which he resigned his membership of the National Liberal Club. It will be remembered that when addressing a meet- ing in the Free Trade Hall, Manchester, quite recently, he referred to Mr. Winston Churchill and Mr. T. W. Russell as turncoats, whereupon Mr. Hamar Greenwood, M.P., wrote to the " Times " suggesting that the charge did not lie well in the mouth of a Tory politician who had once been a Liberal and a member of the National Liberal Club. To this the rebel in full bottomed wig replied that while it was true that he had been a Liberal in former times, he had telegraphed his resignation from the Club on the day the first Home Rule Bill was introduced. Take careful note of the day. No doubt in his craftiness the disloyal loyalist thought that ended the matter. But an exami- dation of the Club records has been made and what is the result? The club records show this very interesting fact that so far from resigning on the day the first Home Rule Bill was introduced, Sir Edward Carson was not a member at all at that time, but was elected for the first time nearly two months later than Mr. Gladstone's introduction of the Home Rule Bill, that is on June 2nd, 1886. His membership lasted nearly a year and a half, resignation taking place, as proved by the records, on October 21st, 1887. As older Nationalists will remember this latter date has a special significance of its own, for it was just about that time that Mr. Carson, as he then was, began to find remunerative employment as prosecuting counsel under the Coercion Act. In these circumstances perhaps it is scarcely necessary to offer any comment on the turning of the coat.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. BONAR LAW AND THE

ORANGE MEN.

Butthis is no more surprising to the average Nationalist or rightly informed Englishman than is the cheap "wind and blather" emanating from the Orange Camp to-day about its loyalty. Mr. Bonar Law, speaking according to instructions we should say, rather than from accurate historical know- ledge, said at the Albert Hall meeting last week that "the loyal minority, in good report and bad report,have stood by us in the past." Mr. Law is new to his task, but he must certainly be more careful, for no more amazing travesty of the history of the whole period from the Union down to our own day can be imagined. The Orange faction endeavoured to alter the succession of the Throne by setting aside Queen Vicoria and placing the crown on the head of her uncle Ernest, Kin°. of Hanover, a man of the worst character, but who was if you please Grand Master of the Orange Lodge, and whose portrait, an ironic relic of Ascendancy days, is still preserved in the Mansion House, Dublin. The plot to change the succession to the 'I hrone in the interests of an Orange Grand Master is only in keeping with the loyalty of the loyal minority, who, so far from being, in Mr. Law's inflated panegyric,"men who have stood by us in good report and bad report," have been men who have been ready to threaten "us, " to keep to Mr. Law's word, with civil war whenever any of the privileges of a common citizenship was extended to the mass of their fellow countrymen. These " loyalists " as they style themselves, threatened civil war in 1829 because the freedom conferred on Catholics of admission to Parliament was a fatal attack on "the Constitution of 1688 " ! The rhymes that were on the lips of the " loyalists " of that day would make the hair stand on the head of any rational subject of the Crown to-day. The civil war threats were renewed on the introduction of the Church Temporal- ities Bill of 1833, on the occasion of the Municipal Reform Act, and, as is perhaps more widely known, during the Irish Protestant Church Disestablishment agita- tion. One " loyalist " orator during that agitation declared at Ballybay " We shall reject the ironhoofs of England and get rid of the Papacy at the same time—driving two serpents out of the island at once." That is indeed a curious way to stand by England. At a later period, the Ballot Act was denounced as "a Popish measure." King Edward even, was publicly charged by the " loyalists" with being "in league with the Jesuits" at the passing of the Irish University Act. Any Unionist knows Mr. Balfour sympathises with the demand which the Irish people put forward for a University, his letter to an East Manchester constituent made that abundantly clear, but nevertheless we find the King of these realms charged with complicity of the vilest kind on the realisation of Mr. Balfour's own hopes. The same King was warned by his " loyal " subjects in the Belfast Orange Lodge that they would "make his Throne rock "—a hoaryshout of treason—if he allowed his niece to marry the King of Spain. A still more up-to-date " loyalist " orator who !need not be named declared a few weeks ago that if a Home Rule Bill framed by the elected repre- sentatives of the people of Great Britain passed into law the " loyalists " would start a movement for the immediate establishment of an Irish Republic. As we ventured to suggest, 'the new leader of the Unionists has a heavy task on hand just now, but really we think he should talk to the gentleman on whose information he re- lied in declaring that " the loyal minority in good report and in bad report have stood by us in the past."

===== 0002601_19120203_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Masonic Installation.

The yearly Masonic installation in connection with the Lodge of Lights (No 148) took place on Monday at the Masonic Rooms, IVorrington, when Bro the Rev F. T. Lee Jones, Ptov. G. Chaplain, was installed Worshipful Mower by W Bro. John Ellison, I. P. M. The W. M. invested his officers as follow:—Bro H Isherwood, S. W.; Bro John Evans, J. W.; W Bro Rev H V Pigot, P. M. P. Prov. G. C. chaplain; W Bros. J Hallwood, P. M.,treasurer, and J Critchley, P. M., secretary: Bro CJ Smith, S. D.; Bro T Irlam Fletcher, J. D.; W Bro F novrard, P. M. D. C.; W Bro B Shacklady, P.M. Pro. G. D. D. C., A. P. 0.; W. Bro T. D. Amos, P. M, P Prov. G. 0. organist; Bros R T Harding, I.G. ; P Peacock, S.S. ; J Muskett, JS. ; J Banks, A S.; H Haviour, AS.; and G S Rice Tyler. W Bro John Ellison, was presented with a P.M.'s jewel in recognition of his services during the past year. The usual banquet followed at the Lion Hotel.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
SUICIDE AFTEIJA GUN MISHAP.

At the Exeter Inn, Barnstaple, on Wednesday even- ing, two men ware found shot. It is stated that the innkeeper, named George Worth, aged 50, was showing a double-barrelled breech-loading gun to a customer named Fred Blake, a labourer, when the weapon was accidentally discharged, and Blake was instantly killed. Worth, horrified at the mishap, went into a motor girage at the rear of the inn, and later was found dead with a gunshot wound in the forehead and his gun lying a few yards away. Mrs. Wcrth, who was a witness of the first shot, declares that the affair was a pure accident.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
"" om umaamizziaum, q,:glismatzT

[BY REDCAP].

MUSTARD FOR romns. If mustard is a good thing for poultry, then now is the time to use it. Last sear I experimented with " Farrows' Poultry Mustard " with excellent results. Unlike nearly all other condiments mustard is not harmful to the fowls system, and I can testify to its very practical value as an aid to egg production. Another beneficial feature is its wonderful cheapness. One teaspoonful for every six birds is ample, so it is easy to estimate the cost, knowing that you can pur- chase poultty mustard for something like ls. per pound. And when bought in larger quantities this price is greatly reduced. Many of our leading present day writers and poultry breeders strongly recommend its use. They all say with one accord, that it not only increases the egg-yield but also keeps the fowls in wonderfully good condition, and further it does not affect the fertility of the eggs. As a matter of fact it aids in this direction. I can strongly relommend readers to add a little poultry mustard to the morn- 'ing's mash. When doing so mix the condiment into the poultry meal when dry. By so doing you get it evenly distributed. Care should be taken to use the mustard judiciously ; never getting beyond the tea- spoonful yer six lirds. You will be able to get it through our advertise: a.

the Feathered World.

0":\ ~ ~.-4,. , ••,,.. ':',.-;, , le .: ~,,,, *., . , , i 0 I...,''''' ,i 0 ,- „, ..is, \., ~.. „,....----"-, - • -.::. , , Ili i , ~.,.,,.iiiiiiw,., - . ..., .- '' ','//Ir,t'.. ,'''," i' •:\.:...., 4 ,it, IT 4 .....vi:;:e fiy-N,. Ve, {--,....EN I , ' t2°{l4i..jil, '(/;'..0.5---',, ~1/414. -... _ '...,, . . ..? ii,pC`,i'. • 1 'l, ~\ ', ' ) I *, .......,, ~. :,, ~,0 ~,. . 4 .4,1,4 I. ' - 'd,' —4-----, - ' - -,,,,. ~ (,'i o ——• . , c:,„:,,..4„..._. . ... _, .. _ Front t

===== 0002601_19120203_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
SILVER GREY DORKINC;s.

This week's illustration eepicts a pair of silver grey dorkings. It is very difficult to conceive of more beautiful fowl than these, not only beautiful but extremely useful too. When off a good strain Dorking hens are good layers of large white-shelled eggs. And it is almost unnecessary for me to remind you of the culinary properties of the Dorking. There is no finer table fowl in the whole lit of pule bred poultry than the grand old English Dorking. I cannot understand why this good old breed should have diminished somewhat in popularity. History however, repeats itself even in the poultry world and I am confident that when the" whims " of the fancy have died down a little, we shall have breeders returnipg to the Dorking fowl. As far back as 1853 eggs from this breed were sold at from to £4 a dczen, whilst 2 2s. was almost a common price. In support of one's claim's of all that has been said in favour of the Dorking, let me quote you from Harrison Weirs' " Our Poultry, " wherein he gives a reprint of the following report taken from the " Derby Reporter," 1851." Those persons, and those only, who saw and studied Pen 160, at the Birmingham Show of 1854, can form an accurate idea of the size, quality, and beauty of a first-rate Dorking fowl. They were the birds of the exhibition, and before them the whole tribe of Spanish, Cochins,black, white,brown and buff, 'keled their ineffectual fires'. . . . Thirty-five pounds' weight of the most delicious meat under heaven were there enshrined in their beautiful bodies, and robed in plumage in which richness and grace struggled for ascendancy." It is gratifying to relate that we still have a few reliable breeders in whose hands the future of the Dorking fowl is safe IMr. A. C. Major, one of the largest breeders and exporters, says that as well as being good table fowls they are (with attention) good layers too. Pullets will frequently lay at 18 weeks old. The Dorking fowl is not a back-yarder. It is the ideal farmers' and cottagers' fowl, and when given a free and unfettered range they forage well.

OTHER COLOURS. Silvers ate not the only variety of Dorkings. We have the Dark or Coloured Dorkings, White, Red, Cuckoos and Rose-combed Dark. The latter are about the best layers of all. But I think the Silvers are the best table fowls of all. 1 have taken a fair amount of space in my discription of the Dorking fowl, and even yet not said all—by a long way that could be said in favour of this grand breed of fowl. They ought to take a far greater hold amongst farmers than they have hithet to done. To these in search of a good all-round utility fowl let me recommend the Dorking.

SUITABLE FIRST CROSSES. Last week I promised to give you a list of suitable first crosses both for egg-production at d table purposes. First cf all then let us deal with the "egg- machines." It goes without saying that these should be a first crces between two pure breeds less likely to spend much time in broodiness. The following crosses constitute all that is requisite in this direction. Houdan-Leghorn, Houdan-Minorca, Redcap-Croad Langshan, Ancona-Croad—Langshan, Houclan-Buff Orpington, and Boudan-White Orpington. These are all grand rnatings. for the production of layers. Many more could be quoted but none better. If you breed a succession of chicks from the two first named crosses in the month! of May June and July, you get layers for the early spring and summer seasons. If you breed a succession of chicks from the latter—which you will note are a first crosses between a heavy and light breed—in the months of February March and April, you rvitl get good winter laying stock. It should ba noted that in the latter crosses, the male bitd should be of the lighter bleed. I have always found that this method if mating tends more to fertility, than if you mate a heavy male bird to light hens.

TABLE CBCSSES. What is mcst needed in table fowls is size con- sistent with quali y, also fowls of a quick maturing tendarcy. You will find therefore that any of the following first crosses will answer to this purpose. The order in which they read are not neccessarily in order of merit, as so much. depends on convenience and accomodation of breeding operations. Bleeds vary according to conditions However I will name only some of the most useful and most hardy ;—Fa,verolles Dorking,Old English Game Buff and White Orping- ton,lndian Game Dorking, Indian Game —Faverolles, Indian Game--Brahma, Dorking—Langsban, Sussex. Dorking, Indian Game Sussex, and Old English Game Indian Game. Surely there is vatiety enough here for the most fastidious. It is also to be expected that my readers may well ask for just one cr two of the best to save bewilderment ; very well then supposing you only intend mating two pens. Then I should re- commend Indian Game,—Dorking and Indian Game —Faverolles. Yon may g on horn now on the lin< suggested last ueek breeding and rearing in earnest. Chickens from t!ese matings when reared and well fed fetch gcod prices in the early sprirg and summer markets.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
HAIB WEITHEII HINTS

The hard weather .predicted in our first column has come to pass, and it is just as well to remind 3 ou of a few salient points as a consepuence. When you let off the broody hens for a meal cover the eggs with a piece of thick flannel or they will soon perish with the intense cold. Also collect all egos as soon as laid or they will soon deteriorate from similar causes. And when stored see that they are placed in a room free from ken draughts. If you have any chickens out shelter thEm in an out house if at all possible, but in any case keep them free from cold winds, only let them out when the days are something like fit. Empty all drinking vessels at night, refilling the following morning. Keep plenty of chaff in the scratching oheds, and the last thing at night scatter a few grains of corn therein, so that your stock are kept busy scratching and thus at exercise. Don't forget the grit for it is impossible to get it under natural conditions during frosty weather; likewise green food, therefore a turnip or mangold cut in halves is a good and nutritious substitute. This also is the weather when a few extra feeds of maize can be given with advan- tage to your fowls. Drop it as soon as the hard weather declines.

IMPORTS I have just received etatietics for the foreign and Irish imports of ppultry and eggs. I will not weary

WHITE Wyandotte Csioks,7B.6d. doz., live delivery no risk.—Miss CIRRENAWAY, Queen st., nbury

'Positively over .£2OO profit yearly from Poultry Farm- ing, Details, Secretary Poultry College, Illetchley

POULTRY Keepers commencing; broody white Orpington hen and 12 eggs, 103.; write for psrtics. & instructions:LADY MAY 1301DTIIBY, Yelverton,Devon_

-JEW LAID EGGS, direct from the farmr, 14. 11 per 120, 360 box, carriage paid. Butter Is. 3d. lb wholesale onIy.—FARMER. 67, Albert rd.,Morecambe.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
PRACTICAL POULTRY FARMING.

. . . m N,.0:.. Ara MI :

WARRINGTON FIELD CLUB.

LECTURE BY MR. E. E. LOWE.

" Recent Geological Research.-

A meeting of the Field Club was held on Eaturday evening, January 27th, in the Museum lecture room, Mr. A. J. Jolley, J.P., in the chair. Mr. E. E. Lowe, B.Sc. F.L.S., Curator of the Leicester Museum, gave a most interesting lecture on "Recent Geological Research." Dividing his lecture into two parts, (a) The history of Igneous Rocks, and (b) The evolution of flowering plants, Mr. Lowe first defined igneous rocks as those which had solidified from the molten condition, as contrasted with sedimentary rocks, which were produced by the consolidation of gravel, sand and mud, and with the metamorphio rooks, which wore se iimentary rocks, altered by heat and pressure, due to earth movements. The lecturer then took two common examples, granite and basalt, and showed that their obvious differences were of two kinds, (1) difference of texture, and (2) difference of constituents. The former was shown to be largely due to difference in the rate of cooling, and the latter, to differences in the underground magma-reservoirs, from which they had originated. The order in which the various mineral constituents of any rock crystalized out from the molten rook-magna, can be made out by examining a thin shoe of the rock under the micros- cope and the lecturer pointed out that this order was not that of infusibility. This somewhat unexpected phenomenon was shown to be inexplicable, on the , assumption talat the various constituents forming the rock-magma, were in a state of mutual solution. Mr. Lowe then turned to the fascinating problem of the evolution of the flowering plants, first describing a typical flower, and then contrasting there- with, the r eproduotive organs and processes seen in a common fern. lie thou proceeded proceeded to show how,by A series of discoveries,which might almost be described as romantic, among the plants of the coal measures and Jurassic periods, the various connecting links between the fern and the flowering plant, had been brought to light. The dis- covery that most of the se-called ferns ef the coat measures, were not ferns in the ordinary sense, but on the contrary, seed-bearing plants, and that many of the so called cycads of th 3 Jurassic age, were really flowering plants of a remarkable type, were shown to be the most important contributions wade by geology, to tho solution of the problem. In closing,"the lecturer cello/ attention to the more than extreme probability of tho evolution of the flower being closely correlated with the increase in abundance and variety of insect life. It was undoubtedly a case of adaptation to fertilisaticn try insects. At the close of the lecture, an interestiug discussion took place during which, on the proposition of Mr. Woodcock, seconded by Mr. F. Womerslsy, a very hearty vota of thanks was accorded to Mr. Lowe for his excellent lrcture. Added interest was given to the lecture from the fact that Mr. Lowe is a Warrington gentleman, hnd was at one time connected with both the Museum and the Field Club, so that his successful career is not only an honour to himself, but also matter of congratulation to the town and to the Club of which he was so active a member. The discussion on the lecture was ably carried on by Messrs. Jolley, Woodcock, F. Womersley, Thomas May, Scholefleld, Mouolleid, L. Geening, Dr. Manson, J. W. Jones, Dunlop and Charles Madeley. The services of Mr. J.J. Armstrong as lanternist were highly appreciate/.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN WEATHER CHANGES. --- How to Escape Colds and Chills.

The vitality of the body is lowered by sudden weather changes, making it an easy " prey ' to chills and the" cold-germ," which we breathe with the air into the throat and lungs, and which at once find any weak spot there. But Nature soon signals that danger is ahead. A ticklicg cough, tenderness and soreness at tho back of the mouth, tightness in the chest, gasping fo breath, sneezing, and even the stiflmg cough of the bronchitis victim—these are all signs that Peps are needed to pot an end to chest trouble. Soothing, comfort, healing, and health are conveyed to every part of the breathing passages by the Peps fames, which by their direct action lo Jaen the phlegm and clear all obstructions from the throat and bronchial tubes.. _ _

_ This Peps method f conveying the correct medicin in breatheable firm to the chest and lungs is th latest medical triumph which ensures permanen relief from breathing difficulty, chest Borene3B and punishing cough.

TRINITY COLLEGE OF MUSIC. RUNCORN GIRL'S SUCCESS. The annual prize distribution in connection with the local examinations of Trinity College of Music,London, took place on Saturday afternoon in the small concert room, St. George's Hall, Liverpool. After receiving the Honours certificate for the senior easminaticn in pianoforte playing, Miss Emily Woolley, daughter of Mr Charles Woolley, Victoria-road, Runcorn, was pre- sented with the Lord Mayor's Gold Medal, which is awarded to the candidate obtaining highest marks during the year, there being en age limit of 23 years. Miss Woolley, however, was only H years of age at the time of her examination, so her success is quite unique. especially as she obtained the corresponding award (silver medal) in the junior division three years ego. The gold medal, which is of chaste design, executed by Oldfield's. Liverpool, bears ths folio% lag inscription :-- " Right Hon. the Lard Mayors Gold Medal. Tbe Earl of Derby, G.C.V.0., C.B ," and " Trinity College. London, Senior Honours,. , Emily Woolley, 0.2 marks. January, 1912." Miss Emily Wooley is a pupil of Mr. William Cooke, F.R.C.0., organist of Lymm Parish Church.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
"POOR" OR "PAUPER?"

REV. A. M. MITCHELL'S PROPOSITION PROVOKES WARM DISCUSSION. 5 Lively Scene.

There was a lively debate at the fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians which was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, Mr G Mather pre- siding. There were also present :—Mrs Simpson, Mrs Collingwood, Rev A M Mitchell, Messrs E L Bent, A J Jolley, J W Knowles, W Furness, A Brooks, W Houghton, J A Hughes, W Flanagan, W C Brooks, J A Rushworth,T Ritchie, M W Beton, A Bottomley (clerk), R W Precook (deputy clerk). GOVERNMENT INSPECTOR AND THE PADOATE SCHOOLS. At a meeting of the Cottage Homes Committee an extract from the report of B.M. Inspector, after several visits to the school, was submitted. It was recom- mended that consideration thereof be adjourned for three months. APPLICATION FOR INCREASE OF SALARY. The Finance Committee considered the application of Mr. Thomas Bowes, relieving officer, for an increase of salary, and having in mind the fact that the new Relief Order will come into force at the end of March next I and by such Order the duties of Mr. Bowes may be materially altered, it was decided to let the matter stand in abeyance for the present. THE PROPOSED EXTENSIONS AT THE WORKHOUSE. At a meeting of the Building Committee the archi- tect was instructed to obtain the cost of a water tower, with a capacity for 10,000 gallons and 15,000 gallons respecti•ely. The committee considered the resolution of the Board relative to the provision of accommoda- tion for imbecile, epileptic and phthisical patients and reported that, in their opinion, adequate and proper acc'irsmodation for those classes of patients was very urgently needed and should be provided as early as tossible, and they requested the Board to authorise the ouuliding Committee, along with the Clerk and Dr. ''sYlor, to visit different Workhouses where special accommodation has already been provided for those classes of pa'ients with a view to ascertaining the best methods of administration in the departments in question. All the above n inutes were coufirmed. The CHAIRMAN reported on a conference of the various Boards of Guardians in the county, which was held last week, to consider the question of the care of the feehle-minded lie said that unless the Guardians ,arn"lgamated and made some joint provision for the "cable-minded another body would step in and take that &ass of patient from their control. No other body could do the work as economically as the Boards of Ouardinns. v. Air. A. BROOKS said he understood that if another 7,°„.slY took the matter in hand, the cost would be about ..,4')o per bed, whereas the Guardians could make ""equate provision at £7O per bed. "A GROSS INTERFERENCE." b.The CLERK reported on the arrangements made by the -r mance Gommittee for carrying out the new Relief Order of the Local Government Board, which will come Into foroa at the beginning of April. The Rev. A. M. MITCHELL said the day for the ripnearance of the Order was a very suitable one—All 0015' Da-. He considered it was very bad treatment Boardi of Guardians. He did not love the Local ,tel...overament Board and be was beginning to love it less. Ine Guardiars were to have their discretionary powers Practically taken away by means of the Order and the Poor people who would be happy and blessed outside resa to be forced into the poor house or some other .astitution under the Poor Law. He did not think any lioard of Guardians,having the new Order before them, should allow it to pass without something in the nature ur. • Protest. It was a gross interference with the powers °' thiardians. If they were to be treated like school children, the best thing they could do was to resign in • body. JOLLEY said that whilst in the main the facts on i'v▪ cich Mr. Mitchell's opinion was based were accurate, erswas a slight error in the interpretation of them. t seemed to him that what the Order restricted were !1e indiscretionary powers of Guardians. The discre- iu.nsr, powers were increased. n4I. htrowuts : Probably the Local Government "•rd heard of our friend and thought he lacked d°iscretion. (Laughter). The Rev. A. M. hincitsr.t. : We have not all got the re?Otatioo. in sir. litsowLgs : You most have. You get in the vewsesPers a good deal and they may possibly have usard of you. (Laughter). "POOR" OR "PAUPER?" ANIMATED DEBATE. tis The Rev. A. M. MITCHELL moved ; "That in future " 138 Word pauper ' shall not be used in any of the oard's records or minutes and the word ' poor ' be e,..libstituted." Ile said it was the duty of every tu_ustdian to try to raise the status of the poor. Instead .1 keeping them down and applying obnoxious epithets to them, it ought to be the effort of every Guardian to raise the tone of the life of those who were Itlnder his Care and also to teach the people to rest them with the respect which the poor deserved , 1,41 Much as every other person. The word , etaaPer grated on the ears. According to ambers' dictionary, it meant "a very poor person, cane who receives charity '—but the charity which called Person a pauper was certainly not the charity of the V'l'? Testament ; it was a very cold charity indeed. titr• Knowles had interjected a remark to the effect that , e word pauper meant a poor person, and therefore he , Sooluded that in Mr. Knowles's opinion it was not an I voiectionable term. u Ir. KNowLns : The word "pauper " is not objec- °amble. No, I don't think it is. "The Rev. A. M. alrrcitgLL said that to the gensrality la People the word was objectionable. He supposed i7r. Knowles looked at it from the legal standpoint, , Otfitt.ba (the speaker) looked at it from the standpoint 1 did-411311°55' humaneness sud sentiment. If sentiment • not enter into the work of Guardians they had mis- theirivocation. The word "pauper" applied not only 113 'nroates of the House, but to those who received a ~ttle in the way of outdoor relief. If any of the ,Ist.csrdians had a friend who, through some temporary had to accept relief, would they like him to wanbloed a pauper ? If so, they were very poor friends Many worthy people who had done no wrong Wers trid; agued paupers, simply because they got a very 4 tha amount weekly from the Poor Law system. If sort of thing continued, the Poor Law would stink a more than it did in the nostrils of the poor people. p'alany girla were forced into the House, under very yet Ltd circumstances, through the lustfulness of men ; ant Y, in the eyes of the law, were paupers. Ile did ttbink Mr. Knowles, with all his legal minchwould be allots a poor girl to bear that taint all her life. arstwals sorry the Warrington Guardians were not the the ,to move in the matter. A short time ago " orthwich Guardians—to thrir credit—adopted a 'solution to the same effect as the one be now PiTpo,,ed. it,:lr• BENT seconded the resolution, lie said they all teal Pcoele who, through no fault of their Own, had qneng coins under the care of the Guardians and cense- they were marked with the ugly word "pauper." Mr— a„wrong term to apply to the poor. won: raNOWLEs argued that the fact that a young knew that, under certain circumstances, she

would have to go to the Workhouse and become a pauper was an inducement to her to keep in the path of virtue and not bring disgrace upon herself and family. The same argument applied in the case of a man who was tempted to steal and who reflected that, if he did so, he would be known as a thief. Some people needed an inducement to keep in the right way or even to be thrifty. In Mr. Mitchell's neighbourhood where according to the rev, gentlemen, they took too much beer—(laughter)— would there not be a tendency for people to go on spending all the money. they got, making no provision for old age trusting in Providence Socialism Mr. Mitchell and politics—(latighter)--if they P did not know that eventually they would get to the Workhouse and be called paupers ? The more Mr. Mitchell said, the more he killed his contentions. If the Guardians

Wandea--the-POOVP-ui,--tjCaTri--o-n—the-ni and turned them out so that people could say " Hello: there's a pauper " —there would be reason to complain. But nowadays there was nothing to make them conspicuous when they went out of doors. The little deterring effect of the word " pauper " was good and wholesome and would have fame slight influence in encouraging people to be thrifty and to keep that ban of shame, as Mr. Mitchell would call it, from themselves and their families. If the Board adopted the resolution they would be letting go one of the last straws that kept people in the right way. Mr.Feeee GAN ssid he understood the word" pauper" was never inserted in the minutes or used in correspond- ence except when it was absolutely necessary. The word meant " a poor person, one who from his poverty is maintained at the public expense." The CLERK said that from the moment be took over the clerkship he had not used the word "pauper "in the minutes or in correspondecce. He referred to those who were chargeable to the Union as " inmates " or "poor persons.' Although the Board had not passed a resolution they could say they had been one of the first Boards—far before Northwich—never to use the word Mr. FURNASS (I 0 the Rev. A. M. Mitchell) : Is not that characteristic ? Wrong again. Mr. A. BROOKS said the Board had taken other steps In the direction desired by Mr. Mitchell. The Work- house was no longer mentioned in birth certificates and although the children at Pedgate Schools were dressed alike, they did not look lite Workhouse children. Many of the inmates of the Workhouse went out of doors in tweed suits, Everything that could take away the taint of pauperism was done. The word had, how- ever, to be used in certain correspondence and returns to the Local Government Board. The Board could very well live on their reputation and do without passing a resolution of that hind. He should vote sgainst the resolution, although he was in sympathy with its purport. He bad just been reminded that what were formerly called the industrial schools had been re-named the Cottage Homes, with the object indicated by Mr. Mitchell. Mr. HOUGHTON agreed that the wcrd "pauper " was about the rucst ugly in the English language. But how uld they do without it ? He would to some extent be prepared to support Mr Mitchell's resolution, but it substituted no better word—in fact in some senses it, was worse. There was a larger population of poor people not in receipt of indoor or outdoor relief than were actually chargeable to the Guardia; s. The word " poor " would therefore be a misnomer. Mr ktrowt,as : One of the Acts of Parliament el( fines spoor person as a pauper, when you ask a family to con- tribute to his maintenance. The CLERK said there were printed statutory forms In which the word" pauper" was used, and they had to abide by it in those cases. Where it was not absolutely forced, it was not used. Mr. Jote.ev said he must enter a protest against Mr. Mitchell's repeated devices for wasting the time of a public body which came there to transact public busi- Desna. Mr. Mitchell was told beforehand what the Clerk bad repeated that morning. It wag not quite good enough that the time of a public body should be so frequently and repeatedly wasted in that manner. It was as silly as if somebody put down a notice of motion to the effect that the Board should decide that " 2 and 2 make 4." (Laughter.) It was simply asking the Board to pars a resolution to do something which they had been doing for years pant, so far as it could lawfully be done. Some of the Guardians who did not care to advertise themselves so frequently had spent a good many years of service trying to see the Poor Law administered humanely. They did not come there to he taught by Mr. Mitchell to be humane. They all desired to see the Poor Law administered in the best interests of the community as a whole, and of the unfortunate people who came under their care. Those little moral lessons might be very suitable to the pulpit—although be doubted It— Mr. KNOWLES : Or a Sunday afternoon Bible class. Mr. JOLLEY : They are certainly inappropriate at meetings of a public body met to transact public, busi- ness. The members sometimes have their own private business also to attend to, without having their time wasted. The Rev. A. M. Mreeneer., in reply, said be was sorry Mr. Jolley had adopted his usual line in that matter. "I can forgive him," added Mr. Mitchell, "for the remarks he has made concerning myself—although I don't think we ought to indulge in personalities on the Board. I can forgive him what he has said on former occasions, but he must give me a little time to forgive him for what be has said just now. I will say no more about his remarks, because I consider tbey are distinctly offensive and I think, with all due rear ect to the authority of the chair, you ought to have called Mr. Jolley to order. 1 do not bring forward these matters either for the sake of advertising myself—a thing I strongly object to—or to waste the time of the Beard." Continuing he said that if they considered a discuasion like they had had that morning a waste of time, he could only say he was sure that if they went outside and took public opinion they would fled the public differed from them. With regard to Mr. Knovvles'sargument, he did not think any Christian had a right to appeal to fear. If they wanted to mlhe people better they must not try to bully or terrify them, but to appeal to the love that WAR in them. Mr. KNOWLES : What did the "cat " do for garotters? What did Mr. Justice Day do for Liverpool ? The Rev. A. M. MirongLL : If you want to put-any good into people appeal to the love that is in them. The CHAIRMAN : We are discussing the word "pauper." The Rev. A. M. MITCHELL referring to Mr. Knowle's arguments, said Mr. Knowles expected a young girl at r time'when the tempter was doing his utmost to ruinittes to think about the word " pauper " and be deterred from that over which at the time she really had no control. Mr. JOLLEY (interrupting) : I formally move that the question be now put. The CHAIRMAN : is that your pleasure ? (Cries of "Aye.") I therefore put the question. The Bev. A. M. MITCHELL : It Is not fair. The CHAIRMAN : Well, that is the opinion of the Board. The Rev. A. M. Mrrcitztr. : It is not fair. The CHAIRMAN : Order, order. The Bev. A. M. MITCHELL : I have the right to reply. (Cries of " Order."). Mr. KNowtace : The Chairman has ruled The CHAIRMAN : The question is: " Shall the word " pauper" be deleted from all correspondence, minute books and documents in connection with the Board? The Rev. A. M. MITCHELL: That is not the resolu- tion. It says— The CHAIRMAN : Order, Mr. Mitchell. Having heard what the Clerk has said and the expressions of opinion from many of the Board, you will vote accordingly. The resolution was then put and the CHAIRMAN declared it lost.

TRADE TJNIONISTS AT orrr-nzurer. The Trades and Labour Council forwarded the follow- ing unanimous resolution to the Board : " That this Council, representing the organized workers of War- rington, depricates the action of the Guardians in refusing to increase the outdoor relief, as suggested by the Rev. A. M. Mitchell, and further points out that the increase in the price of food renders the amount now granted totally inadequate to meet the require- ments of the poor." The Gas Workers' and General Labourers' Union sent a similar resolution.

_ Mr. hNowLes : I propose they lie on the table. Mr. JOLLY : I second that. The Rev. A. M. MITCIIELL : lam glad to hear that outside opinion is being expressed directly to the Board. The resolution was carried.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGLING.

WARRINGTON WORKINGMEN'S ANGLING

ASSOCIATION (NORTHERN ANGLERS CENTRE), Angling last week end was a blank as far as the reports to hand go. Several anglers made the journey to the Gowey, but as was predicted in last week's issue, owing to the amount of snow water running into the streams, the day was at its very worst, members not having a stir all day. The Norton cards are now in Land and members wishing to give this stream a trial should call for their cards at the club house as there are sure to be special prizes given for this water, and old members recom- mend fishing with a small worm at this time of the year. Mr. Redford from head-quarters writes me that travelling cards will be sent down to the Warrington centre as early as possible. Will members who have a spare week end and are Norton way try our Acton Bridge length as we should like our reports to come from members, the information from members being more reliable than the reports from other sources.

With regard to the live baits question anglers may leave the matter in the bends of the Northern Anglers Officials who will do the beat for the Warrington centre

It is announced that it is the intention of the directors of the Isle of Men Steam Packet Company, Limited, to have built in readiness for 1913 a new steamer for the mail and prssenger service between the Isle of Man and the mainland.

The Examiner, Saturday, February, 3 1912.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ICE AT LYMM AND LATCHFO

Photo Burr t 77.

firms that were almost unequalled in the land. As one who began a works in a humble way he was proud to see it developing in line with the other industries of the locality. He had watched the growth of their president's concern, and wherever wire was used, the name of ftylands stood for quality. (Applause.) Mr. J. FUME-SMITH responded. lie said \Veiling- ton's trade had been built upon such solid foundations that it had become a household word throughout the world. That pointed to the capability of the men at the head of affairs and also showed that the directors had adopted the best way of developing their industries by encouraging the commercial travellers. (Hear, hear). Referring to the number and diversity of the trades of Warrington, Mr. Fulton-Smith said the town was particularly well blessed in times of crisis which had such a serious effect in places which depended upon one staple industry. There was very little reason to com- plain of want of employment in Warrington. If a man was willing to work, there was no excuse for his being idle in a town like Warrington. Whatever might be his talents and qualifications he would have no difficulty in obtaining employment—and that of a permanent nature. (Applause). Mr. W. PETER RIM/OMS proposed "The U.K.C.T.A. the schools and the Benevolent Institution." Ile said be looked upon the association as one of the most com- plete and perfect organizations of its kind with which he was acquainted. At the magnificent schools at Pinner, it was making provision for the young genera- tion, to rear up a class of commercial travellers trained In the very best traditions of their craft. Then when they grew up they would be united by that spirit of Freemasonry, that common bond of friendship which it was the purpose of the association to cement. He understood that an effort was being made to affiliate their British association with similiar associationa in other countries. Ile attributed the highest political importance to a movement of that kind. Ile never heard of international intercourse of trades or of societies without a feeling of profound satisfaction. Anything veld& tended to craw the people together in a manner which enabled them to understand one another must help to knock off those edges and corners, those fruitful sources of misunder- standing which existed between nations. Ile was con- vinced that the constantly increasing intimacy In the relations of the business men of England, Germany and the United States must tend to create better feelings between the peoples. (Applause). Mr. FRED Covstr, General Secretary, responded. He said the association was making excellent progress. The membership was keeping up, the work they were doing was ever extending in usefulness and in benefit to the commercial traveller and the fact that in an association consisting of 10,000 or 12,000 individualists the members were willing to skis minor diffences and work enthusiastically for the general policy of the association, was a proof of the soundness, justice and rightness of the lines upon which they were pro- gressing. He was glad to say they were receiviog excellent support from publio men of every type and of every political party and creed in the movement for a federation of the commercial travellers of the world. Every-right-thinking and far-seeing man would support the contention that federetions of that kind must have a profound effect upon the political relationships of great countries. The relationship between England and Germany recently were very strained but they were glad the tension had passed away and that there was a prospect of a more complete understanding in the future. Mr. Coysh showed how the influence of the Commercial Travellers' Association was exercised on the side of peace and goodwill, a letter being sent to a vice-president of the commercial travellers in Berlin and printed in almost every newspaper in the German Empire. He had at his office a bundle of letters and Press extracts expressing in the most kindly and friendly terms the appreciation of the people in Germany who read the letter published on behalf of the association, expressing the hope that the difficulties between the two nations might be speedily adjusted. Without being egotistical, he claimed that that letter, having the full weight and authority of the association behind it, must have had a great effect amongst the commercial classes in Germany. (Hear, henr.) He believed an international federation of travellers would bring about good results on the relations of nations which meddling politicians would in many cases he totally unable to undo. The association teas never in a sounder or more effective position for doing good work for the commercial travellers than it occupied to-day. In every department of their work—whether legal, benevolent, or insurance—everything was going on smoothly. That was due to the fact that they were receiving from every branch the same loyalty and help that they had received In such full measure from the Warrington branch ever since they came into existence. Referring to the Com- mercial Travellers' Schools, to which the association contribu'ed largely, Mr. Coysh said there was no publio school in the country that turned out its scholars more efficiently within the scope which it ret out to deal with. There was no work in connection with their community in which they could engage with so much satisfaction, knowing that every penny they gave produced the most satisfectory results. It was a singular thing that commercial travelling was the occupation to which fewest of the boys who passed through the schools 'devoted their attention in after-life. Whether that was due to the" horrible example" set by their fathers he did not know. (Laughter). The annual cost of tbe schools was £14,000, the amount per child working out at £37. With regard to the benevolent fund, the amount expended every year on pensions to the widows of members and in grants to members who had been unfortunate, was praotically the same as the annual expenditure On the schools. It was impossible to measure the comfort, happiness and softening of the hardness of circumstances which such beneficent work represented. An interesting fact alluded to by Mr. Coysh was that the penny collection taken at the hotels by means of boxes realised £5,000 a year. Whilst that result was very gratifyiag he would like to see more annual subscribers to the funds from the rank and file of commercial travellers.

Other toasts honoured were : "The Warrington and District branch," proposed by Mr. J. Sumner (Wigan), acknowledged by Mr. W. G. Hayes (chairman) ; ' The President," proposed by Mr. W. H. Owen •, " The Visitors," proposed by Mr. 11. Mercer, responded to by Mr. G. Bo man; "The Artistes," proposed by Mr. W. L. Walker, acknowledged by Mr. J. Rabbitt. An admirable musicel programme was submitted. Mr J Rabbitt sang "The Trumpeter " and" Dear Heart "in his usual soulful and artistic manner. Mr J B Poole was highly successful in " Song of the bow " and" When bright eyes glance," in which his excellent voice found full scope. Humorous songs by Mr J Sumner and Mr J Ashley proved very popular. The various accompaniments were very tastefully played by Mr. Tom Taylor.

,P.1f,...,.,- -::'-'7 ' :T. ',1.,. ,•,- --;%.,.. .• . • .. • : • , .:.• . ' '-. ' . ' -, ' $$ , ''' ,:71...7 '''S ,• ' 1 ..,.... ~. : - ' $s , $ . - .., .' • 7"7" -. ,',,,i5.44' , , , . . • , $.,5,.. `,/ ::„4- .',, ' ~., '''''% , ' .;,;' 47 Y'-' ...4-!'ti„,N-, .41.,,1i''', ''' ~,,,,,, , •„, , , -"dr' ~,,,„ '?,,, -A y _, !...... -.* '- •t,...,i,:i 1 . - ...,--- --- •. . .. • - '''''''',.:-:* ***,l;7l/111k01 4.: .41.1.' * IVA ' *, $. , , ~;.L. '''' .'e" ,41 , s!".• ',, %f ..! ''''.4'l.-,..''7•7-,,:,..''''''..,7 ..

SKATING ON THE DAM AT LYMM.

, .. `, • - - • ' - . . • - ' ~.. - ... . . ._ . . . . .. ?0,..1". ~ . . . . , . .. , .. ~,. . , . ''.l'9'..:Tl!'-;',.,„.- • , . . 1. , 0 . .7,1 t. : •.•:-. •4; ri. ..,......f. .-.. . -,.,.:-...i. :- .. 5',4,. --, ~.-.0. 1 ..., : ... ~.-.','...:.,.,;'. . '•- . f: 4 ',•.< • .:•.., - :!:".:< '4., ' . •-4, 4.4! , t. ' •:..;,. s,.* 4 -: 1 ,-, • . . .. .. . . ~ .. . . ~. i. ,z,•:. ~..z..4;,..: ....... ',"7:7;t'.,--1.- ~,,,,7 ',..p4... 1 - - -..,<7,;;;, i;f‘' ,-.-4 f, 7:‘ ''. '.•.-.'-.,(:rst:Zil*,:z',,, '4-:.,. - ',.."-1-:;'#!.-::" ~,'" -.; •,: - .:,4•-'2:,•.:!..-;‘,.. . ~4 ••••,0,•;1,',..•'''.. tr• i= ,':','' ~,,.-7,-•-•::,-;5--;,:,-2.-.; ' .._.,•..;;1;ff-4%,:-:,..„,,,,_::11 -. :-.,....t. ti ~•tt',;-'..- ';';g7ii.e.: 4 ... ~,:p,-,..:-.,.,-,-„,;:,,,,,,1.4.,%:fi,,,,t,, :1:,- , ;•;•4 : • *•!-,04,,r4,4.-1 0-. ' ,1;,:.''.4!-:,..,,,,,,•-•-•.;', ''..•:::,. .' : ~: '..,,-.L.••-..4•1:, \ '': '...•,....,..'--!--.:,t-k..-14,4 •,'••:.':';';:;....),.: , . ~.„7:;;Iqi, .-- ' , -.:..:.zar..',-..-...,:,5~ ~ ~...,,,•.-..• ~:. , ~..,1-1-,....„;‘,..;,-,;‘,,,.,,„.„,2.5.1,;(4-f:&,,,,, ~,,,,,,,,,,, ...,,,,,,.., :-...........„....,, , ..-....:-.1"...-.,4.;,.., . • . ›,>.,.....,;..!.•• ',t.,;!•!,..,,,,,,,,,,,,.-..,,,,.;&-e, ' .....N:;;,. "!`,;1„.e•,-',.vtf..e.. ' ••• 1:1,,-1., .:4:74, :47 "":.::;;;P: • '.;....;:,::::,.;-'..,. . ' ..0,•:: .'-':', 'll<t‘ ,;t2:?..1',i':fW52"4444,Z'i.::"".j71,`t*..\7''',' ' ~4 ' . . '''., ''.... '.!. . ' '''''....... ' 4:. ' '.' S' ..., ,',,,,.•":',.1, *^;;:,".•:.....',,-,' ''.' v' ":"',.V.7r, ~,:,,-..+49,`\ + '4,,,,,Ar: ,','. ''' •' : -P2,- git '.';::4fFt; '`. ~k1.:7:).--.;••A;:l.. 'l:i' . *',-4;;:l:i.'-?: :4--.:t.;,,,,.5.7, ,'-',t;,-',.%,,,x.:',.';:.4.4,;,:it- 444 --::**:,,Z: >-''''' ' ' - ''...''.-.' ..,i..t.,f, ".''''', -.ii, iiii:'',:`. ‘, .4„..--..:"-°-..'•••••:<,-;)•- ?'--...," . - '`,Vl,7--,e-',C",,,,-: •';i-e--,1,-,Li,4*.:-`-..<,•140ii,-,•sr.-141rt, •, ' ~ ~, ' .....- ...7.,,,,..„,!',..../.°•,.3-. . f...;',4,....,..,...•;,,T1:7;,,,:''.'k5::.,',.i.',...,:- --,e,,,,'..,-','!...1..,.'0,.:0:-•'''''. ;..tt"°:,1.(4,,-itr„,..4;e:90.:'- ,>;.....,-........,,:c.•.,.:.:,....t.V,.:, ..:;•47,..,%;.#,;,;:r.,- •,-,c,.--2..-,:. -,..,,,..,....4;%.:1;-,,::47,,t,ii:-.4'..;,•:,...,.,,;.,;•:?!,..,. ...i.*,- ~."."41L''' ~...,.', '. '-'''.. :''.''.;.'f.i'.4."""e'''',..•.'';',. ••'''' 'A;',7,11'.`:4 '#;t‘::.;:.*-rW:;:'..''...' :::''.3.l'.‘t '.- ' ' ''' -",""i ' ' ; '.. ' •f.•.....--: •.- .- - •".•,,' -,: —..."' - ' Z'.' : -'',.'fi'S.;;•',.. '.,,•.,`. .40k* ''.',4`r"At •*‘'Pe.At' ' . . A': .- ,' C. . ''' •" ' •• . ' • .1';',;.'4.".P ..441istteltA., . . , . _.,... .. • ~ ,• . 1

"SMALL FRY" ON THE ACKERS AT LATCHFORD.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
RD

COMMERCIAL TRAVELLERS.

ANNUAL DINNER AT WARRINGTON.

A Peace Movement.

The Warrington branch of the United -Kingdom Commercial Travellers' Association continues to make good headway and the sixth annual dinner, which was held at the Lion Hotel on Saturday evening, was a highly successful and enjoyable function. Members and friends assembled in good force under the chair- manship of Mr. W. Peter Rylands (president of the branch). At the cross-table were the Mayor (Coun- cillor Dr. Joseph), the Mayor of Widnes (Alderman F Neil), Councillor J T Locker, Mr J Fulton-Smith, Mr Fred Coysh, (general secretary), :Mr. W G Hayes (chairman of the branch), Mr II Mercer I (ex-chairman), Mr A J Allen (hon secretary), and Mr 1 W L Walker (hon assistant secretary). After dinner, I for which Mr. John Lee catered admirably, an interesting programme of speeches and music was gone 1 through. . . . .

It was announced that letters regretting inability to attend had been received from Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., Mr. Harold Smith, M.P., Mr. A. H. Crosfield, Councillor T. S. Steel, Mr. F. Mountain and Mr. Martindale (Widnes). _

Mr. Crosfield wrote that he cherished very pleasant recollections of the delightful evening they spent together last year and he thanked the association for again offering him their kind hospitality. He hoped the now year would bring to all the members all good things. (Applause.) The loyal toasts were submitted from the chair and honoured with enthusiasm. Mr. P. o'l3anor proposed the health of " The Mayor and Corporation of Warrington and neighbouring boroughs." He paid a high tribute to the public services of the Mayor of Warrington, pointing out that his self- sacrificing efforts on behalf of the Infirmary led a large number of citizens to persuade him to take still more work upon himself by entering the Town Council. His municipal work early merited the confidence and good- will of the Council which were shown by his election to the Mayoralty. The fact that he had been prevailed upon to accept office for a second term was an eloquent indication of the respect in which he was held not only by the general body of citizeos but by those with whom he was more intimately associated in town's affairs. With regard to Widnes, he did not think England recog- nized the value of that town as it ought to do. It was the home of the chemical trade and, as such, had an Important bearing on many other industries. The MAYOR OF WARRINGTON, in reply, said the town had greatly improved of recent years and the charge was largely due to the efforts of the Town Council. The improvement of an ancient town like Wariington was a very expensive process. Compara- tively new towns, especially in view of the Town Planning Act, had advantages which the older places did not possess. A great deal was said in Warrington, as in other towns, to this effect : " Why don't you get such and such a class of men on the Town Council ? " Us thought that, as a rule, every town got the best men it could for municipal work and it could not do better than that. Looked at from that point of view, Warrington had the best men It could get in the Council and they were the men who were boat adapted for the work. Those people who cavilled about the members of the Town Council not being of the proper calibre should come forward and offer their services. In his early days he probably thought the same as those critics, but his experience had made him more broad-minded and he found that, however members of the Council might differ on various points, they were all united in working hard and to the best of their ability for the good of the town. (Applause). The MAYOR OF WIDNES also responded. Ile said Widnes was described some years ego as "the black spot on the Mersey," but,like Warrington, the town had seen great changes and improvements. Some people were inclined to grumble because the rates had risen from 4s. 10d. (at the time of the incorporation of the borough), to 6s. 10d. In the £. The great question, how- ever, was "Can you show value for the money spent?" and he thought that in Widnes they could. Sir Gilbert Greenall once questioned whether trees would grow in Widnes—(laughter)—but they were growing some and hoped to grow more. With the aid of the teachers they had formed an association for the cultivation of window plants, and next they intended to plant trees in the streees. Whatever might be said about the vegetation, he believed that in Widnes they grew fairly decent people. (Laughter and applause.) His Worship referred to,the successful co-operation of Warrington and Widnes in ()posing the St. Helens Corporation Gaa Hll, end said joint action could be helpful in many directions.

Councillor J. T. LOOKER proposed "The town and trade of Warrington." He said the inhabitants of Warrington were proud to think they belonged to an ancient and historic town but there were some legacies of the past which presented difficulties for the present generation to fight against. The great progress of the borough and the growth of its many industries had brought such immense numbers of people into the neighbourhood that the streets in the business part of the town were very congested. No-one outside the Council had any conception of the obstacles which had to be encountered in carrying out the schemes of Improvement. It was, he supposed, natural for those people whose interests were affected to try to get as much as possible from the Corporation. Some members of the Council, however, were strong enough to say they would not be bled and they were prepared to let things wait if unreasonable demands were made. Athough progress had been made, much arduous work had still to be taken in hand. There was, however, no reason to be ashamed of the town. (Hear, hear). When the bridge and other important under- takings had matured, they would have every reason to be proud of Warrington. Few towns could compare with Warrington in the number and renown of the products of its industries. They could hardly go into any part of the world without finding Warrington commercially represented. Its products penetrated to every corner of the globe and it was gratifying, on travelling abroad, to find the name of Warrington so well-known. A striking feature of Warrington's great concerns was that not one of them was of mushroom growth. There was something solid about them and they had risen, like the English oak, from small beginnings to the commanding position of

===== 0002601_19120203_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS MAN'S GOOD FORTUNE.

The LONDON CITY & MIDLAND BANK Ltd.

AUTHORISED CAPITAL, £22,200,000, PAID-UP CAPITAL, £3,989,237. SUBSCRIBED CAPITAL, £19,148,340. RESERVE FUND, £3,390,313. DIRECTORS: Slit EDWARD H. Horxxs, Flirt., Chairman and Managing Director; WILLIAU GRAIIIM I aw,Esq., London, Deputy-Chairman. The Rt. Hon, Lord Airedale, Leeds, John Alex. Christie, Esq., London. Arthur T Keen, Esq., Birmingham. Sir Percy Elly Bates,Bart.,Liverpool. Sir G. F. Faudel-Phillips, Bart., The Rt. Hon. Lord Pirrie,F.P.London Charles G. Beale, Esq., Birmingham. G C.l.E.,London. The Right Hon. Lord Rotherham, Robt.CloverHeazley,Esq.,Liverpool. Frederick HyndeFox,Esq„Liverpool. Manchester. Sir William Benjamin Boy:Ting, Id Simpson Gee, Esq., London. Thomas Royden' Esq., Liverpool. Bart., Liverpool. John Howard Gwyther,Esq.,London. Wm.FitzthomasWyley,Esq.Coventry HEAD OFFICE : ; THREADNEEDLE STREET, LONDON, RC. Joint General Managers : J. M. MADDERS, S. B. MURRAY-, F. HYDE. Secretary: E. J. MORRIS, BALANCE SHEET, 315 T DECEMBER, 1911. LIABILInEs. £ a. d. ASSETS. To Capital Paid up, viz. : £l2 10s. Od. By Cash and Bullion in per Share on 319,139 Shares of hand and Cash at £OO each ... ... ... ... 3,989,237 10 0 Bank of England 13,690,681 16 2 „ Reserve Fund . ... ... ... 3,390,313 15 0 ~Money at Call and ~Dividend payable on lat February, at Short Notice 9,806,744 2 0 1912 •••_ .'. —. .. 359,031 7 6 --- 23,497,428 18 2 ~Balance or Profit and Loss Account 122,992 18 8

IRADSII,

DR.

CR. S e. d.

Z a. d.

„ INVESTMENTS : Consols and other British Govern- ment Securities 3,646,272 13 8 „ Stocks Guaranteed by British Govern- ment Indian and British Railway Debenture and Preference Stocks British Corpora- tion Stocks, Colonial and Foreign Govern- ment Stocks, etc. 5,110,976 18 4 8,757,243 12 0 „ Bills of Exchange 7,8‘3,356 12 4 40,138,029 2 6 „ Advances on Current Accounts, Loans on Security and other Accounts „ Liabilities of Customers for Acceptances as per contra ... 6,037,093 16 6 „ Bank Premises at Head Office and Branches

7,861,575 11 2 „ Current, Deposit and other Accounts 17,707,7e5 9 8 „ Acceptances on account of Customers 6,037,093 16 6

... ... 43,431,768 12 1

.. 1,966,563 6 3

£91,606,454 17 4

11,C06,954 17 4

EDWARD H. HOLDEN, CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR. HOWARD GWYTHER} W. G. BEADSHAW,DireuTY-CHAIRMAN. W. F. WYLEY DIRECTORS. REPORT of the AUDITORS to the SHAREHOLDERS of the LONDON caw and MIDLAND BANK LTD. In accordance with the provisions of Sub-section 2 of Section 113 of the Companies (Consolidation) Act,1903, we report as follows We have examined the 10ove Balance Sheet in detail with the books at Head Office and with the certified Returns from the Branches. We have satisfied ourselves as to the correctness of the Cash Balances and the Bills of Exchange and have verified the correctness of the Money at Call and Short Notice. We have also verified the Securities representing the Investments at the Bank, and having obtained all the information and explanations we have required, we ate of (Tinton that strla Balance Sheet is properly drawn up so as to exhibit a true and correct view of the state of the Company's affairs according to the best of our information and the explanations given to us and as shown by the hooks of the Company. WHINNEY, SMITH Sc WHINNEY, CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS, LONDoN, 81h January, 1912. Anklifort. The Rank has Branches and Suh-Branches in London, the suburbs, and throughout the country. It also has Agents in all the principal Cities of the world. Every kind of Banking business is transacted at the Head Office and Branches. Bills, Annuities, Coupons and Dividends are collected in all parts of the United Kingdom, the Colonies, and in Foreign Ccuntries. Purchase and Sale of Stocks and Funds are effected. For the convenience of Customers, monies can be paid in at any °tithe Branches and advised the same day to their own account. Strong Rooms are provided for the security of Deeds end other property lodged by the Customers of the Bank. Every Officer of the Bank is pledged by a signed Declaration to secrecy as to the business affairs of the Bank and its Customers. THE FOREIGN BRANCH OFFICES—. Telegraphic; Address--" Cinnaforex, London "...FlNcn LANE, LONDON, E.C....Telephone-2481 London Wall. ~" Midforex, Liverpod,"...ls, CASTLE ST., LIVERPOOL 5886 Central, Liverpool. "Midforex, Bradford,"...ls, TYRRIM ST., BRADFORD f f 1315 Bradford. ISSUE Currency Drafts on all Cities, Circular Letters of Credit and Circular Notes payable all over the world ; also make Mail and Telegraphic Transfers; to all Cities. COLLECT Foreign Bills. PURCHASE approved Foreign Bills. Establish Commercial Credits on behalf of Customers available anywhere against the usual shipping documents, Drafts,tko„may be be obtained direct from the Heed Office or Branches, which are always ready to give quotations. THE SHIPPING DEPARTMENT. Telegraphic Address—"Cininship, London." Telephone-2181 London Wall. Is specially organised to look after Shipowners' Freight Remittances from, and Disbursements to, ail:parts of the World by Mail or cable. EXECUTORS AND TRUSTEES. Telegraphic Address—" Cinnatrust, London." Telephone-2481 London Wall. A separate Company has been formed by the Bank for undertaking the Executorship and Trusteeship of Wills and Marriage Settlements, and also as Trustees for Debenture Holders. WARRINGTON BRANCH—SANKEY STREET : T. B. HANDLEY, Manager.

On their return to the meeting the minutes of the School Management Committee, including the proceed- ings on the supplemental agenda were confirmed. The DIRECTOR OF EDUCATION said that much bad been said about the leaving oft of a iminute from the agenda. It had always been a practice to avoid printing anything in the minutes which in any way reflected on any person in the service of the committee, and for that reason the minute was not printed. The practice had been followed consistently. If the committee was prepared to take the responsibility of any minute reflecting on persons being published and would give an expression to that effect, he would see that it was carried out. Until then the practice which had been followed would b 3 adhered to. The members could always be informed of the character of any paragraph which was missing from the minutes. THE FEEDING OF SCHOOL CHILDREN. - . . .

IThe School Attendance Committee resolved th-a-t the scheme which was adopted by the Education Committee at their meeting on the 20th July, 1908, be amended so that, in future, when children are reported to the com- mittee, either by the head teachers or other persons, as being apparently unable, by reason of lack of food, to take full advantage of the education provided for them, the procedure shall be as follows, viz. :—(a) the chil- dren shall be examined by the school medical officer as , soon as possible with a view to his furnishing the com- mittee with his opinion as to whether or not the children are insufficiently fed ; (b) the. parents of all children reported by the school medical officer to be insufficiently fed shall be immediately informed therof, and the children at once admitted to the children's dining rooms ; and (c) inquiries shall then be made Into the financial circumstances of the parents of these children with it view to the committee determining as to.whether the meals shall be provided free or whether a charge shall be made upon the parents In respect of the cost of the food supplied, and if so, the amount thereof, each CPSB being dealt with on its merits. Mr. PLINSTON, in moving the adoption of the minutes, said that when the question was before the committee some months ago a number of teachers reported cases of children whose parents were in receipt of parish relief being insufficiently fed. The doctor reported upon all these cases and arrived at the conclusion that no case was being improperly fed, They had that in their mind in coming to the recommendation submitted for approval. The scale was to be practically abolished and all cases reported by the teachers were to be medically examined. If in the opinion of the doctor these children were not sufficiently fed so as to benefit by the education received they were to be fed and then If the parents were in a position to pay they were to be compelled to pay for the feeding given. (Hear, hear.) Uuder the new scheme no child was to go without food. A medical report on each case had to be given, and that would be considered by the sub-committee in dealing with the matter.

Mr. WALKER seconded the approval of the minutee. Mr. llPsos said it was wonderful how calm the atmosphere had gone now that they had come to the real business of the committee and had to deal with poor hungry children who could not pull the strings. Although he had the highest confidence in the doctor he was rather afraid that perhaps some little hardships might be inflicted by the fact that the doctor was only to report as to when a child was insufficiently fel. There must be a considerable amount of suffering before insufficiency of food was manifested. He took it the committee would continue to follow the usual form of procedure, namelyz that in addition to the doctor's'report they would investigate the cases,vo that if any information was supplied that the income of the home had suddenly vanished or diminished the child would be relieved where necessary. Malnutrition was at times difficult to detect and to throw the whole responsibility on the shoulders of the doctor was too much, lie took it that it would be the intention of the committee not to wait for the report of the doctor if they had evidence of the need of the home. The CHAIRMAN : I think that is the spirit in which these recommendations are made. Mr. PLINsToN : That is so. - - _

Councillor PEMBERTON said it wag possible for a child of good phy•ique to undergo intense suffering, through under-feeding far several days and not to show it. He trusted that every care would be taken to investigate the case. The minutes were then confirmed.

In the following paragraph a St. Helens man tells of his good fortune. We not only offer him our con- gratulations, but thank him for his outspoken state- ment. "My back plagued me, on and off, for nearly four years," says Mr. J. McGough, of 17, Stanhope-street, St. Helens. " Every time I caught a bit of a chill the pains were very severe, and after stooping at work it was no easy matter to get up again. The urinary system was not in a healthy state, so I put it down that my kidneys were causing the trouble. I used to feel drowsy, and dizzy in the day time. Although I tried several different remedies, I can honestly say that I obtained no relief until I started with Dean's backache kidney pills. Six boxes of these completely cured me, and I am very pleased to say a good word for the medicine. I can recommend no better remedy than Dean's pills to those who suffer with a bad back. They did me the world of good. (Signed) John MeGough." 2/9 a box, C boxes, 13/9 ; of all dealers. Ask for DOAN'S Backache Kidney Pills, like Mr. McGough had.

«I 'I ; I , o •1 I "f..- ti--, ; .4 V a r, ..?_ A ; h 1 .• .. , ' .^ :k '-•.f".: ' • ',1.; '... ..> • • • 1 EI he ml- tad the lug on that had was flute .e an ~ was been could graph N. It the mittee vied so le corn- sons, as rood, to )r them, he chil- )fficer as the corn- not the - s of all . ,oer to be ' d therof, children's be made ,si of these •mining as or whether respect of , the amount , 1 ,erits. he minutes, t committee ported cases pt of parish 3tor reported nclusion that y had that in ion submitted ally abolished - were to be of the doctor so as to benefit De fed and then ,hey were to be . (Hear, hear.) o without food. ) given, and that ,ittee in dealing 3 f the minute% I how calm the bad come to the ad to deal with pull the strings. .e in the doctor he i little hardships be doctor was only insufficiently fed. mount of suffering inifested. He took o follow the usual in addition to the ate the cases,so that at the income of the diminished the child 7. Malnutrition was ,o throw the whole f the doctor was too a the intention of the cport of the doctor if the home. is the spirit in which i. it was possible for a ergo intense suffering, al days and not to show re would be taken to mad. GOOD FORTUNE. a St. Helens man tells of only offer him our con- , - for his outspoken state- ;:i.i.,:•- in and off, for nearly foui ' --":',.--.. V ' 31-1, of 17, Stanhope-street, I caught a bit of a chill the -'' • - , d after stooping at work it ; V:. -- .. et up again. The urinary - ...,-- -.. _ • thy state, so I put it down . ... --,-- • ising the trouble. I used to - • -...- - the day time. Although I- - - ~ medies, I can honestly say - . until I started with Doan's ' .-- . Six boxes of these completely ,-,- -- :, _ . y pleased to say a good word - I recommend no better remedy • se who suffer with a bad back., ; rid of good. (Signed) John V V • ----, -- 'a, 13/9 ; of all dealers. Ask . Kidney Pills, like Mr. .31e(lotigh. . . _ ..

===== 0002601_19120203_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

THE FEEDING OF SCHOOL CHILDREN.

In addition to the important discussion on the pro- posal to restrict competition for the headmastership of Evelyn-street Council School to Warrington teachers, there were several points of Interest at the monthly meeting of the Warrington Education Committee on Monday evening. EVELYN-STREEr SCHOOLS. It was decided by the School Management Committtee to appoint Mr. Bertha Pugh, and Miss Dorothy Bee, headmistresses of the infants' and girls' departments respectively of the Evelyn-street Council school at their existing salaries. The engagements of nine teachers connected with the Sankey Bridges (Infants') Council school and the infants' department of the Trinity school were ordered to be terminated in order that they might be transferred to the Evelyn-street school at their existing salaries. Messrs C E Bromley, Dale, W H Gorse, W Miles, J E Richardson, J Rose, and A Tilling, at present acting as managers of the new Sankey Bridges Council School, were invited to serve as managers of the new Evelyn-street school. At a libsequent committee meeting it was reported that all these gentlemen with the exception of Mr Gorse had intimated their willingness to accept the appointment as managers of the school, and it was resolved, that the above named gentlemen, together with Councillor Bellian and Mr C E Parker, be appointed managers of the school. These minutes were confirmed. TEACHERS' SAL kRIES. •

At a meeting- Or the School Management Sub-com- mittee on January 11th, It Wal resolved that the salaries of the teachers in public elementary schools in the borough be Increased in acoordance with the committee's scale as from April let. Alderman 13aNNsrrr said he should be glad of some information as to the actual net increase which the revision of the scale of salaries represented for the year. The DIRECTOR OF EDUCATION said the amount of the increase was £l4O less than last year. That, however, did not mean the actual increase, which could only be ascertained when the estimates were made. Last year the actual increase was £5OO, and probably this year it would be less than that.

At a later meeting it was recommended that the scale of salaries be further revised so that the salaries of those teachers serving in classes C and F be altered to provide for the rate of increases to be £5 per annum, and after nine increases £lO per annum, instead of £5 per annum throughout as at present. Alderman BOLTON moved that this minute be referred back. lie considered the teachers in Warrington were very liberally paid, yet the scale was being revised without a word of explanation. They seemed to be playing ducks and drakes with the finances of the borough. Mr. YAIRCLOUGH formally seconded the amendment remarking that he would lime to hear the reasons why the recommendation was made. Canon STEVENSON said the matter was a very small one. It was merely to meet the case of one or two teachers who belonged to a class which they should not perpetuate. They were, however, very worthy people and if their salaries were increased at the present at small increments it would be a long time before they reached any reasonable salary at all. There would be no further cases, and he hoped the committee would pass the recommendation. _ _ .

Alderman BOLTON : Yes ; but it is a permanent affair afterwards. _

The CHAURNIAN: No. This cle-ss of teacher will go out. Councillor PEMBERToN said be knew why the recommendation was made, but be had taken up a position in public life, and should maintain it, that every member of the committee had a right to know what all the other sub-committees were doing. The whole of the business should be made quite clear and for that reason he should vote for the amendment. A vote was then taken, and the amendment was carried by 12 votes to eight. The minutes with the alteration were then approved. Canon STSVXNSON explained that in consequence of the amendment, the salaries in two cases only must be reduced back from £125 to £l2O.

COUNCILLOR PEMBERTON BLAMES HIMSELF. Councillor Pr:4l3mm; called atention to the fact that a certain minute had been omitted from the minutes. He was not wishful to publicly discuss the matter but he thought the omission was very improper. The CHAIRMAN explained that minutes involving a personal question were not as a rule printed. Councillor PEMBERTON : It is a serious matter reflect- ing en the management of a school. He added tint he did not want to discuss the merits of the case, as he would stand to be shot at. The resolution was a subterfuge. It was suggested that the matter should be discussed in committee._ _ _ .

Councillor PEMBMITOS : It is a thing that the public ought to know. This is the first time in my public, career that I have blamed myself for not making a thing public. I deferred to the wish of the committee and thought the matter was at an end but now they want to re-open it again. I shall not shrink from my duty, painful as it may be, or from the confession I have to make that I did something I thought I ought not to have done. . . . . .

After further die:melon it Was decided to go into committee and the Press represeutatives retired.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ESTABLISHED 1836.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
BODY, BRAIN AND NERVES.

Guarding Against Breakdown.

We live in an age of quickness. We do everything o-day in a hurry. We travel quickly, eat quickly and take our pleasures quickly. Every year the pace of life grows faster. Have you ever considered the effects of this quicken- ing of the pace of life? Are you wide awake to the fact that for our quick pace we pay a high price? Do you fully realise that all this quickened motion is making a tremendous demand upon your powers of endurance? And that if you do not take steps to guard against it you will soon be a worn-out man—the victim of this quick, high-pressure age? What you want is a food which will so nourish your system—nourish it in every great essential part —Body, Brain and Nerves—that you will be equal to the strain of these modern days. Vi-Cocca is the food you want. It builds up the body, braces the brains and nourishes the nervous system, rendering every part of the human organisa- tion equal to every test. Give Vi-Cocoa a trial. Never mind what you've been drinking at breakfast or supper in the past, start drinking Vi-Cocoa to-day—you'll feel the benefit of it at once. Do not ask your grocer for " Cocoa ".

'—ask for

—lt makes . Every grocer sells Vi-Cocoa in 6d. packets and gd. and Is. 6d. tins.

TELEPHONE 337 x.

BARGAINS IN PI ANOS,

DIAN° 1- BY BRINSMEAD.

'DIAN° 1. BY CHAPPELL

£8

'WAN° I. 28 BY JNO. BROADWOOD, ROSEWOOD CASE.

WAN° 1. BY R. ALLISON, WALNUT CASE.

212

lANO BY JNO. BROADWOOD. £l3 P

PIAITTY°IW. WAGNER. 219 PAINAN FRAME, 222 BY UPTON GILL.

0 10

0 10 0

pTANot -11- IRON FRAME, OVERSTRESO, 228 BY °ORS a KALEMANN.

10

pIANO, IRON FRAME, OVERSTRIING, R 34 0 LATEST IMPROVEMENTS, SLIGHTLY USED, BY HOPKINSON.

all the difference.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
EACH PIANO FULLY WARRANTED.

Full money allowed on them Pianos if exchanged for more expensive instruments. TUNED FREE FOR 12 MONTHS. TERMS: FROM Bs. PER MONTH.

WADSWORTH'S, 59, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

XsTADA. Sent free to any address

Canada is calling for Farmers, Farm Workers and Female Domestic Servants, and offers excellent opportunities to each

and all.

...., c./. ... ~......s -. „---...;•••'. iltit :.----- . ' These Pamphlets on ~ , c

===== 0002601_19120203_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
, 4 di%a h'O4:P :it °if at ' / S. # 1.--: ?GI I - 0 OR, NC' h. il ea, 0 init' 414:0 ild)ridgeS , ol," • U&gTonie , .440 0... lit lifi COLDS ;110 ko. . . . . • . . ~.. 4. ,:', V..? ?‘ 1 7 .4$ SO A 4 vof ~t 1 i• , wit e. A ..‘,... i qrs. .1 • f. ?IRA ~ q s-*4 :ri„ 9 ...,„ - 0 ': • )tribrid te4, .1,.._„ e. /0., . . et - Alg g • „ Lung Tonic * : 4 The rnost up-to-date, best known ~ . :1814:r and most successful Remedy in 40.5.,, Uthe World for V 4';i COGHS& COLDS ?..: 26 0.:: inv2tuabte,o SPEAK£RS, SINGERS and all ' 4s;:. who surfer from THROAT WEAKNESS. ;Arc • - CAUTION:—Ask for "ov/bridge" #tr and take no substitute. . _ '•. 'Pr: Van is the Best, Cheapest and Satest way 4.lltar to ret tt‘ertt 480.2, W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd., R.Ritt. 111 inufatt taws, PRO ...;,A° The Laboratory. HULL. aiip is, Esta bit V tea ~74 Sold eserv%here In bottles at 1):71.0 1/li, 2/9, 4/6 & 111. s'efr COPYRIGHT. 4V. 0.0 4

===== 0002601_19120203_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR SERIAL STORY.

tALL lialiT9 RBSERVED.] (Copyrighted in the United States of America by Arthur W. Marehmont.)

kill her to' learn it nas neen one of. tee eeasons which have held me silent. That and my cowardice. "What you yourself will think of me, I cannot bear to think. "Your father, " GEORGE PowELL." As Bulmer finished reading the long state- ment, he let the paper fall on the table With a heavy sigh and sat staring at it in infinite. distress and grief. In the pause which followed, Mr. Steven- son, who knew now of the relations between 11:.s two companions, rose and went out of the room. Presently /Lamer looked up At Helen and found that, with the tears standing thick in her eyes, she was • writing, and a moment afterwards she handed him what she had written. It was a telegram addressed to Sir Gre- gory. forgive you with all my heart. - -Helen. " "That is my answer, Bulmer. Now do as you wish in everything." "It is worthy of you, dearest. Worthy of my Helen ~" and he took her in his arms and held her to his heart, pressing his kisses on her lips. Thee drew ans.rt on hearing some commo• motion in the next room, and Mr. Stevenson entered, followed by Mr. Garwood. "Mr. Garwood can explain that London business," said Mr. Stevenson. "Mrs. Caul- field wired him to come down for the. pia- ps2." "The explanation will have to be short," said Bulmer, "for we are going to the Chase."

Helen started and turned to protest, hut Bulmer laid his hand on hers, 'You eaid it should all be as I wished," he whispered with a smile.

Mr. Garwood', explanation was soon made. Mrs. Caulfield had sent him a long telegram in regard to Bostock's real charac- ter and the part he had taken, and how Helen's friend, Mary Pescott, had given the information which had enabled him to Ellic. coed for the time. _ _

And almeet before the lawyer had had time to express his regret at having been the dupe of Bostock's canning, Buttner hurried Helen away to get such things as she needed from her lodgings until her trunks could be Bent after her to the Chase. Mr. Stevenson was at the station to see them start. He was very depressed at losing Helen, but very delighted that happiness was to be hers at last. "I don't know whether I'm sorry or glad," be said as he shook hands with Bulmer. "At one moment I feel I should like to put a bullet into you for rob- bing me in this way; and at another to write you a cheque for a thousand pounds for making her happy. And if you don't do it, it shall be the bullet," sod he laughed in the effort to hide how deep his feeling really was. "It was your own letter that did it all, re- member, Mr. Stevenson," said Bulmer. "I shall have that little comfort in my lone- liness. I shall be terribly, terribly lonely, too," he said to Helen. "I'm losing the best. friend in the world." _ . _

..... "Losing the typist, but not the friend," replied llelen, pressing his hand. "No. Thank God for that," he agreed earnestly. Ile held her hand a while, look- ing steadily into her eyes. Then he pressed his lips to it, and after releasing it paused n moment, sighed, and said very abruptly. "l'in only an old fool. I won't wait," and hurried away. Bulmer looked after him in surprise and laughed. "Don't laugh, Bulmer," said Helen earnestly. "You don't know ;" and he saw that her eyes were dim with tears as she en- tered the carriage. On the journey Bulmer explained to her the plan which he had formed in the night— that they should affect to have just dis- covered the fact of her being the rightful owner of the Chase; but she urged that no- thing at all should ever be said until after Sir Gregory's death. And to this he agreed, if the matter could be so arranged. Lady Trevelloek was to know as little as possible; and when they reached the Chase Bulmer went at once to tell her of Helen's arrival. He found his mother in great dis- tress at Mrs. Caulfield's departure, and in some bewilderment as to the cause.

"Beth told me there was to be no marriage after all, Bulmer, and that she wile going away, for good. What does it mean? " "I have found Helen, mother; and Mrs. Caulneld had kept us apart." "But Helen is married, Bulmer!"

"No, mother. That was all wrong. And there is to be a marriage. Helen's and mine. She has been deeply wronged by Mrs. Caul- field, and we all owe her reparation for what she has been made to suffer."

"Where is she?" "Here at the Chase. She has come with me. I thought it best to see you first." "God bless the boy. You didn't think I needed to be prepared to take her to my old heart. Why I love the child for her own sweet sake as mush as for yours." He brought lichen to the room and let her enter alone. And when he followed soon afterwards he found them locked in each other's arms, with tears of happiness in their eyes. He was drawing back to leave them together, when his mother called him.

'Come in, Bulmer." lie croesed to her couch and she took his hand.

"This has made me very happy," she said gently, with a smile thro tgh her tears. "I ,have longed all my life for such a daughter as Helen." "Thank you for that, mother, from my heart," he replied, bending down to kiss her. She kissed him in return, and then looked at Helen.

"And you, my dear child? " Helen paused, too deeply moved for the instant to find words. Then she threw her arms round Lady Trevellock's neck, and al! her heart found vent in one passionak, almost sobbing cry, "Mother! "

THE END.

”'=

===== 0002601_19120203_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Slit GREGORY'S SILENCE

ARTHUR W. MARCHMONT, Author of "The Man Who Was Dead." "By Right of Sword," &e.

CHAPTER XXVL

===== 0002601_19120203_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE END.

"My dear Bulmer,— I send the enclosed statement to you under cover to Mr. Steven- son. in order that you may read it before we meet again and know the full truth. Yoi. are at liberty to read as much of it as you will to the young lady you know as Helen Paxton, and also to Mr. Stevenson. I will have no more concealment, let the cost be what it may; and what the cost will be must rest in their hands. Let it be what it may, it cannot cause me more suffering than my own wrong-doing has caused me during the past terrible mouths. lam willing to give up the Chase at once. —Your affectionate father."

The following was the enclosure: "My dear Son,—For many years the world has known me as Sir Gregory Trevellock. I took the name when, as Gregory Powell, I succeeded the late Sir John Trevellock. But I have no right to either name; and how I came to be so known this statement will ex- plain. "When we were young men I, George Powell, and my cousin, Gregory Powell, were both sent to America; he because of the wild dissipated life ho had lived in this country, I because I wao poor and had no prospects. We met in Montana, where each had gone in the hope of finding an easy road to wealth at the mines. I, did net at first 'know that he was in that district, and only learnt it when I heard of his wild doings and generally evil life. The knowledge came to me under very painful circumstances.

"I was at the time under the influence of Alice Lacosta, and wishful to marry her. My cousin Gregory was her lover secretly, how- ever ; and one day he came to me quite un- expectedly, and, with many coarse jeers and taunts, flouted me about her, and declared that he had ruined her under a pretence of marriage, he himself being already married. A violent quarrel followed. which ended in his attempting my life. He then fled, and hearing of him, I wrote that if we met again I would shoot him.

"While I was still in this hot mood, Alice Lacoste came to beg me to help her. She did not believe Gregory's story of the previous marriage, and wished to find him, and force the truth from him. I agreed, and together we went in pursuit of him. We tracked him to a place called Wallace, a rough, lawless place close to some silver mines, where we were all three unknown. We met in a lonely shanty. All three were mad with rage. Gre- gory had my threatening letters upon him, and taunted me about them. I had drawn my revolver, really more to protect myself from his violence than intending to kill him; and when he refused to say a word about his previous marriage, and insulted Alice Lacosta in terms which even now, after the lapse of all the years, make my blood boil, she snatched the weapon out of my hand and shot him through the heart. "I could not blame her for the net. Ile had merited his fate; and no jury in that district woui(l have thought of punishing her for it. _ _ .

"But the moment we had ascertained that Gregory was dead, she showed how she in- tended to use the thing against me. With the weapon levelled at my head, she declared that unless I agreed to personate Gregory and make her my wife, for the sake of her nnborn child, she would denounce me as his mur- derer. My threatening letters were in his pocket; it was my weapon with which he had been killed and she vowed she, would swear that in jealousy I had followed them and murdered her husband in cold bloci. The apparent proofs were damning. I knew my life would be taken; and unfortu- nately I yielded. I ceased from that moment to be myself, George Powell, and became Gregory Powell. The story she had declared she would tell against me was told to explain Gregory's death ; and immediately after- wards we left Wallace, and I married Alice Lacoste. Her child was born—the girl whom you knew as your sister, Lotta. "I sought work, and lived an honest life; but, owing to a chain of circumstances, having once declared myself to be Gregory Powell, I found it impossible to again take my own name. In less than a year Lotta's mother died; and soon afterwards I married again—the purest woman who ever drew the breath of life, your mother. "She never knew me as other than Gre- gory Powell, and I had hoped that all that black, distressing past would have been kept from her until the secrets of all hearts are unsealed after death. Fate has, however, de- cided r)therwise, and I can struggle against it no longer. "When you were four years old I heard that, as Gregory Powell, I was entitled to the Chase and the name of Trevellock. As Gregory had died without leaving any chil- dren—and I believed that from my heart, and had made every effort to discover the truth—l was by right entitled to the succes- sion; and the one question I had to decide was whether I should take the inheritance in my own name, or as Gregory. For reasons you aill understand, after reading this state- ment, I decided to come to England as Gre- gory, and became Sir Gregory Trevellock. "Of the life at the Chase I need not speak, until, like a thunderclap, Helen came to me and put into my hands the proof of her parentage. She was Gregory's child by the first marriage, of which he had spoken. "I was as unstable as water in face of the temptation to keep silence. I could not avow the truth and face the exposure of that black leaf in my life. I fell. God forgive me, for I know now how deep was the fall; and my sin has been with me every hour from that terrible ordeal. I told her I had destroyed tha m•rtnf• she gave me. I lied. and foun% afterwards that she knew 1 had lied. 1 dui not destroy them. I could not. I still meant to avow everything, but found pretext sfter pretext to put off the avowal. .1 fear I should never have made it, but have left it to be discovered after my death. How I loathe my despicable cowardice I cannot tell in words. _ _ _

"Then Jasper Dostock came to the Chase, knowing of some of the evil deeds which Gregory had committed and thinking that I was the man who had done them. Oh, the punishment of all that! I bribed him to hold his tongue, and deceived you all, even my dear, patient, loving wife. All the rest of my miserable hypocrisy you know, and I need' not dwell on it. "The letter from Mr. Stevenson, part of which you read when I was all but stricken unconscious by the blow it dealt, told me that now discovery was inevitable; and when you came to me afterwards I was going to try and tell you everything. I called you back, but it was too late. I heard that you had started on your journey, and knew that you would hear everything from him. "So I have written this confession—thiit Helen and you may know the full truth. "I am in her hands. It is for her to do what she will. For myself, I ask no mercy. I deserve none. It is but right that I should suffer for the wrong I have done; indeed, I declare solemnly that it would be a relief to me to bear some other than the self-infliated punishment which has racked and tortured me to the verge of suicide. But for my wife, I would have you plead with. Helen. She has not many years to live, and if those years can be spared from the shame and suffering and grief inseparable from a knowledge of my sin, in the name of mercy let it be done. She is innocent of even a thought of all this; end the knowledge that it would prol,ably

===== 0002601_19120203_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

LATCHFORD.

The First Team were defeated at Wiunington Park last week by 3-1. The visitors were the first to score, Travis netting after a nice movement among the for- wards. The Winnington inside-left however equalised with a fast shot before the intervc,l. The home team re-arranged their forward line for the second half with marked success as they got four more goals and won easily. Ridley in goal for Latchford played well and could not be blamed for any of the shots that scored. Knight and Fletcher in the back division were also very prominent. Just after half time two of Latch- ford's forwards got damaged accidentally and were of little use for the remainder of the game andlthis placed a great handicap on the team generally. The Second Teams met at Latchford and when the home eleden were leading by three clear goals ten minutes from time a comfortable win seemed assured. W'innington however male an astonishing rally and actually got three goals before the whistle blew and made a most creditable draw of 3-3 amid some excite- ment. 11T Gibbs (who hails from a Nottingham Club) made a very successful debut at right-half for Latchford and Isherwood and Banks also played soundly, with the result that the visiting forwards were well held nearly 'dl the game. Among the forwards Laver, Calton, and Minards did many good things. Tbe goals were scored by Colton (2), Minards (1). For to-day the first team had no fixture but a match has been arranged with the officers hockey eleven trona Orford Barracks. The home team has been selected as follows :—T Dixon, goal ; P Allanson, W H Pickles, backs ; F W Isherwood, J B Wilkinson, A linlght, halves; R A Dale, J Pearson, D Travis, C Hackney, E Banks, forwards. Bully-off 2.15 p.m. The second team v Bowdon" II "at Bowdon is :—fl Wright, goal ; II Walsh, R Parkinson, backs ; II T Gibbs, A E Bradshaw, II Eccles, halves ; II It Colton,ll Fletcher, W H Minards, E Lacer, A Starkey, forwards. Train from Arpley Station 111 p.m.

DEATH OF A PRESCOT UNION OFFICER. The death took place on Monday at his residence of Mr. Edmund Range, the assistant overseer for the townships of Whiston, Knowsley,Ecoleston, and Windlo of the Prescot Union. Mr. Range, who was in his sixty-second year, leaves a widow, four daughters, and two sons to mourn his loss.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

A TRADES DISPUTES BILL.

The Liberal Government in the Warrington Parliamentary Debating Society addressed itself to the legislative programme of the second part of the session on Tuesday when a Trades Disputes Bill was introduced by the Home Secretary (Mr. Mark Howarth). The attendance, though an improvement on some recent meetings, was not as large as the importance of the subject warranted. The Bill establishes compulsory arbitration in trades disputes in England, Scotland and Wales. Its provisions, as laid on the table of the House,read : Clause I. That the Country be divided up for the purpose of the Act into six districts, tour districts being in England, one in Scotland and one in Wales.

Clause 11. That this Act shall apply in the first instance to the following trades only :—Textile, Engineering, Shipbuilding and Metal Trades, Building, Mining, Railways, other transport trades, Printing and allied trades, Corporation Employees. Other trades shall be brought within the scope of the Act as is found necessary. Clause 111. That in every district separate Arbitration Boards shall be formed for each trade, these Boards to consist of ten representatives of the Employers and ten representatives of the Employees, presided over by a Chairman, agreed on by both parties. Such Chairman to be selected from a panel issued by the Board of Trade. Clause IV. That a Central Arbitration Board be established consisting of a Chairman appointed by the Government two repre- sentatives appointed by the Masters Fed.3rations and two representatives appointed by the Trades Unions. Clause V. That it shall be incumbent on both parties in case of dispute to give thirty days notice to their local Arbitration Board, before either the Masters shall lock out their Employers, or the Employers declare a strike. Clause VI. On receiving notice the local Arbitration Board shall meet within ten days and endeavour to arrive at an agreement._

- Clause VII. Should no agreement be arrived at by the local Arbitration Board within twenty-one days of receiving notice, the matter in dispute shall be referred to the Central Arbitration Board who shall endeavour to effect a compromise between the two parties, failing which they shall publish a statement of the terms of settle- ment suggested by them. Clause VIII, An agreement once arrived at shall be binding on both parties for a period of twelve months and any employer or ' employee who shall break any portion of the agreement arrived at shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £250 and ,£5 respectively. It was announced that Clause IV. had been altered to provide that the members of the Central Arbitration Board should include two representatives "appointed by the masters" and two "elected by the workers throughout the country." The Home SECRETARY, in introducing the Bill, said he did not think it embodied any principle that was directly opposed to any of the tenets of any political party. During the recent uarest and upheavals great industries had been " held up," almost at a moment's notice, and the transport trade had perhaps suffered more than any other. Th result had bean in many cases that the very necessities of life, the foodstuffs of the people, had risen almost to famine prices. In a speech during the recent railway troubles Mr. W. P. Rylends described tSe recourse to strikes and lockouts as a barbarous system, and advocated the eettlement of disputes in the transport trades by means of an Arbitratiou Board which should inspire the confidence of every section of the community. In IMO there were 3l strikes in this country representing a loss of about £2,000,000 in wages. The one redeeming feature I was that in practically every care masters and men had shown a willingness, even an eagerness, to meet together and endeavour to arrivo at a solution. Speaking generally, he did not think the fault lay entirely with the m4sters or the men or with both, but that it was chiefly due to a want of the necessary machinery which would enable grievances to be ventilated and a com- promise effected before such a drastic step as a strike or lock-out was resorted to. The present Bill, he claimed, provided that me.chinery and would do much to end the evils which were fraught with such disaster to our trade. It was a measure upon which both sides of the /louse could work, with the object of producing the most perfect instrument of legislation possible. The new scheme would not apply to Ireland which had already received Home Rule from that House and, they believed, would receive it from the Imperial House next session. (Mr. E. England : "It does not look like it"). Trades disputes were a domestic question which might well be left to the Irish Parliament with- out outside interference. The trades included within the scope of the Bill were those which the experience of past years had shown to be most likely to suffer from disputes. If the local Arbitration Boards did not arrive at an agreement, it was felt that with the assistance of the Central Board a successful compromise would be effected. If not, the Board would publish the condi- tions which they suggested for a settlement, and the Government would be prepared to leave the rest to the force of public opinion. The scheme would mean the recognition of trade unions and he did not think it was necessary to make any apology for that. If there should be any persons with such antedeluvian ideas as to object to the recognition of the union., he could only say that it was useless for them to kick against the pricks. The trade unions had now become an essential part of the machine of industry, and they contributed very largely to its power and smooth running, The representatives of the Cantral Arbitration Board would, however, be elected irrespec- tive of membership of trade unions. The Government did not say that the Bill was an ideal method of dealing with the subject, but they claimed that it was an honest and sincere attempt. Mr. J. MCDERMID (C., Paisley), in moving the customary Opposition amendment, protested against the way in which the House had been treated in being called upon to discuss at sight a measive of such importance. That fact might to a large extent account for the meagre attendance. The Hom a SECRETARY regretted that the Bill did not appear in the local papers but said the Opposition were to blame for occupying so much space with their dumping exhibition. (Laughter). Mr. laloDmimick : Our friends seem to have been somewhat in the dumps last week, and it is plain they have not altogether recovered from the effects. (Laughter). Mr. WATSON (Socialist, E. Birmingham) : That exhibition would give anyone the dumps. (Laughter.) Mr. E. ENGLAND (Li Warrington) : It 'ought to do. Mr. MCDERMID I admit a section of our friends have been upset over it. No doubt they will recover in due time. (Laughter.) Continuing, he said, that in all sections of the House there was a consensus of opinion as to the necessity of some such measure as had been placed before them that night. (Socialist "No, no's.") They were all agreed as to the disastrous effects which industrial disputes had on the community and they had for a long time felt the need for something more up-to- date than the barbarous method of the strike or lock- out. Those who suffered most from the effeots of that method were those who were lowest in the social soale. They were the first to feel the distress and they felt it longest and most acutely. He' contended that the present Bill had been hurriedly prepared. If there were any benefits to be derived from it by the industrial popu- lation,he protested against Ireland being left outside Its scope on the visionary and somewhat uns.lbstantial prospect that they might have, in a short time, some measure of self-government which would enable them to deal with such matters themselves. The prospect of any such development became more remote every day they lived. If the Bill provided the necessary machinery for settling disputes, why limit it to certain trades ? They ought to have a measure that would be equally applicable to the lowest trades in the country as well as to the better organized workers. It was a significant fact that, while the Rome Secretary professed to give recognition to trade unions, he struck out the only reference to trade unions in the measure. Trade unions had in the past been highly beneficial to the workers and it was to be regretted that the moderm develop- ments of the movement had been of such a character as to destroy very largely the benefits formerly derived from it. It was a great pity that the unions had in some oases practically abdicated the functions for which they were originally intended and had become political institutions. Representative men on certain trades councils had been compelled to retire in favour of extremists who had advocated impracticable schemes and had been largely responsible for many trade disputes. The trade of the country had suffered very disastrously from the effects of industrial welfare. The Opposition were twitted when they said there was another cause of dwindling trade, but they bad on all occasions pointed out that there were many contributory causes, and that unemployment was not I solely due to any one of them.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Our Annual CARPET SALE Daring the same period, when all Goods in the Carpet Department are reduced in Price. Carpets Made and Laid Free of Charge. Floorcloths and Linoleum Laid Free of Cost.

FEBRUARY sth to MARCH 16th, Inclusive.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
RAY & MILES 34,320:6400442ett1x,48, LIVERPOOL.

Mr. L. WARBURTON (C., W. Bristol) seconded the amendment. He said the Bill was ri mixture of what bad been done in Australia, New Zaaland and Canada, but he questioned whether it would be satisfactory to this country. He believed that before they took a Ray from a roan the power t. strike strike they must offer him some equivalent and else establish a minimum cage. The only power the workman possessed was the power to strike. Under the now Bill he would have to accept the decision of the Central Arbitration Board. Wes that just ? (Socialist " No's.") How were the workers to elect two represent itives on the Arbitration Board ? They were no: suleci sntly co nolileted. It was proposed to inflict a £5 penalty on a workman eh() brcke an agreement,but the majority of the workers had not £5. Bow could they fine a man who had no money? Mr. E. ENGLAND (1., Warriegton) characterised the Bill as a pill to cure an earthquake. It was oaly a slight palliative, whereas remedies and cures were required. Rarely in the history of the country had there been so much labour unrest as at present. La t year the nation was brought to the verge of revolution or civil war. The fact was tint the people had been bitterly disappointed at the non-fulfilment of the political promises which had been made t ) them. They were still waiting for the refreshing fruit which bad been dangled so often before their eye, under the disguise of Liberalism. Under this Govern- ment Liberalism had become almost a dead letter. (A voice : " Nonsense.") Some people went so far as to say that the legislation of the Government was Socialism. (Sosialists " No, no.") The Socialists denied that it was Secialism aid he said that the legis- lation of to-day was bastard Soo'a'ism. The trade returns of this country undoubtedly showed an increase; yet during the last ten 3ears the stets of the workers was worse than before that period. ( ' Question.") No wonder that the people were tired of their allegiance to the Liberal party. They felt that the Govern- ment bad played them false or, at least, bad not come up to expectations. They were so bitterly disappointed that they felt they must take matters into their own hands, and they were doing so. The Trades Disputes Bill would do very little to alleviate the situation. It was no better than the machinery already in force—in fact he preferred the present machinery. If employers and workers failed to agree they could invoke Board of Trade intervention. Fancy Liberals gaing in for compulsion ! They seemed to be losing all idea of what Liberalism really meant. True Liberalism said that capital and labour must be free to work out their own salvation. rbe pelioy of Mr. Lloyd George was crippling industry, while the policy of Mr. Boner Law sought to assist and build up our trade. The recent eleetione showed that the tide was turning ageinst the so-called Liberalism of to-day and if an appeal were made to the country the Government would be defeated. It only held office by the aid of the Welsh and Nationalist parties. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN (Soc., Gorton) said the Bill was inefficient, impracticable and utterly imp -ssible as a solution of the question. Never in the history of the House had they been presented with such a fallacy. The Socialists were the only party with a remedy which would bring about a final settlement in the industrial world. Whilst they realized the destitution caused by strikes, they were unwilling to advise the workers to forego the right to strike. The railway servants had had an experience of conciliation. The scheme had been interpreted to the liking of the masters, leaving the men in a worse position than they occupied before its introduction. The railway strike of 1911 was settled by arbitration and the men were tricked Ince to their work. The same discontent still prevailed amongst them. By allowing non-unionists to be elected on the Central Arbitration Board, the Ham Secretary had killed the idea of recognition. Before an agreement was con- cluded, would it be submitted to every worker ? How would it be possible, in the event of a coal strike, to fine every miner in the kingdom £5 ? The only means of effecting a final settlerneet wis to sooialise the means of production and thus establish tee equality of interest on the part of every worker and citizen. The CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER (Councillor J. Ha vthorn) said the members of the Government were not in the dumps. Any Free Trader who visited the dumping exhibition And saw the quality of the goods exhibited most have come away rejoicing in the supremacy of the British manufacturer. The Opposition attitude with regard to the Trades Disputes Bill was like their policy on the Insurance Bill. It was a " Yes-No " policy. They were in favour of a Trades Disputes Bill, but because it had been intro • duced by a Liberal Government they opposed it. The Tories were supposed to believe in the Colonies, yet the Colonies had led in the matter of trades disputes and had organizations such as the Bill suggested. He was surprised that the Socialist members objected, because in She Colonies the Labour members had been foremost in wive:eating compulso-y arbitration. The , fines proposed in the Bill were less than those already in force in the Colonies. (Mr. ENGLAND: "They. must be better off.") He did not thine anyone in the House could assert that the trade of this country was a dwindling quantity at the present time. The member for Warrington seemed to have a bee in his bonnet. (Laughter,) He was more concerned abcut the supposed injustices imposed by Mr. Lloyd George than about anything in the present Bill. The new scheme did not prevent worke-s from striking, but what it insisted upon was that workers and employers who had a dispute should come round the Arbitration Board before they struck, instead of afterwards This was no inter- ference with trade unions—in fact the Bill gave them a standing in being able to propound the dispute as far as the workers wore concerned. Mr. C. DUKES (SOC., West Ham) opposed the Bill root and branch, because he opposed the principle on %Mob it was based. The only line of demarcation between the wage slave of to-day and the old chattel slave was that the former had the right to withdraw his labour at any time. No power should be brought in to deprive him of that right end compel him to submit it to any arbitration that might be bought or sold by those who happened to control the money bags of the country. Industrial conflicts were net the result of agitation but of economic developments. Society was divided into sections —the exploiters and the] exploited—and between them there existed an antagonism which neither conciliation nor agitation could destroy. By virtue of his ownership of the means of production, an employer oould precipitate a look-out in order to dispose of surplus stock. The Bill would undermine the sympathetic strike and he believed it had been drafted for that purpose. The debate was adjourned until next Tueeday evening.

MILLION PENNY FUND.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
BURNING FATALITY.

Warrington Child's Sad End.

An inquest was conducted by Mr. Brighouse at the Warrington Police Station, on Monday morning, on the body of Bertram Philip Riley, aged two years and eight months, son of Joseph Riley, ,Pinewood Avenue, who was burned to death on Saturday morning. Joseph Riley, deceased's father, said his wife had informed him that she brought the deceased downstairs and put him in a cradle. She made a fire and at 9.30 she went out on an errand, leaving the child In the cradle near the flPe. When she returned she saw the cradle was in flames and she thereupon shouted for help, and a neighbour, Mrs. Eokersley, went in the house and helped to extioguish the flames. In answer to questions by the Coroner, witness said the child could walk and it would be in the cradle about two feet away from the fire. The cradle was made of wicker and the child would be covered by a counterpane. Mrs. Eckersley, 5, Pinewood-street said that about 9.45 on Saturday morning she heard Mrs. Riley scream" Oh I my child." On entering the kitchen she saw the cradle in flames. She got a rug and threw it over the cradle and afterwards put water on and she got hold of the child and took it into a neighbour's house. The child expired before she got it to the house. She thought the fire miglA have been caused by a spark dropping on to the counterpane. The mother of the child was not present as she was suffering from shock.

The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death."

REV. J. D. WOOD'S PREFERMENT. The Rev. J. Douglas Wood, senior curate at the St. Helene Parish Church, in charge of St. IV lary's Mission Church, has been appointed Vicar of areasley, Nottinghamshire, where he succeeds the Rev. E. C. Thornton, formerly of St. Helens, who has been apppointed to St. Matthias, Sheffield. Mr. Woad, who has been at St. Helens since 1908, takes up his new duties at Easter.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCCESSFUL WtIIST DRIVE AND DANCE.

The second annual whist drive and dance in aid of the Infirmary Million Penny Fund, bok place in the Empire Skating Rink on Monday. After the success which attended the first venture of the kind, a similar, if not better, affair was anticipated, and over five hundred and forty persons avembled. Their expecta- tions were not belied, the function being a highly enjoyable one. The first portion of the evening was devoted to whist, and for this popular game one hundred and twenty tables wers occupied by enthusiasts. Twenty games were played, the duties of M.C. being ably carried out by Mr H Collin, assisted by an energetic band of stewards, which included Messrs C H Wells, F Short, H Hope, F Garnett J H Smethurst, H Rogers, J L Davenp ad, J Bailey, A C Binks and W Kilduff. The prizes for the whist, which were given by Lsdy Greenall, wore presented by Mrs. W Peter Itylands.Mr. J. 11. Smethurst presided and the following were the winners: Ladies : 1, Mrs H B Houghton; 2, Mrs T Gumboil; 3, Miss Perdue; 4, Miss M Todd. Gentlemen : 1, Councillor W J Wilson; 2, Mr F J Mynekyme ; 3, Mrs F A Frost (playing as a gentle- man); 4, Mr H Baldwin.

_ A vote of thanks was accorded Mrs. Rylands for her services. About eleven o'clock the company assembled for dancing. An excellent programme bad beeen arranged and the party indulged in this popular pastime with great zest, to the strains of the Rink band. A feature of the evening was the shadow dances, for which lincelights had been fitted at each end of the spacious hall. The M C was Mr C II Wells, and he was assisted by Messrs F Short, B Cooper, H Maddock, J L Davenport, and Dr Burt as stewards. For those who were not disposed to dance a bridge drive was conducted, the prizes for which had been given by Lady Greensll and Messrs. Eustace and Ce. Ltd. The stewards were Messrs H Hope and 1 Bowes, and after a series of interesting games had been played the following winners were announced : —Ladies : 1, Mrs. Bops. Gentletren, 1, Mr. Baldwin. At intervals refreshments were provided. The management of this department was well cairried out by the Ladies' Committee of which Mrs. F. Short is the bon. sec-etary. The refreshment bar was in the hands of Messrs. C. Garton Stone and J. Holland, the licence having been obtained by Councillor Rogers. At an eaily hour on Tuesday morning the party broke up and the prevailing opinion was that the affair had been an immense success, one that reflected much credit on the General Committee of the fund with Mr. J. H. Sn.ethurst as the chairman and Mr. 11. Collin as hon secretary.

NTIDNES WOMEN'S STRANGE DRINKS, WHISKY NOT STRONG ENOUGH. A Pole named Anthony Xing, living in Waterloo road, Widnes, was summoned at the Liverpool Police Court, before Dr. Whitford and other magistrates, on Tuesday, for having unlawfully had in his possesivon, whilst on the premises of the London and North- Western Railway Company, without permission in writing, a glass bottle containing 41be. of inflammable spirit—to wit, ether drops. Evidence was given to the effect that on November 28th, a boy in the company of the defendant vreat into Lime-street Station, Liverpool, carrying a bottle con- taming the spirit. While the defendant was purchasing his ticket the boy dropped the bottle, and the contents burst into flame, the incident creating no little excite- ment. The defendant pleaded ignorance of any offence. 110 said he was taking the ether to Widnes where it w' used by women for putting in their A we. 'used gin, or coffee. He had bought it for them twice previously when visiting Liverpool. The Chairman remarked that ether was a most inflammable spirit. He had witnessed an operating theatre blown to atoms through a quantity of sunb spirit catching fire. A flue of 408. and 275. Gd. costs was imposed.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
DROWSY & WEAK Because you are Bloodless.

Thousands have been made Bright and Strong

by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

A feeling that you could sleep all day, with wretched weaknesss and a tendency to look en the black side of things- that is the inevitable effect of Bloodlessness, or Anirmia. Your nerves are exhausted because your thin blood is not good enough to nourish them; your digestive system refuses to absorb food,and,altogether, you lack brightness and the ability to do things that makes life go pleasantly. Just the lack of enough blood to keep your body in trim ! Think of it, and realise how effectually other victims have overcome the trials of Bloodlessness. They have replenished and built up their systems, with New, Bed Blood, by means of Dr. Williams Pink Pills—the Pills that Strengthen—and to-day they live happy, healthy lives unbroken by sickness. A CORNISH GIRL'S GISTORY. To give one example, the record of Miss E. C. Osborn, whose address is Retew, near Grampound road, Cornwall, is printed here. Mrs. Osborn stated "Itis a long time since nil , daughter, Caroline, enjoyed , such splendid health as Dr. Williams' Pink rills hare given her. She was like a shadow bloodless, depressed and tired—and she used to say that she could sleep all day. "All colour left her face; she complained of feeling( cold, as though her blood bad turned to water. All her meals were followed b/ pains across the chest and shoulders, accompanied b 1 Miss E. C. Osborn. ttulence. "Various tonics and aperients recommended msds her stomach weaker. Any exhaustion caused palpito' tion with distressing breathlessness, and even wbeti going upstairs she had to rest on the way. "Then a friend recommended Dr. Williams Pink Pills to my daughter. After Caroline had taken $ few supplies of the Pills she got good rest at nigbilh and the headache and breathlessness passed away. Soon a good healthy colour came into her face. A° Dr. Williams' Pink Pills filled her veins with new' blood her strength returned, and all traces of Blood- lessness, Indigestion and Depression left her." The Pills that strengthen—that is the great secret 0! the success achieved by Dr. Williams Pink Pills. N° other Pills so surely give tone to the vital organs, the ; spine end the nerv,s. Obtainable of dealers, or, free, direct from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., lu Holborn Viaduct, London, E.C., price 28. Dd. per boli or 13s. 9d. for six boxes. But no sly substitute WU do ; you must have Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

4aP • ;11:,. " /Th

===== 0002601_19120203_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19120203_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
-

NTOLERABLE INTRUSION! OR, THE ULSTER ROBINSON CRUSOE.

- In the sand ") : "What's this? Some base intruder dares to place tout my permission? It's a foul outrage, an' I'll resist it with every drop of

my blood!'

• - , Tr. -e „4. „.y _see ,74 for The Examiner Saturday February 3, 9r2.

thised with the wish to get the best man. As a bumble educationist he had sympathy with that view, and he should be extremely sorry if the resolution were to form even a precedent for future action. The only justitiltion of it that he could see was that it might be advisable for the present moment to do something which m;ght be an encouragement to the teachers of the town, but if it were intended to be the future policy of the committee, he wouldifeel bound to vote against it. There seemed, however, to be some need to put some form of encouragement before the assistsnt teachers in the employ of the committee. They felt they bad much difficulty in getting posts as headmasters in other county boroughs' and if they were not to have a chance in Warrington, their

PROSPECT OF PROMOTION NVOI-LO RE VERY SLIGIIT indeed. The committee had therefore to consider the wisdom of recognising the work of local teachers by offering them the new appointment. There was some- thing to be said for that point of view, but there was nothing to he raid for making it a precedent for such a policy in the future. Councillor Dr. McKEE supported the amendment. He said there was a very important principle at stake and the resolution would undoubtedly be taken as a precedent. He failed to see how the committee could do injustice to the local teachers by appointing the best man. He was sure the members of the committee would pay rarticular attention to the Warrington man and, if his qualifications were equal to those of the out- sider, let him have the preference. If they had six good men in Warrington and they appointed one, would there not be more jealousy among the remaining five than if they brought in a man from outside? A vote was then taken with the following result For the amendment : Against:— The Chiiirman Councillor Jenkins The Mayor Wilson Alderman Bennett „ Bellian „ Bolton Mr A J Jolley Councillor C Jackson Holmes „ E Plinston „ Dirties „ C Unsa °rat Pemberton „ J Upton Dickenson Dr McKee , Wilkinson Mrs C Jackson Holmes Rev Father Wilson

Mr R T Fairclough „ C S Burgess „ F R Roberts

-15

The amendment was therefore carried and the minute referred back.

--

AN 1N1vi...._ 41311- kill . A.IP THE ULSTER ROBINSUA ..,..—_ _ - . ---- ____ IL -.....--.- , ::: --'--:-......\ , ...,.. ~.... , ^,kax -ITO, ---(-----.7-7---- 's, -----= - --( _.--.:_--_. _.-------__( '17.--::•----:-_.--.---:-:--,_ 13, \ , --:: _ ( -se--=.---,-, - - _____ --• , .„„--,___ __-_\_ -- . - • ...,..-,- ._ ------,-...- k _ -... :„..--..:._•_:----.,--„------...----- , ---•-• ....-- , --- ---=-----, _ - •--,...-..„A------ -_-'_... •„. t e'• ------'-- -- - - - - 7 - '' /- ' - ---7 :7 •7 1: ---'' -- A•s. - - = : --''.- " - -- - ~e,........-1. -7•••••....... • ',•• /-,t•---- , -,,.,-- --'. \ ,- ___ , ~, r- •=-__ ~ • •:" -,- . -{,4',:f • N - .f• .._. 1-....."4- ,`A i --- -- -- ---- -- - ----- --- --= •.- - ( -.7=7" -- 7--- ,_ _ _—_ _--- )i-- --_ : _-__ .' ---"'-2._ _,---_- ---- - , , --,- „ie ••••4. . "-:&_•3.- ~ _ ,Vil.k. ---7•--k.„,.. --•-•-•-- -- -______. ... ..1- --------, - ...____ .."-•• ,---_, ' .---- -- 411, ", ......,_,-;=. ' •-..-1,',,,,,,,,.- -'"' _ •••,; — --"".r------ . , •--- --,'•-•*,•Tfr. Var..-. 7., _ - , ---. -.--..--•••• ••- -------- - -,----:-. - - ' 'IA \N .--.------------' --: :;', ---,••-•'=-• -..-- -. --- -•---- --- 1 ilto '''' •sy, -...., -., '••••••` ••••=;..cc "=-----...,-,,,,ra1--..-..--.-- .." - ---,,=‘,,-- -----,.----.7'- ---- ''' -..- ------..-...--=arr'• 1.,..,—___,. -,- - -----...= agia4o4,4**•X A \ As:. -.Stle ....-- ‘7 -..- I_-'--71121,,,_: A _077,7: \ • --•• "-- ,7 -V,,,, ' _ .7!,,..W551.P.,,,1.W,; __ _ - Alp - --- 0 • ~,,....-* 1,1‘41:_---_-___,....,-__- --..----_,....,:_- _---...........__ ---x-=.-_,__------z------__--,----------- -- ".=--------------- '''-------------------, , `. - ~------- ----'- -- -- - . .._....------------------.-=--_--"-. - ~ /.../4/ ; ~. 414,), ,„,.,1.. ------7___ ',/ s• ,4'.4A. t. i fit‘ ...-- _____---_---__----_____,_-----, iS ' •••."°'it r l _ -------.,------7-- ______-_-__--s-_-_-_-- ____ off /• , t I 'lli I 1,1 1\ _ _ -_-_----_,-:-._____ _ ..„--- -- _ --_.:..--,--- ~ -•----... -..„--a--_--_-__ ____:_r___— _f_-•=___ ,___ ' irh, ~.- 44, ' , __,--„, .- - - k)‘_STE•i:k ..• ._- '----- ---,ci, - ---_,__ - i • .„, • - ~J 4 ----- •:- ....,;,____ . , ---' \AMA- • -.'- ~—..,- .... . .• • ••• • . ._-,..*---- - • . • - -- • -A.----.-----2-. - - - „-- , _-_--- ____ - ---.-- - ••:... ••:... . _ ...„ • . ..----/ .. ~_ __....z....... _ - ••k•-•-•• ~.,,-, .... ' • .*. • ... -.• '' . I:As-- ,z;••• P.', '...''-' .' - .- .. -r_-__------- -:------- --=--;-__-_ . ---"' .- .. -_ - .... •C‘.s-• • As. ~,.,. •.• ~ ^ W., •'.'. • • :....,7,044."•".......10P,' '''' '..*:. :• • -"--... ----:,,r•-•• - . '------ ..--; .. ,'. 411.0. '-_.%"..,„._ <-.--,:::: .-.7 :.i,...-=.:.•: :....:..* :...... ~-. - . •:::•••.. -.• •Z ' • --TT -"_. . :). e•-P, ' • •:-., --„,..---A._••• __' ----: r.--r.----, --552.--_:-,ca.--;.-r.•__-7-.-.:,,,,._ • _,_2‘.')--g•.:__ -- --- ..---s .-'5...,,,ar•-=':::- ,-77.-x> ' • ' '.WF •' - ......• . . •-• ./r._-_,...."--••-"--?-_, -.-'-"--'7---.1.1_;-tii.,-_-_..., ...,...... CRUSOE CARSON (Discovering the "footprint i ) his foot upon this island withr - • --A If)

;f• -; 00T13711LIA .. • 790 '%;•.'" 5;•..,. ;•..,. ;If ,A,.. , arta ci i •1 1 . • 4.:. . tILTICS . • - .. 1 . ..... , ~. ..,••••.• ...... r.-i A-•.4.,j.,,,,•..,44- ~... 4:,,L• ....1er,5,A,,,,,,e...3,"n'.-r-,:',,,,+,,,,,r,,:" l':.• -,..-1,:,,f....1,:t:

===== 0002601_19120203_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
WHO SHALL HAVE THE

PLUMS ?

LOCAL TEACHERS AND HEADMASTERSHIPS.

Education Committee Decides Against

Restricted Competition.

The vexed question of whether competition for local heado3asterships should be confined to teachers already • serving in Warrington Schools was again before the V%arrington Education Committee on Monday ; evening- The School Management Committee bad resolved : That the male certificated assistant teachers (head and assistant) now serving in the public elemen- IVY schools in the Borough, be given an opeortunity °L aPPlying for the position of headmaster of the boys' , department of the Evelyn-street Council School, the commencing salary for the position to be at the rate of '"5O per annum the 31st March,l 013,and to be increased or reduced after that date, in accordance with the Com- '. ruittee's scale of salaries, upon the average attendance ?f the department during diet period ;that all applicants warned that canvassing members of the Education e,ornmittee. either directly or through friends or third Persons, will be considered a disqualification; and that the appointment be trade by this Committee. At a further meeting of the School Management Committee a letter was read from Mr. W. Greene with reference to the coeditions decided upon by the com- Mittee at their last meeting governing the appointment Of the headmaster of the boys' department of the • '-'velYn-street Council School, and it was decided to take no action thereon. Considerable interest was taken in the discussion on 'the question at the meeting of the Education Corn reittee and there was a Jarboe attendance of Merabers. Councillor H. Roberts presided and there were also present :—Mr A J Jolley (deputy. Chairman), the Mayor (Councillor Dr Joseph), Aldermen .. Bolton and A Bennett, Councillors W 11 J Jenkins, Dickenson, Dr McKee, J Wilkinson, .1 Pemberton, C • ackson Holmes, T Birtles, W J Wilson, R Henshall, re,d iv H Bellian, Mrs C Jackson Holmes, Revs Canon ,Y Stevenson and Neville Wilson, Messrs it T C S Burgess, E Plinston, C H Unswortb, J • v3co, U Walker, F R Roberts, J Moore Murray (director) and R B Roberts (assistant director). When the minutes of the School Management Committee , Were Submitted,Coencillor WILKINSoN called attention to the minute wi!li reference to the Evelyn-street school headmaster- , ;pip. Oa first reading the resolution, it appeared to tri that at last the committee were going to give the a"PPortuaity to their present assistant masters of ecPlfing for the post. Did that mean to the exclusion any other competitors? He failed to see how the r ; esolntion could be so construed. reThe CHAIRMAN That is twhat it means. It means uat the competition for ibis appointment, under this rrn, olutio will be restricted to present masters in the a ementary schools of the town. meauucillor WILKINSON: I could not construe it to t-taa that. Whilst one wishes to give all opportunities ,0 our present assistant teachers to gain these headships • 01 the town, I consider it is rather A HARDSHIP 111:" a Warrington man who may be an assistant in another toen, that he should be excluded. At the ;,arrie time ee are probably giving an opportunity to ' Wu" Men who are in our employ now but who are not wartiegtcn men. It is for ever going to exclude any r,rington lad who likes to go ont of the town. r. JosLev : It is only for the one school. he CIIAILt'IIAN : This resolution will certainly from competition any person who is not already it,a,acher in one of the elementary schools in the town. not matter whether be is Warrington born or -6. This resolution will have that effect. .1,11 ouncillor WILKINSON : It is a great hardship. keeraare may be some young Warrington lads who have e„., ad through colleges outside our town, and who are illYing assistant positions in other towns, but who nqlst want to get back home. ,•he CHAIRMAN : You have a case in point. Here Yaarlg Mr. Greene, Warrington-born, educated in arrington and advised to go out of Warrington for ee.Perianoe. He desires to become a candidate and nnot, under this resolution. ,Vderman BOLTON : He ought to do. wh he CuernmeN : It is for you to decide to-night jther You admit him to candidature or not: rb WILKINSON : I have pleasure in moving at !qr. Greene or any other Warrington teacher from viit_side have a chance of applying. _ Eventually Couccillor WILKINSON moved the formal ataendment that the minute be referred back. r Alderman BOLTON seconded. He contended that the :aolution should be made as broad as possible in its I,lPlication to all Warrington men. They had r bee 0,5,5 e of Mr. Greene, who would not le ms;allawed to compete if the resolution .. —tied unaltered. It was far better to make the ope broad enough to take in all, it was really a slat ;hter of gettine the hest man, not simply of taking at em they had. If the test man was in Warrington, let etraPPoint him. He would like to restrict the ointroent to Warrington teachers, whether they were amegeag, ed in the borough or not, instead of throwing the r p etment op,n to everybody, like they had done ~-; a e.'"BlY. Everyone who belouged to Warrington had Perfect right to any of that THE PLUMS sine came hem Warrington schools. If 111 r. Greene or Tie else was not the test applicant, the committee 1)41 cl not appoint him. The committee were the judges tha,tll.oY did not wantthe competition to be so restricted The! it would leave a chance for favouritism or some- -11 of of that character. seiSr• Ferrichoucii, in supporting the amendment, the_u the resolution as it stood might be injurious to ‘ltileachers in Warrington because other authorities tee4=hegia to adopt a similar rule and Warrington bead ej.B would not have the chance of applying for Ii in other towns. C. eoreev : They have not the chance now. Ztheillor WILKINSON : It is very wrong. open' PAIRCLOt : 1 believe in throwing things At the came time, if all things are equal, the ta,,V"'iltnaent should certainly be given to a Warrington tie rncillor DicK.ENSON also supported the amendment. tlae " not altogether partial to tbe proposal to confine bejjeaPPointment to a Warrington man at all. He beered the competition should be thrown open, it a, Ilse they were seeking to appoint the very best man tea as Possible for them to get hold of.By the resolution alreacrimitlee were tying themselves to the individuals 16 _ in their service and therefore he should support 7,Noraeticlrnent with all his heart. tip dorm an BENNETT was of opinion that the resolu- taaachSeheUld be extended so as to include any of the were ris now employed in Warrington or teachers () his see,°,BelY connected with Warrington. Personally eenn I,l,elnents would lead him to say that went far "rr3nu but there were come practical objections to tueg g out the principle in its entirety. The epppr- their" of Warrington lads getting experience outside own town might be closed. Other towns might adaln the principle of a and se e PREFERENTIAL TARIFF Y If you won't have lads from our schools we TARIFFS have lads from yours." They would therefore he

===== 0002601_19120203_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ih.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
From Reynolds' Newspaper.

' driven to the absurd conclusion that Warrington lads must gain their experience only in their own town. That would not be a good thing. He was willing to ' give local applicants every possible chance and even to lean to thorn if it could be done without any unf Arness. Mr. Ursort Laid that ideally the thing to aim at would be to throw open every appointment to a headship to every certificated qualified man in the whole kingdom. That was the ideal, tut what did they find ?—t hat the schools of every county borough, almost without excep- tion, were closed to the teachers who were in the employ of that committee. The teacher whose name had been mentioned that night had the power to apply for hundreds of headships from which every teacher employed by that authority was excluded. (A voice: "How ?") Liverpool restricted all its headships to tenchers in its own employ. Manchester, London, and Birmingham did the same—in fact all the authorities, almost without exception, restricted their headships to teachers in their own employ. The

ONLY SCHOOLS TIIAT WERE OPEN TO COMPETITION were very small country schools where the salaries were not equal to the maximum which Warrington paid to its class teachers. On the face of it, the case Councillor Wilkinson had quoted looked as if there were a little hardship. A man, Warrington born and bred, went to Liverpool where he got probably a better salary than the Warrington authority was paying and where he had open to him hundreds of headships. In Warrington they had about fourteen headships. The men who were occupying those positions would, under normal condi- tions, hold them for the next fifteen or twenty years. The Warrington Committee had nearly 100 men in their employ who were qualified by their attainments to be headmasters, and they had to wait that time because all those other openings were closed to them. Ho had on his own staff men from Carlisle, llaslingden, Crewe and Maccles- field. All of them were natives of those places and desired strongly to get back to them, but they were excluded by the practice of those authorities from applying for any headships in those boroughs. It Warrington teachers were to find that the headships to which they might legitimately aspire were to be thrown open to the whole country, the committee could easily see that their enthusiasm in their work would be to some extent chilled. If there was nothing to be gained by devotion to duty, by strenuous toil, by doing work over and beyond—as many of them did—what the committee required, if there was to be no prospect of reward, the whole tendency would be to lessen their services and do the minimum that was required. The whole service of that committee would suffer through that one fact. He strongly urged upon the committee, in the interests of the work in which they were all engaged, to find among the 90 or 100 men in their own employ—all of whom were competent end qualified by having passed the necessary Government examinations to take the position, men with long years of experience behind them, men who bad been highly praised in that comnittee for the splendid iwork they had done—he said—" Give them the opportunity." Outside teachers had all the places under their own authorities omen to them—in fact where there was one opening in Warrington there would be at least ten in the other places he had mentioned. The MAYOR said he did not know until that evening that there was a SYSTEM OF "PROTECTION" _ _ _ . .

existing in the schools of Liverpool, Manchester and Birmingham. It seemed to him very clear how evident were the evils of" Protection "in that respect. If the results of " Protection " were as it was claimed from the political point of view,t hey would have no difficulty in voting on the suLject. There was no doubt that the larger the area of choice, the better candidates they obtained, the more likely were they to get a good man for the post. If other authorities were Darrow-minded and bigoted end confined appointments to their own areas, that was no reason why Warrington should not eet a better example. Let Warrington be more broad- minded than Manchester, Birmingham and other places. Even if they failed in widening the area to an unlimited extent, he certainly thought that in such a. case as Mr. Greene's it was hard for a native of Warrington to be excluded from competi- tion and possiLly an alien who happened to be in tho service of the Warrington authority at the present time, allowed to compete. Further, Mr. Greene was actually in the service of the Education Committee,as he taught in the evening classes at the Technical School. Councillor JENKINS : At Ileathaide.

The MAYOR said it was a HARD AND ARBITRARY RULE that such a teacher should be excluded. The broadening of the resolution would not do any injustice to local candidates, because if the teacher from outside was not the best man they would having nothing to fear from him. The resolution embodied a very artitrary and narrow-minded policy and he should vote against it. Councillor PiaIBERTON said he felt sorry that the champions of the teachers in Warrington thought it was necessary that they shculd be protected or that they could not hold their own with any outside teachers. One would have thought tbat Warrington was capable of producing head teachers equal to any to be found in any borough in England. Why should they fear compe- tition ? He did not know. If they did fear it, it seemed to be at once admitted that there were better men outside for head teachersbips, and that they in Warrington had not got as good men as were to be found outside. He for one did not believe that and he thought it would be a great pity, in the interests of the teachers themselves, to ask for that protection. It was belittling them and it wculd be a great mistake, from their own point of view, to limit the competition. Mr. JOLLEY said he would be very sorry indeed if the amendment were carried. What it really meant was that some members were very

DESIROUS THAT AN OUTSIDER SHOULD DE BROUGHT IN to fill that post. (" No, no.") He did not say "All " he said " Somo.', Let them be frank about it and look at the facts fairly: Mr.Upson had laid the case clearly before them. If his arguments were patiently followed they ought to influence the minds of several gentlemen who had announced their intention of supporting the amendment. That was only the second occasion on which it had been. possible for that authority to have the chance of appointing the headmaster of a boys' school. The Beamont school was the first and this was the second. They must not forget that whilst there were 13 or 14 headships for which teachers were eligible in ,he county borough area, most of thsm were in nen- provided schools and the committee had no say what- ever in the matter with regard to them. That was only the second occasion on which they bad had the oppor- tunity of doing justice to a number of able, faithful, experienced and loyal servants. Now it was proposed that that justice should not be done. That was really what it amounted to. (" Ni, no.") " That is my opinion " added Mr. Jolley. "It is no use Councillor Pemberton laughing like that. It is not argument." Councillor PEMBERTON : Mr. Jolley is saying some- thing as a fact that it is only En opinion: That is what I object to. lie has a right :to his opinions, but he I must not glee them as facts. It is totally wrong. Mr. JOLLEY : I think I know what is the difference between a fact and an opinion. Councillor PEMBERTON : I think you do. That makes it all the worse.

Mr. JOLLEY, -continuing, said that ON A FORMER OCCASION AN INJUSTICE WAS INFLICTED on a number of men who had given years of faithful service to tl e town in the cause of education and from whom a suitable headmaster could have been selected. He did not want to say a word against the gentleman who was appointed ; he was undoubtedly an able and capable man. But he said that there were men in the committee's employment who were quite capable and competent to fill the position. There were such men

irt their employment to-day. A number of authorities iestricted headships to the men who had served them. Mr. F. R. ROBERTS: May I ask if they restrict them in practic3 or by resolution? I think there is a grave difference there. We have peered a resolution that we will only appoint local men. Have they ? Mr. JoLLEY : No, we orly recommend it in this one care. Mr. F. R. ROBERTS: I understood there is a stand- ing resolution of 3 ours that you will only appoint local men. . .

Mr. JOLLEY: No it is only for this one particular case. Continuing, he said he did not know whether it was with the intention of stirring up party feeling and exciting prejudice that the question of Protection had been brought in. That was not the way to look at the question. There was a very real, practical and important side which it would he very silly to label Protection or Free Trade. They were all agreed as to the necessity of appointing the best man? Was it the man uho had two or three letters behind his name who was ntcessarily the best? When they invited written applications from all over the country, the people who selected candidates were naturally swayed by the paper qualifications. But were sucu qualifications all they needed for a headmaster? A headmaster had a grave responsi- bility placed upon his shoulders. CIIARACTER AND TEMPERAMENT , counted for a great deal more than academic attain- ments in a headmaster. He could name, off-hand, half- a-dozen men in Warrington mhose character and temperament were well-knoun to most of the members of the committee and eho in that respect, as well as by their experience and faithful service, were admirably qualified for headships. If they rejected the amendment it meant in prantice that those men were to be thrown over and discouraged in their work. Was it not silly to drag in the question of Protection ? Surely they were better able to judge of people of whose worth they had practical experience than of people a long distance away of vihom they knew nothinp, except by paper qualifications. The MAYOR : I alluded to it, humorously. Mr. JOLLEY : Yes, but other people diknot. Councillor WILKINSON Oh yes, we did. Mr. JOLLEY : Then I say it is not a question where any humour is necessary. These are points of vital importance to the future welfare of the educational work hf the town. I say quite deliberately that the rejection of this amendment will inflict serious injury, and deal a serious blow ut the educational work of the town. _ .

Councillor JENKINS said be came to the meeting with the determination to vote for the resolution, but he hoped he possessed a mind that was open to reason. The CHAIRMAN : I hope you won't decide till you have heard what I have to say. Councillor JENKINS: Having heard the explanation of Mr. Upson that all our teachers are barred from competition in other large towns— The CHAIRMAN : It is not accurate. . .

I .'o"t-tri-cillo-r diNR.INS : If they are never to obtain outside appointments, it is a strong argument in favour of confining the chance of obtaining a headmasterthip in Warrington to our own assistants, that they may gradually secure the positions of importance which they deserve. I will wait until the Chairman has spoken, but at present my inclination is to support Mr. Upson's views. The CITAIRMAN Eaid he would make his remarks at that stage for fear of any further possibility of a change of opinion. He felt quite as strongly the other way as Mr. Jolley did from his point of view. A great deal bad been said about. justice to teachers. There was something in front of that, and that was justice to the schools themselves and to the cause of education in Warrington. Their primary duty—and he laid it down as a solemn fact,apart from the saving grace of humour introduced by the Mayor and which he rather rejoiced at bearing because he agreed with a great deal of what his worshio had said—was to consider how to get the very best man they could for the school. (Hear, hear.) That was admitted, so what was there to fear?

WHAT COULD THERE POSSIBLY BE TO FEAR from competition by Warrington teachers with terchers from outside ? If they were agreed upon the first principle of getting the best man, they had either got the best man in Warrington or they had not. If they had got him in Warrington, by all means appoint him ; the committee would be absolutely unanimous on that question. He asked them, however, not to allow sentiment to be strained to the extent that it was pro- posed to strain it—in the interests of a very valuable section of their official staff, he admitted, but whose interests, after all, were secondary to those of the general question of the education of the children of this town. He was not going to suggest that they had not got the best man in Warrington. He believed it was quite possible that they had. But what was the best that had been said that night in favour of the Warrington teachers? He was rather surprised that more had not been said. The best that had been said was that they had competent and qualified men in War- rington. They all admitted that. But

WHAT WAS THE STANDARD GOING TO BE by which they would judge the qualifications of the teacher? They could not fix a definite standard. Their standard woe the best that the market had to give them, not the best that they had got locally. That was the standard they must act upon if they were going to make the appointment honestly and according to their consciences. They were all sufficiently locally patriotic to be prepared to give the preference, on equal terms, to any local teacher as against an outsider but they were not prepare A—at any rate, he was not—to do what was called justice to a teacher in Warrington at the price of the chance of having to refuse a better man. A great deal had been said about the practice in other towns. Tura practice was partial ;it was not complete. It applied to the provided schools in certain towns but he did rot think it applied to the non- provided schocls. What were they proposing to do in Warrington by that resolution? They had two provided schools and the Evel3n-streot school was the third. , They were proposing to restrict the competition for the headmastership of that school to anumber of gentlemen who had ALREADY RECEIVED PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT in regard to their present appointments, because of the fact Hitt these appointments were denominational appointments and were necessarily restricted very largely to the people of the denominations to which the schools belonged. (" No, no.") He did not want to comment upon it; it was an ugly fact which they had to deal with and their resolution proposed to give further preferential treatment to those gentlemen, to the exclusion of a man born and bred in Warrington, who had been out of Warrington for experience on the advice of their own official iepresontative (Hr. Murray) and who could not compete for a post in his own town. after having gained experience in another town. Councillor WILKINSON : It is scandalous. Mr. Lirso's : It is good canvassing. The CHAIRMAN : I sincerely hope that in the interests of education, not of any class or sectional interest, you will throw this appointment open to a much wider competition than is proposed in this resolution.

Mr. PLINSTON, in supporting the resolution, said paper qualifications often had too great weight in making appointments. One point in favour of the local teachers was that the committee had the oppor- tunity of judging of their teaching capacity, their power to control a class, end their kindness towards the children. The CHAIRMAN pointed out that the School Manage- ment Committee vc as not by any means unanimous on the question. The resolution was only carried by a majority of one. Canon STEVENSON said the feeling of the committee had no reference to any individual. They all lump:

===== 0002601_19120203_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY " OVALIST,"

Was it Mclntyre's fault or Creevey's that Warrington did not beat Widnes? That is the question of the moment in local football circles. Personally I have never had the slightest doubt on the matter. The man who was responsible for giving Widnes the five points which robbed Warrington of victory and made the result a draw, was Creevey. He stood in front of the full-back preparing to take the fateful catch, and it was only when the ball and the on-coming forwards were nearly on him that he stepped aside and signalled to Mclntyre. The latter made the best of a desperate situation and dived for the ball, but was too late. In plain language Creevey funked the catch and the tackle, and gave the game away. Such an offence —and it is not the first—can not be readily forgiven.

Warrington had rather the better of the game, and gained their five points in workmanlike fashion. Defence was superior to attack on both sides, and Widnes would never have scored but for the incident above described. The wrath of he home partisans was extreme, and a good deal of it wrongly directed against Mclntyre. Last season, there was the same result to the corresponding match, and even then the equalising point was gained by the visitors in very lucky fashion. I am willing to admit that Widnes have had a better team than the Wirepullers for a couple of years past, but they should never have taken any points at Wilderspool.

The features of Saturday's game were the fine for- ward play on both sides, and the brilliant effort by which Renwick scored for Warrington. The ex-Wiganer "cut in" in the approved Colonial fashion and left the Widnes backs standing. I hope be will perfect the art, for it is absolutely essential to sound centre play and rarely fails to bring points. Gilbert (Australia) and Wagstaff° (Huddersfield) are past- masters in the art. The borne centres seem to have dropped into orthodox methods which are easily checkmated nowadays. Dickenson has not the pace for the " cut-in," so that much depends on Renwick for effective threejuarter play. He is mcre than justifying expectations.

The forward duel was keenly waged, and honours were about even. Those three 3oung scrummagers in the Warrington ranks—Fearnley, Tranter and Skelliorne—were untiring la their following-up and tackling. What they need is practice in combination. Forwards of their type need to model their play ou the clever loose methods of the Australm-ians.

Where Warrington were let down was at half back. Creevey did little on the attack—he seems to have forgotten the side-step and " dummy "—while his defence was a negligible quantity. Brooks doubiless suffered through the weaknrss of his partner, but he seems out of condition and made little headway from the pack. Lalley and O'Garra were, on the contrary, always breaking through and giving the threequarters chauces that were not made the best use of. Young Laws was the one Widnes threequarter to do himself justice. He was vxcellent whether attacking or defending, and completely bottled up Bradshaw. The latter did not run with anything like his usual pace, or he would have got the winning point in the second half when Renwick made a perfect opening.

Mclntyre is not playing as well as he did a year or so back—he seems slower and does not punt as far— but he played a sound game on Saturday. The best part of big work was his tackling, which twice saved the situation when Widnes were almost through. Probably, all that "Mac "requires is more training. He ought to make a full back second to none, if he will take the game seriously.

The League table up-to-date is as follows:— For. Against. Per- P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. o'nege HuddersfYld23 20 2 1...86 143 601_ 27 32 150 89 13 Wigan 91 19 4 0... 62 79 361... 26 26 120 8260 Hunslet 23 16 G 1... 38 83 340... 38 36 184 7173 Oldham 23 16 6 1... 67 94 416... SS 47 217 71'73 Hull K. R2l 15 6 0... 68 64 328... 27 37 165 7142 St.Holens 22 15 7 0... 47 72 320... 34 37 179 6318 Halifax 22 13 7 2... 41 66 280... 22 40 164 6363 Wakefield T 22 13 8 1... 43 GO 266... 45 57 261 61•36 Broughton. 23 13 9 1... 32 43 193... 29 34 160 58.69 Batley 2l 12 9 0... 36 41 195... 21 23 126 57'14 Dewsbury 22 12 9 1... 50 61 292... SG 49 223 5681 Widnes 2l 10 8 3... 31 38 176... 19 32 132 547(1 Hull ...... 13 11 2... 47 74 316... 34 14 210 55 84 Leigh 24 12 11 1... 40 51 238... 39 45 218 5208 Rochdale 11 22 11 11 0... 39 46 2(6.. 35 59 247 50110 Leeds 93 11 12 0... 40 68 281... 37 60 251 47.82 Warrington.23 10 11 2... 26 47 193... 39 47 219 4782 Keighley l9 810 1... 34 41 200... 32 62 250 4473 Swinton 93 8 12 3... 32 37 175... 39 52 234 41•30 York 29 8 12 0... 29 35 163... 4S 59 273 4000 Salford 22 7 12 3... 29 37 167... 37 42 200 33.63 Barrow 90 6 13 1... 20 31 142... 52 67 305 32.50 Runcorn 2l 5 15 1... 21 30 132... 40 50 230 26.19 Coventry 23 417 2... 27 26 132... 55 99 407 2173 Ebbw Vale 20 2 15 3... 16 22 98... 55 82 356 17.50 Bradford 22 220 0...623 26 124... 63 97 417 9.09 Bramley 018 2... 16 18 86... 72119 501 5.00

===== 0002601_19120203_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S CUP-OPPONENTS.

Featherst no have lost their protest against Normanton St. John's, so the latter club wdl be Wairington's opponents in Round I. Normanton is situated a few mfles out of Wakefield, and the local team is among the b6st of junior organisations. Warrington will endeavour to secure the transfer of the fixture to Wilderspool.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S FIXTURE WITH WIGAN.

The heavy defeat of the Wiganers by Huddersfield, should enourage the Wirepullers to-day. I have not much hope of them getting a point at Central Park, but they should be able to give a good account of themselves. Cieevey has been dropped and the selected side is ;

Mclntyre ; I3rad sb aw, Renwick, Dickenson, and Woodburn ; Daintith and Brooks; Shugars, Thomas, Cheaters, Tranter, Fearnley and Skelborne, forwards

Tn 6 " A " team did a Emart piece of work in beating Widnes " A" by .1 points to 4. Clare scored the try, and Critchley, a penalty goal. To-day they will be highly tried at home by the Combination champions, but should have a good chance of repeat-

the performance against Oldham. The team will include Smith, the new three-quarter, who shaped promisingly last aveek. Brown; Povey, Vernon, Smith and Clare; Lloyd and Arnold ; Harmer, Gibbs, Bradshaw, Boardman, McCabe and Critchley.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
5

The 'ERA' ANTHRACITE STOVE

- is a distinct improvement on all other Anthracite Stoves and is British manufacture.

Sole Agent:

===== 0002601_19120203_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
J. S. GARLAND,

51, 53 & 55 BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

Call and see the stoves burning. Competent men for fixin .

===== 0002601_19120203_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FRAWLEY CASE.

Frawley committed another breach of his agree- ment with Warrington, by turning out for the Colonials in the extra match against England on Wednesday. For the firet time he failed to score. The Warrington Club have referred the Frawley case to the Union, but there is little prospect of the Wirepullers obmining any satisf.iction.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION.

Results of Saturday's Matches.

NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

G. T. P. Leeds 2 4 16 Halifax Dewsbury 4 4 20 Bramley 9 9 10 Hunslet 2 8 28 York Bradford North'rn 4 3 17 Coventry Warrington ... ...... 1 1 5 Widnes Hull Kingston R 4 3 17 Keighley T •igh 0 3 9 Salford 1 1 5 Huddersfield 4 5 23 Wigan Wakefield Trinity 3 5 21 Hull St. Helens 2 2 10 Rochdale Irnets 0 1 3 Oldham 5 10 40 Barrow 1 1 5 Brought:Al Rangs. 2 2 10 Ruccorn Ebbw Vale ... ...... 2 6 22 Swinton ...... AUSTBAJASIANS' TOUR)

Batley 2 313 Australaelans ... 1 1 5 YORKSHIRE COMBINATION.

Leeds A 4 4 20 Halifax A 0 2 6 Normanton S.J. 8 Wakefield T.A 1 U 2 LANCASHIRE COMBINATION. Broughton Rgs. A 27 Runcorn A 0 0 0 St. Helens A. Wigan Hightleld 6 Swinton A. 1 1 5 Warrington A 1 1 5 Widnes 2 0 4

===== 0002601_19120203_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL RIVALS ENGAGED.

Warrington Draw with Widnes.

After a fortnight's cessation from football owing to the snow, Warrington enthusiasts turned out in large numbers for the match with Widnes at Wilderspool on Saturday. The previous meeting between the teams had resulted in the defeat of the Wirepullere, largely owing to an accident to Ike Taylor, and there were confident hopes that the side would be avenged. Both teams were at full strength, and with the weather favourable, and the ground in fair order a capital game was exrected. The crowd numbered about 6,000, several hundreds coming from Widnes, and the teams were as follows:

Warrington.—Mclntyre, back ; Bradshaw, Renwick, Dickenson and Woodburn, threequarter-backs ; Brookes and Creevey, half-barks ; Thomas, Shugars, Cheaters, Tranter, Fearnley and Skelhorne' forwards. Widnes.—Jones, back • Reid, Taylor, Laws and Swinton, threequarter-hacks ; Lally and O'Garra, half- backs ; G Aspey, S Aspey, Johnson, Lloyd, Cosgrove and Higgins, forwards. Referee, Mr F Renton, Hunslet ; touch-judges, Messrs W Mainwaring (Salford), and %V T Chapman (Salford). Warrington opened in dashing style, and smart following by Fearnley, Tranter, and Skelhorn carried the ball to the Widnes quarter. Here Brooks passed out, and Renwick served Bradshaw, but the wing man was finely grassed by Laws. O'Garra relieved smartly, and clean passing by the Widnes backs saw the home defence tested. Mclntyre cleared finely, however, and went down to a rush by the Widne3 forwards in plucky fashion. Widnes were very troublesome at this stage, and Renwick earned hearty cheers for checking a dangerous move by Lally and Laws, and dribbling to the centre. Then came Warrington's turn, the forwards gaining ground with smart play. Brooks and Creevey I did their best to get the rear line going, and I Renwick again fed Bradshaw nicely, but the I wing man failed to beat J., nes at the corner flag. Still, the locals kept up the attack in persistent fashion, young Fearnley nearly going over after a rush. Widnes tackled splendidly, but were outwitted when Renwick took a pass from Creevey and swerved through the backs to score brilliantly near the posts. Thomas added a goal, and the cheering by the local supporters was loud and long. At this stage Widnes were decidedly overplayed, and Warrington would only have got their due if they had added to the score. Renwick and Bradshaw both made gallant efforts which succumbed to keen tackling, and Shugers burst over from a " scrum "on the line only to find the referee's verdict against him. Half-time: Warrington 5 prints, Widnes Early in the second half the ball was passed out to Bradshaw, who preferred to kick to the open, where Jones was in attendance, and a safety mark was the result. The kick availed Widnes little, for Brookes's response was accurate, and a subsequent pass from the half back almost sent %Voodburn over at the corner, the combined tackling of Jones and Reid avoiding disaster for the "Chemicals." Danger was cleared by Lally and another return to the attack by Creevey, who was now working the pack, gave Woodburn a second opportunity, but numbers again told. A forward rush relieved the . . _ _ _

line somewhai., whilst Widr.es claimed a Tut:ill-cr.-tidy-Li-- tage when they were awarded a matk for obstruction. Mclntyre tackled well under pressure end speedy following up gave Jones a warm time of it, but the visiting custodian was not found wanting. Warrington forced matters and Renwick gave Bradshaw another chance, but the wing rnr.n was slow in starting and missed the try by the yard. Two penalties in quick succes- sion gave the visitors a fine opportunity to attack, and from the second Widnes scored a lucky try. George A:quay punted high in the air and Creevey misled Mclntyre by going for the catch and then stepping aside. The full back made a plucky dive for the ball, but it was too late and Widnes forwards rwhed it over th 3 line near the posts, Jones equalising with an easy goal. The keenest play followed,Warrington trying hard to regain the lead, but there was no beating the Widnes defence. Luck seemed against the Wirepullers for several promising attacks were rendered ineffective by penalties. Near the close Widnes made a great bid for victory, Taylor narrowly failing at a penalty goal. Then O'Garra broke clean away from midfield, and only a grand tackle by Mclntyre saved the hornesters. Final : Warrington 1 goal, I try (5 points) ; Widnes, 1 goal 1 try (5 points). ST. HELENS WIN AT ROCHDALE.

There were 5,000 spectators on the Rochdale Athletic Grounds when St. Helens gained a capital victory over th 3 Hornets. St. Helens soon opened the scoring, Greenwood crossing from a cross-kick by Molyneux. Belshaw kicked a grand goal. From a scrummage near the Hornets' line Schofield gathered and kicked straight into Flanagan's hands, for the latter to romp over with a try. Turtill failed at goal. Paddon made a brilliant run down the field and passed inside to Woods, who re-passed, and enabled Paddon to score. The same player failed to land a goal. Half-time—St. Helens, 8 points ; Rochdale Hornets, 3 points. In the second half Belshaw kicked a penalty goal for St. Helens. Result :—St. Helens, 2 goals and 2 tries (10 points) ; Rochale Hornets, 1 try (3 points).

===== 0002601_19120203_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN'S MISFORTUNES.

Ton minutes before the kick-off there were twenty people on Irwell-lane ground for this match, and the crowd at any time did not total more than 500. The " Linnets " scored early on through Hoxworth, who, following on a smart cross-kick from Cawley, found Barnes at fault and notched a try, Richardson gosling. Five minutes later Padbury scored at the corner for Richardson to fail. Then the Rangers attacked, and after a nice bout of passing, Wilde got over near the posts, Davidson adding the goal points. A weak spot was found in the Runcorn defence a little later, which enabled Barnes to get over, Davichon again improving. Result :—Broughton Rangers 2 goals 2 tiles (10 points) I Runcorn 1 goal 2 tries (8 points).

For failing to notify the medicsl officer of health that he had in his possession a cow suffering from tuberculosis J. A. Faulkner, n farmer, of Wrenbury Wood Farm, Wrenbury, was fined 20s. end costs by the Liverpool Stipendiary on Wednesday,

===== 0002601_19120203_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

ALTRINCEIAM DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION. RESULTS TO DATE.

Goals. P. W. L. D. P. A. PTS. Mobberley l7 ...11 ... 4 ... 2 ... 41 ... 23 ...24 Latch ford lB ..11 ... 5 ... 2 ... 45 ... 25 _2l Lostock Gralam —l4 ...10 ... 2 ... 2 ... 80 ... 18 ...22 Lymra Bowdon Vale 13 .. 9 ... 3 ... 1 ... 27 Broadheath 14 ... 7 ... 4 ... 3 ... 40 ... 27 ...17 Oughtrington Am't'sl7 ... ... 8 ... 3 ... 31 ... Oughtrington Parkll ... 5 ... 6 ... 0 ... 21 ... 19 —lO Altrincham Lads l2 ... 5 ... 7 ... 0 ... 22 ... 32 ...10 St. Vincent's l4 ... 3 ... 7 ... 4 ... 14 ... 30 ...10 Sale Albion 16 .. 2 —ll ... 3 ... 19 ... 42 ... 7 Penketh 15... 2 ...12 ... 1 ... 13 52... 5 Kuutsford St orossl2 0 ... 9 ... 3 ... 23 ... 76 ... a PENRLTII V. OUGHTRINGTON PARK. From the start of this match at Penketh the Park held the upper band. There was not a weak man on the side, and although the borne defence (especially Glover) played welt, the Park were quite entitled tos their three goals to nil lead at the interval. In the end Oughtrington Park won by six goals to one. OUGHTRINGTON AMATEURS V. BOWDON VALE. At, lle.atley, although only able to muster ten men Bowdon Vale just managed to secure the verdict by the narrowest of margins—a goal to nil, thus avenging their crushing defeat earlier in the season at Vicarage- lace.

ALTRINCIIAM E.A. AMATEUR CUP. FIRST ROITSI3. LY:\IM V. RORERTSUNIS. AL Lymm. The meeting of these two teams resulted in a very tame game for the greater portion of the matth. In the latter stages the home team had to make an effort. They managed just to gain the verdict with the score Lymm three, Robertson's two. For Lymm, Robinson (full back) and Gardner (centre half), were the pick, whilst Robertson's were best represented by Stubbs (bads), Green (centre half), and Johnson (centre forward). BROADIIEATTI V. PADCATE UNITED. This postponed tie took place at Broadheatb. All through the game the heathens proved themselves the superior aide and in the end earned their right to enter the second ground with the score : Broadheath four goals, Padgnte United nil.

ACTRINCIIAM F.A. JUNIOR MEDAL COMPETITION. FIRST ROUND.

LATCHFORD CHRIST CHURCH v. OUGHTRINGTONT AMATEURS.'

At Latchford. At the interval the score was one goal each. Upon resu ring, the Churchmen pressed, but their forwards were weak, several Rae opportunities being wasted. Twenty minutes after resuming the Amateurs took the lead as the result of a good header. Aroused by this reverse Christ Church did most of the pressing, but poor shooting combined with the fine work of Burrows in the Amateurs' goal, gave the visitors the victory with the score: Ougbtrington Amateurs' two Latchford Christ Church, one.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
HOWLEY v. SANKEY.

On the ground of the former. It was a hard and fast game, although the ground was on the heavy side. The result was a goalless draw. For Sankey Worrall at centre halt played a grand game and similar remarks may be applied to Potter, right half for Howley. Wlistwicx V. BANK QUAY ROVERS. On the ground of the first named. At the interval the score was one goal each. Oa resuming play, the game was evenly and keenly fought out,both custodians being repeatedly called upoa to clear their lines. Eventually after 30 minutes Bank Quay succeeded in taking the lead. Bank Quay Rovers, two ; Winwick,one. OTITER RESULTS (MEDAL COMPETITION)' Altrincham Lads 2, *Altrincham St. George's nil. *Sale Moor 5, Moss Lane Juniors 1. Wellfleld United 1, *Latchford Recreation 0. Latchford Reserve 3, *Padgate United 0. *Home team.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
APPLETON RIFLE CLUB.

On Friday evening last, the Appleton R ifla Clnb took 'part in a Postal Match with the Padiham Rifle Club. The shooting by the former club took place on the Miniature Range at the Mill Ilan. The conditions were :—Ten shots at 25 yards, at a decimal target possible score per man, 100 ; the teams to consist of ten men, the best eight scores to count. It will be seen' from the results given below, that Appleton Rifle Club proved victors by 37 points. Scores :

APPLETON. C P Day F C Bennion A Shepherd (capt) S James 96 W Hartey W Ashbroolc 91

yADMAII.

A Down 95 Tly ..... • .

J W Plinston 95 V N Wakinson J L Shepherd 9l C E Wilkinson B7 769 732 _

Counted out. E Howard _ _

Counted out.

E Pollard

APPLEToN RIFLE CLUB V. MONKS, HALL AND Co., RECREATION CLUB.—These clubs met on Wednesday evening last, on the Miniature Range at the Drill Hall, to fulfil the return match with the former club. Thecon- ditions were :—Ten shots and two sighting shots, at a decimal target, at 25 yards; possible counting score per man, 100; eleven aside, the best ten to count.; aperture sights. The individual and total scores, given below, pronounce Appleton Rifle Club as winners by 39 points. APPLETON. MONKS, lIALL. J W Plinston C P Day 9l C Shipley 92 A Shepherd (capt) W Ashbrook 93 3 Rieysrd S James . 92 J Whitfield (capt) SS _

E Pollard 86 F J Grocott _

J Bramball 93 A Highley J L Shepherd J 'rowers

COUNTED OUT. C LI rage

COUNTED ONT.

P Harrison

A SCHOOL FOR DOMESTIC SERVANTS. Following a proposal to crganise a training shoor for waiters, the London Couaty Council has under con- sideration a &Theme for increasing the supply of efficient domestic servants. In the secondary schools directly controlled by the Council aid in others which are aided there are rattly bright girls bolding scholar- ships with no prospect of a congenial future. To meet their case and to supply an urgent need it is intended to open a large establishment which will be at the same time a boarding-honse for business and pro- fessional women and a training school for domestio servants. The latter will be recruited from girls who have finished their courses at the secondary schools - It is proposed that appointments as matrons and house- ' keepers in the various London institutions should be made from those who have been ' ‘ined ;

_ trat in this way. `l'!*e best ilk cop of coffee in 1 etvr.4 1 the 1 quickest time— one spoonful of CO J f I MI:7T' SYMINGTON'S 1 Coffee Essence I OroGN ' .'l;i ; stirred in boiling water—it tastes as good as it smells. sCost-4 cups Id. nostnington &CO, cGnburgh z,,...L0nd0n .-.‘lllllllgli

===== 0002601_19120203_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
, ; ) 1, I ✓ : 0 ;1 1 1 , I,i i , 4 1 t! , ' :. ' , . . , : . , , , ~ , , „ . . , : • - ; , , ' 1 fl I , , 1 I I ; I 1 ; I ; \ ; , , 1 ' ' 1 ; i I i I I ; 1 ; ; ! ; ; 1 1 1 I . I ; 1 i ie. I s 4 i • i,, ,;'•": ; I 1 ' ti 1 t; 1 ' 1 ; I q ii li ' lill i . . llil, 1, 1 11 : f 1 # 1 Sp 111 , rsss s r ; 1 s., ' I S'l , s , ts, i sl , t I s 1 S t ' r , s t i 1 ,1• I 111 . ' ' .

===== 0002601_19120203_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
...

THE E XAMINER Series - cor WNIX‘IND HIWSPAPIES COMPIII/5116. : Tg WARRINGTON EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The principal and the oldest weekly paper for War- rington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Mama, Padgate Lymm, kc, being one of the largest and beat weekly papers Lancashire and Cheshire. The district covered in "'is paper comprises a large trading and agricultural tract is South Lancashire and Mid- Lneshire. Fr HE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every .1- Saturday morning. at is the best weekly paper in Xown sad district, and offers the jest And cheapest eel I ities to advertisers. IPHE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every 11- Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. 111IHE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The largest jocal puper containing the news of Earlestown Nelrton-le-Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton. kc The district thus comprised is a raost important part of the Lancashire coalfields. rftlifil ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every J. Saturday morning, circulating in St. Helens, Presool, Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross, &c.—the centre of he glass, chemical and watch trades of the Kingdom.

- 6

===== 0002601_19120203_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMEINTS. One Three Six Thi rteon Wnrds. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... 6d. ... Is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... Es. fd. 24 ... 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ••• sg• Od. 32 ... Is Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 7s. ed. 40 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Od. ... Bs. fd. 48 ... Is. 6d. ... 3*. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

Domestic Servant % etc

WANTED, Good General Servant. Time PARSON'GE. HincnPv.

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVAN —Apply Mrs. Jotinnott,3o9. Atherton rd., Hindler, Yr insto

NVANTED, a good GENERAL for small family. reference required.—Apply, 3, BOLD ST. ,ort.

South]

WANTED, GENERAL, experienced; small family. CLARINDON RD., West, Chorltcn-cura-Llardy, Manchester.

WANTED immediately, experienced GENERAL SERVANT.—AppIy, Mn. SToTT, 96,We1lingtos rd Oldham.

WANTED, respectable GIRL at GENERAL, 18,20; Ev) washing ; references.—Mrs. BAJCI3R Acton terrace, Wigan. ' WANTED, at once reliable COOK-GENER 1L ; for doctor's house.—Rooans, Abbey View, Gorton, Manchester.

WANTED, Useful HELP or GENERAL ; country cottage, all duties ; st4te age ; wages.—Mrs. EARLE, klearley Cottage, Clitheroe.

WANTED, experienced PARLOIIIIMA ID, also Housemaid and Kitchenmaid ; 4 maids kept.— MIMI END HALL, Stockport.

Address,

WANTED, GENERAL (Young) ; must bays good references ; good wage. glen.—Apply MESSENGER, Pavilion Hotel, Southport. ik7VANTED, GENERAL; plain ccoking ; early riser,- wages £lB two in family; good refer- ere-m-112, FOREST RD Southport.

WANTED respectable GIRL about 14, housework and assist in shop.—Address Box 482, 4‘ Examiner" Office, Warrington,

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, for all house- hold &Cos.—Apply M. MoSEDALIII, Brook Muse, Dav3hulme, near Urmston.

wANTED, clean,iespect.blo GIRL, as GENERAL, good references ; full particularc—WlLKlNSON, 22, Park Range, Victoria Park, Manchester.

'%V ANTED, COOK-GIENERAL and Housemaid- , Waitress, £2l and £10; bake; woman in to wash.

—Apply, Mrs linaßxs, Baxenden House, Accrington. IVANTED, GIENEVALS for Birkenhead; Cook, Vicarage £22 ,• Parlourrnaids, £24, £26 ; good Servants CARLTON REGISTRY," Wrexham. -lanced

supplk,

IV ANTED a GENERAL, age 25 to 35, expert,. - ; _ T assist lady with cooking ; good references; wages £22.—Apply by letter .W N.J.A.S., 20, Lloyd . Howe, Manchester.

CANADA.—Wanted, immediately, Farmers,_ Farm hands, Doqiestics, &,3 —Apply CANADIAN REPRB- WiTATIN E, Wright's Passen&er, Emigration Offices Watergate St., Chester.

WANTED. experienced GENERAL; Protestant; good plain cook ; no washing ; 4 in family ; wages £2O-224 —Fttazart, "Wensley," Burrell-road, Pr6nzon, Birkenhead.

_ . ANTED at once, Superior GENERAL, all duties; cooking references ; 2 children, nurse kept; wages £lB to £24.—Apply letter only Mrs. DrLucg, 7, Hale rd., Altrincham, Cheshire.

APABLX PERSON wants situation as WORKING HOUSEKEEPER, Caretaker. or place of _trust to Widower or Business Gentleman ; good cook ; abstainer ; age 43.—E. C., 193. Cotton Tree, or

'WANTED, exl,ezionced HOUSE-PARLOURDIAID; V V good waitrees and silver cleaner; housemaid kept; age 28.—Apply letter, stating p•uticulars. good refer- ences, vragf,s rcquired.—Mrs. WINDER, Wenderholme, 13olton.

COLONIES.—Farm Hands, Domestics, Aartizans, Fcc., immediately ; excellent prospects ; also agriculturists with capital; assisted passages limited.— Apply WRIGHT'S COLONIAL EXHIBITION (Admission Free), Watergate at., Chester. Canadian and Australian Representatives attend Exhibition for interviews.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Wanted.

QPARE TIME Employment, gt-ir_iine, no capital required.—Write ECONOMIC CLOTHIERS, 59, Stafford at., Derby.

IPORWARD your LEFT-OFF CLOTHING to TATLon's, Cemetery rd., Doncaster. You will receive its utmost cash vnine.

E2WEEKLY.— Good HANDWRITERS, spare time wanted immediately •, stud stamped a idress.- SPECIALITY Co., 74, City rd., London.

A— ._ ......_ . N Important Hint: Ladies, why throw sway your Hair Combings, post them now to WILLIAM ODDY, - Dept. C, Dock Mills. Shipley, Yorks. Cash 4d. per oz., sent per return.

AGENTS wanted in every town, spare time, liberal commision ; watches, jewellery, suits, hoots, gramophones, tkc., on monthly payments; particulars free.—MISTERS LTD., Hope Stores, Rye. OLD Artificial Teeth, Dental Plates, Wanted, any condition; Old Gold, Silver bought, post parcels cash to utmost value by return.-1-Iflowss & Co., 63, Kingsvvood rd., Moseley, Birmingham. (Banker's : Lloyds).

OLD Artcial TEE 111 bought, any condition ; 4d per tooth given on vulcanite, 9d on silver, Is 3d on gold. 2s 6d on platinum ; cash by return as adver• tised.--I. RAYBURN & Co 27, Brazennose st. Manchester. Bankers reference. Tel. 4056 Central.

OLD ARTIFICIAL TEETH, old gold and old silver bought; big prices given, prompt cash or offer for parcels; established 1880 ; bankers Lloyds, for references, apply at Hunslet Branch.—Please note the address : S. HEAPS and Co, '277 flunalet Rd., Leeds ; the most genuine buyer of all.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Education.

MISS GRIFFITHS. teacher of pianoforte Pupils taught at their own homes, or at Prince's, confectioner's, Sankey st., Warrington.

WELLINGTON COLLEGE WELLINGTON, SHROPSHIRE. One of the Finest-Equipped Boarding Schools in Europe, Prospectus on application to Secretary or Principal. /111 IE PRIORY IIRAH ECROOL NOR GIRLS 1 WARRINGTON.— Kindergarten and Prepara- tory School for Boys.—Principal, MISS DRING, L.L.A.,A.C.P. Staff includes BA, and L.R.A.M. Next Term begirt.; Wednesday, January 17th, 1911. ST 0 CKT 0 N LODGE HIGH SCHOOL STOCKTON HEATH, WARRINGTON. (3 minutes from car terminus,) Day arci Boarding School for Girls, Kindergarten. Preparatory School for Boys. Large house, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great Successes in examination. The Next Term will commence on THURSDAY, Sept. 21st. Prospectus, references, and views on applications, to miss PARTINOTON, Principal

Prospcctue

SMART'S COMMERCIAL COLLEGE, (Este). 1827). MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON. SHORTHAND, TYPEWRITING;BOOK-KEEPING, HANDWRITING, COMMERCIAL CORRESPOND- ENCE, COMMERCIAL FREW% COMMERCIAL ARITHMETIC. •

A first-class Commercial Training for Youths and Young Ladies. A GOOD SITUATION IS GUARANTEED TO EVERY EFFICENT PUPIL. No class Tuition; every pn2il taught individually. Open all day from 10 a.m. to 9 pm. Pall 9r vrite for PrOsPeCtue,

===== 0002601_19120203_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
C

===== 0002601_19120203_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday February 3, 1912.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
LIABILITIEL

CAPITAL •. 40,000 Skins of £75 LIO 10s. paid ... .i . 420,000 II 0 213,100 Simon of 160 oaoltl2 paid 2,580,000 0 0

3,C00,004 • 13 RFERVII FUND ... 2,150,000 0 II

5,150,000 0 0 aid &lair A•couNTs, inoledisg robots on Bills not doe, prevision for hail and 'kelt- fail debts, sontingoasies, M.. 62,891,647 18 3 ACCEPTANCES and BISIDORSIEMIEETS of ronigiew BILLS, en Aseonat of Oestuours 923,320 6 1 PROFIT AND LOSS AbCOUNT : Balms* of Profit and Lois Asoreart, is- eltroliog L96,37812/4 brought from year 1910 ...£747,681 12 7 Less Interim Dividosd, per cent. subject to deduction of income Tax (215,75) paid is Against £270,100 0 e „ Dividend •f 9 per sent. sub- ject to - doolootion of Income Tax (215,73) paya b I e 6th Feb. next ... 270,600 0 0 „ Applied to writ lug down In. vestments 116,000 0 0 61:6,000 0 0 --- Balance can ied forward to 1912 ... 91,681 12 7

===== 0002601_19120203_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTHRACITE STOVES.

Matrimony.

Shoes, Businesses, etc.

VETORKSHOP to be Let, with Power if required.— Apply SMETHURST & SoN,Foundry st.,Warrington

ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO LX. SELL are advised to consult Mr. COWDELL, Legh at., Warrington.

WEE TS, TOBACCO, MINERALS.—Smart lock-up main road, good trade; sacrifice ; £B5 all.-48, ROCHDALE RD., Manchester.

HIGH-CLASS SWEETS, Chocolates and Cafe Splendid opportunity.—CENTßAL CAFE, Opposite Central Station, Warrington.

Houses, Land on sale, etc.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSE, modern, 41 acres freehold ; no chief; large girden ; poultry, cotes, appliances ; situa- tion ideal.—TitomAS MOSS, Doodfield, Marple.

I rrio BE LET, two modern Semi-detached VILLAS near Vicarage, Great Sankey ; excellent train tervice to Livei pool and Manchester; 38 trains a day to and from Warrington ; containing large entrance hall, heated with radiators, two entertaining rooms, kitchen, &0., wash house off house, bathroom. &c., four bedrooms, boxroom, garden ; three minutes walk from C.L.C. Station, 12 from trams ; rent £3o.—Apply W. F mucus, Great Sankey.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS 'LAVE been universally admitted to be a Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy for Antemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals. Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes is. lid., 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d. and us. (Sample sent free). Only address :- 809, PORTOBELLO RD., NOTTING HILL, LONDON

The purpose of Mr. Norman IS WAR Angell's " The Great Illusion," GOOD a book which Mr. J. M. BUSINESS? Robertson, M.P., who is an

author and a critic as well as a politician, describes as the greatest work of persuasion ever issued in connection with any propaganda, is to prove that in war the loss of the conqueror is as great as that of the conquered, and that, therefore, it can never be carried on at a profit. This is exactly contrary to a very widespread im- pression. Many even of those who dislike and condemn war believe quite sincerely that wars are good for us from the trade point of view. This can be said with some certainty, of course, where we are not involved in them. It is then possible to play the part of "the honest broker," to use Lord Palmerston's famous phrase, and to do so at such a profit as could not be made under other conditions. But there is even ground for doubting whether a prosperity thus acquired through the misfortunes of others is really profitable in the long run— to the community, that is, for individuals who are "in the swim" do unquestionably clear out with great fortunes. During the Franco-German War we did more or less well out of both combatants, and the con- clusion of that great conflict brought such a prosperity to this country as had not pre- viously been. Those good years in the early seventies were followed by a deep and long depression in trade. If the losses of the lean years were set against the gains of the fat years, Mr. Norman Angell might find good ground to base an argument to the effect that the apparent profit made out of war by neutral countries is also a great illusion.

There was a discussion On Mr. Norman Angell's theories at the National Liberal Club the other night; and it was by no means one-sided. Mr. G. H. Levy; the veteran political economist, questioned whether the theories of Mr. Angell contain the whole truth. War, he said, makes capital scarce, and the scarcity of capital makes interest higher. This is another way of putting what we have just said about the possibility of making fortunes out of other people's quarrels. But is it to the general interest

that capital should make large profits? That A a question. that even Mr. Levy himself answers in the negative. , The people who are injOrech he says, are the working classes; who have to pay in taxation, interest on loans/ and then to pay off the lean itself. Then, too, wages fall as a consequence of . the rate of interest. As the working classes are the bulk of the community, all wars . must be bad business for them. We are ' brought back to John Bright's simile of the , I stone sent rolling downstairs, and beunding from one step to another until it rests at the bottom. That is how taxation, inap,artially bumping against one class after another; eventually settles on the working man, who, whether he has temporarily profited from war or not, has by one roundabout way or another to " foot the bill."

Lord Welby, who is now becoming a very old man, reminded the gathering which Mr. Norman Angell addressed that ,he has seen five or six wars. lie means, of course, wars of historical importance. Each of them had excited anticipations of good times, and in each instance the anticipation had been dis- appointed. Yet it will be a long time, we fear, before the belief that war is good for trade, is finally extinguished. Practical reftt- tations of this idea there have been in plenty. Lord Welby mentions the latest, the case of South Africa. The Boer War was to be fol- lowed immediately by such a boom in trade as had not been experienced since the seventies. But the boom did not come. The effects of what proved to be a great finan- cial catastrophe had to be lived down before a revival of trade became possible, and we are only now experiencing what the enthusi- asts for war made certain of as an event of a dozen years ago. War, it hardly needs to be pointed out, is to countries which engage in it a heavy tax not only on present re- sources but on posterity. William Pitt is said to have died with a lament on his, lips—" My country; how do I leave my country? " There is still a dispute as to whether these were the exact words; but certainly Pitt had good reason for using them. I-le left his country with a debt of £700,000,000, the result of his contest with Napoleon. That liability still forms the bulk of our National Debt, and the taxpayer of to-day is still paying, and paying heavily, for the warlike statesmanship of more than a century past.

Lady Greenall has been Comm PAPERS AND complimenting us. We Comm POLITICIANS. are "W ar ringt o n's Comic Paper," and the distinction has been earned by no greater effort than was involved in poking a little fun at the Union Jack aprons and caps of lady helpers at "The Dumperies." They looked as if they had been on tour, with the rest of the goods, but Her Ladyship assures us that they "came down, brand new, from London." Then the journey must have dis- agreed with them, for they were nearly ag dingy as some of the exhibits "from abroad." Her Ladyship also charges us with harbour- ing the green-eyed mon ster,and being jealous of the success of the Exhibition. We hasten with a denial. Comic we may be, for "laugh and the world laughs with you," but jealous, no! a thousand times no! The Dump Exhibition was certainly very successful— even remarkably' so—for Free Traders are as pleased with the wholesome lessons it drove home,as the Tariff Reformers profess to be. Dumping lost its terrors, even to the unthinking voter, when he saw for himself what rubbish the foreigner spent his time in making and "dumping I " But we are not the only comic paper, unfortunately. Our newly-acquired title is already in danger of being filched. Last Saturday, the " Observer" tlevoted a lot of space to reporting the sayings of Mr. Harold Smith, M.P., and in one column it credits him with an expression of opinion which certainly requires explanation, unless we are to accept it as merely comic. Did the Member for the Borough really tell the Parr Hall audience (and Sir George Doughty, too) that "He

WOULD BE GLAD IF THE BATTLE COuLD BE BOUGHT TO-MORROW ?"

The " Observer " says so (in capitals as above) and being the official organ of the local Tory party it should know. We should like to put the question to Mr. Smith that he is so fond of putting to speakers on th Liberal side : " Was he correctly reported? We have heard of elections being" bought ' before, and he was certainly referring to the Warrington election. If the report is correct then we can understand why Mr. Smith would be glad if the battle could be "bought to-morrow." He is on the side of the big battalions with the long and deep purses. The prospect of "buying " such a commodity as an election in Warrington would present no difficulty to a party with such unfathomable resources. Why, the other side would hardly be able to raise a bid In imagination we can hear the fate- ful tap of the hammer and the unemotional voice of the auctioneer saying: "Going; GOING, GONE—to Mr. Harold Smith! ' Perhaps he will tell us if he said something and meant something quite different!

In passing a resolution in favour of curtail- ing the hours of London public-houses the London branch of the United Kingdonl Alliance, has based its argument chieflY upon the experiences of Liverpool during the strike and the subsequent report of the Liver- pool justices. The conclusions arrived at iP the Liverpool report are, of course, that opportunity makes the "drunk," and that he is reduced sensibly in numbers when his facilities for obtaining drinlc- are curtailed. The hours of opening in London public-houses are 151 more Per week than in Liverpool, where there are more taverns to the population, and it is argued that the temptations are there- fore more constantly present to a greater number of persons. This supposition (sal° ' the London correspondent of the "Manchester Guardian ") is strengthened by the fact the the convictions for drunkenness per thousand and the death-rate among public-house employees are higher in London than in an) other cities. Scotland Yard does not keel) , account of the number of arrests made froin hour to hour, but Mr. Chancellor, member for an East End constituency, who took the principal part in the discussion, received s letter from the Police Commissioner stating that the larger proportion of the charges ill London are evening charges. These temper- ance reformers ask that the public-houses on week-days shall not open before severl and shall close not later than eleven. To this end they demand either a special Act, or the inclusion of a clause in the promised Licensing Bill.

LINSEED COMPOUND 'with warm water is an eacellen6 gargle for sore Throat, Colds, Coughs, &c.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
[ST DECEMBER, 1911.

ASSETS.

9,676,141 Cash at Bask of England, and at Head ... 5 Office and Branches ... Moses at Call and Short Notice ." 6,093,171 415 5

INVESTMENTS : 15,769,312 19 English Government Securities ... 7,807,227 3 4 (Of which £115,500 is lodged for public acoonnia) Indian and Colonial Coy•rani e n t Securities ; Do h•nture, Grananteed and Preference Stocks sif British Rail- wasa;British Corporation, and Waterworketocks Canal, Dock, Rivet Conservancy, and 11,121,921 7 5 other Investments

6,552,859 2

12 11 Bills Discounted, Loans, &o. 36,193,417 13 10 Liability of Customers for Accept- snow, &c., as per Contra ... 923,326 1 Bank Premises in London and Country 686,491 4 5

£69,056,555 16 11

'ES, Joint General Managers. louse and William Barclay

Waterh4

Pest.

R. T. HAINI T. ESTALL, D. J H. CUN

===== 0002601_19120203_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
I

F

NOTES AND NOTIONS.

* Of the most of congratulatory messages l'eceiYed by the Mayor and Mayoress this wcek perhaps none gave more pleasure and latisfaction than the following :—" To the MaYor and Mayoress. We the children and teachers of St Ann's school desire to con- gratulate you, on the occasion of the parriage of the Mayoress, Miss Joseph, and !cvvrish the happy couple every good wish their future welfare and happiness. John k"r'over, headmaster."

* An old townsman declares that no wedding which has taken place at Holy Trinity Church during the past fifty years has l'oused such a remarkable degree of public terest as was shown in the marriage of the tree NtaYoress on Tuesday. The crowd in Sankey- he says, exceeded that on the occasion aang Edward's visit and so great was a c°ngestion that he was in fear that any raement the window of his premises might Pressed in.

41 * Lady Greenall challenges Liberals to dis- Pute the statements of Tariff Reformers con- fling a single article " in this hall" (The 01111 P Exhibition). The challenge is a little (Mt nebulous, because we have not got a I",ecord of the many strange statements made. Perhaps her ladyship will inform us if it is a act, or not, that certain clocks presented as Prizes to holders of discs in connection with ° exhibition were of foreign manufacture— Otherwise " dumped "to compete with the Products of the English clock-makers. tv,r.rbe writer of our "Notes for Irish Readers" tul?Nveek gives a smashing categorical reply 1.,(1.. Bonar Law's statement at the Albert all that "the loyal minority, in good report ,r \Blld bad report, have stood by us in the past." i'eur correspondent shows what hollow pre- nsiona the Unionist leader has to any real Understanding of the Homo Rule 'question. -ctilis references to "loyalty " were transcen- t.entlY 'foolish, and proved that he did not -7-,110,xv what he was talking about. Home is in no danger from the opposition of he Tory Party if they cannot forge better Weapons than those placed in the hands of Mr. Bonar Law.

• * * The Tariff Reformers' objection to our I°l.elgn imports apparently does not extend I? the names of candidates for Parliament. r.ee Traders have frequently been twitted Zltb the statement that "their cause is olstered up by.funds supplied by foreign Millionaires," but surely this is, if ever there Was one, a case of "Satan rebuking sin." itkraongst the Tariff Reform candidates at the a'st General Election were to be found the rees of-Hoffgard, Hohler, Strauss, Du Cros, .ppag Montefiore, and last but not least, Garowski. Now it is announced that Ve Tariff Reform candidate for the Gorton -vlvision at the next election will be Mr. Otto -atlan Rahn! His Free Trade opponent bears good solid British name of John Hodge! Khan Kahu! * * A Pleasing and curious coincidence arising \Jut of the production of the opera "San Toy" Warrington, is related by Mr. J. J. ebster, the engineer for the new Warring- 'On Bridge. It will be remembered that in 3rof the excellent topical songs written by f r• F. Booth, and sung by Yen How, the °flowing lines occurred Of all the bridges in the west, I like Webster's much the best, And I intend to introduce them into China!" ii°lllY after the opera was over, Mr. ebster received instructions to design a 4-Zirge transporter bridge over one of the lnese rivers, though he had never done erflY Work there before, and the preparation hi ,the plans has kept his staff working at g[l Pressure. Mr. Webster naively sug- tß_ests that perhaps Yen How will claim a ,o°MMission. If he does, he should certainly 'ler to "go halves" with Mr. Booth. * * *

WOMAN IN --IGRAM Y Wife is dead.. • God help those 0.110 remain. I must think of finding an- wife.—Rabelais. -wi,"° woman is so bad but we may rejoice h 'len her heart thrills to love, for then God ler by the hand.—J M Barrie or Ives are such a provoking class of society rie, though they are never right, they are ./.1-ver more than half wrong.— Thomas a rdy. „Tottery is their nature—to coax, flatter, wr, SWeetly befool before some one is every • n s business. She is none if she de- -this office.—Thackeray, tvweak as women are in the long run of arerYthing but the affections (and there they the.giants), they are all overpowering while gallop lasts.—Charles Reade. othing displeases women more than an ee • ttere and self contained character. They at they have no hold upon it; its dignity • es them, its pride rebels, its pre- coPations keep them aloof.—A. Table.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE. The Par jaanthly meeting of the Stockton Heath le tr",al Committee Was held on Thursday evening tiler.° all Cafe. Mr George Pilling presided, and care also present :—Merrirs J II Clarke, ll useistbrock, G J ['Town, F Pearson, J Whitley, C f\eleritTe' P Rose R Wood, J McDerrnid, G F Ashton Preand 3 Swinton (surveyor)—Several plans of Pnsed en braditionallyuildings were submitted and passed ~ Nratelesepairman of the Lighting Committee (Mr. J. Presented a report with regard to the pro- teeeecl diminution in the number of lamps in the village we ale° Presented a statement as to the saving that t. h -e effected. After full discussion it was decided alight saving would not justify the alterations shl'e“,,,Cad been suggested.—A letter was read from the th,:l3 ,-anal engineer with regard to the complaint as to ti, defective working of the sewage syphon. St ely it was decided that the Clerk should consult al6agreements with the Canel Company, and should Cot consider the arrangement with the Warrington as to the sewage when the alteration of abd r73°.;es was made- The conditions of streets ta th a a was also discussed and directions were given e Clerk and Surveyor with respect thereto.

n.lasszED COMPOUND' for Coughs, Colds, and rOnchi al troubles. 90., Is. 10. 01 Chemists. —Ad

===== 0002601_19120203_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
i.

LOCAL PARS, i;

Empire Skating Rink. Devotees of rolior skating aro reminded that the popular pastime is in fall swing at the Empire Rink every Thursday and Saturday evening from 7.30 to 10.30.

Sankey Bridges Adult Selina'. The subject of the lecturette last Sunday morning was "-The history of the Press."—Mr. upert Jones, who gave the addrees, after briefly but clearly dealing with the developenent of the newapaper, explained the processes involved in the production of the modern daily. The Pleteredreme. •

- Another capital programme of OF-to-date pictures is promised for next week. On Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday the principal attraction will be" Bin Flute" or" Magic bath charm, ta soothe the Savage breast". Far the remaining days of the week "Auld Lang Syne" will be presented. Ltwil Mumma ground by special issobinerr. Send yours-machines now before the rush.—J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge at., Tfarringtoo.—Adrt. Railway Fatality. Warringtoa man mauled John Birch, of Scott- street, watt killed at lioulderrorth on the Cheshire Linea on Wednesday morning. Deceased, who was about 47 years of age, was employed as a joiner in the wagon worke at Warrington and had raoantly been working at Mouldsworth. He was knocked down by a goods trsia.

A New Open Space. The General Purposes Committee has considered tenders received for open spices in the neighbourhood of Padgate LIMO and Manchester Road and resolved that the General Purposea Committee be recammonded to accept the tender of Mr. Peter Lawton for the sale of a plot of freehold land containing 4 3/10tha acres or thereabouts, it £5OO per acre, for the purress of an open space to be laid out on Town Planning lines.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
The Magistrates' Clerk's Salary.

At the meeting of the Town Couneil on Twitchy evening, the following iesolation of the General Pur- posesCommittea will be considered : "That the Secietary he recommended to increase the salary cf Mr. G F F White, Magistrates' clerk, from £5OO to £6OO per annum." 11r. White was appointed in June 1901 at his present salary, which covers office expenditure and clerks' salaries. 'Toros CYCLIEL—Agent for " Douglas "8G 'Premier." New Models now in stock. Trials and all information free.-J.S. GARLAND, 5 1-5 3, Bridge at., Warrisgtos.-Advt. Museum Lectures.

Another popular lecture promoted by the Op,dan True tees will be deliTered in the Masonic Hall, Bold- siree t, on Saturday next, by Mr. C. Rowley. on " 'the Tree sures of Rome." Councillor Birtlas will occupy the chair. Satarday, February 17th, Mr. J. E. P hytkian will trive a lecture on "The Pre-Raphaelite Brot berhood: Holman Hunt. Millais, Rossetti sad others." Ccuncillor W. H. J. Jenkins will preside Atka braion to the lectures which will ho illustrattd by lantern slidea will be lectures,

Spiritualism. Mr. Aaron Wilkinson, the noted exponent and demonstrator of Spiritualism, lectured to the local society on Sunday and Monday, and was areeted by good audiences, the ball on Sunday evening being crowded. On Sunday. Mr. Wilkinson dealt with "Spiritual unfoldment " and "The friend of modern scientific thought and its bearing upon Spiritualism." The addresses were followed by a number of clair- voyant descriptions, some half-dozen names of persons well-known to members of the audience accompanying the description. Whist Drive and Dance.

Tne members a St Paul's yraing men's Bible class held their annual whist drive and dance at the King's Cafe on Thursday evening. There was a large gathering and the affair proved a great success. The Rev W Bracecarnp presented the prizes to the following: —Ladies: I, Miss J Rudd; 2: Mrs F Gardner; Gentlemen, I, Mr It Nieson ;2, Mr F Gardner. The duties of MO's were discharged by messrs H S Lightfoot (hon. secretary) and It Pepper (hon. treasnrer). Mr W. Pennington was the pianist. Off-Licences Re-valued.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Assessment Committee was held yesterday morning at the Work- house, Mr A Brooke presiding Others present were: —Messrs A J Jolley, G Mather, W C Brooks, J Billings, W Houghton, A Bottomley (clerk), and E Gunson (valuer). In accordance with instruct lens the valuer submitted a list of the re-valuations of the off- licences in the borough. The list comprises 64 houses whose total gross valuation under the old valuation was £1,097, and the rateable value £1,659. The valuer's report shows the gross valuation at £2.193, and the rateable value at £1,861 10a., which is an increase of £196 on the rpross and £172 on the rate- able. On the proposition of Mr A J Jolley, seconded Iby Mr G Mather, the report was adopted, it being understood that the committee would hear appeals at a later date,

" " CYCLIVS.—Special lines at £5 103. or with S speed gen.,. £6 153.—AgPnt, J. S. GARLAND, 51-55, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt. Independent Order of Rechabltes.

A. large slumber of parents and friends along with the members of the" John Dimond Juvenile Tent," assembled in Fiiars' Green schoolroom, on Monday evening for the annual meeting and the distribution of prizes. Bro. William Lowe (tent superintendent) presided. A short entertainment was given, the following members taking part: Sister Elsie Hardman rendered a song in a very pleasing manner and recitations were given by Sisters Jennie Warhrick, Amy Litdewood and Doris Thompson. Councillor Bro. Rober:. Henshall then addressed the members in a very interesting manner and afterwards distributed the prizes for regular attendance. Two : special prizes were awarded to Sister Mary Barnes by Mr. H. W. Naylor, and Mr.T. Massey, for having obtained the largest number of members during the year 1911. Bro. Ernest B. Wright, was also presented with a Past Chief Ruler's sash for having passed through the whole of the tent offices. At the close of the meeting each person received a bag of fruit. Warrington Photographic Society

"Rambles with a camera" was the title of Mr K. F. Bishop's lecture on Tuesday last, and if the extent of country covered by the lecturer be a justification for a title then this informal talk was rightly named, for it included a gocd many places between Aberdeen and Evesham, our own locality of course, furnishing the greatest share. The difficulty would be to select any section of his lecture for preference. The slides included slum and sea side snap shots, snow hoar frost and ice subjects, a first rate series of pictures of the Roman Wall from New Castle to Carlisle, and what was particularly appreciated a large number of views of Moreton Old Hall, Congleton This beautiful old mansion, now utilised in part as a firm, is free to visitors for three days a week, and is a marvel of preservation. The old moat is still full of water, the black cak beams and rafters, and carving are as perfect as they were three centuries ago, and every corner of the demesne seems to make a picture. The snow and frost section of the lecture was well illustrated by Mr Bishon and many valuable hints were given as to this difficult branch of the amateur photographer's art.

VACUUM CLEANERS, thoroughly reliable machines from S7s. 6d.—J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmongers, Bridge et., Warrington.—Advt.

Funeral 01 Mr. William Owen Taylor.

The funeral took place at the cemetery on Monday of Mr. William Owen Taylor, of 20, Arpley-street, who died on Wednesday of last week. Mr. Taylor, who was thirty-seven years of age, occupied a Position in the offices of the Warrington Slate Com- pany and was greatly esteemed by his colleagues. The Rev H Williamson conducted the service. The principal mourners were the father, two brothers and two sisters of this late Mr Taylor, Mr Williams, Mr Poyser, Mr Hughes, Mr Worthington, Mr Jewkes and Mr Warren. The Slate Company were represented by Mr Gordon Roberts,Mr Hayes, Mr Jolley,Mr Bayley and Mr Perrin. The coffin was borne to the grave by members of the staff of the Slate Company. Wreaths were sent by the " Father, mother, brothers and sisters," Mr and Mrs ii Roberts, Mr and Mrs WT Williams, " Garnett, Jessie and Minnie ." " Frey and Alice, " "From Joe" Mr and Mrs Greenhalgh, Mr H Jewkes, Mr A Dutton, Mr W Worthington' the Directors of the Warrington Slate Company Ltd, and the Office staff of the Warrington Slate Company Ltd. The carriages were supplied by Mr Greenough.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
The Exammer, Sa

tur

1111 S. PHILIP* SNOWDE.III AT ViAlliilliGTON.

CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETIES AND THE

SMALL TRADER.

"The History of Co-operation" formed the subject of a lectme given by Mrs. Philip Snowden in the Co-operative Hall on Thursday evening. It was a matter of regret that the audience was not a numerous one, as Mrs. Snowden is one of the ablest and most eloquent lady speakers of the present day. The chair was eccupied by Mr. J. -Jarman (secretary et the Warrington Co-operative Society), under the auspices of which the lecture was given. The CHAIRMAN said so far as they were concerned in Warrington, they had a very successful society, which was going forward with great strides. They expected to hear bona Mrs. Snowden something of the ideal side of the movement, and of some of the things they ought t) sand for and which very often they forgot. There was a tendency in these days to break away from the ranks f c eoperation and to joint the Labour Party and Socialist Party, b.cause it was stated there was no room in the ranks of co-operation. There was a tremendous amount to be done by the work-re in the matter of organization, and in the co-operative move- ment lay the hope for the future. If they could make all the workers co-partners f their organization there would bean end of labour struggles. Mrs. PHILIP SNOWDEN. who was warmly greeted,said many of the members thought of the movement as simply a shop-keeping movement. On the contrary it was a great national movement and more than that it WAS a gteat iitornational world-side movement, based upon eternal prineipl.s. Every meml'er shiuld be informed upon the grave questions of (COI2OMiCB, and should know us mothieg of business and the duties of citizenship, beeeuse the manner and control

Frain the's . ost MIIS PIIILIP SNOWDEN.

of the governmeet of our towns and even of our Country, was determined to a large extent by the character and prospetiry of tha judividual co-operative societies. In order to understand the birth of their movement they must go back to the days of 150 years ago, the days preceding the industrial revelation. The good old tines in many respects were bad old times, but in some respects they were superior to the present. There was a better relationship between the average m rater and the average workmon. There was a human touch between landlord and tenant which was lacking a metimes in these days. There was not abroad that hateful c mercialism which han destroyed and disfigured the ' life of the se esent day—except where the co-operative spirit had made it preseece fe t. Those were the daye when the worker owned hs own tools and instru- meuts,with which be worked. Afterwards there came the industrial revolution, the discovery of labrea,- savi. g machinery, the discovery of the power of • team in I the invsntion of the railway train. Those inventions created a revolution. It was a well-known economio truth that the way in which a man grt his living, did to a large extent deterrnins the form and character of their institution's, volantary and involun- tary. The industrial co-operative mevernent began in the early years of .the industrial revolution. It war largely helped by the &Torts of one greaegood man Mr Robert Owen rose,whofrone very poor circumstances to a business partner in a fir-n of cotton spinners in Manchester. He combined good business instincts with idealism and it was mainly due to his efforts that the ten hours work day was passed. It was in the year 1843 that the Rochdale pioneers started on the lines of the modern co-operative move:nent. Witi small capital of £2B they opened a little shop in that town. Since that time the co-operative movement had grown to immense pr portions. The present capital in the United Kingdom was fifty mil io: s, thrir annual turn over one hundred millions and a member- ship of three milioe people. They sympathised with the local traders who felt that their business was seriously damaged by the movement of co-operation. Unhappily the law of progress made it impossible to move along the lines of real pro- gress without somehow hurting someone. They wished it was otherwise. They would like to extend their society in order that they might give employ- ment to every local tradesman whose business had been seriously damaged and give him a preference in their employment so that he would trot suffer. They had to move on the lines of progress with as mach forbearance as they could summon. What was the real spiritual inwardness of the movement ? Was it dividend ! No, but she held very strongly that any member of the Society need not be ashamed of taking the dividend, provided the servants of the society were well paid, and a reserve fund pat by, to make it secure from a business point of view. They most not forget the larger purpose of the Co-operative naive- meet. The founders of the movement realised that . only could salvation come to the people as a whole under present industrial conditions, by the application in one form or another of the principle of co-operatioe. The solution of the problem of poverty was the main purpose of the movement and they muet make their society attrac- tive to the very poor. They as members of the society must see that the goods they purchased were produced under fair conditions. She knew of a town in Yorkshire where almost every person was a member of the co-operative society. Ia that town the employers of labour knowing that trade unionism was not wrong, and that co-operation brought to the members a certain amount of benefit, they dropped down the wages of the workers by just as many shillings as were paid in the pound when dividend day arrived. She was not concerned with politics but she was very much concerned with the capitalists who were not co-operators who got themselves into ,Parliament and used their politics to smash the co-operative organization. They were not safe even as a commercial organization until they could get hold of productive enterprises so that they could employ more thee they did employ of their own members. It was important that they should expand and hold together and move forward in the direction of co-operation to apply the principle all round and work together in the eternal cause of their common humanity. (Applause). Questions having been invited, Mr. B Flint It asked if Mrs. Snowden could give them some information with regard to the methods of reaching the poorer classes. He felt strongly that it was a point which they ought to aim at in Warrington. Mr. SgOWDEN said she only knew of one society who attempted the experiment of trying to reach the poorer people and they found it extremely difficult. The poor people were very shy cf leaving the traders to whom they owed credit. Another Questioner : Was it not right that the co-operative movement should be represented in Parliament?

_ Mrs. SNOWDEN : If you F end good co-operators 0 Parliament I think that would do just as well. Do you consider co-operation or monopoly? Mrs. SNOWDEN : In the case of some of monopolies the profits go to a limited number of people, whilst in the cage of the co-operative society the profits and dividend go to the people. On the rroposition of Mr. FERGUSON, seconded by Mr. G. T. IlustivoN a vote of thanks was accorded to Ifrs. Snowden.

LINSEED COMPOUND is a good Cough Mixture. Eftective and Voonomical. Of Chemists only.—Advt.

:... -,•st"tst:.r."4 „.,..i.,,,..,...,,,.=.:z,,,...e...z.:,•••:•.•:? $1 %.,-. - , s.'!.,,,r6i'iai';',:',...tit'' 1 A4.1:t:4•::',...ii N:it, .....•-‘,' , N -,...1A .. .:.:. ‘.:-.5,...;;*:i:.- ..-;`,k,- .:" • i;.; •.'.,,::::-..,. ~ ,1 i-....i... ' . :.: .„... .4,i',;! •:. ' ..'i;:,..f...,.. .;*,::,.. ~,:: A httl7fl':l<} X :•??....*,,*4 • . . .k". ' ...'...: :: -.: , ..-;.::. . .;' ..., : , : ::•'::::::,?;=, _;::,-) l?.:(::.:.,. ?, ~........ ?, ,:• . . ::::- :•.,,K.../..:::... %. . : :•• : . ~:', ', 4 ':fi'r.':•::"' .•••••:+x-. • .••••?•:.,•.:.:::: .'....,,... ~, .. ••• , ~.......E.:.•:••.:::::;•'''.1 z.,q...4:•e':.:•... • •••••:.•-•:, ..i'...,-,..f:::*;.•:...,.'.::?:::::::::kii:i.:',...:::-...' •: • , .::::•:•:]':.ii:A',••...:' • , •'. 11-..........:.--....-... .T..,•:,..:::,•0::::•.,:.....:•,:g4:t;,...r.:•••....... . ........".:::. .• f. •.• • :::., ..;•1,,t1.:;1. , ...i...:::::::..:A•':::::...........::::::.!' ..:?;:... ••••,.....•:::,:•_:.:.. • .;•,.•••.........E.•:':.::.1 '.:•.1.;,:•.....v...,5,;::.-.:;•::]i! .:::::::...i.:..,::.......::?:,...,. •••I:::.i':ioii':',.::: ...'.. • ..- •, •• '..,....... i:;i:'-:'.',..,Nt'...'.....••••••f•::'...,:.•,..i....:.M:•:].•.:-• -::••:.•.:'. • :::7 , ','• . • . ',:::':". RY4'Ogii.:4'....i....ii',:*.:4:;i:;ti'ii4:::-.....:.: .:. ' ' r,''''.'. :•• ::.: ":'''l ..',...:,...;...i'.:;:•:4•:.'.,,]...5.:,;-4:0::,: ...: • .V...",:,:;.21.:..,::.:,,,........::::::: ',:....t0.,1'N'0..1i••:..'...:,•:.i.:::;;.•:''.<:•:.•:.K•: '''''''''{..:::': ..',l.''' ' '''..11.'..;;!.'..J.:.•,...hi..,;:::§,..?.....',:•N':',§','W":.,..:':"... • ' :''..,Y,'••••'. i.....m...•..gg,..,:.,:}..ii.:.,.iii,......]..,:1'1iii.......:i5..i:.,..::......',.......>.;,.:':AN ii'.....i.:!...:...-ia::.ii,,,,.......-..*,..,...„*,.....x.:.i,,:i.:i..;:...-...i.,1ii1.:]:......:::c....,...ii.,...,,,..;•.........: 147.4itittiiiiii':..'i'iiiii..11i,..:',.':1,-,'.::.'iir..........':':.:::',.'...,i1.11i'::.';it`..`;: '...'.:4':.41....:.. . ~..;,...*:.,,..*:%,.....::e.i.-,.....?,i-...t......::::::...,... ;.y,,.,...-... .......,:........ 1.,:, .:. ...,......i;‘,',5..;1:?..,.&.*w.T.i..i.:4?,...:,‘ ,5.4., ......-..?..„.....:. ~...,:. ... ...• ~.....,.3.ii.,......Y0t:.,..:1.,?i,:?;.:,:::.ii:-..:. ~..-‘,.- .:-..,.............-.-• ~......: . '' ' j,..:,.?.:•..:A.ii-?...:Nii:.,iii..,i.5...'...'...;x.......•'.7.,:' .... , .....-..... ..,. :: .. l'ost a).ct ./1.1 (1 ottl•ll.''

===== 0002601_19120203_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
day, February. 3, 1912.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

MR. LOADER'S BENEFIT. Mr. A. 11. Loader, the arateemed general naaterger of the theatre, must have felt proud and gratified on Thursday evening. It was the cocasion of hie second annual complimentary benefit, and no more convincing mark of public appreciation of his successful r Tens to prosicle high-class entertainments at the Rylands- street house could have been desired, than the fine audience which assembled to do him honour. Every rt of the theatre was crowded, and many leading tewngpeople were present. A pleasing feature of the betrefitwas the co-operation so willingly extended by the managements of other places of amusement, and the apleudid way in which local artistes else rose to the occasion and gave of their beat. It was a rnonstre proeramme, with sufficient variety to appeal to all, and the show was kept going merrily, without a sign of satires' or weariness, for nearly fair Th • audience was remarkably enthusiastic in its approval, every item being warmly acclaimed. Mr. Tom floothroyd conducted a largely eugerented orchestra which acquitted itself with distinction in the ever- welrenne " Poet and Peasant "overture, the details of light and shade receiving adeqnate attention. A more ambitious item was the grand selec- tion from Wagner's operas " Taunhauser " and " Lehengrin " and, although ths performance was not without blemish, the intricacies of the various movements were neg)tiated with a col- siderable meaauce of 81.11008 i. A feature of tie even- ing in which an exceptional degree of interest centred was the dramatic episode. " The breken string" from the pen of the beneficiaie. The theme was not altogether new, but it was worked out on unorthodox lines and the denouement was powerful and nrexpected Briefly, the story is of a captain of it duatry —Sir Richard Vacce —who, by appropriating the invention f a poor w alcrnan, has amassed untold wealth. His only daughter Margaret,—a very cons& ent ion; young lady with a t uching belief in her father's genius—is to inherit the fortune and already she has begun to make herself a Lady Bountiful to the poor of the district. Then, like a ghoat from the past, the much-wronged inventor —old Ben Bowden —appears cn the Berne. Adveesity has dealt hardly with him and heia reduced to fiddling in the streets to earn the pittance nerea.ary to keep body and seul together. Unwittingly Margaret draws from him the story which convicts her father of a mean theft and, her confidence dr her idol thus rudely destroyed, she insists on his making restitivion by restoring the whole cf the ill-gotten gaina to Bowden. The old man, however, is unwiliing that such a sacrifice should be made arid will only accept on cendition that Margwet will cons-nt to be 1 his heiress. The episode has a tragic (doe-, for just when the wanderer is about to come into po session of the comforts of which be has been so long and cruelly deprived, the string of his beloved violin tinges ominously, and be immediately collapses and dies. The Geis c.le was very creditably presented. kir. Loader himself carrying off chief honours as Ben Hamden. He was the tottering old musician to the life—the pathos of his portrayal creating a profound impression, while his" make up " was a triumph. Mr. Charles D. Law gave further proof of his histrionic talents as Sir Richard Vane —a part which he t lek in a very natural way, the conflicting emotions of annoyance and remorse being well broneht out. Miss Gladys Id. Adams invested the character of Margaret Vane with a winsome grace and charm which delighted the audience. Pleasurable nnticipat s had been arouse I by the announcement that Mr. and Mrs. B. S. Townroe would give a dnelegue " The Clown," written by Mr. Townroe. and the item Prole d one of the most delightful on the programme. The duologue was enacted in a nook " behind the scenes "at a circus and consisted of some excellent by-play between a clown, returning fresh from tbe acciam- mations of an audience am a pursuing an all dr of the heart eci;h the equestrienne. There was plenty of ; wit as well ss some realistic lovemaking arid the' presentation of the episede left nothing to be desired, Nlr. and Mrs. Townroe thoroughly deserving the plaudits which followed their most eugaaiag and

MU. A. M. LUAlitat, The popular manager of the Royal Court Theatre.

finishel acting. A " serious play " in one at entitled ' " Yvonette " ny Robert Swain, %v.'s performed by a company of amateurs, incluling members of the theatre staff, who succeded in coevesring a lairly powerful impression* of an exciting and pathetic Incident of warfare in which military and domestic life were blended. The chat acters were well sustained by the following :—Jean Marlow. Mr. Albert N. Chester ; Annie, his wife, Miss Eva Jones ; Yvenette, Nliss Margaret Fleming ; Sergeant Pinard, Mr. Leonard C. Daintith ; Corporal, Mr. Charles V. Houghton. There was a wonder'ul range of miscellaneous items, in which local nristes were well to the fore. Miss Sarah Silcock charmed every- one by her artistic interpretation of "At my wind. the delicate trills being beaurifully done. Miss Neilie Mullins sang " When the heart is yeunr2 " with taste and expression, and Miss Dorothy Tauter, after sweetly rendering "Sweet early violets" showered buttonholes of the m iciest little flower upon the audience. Mr H M Ashton,. in a nautical garb reminiscent of W W , Jacobs' heroes, told the bargee's thrilling story of the exploits of a fiery boat horse in his usual quaintly humorous way. Mr W B Randall lent assistance as the traveller who draws forth the narrative by judicious lubrication. Mr J H Draper sang " Lend me your I aid " very eff.ctively, and Mr W A Warburton made geed use of a robust voice in "The Bugler." Mr. WAlter Moores enhanced his reputation 1113 a humorist with " Captain Ginger," which was cleverly given and caused immense amusement. Mr. W. W. Whittle was in his best form and his impersonation of a curate wi h its original " p ttter," u-as irresistibly mirth- provoking. Mr. Harry Val Vousden displayed remarkable ability as an inaprsanator of Dicke: a characters, and our only regret was that we could not have a few more examples of his versatility in this direction, but time forbade. Mr. Willie Farrington, a local comedian, seemed at home on the stage and his up-to-date witticluns were highly poi..ular. The Four Minims came across from the Hippodrome and made the theatre resound with laughter by their clever eccentricities. The Conways added further variety with Irish comedy. Other capital " turns " from the Hippodrome and the Royal Theatre of Varieties were: The Sisters Gay, smart duettists and dancers : Miss Marie Grocott, singing Welsh girl who gave " Sing sweet bird " ; Mr It rbert Wilton, a capital comedian ; and Miss Cornetto, an accomplished youthful cornet soloist and dancer. A rucord entertainment closed uith the amusing American playlet "Speechless " by Miss Henrietta Schrier and Mr J C Lodge-Percy, who played the part of the nagging wife and the silent and long suffering husband to perfection. The sketch reminded one of Mrs Caudle's curtain lectures, the wife soundly rating her luckless spouse sad putting into his mouth imaginary retorts, While be remained ,qtaite speechless.

The uties of c mductor were efficiently shart.d by Mr. Tom Boothroyd and Mr. E. A. Wicldop. During an interval Mr. Loader appeared before the footlights and had quite an ovation. In a short speech he said that for the second time be had the pleasure and gratification of thanking the public for tht.ir generous support. He had to thank Sir Joseph Beecham for the use of the theatre, the numerous ladies and gentleman who had helped to make the evening a successful one by pro- viding what he hoped had been an amusing enter-

tainment, the staff and all who had given assistance. Turning to the future, Mr. Loadtzr made the iuteresting announcement that next week Mr. and Mrs. Lodge- Pry I produce a drama entitled," The greatest scoundrel livinsr," which was 'of his own perpetrating. (Laughte-.) " I don't think it is quite so bad as the tide suggests " he added. The following week they would have Mr. Richard Fla.nagan's very fine pro- duction of "Twelrth night" and subs-qsent attractions would include Ur. George Da.co's compiny in the Gaiety succese"Peggy," Mr. Robert Couraeidge s com- pany in "The Mousme." "The uitness for the defence," "The Silver King,"" The Lifecruardeman " and " The Speckled band.' He would like to draw attention to the performances to be given by Rios+ hard working and eLthusiastic amateurs—the Shakespearian Commemoratl players—on Thursday. Friday and Saturday, April 25th, 2fith and 27th. The plays selected were " Julius ('roar " and "Richard Ht." They would b 3 produced by Dr. Law and he (Mr. Loader) hoped they would have U. pleasure of con- gratulating him upon as great a success as he obtained last year in " Macbeth." (Applause.) Mr. Loader also alluded to Sir Joseph Beecham's great enterprise in deciding to bring the beautiful produc- tion "The Golden Land of Fairy Tale." from the Aldwych Theat,e,Loradou, to the St Helen's Theatre and Opera House for thr week commencing February 12th. Unfortunately the Warringtoa theatre could not accommodate s•ich a big productioa, or Sir Joseph would have been only toe ple.asei to hove promoted a visit to this town. He was, however, doing the next best thing in trying ta arrange for special trains from Warrington to St Helena—the only togrn in the provinces where the play would be produced. t Ippiatbie). A word of praise is due to the following for their valuable assistance : —Honorary acting managers, ib,sars Arthur Browne, J W Buller], R Turpin' and. Charles E lira Hey ; honorary ot...a,ge manager, Mr J Waters; honorary secretary, Mr H We r bn. ton.

•'.. . Y., k."` . 4, ' ' . ' ' ' • , . .. -1 • ~--- 64/ , ,

===== 0002601_19120203_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Lodge-Perey's Company in Repertoire.

Mr. Lo.lge-Percy's Company has this week presented some choice selections from its admirable repertoire and the many playgoers who have taken the oppor- tunity of renewing their acquaintance with this talented comdination have been well-repoid by per- formances of superior merit. On Monday and Wed: esday the attraction was an adaptatien of Ouida's famous novel " 11)t1s " which sheds a lurid light on the bad side of society. Lord Jura is one of those fine character studies in which Mr. Lodge-Percy revels and he brought out the contrasting moods of easy- going no ,chalance and highly-strung emotionalism in a realistic st% le which betokened the true artiste. Miss Henrietta Schrier also added to her lam els with a delightful p3rtrayal of Fuschist Leach, the candid, vivaciouS American girl. Mr. Paul Neville gave a powerful presentment f the tyrannical, unscrupulous Prince Sergius Zouroff, and Mr. F. a uglas Howard quickly enlisted the favour of the audience es the romantic Italian singer, Raphael de Correze. Miss Emmie Barton was charming, unaffected Vera Herbert; and those ornaments of se ciety—Lady Dolly Vanderdecken and Duchess de Sonnay were capably impersonated by Miss Phyllis Marsey and Mies Shirley Dalton. Oa Tuesday and last evening " A Fool's Paradise " was staged. It was preceded by an amusing comedietta in which the trials and pleasures of a newly married couple are humorously depicted. The title "A Fool's Paradise " does not suggest anything out of the commoi. It is the old story of love and treachery. There is the too trusting husband and the deceitful wife- wh3 is in love with a Liend f her husband. Miss Henrietta Schrier as Beatrice S.slwyn again scmed a great success, her acting in the last a3t- - the popsoning scene—being especially fine. Mr. J. Lodge-Percy was a splendid, short-tempered, Sir Pet.r. Lund, MD, F R.S , whilst as the invalid husband (Philip Selwyn). Mr. F. Warwick Ward p'ayed his part tematkably well.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

- - At attraction which possesses a special interest for cccl p!argoers i 3 announcei for next wek when a rcna friat the pen of Mr. A. M. Loader, with the sad, mat title "The greatest scoundrel living" mil be performed by Mr. J C. I.mige-Ptstcy and Co. Taere aill be some striking scenic effects, including tce mystetious "Cave of the Idol."

SIR J. BEECHAM'S FAIRY PLAY. A TREAT FOR ST. HELENS CHILDREN.

Sir Joseph Beecham (proprietor of the Royal Court Theatre) is to celebrate the dual event of knighthood an I the third year of his Ma 3 oralty of St. Helens in a nique manner. It is perhaps not generally .known that Sir Joseph has recently figured as a theatrical producer, and at the Aldvrycli, in London, a phantasy called "the Golden Land cf Fairy Tales" is running under hii direction. The performances will cease :3 t the A dwych next Saturday. In its entirety the play is t) be transprrted to the Opeta House St. Helens, w'iere to a series of matinees, Sir Ji sepl; has invited the 20,000 children attending the local schools, the - Education Committee having agreed to grant special holidays. The cost of this little surprise willbe about 52,003.114 r. Ai ch leacon, Sir Joseph Beecham's manager at the Aldwyo, informed a Piece representative on munday that the full company of 150, including the orchestt aof 54, wculd be going north. 'I he scenery is most elibm ate, and waghs many tons. "It is possible," added Mr. Archdeacon, " that the theatre will be open at night for adults to see the play during the week we are iu the town. " •

===== 0002601_19120203_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUSICAL SOCIETY.

Concert in the Parr Hall.

It is a pleasure to record that for once in a long reriod the Musical Society had,en Wednesday evening, an audience worthy of its work, its traditions and its objects. That Parr Hall should be well filled in every part on the occasion of this particular concert when others, musically much more deserving have languished for want of it, is difficult to explain, unless, indeed, the reappearance in our midst of Miss Marie Houghton is accountable for the fact, in which case the implied compliment to a young and rising local singer is as flattering as it is undoubtedly deserved. The items which choral members had to sing were neither great in bulk nor very exacting in character. Sir C. Hubert Parry's "Blest pair of Sirens" was the most important, and its difficulties are such as any choir cf average efficiency and sufficient numerical strength can surmount easily. The work, which is described ass choral ode,is probably the finest and most , monumental piece of contrapuntal writing that has, so Lir, been given us by an English composer, yet its total effect iu performance must be described as heavy and wanting in due relief. The society's vocal members sang the work in an appropriately massive manner, making the few crucial points of the middle portion most satisfactorily, and negotiating also in all sections if the voices the intricate involutions of the eight independent parts towards the close in a way which led up to a really effective climax. In regard to the two part-songs, " The World's Hay Queen "and " King Arthur," beard in succession in tne second part of the programme, it was noticeable that the first presented some points of weakness in performance and that it was the less pleasing of the two as a whole. Some uncertainties of intonation between the sopranos and altos, and some murkiness amongst. all the parts in the more involved and quickly moving passages, resulted in a lack of lucidity and a clouding of the part-song's meaning. " King Arthur " is of course in quite a different category. It was however, given in that whole-hearted way which shewt.d that members had taken firm hold of the music and its comical humour, with the result that the audience hugely enjoyed it. The Bridal Chorus, from Cowen's "Rosa Maiden, " sung in quite a finished and tasteful manner, completes the list of the choral items. Miss Marie Houghton was greeted with a vociferous euthurst of applause at the conclusion of each of her songs. Her first was the aria " Rejoice greatly, " an item which seemed curiously inappropriate to the occasion if not altogether out of place in the programme, , and one wondered whether the 'audience themselves, would not have preferred something quite different. That Miss Houghton has greatly advanced herself as a concert singer siuce she was last beard in Warrington is true enough. The ease with which she vocalised Handel's tripping roulades and followed in a facile way the best precedents in interpreting this number, denoted a finished technique and remarkable steadiness in trying circumstances, but one could not help being struck more by the mechanical correctness of the performance than by any degree of the purely personal and emotional element discernible in it. The group of three songs with pianoforte accompaniment, which Miss Houghton sang later in the evening— though none of them of absorbing interest—served to

emphasise some fine qualities in her voice, albeit_they also indicated its limitations. Their dui rendering however, made a call upon Miss Houghtoa's versatility which was met in a way that greatly pleased listeners most lavish in their tokens of appreciation. The playing of the solo violinist, Miss Helena. Kontorovitch was unquestionably the outstanding feature of the concert. Seldom have we heard a

_ matures style in so young a performer, or one who can so completely abandon herself to the task of the moment. In Mendelssohn'e violin concerto a splendid technique was, in the person of Miss Kontorovitch, associated with an appassionata so profound that here, as the " Airs Russes " (Wientawski), one listened to familiar themes as to a new reading.. Everything she did compelled wonder and aduairatices and drew from the audience applause the most enthusiastic. The society's orchestra, augmented as ssital in its various sections, had some very respossible and it was noticeable that in the concerto it was more than usually successful in subordinating itself, thus contributing to a most artistic interpretation of a work at once supremely graccfnl awl thoroughly characteristic of its composer. The overture to "William Tell" ani the Peer Gynt Suite were, on the whole, effectively and, in some respects, adequately performed, incidentally reflecting high credit upon Mr.. Crossley the scciety's conductor, under whose baton some arduous work in rehearsal must leave been done. Bet this, the second or third time of hearing these things performed by the society, makes clear the fact that, where the amateur element so largely pre- dominates amongst instrumentalists, there must always remain a residuum of the music which cannot be purged of faults of intonation and evidences of indefiniteness—thin places, as one may call them, which the momentum of professional leaders may be counted upon to carry us over with a minimum of discomfort. The well-known Barcarolle from •Offenbach's "Tales of Hoffman" proved pita a goal amongst the orchestral items. Mr. W. H. Payton, Mas. Bac , played the pianoforte accompaaiments to the violin solos excellently, and Mr. It. H. Pearson acted as leader of the orchestra is his customary efficient manner.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
TUE STELLA CAROL CONCERT.

Our readers are reminded of the musical treat which Mr R. H. Pearson has arranged for Wednesday evening next, tThen Sells Carol, the marvellous young prima donna, and a strong concert party will appear at the Parr Hall. Stella Carol, who is only fifteen years of age, was discovered singing in the streets one Christmas Eve by Madame Amy Sherwin,thanks to whose discrimination and sympathy ' she has been put into the way of an artistic career. I Her voice is a high, clear soprano, and her chief per- formances lie in the demain of bravura singing. She has A charming personality and the technical attributes of a born smist. The other artistes will be :—Mr. Fraser Gauge, Scottish basso cantate ; Miss Dorothy Webster, contralto; Mr. Clement Harvey, a pianist of consider- able attainments; Miss Lilian Fonlis, an extremely clever young Scottish violinist; Mr. Henry Fransella,. the well-known solo flautist of the Royal Opera,, Covent Garden; and Miss Amy Watts, an elocutionist who has secured numerous high awards. Reserved seats may be booked at Mr. It. 11. Pearson's, Bridge- street.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
MINIATURE RIFLE SHOOTING.

-- -- -- - - --- THE NVUITECROSS CO., LTD., V. DARKSBURY RIFLR Club.—On Thursday. Conditions : 10 shots each at 25 yards. Highest 8 scores to count. Scores : WHITECROSS CO., LTD. DARESBURT THEM; CLUB. Open Military Sights. Orthoptic Sights. S James F Tole B9 J H Grosvenor 96 W J Hooke B2 J Ravencroft H Barnes BO 0 Wallwork 92 W Sparkes 77 J Tickle 9O A Cooke . __ _ _ 89

J Eckersley J Minshull 74 S Whitlow B5 H R Baines F Davenport 56 F Speed Bl

894 163

642 731 Less 10 per cent allowance 73 For Orthoptic eights 638 Dareshury won by 16.

`Coanamrsat,' Transparent Cement for Glass, China, Pro. Gd. and Is., post free.—Advt.

BE -3r' IN. TJ •D AY.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR NEW SERIAL

"A BID FOR

A BRIDE"

BLANCHE EARDLEY

===== 0002601_19120203_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
"PRACTICAL

POULTRY

FARMING

SEND YOUR ENQUIRIES

===== 0002601_19120203_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
" REDCAP "

" EXAMINER OFFICE."

I

I,

1- ---- -- -' ___ ------..- -- , The, Examiner, February. 3, 912.. 7 i. . _ ______........,_ -..,.......-:L.;_-_______:_--_____.............., MRS. PHILIP* SNOWDE.N ROYAL, COUIVF THEATRE. tainment, the staff and all who had given 889istance. emphasise some fine qualities in.her Joie', allmitatheer Turning to the future, Mr. Losedgr made the interesting also indicated its limitations. Their deo rendering announcement that next week Mr. and Mrs. Lodge- however, made a call upon Miss Houghton's versatility 'NOTES AND NOTIONS. , " " --' -.- - . AT WARRIIIGTON. . _ . • . LOCAL PARS. ' - - -'' .-, , ' MR. LOADER'S BENEFIT. Perey avoul I produce a drama entitled," The greatest which was met in a way that - greatly pleased itais tunetp lost iiva itc:4nistt,. scoundrel lieinia" which wns'of his own perpetrating. listeners most lavish in their tokens of apprecia M. tion. N.e.^l‘o"•‘."^"Ne'd\o'N,No#Ne".."\..-' , . Mr. A. Loader, the eeteemed general naaneger IfiLatkusgutigtegiß`:,lderiad"tdtehd 71.11krAtreidf quite so tklisthteb; Kelt Lliat3clang of h ' • Mt at: ",e Dumperies "-the dumps Too Empire Skating Rink. CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETIES AND THE • cf the theatre, must have felt proud and gratified on would have Mr. Richard Flamegan's very fine pro- feature of the concert. Seldom have we keard a ot Traders went in serious and Devotees of roller skating are reminded that the Thursday evening. It was the cocesion of hie eecond daction of "Twellth night" and subs-cis-au attractions maturer style in so young a performer, or one who popular pastime is in fall swing at the Empire Rink ttiIHUZI complimentary benefit, amino more convinciug world include Mr. George Deece's company., in the can so completely abandon herself to the task of the , and smiling. SMALL TRADER. mark of public appreciation of his successful e Term to every Thursday and Saturday evening from 7.30 to -_— * e * 10.30. Gaiety sueeess"Peggy "Me Robert Couraeidge s corn- moment. In Mendelssohn'e violin concerto a splendid provide high-class eritertainments at the Rylands- . • ' , . . . „ . "The History of Co-operation " formed the subject street house could have been desired, than the fine PanY . in The Mousme.' "The e one's for thedefenco, technique was, in the person of Miss Kontorovitch, ,owden alluded to the akey, Bridges Adult Selina. audience which assembled to do him honour. Every " The Silver King,"" The Lifecruardeman " and " l'he associated with an appassionata so profound that 'ss "of the Co-operative Sa . of a lectaie given by Mrs. Philip Snowden in the ject o the ecturette last Sunday morning 'Co-operative Hall on Thursday 'evening. It was alort of di? theatre was crowded, and many leading The sab• fI 1 Speckled band.' He would like to draw attention to here as the " Airs Ramses " Wienemeski . r ( ), one ting on Thursday. We was "-The history of the Prese."-if r. Rupert Jones, matter of regret that the audience was not a numerous tewnvpeople were present A pleasing feature of the the performances) to be given by thos., hard working listened to familiar themes as to a new reading.. be fully understood who gave the eddrees, after briefly but clearly dealing one, as Mrs. Snowden is one of the ablest and most betiefitwas the co-operation so willingly extended by the and ettlandeetie amateurs-the Shakespearian Everything she did compelled wonder and admiration, -Ter quarter. Divi- with the development of the newspaper, explained the eloquent lady speakers of the present day. The chair managements of other places of amusement, and the Cornmemoratien pleyera -on Thursday. Friday and and drew from the audience applause the most idermtion. pommies involved in the production of the modern was eccupied by Mr. J. Jarman (secretary ot the splendid way in which local artistes also rose to the ''-ith 90.11 and `je th The pla 8 • Seturday, April - , , . , ..enthusiastic. d HEY" . daily. Warrington Co-operative Society), under the auspices sion and gave of their best. It eels a monstre selected were " Julius Caesar "ml ' "licher The society's orchestra, augmented as usetal in its 'ale never do The Pletaredreme. of which the lecture was given. proeramme, with sufficient variety to appeal ll to a, - They would b 3 produced by Dr. Law and he (Mr. various sections, had some very responsible preying, m The CHAIRM d the show was ke pt going merrily without a sign AN said so far as they were concerned Loader) hoped they would have U. pleasure of con- and it was noticeable that in the concerto it was.more an, ey Dress Ball .Another capital programme of up-to-date pictures al in Warrington, they had a very successful society, e , gratulating him upon as great a success as he than usually successful in subordinating itself, thus Ot mitiesey or weariness. for nearly fum home. TO e 11 previous zontised for next week. On Monday, Tuesday _an:. at which was going forward with great strides. They audience was remarkably enthusiastic in its approval, obtained last year in " Macbeth." (Applause.) Mr. contributing to a most artistic interpretation of a 'tistory of w Flute or the principal attraction wthill beso'Hvage expected to hear bona Mrs. Snowden something of the every item being warmly sect:dared. Mr. Tom Loader also alluded to Sir Joseph Beecham 's great work at once supremely graccfnl and thoroughly ",. or " Music bath. charms L.) so the the lverbial ke IL id ideal side of the movement, and of some of the things Boothroyd conducted a largely eugerented orchestrabeautiful roduc-characteristic"of its enterprise in deciding to bring the ,_ p composer. The overture to breast . For the remaining days of the wee n parti- Lang Sync will be presented. they ought to stand fer and which very often they which acquitted itself with distinction in the ever- tion " The. Golden Land of Fairy Tale,. from the "William Tell" fuel the Peer Gynt Suite were, on the ir was a tendency in these days ,1 le e " PPeasant "overture the detei s ground by special machinery. send forgot. There . we iin Poet and r •1 Aldwychl heat, e,Loradon, to the St Helen s Theatre and the whole, effectively and, in some respects, adequately ...AWN MOWIRS to break away from the ranks of c eoperation of light and shade receiving ademiate attention. A 0 House for thr week commencing February 12th. Opera performed, incidentally reflecting high credit upon Mr.. as your machines now before the rueb.-J. S. GARLAND, and to ' •Labour Party d Socialist • • • joint the aud I Ueforturiately the Warringtoa theatre could not Crossley the society's conductor, under whose baton.- ea 51, Bridge at., Trarriagtoo.-Advt. more ambitious item was the gran se ec- Party, because it was stated there was nommodate mach a big productioa or Sir Josetat some arduous work in rehearsal must aye been done tion from Wagner's operas "Tan nhauser " ace° , , . Railway Fatality. room in the ranks of co-operatien. There was a and " lonhengrin " and, although the would have been only too please' to have promoted a Bnt this, the second or third time of hearing these I Warringtoa man named John Birch, of Scott- tremendous amount to be done by the veorkers in the performance was not without blemish, the intricecies visit to this town. He wee, however, doing the next things performed by the society, makes clear the fact set, was killed at Mouldsworth on the Cheshire matter of organization, and in the co.operetive move- ' , , of the various movements were negatieted with a coo- best thing im tryieg te arrange for special trains that where the amateur element so largely pre- on Wednesday morning. Deceased, who was merit lay the hope for the future. If they . ceria siderable measure of 81.11008 i. A feature of tae even- . from Warrington tort. Hel eon onlY town in the dominates' amongst instrumentalists, there must 47 years of age, was employed as a jeiner in the make all the workers co-partners of their organization ing in which an ercepd honel degree of intereet centred Provinces w ere t hlld 13 od 0 pay woo epr ace d . always remain a residuum of the music which cannot works at Warrington and had reeently been there would bean end of labour struggles. was the dramatic episode. "The breken string" t4-Pld'euse). . . be purged of faults of intonation and evidences of Mouldsworth. He was knocked down by a Mrs. PHILIP SNOWDEN, who was warmly greeted,said from the pen of the beneficiaie. The theme was not word of praise is due to the following for their A . . indefiniteness-thin places, as one may call them, many of the members thought of the movement as altogether new, but it was worked out on unorthodox valuable assistance : -Honorary acting managers, • _ . e which the momentum of professional leaders may be simply a shop-keeping movement. On the centrary lines and the denouement was powerful and neexpected o, , . • ileum Arthur Browne J W Millen, R Turpin and counted upon to carry us over with a Minimum of Space. it was a great national mevement and mere than that Briefly, the story is of a captain of it dustry -Sir tes,"aneg Y , • E Bra Ile honorary etage manager, 'lir J discomfort. The well-known Barcarolle from *larposes Committee has considered it was a great hit:or:ration-al world-vide movement w eters ; honorery secretary, Mr II %Vat btu on. ' Richard Var..e -who, by appropriating the iireenrion •Offenbach's '` Tales of Hoffman" proved cptite a gem - open spices in the aeighbourheoi based upon eternal principles. Every enernOer sheuld ef a poor w Armen, has annesed untold wealth. His amongst the orchestral items. i Manchester Road and resolved be informed upon the grave questions of (ColleMieS, only 1 daughter Margaret,-a very conscientious s Mr. Lodde-Percy's Company in Mr. W. 11. Payton, Mas. Bac , played the pianoforte accompatiments to the violin solos excellently, and sea Committee be recaaamonded and should know sr methirig of business and the voting lady with a t uching belief in her Mr. Peter Lawton for the sale duties of citizenship, because the manner and control father's genius-is to inherit the fortune and Repertoire , , -,..- „:-, Mr. R. H. Pearson acted as leader of the orchestra in. orntaining 4 3/10tha acres or already she has begun to make herself • mmeos se his customary efficient manner. . 're, for the purpeses of an estiee„sereesteesiaesmeaeoesioseegasemeemesesze a Lady Bountiful to the poor of the district. Mr. Lodge-Perey's Company has this week presented 0 'own Planning lines. 4c/461:.q-vP5e:.:,7:::;.,...-.;.)- .4,Aw.0) Then, like a ghoet from the past the much -wronged seine choice selections from its admirahle repertoire TNE STELLA CAROL CONCERT. wx• i,,,,,i:?.,-, :.- •-: .... '.'i::4"...'*r.. '" ' emesee inventor-old Ben Bowden - appears on the Berne. ‘ary. • ~,,,.i ~... siv,:- ' --', 'k.i:l- .. and the Emmy playgoers who have taken the upper- -y, . -4... .*:"..A Advmsim has dealt hardly with him and heie reduced tunity of renewing their acquaintance, with this 'mined on Tamed& y -;•-•*-'.4:a to fiddling in the streets to earn the pittance noses-arY talented comaination have been well-rep,id by per Our readers are reminded .of the rtau3ical the General Pur- to keep body and seul together. Unwittingly Margaret ':- That the , i-is>.Sesl.' 1 Oass ~'' 'f'dils(O, formances of superior merit. On Monday and treat which Mr R. H. Pearson has. arranged for 4 ',,,'''.....• - ....,/ ' •:•,:::•,:',••• ...• '-. ;de draws from him the story which convicts her father of Wed._ esday the attraction was an adaptatien of Ouida's Wednesday evening next, trhen S,ella Carol, the increase the -'5,?..'...:?1 ''.......,,, ..• ~,- •1•;., - . ~•*..:..ii: . a mean theft and, her confidence im her idol thus famous novel "11 airs " which sheds a lurid light marvellous young prima donna, and a strong concert clerk, from el'er,''..- - ..ieeliSilloSese'llisiss 'SS'' 's.:: rudely destroyed, she insists on his making restitarion on the bad side of society. Lord Jura is one of those party will appear at the Parr Hall. Stella Carol, who , appointed risiiime ..osisiiesessemsties... , ..iiiiiseemee by restoring the whole rf the ill-gotten rains to fine character studies ia which Mr. Lodge Percy revels is only fifteen years of age, was discovered singing in. th covers Bowden. The chi man, however, is unwilling that and he brought out the contrasting moods of easy- the streets one Christmas Eve by Madame Amy such a sacrifice shouhl be made mid will only accept ii's,d'd .i.s'i.:•ii.S..iiill-:eiS .iseie . sees:Soo:se going r.o ichalance and highly-strung emotionalism in Sherwin thanks to whose discrimination and sympathy ier." WiSeee...O.S.AS,lo...e,LeiSee 'i ' sedesasSess on cendition that Merge, et will cons, at to be a realistic stile ehich betokened the true she has been put into the way of an artistic careen on s. .'.::-.W1151:'.... s'-',.:',:e'''.:S.SWi;i his heiress. The episode has a tragic (home for artiete. Miss Henrietta Schrier also added to Her voice is a high, clear soprano and her chief per- Just when the wanderer is about to come into ro session emosseiessessemess ..- se . roe.: s..,...siese her laurels with a delightful portrayal of torn:lances lie in the demain of bravura singing. She has iii.,4s.''Ss::iiis '4.',..o:i.r"di dWA of the cornforts of which be has been so long and Fuschie Leach, the candid, vivacious American a charming personality and the technical attributes of cruelly deprived, the string of his beloved vi din tinges girl. Mr. Paul Neville gave a powerful presentment a born arirsa The other artistes will be :-Mr. Fraser ominously, and be immediately collapses end dies. , f the tyrannical, unscrupulous Prince Sergius Gange, Scottish basso cantate ; Vies Dorothy Webster, sisseseaSM2e.sialz.:.:l.e.'XiglileeesesOi-Sesoisiesegs: The eois •de was very creditably presented. Me Loader Zouroff, and Mr. F. Di uglas Howard quickly enlisted contralto ; Mr. Clement Harvey, a pianist of consider- e'essea ...see' ssei simmemosseessesiemeses gll4llls::teSAUM.:::-5...d. .. :..- himself carrying c,ff chief honour's as Ben Bervelen. He the f avour of the audience ps the romantic Italian able attainments; Miss Lilian Fonlis, an extremely ..5..., ~.... - oeeesessetiosseselelikillkOSende.. -41 was the tottering old musician to the life-the pathos singer, Raphael de Correze. Miss Emmie Barton was clever young Scottish violinist ; Mr. Henry Fransellae .If.l 'A. :.. of his portrayal creating a profound iranression, while a dram-deg, unaffected Vera Herbert ; and those the well-known solo flautist of the Royal Opera, " " esinetieseileeliMeolN:rO .. e. sis -.;:. his make rip was a triumph. Mr. Charles D. Law ornaluerds of se ciet -Lady Dolly Vanderdecken and Covent Garden; and Miss Amy Watts, an elocutionist ois'eessiiiiiessismiseseess.. see.. e stave further proof of his histrionic talents as Sir Duchese de Sonna 'Yd by who has seure ed 9 were capably impersonate numerous high awards. Reserved esiessesialases .'. i. see e . sees es. Richard Vane -a part which he tiek ion very natural . 's ~ a,'9 Mr. s Phyllis Massey and Mies Shirley Dalton seats may be booked at Mr. It. 11. Pearson 's, Bridge- '''sq:W:.*:::-:;:.,0;',.....,.;:i1.• .. ss ' ..•:•:.;:' S- . way, the conflicting ernot'ons of annoyance and Oa Tuesday and last evening " A Fool's Paradise " street. N. lq- • ...::.i.::-.. :..,. , rernorse being well broneht (me Miss Gladys . ~...... . was staged. It was preceded by an amusing At ' M. Actors invested the character of Margaret comedietta io which the trials and pleasures of a MINIATURE RIFLE SHOOTING. ',swept', Post ahtt Mit curl)." Vane with a winsome grace and charm which newly married couple are humorously depicted. The THE WHITECROSS CO., LTD., V. DARKSBURY RIFLR TAP SNOWDEN. delighted the audience. Pleasurable nnticipat re s had title " A Fool's Paradise " does not suggest anything Club.-On Thursday. Conditions : 10 shots each at , been arouse iby the announcement that Mr. sod Mrs. , out of the commom It is the old story of love 25 yards. Highest 8 scores to count. Scores B. S. Townroia would give a dnelegue "The Clown," and treachery. There is the too trusting wotaecrrss C 0.., LTD. DARESBURY. RIFLR CLUB.. Open Sights. Orthoptio hts towns and even of our written by Mr. Townroe. and the item prov Military e d one of husband and the deceitful wife- wh3 is in S James nr. a la' ge extent be the the most delightful on the programme. The duologue love with a friend e f her husband. Miss F Tole B9 J H Grosvenor 96 ,dividual co-operative was enacted in a nook " behind the scenes "at a Henrietta Schrier as Beatrice Selwyn again W J Rooke B2 J Ravenecroft old the birth of circus and consisted of some excellent by-play sco.ed a great success, her acting ia the last ant- H Barnes BO 0 Wallwork ,92 ,r,,ck to the days between a clown, returning fresh from tl,e noel-am- -tire poisoning scene-being especially fine. Mr. J. W Sparkes 77 J Tickle preceding ' the mations of RD audience area pursuing an all iir of the ee Lodge-Percy was a splendid, short-tempered, Sir A Cooke rimf sin many !mart with the equestrienne. There was plenty of Peter Lund, MD, FRS, whilst ae the invalid .1 1k:sr:1111y 74 Ryder S Whitlow BB 85 -espects they wit as well as some realistic love making and the husband (Philip Selwyn). Mr. F. Warwick Wen" H R Baines a a better presentaton of the episede left nothieg to be desired, played his part remarkably well. F Davenport 56 F Speed Bl and the ;qr. an-I Mrs. Townroe thoroughly deserving the etween plaudits which followed their most eugagiag and NEXT WEEK' _ S PROGRAMME. _ 757 . 894 ,es in i, Ao attraction which possesses a special interest for 115 163 ,m- . 4''''' '''' Iced playgoers is announce' for next week when a ---. e i s (ie. rue foal the pen of Mr. A. M. Loader, with the 642 731 ... . eeisatienal title "The greatest scoundrel living " Less 10 per cent allowance 73 For Orthoptic wdl be psrformed by Mr. J C. Loilge-Petcy. and Co. Daresbury won 13y 16. eights 658 Taere will be some striking scenic effects, including , - o , . s - i'e toe mysterious "Cave of the Idol." ' COAGULINE; Transparent Cement for Glass, China, , , • • &c. Gel. and Is., post free.—Advt. . - . -. ~.- SIR J. BEECHAM'S FAIRY PLAY. A TREAT FOR ST. HELENS CHILDREN. .•; ~, ~,,..woe. ..'-?--`. or- . . Sir Joseph Beecham (proprietor of the Royal Court Theatre) is to celebrate the dual event of knighthood •••Vir ,2,./ an I the third year of his Mayoralty of St. Helens in a . I nique manner. It is perhaps not generally-known that Sir Joseph has recently figured as a theatrical producer, • ' -• . ••=•-, . ;,-. . ~.. and at the Aldvrycb, in London, a phantasy called LI if .... •D Al( B'7—l I N. TJ ~ .. , "the Golden Land cif Fairy Tales" is running under e • his direction. The performances will cease et the ease ee : . A dwych next Saturday. In its entirety the play is t.) be transp , erted to the Opera House St. Helens, , , . - ~....-.......---- ...-, where to a series of matinees, Sir Jeseph has invited . ... the 20,000 children attending the local schools, the . . . . . . ... . , - . .. .. . • • - • . Education Committee having agreed to grant special . . .. . .. .. . . ~ . . . . .. . . . • . .... holidays. The cost of this little surprise willbe about ...". - • 52,00111 fr. Ai ch leacon, Sir Joseph Beecham's manager . . ~,.. at the Aldw3-0, informed a Press representative on OUR NEW SERIAL .I.tunclay that the full company of 150, including the .- orchestra of 34, wield be going north. '1 he scenery is most elebor ate, and weighs many tons. "It is . possible," added Mr. Archdeacon, " that the theatre will be open at night for adults to see the play during ire, the week we are in the town. " ''A 131 D FOR • --1 1 THE MUSICAL SOCIETY. Concert in the Parr Hall. A BRIDE " pleasure to record that for once in a long Musical Society had, en Wednesday evening, , worthy of its work, its traditions and its 4: Parr Hall should be well filled in every mien of this particular concert when BY much more deserving have languished 'Herat to explain, unless, indeed, the midst of Miss Marie Houghton is 'et, in which case the implied -, and rising local singer is as BLANCHE EARDLEY dly deserved. embers had to sing were - exacting in character. i • ir of Sirens" was the . 'es are such as any ,ufficient numerical work, which is sr finest and most ,g that has; so iser, yet its 4 as heavy 's vocal massive 4ddle ~!I "PRACTICAL , , POULTRY I. , .-, ARMING" ~.. -„, v. ~...,,. , , •:_. , . ' ENQUIRIES .. . 1 I 1 -31 ''t I ) , ... ..4. 1 , i: -.- - r ; - . ,

===== 0002601_19120203_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING OF WARRINGTON'S MAYORESS.

A UNIQUE EVENT AT TRINITY CHURCH.

The old church of Holy Trinity, Warring- ton, was the scene of a picturesque wedding of unique interest on Tuesday afternoon, when Miss Phyllis Joseph, only daughter of Councillor G. W. Joseph, M.D., J.P., Mayor of Warrington, was married to Mr. Arnold Nield, second son of the late Councillor J. J. Nield and of Mrs. Nield, of Warrington. The occasion will be long and happily remembered and rightly so, for it was the first time in the history of the borough that the townspeople had had the opportunity of witnessing the marriage of their Mayoress during her term of office. The bride enjoys a well-deserved popularity with all classes of the community, the graceful and tactful manner in which she has discharged her civic duties having given complete and general satisfaction. It was, therefore, not surprising that all Warrington was interested in Tuesday's ceremony—in fact no local wedding of recent years has aroused such widespread attention. At all the municipal buildings flags were displayed in honour of the event, the public officials enjoyed a holiday, and the schools were closed at noon. For close upon an hour before the time fixed for the wedding, the approaches to tho church were thronged with spectators eager to obtain a glimpse of the bridal party. Within the church a great congregation had assembled. The nave was reserved for the invited guests, while the side aisles and gallery were crowded with the general public. Many members of the Town Council, officials and other prominent townspeople were present. The chancel and altar rails were tastefully decorated with white flowers, palms and plants, the general effect being one of striking beauty. Only the sun's rays were needed to complete the brilliance of the picture, but on a mid-winter afternoon it was sufficient cause for congratulation that the weather was fine and dry. During the assembly of the guests, Mr. W. B. Randall, organist of the church, played the following choice voluntaries with taste and skill : " Priere Offertoire " (Paul Devred); 'Wedding Procession" (H. Hofmann); 'Saint D'Amour " (Elgar); "Ad Herselt " (Lemaire),"Wedding " (Guilmant).

feathers to match. The dresses were made by Messrs. W. Hodgkinson, Ltd. Dr. Harry Nield, of Liverpool (brother of the bridegroom) discharged the duties of best man and Mr. Cecil Joseph (brother of the bride) acted as groomsman, The service, which was fully choral, was most imprPssive. The Rev. E. C. E. Carleton officiated throughout and after he had given the marriage blessing the hymn "0 perfect I love" was sung kneeling. At the close of I the service the choir gave an expressive rendering of the anthem "Teach me, 0 Lord" (Attwood). As the happy couple left the church, the strains of Mendelssohn's Wedding March pealed forth. The crowd of well- wishers assembled in Sankey-street showered confetti on the bride and bridegroom as they entered their carriage. Afterwards there was a reception at the Masonic Hall, which had been profusely decorated with scarlet tulips and greenery. The wedding presents—a splendid collection including silver, china, lace and paintings— were on view and were greatly admired. Conspicuous among them were the silver tea and coffee service, presented by members of

A few moments after two o'clock the bridal procession moved along the centre aisle. The Mayor's Chaplain (Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, M.A.), and the choir met the bride and her father at the church door and preceded them to the chancel, while the hymn "The Voice that breathed o'er Eden" was sung. Follow- ing were the two churchwardens, Mr. John Hesketh and Mr. Welsby, carrying the ancient staves with gilded "cups." Then came the Mayoress leaning on the arm of her father, by whom she was given away. She looked very charming in an exquisite dress of rich white liberty satin.A fichu of Limerick lace draped the bodice, and panels of the same beautiful lace on the skirt were fastened with clusters of orange blossom. The long train of lustrous satin had the initial "N " in one corner, worked in pearls and bridal flowers. The dress was finished at the waist with a brilliant and pearl rope girdle, the gift of a friend. A dainty cap of tulle and orange blossom crowned her hair, and a long Brussels veil completed the trousseau. Her ornaments included a diamond and emerald ring, the gift of the bridegroom, a link of pearls and diamond earrings. She carried a sheaf of Madonna ilies, presented to her by the bridegroom. The bride was attended by three brides- maids—Miss Beatrice Nield t(the little niece of the bridegroom),Miss Dorothy May Wright (daughter of Dr. and Mrs Wright, Spellow- lane, Liverpool), and Miss Beatrice Sankey (daughter of Councillor and Mrs. Sankey, Warrington). The junior bridesmaid was daintily dressed in white satin, with a rucked and gathered white satin hat, and carried a white satin cushion, upon which the bride knelt at the altar. Miss Wright and Miss Sankey were beautifully gowned in Saxe blue satin. Their over-dresses of filet net in the same soft colour were fringed with beads, and the yokes and sleeves were composed of filmy ivory-toned lace. On their hair they wore bands of Oriental embroidery with white ospreys. They wore gold and pearl brooches, and carried shower bouquets of La France roses, the bridegroom's gifts. The bouquets were tastefully prepared by Mr. Edward Slater. Mrs. Nield (mother of the bridegroom) was handsomely gowned in silver grey and black satin, trimmed with Chantilly lace. Her black hat was trimmed with feathers, and she carried a bouquet of lilies of the valley and Parma violets. Mrs. Harold Joseph had a beautiful dress of hydrangea crepe de chine, with under dress of black satin charmeuse, and with it was worn a large black Tagel hat with hydrangea-coloured lancer plume. Mrs. Unsworth wore a handsomel robe of Alencon lace with long grenat velvet coat. Ber_ hat, of velvet, was ornamented with

to .tottje. A TINY BRIDESMAID. (Miss Beatrice Nield, niece of the bridegroom).

the Town Council and the massive silver table lamp, presented by officials of the Corporation. Mr. E. Wilke's orchestra played light music inpleasing style. The Mayoress cut the bridescakelwhich was supplied by Mrs A Landon,of Suez-street, and was made in three tiers, the centre one bearing the borough coat of arms in sugar. The cake was prettily decorated with miniature horse shoes and wedding bells, and was crested by orange blossoms and bridal flowers. Several con- gratulatory speeches were made.

The handsome dresses of the ladies made a striking picture. Mrs. Norman Nield. was attired in old rose liberty silk, richly trimmed with cream silk, filet net over silver tissue. Her hat was black Tegal, with an ostrich mount. Mrs. F. Chadwick wore a pretty rog green dress trimmed with Brussels lace and velvet, and richly braided. Miss Nield waa beautifully gowned in grey, trimmed with silver net over ninon, and handsomely worked with silk braid. Miss A. Nield was dressed in green silk, tastefully made, with Tegal hat of same colour, trimmed with uncurled ostrich feathers Mrs. Longdin was gowned in brown satin, with handsome sables, and she wore a blue velvet bonnet. Mrs. Jackson wore a black dress with steel embroideries and a large black hat; Mrs. Forshaw, the ex-Mayoress, an amethyst gown and a black hat; Mrs. Carleton a black satin, with white furs, her bonnet to harmonize ; Mrs. Bolton a gown of dark wine-coloured velvet, with an ivory- toned scarf of lace and a hat with violets ; Miss Bracecamp a mole-coloured velvet and a large hat: Mrs. Taylor a blue, with a pretty hat to match ; Miss Taylor a most artistic costume of silvery grey, with squirrel furs, her large hat of silvery grey satin being lined with brightly-tinted velvet ; Miss Higginbottom a gown of blue satin, with magnificent ermines, her becoming hat swathed in ermine and lace and white plumes; Miss H. R. Higginbottom a blue velvet, with squirrel furs, her hat to match ; Miss Longdin a blue, with squirrel furs ; Mrs. Bouchier an emerald green, with a lavender scarf draping the gown, and her largo green hat had bows of black silk; and Miss Cramp- ton a blue gown, arranged with Oriental embroidery, and she wore a black velvet hat. Amid the hearty congratulations and sincere good wishes of their friends, Mr. and Mrs. A. Nield left for Harrogate, where the

THE WEDDING PARTY PHOTOGRAPHED AFTER THE CEREMONY. STANDING: Mr. A. Nield, Mrs. Nield, The Mayoress (Mrs. A. Nield), The Mayor (Councillor Dr. Joseph). SEATED: Miss Wright (Liverp3ol), Miss T. Sankey (Warrington), bridesmaids.

honeymoon is being spent. The bride travelled in a fine navy serge tailor-made costume, worn with a black Tegal hat, with Royal purple feather mount, and mole furs. Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Crosfield sent a kind letter of congratulation to the Mayoress and a telegram to the Mayor announcing the despatch of a present. LIST 0 F PRESENTS.

Bride to Bridegroom, diamond stud Bridegroom to Bride, ring Bride's father, cheque, furniture and household linen Blideuroom's mother, cheque and furniture Mrs W H Bayley, satin handkerchief case Mr and Mrs C F Bcuchier, picture (water-colour) . . .

Miss E A Brown, Robert rowning s works Miss E Crampton, eiderdown Mr and Mrs W H Buckley and family, salad bowl Mrs P P Crampton, cushion Mr and Mrs F Chadwick, Royal Worcester bawl The Rev and Mrs E C E Carleton, silver cake basket

Me F and Miss Brazecamp, half-dozen Crown Derby coffee cups and saucers Alderman and Mrs Bolton, half-dozen siver (old Georgian) teaspoons and tablespoons Mr and Mrs Edwardes, ducbeEse set and glass water jug Miss Beatrice Ewart, marmalade jtr and dinner mats Mr and lfrts Fulton-Smith, silver salver _

Mr Graeme Fulton-Smith, silver fruit stand Mr Ivan Fulton-Smith, silver sugar sifter Mrs Joseph H art iscn, afternoon tea cloth Miss Iligginbottom and Dr Mathotra, pair of silver vases

Miss H It Higgintottcm, case of afternoon tea knives Mr It and Miss Hutton, silver muffin dish Miss Harper (Harrogate), cake d'oyleys Mrs A Harper (Harrogate), Chesterl.ld embroidered cover

Misses Benson, pair of ornaments Mr R Clegg, chair Mr S Wakefield, mahogany cupboard Mr and Mrs Edwin IV( ods, silver photo frame Miss Lawrence, thiental cloth (satin) "Nancy and Lizzy," 20, B,Jld-htreet, pair o ornaments

Mr and Mrs Burdett and family The Ali.ses Sankey, linen table covers Mr HodOnton, handsome bedspread Dr Joseph's chauffeur (Mr Cecil Whitby), silver photo frame Mr and Mrs F V L Mathils,, pair of silver vases Miss Annie Taylor, (Speke) afternoon tea cloth A Fi lend, cheque Dr and Mrs Harold Joseph, Chesterfield Mr Reginald A and Mr Cecil N Jcseph, brass bedstead, &c. Mr and Mrs Norman Nield, oak grandfather's clock Dr Harty Nield (Liverpool), picture Mr Maurice C Meld, opera glasses and Armadillo work basket

The Misses Nield (Ashton-under-Lyne), afternoon tea cloth (to bride), suit case (to bridegroom) Mrs John Nield (Ashtt n-under-Lyne and Abergele), malt( gany cake stand Dr CI W Neild J, seph (Liverpool), cousin of the bride, silver entree dishes Mr J Herbert Jtseph (Liverpool) cousin of the bride, silver fish knives and forks Miss Frith (lin ',corn), silver photo frame Mr and Mrs E S Garland, Royal Doulton soup tureen and plates Miss Agatha Jones, silver egirstand Mr and Mrs T Longdin, tray cloth and brass coalbox Miss Alice Longdin,nightdress case and duchesse set Mr J and Miss Longton, pewter hot-water jug Mrs EI Miller and family, case of silver afternoon teaspoons and sugar tongs Mrs W Jackson, syphon and stand Mr and Mrs II Ferguson, silver bread tray Mrs G and Miss Rylands (Manchester), case of fish knives and forks.

Mrs Peter Rylands (Thelwall),case of carvers Miss Rylands and Miss Morris, silver sugar basin and. sifter.

Mr and Mrs J Richardson, spoons and forks Messrs and the Ilisros Lowe, Royal Doulton coffee cups and saucers The Misses Pye (Manchester), pair of silver vases Miss Annie Owen, Tennyson's poems Mrs D Sprunt (Runcorn), " Sesame and Lilies ' John Ruskin. Dr & Mrs Bower, silver peprerettes and mustard rot Mr and Mrs Walter Bennett, silver salt cellars Nurse Booth, silver tea fuser Mrs H A Stagg, tcasr rack Mr and Mrs J II Smethurst, mural) scoop Mr and Mrs E J Sutton, sardine dish Mr and Mrs G D Southerden, table knives Miss Mildred Southerden, silver knife rests Councillor Sankey and family, brass fender, seat and curb 3 Mr and Mae John Taylor, Rcyal Doulton dinner service Mr and Mrs H Ff Taylor, table glass Miss E L Taylor, table glass Miss Nellie Taylor, picture Miss Doris Taylor, water jug (cut glass) Miss H Towse (housekeeper), letter stamping press Mrs Tarburton (a servant at Bold-streetet of jugs Mrs Unsworth, mahogany bureau and cigar box Mr and Mrs Walsh, Japanese toilet set Miss White opal brooch .

Miss Lilian'White, blue purse bag Mr and Mrs E A White, silver afternoon tea spoons Mr J Lyon Whittle and farnily, silver vases Mrs Whitley, silver jam dish Miss Whitley, travelling rug Mr and Mrs J Rymer Young, silver cake knife Mr and Mrs Joseph Bennett, silver butter diAl. Mrs Wright (Liverpool), a !musical ball gong Fse s Forsbaw, afternoon tea knives Mr Harold Drabble (uf London and Matlock Bridge) vacuum. carpet cleaner Mr Douglas Johns (Liverpool), silver rose bowl Mr and Mrs A H Crosfield, Dr and Mrs E J Fox,

• - . , - e - , 'TIBI4-g' ' ' .1 4: , • . . . . , •, < . f#l ' ~.. . - • 44* ' , , i ~ • . .. ~ • tif ' , ,'-;-.2, ~.-,.......4,, rNt t ' ' ,''' .4 .' - ' * ~,,w ~, 't•i' ',''''`.., 4', tok • •4 .*.r , ,•• , , , ~ , , •• ~ 4 . . ~. / ' " . . . ' i 1 1 • • , :011IP -., ' .. , :,t.:'-', .•4 : - ...- - : ' . '' \ :,..'' . ,-' .. o' . .t,'": -1:•- I.' -A 16 4 : : . k. . . . , . ' ' ' ‘,' ' • .. , , • ~ ,e,,,,, - :111 ~4if . . , ...., , ~- I. ~ .., - .. . . .... . .. ~-.,' -- ~. . , ' - .t ' ' ‘'. -. ::,,,,,--.,0L . '"-:, J• •;_ -,/ ' - ;7., -• • . •,. -,,,,,i.. . 7N,...,- -."'.7.-f7.4P,f,.!,.;,,,-.. : ' 4,',', - ' ''''' , 00 ~, ,-,„,,, ~ ~ ,:,, ' ,',i4,-...A.4 .ztfe.t.,;','.',•::.: .41' .: ' . 1, - - . ' -'" ft '`. .4. '',', i -1, 4% ~,,,,:,‘ ,: *. /.• ~.'?',, s'.., 2.... .;....?.. z,,..<1.4. e 4,4 ~. , , .. .;',t1,4, . ' _ k i` '• ‘.';',; et;V•4'lX,:- t ''''''''.4,,,‘ '''' ' . '.•'' ';'4' '''4" ' ': i .•••':,>.'j., • 4:444r4 ..rA••:4 ':•••,..,141=f4, . ''• s..',' .„—•,,,,r\14:444r „1.• , c,,,..tt.... : 4,ra '''4Aitt'4':., • ' ~,,, ~, .•,.,4%, .• '.•- 1 •,,,,'• •444:4',04•;',4 ,•4•4•••.i.;?,,g tr.,:4;54',,, • '''; __•., %-er,,sBA-,,,, :' " • '-‘4, '' ' ''' . S) --.- _ --

L.4...17',,......2., ~. . • ?" • .• .o'' ~,:,,c.,,.,:-.,.• • .-Irl/4*^.; ."''..4,- , , ~.., • :,-•;::.i i ~"' —,i4 - . .• . f,.. - • - 0 .. . . , . 6.- r .....,.... ,„..0, , "1 .. -,1. f * - zi

===== 0002601_19120203_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
8

===== 0002601_19120203_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Ttie .Examiner, Saturd y, February, 3, 1912. POPULAR SCIENCE.

MOON IND CLOUDS. The old notion that the lull moos clears away clouds is no longer held by meteoro- logists. The view of the present day is con- firmed by Mr. W. Ellis, F.R.S., from the Greenwich records, which show that a maxi- mum of cloudiness in the forenoon and a minimum in the evening is the general rule, so that moonlit evenings, instead of being clearer than others, have their freedom from cloud brought to notice by the moon's brightness.

THE LATEST A.zuorLims. Besides the usual hand-operated steering and balancing devices, Captain Lucas- Girardville, a French inventor, has designed special gyroscopic apparatus to operate smaller supplementary balancing rudders to prevent undue pitching or rolling of his unique biplane. He seeks also to eliminate the, upsetting gyroscopic action of his motors and propellers by using two separate motors revolving in opposite directions, one operating a pulling propeller and the other

AEROPLANE WHICH IS BALANCED BY GYROSCOPES.

a pushing propeller. The captain has ap- plied that property of the gyroscope which causes the instrument to gyrate at right angles to a disturbing force applied to its axis of rotation. To this end the inventor has mounted two gyroscopes, each driven by a flexible cable, and arranged so that it may turn with its axis of rotation moving in a plane vertical to the shaft on which it revolves. Each gyroscope operates its own biplane rudder through suitable , gearing, and the action of the rudder is to restore quickly and Cffectively the state of equili- brium which preceiled the action az a dis- turbing force.

AIR FOR FIREMEN.

A remarkable device for supplying air to firemen in smoke-filled rooms, the invention of James Halloran, a New York fireman, has emerged successfully from ite,- first test. It was used by the brigade in fighting a fire in the cellar of a tenement house against thick volumes of smoke. The invention is cha- racterised by the greatest simplicity. A common garden hose is used, one end hang- ing free in the outside air, the other end being attached to a small box on the nozzle of the firemen's water hose. Three rubber tubes lead from the box, with nose-pieces attached, and each is fixed over the faces of the firemen. The bottom of the box on the nozzle is perforated, and the force of the water rushing through the nozzle draws air by suction through the garden hose and feeds it to the three firemen holding the nozzle.

ocommicenipa.-4.3:w=i. • ntire7.47 . r 41 tra Afik • **lrgitrar -2111W- AUTOMATICALLY

===== 0002601_19120203_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
Fon STARTING AEROPT.ANEB.

The commencement of an aeroplane flight is at present an undertaking requiring the help of several attendants, including a man to start the engine by turning the pro- peller, and the men sometimes, to hold the machine back until the motor reaches the required speed. To dispense with these aids, a French airman has designed a simple apparatus consisting of a stout rope pro- vided with a spring-actuated clutch. One end of the rope is attached to the frame- work of the machine in such manner that it cannot get in the way of the mechanism, and the other end, with the clutch attached, is engaged with a short piece of rope made fast to any solid object on the ground. Ths, spring tension of the clutch is so calculated that the clutch opens when the propeller reaches its maximum speed, and the machine, thus released, sails off into the air.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
BRAINS A r THEM FINGER-TIPS.

The wonderful sensibility possessed by the finger-tips of blind people has long been a matter of remark. The reason for this is thus explained by a doctor, and the illustra- tion supports his theory:—" If you examine the inside of your finger-tips with a magni- fying-glass of even moderate power you will find the skin to be in narrow ridges. Standing point up beneath all these ridges are the so-called ' corpuscles of Pacini.' Each Pacisian corpuscle contains a nerve. trunk, an artery and a vein. It is chiefly in these localities that it performs its func- tion of touch. Not long since I had the op- portunity of examining under a microscopa portions taken from the inner surface of th.. index and middle fingers of the right hand

I G. 1 , - I G. 2 , •

===== 0002601_19120203_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
NODMAL AND BLIND MAN'S FrNGEIL-TIPS.

of a blind man, whose sense of touch had been abnormally developed. On beholding the highly magnified Pacinian corpuscle ' I observed, instead of a single nerve-trunk, artery, and vein, as in Figure 1, an infinite number of dainty and minute nerve-twigs branching off from the main-stem, as in Figure 2 (arteries and veins being omitted for purposes' of clearness). Extreme and constant employment of this sense of touch in the blind man, and greater use of his finger-tips, cause blood to tend towards the latter in unusual quantities. Blood means growth. Hence in the blind there is an extraordinary development of the 'corpuscle of Paeini '--its nerve-trunk, artery, and vein—and this more perfect growth means more perfect performance of function."

UNTARNISHAELE SILVER WANTED. Silver is a metal that has its problems. The tarnishaylity of silver, particularly to people who live in the smoke-enveloped cities of the present day, is a time and muscle consuming annoyance. It is not sur- prising, then, that a prominent company manufacturing silverware should inquire as to the possibility of adding small quantities of other elements to silver, with the idea of lessening or eliminating its tendency to tarnish.

Aeroplane Owner: "You look the sort of nian I want. Your last employer states in his letter, however, that you don't seem to have any backbone in you." Applicant for Post of Aviator: "Why—er—er—" Aero- plane Owner: "That's all right, man! You'll do. The trouble with the last few men I. had wis that they were always getting theita -nken

'S THEFT OF CIGARETTES.

- - - At tho Children's Court on Saturday, Stanley Lewis, aged 12, son of Ada Forster, 2, Buckley's-yard, was charged with stealing by false pretences from a shop 113, Sankey-street a box containing 50 packets of Woodbine cigarettes, value 4s. 2d., the property of Margaret Jane Allford, of 18, Heaton-street, Runcorn. The Chief Constable stated that on Sunday evening the boy went to the shop of Mrs. Allford and said he had been sent by Mrs. Lewis, an ice-cream dealer, for a box of Woodbine cigarettes. She handed him the cigarettes. Afterwards it was ascertained that the boy had not been sent by Mrs. Lewis, but that he had gone to the shop on his own account and had taken the cigarettes to his grandmother, who tried to sell the goods to various people. He bad told her that he bad won them from another boy through playing pitch. Prisoner was ordered to receive four strokes with the birch, and the magistrates told the grandmother to keep a stricter watch over him in the future.

STREET BETTING WIRE WORKER HEAVILY FINED

At the Warringron Police Court on Saturday Joseph Wye:terley, wire worker, 22, Nicholson-street was charged with loitering in Priestley-street and Milner- street for the purpose of bettiog on the previons day. The Chief Constable stated that Detective Wollacott in company with Detective Holland kept observation in Milner-street. At 1-10 p.m. the prisoner took up his stand at the corner of Milner-street and Priestley-street Between that time and 1-23, four men went to the prisoner and handed to him what appeared to be betting slips. Prisoner then entered the Railway Tavern and the °Ulcers followed and arrested him as he came out, On searching the prisoner they found in his posFession 1/8 in money, a betting slip and also a paying out slip which related to horse racing and football. Prisoner who pleaded guilty was fined £lO and costs LABOURER ASSAULTS HIS WIFE. THREATENED TO USE A KNIFE.

At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, William Jones, 5, Six Houses, Dallam-lane, was charged with having committed an aggravated assault on his wife by striking her on the head nith a shoe and a pair of tongs. Complainant said prisoner went home on Saturd97, and gave her 3e. 10d. and she gave him ninepence back. He then went out and returned about 3 o'clock and sent for two pints of beer. About 9 o'clock he asked for tke the remainder of the money and snatched at her (witness's) pocket, which contained 4.5. 7d., and tore it away. He again went out and returned in about half an hour and commenced to threaten her. He kept on threatening her until about 11 o'clock. He then got hold of her and knocked her over a chair, and after- wards pushed her under the table and hit her with an old shoe. Ile also struck her with a pair of tongs. He had a knife in his band and said be would "finish her out and out." Ile tried to draw the knife across her throat but after some struggling she got hold of the knife and he then said he would strangle her. She screamed and sent her boy for a policeman. She was afterwards attended at the infirmary. Prisoner said all the bother was caused by complainant taking a table cloth off the line and going to pawn it for drink. Ile denied having brandished the knife. William Jones, son of the prisoner, said there was bother nearly every Saturday night. He corroborated the evidence of the last witness. P.C. Steel said that he wept to the house of prisoner about 12 o'clock on Saturday night. On the I way down to the Police Station it took him and another officer all their time to keep prisoner from his wife. Prisoner, who made his 15th appearance, was sent to prison for three months with hard labour.

- - , " --- r1;:%.1) the 4 -VCOURTS ..._ ...._ _ A YOUNG OFFENDER. BOY'

===== 0002601_19120203_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
WAN rED.--HappinessiTo which nothing conduces so much as go3d health. Especially is this the cass with children. Steedman's Powders preserve a healthy state of tha constitution, and contain no poison. Always observe the EE in Steadman.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
IVOMAN'S THEFT OF CLOTHING.

At the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday, Annie Callagan was charged on remand with stealing on the 4th inst,two pairs of boots and four pairs of stockings, 2value 25. Gd. from 99, Mersey-street. The Chief Constable stated that at six o'clock on the 24th inst, the prisoner went into the shop of Mrs. A licock, 99, Mersey-streat and seemed to act in a suspicious MBEIDOT. Mrs. Allcock watched her and the prisoner offered her the Foots. Prosectitrix noticed that she had something bulky under her shawl and she found that she had concealed four pairs of stockings. Prisoner said the stockings did not belong to Mrs. A licock but that the boots might. Prisoter ,Aho caid she had had some drink at the time was rent to prison for two months. BOY SHOP-BREAKERS.

At the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday, Albert Antrobus (16) and Percy Antrobus (IP, of 70, Oldham- road, were charged with stealing a quantity of cigarettes and sweets on November 2nd and 15th from two shops in Grove-street, and Albert was also charged with stealing sweets, cigarettes and cash, to the value of 13s. on January 17th, from a shop in linutsford-road. —Arthur Tomlinson (15), 4, Old-road, was charged with receiving a quantity of cigarettes and sweets knowing them to have been stolen.—All the three pleaded guilty.—The Chief Constable stated that the police had made the charge, ono of simple larceny instead of shop-breaking. The earliest date on which the elder boy commenced that career was November 2nd, and there was no doubt that he had led the other two astray. They appeared to have been getting up early in the morning and going into the shops and going back to bed again. Two or three cases of shops being broken into had occurred in a week. The elder prisoner seemed to have done the major portion of breaking into the shops. Tile parents had no know- ledge of the thefts. The lads were placed under probation for twelve months.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Borough Police Court.

MoNDAY.—Refore the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Messrs. S. Wright, G. Pilling, James Evans, T. Locher, NV. Furness, H. Thornton, and W. Roberta.

ALLEGED ASSAULT.—James Phillips, 84, Church street, Widnes, vas charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Parker-street, and also with assaulting George Gilks, on Bank Quay Station on Saturday. Prisoner, who said he had not been drunk before, was discharged.

YOUTHFUL DRUNHS.—At the same court a young man named Patrick McLoughlin, 2, Rylands Court. was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in Bank street, on Saturday. During the hearing of the elle Mr. W. Roberts one of the magistiates, said he would like to know where young men gdt their drink from. If he knew he would go into the a itneEs box. Some- one served them.—Prisoner was fined ss, and costs. A VIOLENT PRISONER.—DanieI it :Nyland, of 3, Hayden's Yard, was charged with using obscene language in Brick-street, and also with assaulting P.C. Dickson. The constable stated that the prisoner used fearful language when he, with the assistance of another officer, was taking another prisoner into custody. Prisoner ran away and witness caught him in a house. Wbrn they left the house the prisoner became very violent and aicked him, and also bit his finger. Prisoner was tined ss. and costs.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr C. White (in the chair,) Messrs J. Smethurst.C. J. Hornes,and W. T. Williams. ALLEGED TllEFT.—Maggie Hornung, Manchester, was charged with stealing several pieces of imitation jewellery and a blouse, value in all 25/-, the property

of her sister Lilian Hornung. The chief con3table stated that the prisoner went to her sister's house On the 11 th January with another woman and left on the 16 th. After her departure the articles were missed and the matter was reported to the Police who recovered some of the articles. 'l'he remainder had not been found.—Prisoner was remanded for seven days. TitunsDA.v.—Before Mr .1 Pairclough (in the chair). Messrs A Jolley, W T Williams, W Roberts and pr Naden. THEFT OF COAL.—Mary Ann Isherwood (19), Prince-street, Warrington, and Fanny Ashurst (17),1 Old-road, Wallington, were charged with stealing o' Wednesday, I cat, of coal value lid., the property 01 the London and North-Western Railway Co.—DetectiVe Clarke stated that at 2.10 on Wednesday afternoon he was in company with Detective Goode on the Loll` Level Station, Bank Quay. They saw the two prisonsr! picking coal on the main line near the fog'man's signt cabin. A lad informed the prisoner's that the offices' were watching end they ran on to the road. Wbeo charged the elder prisoner raid " I would not have taken it if my mother had not been ill." In answer tO the chairman the officer kaid the prisoners were ir),.t dangerous place, because it was on the main prisoners were discharged with a caution. WOMAN STEALS Hot, ALE.—Elizabeth Lavin. 24, Portland-street, was charged a ith stealing from the her of the Glassmaker's Arms that morning, three bottlee of hop ale, the property of Richard Robinson.—Prisoner 06 pleaded guilty. The Chief Constable stated that, about 8-5 that morning the licensee of the Glassmaker Arms heard someone knocking about in the bar. ll° went there and saw the prisoner on the point of leaving He] thought she had something under her coat, and 0,0 looking found the three bottles. The prisoner admitte° the offence straight away and asked to be excuted. The landlord having had previous experience of thefts, gay her into custody.—Prisoner was rent to prison Or three month.f.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
A DERBYSHIRE WONDER. Eight Dcctors and Hospital Declared Little Girl Incurable from Spinal Paralysis. NOW RUNS ABOUT ALL DAY.

Mr. J. Austin, 32 Albert Road, Long Eaton, write 9 1 " Dr. Cassell's Tablets for Weak and Nervous PeoPle have done for my child what eight doctors and 14 hospital could not do. She was vely nervous fron, baby, and a year ago developed paralysis, being una.ble, to walk, and after five weeks' treatment in hosplta' was turned out incurable. I was in despair, ho hearing of many rental krble cures by Dr. Cassell a Tablets, I tried them. In a month she could moce about, and gained strength daily, and now she I'ol4 ab3ut all day long. Everybody is surprised at tb,e wonderful results, and can hardly believe it, but tblo is a genuine cure, and we thank Dr. Cassell's Tablet 4 alone for it." Dr. Cassell's Tablets for Weak 110 Nervous People are a revelation to those sufferl from nerve and organic weakness, digestive f.n kidney troubles, aml all diseases arising from physica, debility in children or adults. Price 101 d., Is. I and 2s. 9,1. at all chemists. A free sample box se" on receipt of 2d. for postage, etc., to Dr. Cassell's Co, Ltd., King se., W., Manchester.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS COUNTRY RUNNING.

On Saturday last the senior section of the Warringtoo A.C. had a nine mile spin over a two lap course. strong pace was maintained throughout and the iliiiori was in the following order ;-1, F Antrobug Holbrook ; 3, A Siddall ; 4, J Parsonage ; 5, 'V Ttirtoll; 6, W Antrobus. C Vase covered about six miles at 89., even pace and will probably have recovered his form I), the time the" Northern" comes round. . The Junior Section visited Runcorn and raced vcitli the Tally Ho Club over 73 miles of frozen countff which provided a. rather severe trial, with the followiog result : wAnnINGTON AC. RUNCOIIII. Points. roinifr 1' Shadwell 4 T Rowlinson S Holbrook E Scott 6 E Thomas lo J Livesey 7 A Farrell W Litherland ...--

L ANC ASH IRE CHAMPIONSHIPS. By the kind permission of Lord Derby (starter) 1;1° above take pla2e at Knowsley Park this afternoon, al keen racing is anticipated. Sixteen teams have enters,, for the Junior Race (about 7 miles) for the " Courier and "Express " Trophy, start at 3 p.m. For teal honours Lancaster Park, Runcorn, Ravenhead so , Wallasey A C are the fancies of the critics. Ryland?„ W R C Harriers will be represented by A Whitmore, Harding, F Brookes, CI Woods, J Warburton,J Thornilelt E A Burton' W Brookes, .1 Eckersley, Harold Holorooll; reserves, H Welsby and G Hollington, who travel by the, 12 50 p in train from Central Station and by electric 03 from Liverpool to Prescot. Warrington A.C. have selected J Battersby,A Gregeol:, J Hands, S Holbrook, \V Litherland, J LiveseY,,S, Rowlinson, F Shadwell, E Scott and W Thorniley 12 Bennett, W J Bradbury, 0 \V Hunt, H Hough an' W Walters as reserves and notwithstanding the adverse opinion of the oritics will provide a stern struggle f°' the opposition. For the senior race (about itruile% starting at 4 p.m. Warrington have selected F Antrobo„. W Antrobus, W Bolton, J Ditchfleld, H Holbrook, 11 Jepson, J Parsonage, A Siddall, T Turton and C \rot and hope to retaia possession of the Rudge NVhitworll' CUP. Warrington travel by 'buses, starting from the gates, Saukey-street at 1 p.m. and are looking forwar' to a pleasant and successfnl outing.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
ECZEMA WITH ULCERS AND BOIa

" I was affected with eczema on the inside or leg, I think about four years. It started as a lttt red itchy spot. 1 did not heed it much, till it begl to spread. Ulcers started, with pain, then Ncl',.l itching. A bad leg it was, from the shin-bone are°a". to the inside of the leg, scaly, wet, itchy, Bernell:l°i dry, with foul boil and pimples, at times 'very painfll'' I tried a lot of cures but it got worse. ." Then I got some Cuticura Soap and Cuticall Ointment. The spot affected, by the time I got small box of Cuticura Ointment, was as big as hand, but by the time the box was empty the was healed. I washed with the Cuticura Soap. apP -j ing the Cuticura Ointment every night, on the affecte 15:1 part and all around it. Now my leg is complete cured through the use of the Cuticura Soap Oily Ointment. All the stuff I applied before getting Cuticura Soap and Ointment failed. That le.lp bothered me for four years and is now healed tballli to the Cuticura. Skin and Ointment, and I strong )0' recommend thorn to all, The itch and Emu f and Fcalej are gone, and I have had no further trouble, I thought my leg incurable." (Signed) James Del_l7,a" Pretoria Place, Kirkford, Cowdenheath, Fife, • July 15, 1911. Cuticura Soap and Ointment are sold by cherois!: everywhere. A sample of each with 32-p. book fr', ' from nearest depot : F. Newbery & Sons, '7, ChartcfS house Sq., London : R. Towns & Co., Sydney, N•S'lp,' Lennon, Ltd., Cape Town ; Muller, Maclean Calcutta and Bombay ; Potter, D. & C. Corp., props , Boston, U.S.A.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
1

CANNES MEMORIAL TO KING EDWARD. We give above a picture of the magnificent statue of King Edward VII., Which is shortly to be unveiled at Cannes, the resort which owes so much of its popularity to his late Majesty. The King is represented as a yachtsman, While bas reliefs at the base depict the regatta and the battle of flowers. When Prince of Wales the late King often took part in the regattas with his Yacht "Britannia."

PICTURES OF THE WEEK. py -71 k , • • • • ' -.-- • k• 41‘, . , • - • 4:: • - , 48xek,,t ' „ • Vjg ,N • I • •••• • I • I ' • ••• • •.. •

===== 0002601_19120203_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
'GEN MARY'S GIFT TO WORKING GIRLS.

-v7r.tl

Barn House, :astable, which, at the Queen's desire, was purchased as a holiday home for working girls out of the funds subscribed to Her Majesty by the Marys of the Empire. The house has been thoroughly overhauled, and will be ready to receive its first party of guests at the beginning of April.

• ANTIQUARIAN CHAPTERS 3 MARRIAGE CURIOSITIES.

SOCIAL SIDE-LIGHTS FROM PARISH REGISTERS.

Mr. T. P. O'Connor described the other day the fate which usually overtakes the enthusiast. He was writing in his "weekly" upon Napoleon. The subject grew from great to greater, and article followed article as the weeks rolled by. A postcard brought the crash. Two words carried into the office the verdict of a suffering public: " D—n Napoleon." The same risk hangs over us as we resume upon Parish Registers. But the subject is Marriage, and we venture.

.. . • . '. ' ~,,.:•••1:2:k....„t ‘., i •,.. .30'.2'",:,°. ' .04-.).'''''',1111;;;E1:C.!'",.,::.,, • . , -...,:::-.:: . ... ''' . ' 'l4. ••14: .. $,,.1.4, . . ' :....i,. ~........, , ....::::'...:..:'::). ''. . .''.1..".'.. ..:,',''',.• ...,40114%.4. -i ;,., :::. -,k.,i,..% t.,-,?,„z.._ .:,,,, .....,.1:-. ~...;:.,',....„.,.......,...,- .........;.....:::'... ... ' ' ••••• :::?•" ' .o***4ss-701!-,A...','.....*.,:0,,,,,..t.,,,,,. ...,„,.< '-P,..,.........z,,, . ..,,,,..„,.... ..„.,..,... , I ',:::. , - :. 4......-?,; ~:•?,..r,ar.,i,gv.:f.::-.::::•?:....5v:i'..:::0.4g':i.55:;;i:,:.37'.1.,,,‘ •,4*.:,...4§1.1:?.,,,,,f4.;.'-':''.'::::•:;--,("::::i..:.-:-.::..:.. -::.,.".',•...::i: g.":;:,;:..!:.:5..i..;.:.:!.....:,..:0.;;;:::,.....,..X:At.W.5;3.'!!y".:::::::',:5i......,.'3.-V• '.*ltSs.-,z;.=.'.-,i,;.-1::,;:ik-thg;•••.:•:•.,,i§......i':U.':.-, -' •::::.:•:".....:',,-...-.*:'•:::-:.;i":. '.'"••••,•:',:%:E•,.......',..6,::'-v--:;-:-.'•:::*"-••••••*:'fil'.::::'..,:',,-,,<.:;;;••-f.i•:.;::.,..i.K.,:li:tei'-'0i:::R4Vg.:..n.V.:f'to..,.:Az.:...-::,''.7.:1'::.i:..4.4:eg.i4 '.-:::::0.!:',:•,....,...:.!:•,:::::.,.v.. ..,,--', nj,:',-z..lfireillf.,,ic*****C-gr:',..;•:::•:•;5:,''....gii.,',.,::,':'.i).'..;:',.7.:.;.';',i.3,-,....40.?,*, •-..*,'-", .5,.,:-•"::,,'::'''?,'.•:•.:',411,C1.p.z:::::,;14101.;:11ii;!e1.4:::0,:tti,..hi;•;:;iF14";.ii.:Nicva*?ti.,:.:,...,...k4;:0-0.,;; f:•••• - '." r .... ' ''."': •••:-.-.. t• '..)::: .::;,:.;..;;;',.:..:'•.'•.::........;.,.:.:.::::.::-....!.z.:...::•:...,..",..1'1t3K...ti:g0, ‘ .:.....‘,..Uie,::.-;•f.'.4:?.:-....-j.:.:'.q...':::i•Y: .-..:;,•.:.i.Z:::,-..:.i. :li, ..,....,,..-..;i3,:,,.. .:,....:::::. . •,1,4.,E.i.) 1 • ...c..-.......„. -..!:1t,,,..:?;!:zi.::..m.E..i::::.....i.,4.,-,,ii:,:,.„....i.......;;;•At....?,'.?;:',..,.,...:2:"1:•;P:15.:,!fi5:9::,:i....:.:v1er.5'W ..'.... :;7 '...: `...xi00.4.,VA1.....,:.'i :L. '......,...—;::::-. ' ,:/,';A:',.-i:5r...4..1.?.:A.i'i'rzi:i',...:•:;;;,...0.;,"41.' :if.::4w]i:';'..;.'''1.•,..,.,:;.'-',,,....!:.;',..:;.:.' . -.1:•.• :,...*°, :- ':.-- ..,itt.f.111..01,...jk.::,.....:•,,,•(, ;•.:''.' '..,.:...:1:i.V.':.1::;.:i.41:']::i.:...1i,-T:1,,..'.,::'.i:,k,..:•:-',1V:f.q'..:*:,..-,;.-.,..,....,,.--.,-4,,.,,,..-.. ..,'... , '..,,.f..':, ',§1..''''.'":2:.•:.M.:1,.5:i1:A.,,:.:.0.:...,!•-•.: :•.:i'Ali '....`..;i':'.::&ii'at,..Z1.!?,.i,::.t 1';:4';'.t,',...;k::...::,......:',...;,? .. l'. '';',...'-',.•;...;;1:.; , ',', ''..; a:',.,..':;',.::;;.; i?.:::,,, , .!;?.....'$ ;'%i:,...::',..'i,;';',.,''''' ' :':::"..:,* ''..'4::;;,:'•:::;.' .i : ''''..'*'?..-:'.‘ f',4" ' ' il'Z''...n.','-...,:;,'''.!:i":.:',*i.i'-''' Z:';)''''i::'...l. :(::'..,i. i'§',:is,',.. ::,;:if:',:::.::::':','.. '''''.:;'',%. ' . gk;f:).'.l'''.... .i''', ...1' ....°;.;:... ..:,::::::.:L.:: - .z.'';'.....;'..,....,...m..--, ...!'t....',.3.!.:.2.:'..at,,,.01ri.1...,,....-;,,.',...'..-:•;;4::;%.0..:.:f0tcgT,';f.';4•::'-..:.::a-..,':?: . . . "-.',...-: '. •••,*-..:..•• ::::i....: ............-:......::,..0...'-::._.- •A1...1..:.:‘,:•...f..-44,, ....,_....1r,i4::i7,,,,,.:74:::,:,41*.::'...''''''...."`:P.!...:.1".::44kii5Ata • ..-: ....... ' : .....";•::i,.:fi:'.'....i.:::;.:;.]:.:.-zi:::;t:...,:."..Aer.' s';'[.':::: ..,',...:;!:'.i.,t;10'.!::M.R.',..'....1v4ii...............:....,,ifir!..-..:: ..'0'..,-.:',',.;;;.:.6:1.::i4b.:,:.,.;;::•:.t.6.W.-..47;!.*:;.e..i..ftv.,,m'A.1ti:'..t.;•01.-.'t.i....g..1.1,:::01,74."..114'...:.:':';:::1V:Z:iiirj*giii.:4'i1.iiM.... ;e5k.5.45.,..'...,.-.......•.....7,..,•.::ti:.....;"..:::,..,:.g.,...,:4..,#:.,...!,?.,::,,,...:-:..,,,;:.::::...:-.,.....; -..:. '......:,..:]i.'''''''',.....-iiit::::(:::.• .....,":.,;.:',.?.;.....;:.:.::',.::. .-..t.- ".::...?:...;-......<:..A.v.. '40f1:.R....iat1,.....'.' .1.;... '''''''''.7.•.:::....1;:..:...;;,..:....:.;.4.=a-5.›....,,,,,... ._ . QU

===== 0002601_19120203_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLF.

WARRINGTON. 1300EY COMPETITION. FIRST DIVISION. W' DUtt II" 2 down . Wood .14 ~Voip ys 7 down •-•ePheerd . 9 down 9 down J. Bibby '' 11:down a. Clark r son W. Richa d SECOND DIVISION. 7 down 8 down J. Pairolough 12 dogn

Mess E.IRAI RECOGNISES LABOR. _ tbirtai re. AVllkinson and Riddell, wholesale drapers of ont:ghanl, no Wednesday decided that the Eurp.lus Llover .£31,000 should be divided between mem- oof tee staff and ordinary shareholders. tie,„rd,l'eurhyn has intimated to all his tenants in reninaula carnarvonshire, that he intends offer- I,coe whold of the prcprrty for rale. by tk right-of-way " at Enckhaven has been blceked Nonh British Railway Company lately, but the t.ret cedes erected have been pulled down and smashed / day during the past week.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
PUTTING UP THE BANNS.

If long usage can -ma-e- a thing familar "Putting up the Banns" is a familiar pro- cess in England. For seven centuries at least it has been the law of the Church that no marriage can be contracted "without banns thrice published in the Church." Such was the law as early as A.D. 1200. The word Banns is Anglo-Saxon for Proclamation, and a later rule decreed that the times of declaration should be on "Lord's day or festivals distant from each other."

===== 0002601_19120203_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
" CLOSE " SEASONS.

The " Askings " could be made at any time, but not so the marriage In earlier days the Church had its close seasons, if we may so use the word, and forbade marriages under pains and penalties.

The first forbidden season was, of course, Lent, fixed as early as A.D. 365 at the Council of Laodicea. Two other seasons were afterwards stated, but the Council of Trent deleted them, keeping only Advent and Lent. The Church in England seems curiously to have followed the older usage and held to three close seasons.

lhese will be best understood of the average reader if we state them in the rhyming language written by the Vicar of Everton in his register. Advent marriage doth deny But Hilary gives thee liberty. Septuagesima says thee nay, Eight days from Easter says you may. R,igation bids thee to contain But Trinity sets thee free again. And there is another quaint verse in the Beverley Register under date 1641 which also states the old rule : When Advent comes do thou refraine Till Hilary sett ye free againe ; Next Septuagesima saith tbe nay ; But when Low Sunday comes thou may, Yet at Rogation thou must tarrie Till Trinitie shall bid thee mary.

The singular thing is that England alone in Western Christendom adopted the period before Pentecost as a forbidden season.

Nor could marriage take place save during the forenoon, the hours between eight and twelve being duly decreed. This rule arose from the fact that the Nuptial Mass formed part of the ceremonial and Mass could only be said in the morning. Under this rule we hai to manage until the new law of 1888. Marriages are generally entered in the old Registers with great care. Whatever slovenliness there may be in the entries of baptisms and burials, the marriages are recorded with great regularity. We perhaps owe this to the fact that they would be written in the t presence of the contracting parties who,with future possibilities in mind, would see that a true record was made.

But strange to say, in the old registers the ages of the man and woman are very seldom given. This is the more curious seeing that the Church has always been careful to define the age at which marriage can take place. In the Middle Ages infancy was supposed -to end at seven years and children could then give consent for espousals, but espousal was not actual marriage and the contract could only be completed when the youth had reached 14 and the maiden the age of 12. This held until the reign of George 11. when the age was fixed at 21 for each sex, though with the consent of parents an earlier age was allowed.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
A WEDDING EXTRAORDINARY.

Child marriage and the reasons lying behind them have been mentioned too often in this column to afford novelty to our readers, and in our search for the unusual we may pass to records of another kind. Here is a long ently—which was surely justified under the circumstances—from a register at Leicester under date February 15th, 1576. Thomas Tibye and Ursula Russel were maryed ; and because the earl° Thomas was and is naturally deafe and also dumb°, so that the order of the form of marriage used usually among others, which can heare and speake,could not for his parte be observed. The said Thomas, for the expressing of his mind irts'ead cf words, of his own accord used these sigrs ; first he embraced her with his arms, ard took her by the band, putt a ring upon her finger, and laydo his hande upon his heart, and then upon her heartet and held up his handes toe ard heaven. And to I show his continuance to dwell with her to his lyves ende,he did it by closing of his eyes with his "'armies and digging out of the earth with his fcote and pulling° as though lie would ring a bell, with diverse other signs. Everyone will agree that " the said Thomas " explained himself very well. Another case in London is recorded a few years later and left the minister so nervous that he consulted the Lord Chief Justice as to its legality. He wrote in the register that the man took the Book of Common Prayer and his license in one band and his bride in the other . . . and made the best signs he could to show that he was willing to be married.

The rector wrote a long description and concluded "This marriage is set down at large because we never had the like before."

MARRIAGE CURIOSITIES.

Of what may be called, for convenience, wedding curiosities, the Registers of England show many excellent examples, the record being held in all probability by the old village of Dudbrook in Essex. Here a slab sets forth that . _

----Robert Hogan was the husband of seven wives successively. Merciful indeed to his memory to add that last word 1

But he was sufficiently besbed by Mary Blewitt of whom the parish register says when she was buried.

Mary Blewitt, ye wife of nine husbands successively, buried eight of yin, but last of all ye woman dy'd and was buried May 7th, 1681. Note. - This was her funeral text. Again that merciful word "successively.'' But did the parson forbear a smile when he read as text "Last of all the woman died also." -

For sheer curiosity this last quoted entry probably holds the first place, but in its power to amaze and stupify one from the register at Sheldon surely stands supreme. 6th January, 1753. The Man was 14_ years of ago. _ . _ _

Marry'd Cornelius_ White and Ellen Dale,

of Sheldon. The woman 70.

A Derby antiquarian was so sceptical con- cerning this record that he looked up the "Derby Mercury "of the period. He found

there an account of the wedding which showed the bride to be a widow and a gentle- woman. She was so incapable, from a variety of disorders, as to be unable to walk to church and was carried there in her chair. At a dance which followed the wedding feast she called for her crutches, commanded her husband to dance and shuffled herself as well as she could. But she was so infirm that death overtook her within a few days and the monthly news sheet which described the wedding described her funeral. The newspaper gives no hint of the family plot that surely must have been behind this amazing marriage. ROMANCE READY MADE.

Of the raw material of romance there is a certain amount in every register. We will copy a record just as it stands in the parish book of Bermondsey. 1604 August. The forme of a solemn vowe made betwixt a man and his wife; the man bavinge bene long absent, through which occasion tie woman being married to another man, took her again as followeth. The man's speech— Elizabeth, my beloved wife, I am right sorie that I have so long absented mysealfe from thee, whereby thou shouldst bo occasioned to take another man to thy husband. Therefore I do Pow vowe and promise in the sight of God and this companie, to take the again as my cune ; and will not onley forgive thee, but also dwell with thee, and doe all other duties unto thee as I promised at our marriage. The womat.'s speech—Ralph my beloved husband, I am right ecrie that I have in thy al,sence taken another man t be my husband ; but here, before God and this compauie, I do ren-unce and forsake him, and do promiee to keep mysealfe only usto thee during life, aid to per- form all duties which I first promised unto thee in marriage. A TWICE-MARRIED COUPLE.

Halifax has a much more remarkable story to tell and the register shows accounts of a woman being twice married to the same man. It is comparatively modern history and is surely without parallel. On the Ist of October 1827, Samuel Lumb was married to Mrs. Rachael Heap. She had been previously married to a soldier who was supposed to be dead. Mr. Lumb and his wife lived together in Halifax and had three children. But after a few years her first husband returned alive and well, and claimed his wife. It was a difficult situation, and Mr. Lumb met it by offering to buy his wife from her true husband The bargain was made and was ratified in public, the woman being placed in a halter and delivered from one man to the other at Halifax Cross. The death of Mr. Heap made it possible to make a legal mirriage, and twenty-five years after the first wedding, a second one was solemnized.

As though this silver wedding celebration were not sufficiently curious in itself it had the • added novelty that the bridegroom's grandson gave away the bride, for Mr. Lumb had been previously married and had a grandson old enough to give away his bride.

SMOCK AND SHIFT MARRIAGES. The most pitiful of all marriage customs and the one most likely to jar upon our modern instincts is that which allowed women to be married in a state of practical nakedness. A stupid and vulgar error which held the public mind for several centuries was to the effect that a man was not liable for a woman's debts provided ho married her in no clothing save a smock or shift. Such marriages were common and a description of one of the year 1774 at Saddle- worth will be the best illustration of an extraordinary custom. On Tuesday sen'night was married Abraham Brooks a widower, cf about 30 years of age to Mary Brodley a widow of near 70 but as the bride was a little in debt the Bridegroom obliged her to be married with her shift, and the weather being very severe ti-row her into such a violent fit of shaking as induced the compassionate minister to cover her with his coat whilst the marriage was solemni-ed. Samuel Sttaies, curate. One is grateful to Samuel Stones, but the marvel is that the clergy would tolerate any- thing so unseemly. Two entries of widely differing dates may be quoted as describing smock weddings. 1547, August 4. Here was wedded early in the morning Thomas Munslow, smith, and Alice Nycols, which wedded to him in her smock and bareheaded. 1714. John Bridmore and Anne Selwood were married October 17th. The aforesaid Anne Selwood was married in her smock and without any clothes or headgier on. "Headgier " certainly is not missing from modern weddings. But whence came the idea that the semi- nakedness of the bride saved the bridegroom from debt-claims? Our own reading has not supplied a clue.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
A.M. PERFECT HEALING AT LAST!

Zam-Buk Alone Can Destroy and Prevent

Skin Disease.

One noteworthy fact of today is the stupendous and widespread benefit being derived from Zam-Buk. This wonderful healer has solved the problem of expelling skin disease, and of naturally and quickly healing naked wounds. The great feature or Zam-Buk is its unique corn- positien. This composition was only determined after painstaking research and costly experiments. The manufacture of Zam-Buk embraces so many compli- cated processes and valuable ingredients th it only the enormous demand for Zam-Buk renders it possible to produce it at a price within the reach of the modest purse. Zam-Buk contains certain valuable herbal extracts which are first cleverly refined and brought together and then blended by a secret process. Being wonder fully refined, this pure balm is more easily absorbed by the tiny pores in the skin. Moreover, Zam-Buk always maintains the same high standard of healing efficiency, and you can always depend upon it to d,r the same good to you that it has done to others. Zam- Buk quickly soothes and purifies a wound or sore. It renews the damaged flesh tissues', makes them impregnable to disease-spreading germs, keeping at bay eczema, ulcers, blood-poison, ringworm, piles, and obstinate skin trouble.

Most so-called healing preparations are either too coarse for the skin to absorb any part of them, with the result that they cannot dispel disease, or their mineral ingredients have a positively harmful effect. Generally, also, these ointments are composed largely of animal fat, which makes them turn rancid and unusable ; in fact, there is no cheap salve with decent keeping properties. Consequently, cheap ointments and common salves are being rapidly discarded in favour of Zarn-Buk, not only co account of the latter's remarkable healing, but also because of the complete absence from Zam-Buk of any rancid animal fats and coarse mineral drugs. Thanks to this latest scientific discovery, more healing, soothing. and antiseptic power is now concentrated in a single box of Zarn-Elnk than.ean be found in a ton of common ointment. The real secret of Zam-Buk has never been dis- closed, and nothing can be made which will do the same miraculous healing, or which will so surely prevent wounds taking" bad ways." ' Don't experiment, therefore, with cheap and home- made ointments and salves. Pin your faith to Zam- BO:, for which the rarest herbs and most wonderful scientific processes are required and used. Zam-Buk is never hawked from door to door, and is obtainable from chemists only in sealed packages, at either Is. 14., 2s. 9d., or 4s. 6d. Beware of useless imitations.

SHOT DEAD AT Burrs. During rifle practice at the Curragh Camp rifle butts on Wednesday, Private Albert Percy Burton, of the sth Dragoon Guards, was shot dead. The men, it appears, were supposed to be firing with dummy cartridges at a disc held op by Burton, but in some way the live cartridges became mixed with the dummies, with the result that a bullet pierced the brain of the unfortunate

By Philip Snowden, M.P. THE LABOUR PARTY CONFERENCE. The Annual Conference of the Labour Party which was held in Birmingham last week was an eminently successful gathering. It was large in numbers and remarkable for its unanimity and good feeling. Those who were hoping that the differences which had shown themselves in the party during the last year particularly on the question of the Insurance Bill, would give rise to acrimoni- ous debates have been disappointed. Even on that very controversial matter there was practical unanimity, the Conference without a division 'condemning the Insurance Act as being in certain respects unjust in its burdens, unfair in its treatment of the most needy,and finally urging that the party ought to demand the abolition of contributions so as to make the measure a non-contributory one This resolution of the Labour Party Con- ference was a complete endorsement of the action of the minority of the Parliamentary party who opposed the Bill. THE FRANCHISE QUESTION. •

A very large number of questions engaged the attention of the Conference. A resolu- tion was passed declaring that no Franchise Bill would be acceptable to the Labour Party which did not include women. This means that the Labour Party in Parliament are instructed by the Conference to vote against any Government measure for giving more votes to men unless the sex disqualification now imposed by law upon women is removed This decision of the Labour Party should be a serious warning to the Government not to ignore the rights of women when drafting the Reform Bill which they have promised for the coming session. THE OSBORNE JUDGMENT.

The operation of the Osborne judgment which makes the use of trade union funds for political purposes illegal does not appear as yet to have had much effect in reducing either the income of the Labour Party or the enthusiasm of the movement for Labour Represent Won. Most of the unions against whom injunctions have been given have found some means of paying their contribu- tions to the Labour Party, and of finding the money to send their delegates to this Confer- ence. A certain amount of dissatisfaction was expressed that the Labour Party in ' Parliament had not shown more energy in demanding from the Government some legis- lation for the alteration of the present state of the law •in this matter. The determin- ation of the delegates not to sit quietly down under judge made law was shown in a resolution which was passed calling upon all trade unions affiliated to the Labour Party to defy the law until the Osborne judgment is repealed. It is not likely that the trade union officials will carry out that resolution to the extent of getting themselve§ put into prison, but it does indicate a strong determination on their part to have the law so altered that trade unions may collect and spend their funds freely on any legal object.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RECENT STRIKES.

The "industrial unrest," as it is called, naturally occupied a good deal of attention, and a number of resolutions were passed on questions arising out of it. The debate on the employment of the military in times of trade disputes showed how very deep is the ' feeling which has been aroused among the working classes by the action of the authori- ties in sending down troops into disaffected areas. Nobody could listen to the views and feelings which were expressed on this matter without being convinced that the employ- ment of troops during strikes and lockouts may do much more to excite riot than to maintain peace. The authorities would be well advised to take serious note of the temper of the working classes on this ques- tion. The resentment at the proposal to enroll special constables for service during disputes was hardly less emphatic than the protest against the use of troops. THE GENERAL STRIKE.

There was very little evidence in the Con- ference that the delegates were imbued with the ideas of the Syndicalists on the question of a general strike. It is true that there was a unanimous opinion that in no circumstances must the right of the workers to strike be taken away from them or in any way impaired. But there was an utter absence of that idea which is being promulgated in some quarters that the strike must be the great weapon of emancipation. It was the opinion rather that the strike is a regrettable necessity, but not a means to be either admired or desired. The faith of the Confer- ence was rather in the peaceful ways of political action. Only in one resolution did the Conference give even an indirect encouragement to the idea of a general strike, and that was in the very exceptional circum- stance of a war. It was resolved that the Executive of the Party should consider and report on whether and how tar a stoppage of work in countries about to engage in war would be effective in preventing the out- break of hostilities. This resolution met with considerable opposition, but it was ultimately passed on the understanding that it did not commit the party to more than an enquiry into the matter. THE DAILY PAPER.

The Conference gave its hearty and unani- mous support to the proposal to establish a daily paper in the interests of the Labour movement. This is the biggest business proposition over made by the working class movement in Great Britain. A company is to be formed with a nominal capital of £150,000. It was announced that a sum of about £60,000 has been promised already before the prospectus has been issued. There ought to be enough support in the country to run a daily Labour paper successfully, but if that should happen it will be the first time that a journal owned and run by a party lorganisation has been made a financial success.

A PRACTICAL QUESTION. There y Con- ference unanimous wwi ta hs ount e derebasoteluatinodn pbays as e b vote which might very well have received more 'detailed consideration. That was a resolution urging the Labour Party in and out of Parliament to press for the nationalisa- tion of th4l Railways, Canals, and Mines. It is very little use such resolutions being passed unless they are acted upon. There never was a time when an agitation for these reforms was so favourable as it is at present. The labour troubles in the coal trade and on the railways have convinced a good many people of all classes that it is desirable that these great public services should be under public control. It is to be hoped that the Labour Party resolution will not be forgot ton. There ought to be a strong agitation for these reforms now as an alternative to the use of the strike to get decent labour conditions. THE GOOD RELATIONS. Of course the usual hardy aunuals were passed, such as resolutions on the Right to , Work, Unemploymenr, Education, Labour

===== 0002601_19120203_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
"GOODALLS"

DECORATIONS CARPETS CURTAINS FURNITURE

KING STREET, MANCHESTER.

Exchanges, and the like, but the value and impressiveness of the Conference was in emphatic views it expressed on questions of immediate practical importance. The Con- ference, in my opinion, made a few Mistakes, particularly in its decision on the question of contributions, but on the whole it was the most hearty and harmonious Conference of the Labour Party yet held. The relations between the two sections of the party—the trade unionists and the Socialists—are friendly and sympathetic as was shown, to take one instance only, by the reception which was given by both sections to the Secretary of the German Social Democratic Party who was a fraternal visitor to the Conference. As a further instance of how things are moving it may be mentioned that Mr. Arthur Henderson, who is fond of des- cribing himself as an old fashioned trade unionist, was appointed Secretary of the British Section of the International Socialist Bureau. The trade unionist and the Socialist movements on the continent are practically one and the same thing, and the tendency towards a similar indentity is more marked in this country than seemed likely to come about a few years back.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
iCHILDREN'S CORNER, Conducted by UNCLE CALEB.

e'1...',%d '

THIS WEEK'S STORY.

When students sit for which is called their Arts Examination they are questioned with a view to ascertaining their general informa- tion. In this "general information "exami- nation some very curious questions are asked and the students are often very sorely tried. Lately the examiner put down the ques- tion "If Oliver Cromwell were living what would be his opinion of Tariff Reform 9" It was a poser. But a bright idea occurred to the student, and he wrote : "If Oliver Cromwell were living he would be much too old to take any interest in the subject."

THE DIFFERENCE.

Eight fingers, Ten toes, Two eyes, And one n. se, Baby said, When she Emelt the rcse, "Oh, what a pity I've only one nose." Twelve teeth In even rows Lots of dimples, And one nrse. Baby said, When she smelt the snuff, " Deane me ! One is enough." A BEAVER'S DAY'S WORK.

I suppose all my nephews and nieces have read something about the beaver and his splendid teeth. He can cut down big trees by eating through them, and can then divide them up and place them just where he wants them to make a home or to form a dam across a stream. Not long ago at the Zoological Gardens they allowed a young beaver to attack a tree growing in the Park and watched him to see how rapidly he could work. The tree trunk was 12 feetdong and ten inches thick. This is what happened. It was just 12 o'clock when the beaver was let loose and he began by taking off the bark from the bottom of the tree about a foot above ground. That done he attacked the wood. He worked hard, alternating his labor with dips in his bathing .pond. He bathed and labored alternately until 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when he ate his supper of bread and carrots and paddled about in his pond until half- past 5 o'clock.

Ten minutes later, when only one inch of the tree's diameter remained intact, he bore upon his work and the tree fell. Before it fell the beaver ran as men run when they have fired a blast. Then as the tree lay on the ground, he portioned it out mentally, and again began to gnaw. He worked at intervals all night, cut the log into three parts, rolled two of the portions into the water and reserved the other third for his permanent shelter. The work done he took a bath. He had cut down a tree and divided it into three short logs in much less than 25 hours. And all with his teeth.

BUSINESS OUTLOOK IN WESTERN CANADA.—The out outlook of general business in Cunada for 1912 is bright throughout the whole of the four Western Provinces. With the combined forces of Euch far-reaching adver- tising campaigns as those outlined by the Dominion Government, the big railway corporations, the provincial governments, cities, towns and districts all working for population, industry and capital, favour- able results are bound to ensue. A keen interact is being displayed for the control of the home market 137 home industries throughout tha land, and with this patriotic desire for the purchase of Canadian goods— tne product of Canadian labour and resources—Western Canada will receive a goodly share of the general development in 1912.

Compare the quan- tity and quality of Provost Porridge with porridge prepared from any other oats.

The infinite superiority of Provost Porridge will be so obvious to you that the test will result in our obtaining your life-long custom.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Provost &-etth •:lats

are the pick of the best Oats that Scotland's fertile farms can produce.

Look for the word PROVOST CM the packet--and firmly decline all imitatiena.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
. , -- - , The Examiner, Saturday, February 3 1912. 9 _ .... 0 0w•%.",...e5...A....-..".,-* there an account of the wedding which ?ANTIQUARIAN CHAPTERS showaed the She brid to be a widow and a gentle- womn. wase so incapable, froma variety FROM 'COO DA LLS ~ PICTURES OF THE WEEK. C Nos•." \ "A‘rs.....NedVswe's,ev Ivo*" \ ~..W. of disorders, as to be unable to walk to church and was carried there in her chair. At a ' ' FOR N-rv......."......e-v.e.,,,,,r, MARRIAGE CURIOSITIES dance which followed the wedding feast she LABOUR S STANDPOINT. called for her ce crutches, ecommanded her e „..,,,,,,,..,,.,, DECORATIONS • husband to dan and shu ffld herself as wll • ,_ . . SOCIAL SIDE LIGHTS FROM CARPETS as she could. But she was so infirm that By Philip Snowden, M.P. death overtook her within a few days and THE LABOUR PARTY CONFERENCE. _ PARISH REGISTERS. the monthly news sheet which described The Annual Conference of the Labour _____ the wedding described her funeral. Party which was held in Birmingham last CURTAINS The newspaper gives no hint of the family week was an eminently successful gathering. FURNITURE pot that surely must have been behind this It was large in numbers and remarkable for • Mr. T. P. O' l Connor described the other day , ...„:,....„ . . the fate which usually overtakes the its unanimity and good feeling. Those who enthusiast. He was writing in his "weekly" amazing marriage. ROMANCE READY MADE. were hoping that the differences which had .., , - •:, , ,-'N , upon Napoleon. The subject grew from great •P', • •,-..-..:- -: e,,,,, Of the raw material of romance there is a shown themselves in the party during the to greater, and article followed article as the certain amount in every registhr. We will last year particularly the question of the . ''' • 44' •,z, ~, weeks rolled by. A postcard brought the copy a record just as it stands in the parish Insu onrance Bill, would give rise to acrimoni- KING STREET! -'', . • ' , .' • -' ' . crash. Two words carried into the office the book of Bermondsey ous debates have been disappointed. Even on.of a suffering public : " D—n ma 1604 Augus at. The forme of a solemn vowe on that very controversial matter there was MANCHESTER. Napole" de betwixt man and his wife ; the man , The same risk hangs over us as we resume havinge bane long absent practical unanimity the Conference without , through which occasion a division 'condemning the Insurance Act as upon Parish Registers. But the subject is ti e woman being married to another man, took , . . ueing In certainrespects unjust in itsburdens, • • t • Marriage, and we venture. her again as followeth. The man's speech— unfair in its treatment of the most needy,and Elizabeth, my beloved wife, lam right sorie that Exchanges, and the like, but the value and PUTTING UP THE BANNS. I have sa long absented mysealfe from thee, finally urging that the party ought to If long usage can make a thing familar impressiveness of the Conference was in whereby thou shouldst be occasioned to take demand the abolition of contributions so as to " Putting up the Banns "is a familiar pro- another man to thy husband. Therefore Ido make the measure a non-con rib immediate practical importance. The Con- least one emphatic views it expressed on questions of cess in England. For seven centuries at pow vowe and promise in the sight of God and Tills resolution of the Labour Party Con - least it has been the law of the Church that this companie, to take the again as my cune • ! ference was a complete endorsement of the ference, in my opinion, made a few Mistakes, . no marriage can be contracted "without and will not onley forgive thee, but also dwelt particularly in its decision on the questionaction of the minority of the Parliamentary of contributions, but on the whole it was • banns thrice published in the Church." Such with thee, and doe all other duties unto thee as I was the law as early as A.D. 1200. promised at our marriage, party who opposed the Bill, the most hearty and harmonious Conference • The word Banns is Anglo-Saxon for The woman's speech—Ralph my beloved THE FRANCHISE QUESTION, of the Labour Party yet held. The relations Proclamation, and a later rule decreed that husband, lam right Fork, that I have in thy A very large number of questions engaged between the two sections of the party—the the times of declaration should be on "Lord's al,sence taken another man t i be my husband ; the attention of the Conference. A resolu- trade unionists and the Socialists—are but here, before day or festivals distant from each other." ren-unce and forsaGod and this compataie, I doke him, and do promire to keep tion was passed declaring that no Franchise friendly and sympathetic as was shown, to " CLOSE " SEASONS. myseelfe only unto thee during life, ar,d to per- Bill would be acceptable to the Labour Party take one instance only, by the reception The " Askings " could be made at any form all duties which I first promised unto thee which did not include women. This means which was given by both sections to the time, but not so the marriage In earlier in marriage.that the Labour Party in Parliament are Secretary of the German Social Democratic instructed by the Conference to vote against Party who was a fraternal visitor to the days the Church had its close seasons, if we A TWICE-MARRIED COUPLE. any Government measure for giving more Conference. As a further instance of how under pains and penalties. may so use the word, and forbade marriages Halifax has a much more remarkable story votes to men unless the sex disqualification things are moving it may be mentioned that The first forbidden season was, of course, to tell and the register shows accounts of a woman being twice married to the same man. now imposed by law upon women is removed Mr. Arthur Henderson, who is fond of des- Lent, fixed as early as A.D. 365 at the It is comparatively modern history and is This decision of the Labour Party should be cribing himself as an old fashioned trade Council of Laodicea. Two other seasons surely without parallel. On the Ist of October a serious warning to the Government not to unionist, was appointed Secretary of the were afterwards stated, but the Council of ignore the rights of women when drafting the British Section of the International Socialist 1827, l wo Trent deleted them, keeping only Advent Samue Lumb as married t Reform Bill which they have promised for Bureau. The trade unionist and the Socialist Rachael Heap. She had been previously Mrs. ously the coming session movements on the continent are practically and Lent. The Church in England seems married to a soldier who was supposed to be * curiously to have followed the older usage dead. Mr. Lumb and his wife lived together THE OSBORNE JUDGMENT. one and the same thing, and the tendency and held to three close seasons. in Halifax and had three children. But afterr The operation of the Osborne judgment towards a similar indentity is more marked lhese will be best understood of the which makes the use of trade union funds a few years er rs ius an re urne alive f hfitl bdt dfor political purposes illegal does not appear in. this country than seemed likely to come average reader if we state them in the and well, and claimed his wife. It was a about a few years back. • -hyming language written by the Vicar of difficult situation, and Mr. Lumb met it b either as yet to ,erton in his register. offering to buy his wife from her true husband Y the income of the Labour Party or the Advent marriage doth deny enthusiasm of the movement for Labour The bargain was made and was ratified in CHILDREN'S CORNER, But Hilary gives thee liberty. Represent Won. Most of the unions against 'eptuagesima says thee nay, public, the woman being placed in a halter whom injunctions have been given have Conducted by UNCLE CALEB. don bids thee to contain -,ht days from Easter says you may. and delivered from one man to the other at Halifax Cross. The death of Mr, Heap made found some means of paying their contribu- ' t t inity sets thee free again, it possible to make a legal mirriage tons o he Labour Party, and of finding the, and THIS WEEK'S STORY. money to send their delegates to this Confer- a is another quaint verse in the twenty-five years after the first wedding a ' ence. A certain amount of dissatisfaction When students sit for which is called their 'ster under date 1641 which second one was solemnized. Arts Examination expressed that the Labour Party in they are questioned with ld rule' As though this silver wedding celebration was • a view to ascertaining their general informa- Parliament had not shown more energy in comes do then refraine were not sufficiently curious in itself it ha,d _ tion. In this " general information " exami- -e free againe ; the • added novelty that the bridegroom s demanding from the Government some legis s saith tbe nay; lation for the alteration of the present state nation some very curious questions are asked grandson gave away the bride, for Mr. Lumb lay comes thou may, of the law •in this matter. The determin_ and the students are often very sorely tried. must tarrie had been previously married and had a ation of the delegates not to sit quietly down Lately the examiner put down the ques- lice mary. grandson old enough to give away his bride. judge made law was shown in al tion under •1• "If Oliver Cromwell were living what hat England alone SMOCK AND SHIFT MARRIAGES. resolution which was passed calling upon all 'opted the period The most pitiful of all marriage customs trade unions affiliated to the Labour Party would be his opinion of Tariff Reform 9" It was a poser. But a bright idea Ti season. and the one most likely th jar upon to defy the law until the Osborne judgment" If i eight and •‘ save during our modern instincts is that whkh allowed women to be married in a state of practical is repealed. It is not likely that the trade Oliver Cromwell were living he would be occurred to the student, and he wrote: union officials will carry out that resolution rule arose nakedness. A stupid and vulgar error which to the extent of getting themselve§ put into much too old to take any interest in the subject." held the public mind for several centuries ' formed -I only THE DIFFERENCE. was to the effect that a man was not liable prison, but it does indicate a strong le we for a woman's debts provided he married her determination on their part to have the law Eight fingers, Ten toes, so altered that trade unions may collect and 188. in no clothing save a smock or shift. Two eyes, E, Such marriages were common and a spend their funds freely on any legal object. And one n- se, , description of one of the year 1774 at Saddle- THE RECENT STRIKES. Baby said, worth will be the best illustration of an The "industrial unrest," as it is called When she melt the r,se,, " • xtraordinary custom. naturally occupied a good deal of attention, On Tuesday ren'night was married Abraham and a number of resolutions were passed on I've only one Oh, what a pity" nose. Tvvelve teeth Irooks a widower, cf about 30 years of age to questions arising out of it. The debate on ry Brodley a widow of near 70 but as the bride In even rows 9 the employment of the military in times of Lots of dimples, a little in debt the Bridegroom obliged her trade disputes showed how very deep is the And one nrse. married with her shift, and the weather •1 sry severe threw her into such a violent feeling which has been aroused among the Baby said, king as induced the compassionate working classes by the action of the authori- When she smelt the snuff, ' cover her with his coat whilst the ties in sending down troops into disaffected " ODearie me ! , ne is enough." solemni-ed. Samuel StAies, curate. areas. Nobody could listen to the views and A BEAVER'S DAY'S WORK. 11 to Samuel Stones, but the feelings which were expressed on this matter I suppose all my nephews and nieces have clergy would tolerate any- without being convinced that the employ- read something about the beaver and his Two entries of widely ment of troops during strikes and lockouts splendid teeth. He can cut down big trees " quoted as describing may do much more to excite riot than to by eating through them, and can then maintain peace. The authorities would be was wedded early in the well advised to take serious note of the divide them up and place them just where w, smith, and Alice temper of the working classes on this clues- , he wants them to make a home or to form a lm in her smock and tion. The resentment at the proposal to • dam across a stream. Not long ago at the Zoological Gardens they allowed a young enroll special constables for service during b ne Selwood were eaver to attack ,a tree growing in the Park disputes was hardly less emphatic than the foresaid Anne and watched him to see how rapidly he protest against the use a troops. .-..,..,. ,'- and without could work. The tree trunk was 12 feetdong ; , THE GENERAL STRIKE. and ten inches thick. This is what-4:-. , •ng from There was very little evidence in the Con- happened. It was just 12 o'clock when the ;.'•4-,',:' ference that the delegates were imbued with beaver was let loose and he began by taking :,-.,:;•'' --,•--'- •emi- the ideas of the Syndicalists on the question off the bark from the bottom of the tree 2-`z=- -'''' - - om of a general strike. It is true that there was about a foot above ground. It a unanimous opinion that in no circumstances That done he attacked the wood. He • ',`..---'l, must the right of the workers to strike be worked bard, alternating his labor with dips •'--.4.-4.;:-.....-c, 4aken away from them or in any waY in his bathing vend. He bathed and labored -A,H-:cz,-- , 'paired. But there was an utter absence alternately until 4 o'clock in the afternoon, hat idea which is being promulgated in when he ate his supper of bread and carrots quarters that the strike must be the veapon of emanci and paddled about in his pond until half- pation. It was the past 5 o'clock. •ather that the strike is a regrettable Ten minutes later, when only one inch of but not a means to be either lesired. The faith of the Confer- the tree's diameter remained intact, he bore upon his work and the tree fell. Before it her in the peaceful ways of' Only in one resolution did fell the beaver ran as men run when they give even an indirect have fired a blast. Then as the tree lay on the ground, he portioned it out mentally, and 'he idea of a general strike, again began to gnaw. very exceptional circum- was resolved that the He worked at intervals all night, cut the should consider and log into three parts, rolled two of the portions into the water and reserved the other third 'w far a stoppage of for his permanent shelter. The work done 4o engage in war he took a bath. nting the out- He had cut down a tree and divided it into esolution met three short logs in much less than 25 hours. but it was And all with his teeth. 'tiding that • a than an n —USINFSS OUTLOOK IN WESTERN CANADA.—The Out outlook of general business in Cunada for 1912 is bright throughout the whole of the four Western Provinces. With the combined forces of such far-reaching adver- -111- tising campaigns as those outlined by the Dominion •, a Government, the big railway corporations, the provincial governments, cities, towns and districts all working for population, industry and capital, favour- able results are bound to ensue. A keen interest is sing displayed for the control of the home market li7 me industries throughout tha land, and with this ;otio desire for the purchase of Canadian goods- -oduct of Canadian labour and resources—Western wilt receive a goodly share of the general ,ent in 1912. 'ompare the quan- • and quality of lst Porridge with -e prepared , other oats. 'ority of Provost lbvious to you suit in our g custom. Vill i lok

===== 0002601_19120203_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, Februry 3, 1912

all tne 'rest or his nre no had been only kr-tst- ing. But since his lips had touched the pure flesh ones of the girl he loved, life itself had entered into his veins, and was filling them with the quicksilver of youth. As his fingers touched the small case in the inner pocket of his coat h.Zs face flushed with the knowledge that soon he would be placing the ring it contained upon her finger, thus publicly claiming her as his own. Already the evening papers held the brief report of their engagement. And soon all the world would know it, and envy him. When he arrived he was shown into the drawing-ruoia. His pulses were throbbing with happiness, his whole being wnis strung to a high pitch of gratified pride aid love.

must love' the highest when we see it," he quoted, answering the first part of her speech, "but you need have no fear, Aunt Mary," calling her by the name she loved from him. "I am not such a fool as to try and pit my- self against a man like Clifford Hawke, whose face, by the way, seems oddly familiar to me. Is he English?" "I think so. .Anyway, Jaspar, I am glad you .are sensible," Lady Mary went on in a relieved tone. "I will certainly bring Stella with me on Sunday if she can come, only Fm afraid the fiancé will have to be asked as well. But I must look out for a nice girl for you; it's time you fell in love, too." A bitter look shot across the strong., thoughtful face. "I have no time for Louth"' he said shortly. "You forget, Aunt Mary, that I have a quest that must come before everything." ' n you are still looking for that man?" she answered. "I hoped you had given it up." "While the man who broke my sister's heart is still alive I can never give up the search," Jaspar said in a low voice. "Though it happened twenty years ago, when I was a child, I took the quest on from my father. The man who married Alys and deserted her and her child in London, must be proved to be dead before I throw up my search." "But what clue have you?" Lady Mary said. "If he married her in Australia it might have been under an assumed name, as he intended to desert her in London."

with clouds so roseate and prophetic of joy to come. He greeted Isobel Frant with an eagerness that had it not been for her know- ledge concerning the engagement would have., perhaps kept her longer in the fool's para- dise her fancy had been building. But her hard, handsome face flushed slightly as she said:—

"I didn't expect to have to congratulate you on your engagement to my cousin, Mr. Hawke! It me do so, though, very heartily." "Thank you Miss Frant," he replied, then hie eyes wandered involuntarily to the door. A throb of envy shot through Isobel Frant. She, in all the superb radiance of the amber velvet gown she was wearing, might not have existed so far am the man before her was concerned. Yet she knew that the des• perate pain .of jealousy had made her surpass• herself that evening, and that her dark glow- ing beauty had never looked so perfect. When they were in the motor on their way to Lady Mary Stainer's' Clifford Hawke, glancing at the lovely profile of his fiancée, was sure of his power to kindle the flame of love in her. He laid his hand on hers, glad .of the few momenta' privacy the drive to Cadogan - gardens was giving them. Mr. Traine and Miss Frant were following them in another motor.

"Yes his name was probably an assumed one," 'Jaspar said slowly, "but one clue I have found out—beside the half sketch of his face Alys did of him in the early days of her unfortunate infatuation."

Lady Mary looked interested. that? "

"What ,is

"That a man called Paul Steinway was a witness to the marriage in Australia," Jas- par said. "If I can find him I shall learn the name of the man who must one day answer to me for the heart of the woman he de- serted,"

"Sweetheart, are you pleased with your ring?" he said softly. .Stella turned smilingly to him. "Yes, of course I am, Clifford,' she said quietly. "It is quite perfect." Her voice was gentle and low, and yet the man's ears, straining for a note of tenderness, found it cold and unre- sponsive. He would have preferred a flush of happy shyness on the pale cheek, a gleam of love in the deep blue eyes. And Stella herself, as her hand rested in that of her future husband, felt that her heart lay dead and cold in her body. Grati- tude for his attention, queenly acceptance of his caresses, was all that she could give him. Even the touch of his strong hand roused no responsive thrill in her cool fingers. Then the motor pulled up suddenly before a house that seemed literally to blaze with light. Across the stretch of pavement be- tween the kerb and the doorway was a bright awning, and a small crowd of passers- by lined the way along which the guests would pass. The big red motor attracted a lot of at- tention, and as Hawke stepped on to the red baize and helped Stella out, a low murmur of admiration rose from the group of interested spectators, the vision in white chiffon and silver being lovely enough to stir the blood of the most sluggish Londoner. As Stella walked beside her fiancé there was a sudden movement from the crowd, and the next moment a girl in a black dress swayed suddenly forward and fell in a dead faint across the strip of red baize. Stella uttered a low cry of alarm and bent over the still form. _ .

She looked at him euriouely. "And what will you do? It is foolish to dish up an old scandal."

• Jaspar Tennant's eyes flashed like steel. "When we meet face to face I shall know how to deal with him, and as he showed no mercy to a helpless, loving woman, neither shall I show mercy to him.'' (To be Continued.)

_ "Clifford! help me to cary her in," sho said quickly, "she has fainted, and looks so delicate, poor girl." "Nonsense, clearest," he replied quickly, "Toll can't possibly take this poor girl into Lady Stainer s." "We can't leave her here," Stella said firmly. "I know Lady Stainer won't mind her being brought in, she looks so ill and miserable, poor girl. Please help me, Clifford." _ _

Hawke hesitated. It was the first request the woman he loved had made to him, and yet he could not obey it. The idea of lift- ing that slim, pathetic figure in his arms was absolutely repulsive to him. He beckoned to one of the footmen who stood ex- pectantly waiting some decisive action before taking any responsibility on their own shoul- ders. At Hawke's gesture they moved for- ward quickly. "Take this young person where she may be attended to," he began, when the words were cut short on his lips. A man in evening dress had dashed from the crowd, and pushing aside the footmen, had lifted the frail figure in his arms, then his eyes fell on Stella's pale, gleaming face. "Where shall I take her?" he said quietly. "Please bring her inside," she said quickly, her eyes for a moment resting upon the cool, clean-shaven face and clear, grey eyes that looked into her own so strangely. And as he intercepted the look that passed between the woman he loved and the man who stooped to do her bidding, Cliff. fd Hawke realised that he had made a fatal mistake in having failed to do what sho had asked of him.

CHAPTER 111. LOVE-AND VENDETTA.

While Lady Mary Stainer was congratulat- ing Stella and Cliftord Hawke upon their engagement a stranger joined the group. "lour stray guest is going away, Lady Mary. The poor girl had fainted from hunger, I. fancy." "Poor creature!" Lady Mary exclaimed feelingly, "how awful to be hungry !" Then she turned to Stella.

"Let me introduce-- Mr. Tennant to you, dear. He is a very old friend of mine, in fact I have been a sort of godmother to him as well as to you."! Jasi?ar Tennant laughed. "More a good fairy,' he he said, as his eyes rested on Stella's face.

Lady Mary drew Hawke on one side, and Stella after a time found herself talking to Jaspar Tennant as she could never talk to her fiancé. The sympathy that flies from youth to youth was theirs, and when she learnt that he was an artist and would try to help the poor girl in whom she had taken such an interest, her eyes shone with pleasure. "I am so glad, Mr. Tennant; I was won- dering how 1 could help her," she said softly. "Have you asked her for her name and address?" _

"Yes, her name is Lotty Bond, and her ad- dresg is 14, Vincent-buildings, Westminster," he answered. "I am calling there to-mor- row." Then almost as though he was afraid to ask the question that quivered on his lips, he went on, "May I call to tell you the re- sult of my inquiry, Miss Traine?" "I shall be very pleased to see you," she answered simply, her serious eyes resting for a brief moment on the young and ardently eager face that was in its masculine way al- most as fair as her own, only his skin was burnt to a deep tan, and the crisp hair was cropped closely to his head. Jasper Tennant was not a lady's man; he loved the beautiful in woman from the point of view of an artist, and yet had he been told that at Lady Mary Stainer's ball that night he would meet a woman who appealed to the man in him as well as the artist he would have laughed. Before he left he sought Lady Mary, who was stealing a few minutes' rest from her guests. "I want to ask you a favour," he began smilingly. ger kind aristomtic face dimpled with ,srausement.

"Well," she said, "what is this wonderful favour, Jasper? Do you want me to buy a picture? because I simply can't! I don't know how to make both ends meet as it is." He laughed amusedly. "Nothing :•so un- reasonable as that! I only want you to come to my litudio on Sunday, and—" he hesi- tated slightly, "will you bring Miss Trains with you? 1 think she takes an interest in art." •

Laity Mary laid her plump, well-kept band on his arm. "Jaspar, don't be foolish," she said softly. "You know that to lift your eyes to Stella Traine is to desire a star beyond your grasp. She is engaged to Clifford Hawke, the dark 'Bill Sikes' looking man who was hero with her."

The. young artist'a face fluabed. ‘.'We needs

===== 0002601_19120203_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW SERIAL TO-DAY.

[ILL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

'Ate nand that lay in nis ow-n neitrier tered nor tried to withdraw itself, but lay like a snowflake, cool and soft in his own burning fingers. And so it was with the heart that beat gently against the silk mus- lin gown she was wearing. Not a pulse of it stirred the faster, not a tremor quickened the blood that throbbed with each breath, macl yet §tella Traino liked and respected her lathers triena more than any man she knew. But his words of love left her unres- ponsive and still. Was this calm quiet what women felt towards the men who loved them? she wondered, or was she only sur- prised and frightened by the depth of the passion she had roused?

Stella, I am waiting, dear, don't send me away miserable," Hawke said huskily. "I feel that if I lose you I shall lose my hope of salvation; you are everything to me, dear, the sum total of all that makes life heaven or hell." A faint colour stained her cheeks. She was moved by his devotion, as an older, wiser woman would have been. The red wine of his passion began to tint the cool water of her crystal-like calm. Surely such love must be able to win love? she wondered.

"Mr. Hawke," she began slowly, "I don't know if I care in the way that I should like to care for my—my husband. I respect and honour you, but I feel that love—" Ile laughed happily and drew her to him. "Dearest, I would rather teach you how to love than win the love that had been brought into life by another man. Only let me know that you will be mine and love will follow— with a woman like you it must, dearest, for such devotion as I have for you cannot go unrequited! You must—you shall love me in return!"

"And you are content with what I feel for you now?" she asked slowly, "the respect and honour that is yours already?" "More than content," he answered her ten- derly, "because from them I shall watch the birth of love, and when you are my wife, dearest—" He paused a moment, and she looked up at him in surprise. His face had grown cold and strangely pale, almost as though he had forgotten what he had been going to say. "Are you ill?" she asked quickly. "Ill!" He broke into a sudden laugh that somehow jarred upon her already highly strung nerves. It was the laugh of a man who had thrust an unpleasant memory be- hind him. "No, dearest, I am never ill," he went on quietly; "how could I be when I know that I have won the most beautiful woman in the world for my wife?" and he drew her into his arms and kissed her hair, her eyes, her cool cheeks, and lastly the red lips that lay against his own hot ones like the petals of a rose the rain- had lately washed.

• "My darling,' he murmured brokenly, "you will not keep me waiting long for my happiness? You will marry me soon?" When you wish," she answered, "only, please, Clifford," with a sudden swift glance into his face, "don't hurry me too much! You know I want to get accustomed to—to— everything, and besides," she added in a dif- ferent tone, "I must study father a little." Her lover's brow contracted slightly. "Your father will be glad. I have told him of my feelings long ago." "Yes," she murmured, "it will please him.v

Before he left her he raised her slim, white hands in his and kissed them reverently. "You will never regret this day, darling. All my life I will devote to your happiness, and each joy I bring you may perhaps wipe out part of my debts in the Recording Angel's book." _

"Is it a very big debt?" she smiled. "It is a debt that I shall be glad to see wiped off," he replied gravely. "Only when I loved you did I realise what it was. I have not been a saint," he went on, "but when I met you I knew for the first time what it was to wish to place a clean record before a woman."

She looked at him with interested eyes. She did not love the man she had just pro- mised to mary, but she admired him, and liked him for not treating her like a doll. She had never been shown the other side of a man's heart, and her sympathy was roused by his confession. "Was there ever another woman, Clif- fold?" she asked softly. His dark eyes contracted suddenly. "Once —long ago,' he answered, "but she is dead —the brief flame of a boyish passion burnt itself out, and yet," he added tenderly, "I would give my life to be able to say there had been no one; I resent even the shadow of another woman having cast a reflection on my soul." "And yet that other woman once loved you!" Stella mused. "Why did you part?" She was surprised that she felt no jealousy concerning this other woman in her lover's past, but only a warm interest. "We parted as all sensible people part who find that they are making a mistake," he an- swered curtly, "but don't let us mar our first hour alone together, darling, by unveiling what has been," he added tenderly. "I am jealous of even a thought that is not mine."

===== 0002601_19120203_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
A BID FOR A BRIDE

I

I

4t .1 • -,;4' :

much aboui was in the time to -

rece

might come She brok "Surely th your life! Clifford I He had ne and thrust indulge it something he could convention "Miss must know

She flue 'before hin fuge in an 'How c many thil might wan do with thi

t shed

can

She stoi band in hi as she reai a passion I straws in I "Don't I "I'm not t pense by I Stella," h( the restrah love you, has waltee his life. ' care a .litt make you have artOt

).pped -

tha)

BLANCHE EARDLEY, Author of " Kitty _Bell7Actress," "The Lady

Killer," &c.

CHAPTER I. THE ACCEPTANCE.

Clifford Hawke's chambers were in a block of fashionable flats and chambers built at the end of a long thoroughfare, and just a stone's throw from Piccadilly-circus. It was a late afternoon in summer, one of those delight- fully balmy days in June when the atmos- phere seems to quiver with a keen, throbbing desire for life, and even the very street noises take on a joyous note. The sinking sun was casting long golden shafts of light into the room, where the open window revealed great bowls of roses that filled the room with the scent of exquisite longings, their petals weary with the weight of their own loveli- ness. The golden light and the roses, by far the most beautiful sight in a room full of beauti- ful things, stirred even the sluggish pulses of the man who sat in the recess by the open window, listening lazily to the muffled voice of the great human tide below and about him. Clifford Hawke loved the voice of the ceaseless roar, for it sang to him now the mellow notes of success, and more than suc- cess' as it had in the early days of young manhood sung to him of the constant need of grit and pluck. It had egged him on in those days to pit his roar against that of the crowds who were surging round him and he had won—yes, on looking back on the slim, pale-faced, indomit- able-eyed stripling, with no influence and less capital, to the man he had made himself, rich, successful, feared in the City and courted in Mayfair—Clifford Hawke could now hear the note of triumph in the song that floated in through the open window. tt Yet that same evening was to put the crown on Clifford Hakwe's success and social glory, for at six o'clock he would be in his 40-horse power Panhard, on his way to propose to the woman upon whom he had set the seal of his ambitious love. To be the husband of the only daughter of the managing director of the Amalgamated Copper Company, of which he was the secretary, at a salary of fifteen thou- sand a year, to say nothing of other outside speculations, would, to Clifford Hawke's am- bition, be the crowning stone in the mosaic of his life.

For twenty years he had denied himself the dalliance that other men have with love. Ile had sternly held aloof from women, forging his way to the goal in view without so much as a backward glance at the temptations of the fleshpots of Egypt. And now his reward was at hand. All those years of hard self. repression was to be rewarded by a rich har- vest that the good reaper might justly ex-

pect. Presently he rose and gazed at a photo- graph in a silver frame on the mantel. It was the latest that a fashionable lady photo- grapher had taken of Stella Traine. He had cut it out of a Society paper, and it was the only woman's face in the room. As he looked at it his deep-set eyes flashed with pride. "The loveliest face in London," he muttered, "and the whitest soul in the world! With you as my wife, Stella, my guiding star, every dark memory will be washed in the waters of Lethe." He bit his lip for a moment, then added firmly, "Yes, every dark memory that belongs to the past." Half an hour later he was stepping into his dark red and white car that was shrieking and throbbing in the courtyard. As he paused to give an instruction to the chauffeur, who stood by the open door, the ball porter came hurriedly down the steps, a letter in his hand. "A man left this some time ago, sir," he said apologetically. " I was not on duty then, but the other porter thought you were out and did not send it up." Hawke looked at it carelessly. The writing was unfamiliar to him, and he thrust it into his pocket with a nod. He had something more urgent to think about than what was probably a begging letter, since the paper was poor and the writing shaky. In ten minutes' time the car stopped out- side a white house with a red awning over the balcony that was hung with flaming scarlet

geraniums. As he entered the white and gold drawing- room, Clifford Hawke realised for the first time the extreme nervous tension that had gripped him during the short journey from Piccaailly. He again felt as he did the day when years ago he had made his first big at- tempt to bluff fortune into playing him a good turn. He had won then by sheer force of personality. Would that same force stand by him now? he wondered. At that moment the door opened and a girl entered the room. A girl who looked, with her exquisitely lovely face and corn- coloured, simply dressed hair, the embodi- ment of an old world picture, yet whose tall, slender figure and graceful, self-possession showed that she had been brought up in an atmosphere of modernity. As she went-forward to greet him a slight flush atained her clear skin. The look in Clifford Hawke's dark eyes as he clasped her hand told her what she had begun to sus- pect was the reason of his desire to see her. Stella Train° was not vain. Indeed, her nature was too sweet and natural for her to ever think much about the admiration that was poured at her feet. Men had made love to her and always been met by the same frank, smiling, friendliness that had disarmed pas- sion, and sent them away baffled yet hoping. But now for the first time in her twenty-one years the girl shrank from the words she saw trembling on the lips of the man who was her father's friend and right hand in all his undertakings. Ever since she had known him she had always looked upon the big man with the dark strenuous face as belonging to her father's time of life, and the sudden glimpse of the lover in his eyes startled her. "I have only just returned from Lady St. Barbe's bazaar," she said lightly; "it was an awful crush, and 60 hot; you were wise to keep away." "I could go nowhere except to such places where work would keep me from thinking too it something else," he replied. "1 City all day nearly, and got back in :hie your note that told me and see you." a into a nervous little laugh. at can be no very rare event in You see me so often, Mr. Hawke." Hawke was no drawing-room man. sver studied intricacies of parry in the West End, though he could in the City. And now that he had o ask the beautiful girl beside him, iot pretend to take a part in the al small talk that meant nothing to Tra:

sine," he said abruptly, "you why I want to see you? " - warmly, and her grey eyes fell But, womanlike, she took re- evasive reply. I, Mr. Hawke? There are so we have discussed on which you to speak to me. Is it anything to te—?" L abruptly as he snatched her , and the words died on her lips Used that she was face to face with It (Wove all artifice before it like e wind. lay with me," he said huskily. he type to enjoy being kept in sus- the woman I love, and I love you, e went on, his voice trembling with int he was putting upon himself. "I dear, with the love of a man who years for the one perfect love in Won't you tell me, Stella, that you le in return? That I may hope to my wife? I love you, dear, and do long.". , . _.

314 , "." OA :- , ~ ''• .:4- ::: ' ... .. .... 1....-+' -"' "'AA' '''• 4,,,:, *- , ~.. . • ...-'"--;>>4.l-• - h . ..,• .•3ii, eare make have

===== 0002601_19120203_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER 11.

I BEGGAR ON HORSEBACK.

It was late when Clifford llawke left the house, and as his car, with a great deal of hooting and snorting began to glide into Park-lane, a hansom pulled up outside the millionaire's house, and a woman, dark and imperious looking, sprang out and ran up the steps and entered the house as one who had the free run of it. "Any callers, Mason?" she asked the but- ler in the hall.

"Only Mr. Hawke, miss," he replied. A rosy glow flushed the girl's dark face. "Was anyone in?" "Yes, miss, Miss Traine was, and Mr. Hawke went to her boudoir, and has just left," came the reply. A hard look stole into Isobel Frant's black eyes. She was a niece of the millionaire, J. Carter Traine, and lived with him, sharing her cousin's life as a sister might. "He came to see Stella," she muttered, bit- ing her lip with the sharp white teeth of which she was so proud. "I wonder what about? Has he been nice to me only because he loved her! Oh, I hate being a poor rela- tion," she thought, as she entered the beauti- ful suite of rooms she occupied, "I am only here on sufferance; if Stella chose she could make Uncle James give me an allowance to live abroad. Oh," she cried passionately, as she glanced at her dark, gipsy like face in the mirror, "if Clifford Hawke would only ask me to marry him. I love him more than Stella ever could, and as his wife I could have all London at my feet. But there's plenty of time yet," she smiled presently, "perhaps after all it is I whom Clifford Hawke will marry." In the meantime Clifford Hawke had ar- rived at his chambers in the Albany. As he dresed for dinner h suddenly re- membered the letter that he had thrust into his pocket as he was leaving the Albany earlier in the evening., He drew it out and opened it carelessly. 'Now for my begging letter!" he mused. "Anyway, whatever the request is I can't refuse anything reasonable to-night!" He drew the electric reading lamp nearer to him and then bent over the ill-written scrawl. _

"Paul Steinway in London!" he muttered, "in London, and with my address at bis fn. ger-tips. What does it mean except that ho imagines that he is going to make me dance to any tune he likes to play.," A grim smilr flitted across his mouth. 'Paul Steinway does not know me, or else he would remembet that Clifford Hawke was never one to bare his hand forced."

The next evening Hawke hurried home from business and dressed with impatient haste. He was going with his fiancée and her cousin and father to a ball that night at the house of Lady Mary Stainer, who was a well-known society leader, and Stella's godmother. As his car bore him swiftly on its rubber tires tp, the he in (-Amen-street he, klt.that

===== 0002601_19120203_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Thanksghings at St. Paul's.—St. Paul's Cathedral has been the scene of many historical thanksgivings, and, all being well, the King and Queen will attend a 'special thanksgiving service there on February 6th, on their return from India. Queen Anne attended a service in the Cathedral before the building was com- pleted, to render thanks for the victories of Marl- borough, and George 111, was present at a similar service in 1797 on behalf of the victories of the British , Navy over the French and Spanish forces. Within recent times, the most solemn of these occasions was the thanksgiving sal vice on February 27th, 1872,f0r the restoration to health of King Edward then Prince of Wales. Queen Victoria went to tho Cathedral On the occasion of the Diamond Jubilee in 1897, and the 'thanksgiving service on February 6th will follow very much on the lines of that which their Majesties attended thero after the Coronation. The Word "Obey."—The question of omitting the word "obey" from the briae's vow in the Church marriage service, is ones more the subject of frivolous discussion, but these controversies always appear a little futile because no woman need say the word if she does not wish to. It is more often than not omitted from the marriage service of the Free Churches, and there is always the civil marriage open to the woman who objects to the promise to "obey." Such a promise in the marriage service, in some or other form goes back to very ancient times, but it was more suited to the social conditions of the period when St. Paul wrote the context in Ephesians than to the relationship of the sexes in these altered times. It bus in fact become little more than an abstract form of words, more honoured in the breach than the observance, just the same as is the bridegroom's promise to "worship and endow his bride with all his worldly goods." In the majority of cases a woman likes to think of her husband as a superior being, but most people if they have any opinion at all on the subject would say that the promise to " obey " is more likely than not to engender unhappiness in marriage, and if that is so, it would be better omitted from the revised Prayer Book. Marriage Experiments.—lt is sometimes said that nowadays all marriages are trial marriages, and in America, where divorce is easy, there are not infrequently novel experiments in this direction. It used not to be uncommon in Scotland for a married woman to partially retain the use of her maiden name, and, carrying this idea further, a Professor of Columbia University recently married under a compact that he and his wife would retain their own identity. So they had their names separably inscribed on the door plate and on their visiting cards, in equal-sized letters. Such strange ideas may commend themselves to people with a love for notoriety, tut despite the modern craze for "faddism," the conventialities are for the good and con- venience of the whole cc mmunity and without them we should speedily relapse into semi-barbarism. The Independent Bachelor.—The London County Council is opening a new cookery school for boys, possibly with some idea of making them independent of the help of the other sex. The average girl, on leaving the elementary schools to take up a business career, has little practical knowledge of domestic s ffaire. She may hive attended one of the local cookery schools, but home tuition in such matters is more or less becoming a thing of the past. We may possibly arrive eventually at corporation schools for bachelors. Something of the kind will be seen at the Simple Life and Healthy Food Exhibitio' n which is to be held at the Caxton Hall, Westminster, in March. Here bachelorism will be encouraged, and its votaries imitated into the mysteries of sewing on buttons, the darning and mend- ing of clothes, also the arts of cookery and washing up, the laying and lighting of fires, and so on. Man, in short will be taught how easy it is to live alone and perhaps wish he had never been born. The Tunic.—lt was after the days of the first Empire in France, that the tunic first appeared in English dress. It was also at that period that dress experts turned their attention to Eastern countries and introduced the flimsy muslins and gorgeous embroideries of the Orient both of which modern experts have so successfully exploited in connection with this charming accessory as it has hitherto been regarded. This season it will become the drs ss itself rather than a part of it, and has thus been promoted to a more important position in the dress scheme of the immediate future. It has changed places with the underskirt to judge by the New Year modes, but the colouring, cut, trimming and material of the latter will require consideration because it must be still regarded as part and parcel of the whole. Both tunics and some severe tailor-made coats are cut away in front in swallow-tail fashion, but in the case of the coats there is rather an individual experiment than a decree of Madame la Mode. The draping of the tunic must necessarily affect the width of the skirt at the foot, but it will not lead to any appreciable widening at the hips lor knees. The rage for fringe on dresses, if not in millinery, is said to be declining, and its place is taken in Paris by scallops which are seen on bodices, hems, revere lingerie, on the tops of shoes and boots, and of long ;loves, on everythiug in fact that has an edge to be cut out.

The Sloping Shoulder.—A new development and a very charming one is the fashion of wearing diaphanous scarves with evening dresses and frequently they are added to the dinner dress also. Although theatre hoods are made in the most bewitching styles, women show a decided preference for the plain scarf as a protection for the head when going to the theatre, to judge at least from the number to be seen of the former, and the few to be noted of the latter. The scarves for evening wear are reminiscent of the beauties painted by Reynolds and Romney, but it is doubtful if the robust- athletic woman of to-day will wind the scarf as grace fully round her well-developed figure as did her forbears in the days of wasp waists and sloping shoulders. And this is a reminder that, in conformity with many Victorian revivals,A is quite possible that this summer will see a vogue for sloping shoulders. At any rate, some of 'the Paris houses are debating !this point, and encouragirg this feature by exhibiting models displaying them. As a matter cf fact not a few dresses for the Riviera have been made and are now being worn, that distinctly elope,where for so long they have been square and high. It remains to be proved whether the idea will " take " with our own designers.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCITING STATION SCENE.

At Crewe Station, on Monday, two horses were being conveyed by rail from Stafford to Warrington, and as the train was approaching the station the lamp of the horse box was seen to shoot from the roof of the carriage Into the air. The train was stopped, and it was found tbat one of the animals bad plunged through the window, and was resting on the edge of the window with its head and forefeet banging over. The horse struggled violently, and appeared in great pain. It was impossible to extricate it without cutting a portion of the carriage away. Saws, axes, and chisels were requisitioned, and about "thirty men began to break Op the carriage. In its mad endeavour to re- lease itself the horse had become more tightly wedged, and its bead was covered with blood caused by the broken glass. After working nearly an hoot sufficient of the compartment was cut away to enable the animal to get a little relief. An improvised platform was erected to rest one part of its body till the whole could be releaeed,

===== 0002601_19120203_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

MRS PHILIP SNOWDEN,

who on Thursday lectlured here on Co-operation, shares the versatile gifts of her talented husband. She is an effective temperance speaker, and is booked to address the annual meeting of at least one big Band of Hope Union this vety month. As I coed at the time, I recently heard her from the platform of the non-militant section of women suffiagists. She has a calm, easy, argumentative style, tree horn froth and rant, and her addresses, packed as they generally are with well ordered facts,carry f,rre and weight and are altogether admirably calculated to inform and convince. SCOTIA

The recurrence of the Burns anniversary, and the in- clusion of haggis in the menu at the Warrington celebration of the event, suggests a passing allusion to the " Sub Rosa " column which has long been a conspicuous feature of the "Morning Leader" and since the advent of the pres-nt year has regularly appeared also in the "Daily News. " Even if the cynical author of that unique production were not thoroughly well tinown to readers, none would ever dream of accusing him of having a "wee droppie " of Scottish blood in his veins. Ho loses no oppor- tunity of poking fun at Highlanders and Lowlanders alike; the speech that every aihere bewrayeth them, the national costume, food, music, and little idiosyncracies, are by this caustic writer satirised and held up to ridicule in a manner which loyal Caledoniarsjcan hardly be expected to appreciate. ith other Sassenachs, I can myself enjoy all this ; as a matter of fact " S.L.H." is at his best when handling such subjects; but, unless I greatly mistake him, my excellent friend " Scottie," who is naturally quick to resent amusement at the expense of his cherished aspirations and sentiments, will not be too well pleased with " Sub-R-sa," its flouts and jeers and frivolities. TOASTS.

More agreeable reflections are induced by contempla- tion of the toast list at the Lion Hotel on the occasion ju-t referred to. I commend to those who there fore- gathered a toast which I heard in East Lancashire : "Here's to them that love 119, and as for those who bate us, may the Lord change their hearts." There are mors selfish examples, and those who prefer such may be interested in these : "Here's to those who love us, Not to those whom we love ! For those whom we love May not love us." " Here's to yen two and us two ! If you two like us two As we two like you two, Then here's to us four ! But if you two don't like us two As we two like you two, Then here's to us two, and no more ! " What is one to say of such toasts as—"llere's to our sweethearts and wives; may they never meet ! " Or, again : " here's to women who are tender, Here's to women who are slender, Here's to women who are large and fat and red ; Here's to women who have married, Here's to women who nave tarried, Here's to women who are epeeebless —but they're dead ! "

When the of Charles IL, rose to honour the toast " Here's a health unto His Majesty," it was their pleasant habit to make this characteristic addition

" And he who will not pledge this health, We'll wish him neither health nor wealth, Nor yet a rope to hang himself. So here is to our glorious King, And he who will not join and sing, To him I will apply my toe, That with full speed from us he go To eat sour crabs in Jericho." Perhaps ene of the best known, and undoubtedly among the smartest of all the old toasts that have ccmo down to us, is— " God bless our King the Faith's defender, . .

God bless (no harm in blessing) the Pretender; But which is Pretender, and which is King. God bless us all, that's quite another thing." "RACE IS EVERYTHING."

I was reminded of Disraeli's epigram as I read Dr. Nfanson's paper on "Mendelian Heredity," in the Museum Lecture Room, under the auspices of the Field Club. Will Warrington, as a result, be likely to establish a branch of the Eugenics Education Society ? I trow not. This town has already an unusual number of sectional organisations, and certain of these appear (to employ a convenient Americanism) to have " bitten off more than they can chew." All the same, of course, the community is indebted to the doctor for his timely and extremely useful explanation of the Mendelian theory. Race culture may have said to have been established as a science by Sir Francis Galion, who left £65,000 for the promotion of the study of Eugenics; but its underlying principles have the Outer Hebrides makes the startling assertion that the practice continued down to modern times." As a result, the Lewisians are far superior in physique to the inhabitants of the neighbouring islands, and con- sumption was quite unknown among them until it was introduced of recent years by degenerate Southrons. The benefits derived by the islanders of Lewis from their grimly practical "Eugenics " appear to include intellectual prowess, for the ablest metaphysician in

been held and taught by individuals through the affel The Greek poet Theognis; who flourish",' 600 years n c., made a pod deal of the faT, that, while in the case of cattle care taken to breed sound stock, in the marriage human beings all such precautions are habitual') disregarded. Plato and Aristotle discussed the qoefoi tion, though the latter contended that the methoda regulation advocated were impracticable. It reserved for the cousin of Charles Darwin previooP/ mentioned to invent the now familiar name "Eugenie% and it is the business of the Eugenics Educaii!, Scciety to everywhere urge upon public opinion national importance of the truth for the prepagati°, of which they live and move and have their being-' an institution, I mean, of course. Elsewhelr enthusiastic disciples like Dr. hfanson are earnest, engaged in self-sacrificing efforts to spread the kno/r ledge of heredity, showing that criminal, instil feeble-minded, deaf mutes, and other mentally ° physically afflicted persons in our midst are reprodo! ing their undesirable kind and transmitting more 1 less serious infections leading to race degeneracl. somewhere read not long ago that 'from tiall immemorial the inhabitants of the island of Leolb used to put all weakly and deformed children to des', by exposure, and the best authority on the historl °' Oxford is said to hail from Stornoway. But my refet; ence must not be misunderstool. Dr. Manson 0.. those with whom he is proud to be associated in thli work for the benefit of future generations do advocate any such drastic measure as the deliberat; and systenastic weeding out of infants While it 4/ perhaps to., much to expect the formation btf of such a branch society as the wert;,'t doctor disinterestedly desires, those who t," other evening were impressed by his startill facts and eloquent plea would do well and wisell; pursue investigations for themselves. If the scie°', now commended may not exactly be included aro° the things which " the angels desire to kook iei it is really of consequence that it should be studiete and understood by all who lay claim to averag, intelligence and who have at heart the interests of race as a whole. "SLIGHTLY SOILED."

And so the lady helpers at the 1' Dumperiet, misappropriated the Union Jack? True, daught% of Eve though they be, they did not literally 10', themselves aprons of the national emblem; they rfe.'"; supplied from what may be termed the "Durnperlit Toggery," and the result was—how shall I put Well-er-there was just the shade of a suspicion of et but perhaps I can manage to convey my meaning illustration without being too blunt or unneceitoricsi harsh. I have a friend, a retired medi man, who has built a house at Letchwor't and is spending his declining years in tit: Garden City. Visiting him last summer, I fouput among various other faddists in residence,thereaboetist. a few harmless freaks wearing sack-like habilimen: of certain coarse material. The chief virtue of peculiar garment was said to be that it could read' he washed, and certainly most of the samples tlit'; came my way seemed much to need the vigora°,l application of soap and water by an experiencr", latindrymaid—but, dear, dear, this will not serf° ' in fact, it obliges me to anticipate possible misaPPri hension, and to immediately assure all and Bunar4 that those "shop-soiled" caps and aprons bore /et' little resemblance indeed to the stuff just referred No, indeed ; I must try again. Well,l was promo" ing the -platform pending th 9 arrival of my traid' and got into converation with the atati,tv master. I was inquisitive enough to queen the chatty official respecting the identity 1),„ a prtspective fellow-passen&er, and, speall under his breath as the object of our mitt4„l regard passed, the stationmaster confided to me WI the stranger (to me) was a lather notori us native Ore those parts. "Not, mind you," he hastened to Wu" me," that he could be said to be a sinner above tu average but f r his loud professions to the central.; You will understand if I simply say that he Trelre 'the white flower of a blameless life,' alivhtly soiledlo6 There, now I've cot it. The distinguishing artio,e c.f wearing apparel whereby the lady attendants at Dumping Exhibition sought for party purposes ,w; exploit an emblem which is as much ours as tbelt, consisted of what has been poetically if mistakewri; described as the flag which braved a thousand the battle and the breeze simply that, a'ightly twat

Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. There was a good attendance at an open meeting of this society held on Sunday. Mr. Cecil H. S. WilleoPi headmaster of Lymm Grammar School, presided slge spoke of the pleasure it gave him to be present. " f the looked with great hopes to the possibilities o Brotherhood movement. Tho Rev. William Re,' Presbyterian minister, Warrington' gave the addfe., upon "The success of the movement, vrbat it bad doll, what it was doing and what it was possible to do the future." P.S.A. men, he said, could do what t"4 church and ministers could not do, they came in with the men at the works, rubbed shoulder to should% and had many privileges, to invite and to live, and i 10„cre before them, and to influence them for good. '' had on one side so strong an element of pessirniotf who looked gloomily upon progressive work, that • made it all the more needful thit we should put on bold and strong optimism, while doing every tblOel possible to help and benefit our fellows. He refer • with pleasure to the great conference held in Belgia° short time ago. When the many thousands of workini men met about 500 delegates from England Iland proles. what could be done by the great brotherhood 0.0:.0 meuts, at home and abroad, to reach !the masses. Plio E Taylor sang " Beyond the dawn "and "God who 1110 made heaven and earth " with great ability. I'be Corney recited and was greatly appreciated. Chairman read the lesson. The Rev john Yong° the prayer. Mr Payton presided at the organ. —A

===== 0002601_19120203_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
%ft

===== 0002601_19120203_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
LEGAL FIRST AID.

COMPANY MEETINGS.

general meeting of every limited corn- irk „Y ninst, by statute, be held at least once calendar year (i.e., one. in 1907, one 1909, and so on); and it must not Pre-enc're than fifteen months after the the I°llB general meeting. If not so held, aeeree,"ll3any, and every director, manager, ktle",atY, and other officer of the company he -gly party to the default, is liable to 111,,t4.°5ecuted and fined not more than £5O. bez.-"ver, on the application of any mem- , the Companies Court may call or direct calling of a meeting. Any number of oteel‘ general meetings may be held, but vlnet be. The first, or statutory, meet- tviViust be held after one month and three months from the date when the The-PailLY, is entitled to commence business. Ject of this statutory meeting is to the promoters and direct-ors of the lV;allY to disclose to the shareholders the th -an of the company. With this object te7o directors must, at least seven days koid„re the meeEng, forward to every share- (tire; a report certified by at least two y sole or bdirector, if only

* * * POINTS OF THE REPORT.

• This „„ .report must state : '4.lltvie total of shares issued, distinguishing ' Leell (1) those issued for cash, and (l.l) ~.°Be issued as fully or , partly paid-up if;erwis than in cash. In the case of (l!) for- f'.ePort must state the consideration adwhich they are allotted (e.y., servicesi ered, properly transferred), and f oulY Partly paid-up must state to what Zlfte•lit• Thus, the report, as to this part • ; not Will be sufficient if it says • 00 sa.ooo i haveshares been .allotted— . 1 rw, 1-15' for cash, 50,000 fully paid-up, and .„,,,,,partly paid-up." It should be— ' as mil) for cash, 50,000 fully paid-up, for Part of the price paid to the vendor tho property, and 50,000 paid-up to fifie entnt of 5s per share as further part • Proe eonsideratiL to the vendor for the -„ (I,Perty.,, ho total cash received by the company aalaPect of the several classes of shares (t)i'" debentures distinguished as above. , abstract of the receipts and payments ' account both of shares and int and particulars of the balance thand; and an account or estimate of ti,ho o preliminary expenses. to aNcemints (b) and (c) must be brought up Portvithin at least seven days of the re- ' (d) ^ if _ flames, addresses, and descriptions , • tile trades, professions, and callings) of fi directors, auditors (if any), manager • (c)ThaoY), and secretary of the company. _ anLe particulars of any contract to .be • ,otoinitted to the meeting for modification f°l' approval as modified, together with ,tfieulars of the modification or proposed t "autuification. N.B.—This is very impor- , com,, •-uoause a company cannot vary a the "'et disclosed in its prospectus before atutory meetin' g • or, at least, the th7o Ifieaf ion can only be made subject to statutory meeting's approval. * *

NOTICE OF RESOLUTION. '41;4! allditors (if any) must certify that (0)- Port is correct so far as it relates to et ‘'), and (c). Fraudulent directors T this by not appointing auditors before 64t1111-"ting• The report must not only he trn -15 each shareholder, but to the Regis- Companies who preserves it for Tiaibl'etica• A. list of the shareholders, their nui„is, addresses its.l descriptions, and of shares 'held by each, must be yr:- al:1,1'1,0 the commencement of the ineetiince; (14ri tills list is to be open and access _le, forellg the meeting, to every member. " :Were 1900, proceedings at statutory meetingsi 411 a farce, as a rule, because no one was kiTelvued to discuss anything unless lie had tlp3 a notice of motion beforehand. But Presone,:iT Act provides that the shareholders tior-14 shall be able to discuss any ques- Telating to the formation of the corn- arising out of the report. They theact, however, pass a resolution unkss 44, notice requirea by the articles (goner- 'Y even days) has been given.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
U: DISTRICT MW j

Penketn.

PSINKETIE LABOUR PARTY.—The fortnightly meeting of the above was held in the Wesleyan Sunday school, on Wednesday evening when there was a fair attendance considering the cold evening. Mr Gill gave a paper on "Things we can do " which was most interesting and inspiring. Mr G Faulkner presided.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Hatton.

BILLIARDS.—The handicap given in connection with the Hatton Institute resulted in a win for J. Houghton, W. W. Leach being second, and W. Matthews third. This Is the second occasion that J. Houghton has secured first prize, %V. Leach being second to him each time.—At a meeting held at Daresbury January 24th, it was again decided to play for the Sloane Challenge Cup, the Moore, Daresbury and Hatton Rooms to compete home and home matches. The first match is at Dares- bury, February sth. Moore are the visitors. Moore. WESLEY G UILD.—On Wednesday evening Miss Dutton, the talented literary vice-president, gave a very delightful paper entitled " Literary Tit-bits." Mr. Jackson presided over a very bir attendance. At the outset Miss Dutton said that some of the best tit-bits were really scraps, and she did not intend to speak upon any of the really well known poets, but upon the works of four lesser known poets chosen from four different nationalities, Sir Thomas Brown, English ; Thomas Moore, Irish ; Alexander Dumas, French ; and Heinrich Heine, German. She gave a few biographical notes about each and spoke of Dumas' gnat admiration for Shakespeare. The remainder of the lecture consisted of quotations and recitations of some choice selections from the works of these four poets; Victor Hugo,another French poet was also quoted. In Conclusion the lecturer said that perhaps something which had teen said would inspire somecne to a closer acquaintance with these poets who although lesser known than others were worthy of consideration. Miss Castle proposed a vote of thanks to Miss Dutton and this was seconded by Mr Lawton, and carried with applause.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Great Sankey.

TEA AND ENTERTAINMENT.—The annual parochial tat and entertainment took place on Friday of last week, in the St. Mary's Sunday School. About 250 persons sat down to an excellent tea and were served by a band of willing workers. Trays were given by ladies and gentlemen connected with St. Mary's Church. After tea dancing and entertainment took place, when the gathering was considerably increased there being over 300 present. The large room was nicely decorated for the dancing. Mr. F. T. Newbold (vicar's warden) and Mr. E. Dumbill (people's warden), acted as M.C.'s and as usual the Bros. W. and J. Ray, were efficient as accompanist. In another room (for those not interested in dancing), a concert was kindly arranced by Mr 11 It Griffiths and Mr W W Whittle. The Vicar (Rev J 10 Jones) presided, and the various items were very much enjoyed. The following gave their services, pianoforte solo, Miss Foster ; songs, Misses H Hall, A P Jones and Gilbert ; Messrs W H Ireland and D 10 Griffiths, and Mr W W Whittle was the humorist ; Miss Murray very creditably recited ; Miss Standish was the accompanist. The Chairman expressed thanks to all those who had helped to make the evening a successful one. Needless to say this was carried with great applause.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
Lymm.

MISSIONARY SEnvicEs.—On Sunday two excellent missionary sermons were preached in the Primitive Methodist Church, morning and evening, by the Rev. 3. W. Price, lately returned from Manazela, Central Africa. Mr Price also addressed a juvenile missionary meeting in the afternoon. On Monday evening the same gentleman gave a most instructive account of his life and work in the dark Continent, his description of the country, and of the people amongst whom he laboured, being supplemented by acme really good lantern slides. Mr U L Welford presided and Mr W T Moss operated the lantern. The collections were in advance of previous years. WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSECIATION.—Th3 monthly public meeting of the above association was held in the I Primitive Methodist schoolroom on Thursday evening. Miss Harper, of Altrincham, who presided, opened the meeting with a short and pithy address. The principal speaker of the evening was Mr W Abbott, also of Altrincharn, who warmly eulogised the energy of the Government in their endeavour to ameliorate the conditions of employment.

PRIMROSE LEA.GIMI.—The annual tea party and soiree in connection with the L3rum Habitation of the Primrose League was held in the Drill Hall on Wednes- day evening, when a large number sat down to an excellent tea; the caterer being Mrs. Kenzie. The tea was followed by a meeting at which Mr. H. P. Harris was the principal speaker. Afterwards Mr Taylor's band played for dancing until 12.30.

SKATING ON THE LAKE.—Lymm, like other portions of the country, passed the earlier part of the week in the lap of winter, and interest centred on the lake as a possible compensation for the severe weather. On Sunday the word went round that the lake was frozen over, on Monday we were informed that it would "bear to-morrow," and for once the local prophets touched the truth, but it was only a touch and nothing more as the skaters were few in number and lacking in confidence. By noon the thaw could no longer be disputed as water was rapidly forming on the surface of one of the finest sheets of ice ever seen on the lake and a settled gloom pervaded the faces of the dis- appointed votaries of " Jack Frost." But in spite of these changed conditions a few venturesome spirits were to be seen indulging in their favourite pastime even on Wednesday. Since then the frost has resumed sway, and there may be some sport this week-end. ITEATLEY BOY SCOUTS.—One of the laws of the Boy Scout movement requires each membor to do at least one kind act each ay, but on Saturday last the Heatley Troup improved upon this as through their instru- mentality over 200 children of Lymm and district were provided with a substantial tea, and an evening of unmixed pleasure. A peep into the Lymm Parochial Schoolroom shortly alter 5.30 p.m. revealed rows of childrens' faces lit, up with joy, and displaying a keen appreciation of the delectable and ample fare provided. The motto of the movement "Be prepared " had evidently been carefully considered both by the caterers, and the guests. Amongst the visitors were the Revs 0 B Thurston and 11 W B Wbiteway as representatives of the Established and Free Churches of Lymm. Tea over, the children formed in procession outside, and headed by the Scouts' Bugle Band,marched to the Congregational Schoolroom to witness the enter- tainment which was to be provided for them. Messrs T Nash and J Webb, jun. (Scoutmasters), Tom Kay and Fred Cousin (Assistant Scoutmasters) soon got their guests into position. After Mr A G Smith, J.P. had taken the chair the entertainment began and what a feast of enjoyment those children had ! Pianoforte solo by Stanley Jonee, violin duet by Fred Butter and Rowland Tilzey. Vocal solos by Allan Brown, Fred Rutter, I d Cowsill, W Jones, jun., Miss Ada Wrage, Reggie and Sydney Hillier, the last three mentioned especially tickling the palates of the audience. A handbell ringing exhibition and glees by the scouts' choir also added to the evening's enjoyment.— The Rev. 11, W. B. Whiteway addressing the meeting on the training of till Spartan children gave the derivation of tho phrase " lie's a bric!r," which originated wills one of the Spartan kings, and drew object lessons from this, complimentary to the Scout's laws. Mr IVbiteway said that be bad taken an interest in the movement from its innovation by Major- General Sir It Baden-Powell, and that the organisation had his entire approval.—A tour through Canada by means of lantern views manipulated by Mr J Webb, jour., with descriptive readings by Mr W G Jones (hon. secretary) followed by humorous and other slides, added variety to tbe programme.—The gathering was a pronounced success, reflecting the greatest credit on all concerned, and will undoubtedly give an impetus to the worthy cause under which auspices it was held. It y funds had been obtained cnegs.—After three hearty cheers bfory transpired menustheirhootfshtcasat rbo3trlhsesinging—After sar i theinn youthful guests, the proceedings terminated by singing the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STORY OF THE 130TTZ E.

Ares Erg. liorlick's Malted Milk Co., have published the above interesting little booklet, which may be obtained from their manufactory at Slough, Bucks. It is a story of old nursery relics, mostly torn and battered, but which the mother had preserved until after 'sears, and among them was an empty bottle— accorded pride of place. It had contained the malted milk which the mother was convinced had saved the life of her child, after a wasting illness The story is prettily told in thedorrn of a dialogue. It is also illus- trated and affords delightful reading for little folks.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Culcheth.

ORCHESTRAL CONCERT Ai lEwcllußcxi. The Cadiehead, lrlam and District Orchestra under the &motion of Mr. H. Hill Whitfield, presented a miscellaneous programme at the Newchurch School on ' Saturday evening last. One cannot help but admire Mr. Whitfield's effort to instil into tbe hearts of the villagers a love of all that is beautiful and best in music and if at the present moment it hardly meets with the appreciation which it deserves, it is hoped that in some future generation it will have its own reward. ro have such masters as Mozart, Paganini, Bach and Eiger interpreted at a rural village concert is unique, especially when the items are provid d by a district orchestra. Mr. Whitfield is a rr.an of considerable ability, and though there is much room for improve- ment in various parts of the orohestra no doubt under his directorship these will soon he remedied. Much local interest was manifested in the playing of the violin by Mr. Harry Gould, who is a local man and bids fair to become an accomplished musician. Mr. Noah Johnson who is a well-known baritone contributed several songs which were much appreciated. Mrs. H. Whitfield was heard to advantage in several recitals and sketches and evoked much applause. Mr. Roland Whitfield showed a complete mastery of the " Cello and his rendering of Godard's " Berceuse " was all that could be desired. Mr. 11. Hill Whitfield contributed sveeral violin solos in his usual brilliant style, and Mr. H. Gould gave a fine rendering of the first movement of De Beriot's concerto for violin. The concert through- out was very enjoyable especially to those who could appreciate the music to the full.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
Padgate.

MOTHERS' MEETING.—For the first time this year the members of the above, asiembled in the Guild Room of the Wesleyan Church on Tuesday evening. To mark the occasion about 40 ladies partook of an excellent tea. Mrs Houghton presided during the very enjoyable social which followed. Songs end recitations were given by several of the members, and the games played evoked much amuseu.ent. VISIT OF THE REV. J. E. RATTENBURY.

Members of the Wesley Guild at Padgate look for- ward each year to the annual visit of the Rev. J. E. ! Rattenbury and their anticipations of a rich treat were • again fully realised on Thursday. In the afternoon the ! rev, gentleman preached a forceful and eloquent sermon ' from the words " Launch out into the deep, and let down sour nets for a draught." In the evening an audience numbering about 450 gave an enthusiastic welcome to Mr. Rattenbury and Mr. J. Upson who presided. The Chairman in the course of a short, but excellent address, said he was glad to be present for two reasons. First, as a local preacher, to thank the Padgate friends for the kind appreciation they manifested of the efforts made in the pulpit by himself and brethren,and,secondly because he felt honoured in being associated as Chair- man with so liners man as the lecturer. Proceeding Mr Upson pointed out the danger of under-estimating the humble efforts of ordinary individuals. Roughly speak- ing the world had come up to the standard of the churches. There could be very little more advanced legislative action without a move forward of the Churches. The first action of the modern church should be to create a nu( tive to set the pace for the world. The conscience of the public is satisfied if only the natural needs of the nation are met, and because of this Mr. Upson urged the necessity of personal consecration. In opening his lecture" The Church and the modern situation " the Rev. J. E, Itattenbury spoke of the pleasure it gave him to visit Padgate once more and incidentally congratulated them on the possession of the fine new school premises. He said there was no church of its size that he admired more than Padgate. In the modern situation, from the Churche's point of view, there was more widespread pessimism end solicitude for the Church's welfare than he had ever known. Although he did not intend to predch a sermon he based his remarks upon a passage in St. Luke, "And there shall be signs in the EUD, and In the moon, and in the stars, and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity ; the sea and the waves roaring ; men's hearts failing them for fear and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth ; for the powers of Heaven shall be shaken. And when these things become to come to pass, then look up and lift up your heads, for your redemption draweth nigh." Proceeding the lecturer said that in the political world " men's hearts are failing them for fear "—of Lloyd George. (Laughter.) He remarked that the Apostles rejoiced in adversity, not because they called it happiness, but because they knew that it was the cause of the success of religion. Referring to St. Paul he quoted the passage, " a great and effectual war is open to us, and there are many adversaries." If ever a man had a right to doubt the final triumph of Christ it was St. John the Divine. Banished to the Isle of Patmos, he felt all the isolation and lonliness of the exile inflicted by the power of the long arm of Imperial Rome, but his writings clearly showed the victory of the slaughtered lamb, over the multitude of savage beasts he desicribes. Everybody knows when the stakes of Smithfield and Oxford were lighted, and the great leaders of the church were burned, that it was a time of great pessimism and despair, but the well- known noble words of Latimer proved that where others caw only a destructive and consuming fire, he beheld a candle to enlighten. Of Sir Thomas Moore the lecturer said that he was the noblest man In England as a martyr ' for the truth, and he laid it down not for Pretestantism but for Catholicism. "Honour, where honour is due." Speaking of the Renaissance period, Mr. Rattenbury said that then' Europe woke cut of slumber, Court ladies instead of spending their time painting their faces learnt Greek and Latin, and it became fashionable to know classical literature. That was a long ti e ago. (Laughter.) At this time there was great doubt I and much scepticism, and devout people shook their , heads. There was serious doubt among those who stood for religion. This might clearly be seen in some of the church architecture of the period. In the choir of a church near Bourne- mouth might still be seen a carving representing / a monk preaching to a congregation. But the monk I , was represented as a fox wearing a cowl and the people as geese. (Laughter) ID the midst of all this what happened ? Martin Luther happened, and the Christ of , Luther was the biggest Christ Europe had ever known. Proceeding, the lecturer said he wanted to appeal to the ,1 credulity of no man but to faith and confidence. The unrest Gf the present time is the black bud that heralds the foliage of summer. He had hope of the future for two reasons, let, criticism of tbe Bible, or what is I known as the higher cr,ticism, and 2nd, social unrest. He did not shut his eyes to the danger of these things, but he believed in Truth at all cost. If the Bible will not stand criticism it is not worth cur acceptance Modern criticism is rot as convenient for the pulpit but it is much more Christian than the old ideas. He I thought the Christ of to-day not big enough, and that the Christ of the Bible and the future was infinitely bigger. Of social nnrest the lecturer raid there were many natural fears and misgivings. The demo- ' cratic spirit will probably continue to make mistakes, but without mistakes there could be no true progress. It was much better to be discontented than asleep. Discontent in men's minds is not an evil thing, it is the monument of God's Spirit. We should, as St Peter exhorts, grow not only in the grace but in the know- ledge of Jesus Christ. Hitherto the Churches had regarded Christ as their own exclusive possession and had forgotten the bone and blood and muscle of his humanity. Ills Kingdom had in the past been regarded es a limited monarchy—limited in politics and commerce The various forces o f unrest may mean a wider concep- tion of Christ ; the Christ of the future will be greater than at any time in the past. The future was not dark, but bright. " There's a good time coming," God kelp us all to discern the summer that is coming. A vote of thanks to the Chairman nod Lecturer was proposed by Dr Bennett, who spoke with enthusiasm of the work being done by Mr Rattenbury in the West , London Mission. Ile invited anyone with surplus cash to assist in reducing the debt on the magnificent Institutional buildings in which the work is carried on. Mr. Duckworth seconded and spoke of the benefit congregations derived from the eloquent sermons of Mr. Upson. The singing of the Doxology brought the meeting to a close.

ARSON CONFESSION AT sr HELENS. SERIOUS FARM FIRE.

The St. Helens Fire Brigade wataccupied for some hours on Sunday night dealing with a largo farm fire at Hilltop Farm, near the Bottle and Glass, on the Rainford road. The farm, which is in the occupation of Mr. Thomas Houghton, stands near the side of the main road, and on Monday morning it transpired that a man had given himself up to the police and con- fessed that he had wilfully caused the fire. The man's name is George Barrett, of no flied abode, aged thirty- two, who hails from Sheffield. The police state that Bat rett was seen going through Rainford during the course of the evening, and he called at a shop and bought some matches. He pro- ceeded about two miles on the road, and on getting to Hilltop farm he decided to go up to a stack by the side of the road and set fire to it. After doing this be walked straight on to the St. Helens Town Hall and gave himself up, stating that he had wilfully set fire to the stacks, and he had done it for the purpose of getting into vol. The fire brigade, under Superin- tendent Shaw, found that the fire had spread from the stack to a large Dutch barn, which was full of oats and farm in3plements. The produce was all practically consumed, and damage to the extent of £5OO was ch-ne•

Barrett was brought before Mr. T. Glover at St. Helens Town Hall at noon on Mcnday when he was formally charged with arson. Constable Stevenson proved the arrest, and swore to tie statement that Barrett made. The man said that be wanted to be in gaol again. Barrett offered no opposition to being remanded until to-day.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

THE LATE MAJOR C. W. HAZLEHURST.

The funeral of Major Charles Whiteway llszlehurst of Broawood Court, Pembridge, formerly of Runcorn and Mossley Hill, took plane at Runcorn, on Monday, and was very largely attended. The Rev. H. N. Perrin (vicar of Runcorn), conducted the service in St. Michael's Church and at the graveside, where the choir sang " Peace, perfect peace," and " On the ressurrec- tion morning." Fifty beautiful floral tributes were sent. At the Runcorn Sessions on Monday, sympathetic references were made to the death of Major liazlehurst, who was for thirty sears a local magistrate. The speakers were Mr. A. R. Norman (chairman of the bench), Mr. James Pritchard, Mr. Frank Johnson (magistrates clerk) Mr. Linaker (on behalf of the solicitors), and Superintendent Ennion (for the police) SIR JOHN SIMON AT WIDNES.

and

===== 0002601_19120203_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
"LOYALISNI " DEVELOPMEN I' IN ULSTER.

Sit John Simon, the Solicitor General, made a speech cn Home Rule et a Liberal demonstration in Widnes OD Wednesdiy night, He referred to the attempt "to prevent " the Ulster Hall meeting as a classic example of bigotry and intolerance. The Ulster Unionists pretended that they were attached to British rule, but the attachment was only so long es British rule left them free to get everything they liked in their own way. They denounced boycotting, but nobody had ever heard of such an immense boycott as this they had planned at Belfast. They opposed coercion, but was there any crime more dastardly than that of people who in attempting to discredit a Govern- ment in England were prepared to ask their countrymen to risk their heads and their jives? It was the fixed determination of the Government to carry Home Rule, and they would not be thwarted by a party who desired to keep their ascendancy at all costs and against all comers. Tne meeting was held in the Skating Rink. and more than three thowaud people were present. Mr. Roscoe Brunner presided.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Run)] District-Council as held et Dutton en Tuesday. Mr. .1. Wright presided. FRODSIIAM COMPLAINT AGAIN. _ __ _ _

A further letier-W-t-read-irc:ni-1ir.a61.,.. f Frodsham stating that he was cot near einugh to the bones on the 10th inst., to catch a Erne* nuisance, lie passed a lorry load the Saturday following which "stuck like fury,' so he guesEed they were trona the same batch. Cotton cake was being loaded close to them. " Your medical officer at last admits there is a nuisance" ; he said " which has been a crying shame and a disgrace for years. Why delay action ? One day last week there were six wagons of bones on the station near the platform. Given warm weather these would have been

round going to the iworks on their own." (Loud laughter). Mr. Woodward said be thought they had told the parties some time ago to find accommodation for the bones.

The Clerk said they had born written to and accom- dation had been found for some of the bones. Mr. Woodward said it seemed to him to be a serious matter for Frodsham. If there as to general nuisance there was a smell nuisance. On the street and at the station itself the smell was unbearable. It did not seem to him that the Railway Company attempted to get it away as they ought to do. That Council ought to influ(nce them to abate the nuisance.

The Clerk painted out that before they could take action they would have to prove an actual nuisance. If they stopped it altogether it might take that particalar industry away from the district. The Chairman suggested that more pressure should be brought to bear on the Railway Company, and see if they could not transfer the bones to some more suit- able place. He proposed that steps be taken in the matter.

A Voice : It is a matter we cannot lose sight of. It was decided to write the parties concerned further on the matter.

"STRANGERS EXCLUDED.

A resolution was passed to the effect that strangers should not be allowed to attend parochial committee meetings.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held on Tuesday. Mr. C. E. Linaker, Jun., presided.

LESS OUT RELIEF.

The Clerk said that on looking through Mr. Duff's report he found that in that district the amount of relief per head of the population was 3s. *5B. The average for semi-urban areas such as theirs was 48. 2d. '57. There was only one area which cost less than theirs and that was Tarvin which was 2s. lid. '57. Taking the whole areas, urban and semi-urban areJs and rural areas, Bucklow, Tarvin and Ellesmere were less and the others were more.

Mr. Woodward in presenting his financial report said he had been impressed by the reduction which was taking place in out-relief. Dur;ng the last few months the amounts had been from £l5 to £l2 per fortnight. They were paying Mr. Pearson a considerable sum, out of all proportion to what he was distributing for out- relief. It had occurred to him that that was a thing which might be remedied. At the same time he would not have been satisfied if he had not drawn their attention to the matter.

Mr. Morris.—lt is a matter for congratulation not censure.

_ Mr. Woodward said be would be pleased to see the amount disappear altogether. His only idea was :—Was it not possible to allocate any other duties to Mr. Pearson ? Was he sufficiently employed ? The Clerk said that at :he time when the Old Age Pensions Act was made to apply to paupers it relieved the Board of some expense and on the recommendation of the Local Government Board, tLey decided to do away with a relief station. Mr. Pearson was distributing less than before the Old Age Pension Act applied to paupers. But now he bad to go toths individuals at their houses. (Hear, hear.) That IN as more work than when they had a relief station. . .

Mr. Woodward Enid he was cnly carrying out his duty in drawing their attention to the matter. (Hear, hear) APPOINTMENT OF CHAPLAIN.

Apropos of the resignation of the Rev A L Temple, chaplain at the house, some discussion took place as to the arrangements for his successor. " •

Alderman A. L. Norman asked if the Board was bound to appoint an Anglican clergy man and get the sanction of the bishop. The Clerk : That is so. Alderman Norman said he had nothing against the appointment of an Anglican clergyman, but there were Nonconformists and lion afr Catholics ID the house. lie gave notice that he would move a resolution at the next meeting appealing to the Local Government Board to give them a free Land 3ver the appointment of a chaplain. Mr. Morris said the Housing Committee had spent some considerable time in discussing the matter and they thought that the late chaplain had taken a very high hand in the matter. In regard to the salaary, originally it was £4O hut it was reduced to £BO. Of the remaining £lO, £3 went to the Nonconformist instructor and .£5 to the Roman Catholic instructor. The two latter gentlemen gave quite as much time to the duties in the house as the chaplain. He suggested that they should reduce the salary to £3O and give the other two more.

Mr. Whitlow did not think they ought to blame the chaplain. He simply asked for a rise of sllary. They ought to have written him straight away. Mr. Linaker said he did not think Mr. Whitlow under- stood the circumstances. The chaplain had written to the Board asking for an increase in salary. The Board replied that in view of the alterations of the distribu- tion of children in the workhouse they would like him to wait until things were settled. Ho would not wait, and sent in his resignation. _

Mr. Linaker (senior) said they asked the chaplain to wait but he would rot. He should have waited, and be was of opinion that the Board had taken quite the I right lines. Mr. W. L. Morris expressed the cpinion that the chaplaincy ought to be a labour of love instead of a business matter. Mr. J. Stokes pointed out that a good deal had been said about the salary. The impression created seemed to he that the &Airs of the supplementary clergy were less and that the duties of the chaplain were the same as when he received a salary of £lO. Mr. Woodward said the question appeared to him to be alpurely business one. The real question was what were the duties of the chaplain and how were they performed ? He would like to understand whether the religious side of the life of the inmates of that house was attended to properly by the chaplain. Apart from any other question be did not think the chaplain ought to be brought into conflict with the Nonconformists. They onght to take the instructors of each section on their merits.

After further discussionl it was resolved to write to the clergymen in the neighbourhood, alvising them of the vacancy and inviting their applications. The committee reported en increase in the number of vagrants and inmates. The minutes were confirmed.

trated, and which any average wood-worker ought to be able to do, will improve the general effect of the case. The several parts, after being well sand- papered, may now be carefully fitted together by small nails, and then the clock fitted in. Fig. 3, which is a view of the back, shows how this is done. A block of wood is hollowed out to the curve of the clock barrel, and made of a Sufficient height for the clock face to fit into the hole in the front. _ _ _

Two thin pieces of wood, about kin. thick and liin. deep, are now screwed to the back

at suitable distances from the top ard bottom, and serve to hold the clock firmly in the case. A small brass handle (a drawer handle costing a few pence will do) should next be neatly secured to the centre of the top piece, to carry the case about with. When fitted up a coat of walnut stain, a bottle of which can be purchased cheaply, w.ill finish it off.

• /1/ / 'la. 2.

dalletirdeAM 07>" I g 2) swam N 1;•:!-:kiN.7. FIG. 3.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT RELIEF

RAPID CURE Of OUT AND RHEUMATISM E A DEVS

SUFFERED 'l9 YEARS ! !

4, PJol Road, Smethwick-, March 26th, 1811. Dear Sir,—l must give you praise and congratula- tion upon your wonderful remedy ; Eade's Gout and Rheumatic Pills.

I have SUFFERED FOR THE LAST NINE- TEEN YEARS UNTOLD PAIN and agony and have taken dozens of bottles of doctors' medicine, but NOTHING HAS GIVEN ME SO MUCH RELIEF AS YOUR PILLS! I shall advise all sufferers that I know to try them, I know it will be for their own good. You may make what use you like of this letter for the truth requires no study. I remain, yours faithfully, CHAS. FLE ICHER. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Injurious matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprieto GEORGE RADE, 232, Goswell road, London. /PILLS.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
'STORK' MARCARINE

you can't tell it from delicious country butter— just as nourishing and wholesome— yet half the price! Ask your Grocerfor it

For emansing the blood of an impuri- ties from whatever cause striving, there is no ether medicine just as good as Cu/once' BLOOD Manna—that's why in so many cases of Eczema, Bad Legs. Abscesses, Boils, Sore* of all kinds, Piles, Glandular Swellings, Blood Poison, Rheumatism, Gout, to. it has effected truly remarkable cures where all other treat- ments nave failed. It will do Nee wee for you. - CURES ALL

q-..loKes.' 1.1:.o.-6..:a., -mN......t.0te.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
SKIN & BLOOD DISEASES

Of an Chemists and Stoma 2/11 par battle.

A. A. SHWITHO USE LTD,

MEAT and CATTLE SALESMEN, City Meat Market, Birmingham. All kinds of stock sold on commission. Telegrams: “MEAT, BIRMINGHAM."

These tiny Capsules relieve Eidney and Bladder Trouble promptly and cure in forty-eight hours. Each Capsule bears the name " Sold by all Chemists, or post free Ss. 6c1., from

WILCOX & CO. (Dept 50) 49 HAYMARKET, LONDOtt, W.

" TURPOLENE PP IS THE NEW TURPENTINE AND

MANUFACTURED ONLY BY

The Reliance Lubricating 011 Go, 19 a 20, WATER LANE, LONDON, E.C.

sANTA4

===== 0002601_19120203_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIIES

BLANCHARD'S APIOL AND STEEL PILLS

- -- Are unrivalled for all Irregularities, &e, they speedily afford relief and never fail to alleviate all suffering. " BLANCHARD'S are the Best of all pills for Women." 111} per box, of all Chemists, or post free 'rola LESLIE MARTYN, Ltd., 34, DALSTON LANE, LONDON.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S PILLS.

When not

up to

the mark

vVhen your usual good spirits are clouded and depressed; when your fund of energy is low; when your eye loses its lustre and your step its elasticity, when, in a word, you cease to be your own bright self, you should seek the restorative, invigorating properties of Beecham's Pills. Headache, lassitude, loss of energy, want of appetite, generally have their origin in digestive troubles of some sort, and the best way to deal with them speedily and successfully is to

take that most efficacious and reliable of family medicines—.

.8 ir3 „

===== 0002601_19120203_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
--

===== 0002601_19120203_art0139.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19120203_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
4 1 ' .. i,,. . , .1i \ .1. I : .. ,1 - , '.l .:' . . . .15 it'll ! 4 , 4'n• ' el I . ' I'l 1 . i . , 'lll. i , 1. 1, I ' 1 1 1 :I t 1 • i 1 i , r , , II 1 411 :II , , I , • *... : t , s 51.1 1 , .. • - ; I ' '• ll , 11 • e I' 4 • , 1..1. 1 1 i , 1...,,,,..1 i, ;44,1 11 , I ' 1 1 , I .1 . 1 ' 't t , .- , ' ' 1 ',,i •, li't 41 / I 4- II , n'•4 ' , N } . 1 , ' , t I i , ;Ilf 1 1 ; „t(= 1 r ;It 4 1/} ;11 ' ' /I,`''' . 4 1 / • ./ ,t i / , 4 i i I : • 04 i „ ..? , , .. , 1 . ~. • 4 i .*

===== 0002601_19120203_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
PO ND:

Owing to the pressure on our space caused by numerous local events, we have bee n reluctantly com- pelled to hold over till next week, letters from T. B. DUCICWORTZI " E.W.J.," DESMOND O'HANLON " LABOR OMNIk V.MIT," and" TEMPERANC E."—ED. "Ex."

Mr. Lloyd-George and %Yemen's

Suffrage.

Sir,—l am instructed by the N.C.W.S.S. to con- tradict statement lately ciiculated in different papers that Mr. Lloyd-George has informed the N.CLW S.S. that in order te prevent a split in the Cabinet he will favour the proposal to submit Women's Suffrage to a Referendum. There is rro tiuth in the report. - Yours stc ,

L. F. WARING, (Hon. Press Sec. to Warrington W S S.) 2, Brookland's Terrace, Swansea, February Ist, 1912.

12 . ~ . ' ).,.Le.ll°the '-' e 4 -- lii A r 1 r , 1475a,•1A. to 4 45 7 - 1 iniet \\•l k . a. EDITOR 2 _-- ..- ..D \__ --,:__,--- NOTICE TO COIRESI oENTS.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
The C.L.B. and the Exhibition.

Sir,— I noticed during the time that the Dumping Exhibition was being held in the Empire Skating Rink last reek, a body of lads parading the town each night to the strains of a bugle band. I understand that the lads belong to the Juvenile Conservative Association. Owing to the Equipment of the iada in some respects, such as the cap. and white haversack, being somewhat similar to that of the Church Lads Brigade and most of their parades being held after dark, 1 believ• that quite a large number of people thought that they were the Church Lads Brigade. This Brigade is an organization of Church of England lads, the officers and members of which as such know no politics. I wish to say on behalf of nay drams and myself that the Brigade has no conneetion whatever with the Juvenile Conservative Association. I shall be most grateful if you can find space to insert this letter in justice to the Brigade and its many supporters.-1 am, Sir, yours faithfully, F. M. APPLETON, (Officer commanding the Warrington Battalion Church Lads Brigade). Warrington. Feb. 2nd, 1012.

Peoples' College "Old Boys" Sir,—Tha suggestion has been made that the Old Boys of Peoples College have a re-union dinner, and it will, I feel sure, meet with approval from a large number of Old Boys. But why stop at dinner?. Could we not have cur Old Boys association with president, secretary, dinner etc all complete?. Such a suggestion is, however, a very old one, in fact I be- lieve I am correct in saying that the same one was put forward 20 years ago and has been repeatedly re-introdaced since. School re unions, dinners and associations have always a charm of their own and each time the matter has been brought forward it has been received favourably by both young and old Old Boys. All seem to have wished that something of the kind could be brought into being, but no one seems to have made any effort to make a start. That such an ass-ciation would be of immense value in many ways I am quite convinced and on its merits ought to eecure the active co-operation of all Old Boys of the school now resident in Warrington. A cordial invitation is given to all interested in the project to join me in a practical effort to see the matter through and I ask all Old Boys to kindly send their names and addresses to me as early' as possible If I recei /et sufficient response to justify the proposal, I shall be pleased to arrange for an inaugural meeting to be held, the particulars of which would be advertised later. This would give an opportunity for an exchange of views and would be a valuable guide as to whether there is a reason- able chance of successfully forming an association or not. —Tours,

T. N., ASHLEY.

Eorsemarket-street, Warrington. February Ist. 1012.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
The Dumping Exhibition—A Few Facts.

Sir,—M one who firmly believes in our present Free Trade system may I venture to offer one or two remarks concerning the Dumping Exhibition recently held in Warrington? A. great deal of noise has been made and the good old flag has been prominently displayed, but what are the results. A. 4 a spectacular display, the Exhibition was a success, but as a means of education it was a dead failure. These are strong words but I will prove my assertion. The materials exhibited on most of the stalls were very shoddy and trashy and to tell British workingmen, that that was what they had to compete against, was a s'ur on their intelligence. Take the clothing stall. A. German suit was exhibited which coat 255. N. Why, sir, suits can be purchased in England for considerably less, but why ? Because the poor persons making them are sweated to enable big profits to accrue. 'Tis not the foreigner we have to fear, Sir ; it is the sweaters who grind the best out of their employees at a starvation wage. Fancy men in Warrington working besides roaring furnases for the splendid salary of 19s. 101 a week I 'On another stall our exports and imports in iron and steel were shown, but how much ? Only American. Now, Sir, 'tis well known America is a self-producing country, especially 93 far as iprn and steel are con- , cerned. But let us see what really is true. Since r:utr sahrs of iron and steel have risen from £29,000,000 ta £,14,013;.;,l)00 worth. Another stall told the dismal tale of bow we were 'Demi; Twited by the wicked foreigner in our glass and earthwar Q trad",:. litit cur true rotition is this 13Q2 ra .purchase,i 'tall as much again we eole,but in 1910 we sold 1150,000 worth more than we bought. Dying industry' Mr. Chamberlain the great Tariff apostle, said at Greenock in October, 1903, " Cotton will go." So it has, where? To every quarter of the world. In 1902 we sold to the outside world £72,500,000 worth and bought £6,000,000 worth. In 1911 we sold £120,000,000 worth and bought £13,300,000 worth. Who are the Dumpers? Ask Lancashire and Yorkshire. Our Tariff Reform friends are always telling work- ing men and women that Tariff Reform cures unem- ployment. What a fallacy I—happily long since exploded. What has been the recent experience of America and Getmany ? The latest unemployed returns are :—America, 11 per cent ; Germany, no official figures are given, but the " Vorwaerts ' ' a powerful organ makes the following statement "During the months of December and January more than 200,000 homeless and penniless men were received in the municipal night refuge, whilst the privare shelter society has provided for another 31,000, during the same period," Official returns for England, :3 per cent the lowest cn record. Cold com-fort to our Tory friends. Mr. Chamterlain said at Liverpool in October, 1903 : -" I hold the success of a country must he measured by the Imports and Exports. Whiht I do not agree entirely with that argument yet assuming it is correct what do we find? The figures for 1911 have just been published and all previous records have been beaten, Mr. Bonar Law must still pine for his two bad winters I No Dump- ing Exhibition can destroy the facts, hence my assertion, that the show was an utter failure. Our supremacy in the commercial world stands undisputed; Our flag is safe under Free Trade and all this show is only another attempt to side track people's attention 'tom the more important issues. I will deal gently with the clocks that were repre- sented as English and presented as prizes. Perhaps the promoters will tell us where they were made. (perhaps uot).—Yours HARRY NEW.

_ 41ARRINOTON7MARKETS. Wawa, 4slid to 5s per 701bs. o,ur3, 3s to 3s 2d per 451bs. " WHAT ST,EtAw, £3 7s 6d £3 lOs ton. - OT Salts.w; £3 lOs loe• XX.FLOtar,23s 6d per 2401b5. Bitem, Isti per- 2131b5•

- ‘LIVOLID CODIFOTSD' for Longlor end Odds. -A proven qicecy ; d. & Is. lid. Of Chemistsonly.-Advt

•

===== 0002601_19120203_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
Photos Parkinson.

MISS CRCSFIELD as Water Lil MR. A. H. CROSFIELD as Ro'ain

, and Hood.

i ;‘,.........3.,:..,-...,:"..!..,4,wip.i.,:.*.;•,,,..-z,i.;.,e..;:•......,::-.,-.;‘,..,....5.!..i..-g.',•!]•;":..-.4,:..;• .......*-......!4•44..%;:•;•".-11.,-;•,-..,.•:,...- • • ~ -1,.".'=,..? ;.,-i*,..:44,:',.e.i".. ~,,..-... .01. '''','..:.:Ji.:si.:;;.'..-t'1i,...'....4...',.......,";i'..:.'" .':.:44..,;;Yr40,0,,,,z•'•<",,:-.•'.::.;:...:.....;:'.. ' '''.T.•%..111.'.....'';'''C'!.*., e „ .... ...... ..1.:, i.v,<"...',..'.-...;',.....4.5.;4:1;;.'.•....• L'....,. -,....!'::.,:.....,••.,.if.....k.•!:' .."..o':::'4si .4'-- . . k'YZrti;•••,- 4 t.g,'","4 ,', ...',',';.4'.1;,-..::::••.:1.r,:::::,..."...5,-','•-:'.'''''......:::':;':l' ..'•',:et'',Mcql.,...:-,!..;':,'•,'-'• '..-..r.--,- "..7':',.:. ..:',..::;•Zt.C.Nroql=l :',.:::....:',.i..t ''.•,'l')!V&.'''.l-:1;k;,"5::;•:,...'5:':i'i..'.••:-.1.........:::e..-•'.....,..".t!'.5.0.'.g- ~14!•'-i%'.'tf..':.4v4 i' ..'."' . ' ..:•.4.:::-...:i!:.....',:i.i.,';:i.'i:kk.'..i...#....4...; :::..'.'-''.!..:',...!` ilk; ;•. ,;,,z:-;:.,-4,i5....'.7b.1::ig..:.i.r, ji''. :'.i.••,,......c....,4:..'•;',.:-."...;',,v. -.;,..-......-.1..:'.,. •;,-,A1"..•.••wi.:A•• .• ~.4,%:'..',.....,- ...'t ~ -4.,‘...;i- 4,lg,tg••• tt - f . ','".,....‘.':''';•:'•""...':'".:•''.--1'.:*:!%.•:-:••.•.,:::0,t.:.6....:::;.:::•.,:jit'*gr,?.g.,,i,.'.. ',',..;' ‘..,.;'qng'''',4.'....V. '.•''. . ..... .......... . . . ..,,,,, - :.., ..,...w.:4F-.0.",K:::.1.,,.0;,-0;.(,-..z....-,,,.: '.......,.....:.4-4,;,.....,,,,..*.:., • f it .-....i,...:„..„..::::.,0*14...i._,..4,,it.,,,,. ...,:,43,..1t0,:n.i.:1,0:1:... . ::::,..:,......-..,..:....... ..4:•,.. ,-• Ai. ' Altie.'. 's,4l'irx•:-I'lli;',':;:,44:s- ••• ~ . • .*z „.,.:,.,: ? ''''. '' - • -.....-, ..... ' ..04.. , ',....0'aft.',13,',;,1,:,..,.g..1,;;- . .....:,.....,.:..,...„..i.,,,••••• • "..... ' :.1... , 4 .......,. ...:,,,,4":,,,,i,,,,:iNi..,:•;;*?-1'47-.'..".1.1,-.41t.... v., '.' ' ..,...... ~..,.... ....._ .. - . ' ' .i.,„ :1'• -,. ..s:'.'3'.4."':-: ''..Y..'-i........-.'.....,•::•:::?; ' ....•,..,•'.'".5.0.• -•-•--,,,----, i-•,•,-..".'i.,...,. „ . . , ;:,•;.. • ...,.,..:. ~,,....,,,....: '. •.., . ' ....,,-:;•,,..";.,..!"r , „..., - •:-1 ,-. • - , • ---r--......, 1-.4'..-01,..7 .....,rn.,,,,64.....e. 4+ . .. . . ....'llea Y"7. . ,;' ''''.'.... ' ~ •., '...,),*-,; , -..."...., .-;,..y -4111, - -....-','o,‘,. ..--- •1411. .3,„ . ....,.... - --;,- .;... .1i ---•=. • -' • lit' ... i..f : ..f " ' ~...`i..l ii,. .. , .':;,..ej. .kr -, 4...,.;:,t.4.,.:..... r 49 0,, ,- . ' .;•:.,'.•...: . -..,..t1,-...r,7,,,,.....4:1,.....,....,..: -..-.... : . . ..,',.. :',...,.:A.e.:•.-.::•;.,-,:,.! '-- •• ' - . i• .-'• -......:°..:<::,.,,,tr.',1 - .. . ........ ..lt ti .- .. .:..- . ---- --.• -.l'.'..",:"".•''''.•': -t. ..v.;;;;;•,.... • • T ..'-.1.'.-!:-; : - • . ...„ .. .. .. .:. - •'.',..,,, '.--::,0...,... 1 %. . - •••• * - ~k, , ~ . ... .4 ~ .i.,,...17":,.0;01:.....,.....,....1...1:i.,. ~..... , ~ s.‘ ' .;•.:. .? :. 4''.7l'4'* ~,''' , :: •. . ..14,..,‹ .':"... , _ ~, . . ..... . . .. . . . .. . . .... ... . . • ..,.....‘-.. . . 4•.-: <i- 1.... • • :. ... • ... ~, 4, • , A- - • .. . :..,. , . .. . h ~•":•;f..° , . "" , ... . . • • • ...... • . .....: , .. .... . . ~.:-....., , ~ - , ~,. • ..... ~... ' , ' ~, . .'•:- ..1,. • wo -.• .1 • .17 , ..... !,1 ~, ,-.:,,, : 1. ~ . _ . .....'...T. ••. ''..,", ..4 . ,;:-.- „ •1, ~ ~ ...;.,..T,-,....• ..--. .....:---..:.... '' 1 u , _. . . i . . . . ] . .. ... ... . . ' - . . -....., .. >•,. - ' . .. '-,,,,t-- : th.'•'.'4o.;4 .-.; -:,,,difit..-..,:.*,...;:;,.. ~.o‘e.ia-4.7....,..',,, .. ~ --.-,:...: - • ..- . ''l . . . • :.•-• -1-: ' t. 5... '.;‘'i4 •:,...., A: . ...-A`."'"•%l.ltM.F''"f,?,Y.Z.'-'76:.;.?:,''.1,'-• ..-.';: '..:i."'...;:-...i•:: •••• ''• . - ' -4 .... . ... , . ....: , . ~..,,,....,. . .. . .. 'i. '''.••• . •

===== 0002601_19120203_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
GAY SCENES IN PARR HALL.

No prettier spectacle has ever been seen at the Parr Hall than that which was presented on Thursday evening when the Warrington Women's Liberal Association held a fancy dress ball and carnival. The brilliance and animation of the picture called forth admir- ing comments from the spectators who crowded the galleries, for in the number and variety of the characters portrayed the function has probably never been equalled in Warrington. In every respect the success of the ball more than realized the highest expectations, and too much praise cannot be given to Mrs. Osborne, the energetic hon. secretary, and the ladies' committee who were responsible for the arrangements. The beautiful decorations of the hall gave the scene a charming setting. Red, white and blue were the predominant colours and large Union Jacks were suspended at the back of the platform. The attendance of dancers reached the splendid number of 370, over 200 of whom were in fancy costumes The representation of an almost bewildering array of characters gave ample scope for the exercise of taste and ingenuity and friendly rivalry was stimulated by the offer of prizes in the various classes. Before the ball began there was a grand parade of competitors and as the long line of colour unfolded itself, the effect was exceedingly picturesque. Repre- sentatives of different nationalities, comical personages, foresters, toreadors, pierettes, red Indians, flower girls, jesters—and a host of others were to be seen in the procession. Of the original touches, one of the most striking was a tram conductor's uniform which appeared to be one mass of tram tickets. The company gave a cordial welcome to Mr. A. H. CrosfielJ, who appeared in the

===== 0002601_19120203_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
KNUTSFORD DIVISION LIBERALS.

Prospective Candidate at Appleton.

Mr. P. M, Oliver, Trospective Liberal Candidate for the Knutsford Division visited Appleton on Thursday evening and delivered an ihterr sting addre:es in the schoolroom. .

Mr. H. G. Rob.rts who presided, in opening the proceedings, said be was sure they were all glad to see Mr. Oliver. (Hear, hear.) Ile was a young man and enthusiastic in the cause of Liherelism. He (the chairman) thought that when they bad heard him speak they would be pleased with him and he hoped that at some Lot very distant date they would have him as their member. (Applause) Many things had happened sinee he (the chairman) was in that room last. lie hoped that when the nest time came to , fight they would be able to give a hater account of ' themselves. (Applause.) Mr. Oliver said be was there to deal very largely with the Insurance Act. Fortunately, the Bill had become an Act. He said fo tunately, because he believed that that Act was going to he one cf the bees measures that had ever been placed on the S:atute Book. (Hear hear.) At the beginning, when first the Bill came into the House of Commons, bAh parties were united in supporting it. Ile Liberals thought that at last they had get a measure on which everyone as ;;;rt.pd, Npyr the Act was on the St Jute 11c.,1 the 7 liNe. to And nut how it was going to affeat each one of them. Turning to the questi, nof how the Act would affect farmers and farm labourers Mr. Oliver said that f.r the farmer who paid his men, generally teamsti re, when they were ill the measure would put something into his pocket. tinder the Act if a man was ill, he would draw 103. from the State. There was another way in which the farmer would benefit. He would not make any definite promise but he was of the opinion that the Act ought to do something to decrease the Poor Rate. It was a fact that nearly half he paupers in this county went to the Workhouse either directly or indirectly through sickness. One third of the pauperism was caused directly through sickness. If a person was receiving 103. per week he had an opporiunity of keeping out of the Workhouse. If they got that opportunity then the Poor Rate cught to be reduced. (Bear, hear.) The Liberal premises that had been made in 1906 bad been fulfilled. (Hear, bear.) They did not make many promises but they had ben in p iwer an I given many things which they in that room ought to be part: eu- lady thankful for. Many things bad been accomplished for the benefit of the farmers. (Hear, hear.) The Liberal party had spent more time considering agriculture than the Conservatives For five years the Conservative party only considered it for five hours. Turning to the Insurance Act again, Mr Oliver said that what some people did as a kindness everyone of them ought to do as a duty and what some working people were receiving as charity they ought to receive as a right. (Applause.) By doing that the employer of labour would get better and more con- tented wcrk people. (Hear, bear.) There were a great ' many workers leaving the country districts and going into the towns. In some parts of that division it was difficult to find sufficient agricultural labourers.lf they were wing to let the man in the town have the benefit ani not give the benefits to thee in the country districts it would mean that the labourers woold continue to go out into the towns. The result would be that the supriy of agricultural labourers would be cut short and the employers would have to pay higher I wages. The measure would he of great assistance to the farmer. (Applause.) Mr. Oliver then dealt at some length with the benefits to be derived from the Act and alsa explainer-the:rye those who were ia friendly societies stood. The Act would put all friend:y aocietice on a sound and workable footing. Some Repoe had got the idea that the money was going to So in paying high salaries for the ( filcials. No one could draw out of the fund except those who paid into it. (Applause).

, %use). Questions were invited, and these Mr. Oliver answered most satisfactorily. Councillor Grindle gave an interesting address on the Insurance Act and the Horn% Rule question. LI opening his remarks, he said that the Liberal Govern- ment had done more for the working class in the five

or six years it had been in power than any othei Governmet,t whic:h had held office during theitime of any one present at that meeting. (A Voice: " Right.") Seme peorle . were troubled because the Liberal Government was going too fast, It would go faster. They had got cne clog off the wheels in the shape of the House of Lordi. (Hear, hear) The Courcil then explail eel many points in regard t the Home Rule question, end at the close both he and Mr. Oliver and the Chairman were accorded a hearty vote of thanks.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS* OSBORNE as Cleopatra, and MR. OSBORNE c s Sir Walter Raleigh.

guise of that bold outlaw, Robin Hood, the make up" being an excellent one. He was accompanied by Miss Crosfield, as Water Lilies; Mr. Benson, as a Viking; and Miss Le Thick, as Rosalind. Other notable characterisations were :—Mr. E. Osborne, as Sir Walter Raleigh; Mrs. Osborne,Cleopatra ; , Mr. E. V. Walker, Little John; Mrs. E. V. Walker, Italian peasant; Miss Walker, Norwegian peasant; Miss Booth, Night; Mrs. Delaney, Toreador: Miss Short, Folly; Mrs. Halliwell, Egyptian lady; Mrs. Lindley, Mohammedan lady; Mrs. T. Locker, Pierette ; Mr. H. M. Ashton, the Bargee. From 8 p.m. until 2 a.m. dancing was kept up right merrily, an excellent programnSe of music being played by Mr. Blake's orchestra. The duties of M.C's. were discharged by Mr. E. Osborne, Alderman D. Tinnion, Councillor J. T. Locker, Mr. E. A. Sanders, Mr. Booth and Mr. P. Delaney. There was also a large number of stewards. For non-dancers a whist drive had been. arranged, Mr. F. Lindley and Mr. W. Bibbk‘acting as M.C.'s. The winners of the first prizes were :-- Ladies, Mrs. Harvey ; gentlemen, Mr. Jackson.

Prominent members of the party present, in addition to those already mentioned, were: Mr. C. E. Parker (president of the Liberal Association), Councillors J.Wilkinson and J. Halliwell, Mr. Joseph Wilkinson and Mr. H. New.

• The judging of the fancy eO9#IIITIOS was unckrtaken by Mr J Harvey and Mr J Critehley who mad 3 their awards as follows :

Floral (ladies) : Miss Ehde Ifoot e (Summer Rose) Industrial (gentlemen) : Mr O.,rdon Grote, (tram Conductor) Nati.mal Character Costumes (ladies) : I, Miss Booth (Orance Girl) ; 2, Miss C WhiCield (Nord) American National Character Costumes (gentlemen) : Mr Delaney, inn. (North American Indian)

Ilistotical (ladies) : Miss Jordan (Early Victorian) ; he, Mrs Bull (Miss W Owen) Historical (gentlemen) : Mr J Hall (Roman Centurion) Comical (ladies) : Mrs Lowe (Welsh Lady) Comical (gentlemen) : Mr J Drinkwater (Giddy Old Tramp) Otiginal (ladies) : Mrs G S Pendlebury (Ruination) Original (gentlemen) : 1, Mr Frank Lindley (capital and labour) ; 2, Mr Boyle (monkey) Cheapest Costumes (ladies) : 1. Miss Cunnirnzbana (Irish collet n), cost of costume Is Eid ; 2, Miss Madge Knowles (Folly), cost of costume 2s. 11d. Best Paper Costume : Miss Cook (Tulip). Special Prize for Fancy Dres (ladies) : Miss Owen (Stars and Stripes). Miss Crosueld gave a special prize f3r competition by the ladies' committee and, by popular vote, this was awarded to Miss Booth for her representation of " Niuht."

nut.° was a pleasing little ceremony wh,n Miss Crosfield presented the prizas to the winners. At the close Mr. A. H Oros&Id made a short speech. He said the ball not only presented a beiutiful sight but was a w3nderful display of originality, taste and artistic skill. They had great redson to be proud of a Liberal ball which had ptoduced such a striking effect as they SAW !n the hall that night. It quite justified them in Ltokinu forward to making the ball an annual affair. (Applause.) They all felt—and he was glad to hare that opportunity of saying so—that they were, as usual, greatiy indebted to the indefatigable vrorli of Ms. Osborne in arranging the ball—(applause)— but ha was sure its immense succe3s would be the very I.)st reward fir all the pains and troubles eh* had taken. Mrs. Crosfield was disappointed not to b 3 able to attend, but she was busy going in for a course of music. Felsloally he—and he had no doubt all preheat—bad thoroughly enjoyed the hall and in colclnsion he might say that if it were not for good old Free Trade it would perhars not be quite so easy for the dwellers in the industrial towns of Lancashire to enjoy themselves in the way they were able to in these days. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19120203_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

WARRINGTON AND DISMCT LEAGUE.

JYLAND WORRNIEN'S RECREATION CLUB V. Smaor. CONEERVATIVES.—PIayed at Itslam& Pavilion on Tuetday.—Score

- RYLANDS. CONSERVATIVES. J Sinclair (capt) 3 Leal- lOO R Ellis J Jeffery 95 T Horrobin lOO IF Langley 72 H Parkes lOO It Elea It liarolilett GI Thomas ~ lOO T Lacilence €B T Ws thurst

704 INcrity for Corgertatives 42 pointg,

WITITFCIIOS3 V. LITIF.RAL CLI;II.—On Thur3dAy Whitecross had as their visitors in a billiard ms'el the CIO and gained an easy Tictory. The 0,:,o rk.

IS-11tricttc,11., LIBERAL cLtB. It Ml4sh • 100 E A Sandcre .. ....... ... 91 II 031 iQS 3 A Sid,.'nll S Maroey W White lOO W Woods W Br.rrow ........... ....... 62 W Ford l. 100 ___ __ _ . . .

Booth J Davies lOO S Littlewood ...... 81

762 Wbitecross won by 112 points. FRIENDLY NIATCFIE. _

RYLANDS V. WIDNES WORRIa OMEN'S CoNSERVATIVE CLIDI —Played at the Pavilion, Goreey-lanc, on 1 Saturday. Scores : J Sinclair, captain - C 6 H Eyes J Leal: IGO J Stanley G 2 T W4thurst 1J JPflo,y, lOO Cohen 33 G Middleton 43 Newall T Humphries 7O Hiyuham II Maddock 66 Barlow lOO T Reddish, lOO Ike Taylor B7 W Birch F Wediwarth lOO Ilosker G Critchley

1,C61 1,042 Bylands won by 19 pointy. This friendly match having been arranged to be played on the visit of the Widnes Football Tea-n to Warring- ton, gave the Widnes spectators the opportunity of looting through the pavilion, and thove who ptid the visit on Saturthy last were most favonrably impressed wilh the club. A most interesting and enjoyable evening was spent. Twelve games were played and a very close and keen contest was witn.sse-d, Hr T Reddish having for his opponent the old Warrington centre, Mr I Taylor. Bylaw's play Brunner Mond, Winnington P.rk to-day, and Junior Conservative Club next week in the League, • Warrington P.S.A. Soeety. The weekly meeting of the above society was held in the Co-operative Hall on Sunday last. Mr, Maddock occupied the chair, and illustrated the adventogea to be derived from P.S.A. Societies. An address wavdelivered by Mr. Gleave, taking for his subject.,' Trotibles that never reach us.'' Be dwelt at some length, on troubles tbat are assumed. They are often too frequently visible in the mind but never seen by the naked eye. People of this description generally beckenie morose, despondent, and pessimistic, not only robbing them- srlveri of many years of pleasure but their action had its effect on many others by whom they were surrounded. A cornet solo" The lost chord" was very ably played by Mr. Harding with orchestral accompaniment. Mr. Clay read the lesson. Prayer was offered by the President.. e ` r • _

'Tmuscrltm,' a New Liquid Cement for Mending add Making. In tubes ld., 2d., 3d., 6d.--Advt.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
St. John's Presbyterian Church.

Preaching on Sunday evening from Prov. ix. 1., Mr. Reid referred to the change of atmosphere expsrienced by readers of such books as Proverbs, Ecclesiastes and several of the Aprocrypbsl writings which he described as in the realm of the " Hebrew wisdom literature," belonging to the late Persian and Greek periods of Jewish history. Prior to the captivity it had played relatively a small part in religious life, the vital pro- gressive spirit expressing itself in prophecy, which had laid the foundations for the future wisdom teaching. The sage was the true descendent of the prophet, and it was his duty to adjust the truths passed on to the new problems of his day. The leaching of wisdom had dove& per!. First thought of as an attribute of God it had become prrsonifi,d, and regarded as His companion in the creation, ur.til it found its consummation in the logos of the fourth gospel. Mr. Reid spoke of NS isdom's house as the expression of the Christ spirit or clothing upon of the Christ life, and referred to seven indispens- l'hle Fillars up3n which such a life is found to rest.

tie Bishop of Chester and Disestablishment A Plea for Temperate Discussion. The annual meetings of the various Chester Diocesan Associations were held at Chester on Wednesday. The Bishop of Chester. who presided,referred to the question of d:scstahUshrnent. He rejoiced, he said, that this great question was being brought before the nation, thoroughly discussed, and well fought out wi:h the pee ple. gllo believed that there were toler- ably clear signs that the eyes of people were being petted to the various mistakes of such a measure. He thoturht, cupposiog the present Goverrmmt continued in ffice and the present Parlia- ment went on for two years, that by the end of that tio e Welsh disestablishruent would he whittled down to proportions not visible to the raked eye. (Laughter and applause.) They would agree that any other than temperate discussion of the tubject was unworthy of them, and if they had to use violent epithets they might be sure it indicated a weak cause, and of course this was true of the opposite side. They were grateful to the speakers up and down the cotaery, and would only impress npon them the necessity of taking care that they did not kill one of themsehes in endeavouring to kill the bill. (Laughter).

. .. ..i:17..: , r - ....,:' . .. , .-7-_,... ". 01.1 r ,„, :. ..,,/,._. ...... , cilia -=!:4llitiX=7.eA . Lit _ . 14ittitilhil . _ .... ...., _ .... .. .. ... .

===== 0002601_19120203_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Peter's Church.

Success attended the annual treiparty in connection with t.Peter's Church which WS held in the schoolroom John-street, en Monday evening. About 200 persons sat down to tea, the tables being presided over by lady members of the congregstion.After tea the pupils OiMin3 Dring's school gave a highl-y enjoyable entertainment, the progranime being well varied and most interesting thrcughout. During an interval. Councillor Stekl, who presided, said the congregations were increasing, and the funds of the church were in a healthy condition. St. Peter's was a !ergs parish, and its needs were many. They had the reputation of being a congregation hich, nlthoJgh poor, always contributed well to the many organizations which were carried out in their midst. As they were aware, St. Peter's was the only church in the parish, and it had become necessary to extend the work. The schoolroom was becoming too small to nccorarnodate the children in the Sunday school, and some of the classes of the larger children had to be tram ferred each Sunday to the Mission building. In %Mil ion, Mrs. Percival each Sunday after- noon held a very large Young Women's Bible Class in in the bottom room at the Mission, and on Sunday evenings a servio3 was held in the Mission by the Church Army, services which be (the chairman) was sure acre greatly appreciated by a large number of people. Recently, a young men's recreation club in connection with the tren's Bible class had been started and they had had to find accommodation in the Mission. They would, therefore, see that the Mission Hall was being tested to its full capacity. Unfortunately the 1. building was in a bad state of repair, and having regard to the extended requirements it was thought advisable to appeal for funds for the building of a larger Mission No doubt some generous friends would give them a good sten, which would encourage the congregation to make an effort amongst themselves. (Applause.) ' On the proposition of the Rev. B. Percival, a hearty vote of thanks was awarded to Miss Dring and her pupils, and to Councillor Steel for -presiding.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
TALKS ON HEALTH.

[l3x A FAMILY DOCTOR.]

I TATA ABOUT BACTERIA.

Our ideas about disease lave undergone a reyolution since it was discoyered that a great many of the familiar diseases wore due to microbes. A new science was initiated called bacteriology, and the men who pursued the science wero known as bacteriologists. A bacteriologist is a clever man, who generally has a protuberant fore- head, a bald head, aid eyes weak from con- stantly straining his vision by looking clown a microscope studying minute objects. Now, the use of a powerful microscope re- veals another world to us; there are micro- scopic forests with microscopic denizens; there are fierce little creatures witiolt prey upon harmless little beings, just as lions prey upon antelopes.

:4): -----

MICROBES OF MANY KINDS.

There are all sorts of minute organisms, and their shapes, habits, diet, manners, and customs are studied by the bacteriologist just as the botanist studies plants and the zoologieb animals. We find, for instance, that polar bears live in cold climates, and would die if put in the clesert, and that camels enjoy living in the desert, and would die in Arctic regions. We know that ferns prefer a moist, shady place, and could not live in the sandy plains, but that palms and the cactus flourish in dry, sandy soils. There are just as many kinds of microbes as there are kinds of animals. There are lions and elephants and guinea-pigs and jelly-fish, and, in the microscopic world, there are the specific organisms known as the bacilli of tuberculosis, ef boils and car- buncles, and of typhoid fever, etc. They all have to be studied, because we can then dis- cover what they like and what they do net like, and I need not tell you that we are only too ready to apply to tk• microbes of fell diseasee everything they strongly ob- ject to.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BACILLUS OF CONSUMPTION.

Suppose we were to look down a powerful microscope at a collection of germs, what would they really be like? Of course, when you 6E6 pictures in comic papers of microbes with snapping jaws, oreepy-orawly legs, and flapping wings, that is only fun. They have no such attributes; no, they are the simplest kind of creature you can imagine. The word "bacterium" means a "rod," and the word "bacillus" means a "little rod." These microbes or germs look like short rods; the bacillus of consumption is just like a saimage in shape—no legs or arms, nor eyes and ears—just a sausage. This sausage can grow by lengthening out and then dividing into two, as though someone had tied a string round its middle and pulled it tight. Then those two grow long and divide again, and so on indefinitely.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
—: o: LOCKJAW.

Or take another example, the bacillus of Lockjaw. It does not matter where you cut yourself or how deep you go; if there are no bacilli in the wound you will not get lockjaw; if there are you will. A clean cut between the thumb and first linger will not. give you lockjaw, but a cut on the top of your teed or the sole of your foot contain- ing dirt with the special bacillus in it will certainly give you lockjaw. We can spot this bacillus because it is shaped like a drum-stick; it has a blob at one end, and we know that it likes to grow in mould, especially in the neighbourhood of a farm- yard or stables where horses are kept. This teaches us that a cut into which dirt from the floor of a stable has got should be moat carefully cleansed.

0:- DIRT AND DISEASE.

Now, it 19 all very well for bacteriologists to pore over microscopes, but can you and I learn anything of practical use to us in our everyday life from their studies? Well, I think we can, or I would not have written all this. First of all let us remember that disease microbes are very, very small. An ant would appear an enormous mammoth to a microbe. , If a microbe met an ant walk- ing along, it would be terrified lest one step from the ponderous limb of the ant would crush the microbe to a jelly. Microbes are very small and very light—• light as dust and can float in the air. That is number one fact. The next fact that you must remember is that microbes love dirt ; wherever rubbish heaps, dirty dust-bins, dusty rooms, filthy back-alleys are, there will microbes flourish. Yea, and not only in dirty places but in dirty persons. An un- washed tramp who has never been really clean in his life is a menace to all of us. Has your little boy been ill from some microbic disease? "Well, the microbe; that laid him low came from some dirty person or from some dirty place. We always knew that dirt was bad; but now that we know a little more, now that we can take some of that dirt and look at it under a microscope and find disease germs in it, surely we may make renewed efforts to keep ourselves, our houses and our towns, as clean as possible.

:o A LESSON FROM FRUIT FARMING.

What a glorious vista it. opens up—a united effort of the whole forty millions of wretched eto makethessteativslead out forndose/eau, wanandt of the microbes a place to lodge. When microbes advertise in their papers for dwellings they ask for a suitable dirty residence, with bad drains, very little sunlight, darkness preferred, if possible near an open cesspool, no baths (h. and c.), and no fresh air. So remember, number one fact, they are as light as air; number two fact, they love dirt and dark- ness, for their deeds are evil; and now for the most important fact—number three— they cannot live in healthy bodies. I was reading a book on fruit-terraing the other day and came across the statement that, although there are several ways of fighting the blight that settles on trees, as a matter of fact the only proper method of resisting blight is to keep the trees healthy, and then they will have enough vitality of their own to destroy the blight of themselves. It struck me at once that it would be a grand day for the people of England if only they would learn what the fruit-farmers have discovered—that microbes will not grow on healthy bodies.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
HELP YOURSELVES.

So you see, friends, you must help your. selves; you must not stand idle and say you expect the doctors will invent something some day to rid us of disease. God helps those vrho help themselves; we shall never discover anything that will do better work than soap and water, good food well cooked and properly masticated, fresh air, exercise, and sleep. What we can, and must, do is to help the less fortunate to reach these desir- able ends; and especially must we help the little children. I am only one, but I try to do my microscopic share. Please help me; and I invite your sympathy now as I start out to my school, where I shall find half the children begrimed with dirt and with vermin in their hair. When I die I want this written on my tombstone: "He loved little children and he tried to do them good."

===== 0002601_19120203_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW WE GET CHILLS.

In the autumn, when colds are so common, the clothing that is best suited to avoid chills may well be discussed with advantage. It Must be pointed out that it is not so much the cold weather in itself that is dangerous as the sudden changes from a warm house to a cold street. We could easily stand a low temperature indefinitely if we were in the same temperature all the time, but, no organism eau resist, the heavy strain put upon' it: by this- iapi:4alternation a heat and cold. First the-,eolei hedroom, then the warm breakfast-room then the Geld

walk to the station ano tire minute,* LZ tral • ing about in the draught waiting for the train; then the stuffy journey with ten people breathing the same air over and over again, all the windows being tightly closed; then a cold shivering ride on top of a 'bus and the incarceration in a badly-ventilated, over-heated office—no wonder wia get chills.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
A SONG IN THE MORNING

Everyone hail some plan or fad whereby We may never have colds again as long as we live. My own fad is that everyone who can stand it, and most of us who are in ordinary' health can, should have a cold bath in the . morning. Do not grumble and shiver, just : go and do it. Have a good rub down and i i make your skin glow, and sing at the toe of your voice, because it is good for you.. Stop singing when the neighbours complain. My other recommendation is to have a war= overcoat. When you are sitting in a roons • beautifully warmed by a fire, you do not.. really need those enormously thick under— clothes that you wear. As a matter of fact, , the temperature of the room with a fire 19 )higher than the summer temperature. No, i it s not in the house that you need SO much extra clothing, it is when you go out; it ig wiser to spend money on a warm overcoat ,i than on warm underclothing. The men who' go seeking for the l'oles in frigid tempera- tures do not suffer from colds even when ' they sleep out in the snow.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS THE SAME.

It is -astonishing that so long as we are in health our temperature is always the same, , 1 viz., between 98 and 99 degrees Fahrenheit. That is why the doctor takes your tempera- ture with a clinical thermometer. Unless you are ill, the thermometer ought to. register 98 degrees. It does not matter. 4", whether it is midsummer or midwinter; it 't matters not whether you are in the crickef.? field making: a "century," with the perspiretion streaming down your face, or whether: you are shivering in an east wind watching a football match, your temperature 10 always the same. The nigger sweltering es the line and the Eskimo sitting-, on the North) Pole are both of exactly the same tempera.' ture as registered by the thermometer. ) One's own feelings are deceptive. It is well' known that in a paroxysm of malaria, when - the temperature 13 mounting up and the patient is quite hot, he will shiver till hie.,,: teeth chatter again, and he will draw the bed clothes around him closer and closer to try and keep warm.

===== 0002601_19120203_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
EATING TOO FAST.

Now listen to the words of wisdom; it 15 my turn to talk. You say that Ernest eats a tremendottel- lot, and Yet he remains a° thi° as a rake, and the others are all going the same way. The truth is that they do not ' really get the goodness out of the food you' supply because they eat too fast. It is nO good going to the market yourself, no goo 4 staggering home with the basket, useless t‘!, be the best cook for miles around, of aw: avail to put the food on the table in a* appetising, manner. You do your dutyt mother mine, but no sooner is the food 4:o‘ the plates of your offspring than it has goueij disappeared, bolted, wolfed. They might A well have no teeth at all, fc,r they are never usod.

BABY KILLED BY TRAMCAR. LIFEGUARD'S FAILURE. An 'tomtit wee held on Monday night on Elizabe, Chesworth, aged two years, of the Black Home 10' Blackbrook, Haydeck, who had been killed by a trays' car.—Mr. E. W. Swift appeared for the Tramway parry. and Mr. Ilaslam Fox for the relatives. Driver James Almond said he was driving from Helena to Ilaydock, end noticed the child standing the footpath. The child suddenly made a dart as if get across the road and it fell on the rail. He shut 4 his power and put on the emergency brake, atoppieg about three yards. The lifeguard came into operatlo) but the child slipped under it, and was cruthcd by axle-box. Sliitness weal cross-examined by Mr. F, x as to failure of the lifeguard to pick up the child, but be could not explain it. It certainly fell without putting it down with his foot. He was sure if child had not caught its foot on a tett or something fallen the accident would net have happened, 'aes. The jury returned a verdict of" Accidental deal and exonerated the driver from blame. 7 hey ex,' their sympathy with the family.

FElDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alder, Smethurst, Bolton, and J Evans, Messrs 5 Wright/ Thornton, G Pilling and W Furnens. WIFE DF.SERTIOS.—JOhO Henry Beckett. Falter, 47f Gardens, WI'S summoned by his wife Elizabeth , desertion.—Coreplainant stated that defendant left teo at the latter end of September.—The magistrP granted a reparation order with 7s GI per wcek.

IN MEMORIAM. In loving memory of our dear Mother, Prtlseli'n4 NURSE, mho died at Stockton Ileatb,February 3rd,

TOO WartßlNGTON.—Printed and Published by JonNW,AI.,--,,ral et Co. (Warrington), Ltd., at The EXtllni7ler ueTbf Printing Works, idewsey-street, and publisheu them at the same place, and also at 2, The rgXa In} et. Offices, Victoria-read; Wiuxas. 3, Goonga-S‘lice ST. EIF.LaNs. 3,, Market-street, E.anuts,ro Chun:l-street, RmiCats. FEBRUARY 3 1912.

-• .„

===== 0002601_19120203_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
r r nishing Problem -Solved.-

===== 0002601_19120203_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD-FASHIONED METHODIST SERVICES _BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH. IQ-MORROW (SuNDAY), FEBRUARY 4Tir, selection of old Metbodibt Hymns to old thodist Tunes will be sting at each service. AUGMIibiTEID CHOIR—STRING ORCHESTRA AND ORGAN. PRIACHIRS REV. EBENEZER MORG AN, REV. HUGH NV ILLI A.MSON B. A.. COME EARLY. RETIIuRn— ouAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 3Tn, AT 730 " 8. P. COLLIER, MaNclizexerr, WILL STIAIK• MR. W. CLEGG WILL PRESIDII, °EFERTERIES IN AID OF HOME MISSIONS

BAPTIS T CHURCH, LATCHFORD TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 4T(i. PILEICHIR REV. J. S. CHEDBURN. Morning 10 SO. Eveniug 6.0. OFFIRTORIES.

WSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CIIURO WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) FEBRUARY 47-n, 1912 MOLNINO 10.80: REV. H. WILLIAMSON BA. Eymaxitt 6.0: REV. W. A. BECKEIT. All Welcoml. Hymn Books provided.

STREET WESLEYA WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 471 f, Morning 10.30.: RBV. E. MORGAN. Tening 5.30.: RIM H. WILLIAMSON, 13. A. 11 Welcome. Hymn Books provided.

Uli N 8 PRESBYTERIAN W ILDERSP 00 L CAUSEWAY. Tn ---,,..0RR0W (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY int, 1912. PREACHER: REV. RILLIAId RBID. 10.45 : "Pursued by Mercy." 6.30 : "lmmorbality."

WITTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STILE Li. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEBRUARY 473. REV. H. OGDEN. Morning 10.45. Iteening 6.30. Wednesday at 8 p.m. OARSIDL E, (Stanchestsr.) All Seats Free. \V ILIFFE CONGREGATIONAL amildit BE WSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. 10-MORROW (SUNDAY). FEBRUARY tar, 1912. PREACHER : REV. J. YONGE. Morning 10.30 Evening 6.30 13taiect : Evsaing Discourse " Westminster Abbsy ani' John Bunyan. " E. The Lord's Supper at 7.45. I,v ARRINGTON SOCIALIST SOCIETY, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). FRANK H. EDWARDS, Birkenhead, 2.20 AND 7.30 P.M. TEAS PROVIDED 5 O'CLOCK. TILLET, Cu-OPERATIVE HALL, FEB. 1271. WrCI—FITFE P.S.A. SOCIETY.—AN OPEN JAN MEETING TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), eIIarRALAN • 4•IITN, 1912, at 3 p.m. in WYCLIFFE CHURCH. ti : CECIL H. S. WILLSON, Esq., Head- -I,ssani Grammar School. : Rev. WM. REID, Presbyterian Church, pool Causeway. 00L01 G " Mils EMILY TAYLOR. REcruat : Miss • . CORNEY. Usual eollections. Hearty welcome to all.

OYAL COURT THEATRE WARRINGTON. ~, PROPRIETOR: SIR JOSEPH BEECHAM. ' "ICNERAL MANAGER : MR. A. M. LOADER. AGTING Matiactais : Ms. H. L. WARBURTON. MONDAY, FEBRUARY STH, ANL. /TYR roLLowrict NIGHTS, AT 7.30. MIL LODGE PERCY'S COMPANY MA SENSATIONAL DRAMA rit GREATEST SCOUNDREL LIVING. BY A. MGLEOD LOADER. POPULAR PRICES. Mr. Richard Flanagan's "Twelfth Night. 117 ARRINGTON I.L.P. A DEMONSTRATION IN THE , CO-OPERATIVE HALL. ON FEB. STH, oPLAKER : J. R. MACDONALD M.P, COMMENCE 7.45. Admisai n oFree. Front Seats Gd.

CITIZENS' GUILD OF HELP AND MOTHERS' AND BABIES WELCOME. CO-OPERATIVE HALL. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY I.3TH, AT 7.30 r.m. 1 THE BISHOP OP LIVERPOOL. MISS E. MACADAM. T....CANON STEVENSON, CAPTAIN CROSFIELD, - ' IL'Ill• JAS. BALL, J. A. RAN SOME and W. H. `• - I'I'•••AINSPIELD will speak. - THE MAYOR WILL PRESIDE. COLLECTION. PARE BALL, WARRINGTON. WEDNESDAY, FEB. 7TH, 1912, AT 8 P.M. MR. R. H. PEARSON'S L. GRAND EVENING CONCERT , (by arrangement with Herr Gorlitz). FirT STELLA CAROL, JIE lIAPVELLOUS YOUNG PRIMA DONNA. 'igttor Car*uso says "She is the wonder of the age." MR. FRASER GANGE, THE GREAT SCOTTISH BASSO, DOROTHY WEBSTER, 41111 BRILLIANT ENGLISH CONTRALTO. MR. CLEMENT HARVEY. , TLE EMINENT ENGLIS FI PANIST. , MISS LILIAN FOULIS. IrIE POPULAR SCOTTISH VIOLINIST. , HENRY FRANSELLA, , 'JOU, FLAUTIST OF THE ROYAL OPERA. , MISS AMY WATTS THE GIFTED ELOCUTIONIST. otPurtricsts ov ADUISSION:—Reserved Front Seats (Body Ii p,44) 4s. Centre Gallery 3s , Second Seats ,Body of sead't,' -3. Unreserved Side Galleries Is. 6.1., Back Gallery Idr ack Seats (Body of Hall) Is. Plan now open at t:_-earson'a,l3ridge St. Te 1.501 INT-UTSFORD DIVISION LIBERAL . ASSOCIATION. . PUBLIC MEETING in, COUNC SCHOOL, ANTROBUS. . ''''ttSDA IL Y NEXT, FEBRUARY FTII, AT 7.30 r.m. Lib' 14Rgns P. M. OLIVER, DA/. (Proskectlve eral Candidate), ROBERT LEWIS, E9Q. . • ---------________ INGTON PERVANENT BENEFIT -, •iv BUILDING SOCIETY ANNUAL AUDIT. 800 are are kindly requested to eend in their Past . 4, p!to itTr. Edwin Bradshaw, Chartered Account Ant, p tet'r Pt St., Warrington, one of the Society's auditors, nter than SATURDAY, the 10th inst. 1 C, E„ pirv-____....Lqpt at.. Warrington. A. H. CLIVE, Secretary. , tiliEr WARRINGTON MUSEUM COMMITTEE : Lee,„ ''''''g to announce that the following Popular ...roe , „.„. will be delivered under the auspices of the Ogden Trustees. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10TH, " The Treasures of Rome," BY C. ROWLEY, ESQ. CITAIRMAN : THOMAS BIRTLES, ESQ. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17TH, ''''° Pre-raphe,lite Brotherhood : Holman Hunt, 1. Millais, Rescetti and others,' By 3. E. pHYTHIAN, ESQ. ,k L CITAIRATAN • W. H. J. JENICINs, EEQ. 'lntern Illustrations at the NIASONICI HALL, $ -------„,. BOLD ST., at 7.10 p.m. Admission Frre. u (jLNI ty BOROUGH Ote WARRING-TON. CARP-. EDUCATION COMMITTEE. ---,-,IARER FOR THE NEW EVELYN STREET WANT COUNCIL SCHOOL. of 'ED, a man and his wife to act as KEEPERS g •s‘e New Evelyn Street Council School. The v. man mustbe not less than 30 nor more than 45 of i The age' d 179ith . Wages will be at the rate of £lOO per annum, ~„ .tuse, fuel, &3.1. o,Landidates nc must, before applying, read the conditions 't „Itrointroent and the list of dutiee, which, together ' Patti the necessary form of application and further --, , Wars, may be obtained from the undersigned, to 1 l'," .7,114 rn the applications must be sent by not later than il,rsclaY, the Bth February, 1012, aucation (Mee, J. MOORE MURRAY, M.Sc., Sankey St re?.t. 20th January, 1012. Secretary and Director.

PALACE AN D HIPPODROME. 7.0.-TWICE NIGHTLY-9.0. MONDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY frrx. FLORRIE GROVES. IN A DRAMATIC EPISODE: BROUGHTON & CREEDON. IN AN INSTRUMENTAL AND VOCAL SCENA. FIIPPODROME PERFECTION PICTURES. FIVE BOMBAYS, In a Novel Singing and Dancing Act. DAN RODNEY, Eccentric Comedian. EMMIE AMER, Comedienne. HARRY BANCROFT, Actor and Chorus Vcoaliat. JARVIS AND MARTINE. COMEDY JUGGLERS. Gallery 2d., Pit 4d., Grand Circle Gd., Stalls la.

PICTUREDROME. SANKEY ST. NEXT TO G.P.O. MONDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 51.1 r, BILL'S FLUTE OR "MUSIC HATII CHARMS TO SOOTHE THE SAVAGE BREAST." THURSDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY Bns, AULD LANG SYNE. MATINEES EVERY AFTERNOON at 3.0 mod CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE'S EVERY EVENING FROM 6 O'cLocs TO 10.30 Prices as usual.

HAIRCOIMINGS I made tip 2,- per oz. COVERLETFE I TAILS OF ) PROM HAIR FRAMES, I PURE I 5/6 FRom 3[6 E Awl. 1 HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is prepared to receive loans, either at six months notice or for a term of years.—Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURIOR, Municipal Ofticee„ Warrington.

WILLIAM COOKE, F.R.C.0., Professor of Masi.. Pupils obtained Advanced Honours, Organ and Pianoforte in Assisted Board exams., 8.A.M., and B.C.M. and Trinity College London, obtaining exhibitions, gold and silver medaIs.—BROOKFIELD VILL.as, Lymm.

'WILLIAM COOKE, F.R.C.0., Organist, Lymm Pariah Church. Lessons in Pianoforte and Organ Playing at pupils residence : At 121, Church St., Runcorn or at Brookfield Villa, Lymm. Pupils success- fully prepared for any bona-fide examinations in Music.

CH. DAWSON, Teacher of Music.—Schools s visited, special course for School Tea chers Elementary and Advanced, Sight Singing,Ear Training, Tonic Solfa Solo Singing. Pupils prepared for A.R.C.M. era L.R.A.M. in Pianoforte Playing. Recent success.

MRS. HUBI-NEWGOILRE GIVES LESSONS in VOICE PRODUCTION, SINGING (Italian Method), Pianoforte, Theory, Harmony, Thorough Bass. Counter- point, Composition. Candidates prepared for:Exams. of Associated Board, Roy. Coll. and Roy. Acad. and Trin. Coll., London. Pupils have always taken first place at Exams. in Senior Singing, and have obtained highest exhibitions, T.C.L., for Great Britain and Colonies.- 24, Whitefleld-road, Stockton Heath, Watrington.

BRADFORD BARTON VIOLINIST. MEMBER OF THE HALLS ORCHESTRA, LEADER OF THE BARTON STRING QUARTET, LEADER• OF THE JEAN-BRADFORD STRING QUARTET MEMBER OF THE BARICER STRING QUARTET, Sad TEACHES AT DAWSON'S MUSIC WAREHOUSE, 50, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON" TO BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS. The Finance and Estate Committee of the Council of the County Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive Tenders for a Brick and Stone Boundary Wall with iron railings and gates opposite the Health and Education Offices, Sankey at. Drawings specifications, &0., may be sern, and forms of tender, bills of quantities, and all further informa- tion obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall. on and after the 6th day of FEBRUARY at which place tenders must be delivered before 12 o'clock on MONDAY, the 12th day of FEBRUARY. The lowest or any tender not necessuily accepted. THOS. LONGDIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Borough Engineer and Surveyor's Office. February 2nd, 1912.

HOUSING, TOWN PLANNING, eec., ACT, 1009. WHEREAS, by Section 51 (1) of the above Act a Town Plauning Scheme may be made in reppect of : (a) Any land which is in course of development, or (b) Appears likely to be used for building purposss. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Corporation of the County Borough of Warrington intend to apply to the Local Government Board for authority to prepare a TOWN PLANNING SCHEME for the land situate within the area of the said borough. And Notice is hereby given that a Map of the Land propoeed to be included in the Scheme has been deposited at the Town Hall, Warrington, rmd is and will remain for SIX weeks for inspection during office hours by any person interested without payment of any fee. Dated this 2nd day of February, 1912. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Hall, Warrington. Two Cl rk.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON The Sanitary Works Committee are prepared to receive Tenders for the supply of the following materials for Longford Depot, for a period of twelve months, commencing Ist APRIL NEXT. Wrought Iron, Bolts, Castings, Tools, Oils, Packing, Midis, Vitriol .kc ,also for Carting. Samples of goods required may he seen, and Specifi- cation and form of tender may be obtained frost the undersigned. The contractors whose tenders are accepted will he required t 3 observe the recognised customs and conditions as to rate of wages and working hours prevailing within the district. Tenders securely fastened, must be addressed " The Chairman, Sanitary Works Committee, Town Hall, Warrington," endorsed " Tender for Depot Matelials " and delivered not later than 10 a.m. on SATURDAY 17th, FEBRUARY 1012. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. R. WILSON, Manager. Long ford DepOt. Warrington. 31st January, 1912.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON TO STORES CONTRACTORS. EARTHENWARE PIPE MANUFACTURERS, QUARRY OWNERS, MERCHANTS, TEAM OWNERS, &c. The Paving and Sewerage Committee of the Council of the County Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive TENDERS for the supply of the Committee's requirements during the twelve months ending March 31st, 1913, viz. ; RAWTENSTALL or YORK FLAGS RAWTENSTALL KERBS BLUE BRICKS CHEQUERED TILES SEWER PIPES, BENDS, JUNCTIONS, &c. MACADAM and CHIPPINGS LIMESTONE CHIPPINGS COPPER SLAG PORTLAND CEMENT CAST IRON:GULLIES BRUSHES, HANIIMERS, SCUTCHES, &c. SCAVENGERS' BROOMS,SHOVELS, SCUFFLES, and SCOOPS, &c. STREET SWEEPING MACIIINS ROTARY BROOMS. Also for Carting for the Highway and Scavenging Dtpartinents for the twelve months. Parties wishing for tender forms will please specify those materials only for which they propose to tender. Specifications and samples may be area and forms of tender and all farther information obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall, on and after Tuesday next, the fLh inst., at which place tenders, sealed in the envelopes supplied, must be delivered not later than 10 o'clock a.m. on Saturday the 17th day of February, 1912. Any contractor whose tender may he accepted, will be required to observe the recognised customs and con- ditions as to rate of wages and working hours prevail- ing within the Borough. The Committee reserve the right to divide the con- tracts in any way they may think fit, and do net bind themselves to accept the iowest or any tender. THOMAS LONGDIN. Bonugh Engineer end Surveyor's Office, February Ist, 1012.

EMPIRE HALL SKATING RINK. SKATING ! SKATING! I SKATING II I TO-NIGHT. TO-NIGHT, TO-NIGHT. AND EVERY THURSDAY AND SATURDAY 7.30 TO 10.30. ADMISSION 3D. RATES (LADIES) 3D. GENTS (6D).

FLADI-ES;)' A.O. 1912 'FURS, Warm and Rich, at Warm and Rich, 11t 1 ~.KENDALL'S. KENDALL'S. We intend to create NEW RECORDS in the sale of KENDALL UMBRELLAS as we did In A.D. 1911 N.B. All Furs 'at Sale Prices. STARTLING REDUCTIONS. KENDALL-A SONS Ltd., 44, Sankey Street, Clo-Opettlll:l3;ores

HODGKINSON'S SALE NOW PROCEEDING. BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

_ I your groceries delivered promptly? There is no reason why they shouldn't be, except carelessness on the part of your grocer. We are never careless about anything which affects the comfort of our customers, and our prices are as reasonable as you'll find anywhere. A trial will prove all we say. WM. OMEN ez SON, FAMILY- GROCERS, 15, Sankey-street, Warrington. Tel. 563.

RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large assortment of Framed Pictures suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &o. Terms moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY BOLLYF.R OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and BURNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

Telephone 581. Established 1878. CLEARANCE SALE For one month, January Ist to January 3lst. 15 per cent Discount for Cash. JAMES CRITCHLEY PRACTICAL HIGH-CLASS TAILOR, 115, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. Peltinvain, N. & C. Raincoats, Macintoshes, &c

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. The old and tried remedy that stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S C II LORODYNE. Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA. REFUSE to be put off with :a SUBSTITUTE. The original can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME; is. lid, 28. H., 4s. 6d. the prices I) R. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

STOCKTAKING SALE OF FURNISHING GOODS. Genuine Reductions for Cash or on Easy Terms. THE SALE CONTINUES UNTIL FEBRUARY 24th. CARPETS Made & Laid Free. AN LIM:ILEUMS I/ t• ionise r OPPORTUNITY over CASEMENT - pr yd NOT TO BE MATERIALS FURNISHING STORES, u p Free. IP It ROLLER BLINDS Linen Goods subject to an extra BOLD—ST LIVERPOOL. 9 MISSED. discount of one penny In the shilling.

you by wading through the whole of the figures. The totals are as follows: TOTAL IMPORT 3. Eggs: Foreign (1911) ... £7,965,809 Irish (1910) ... 2,744,133 £10,709,912' Poultry: Foreign (1911) ... £810,014 Irish (1910) ... 927,035 1,767,049, -- Grand Total ... £12,476,991

Eggs, Pcultry, etc. NO DEAD CHICKS By using only ARMITAGES' DRY CHICK FOOD It will pay you. Chicks reared on this Food alone weigh 20oz. at 5 weeks, commence to liy at 5 months. Au Bd. bag (by post Is.) rears 12 Chicks till 3 weeks old. Bags 4d., 8d" IL 4d., 2s. 6d., etc Makers : ARMITAGE BROS., LTD., POULTRY FOOD SPECIALISTS, NOTTINGHAM, AGENTS: CARTER & SON Bridge St. Warrington.

ILIGGS 4s. 6d. ; Prize-bred Croads, Langshans, and .1-U Utility Buff Wyandottes, Nonpareil layers.— JAMES CAMPBELL, Golspie, Sutherland.

FERTILE EGGS in Winter.—" Poultry Mustard" makes healthy laying fowl', 11b. tin Is., post free 31bs., 2s. Gd. ; directions each tin.—WlLLiam COOPER, The Grocer, Hanley.

UXHIBITION and Utility White Wyandottes ; birds 1/I from 10s. 6d. each ; eggs 215., 10s. 6d. and 7s. 6d. per dozen ; unfertiles replaced if returned.—Tobi WILKINSON, Merrilock's Poultry Farm, Blualdalsands

RACE, Silver Grove, Utley,Keighley, Member Rhode Island Red Club, can supply EGGS from his noted Winter Layers, 2s 6d, 3s 6d, ss, 7s 6d dozen ; special Fen headed,by winner let & Special I-Eppel-boll:no

I DANIFSZ VIRUS l• arlt • Palma. bat DZITILOYS & CE 1,... Naitataaa at r.ran:glt..aarais4.l a sum animas. DANYSZ VIRUS, Ltd., Box 216 IL farbabal an" Lomita. ma. awl et an Camst•••

acim Ar awl/ad Breakfast is the founda- tion of the day's work— s() much depends on this one meal that it is worth everyone's while to give Elect Cocoa a serious trial. Elect Cocoa is very sustaining, quickly pre- pared and easily digested. It is also stimulating and refreshing because it con- tains a high proportion of theobromine. ELECT COCOA with the taxim", 4711110 N.

Do your Eyes Trouble You? '". .1( 4it <":' _/ ,/ Do things ever seem to grow misty and blurred? This is a warning of Eyestrain— and you should have your eyes tested. Neglect can only add to the trouble. By our scientific tests we could tell if you need Glasses, and in that case supply those which would give the greatest possible benefit. Call to-day. ARCHER SONS Eyesight Specialists. 7_22 LORD STREET Est& 1848. LIVERPOOL

For free maps, pamphlets and further particulars, apply to— Mr. J. McLENNAN, Canadian Government Emigration Agent, 48, Lord Street, LiverpooL

CHINTZES, FURNITURE, £IOO,OOOOOLOREDWORTH OF CORNICES, CURTAINS, CORNICE POLES, TAPESTRIES, FURNISHING GOODS BLANKETS, DAMASKS, AT REDUCED PRICES, FLANNELS, REPPS, CALICOES, UPHOLSTERY Commencing February sth, LINENS, TRIMMINGS, And Ending MARCH 16th, 1912. BEDSTEADS, WHITE THE TRADE, HOTEL KEEPERS AND ALL ABOUT TO BEDDING, CURTAINS' FURNISH, WILL FIND THIS AN OPPORTUNITY FOR BED HANGINGS, SELECTING CHEAP GOODS THAT RARELY OCCURS, AS TABLE COVERS, THE ENTIRE STOCK WILL BE RE MARKED AT PRICES DOWN QUILTS, FANCY BLINDS, IRRESPECTIVE OF THEIR COST. THE ORIGINAL PRICES, CHINA dc GLASS, CRETONNES, IN PLAIN FIGURES, WILL BE LEFT ON THE GOODS, SO PICTURES, THAT CUSTOMERS MAY SEE THE ACTUAL REDUCTIONS IRONMONGERY, DIMITIES, MADE IN TIIE PRICE. RTC.

The Examiner, Saturday, February, 3, 1912. - LOCAL PARLIAMENT. --Timve. RILL. CHINTZES, POLES,

„ ... . . . ..., -..- . 5....3.4,-..:.........' ',...".; . .... ~, . , , ....,•. . • • • , ~..,., .. . .„ . , . . ' ..::, 5.......,. , .... . ....... ~ . . , .. . . „ A,. ~ .........._ _ .... ........ ,

Hotels. Hydros Boarding Houses ' I _ON DON.—WILD'S First-elan TEMPERANCE LA HOTELS, SO to 40, LUDGATE ?LILL, E.C. Elootrio Lift. Central for Business er Pleasant. Also at 76 and 91, ROSTON SQUARE. Closet, Burton St. Panora; and King's Cross Stetlems. Home &retorts, Cleanliness, and Quiet. SOUTH POET. HAYES'S REST&tjRNT ('kEPT BY OLE WARICNIITON PIMPLE.) 38, CHAPEL &TREAT. ESTIMATES GIVEN. Cholitt PARTIES, PICNICS AC., TESTIMONIALS PROM ALMOST AVERY TOWN IN LA ECA MIL Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT Ili TOWN. koartments, Furnished Houses, &c. ORECAMBE, Flan; Feradene, 80, A-71- Regent rd. Comfortable APARTMAINTS, 2s. per bed each miet ; piano, bath. Spersial winter terms with or withuni. board. Horses. Carriages, Live Stook. Qs HARP COd, with Cart and Hermosa; lot £1 meat • Larry; will lend.-48, TRAVIS ST., London rd. Manchester. Volt SIALII, stylish Varnished TRAP, with rubber -1 tyros sad outshine ; in exeellent eendition.— Apply ions Fusionism, l'Slissolwrlght, Elton Orem; Cheater. SMOOTH ek FOX. TERRIER, bitee, best pedigrees; one in whelp to Rive D'er ; hg wispier sad sire of vrimsera ; Irons 311s.—LlmnsAY, The Hoseside, Wallasey. CIOWKEOPER BUSINESS for Sal; 14 sows, hors* B'.at ; mime kends year.; masers pays reit ; good ell established businces.—Apply' hoLms, 18, Lindley it, Liverpool. ruo BUTCHERS or Tripedealers ; spleadid twM wheel Covered VAN, se built as to feria shop, snit 13 to 14 leads Cob; nothing better for hawking with ; £9 is good order ; only wants simieg.—LAT, Christlotoe ro.. (Jheater. /IRANI) pedigree Black ‘A prick ears, good tail and coat, &swept 17. Id ; also Brown Eitsh in whelp to CLocolate Deg, accept 35s ; real berssies ; mast Mows, 71, ?Nee lame, Wigan. pe 0 FICE.—To Farmers, Coatrveters sad others. A 11 firm tsf Horse tiiriag Coetraotors have had retuned from hire 2.) to 30 young Cart Maros, Cart Geldings mad light end heavy vas hones, emoagst theta are 3 heavy cart mares heavy in foal. Statemie for asillisg firms using auschasieal pu w•r in place ef Storm. Ages sto 8 years, height 15 to 17 heads. They are all warranted sound, quiet and good workers in shafts and chains and can be taken on 21 days free trial. Pikes £l2 to £4o.—Apply HORSE HIRINE CCNTEACTORS. Otilces 217 a, Booklow rd.,Uxbridge id., Shepherds Bash. 3 minutes from the White City, Shepherds Miscellaneous On sale, etc. ,tiDVICEII or Information, any subject.—Sead Is. to J.J.8., 64, Basisghall St., Loadon, E.C. 10/6 BazAseptl.,Rao,72rs6,Tig2hs.fioblabrogrVlLostand. P.O. SOAP.—Pure Soft Soap in Firkins_,_ Mts. 61. 6d. 0...7 34155. 31 sd.—Arnas 1•..:0AT WORKS,West Bromwioh JIG-SAWS. Famous Pictures very interesting 7111., 11, agents wanted. Vifilmascot,Diile st.South,Stockport. 6 111 f A GBEL" RAZORS, 2/0, 3/6, 4/6, are the acme of perfection. J. G. DODD, 4, MANCLIESTEII-Sl., LIVERPOOL GAS ENGINES, B.H.P. Fish and Chip Shops, Larger size in stock.—W., 21, Plymouth Grove. West Manchester. 6 13 RIMIER PRIZEWINNER "supplies "Final.,' 1- "Heed, and Tails "3d. each; stamped address' —B9, BUCENALL, New rd., Hanley. ON SALE, splendid full sized BILLIARD TABLE and all accessories; room wanted; cheap.— MINERS' ARMS HOTEL, Astley. CONFECTIONERV.—Recipe Book by professions confectioner. Send 6d. P.C.—Miss HAticitToN. 22, Aston at., Wolverhampton. MAKE your owe Cakes and Pastry; 12 trade recipes with instructions, P.O. Is. or six 7d.—PASTRY- COOK, 5. Beechen' rd., Southport. BOILERS, Vertical, second-hand; a few for mediate sale, cheep ; tested to 1001bs. hydranlic.--PAnny's. Princes at. Works, Chester. USEFUL Present. Artistic fancy box containing six IL) beautiful hemstitched handkerchiefs, carriage paid Is: 3d.—Postal Tradiag Co , 27, George st.,Nottiorbam, paper Itsgs,Greaseproof and Bakers' Wrapping paper, 1- special quotations for quantities. Write Manu- facturers. A geut,lol,Beech lisli rd ,Ilishants Pe rk,Essex. rroo 'I bin. Enclose Is. for genuine advice ho vto gain flesh and improve appearance. No med.rine, no further expense.— RoTL3 REsSARCH CO., 71a, Burleigh it., Ca, bridge. WHY he Bald? Vaughan'a liairgro'er " speedily pr dice, luzeriaut a stonishing results. Trial box 6i.—F. I.7ALtoiIAN, SO, Farrant Avenue, Wood Green, Louder', N. GENTS' Loser Watch, grand timekeeper, with chain Nl-31- and charm, complete iu leather case, brand new, never worn, sacrillze for ea. 3d., post free.—Fox, 73, Birdinbusli id.. Lendon, SE. CYCLE S.-500 Rider Agents wanted immediately, whole or speretirne ; handsome remuneration assured; agent's sample mechine supplied free.— COOKB'S, Lorigeight, Mench•ster. DIRECT from Loom to Wearer.— Splendid Sul. Lengths, 9s. to 265. ; also OvercOstings • latest es novelti ; pat terns free ; carriage pai d.—A EST III)1118 MA.NUFACTCRING CO., Golcar, liudderstleld. STOCK of Drapery to clear at enormous reductions, For ss. we will send you W hits Rini-rib Skirt, threaded coloured ribbou, pretty Camisole, pair Ladies' Stockings. Ladies' Suerliee Belt sal other articles. Also our ss. Bundles of Mixed Drapery are of wonderful value.—DßAPßalf Co., Woodhall rd., Bradford. 'LARGE number of second-baud GAS HEATING and 11-41 Cooking Stoves, also slow combustion. Coke Stoves, Confectionery Ovens, Mungraves large Stove, &c.—Apply Mr. R. Low; Central Sale Rooms, 1, Bank St., Warrington. Medical. • A CCOUCHEMENT.—Home during Confinement 41 Trained Nurse.-24,131•P51t LLOyD ST., Moss Side Msncheater. COEGHS, Colds, Bronchitis, &c., quickly cured by taking" Syrup of Camphor" ; in bottles ls. 1?,44. post free.—CoNteft & PHILLIPS, Eye, Suffolk. WTAITE'S " Onedose " Pile Cure.—Why suffer:? This marvellous remedy removes Piles, sure ure. Highly recorm, 1/3 free.—Damian Drug Co.. Leeds. INTEMPERANCE.—Male and Female Nurses at moment's notice.—Hop n HOUSE, Hope st.,Liverpool Telephone 2570 Royal. Telegrams "Nurses, Liver pool. Established 33 years. PARASITIC Mange Order, 1911.—The late "01 d' Henry Tate's, veterinary surgeon, fam,us mange cure; approved of by Government during Boer War; internal combined with external remedy ; sure cure; in quart tins price Bs. 6d., carriage paid.—ll£Nitv TATE, Campsall, Doncaster, Yorkshire. Agriculture. riIURF LOAM, Kettering old fibry, for Carnations 1 Mums, &c.; 21s. ton; truck loads delivered Cheshire and S. Lancs.-3. DON, Park row, Nottingham LlLlES.—Auratum 55., Rubrom 3s. Longiflorum 35., , double Begonias ; 6 colours, 2s. ed. ; Gloxinias 2s. ; Cannes 2. 6d., all per dozen.—HATWOOD AND MARTIN. 209, Westwood rd., Goorimsyes. i biEW Maincrop Potato " Vitality " meets the want of all growers. Its vigorous growth, splendid quality and shape recommend it to all. Being disease proof, it requires no spraying, a most distinct variety and enormous cropper. Testimonials horn the RAISER JAMES RIcHARDsoN, The Elms, Leake, Boston, Lincs. £2O ton, 22s 6d, cwt. 3s 141b5., cash with order or refs. To be Let. NATAREtiovsE TO LET-36 feet x. 30 feet; • well lit, dry, hot water heating.—Apply EXAMINER " OPPEC4, Turing:oo. LARGE COMBINED ROOM; well furnished; pleasant country district; 3s. 6d. weekly, including coal.-9A, PARK ST., Shitnal. 57, CATHERINE STREET, 4s. week. 17, PINNERS BROW, Lock-ap Shop, 6s. ed. week. 8, CLARE'S BUILDINGS, 4s. week. 26, KERFOOT STREET, ss. week. BROOKSIDE COTTAGE, Penketh, £1 Bs. ed. month. 33, PINNERS BROW, good Shop, 7s. per week clear. 36, GENERAL STREET, rent 45. 3d. per week. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good semi-detached, Residence; large garden ;sunny situation ; reduced I rent. SfARKET-GATE, Warrington, good Double Mice, most central position in town; good light £l6. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, No.l Bank Street, Warrington Telephone—No 55

These Stoves burn all day without attention and are invaluable for Private or Public Rooms, TICE BEST AND MOST ARTISTIC STOVES, on Show at pENDLEsoRy,, HOUSE FURHISHERS Near CENTRAL STATION. TEL 43. Write for descriptive Booklet. Anthracite washed Nuts kept in stock.

£3 TO £l,OOO. THIS IS THEIONLY OFFICE WHERE PRIVATE LOANS ARE GRANTED to all persons worthy of credit without publicity or Money-Lenders' routine. If you require a PRIVATE LOAN, and honourably Intend to repay, then waste no time on tempting adverts. It is admitted by hundreds of clients that our business is conducted in a straightforward manner. Repayments can be arranged u follows, or u mutually agreed upon. £5 loan 1/6 weekly I £5O loan 10/- weekly £lO 3/- weekly £lOO „ 18/- weekly £25 „ 6/- weekly I £2OO „ 35/- weekly Interest from 2s. in the £. No connection with any other office. AL SEFTON, LTD., MISS COTTERILL MANAGERESS, 31, CAIRO STREET. WA R RI N GTON

46 MEM MATRIMONIAL CIRCLE," an introdue 1- tory journal, conducted on strictly honourable principles. Moderate inclusive fees. Post free. Sealed envelope, ed.—EDITOR, 18, Hogarth rd., Earls Court.

Q, MALL Holding nr Canterbury, 31 acres ; 3 Cottages, Barn Fro., 10 areable, remainder old Pasture and Orchard, main road; A 1,250 ; part found.—Apply, S. IticHAßnsmg, 69, Castle at., Canterbury.

THE NATIONAL -PROVINCIAL BANK A OF ENGLAND LlfilffED. H il OFFICE: 15, BISHOMA.TE, LONDON, E.C. CAPITAL—PAID UP, DIAN,II9I. IaTCALLIID, £2,6116,009. RESIIRYE LIABILITY, £10,680,000. SUBSCRIBED CAPITAL', EikeMAWBRYN FOND (invested in Reel& Government Securities), £2,150,1110. DIRICTORS COLIN FREDERICK CIETZELL, E%q., MAHEICI OTEO FITZGERALD, ESQ., Wntasst Homy NEVILLE GoscaLv, Est, lir MORT Ben. Lon IhexcArr, K.C.5.1., IritAXOtS AtixANDER JouNsTos,,lßst , CLAIM! VILLTERS EMILICS LAX/tit, EsQ., FRANCIS ORAELES Li MARCIIANT, MSG RIONT Hon. TEI na.nt. OF LIOIFIRLD , GIORGI MAIMS iIALCOLIASON, ESQ., SELWYN EOISERT Firron, Est , THOEAt OEOREE R.lmsoN, Esq , !tonna Rzen.sm, JOINT commitAL MANAGERS: EOERRT T. INAINttI, IFSQ., TIOMAS ISTALL, EsQ., D. J. 11. CENNICE Est, • SOLICITORS: ERNEST J. ITIL/01, Esq., Yr.s.LTAft E. UGORI, ESQ., EDWARD HUGE N. WILD; Est, BALANCE SHEET, 3

X 39,058,555 16 11 .111111111111•11•1 M. 0. FITZGERALD, G. F. MALCOLYSON, I Direct ars. cHu ROBERT wim,i As certified by the Auditors, Edwin The National Provincial:Bank of England, Limited, having numerous Branches ia England and Wale., as well as Agents and Correspondents at home and abroad, affords great facilities to its customers, who may have money transmitted to the credit of their Accounts through any of the Branches, free of charge. At Hetd Offices and Branches, DEPOSITS are received, CURRENT ACCOUNTS opened, and all other Banking business transacted. Copies of the Annual Report of the Bank, Lists of Branches, Ageats, ad Correspondents, may be had on application at the Head Office, and at any of the Bank's Branches. LOCAL BRANCH BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. R. H. lIELDRUII, Manager.

FINE ART SHOP, VICTORIA SQUA.RE, STOCKTON HEATH. M. HEWITT & Go" MODERN AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE Always in Stock. Inspection Invited.

5 ~,. ,4,,,,-.A ..11.----',Y=c;•:....,-A , .... .... ............,:1:v.,, . -..- -..2,..'7„..1...A , . . . ... . . - , " MISTLETOE " Drawing Room Stove.

BUSINESS BY POST. MONEY IMMEDIATELY LENT FROM RIO TO £l,OOO. A Gentleman haying a considerable amount of spare Capital is prepared to make Immediate Advances to Ladies, Clergymen, Gentlemen, Farmers, Shopkeepers, and any Respectable Householders at a moderate rate of interest on Note of Hand alone. Business can be completed entirely by post if desired. GENUINE TRADE BILLS DISCONTINUED. STRAIGHT- FORWARD DEALING AND STRICT PRIVACY GUARANTEED. NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. NO BILLS OF SALE TAKEN. Write, stating full particulars and requirements to J. GRlFFlN,Minories Chambers,Minories.Birmingham ' N.B.—Don't pay Fees or Travelling Expenses, and don't give a Bill of Sale before applying to me.

CO , SPOT SHOP, S TO A 1 N G LL. (FISH MARKET.) FO~Z3EIT/EEtIt'rEiTIN. Gr

REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR GOOD TEA. PRICE 2/2, 2/4, 2/6 and 2/8 per lb. TUE NATIONAL TEA CO., 16, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON. ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS. The Cheques given with the Tea may be 'exchanged any day for Household Goods Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent. HEAD ESTABLISHMENT : 50, and 151, Friargato, Preston.

OVERCOAT SALE ' Genuine Reductions. ' Bargains for All Boys' Overcoats from 1/11 Youth's Overcoats ;7 7/11 Men's Overcoats pp 10/6 Rainproof Coats, Choice Selection from 17/11 4/- in the Z Reduction. - MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 90, HORSEMARKET ST, IWARRINGTON.

WIDNES. £5, CT, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. A DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES Li— MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Easpaotablallonseholders, on their own security, with- out delay, on our simple written promise to pay back FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. J. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. JOHN E. GOODWIN, MANAGER.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. Bn. EACH. WHOLISALB BY J. GEDDES & SON LTD. WARRINGTON

B. 1../UNNINGHAM, 29, FROGHALL LANE, WARRINGTON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout, Bass's Pale Ale, Bass's No. 1 Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER. IN BOTTLE. ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF HI3H-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. Telephone 79.

TO £5,000 LENT DAILY el ON THESE TERMS for agreed period : £5 loan, Repay £5 10s. £25 loan, Repay £27 10a £lO „ „ £ll .£3O „ „ £33 £l5 „ „ £l6 10s. I £5O „ „ £55 £2O „ „ £22 £lOO „ „ £llO No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special attention applicants from this district. CHARLES PAIKIN, 219,BRUNS WICK ST., OXFORD RD., MANCHESTER, and at 19, WITTON ST.. (over Bradlev's Clothing Shop) NORTH WICH.

Furniture Carpets Decorations Ark arnetts Established Iltaufacturers when George IV. was King WARRINGTON and LIVERPOOL (122 Bold Street).

THE E XAMI7ER. SATURDAY FEBaUARY 3 1912.

After "the Dumperies "—the dumps Too many Free Traders went in serious and emerged happy and smiling. * * Mrs. Philip Snowden alluded to the 4, spiritual inwardness" of the Co-operative ,movement at the meeting on Thursday. We 'lope the reference will be fully understood and appreciated in the proper quarter. Divi- . (lends are a secondary consideration. * Warrington Women Liberals never do things by halves, and their Fancy Dress Ball oo Thursday evening eclipsed all previous entertainments of the kind in the history of the party. Everybody had the proverbial good time," and Mr. Crosfield was parti- cularly happy. He seemed to enjoy the 4. . Lmcoln Green" of Robin Hood as much as Ile does the livery of Liberalism at election time.

HIGH-COST," OF LIVING BROUGHT DOWN , 4 TO A FINE POINT OF E ON 0 Y 40 Meals 70AKER-1 4f;), for ' 6d. Wows aeraw. T.T.ITMKTI• 0 [F. •'7 LT.

—the increased cost of living will benefit you, if it impels you to have delicious Quaker Oats every day. There is no increase in the price of .Quaker Oats the most economical and most nour- ishing of foods. Science proves it. Quaker Oats makes the most delicious of all porridges. Your palate will prove that for you. Cook according to the directions on the packet. Try Quaker Oats 30 days, and see how strong the family will be, and how weak the food bills. The Quaker Sealed Packet protects the large rich Quaker Flakes from dust and dirt. 2812

V LoolfgeminVlNlMMlMO 4V: W., On! +tit" • 'll.> ...414,?*•44';: 4 ;-,45 • ,A,410.,, se;•qxlt. ",01, • vi. 9. • , 1,4 • ,•••• ' .• • ?W4 - • , • - " 0 7 • 4 • --•;,49, " =•4".:;;.*C Txif, ,•?4,* 4 4•Y /./4 I„sf , • , s.>. - - THE LATE DUKE OF FIFE AND THE PRINCESS ROYAL. The sudden death of the Duke of Fife has again plunged the whole of the Royal Family into mourning. The first intimation of the Duke's illness was rpceived from Wady Haifa only a week ago, but later bulletins showed that . the gravity of his condition was causing much anxiety. _.To. the wreck of the Delhi near Tangier must be ascribed the primary cause 0h is illness. It will be remembered that the Royal party were landed under great difficulties, their boat being swamped. The Duke who was a brother-in-law of the King,was sixty-two years of age, and had been married the Princess Royal close upon twenty-three years.

, Chapter It - Soaking Does It Wet the clothes, the coarse and fine separately, and. soap with Fels-Naptha. Cold or warm water, ' not hot. Roll up each piece, put in tub with water enough to cover and soak half an hour. In that half-hour the Fels-Naptha is quietly softening, loosening the dirt and stains, from the linen. Better than all the hard rubbing and serubbi Fels-Naptlia 39 Wilson strcet London E C

FROM LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

01, • =MINIM 4NIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII• • 11111111111111111111111 I 111 • • IP . 116 .: Bronchitis 0 "A household remedy for chest complaints." / 0 Dear Sirs,—Several years ago, while suffering from an obstinate attack of . Ibronchitis, I was advised to try Angier's Emulsion, which I did, with the result that it gave speedy relief and clearance. Since then I have rarely been without this excellent remedy in the Vicarage. I have recommended it to many of my parishioners, with the result that it is now used in many homes as a household remedy for throat and chest complaints. In addition to this use, it is found to act as a mild and comfortable aperient. .0 (Signed) (REV.) CIIAS. F. BOX, Vicar of South Benfleet. 0 I ANGIER'9muLsION I di The remarkable soothing and healing properties of Angier's Emulsion corn- I 0 • bined with its tonic and strengthening effects make it superior to all other , remedies for bronchitis and lung affections. It stops the cough, allays soreness and inflammation, improves the breathing and makes expectoration easy. At the same time it promotes appetite, aids digestion and builds up strength. Of all chemists, 1/li, 2/9 and 4/6. A FREE SAMPLE . .• • LTsent on receipt of 3d. postage. Mention this paper. HE ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., Ltd., 88 Clerkenwell Road, London, E.O. 00111111111101111111011111.0111110,01001.0011000006100101101000

ALL BABA & THE FORTY ILLS. The CHAMELEON acts a part in 0-1 .0.17 © -, ---,,,, .0 7. p o, •;.,. __ .. „._,..fr. , • ... , . - 1 Rt 1 EUM AT IV , ' ..,..- - Life's Daily Pantomime: emptmELEON OIL res RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, etc, WITHOUT RUBBING, Of all Stores and Chemists, 1/11 and 2/9 per bottle ; or from Tits CHAMELEON OIL CO. LTD., 45, EDEN GROVE, HOLLOWAY, LONDON, N.

DEAFNESS— A GREAT SUCCESS OF THE NEW INVENTION TH E AKOU-VIBRA • 7 ELECTRICAL SOUND WAVES THE AKOU-VIBRA. APPLIED DAILY AT THE ROOMS BY EXPERI- ENCED DEMONSTRATORS, OR AN INSTRUMENT IS ALLOWED OUT ON EIRE FOR HOME TREATMENT. IT IS QUITE SIMPLE TO USE, AND A THOROUGH LESSON HOW TO USE IT IS GIVEN TREE. IT CURES DEAFNESS. HE AKOU-VIBRA 9 UNIQUE. IT IS THE ONLY INSTRUMENT ~"F ITS KIND, AND THE EXTRAORDINARY ?ROOFS OF SUCCESSFUL CASES TESTIFY TO ITS CURATIVE POWERS t E,verY one of the following letters are from clients ton have undergone the AKOU-VIBRA treatment. 'yell' letter can be seen by requat, besides hundreds of others. -- To THE DEAF. Tuebrook, Liverpool. Dear Sir,—l am very happy to say my one ear is tored, and I am more than thankful and grateful.- 4-°ors truly, (Mrs.) G—. To THE DEAF. Canning-street, Liverpool. Dear Sir,—l have pleasure in testifying that ten s.'.33's of the Akou-Vibra treatment has much iNvriotheed my hearing. my best ear (the left) I can hear six inches furtheC than when I began it. My friends notice the improvement and it is a great comfort to me not to have to ask people con- stantly to repeat, and to hear what is going en at .-"romittee meetings, &c., much better.—Yours laithf 11 u y, (Miss) W. J. L. TO THE DEAF. Heswall, Cheshire. to Dear Sir,—The Akou-Vibra has assuredly done Yvife a large amount of good. She now hears conversation, as well as the minister. vions to seeing you she could enjoy neither 01 these benetits.—Yours faithfully, J. G. -- TO THE DEAF. Aintree. teßear have great pleasure in writing to I 37°11 lam getting on splendidly after six visits. 11...ean hear a great deal better. My deafness has 41 for six years in the right ear and one and a to ' thineakra the left. I am more than delighted ever,. Clan hear so much better.—Wishing you .7 suci cess, yours truly, J. AV. D. -- TO THE DEAF. Dear Sißock Ferry. grstit could not yesterday express my oue kiOdUessto you for my better hearing and your ness to me during my visits. I shall recom- "' You to othors.—Yours gratefully, HONOR SMITH. yeALL FOR FREE TEST and examination. abd°bilirem. aY have a machine for 10 days' home trial 'Muir 2 10 to 12.30, 2.30 and 6.0. Saturday to ,JY' appointment. 369 THE ARCADE, LORD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

VE.4f9: 5 ' Lightning COUGH CURE AcnitnYSsfyrn. 81.5.8.5 c.. the celebrated London analyst. says :—VENo's Lionrmso Conon Coax is composed of pure Ingredients, and is a most excellent reraedy for bronchitis, asthma, and all lung affections." The purest and surest remedy obtainable for COUGHS and COLDS INFLUENZA COLDS MORES'S COUGHS BAD BREATHING BRONCHITIS BLOOD SPITTING tHRONIC ASTHMA WEAK LUNGS Price Did., 1/11 and 2/9, of all Chem!

COLDS, HEADACHE, CATARRH Relieved in 10 Minutes by Dr. Agnew's Catarrhal Powder. Rev. W. H. Main, pastor of the Baptist. Emanuel Church, Buffalo, gives strong testimony for and is a firm believer in Dr. Agnew's Catarrhal Powder. He has tried many kinds of remedies without avail. " After using Dr. Agnew's Catarrhal Pow- der I was benefited at once" are his words. It is a wonderful remedy and will relieve any form of head pain in ten minutes and eradicate catarrh. 1 Dr. Agnew's Heart Cure helps the overworked heart. Sold by H. Id. Ashton & Harold Smith, Chemists Warri ngt & Boots Cash Chemiets.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by MADE'S /PILLS. COULD NO T SLEEP W 1 TH-TAIN Wcodfall 11111, Downtln, Salisbury. April 30ih, 1911. Dear Sir,—Having used your pills for three years and reaped so much bensfit from them I think it my duty to give you a testimonial. Now this last week I bad rheumatic gout come in my band and then in my font I COULD Nor SLEEP WITH THE PAIN, and the swelling. I had no pills at the time and could not walk. I sent and gre: a bottle and took two in the morning and by niet I WALKED TWO MILES! I alway-s recommend your pills to others and tell them what good they do me. You may use this how you like. YOlllll truly, F. GOULD. EADF'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or rent post free for stamps or P.O.by the proprietor, GEORGE EA DE, 232, Goswell road, London. IE DE'S &OUP ffiz

For Cakes, Pastry, Puddings 4 pies. r ••• BORWICKS BAKING POWDER. THE WEEK'S HOBBY. ......,,__ A CLOCK CASE. The case shown is to contain a cheap clock, either alarm or other wise. It is made of tin. wood, preferably deal, and the dimensions depend entirely upon the size of the clock, but the case should be large enough to hold the clock cr sily, with a little space at top and bottom. The baseboard extends tin. beyond the sase, and should have th i upper edge ef Ile .v. / • //) i /,f/i / / / / /, / i 9 '*4•%........±.. r;:,1 FIG. 1. three of its sides rounded off by planing, as shown in Figs. 1 and 2. The top piece is similar, but with both edges rounded. The front (shown in Fig. 1) has a hole for the clock face. This should be marked out with a pair of compasses, and then cut out with a fretsaw or gouge. In the case of an alarm clock, a semicircular hole must be cut out for the bell. On each corner a little simple carving, such as is illua-

CLARKE'S B, 41 PILLS are warranted to cure in either sex all acquired or constitutional discharges, from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established npwards of 40 years. In boxes 49. 6d. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln Midland Counties Drug Co., Lincoln.—Advt.

Take Care of Your Skin and Complexion During the Winter. BEERIAM:S a....r0 This Dainty Toilet Preparation protects the skin against the effects of Frost, Cold Winds, and Hard Water, and prevents Roughness, Redness, Irritation, Chaps, etc. WILL KEEP THE SKIN IN A PERFECT CONDITION ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Renders the skin Soft and White, and adds a charm of youth to the complexion. Bottles Is., 2s. 6d., of all Chemists and Stores. M. BEETHAM & SON, Cheltenham,

MERRYWEATHERS' HAND FIRE PUMP Still the Simplest, Best, and Most Reliable FIRE EXTINGUISHER. -------, - I. Nothing to get out of order. ...i..___-_2_,.. ...- 2. Nothing to corrode. _______24, ( ..4-20_•11r- 3. Nothing to explode. ) 4 2540 out of the 4199 1 ..-; -.. . London Fires were extin- guished in one year by these t wiNDsoft ~.. _, • maps. ----- . MITLV I ,tl, frrite or ert/I—. •---,_— 63, LONG ACRE, WM.,

• GLOB Furnishing Co. (1. R. GRANT, Proprietor.) PEMBROKE I PLAGE, I.jver pot)! " nor • Colotb otf , to off s , 10 00, , ; 1)0dl p,090 cot bet ji;

HOW can I increase the pur- chasing power of every pound which I am about to spend on Furniture? The solution of that problem will be Found in our free catalogue and our Showrooms. While we only supply artistic, sturdily-built furniture, our perfect manufacturing and se ling organisation enables us to quote prices that are much below those charged elsewhere for the same articles. No matter whether you

Furnish for Cash or Convenient Paument Sustem

your money will go farthest if you purchase from us. Facts worth noting.

We allow 2/- In the it discount for Cash. Payments can be arranged to suit Customers' convenience. No objectionable agreements te sign. Every Article manufactured under our own direct control and supervision. We pay carriage to all pans. Goods delivered in Private 'Vans. Every Furnishing Refinish* supplied. Good Value and satisfied Customers account for the phenomenal growth of our business. Guarantee..unhesitatinglytingly refund the price of any article that does not give absolute satisfaction. Pr' Write or *ail for Catalogue. "in
