===== 0002601_19151225_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY' S t... . . • 1111.11111111111MilleMNIMIIIIMIMINII I ."

Walking Sticks, Fancy Goods, &c. Finest Selection in Town, Splendid for Xmas Gifts. apposite Parr's Bank.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NIN!.,`M1111111

===== 0002601_19151225_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
, D* you k' GUT the • • . . , • D. • :It:, F S • fon • vs,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
lti ~ .1.k...,,,,..,,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
,

,

.1 iN • , - I'

===== 0002601_19151225_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SAVINGS BANK.

Annual Meeting Discloses Satisfactory State Of Affairs. NEW CHAIRMAN ELECTED.

The annual general meeting of the Warring- ton, Runcorn and District Savings Bank was held at the offices of the Bank, Butterma rket- street, Warrington, on Tuesday morning. .In the absence of Mr. C. Jackson Holmes, who recently 'met with an accident, Mr. Josiah Longland was voted to the chair. The Actuary (Mr. W. A. Proud) read letters of apology for non-attendance from Mr. C. Jackson Holmes, Mr. J. Fulton-Smith, Mr. Inger C. Parr, Mr. J. E. Richardson, Mr. Lewis R. Rowson and the Rev. the Hon. C. F. Cross.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ANNUAL REPORT.

• The annual report of the Bank Management Committee stated that in view of the abnormal times they considered the progress made during the past year eminently satisfactory. When the War Loan .was issued in June last, facilities were offered by the bank to enable depositors to pur- chase the loan, and it is gratifying to know that no less a sum than £35,000 was taken up by them. • During the year premises have been pur- chased for the business at Runcorn. The neces- sary alterations are nearing completion, and it is hoped to have the new Bank opened early in the New Year. The following extracts from the accounts and year's work show the progress the institution has made :—During the year there has been an increase of 220 in the number of accounts. making a grand total of 19,639. The amount received from depositors is • £123,762 ss. id. representing 27,280 transactions; £153,305 11s. 10d. has been paid to depositors in 12,104 trans- actions. The total number of transactions is 39,384, with a turnover of £277,067 16s. 11d. Funds of the Bank :—Assets: Ordinary depart- ment, £372,441 2s. 11d.; war and other Govern- ment stocks, £54,689 Bs. 3d.; investment depart- ment, £139,469 7s. 10d.; total, £566,599 19s. Liabilities, £557,420 10s. Id.; leaving a cash sur- plus of £9,179 Bs. 11d. • The surplus assts over liabilities, inclusive of the value of the Bank premises, &c.,-,amount to £11.177 85.,11d.,„ an in- crease of £566 10s. Bd. for the year.

Summary cif deposits and payments :—De- posits: Ordinary department, £104,915 16s. 2d.; investment department, £18,846 Bs. , 11d.; pur- chases of stock, £35,168 6s. Bd.; interest added, -ordinary department, £8,960 7s. Id.; investment department, £3,990 16s. Id.;' total, £171,881 14s. 11d. Payments: Ordinary department, £136,235 13s. 9d.; inve3tment 'department, £17,069 18s. Id.; sales and transfers of stock, £2,795; total, £156,100 us. 10d; increase for the year, £15,781 3s. id. • Branches.—The business transacted at the branches again shows that good progress has been made at Bank Quay, where £925 us. 10d. has been received for head office accounts. There are 594 open accounts with £7,674 due to depositors; whilst at Earlestown, 377 depositors have the large sum of £13,366 to their credit. The special investment department has been successful, showing an increase of £5,767 for the year. The total amount now due to depositors is £136,798 11s. 4d. Day -school banks now number 38, and have standing to their credit £2,567 3s. 7d. The suc- cess of these banks is due to the ability: and efficiency with which they are conducted by teachers in the schools, and the committee take this opportunity to renew their thanks to those ladies and gentlemen: The members of the staff who responded to their country's call, ' viz. :—Messrs. Hallwood, Gillies and Darbyshire—are now on active ser- vice.

The committee have to record with regret the loss the institution has sustained by the deaths of Mr. Wm. Long, chairman of the institution for the last 19 years, a trustee; of the Rev. J. Carson and Mr. Wm. Handley, managers. Audit and inspection.—The bank's books and accounts have been regularly and continuously audited during the year by Mr. A. Bennett, who has paid nunierous visits to the Bank for the purpose of comparing depositors' pass books with their respective ledger accounts. Mr. H. B. Davies and Mr. C. G. Hall, of the Trustee Savings Bank Inspection Committee have visited the Bank during the year and verified all returns made to the Inspection Cora raittee and National Debt Commissioners. The report was taken as read and adopted.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AUDITOR'S REPORT.

The Actuary read the report of the Auditor (Mr. Arthur Bennett), which stated :—" I have attended at the bank month by month dur- ing the year, and have checked the additions

_ of the recepits and payments, proved the accuracy of the ledger postings, examined the vouchers, compared all communications from the National Debt Commissioners which affect the' accounts with the entries in the general ledger, and verified the Valances in the hands

of the treasurer and the actuary. I have fre- quently attended for the purpose of comparing depositors' pass books with the respective ledger accounts, and have tested 2,300 during the year, and have found the same to agree. The ecuri- ties for the sums advanced to various local authorities by the special investment depart- ment have also been produced for my inspection, and appear to be in order. Every facility has been afforded me by the staff, and I am glad to add that the books are well and carefully kept."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PAST YEAR.

Giving his review of the past year's working, The Chairman said that one could not help regretting the very unfortunate circumstances that caused him to occupy that position. He was sure that all present would agree with him when he extended his sympathies to the Vice- Chairman, Mr. Jackson Holmes. (Hear, hear.) The bank was to be congratulated" upon the position it had been able to maintain during the past year. About £277,000 had been received -which showed what a large amount of business was done. The total number of transactions was 39,384, and these and the other figures in the report showed the great amount of work the staff had to do. As the meeting had been in- formed, the staff had been depleted by the absence of three of the members, who had joined the Forces, so that a larger burden of work had naturally fallen upon the shoulders of those who had been left behind. He was sure he was expressing the views of his fellow- members of the committee when he said that they were indebted to the staff for lie manwir in which their work had been carried cut dur- ingthe year, (Hear, hear.)

Mr. Proud had had tO obtain temporary

assistance, and the work had, to all intents and purposes, gone on satisfactorily. (Hear, hear.) The amount due to depositors showed an in- crease of £15,781, and there had been invested a sum of £35,000 in the War Loan, so that it was evident the people of Warrington, Runcorn and district had managed to save. Whether it was due to the lessons and lectures on the need of thrift that had been given during the year he did not know, but it was a fact that money had been saved, and the bank did its best to encour- age thrift. (Applause.) As all present knew, the Warrington Savings Bank had amalgamated with•the Runcorn Bank, and the amalgamation had been a very great success. The business there had increased over £5,000 this year in reference to deposits. (Hear, hear.) The bank had been altered and reno- vated, and they had a most convenient and up- to-date building for carrying on their business. It would soon be necessary to increase the exist- ling facilities for business at Runcorn. There was no doubt that increased facilities did lead to an increase in business. That had been shown, not only in Runcorn, but in the other branches. The school banks had done well. They were a most valuable adjunct to this bank, inasmuch as they inculcated lessons of thrift upon the children of the town, and in that con- nection a debt of gratitude was owing to the teachers at the various schools for their work. (Hear, hear.) The question has been raised as to bringing this bank into line as far as pos- sible with the work done for the Treasury. There had been a good number of suggestions in the papers and elsewhere as to how the deposits in the Post Office Savings Banks should be in- creased. A committee representing the Trustee Savings Banks was sitting in London and was endeavouring to promote a scheme in the direc- tion that he had indicated. The committee wa.:3, in constant touch with the Treasury, and it was hoped that some useful 'scheme would be evolved.

"Since the last annual meeting," continued Mr. Longland, "we have lost the Chairman 0 the bank (Mr. Wm. Long). He had been chair- man for a great number of years, but had done a tremendous amount of work for the bank. Since his death the Committee of Management have sent a letter of condolence and sympathy to the-family. I am sure that we shall be very fortunate if we secure another chairman who will serve the bank as well asildr. Long did." (Hear, hear.) Mr...longland then moved That ;;e state- ment of accounts prepared by the aciotry, and examined by the auditor, be approved, and that copies be transmitted to the National Debt Commissioners and the Committee of Inspec- tion, and that a duplicate statement be publicly affixed in the bank."

Seconding, Councillor H. Roberts said that probably the fact that a great deal of money was being distributed in the district just now in connection with matters of a destructive rather than of a constructive character had something to do with the fact that the deposits had in- creased during the year, in spite of the terrible war which was now going on. While the source from which the money came was to be re- gretted on some grounds, the fact that thrift was increasing was a very satisfactory feature of the position, and when they were told that to win the war—as they would -win it, as they ought and wanted to win it—men, munitions and money were necessary, it was up to them to dg their part to encourage to the fullest possible extent the thriftiness of the people in order that when the time came for - them to ,do their share they would be . able to do it. (Hear, hear.) The moti9n was carried.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHILDREN'S SAVINGS.

Mr. J. W. Hayward moved: "That the report of the Committee of Management be approved, and that this meeting acknowledges the valuable services ,rendered to the institution by the gentlemen acting on the committee during the past year, and tenders its best thanks to them." It was, he said, a gratification to them to know that they were doing something to bene- fit the citizens of Warrington, Runcorn and the district. It was also pleasant to find that Run- corn was having better and handsomer premises in which to carry on the good work which was being done there. A pleasing feature of , the report was the statement concerning the im- provement of facilities for saving amongst chil- dren.

Mr. Clegg seconded the resolution, which was carried.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW CHAIRMAN AND VICE- CHAIRMAN.

Mr. J. 11. Smethurst moved that Mr. C. Jack- son Holmes should be the "chairman for the ensuing year, and that Mr. Josiah Longland should be the vice-chairman. He said that he regretted that Mr. Holmes could not be present at the meeting owing to the accident that he had sustained. In him they would find a worthy succes- sor to Mr. Long. His father was chairman of the bank years ago, and now the son was following in his footsteps and would do the bank credit. Mr. Longland was one of those retiring gentle- men that you had to dig under before you knew. They knew him to be a man of sterling value, and they could confidently recommend him to the managers.

Mr. F. A. Frost seconded, and the motion was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENTS.

Mr. Wm. Skinner was reappointed treasurer and Mr. Arthur Bennett auditor. The following " managers were elected to join the • trustees on the Com- mittee of Management for the ensuing year, viz.: The Revs. W. Bracecanip and John Yonge, and Messrs. J. H. Smethurst, J. G. Craik, J. E. Richardson and Ed. Wallington. Messrs. J. S. Hill and Vere B. Davies were appointed trustees. The following names were added to the list of managers: The Mayor of Warrington (ex-officio), and Mr. E. Rose and Wilfrid J. Rowland, Mr. F. A. Frost stating that it would be in accord- ance with the democratic character of the bank to have the Mayor of the Borough for the time being as a manager. A vote of thanks was heartily accorded Mr. Longland for presiding.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRMINGHAM ECONOMY.

Birmingham Education Committee on Wed- nesday decided as a measure of war economy to close three technical schools and five evening schools. It was ,stated that this step had been taken as the result of a demand by the City Council for economy. Closing at eight centres would effect a saving of £BOO during the present financial year, and in the estimates for the next financial year provision bad been made for saving £3,000 by closing a number of smaller technical schools, institutes and evening classes.

4-:,0-AvI:t4

Little Sis,—the English mail—but over here they call it the American mail—has been sent on to me at Oldways Castle. They have invittAl me to keep Christmas with my fiancée. Your letter and the governor's re- mind me a little of a catechism, and very much of your good selves. As usual, the governor gets to his point briefly. "Are the goods value for money?" ha asks. That's all. I have replied in the space below, in our business style. "In- trinsically, yes. Value to me remains to be

proved." You, as usual, little, loved Sis—l bad to be away to learn what a loved little Sis you are—hide up the sharp points with much soft velvet, but I have found them, and I'll try to answer what you wish me to answer. First, what is _Lady Muriel. like? Her age is two-and-twenty. She is tall and very, very beautiful; fair and com- posed, and stately; blue eyes and fair hair, regular features, and rather pale. The word that describes her best is "still." I think she is clever, but she wouldn't be pleased if I told her so. Stupidity is the idol of the British aristocrat. She is certainly that. You have probably found her photograph in some English papers, but in case you haven't I send you one herein. It doesn't do her justice. Secondly, do I - love her very much?

Answer, Yes. Thirdly, does she love me very much? I fear that the answer is "no." I take it that

she loves my money, and does not regard me as a serious drawback.

Fourthly, how did it come about? I don't quite know how to explain that. I admired her immensely from the first, but I did not intend to propose. Vide answer to question three, as. to which I was not under any delusion. Also I thought that I dared not. • She seemed such a lovely icicle. After our third dance at a ball the ice, seemed to melt a little. She was flushed, ivid the flush made her loveliness too lovely for my resolution. We were walking through the conservatory, and I heard myself, as if it were someone else, saying, "Lady Muriel, will you marry me?" My 'heart sank into my boots as soon as I had said it. She stood still and looked straight • ahead of her for some time. Then she said "Yes." Then there was an awkward pause. I said, "I suppose I may kiss you?" She said, "There is no necessity, unless you par- ticularly want to." I said; "But I do!" She laughed faintly; and I did. She was not very responsive, then or since. On the other hand, she did not shrink from me— then or since. I think she has no objection to me, but she does not encourage demon- stration, and I do not bore her with it. She is easily bored. Fifthly, how do I get on among the Eng- lish aristocracy? My dear Sis, I don't get on. To me they are denizens of another world, a world that is partly very noble, and partly very petty. I call them "the inhabitants of Mars." They seem to have been brought up in another planet. They are very polite to me, and I am very polite to them; but we haven't an ' idea or an interest in common. The exception to prove my statement is not that fairest Martian Lady Muriel, but her crabbed old Aunt Esther, the grimmest alai most martial of these strange people. She is sixty and nearly six feet; a gaunt, impressite old woman, with a tongue like a razor; but I like her, and she likes me. We talk a deal, far more than my fair fiancée and I talk. I have propounded the Martian theory to her, and expressed my dtmbt of Martians being flesh an 4 blood. She says, "They'd bleed if you scratched them, you silly young donkey ! " She aflded to that yesterday. "Have you. scratched scratched Muriel?" she asked, putting up her eyeglasses and glaring it me through them. That set me thinking, and your letter has stimulated thought. I intend to pursue the subject with Aunt Esther this evening. (It's Christmas ,Eve, by the way.) Afterwards I'll add another in- stalment to this letter. _ _ _

I feel lonely among the cold Martians. I wish you were here, little flesh and blood Sis. You're such a good girl to me.

I went downstairs and found A,uut Esther sitting aloof from the rest, playing Patience. She told me to go away, but I didn't. When she bad finished the hand and was about to start another, I removed the aces and informed her that I wanted to talk.

"You are the only person in this house who would dare to behave like that to me!" she observed. "I -wonder why?" "Because you like me," I stated. She nodded several ,sharp nods. "Yes," she agreed. "What do you want to talk about, stupid boy?" "Martians," I said. "Martians? What is the matter • with them?"

"They're so inhuman," I complained. "I've told you before," she observed, "that they're human enough, if you scratch them." "I don't quite see my way to scratching them," I told her. "Not even Muriel?" She looked at me as if she was riddling my jacket. "Certainly not Muriel," I "stated. "Then," she said, "you've no business to marry her. Why are you doing it?" "Because she's scratched me, I suppose," I replied. "Badly? Come. Own up like a man!" "Infernally badly," I acknowledged. (In- fernally isn't really a swear, dear Sis). "You've been engaged for over a fort- night," she reminded me. "Do you tell me that you haven't made sure of her feeling toward you?" "I haven't," I stated. "I suppose you're not an entire amateur at courting? ,Don't you dare, prevaricate with me!"

She looked so fierce that I had to laugh. "Next time I catch you under the mis- tletoe," I declared, "I'll show you!" Aunt Esther laughed for the first time in our acquaintance. It drew all eyes on us for a moment. "Do you hug Muriel?" she demanded sharply. I believe I gasped. "No," I owned. "You see—help me out, Aunt Esther. Muriel is an inhabitant of Mars to me." "Poof ! She is the girl who has promised to marry you. And you're afraid of her!" "Do you think that hugging would urn. prove matters?" I inquired. Aunt Esther pursed her lips. ,"I think it would clear them up," she said. She looked very hard at me. "If you propose to marry a—an inhabitant of Mars —you might as well ascertain her feelings toward you. Of course, I don't know your motive in proposing to her, but . . . Boy, is it love with you?" "Yes, Aunt Esther," I said. "I —I sup- pose Muriel wouldn't marry me if she didn't—if she disliked me." "If her position /is only that," Aunt Esther said determinedly, "she has no right to marry you. She does not honour me with her confidence. I can only guess at her reasons. If she wishes to repair the family fortunes—they are a set of incapable, improvident fools !—I don't blame her so much as I blame you. I call you a boy. You are a boy to rue. But you are seven and twenty becoming a person of note in the financial world, I understand; spoken of as a worthy successor to your clever father. You've knocked about and seen life—Oh! I know! You're tolerably good- looking You're a grown-up man to Murfel—you've a right to ruin your own life, if you choose, but you have no right to rain Muriel's, A man can endure a pretty wife without much love between them. To a woman it's—damnation !" She 'set her lips with almost a snap. "I know," she said with almost a groan. "I know." "You mean that she doesn't care for me?" I asked. I felt a bit white. "I mean that you ought to find out. You ought to have found out long ago; at the very first. I can't tell you. The inhabi-

===== 0002601_19151225_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, •

===== 0002601_19151225_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
3...15 Z:.M4'‘E:..'-'.l' \gP.i...i

+3V4;431014

`-0 43.4

THE EXAMINER, SATURDA f, DECEMBER 25, 1915.

that I was older, and more responsible; and she told me that I had only to ask you the question to learn the truth. "I am indebted to her. I am unable to congratulate, you upon your choice of time and place for putting the question. It strikes me as a somewhat embarrassing one." She fanned herself vigorously. "It should have been put three; weeks ago," she told me rather sharply, "since you attached importance to it. I was justified in sup- posing that you did not. You have no right to blame me." _ .

"Lady Muriel," I said, "if I tried to blame you, or think any fault of you, I could not. I understand your answer, and you need not pain yourself by putting it in words. If you think that I should not make you unhappy, I should still wish—" She held up her hand quickly. "Pardon me," she said; "I do not wish to depreciate your understanding, but you have asked me a question, and I prefer to answer it in my own terms. I will not do so now. There are too many eyes upon us, and I am too angry. Well, I am not exactly angry with you, -because I believe all that you have said, and I esteem you as an honourable, if somewhat—Sinnewhat foolish gentleman. I will answer you upon a more favourable opportunity—l, too, should like to consider how to express myself nicely." She smiled faintly. "Father is coming to 'fetch me ,to help him with the presents. We attach great. importance to our Christmas remembrances of one another in Mars. Yes, I'll come, father. Mr. Rayner has been teaching me astronomy. It appears that some of the planets are inhabited by curious people, whorn lack all the terrestrial virtues— except truth. They don't even tell that, unless they are asked." "Sensible people!" Lord Oldways said. "Truth is always deuced unpleasant!" "Remember that," she told me, "and put their reticence to their credit." _ _ _

She bowed daintily to me, looking back over her shoulder. Oh, little Ski! She's so beautiful. Wasn't there a story I used to read to you, when 'I could read and you couldn't, about a man who caught a fairy and couldn't keep her? Of course, I don't want to keep her, since she doesn't care for me—and of course I do— Well, I've played a Man's part, and put it out of my power now. It was a despicable bargain to buy a woman who didn't care for me, and I knew all along that she didn't. The portrait I am sending is my best excuse. Don't blame her, Sis. She is honest. If I had made love a condi- tion she would not have agreed to marry me, and she will not now. I know the sub- stance of her answer, though I do not know how daintily she will clothe it in words. She only acted as people do in English society. They are different from you and me—the in- habitants of Mars.

I am writing this before I go to sleep; if I sleep to-night. I doubt it. I went downstairs some time before twelve. Muriel was helping in the final arrangement of the presents. I did not see her till I trailed into the library with the procession, side by side with Aunt Esther. We had not talked, but she had seen me speaking to Muriel. She touched my arm. An inhabitant of this cruel planet can be human! You would like her.

_ Muriel was standing beside her father and mother. Every time I see her afresh I am amazed at her beauty, but I was never so amazed as then. She looked her loveliest. The thought that I was losing her cut me like a knife. _ _

The presents were arranged in batches, with a card in Muriel's very clear writing showing the name of the recipient of each batch. The separate presents were labelled by the donors. They were very numerous. I liked this pleasant Martian custom. It seemed the most human thing that I had found among them. I liked also the way that they bowed to each other as they took up the gifts. I had presents from Lord and Lady Old- ways, and all their little children—l had given them presents, too, of course—and a cigar-case "From Aunt Esther to Harry Rayner, in appreciation of his courage in being friends with her." I had given her something, needless to say, and we bowed and shook hands. The last present I took up was labelled "Mr. H. D. Rayner, from an Inhabitant of Mars." Muriel had evidently written the label since our conversation. It was a tiny package, obviously jewellery. It flashed across my mind that I should find her en- gagement ring it in. I looked quickly at her hand, but she held it under the table. She noticed my look and turned away. I opened the package behind Aunt Esther's broad back, and found a little red charm on a small golden chain. It was a heart! The room seemed to go round and round, and the chatter of the people near me sounded a long way off. For the heart represented Muriel's own, I knew. I had often seen it hanging at her neck. She was opening her presents at a little side table, and carefully avoided looking at me. Presently she walked to the door, and I followed. There was a footman in the pas- sage. I would have liked to annihilate him. "Come to the conservatory, sweetheart," I bege,fred. She gave a faint cry. You have never called me that before!" she said. _ _ _

"But . you are," I told her. "Yes," she said. "I am." We passed the sfately footman. There was a • wrap lying on a chair. I put it round her shoulders. "Mars is a cold place, lovely lady," I said, and she smiled and smiled. "But ?he man in the story was very care- ful of the inhabitant," she whispered, and 'still she smiled. I slipped my hand through her arm and led her into the conservatory among the palms— " You will make me drop all my Christmas presents," she objected; "and—oh, Harry! If you squeeze me so you will break your Christmas—sweetheart !

===== 0002601_19151225_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS THOUGHTS.

Why Not Make Christmas A

Permanent Example ? - • The festival which carries with it the great- est happiness and well-doing is at hand. Christmas is the fruition of ,Christianity's hopes. On this day more than any other do we get closer to the Divine Command to love one another—to do to others as we wish to be done by. The unbeliever as well as the believer can rejoice that one day is set_ apart for ehibiting that brotherly love which ought to prevail among men the other 364. If it is good for the wealthy to relax the purse strings at Christmastide, why not extend the practice to the other days? Those in need are always with us, and the claim they have upon those blessed with abundance is as urgent in summer and spring and autumn as it is in winter. The cheery greeting which goes with the relaxed purse can confer just as much sweet- ness upon those whom we mingle with in every- day life on the other days of the calendar ,as on Christmas. The smile, the pleasant word, cost nothing, yet how many there are who act' as if their manifestation was something of an effort to be indulged only at intervals and then to an exclusive few. Cultivate the habit of giving cheer to those about you all the year and see if you are not well repaid at its close by the happiness you have conferred upon others. The spirit which prompts the well-to-do to assist the poor at this season, to visit the sick -and to perform other works ?f Mercy, is Christ- like. In no way can we better testify to the truths of our religion. In no Other way can we make so plain our love for' our fellows. In no other way can we. promulgate so well the superiority of' our civilisation over the kinds which sit in the darkness and have no heart for those who fare ill in the struggle for existence. -

Let flaese reflections have a part in your meditations as the glories of Christmas are unfolded next Saturday. You have given liberally to the poor so that no one shall go hungry or shiver from the cold on that day. Your horizon of helpfulness; however, can be enlarged. if all who make Christmas a day of giving and of cheer would extend these attri- butes to all the days in the calendar there would he little suffering Where now the misery is immeasurable.

—Kindness and helpfulness are the watch- words for Christmas! What would be more noble than to extend their sway over the entire year?

===== 0002601_19151225_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
:4-3mso

tants of Mars don't wear their hearts on

tneir sleeves, it Muriel did care for _ you,

she'd never hint it if you didn't ask her— and very properly not; if you're such an idiot! There's one thing I can say for her. If you do ask her, I believe she will tell you the truth." "You think perhaps she does?" I jerked out. Aunt Esther looked at me like a cold douche. "I think perhaps she doesn't," she told me. "I don't know that she has much heart; but such as it is—l am afraid, if she had been free to marry as she pleased, it wouldn't have been you. I don't mean that there was anything serious; or even that there was a formed attachment .on her side, but—l've exceeded what I ought to say, Harry, and I shall say no more. As you have asserted, I like you. You remind me of someone else—lt was a long time ago, and—There's no fool like an old fool. A broken heart is supremely ridiculous after thirty. Don't break yours and hers. Have it out with her. Don't flatter yourself she'll grow to 'love you, if she doesn't now. There are soft little fools who can be 'hugged' into loving. Muriel isn't that sort. "No," I agreed. "I gather you think she doesn't care for me; and won't?" , I looked at Aunt Esther, but she was silent. I continued after an interval. "I'll ask her outright," I promised. "It wasn't that I dared not ask. I was— another sort of coward. I wouldn't put my question in a way that made it harder for her to say 'yes. I wanted her, on any terms, and I thought—Well, I didn't realise what it meant to her. Thank you! If I am banished from Mars, may I come to see you in town sometimes?" "Do," she said. I suppose no one who knew her would believe me; but the way she said it was charmingly pleasant and cordial, and she actually smiled. I remember being in a real blue funk three times—when I first went to school, when I ,first played for the college team, and when I first had to clinch a big deal with- out consulting the governor. I'd rather go through all three again than say what I have to say to Muriel to-night. It isn't fear, really. It's—l suppose you'll think I'm a fool—but the best word I can find is reverence.

I've done it—loved little Sis. I am sit- ting in my room for half an hour trying to steady myself before I go down to the Santa Claus affair at midnight. They have a custom here—they are all customs in Mars —of giving the grown-ups their Christmas presents at midnight on Christmas Eve, just before Santa Claus visits the children's stockings. It is a pleasant custom, I think. You will be thinking that it is immaterial to the real subject, and that I am writing about it mainly becalm I shrink from coming to that. You are quite correct. I don't like writing this • but I will. When we . went to the drawing-room after dinner I talked to Aunt Esther for a time. Muriel had • gone to help her father lay . out the - presents in the library. Presently, she appeared and walked up to us. "Are you entertaining Aunt Esther?"_ she asked me, "or is Aunt Esther entertaining you? Or neither?" "Chiefly neither," Aunt Esther said tartly. `He has no scandal and no small talk. I have been racking my brains to find subjects suited to his intellect." If any," I commented. "I did not intend a missing • word com- petition, but you win the prize! Take him away, Muriel. I am at the last gasp of in- tellect." "Then I realise the vast expenditure oo ray behalf," I observed. "You take the prize again," Aunt Esther said; "but for goodness' sake go !" We strolled over to a deep recess in a big bay. window. "And what was the subject suited to your intellect?" Lady Muriel asked in her unmoved way. She always speaks as if nothing 'natters. "The inhabitants of Mars !" I stated. "Oh! It's a distant planet, I believe." "That," I said, "is the point. Where will you sit? Shall I turn a chair round?" "I'll face the window, I think., We might see stars; and they might be planets. There is only the electric lamp at the end of the drive, so far as I can discover; but it may represent Mars. Shall we take the lodge- keeper as the inhabitant?" "I think," I said, "I will take you." ,"I don't know whether that is flattering or the reverse. Perhaps you can tell me about the Martians?" "Yes; I can tell you something. There was a man once who went to Mars; s' very earthly man from the very warm earth, Lady Muriel." She raised her eyebrows. "The hand is Esau's," she observed. "Is the voice Aunt Esther's?" "No," I denied. "It is a voice that you have not heard distinctly before, Lady Muriel; my own He had nothing to say againstO the new world that he found him- self in. It was, in many ways, a very noble world, and he. thought that perhaps the fault was in him, and that he failed to understand its very noble people. To him they seemed so cold. The man fell in love with a beautiful inhabitant • of Mars—in ' love in his warm earthly way.. I want you , to understand that he was very much in love with her—as I am with you." She fanned herself slowly. Otherwise she was very, very still. "The story seems to have a somewhat personal application," she observed quite calmly. "Frankly," I said, "it is personal. It seemed easier to put what I. want to say to yoa in that way. I will put it more per- sonally if you wish." "On the contrary," she denied, "I am admiring your discretion." "Then I will tell you about the inhabit- ant of Mars. She was really very beauti- ful. He asked her to marry him, and she consented. He would have been very happy if— He was not sure whether her cold way—the way of the exalted world in which she was born and bred—meant that her care for him was love in the manner of her world; or whether it meant that she did not love him at all. He wanted her so lunch that he feared to ask the obvious question. He did- not ask for nearly three weeks. You see, he wanted her on any terms. Till it occurred to him that, if she did not love him in any way at all—not even in the colder way of her world—it was a very terrible thing for her. For that reason, and for that 'reason only—this is a very honest story, Lady Muriel—he decided to speak 'frankly to her. He 'wanted to find some way of speaking that did not compel her to tell him anything that she did not wish to tell; that left it to her to answer his question plainly, or by a sign; or, if .she pleased, not to answer it at all. He wanted her to understand quite clearly that he spoke from no diminution of his desire to- ward her. I hope I convince you of that?" "I am stupid at parables," Lady Muriel remarked. She had a. colour, which was not usual with her, otherwise her face was un- moved. "In plain English, then," I said, "I loved you, and I love you, and I always shall. is my statement clear?" "Yes," she said. "It is clear. And the question?" • "The question is, do you love me?" I told her. "And unless I do," she continued, do not wish to marry me?" "I wish to Marry you," I told her; "but I do not wish .you to marry, me at the cost of —" I paused. "Of my self-respect," she- supplied, icily. "I presume that Aunt Esther has supplied you with an estimate of my', character, and of the motives which may be presumed to influence me?" "Aunt Esther is well able to defend her- self," I said. "I have spoken to her upon the subject of our engagement; but in fact she blamed me. not you. She reminded mft

"you

===== 0002601_19151225_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
ktOlta I'4

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

===== 0002601_19151225_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
A CHRISTMAS WOOING

Christmas! The very word sounded foreign to the ears of Birsie, and fell strangely from its lips. In those far-away days when London and Edinburgh were still a long week's journey apart. Christmas to donee Scottish folk savoured pagan observance. If the young laird's new wife had fixed her supper party for Hogmanay or Ne'erday, Birsie could have understood it, and would have trooped willingly to the festival but Christmas! But, poor thing, she was English, and knew no better.

And up at the big white house the little bride was amazed and affronted at the doubtful reception of her invitations, and piqued by her husband's laughing, "Didn't I tell you so?" "Not keep Christmas!" she ejaculated in dismay. "They are no better than heathen, then, for all their kirks and Sabbaths. But I'll make them keep it." And Lady Mary, put upon her mettle, had triumphed, and for the first time since Reformation days Birsie was going "to keep Christmas," and in every house that Christ- mas Eve some preparation was going for- ward for the great occasion. Even in Rab Plenderleith's house there was no exception, and little Lady Mary had every right to plume herself over her at least partial con- quest of the old weaver. It is needless to try to explain to which particular "straitest sect of the Pharisees"

e belonged. A stern, hard man, a natural ascetic, to whom all pleasure was doubtful if not sinful, he himself lived up to the very letter of his rigorous code. - It was a tribute to Lady Mary's powers that she had wrung from him an unwilling consent that his orphan niece should join the company at the Big House. Now, in the attic under the rafters, and by the glimmering light of a cruisie, Mile, like every other girl in Birsie, was looking over her "braws." Poor child, it did not take her long. She had only her "best" frock, sacred hitherto to Sabbath wear, and even that had been handed down to her, after years of service, by her Aunt Bethia. • Ain() was a slim, _slip of a girl, like a plant which has shot up in the shade. She was in truth: "A maid whom there were none to praise."

It was allowed, indeed, that she had bonnie hair. It had the sheen and the changing hue of ripe, rustling sun-gilt corn, but its beauty was disguised as much as might be, since it was drawn so tightly back, and so severely flattened to her small head. Under Rab's iron rule every irnocent vanity, every girlish desire, had been so sternly repressed that Ailie had humbly accepted the clumsy gown. Of late, however, a gnawing dissatisfac- tion had awakened within her. The Big House, closed through . the laird's long minority, had been re-opened on his mar- riage, and peopled not only by the gentry but by a troop of serving men, and smart, strapping maidens. Among these "bonnie Bell Armour" had at once made herself a conspicuous figure—a plump, red-checked, black-haired lass, whose laughing eye S held a lure which to many of the Birsie lads Seemed irresistible. And alas, and alas! among those who seemed most ready to bow to that garish rising sun was Sandy Armstrong— Sandy, who on one memorable day had stood up to take Ailie's ",palmies " for her and had dared the dominie to "lick the lassie." _ _

All Birsie, except flab himself, had ex- pected that they would marry some day. Sandy ' Armstrong, donee, thriving lad though he might be, was not "sound," nab considered, on some minutite of doctrine or kirk discipline—and that ;was enough. • Still, love, which laughs at locksmiths, is not likely to be fettered by the bonds of abstract theology. In the narrow bounds of village life, the lad and lass were often thrown together, and in spite of flab matters might already have come to a crisis between them, but for the tongue-tied bashfulness which had fallen upon Sandy. But now, instead of haunting the loan- ings round the weaver's cottage, Sandy was hapging about the back regions of the Big House for a smile or a word from his flaunt- ing goddess. And if this were so in every- day life, what could be expected to-morrow night? The new maids, like their betters, had brought the new modes from Edin- burgh. In what braws might Bell appear, while she—she had only Aunt I3ethia's old grey gown., • A gush of salt, burning tears made the dim light of the cruisie flicker before Ailie's eyes, ,and blurred still more the little pale face at which she was gazing in her flawed handbreadth of looking-glass. Suddenly Ailie gasped, a flush, which might have vied with Bell's, dyed her face. She had nothing but the old grey gown, there was nothing she could do to better it, but why should not her hair curl, too? Ailie's breath stopped at the audacity of the thought. She had never done any- thing save at her aunt's or uncle's bidding, and she had not been brought up under flab's rule without her conscience instantly taking fright, and clamouring that it was wrong to think so much of outward things —the true adorning was of the heart. Perhaps it was, but what will a girl, waking to a knowledge of her own heart, not do to beautify herself in the eyes of .the man she loves? She shook out her hair, and it fell in a glory round liar slim shoulders. But the thought of Bell's clustering black ring- lets blinded her to its beauty—besides, every- one was wearing. curls now. She glanced fearfully round, and then with panting breath and trembling, awkward fingers began her unaccustomed—her unheardrof attempt. Down in the kitchen flab was sitting with his big Bible still upon his knee, but he was listening anxiously to the faint sounds over- head. "What's the lassie doin'? " he demanded with suddenness which made his sister, a little faded wisp of a woman, jump. "Doin' ? What should she be doin'? She went awa' to her .bed, as soon as the exercises (family prayers) were over." "Ay, and I'm dootin' if she heard a word o' them. Bethia, I'm in a sore strait," he went on solemnly. "The charge o' my puir brither's dochter's soul has been laid upon -"me, and I'm dootin' if I havena be- trayed the trust. Against my conscience and my judgment I let myself be whillie- wha'ed by a smooth tongue to gie my ion- sent to this carnal pleasurin', but—' "Leah, .Rab ! " sried' Bethia aghast, " ye'd ne'er keep her at hame the morn's nicht. The haill toou's goin' but oureel's "—even in Bethia's well-trained mind there may have been a stir of regret—" an' ner heart's fair set on it." flab's pale eye lightened. "Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee, woman. If her heart's set on sic carnality isna it my bounden duty to wean her from it? :what's the morn's nicht after a'? No more than 'the crackling o' thorns under a pot,' but for her it may well lowe into the fire that never shall be quenched. I've seen the change in her ever since I gie'd my word, an' she was fair itchin' till I'd put .by the books to-night. That bodes . something. Awa' up an' see what's she doin.' Dinna let her ken." Poor Bethia crept away towards the ladder-like stair. In a few moments she came back, her face white. "Oot wi' it, woman—the truth ! " de- manded Dab fiercely. "Oh flab, she's but a wean! Dinna be hard on her ! " quavered Bethia. •"I kenna how she's been so led astray. It was ne'er me that learned her. Wed, if a mann say it—" the words wrenched from her by sneer panic. - one's—sue a tnrang earwig her hair ! " She sat rocking herself to and fro. She hardly knew whether •she was awake or asleep, when she looked up at last and saw her brol-' 3r standing over her. She uttered a faint cry of fright as the light fell on a pair of shining shears in his hand. "Hold your peace," he said, putting down the cruise. "I've been wrestling sore for

By HELEN WALLACE.

the soul of my deid brother's child. If we'll} co save her irom destruction, we mann ums the means. I've gotten licht at last. Awa' up an' cut ilka ane o' they sinful curls off her heid." He thrust the shears into Bethia's unwill- ing hands: They. were those,- he used. for clipping his webs, and were bright and sharp as well as strong. "Rah, are ye daft? I canna—l daurna cried I3ethia. "Cut the lassie's hair off! Kan, do you ken what a woman's hair in to her?"

1 "I hope I ken what her soul's salvation is to her, B. ethia. Would I bid you do this if I didna believe it was the Lord's will?" said Rab solemnly. Shaking like an aspen, Bethia climbed the stair. Bab followed her with the cruisie. ; Outside the door he thrust the light into her ; hand.

"I'll bide here till it's done. Think o' the everlasting burning," he uttered in a hard whisper. Thus adjured, Bethia stole into the attic. She dragged herself towards the bed where &Die lay, sunk in her first, deep sleep. She had covered her head with a little shawl, but it bad fallen back, revealing the grotesque paper horns which stuck out at every angle. But no ghost of a smile wavered on Bethia's quivering mouth. For a long minute she looked down on the peace- ful face, which seemed all the more chird- like for the ludicrous setting. The appeal of its sweet youth, of its utter trustful helplessness knocked at Bethia's heart. Something rose up within her, and drove even her submissive spirit into flat revolt. "I canna do it," she whispered hoarsely, to rah.

_ "Gaye me the eheare," was all flab said. , Bethia flung her apron over her head. "The Lord forgive you," she gasped, am she stumbled blindfold down the break. neck stair.

I"You're not dancing, Mr. Armstrong. ' Can't you please yourself with a partner?" laughed Lady Mary, a slim figure in the scanty muslin frock of the day, pausing before Sandy, who stood alone in a corner. IThough the elder folk looked somewhat ; doubtfully on, dancing -was going on merrily enough, and at first Kandy had taken his full share. Bell was gracious, and was even more "braw " ;than poor Ailie could have pictured. She was fully aware what an ex- cellent "down-sitting" Clayslaps would be for her, and she thought it might spur the young man on to see that there were many rivals. But she had carried her game too far. She roused Sandy's dour pride, and he withdrew, sullen and offended, from the contest. INow he began to wonder why Ailie was not there. Could Bab, whom Sandy in- wardly characterised as "an awfu' man," have kept her at home? Or could she have been waiting for him to come and act escort, •as hitherto he had secretly done to such sober outings as Rai) considered "allowable to professors "? Sandy's heart smote him at the thought, and all the more because he had consciously shirked the duty. What would Bell have thought if he had presented *himself so publicly with Ailie? But now • the pendulum began to swing back. Bell ' could dance and rant with everybody. Her bold black eyes had a smile for every man in the room—Ailie's rarely-lifted blue eyes had kindled only for him, as Sandy uneasily remembered. With a smile Lady Mary passed on. For a moment Sandy stood still, his mind in a turmoil, then he suddenly turned from the blazing lights and the jigging music of the country-dancg, and set his face towards the darkling road to the village. , "Whaur's Ailie? What for is she no at the Big Reese'?" Sandy demanded abruptly when the door of the weaver's cottage was opened a cautious crack. "She's—she's no wed," stammered Bethia. "No weel ! She was fine yestreen. Tell her I've come for her—stop, let me ben and I'll tell her myser," added Sandy hastily. "No, no, you ranna come ben—no the nicht," exclaiiped Bethia, but Sandy took the law into his own hands and pushed past the trembling -woman. "Ailie,” he called, I've come for you." There was no sound but the tick-tick of the wag-at-the-wa' clock. He strode across .to the stair foot. A faint stifled sob struck on his eat. _

"Ailie, are you here?

"Ailie, come down this minute," he cried, his voice sharp with alarm. "It's me, Sandy, I've come for you. Nobody'll touch you—they'd bttter no "—clenching a big fist. , There was a pause, then -a dragging foot- step sounded above. Ailie had been so schooled to obedience that she had no thought of resisting the peremptory com- mand. Her head was muffled in her shawl: In the dim light her face was a mere white, patch. ' "What's the matter? What for are you dennin' here, when a' Birsie is dancin'? exclaimed Sandy. "Dance? No more dancin' for me," cried Ailie on the rise of a sob. Then, with an effort at control: "It's—it's the earache— it was that awful' bad—"

"Earache!" broke in Sandy. "That- wadna ha' kept you. There's something. under this—let's see," and he drew her towards .the fire, while with the other hamt he caught up the poke:: and stirred the- peats to a light flame. . The shawl slipped from her head, and Sandy, poker in hand, stood staring at her. With a shriek, Ailie clapped her hands to her head and tried to dart away, but Sandy had her. fast. - "Let »ie go—let me go!" sobbed Ailie, beating frantically with . her little fists against his broad chest. "Awa' back to, the Iloose—awa' back to—to—it's a' by wi me. Maybe it was wrong to think so• muckle o' my hair—but if he had but tell*t me. . I .1-lever did aught that he didna ken in a' my life before, but—but I wanted to. be a bit braw," piteously, "an' I put a bit curl or two in my hair last night,. and he— he-- Oh—oh—oh—what'll I do now? neer dare show my face in the kirk or in Birsie street again:" Then, with a sudden flame of passion: "You can laugh if Yell like, Sandy Armstrong-7-you and—and Bell Armour." "Ailie, my bonnie doo, dinna greet," he murmured consolingly. "Your bonnie hair'll grow again, it's no like an airm or a leg, thank the Lord. "But my mind's made up," he said with slow decision. "I've been a fool about Bell; like- the ether lads, but that's by and done with. She'll get plenty o' joes, she's owre many for me already. But if you'll take me, Ailie, I'm waitin', and so is Clay- slaps, but I'll wait on Itab's biddin' no longer. awa' to the minister this verra night—not a word, that's settled," as the ' girl attempted some inaudible protest. "The next darnel' V 6 for oor weddin', and Rah may thraw an' girn as he likes. But if man or wife or wean in a' Birsie mints to laugh at you, or even to glower, they'll no do it a second. time, or my name's no Sandy Arnastreng." Then with a great laugh of joyful relief: "But I mamma be too hard on Bab, puir man, for wha. kens, if it hadna been for this," hie big hand fondling the eronned head, which had sunk against the breast which would be its shield and bulwark henceforth, r might, big silly fool that I was, ne'er have found my tongue an' let my luck go by. You winno grudae your hair noo, Ailie?"—gently... " If I live, Gad hearin' me, Pll make it up to you.,,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
The Portrait painter.

A woman with a fatal squint came to a fashionable portrait painter. He looked at her and she looked at him, and both were embarra.Qed.

He spoke first. • "Won't you permit me," he said, "to take your portrait in profile? There is a certain shyness about one of your eyes which is as dim- cult in art as it is fascinating in nature."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- - - 1;4:

===== 0002601_19151225_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
1 i ,":"...: ' Nitify 'T•0471,....m.#'• c r", • , /094,4c,0 -, - ---...----- ------ •-•:, • ' ,:',..,.'''.7....:::!•:',,,,,, ',.. .

Make your OLD Grates Into NEW

and economise fuel by trying one of our

Inexpensive and Easily Fitted.

1, 53 8L.55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

BARLESS FIRES.

J. S. Garland,

••••••; •:• • • • ' • •fic? • .'• • • - • 5

===== 0002601_19151225_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCCESS IN THEIPOULTRY r•;. YARD.

The Chance Of The Life For

Small Keepers.

By E. T. BROWN.

Never before in the history of the poultry in- dustry has there been so great a demand for eggs, and never have prices been so high. The poultry keeper has the opportunity of his life, if he will but rise to it. We are receiving Jess than half our usual supply of eggs from abroad, while many of those which do arrive are only of third-rate quality. For the home develop- ment of the industry we must look to the farmers of this country, to the smallholders, to the cottagers, and to the suburban poultry- keepers. Each in his own special direction can do a great deal towards the increase of home production. It is to a multiplicity of staall poultry keepers we must look for the greatest development, not to the establishment of a few huge poultry farms. To achieve the full measure of success new and up-to-date methods must be adopted. The best varieties must be chosen; feeding, hou,sing and general management must be on right lines. The modern hen is a very different thing to her sister of twenty or thirty years .ago. She lays far more.eggs,.and consequently a greater strain is put upon her system. She thus requires very careful management, she must be provided with suitable quarters, and she must be fed in a proper manner. , • Economy in the Poultry Yard.

To-day is a day of economy. Extravagance in any shape or form must be avoided. The poultry yard is no- exception to the rule. Per- haps in feeding fowls is waste most apparent. The waste which occurs in this direction is very great, and I do not think it is an exaggeration to say that nineteen out of twenty poultry- keepers are at one time or another guilty of wasting food. The common practice of throw- ing food down upon the ground is responsible for a good deal. When the ground is hard and dry there is no objection to scattering grain, but in this ease it is necessary to see that too much is not distributed, for it cannot be collected again. But the plan of throwing soft food on the ground is very wasteful, because a large part of it is trampled on by the fowls, and renderei quite unfit for consumption. The use of the feeding trough—a good. one can be made for about twopence—will effect a great saving in the food bill, the bane of many a poultry-keeper's otherwise happy existence. So far as appliances, are concerned, there is plenty of room to practise economy: It often happens that a nail here or a screw there may prolong the life of a house by Years. A large waste . occurs on nearly every poultry farm through the neglect of appliances. They should all be regularly overhauled, and repaired whenever necessary. .They should also be tarred Or painted at least twice a year, for this preserves the woodwork greatly. The Curse of Tainted SO.

Nothing. brings about disaster in the poultry .yard sooner than foul ground. On fowls of all sizes and ages and kinds it has a very injurious effect, but particularly upon chickens during the first few months of their lives. The same plot. if possible, should not be used for rearing two consecutive years. If space is very limit, it is .better in the long run only to -rear half the number of birds,- so that fresh ground can be used each season. It is customary to confine chickens, at any rate during the first few weeks of their lives, in small runs, and when this is the case. it is very necessary indeed to remove the run every day, or at least, every, alternate day. • Foul ground is an almost certain fore- runner of, disease, and many of the complaints from which chickens 'suffer are directly brought about through inattention to this matter. Not only does tainted sbil bring about disease, but it retards growth and stunts development. It also, means that the soil over which chickens are running is devoid, or almost devoid, of animal and vegetabletgrowth, two extremely im- portant items in the diet of 'young chickens. If the ground in a poultry run becomes foul the birds. should be remoyed,-and a light dressing. of gas lime applied. It should also be watered with a one per cent, solution of sulphuric acid. For a few days afterwards it is unwise to allow the fowls access thereto. Some Causes of Disease.

- ----- Among the principal causes of ill-health among poultry are. negligence in housing, inat- tention to sanitation, and over-stocking of land. There is no end to the evils of bad housing. There are many diseases that owe their beginning to the manner in which fowls are housed, diseases which, perhaps, start in a very mild form, ,but which are often the forerunner of much more serious complaints. Freedom from draughts is an absolute necessity if .the inmates are to. be, kept from colds. and the evils . that follow in their wake. Badly-fitting _joints, or boards not closely joined together, .or a downward current .of air is each-- quite. Sufficient to cause disease, , and yet :each can he .so simply remedied with. very little trouble ;arid practically .nO expense.' The 'material of which the house is constructed .more often than otherwise is too thin, the wind almost blowing through. .In such houses as these the birds are always roosting in . a cold atmos- phere, which is far from conducive to their well- being. •Ventilation is of first importance, since this is doubtless a great factor towards the main- tenance of health. The aim should be to secure adequate ventilation, at the same time avoiding a draught. It is equally important that clean- liness be strictly observed, for -this. will :assist very considerably in keeping the air sweet. All the internal fittings, such as perches and nest- boxes, should be simply constructed, and made so that they can easily.,a.nd quickly be removed.' This will ensure the attendant reachingUll the corners • and crevices when cleaning. The perches should rest in slots cut in the frame- work of the • house, and they are thus easily taken out. • The Late Pullets.

There are ,4 good many complaints • this season concerning .the lateness of some of the pullets commencing to lay. Such birds should be generously fed upon nutritious foods, meals and grains of a fattening nature being avoided. 1 have always found it is a good plan to supply three meals daily for a, few weeks previous to the commencement of laying, as this Seems to give the birds such an excellent 'start, and they appear better able to withstand the heavy strain of laying. It should .not be forgotten in this connection that in laying there is a' consider- able strain upon the system of the hen. If any of the pullets are backward, and have • every appearance of not beginning to lay for some time yet, a little maize added to both morning and evening meals has an exceedingly beneficial result. It must not be • overdone, of course; about, one-fifth part of bulk of maize to four. fifths of wheat or 4.rley or oats is the best proportion.

If all the bees were to hang round the hive, the honey supply 'would indeed be scarce.

Many a man's good luck really consists of having been born with a little common sense.

A milkman in a town not far from New York was brought before -the Court to answer a charge of adulteration of milk. ".You are charged," said the judge.," with a most serious offence. Have you anything to say in answer to the charge?" "Well, your worship, the night before it was raining very hard, and the only cause I can givc is, the: tow 'lnnst have got wet through.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
trttrrstti tbr Oita

DRINK RESTRJC:IIONs.

Sir,—Your correspondent, "Mr. Simpson, of Liverpool," is sadly lacking in a sepse of proper-

. tion. He has frequently alleged that the action of the Control Board had resulted in the punish- ment of the innocent—the vast majority of :munition workers—for the sins of the guilty minority. In proof of his allegations he recently quoted Mr. Ben Tilled, who asserted that the • .guilty minority did not exceed 5 per cent. of the total number of men snemployed. Anyone reading Mr. Simpson's letter would igghtly, assume that he had adopted :Mr. "Tillett"s figures, and I have no doubt whatever that .such was his intention until I showed what an enormous aggregate a 5 per Cent. of shirkers amounted to and the tremendous loss of potential output which . such "slacking" Mr. Simpson has fallen into the pit' which he ./diniself,has "digged," out of which he 'cannot easily emerge. On the 5 per cent. basis—which Was good enough for him in his ignorance to quole against me and which aggregates to 25,000 men, be furnished me with a weapon with which I have completely destroyed any • value which otherwise might have attached to his asser- - f ions. Mr. Simpson's arguments and his facts (?) are ,inutually destructive and are on a par with his statement about the "remarkable outburst of public opinion" which has recently occurred, and which has "compelled the Contrel 'Board to seriously modify the restrictions in the London area." • This remarkable "outburst of public opinion" • kis resulted in the "fiasco" at Cleveland—one of the most unpatriotic and contemptible efforts which has ever disgraced the public life of our country—but .there is one grain of comfort to be found in the fact that the true opinion of the electors on this question has been ' ascer- tained, and while it is a bitter disappointment to the Trade apologists of Mr. Simpson's type, it is a great encouragement to all trite patriots and will do much to strengthen the hands of the Control Board in their efforts for our be- loved Country in this grave time of peril. CITIZEN.

Sir,—The controversy between "Citizen" and myself has been unduly prolonged., and I think we .might well declare a "Christmas truce." Although my opponent's letters have occupied twice the, space taken up by mine, I am wil- ling to allow him the privilege of haring the last word, provided, of course, that he does not open up any fresh aspect of the subject, or otherwise take an unfair advantage of my offer to sheath the sword—pro tem. I must confess that I cannot share "Citizen's" admiration, for the :moral elevation ,of the professional "temperance" lecturer. Mr. Stiggins is id! mittedly not a very pleasing character., and .his modern prototype is almost equally unlovely. A man who .gets his living by vilifying his fellow-citizens and endeavouring to destroy-. their rights and liberties, with the ultimate object of ruining a lawful and necessary indus- try, is certainly not in a position to point the finger of scorn at his opponents. When we remember that teetotalist funds- are, to some extent, sustained by trade rivals. of the brewer and distiller; the matter assumes a 6till more dubious character.

As regards "Citizen's" new supporter, Mr. Robert Williams, everyone who knows anything about Trade Unionism—and "Citizen," I think, rather. prides himself on his deep and exclusive understanding of the British proletariat—knows that the leaders, and espe- cially such leaders as Mr. Williams, are no- wise representative of the rank and file. What- ever "labour leaders," the overwhelming majority of the rank and file bitterly resent these undemocratic restrictions. "Citizen" says: "The evidence of the good results which have followed the Operations of the Control Board are obvious and overwhelm- ing." I most emphatically deny that the evi- dence is either obvious or overwhelming. The Board in its own official report only claims a miserable half-success, and the "evidence" for this is a mass of cooked statistics and un- supported assertions. If the Board has any really convincing evidence, why does not it put it forward? 'perhaps " Citizen " is better in- formed of the Board's ,beneficent achievements than is the Board itself. Mr. Patrick O'Brien intervenes to tell us that Mr. Tillett is, or has been, a•teetotaler. and—to judge from the extracts given—a pretty hot one at that! I was aware of this before, but the fact that the famous leader of the -Docks Strike held these- anti-liquor views only adds weight to his present protest against too drastic restriction. -

J. E. SIMPSON Liverpool, DeeenOler 11111.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
STUDENTS' SUCCESSES.

First And Third Places In Lancashire And Cheshire.

At a meeting of the Warrington Education Committee on Monday evening, a tunmary of the results of the examinations in hei ence, commercial and other subjects for the ,session 1914-15 was presented, and it showed that a good number Of successes had been gained by local students.

The number of students examined under the Board of Education Science Examination was nine. Five passed and four failed. In the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes (Science Examinations) 58 students were examined. Twenty-seven passed and 31 failed.

in the City and Guilds of London Institute, 41 students were exaMined in various subjects. Three obtained a "first class"; seven a "second class-; and nine .41 "third class"; nutking the total number of passes 19. The Fell-mining 23 failed. In the Technical Institute (Union of Lan- cashire and Cheshire) Examinations, 255 students were examined; 184 passed and 71 failed. Other results are;— Commercial Institute (Union •of Lancashire and Cheshire): 633 papers worked; 401 students passed and 232 failed. In these examinations 39 • students gained distinctions; one -secured the first place in Lancashire and Cheshire, and another secured the third plaice. t Branch Technical Schools (Union of Lance- shire and Cheshire Institutes) : 479 examined; 358 passed; 123 failed.• Royal Society of Arts: 25 examined; 18 passed; 17 failed. • At the Technical Institute four pupils secured distinctions in the preliminary technical • course (2nd year) of the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes. . Other distinctions in- cluded ono in millinery and one in needlework.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
TREAT FOR SMOKERS.

Smokers will have a real treat if they write to Messrs. Stretton and to., 409; St. John-street, :London, for a box of their Yandas Gardenias Cigars. Good cigars are considered by many too expensive to smoke, but this is not th 4 case if you buy Gardenias.. They have an exquisite flavour and are equal to many cigars costing almost double. The price is low--4 for Is. 4d., 25 for is.-9d. and 50 for 15s. • Write to this firm it you id-Sli`lor a' really good smoke,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
wlt

NlFr

, .

‘-"w, -• \

===== 0002601_19151225_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ft

"MP

===== 0002601_19151225_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

,-„,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

===== 0002601_19151225_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

. •

===== 0002601_19151225_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
A SPRIG OF HOLLY

The little foom was very bare, but in all his hardy, strenuous life, Pere Michel had never known the meaning of the word Luxury. If he might have a table at which to write—a table whose corner must be cleared with a sigh -whenever his white- haired servant, worthy Catherine, elected to bring him his scanty meals—an armchair in which to sit by the wood fire in the even- ings and enjoy the one cigar he daily allowed himself, arid a shelf of treasured books, his chief solace and refreshment, Pere Michel needed nothing more. Unless, per- haps, he would have found it difficult to do without the great pots of deep-coloured carnation flowers that stood upon his little window-sill, turning their fragrant blossoms to the sunlight which flooded the peaceful valley from morning till night. Beyond the window soft grey mountain peaks cut across the blue of the sky, mountains whose feet were set in olive gardens and orange groves, whilst their higher slopes were clothed -with oak and birch, and all those hardier growths which seem to belong rather to the north than to the south. Pere Michel• loved the mountains. Something in his strong and simple nature was akin to those grey rocks and clean-cut peaks that raised such erect heads in the sunlight; and his blue eyes, though they were faded now and dim with age, held something of the clearness of the blue, over-arching sky. Year in, year out, he lived in that peaceful valley, shut off by its rampart of grey rocks from the outside world, only hearing echoes of that world now and again when some traveller toiled up from the town far below, to look about the little mountain village. with curious, critical eyes.

Seated by his open window, the old Curd could hear the whistle of the. train in the plains beneath, could even see the white smoke trailing awdy across the mulberry trees and the vines and the maize fields, and a smile would flicker out over his fine old face, as memory brought back to him thoughts of the long-ago days when he, too, had lived in the great world of trains, and men, and the busy hum of life. Well, well! He was old now; be had grown old in the service of those people in the valley amongst the mountains, and he had learnt to love the little village set against its rocks, and looking out across the sunny plains to the far-off snow peaks that bounded the horizon. Although the, month was December, mad the days wanted only a fortnight till Christ- mas, the sheltered little village was very. warm, very bright. The Cure's carnations were not the only ones that swung frag- rant heads in the little breeze that danced along the mountain sides. Outside many of the villagers' windows carnations trailed their grey-green leaves, and crimson or pale pink blossoms along the wooden balconies, and down towards the sunny square. And in the little square itself, before the white church, pink rosebuds nodded, in the sun- shine, and over Mere Angelique's house the bees were humming amongst crimson roses, opening their royal hearts to the light. Pere Michel, his frugal midday meal ended.. sat in his chair beside the window, patiently waiting until Madame Catherine should have cleared away the plates, allow- ing him to return to his writing and his books. His brief siesta was over; lie cast occasional longing glances towards the table, and the writing materials which Ms servant had removed to a neighbouring chair. Her entrance with his meal had cut ruthlessly into his train of titought, but the gentle old man never dreamt of remonstrating with Madame Catherine who, as far as his bodily needs were concerned, ruled him with a rod of iron. Perhaps it was as well that she did wield that iron rod, otherwise it is more than probable that he would have forgotten .the necessity for eating, any meals at all; `and it is quite within the region of possi- bility that he also would have omitted to go to bed had not Catherine taken away his lamp at a fixed hour every evening, and in- formed him sternly that his bedroom was ready and his candle alight. Stern as was her discipline, the good old servant adored her master, as, indeed, did every man, woman, and child who came under Pere Michel's kindly influence. He never passed along the village street without a score of laughing, chattering urchins at his heels clinging to his hands, grasping his shabby old cassock. He could not stir a foot from his house but some village wife or mother would come to pour into his sympathetic ears a tale of joy or wee; and .morning, noon and night the door of his little- dwell- ing stood open wide that. all . Who would might enter and seek his never-failing help and counsel.

The door was set open now, framing that wide landscarie of sunny plain, and grey mountains, and far-away snow-peaks, which made so restful and complete a whole, that a woman who slowly climbed the steps to the open door stood on the top step for many seconds before knocking at the door, looking out silently at the beautiful world below her.

"Such peace here. Such turmoil outside a'.l this peace," she whispered, and a weary sigh broke from her as she turned away from the sunshiny prospect, and softly knocked on the Cure's door. '

Perhaps he echoed her sigh. He had greatly hoped for a quiet afternoon, during which he could give himself with undivided mind to the book he was writing—that book which in his guileless mind he fancied-would be the magnum opus of his life. Deer, gentle old man. He did not know, he never dreamt. that his greatest work—his work that would endure for ever—lay in the human lives he had helped, in the men and women he had taught to be better, purer, to come nearer to God. His innocent dreams of fame as a writer were not destined to he fulfilled; jewels that were set in Pere Michel's crown were fashioned of the souls he had led into the paths of goodness. His sigh, when he heard that knock at bis doer, was scarcely audible, and as he rose and moved across the brick-paved floor to greet his visitor, his ever-ready smile of welcome was on his face. But the smile flashed into a look of surprise when he saw the woman who waited on the threshold, for she was not in the least the sort of- visitor he had expected to see, and for a moment .the sight of her completely took the old man's breath away. TY& , woman was tall and graceful, and very stately; dressed in black, sweep- ing garments which even to the Curd's igno- rant eyes seemed very rich and costly. Their dead blackness of colouring enhanced her delicately fair complexion and the bright glory of her hair, whilst it seemed to Pere Michel that her eyes were like the wall- flowers that grew in his tiny garden in spring-time—brown, soft • (wallflowers, with the light of the dewdrops glistening in their depths. For that first moment the old Cure and his unexpected visitor looked at one another in silence, and then Pere Michael stood aside and said courteously: "Will you enter, madam? You perhaps wished to speak to me—to me, Pere Michel?"

A smile crept over the beautiful face—a smile holding in it such an infinity of sad. pow: that the old man's heart ached for her.

"I did not know your name, my father," she answered, speaking his language with fluency, though will'''. a strongly-marked foreigc accent, "I only saw—the church— your little sunny house---and—the open door. It was the open door that made me come."

"My door is always open," he answered, setting a chair close to his carnation-filled window for his surprising visitor. "My people can come to me when they will. Day and night my door is open -wide for them, and for all who need me, he added, seeing how, as the smile faded from het face, an unutterable sadness fell upon it. and what anguish looked out of the depths of ber brown eyes. "For—all who need you?a, she repeater) wistfully, "but I—am a stranger, in the land, alien in race, alien in faith. I do not worship as you worship, Mon Pere; I have no right to come to youjor help:" . _

“No right' - He looked down at her

By L. G. MOBERLY.

and something in tne glance or nis 'quiet eyes seemed to bring some balm to her troubled soul, "all who are in need or in sadness have a right to come to me for help, my daughter. And—what if our ways of worship or of faith be different—are we not all the children of God—and in God's hands?" "Are we?"—she stirred restlessly and rose from the chair in which he had placed her—"are we in God's hands? The-q His hands hurt us. They are cruel. Why do we say 'Our Father,' when he hurts us so? A father loves his children. He does not hurt them." . "Sometimes—a father hurts his children because he loves them." The old man's voice was very gentle. "A father knows better what Is good for his child, than the child can know for itself; and the great Father of us all knows best what is best for us."

There was certainty in the gentle voice; the blue eyes met the anguished brown ones with a steadfast assurance that brought with it a sense of strength.

"Y-ou say that as if you had n-o doubt of its, truth,' she said wistfully. _

"I have no doubt of it truth," he an- swered. "I have lived on this beautiful earth of ours longer than the fourscore years of which the Psalmist speaks, and I know that our Father always knows the best for all of us--,always does the best. God—is-- love."

"Is He? "—she wrung her hands passion- ately together—"is He? Then why does He' seem as if He liked to hurt me? As if— trouble 'after trouble came to me when I did not deserve them? Why have I so much to bear when all I asked for was a little happiuess—a little love?" . _ _ _

"All you mired for? You asked for love and happiness, my daughter, what did you give?"

- "What did I give? I do not understand." "Have you given love and happin? Have you spread them all 'about you, so that those who came near you basked in their sunlight? Have you greatly loved, my daughter?" _

"i" loved and was deceived "—her face all at once hardened, a great bitterness looked out of her eyes—"and since the day when I found I was being deceived I. have wan- dered over the world, trying to find peace and love and happiness again, and finding none of them." She laughed, a bitter little laugh, and Pere Michel's hand touched her shoulder. His voice was almost stern.

"You have not been carrying peace and love and happiness to others. You have only been eeking them for yourself. No wonder that your search has been in vain; it will always be in vain until you forget yourself and live for others—only for others.'!--

"I have no one to live for," she an- swered drearily. "The man I loved—tke man whom I dreamt loved me—" "What of him?" Pere Michel broke in quickly, when she paused. "Where is the min you love? Had you no duty; to fulfil towards him?" "I —towards him?" The woman drew herself up to her full regal height, a flush of colour ran over her face, a gleam of anger shot into her eyes. "He forgot his duty to me. I—have done with him for ever."

For a moment silence fell over the little bare room, and the old Cure looked thoughtfully at his visitor's beautiful changing face and at the gown of bright hair, into which the sunligfit wove threads of shinifig gold. "My daughter," he said very quietly. after that moment's pause, "will you tell me your story?" Under his steadfast eyes her own gaze wavered; her eyes with their flash of indig- nation no longer met his eyes; they turned instead to the great landscape, flooded with the light of the afternoon sun. "My story," she faltered. "It—it—is the story of many unhappy women. My hus- band----" "Your husband?" The old man's tones all at once became very grave. "You are wan- dering about the world in search of happi- ness whilst you have a husband, by whose side your place should surely be?" "Why should, it be there?" Defianeo gleamed in her eyes again. "He made my life intolerable; I thought he loved me, but he grew Aired of me, as all men tire of the women they pretend to Jove. He has his amusements,'. his 'pleasures he made ,my life a misery, and I have come away to find peace." "You tried to win him back? You were all that a wife should be to him?" the old man asked, forgetting that he spoke to a stranger—a great lady from a foreign land —and speaking as though to one of his own village folk who had forgotten her wifely duty; "you have done your utmost to heal the breach between you?"

"Done my utmost? No!" She shrugged her shoulders slightly. "He did not care to make me happy. Why should 1 concern myself to make his life smooth when he gave no thought to me? Surely my rights had to be considered. Why-" "Why should you put self aside and think of the man you promised to take for better :--for worse?" The gentle voice was suddenly. 'very stern. "Why 'should you remember your duties, and not only your rights? Why? Because the world is not a play- ground, but a place of struggle; because the good God set you here .to live for others. not for self; because," his voice softened again, "it is more blessed to give than te, receive."

Silence fell over the room again, and in the silence the old man caught the sound of a sharply indrawn breath. But the tall woman had turned her' face from him, and once more looked out towards the moun- tains.

"Tell me," he said, and there was a strange, fatherly tenderness in his voice, "tell me of the days when first you and he learnt to love one another."

"What is the good of telling you?" she answered recklessly, turning back towards him with a laugh that hurt the kindly old man; "he loved me once—he does not love me any more. Let the dead past bury its dead. Why dig it up afresh to spoil the present. In time I shall find what I want. In time I shall learn to be light of heart again. I was a fool to come here and whimper to you. I ought to have known it was a foolish quest !" Once more her laugh rang out; she made 'a little movement towards the door ; her eyes, very hard and bitter, looked defiantly into the patient old eyes that watched her, then wandered round the bare room. _ _ _

"I " she began again, and having uttered that one word, she stopped, utter- ance and movement alik arrested, whilst her eyes fixed themselves upon something over the mantelshelf. Old Catherine had stuck it there, its stalk resting behind a superlatively hideous print, its glossy leaves an& scarlet berries clearly defined against the background of limewashed wall—just a sprig of holly. brought . down from the mountain heights by a village urchin, who had shyly presented it to Pere Michel. Only a sprig. of holly. But to .the woman who saw it m this moment it seemed the symbol of so much—so very, very much. England, home. the lanes where Jack had wooed and won her, the dear grey land that was so far away from this land of sunshine; and yet— and yet— " Tell me "—the gentle old voice broke in upon a strange medly of Ihoughts—"about the days when you and he first loved each other.", Ah! Pere Michel had learnt to observe much, and to know much of the human heart, even though he lived in this sheltered valley away from the great world. "It was winter time," she said, a sudden wistfulness in her eyes, and a tremulous smile upon her lips; "an English winter— not like this." She put out her hands to- wards the glowing landscape. "There was frost on the ground, and the bare boughs of the trec.s 'made a .brown lace-work szainst t`la sky—a pale, soft sky, of misty _ AA. .............. Alm •

===== 0002601_19151225_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
*Mr

itk ,

blue. And in the lane there were hollies weat folly trees, covered with berries. Jack said "—the smile deepened on her face—"by Jove, how the dicky birds are going to over- eat themselves this winter !" The sun shone down on the hollies, and the berries shone so crimson amongst their dark leaves, and he crut me off a sprig like," there came a falter into her voice, 'like the sprig you have up there." Pere Michel's eyes followed her pointing finger, and into his wise old heart there leapt a sudden understanding; but he did not interrupt her torrent of words. "It vFas just a little sprig like that; he pinned it into my coat for me—it was nearly Christmas time—and—and—he put his hand on my shoulder. " 'Give me a happy Christmas, my dear,' he said. His voice was quite husky, but his eyes told me what he meant; and I cared for him so much, so very much, that I understood. I don't think I answered any- thing," her eyes grew dreamy, "there slid not seem to be any need for words between US two—then. Jack and I understood each other in those days, before we had learnt to hurt each other instead!"

Her voice sank into dreariness, her hands dropped to her sides; she looked still at the sprig of holly with so hungry a Yearning in her eyes that Pere Michel again touched her gently. "My child," he said, "will you not give your husband auother happy Christmas?' A little sob broke from her. Great tears filled her eyes. She looked piteously into the kind old face.

"But—if he does not want me now?" "Go back to him," came the quiet answer, "take a sprig of holly in your hand and go to him. Say that you are sorry for all that wae selfish; all that perhaps hurt him, in your married life." His listener flushed, but no word came from her. _ _

"Take him back—in thought—to the lane where the holly trees grow, under the pale, soft sky, where the trees made a lace-work of brown branches. Make him remember the day when first he knew ,you loved him; and begin again, my daughter—begin differently. Think not of rights, but, of duties—your duties to him. Give of your best to the man you love, for it is more blessed to give than to receive. Give him a happy Christmas." "A happy Christmas!" The tears in her eyes welled over and fell down her cheeks. "I haven't had a happy Christmas since I came away. And I am tired of the lands of palm and olive and sunshine. I want my grey old land, where the holly trees are full of berries now, where--"

"Where your husband waits for you, my daughter • where you will begin again a newer, better life for him, and for yourself.. Is it not so?"

The brown, deep eyes looked full into the faded blue ones, and then her hands went out impulsively. and caught Pere Michel's thin, blue-veined hands. - -

"I will try," she said. "I .believe I have been wrong. I will do my best now, only give me that sprig of holly from your mantelpiece, that I may remember this place, where I have learnt- my lesson, where I have found peace, and I will go home to begin again, to give my husbana, if I can, a happy Christmas."

ESTABLISHED HALF A. CENTURY.

, '44 • t

)C

===== 0002601_19151225_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TWINS.

The benevolent old gentleman stopped at the ,sight. of the two similar-looking infants in the baby carriage, .and said in a pleasant voice to the girt in attendance:,

"AI ! Twins?" ' "Yes, sir," replied the girl; "both boys."

"So?" said the old gentleman. "How do you tell them apart? Which is which?" "This one," said the nurse, pointing, "is this, and that one is that."

"Dear me," said the old gentleman, "how very interesting. But." he added, indicating tile second one, "might not this one be this also?"

"It might," said the girl, after a short pause; "then, of course, that would be that." "Well, then," said the old gentleman, "how do you manage to separate them?" "We seldom do, but when we want to we put one in one room and the other in another."

"Do you, indeed. Which do you put in one room F"

"Sometimes this one and sometimes that."

"How do you know which one you're putting in which room?" "We look and see which is in the other room, and then we know the other is in the which room."

"Very good," said the old gentleman, warm- ing up to the problem, "but if one of them was in the house and the other was away somewhere, would you be able to tell which was in the house?"

"Oh, yes, sir," said the girl earnestly; "all we would have to do would be to look at him and then we would know that the one we saw was the one in the house, and then, of course, the one away somewhere would be the other. There are only two of them, you see, which makes it very easy."

The benevolent Old gentleman then passed on

===== 0002601_19151225_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Had Done So.

"Doctor, why don't you sometimes denounce wickedness in high places?" "Bless your soul, Brother Hardesty, I do! Have you forgotten that in my sermon two Sunday 6 ago I spoke sharply against the prar- tice of flirting in the elevated railway trains?"

===== 0002601_19151225_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
ME- ; WriSIEL •*.dacitielllV

===== 0002601_19151225_art0037.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
~"/"Jr's' - . , .

===== 0002601_19151225_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
PETER LEIGH

Is now offering a wry choice selection of

Of All Kinds.

Xmas

eakes Fancy Biscuits,

And

Large Assortment

of TOM

SMITH'S

CHRISTMAS CRACKERS,

&c. .. .•

••• • • • •0• • • •

Also a Special Selection of the

ABLE AT WONDERFULLY CHEAP PRICES.

Sole Agent for .

NEW CURRANTS, SULTANAS, VALENCIA RAISINS, MUSCATELS, CALIFORNIA PLUMS, FIGS, ORANGES, APPLES AND NUTS ::

CHOICEST WINES AND SMITS OBTAIN.

Tins of

===== 0002601_19151225_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
WI4ITBRERD'S

7, Horsemarket Street.

Established Over 52 Years.

FAMOUS ALES AND STOUTS.

THE FINEST IN THE TRADE.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19151225_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,-4i9=XtMaili.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
• .V,•••i SJI% - • . • •41. t. 16. , - . • • • •. • • „, • • , • • '.•!0 , •.•• • 4i • 41/ • .0- • • ft.. 4,41. • „ . • • • AN.P4it • 1, • • • f • . 7 • - • • •• ••• • . - . . . r • * AO • • • .••• .40 " •it • • 4 • A:I

===== 0002601_19151225_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
f. „ ~ I 1 ' , ; 1 -. i 1; . 1.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r ul

===== 0002601_19151225_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- 1 - f • .1.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
' :,, 1' • t 1 , l' ' •';. , . vk .4,- 1 -4,,. - - ' . ...., , ~ f - ~- - = - -4,,,„ '-i - , ,',.... -i

===== 0002601_19151225_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
206th Year of the Sl3 N FIRED,. OFFICE

Oldest Insurance Office in the World.

Orgil4 irons Policy dated MIL

RESULTANT LOlBB OF RENT AND PROFITS. EMPLOYERS LIABILITY PERSONAL ACCIDENT. & WORKMEN'S SICKNESS & DISEASE, COMPENSATION. FIDELITY GUARANTEE, DOMESTIC SERVANTS, BURGLARY. PLATE GLASS, Agents in Warrington Messrs. 3. R. Pickniere and Son, Bridge Street Messrs. Woods and Son, Commercial Chambers, 55, Horseinarket Street. Mr. Louis A. Voisey,Bold Street Mr. R. Lowe,s, Entterms.rket Street. Messrs. Spencer Wallhead & Son, 5, Egypt Street.

BIRTHS. MARRIAGES, DEATHS.

Marriage.

DENNIETT—PARKEEL—On the 18th inst., at the Zion Chapel, Legh-street, Warrington, by the Rev. A. J. Chessurn, Walter. second son of the late john Sas. Dennett and M. E. Dennett, of Howley. to Lily, daughter of W. H. and U. E. Parkes, of

'' •.--- 1' ,, IoomPININIPIPI .._ ~ ~, [ tt, 27 , .......t xa 1 0.:,,,i0.4,4 tr? i, orkt4-I\l:tgii.4::A4' kvi• • A ty iiiyof....,b, /11 _ r mem7 1 r r A. ._„, $i 7; v' ~,,H, 4 .-,:,: ~..„,/, „...,..:. _ ........--- ...„2..,-.,...„,,„.._.,, ~.......• A., ..--c.' le Ica° _on

Insurances effected on the following risks FIRE ISq:KIVIAGE.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Silver 'Wedding.

JEFFERY—PODMORE.—On. December 2.5 th, 1890, at Wycliffe Congregational Church, Warrington, by the Rev. John Yonge, Sydney W. Jeffery to Mary S. rodraore, youngest daughter of the late Joseph Podmore. 104, Manchester-road, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Deaths:

SHAW-GBEEN.—At Dyaart, Blenheim A.v.nue, Southampton, on 17th December, Annie, the widow of Alderman Shaw-Green. FOY.—Deeeraber 16th,- at 40.. Naylor-street, Mary

Foy, aged 49 years.- FRYER.—December 17th, at 22, Robson-street, Edith Fryer, aged 39 years. MlLLER.—December 17th, at 3, • Hewitt-street, Henry Miller, aged 44 years. JONES.—Deeember 20th, at 186, Longford-street, Mary Jones, aged 79 years. WlLLlAMS.—December 16th, at 42, Cartwright- street, Ellen,Williares, aged 22 years. YATES.—December 17th, at 18, Elizabeth-street, Walter Yates, aged 23 years.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
In Memoriam.

ROBERTS.—In loving memory of a dear and kind father, J. W. Roberts, who passed away Decem- ber (..*th. 1910. Ever remembered by his loving daughter, Earlsmere, Heaton, Bolton.

FIINERALS. BY_ MOUNFIELD & SONS. The Best in all Grades. Office: 15, Church street. Tel 99.

TO-DAY'S "EXAMINER."

Though this issue of "The Examiner" is dated Saturday, December 25th, it is, in fact, pub- lished Friday, December 24th.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1915,

CHRISTMAS It is scarcely " the old, old wish" that we offer our readers this Christmastide. A Merry Christmas is out of the question, and the ICeiv.Year is dot, likely to be happy, how- ever ardently we may long for the return of "letter days. But we offer our readers the next best wish in the strange conditions in which the world finds itself at a season specially dedicated to the aspiration of man- kind, that there shall be peace and goodwill among all men on earth. It is that we may t contrive to be as happy as circumstances will allow; that we may be content with our lot whatever it may be, if our troubles have not been self-inflicted; ,and that we may cherish the confident hope that before another Christ- mas we may have, with God's help, restored peace to the world, having in the process re- moved for ever that polluter of the world, that menace to peace, and that insult to the Creator of this beautiful Universe, that are concentrated in the fungus exerescence known as German Militarism.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RECRUITING FIGURES.

In another column we publish an analysis of the result of Lord Derby's appeal to War, ringion men under his scheme. Last week we were able to state, generally, that all the eligible young manhood, married and unmar- ried,. with a small margin of about five per cent., had enrolled themselves in the service of their King and country. This week we give the precise figures, which confirm our last week's generalisations. It was expected that the Government would hae been able this week to give the result of the national canvass as A whole, but so trzmcaslous has

been the work that they have been unable to meet the expectation. As the Prime Minister told the House on Tuesday, Lord Derby's task has been one of stupendous magnitude and complexity, and we must perforce wait a reasonable time for the information. We do know, however, that so numerous were the recruits that Lord Derby brought to the standard, that "they snowed under" his great staff of voluntary workers. We may also assume that this " snowing under," when it is known, will bring cold comfort to our friends, the enemy, who may now expect to have against them a nation voluntarily in arms. We are going straight for the goal, and the German leaders know it, even if they. do manage to deceive their people for the time being.

Of course, this great arthy of potentisil fighters will have to be classified. We shall have to divide them into unmarried eligibles who have been attested, and married eligibles whose offer to enlist is conditional upon the Prime Minister's pledge of single men first." We have already had something to say on this point, and suggested that'compul- sion may be applied to the small body of single men who prefer to be fetched, as they style it. It is suggested that there will_be a supplementary canvass of these defaulters. If compulsion were applied now it would be a very small matter, and could easily be en- forced, the vast majority of men having given their consent to serve. Thatis a-question for the future. :We are 'more immediately con- cerned with the success of the scheme so far as its ‘local results have been revealed. For this success we have to thank a small but enthusiastic body of workers, who, assisted by Messrs. Hayes and Sanders, as joint hon. secretaries, have left no stone unturned to provide a satisfactory end to the only real effort that we have made to vindicate volun- taryism.

COUNCILLOR OSBORNE'S RESIGNATION It will be remembered that when Councillor Osborne's resignation in November sent his colleagues on the Town Council into a state of indignation, we counselled a suspension of judgment on the part of the public until the case for ,the. Savings Bank Management had been made public. This week the annuaJ meeting of the Savings Bank has been held, but the discussion has not carried us much further. On the one hand, the managers contended that they had a right4to make a bargain with an employe not to' tlevote .any part of his time to public duties; on the other. hand it was argued that such an institution as a savings bank, run on democratic lines, has no right to put so drastic a limit upon the freedom and the public spirit of any man. Some of the managers weed with the prin- ciple- involved in the latter irgument and fought for its application three years ago. They now -wept on the other side. A prin- ciple, we thought, remained a principle, in spite of the flow of time or any other con- sideration; but it was deemed otherwise on Tuesday. The most unfOrtunate part of the whole proceeding is that the turn the con- troversy has taken may cause the superficially minded to entertain the idea that Councillor Osborne agreed to terms and then did not honour his part of the bargain. As a matter of fact, he appears to have honoured "the bargain " up to the hilt, resigning his public work unreservedly'. It was his resignation, in fact, that raised the ire of the Council. The discussion could well have been dispensed with, especially in view of the undignified and irrelevant character it often assumed.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OLD FOX.

The Old Fox stood in the winding street; It had smiled at the sun and scoffed at the sleet, And had watched the centuries ebb and flow, And the living come and the dea&men go.

It was built of oak and could stand the storm; It was roofed with thatch to keep folks warm; Its quaint old cellars were filled with beer;' - In its chimney •corner men kept good cheer.

But its comrades vanished one by one Till, at last, deserted, if stood alone; Its doors were closed to the passers-by; Its hearth was empty, its cellars dry.

But some lamented who passed that way. And they cried to the local Vandals, "Stay! The quaint old place to our hearts is dear; We have known and loved it for many a year.

"Our fathers sat by its fires, and theirs; It stood when Cromwell said hi, prayers In another inn On that fatal day When the routed Scotehmen rode this way.

"Its windows watched old "Howard pass, And saw how fair flAtitia was When eggs and butter were sold below, And the horns of the coaches used to blow.

" But its stout old beams still braved the storm, And its wattle and daub still kept men warm; Its leaden lights and windows small Have seen kings rise and empires fall."

• It linked us all to our deathless past, But' doom o'ershadowed its doors at last; Its roof has vanished, its walls are gone, And the great beams followed them one by one.

But they shall not rot in the mist and the rain; Its time-worn timbers shall rise again; 1.-And soon, where the grass and the trees are spread, Like the flowers from the earth, it shall rise from the dead.

ARTHUR BENNETT.

* John Howard, "the great philanthropist." Anna Lmtitia Aikin.(3llrs.Barbatild). It is proposed to rebuild this interesting Lithl landmark, in Victoria Ptirk.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ , -

===== 0002601_19151225_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1915.

this Bank to be discussed at all. The subject was lugged into the discussion and an attack of the most virulent and unjustifiable .char- acter was made. In the course of the attack I came in for my share of the knocks, as usual. While I have to thank the Mayor for having given the contradiction to one state- ment made by an illustrious member of the Council, nevertheless I was said to be up to

the neck in what was called a dishonourable and disgraceful attack. I have not attended any meeting of the Committee of Management, except at the annual meeting, for the last three years. With Mr. Smethurst and others, three "years ago, I came here to fight for an abstract principle—for the right of a man to employ his leisure time in such a manner as he might consider consistent. The,committee were induced to make a concession, which was duly observed and carried through, but cir- cumstances have occurred during the past three years which, to my mind, entire:y alter

the position. The principle -remains ,the same, but a man can contract- himself .out -of his privileges if he chooses to do so; and that is. what has happened. The interest of the Bank is really the only thing we -have to -.consider at all, and we are not influenced by any other motive. We may be wrong in our judgment, and are subject to criticism, • like everybody else. I can speak . without feeling in this matter, because I am one who has 'taken no part or lot whatever in the matter, and I can, therefore, speak with freedom, but I say that the committee, in considering this question solely and exclusively from the point of view of what in their judgment was in the best interests of the Bank, came to the .decision—in view of the fact that the staff had .airt-ady been depleted bt two or .okree members having en- listed-7-that it was 40.bsolutely essential that every .official. should • devote the whole of his time to the interests of :the Institution, -and should not be disturbed,- mentally or physically, by occupation of any other kind except of a recreative nature.

The officials of the Bank were approached on

that understanding, and the whole thing was discussed with Mr. Osborne and others; and the situation was explained to them. Mr. Osborne was given a very handsome advance of salary—(hear, hear)—in consideration—XBo, I believe. At all events, it was such an advance that does not often occur in an Insti- tution of this character. It is not often that a clerk in a Bank gets a, jump of £BO a year for any consideration at all. I know something about bank clerks' salaries. I don't say that Mr. Osborne's is a "soft job," but it is a well- paid one by comparison with similar positions in other Banks. I don't think I shall be wrong if I say it is the best paid appointment of the character I know of. However, the fact remains that after discus- sion with Mr. Osborne, he voluntarily agreed with the arrangement and consented to give ,up all the work he was engaged upon, either in the Council or out, in consideration of this very substantial advance of salary. That took place in May. The committee have fulfilled their part of the contract, and Mr. Osborne has received his proportion of the increased salary, as the salary dates from the time of the arrangement. The time has now come for Mr. Osborne to carry out his part of the con- tract.

Councillor. Roberts proceeded to repudiate a suggestion that he had had anything to do with Councillor Osborne's resignation. "I want to justify myself," he said. "I have a reputation to keep and a reputation that I wish to be re- spected during the few- remaining years that I have to live. . . . I want my vindication, and I have derended myself this morning from these beastly • personal insinuations."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RIGHT TO BARGAIN.

The Chairman: I am bound to decide against Mr. Upson' ti resolution, which amounts to a direct negative. Mr. Upson: I am interested only in the principle, and while you have Made this bar- gain I hold that you had no right to do so. Councillor Roberts: That is a question. Mr. Upson: I take it I have a right as a manager to move an amendment? The Chairman: You have a right to move an amendment.

Mr. Smethurst: On a point of orcler—can the matter be raised on the agenda under "any other business," and let the business of the Bank: go on? Cries of "No; let's get it finished at once."

Mr. Upson: I move "That the managers of the Warrington and District Savings Bank, having heard the explanation of the Com- mittee of Management as to the case of an employe of the Bank, who was a member of the Warrington Town Council, express their disapproval of that treatment." Councillor Roberts: It amounts to a question of confidence or no confidence in the manage- ment.

councillor Craik asked whether the Corn.] raittee of Management had a right to make an 1 arrangement with a servant of the Bank. It was a most ridiculous thing. He had only been a member of the committee twelve months, but he could say without fear of contradiction that the arrangement entered into by Mr. Osborne and the other officials was loyally carried out by Elie committee. The committee• had carried out their agreement, but at the last moment• it seemed that Mr. Osborne wanted to have his position improved at the Bank, a hand- some increase given to him, and to retain his position as a member of the Town Council. Ile :the speaker) thought the answer of the Bank which appeared in the newspapers was quite sufficient for the public of Warrington. They had had no signs that the public were not satisfied with the explanation which had been given to them. If they were not satisfied they would have asked for further particulars. It was difficult to see, the move that was going on in the matter that morning. He could say, however, that the committee had loyally carried nut their agreement with Mr. Osborne. The amendment Was seconded by the Bev. H. Ogden, but on being put to the meeting only the proposer and seconder voted for it. A number present did not vote, but the majority of the managers were against the amendment, and it was declared lost. The original resolution, that the report of the Committee of Management be approved, was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Ann's Old Scholars.

The first reunion of St. Ann's old scholars took place last Saturday evening in Monett-Street Schools. About 50 persons sat down to tea, dUr- ing which many stories of youthful /escapades, one dating back nearly fifty years, were related. Mr. Glover, who has been headmaster for about 31 years, filled the duties of chairman very agreeably. After tea asocial went merrily along for •aboui two hours, the following artistes taking part Travis, Messrs. Beswick, Berry, Hardman, P. Rigby aTid W. Rigby. Mr. W. Houghton acted as accompanist. "Auld Lang Syne," which concluded a pleasant even- ing, 'had a fuller and .deeper meaning than on most occasions.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Transport Waggon On Fire.

• As a steam motor waggon loaded with bales of cotton was passing Hollins Green on 'Satur- day afternoon, a man informed the driver that the cotton was on fire. The driver and his assistant tried to roll the burning bales off, but were only able to remove a few .of the upper ones on to the road. They drove the burning load down the lane near the Old Boathouse; and removed a few more, but were beaten by tne heat and smoke. P.C. Wilson, of Cadishead, mounted his bicycle and telephoned to Warring- ton for assistance, and Superintendent. Turner sent a steamer in charge of Deputy-Superin- tendent H. Cook to the scene. On their arrival they found the load burning furiously. A. supply of water was obtained with some diffi- culty from the Ship Canal, and the engine was got to work just in time to save the waggon and engine, with only slight damage. It was, how- ever, some hours before the cotton was ex- tinguished,, but the firemen, working well. under trying conditionS, succeeaed in saving the bulk from destguetion. - The motor waggon was owned by Mr. -John .Leatherbarrow, Park-road, Salford. Both waggon and cotton were covered by insurance.- It is supposed a cinder from the engine funnel dropped on the tarpaulin cover, burned through, and ignited the cotton.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
COUN. OSBORNE'S RESIGNATION.

Mr. Upson Asks For Information At The Savings Bank Meeting.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCIL DEBATE CRITICISED.

The discussion at the annual meeting of the Warrington Town Council concerning the resignation of Mr. Edmund Osborne as a member of the Town Council was referred to at the annual meeting of the Warrington, Runcorn and District Savings Bank, which was held at 'the offiCes of the Bank in Butter- market-street on Tuesday 'morning. In the absence of 'Mr. C. Jackson Holmes, Mr. Josiah Longland was voted to the chair. -The, Trustees present were: Messrs. William Tinsley, Henry -Roberts, J. Rymer -Young, F. A. Frost, G. W.. Joseph, S. C. Beckett, John Pritchard, George Summerfield. and Thomas Wright. The mana- gers present were Messrs. T. P. Bradshaw, William Clegg, J. G. Craik, J. W. Hayward, J. S. Hill, J. Moore Murray, Segar Owen, James Pritchard, James Richardson, William Roberts, J. E. Seeker, S. Percy Silcock, James ilenry Smethurst, John Upson, Edward Wal- lington, the Rev. H. Ogden, the Rev. G. Vale Owen, and the Rev. J. Yonge. Mr. J. W. Hayward moved, and Mr. William Clegg seconded, "that the report of the Com,. mittee of Management be approved, and that this 'meeting acknowledge the valuable services rendered to the Institution by the. gentlemen acting on the committee during the past year, and tender its best thanks to them."

upon salary. This case is far more on a parallel with the Banks than with firms like Messrs. Crosfield's. The question is how far is an employe to try to depart from an ar- rangement to which he is a party. If any of you desire a clerk, you would be justified in naming your terms, and if they are unpalatable to the candidate he can decline them. ,If Mr. Osborne regards himself as an aggrieved—l don't see how he can be, as he has an extremely handsome salary, and it is one of the softest jobs in Warrington—if he is aggrieved, the remedy is in his own hands. If he finds his time • more valuable than we pay him for it, he is at liberty to resign. And I assume that the committee would be able to dispense with his services. I do object to this manifest breach of contract; it is a distinct endeavour to get out of an arrangement. It comes to this: Has this Bank, which has been a suececs for years and years, to go on its own way to success, or should it degenerate to a committee of the Town Council?

===== 0002601_19151225_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. UPSON ASKS A QUESTION.

As -the Chairman was about to put the reso- lution to the meeting, Mr. John 'Ellison said: " There is-a question in: the minds of a great many- here this morning. A very- strong attack has been made iipon this Institution, or, rather, upon those who are responsible for its management, and I should like .to know whether the Committee of Management has any information to give them as to what ar- rangements have ,been. made with an employe of the Bank and publiC services. I don't want to raise the whole 'question, or to enter upon a discussion, but 'I think it is due from the Committee of Management that we should ,have some information as to what is to be done." Mr. William Roberts: I think that after the attack at he Council Meeting the reply Of the Committee of _Management, which ap- peared in the nesyslialiers, was very dignified, and I think it was a reply which was emin- ently satisfactory to those who have the welfare of the Bank at -heart. So far as I am personally concerned, I think that. nothing fur- ther is required from here, but. something is required from elsewhere. We ought/ to have some explanation from the Mayor. of Warring- ton for what / consider a- very ,unwarrantable attack upon the Committee' of Management, and unless something of that sort is to be made ,here this morning, I think, ~that the most dignified course for the managers and com- mittee of this Bank is to say nothing further about the matter. I think that the answer made through the medium of the Press was the only answer that -was required; I think it was a complete answer, to the charges.

Mr. Upson: I don't think we are all so easily satisfied as Mr. Roberts. I think that we, as a body, ought to have a statement from you (the Chairman), or from some authoritative person, as to the position at the moment. The answer of the trustees ,or Committee of Management, through the Press, is no answer to this body. We are not puppets, simply ;to come•bere once a year to approve of everything that has been prepared by the Board and to move resolutions as typewritten -by the officials of this Institu- tion: I am not at all satisfied, as a manager of this Bank, to receive a Press answer to a charge' that has been made against this Insti- tution. I think it is due to us, as managers, to receive a statement as to the position of this employe. AN ARRANGEMENT MADE.

The Chairman: It might be convenient if I say a word; the position is precisely as it was. The employe made an arrangement with the nianagers, and that -,arrangement is still in force. The managers made the arrangement in what they considered the best interests of the Bank, and for the welfare of the Bank. As the . paragraph in the paper stated, the arrange- ment was a perfectly friendly one on both sides.

The Rev. H. Ogden said that there did not -seem to be any: remuneration attached to the work of the Town Council. He thought that an employe of, 'Mr. Osbornes's ability would cat the glow over the Bank by the ability that he displayed in conducting the affairs of the Council. Certainly, as one of the managers, he (the speaker) failed to understand the rea- son why this employe was refused permission to give his leisure time to the work of the Council. He gathered 'that the arrangement was that an employe should not take up any remunerative work in his spare time. He was not aware that an employe would not be allowed- to do any public work in his leisure time. It seemed to him that it would be quite as logical to deny a man the right to use, his leisure time in some form of pleasure, amuse- ment, or recreation, as to deny him the right to work on the Town Council.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
A QUESTION OF LIBERTY.

Mr. T. P. Bradshaw: As. a representative .of the Friendly Societies, who have a considerable amount of money in the-Savings Bank, I per- sonally have no concern as to what the Mayor of Warrington said at the Council meeting, but I eam concerned that.. the 'ratepayers of this :town should; be ..deprived..of the services of one of their best men by a iesOlution of this Bank. Firms in the town not only. allowed their men to attend Council meetings, but offered them facilities. Messrs. JOseph Crosfield and Sons (who had sent more workmen to the Colours than any other firm in the town), when there was a vacancy ,in the. Whitecross Ward, and Mr. Dale was approached, and through the kind services of Mr. Henry Roberts, Metsrs. Crosfield unhesitatingly, gave him ,permission. Councillor H. Roberts: He asked . for per- mission. .

Mr. Bradshaw: But. I understand you went out of Your way to get him that permission. Mr. -Clegg, the representative of the Friendly Societies on the Education Committee, received permission from the same firm. Messrs. Walker have granted Mn. Fulton- Smith similar privileges; and the same have been granted by Rylands's. We now find that one of our own servants cannot attend meet- ings in his own time. He attended the cora- mittee meetings on `Thursday afternoons and the Council meetings at six o'clock in the evening, when the Bank was closed. And now, simply because of an increase in salaries, we are told that it is necessary for Mr. Osborne to retire from the Town Council. Are you going to take away his liberty and his freedom? It is an admitted fact that the late Alderman Davies, your own actuary, was a mayor and alderman, but now that it is a-cashier that is concerned, I suppose that it is "infra dig." If Mr. Osborne had been the actuary instead of cashier, very probably nothing. would have been said. I do object to an Committee of Management tying down any man who is doing what he can in the interests of his own town in his own time. As a representative of the Friendly Societies, I protest.

MR. RYMER YOUNG DEFINES THE ISSUE.

Mr. J. Rymer Young: Mr. Bradshaw did not enumerate the various Banks of the town, and the Banks are better parallels than the firms that he has mentioned. 'Parr's Bank, and the other large Banks, not only do they stipulate as to whether their employes should take part in Town Council work or, in politics, but they went further and told 'them when they could marry. That arrangement depended, of course,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
NOT AGGRIEVED.

The Rev. H. Ogden: I don't know if Mr. Osborne is an aggrieved person—LA Voice: "He iS.")—but I happened to mention the matter to him. He refused to discuss it, and he re- quires credit for that. I think it is most deplorable at this public Board that it should be said that we have an employe who has a soft job. (Hear, hear.) I regret deeply that• at a meeting of such highly-honoured gentlemen such kind of phrasing should be used, or in any measure endorsed. What- ever the agreement was,. I think it was a finan- cial one—that no financial work should be under- taken after /the uSual business hours. That is what I understood, but what I would like to ask is whether an employe, who is serving the town so well, is acting in a manner inimical to the interests of the Bank or otherwise by attending the meetings of the Town Council? I take it. with all respect to the greater banks, men as Parr's, that the chief contributors in our case are working people--the people of small -neans— and I should take it that if those working folk have confidence in an employe who is serving the town, it would rather increase than go against the welfare of the bank.

The Chairman interrupted, saying that he thought Mr. Ogden had risen to refer to a point mentioned by another speaker. He could not make a second speech.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
APPEAL; BY THE MAYOR.

Mr. Upson: I would like to ask a question. Is it a fact that an appeal has been made for this employe—l raise the question on principle; I have not seen Mr. Osborne to speak to for two months—is it a fact that an appeal has been made that he Should be allowed to serve ut his unexpired term of ten months, and, if so, has it been refused? • Mr. J. H. Smethurst: I should like to have the privilege of replying to Mr. Upson. The appeal has been through me, so far as regards the re-consideration of the position of Mr. Osborne. The appeal was made by his Worship the Mayor, and his letter was considered this niorning at a special meeting of the Board of Management. But in dealing with the 'matter that has been raised, I would like to say that, three years 'ago I was one who, with others, strongly objected to the idea that a man's private time should be taken up with the services of the Bank. There was an objection from certain sources that Mr. Osborne should not be allowed to take a position as a member of the Town Council, if though he used only his spare time. I fought for the principle at the time, and Mr. Osborne Was allowed to continue in his position at the Bank and to become a member of the Town Council. But there is a right way and a wrong way even in starting a matter like this. One would have thought that he would have asked per- mission to become a member of the Town Council. When we came to the matter of the rearrangement of the duties at the Bank, so far as the question of hours was concerned, it was considered most desirable that the whole of the time of the various members of the staff should be devoted to the interests of tile Baak. It was considered how far .this Bank resembled a Joint Stock Bank. There was not a big difference in the work entailed. Mr. Rymer Young has mentioned that no official of a Joint Stock Bank is allowed to take any part in public matters. We understand that Mr. Osborne is a man of marked ability, but, apart from any question of ability, the managers of the Bank must have the right to manage their own affairs. Mr. Smethurst went on to say that the managers had carefully considered the matter and had concluded that the officials at the Banks should be in the same position as the officials of a Joint Stock Bank. Mr. Osborne was brought into the discussion and he agreed to the terms we suggested as being fit and proper. He was asked right out, and surely Mr. Osborne is able to take care ,of himself and to see that nothing unfair to him is done. There is no desire to drive him from his position on the Town Council. It is simply • this: Mr. Osborne has a position in this Bank which he considers valuable enough to hold on the monetary side, hut the men who have given him the position have the right to see— as representing the depositors who put money into the Bank—that they get full value for that money. It is unfortunate for this reason that Mr. Osborne is unable to continue on the Town Council. With regard to the Mayor's appeal, I brought that appeal before the managing body this morning, and if the speech of the Mayor had not been delivered in the Town Council in the manner that it was, that appeal would have received, as it received this morning, the greatest possible consideration from the Committee of Management. But they have Come to the conclusion, as the Chair- man has said, that they must manage the affairs of the Bank themselves.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. UPSON NOT SATISFIED.

Mr. Upson: I don't know what the pro- cedure is for the moment, but I am not satisfied with the reply that has been given. .I move that the resolution that Mr. Hayward has put before the Board—" that the report be received and adopted "—be not adopted. The Chairman: That is a direct .negative. Mr. Upson: it is more than that I -want to move, that the . report be not received and adopted. , • The Rev. H. Ogden: Mr. Upson is trying to find facilities for dealing .with the matter. Mr. William Roberts: How many times can a man speak on one question?

The Chairman:' The committee does no want to stifle discussion.

The Rev. H. Ogden: It seems very much like it.

Mr. Upson said that his motion was that the report be not received. The Rev. If. Ogden seconded.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCILLOR ROBERTS AND THE COUNCIL ATTACK.

Councillor H. Roberts: I am afraid that the amendment is not in order, because it is a direct negative. There is not a man in this room who would not accept from my friend Mr. Upson the fact that he would not endeavour to influence a meeting of this kind, except from what he believed to be facts and from absolutely conscientious motives. I give him credit for absolute honesty in this matter, as I do in every other 'matter, and I know that he does the same for me; I/think it is neces- sary to say just one or two words. In the first place, reference has been made to the attack made on this Boara at this Town Conn- most improper place for the affairs of

===== 0002601_19151225_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
GOVERMENT AND THRIFT.

Mr. E. Osborne's Suggestions To Encourage Working-Class Savings.

The following letter appeared in the "Manchester Guardian" a few days ago:—

GOVERNMENT AND THRIFT. The Trustee Savings Banks. Sir,—The Government have never giveh the attention to thrift that it deserves, and now that the fact is being emphasised they are likely to go to the other extreme and thrust forward hastily conceived schemes which will tax the general resources of the country un- duly. Regarded from a national point of view, whatever may have been the experience of savings banks in the past, there can be no question as to what is required of them and for them at the present time. On the 26th June I ventured to address a letter to the Chancellor of the Exchesuer ask- ing for an expression of opinion regarding the usefulness of trustee savings banks in the coming thrift campaign, and mentioned that, as there appeared to be some uncertainty among depositors as to what their attitude should be towards the new War Loan, a statement from him would clear the air and at the same time give those of us who are interested in the work a lead in the matter. The enlightening reply was as follows: ' Treasury Chambers, Whitehall, S.W., sth July, 1915. Dear Sir,--I am desired by the Chancellor of the Exchequer to say that His Majesty's Government have no desire to prevent de- positors in the Post Office Savings Bank from transferring their deposits to the War Loan if they wish to do so. It is, however, obvious, since the Government has to find the money to repay the deposits, that such transfers do not increase the available re- sources of the country for carrying on the war. They have, therefore, no desire to encourage or discourage withdrawals.—Yours faithfully, E. Osborne, Esq. H. P. ITsmisrox All through the Government have adopted a policy of "laissez-faire." It will be observed that, as usual, trustee savings banks are not even mentioned. Ordinary depositors in eavings banks are not concerned with buying and selling stocks, and 1 any further scheme for borrowing which is submitted ought not to place any portion of their loan in jeopardy. What concerns them most is that for every stl paid in they will receive £1 back, plus a reasonable rate of in- terest. It should also be recognised that in • many instances they cannot manage to lie out of their money for twenty years and also can- not afford to lose by a forced sale. The present rate of interest allowed to de- positors is 21 per cent., and, the principal, or any portion of it, is payable on demand or a week's notice, according to the amount of the withdrawal. The Treasury is the savings banks' "banker," in strict accordance with the principle laid down in 1861 by Mr. Glad- stone, although so long ago as 1817 the Treasury laud been authorised, to receive savings banks' funds. The Government have, therefore, the I use of the millions deposited with them, for 'which they allow the hank e 21 per cent, in- terest. They cannot be charged with extrava- ,gance in„ that respect. 1 I beg to .submit briefly the following work- able suggestions as applicable to savings , banks : • (1) That, without issuing bonds, it should be possible to adopt a, scheme to encobrage further savings .by giving-• increased interest, fixed according to the period for which money is deposited. (2) That the limit, £5O per annum and £2OO in all, be increased. (3) That the regulation that depositors must have £5O in the ordinary department before they can make deposits in "special investments" be altered and the amount re- duced to £2O. (4) That "war loans" be treated as are "special investments." All the money thus deposited to be invested with the Treasury for that purpose. • (5) That those savings banks which have , not a special investment department be per- mitted to open one for the purposes of sug- gestion (4). (6) That a special "War Loan" bank pass- book be issued. [I have based my suggestions on the fact that savings banks will have to continue their use- fulness long after the war has been brought to a successful issue, and any unnecessary dis- turbing element will react in a manner detri- mental to the interests of thrift.—Yours, &c,, EDMUND OSBORNE. i 22, Bold-street, Warrington, December sth.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
"WISE AND PRACTICAL."

These suggestions have met with wide ap- proval. An who is serving on the cora- -31.P mittee appointed ~ by the Treasuri to consider the scheme for popularising the new loan among the working classes, has written to Mr. Osborne, saying:--

"I was very pleased to hear from you again and have read with interest your letter in the 'Manchester Guardian.' The suggestions con- tained therein appeal to me as being wise and practical, and I will see that they are consid- ered by the committee on which I have been appointed by the Treasury. ' If you have any further suggestions of a similar kind in mind I shall be glad to hear, from you in the patter."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Infectious Disease.

Fresh cases of Infectious diseases were re- ported last week in Warrington as under:— Scarlet fever, 4; diphtheria, 2; • tuberculous phthisis, 8; ophthalmia, 1; erysipelas, 1. There are 123 patients in the Infectious DiseaseS Hos- pital. _

===== 0002601_19151225_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Needlework Guild Gills.

Rev. Percy meson desires, in the name of Bold-street Wesleyan Church, to thank the Needlework Guild for the parcel of goods for the poor sent to him for distribution. Mr. Wm. R. Laws, the Police Court Mis- sioner, and Inspector Wainwright, of the N.S.P.C.C., each acknowledges with thanks a parcel of clothing. Teachers' Salaries.

The Education Committee have approved of a recommendation of the School Management Sub-committee which states: "That the com- mencing salaries of teachers certificated after the , ist January, 1906, who have been college- trained, but have not previously served either as pupil teachers or student teachers, be at the rate of £BO per annum for men and £65 per annum for women ; and that the commit- tee's scale for teachers be amended accord- ingly."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Raddon Court.

An interesting innovation took place on Thursday at this institution, for a competition was held, in which prizes were presented for the best and most tastefully decoratel 'wards, Mrs. Segar Owen and Miss Lucy Broadbent being the judges. Paper flowers and garlands made by the patients added colour to the scene, and a decided feature in one of the wards was a model lake lit by electricity. Another fea- ture was a room decorated in red, white and blue, whilst another had over each bed regi- mental badges cut in paper. The patients, exhibiting wonderful skill, made the judging no easy matter. -

At liaddon Court, a few days ago, there took place a draw for a splendid model yacht, pre- sented by a lady whose son is at present serving in the Navy. The fortunate prize-winner was Miss Whitta- ker, and at the close Mrs. Booth, who had charge of the arrangements, handed a cheque for .C 8 Us. 9d. being the proceeds to Miss Broadbent.

A draw which took place at Raddon Court Hospital on Wednesday for two pieces of work done by Miss Amy Grounds, resulted in Mrs. Porter and Mr. Wood, both of Latchford, win- ning. The proceeds were spent in providing a large Christmas cake for the barracks and other presents.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ToralYnttlligna

===== 0002601_19151225_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
British Columbia.

On Wednesday the offices of the Agent-General for British Columbia were transferred to British Columbia House, 1 and 3, Regent-street, London.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
A Countess.

The Earl of Roden died suddenly on Saturday at Tulymore Park, County Down. Viscount Jocelyn, who was born in 1883, and succeeds to ,the title, married in 1905 the second daughter of Mr. J. C. Parr, of Grappenhall Heyes.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Causes bi Death.

Last week there were 22 deaths in Warring- ton (against 20 in the corresponding week last year) from the following causes :—Scarlet fever, 1; phthisis, 1; cancer, 3; bronchitis, 1; pneu- monia, 3; premature birth, 1; accidents, 1; all other causes, 11.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Pound Day.

"Pound Day" s;iii-i;e-he-fd at the Thelwal He Military Convalescent Hospital on Thuig- day next, from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Groceries will be gratefully received, but money is specially needed to provide cigarettes and tobacco for the wounded men.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
Workers Help For War Funds.

The employes in Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and Co.'s Pattern Shop have subscribed £l4 is. to the various War Funds—including the Prince of Wales' Fund, the Warrington Local Fund, the Serbian Fund, and the Warrington Prisoners in Germany Fund. The collections have been made every Saturday by Mr. Sam Gaskill.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Forthcoming Whist Drives.

A whist drive and dance will be held at the John Crosfield Memorial Hall on Thursday, January 13th, under the patronage of the Mayor and Mayoress. The proceeds will be devoted to the Liberal Women's Sewing Club. _

A whist drive and dance will also be held at the Parr Hall (by kind permission of the Mayor), on Thursday, January 27th, on behalf of the Thelwall Heys Military Convalescent Hospital.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Prisoners of War.

The good work of dispatching parcels to the prisoners of war of the South Lancashire Regi- ment is still being continued at the Parr Hall. The need for subscriptions to carry on a valu- able but expensive work is still great. Amongst the items acknowledged in another column of to-day's issue are the proceeds of a gramophone concert organised in Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and Co.'s Works, through the kindness of Mr. Roberts and Mr. Bodle, and the proceeds of a raffle of a doll, organised by Miss Dorothy Tyrer, a young lady in Stockton Heath.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Overcrowded Schools.

At a recent meeting of the School Attend- ance Sub-committee of the Education Com- mittee a, letter was read from the Board of Education with reference to the overcrowding of certain schools, and instructions were given to the Director as to the reply to be sent thereto. It was resolved that the consideration of the provision of temporary premises to re- lieve the overcrowding should be referred to the Sites and Buildings Committee. This committee has decided to leave the matter in the hands of the Chairman and the Director for investigation and report.

Christmas Services at Golborne-street.

On Sunday, at the Golborne-street Baptist Church, Christmas and carol services were held. At the morning service the hymns were " Christians, Awake," "While Shepherds Watched Their Flocks" and "Hark the Herald Angels Sing," In the afternoon a carol service was held in the schoolroom, when a most interesting address was given to the chil- dren by Mrs. Elliott. Selections from "The Messiah" were rendered by well-known local singers at the evening service. The soprano selections were ably sung by Miss Olive Dale, and Miss Maud Jones was a. very capable con- tralto. Mr. A. Pearce was the bass singer, and Mr. J. H. Markham, who was in kildier's uniform, rendered the tenor solos.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
A Belgian Lecturer.

Under the auspices of St. Benedict's T.T.M.S. an illustrated lecture will be given in the Hip- podrome (by kind permission of Mr. Frank Macnaghten), entitled "The Holy Land and Egypt," by the Right Rev. Abbot Janssens, 0.5.8. (a distinguished Belgian), on Sunday. The proceeds will be in aid of St. Benedict's. The lecturer has frequently travelled in the Holy Land and the Near East, and is fully con- versant with the country. The slides are from his own photographs. At the present time, when the Holy Land is in the hands of the Turks, whose forces are mobilised in Jerusalem and in the provinces, "where Jesus Christ constantly teached," the lecture should be interesting and instructive.

At the Education Committee Meeting. The members present at the meeting of the Education Committee on Monday even- ing were Councillor Henry Roberts (presiding), Mr. A. J. Jolley (deputy-chair- man), the Mayor (Alderman Peter Peacock), Alderman Bennett, Alderman John Evans, Alderman Smethurst, Councillor J. T. Locker, , Councillor Lindley, councillor Dickenson, Councillor Wilkinson, Mrs. C. Jackson Holmes, Mr. E. Plinston, Mr. J. Upson, Mr. W. E. Clegg, Mr. R. T. Fairclough, and the Rev. T. A. Hind. Mr. J. Moore Murray (the Director of Education) was also present.—The Chairman gave Mr. Clegg a cordial welcome, saying that he was certain Mr. Clegg would find the work of the committee extremely interesting, while the committee would have the benefit of his experience and advice.—Mr. A. J. Jolley, in submitting the minutes of the Finance Com- mit See, welcomed Alderman John Bvans back as 6, member.—Mr. E. Plinston, proposing, the adoption of the minutes of the School Attend- anCe Committee, expressed the hope that the Rev. Father Hind (who succeeds the Rev. Father Wilson on that sub-committee) would be able to give them the same amount of use- ful work as his predecessor.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
R.A.0.8., G.L.E.

On Thursday last week, at the Blue Bell Hotel, the headquarters of the Warrington and District Province R.A.O. Buffaloes, the instal- lation of the Prov. G.P. for 1916 took place, Bro. J. E. Jackson, K.0.M., being the popular re- cipient of the honour. The ceremony was capably carried out by the retiring Prey. G.P., Bro. T. Davies, R. 0.11. The new P.G.P., after thanking the brethren, proceeded to the election of Deputy P.G.P. A good fight (five being pro- posed), ended in the success of Bro. James Waldron, K.O.M. The election of Prov. El. See- was then taken, and Bro. T. P. Allen, C.P., who unanimously re-elected. The election of .minor officers had to be left over to the next meeting night in January, 1916. There was a good at- tendance of brethren from the Minor Lodges.

- Wedding at Legh-street. The wedding of Miss Lily Parkes, the daugh- ter 'of Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Parkes, of 264, Lovely-lane. Warrington, and Mr. Walter Dennett, the son of • Mrs. M.- E. Dennett and the late Mr. John, James Dennett, of Howley, was solemnised at the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Legh-street, on Saturday. The bride, who was given away by her father, was charm- ingly attired in cream eolienne and wore a cream velvet hat. She carried a sheaf of lilies. Her bridesmaids were Miss Nellie Wil- liams and Miss E. Parkes, who wore Pale blue voile dresses and black hats. Their bouquets were of chrysanthemums and smilax. The best man was. Private Stanley Parkes, of the 22nd King's (Liverpool) Regiment. The service was choral and was conducted by the Rev. A. J. Messina (pastor). Mr. A. Banner Was at the organ and during the service he played a number of voluntaries and Mendelssohn's Wedding March. A reception was held at the home of the bride, where a pleasant evening was spent, songs being rendered and games played. The health of the bride and bridegroom was pro- posed by the uncle of the bridegroom (Mr. Walter Bennett) and supported by the father of the bride (Mr. W. H. Parkes). The bride- groom responded. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Dennett have received nuiny valuable presents, including a cruet from the Dalton Bank Pitting Shop of' Messrs. llylazids Bros., Ltd., and a cake dish from the Freezer Department of Messrs. Peter Walker and Son. Ltd. Mr. William Dennett (the brother of the hridNroom) has been serving at the Front during the greater portion of this year.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
0- , • W

===== 0002601_19151225_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- -

I

===== 0002601_19151225_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,, 6ATURDA , DECEMBER 25, 1915.

WARRINGTON RECRUITING FIGURES PLEA FOR SINGLE MEN.

Mr. Thomas Asks That They Should Be Given Fair Play.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
SPLENDID RESULT OF THE CANVASS IN THE DERBY CAMPAIGN.

A final meeting of the Warrington Paella- amentary Recruiting Committee was held at the .Recruiting Office, Horsemarket-street, on Wcgi- -nesday. His Worship the Mayor (Alderman . Peter Peacock) presided, and there were also _present Messrs. C. E. Parker, J. T. Locker, Edwin Bradshaw, 0. H. Smith, W. Bradbury, -James Ball and the Hon. Secretaries (Messrs. E. A. Sanders and H. Hayes). _ _ _

The Hon. Secretaries Presented the following report upon the canvass of the town and its results:—

FULL REPORT AND ANALYSIS.

We give .-below, a return of the canvass 'of. eligible (unstarred) men in Lord Derby's scheme:— Single Married .Number of blue and white cards re- ceived from the Sub-Area Com- mander 3170 536 •

Analysis of canvass on above cards: ,(1) Men enlisted for immediate ser- vice . 74 47 ;(2) Men attested under Army Reserve B (Group) {3) Men who • definitely promised

to enli:st for immediate service {4) Men who definitely promised • to attest under Army Reserve p (Group)

Total enlisted and promises 847 1162 (5) Rejected, and in possession of . Certificate (6) Unfit, and not in possession . of Certificate (7) Men on War Work, Munitions, Collieries, Railways, &c. (s) Government Employees, Post . Office, Civil and Police (not in- cluded in above Nos. 1.2, 3 and 4 (9). Foreigners

(16) Dead- . 6 2 (11) Removals out of Constituency. 40 3:i (12) Refused permission by . Employers (13) Men who have declined to enlist: (a) Declined, but willing .if . • certain conditions were com- plied with - 178 295 (b) No adequate reason for de- clining , Evasions, unsatisfactory answers,. . Sze. . . 330 524

2288 3076 3076 .

Total canvassed

.5364

From the above it will be seen that 5,364 eligible unstarred men, including 113 from Latchford Without, Were dealt..with. It will be seen that no less than 1,234 (570 .14ingle and 664 married) were directly recruited by canvass, and sent or taken down to the Recruiting Offices, and from the 'returns made out by the Reuniting Officer, the whole of the 'definite promises, numbering,'ss. (277 single and 498 married) must have kept faith with the can- vassers. The number of medically unfits, rejects, war workers (since the starring was effected), ,foreigners, ttc., who have passed through the 'canvassers' hands total 1,533 (777 single and 776 married). Add this number to the two pre- vious totals and you hare a total of 3,562 (1,624 single and 1,938 ,married) accounted for under the scheme.

Many of the men under item 13, 664 single and 1,138 married, who at first refused to listen to the arguments of the canvassers, have since, we are glad to say, reconsidered the question, and have attested under the scheme. This. informa- tion has been given to m; by the kindness of Lieutenant-Colonel D. E. MOceatta, the Recruit- ing ()laver, who informed the two hon. secre- taries that quite 3,000 unstarred men had enrolled..

If, therefore, you take the medically unfits 1,553 and the 3,000, making a total of 4,553 from 5,364 unstarred men, there are left in Warring- ton only 811 unstarred men who decline to come in for various causes,

Many of these men have business and family reasons, but do not feel .inclined "to run the risk" of trusting their reasons to the Tribunals set up. Want Compulsion.

One feature of the camraign has been the 13nmber (comparatively small) of men who positively decline to come in under any circum- stances, and a special report as to these has been sent up to headquarters at the request of the Parliamentary Recruiting Committee. The majority, definitely 'state they are in favour of conscription, and will only go when -compelled. The following is the table:— Single Men., Age. Married Men. .Group 1. 17 18 Group 24. 0

Charles Plinston, T. U. Garside, T. Hemsley, and Mrs. Granville, for their excellent ad- dresses at the open-air meetings.

(8) The proprietors of the various places oi amusement, who kindly placed our slides on the. screens, and allowed our speakers to give short addresses.

(9) Ladies and gentlemen who lent motor cars, and who in many cases drove title cars themselves, in spite of the inclement weather. (10) Magistrates, who attended regularly at the Recruiting Offices and Schools. (11) The Press, which contributed greatly to the success of the Scheme, and obliged us on every occasion.

(12) To Mr. Robert Garnett, who attended daily and late in the evenings, and whose help I was invaluable in assisting us to compile the, second half of the statistical returns to head- quarters, and to Messrs. G. H. SmitF, P. H. Brown, Henry Houghton and John Hesketh. , (13) The hon. clerical workers at 3, Horse- market-street, who have helped continually. (14) The Baths Manager and his staff for their untiring efforts to make everyone comfortable. (15) The doctors, who did not mind taking more than their share of the burden when the rush of recruits was great. (16) In conclusion, last, but not least, to be thanked are the canvassers. It is impossible to over-estimate the work got through by them, and it is certainly impossible for the members of the committee to find words to express their thanks. A number of the canvassers were not satisfied with the work they had 'done, but con- tinued to show their interest by helping, the staff at headquarters in compiling the analysis of the canvass. This gallant band of men and women who undertook this great work for the nation, and whose numbers might reasonably have been expected to have been larger, can at least feel they have done their bit in this tre- mendous effort to preserve for the nation the voluntary system.

GOD SAVE THE KING.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD DERBY'S THANKS.

A Sacrifice For Which. Success Gives Ample Reward.

The following letter, received from Lord Derby, was read:— _

War Office, Dec. 15, 1915.

Dear Sir,—l have the honour to forward you a resolution which was unanimously passed at a joint committee meeting of the Parliamentary Recruiting Committee and the Labour Recruit- ing Committee.

I would ask you to allow me to supplement the resolution with a few words of personal thanks. It is impossible for me to write, as I could have wished to do, to every canvasser and worker throughout the United Kingdom, but I would ask your committee to allow me. through you, to tender to one and all my most grateful thanks for the assistance they have given to my scheme of recruiting. I know what sacrifice of time and convenience all have made, but I hope that the result of the canvass will prove a suffi- cient reward to them for their patriotic efforts. Yours sincerely, DERBY.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
[COPY.)

Parliamentary Recruiting Committee and Joint Labour Recruiting Committee, December 14, 191:). Resolved:—

"That the best thanks of the Parliamentary Recruiting Committee and the Joint Labour Re- cruiting Committee be tendered to the Local Recruiting Committees for their loyal and de- voted co-operation. They fully appreciate the burden of work that has .been performed by the Recruiting Committees, the essential part that they have 'played in the scheme, and the patriot- ism they have shown. The Central Committee wish therefore to place on record their recogni- tion of the service thus rendered to the.gmpire."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HONORARY SECRETARIES.

A special vote of thanks was unanimously car- ried to the hon. secretaries (Messrs. Sanders and Hayes) for the arduous work they have per- formed during the last seven weeks.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
APPEALS.

The committee desire to draw the attention of those in the borough of 'Warrington who have attested, and wish to appeal, to the following.:— The Proclamation calling up Groups 2,3, 4, and 5, points out that if any recruits do not receive directions within 30 days Where and when to report themselves, and if they have changed their address since the date of their attestation, they should report by letter to the Recruiting Officer at the Recruiting Office where they were attested, or to the Office, the address of which is entered on their card, Army Form W 3194. The necessary directions as to joining will then be given. • Recruits affected are to present themselves for service on January O. Each man will have a notice paper, informing him as to the date, time and place at which he is to report himself. Fourteen days' notice will be given. If no noti.!e is received, 'however, the Proclamation is aufil- cient notice.

Claims to be placed in a later group have to be submitted to the Clerk to the Tribunal, Mr. A. T. Hallaway, Deputy Town Clerk, and Claim Forms must be obtained from him and filled in and returned within ten days from the date of the Proclamation, that is, on or before the 30th December.

The claims may be made by a man on grounds personal to himself, or (with the consent of the man) by his employer, on the ground that the man is indispensable to his civil employment.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
HELPERS' WANTED.

We understand that there is still a certain amount of work to be done at the Offices of the Parliamentary Recruiting Committee at 3, HorSemarket-street, and the local• secretaries would be glad of voluntary helpers.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HURAL LOCAL TRIBUNAL.

We understand that the Military Authorities have appointed Mr. W. Furness ' honorary recruiting • officer—to . represent them on the above Tribunal—the Rural District including the following townships:—

Burtonwood, Cuerdley, Sankey, Houghton, MAdieton and Arbury, Penketh, Poulton-with-Fearnhead. RiNton-with-Glazebrook, Southworth-with-Croft, Woolston-wth-lfartinseroft.

The Tribunal will fix their meetings to be held at Beu-sey Chambers, where notices of appeal. will be received by Mr. E. J. Sutton, clerk of the Tribunal.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
KII;KI ARMLETS.

Distritmlion (:onthminti At The Dri

Hall.

The distribution of the khaki armlets to the men who have, attested under Lord Derby's scheme commenced last week-end, and already the armlets are fairly conspicuous about the town. The distribution will be continued next Wednesday and Thursday from 3to 9 p.m. The groups for Wednesday are Nos. 14, 15, 16, 17 and 18, and on Thursday they are Nos. 19, 20, 21, 22 and 23.

Last week-end Groups 2,3, 4 and 5 were warned that they would be called up in January. The reason given for this step was to enable the tribunals to get to work, and it already seems that these bodies will have their hands full, for close on 100 applications for exemption from military service have been made by men in these four groups during the past week.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
98 who decline until

Single

covipelled.

Married

The result of the canvass justifies the state- ment that no man need say he has not had a reasonable and fair chance of serving his country under the voluntary system. Every house has either been visited (some several. times) or an appeal has been sent to him to at- tend private meetings. Two or three meetings have been held in every ward. 36 Meetings have been held. in - the open. Bands have played through the principal. streets almost every even- ing- Appeals have been made through the Press and on the walls. Thousands of leaflets have been -distributed. Over 2,000 visits have been made to headquarters for the purpose of obtaining information and seeking advice, which has been freely given. Schools in various contres:have been opened, and, magistrates have *been in attendance for the convenience, 'a those who could not conveniently go.to the -Recruiting Offices.

Thanks to Workers and Helpers.

Another feature of the campaign has been the ,opening of the Baths for recruiting purposes, through the kindness of the Arayor and Cor- poration. The committee's thanks are due to the following:—

(1) Mayor and Corporation, for the rooms at Horsemarket-street, and for fnrnishing, ite.

(2) The Deputy Town Clerk. lfr. A. T. Tralia-' way, for his kind co-operation in an advisory manner, and his help in many ways. (3)- The Director of Education, Mr. J. Moore Murray, and his excellent staff for the great -assistance they gave in the carrying out of the arrangements at the Baths.

(4) The Borough Surveyor, Mr. A. M. Ker, and Ids staff, and the Electricity Committee, in fit- ting up 3, Horsemarket-street.

(5) Colonel 111oggridge, for his kindness in placing at our disposal the Regimental Band on many occasions. (6) Captain Mathams, for a similar kindness, and in granting Us the services of the Terri- torials for clerical and other work.

• (7) Captain Mathains. Captain Palmlough isince returned to the Front.), Alderman Ben- vitt, and Messrs. W. Mason, E. Wynne Jones,.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
"A MEAN, WICKED LIBEL."

An important speech was delivered by Mr. J. H. Thomas, the Labour M.P. for Derby, at a gathering of the National Union of Railway- men, held at the Co-operative Hall, Warring- ton, on Sunday afternoon. The Mayor Alderman Peter Peacock) pre- sided over a large audience.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
A SORT OF EVIL. GENIUS.

Mr. Thomas said that to-day, he was looked upon as a sort of evil genius, but he thought that as people looked at him they would not , think that he was as harmful as they had been led to believe. (Laughter.) Last Saturday, (December 11th), was the con- cluding day of what was known as Lord. Derby!s scheme. The object of that scheme was to enable the Government to have a regular sufficiency of men and to enable the Govern- ment to know exactly what the people of the country were prepared to do. He was going to submit that whatever the result # of the scheme might be, the first thing it had proved was that the overwhelming mass of the people of this country were prepared to make sacrifices order to bring the war to a successful con- clusion. (Applause.) Secondly, he was going to claim that it was an absolute vindication of all. that they claimed for the voluntary sacrifice of the men and women of this country. (A Voice: " Question ?") . Well, continued Mr. Thomas, I am going to get to close quarters at once. (The same Voice: "Hear, hear.") " I am going to submit that in addition,_ to the claim I have made it is a justification and a tribnte to the manner in which the Labour forces of this country have rallied to the suppcirt of the country. (Hear, hear.) In this connection I have no hesitation in saying that no small credit is due to the man- ner in which Lord Derby has worked. He is a !convinced supporter of what is called national service and I, of course, disagree with him, but , it is due to him, and I should be wanting in my duty if I did not say it, to say that he has I worked wholeheartedly, devotedly, and without ! prejudice in order to make the voluntary system an absolute succeas:,:, (Hear; hear.) Keeping these points in Mind. I want to remind von that in connection with this scheme, the Prime Minister made a speech on November 2nd. In that speech .he clearly! indicated that, although he himself was in favour of the volun- tary system—although he believed that volun- taryism would meet every requirement of the Government—yet he did not hesitate to say that he would be prepared under certain cireurn- stances to introduce some other system. And he implied that under certain circumstances he would make the first class on what were called single men. I think lam justified saying that one .of the Primary conditions that he attached to that pledge, was the absolute and essential necessity of maintaining the unity of the nation. !

===== 0002601_19151225_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PdEMIER AND HIS PLEDGE.

What after all we really mean by single men? I think a fair interpretation of the speech was that the burden of the war, the responsi- bility of fighting, should be borne by those with least home responsibility. I think that is a fair and just interpretation of the meaning of the claim for single men. I am going to be quite frank and say that the pledge having been given, hundreds of , thousands of married men have attested on the understanding that the pledge would be fulfilled. I think I should hr. wanting in my duty and indeed praying with the facts, if I did not boldly arid, frankly admit that position. Having admitted that position I regret to see that on Saturday the public were told that—notwithstanding the pledge having been made—forty Members of Parliament, my- self included, waited upon the Prime Minister in order to peisuade him to break the pl&lge that he had made. I say to you, on behalf ,of myself, 'and I believe on behalf of every mem- ber of that deputation, that such a suggestion is a mean, wicked libel on every one of us. (Ap- plause.) But there is something far more im- portant behind the suggestion. There is some- thing behind the spenes in this matter, for what does it really mean? The suggestion meant that the Prime Minister of the country was so unstable that his word could not he relied upon. I say without fear of contradiction that there is a grave responsibility attached to any section of the Press or public who dares to make such a suggestion. What effect must it have on the foreign and neutral nations? At this stage another interruption occurred at , the back of the hall. and Mr. Thomas warned

the interrupter that if be interfered again he would be asked to leave the meeting.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ATTEMPT TO DISCREDIT THE PRIME MINISTER.

continuing, Mr. Thomas said, I want to sub- mit that this suggestion is one more attempt to discredit the Prime Minister. It is a back door method of implying that he cannot be, trusted. It is one more attempt to cause dis- unity in this country. I say on oehalf of the working classes, on behalf of the men who are giving their life's blood, on behalf of the women who are giving their sons, that I am going to fight against any methods that are going to break up the nation at such a time as this. (Loud applause.) Don't get behind this fent men, that behind this movement are the people who want conscription, not for the purpose of winning this war, but for (the remainder of the sentence was lost in a great outburst of applause.) Not because voluntaryism has failed —because it has not—but because they want to establish in this country'militarism and all that it means. I have striven and fought for unity because I am satisfied that we cannot fight each other-and fight the common enemy at the same time; because Irealise that the issues involvei in this war are So fundamental, so far-reaching, so vital to the .future of liberty and progress that I want to see us bring this war to a suc- cessful conclusion as a united people. If one took notice of all the slander and gossip that one heard, one could make some interesting and lively speeches in Parliament. But the one test that I always applied was " Would it heln to wage the war successfully, and what would be the effect on the brave men fighting in the trenches?" That should be the test for every public man to-day. I have refrained from taking any course that is likely to div4,l' •! People and to encourage the enemy. But if these people think that they are going ,to stampede the position; if they think that they are going to exploit the patriotism of the people in this way, then let me assure them that they are going to stet a rude shock. (Applause.) For T at least will be prepared to take my stand and lead the workers against them. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19151225_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
JUSTICE FOR THE SINGLE MEN.

The pledge having been given to the married men, must certainly be carried out. But if justice and fair play is to be given to the married men, is not justice and fair play to be given to the single men ?e In other words, why create any barrier of class, or of anything else? I say emphatically that before you have the right to call any man a " slacker" or a "coward," you are morally bound to prove your case. (Loud applause.) Therefore let me apply the test. Is the man who has got a widowed mother and who feels a moral obliga- tion to do justice to her, a coward? (Cries of "No.") Is the man who has younger brothers and sisters and who has lost his father and mother a slacker? (Cries, of "No.") Then let us consider this question in its true light. Are the men in " starred " trades, who have said to themselves that they are doing better work by making munitions instead of going to fight to be branded as cowards and slackers? (" No.") I know one railway company that did not allow a solitary man to attest. Are these men to be condemned? (" No.") All these things I put to you to show that when we con- sider these things we have got to consider them free-from passion and free from prejudice. All these things go to prove the claptrap that is used on this subject. I say fearlessly that every call that has yet been made has been responded to. I believe that every call that will be made will be equally responded to.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
ARTIFICIAL PROSPERITY.

Speaking,' on the railway situation, Mr. Thomas said that the difficulty to-day was to get people .to realise that the period in which

Continued in next column,

was born January 27th, 1892, at -Florence, I Massachusetts, US., and came to England with his parents in .March, 1901. He was 23 years of age last January, had , just finished his College education, and was making arrangements for a situation, when, the war began. Having had three years' training in the Officers' Training Corps, like so many of his fellow-students he immediately applied for a commission and was gazetted Second Lieutenant to the Essex Regiment in October, 1914, and went into training immediately. He. was gaietted Lieutenant in January last and went out in Charge of a draft from Southamp- ton on Whit-Sunday. Immediately upon land- ing upon the Gallipoli Peninsula he was rushed up to the Front'and .was continually in the firing-line until August 6th, when he was killed, gallantly leading his men against the Turkish trenches.

- Lieutenant Bunting was a tennis player, a very strong swimmer, a good boxer, a very strong chess player, and a motor cyclist.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
ON HONOUR'S SCROLL.

WOUNDED.

RIFLEMAN H. NURSE.

Shrapnel Wound In The Side, But Progressing Favourably.

Mr. and Mrs. Nurse, who reside at 165, Bew- sey-road, received news on Sunday, through the medium of a field postcard, to the effect that one of their three soldier-sons, viz., Rifleman Harry Nurse, of the King's Royal Rifles, had been wounded with shrapnel in his left side. Later, writing from the 11th General Hospital, Rifleman Nurse assured his parents that the wound was only a slight one, and that they were not to worry. He added `,` I am really in abed."

Rifleman Nurse, who is 25 yeais of age, was educated at the Silver-street, School, and was formerly employed by Messrs. Jos. Crosfield and Sons Ltd. He enlisted in February, and has been at the Front since June. He is a noted baritone singer. Both his other brothers are

RIFLEMAN‘HARRY NURSE.

Wounded.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
in the same regiment as himself, one being at the Front and another in training.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRITORIAL WIVES.

Recognition Of Efforts To Provide

Comforts For Battalion.

PR.USEWORTHY RECORD.

A very, enjoyable evening was spent at the Officers' Quarters in the Warrington Drill Hall on Tuesday evening, when the wives of the non- commissioned officers and men were entertained by the wives of the officers as some slight recog- nition of the splendid services they have ren- dered in attending every week to assist in pro- viding various comforts which have been sent either to the 1/4th South Lancs. Battalion,now at the Front, or for the many men in the reserve forces still in this country. The draw took place for the 15 prizes, which had been given by the members of the com- mittee. A list of the numbers of the winners will be found elsewhere.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW 3,000 MEN HAVE BEEN REMEM- BERED.

Mr. J. H. Smethurst, who presided, stated that as hon. treasurer, he was pleased to inform them that by various methods it had been pos- sible to send a reminder of 'Christmas to all the men connected with the 4th South Lancs. Regiment. As last year, a special box of cigarettes had gone to every man at the Front, together with a supply of tobacco. The committee had done something for nearly 3,000 men, and this had been rendered possible by the following methods:—

Z S. d.

Subscriptions (including £25 from the President, Mrs. Hall Walker) 82 5 3 Proceeds of Draw 34 17 5 Proceeds of Dance in Drill Hall Proceeds of Concert at Stockton Heath, arranged by' Mrs. H. G. Robers There would be a considerable surplus to pro- vide materials for the work in the New Year. He spoke most highly of the interest takemnin the cause they all had so much at heart, by the wives of. the officers. . Mr. H. Roberts, on behalf of the committee, thanked the women for their interest and ex- pressed the earnest wish that very early in the New Year the war might be brought to a suc- cessful issue, and that the men might return safe and sound.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLDIER-TEACHERS.

Thanks For Education Committee All 4

Mr. J. M. Murray. The patriotic response of the Warrington teachers to the call of their country was again referred to at a meeting of the Warrington Education Committee on Monday evening. The Director of Education (Mr. J. M. Murray) read a letter from Mr. F. H. Longshaw, honorary secretary of the Warrington and District Teachers' Association, informing him that the association had, at a meeting on the 4th inst., passed the following resolution : "That this meeting of the Warrington Teachers' AssociatiOn expresses its thankful. nods for the kind appreciation shown by the lEducation Committee of the response made by local teachers to the country's call,, and also desires especially to thank the Director for the arrangements he made for the medical ex- amination and attestation of teachers."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Belgians in Belgium.

As we have on several occas-ions stated there is to be an Envelope Collection in Warrington and the surrounding districts at the invitation of the Mayor on Christmas Day on behalf of those who are destitute in Belgium.. The col- lection is entirely an undenominational affair as the composition of the committee in charge of the arrangements will show. This com;. mittee consists of the Rector, chairman; the Rev. H. Ogden, representing the Free Churches; the Rev. Father Tallon and Mr. H. Collin, joint treasurers; Mr. C. E. Parker and Mr. A. Tilling, joint secretaries. It is asked that collectors will keep strictly to the streets allotted to them and so prevent the possibility of any overlapping in the mat- ter of calls.

• All envelopes are to be delivered unopened at the Town Hall between 7 o'clock and 8.30 on Tuesday, the 30th inst.

CINEMACIEL.

Black inn night of November. The atmosphere stifled.

Starless, and still Save for the petulant sob of a car on the high- way .

Cresting the hill.

Turretted towers and dark domes in solemnity splendid Loom like the sky. Blackness envelops this way where we wantonly wended; _ _

Nothing is nigh.

Flickers; a flash; then broad light, the foul pitchiness piercing— Regions untrod. Hail, rigid ray! 'Tie the eye of a purified England Shining to God. Garrisontown, J.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• _

===== 0002601_19151225_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
„--ir ” . *le \Sh. 4. 4-•\

===== 0002601_19151225_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Nt)p(a.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
- " 1411Pri I 14t: ;

I

===== 0002601_19151225_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
HIS COLONEL'S PRAISE. Could Not Pay His Memory Any Higher

Tribute.

The Colonel Commanding the late Lieutenant Bunting's regiment writing, to his home, says: Dear Sir,—l have taken your address from

the receipt for a registered Packet I found in Mr. R. R. Bunting's pack. As I could find no other clue to any relation, I will write to you, and I don't even know whether you are a brother .or perhaps his father. I have made it a rule to write personally to relations of offi- cers who are killed in action, and I am sure you will understand how .difficult it is, some- times, to express one's feelings. As for the story of how Lieutenant Bunting died, it is easy to tell. He. died, as so many have, .v.ry bravely leading his platoon. .I cannot pay his ,memory any higher compliment.. Personally, he always seemed to me to do his work very quietly, but very efficiently, and I had a great opinion of him. . .

===== 0002601_19151225_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Men Liked and Fotlowed Him.

"His men liked him, as was evidenced by the way they followed him; the longer I serve, the more am I impressed by the fact that soldiers will not follow (as his men did) an officer they do not like and respect. His body was brought in and taken to a Nullab called 'Y Nullah,' and then buried yesterday (Saturday, 7th). A cross, similar to those marking the graves of all Essex officers, .marks the grave, and the _ _ _ _

burial service was read by a chaplain. I am only sorry I was unable to attend, but the regiment was still in the trenches. His. watch, notebook, revolver (and a Colt automatic pistol he picked up) and one or two small articles are being sent home, together with his valise. Any letters that come I will also return. Par- cels containing consumable articles I have usually given to the men of the officers' platoon. In conclusion, will you please accept and convey to his nearest relations my sincerest sympathy in your and their loss."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
A TERRIBLE POSITION.

A friend, writing to Mr. Bunting, says that in a general advance Lieutenant Bunting's regiment carried the trenches they were sent to take, but the battalions on either side failed. In consequence the Turks, when morning came, were able to enfilade the regiment from both ends. "It must have been a terrible time,' says the letter. "The O.C. says he never wishes for better officers and spoke very highly of Russel."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GENERAL'S PRAISE.

Sir lan Hamilton congratulated the division upon the splendid attack ": which more than upheld the best traditions of the distinguished regiments of which. it was composed.. . • Through the entanglements they swept. north- ward, clearing our left of the enemy for a full thousand yards. Heavily counter-attacked at night, they killed or captured every Turk who had penetrated their incomplete defences and to-day stand possessed of every yard they had so hardly gained?'

===== 0002601_19151225_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
A SUCCESSFUL STUDENT.

Lieutenant Bunting was one of the most suc- cessful pupils the Secondary School has had; In 1912 he obtained his Intermediate B.Sc., London University, and, in 1913 he graduated B.Sc. with Honours in Physics. He is the third "old boy" of the school to lay down his life for his country—the other two being Victor IL Fletcher, of the 4th Soteth Lancashire Regiment. and Harold Fryer, of the King's Own Scottish Borderers.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEA FOR SINGLE MEN.—Continued.

they lived was abnormal. lio believed that at the first sign of peace there would .be a dislo- cation of trade and industry. The prosperity of to-day was only artificial, and when the war was over and the drums ceased to beat, there would be real ,problems in front of labour. There would be hundreds of railway men coming back who were only partially in- capacitated, and it must be seen that these men, who would be drawing a pension, should not be used to keep down wages, in other words, their pension had to .be independent of their employment. Many railwaymen were anxious as to what was going to happen to the bonus. (Laughter.) They knew as an absolute certainty that if it suddenly came off something else would hap- pen suddenly. (Applause.) ,COncluding, Mr. ' Thomas spoke of the necessity of railwaythen organising and asked that non-unionists should join the N.U.R. He was accorded a vote of thanks for his speech, and the Mayor was alma thanked for presiding.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19151225_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
•

7 _

CHILD WAR VICTIMS.

Presents For Them From Town Officers And Teachers.

The municipal officers—including the teachers in the Warrington schools—are responsible for a very pleasing little incident that is taking place to-day. Carefully chosen presents are being given to children under 14 years of age whose fathers (or elder brothers, if they were the sole support of the family) have been killed in the war.

• The donors thought that in this little way they could show, in some measure at least, their appreciation of the patriotism and self-sacrific, of those of their fellow-townsmen who have given their lives for their country.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTEER ORDERS.

SOUTH-WEST LANCASHIRE REGT. (VOLUNTEZR).

'Warrington Company.

Headquarters, Drill Hall. ORDERS FOR WEEK ENDING JAN. Ist,

By W. PETER RYLANDS, Commandant. Parades. , Tuesday and Thursday, 8 p.m.

Musketry. Team Practice, December 25th, 10.30 a.m., Municipal Rifle Range. Class Firing and Team Practice. Wednesday, December 29th, 7.30 p.m., Drill Hall, 2nd Round Mackworth Fraed Challenge Bowl. Saturday, January Ist, 2.30 p.m., Municipal Rifle Range.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
ARMY CLASS B RESERVES.

Parades. No. 1 and 2 Squads. Tuesday and Thurs- day, 8 p.m.; Saturday, 3 p.m.

MEMORANDA.

1. Derby Recruits.—A few more men required to complete No. 2 Squad. Applicants in- vited to attend drill nights. 2. The C. 0., whilst thanking the members of the Corp:: for their interest and attendance at drill, wishes to impress upon them that in order to carry out several important inter-company manceuvres in the near future, and also to con- form to Paragraph 55 Official Regulations, a more regular attendance by some of the mem- bers is necessary.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRITORIAL CONCERT.

Third-41h And Third-sth South Lanea- shires Entertain Comrades.

Members of the 3/ 4th Battalion, South Lanca- shire Regiment (Warrington Territorials) in conjunction with the 3/sth (Rifle) Battalion (St. Helens Territorials), stationed in North-West Lancashire, gave a highly enjoyable concert for the benefit of their comrades on Monday even- ing, in the C.E.T.S. Recreation Room, Redman's Cafe. The entertainment was well-attended, and the " Tommies " were evidently delighted with the efforts" of the artistes. The command- ing officers of both battalions (Major F. R. Monks, of the 3/4th, and Major L. Lackland of the 3/sth), accompanied by other officers, were present. • The Arst item was the song "Coo, sing to me;" by Rifleman Foster, a promising young vocalist, who was loudly applauded. Rifleman Foster apparently judged the taste of• his audience well, for his other songs, "The magic of your smile " and "Sunshine of your smile •'" met with equal success. Sergeant R. F. Ander- ton and Lance-Corporal A. Bailey gave a..very sympathetic and harmonious rendering of "The moon hath raised her lamp." Sergeant Ander- ton also contributed "Sons of the Motherland" in rousing style, while Lance-Corporal Bailey entered splendidly into the spirit of "The trumpeter." These two artistes, together with Sergeant Thomson and Lance-Corporal E. Spruce, combined admirably in the quartet "Sweet and low." Sergeant Thomson also ren- dered "The veteran's song" with • success. Private Harper gave a cornet solo (polka) with distinct skill, and responded to an encore with "The sunshine of your smile." Second-Lieutenant G. R. Crowther struck a topical note with his burlesque on the vagaries of the "Sergeant-Instructor at Maidstone," and the amusing parody "My little wet home in the trench." He was enthusiastically recalled. Lieutenant Challen proved himself the possessor of a splendid voice, in his song "Up from Zummerzet," and was accorded a warm recep- tion.

VAS/ aa• The hit of the evening in the humorous line was generally voted to be the burlesque by Private Reid. His parody on Napoleon at Waterloo evoked incessant laughter, while his ' ditty "Ha! ha! ha!" and (as an encore) his impersonation of George Formby in "They're all good lads" fairly convulsed the audience. Gleave gave a laughable impersonation of Charlie Chaplin. Captain C. H. Clarke and Rifleman Peace lent efficient service as accompanists. The concert was organised by Captain Clarke Land Lieutenant Challen.

Make iiLwA G your own USE Cigarette ' &see what you save. • C/CPRETTE F' E PIYRE.c.I:7 Sold mrywhers In Hd. Books.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
A

--CitlikinstAir A,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS FESTIVITIES.

How To-morrow Will Be Spent In Our Institutions.

A RIGHT ROYAL TIME AT ORFORD BARRACKS.

" Halt 1 Who goes there?"

Through the -g-loom of night the challenge rang out with emphasis and I, in reply, answered "Friend." _

" Pass friend," and I was in the courtyard of Orford Barracks. A few soldiers were being put through a preliminary drill, and a little distance away a regimental band played martial airs. Round about one would not have thought that Christmas was nigh, judging from outside appearances, yet once within the large dining hall everything was changed. I had as my escort Regimental-Sergeant-Major A. Quick, ponderous in size, with the full stamp of an Army officer in his bearing and manner. At the entrance to the banqueting chamber stood a baker's cart, from which the soldiers un- loaded the loaves. Hand to hand, half a dozen at a time, and on to the storehouse! "The first part of the Christmas fare arrived?" I said to the Regimental-Sergeant- Major. and we shall want it all, my friend," said he with a smile. " ' Tommy ' can shift some." Looking around the spacious hall, one noticed at once the splendid and artistic decorations there. Clusters of holly and mistle- toe and thousands of festoons, and upon the walls crests of different regiments. Hung from the ceilings were the flags of the Allies, and amidst all the warm glow of electric lights I learned that the decorations had been under the control of my worthy host, together with Quartermaster-Sergeant Smith, 12th South Lancs. Regiment; Sergeant-Instructor Dreuker. Sergeant Woolley, Sergeant 3iannerang, and Privates Jones and Doward. "You seem to be preparing for a good time this festive season," I ventured to remark. "Sure," answered my escort, "the boys will see to that, and We are giving them a right royal time too. for Christmas Day in the Army is one of the jolliest holidays we have. Good fare also, which includes turkeys, roast joints, boiled hams, vegetables, fruits, sweets and beverages. The 'tuck in' commences at 1 p.m. sharp and lasts until 2. Then the lads are relieved until five o'clock. Tea from that hour until six, after which we are to have a concert by men of the battalion and depot for two hours. Immediately afterwards we shall make merry with dancing, at which friends of he troops will be present. Yes! we shall have a good Christmas! The regimental band is to ,play special and appropriate music, and at the close the six hundred men will all join in sing- ing the song 'Keep the home fires burning.' I suppose, after the singing of the National Anthem, ' Tommy ' and his comrades will be ready for their night's repose unless it is that the plum pudding and other fare remind him of the previous few hours." When I left Regimental-Sergeant-Major Quick it was with feelings of delight, for I thought that every man at present stationed within the grim walls had in the near future a task, stern and relentless, from which he would not shirk.

This is how the boys in khaki at Orford are :o spend to-morrow.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
PEACE AND PLENTY AT THE LORD DERBY HOSPITAL.

Rain was falling and over all a mist, cheerless and melancholy. The roads were veritably quagmires, and along the gutters of the thoroughfares which I traversed were puddles of water. Eventually I reached my destination, which was the Lord Derby Military Hospital, Winwick, where at present over a thousand of bruised warriors are resting after their labours from fields afar. The cleanly wards and sur- roundings within were comforting, and helped one soon to forget the miserable and pitiless rain outside.

The nurses in their picturesque and clean uniforms were already busy with the decora- tions in this large hospital, arid I noticed also on arrival that several of the patients, con- valescent, wire assisting. Each and every one were infused with the spirit of Christmas. Onc. saw there gigantic Christmas trees decorated with gifts, and I learned that the organisation was so perfect that every soldier at present an inmate was due to receive a Yuletide gift. As a preliminary to the rejoicings to-morrow, the artistes of the Hippodrome gave an enter- tainment on Thursday, which was thor- oughly enjoyed. The happy festal day

itself is to be a bright- and merry one. Bpecial fare is to be provided, and in the afternoon a house concert is to be given. At night the soldiers there are to make their own amusements; in fact it is,to be a "do as you please " evenings with, of course, just a few necessary precautions. After trench fighting and all the horrors of warfare, the present Christmas at least for tho inmates of this noble institution is to be quite in keeping with the thoroughness of those in charge and of those interested. A merry Christmas to you all, for right well do you deserve it!

===== 0002601_19151225_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
RADOON COURT PATIENTS BRIGHT PROSPECTS.

"-How are all at Raddon Court going to spend Christmas," I asked Miss S. Broa dbent on arriving at this institution, and she with kindly con- sideration vouchsafed to me the particulars now set forth.

"We are all doing our utmost," she said, "to make a success of the ChriStmas festivities here at Raddon Court. In keeping with the times, the inmates are to be provided with fare consisting of turkey and other appetising dishes.

• "We have a gigantic Christmas tree ready for decoration, and on the festal day, in the afternoon, gifts are to be distributed to the soldiers. Of course there is to be an entertainment, which r ven- ture to suggest will meet with unqualified suc- cess. Boxing Buy is also to be spent in an enjoyable manner, for the patients are to visit the Royal Court Theatre to witness the -per- formance of the musical play 'Betty." After thanking my informant I left, feeling perfectly satisfied that those heroes at present in the hospital will be well looked after and cared for by the friends and woacers interested in that particular vicinity. "The same to you, boys, and many of them, and here's wishing the next Christmas will see us over the Rhine."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
FANCY DRESS BALL FOR THELWALL.

On making inquiries respecting Christmastide of the patients of the Thelwall Heys Auxiliary Hospital, I found the same feverish anxiety on the part of the staff and others for their welfare. Verily are he soldiers in this our town and surrounding districts to have a right and royal time. One learned that the catering for the in- mates here was to be of high merit. In the conservatory a Christmas tree stately and erect is already in course of ornamentation. Gifts are flocking in from all sources with unfailing regu- larity, which reflects great praise on the donors who wish the recipients an appropriate season- able greeting. Truly does one wonder what is to become of all the good things at present being showered upon the warriors in ouF hospitals. Christmas fare is being provided on a lavish scale, and amusements of different descriptions during the day. On Tuesday there is to be a fancy dress ball for the soldiers and staff, "So Tommies,' you will have no cause to grumble, will you?"

===== 0002601_19151225_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD TIME AT WHITECROSS.

Memories of a previous visit, pleasant and unforgotten, were reflected in my mind as I wended my way to the Whitecross Military Hospital, for there I knew my old friend, Corporal Tombs, was stationed, and from in- quiries solicited I found that the noon-day feast is to be served at twelve o'clock, and right good Christmas fare it is. Turkeys, pork, vegetables, and Christmas puddings, in addition to apples, oranges, nuts, grapes, bananas, &c., truly a feast for the gods. Each soldier is to be pre- sented with a Christmas gift, also a Christmas card, supplied by the Whitecross Hospital Comforts Fund Committee, the latter also sup- plying a Christmas tree. Mrs. W. P. Rylands has very kindly supplied a bran pie, which will contain an additional present for each soldier. Chocolates for the patients and the staff have been sent by Messrs. Cadbury Bros. On Christlnas morning, Mr. A. J. Jolley (cligirman of the Management Committee) will present the

Christmas gifts, whilst an entertainment has also been arranged.

JOY FOR THE CHILDREN.

What of the children this festive season in our institutions? And with this thought in mind I made my way to the Padgate Cottage Homes, where at present there are one hundred and twenty young people of varying ages. "Well, and how are they all keeping?" I asked the matron. "Looking forward to the coming Christmas treat as all children do?" " Yet "; replied the matron; "we are already

Jusy at work preparing for the happy day, so much longed for by all those you see around us. At one o'clock they sit down to their Christmas dinner with, of course, some extra little dainties. "In the evening the little ones are to be present at a playlet performed ,by the friends of Mrs. Hildritch. This lady will, I know, be giving great pleasure to many hearts in the audience on Christmas night. The children are in for 9 special treat this year, for we are to have a decorated Christmas tree, the first for a great number of years. It is to be a big surprise for them.

"Yes, we are all doing our -best for the chil- dren, and I'm sure many hearts are full of glad- ness already with the prospects of what are in store for them." AfteT what I had seen and heard I felt sure that such would be the case.

MAYOR AND MAYORESS TO VISIT WORKHOUSE.

"The same as in other years," stated the authorities of the Workhouse, and with the words I knew that the needs of the inmates would be amplified at this institution. Good, homely fare, consisting of roast beef, vegetables, together with plum pudding, an apple and an orange for each inmate and bever- ages, that is what is in store for them on Saturday. Tobacco and snuff are to be pro- vided for those who court*" My Lady Nicotine," always a looked-for pleasure of Yuletide. There is also to take place the usual concert and judging from the list of artistes, will be quite up to the usual high-class excellence. The Mayor and Mayoress will pay a visit during the day. H. M.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0131.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
40;

===== 0002601_19151225_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
• , " • .

• - • 4,• - • • '4 • • • , ; - „. • - •'.: • - • - e't #. o• • • ie. • "a. • • % • • 14 - • • Y t , • • • e • • V.. •*".- fe `•••:, • ;I',. - • so • „ ..„ • . • ••11: wk* •,.„ • 1. '';• • • • ; : • • 74:1 • • • • - , . - oup • • , • , • ; •

===== 0002601_19151225_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
, . R i • - FURTHER EPIDEMIC CASES OF i- • DIPIFFHERIA. ' , i

We have reason to believe that there is a further epidemic of diphtheria in the imme- diate vicinity and that steps 'are being taken again to combat the disease by the local authorities.

Further patients have, been admitted to the Isolation Hospital for attention. There has been one death this week from the disease.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
Iff. _I. tt

v• •

'

41: fr

)1,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
LYAIM RECRUITING.

Mr. Alfred WaMin Thanks The

NA °fliers.

To the Editor of " The Warrington Examiner."

Sir,—Now that the difficult, delicate and arduous work in connection with Lord Derby's recruiting scheme is completed, I venture to make use of your valuable paper to express, on behalf of, the Recruiting Committee of Lymm, our great appreciation of the services rendered by those upon whose shoulders the stress and strain of the last few weeks have chiefly fallen. It would 'be impossible for me to express in words -our admiration of the work done by the Recruiting Officer, Mr. F. E. Evans. The detail has been enormous. He has -worked early and late --(Sometimes until three o'clock in the morning). His tact and urbanitylave been pro- verbial, while his powers of organisation have been of the highest order. I hope that. this and other services, past and present, which he has rendered, will be properly recognised in the near future.

To -Mr. Reginald Barker we have also to express our thanks for his conspicuous services as joint hon. secretary. Owing to Mr. Callender's serious illness (which his numerous friends deeply regret), a double amount of .work has fallen to the lot oi Mr. Barker. The,coinmittee oonsider-theraselves extre'mely fortunate; in liaving been able ,to secure the services of so capable and agreeable a colleague.

Dr. Burrowes, whose honorary services and unstinted attention and devotion to the needs of our lied Cross Hospital, have kept him so fully occupied, has yet found time by working bometimes into the early hours of the morning to medically examine large numbers of reoruits. On some occasions he was assisted by Dr. L. Thorp, to whom we now tender our thanks. When the proper time comes the 'attention of the authorities must be drawn to Dr. Burrowes' eminent and most skilful services. • To the captains of the wards and of the out. township of Warburton •and the canvassers generally, our cordial thank i are due. They have one and all done their work splendidly—as the figures of the canvass clearly indicate.— Yours, &c., •

ALFRED WATKIN. Chairman of the Recruiting Committee, Lynn.

Danebank, Lymm, Cheshire, December 22nd, 1915.

It would be nice if a live man could have as many friend's as every dead man has.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
11l AkISTRECT32 .4, ;

LYMIVI

Gas Econamies.—At a meeting of the Gas Committee held in the Council Chambers on Monday it was decided that no additional gas apparatus, such as gas stoves, fires, &c., shall be fixed in the district during the present crisis. The Council also wish consumers to economise with their gas as far as possible, owing to the shortage of coal.

Private Walter Timperley : .Home on fur- lough.—Private Walter Timperley, Station House, Heatley, has, this week been home on furlough for a few days prior to departing with hts regiment to the Front., He is at present with the ,R.A.M.C., and for some time has been stationed at Salisbury Plain. Private Timperley, who is looking the picture of health, is very anxious to get to the Front Prior to joining H.M. Forces, Private Timper- ley was assistant clerk at the Council Cham- bers, under Mr. Mullard.. He was educated at. the Lymm Grammar School and attended Oughtrington .Church.. His many friends and admirers wish him a save and speedy return.

Charity Football Match: Cigarettes for Local Soldiers.—A football match which promises to evoke great interest in the village is to take place on Christmas Day betiveen Lymm A.F.C. and the Oughtrington Park A.F.C., on the Pepper-street enclosure. The match is timed to commence at 3 p.m. Being two local teams of note and the first match .of the season it is creating considerable interest and promises to be a "Derby" Day. Almost all the players on either side are serving with the colours, and it is, therefore, in a sense, to become a khaki match. Two of the players on the Lymm side are Private Walter Hadden, who. was wounded some time ago, and his brother, Lance-Corporal E. Hadden, who is at present home on furlough. The entire proceeds are for providing cigarettes for the Lymm soldiers.

Sapper J. Clare: To Undirgo An Operation.— Sapper Joseph Clare, -whom we some time ago. announced as wounded,: has. this week Written to. Mrs. L. Broader, of Booth's Hill, from the 2nd Western General Hospital, Leicester-road, Higher Broughton, where he is at present stationed. - He- says:—" I am still in the land of the living and suppose I shall be here for the Christmas holidays. I don't know how I, shall go on, for there is an operation before me. However, I hope it is soon; 'then.* ,will' not be so bad for Christmas. I --vrould dearly have liked to be home. this festive season, but it is no use worrying. At-least-L am glad the I people here are to do something for me, for am sure it is getting worse to open-my mouth. Sister says I am going to have what is called, a "gag" put in my mouth, so it will in con-1 sequence stop me from speaking. It is a good I job it is not summer, or maybe I should get I my fill of flies and other insects. Never mind,l I shall keep toddling along and shall pull I through all right eventually." Sapper J. .Clare, it will be *membered, was wounded I when attached to the Royal Engineers, his injuries consisting of a piece of trench mortar which was blown into his mouth.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GRAMMAR SCHOOL.

"Speech Day" And An Entertainment By The Pupils.

A GREAT SUCCESS.

At the request of the governors and head master_ of the Lymm Grammar School, the relatives, friends- of the sttulents, and others were entertained on Saturday last in the school- room. The invitation, it is pleasißg to record, met with an unqualified response, for never on "speech day" has the school been filled to such an extent. With splendid .patriotism the pupils have this year foregone their prizes, with a view that..the . money shall be spent in the furthering of many efforts to alleviate the sufferings of our soldiers; or help to cheer those fighting to ex- terminate the common foe. Instead .r the scholars therefore receiving prizes for meri- torious work for the past twelve months, in their stead certificates were presented, which speaks highly for the pupils' thoughtfulness and self- sacrifice. • •

Looking round the hall the first thing- one rioticed was the Roll of Honour, comprising the names of the old boys who- have so nobly and spontaneously answered the call of their King and country, and as was befitting the occasion it occupied a Prominent and conspicuous, place in front of the platform. The gathering attracted considerable interest, and a topical*: and fine varied musical and dramatic programme was fully enjoyed by those whose pleasure it was to attend.-

School's Military and Educational Record.

At the commencement of the proceedings Vice- Chancellor Stewart- Smith; K.C., gave a very practical lecturette intermingled with many humorous stories, which were thoroughly appre- ciated by the audience. This was followed by a, distribution of certificates, at which the Rector (the Rev., G. B. Thurston), chairman .of the governors, presided. The Head Master Pre- sented his report, in which he referred to the difficulties caused by the enlistment of his staff. These difficulties had, fortunately, been sur- mounted, thanks chiefly to the splendid co-opera- tion of ladies who-had-come, forward/in a very real and sincere.manner. The number of pupils was about the. same—to be precise it was 143, which in itself, considering the present condi- tion of affairs was extremely r...tisfactory, thanks to the unswerving loyalty of the parents con- cerned. Several pupils' names had been sub-1 mitted to examination by the Alorthern UniVar-. ties' Joint Board Examination four scholars ob- them being brought- into contact with other universities. -Referring to the prominence of Latin in the course, ,Mr. Hawkins said that this subject called for concentrated thought, and suggestions had been made that the art of book- keeping should be taught, as many thought- it absolutely essential to commercial enterprise. However, in view of the great call for need of economy, special attention had been paid to this particular subject. At the Northern Universi- ties Joint Board Examination four scholars ob- tained the school certificate, viz., Annie Winnall, Norman Benson, Y. Armitage, and R. Rath- bone. The senior pupil, Ruth Willan, had passed the m.atriculation examination, which had in consequence enabled her to have again renewed her county intermediate scholarship. On the "Roll of Honour" were names near and dear to those present, in- all fifty names; truly al record to be proud of. One word he must say,' not only on behalf of himself, but of the wholel school, and that was that he had to extend sym- pathy' to Mr. and Mrs. Smith in their present anxious time concerning their son, George Victor, an old boy of the school, respected and admired for his straightforwardness and in- tegrity. He hoped and believed that the present work carried on by all concerned would con- tinue to such an extent that real educational ser- vice would be the outcome to that part of the county of Cheshire in which they resided. (Ap- plause.)

===== 0002601_19151225_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
Bright Prospects.

The Rector mentioned the fact that Mr. Hawkins was called up for military service at the commencement' of hostilities, 'and that the governors had a very anxious time until they had obtaised his "demobilisation." (Laughter.) It was satisfactory to. be-able to say to the par- ents that the school had in no way suffered from the.war,.as.at the present time it was in as good a position, in many ways, as .ever it had been during the history of the school. (Applause.) The governors held the Head Master in the highest esteem, and reposed the utmost confi- d.ence in him, not only in his manner of con- ductorship, but also in his ideals. A bright ,future was in front of the school. He also wished to thank, on behalf- of the governors, Miss Hub- back, who until recently was in their midst. Paying a eulogistic tribute to this lady, he said she had come to them at a most trying period in the history of the school, which earned for her the gratitude of everyone. Mr. Stewart-Smith (the Vice-Chancellor) also spoke to the parents respecting the boys and girls leaving school before the proper time. This was not to the benefit of either the parents or their children, for an extra accumulation of knowledge would be very beneficial in these-com- petitive times. Addressing the scholars, he com- plimented them on their thoughtfulness in fore- going the usual prizes, which showed they were trying toilo".`-their.little bit" in a, humble way.

. ..kr: T. J. 'Ridgway, in proposing a vote of thinks 46 the Yice-Chancellor, endorsed his re- Marks as to keeping the . children longer- at school, saying that it was for the benefit of themselves and those at home. The school had had a Ward fight, but success was about to be achieved. The vote was heartily accorded.

The Programme.

After singing the National Anthem, a number of scholars produced two scenes from Shake- speare's ,"Richard H." in a manner which re- 'fleeted great credit on those who had trained theta. The first scene was "A room in John of 44a,unt's Mansion, Ely House," the special feature being a fine address on love of country by "John of Gaunt." This part was played ex- cellently by Master Mounfield. Scene 2 was in the gardens of the Royal Palace, in which the Queen (Miss Doris Richards) heard the news of the King's • downfall from the earden-ers. The following is the cast:. Richard H. Hallows; John of Gaunt, Moun- field; Duke of York, Wallwork; Earl of North- umberland, Bryder; Head Gardener, Willan; others; Parker and Owen; the Queen, Doris Richards; Ladies, Elsie Odber and Ella Short; Halberdiers, Cooke and Houghton; Attendant, Thomson. ' All took their parts in a style very favourable to the audience, and a commodious stage, replete with beautiful hangings and up- to-date lighting, erected by a number of friends of the school, helped in no small way to make the occasion such a success.

The Doll's Tea Party, a very pretty scena, was played by the following characters: Mistress Doll. Molly Rowlinson ; Mistress Mary, Alice Welford ; Jack Horner, J. Furness; Miss Muffett, Katherine Tweedale; Old Woman in a Shoe, Dorothy Moston ; Little Boy Blue, G. Parmiter; Simple Simon, S. Welford; Pieman, B. Kith; 80-peep, Kathleen Barrett; Piou-Piou, B. Cawood; Red Riding Hood, May Davies; Dick Whittington, E. Gotobed ; Cook, Joan. Cook; Housemaids, Ida Cawood, Nancy Gould; Nurse, Nancy Harkness; Old Ladies. Annie Furniss and Andice Vandersmiss; Young Ladies of Lea, Irene Cook, Jessie Shaw; Nigger Doll, S. Davies; Japanese Doll, Nancy Nieland; Jack Tar, G. Tudor-Evans; Old King Cole, D. Todd; Tommy Atkins, B. Davies. A Japanese dance, arranged by Miss Hughes, of Warrington, completed a splendid programme, so.much so that at the end it called for unstinted anplduse. Such was its success that a repetition of the entertainment was arranged for Tuesday even- ing, at which another crowded audience assem- bled. A small charge was made, the proceeds being for the Serbian Relief Fund and for the provision of huts for the soldiers at the Front.

Prize List.

The _following is the prize list:—

KindergartenT—General Progress: Brian Kirk. Lower Tr.—General Progress: Katherine Ver- non Tweedale.

Upper Tr.—General Progress: John Furness. Form I.—Form work: Eric Gotobed and K. Young.

Form 11.-,-Form work: Nancy Gould and Sidney Davies. Form llls.—General work: Alice Cooke and Constance Moston. Form lllA.—Mathematics Samuel Burgess; literature. Frances Ardern. Form IVs.—Mathematics: Francis • Holland Cross; literature. Isaac Broady. Lower IVA.—Mathematics : Charles Douglas Hallows; literature, Leslie Wallwork. Upper IVA.—Mathematics: Reginald Walter Rathbone; literature, George Wiliam. Form V.—Matriculation: Ruth Wade Willan. School certificate: Annie Winnall.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0139.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19151225_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

Prize Distribution.—On -Friday, December 17th, the annual prize distribution was held at the Padgate C.E. Schools. The meeting was presided over by the Rev. J. Hirst. There was a good attendance of parents and friends. Dur- ing the afternoon recitations and songs were rendered by the scholars. The Headmaster (Mr. Blackwell) read his report, which stated that the school had had a successful year, and that one boy, Edward Higham, had obtained a scholarship to the Boteler ,Grammar School. Prizes for attendance and good work were pre- sented to the boys by Mr. G—Mather, and to the girls by Miss Jackson, to whom a vote of thanks was passed, on the proposition of Mr. Royston, seconded by the Rev. A. J. Morton.

Old Folk's Treat.—The Christian service sec- tion of the Wesley Guild are to be congratu- lated on their efforts to give the old folks in the' district a Christmas treat. Although the weather conditions were most unfavourable, about sixty people, sixty years of age and over, accepted the invitation which had been given to a tea and concert held in the Wes- leyan Schoolroom. After tea a, miscellaneous programme was given, presided over by the Rev. A. J. Morton. The soloists were Miss B. Brough,.Miss Ward, Miss Ball, Mr. Bate, and Master Douglas Pickering. Recitations were given by Miss A.. Tomlin and Miss E. Morton; a duet by the_ Misses Ward and Dewar; Lanca- shire readings by Mr. S. Dawson; whistling solos by Mr. Cottrell; trio by Messrs. G. Walker, A. J. Morton and W. J. Bate; glees by the choir, itc. The accompanists were Messrs. T. Brough, Ytir. H. Ward and Mrs. Bate.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETII.

Council School Concert—On Friday evening the Penketh Council School held_ their -annual concert in the Weslevan Schoolroom, , It veas a decided success, the children Leing in top form, and the room being well filled. The pro- gramme was introduced by Miss A. Owen, a small fairy, who, in a pretty little spew h, re- quested all the ladies t 6 remove their hats. It was as follows :—Song and dance "Sunbeams," by Infants; character song,. "Dainty Domestics," Girls; recitations, "Santa Claus," "Two Little Girls," and .." A Rainy Day," Infants: song, "Coo," Girls; action song, "Autumn Leaves," Infants; Coon song, "Tennessee Christening," encore song "Swanee River,". Boys; song, "he-- Sunshine of .Your Smile," Girls; sketch, "The Babes in the Wood," Mixed; character recitation, "Three Old .Ladies," Infants; 'song; "The Dunces," Boys and Girls; peasant dance, Girls; coon song, "Shine, Shine Moon," Boys; action song, "Lady Barbers," Girls; song, "Keep the Home Fires Burning," Boys: - and -Girls; "National Anthem."—Dr. Murray acted as chairman and congratulated teachers , and scholars on the evening's performance. He spoke very earnestly to parents- and children of the absolute necessity of carrying on the edu- cation of the young people; not only as long as they were obliged to go to school, but after- wards. The work at the Day School, he said, was, after all, only the .foundation to the more serious lessons of life.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPENHALL.

CHESHIRE VOLUNTEER REGIMENT

Grappenhall Detachment.

Orders for week commencing 26th Deccraber: Drill. - Tuesday, 28th December. Fall in at licad- quarters at 7.45 p.m. sharp.

Musketry. Friday, 31st December. Fall in at the Range, Bank Quay Bridge, at 7.30 p.m. sharp. A. list of. men re- quired to attend will be posted at Head- quarters as usual. -

Orderlies. Section-Commander F. Shot. Private T. Whyman.

N.B.—A special squad for the training of

" Derby " recruits is now being formed. Early application should be made for admission at the Headquarters any time the same are open for drill. These men who have offered themselves for 'attestation and been declined should also join the detachment and assist in the work of home defence.

By Order, F. A. FROST, 0.C., (Platoon Commander).

Headquarters„ 24th December, 1915.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPTAIN WITHINGTON DEAD.

The death is announced of Captain Thomas Withington, of Culcheth Hall, Culcheth, near Warrington, at the age of eighty-four ~years. He joined the old Militia as far back as 1854, and the Lancashire Hussars in 1804., He was a justice of the peace for the county of Lanca- shire, having been appointed for the West Derby Hundred in July, 1857. When his health per- mitted he was a regular attender at the Sessions. held at Warrington, Leigh and Liverpool. On attaining his magisterial jubilee in 1907 his brother magistrates presented him with a handsome clock, a silver bowl, and several beautiful pieces of silver plate. Captain Withington held several public posi- tions in Warrington. He was the oldest gover- nor of the Warrington. Infirmary, .the oldest trustee of the Blue Coat School and the Savings Bank, and the senior income tax collector. He was twice married.. His second wife was the eldest (laughter of the late Mr. Octavius Wil- liam Temple, the Governor of Sierra Leone, and a niece of the late Archbishop of Canterbury.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
A CALL TO

Bankers' Manifesto To The Nation.

The bankers of the country ha-e issued a clearly-worded manifesto to the men and women of this country, the tone of which is full of confidence; its object is to show what is required to achieve victory, and how the requirement can be met. The bold statement is made that the one thing now needful is money; and it is the duty of Great Britain, untrammelled in her commerce, to supply that money for herself and for her Allies. The task is shown to be huge, but it can be performed by strenuous co-opera- tion, by- concentrating on the production of essentials only, by eschewing non-essentials, by economy.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
['RESIDENT IVILSON'S MARRIAGE.

President Wilson was married to Mrs. Galt at her home in Washington on Saturday evening. The President was busy earlier in the day at the White House. from which he motored to the home of his bride. The bride's mother gave her away; and the only guests were member's of the families. The distinguished pair left for a fortnight's honeymoon in the South.

SIR DOUGLAS HAIG TO LEAD IN FRANCE,

General Sir Douglas Haig has been appointed to succeed Field-Marshal Sir John French. in command a the Army in France and klanders:

===== 0002601_19151225_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

In The Trenches.—The Parochial Committee have decided to send the season's greetings to the Clerk (Mr. F. Ashton), who is serving with the Army in France. Mr. Ashton Las recently been home on a few days' leave, but be has now returned to the Front. He has been in the first-line trenches and within 50 yards of the Germans.

At the Parochial Committee Meeting.—A meeting of the Parochial Committee was held in the Council Schools on Tuesday evening. Mr. George Pilling presided, and also present were: Messrs. J. H. •Clarke, F. Pearson, J. McDermid, W. Mclntyre, A. Bottomley, J. Hallows, E. Bradshaw (clerk to the Parish Council), A. Stanley Wright (surveyor), and W. E. Hough (acting clerk).

Mr. James Whitley's Illness.—At the meeting of the Parochial Committee on Tuesday even- ing, Mr. F. Pearson stated that Mr. James Whitley, of Walton-road, was recovering from his recent illness, and that he had sent his good wishes to the members. Mr. Whitley- had a stroke about a fortnight ago and lost the use of his left arm and his power of speech. We are pleased to my that he has practically recovered and soon will be in normal health.

Christmas Gathering.—The annual Christmas gathering arranged by the .teachers of St. Thomas' Sunday School was held in the Parish Rotans on Saturday afternoon. A lar4e and well-laden Christmas tree was in the room, and this proved to be a great attiaction to the large number of children present. A number of stalls were also in the room, and on these were displayed suitable articles for sale. At the conclusion of the gathering the helpers were entertained to tea. The proceeds .4 ill be devoted to a Missionary Society,

"The Messiah."—The choir at the Wesleyan Church gave selection from Handel's "Messiah" on Sunday. The first part was rendered in the afternoon, and the second in the evening. The soloists were Miss Florence Gavings (soprano), Madame Lily Fairhurst (contralto), Mr. W. Hetherington (tenor), and Mr. R. A. Robinson (bass), the singing of whom delighted every member of the large congregation which was present both afternoon and evening. Great praise is due to Mr. F. E. Penketh, who con- ducted the choir with much skill and ability. and to Mr. A. Trow, who presided at the organ. An address was given in the, afternoon by Mr. John Taylor, and in the evening Mr. A. Lumb spoke to the gatherings', Special collections were taken on behalf of the Trust Funds.

" Specials ", at Supper.—The Stockton Heath Special Constables held! a "hot-pot" .supper,at the .Mulberry Tree Hotel on Monday evening, twenty-four being present. The catering was excellent and the supper was ,thoroughly en- joyed. Mr. W. Bouchier (leader) presided and Mr. F. Rose (leader) acted as secretary fcr the occasion. Inspector Breese was also present. The following toast list was submitted and honoured: "The Bing," "Our Army and Navy," "The Regular Constabulary," "The Special Constabulary," "Our Lads at the Front," and "The Wives of the Specials."— Inspector Breese suitably responded for the regular constabulary, and Mr. Bouchier for the "specials." An interesting programme of musical and other items was rendered, the feature of the evening being the fine recitation and songs of Mr. Lambert, who was heartily thanked for his services. Messrs. Pearson Baguley And GernOn also contributed suitable items. The meeting was a short eine, but heartily enjoyed, and the proceedings terMin- ated with the singing of the National Anthem.

Territorials' Christmas Fund.—A very suc- cessful concert organised by Mrs. Gordon Roberts in aid of the Territorials' Christmas Fund was held in the Institute on Friday last. The programme- included selections by Mrs. W. B. Roberts's orchestra; and special men- tion must be made of the "Finale Concerto" (Mendelssolxn), the piano solo being effectively rendered. by Mrs. W. B. Roberts. Miss Con- )stance Reece contribUted two songs in a very artistic manner, and Miss Frsula Hughes was loudly applauded for her delightful recitations, "Briar Rose" and "Admirals' All," and had to respond to encores each time. The Universal favourite, Mr. B. M. Ashton, gave two most amusing monologues, and "Mrs. Murphy's. Few Words on Love and Marriage" created roars of laughter. Mr. Walter Moores excelled him- self in his songs "You wouldn't know the old place now," and "When Tommy comes marching home," and encores were demanded. The .solo pianist, Mr. F. IL Banner, rendered' "La Chasse" and "Valse: Impromptu" (Chopin) in a most artistic and highly finished manner. A very, -graceful dance- was given by four little pupils of Miss Olga M. Hughes.— Captain Mathams, in .proposing a vote of thanks to Mrs. W. B. Roberts and the other Aitistes, :.spoke of. ,the .splendid .response the Territorials had made to their country's' call, and said that no sacrifice on our part was too great to repay them for their noble work. Captain Mathanis also drew attention to the fact that the Battalion was still open to re- cruits.—The concert was one of the, best that has been held in Stockton Heath, and the wel- come addition of ..tlO has been made to the Chrisbnas Fund.—Thiritig th 6 evening. Mrs. W. B. Roberts was presented with a silver inkstand by the Members of her orchestra.

requires to be left unpollarded as the silver birch, and any necessary pruning should have been done with discrimination and with a view to maintaining the beauty' of the trees and not simply truncating them at a uniform height, the limit apparently being just as high as the man could reach.. There are at least four of the trees which are now permanently ruined, and I hope the Parish Council will order their removal, so that others may, be planted in their stead. Before any of the trees in the streets are touched they should be carefully studied, for once the cut is made it can never be undone!'

The Chairman said that two trees has been ruthlessly mutilated. ,The fault was that no discrimination had been shown in pruning between one class of tree and another.

Mr. J.'ll. Clarke said that the complaint also applied to some of the trees in Grappen, hall-road.

In the course of the discussion it was stated that the man, who looked after the trees re- ceived £6 10s. per annum, and was supposed to look after two or three hundred trees. It was decided that the Chairman and the Clerk, consultation with Mr. Woodcock, should act as .a committee to have the over- sight of the trees, and advise as to cutting and pruning.

- At the ,close of the meeting, tho Chairman wished the members the compliments of the season.'

===== 0002601_19151225_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
TREE PRUNING.

£6 10s. A Year For Looking After Three Hundred Trees.

Complaints that trees in Whitefield-road and Grappenhall-road had been damaged were heard at the meeting of the Parish Council, which was held on Tuesday evening. Mr. Wm. Mclntyre wai in the chair. The following letter was read from Mr. W. H. Woodcock :—" I do not know who is respon- sible for the mutilation of the beautiful silver birches in Whitefield-road, but I wish to lodge my protest to the Parish Council agf.inst such vautlalima. Thera is no tree which so much

===== 0002601_19151225_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
NIGHTSOIL DISPOSAL.

The question of the disposal of the nightsoil is one that has been before the Parochial Committee for some time. Recently, Mr. C. L. Evans, of the Arley Estate, was approached as to the terms upon which he would be pre- pared to allow the committee to continue to use a site on a farm as a tip for nightsoil. Mr. Evans's reply was that he would be glad to know the approximate quantity' of refuse per annum before he could give any answer as to terms. His own impression was that it would be far better for the Council to prcvide a destructor.

Mr. Bottomley : Would it not be well to ask the Warrington Corporation on what terms they are prepared to provide facilities? The Chairman and the Acting Clerk were deputed to approach the Town Clerk on the question.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMPLIMENTS ,OF THE SEASON.

At the close of the meeting of the Parochial Committee on Tuesday evening Mr. A. Bot- tomley proposed that the committee should extend to the Chairman (Mr. G. Pilling) their hearty good wishes for a bright and happy Christmas and a prosperous New Year. Mr. Bottomley added the hope that in the coming year Mr. Pilling would not have the family troubles he had experienced during the past twelve months, and that his wife's health would be greatly improved. (Hear, hear.) Mr. J. H. Clarke, seconding, said they were always pleased to see Mr. Pilling's happy countenance amongst them. They looked for- ward to much better things for the country in the coming year, and, when our cause had pre- vailed; we might indeed have a .jolly Christ- mas.

The vote wa.s cordially passed, and the Chair- man briefly thanked the members and returned the good wishes.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
DIFFICULTIES AT GALLIPOLI.

Letters From The Sons Of Mr. James Whitley..

Private P. Whitley, who is serving with the Mediterranean Expeditionary Forte, and was recently. on ,the Gallipoli Peninsula, in a letter to his father, Mr. James Whitley, of the Walton- road Post Office, writes:— " I am pleased to say I am in , very g6od health, and doing very well. .I have so far escaped the shells and bullets, which is some- thing to be thankful for when one thinks of the number of machine-guns and rifles that are aimed at us from the hill-top§ and cliffs, where we are under constant observation and fire. The Turks have earned the name of being good fighters on' the defensive, ,and when our men advance they have to climb places literally .studdied with machine-guns, nd in the 'teeth of a terrific...fire from the heights. When I landed here and saw the heights and difficulties which had, to be faced, it almost. looked 'impos- sible for any troops, to land at all, and no finer deeds can be recorded than those performed by the first landing. party. Their work must have been magnificent. I -have, spoken to one or two men who took part in the *first landing, and. heard from them the deeds that were performed that day. If ever men deserved the name of heroes, these men deserve it."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
Cheshire Compared With Gallipoli.

In a letter to his brother, Mr. Jos. Whitley, Private Whitley writes : " I was very pleased to hear from you. Be- fore I received your letter it had been in Egypt, Greece and Turkey, so you see it had to travel a bit to find me. I was delighted with the post- cards you sent me. I have shown them to a few of my comrades, and they all remarked What a beautiful place Whitley must live in.' I waa always ready to assure them it was. I can hardly choose which is the best, ap they are all good ones, but I think the old Post Office at Grappenhall was praised the most by all who saw the cards. I fear I shall be obliged to spend another Christmas from home. Hard luck, eh? Still, it is not for us to grumble. I am pleased I am doing my bit, and I sincerely hope we shall return, and that Germany will be sniashecl be- fore mueh longer. Lance-Corporal Pratt is here with me. and I will ask him about the Stockton Heath people. He is a Lancashire lad and a good one, too. We have already noticed the change in the weather, and winter will soon be upon us. To-day iis pouring with 'rain.

Just picture to yourseif some of those old by- lanes in Cheshire when they are knee-deep in mud and you will then have a slight idea what it is like on the Gallipoli Peninsula." In Hospital.

Another son of Mr. James Whitley, Private J. Whitley, has been transferred from France, where he.has been for the past 13 Months, to a hospital at ChislehuAt, Kent. In a letter to his father, Private J. Whitley writes I am in hospital and had to undergo another opera- tion. I am glad to say that everything was a success, and I hope to be walking about again by Sunday."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
TO PREVENT FLOODS.

Agreement With The Manchester Ship Canal Company.

The Manchester Ship Canal Company and the Parochial Committee have decided upon certain measures by which it is hoped to pre- vent certain Streets flooding in the event of a heavy rainfall. _

At a meetinc, of the committee en Tuesday evening, Mr. W. E. Hough (the acting clerk) read a letter from Mr. H. A. Reed (chief engineer to the Manchester Ship Canal Com- pany) with reference to the proposal to lay ft storm overflow between the manhole in Eger- ton-street, Stockton Heath, and the Manches- ter Ship Canal. He' enclosed draft agreement containing the terms • and conditions upon which he was prepared to recommend the directors to grant the desired easement through the property of the company. At a recent in- terview the deputation from the Parochial Committee stated that it was expected that the proposed storm overflow would only come into operation on very rare occasions, as the necessity for such relief in time of flood had only occurred twice in the year 1914, and not at all during the three previous years. The easement would, therefore, be granted by the company on the distinct understanding that the storm overflow would only be used in case of emergency, and should the overflow be found to come into operation with undue fre- quency, or should a nuisance arise through the discharge of sewage or other injurious matter into the Ship Canal, the company would have no alternative but to terminate the agreement.

The Surveyor (Mr. A. Stanley Wright) said the Ship Canal Company had accepted the scheme proposed by the committee. The agreement was approved. The Chief Engineer to the Ship Canal Com- pany also wrote stating that he had carefully considered the question of the proposed over- flow at the head of the syphon under the Ship Canal near Northwich-road swing bridge, btif he could not recommend the directors to accede to the request.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR JOHN FRENCH TO HIS

ARMY.

TOUChillij Faro% ell.

DAY OF VICTORY NOT FAR DISTAN'F.

"The Pride And Glory Of My Life."

The War Office has issued through the Press Bureau the text of the order of the day in which Sir John French takes- leave of his troops in France and Flanders on relinquishing the command. The order is dated Saturday. Sir John says In relinquishing the command of the British Army in France, I wish to express to the officers, non-commissioned officers, and men with whom I have been.so closely associated during the last sixteen months my heartfelt sorrow in parting with them before the campaign in which we have been so long engaged together has been brought to a victorious conclusion.

" I have, however,. the firmest conviction that such a glorious ending to their splendid and heroic: efforts . is not far distant, and I shall watch their Progress towards this final goal with intense interest but in the most confident hope. The success so far attained has been due to the indomitable spirit, dogged tenacity which knows no defeat, and the heroic courage so abundantly displayed by the rank and file of the splendid army which it will ever remain the pride and glory of my life to have commanded during over sixteen months of incessant fighting. Regulars and Territorials, Old Army and New Army have ever shown these magnificent quali- ties in equal degree. From my heart I thank them all.

At this sad moment of parting my heart goes out to those who have received lifelong injury from wounds, and I think wiith sorrow of that great and glorious host of my beloved comrades who have made the greatest sacrifice of all by laying down their lives- for their couDtry. In saying good-bye to the British Army in France, I ask them once again to accept this expression of my deepest gratitude and heart- felt devotion towards them and my earnest good wishes for the glorious future which I feel bi he assured.—(Signed) J. D. P. FRENCH. Field Marshal Commander-in-Chief, British Army in France. December IS, 1915.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR JOHN FRENCH A VISCOUNT.

Since the commencement of the war, during over 16 months of severe and incessant strain; Field-Xfarslfal Sir John French has most ably commanded our Armies in France an Flanders, and he has now, at his own instance, relin- quished that command. His Majesty's Government, with full apprecia- tion of and gratitude for the. conspicuous . ser- vices which Sir John French has rendered to the country at the Front, :have, with the King's approval, requested him- to accept the appoint- ment .of Field-Atfaishal 'Commanding-In-Chief the troops stationed in the United Kingdom; and Sir John French has accepted that appoint- inent. ,

His Majesty the King has been pleased to confer upon Sir John French the dignity of a Viscount of the United Kingdom.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
C11:11AN WAR EXPERTS

PESSIMISM.

• Great Britain's Surprise For The

Enemy.

In the course of an article in the "Berlin Tageblatt," MajorMoraht pays a high tribute to our Ariny":—

"After sixteen months of war," he says, "we have abandoned all illusions. We know that we are engaged in a life-and-death struggle. A proper insight into this material danger may avert for us the bitter end. We could wish that Great Britain would realise the impossibility of crushing us. The present agony is of use to no one. But if reason has no grip on our enemies, our military authorities will have to accelerate the slow progress of the war and ter- minate it as soon as possible. "While we, like the French, are being forced by our losses to put water into ?tit wine, Great Britain is putting "wine into her water.. Great Britain has created an army larger and better than the German u4ilitary world couhl have foreseen, considering her past military history.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW YEAR'S EVE.

No Peat This Year At The Manchester

Town Hall.

, The Town Hall Committee of the Manchester Corporation have decided that there shall be no ringing of the Town Hall bells to mark" the passing of the old year and the coming in of the new. If, therefore, the customary gathering takes place on New Year's Eve in Albert Square, it will, for the first time in the history of the Town Hall, be without the chief feature of such occasions. The bells will be pealed as usual at nine o'clock on Christmas morning.

Cherishing hard feeling is an excellent way of making a hard pillow for yourself.

Not always the skilful worker; but oftfini:: the skilful shirker gets the rewardi

===== 0002601_19151225_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
FARM AND GARDEN.

'THE ROYAL.

Membership Gives Total Of Over Ten Thousand.

The report of the Council presented to the annual general meeting of governors and mem- bers of the Society, states:— Since the last annual meeting the losses by death include one Trustee, the Earl of Jersey, G.C.11., and two Vice-Presidents, the Earl of Faversham and Lord Rothschild. The above, and other changes, bring the total number of governors and members now on the register to 10,144, divided as follows :-182 annual governors, 88 life governors, 7,317 annual members, 2,529 life members, 28 honorary members; 10,144, as against a total of 10,570 members on the register at the time of the last annual report. Agricultural Relief of Allies Fund.

Following the precedent of 1870, when a fund was raised at the instance of the Society for the assistance of the peasant farmers of France, the Council, in January, appointed a committee (with power to add to its number) to prepare a scheme for the alleviation of the distress caused by the war to agriculturists in the countries of Britain's Allies. Agricultural and kindred societies appointed representatives to serve on the General Committee, and at a meeting held in February more than seventy societies, with an aggregate membership of over 100,000, were represented. His Grace the Duke of Portland. at the outset, was good enough to head the move- ment as President, and it was decided that th,t title of the new body should be the Agricultural Relief of Allies Committee. Already practical assistance has been rendered to the French farmers in the shape of implements, such as binders, threshing machines, ploughs, harrows, &c., live stock comprising South Down sheep, pigs, and goats, and a number of consignments of seed wheat for autumn sowing has also been shipped. Gifts, of poultry for shipment in the near future are now being collected. The R.A.S.E.—as the initiator of the fund—made to it a contribution of kl,OOO. lip to date, the sum of £26,000 has been received or promised, in addition to gifts in kind. It will, however, be readily understood that the task before the com- mittee is one of considerable magnitude, and they therefore appeal most earnestly to members of the British agricultural community to be as generous as they are, able to be in their dona- tions to the fund. Cheques or promises should be addressed to the Hon. Treasurer. Agricultural Relief of Allic,; Fund, 16, Bedford-square, Lon- don, W.C.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
Nottingham Show.

Though the entries of live stock at Notting- ham were below the numbers of recent years, there was certainly no lack of quality in the exhibits. The show was held in Lord Middle- ton's Park at Wollaton from Tuesday. June 29th, to Saturday, July 3rd. In spite of the un- favourable weather on the first two (lays of the show, the aggregate attendance for the five days was 103,88.3 and the financial result was a debit balance of £2,945, which, when everything is taken into consideration, cannot be regarded as unsatisfactory.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
Manchester Show of 1916.

The Manchester Show will be held on the site near Alexandra Park and Withington Stations from Tuesday, June 27th, to Saturday, July Ist. 1916. An influential committee has been ap- pointed of representatives of the county and city to raise the necessary funds for carrying out the local requirements, and arrangements have been satisfactorily concluded with the Royal Lanca- shire Agricultural• Society, who have decided not to hold their show in the year 1916.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGH PRICES FOR WOOL.

Wool prices generally are now on the highest level ever recorded, says the "Times." Certain kinds of Australian scoured merino wools used for the manufacture of fine cloths are now being sold at the London auctions for about 3s. 2d. a pound. or a shilling above the prices regarded as satisfactory in normal times. Varieties of Australian greasy merino wools are being sold for Is. Bd. a pound. as compared with"ls. 2d. before the war, while wool from the Falkland Islands has been sold for is. 7d., as compared with is. 2d. before the war. Crossbreds, Which are used largely for heavy military cloths, have also risen sharply. The rise in prices of all kinds of wool has been caused by the very heavy buying by British spinners largely to meet the ordinary commercial requirements which for some time past have had to yield to military needs, and by buyitig on French, Russian and American account.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE GARDEN.

CLIMBERS ON TREES.

Many people have an idea that climbers are injurious to trees. In the case of young trees this may hold good, but on those that are past their best climbers are admissible, many of the old trunks lastifig much longer when covered with a strong growing and vigorous climbing plant. We have distinct recollections of having seen during the past summer vigorous climbing roses threading their way through the branches of some large hollies, the beauty of the rose flowers being considerably enhanced when seen against the dark green leaves of the holly. What again is more beautiful than some of the hand- some clematises when allowed to grow at will through the branches of a tree? Of the climbers that may be used for this purpose many will occur, but to my mind nothing equals climbing roses and clematises. We lose much of the natural grace and beauty of these when they are fastened to houses and walls, on which owing to the enforced restriction they are unable to show their value when in bloom. A rose or a clematis that makes a 12ft. or a 15ft. growth in one year needs plenty of room, and no better, place can be found than a tree which it can ramble over, and bedeck -With blossoms. One thing is all im portant in this plan of treating climbers, and that is at the start to provide a good larder and after a few years (to make up for the probable loss of vigour) to feed well by adding to the sur- face a good mulch of. rotten manure, or if obtain- able some good soakings of diluted 'liquid manure.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS LIME.

In any garden where insects have been troublesome a dressing of gas lime will be an advantage. This, as a rule, can be purchased very cheaply, and if the ground were occasion- ally dressed with it we should hear fewer cora- plaints as to insect pests. Scatter it over the ground and let it lie for a week or two, then fork it in. Let this be done at least three months before any sowing or planting is done so that the lime may have time to become well in- corporated with the soil.—" Wick," in "Firm and Home."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
STRANGE "LOTS" AT )UMBLE SALES.

As the result of a number of gift sales held recently, the Agricultural Relief of Allies Fund now amounts to over £35,000. Among some remarkable " lots " offered last week was' a heifer calf, worth about £2 or £3, which was sold sixty-six times at a Maidstone gift sale on Thursday, and realised £202 for the fund. In all, over £2.000 was raised. At other sales a poor boy's kitten, brought 14s. 6d., a cricket ball used in a match between Kent and Middle- sex last year was sold for 10s. 6c1., and a Berk- shire pig was the means of enriching the fund by over £lOO. The fund seeks to give material help to farmers in allied countries whose farms have been devastated in the war.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
• - •

. NINGToN (Regd. Trade Mark.) - COFFEE ESSENCE - The Coffee Maid, of Symington's, says "No Coffee like mine, I only use • Symington's." Be sure the water is boffin THOS. SYMINGTON & CO., Edsnburgis and London.

eitm, .4%3.1 1.11;410....... .4; 5 tg.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHURCHES.

EVE OF CHRISTMAS.

Carols And Selections From Oratorio.

Beginning with last Sunday, the Churches have been' busy in various directions antici- pating the great Christian festival upon which we enter to-morrow.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
SACRIFICE AND SERVICE.

Never in Greater Demand Than At Present.

At the Friends' Meeting House, Warrington, on Sunday, Mr. D. P. Boyd, of Manchester, de- livered an address on "Sacrifice and Service," in the course of which he traced the Old Testa- ment ideas of sacrifice and compared them with those of the present day. The Old Testament ideas were three-fold—a sacrifice, to secure, and retain the Divine favour; to remove His displeasure; to express gratitude for benefits re ceived.

Sacrifice, to be of ,any practical value: Must be man's spontaneous expression of his need of God, and all such sacrifice inevitably resulted in whole-hearted service to humanity. All sacrifice meant the entrance into a larger life, as well as a clearer conception of God. The highest form of worship of God was shown in service to humanity, as evidenced by the life and character of Jesus Christ, " who went about doing good." Never, perhaps, in the history of our nation had there :been a greater need of sacrifice and service than at the -present. It was not only a question of .giving, but of serving, quoting the following lines from the Holy Grail:— Not what we give, but what we share, For the gift without the giver is bare,

Who giveth himself, with his alms feed three, Himself, his hungering neighbour and me.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
BATTLEFIELD AND HOME.

The Comfort Of The Gospel At All Times And In All SphereS.

A. well-attended meeting of the WS-cliffe was held on Sunday afternoon. The Secretary (Mr. B. Farrar) presided, and spoke 11 few words of thanks on behalf of Mr. Tilling in response to the note of sympathy recently passed to the latter and his family on the . loss, of their daughter, Mrs. Baker. Mr. Farrar also re- turned thanks for. the eleven members of the Brotherhood who are now in training with their regiments, and who had written expressing their gratefulness to the Brotherhood for the Christ- -111118 presents and greetings sent to them. . _Air. William Street delivered a very interest- ing address upon "The Gospel." Ile said that in these days of darkness and sorrow the Gospel just met the needs of the people, while even on the battlefield the soldiers loved to hear the Gospel. Families would shortly be meeting to- gether for the Christmas rejoicing; but in many homes, where the clouds of bereavement bung, they would find it hard to rejoice. Such were the homes which would need the Gospel. The nation .itself needed it, for it meant good news to them. It was indeed good news to him he sPeaker) fourteen years ago, when first he knew ,the Lord. The Gospel, which they loved So much, Was given to us by the death of Christ upon the cross. Deniers of Christ attempted to rob the Gospel of its power and comfort. Only God could explain the _fulness of the Gospel. Mr. Beswiek also took part in ,the meeting. During the service Miss Hipkiss very impres- sively rendered the solos "The Gentle Shep- herd" and "Beyond the Dawn." Mr., W._ H. Payton presided at the organ.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
GERMAN SPIES.

Sweeping Assertions By Mr. William Le Queux.

Mr. , Win. Le QUeux, speakiag recently at Llandudno on the German spy peril in this country, said

It was no exaggeration to say that to-day there were spies of Germany in every walk of British national life. That there were spies in every department of administration was not denied in the House of Colllllloll§. When the Kaiser decided to make war he sent his agents. over to this country. First came those who moved in high society or had money. Thy gained social distinction, became naturalised. Privy Councillors, birthday baronets and M.P.'s. Then came those with 4 little money who ex- .ploited trade, Wormed their way into the com- mercial life of the country, gained social dis- tinction, and took an interest in local politics. Finally there • came Tom, Dick and Harry, the butchers, the barbers, the bakers, and last but no means least the German clerk speaking three or four languages willing to work for a small wage and .who was always clean' and in- dustrious. Since the outbreak of war a great deal had been found out, and one thing was that none of these Germans came to England without- a monthly subsidy. Another was that they, were urged to marry English girls, and when they did so the subsidy was increased. This was -part of the plan for Germanising Eng- land. The Gernian expenditure on' their spy system five years ago was at the rate of t 350,000 a year, then it rose to 3:WAD, and this year the sum voted the secret service was £1,000,000. What be&ime of that money ? It (lid not go into the pockets of the baker and the candlestick maker, but into the Pockets of people higher up in social life. If that was not so, how was it that certain secrets in this year's Budget were known in Frankfort 36 hours before they were disclosed in the House of • Commons. That proved .there were spies in high quarters. The existence of spies in: England was also proved by the fact that details of the damage done dur- ing Zeppelin raids could be .read in Continental newspapers. .Those details (which were per- fectly true were denied to the British public) were sent over to the Continent by spies by signalling and otherwise.

He advocated the internment of all Germans. naturalised or unnaturalised.

Exactly. Medical Student: " What did you operate on that man for?" Eminent Surgeon : " Two hundred dollars." Medical Student: " I mean what did he have?". Eminent Surgeon: "Two hundred dollars."

••••••4••••••••+4,• 04044. + 4 4 : Children' 8 Corner. • • • • .., • Conducted by UNCLE JACK. • :**4•••••••••••40+4,44

Children, Join This Corner! Enter The Competitions! Write Your Best! Always Be Glad! Uncle Jack, " Examiner," Warrington.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
Beyond His Faith.

Senator Beveridge, discussing 'a -political mo'vement that in its sudden overwhelming success had rather embarrassed him, said: " I felt like a good old Ohio pastor.. As Ii came down from the pulpit. one Sunday morn- ing, the sexton said: " Your prayer for rain was soon answered, sir. It's pouring?. "'Dear me, I hope not,' muttered the pastor. 'I came away this morning without an um- brella.'"

===== 0002601_19151225_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS CAROL SERVICE AT WYCLIFFE.

A. B. Gaul's cantata "The Prince of Peace" was presented at. Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday evening, instead of the usual performance.of "The Messiah." . Although not to be compared with Handa's masierpiece, the cantata proved an interesting change. The composer of " Holy City" fame does not attain to the same heights in this work, but cit nevertheless contains some interesting choral numbers, and there are also many good solos. Miss M. H. Atkinson, Miss E. Hewitt, Mrs. J. Smallsha w, Mr.. F. W. Epworth, Mr. J. Poole and Mr. F. Fieldhouse were responsible for the various solo items, and they acquitted themselves in a very creditable manner. Mrs. J. Hawthorn, Mrs. F. W.'Epworth and Mr. H. Hawthorn assisted in the quartet numbers. Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ. There was a fairly good congregation; and the Rev. C. P. Pitt conducted the devotional portions of the service. Collections were taken in aid of the choir fund.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET AVESLEYANS.

Large Congregations To Hear " Messiah " Selections. • At Bold-street Wesleyan Church on 'Sunday night there was a large congregation to hear selections from "The Messiah," given by the choir and a number of talented local soloists. Mr. Geo. Wilde sang the openino. solo, "Cant- fort ye." Miss Whitmore sang "'Behold, a vir- gin," and "0 Thou that tellest," while Miss Brough rendered "For unto us -a child iS born" and "Rejoice greatly." "Then shall the eyes." and "lie shall feed His flock" were ably ren- dered by Miss Kershaw,. Miss Blackburne sang " Come unto Thin." "lie was despised" was given by Miss E. Taylor, and "I know that my Redeemer liveth" by Mrs. A. Booth. Mr. E. IL Pearce sang "Titus saith the Lord" and "Who may abide"; Mr. W. Warburton gave "For behold, darkness," and " The people that, walked in darkness." "lie was cut off" and "Thou didst not leave His soul in hell" were well ren- dered by Mr. J. Clayton, am! "Why do, the nations?" by Mr. E. 11. Pearce. The choruses were sung with much expression by the choir. A special collection was taken on behalf of the Society funds. Mr. Frank Hick- man presided at the organ: Are We Ready Far- Victory? The Rev. Percy meson, who gave an address on 'Are we ready for victery?" said the ques- tion was not Do we want victory? but Are we fit for victory? We say this warfare is 'for spiritual principles. Are we, as a nation, spiritually fit? Until there is a great national cleansing our first prayer ought to be " Cleanse thou me." The question also involved the further consideration—Are we ready to- use victory rightly? ..The use of victory would be not for; the acquisition of territory 'but.,-the crushing of militarism; not for the crushini, of peoples, but the cultivation of- brotherhood. l we succeed in crashing Germany and leave militarism in our midst, then Germany, ap- parently defeated, will have won. . Then are We .as a Church ready? Has the shock of battle roused us to realities? Are we ceasing to live for self and trying. to carry out the ideal of the Christ whose birthday we .are soon to celebrate, to "seek and save the lost?" If we are then as a Church we are ready, and therqt will be a revival 'of personal •holiness in this country which will make her it and ready for victory.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWSEY-ROAD WESLEVANS.

At Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening, a special choral service was very well attended. The choir gave an excellent render- ing of the choruses "Glory to 'God " (Handel), and "From Thy Love as a Father," and of the anthems "Glory •to Thee, My God, This :Night," and "The Day is Past and Over." Madam Sara Silcock. Mrs. Winstanley and Mr. T. E. Hannon, as soloists, sang perfectly. The Rev. W. 'l'. Derry (superintendent' of the cir- cuit) preached a sermon in keeping with the occasion. Mr. George Pendlebury was at the organ.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
CAROLS AT LEGII-STREET PRIMI- TIVE METHODIST CHURCH.

At Legh-strect Primitive Methodist Church on Sunday evening, a large congregation assembled to sing carols. The Sunday preceding Christ- mas is called Carol Sunday at the Church, and on this occasion proved. very • enjoyable, as evidenced by, the ,hearty singing of the congre- gation. Mrs. C. Worthington sang •`..` The Gift" (Behrend); Mrs. A. E. Hoyle, "Angel of Peace" (Stather); Mr. J. .Dakin, "Behold I Stand at the Door" (Jude); while Mr. H. Woodland gave a violin solo. The choir gave a fine rendition of the beautiful Christmas anthem by Shelley„ "Sweetly Through the Night," and the Rev. Young, of Widnes, delivered a brief but interesting ddress suit- able for the occasion. The above items were interspersed with well-known carols, which were much enjoyed by all present. Mr. P., -H. Banner presided at the organ, and Mr'. A. Spruce conducted the anthem..

===== 0002601_19151225_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
Denser.

"On what do you base your assertion that country people are brighter and more intelli- gent than city people?" asked the summer boarder. "Why, here in my almanack," replied Farmer Xedders, "it says in the cities the poptilation i. 43 a lot denser than in the rural districts."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
narhtr Awkward.

"You made a mistake in your paper," said an indignant man, entering the editorial sanctum ,of a daily journal. -" I was one of the competi- tors at an. athletic entertainment Mkt night and you referred to me as the Well-known light-weight champion.' Wow are you ,not?" inquired the sporting editor.l _ .

I'm nothing of the kind!" was, the :angry response.; " and. it's confoundedly awk- -Ward, because Pin a coal dealer."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
F •...s,i: '• .

THE GREAT PREVENTIVE & CURE OF FEVERS & INFECTIOUS DISEASES.

Read FENNINGS' Everybody's Doctor." sent free °n aPplieation to ALFRED FENNINGS, Cowes, LW.

• • SORE THROAT Prczz ;14, .12* WITH ONE DOSE.

CURED

SOLD EVERYWHERE IN BOTTLES AT is. 3d. EACH, WITH FULL DIRECTIONg. IlaaatenalleMSEEMlEMlSZElE=mazzl

===== 0002601_19151225_art0177.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19151225_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
O'rlVN*4.3'

10

VI lir e --;- -".*- ( - N \ , .4! k I

===== 0002601_19151225_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
?Id 'ti;•

A ' _ . _r'

~. -7, , ....::'

THE EXAMINER, S ATCRDAY, DECEMBER Z 5, 191;').

4'...

4041t44,40,40•0.AA ••••*2l)**,-.44, 444 *0.04000444440044)...***.f.0445, 01")+ 4.42'` .00 4, 4+ 44+04,404. o.434l+lo***** +•+++9 •

w

• . - - • • • . _ • _ _ .

===== 0002601_19151225_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
3 WO A, s

Bacon and Bread Fri.ters.

• , 'Bacon , and bread fritters make a good supper course, especially if served with lightly-poached eggs. Take slices from an end of cold boiled bacon, and put them between slices of thin bread. Cut these sandwiches into neat rounds, dip into frying,' batter, and cook in boiling fat until a golden brown. Vile 'high on a hot dish, scatter chopped lean ham over, and serve very hot.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
HERE AND THERE;

Of course marriage improves a man. If you don't believe it, ask his wife.

A masterful husband. is, one who can . compel his wife to do anything she wants to do.

C:hildren learn to tell lies by seeing how grown-ups live them.

The Japanese youth gives his sweetheart, in- stead of an engagement ring, a piece of silk for her sash.

The Erring Hen. ' A Highland woman, selling a hen to her neighbour, was asked: "Is she a good hen; and has she any faults?" Reply: "Aye, Margaret, she has got ne 'fant. She lays a bit egg on the Lord's Day!"

Neither Here Nor There. Politician: "Congratulations, Sarah, I've been elected!' Sarah (with delight): " Honestly ?" • Politician: " What difference dues that make?"

===== 0002601_19151225_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
What She Had Seen.

An English tourist visited Arran, .and being a keen disciple of Izaak Walton, was arranging to have a day's good sport. Being told that the cleg or horse-fly would • suit his purpose admirably for bait, he, addressed 'himself to Kirsty, the Highland servant girl. "I Say, my girl, can you get me some horse-flies?" Kirsty looked stupid, and he repeated his question. Finding that she did not yet comprehend him, he exclaimed, "Why, girl, did you never see horse-fly?"—" Nan, sir," said the simple girl, "but aw wanse saw a coo jump ower a preshipice."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0183.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VISION OF ANIMALS.

Crocodiles cannot distinguish a man at dis- tances 10 'times exceeding their length. Fish are very short-sighted. The vision of most sr- pents is poor, the boa constrictor being able to see no farther than one-third its own length. Some snakes see no farther than one-eighth of their own length. Frogs are better endowed, for they can distinguish objects at 20 times their own length.

The hearing of noarly till reptiles is mix

I worse than their vision. Most of them are quite deaf. The phrase, "deaf as an adder," represetits the careful observation of our fore- fathers.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0184.txt | included=true | included =====
HINTS ON HEALTH.

Useful Information In Popular

Language.

The Use of Olive Oil in the Diet.

, Olive oil may be uscd in cooking in the place of butter, lard, or suet, and for most if not all purposes it .is superior. The only objection is the expense, but, as a rule,' a first class quality of olive oil is less expensive than a first-class grade of butter. The Most popular use of olive oil is in the preparation of salads and of course salad or lucca oil is simply olive oil of'a varying quality. A little olive oil oVer lettuce, cress or tomatoes, with the addition of a little pure lemon jtrice or the merest trace of salt or sugar makes a dressing that is at the same. time both appetising, nourishing and wholesome. . There are very few people who cannot. take olive ,oil with a salad. The oil is equally useful in making a potato, beetroot, or some other vege- table salad, but it is not wise to use the oil too freely in preparing such salads for the table because all people are not equally fond of it. Most varieties of mayonnaise dressing are pre- pared with olive oil, and the same is true of a large Proportion of other salad dressings. In Spain olive oil is used in the place of butter on the bread and is really only a,;matter if custom and taste. Persons who are not accustomed to take olive oil in that sitty dislike it at first, but, after a little practice, come to enjoy it quite as much as they would. ordinary .bread and butter, at least, so we have been told by those who have tried it. Olive oil is really superior to butter in 'being practically sterile and free from microbe organisms when it is .prepared and bottled. But it is well to remember that olive oil like other fats takes up. odours readily, and like butter is liable to spoil, become rancid, and unfit for food. Olive oil is one of the most concentrated of all fuel foods and no food product is a richer source of energy. There is absolutely- no waste, for a good grade of olive oil contains practically no trace of moisture. Weight for weight, compared with sugar, olive oil is:more than twice as valuable as a-souice of heat and energy.—" Good Health."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0185.txt | included=true | included =====
STRICTLY GERM-PROOF.

TL' i-eptic Baby and the Prophylactic lin p Were playing in tho garden wen the Bunny • gambolled up • They looked upon the ,Creature with a loathing undisguised; It wasn't Disinfected and it wasn't Sterilized. ".rhey said it was a Microbe and a Hotbed ot Disease; They steamed it in a vapour of a thousand-odd

• degrees; They froze it in a freezer that was cold as Banished Hope, And washed it in permanganate with carbol- ated soap. In snlphuretted hydrogen they steeped - its wiggly ears, They trimmed its frisky. whiskers with a pair of hard-boiled shears., 'They' donned their rubber mittens and they took it by the hand, And lected it a member of the Fumigated Band.

There's not a Microeoccus in the garden where they play They bathe in pure iodoform a dozen times e day; And each imbibes his rations from a Hygienic Cup, The Bunny and the Baby and.the Prophylactic Pup. —Arthur Guiterman, in " Good Health."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0186.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EXPERIMENT THAT FAILED.

"Mother," said a little boy, "isn't it funny that everybody calls my little brother a bounc- ing baby?" "Why do you think it's funny, William?" asked his mother. "Because when I dropped him in the porch this morning he didn't bounce a bit—he just hollered!"

===== 0002601_19151225_art0187.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT A HORSE ASKS.

Don't ask me to " pack " with blinds on; I'm afraid to, says a horse. Don't lot some blockhead drive me that has less sense than I have.

Don't run me down a steep bill, for if any- thing should give way I might break your neck. Don't whip me when I get frightened or I will expect it next time and may make you trouble. Don't trot me up hill, for I have .you. buggy. and myself to carry. Try running up bill with a load yourself. Don't drive me with " over check on; the sun hurts my eyes and I can't see where to step. It's inhuman and cruel.

'reach me to stop when you say "Whoa,." and this you can do without jerking my -head off or tearing my mouth. It may check me it the lines should drop or break and save a runaway and smashup.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0188.txt | included=true | included =====
Joke Over the Wire.

A lady called up her grocer yesterday ‘morn- ing, but Central gave her a.-local automobile factory by mistake. "Send Me three dozen eggs," she began.

" Pardon me nin'ain," interrupted the auto man " you don't want eggs. You want an automobile. It'll come a lot eheaver."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0189.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAT and GOSSIP.

BY MARJORIE.

Their Maiesties' Greetings to the Troops. Last year the King and Queen presented Christmas cards to the troops on active ser- vice, and it Was the kindly intention of Their Majesties to follow that precedent this Yule- tide. But acting on the advice of 'the military authorities, they have, with much regret, relinquished the idea.. Tbe. transport of mil- lions of cards was more . than the authorities could undertake just now, whilst their distri- bution would have proved. an almost impossible task. Even the work of delivering Christmas and New Year greetings. in this country will be attended by many difficulties, for thousands of women and girls with necessarily little experience, although much good-will, • have lately taken the places of .Men of the regular staff who have joined the _Porces. The foreign mails have increased enormously, and So many letters and parcels are being sent to the various fronts, and to prisoners of war, that it has been found necessary to erect special buildings in London to deal with them.

German-made Toys for Christmas. • • Purchasers of toys as Christmas and New Year gifts would .do well to examine these thoroughly before deciding to buy, for it has been proved that numbers of German-made toys have reached this country- through neutrals, more especially through'.. America. Many are marked made in Germany, • but as the lettering is small, and in German char- acters, it is generally oVerlcioked. •, by pur- chasers. Seeing that a considerable amonni, of British capital has been invested in an attempt to revive, the industry of toymaking in this• country, it is a patriotic duty to encourage British trade, more especially when this em- ployment is one of the few open to so many disabled soldiers. It also enables a number of artists who have been hard hit by the war to make a living, and provides work for women also affected by the war. .

Australian " Billies" In The Dardanelles. Australian soldiers in the • Dardanelles have been cheered by the prospect of Christmas Parcels from home packed in "billies." These indispensable adjuncts to the camper's outfit are used everywhere in Australia for boiling tea over the camp fires. The Australians are inveterate tea drinkers generally, and partake of the cup that cheers five or six times daily.

Unfortunately for the men, " billies " were not included in their kits, but the -need for them was quickly realised on landing. They were supplied from Australia, ,together With all kinds of comforts, in the shape of woollen and other garments. The "billies" were care- fully packed, Christmas and other delicacies being added to the -useful garments, and. the parcels were timed to arrive at their destina- tion during Christmas week. Although Christmas in Australia-, occurs in the middle of the summer, roast beef or turkey, mince pies and plum pudding appear on every table, as in the Old Country, A picnic in some beauty spot is often. arranged for Christmas Day by Australians, who revel in outdoor sports and amusements.

Pioneers In Food Reform. The National Food Reform Association has preached reform in diet for a number of years. The need for economical housekeeping has lately brought their work into prominence, and the association has certainly acted wisely in adding Miss Petty, who has earned for herself • the name of "time pudding lady," to the staff. This lady has recently given a series of lectures in the provinces, where, as in Lon- don, she has advised the making of bread at home. There are, as everyone knows, many kinds of bread; that advocated by Miss Petty is made from wheatmeal and white flour, in the proportion of two-thirds- of the former to one-third of the latter; or half of each may be used. Wheatmeal is to be preferred to -white flour, because it loses none of the valuable constituents of the berry in the preparation. Bread-making at home is usually regarded as impossible, because the process entails so much -trouble and labour, but Miss Petty makes her. staff of life with the aid of soda instead of yeast, thus minimising the work. The result is most satisfactory, time bread is _appetising and inexpensive, and well worth a trial in these days of increasing household expenses.

The Importance of, Line. Frenchwomen have deservedly won for them- selves a wtorld-wide reputation for good dres- sing. Englishwomen equal them in many matters requiring taste, and in their choice of suitable materials and dresses for any time, weather, or occasion. The Frenchwoman, however, scores, because she studies the, lines of her figure and adopts the styles that bring out its good points, and hides its defects. The woman of any nationality- who possesses .the valuable knowledge may earn for herself the Frenchwoman's , reputation, and- yet spend comparatively little money on her wardrobe. The Englishwoman approaching middle age, whose hips are well-developed, more often than

not, increases ,her but too apparent rotundity by puffings and pannier effects—when these are worn—because such styles are fashionable, or white fur is frequently chosen by the short, stout girl or woman, and the whole effect of an otherwise well-thought-out toilette is spoiled. Even a Muff—or, rather, its shape— is capable of distorting the lines of the figure of its wearer; its choice is therefore a matter worthy of consideration. New Hosiery and Footwear.

The short skirt necessarily demands smart hosiery and footwear. Several new devices are shown in stripes, .circles and -checks for the former. Black shoes and hose are in request for afternoon Wear.. Boots get higher every week, but all must fit well round the ankle. Black glace kid is worn again, its only draw- back _being that it stretches, and thus the footwear loses its shape. It is, well, therefore, to choose a tight rather than an easy-fitting pair of boots or shoes of this kid. Louis heels are anoilier revival that .meets with general approvallifor evening wear. A most Hensible and seasonable idea, is the long gaiter of tine black stockinette, shaped like a spat, and covering the front part of the foot, ending like a stocking at the knee. It it quite a smart affair for outdoor wear, providing wannth where it is much needed. The short skirts afford but little protection to feet and limbs; this gaiter, therefore, meets a real need of the hour. More especially will it be wel- comed by Women engaged in war work, and who are often compelled to sit in cold" and draughty rooms for hours together.

Bootlaces and Buckles. Bootlaces 'in place of buttons arc much in evidence as fastenings for the front of dresses, blouses, and boleros. Sometimes both are used, the lacing being merely un extra decora- tion. A very lovely blouse in pale pink was smocked with silver thread and laced in front .with a silver cord. Cloth is largely used .for .the tops ,of high boots, the heels and toes .only being of patent leather. The cloth wears remarkably well, but such footwear is expen- sive, and as a consequence of the war, which affects the incomes oven ,of the rich, more re- pairing is done now, than a couple of years ago. Buckles are worn again on evening shoes and are generally of silver. They add consid- erably .to the price, even when only of white Metal. , But they are a good purchase, because they add so much to the appearance of a shoe. The old-fashioned bUckle is always to be pre- ferred to the modern, anti the lucky possessors of these inconsiderable trifles have now a chance of bringing them out of their hiding- places and wearing them.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0190.txt | included=true | included =====
HOME NOTES.

Profitable Recipes And Useful Suggestions.

Celery Soup. • Use the outer, tough stalks that are not suit- able to be eaten raw, cut them up in small pieces, and simmer in water for three or four hours, or till tender. Towards the last, let the water boil almost away, then put in milk, a little thickening. and salt, pepper and butter. After the .milk is added, great care is needed to keep the soup from burning: It will not do to forget if for a moment. If the milk can be heated scolding hot in a double boiler before it is added to the celery, so much the better. Mutton and Tomato Rice.

Cut some good thick slices of cooked mutton, trim all to the same size, season with pepper and salt, and rub well over with salad oil: then broil over a clear fire. For the tomato rice, spt loz. of butter in a frying-pan and cook in it slowly, a tablespoonful of chopped onion till it smells strongly Then add a teacupful of washed and dried rice, and stir constantly till slightly browned. Take nearly a pint of mashed and strained cooked tomatoes and mix with nearly.the.same quantity of stock. Add this to the rice, &c., in a clean step-pan, season 'highly with pepper and salt, and cook slowly till the rice is perfectly tender and the broth quite absorbed. Just before serving stir in a table- spoonful of butter, and.season to taste. Arrange the rice in a flat mould, witk the boiled mutton in ft circle on it, and round the mould Pour a little thick, rich gravy.

To Boil Fish. The water should be actually boiling. It is then at once drawn to the side of the stove and only allowed to simmer .till the fish is done. Only sufficient water should be allowed to keeP the fish covered, and this water should have added to it a little salt. Remember, from the moment when you bring the water just to the boil it must not boil again. hut only he kept at a gentle simmer, or the outer part of the fish will be broken and over-cooked, while the inner part will be underdone. Especially is this the case with thick fish. Tile general average for fish is oix minutes to the lb., and six minutes over. How to -Cook Plaice.

Plaice should be kept at least 24 hours before cooking. Clean them, cut off their heads, sprinkle them lightly with salt, and hang them up by the tails,, in the open air if possible, for 12 to 24 hours, then dust them with flour, pepper and salt, and broil them over a clear fire, and they are very good. If ..for filleting, skin, trim them into neat fillets, and let them stand. for 2 or 3 hours in a mixture of oil and vinegar (lemon-juice is, nicer); shread onion, parsley, and two or three peppercorns. then either egg and breadcrumb them, and fry them, or tie .them up into shape, and put them in the oven on a buttered tin, with two or three. spoon- fuls of fish stock, a squeeze of lemon-juice, and, if liked, a very little wine; lay a buttered.paper over them, and let them cook about 19 or 12 minutes, then drain them, and serve with any sauce fancied.

Cold Bread and Butter Pudding. • This is a simple but &flan.* sweet when properly made. Cut some slices of thin bread and fresh butter. Rub the bottom of a pie-dish with butter, and decorate it with a star or fancy pattern made of preserved cherries, sultanas and candied peel, or currants and raisins. What-

ever fruit is used should be first dipped in a little melted butter; this. will make it stick well in position. Cut the slices of bread and butter to fit ,the pie-dish, and over each layer sprinkle a little grated nutmeg, castor sugar, sultanas and chopped peel. Over all strain a good custard, allowing three eggs to tho pint of 'milk. Let. there be plenty of liquid, so that the bread may be thoroughly soaked. Leave all for an hour or two, then bake in a slow - oven. Turn out and serve cold with-a good custard poured round the pudding.

Swedish Pudding. Beat four whole eggs until they are foamy Take lb. of butter and the same quantity of powdered sugar and beat it to a cream, in a separate bowl. Pour the -beaten eggs carefully on the butter, mix well, add 111,. of twice sifted flour, flavour with grated vann:a. Steam in th( individual shapes, and erte a wine sauce or a fruit sauce with them.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0191.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW YEAR COMPETITION.

MY DEAR CHILDREN,— We have now reached the Christmas holiday-s, and I hope you will have a .happy time—with prospects of a still happier time next year. caused by the return of your fathers awl brothers from Ihe war.

We had no competition last week, so that after a rest, and with plenty of time on your hands, this week's contest ought to be a really good one. You have thought and said all that little people can be exitected to think and say about Christmas, so we will have a change of subject. Next week we enter upon another year, and I shall have great pleasure,. in giving a nice book prize to the boy or girl who.writes me the best letter on

===== 0002601_19151225_art0192.txt | included=true | included =====
The Old Year and the New Year.

As you grow up,. you will find that it is a custom to make promises to oneself to be better during the coming year than one has been in the past, and to expuct better times in future than those through. which 0116 has alre:ady passed. 4 shall be glad to see how my 'young

nephews and nieces can think and write upon such a subject.; It is not a difficult subject when tackled in earnest, and you are getting quite expert letter writers now. So let us have a good collection of essays with which to start the New Year. You see I 'dm looking ahead myself for an improvement even in the Children's Corner, which most people think excellent already. But New Years are made principally to allow us to improve upon the old, and I hope you will all do your best in every way to see that idea carried into effect.

"A happy Christmas and a glad New Year" is the greeting of

Your UNCLE JACK

A FISH'S TAIL.

A fish's tail is its wings. 'Owing to the machinery of muscle set along its spine and to its cleaving form, a •trout or salmon can dart through The water at a tremendous pace, though its rapid flights, unlike the bird's, are not long. It is soon tired. The water is not so friendly 40 flight as the air. The stroke of tlic fish's tail is one of great power, and by means of it and tho writhing, snake-like flection of the body, high speed is reached. The strength behind this 'speed is shown in the way in which a :fish or sea-mammal out of the water will raise itLi tail and strike the ground or boat.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0193.txt | included=true | included =====
Christmas Little Folks.

THE LOST PLUM. PUDDING

it was a vcry jolly Christmas dinner alto- gether. Paul the Polar Bear sat at the, head of the table and did the carving, his family and their friends the Esquimaux children, who lived next door, sat round, and Pat and Patter, the little Arctic foxes, waited on them. The snow house was very comfy, and Mrs. Paul Polar had decorated it most beauti- fully, and the only, sad thing that happened was the plum pudding getting frozen to the dish. Paul tried so' hard to get, it off that he broke the dish, and the pudding jumped right off the table. Everyone scrambled after it. They looked under the table, all over the floor, behind the pictures, and inside the Chinese lanterns, but no pudding could they find. , Little Peter Paul Polar began to cry, and all the Esquimaux children from next door said good-bye and went home, because they wouldn't stay to eat a Christmas dinner with no Christmas pudding: Paul Polar grew more and more savage, and Pat and Patter went pitter-pattering all over the house to get out of his way, and to try to find the missing pudding. Now they had all forgotten about Blabb the pet seal, who had been lying under the table to pick up any scraps. When the pudding fell he bad caught it in his mouth, and hurried away in the' ‘onfu- sion to eat it.

THE CHILDREN'S STOCKINGS.

"Wake up! Wakeup!" said Joy( e to her little brother Roger. s "What's the matter ? " asked Roger, rub- bing his eyes sleepily. "It's Christmas Don't you remember? " whispered Joyce. "And oh! I do really be- lieve Santa Claus has come. Ssh ! Don't wake Nurse. Shall we tell Boobies and Baby Bunting too?" Roger was out of bed in a moment, punch- ing and pummelling his baby brothers to wake them up. Baby Bunting began to cry —he wasn't used to being waked up like that, and especially in the middle of the night.

"Santa Claus has come! Wake up, silly !" said Roger in a very loud whisper. Baby Bunting stopped crying, and Roger helped him out of his cot.

"Oh, dear! I know Nurse will wake up," said Joyce. "And then what should we do?' But just then Roger struck a match and lit the candle. "Why," he said, looking at the big empty bed, "just fancy! Nurse hasn't come to bed yet!" Then all the children rushed off to the fireplace, where Nurse had hung up all their stockings in a row; and, oh! those stockings were so bulging full! There was the prettiest doll for Joyce, and a Teddy Bear for Roger. a Golliwog for Boobies, and a rabbit with pink eyes for Baby Bunting,, all staring at them out of the tops of the stockings. "Oh, I wish we could get them down!" sighed Joyce "Wouldn't it be lovely ! " Suddenly Boobies gave a little frightened scream. "Dere's Santa Claus lookin' in at do window!" he said. All the children looked round. It was only the big moon shining in; and Joyce and Roger began to laugh. "But I seed him make a face at me, I did," said Boobies, crying. "A nasty, horrid face."

Then the door opened, and in came Nurse. "Oh, you naughty, naughty children ! " she cried. "I thought you were all fast asleep. Why, it's only the beginning of the night. It's not Christmas Day for a long time yet." But somalow she couldn't be cross so near to Christmas, so she tucked them all up in their beds.

"I'm sure it was Santa Claus I seed look- ing at us through the window," said Boobies sleepily, "and he was making a face at us because we were naughty children, wasn't he: Nurse?"

"Very likely." said Nurse ; "but let him find you all asleep when he comes back this way."

And the moon still smiled in at the children.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0194.txt | included=true | included =====
PASSING THE TIME.

I put flip clock on 'half an hour When nobody was by— Why does time go so slowly when You'd like- the hours to ? And if you promise not to breathe A word, I'll tell you -why. I watched the hands most carefully, The large one and the small— The first goes fast enough sometimes, But now it seemed to crawl; The other didn't even seem To try to move at all.

It. made me feel so CTOFS, Itould Have given it a knock. "Make haste," I said, "and burry up, Do, there's a dear old clock! To-morrow you can take your time." It only said, "Tick! tock!" I haven't told you why I put The clock on yet,- you say? . Why, don't you see it was to help The time to pass away And bring to-morrow here? Because To-morrow's Christmas Day!

===== 0002601_19151225_art0195.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMING OF SANTA CLAUS.

"Alt, but it is not always Santa Claus who comes!" Madame Dubee said, lifting her finger. "Other people have reindeer belides, and pretend to bring you presento." "What other people?" Georgette asked timidly.

"'ricer() is the Wolf-man for one," Madame said. "Nights like these, when the wind drives tho snow against the • windows and rumbles in the chimney, he knocks at many doors, and everywhere the wolves follow him. Ono night I heard a knockinc, at the door, and • when I went to open it I saw a tall man in a wolf-skin cloak, with the hood drawn over his head. But in the shadow of the hood I saw eyes that glittered. "'What do you want'' I asked him. " To give each one of your children a present,', he said. 'I am Santa Claus.' " I have no children,' I said, and quickly shut the door and drew the lijg bolt, be- cause out beyond him across tile snow I saw the shining of many eyes, and I knew they were the wolves, who never leave the Wolf- man for a second."

Just as she finished speaking there came a knock at the door. Even Madame Duboe 6hivered a little, and when the knock came again, louder than before, she wished she had not spoken to the children about the wolves.

Bnt when (she went to the door and opened it, there was no one but a poor old man bent double with the cold.

And though he ticemed so old and weak, vet Madame Duboc did not trust him when be asked her to let him come in and warm himself by the fire. And ho wore a hood over his head, which made Madame think of the Wolf-man. She was just going to shut the door in his fare when little Fifine called out:

"Oh, no no, Granny! Ire is so cold, and perhaps so very hungry too! We can't leave the poor old man outside in the cold and the snow." _ _

And before Madame Duboc could stop her, she had seized the old beggar by the hand and pulled him into the room. And then the very oddest thing happened. The old man straightened himself up, and threw his cloak away. • And then, what do von think the children saw? They saw a tall, handsome man in a beau- tiful suit of black velvet trimmed with silver fur, and carrying a great big velvet bag, which was most beautifully lumpy. And in it Ito had brought a preKui for everybody, even for Madame. Her present was a pair of spectacles. "If von. these," 1— said,. "—"n will see so etearT"frat you lan -never turn poor people away who come for shelter to your door. I think your sight has grown a little dim."

And then he went out quickly. And in the pauses of tho wind the chil- dren heard clearly the sound of reindeer bells.

Many a coward manages to bo an the -vic- torious side, whilo oft-times the 'real hero is found aniong the honest losers. ,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0196.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1905 AND 1915.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0197.txt | included=true | included =====
A Warrington Comparison.

Two statements made by the Same Warrington resident are given here. One was made nine years befere the other. 'Compare the two, and then ask yourself—", Could better proof her'

On September 11th, 1905, Mr, 'l'. liigby, of 121, Church-street, near the Training College for Girls, Warrinuton, said:—" Through having to work in. all weathers I became subject to pains in my back., which were sometimes so bad that I could scarcely get about. I was almost afraid to stoop, for it was a difficult matter to. straighten myself up again. "For three years I took different medicines, but with no good results. It was differe'nt, how- ever, when I started with Doan's Backache Kidney Pills; they did in° good from the first, and brought me back to health. I am thankful for flip benefit I derived from Doan's Pills, and shall do all. I can to make them more widely known. (Signed) T. Rigby." On March 12th, 191.—C—”rer nine nears later—Mr. Rigby said:—" Doan's Pills did me lasting good, and I have nothing to complain of so far as my health is concerned now."

Dean's Pills. are helpful in all kidney and bladder troubles, such as inflammation, stone, gravel, rheumatism, dropsy, sciatica, &c., and are widely recommended for curing these .corn- plaints. They att directly upon the kidneys, healing the delicate membranes, and giving tone and vigour to the kidney action. Uric acid fleposits and waste fluids are quickly flushed out of the system, when the kidneys are well again. Price 2/9 a box, of all dealers, or from roster- McClellan Co.. 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W. Don't ask for backache or kidney pills—ask distinctly for Doan's Backache Kidney Pills, the same as Mr. Rigby had.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0198.txt | included=true | included =====
FORTY YEARS ON THE LINE.

Railwaymen's Recognition Of

Comrade's Services.

I,ItEsTATATION OF A CHEQUE.

At a meeting of the local branch of the National Union of Railway- men, held at .the Co-operative Hall on Sunday afternoon, Mr. W. Adams, tho chairman of the local branch, was presentzqi with a cheque as a recognition of his long ser- vices in the Union. In the absence of Mr. J. A. Seddon, who had been called to Scotland for the 'week-end; the Mayer of Warrington (Alder man Peter Peacock) occupied the chair. The Mayor said that lie was always willing to help the Society with which many of his Into colleagues had been connected. They were called together that afternoon to make a presentation to Mr. Wm. Adams, the chairman of the local branch of the Society. Mr. Adams had been connected with the Society for 25 years, and the Society, had sent him a cheque for =.5. The district branch had sent him a gold chain and a gold medallion. . • The Mayor then handed the gifts to Mr. Adams, amidst loud 'applause. A short address was given by Mr. Rrassington, the district secretary, who said that he was very pleased to be associated with the presenta- tion to Mr. Adams'. Many people believed that when the war was over the country would pass through a period of trade depression. Other people believed that the country would ex- perienecs a period of prosperity; but no one coull gauge exactly what the position would be after the war. This war had been so peculiar, so novel and strange and so gigantic in its pro- portions that it would be fatal for anyone to act the part of a prophet. Without taking any party position, there were problems that would have to be solved in the future. One would be blinding himself if he thought that there would be no industrial struggles after the war. The great industrial-problems had not been settled and the war would not settle them, tliough per- haps the war would teach many things. Ire wanted people to look forward without pre- judice. Mr. Adams also gave a short address. He spoke of his early associations with the Society. He said that his railway career had come,to an end, and he was glad that the time had come when he could retire; for when a man had had 40 years in a:signal box he. bad had sufficient. (Hear, hear, and applause.) He thanked the Society for its gift.

Man Of Many Legs. A young officer at the Front wrote home to his father : "Pelt- rather,—Kindly send me fifty pounds at once. Lost another leg in a stiff engagement, and am in hospital. without means."

The answer was as follows: "My Dear Son,— As this is the fourth leg you have lost (accord- ing to your letters), you ought to he used to it by this time. Try and hobble along on any others you may have left!'

The Matrimonial Circle. Contains hundreds genuine advertisements, appeal- ing all classes ladies and gentlemen (many in good social poeition); post free, 6d., sealed envelope.— Editor, 18, Hogarth-road, Earls Court.

SEND nine penny stamps to Newball & Mason, Nottingham, and they will send you a bottle of Mason's Ginger Wine Essence which makes - One Gallon Ginger Wine with the addition cf lump sugar •

All who apply before December 31st will receive a Neat Money Box, which makes a Useful Gift for the

_ Children. A bottle of Ginger Wine Essence would make an errellent gift for the men at the front.

eep tiv) Young "OK" Eli-IDES

(Entire verses and chorus on one Slide, Provide an enjoyable entertainment in your Home in which a I the members participate. OK" Slides 'projected from an ordinary magic lantern on to a wall, a blind, or screen ENABLE ALL TO SING the most popular and up-to-late sougs, whilst the piano, gramaphone cc any other musical nrument is being played. • Provide the most delightful enter- ' nonceivab'e, a,.1 are indispensable at Social r'anet,ions a- home pertiec. Fnch O} Y' Slide is a complete song. Price 2/-. They are patented, unburnable, unbreakable. Wr'te for pamphlet des-ribine err Lon'e,z, an,l Lihrar.v of Snnes In: THE "OK" COMBINE SLIDE AGENCY Ltd., Depart. 8, Gloucester Mamione, Cambridge Circus, Shafteahury Avenue. W.C. -

-- ~,; ow"' ~1, • - • . r ' ' :.,,.e.l,-e • . yinti.p• t 4r1,3 yr, c. ~.. • rein ,4.1 'aril lie pi 6. ' iffi::: / ••• !„ ,„., .. ...:, ;: ~ ..,..• 04 t .10 t`.o.'. •• 4." t'..• • '" "" ...64 Q Rs' $ . ~,- 4 ,• •,.. • ;Pl:rm. ImitVi,s Art NI:: .. '' ' • i . 4 • ~I, i• , • . ' 1 • . . '4ii.g. 1 tiA 4 . at 0....... ~, . • -.44 tls vs ~ .... ...2,....., ........,,,,.. ' ,l .t. ~1 e t-tt M* . Ci ,Att ' K Pooplo at Home. ,1

ins,. They tainment et F Slit''

===== 0002601_19151225_art0199.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-,'

===== 0002601_19151225_art0200.txt | included=true | included =====
.6."1" 4". • • a: xia• : • - /4 ' • • • 111 110 • • ,4•4".•

a . • ia. • • , -sr I ox• • 111, • • t •

===== 0002601_19151225_art0201.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

A Foreword. They watched their flocks, those shepherds in the East; We Warringtonians take it not Ohara: We sleep on our's; then rising (like the yeast), Think of our friends and usual Christmas card.

Those anxious shepherds held their nightly meetings • Because they feared attack by savage "bist"; I don't, who now send seasonable greetings, Yours truly, An Old Journalist.

Supplementary. Ought one to apologise for a thing like that? I'll narrate instead a little domestic incident Of the bygones. When my daughter was a tiny tot, she laboriously produced a simple rhyme of four lines, and in handing it to me said with serious countenance, "Please don't laugh; my very own." Perhaps that may serve my present turn.. Anyhow, longsuffering readers must allow that I have not troubled them with anything of this kiwi for quite a long while. And at all events the greetings are genuine and heartfelt, for I owe much to my readers' forbearance.

A Vegetarian en the Turkey. That is quite a nice reference to our favourite Christmas bird which the Rev. A. M. Mitchell makes in his current Parish Magazine. "Toothsome," "tasty," and so on, eh? I rather wonder that while he was about it, the good Vicar did not tell his people how the turkey came to take the place of the boar's head. Is it not, evidence that we are progressing in the direction he desiderates? The truth of the matter—l remember a contemporary noting it' years ago—is that the turkey first usurped the boar's head in popular favour owing to the dislike of James I. to pork, as a result of which the old-time dish was banished from Royal circles when that monarch came to the English Throne. The same writer was at some pains to show, moreover, that the turkey has some con- nection with the boar, through its scientific name " Meleagris." The famous naturalist Linne first gave it this name, deriving it from the mythical story of Meleager. Meleager's association with the Christmas bird of the moderns, however, is not very creditable. Having achieved fame by slaying the wild boar which was devastating his father's kingdom of Calydon, he disputed with his uncles over the ownership of that animal's skin, and settled the argument by killing them also. Thereupon his mother -compassed his death, and the goddess Artemis rounded the family business off by changing Meleager's sorrowing sisters into guinea-fowl. My authority added that Linne mistakenly assumed the turkey to be a guinea- fowl, and derived the name " Meleagris " from the guinea-fowl sisters of the hero of the Calydon boar incident.

Toothsome and Tasty. Perhaps, after all. Mr. Mitchell was not aware that the turkey is as a prime ,Christmas dish descended (so to put it) from the boar's head. However, he is good enough to concede that the flesh is " toothsome" and " tasty," "savoury and juicy." That may well be so, considering the extreme care exercised in tfie bird's upbringing. Eiperts tell us that a young turkey is one of the Most delicate things on earth. A sudden chill—even ever so slight a one—spells death to him. An. average breeder thinks himself lucky if he raises 60 per cent. of those hatched out. I know not how it may have been since the Germans worked such havoc on the European Continent, but I read some years ago that on farms that make a speciality of breeding turkeys for the English Christmas markets, thanks to unremitting attention, as many as 90 to 95 per cent. of chicks are reared. They are—or at any rate were when conditions were normal—fed at first with sweet, fresh meal. golden .delicious custard made of egg and milk in equal proportions, and gently physicked twice a week with dandelion milk. Later on they were stuffed with ground pea-flour mixed with olive oil, wheat boiled in milk, and cold, boiled chestnuts, ground up and made into a paste by the addition-of milk or cream. Mr. Mitchell will no doubt remark with satisfaction that the turkey's food is wholly vegetarian; for the moment, however, I am merely concerned in accounting for the savoury, juicy, toothsome, and tasty chavacter of its flesh. I may just add, then, that during the last few weeks ,of the bird's mundane existence, he is given daily doses of a weak solution of vinegar and water—to make his flesh tender—and is hunted about the "exercise yard" by boys paid for the purpose, for twenty minutes or so each day, with a simi- lar end in view. I suppose that, after all this. the reader will enjoy his turkey none the less.

" The Messiah." The time-worn strains of " Gran'fer " Handel's übiquitous oratorio, which. had rever- berated throughout the week, attracted untiring devotees to the Parish Church for the perform- ance by the leading musical organisation in these parts last evening. A friend of mine expresses amazement that "The Messiah" continues time after time to emerge triumphantly from the onslaughts of modern interpreters, but the point is not for 'local application. The fact that the performing members of the Warrington Musical Society are trained studiously- to avoid sensational readings of the work is to be counted unto them for righteousness. Bachelorhood.

In a " Here and There" paragraph last week, the question of choice between a rich bachelor and a rfth widower was raised to the disparage- ment of the former. Eighteen years ago I made the acquaintance of a confirmed bachelor who, being of a decidedly literary turn, compiled and published a book on the subject of my. head- line. I am beginning to took for a revised and up-to-date edition, for the author has (pre• sumably) enjoyed eighteen more years of Single blessedness since he was first inspired to write on this interminable. theme. A Lively Example.

Holding University degrees, my old friend is, of course, an eminently respectable person— sober, staid, quiet-spoken, a typical old bachelor of the middle class. On Saturday night I accidentally found myself in the company of a specimen .of another order. He confided to .me that he lived alone, and did all for himself. Then -he had to make his own are, I inferred. As to that, he explained, he really only re- quired one on Sundays, as when he was about his ,business during the week he took his meals at restaurants (I had met him in one and we chatted thus over tea). But what 'about house- cleaning, I persisted. Ah, well, he admitted, he was obliged now and again to attempt a little sweeping and (lusting and tidying up. "Still, You see," he hastened to add, visibly brightening, "I'm not nearly so particular as some. Take bed-making, for instance. I sup- pose there are people who make their beds daily, whereas I think nothing of tumbling into the hole I Made yesterday or even some days befor that. Sleep? You bet! But I must have my pipe, whatever else. It's last thing at night and first next morning. Eh? Why, yes, if you must have it, I do smoke in bed sometimes. What? Ought to have a woman about the place? Nay, nay; I've had troubles enough of my own without that. If I'd been married—no, it won't bear thinking about; good Lor— i+, good-night, if you're off." As I hurried away to catch my train for home, I thought how that lonely, if cheerful, old bachelor was doomed to spend Christmas, and I envied him not. lam 'Old, 'too—reckoning by years, that is —but, like " The Examiner" little folks' .Editor, I " take a. great interest in children and all that they do." May they all have as good a time as possible this -Cliristmastide.

It is no use praying over Greenland's icy mountains as long as you look like a permanent frost.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0202.txt | included=true | included =====
1.17,

, • : t, ...„... , 1 i ; • ri' . ''''''

I I I, ,

jf.

1' •

IP 11

- , --. if.. • A leo, .•-,,m• 1 1 ' •;.; t . 1 ; V. • 4. ti.l) - , .t. . fl:. i ' : ' kt* : 1 ~ _ i 1 i i %5" ..• - , ~ ..,..

===== 0002601_19151225_art0203.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19151225_art0204.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19151225_art0205.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SCOTCH VERNACULAR.

Local Descriptive Words That Have Historical

===== 0002601_19151225_art0206.txt | included=true | included =====
Value.

SHORT STUDY IN DIALECTS.

BY C. E.

In a former paper I made it clear that the Scotch were descended from the same parent stock as the English, and that the Scots from whom the country derived its name were members of a comparatively small Celtic tribe that originally came from Ireland and occupied a portion of Western Scotland. To some extent they mingled with the Lowland Scotch. From the proportion of words in the Scotch dialect of Celtic origin we conclude that the Celts, which included the Scots, did not form any large -proportion of the Scotch people, except, of course, in the fringe in the west and north. The Lowland Scotch were of Teutonic origin, mainly Saxons, who came direct front the Continent, and were after- wards augmented by Saxons, who had pre- viously settled in England. It is the language of these that is known as Scotch.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0207.txt | included=true | included =====
SCOTCH AND ENGLISH LANGUAGE FROM SAME PARENT STOCK.

The Scotch dialect has therefore for its basis the Anglo-Saxon language as spoken and written during the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, when the mixed language of Eng- land, which had hitherto been in a state of flux, was. beginning to assume a settled form. This was largely the result of the introduc- tion of printing. Scotch poets contemporary with our English Chaucer wrote in very much the same language. A . Scotchman, and for that matter one conversant with the Lanca- shire and other English dialects, can under- stand Chaucer better than the ordinary Eng- lish reader. This implies that in the dialects we have the original English better preserved than in our modern speech. We see then that dialects, instead of being, as some think, mere vulgarisms, springing up locally, are in reality formed from the early English, and have altered less than our ordinary speech.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0208.txt | included=true | included =====
IDENTITY OF EARLY ENGLISH AND SCOTCH WORDS.

The following early English and Scotch words are identical or very similar, and these words, whichl think are all of Saxon origin, are not now used in our modern speech. attach the moderg English to explain the early words: Wrocht, wrought; spak, spoke; twa, two; lave, the remainder; shone or shoon, shoes; eyen or een, eyes; mon, man; shawes, woods; mak, makes; Berk or sark, shirt; delve, dig; baith, both; biggin, house; bigg'ed, built; sicher, sure; fecht, fight; folk, people; •neive (nek, Shakespeare), fist; gowans, daisies, also called " daye's eyes," from which- we get daisy. These are a few words picked out in reading a few early Eng- lish poems. There are, of course, very many more. •

===== 0002601_19151225_art0209.txt | included=true | included =====
FRENCH WORDS IN SCOTTISH DIALECT.

Many French words were introduced into the Scotch vernacular through the close asso- ciation between the two countries when Scot- land .was a separate kingdom. Several place names in Scotland are derived from the French. The Scotch tongue also owes some- thing to the Scandinavian, of which the Danes were a branch. There are also a few Gaelic words that have been incorporated. We may consider the Teutonic Saxon as the main source and stream, and the French, the old Norse, with its various branches, and the Celtic, as smaller streams that have joined the main one in making the language. When all these sources have allocated to them their contributions we find they -cover nearly the whole vernacular, and few Scotch words have come to birth in Scotland itself. No doubt new. words had to be introduced to describe new things, natural or manufactured, but the new words have not been distinctly Scotch, but have been those common to our language as a whole. For example, we would not expect the Scotch to invent a differentr name for phonograph, automobile, or aeroplane. I am more convinced, the more I look into the subject, that dialects .are not the outcome of the locality in which they are found, but grew from roots that go far back into the past; hence they have an historical value not gener- ally accorded to them. ThefolloWing words indicate the tributary streams to which I have 'referred

French. Scotch. English. Assiette Asbet , A large plate Bouie Bools Marbles Bossu Bowsie Bandy-legged, crook- backed Cadet Caddie (golf) Originally younger son, then messenger Cliquet Cleek (golf) A hook Contre Conter Oppose Craquer Crack To talk, to talk boast-

ingly Commere Cummer A neighbour Dressoir Dresser Kitchen sideboard Gare de reau Gardyloo Look out Gauche Gawky Awkward Haulier • Hash A sloven, to cut care- lessly Hachis Haggis Minced meat, especially applied to mince meat cooked in a sheep's stomach - Leal Leal Loyal Mauvis Mavis Thrush Merle Merle Blackbird Poche Pooch Pocket Troc Troke Exchange Dour Dour Sulky Coup Cowp Overturn Gigot Gigot The thigh, hind leg of mutton

To the Danish Scotland owes several place names and a few ordinary words, such as gar, to make; greet, to shed tears; also to the Celtic, Inver, confluence of waters; Inverness, Crag, Loch, Dun, etc.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0210.txt | included=true | included =====
EXPRESSIVE SCOTCH WORDS.

Some Scotch words are very expressive, and this can best be realised in poetic setting, and we will try'and find some examples. The word Wimple is expressive, and takes

===== 0002601_19151225_art0211.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VILLAGE WHITELEY.

Drors 'Feet, Lames Grammar, Sells Intoxxikating Likkers. Mr. Thos. Shepherd, of Bournemouth, sends to the " Pharmaceutical Journal " a copy of the wording on an amusing signboard, the original of which is said to be preserved at Falutouth. As the reproduction of the reprinted announce- ment may have a tendency to raise our spirits in these gloomy times, we offer no apology for pre- senting the quaint record of bygone commercial enterprise to our readers:— " Roger Giles, Surgin, Parish Clark, Settle- master, Grosser and ilundertaker, Respectably informs ladys and gentlemans that' he drors teef without waiting a minit, applies laches every hour, blisters on the lowest "tams, and . vizicks for a penny a peace.. He sells Gods- fathers kordales, huts horns, bunyons, doctors hosses, clips donkies wance a month, and undertakes to look after everybody's nayls .by the ear. Joesharps, penny wissels, brass kanelsticks, fryinpans, and other mosica I hinstruments hat greatley reydooced figers. Young ladies and gentlemen lames their grammar, and languedge in the purtiest mannar, also grate care taekn off their morrels and spelling. Also zarm singing, tayching base vial, and all other sorts of fancy work, squadrils, pokers, weazels, and all country dances tort

at home and abroad, at perfecksun. Per- fumery and snuff in all its branches. As times is cruel bad I beg to tell ee that i has just beginned to sell all sorts of stashonery ware, cox, hens, vouls, pigs and all other kinds of poultry, blackinbrishes, herrins, Exiles, scrub- bin-brushes takel and godly bakes and bibles, misetraps, brick-dist, wsihker seeds, morrel pokkerankerchers, and all zorts of swatemaits including titters, sassages, and other. garden stuff, bakky, zizars, lamp oyle, tay kitties, an:l 'other intoxxikating likkers, a dale of fruit, hats, - zongs, hair oyle, pattins, bukkits, grindin stones and other aitables, kerne and bunyon zalve, and all hardware, I as laid in a large assortment of trype, dogs mate, lolipops, gingerbeer, 'notches and other pikkles, such as 'hepsorn salts, hoysters, Winser sope, anzetrar. Old rags bort and sold here and nowhere else, new laid eggs by me Roger Giles, zinging burdes keeped, such as howles, donkies, paykox, lobsters, crickets, also a stock of celebrated brayder. P.S.—I tayches geography, ritmitmetic„ cowsticks, jim- nastics, and other Chynees tricks."

Two Ways of Saying It. " Then I am to consider myself rejected?" asked the young suitor. "You are to consider your proffer of mar- riage returned with thanks and the regret that it is impossible at this time to accept it," said the daughter of the magazine editor.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0212.txt | included=true | included =====
ARK ER.

the place of the long English word meander- ing in the following from Burns :

While waters wimple to the sea While day breaks in the lift sae he, Till clay cauld death shall bin ray e'e Ye shall be my .dearie.

This verse introduces another interesting word, the Lift, meaning the heavens, and it expresses the same thought as the word heaven, i.e., heav-en up, lifted up. "And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firma- ment; and it was so. And God. called the

firmament heaven." . . . Is it not true that

God on this throne is • Eldest of poets. Unto His measure Moveth the whole?

The word Did is a good one and better than the English equivalent vibrate. We find it used to describe the funny-bone, and this in Scotch is the dirlybane. In the English dia- lects we have the word Dither, which is quite as descriptive as dirl. Note the force of dirl in Burns' " Tarn O'Shanter " :

At winnock-burn in the east, There sat old Nick, in shape o'beast; A towzie tyke, black, grim and large, To gi'e them music was his charge; lie iecrewed the pipes and gart them skirl, Till roof and rafters a' did dirl!

"At Winnock-bunker " means that the Devil sat playing the bagpipes on the window- seat to the east in the ruined church.

Roof and rafters suggest another interest- ing word connected with a building. Riggin is the ridge of a house, a riggin tree is the ridge piece, possibly allied to the rigging of a ship. The word Bonnie has almost become Anglicised; it conveys more than pretty and rather less than beautiful. •

The word Gloamin' for twilight has always been a favourite Scotch word; it seems to whisper its meaning. I used to think this word peculiar to the Scotch, but have dis- covered, what appears to be its original in an early English poem, and used for twilight in the form Of Gloome coming from Anglo-Saxon Glom. Gloom and twilight are naturally allied. In the Lancashire we have three poetic picture terms for the same.' Edge o', ncet, Eawl-leet .(owl light), and Neet-fo (night fall). The coming of darkness has often been ex- pressed as the falling of night, but lacking a single word it has to be expressed in English at length: The shades of night were falling fast, As through an Alpine village passed. The tern' " tak-tent," to take heed, • Tak tent olrath and heed this well, The man that sins maks his ain hell. Tak-tent is no doubt related to the .early English Tentaiu, meaning taking care Of. • Hound Billy's curly head all fairies play,

Tentain his little bed till break of dui. A tenter in Scotland is one who looks after or takes care of a number of looms.

I cannot understand why the early English To-morn got altered into to-morrow. If we speak of to-day, why not of to-morn ? • Hinder-yeir in early English means the behind year, and the Scotch Yestreen stands for yesternight or yesterday night.

Yestreen there were four Monies. This nicht there'll be but three.

Mornin'-side, meaning the East, is" common in early Etiglish, Scotch and Lancashire.

An' a pratty bit of garden greawand, O'th mornin'7,side o'th fowd.—Waugh.

The Scotch and Lancashire word Lippen suggests a couthie thought, which we lack in the English equivalent trust. I find I have unconsciously used the Scotch word " couthie," which is a good one and. means tender—and something more—a comforting tenderness. This suggests a similar word, Cantie, which means cheery.

0! could some cantie word o' mine, But mak. yer careworn faces shine, Or cause the hairts in grief that pine, To throb wi' pleasure; Then wad my cup to auld lang syno Fill to .its measure.

Yird-earth (early English) and Kirk-yard (Scotch) mean a burying-place. Church cemetery, conveying the idea of a sleeping- place in its Latin origin, is appropriate, but it is somewhat soulless unless you have in mind the root thought. The poetic expres- sion, " God's Acre," is beautiful, but scarcely accommodates itself as a definite name. The Scotch' Laverock and the Lancashire Layrock for the lark are good; both spring from the early English Leverock. „

The laverock• shuns the palace gay, And o'er the cottage sings; For nature smiles as sweet I ween, To Shepherds as to Kings.—Burns.

When th' layroeks finished his work aboon An' laid his music by, Ile feathers deawn to his mate, an' stops Till dayleet stirs i'th sky.—Waugh. ,

The word Oxter means armpit or arms; we have both in early English and Scotch. " Tak the bairn up in yer oxter "—take the child up in your arms. I cannot trace the origin of this uncouth word beyond the early Eng- lish. Can any of my readers help? The word Stour has no exact equivalent in English. It means dust, but dust in motion. Dust at rest is not stour. I think the word comes from the Scandinavian.

The word Burnewin, as applied to a black- smith, is a pleasing fancy; being interpreted it means burn-the-wind. After the burping of the wind with the coal has made the iron hot and soft.

Then Burnewin comes on like death

At every champ

===== 0002601_19151225_art0213.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Wo ;

===== 0002601_19151225_art0214.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1915. SHEPHERD LIFE IN THE EAST.

Lecture By Mr. A. Mounfield On The Habits Of Long Ago.

different meanings. They must be read in the light of the ninth chapter, and the story there told of .the excommunicated man. The saying "All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers" must be read not with reference to time. but to position., It did not mean that _ _

Moses and the prophets were false .hirelings, but that any who claimed to be before him in point of authority 'and position were to be rejected. lie was making the stupendous claim that lie was the supreme Shepherd, whose voice would call all men into one great flock. Of that flock Ile would be the guide, and would lead to "life more abundantly."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0215.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW LIGHT ON OLD TEXTS.

The concluding lecture of a series of eight was•given by Mr. A. Mounfield in Friars' Green Schoolroom on "Shepherd Life in the East." The imagery of the sheep and the shepherd, said Mr. Mounfield, were woven into many memorable passages in the Bible, and meta- phors and stories touching shepherd life marked almost every book within it. This came about because the Bible belonged largely to the simple life of the past. In the earliest days depicted in the Scriptures men were farmers and shep- herds. Agriculture supplied food and the sheep's wool provided raiment. Life was simpler and wants were fewer. Wealth was counted V flocks and herds. The sheep of Bible lands differ from the sheep of our own ,(lay. They were not reared for slaughter, but for the growing of wool. Hence they were kept as long as possible. They became the companions of the shepherd and received pet names, as do the horses of our own day.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0216.txt | included=true | included =====
HERDMEN AND HIRELINGS.

In view of the many references to herdmen and hirelings in the Bible, it was worth while to take careful note of the usages of the past. The owner of the sheep did not usually tend them. He was, perhaps, a land holder, who looked after the crops. For the tending of the sheep he had a herdman. This individual took supreme control of the flocks, lie shared the gains which came from careful treatment of them and shared the losses also. Ile was a partner as far as the flocks were concerned. To help him with the routine work he engaged men who were called hirelings. These men worked for pay, but had no interest in the success of the sheep farming. A reference to the story of Laban and Jacob will make plain the old usage. Labatt was the farmer and Jacob the berdman. When they had hot words at parting, Jacob told Laban that the sheep "torn of beasts I brought not unto thee. I bare the loss of it; of my band didst thou require it, whether stolen by day or by night." By strict right Laban ought to have snared the losses as well as the gains. Jacob asserts that he himself had had to bear them all, suggesting that Laban had not dealt fairly with him. it is interesting to know that the usage of Syria is still the same in this _respect.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0217.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHEPHERDS' LONG JOURNEYS.

It was necessary to commit the flocks to some trustworthy man, because of the nature of the country. The sheep had to be taken long dis- tances during the summer in order that food and water might be found. On the plains the grass soon withered and the water streams dried up. For seven months there. is no rain in Palestine. The sheep and goats are therefore led to the higher' levels, where there is water and grass. This means long ' journeyings and constant watchfulness over the flocks. The herdman must find food of some kind. Where there are trees he must gather sycamine fruit, as did Amos the herdman. and at the end of the summer lie may find himself far away up the slopes of Lebanon, pulling the branches from the trees and getting water from the last trick- lings of the meltint, snow of the heights. To secure water was usual to dig wells or pits by the side of water streams. When the streams were full in the winter the pits were filled and the shepherd, by removing the stone covers, found water when he visited the place in the summer. These pits were spread thickly over the country. Into such a well Joseph was thrown, and Jesus referred to the ox or ass falling into the pit—a common occurrence in Palestine.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0218.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROBLEM OF SHELTER.

The other great problem of the shepherd was to find security and shelter. If there were caves he placed the sheep there and slept in the entrance himself. Sheep folds were built on the hill sides, and in a place where he had made a fold and water pits he might remain for some weeks until water and food gave out and he must climb higher into the mountains. The fold, was a circular wall of stones, protected • on the top by thorns. It had a narrow entrance, and the shepherd himself spent the night crouched in the doorway to protect the flock against wild beasts. He was "-the door of the sheep," and it is to this that Jesus referred in the saying "I am the door." The fold had a wall.across.the centre, and the sheep were kept Ott one side and the goats on the other. They did not allow them to remain together, because the goats were quarrelsome. As they entered the fold the shepherd divided the sheep from the goats."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0219.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROD AND STAFF.

Bible stories and texts make us familiar with the herdman's outfit. The staff was a weapon, kind of club, to be used against the wild beasts. With such a club David said he had killed both a lion and a bear, and it was this weapon that Jesus forbad to His disciples with the words "neither staves." The rod was the crook With which he dealt with the sheep and hoisted them if they had fallen into the stream or pit. His sling was often used to get the attention of the sheep when they were straying. A stone would be dropped near to the erring sheep as a warn- ing. Though not a very accurate weapon, the shepherd became quite proficient in its use, and could handle it with •effect.

As the sheep grew to maturity they became intelligent and responsive. They knew their 'mates and understood the shepherd's language. Thus, when he 'called " Irrgho they knew it meant food, and "lb " meant water. The passage in Isaiah, "Ho, every one that thirsteth, come to the waters," is the shepherd's cry to the sheep. One of the older *routs was trained to be the leader of the rest. Et a-as cal:Nl the " of the flock." This exphins the nu:4Boov in Jeremiah 50, viii.," Be as the he-goats before the the flocks." These trained leaders were of much help to the shepherd. If a sheep were lost he took two of the trained sheep or goats with him. At his signal they would 'utter a cry, to which the lost sheep would bleat in response.

These leaders were also useful: where streams had to be crossed. The sheep and goats had to swim the streams, and the swift water often made the crossing difficult. The shepherd stood in mid-stream and called them by name, ready to save them if the current should prove too strong, while the leaders swam fi..st and stc.d in the opposite side bleating hopefully for /their (n- -couragement. The picture of the thepherd in the stream is reflected in a beautiful passage in Isaiah 43: "I have called thee by thy name; thou art mine. When thou passest through the waters I will be with thee; and through the rivers they shall not overflow thee." There is also the passage: "He drew me out of. many waters."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0220.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 23rd PSALM.

The familiar 23rd Psalm became more full of help and consolation when read with a full knowledge of the East. The valley of shadow was the ravine in the mountains where the ser- pent might lurk in the grass and the vultures or eagle overhead. They often had their food prepared in the presence of enemies, and the overhead enemies were often the worst..

The anointing oil was the medicinal oily mixture that was put on their scratches an:l wounds, the cup was the wooden- bowl dipped into the well for a refreshing drink. The still waters were the. pools made by the sides of the streams for the advantage of the lambs who found it 'difficult to drink from the turbulent stream.

" Passing under the rod " was the counting of the sheep as they entered the fold. This was done each evening. The passage "I will cause my people to pass under the rod," was often quoted as though it were a threat that affliction or punishment wosuld be sent. The meaning, however, was quite different.. To pass under the rod was to be numbered in with the sheep, and a study of the context in Ezekiel 20, xxxvii., would show this was the true meaning. The figure of ppeech 'lWolves f,n sheep's: clothing" referred to the hirelings who proved false., The men wore sheep skins, and in the night could creep among the flock without being detected. Jesus referred to them as thieves who came I" to steal, to kill and destroy." - In the closing part of the lecture Mr. Moun- field explained the allusion in the tenth chapter of John. There were, he said, not one parable but three, the parables of the sheepfold, the door and the shepherd, and all prer,ented

===== 0002601_19151225_art0221.txt | included=true | included =====
WATCHING THE FLOCKS BY NIGHT.

When a flock is housed in a cave the shepherd usually makes a small shelter at the entrance, a covered place made of branches, or in the language of Peter "a tabernacle." In such sheltered places they watched their flocks by night. The pictares which represented flocks lying in the open country by night were woe- fully wide of the truth. No shepherd Would allow a single member of the flock to be out of the Shelter of a cave or fold. Often the herdman carried a small tent, which served as a night cover. This consisted of a piece of woven material- supported by a single post. By removing the post ,it was, taken down in a moment. The sudden collapse or removal of such a tent supplied to Hezekiah xxxviii.. 12) a figure of the uncertainty of life. The ending of life, he said, might come as sud- denly as the snapping of *a weaver's thread, and he might "be removed as a shepherd's tent." The fact that shepherds were watching sheep by night proves that the nativity of Jesus could not have been in December. Winter is the time of rain, and the flock would be safe at -home and not'far afield on December 25th. The birth of Jesus was more probably in September. At the close the Chairman Coun. George expressed gratification at the deep interest which had been taken in the lectures, and their appreciation of them. A further 'series by Mr. Mounfield will he given in the New Year.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0222.txt | included=true | included =====
• THE SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS PRESENT.

By S.C.J.

The Flock struck one, and Scrooge waited for his second visitor. No spirit appeared, and h.:, shuffled out of bed to the door of his sitting- room. A voice bade him enter, and he obeyed.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0223.txt | included=true | included =====
* * * * *

It was his own ,room. There was no doubt about that. But it had undergone a surprising transformation. The walls and ceiling were so hung with skulls and bones that it looked a perfect charnel-house. The empty sockets that once possessed the organs. of sight seemed to start right through him; the jaw-bones rattled; and a shivering draught rushed up the chim- ney with a wailing sound that caused the stony- hearted Scrooge to shiver as ii in sympathy. Heaped up on the floor, to form a kind of throne were corpses of men; mangled bodies of women and children, stiff and cold, clasped in a last embrace; horses Writhing in the agonies of death, guns, rifles, bayonets, swords, revolvers, broken aircraft, splintered. waggons, dismantled ships, bombs, shells, cartridges, hand grenades; and surrounding all a welter of human blood that flowed like a river beneath the door and disappeared into the street below. In easy state upon this couch there sat a huge giant fearful to see; Iho bore a flaming torch and held it high up, to shed it light on Scrooge. " I am the Ghost of Christmas Present," said the Spirit. " Look upon me!" Scrooge tremblingly did so. It was clothed in one 'black, blood-stained robe, or mantle, bordered with human hair. The garment hung so loosely on the'figure that its capacious breast was bare, as if disdaining to be warded or con- cealed by any artifice. • Its feet, observed beneath the ample folds of the garment, were cloven and covered with thick clots of blood; and on its head was a casque of steel, set here and there with shining spikes. . Its dark brown• curls were matted, thick and long; its scarred and grimy face fierce and repellent; its eye shining with hate and lust; its band gory; its voice thunderous, and its manner boisterous and drunken. Girded round its middle was a belt With blood- stained sword, and stocked with cartridges and deadly weapons. "You have never seen the like of me before!" roared the Spirit. ." Never," Scrooge made answer to it. The Ghost of Christmas 'Present rose. "Spirit," said Scrooge submissively, "conduct me where you will. To-night if you have aught to teach me, let me profit by it."

"Touch my robe." Scrooge did as he was told, and held it fast,

The throne vanished instantly. So did the room, the skulls, the bones and the hour of night, and they stood in the city streets on Christmas morning. Everything was quiet. The passers-by went or their way with serious step and saddened countenance. The shops were shut. The very church bells seemed to ring funebrially. The Spirit conducted Scrooge to a huge build- ing—Once a school. Inside, where but recently the happy faces of youthful students had shed their radiance, were rows of beds, each contain- ing a prostrate form. Nurses moved noiselessly about the room. The very air seemed sad and silent.

The Spirit led Scrooge to a bed at one end of the room. Here lay a figure swathed in bandages, tossing feverishly and moaning. _ _ _

"Blind," said the Spirit, and without his legs." Scrooge shuddered as if in pain himself. „

.• " Seven little mites at home;" continued the Spirit, " and this man will die."

"Die!" gasped Scrooge, almost fainting from the strain. " Oh, no, dread Spirit! say he will be spared." "Are there no Workhouses?" returned the Ghost.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0224.txt | included=true | included =====
* * * * * *

The Spirit then conducted him to a little dwelling in a humble street.

A young mother sat nursing a tiny baby. Two other children, a boy and girl, stood shivering by her knee, their faces .bathed in tears. The woman's eyes were glazed and past all weeping. A letter lay on the table. The greater portion of the contents remained unread. The Spirit pointed with his finger and Scrooge read on " . . . your husband was killed in action this morning . . . ."

Scrooge would have spoken, but his voice was choked with tears.

The Phantom spread its dark robe before him for a moment, like a wing; and withdrawing it, revealed a wooden cross surmounting a mound of earth. A name was .cut in rough letters; and a few branches of holly were twined in a circle to form the funeral wreath.

" There are thousands of these in Europe, said the Spirit. "They die to decrease the surplus population." Scrooge hung his head to hear his own words ciliated by the Spirit, and. was overcome with penitence and grief.

*** * * *

" And is this Christmas?" faltered .Scrooge.. "Can we hope for nothing else save this?" " This is Christmas made by man " answered time Spirit. " Nothing better can be hoped for till the day when greed, and lust and hate are crushed for ever from men's hearts; until the souls of men are purified and the Angel's message rings in every land,

. , " Glory to God in the highest and on earth peace, good will toward men."

S. C. J

Tears have no real meaning to those who cam not laugh.

. Righteousness is love of the right rather than fear of the rod.

The lighter a man's head is the higher he is able to carry it.

A man knows a dozen infallible cures for a cold—until he gets one. A compliment makes one feel good even when one knows it is only flattery.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0225.txt | included=true | included =====
STUNT memauls.

The Original Santa Claus And What We Know

About Him.

A CHAPTER FOR YOUNG PEOPLE OF ALL AGES.

BY ARTHUR MOUNFIELD.

Standing like a sentinel on the bank of the Mersey at Liverpool is a church which all my readers must .have seen. It has a beautifully designed tower and is dedicated to St. Nicholas. When I tell you that St. Nicholas is the patron saint of travellers in general, and sailors in particular, you will see how appropriate is the dedication. In order to get everybody interested In Nicholas, I had better say at once that he was the original Santa Claus, the first to hit upon the glorious idea of filling people's stockings while they were asleep. And every time you see three golden balls hung over a pawn- broker's shop it will be interesting to remem- ber that these originally represented three well-filled pockets, from which he filled the hungry stockings. Having said so much, I propose to tell some- thing about Nicholas, giving first of all the warning that there is much of the story that I cannot manage to believe, however hard I try.

crime. Finding that concealment was use- less, the wretched man made confession, and begged the Saint to absolve him. This Nicholas did, and not only so, but went to the pickling tub and made the sign of. the cross. After a prayer, the limbs of the boys were miraculously united and they stood up in the brine and blessed their benefactor.

After this story had been told; believed and improved for a century or two it came to ho understood that Nicholas was specially inter- ested in small boys, and he was regarded as their special protector.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0226.txt | included=true | included =====
A WONDERFUL BABY.

Nicholas belongs to the fourth century; that is to say, he was born .during the period when people said it was three hundred and something years after Christ. His home was in Lycia in Asia Minor, and we are told that he was such a saintly child (please note that this is the first thing I don't believe) that on Fridays and other fast .days of the Church he refused to suck his mother's breast. .He entered the monastery of Sion, and became in due course an Abbot, afterwards being raised to the dignity of an Archbishopric. This is only what might have been expected from such a baby, and it is not surprising to learn that his fame and power outlived him. As with our own St. Cuthbert, his relics are said to have worked many wonders; and quite se'ven centuries after his death Someone formed an expedition to Myra to steal his bones. These were secured after some scuffling and carried to Italy, and the Church at Bari, where they were deposited, became henceforward a place of pilgrimage. It is doubtful where any saint has enjoyed greater repute and popularity. The Russian nation took him as its patron saint, and he duly fills the stockings of the myriads of Rus- sian children. He is the Santa Claus of the Norse countries, and our own Father Christ- mas. He is moreover the special guardian of all maidens, of children, of sailors, of mer- chants, and (dare we put it in print?) of rob- bers. This last distinction he gained through an adventure in which he compelled sonic road thieves to restore stolen goods to their owners, and won them to better things.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0227.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FIRST STOCKING-FILLING ADVENTURE.

The really interesting thing about Saint Nicholas is the filling of the stockings, and we_had better get this story told first.

There was a—nobleman in Patara who had three daughters. Owing to losses he • was unable to provide them with Marriage por- tions, and in consequence no one would marry them. Nicholas Was a wealthy man, a for- tune having been bequeathed to him,. and he delighted to use his money to relieve dis- tress. He suspected the nobleman's trouble, and debated many- plans by 'which he hoped to help him. It was his desire that the help Should be given secretly, and one night as he inspected the'house"the moon shone from be- hind a cloud and showed him an open window. Through this window he .threw a purse of gold, which fell at the feet of the father of the maidens, and enabled him to provide a portion for his eldest daughter. A second night visit found the window still open and another purse of gold was flung in, which provided for the second daughter. But the nobleman was determined to discover the mysterious visitor, and on the following nights set himself to watch. Nicholas came under the cover of darkness to throw in a third purse of gold, but someone grasped his cloak, and the householder recognising him cried out, "0, .Nicholas! Servant of God! Why seek to hide thyself" The saint begged him to promise thal- he would tell no one of the incident, and in this way the story ends. -

HOW THE STOCKING HABIT SPREAD.

Those who honoured Saint Nicholas began to think that it was a good thing to follow his example. in the convents especially the habit was followed on the eve of St. Nicholas' day of banging silk stockings on the door of the abbess with a paper commending them- selves to great St. Nicholas. In the morning the abbess summoned them to witness the display of sweetmeats with which the Saint had honoured them.

ln the homes of _Russia and the East it became the habit to put little gifts secretly into the shoes, pockets and stockings of the children, with the pleasant information next morning that good St. Nicholas had placed them there. As the years passed and the children grew in wisdom they bun.- up stock- ings upon the bed to save the kindly visitor any needless trouble.

-gmall wonder that Nicholas kept his popu- larity. Other nations borrowed him, and though they changed his day and changed his. name-

But this is anticipating.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0228.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER STORY.

There is yet another story which explains why he was regarded as the patron of chil- dren. I cannot possibly believe it, but I sup- pose it has to be told. A gentleman of Asia Minor sent his two sons to be educated at Athens, and asked them, as they passed through Myra, to tall on the good Archbishop Nicholas and obtain his blessing. The . boys arrived in the town late one night, and went to an inn for lodg- ing. The landlord, in order to rob them, 'mur- dered them both as they slept, and after cut- ting their bodies in pieces put them in a pickling tub along with some pork, intending to sell them as pork and so rid himself of all traces obis guilt. But the Archbishop was warned in a vision of the horrible deed, and in the moiming went to the innkeeper and charged him with the

===== 0002601_19151225_art0229.txt | included=true | included =====
PROTECTOR OF SAILORS.

The homage he receives from seamen comes from sonic stories which tell how that on mak- ing a voyage to the Holy Land he caused a tempest to cease by his prayers, .and how on another occasion he appeared to some dis- tressed mariners and saved them. .The old. office of Neptune, who was the protector of sailors, was handed over by medifeval Chris- fiats to Nicholas. Churches in seaports. were dedicated to him and sailors on reaching home took votive offerings to his shrifies. In Eng- land alone there are more churches dedicated to him than there are days in the year. • -

===== 0002601_19151225_art0230.txt | included=true | included =====
CURIOUS SCHOOLBOY DOINGS.

if Nicholas was the patron .of boys in general, he was. the friend of schoolboys in particular, and there was always a school holiday with big rejoicings on December 6th, which was his day. In the Middle Ages the boys who sang or served at the altar always met on St. Nicholas' Eve and appointed from among themselves a boy-bishop. This hap- pened in every school and cathedral, and the bishop reigned until December 28th, which was Innocents' Day. The boys conducted mock services in the church, and, the sham bishop walked through the streets to beg for money, food and sweetmeats.

Parents took the opportunity to give parties to their own and other people's chil- dren, and the bishops and his clerks usually held .prominent places at the board. It was the children's festival, and there were not a few sympathetic folks in those days who be- queathed money to provide a yearly dinner on St. Nicholas' Day for a given number of poor children, the children being asked in return to pray for the soul of the founder of the feast.

These festivals with Aheir boy-bishops were quite a feature in the. Middle Ages. and a long chapter could be written about them. They continued at Eton College in some form or other until the year 1845, -though, of course, after the Reformation they were shorn qf their irreverence 'and were not allowed to take place in the churches. In Salisbury Cathedral the visitor is shown the tomb of a boy who died during his term of office. His frail figure clad in episcopal robes is sculptured in stone upon the monument. So seriously did they take the chil4ren's fes- tival five or six centuries ago! • SAINT NICHOLAS IS SANTA.

As we have said, St. Nichd7as Day was December 6th. In Russia and Holland this is the day when the children wake up to find the stockings well filled. But we have pushed the event further back, and fill them for Christmas morning.. It is, however, St. Nicholas who brings the- goods, for Sianta. Claus is only an American corruption of the. name Sankt Klaus (for Sankt Ntkolas). The name went to America as St. Nicholas; it came back to us as Santa Claus. This curious little twist we owe to the old Dutch settlers of New York.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0231.txt | included=true | included =====
THE THREE GOLDEN BALLS.

As to the three balls that glitter over our pawnshops, these :are the three well-laden purses wnich the, generous saint flung through the window, in art Nicholas is shown with three golden pockets. The Medici family, who did well in business, took three golden pouches as their coat of arms. The Lombard merchants who came to England in the long ago brought the same sign with them, and as these enterprising gentlemen were the first to play the part of the obliging " uncle," the three golden balls became .the sign of a money- lender's shop. It is a pity that the three purses of the kindly Nicholas should have gained this flavour. But there it is, and one doein't know what more to say about it, except that it makes a very bad finish for a Christmas' article.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0232.txt | included=true | included =====
In Their Elements.

On learning that Marshal von Hindenburg had told a newspaper man that war was suiting hini" like a seaside trip," Grand Admiral von Tirpitz is said to have remarked that for him- self, war suited him like an inland excursion.— " r uneh."

Almost Too Far. , " Very good repartee. Very good. But, per- haps, a little strong." The speaker was Henry E. Dixey, the noted actor. He resumed:- " It reminds me of a dialogue at the Lambs between.a New England poet and a Scot. "'Bah,' said the Scot, hearing that the poet had a press agent. Bah, you Americans an?: possessed with an itch for notoriety.' "The poet tossed back his long locks fiercely-. " Well,' he cried, an itch for notoriety Is 'better than n notoriety for "But with Tut, tut, gentlemen," said Mr. Dixey, "I ended this unseemly wrangle ere it went too far."

Nothing Doing. The man who is • anxiously watching the steeplejack at work 300 feet from the ground is approached by a t)assing_ acquaintance. "Hullo Brown," says the later, "are you still here? It's fully an hour ago that I saw you standing in the very same spot." " "That fellow up there gives me the cold shivers," says Brown. "He makes me feel weak in the knees."

"Going back to your office?" inquires the friend.

"I. guess so," Brown reluctantly repliek. "There doesn't seem to be much use in waiting any lon.ger.l don't believe he is going to fall." And he turns away will a lingering glance at the intrepid jack. •

===== 0002601_19151225_art0233.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_19151225_art0234.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• • •

.•17;. ••••_

===== 0002601_19151225_art0235.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0236.txt | included=true | included =====
14;;.4,

IN THE COURTS.

gave their names as Harry Davies and Henry Drummond. From the time of their arrival at the Central Station fipin Manchester their movements aroused the suspicions of Detective Green, and he eventually, with the assistance of Inspector Breese, of Stockton Heath, took them into custody. The Chief Constable, in stating the facts, said that on Monday week Detective Green saw the prisoners leave the station separately and then join together in Horsemarket-street. He followed their movements along Horse- market-street, Bridge-street, Wilderspool- causeway, until they were in the Stockton Heath area. At the corner of Fairfield-road and Ellesmere-road they stood taking obser- vation of a number of houses. On their return , to Warrington the men were arrested by Detective Green and Inspector Breese. When taxed by the officers as to their business, one of them replied: "We have come on a voyage of discovery." - The police officers took them at their. word and conveyed them to the Police Station, where they were. detained in separate rooms. During ,the absence of the officer for :only a minute or so, • one of the prisoners tried to get- up. to the window of. the room. When -rharged with .the offence of loitering they de- lined to give their names or addresses. "Market. People" -

Mr. A. Browne, who defended, said the accused were market people, and went into different towns disposing of goods. If other people walked to Stockton Heath their move- ments would not excite suspicion, but because there had been convictions against the two prisoners it was an offence. Under the circu)n- stances he had advised the men to plead guilty as they could not get out of it. He had made a suggestion to the Chief Constable that• if a certain course was adopted the men were pre- pared to give an undertaking not to come to Warrington again.

- With Remarkable Records.

The Chief Constable said if they were pre- pared to give such an undertaking he was prepared to say something in their favour. Both men had 'very bad criminal records. Davies, who had been convicted under seven different names, started his career in 1901, and up to 1913 he had been sixteen times convicted for larceny, loitering and other offences. The last occasion was at Salford in June, 1913. He thought the prisoner had been in the Army. It was evident that since 1913 he had behaved himself, Or, in all probability, he would have got into the hands of the police. The prisoner Drummond had also a number of "aliases," and on twehty-four occasionf! had got into trouble with the police kir larceny and other. offences.

Mr. Browne: I don't think they will ever come to Warrington again. The Chairman (Mr. Henry Roberts)) I have grave doubts about liberating men of the kind with such records. Warrington is only a small . part of the United Kingdom. I should like some undertaking from them that they will behave themselves wherever they go. Prisoner Davies: We never intend to go any- where else. I have been in the 'Army and got my discharge! The Chairman: We have some misgivings about it, but, acting on the Chief Constable's ' suggestion for leniency, we have decided to send you to gaol for three months each. I hope you will try to turn over a new leaf. Prisoners: Thank you! Thank you!

Praise For Detective.

The Chief Constable pointed out that a re- mark of Mr. Browne as to the officer being forewarned with information was totally in- correct.‘ Having regard to all the circum- stances, he thought Detective. Green was en- titled to some commendation by the Court. He had acted with a good deal .of smartness and had prevented the men from housebreaking somewhere. •

The Chairman: We are agreed that the officer acted with great smartness. Personally, I think if it had not been for your sympathetic nature the prisoners would have received a good deal more.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0237.txt | included=true | included =====
BACK TO ERIN.

Irishman's Departure Delayed Through • .

Bank Quay ,Incident.

. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, before the Mayor (Alderman Peacock), Alder- men Bolton, Pierpoint and Smethurst, Dr. Joseph, Messrs. S. Wright, G. Pilling, W. Furness and T. locker, An Irishman named John Hines, of 92, Hoyle-street, who was journeying back to his native land, was fined for wilful damage and assaulting Railway Foreman Bennett at Bank Quay Station on Saturday night. Bennett stated that on Saturday night as the 10.15 train to Chester and Holyhead was about to depart he noticed a woman and a child attempting to get in a compartment. He went to their assistance, but found the door was '` jammed," and he was unable to open it. Prisoner seemed to resent the admis- sion of the woman and child and he smashed the window in the door with his fist. A piece of the broken glass Struck witness on the. temple, causing a severe wound, which had to be dressed at the Infirmary. Prisoner was,. under the influence of drink and was taken to. the Police Station, where his hand was found to be so severely cut that he also had to be attended to at the Infirmary. The damage to the window was is. 61. Prisoner said he was going back to Ireland. The, Chief. Constable: To enlist—Perhaps!

===== 0002601_19151225_art0238.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKMEN PAY

For Leming Their Job Without Giving

_ Notice.. Five workmen, who were summoned by their employer, Mr. I. Tennant, fire-brick maker, Folly-lane, for leaving their work without notice, were each fined 10s. and costs at the Borough Police Court on Monday. The case was adjourned from the previous week' in order that the complainant in:glit bring evidence as to the custom of the trade in regard to serving notice. • The defendants were Henry Wainwright, of 221, Winwick-road; Robert Mason, of 42, Eliza- beth-street; Alfred Jones, of 15, Aiken-street; William J. Keddie, 25, Allcard-street; and Henry Buckley, 219, •Winwick-road; ,and they, were represented at the adjourned hearing by Mr. T. S. Steel. It was pointed out by Mr. Tennant that a short time ago two of the defendants left his employ and they then gave him iat least three days' notice. In the cross-examination by Mr. Steel it was admitted by Mr. Tennant that Wainwright left in 1914 without giving notice, but on that occasion he went to join the Army and was later discharged. Replying to Mr. S. Wright (one of the mag- istrates), witness said if he intended to dis- charge a man immediately he would certainly give him two days' pay. He had never dis- charged a man without notice. Mr. Steel: There was no arrangement as to their engagement? Mr. Pennant: I never made any agreement. One of the Magistrates: Is there a works in Warrington where they, do anything of the kind? Mr. Steel: I am sure there are several. The Mayor: I am sure there are not. An old employe of Mr. Tennant's named Guthrie said it was the acknowledged custom of the trade to give two days' notice. The week's work generally finished on Thursday and they were. paid on Saturday. Mr. Steel submitted that before the prose- cution could succeed the magistrates must be satisfied that there was a- contract of service. A notice or list of rules ought to be provided in the workshop. Dr. Joseph: Is there no importance attached to an unwritten law? Mr. Steel: I am here to advocate my clients' legal standpoint. Continuing, Mr. Steel said the defendants would state that they had left without giving notice. Such •evidence would negative any contention as to the custom of the trade. He contended that the prosecutor had voluntarily agreed to let the men leave his employ. If Mr. Tennant was entitled to two .days' notice he could have refused to have paid them their full money and told them 'they had forfeited any claim by not giving notice. Two of ..the defendants—Jones and 'Wain- wright—gave evidence in support of Mr. Steel's statement, but in cross-elamination by Mr. Tennant they admitted that they had never been discharged without notice, although they had left •without so doing.

special

Fammili

===== 0002601_19151225_art0239.txt | included=true | included =====
"A VOYAGE OF DISCOVERY."

Detective's Smart Capture Of Men With Criminal Careers.

It is something unusual to hear prisoners at the Police Court .bestowing their grateful thanks upon the magistrates for sending them to a term of three months' imprisonment. • Such, however, was the case on Tuesday at the Borough Police Court, when Councillor Henry Roberts and' Mr. W. T. Williams, the sitting magistrates were thanked by two pri- soners for their leniency in regpect of a charge of being found in Wilderspool-causeway under .such circumstances as to suggest that they were there with the intent to cornmit a felony. The men, who were strangers to Warrington,

FOR

Best House Coal NUTS & SLACK, WASHED NUTS, BEANS, & PEAS, CROMPTO SHAVCROSS, LTD.

COLLIERY PROPRIETORS. Datiam Lane, Warrington, AND AT CAR TERMINUS, LATCHFORD. All inquiries to F. W. PRAEGER, District Agent.

----...........-- ,- . •a' ' - -,' '..,..,, o' ,•t, . . -- S C • • -,,:',... ett4'•,, ''''' ' ' :,,,:;....'.: , ' 1 ' BEST''ClifitijiiS 3 AND. , , g - ..a..i.:;kt.--.. , D 1 51 Itifi ....! TANI . 41 tn .. , ifeeffig§rl & 6 Bit" *•464iiit tti , _ _ ° ' .._ f - -, ,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0240.txt | included=true | included =====
"DIDN'T REMEMBER ! "

Charged With Stealing Shirt From

AA rash-house.

James Tamey, of no settled abode, was re- manded for seven days by the Warrington mag- istrates on Wednesday on a charge of stealing a man's shirt, value 3s. 6d., the property of Francis Duckworth. Prisoner went into the wash-house of the prosecutor and took the shirt, as he was leav- ing the passage at the back of the house. lie was chased by Detective .Skelton and arrested, .At the Police Station, in reply to the charge, he said: "I sdon't remember it"

===== 0002601_19151225_art0241.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNITION WORKERS' UNSUC- CESSFUL APPEALS.

Four applications for discharge certificates by workmen engaged on munitions were heard at the Munitions Court on Monday afternoon, before Mr. T. J. Ridgway (chairman), assisted by Messrs. G. L. Walker (employers) and Charles Dukes (trade unions) as assessors. Three of the applications were dismissed and the fourth was adjourned for a fortnight for the applicant to appear personally. Preferred Tram Conducting.

A youth of sixteen, who was earning a guinea a week and war bonus as a turner at , St. Helens applied for a certificate on the ground that his widowed mother had left St. Helens to reside at Leigh. He was quite willing to work on munitions at Leigh: He had promise of a job as a tram conductor. The employers pressed for his return, and sub- mitted they were of the opinion 'that he ought to keep himself in lodgings at St. Helens. In dismissing the claim, the Chairman said applicant ought to find decent lodgings at St. Helens and put up with some little incon- venience in war-time.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0242.txt | included=true | included =====
Liked Manchester Better Than Warrington.

A married. Man employed as a riveter in a Warrington factory, whose home was in Man- chester, complained that he suffered from rheu- matism in his leg and was unable to follow his employment. 'He also had a sick .child at home who required some attention. The em- ployers who claimed his retention pointed out that they were quite willing to allow appli- cant to visit his home every week-end and pay his railway fare, and that he should work under. cover during wet weather. In. reply to Mr. Dukes as to why he did not reside in Warrington, applicant said all his and his wife's relatives belonged to Manchester and he liked to live there. The application was refused.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0243.txt | included=true | included =====
A Father's Responsibilities.

Employed as an apprentice to the occupation of a "turner," a youth, who was represented hiq father, applied for a certificate of dis- charge, The father stated that he had removed from 1 Thatto Heath to Pendlebury tp follow hisl occupation as a collier. His soWs wages were only 9s. per week and he did not see why he should be called upon to pay his son's lodgings in St. Helens. His son had obtained employ- ment as a "turner" in Pendlebury. The application was adjourned for a fort- night for the applicant to appear personally.

-rIM,II-^;"1"1.7X7 411 r.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0244.txt | included=true | included =====
Could Not Be Spared..

1' 0, . TRY THE EFFECT OF TAKING I , .. . MOTHER SEIGEL' :/1/4 .5 - : - •.' AND . ' SYRUP - 'S. THAN TRIMS? DAILY, AFTER MEALS .

WHYsuFFER FROM

A fitter, who did not appear at the Court to substantiate his claim for a discharge, was re- fused a certificate. It was stated that the notice to the applicant to appear before the Court had been returned to the Clerk (Mr. G. Fl F. White) through- the Dead Letter Office. The man had previously applied for his dis- charge, but it was declined, as he was told he could not be spared. Applicant was twenty years of age and earned 16s. per week as an apprentice fitter, although he was not bound.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0245.txt | included=true | included =====
\ Var.

1)

SECOND WAR-YEAR SEASON AMONG THE JUNIORS.

good. From the restart St. Thomas' were soon on the attack, and one of their players putting in a fine run, scored a good try, which was con- verted. From now to the end the lads from Stockton Heath had slightly the better of the play, and just on time they recorded another try. This was not converted, and so the final score was: St. Thomas', 8 points; Beamont, 5 points.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0246.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLIDAY AIATCHES.

CHRISTMAS DAY. At Wilderspool. Heathside v. St. Thomas's, kick-off 10.30; Referee, G. Crozier. Parochial v. Rylands's, kick-off 11.30; J. Flynn. Bolton v. Beamont, kick-off 3.0; D. Aikenhead.

At Victoria Park. I No. I.—Sacred Heart v. St.. James', kick-off 2.30; Barber.

BOXING DAY. At Wilderspool.

Sacred Heart v. St. Thomas', kick off 11.0; W. Bibby. St. Mary's v. St. James', kick-off 2.0; J. Cooper. Beamont v. Parochial, kick-off 3.0; J. Beard- sail.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0247.txt | included=true | included =====
111 E VALUE OF INTERMEDIATE

LEAGUES.

Outlook For The New Year.

The first half of the season is almost over, and things have turned out almost as well as was anticipated. The outlook for the secend per- tion, however, says a writer in the " Manchester Guardian," is not promising. Attendances at the Northern Union matches have been dwind- ling for some little time, and with the calling up of the groups of recruits early in the New Year a further fall is probable. But apart from the question of spectators, the matter of attested players being called up will place clubs in difficulties, and, hard as it has been for some of them lately to raise a „team, it will be much more difficult for them as the season advances. The neglect to encourage intermediate football will perhaps be keenly felt in the near future, as many of the Northern Union clubs have few reserves to call upon, and will probably have to close down altogether before the end of the

season.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0248.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNLON.

Swinton Defeat Huddersfield

At Fartown.

. The team of the season is undoubtedly Swinton, and on Saturday they defeated Hud- dersfield on the latter's ground. This hap- pened in spite of the fact that the Ifuddersfield Committee had put their strongest team on to the field. The other Lancashire team to secure a couple of League points at the ex- pense of a Yorkshire club was Oldham, who defeated Halifax by seven points to three. ,The results were as follows:— Leigh, 3 points; Broughton Rangers, 0. Salford, 12; Runcorn 2. Wigan, 11; St. Helens 8. Bradford, 14; Hull, 0.. Bramley, 0; Batley, 0. Dewsbury, 5; ,Leeds, 5. Hull Kingston Rovers, 23; Featherstone, 9. Swinton, 10; Huddersfield, 9. Hunslet, 7; Rochdale Hornets, 5. , Oldham, 7; Balifax, 3.

DAINTETH INJURED. Salford and Runcorn met on the ground of the former and a good game mulled in a win for Salford by 12 points to two. Runcorn's only score was a clever dropped goal by Jolley (the Warrington full-back).. Near the close of the match; • Dainteth, another., Warrington player, was carried off the' field- injured.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0249.txt | included=true | included =====
NTERMEDIATE LEAGUE.

Only Two League Matches Played.

For the first time for a month, the weather conditions on Saturday were fit for Rugby foot- ball, but in spite of this fact, only two out of ,the five League matches were played. Silver- street were due to Meet St. James' at Wilders- pool, but as only about three of their men turned up, the game had to be abandoned. At Victoria Park, St. Mary's, who were due to play -ISt. .Thomas', failed to put in an appearance, and this was also the case with the Whitecross team, Who were engaged to play the Beamont Old Boys. Consequently neither of the games at Victoria Park was played, but a friendly was arranged between Beamont and St. Thomas'. On the Wilderspool ground a good match be- tween Heathside and Parochial was witnessed.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0250.txt | included=true | included =====
RESULTS UP TO AND INCLUDING DECEMBER 18th. '

Points P. W. L. D. F. A. P. lieathside Parochial Rylands's Bolton St. James' St. Thomas' Silver-street Beamont lO 4 - 6 0 32 71 8 St. Mary's Sacred Heart Whitecross -

LAST' SATURDAY'S RESULTS. Parochial, 5 points; Heathside, nil. Sacred Heart, 6; Bylands's, 5.

PAROCHIAL TOO GOOD FOR HEATHSIDE. The Parochial v. Heathside match attracted about sixty spectators, and proved to be, one of the most interesting matches that has been played at Wilderspool this season. Until about a month ago Parochial headed the League, but when they were defeated by St. Thomas' they had to give pride of illace to Heathside: So naturally there was a bit of " feeling " between the two teams. Though Heathside were de- feated on Saturday, they still remain at the head of the League, but whilst they are only a point in front of Parochial, they have played an extra match. Saturday's game opened dramatically. With- in the first three minutes Heathside were awarded two free-kicks, and made two futile attempth to open the score. For some time Heathside kept up the attack, but gradually Parochial gained the .upper hand. Through a misunderstanding on the parb of two Heathside players as to who should take the ball, Parochial was given a fine opportunity to score. They took it and a try followed. This was con- verted and the Parochial lads were given a five point lead, which they maintained until the close of the game. The chief reason why Parochial won the match was not so much that they were the superior team, but because they took their opportunities, whilst Heathside let them slide. Time after time, when they had practically a clear field before them, they would be pulled up by the referee for knocking on, or for forward passing. It is to be regretted that during the match several unsportsmanlike incidents occurred. Rough play started as soon as the game opened and it was only controlled by the strong action of Mr. J. Bibby, who was refereeing, sending a couple of men off the field before the game was very old. Later, however, he had to' send a couple more off. These incidents marred what otherwise would have been the best match of the season. • The Church-street lads were at full strength against the scratch team of Heathside, but both teams put up a good game. Heathside were short of their regular full-back, as young Griffiths was very seriously injured the previous week and unable to play. This youth was greatly missed. as it is said he is one of the best full-backs in the League, and would be sure of , his place on any Warrington junior team. For the Parochial side Stretford, Gibbs and Brown played a rattling good game, while Lingard of Heathside came to the forefront with his fine turn of speed and tricks. He got through any amount of good work, which un- fortunately was all thrown away through great lack of determination in the forward line. For the losers Lingard. Booth, Rutter and the half- backs played excellent games. The result Was :—Parochial, 5 points; Heath- side, nil.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0251.txt | included=true | included =====
SACRED HEARTS' SMART WIN.

Rylands's and Sacred Heart met on the Gorsey-lane ground, and it was confidently ex- pected by nearly the whole of the spectators that the home team would secure .a somewhat easy victory. Such did not prove to be the ease, hOtvever, for after a ding-dong struggle, in which Sacred Heart had slightly the better of the struggle, the latter 'team ran out winners by six points to five. First one and then the other team was on-the attack,. but the defence of the i-espective teams proved very good.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0252.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCHES.

Two matches,- St. Mary's versus St. Thomas', and Whitecross- versus Beamont, should have taken place on Victoria Park, but as the St. Mary's team did not put in an appearance at all,, and, only a part—about five players of the White- cross team, the matches could not be played.• Determined not to remain idle, a friendly match was fixed up between the Beamont and St. Thomas' teams, and a rare good game it proved to be. Immediately after the kick-off St. Thomas' began to .press, but a good punt by one 'of the opposing threequarter-backs relieved the situation, and removed play to midfield. Here a number of scrimmages were formed, and. in each case the ball came out to the Beamont half-backs, who did not make the best of tfie opportunities. A•kick by a St. Thomas' player was returned by Whitfield, who found touch in his opponents' quarters. From the scrimmage which was formed, Beamont came away with a good forward rush, which removed play to their opponents' line. Here, a St. Thomas' player put in a very foolish kick. and gent the ball right under his own goalposts. The ball was sei. by Pemberton, a Beamont forward, who was lying unmarked, and he promptly ran over the. line and scored an easy try. Whitfield con- I verted, and Beam-01A were five points to the

===== 0002601_19151225_art0253.txt | included=true | included =====
ti4•11111901P-- -

•

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1915.

teams expressed their satisfact:3n of the man- ner in which he conducted the game.

The committee of the Warrington are endeavouring to give their patrons good value for their support. On Christmas -Day they are to receive .a visit from the Kirkdale F.C., who are champions of the Liverpool Central Com- bination, and are yet undefeated this season.

We learn that Siddall has returned to his old love, the Eccles Borough team, the reason for his absence from Stoke.

Did the Borough committee value his services too lightly until they saw the possibility of losing him altogether?

,'"11111

) A 1 \,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0254.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT

LEAGUE.

PADDINGTON v. HOLLINS GREEN.

- - - - At this return fixture .at Paddington there was a fair attendance of spectators, most of whom came with the visiting team. The fol- lowing players turned out, under the control Of Referee J. Wright : Paddington.: Horrocks; Holmes and Holden; Taylor, Wrench and Sherratt; Greenwood, Hardman, Bothwell, Darbyshire and Barlow- Hollins Green: Blundell; Clarke and 'Mill- ington; Buckley, Etchells and Clewo.rth; Tay- lor,, Green, Muskett, Mellor and Nelson. The home contain won the toss and defended the bottom goal. Muskett set the ball rolling ' and the visitors at once got into the home quarters, where Holden relieved splendidly. The visit Ors returned to the attack, and Taylor shot past the wrong side, of the upright. The visiting team continued to have the best, of the exchanges, and after a fruitless corner, play was transferred to the visitors' end by Hardman and Greenwood, and good tackling by Millington *cleared the danger away. Fol- lowing even exchanges in midfield the visitors' forwards got in front_ Of the home goal and Muskett opened the score after fifteen minutes' play. After several % offside decisions against the visitors the home forwards became more aggressive, Hardman and Greenwood being most effective.. Hardman beat Millington for the ball* and Made the scores equal with a good shot. After a couple of fruitless corner- kicks to the home team, Blundell made a good save from Rothwell, and play was quickly transferred to the home end, where Muskett gained the lead by a good individual effort. Half-time: Hollins' Green, 2 goals; Paddington,

1 goal. ... On •resuming, the visitors were the first to attack, and after.Etchells had shot wide Mus- kett tested Horrocks with a great drive, which was successfully dealt with. Bothwell made a good attempt to get through the visitors' de- fence, but was -closely watched by Mellor. After a 'good return by Millington, Green *placed MuSkett in 'possession and he scored the third goal. .After this the defence always proved tee good for the attack. and at the call of time the result was: Hollins Green, 3 goals;` Paddington, 1 goal.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0255.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT JUNIOR LEAGUE.

PADGATE C.L.B. v. FAIRFIELD UNITED

RESERVES.

On the Lads' Brigade ground. Unfortunately they could- .suily place eight players in . the field and the visitors were not fully. repre- sented, Cooper, .Tunstall and Woodhouse being away. Froni the kick-off the visitors were the more aggressive, and after a few minutes' play. Lygo opened the. score. The Lads played more keenly, but were unable to get into the visitors' .half, and their defence .was severely. tested, Lygo adding. a second goal. The visi- tors continued on the offensive and gained several corner-kicks, and England scored twice and Lockhart once. The visitors now played more easily and the home team gradually got to their opponents' end. where Kidd easily, negqtiated with the shots that were sent in. As-the interval was drawing near, the visitors again attacked the home goal,' and goals were added by Lockhart. and Stockton. Half-time: Fairfield, 7 goals; C.L.8., nil. The Lads rearranged their players' positions on resuming, Proffitt going -between the up- rights and greatly strengthening the defence. The visitors' forwards were-- too Strong for them, and Bolton seered the eighth goal. After some good combination Holden again scored for the United. The play was now more equal and the hone . team gave their best display, and strongly ,attacked the visitors' goal. their efforts being rewarded by Edwards scoring their only point. Purther goals were scored for the visitors by Boyle (2) and Bolton (1). Result: Fairfield United Reserves, 12 goals; Padgate C.L.8., 1 goal.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0256.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT JUNIOR

LEAGUE.

Goals

P. W. L. D. F. A. P. St. Elphin's Fairfield United Res 8 6 2 0 40 11 12 Stockton Heath Scouts 9 6 3 0 18 12 12 Howley United Orford Juniors Mersey Juniors Bewsey A.F.C. Latchford C.C.4 0 3 1 4 10 1 IPadgate C.L.8.7 0 7 0 7 76 0

===== 0002601_19151225_art0257.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCHES.

STOKE RESERVES v. WARRINGTON ASSOCIATION. On the Victoria Ground this return fixture' was played Under ideal conditions. Stoke Reserves: Dennis; Bentley. and Brooke; .Burton, James and Follows; Biddulph, Greaves, Smith; Fitchford and Gunner For- rester. , • Warrington: Brindle; Glover and .Leah; Millington, Haywood and Ditchfield; Midge, T. Whitfield, Aspinall, Foster and Millward. Referee, Mr. F. Whitter, of Leek. The home team won the toss and the open- ing exchanges were in their favour, Forrester placing behind. The visitors then had a turn, and Aspinall, getting in a dangerous position, was. neatly. robbed by James. Play was trans- ferred to the visitors' end, and Brindle had to stive from Forrester, and a little later Fitch- ford was unfortunate with a splendid shot which ht the crossbar and rebounded into play. At. this juncture the visitors' goal was hotly bombarded, and Brindle made a brilliant save with a shot from Pitchford, but at the end of ten minutes' play Smith opened the score with a. hard drive, Brindle having no chance to save. It was only on rare occasions :that the visitors got to close Quarters with the home defence, and in one of these raids, led by Illidge, Dennis misfielded his centre and Aspinall was too far behind to take advantage of the opening and Bentley cleared. From a well-placed flag-kick by Biddulph, Smith headed in, when Brindle effected a ,good save just inside the Post. Whitfield forced a fruit- less corner, and then Aspinall was badly fouled by Bentley. From the free-kick Haywood skimmed the bar with a fast drive. From the goal-kick the, home team were scion in front of the visitors' goal again, and Greaves was just too late to accept a. grand centre by For- rester, and then Brindle again saved well at close range from Smith. The game Continued to be contested in the viAtors' half, and Burton was fouled by Leah. The free-kick was well,, placed ,by Greaves, and although Brindle handled the ball, he failed to complete the clearance, when Smith dashed in and netted the ball. half-time: Stoke Reserves, 2 goals; Warrington, nil. The home team were early on the aggressive in the second half, and Forrester, by a splendid individual effort, Scored the third goal. From the centre-kick the visitors were able to attack by a good run on the left by Millward, and from his centre Dennis had to exert himself to clear. Smith, gaining possession of the leather, transferred to. Greaves, who forced Brindle to concede a. corner-kick. Pitchford adding the-fourth goal. After a spell of even play in mid-field, and then a visit to the home goal. Smith broke away, and, getting past the, backs, Brindle coming out to meet him, he had not much difficulty in netting the fifth goal. Other goals•were.scored by Greaves and Forrester before the .call of time, when the result was :—Stoke Reserves, 7 goals; Warring- ton, nil.

exchanges the "Saints" made the first attack, but were repulsed by Glover. For the next few minutes play was very .even and then the visitors made an attack on the home goal, Hamar shooting hard and straight. The home goalkeeper failed to get the ball clear away and Hamar succeeded in heading through and opened the score for. the Central. From the Centre-kick • the "Saints" made a strong at- tempt-to-make-, the scores equal, but the vial- tons' defence was sound. _Rroivn gained' posses- sion on the extreme wing and transferred play to the home quarters and from his centre Harriar scored a •second goal. A few minutes later the interval was called, the score being: Central, 2 goals; St. Mary's, nil. The visitors went off in great style in the second half, Hands transferring to Stevens, who very 'cutely drew the opposition to him and then placed Smith in possession with a clear .field. Smith scored with a brilliant shot from the touch-line. The home team were now on their mettle and severely tested the visitors' defence, but failed to get through, and they had again to defend their own citadel, Smith again scoring. The " Saints" did not give up hope, and in a raid on the Central goal they took advantage of a mistake by Glover and their inside-left put the ball past Williams. . Further points were added for the Central by O'Neil and Hamar, and a few minutes before the final whistle the "Saints" got their second point from a melee in front of goal. • Result: Warrington Central, 6 goals; Widnes St. Mary's,-.2.g0a15.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0258.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES ST. MARY'S v. WARRINGTON

CENTRAL.

lAt Widnes. representative elevens playing , under very good conditions. After the opening

=1 I WA'

PMMEL.

BILLIARDS.

ADULT SCHOOLS' BILLIARD

LEA GUE.

P. W. L. F. A. Pts. Sankey A.S. Stockton Heath Longford Bewsey A.S. • Next match, Longford v. Bewsey. Referee 1 from Stockton Heath.

STOCKTON HEATH v. LONGFORD •

Stockton Heath.-3. Greenwood 75. T. No:- bury 75, W. Hankey 75, A. Albinson 75, F. Isherwood 75, A. Morirson 75: total, 450. Longford.—F. Elsmore 62, D. Elwell 48, G. Hughes 16, J. Smart 52, 11. Smart 68, J. Le Roy 54. start 60: total, 360. Referee, C. Starkey, Bewsey.

KILL THAT INSECT, TOMMY. Send your pals "out yonder" some tins of HARRISON'S NURSERY POMADE. —they'll be very acceptable. When you haven't time to wash there's a. bie chance you'll have "companions." A little HARRISON'S POMADE KILLS EVERY INSECT on hair and body. Insist on having HARRISON'S POMADE. "Tins of Comfort," at 41d. and 9d. Sold by all Chemists— or by post from HARRISON, Chemist, Reading.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0259.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

Last Saturday the Paddington and Hollins I Green teams met in their return fixture, and played under favourable conditions overhead, but the ground was in too rough a condition to allow much science in the passing game. Both teams were at fault in holding on to, the ball too much. Had they adopted the long, swing- ing methods, a much keener game would have been seen. On the general run of the game the visitors deserved their success. Their forwards, when near goal, were alwayt the more danger- ous, and although Muskett was closely watched he scored all the goals for the visitors. The ' home team never appeared to settle down to their game, Hardman and Greenwood being their most dangerous forwards. Rothwell, although 'working hard, did not appear able to break away from the attentions of • Mellor. Sherratt was a diligent and quiet worker in the

half-back line. The visitors' supporters were greatly delighted with the result of the match, for the Hollins Green team now have the satis- faction of taking four points from the Padding- tonians, and they appear to have a good chance of retaining their position at the head of the League Table. UP to date they have not suffered defeat in this season's games.

Garnett and Marsh were notable absentees from the Paddington team. Millington, late of Queen's Park hangers, has proved a great catch for the, Hollins Green Club. Throughout the game he could often be 'heard' giving advice to his colleagues, which, if followed, while ,the club can avail themselves of his assistance, should prove of great value to the younger mem- bers of the team.

The Warrington Association team paid A visit to the Potteries to play their return fix- ture with the Stoke Reserves with whom, it will be remembered, a goalless game was contested a few weeks ago on the Hood-lane ground. But on this occasion Stoke was represented by a much stronger eleven, only four players of th,e former team retaining their places, namely, Dennis, Brooke, Bentley and Greaves. On the other hand the Warrington Club were not able to call on the services of Siddall and G. Whit- field. There was no doubt that the record of the visitors had travelled before them. Under the name of Great Sankey P.C., they had gone 1 through three seasons without suffering defeat, and as the reserve team of Stoke did not suc- ceed in lowering the Warrington colours in the first engagement, they did not intend to allow the second attempt to pass without success. So successful were the Stoke team that they managed to get the ball into the net on seven occasions, and preventing their visitors from scoring at all. Brindle was the outstanding player on the Warrington team, and had it not been for his splendid custodianship the score would have been much greater. In the second portion of the game he came in for _special at-

iention from the home forwards, and sustained minor injuries, but was fortunately able to con- tinue the game until the call of time.

After a long run of success such as the War- rington. teaM, has enjoyed, , they • will scarcely bo able to realise that they were defeated by seven clear goals in the first match away from,home this season.

In the Warrington and District Junior League there were again some disappointments with the fixtures. Owing to the withdrawal of the Bewsey ..klbions the Stockton Heath Scouts were unable to, make other arrangements, and had an idle day.

The Bewsey Athletic were again disappointed n their fixtures, on this occasion the offenders wing the Latchford Cadets who, owing to some rifling differences among the players, could not .aise a team, and their committee had to cancel he match.

The Fairfield United Reserves journeyed to Padgate to play the C.L.8., and they returned with an easy victory, scoring on twelve occasions, whilst the Lads had only responded once.

On the Arpley ground the leaders of the League got a fright in their engagement with the Mersey Juniors. It was only after a. hard and strenuous game that the " Saints " gained the verdict by the odd goal in three.

The .Juniors are to be congratulated on the splendid fight they made with St. Elphin's. There is no disgrace in being defeated by the odd goal, hut the result of .this'game should give them more encouragement in 'their remaining fixtures. •

Waq it the absence of Boyle that upset the calculations of the St. Elphin's team?

Mr. Simpson has resigned the secretaryship of the Padgate C.L.8.. and Mr. A. Profitt. The Vernals, Padgate, has been appointed to fill the racancy.

The Warrington' Central had -a Pleasant out- inv.: and a good game last week, when opposing Widnes St. Mary's. The result was a eonifort- able victory for the Central by six goals against two. The Central committee have been very fortunate .in securing the services of Smith, st. Burnler•Reserve player, who has come to work in the town, and his display of last week greatly strengthened their attack, and he had a good [. -share in the spoils of their match. Mr. G. .13amber was persimded to take the field again, and officiate as Kitight of the Whistle. Both

===== 0002601_19151225_art0260.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY ATHLETIC v. ELMWOIOD CONGREGATIONALISTS.

PlaTed on Elmwood ground. Woodhouse started for the home teak:, but they were soon repulsed by the visitors' half-backs. The Sankey forwards took the game in hand and kept up a constant pressure until a dead-ball brought relief. From a Aish along the home right they opened their account, the inside- left taking the perfect centre. The visitors' goalkeeper failed to hold the ball shot in, owing to the turf being very slippery, and a goal resulted. This roused the Athletic, whose forwards made great efforts to equalise, and , were rewarded when E. Taylor scored from ten yards' range. Half-time: Elmwood, 1; Sankey,

. . The game becitme very fast and many in- juries happened on both sides. Sankey con- tinued to hold the upper hand and were awarded a penalty after ten minutes' play. W. Taylor was entrusted with the kick, but he placed outside. However, he soon made amends, for after placini, to Kenyon on the extreme left,., he received' the ' ball again and scored a splendid goal. This Proved to be the only goal in the second half. Result: Sankey Athletic, 2 goals; Elmwood Congregationalists, 1 goal. This makes Sankey's.reeord UP to date as follows :—Played, 12; won, 10; lost, 0; drawn, 2.

MATCHES FOR CHRISTMAS DAY

Warrington A.P.C. v. Kirkdale, at Wood-lane Warrington Central v. Sankey Athletic, al Penketh Recreation.

The Warrington and District Junior League Lave no fixtures for Christmas Day.

BOXING DAY.-MONDAY.

Warrington Central v. Sankey Athletic. a Victoria Park.

'fEMS

SANKEY ATHLETIC v. WARRINGTON CENTRAL.

Sankey Athletic.—.T, Gleave (captain); W. Brinksman and W. Payne; 3. Gough, 11. Ash- ton and J. Hands; D. Beddard, A. Brinksnian, W. Taylor, E. Taylor and G. Kenyon. Reserves: W. Beddall and G. Hunt. Kick-off, 12 o'clock.

Warrington Central: The following players are selected to represent the Central in both their Christmas fixtures: Williams; Glover and Sankey; Brown, Gilbert and Stevens; Warbur- ton, O'Neil, Fiamar, Hands and• Smith.

Well Matched. Captured German Officer (to English officer in charge of German prisoners): "You fight for money; we fight for honour." English Officer: " Ah, well! Neither of us seems to get what we want, do we ?'—"Punch."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0261.txt | included=true | included =====
WISE WOMEN

ir health must be interested in the MARVEL Whirling Spray SYRINGE.

•gienic, Con- ; ye. Physi- lmnicaid

Spray,and A descrip: ookle: which de:. with matte:, orp rticular import will be sent Post Froo by

MARVEL CO., Dep.27,1 %Queen Victoria St.,Loadon

As A SAM PERMANENT CURE, AND WARRANTED FOR Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema. Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, we can with confidence recommend Clarke's World- famed Blood Mixture. It is certainly the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light. Thousands of testimonials. Sold everywhere 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Adv. 3.

who study theil .r 4 Ple—safe---Hy, n q.',!.`%. '.,..,,11,:•.;.::-.‘, ve.sent and Effectt 'I cans and Nurses recommesil the Mar % el. A.,1: your own Chemist to show you a Marvel. See r the name vamped on the ' refuse all substitutes. ire I,r; tance if i

===== 0002601_19151225_art0262.txt | included=true | included =====
HAIR DESTROYER

James' Depilatory Instantly removes Superfluous Hairs from the face Neck, or Arms. without injury to the skin. Of moat chemists; or, free from observation, post free on receipt of Postal Order for Is. Bd., Bs. 9d., 01. sg.—Mrs. N. Luna . Caledonian Road, London. N.

You Can Rely On Clarke's 841 Ms a Safe and Sure Remedy. In either Sea, for all Acquired or Constitutional Discharges fro= Urinary Organs. Gravel, Pains in the Back and kindred complaints. Over 50 Years' Success. Of all Chem' sts, 4/6 per box. or Clarke's sent direct, post free. for Sixty Penny Stamps hi' the Bzil Pills Proprietors The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co.. Ltd.. Lincoln. (Free from Mercury)

Ladles! Wood's Challenge Remedy, Is guaranteed under the sum of £lOO to cure when others fail. Far superior to Pills, Pellets, or war Continental treatment. For all cases of irregulari- ties, however obstinate, CHALLENGE REMEDY is supreme. Price 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d. Special Ils. l'Stamp for Book of Requisites. Established 26 years. Mr. & Mrs. W. WOOD, LADIES' MEDICAL SPECIALISTS, 20. LOWS-STREET. LEEDS.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0263.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TO ALL SUFFERERS

If you feel OUT of SORTS 'RUN DOWN. 'GOT the BLUES' SUFFER from KIDNEY, BLADDER, NERVOUS DISEASES, CHRONIC YvEAKNESS,ULCERS,SKIN ERUPTIONS,PELES. write for FREE CLOTH BOUND MEDICAL BOOR ON these diseases and WONDEREUL CURES effected by THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. Nal Pio; THERAPIONI and decidefor 111 yourself it it is

the remedy for YOUR 0-v7IN ailment.— N-o-'follow up cir- culars. Send atamp address envelope to DR. LECLERC MED.OO.IIaVERsrocR Rp.l-lami'srEAD,Loßtion.ENG THERAPION either No. Price 29 LEADING CHEMISTS.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0264.txt | included=true | included =====
et, - ..- 44... . , ~.......1..,,,, „,..! .... . . . _...... . - - - - ~..-:.4...:7* ,- *- ':••• , ' - A , ,;„ . • '..-• • - . . .i . ... . . A . , , ...... 'qbAt'" . _... , . .. • • , : • tr‘, • .e. • '.. ..** .. , .. ... ..- ~:-' . , „ h, • : .s• ..,..,..„ . i •.. " . • ..., • . . ~ . 4 , ~ • l'•'•••• - %.. ' ' .. ..•*••••'' At - . • qa. t 4 -•-. .s. .. ~: --•„‘„... ...4.- , - • v • Ili\ . ' ..17....1- , - .• • a • • , , . .' a . •.! ' :;.4.....0 . ....- _ •• - ''''' . : ...: i, - , t\_l7l ..... . ... ' - - - •. t'-• - . . ... • •-_-- „, - -..-, •..*.z. -, - • iv. " - ."•• • .1 _.. - s• - -. it•-... -;,--... . , . , •.• ii. • '4. y .. ' :. •'. oar .., i .4''. . 1 / , , , , ". .41,11 .

===== 0002601_19151225_art0265.txt | included=true | included =====
:, : '11: . .. , ''U ' 'J .1, il, ( .4 : 4, , I- ‘1

-bxt. 41:r 411 4 • •• ' • ,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0266.txt | included=true | included =====
IO

SALES BY AUCTION

HENRY TAYLOR, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, ESTATE & INSURANCE AGENT, 15, BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. Tel. 228.

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER fiRRIES OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES:- WARRINGTON EXAMINER,

TAB

PRE TEE

RUNCORN EXAMINER. WIDNES EXAMINER,

TES

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER.

THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER. REPAID ADVERTISEMENTS' OF THE " WANTED " AND "ON SALE" CLASS ARE INSERTED IN ALL THE ABOVE MENTIONED NEWSPAPERS FOR ONE CHARGE ON THE FOLLOWING SCALES:-

One Three Six. Thirteen Weeds. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 .. 6d. .. Is. Bd. .. 2s. Od. 3s. 9d. 14 .. 9d. .. la. 10d. .. 3s. Od. .. 6s. Od. 19 .. Is. Od. 2s. 6d. .. 4s. Od. .. 7s. 6d. 40 .. Is. id. .. 3s. id. sa. Od. Ad. 49 . . Is. 6d. .. .. 6s. Od. 10s. Os.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0267.txt | included=true | included =====
Shops, Businesses, &c.

ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO SELL are advised to consult Mr. Cowden. 47. illankeutriet, Warrington. -

FISH and Chip Business for Sale, with Gas Engine, Washer and Range; almost new; must sell, owner leaving country shortly.-35, Clarence- street, Burnley. GOOD Mixed and Drapery Business combined; centre of Oldham; thickly: populated; splen- did bargain; little money required.—A. Faulkner, 6, Albert-street, Oldham.

VALTJABLE Corner Shin) for Sale, No. 142, Church-road. Haydock. In very good condi- tion; large yard, 2 cellars, bakehouse, stable, &c., &c.; cart entrance to yard. Recent Government valuation t 480 shown; accept 350.—Write Box 8.L., " Examiner " Office. Warrington.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0268.txt | included=true | included =====
Wanted.

ARTIFICAL TEETH, DISUSED, BOUGHT. Full market price given; also for platinum, old gold, mercury, silver, old jewellery. Call or post; parcels received, cash by return. If not satis- fied, goods returned immediately.—.T. Lea and Co., 56, Green-street, Bethnal Green, London.

VICTORIAN Postage Stamps.—The Inland Revenue Dept. notify that these are no longer available for postage, but may be exchanged for current stamps of equivalent value up to December 31st. I will give 25 per cent. to 60 per cent, or more (cash) above their face value for these, unused.— Write'H. J. Adams, St. John's, Oakwood Avenue, Beckenham, Kent.

WANTED, Chairs, Tables, Sofas, Bedroom Suites, Pianos, Wringers, and all classes of Furniture and other Effects. Prompt cash and high- est prices given.—Bootle Auction Rooms, 76-78, Ilitenky-road, Bootle, Liverpool. Warrington and district visited twice weekly.

WANTED, Two Loads MARL or Good SOIL; must be cheap; Latchford Without district.— Write Box 41, " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

Situations Vacant.

AGENT Wanted; good book vacant; "Lady not objected to "; exceptional opportunity.— Apply S. B. Pickerill, 47, Sankey-street, Warring- ton, any morning before 10.30 RET.

CA_ _AKER Wanted for St. John's Presby- terian Church, Wilderspool-road, Warrington. —Write to Box 146, " Examiner " Office, Warring- ton.

CURTER, steady, Wanted; wages 29J- per week.—Apply, stating experience. to J. Taylor & Co., Ltd., Fruit Preservers, Radcliffe, Manches- ter.

OHIRTMAKERB Wanted, experienced; beat work.—Smith. Market Place. Warrington.

SPARE TIME Agents Wanted, men and women. Nothing to purchase, no samples, liberal commission.—Manager, 5, Salop-street, Bishops Castle, Salop. Yo

UTII, smart Wanted, as Apprentice to Gent's Outfitting Department. —Apply J. & W. Dutton, Ltd., Sankey-street, Warrington. 217011TH Wanted, about 15 .or 16, for Coal Office,—Apply, before 11.30 a.m., Crompton and Shaweross Dallam-/aned Warrington.

_ ---- 22 WEEKLY.—Envelope ana Circular Ad- dressers required (work home); send stamped envelope, own writing.—Advertising Co.. Great James-street. London.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0269.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Servants.

AMIAWCII, Anglesey: Mona Private Hotel.— Cook-General at once; experienced; good reterences; age, wages expected; railway fare here refunded. —IOOKS7-

Housemaids, Generals, Girl Helpers, Wanted; some for master and mistress only; others, 1 lady, 2 ladies, 3 ladies; others, small families; now and dates up to February lst.-181, Morley-street, Bradford. TET

===== 0002601_19151225_art0270.txt | included=true | included =====
'tq-r- - :-,

_RAL, experienced, Wanted; Protestant; good wages.—Mrs. Crompton, Artcliffe, Lobtock, Bolton.

OK

COOK-GENERAL Wanted, about 25; thor- oughly clean and capable; Protestant; per- sonal references; good wages.-22, Lirnedale-road, Allerton-road, Liverpool.

COOK-GENERAL or ex-Kitehenmaid Wanted; two in family; two maids kept. —Apply Miss Kershaw, Hurst Leigh, Broughton Park, Manches- ter.

COOK-GENERAL and Housemaid-Waitress Wanted after Christmas; experienced; good references; under 35; state wages.—Mrs. Morrell, Redlyn, Gateacre.

COOK-GENERAL, Superior Maid, Wiii"Fi ed; family 2; all duties.—" Balholm," Waterloo Park, Liverpool. GENERAL Wanted, 25 to 40; small wash; references; abstainer; X 15.-9, Albert Drive, Aintree.

r_t ENERAL SERVANT Wanted; family, of 3; ‘..31- no children.—Mrs. Adamson, 17, Wigan-road, Leigh, Lancashire.

GENERAL (young, respectable) Wanted; good reference required; no washing.—Apply 45, Station-road, Ainsdale, Southport.

GENERAL, experienced, Wanted age 24 to 30; two in family; references.—McCallister, Mar- ket-street, Westhoughton, near Bolton. GENERAL (good) Wanted; one between 25 and 30 years of age preferred; two in family; wages 9s. per week • reference required.—Apply Mrs. Martin, Lower Wood Bank, Darwen. GENERAL, good, Wanted, age 20-30; family three; no children or washing; good salary; comfortable home to reliable maid.—Mrs. Wood, Cheddleton House, Prestwich. GINER-XL, experienced, Wanted; must have good references; wage .7s. 6d.—Mason, 15, Hyde-road, Gorton. VrENERAL Wanted; housework, plain coaling; no washing; £lB.—Apply evenings or by letter, Ashleigh, Peel Avenue, Bowdon. GENERAL Wanted at once; two in family; reference required.—Apply Vine Inn, Ken- nedy-street, City, Manchester.

- -,- - -_----.._-- _—__, 61.TNERA, good, or Mother'a Help__— Wanted; wages £3B to £24.-564, ,Prescot-road, Old , Swan Liverpool. _ _

GENERAL (experienced) Wanted; also Housemaid.—Apply, stating when at liberty, experience, age, wages, &c., to Mrs. Prestt, Doug. Jae Bank House; Wigan. GEgtRAL Wanted at once, with good know- ledge of cooking; wages £2O; about 25; small wash; excellent references required. Also House- maid, about 20; wages flit—Hughes, Edgeworth, Ebberston-road, Colwyn Bay. GBNEBAL (young) Wanted; fond of children. —Mrs. Bowlaad, Fairhaven, Norman's-place, Altrincham. GTE

NERALt respect Ole, Wanted; small riltbheeTaatler. natings,—.29, Bignu-street, tTheøtham4ll.ENE4Al4 Wanted st once; small family.— V; Ain" 04, Iffellingtpu.road, Whalley Range, slithoiotfli

(experiel—ced) Wanted; family, lady, gentleman and little boy; wages £lB- - Clayton, 116, Halifax Old-road, Hud- dersfield.

GENERAL, reliable, Wanted; quiet situation; family two.—Gardner, Pennington House, Spring-road, near Wigan.

-aIRL (respectable, 18- to 20 years of age) Wanted as General Servant; to assist in all household duties; comfortable home; small modern house; two in family; wages £l6; insurance paid; references required.—Write Mrs. Nicholson, £6, Cromwell-road, Stretford, Manchester.

lIOUSEIiAID-WAITRESS, immediately.— Matron, Children's Hospital, Leasowe.

TTOIT!

EtIAID-'

'AIyRESS, good, Wanted;

_ in family,- must have god' reference; wages .222 to £24.—Brooklands, WorsleY-road, Swinton. I SINMDIATELt, experiended Maids, every capacity; Cooks, Parlourmaids, Nurses, House- maids, Cook-Generals, under-Nurse, Generals, Kitchenmaids. Young Girls; excellent engagements. —Ladies' Guild, Blundellsands, Stamp.

MAID, young, Wanted, 17 to 19, to assist 17.11 housework; good home; wages start £l4; expenses paid.—Hess, Ennerdale-road, New Brigh- ton, Cheshire. IC/PERSON, superior, Wanted, as Mother's 1. Help; fond of children.—Robertson, 71, Alex- andra-road, Southport,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0271.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I=ll.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0272.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ABM

===== 0002601_19151225_art0273.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0274.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
~J_

===== 0002601_19151225_art0275.txt | included=true | included =====
Hotels, Boarding Hawses, Apartments,

===== 0002601_19151225_art0276.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Eggs, Poultry, &c.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0277.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Education.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0278.txt | included=true | included =====
AMBULANCE DRILL.

New Class To Be Formed At AVarringtou.

We have this week received a letter in the following terms : " You would be doing a great gatiee to num- bers of men who have signed the attestation forms for service in the R.A.M.C. if you would say where they can drill. They have no instruc- tions where to go for training instruction, as the ambulance class in Warrington was dropped when Dr. Law went to France."

Our correspondent is scarcely correct in bis statement. There have been four classes in Warrington ,since Dr. Law left for active ser- vice, Dr. Law and Dr. Manson having conducted them, and many men have thereby been added to the ranks of the R.A.M.C. But lately the Parade Room at the Police Station, where. the Brigade met and drilled, has been used by the workers under Lord Derby's recruiting scheme. Another class will be started in January, and if the Police Station is not available, the Cairo-street Schoolroom will be used, as it has already been used.

All information will be given most gladly by Superintendent Baldry, 125, Church-street, War-

===== 0002601_19151225_art0279.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Medical.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0280.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Money.

-

===== 0002601_19151225_art0281.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19151225_art0282.txt | included=true | included =====
c EXAMINER, SATUR DA V. DECEMBER 25) 1915.

WOUNDED WARRIORS.

FRODSHAM AUXILIARY MILITARY HOSPITAL.

More Beds Provided.

A new ward, to accommodate fifty patients, and providing rooms for the addttional burstaf• staff, erected at the above hospital, was opened by Colonel Gemmel, of the Western Division, last Saturday afternoon. The hospital now con- ;tains 120 beds.

The Colonel, addressing a large attendance of the friends of the hospital,, thanked the com- mittee, an behalf of the authorities, for their endeavour to aid in the work of caring for the wounded soldiers. When the urgent appeal came from the War Office for additional beds in that .area, he replied by the same evening's post that he ecuildarnange for an additional 1,106 beds. If all the counties had responded as liberally as Lancashire and Cheshire had done, there would have been a sufficiency for all the demands. The additional roams there were most satisfactory, and he was sure that the men who were sent to the hospital would have the best attention by the matron and,her willing staff of workers. Mr. J. J. Crosfield, proposing a vote of thhnks to Colonel Gemmel, said the committee were greatly indebted to him. At the opening of the hospital, he '(the speaker), asked for help for its maintenance, and as there had been such an ample response, the committee thought it was their duty to enlarge the hospital, and they had done what they thought was needful. They would wish him to extend to Colonel Gemmel a cordial invitation to visit the hospital in the summer, so that he could see for himself what bright sunshine and the needful care could do for wounded " Tommies." applause.)_

_ The vote was carried unanimously, and Colonel Gemmel reiterated his thanks for thP work achieved by the committee, and thanked Mr. Bower for his interest in the various details of the institution.

The committee expressed themselves quite satisfied with the newly-completed additions. The main structure was built by Messrs. J. G. Davies and Co.; the decorations had been carried out by Mr. John Barrow, and the store- rooms, &c., adjoining was the work of Messrs. R. Gleave and Son. The hospital, with its additions, is now able to accommodate 120 patients.

Miss Marie Houghton At Whiteeross.

On Saturday Miss Marie Houghton gave her sixth concert for the entertainment of the wounded soldiers at the Whitecross Military Ho:Vital, and a capital programme was pro- vided. Amongst the items contributed by Miss Houghton, in her usual finished style, was the song "Keep the home fires burning. which is becoming very popular, amongst the boys at home and abroad. Miss Doris Reid gave several pianoforte solos, which were greatly appreciated. Miss Cooler (contralto) was in good voice and heartily applauded. Mr. Pearse sang with great effect, and the humorous items provided by Mr. Charles Lambert were both interesting and en- tertaining. He was particularly successful in his coster selections.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0283.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF REV. OWEN WATKINS.

Former Warrington Wesleyan Superintendent Passes Away.

The Rev. Owen Watkins, who was Wesleyan superintendent minister in Warrington in - the 'nineties, died on Wednesday after a few, weeks' illness. He was superintendent. of Chelsea Wesleyan Circuit, and father of the Senior Wesleyan Chaplain at the Front. Mr. Watkins was of Welsh descent, and was born at Worsley, in Manchester, in 1842. ,He was accepted for the ministry in,1863, and after some years in the home work a threat of con- sumption compelled residence in South Africa. In 1876 he was appointed by the Missionary Committee to the charge of Maritzburg in Natal. After three years' work there, during part of which he acted as Wesleyan chaplain to the British forces in the Zulu War, he was corn- missioned by the Missionary Committee in 1880 to form a new district and extend Wesleyan missions in the Transvaal. Unfortunately, the outbreak of thd Boer War delayed this work, and 'again Mr., Watkins served as chaplain to the Forces. When peace came he began his pioneer task, and as chairman and general superintendent of the Transvaal and Swaziland District from 1879=93 he organised and developed this large and flourishing branch of South African Missions. .In 1884-5 his unique know- ledge of native life caused his appointment as adviser on Baralong affairs to General Sir Charles Warren in the Bechuanaland Ex- pedition. In 1889, when the Chartered Company was formed, and the Colony of Rhodesia founded, Mr. Watkins was appointed by the IMissionary Committee to- establish a mission there and make arrangements with the com- pany. After carrying out this task Mr. Watkins made an arduous journey on foot to his home at Pretoria. A severe illness followed, which com- pelled his permanent return to the English work in 1893. At Warrington, Llandudno, Car- diff, Reading, Aldershot, Westminster and Chelsea he rendered able service. A short, sturdy man, with something of the Boer in his aspect, his stentorian voice was a familiar sound in the Conferences as he kept a watchful eye on the platform. He was a genial and lovable man in personal intercourse, modest about his life-work, and cherishing to the end a consum- ing love of Boer tobacco. He was in his 73rd year.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0284.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ORDERS OF OUR FRIENDS.

By W. Stewart Royston, in "Great Thoughts."

There are three Orders to which we belong and from which we choose our friends.. In the lowest of the Order we prefer .to have no choice because it consists of those people who are selfish in thought, word and deed, and who are spiteful. jealous, and who never have time nor desire to encourage or help anyone who try to do good. We do not desire to associate with them be- cause if we did their mental food would. be our poison! . The second Order consists of those we dearly love .and it is from this we choose our true friends, for we find them so thoughtful for us, so' kind, and ever ready and willing to help us with their cheery words and their silver if need be, though more often it is the first-named was most needed than the latter

It is from this Order we gather trust simply because we have trusted them, even though there are those who break ohr trust when it has been witnessed on a. scrap of paper! in this Order of friendship we find some of the most precious gems, much more valuable and helpful to us than those in the windows of the jeweller!. To be with them in mind and body is to be in their safe keeping! The third Order is. the. ideal, and we can only hope to reach by. imitating the beauty of good souls. Many of those in this Order are beyond anything we can say or do for them, but we can say theirs is the living influence within us, it is their past in our future hope, and they are far away from harm and need none of our help now, but we need' theirs!

If we give the matter one moment's thought. are there not some we know quite fit to he num- bered with those in our third Order of noble friends who are with us to-day? When they are in trouble we appeal to the King of our earthly kings, and when we are suffering their appeal goes, too, up for us!

_ Would not our life be less worth living if it were not for our friends?

===== 0002601_19151225_art0285.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN LIBERALS' SEWING CLASS.

Lady Crosfleld Appeals For Funds. Lady CroSfield, president of. the Women's Liberal Association, writes us to a' that:— "The sewing class of the Whrrington Women's Liberal Association is again in urgent need of -funds to enable it to continue the good work it - carried out .last year, when so many thousands of garments were sent out to our soldiers at the Front. How much this good Work adds to the comfort and helps to safeguard the health .of many hundreds of Warrington men now fighting for our country and Empire will be obvious- to every one, and I hope there- fore that -this appeal will meet with such generous and widspread .response as will enable its to equal and perhaps even exceed the results of our efforts of last winter. I. therefore feel sure you will give your kind And favourable con- sideration and .your support to sp deserving a cause."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0286.txt | included=true | included =====
"BETTY" DUE AT THE ROYAL COURT.

The New Musical

The managers of the Royal Court Theatre have secured. a strong attraction at their theatre for Boxing Night, and the following five night's, for "Betty "—whiCh is being pro- duced in Warrington for the first time—is a musical coanedy that has gained an excellent reputation both in London and the provinces. The story of "Betty" is as follom4:—Betty is a kitchenmaid in the employ of Gerard, Earl of Beverley, heir to the Dukedom of Crow- borough- Gerard's father, the Duke of Crow- borough, politely but firmly informs his son that unless he takes unto himself a wife the greater part of his allowance will be cut off and a very material alteration made in the

===== 0002601_19151225_art0287.txt | included=true | included =====
Play Appears At Warrington Next Week.

Duke's will. Gerard determines to obey at least one ition of his father's command, and sending for the kitchenrnaid, who had already given evidence of her charm and vocal talent, forthwith proposes to make her his wife, and Betty, who thought Gerard a perfect Prince Charming, modestly signifies her willingness to become a future Duchess. The ceremony takes place, and then Gerard has his revenge on both father and bride by refusing filial duty to the one and declining to make his home with the other. Betty is taken in hand by good-natured Lady Playne, who has something of a handful in her own rightful lord, and the young Countess blossoms forth into a very bewitching Society lady. So much so that,

AN ELABORATE SCENE IN THE PLAY.

Gerard (who had been unwillingly attracted by her sweet personality on the occasion of their wedding) comes to the conclusion that he was rejecting a good sporting chance of excep- tional domestic happiness, and as Betty, with womanly instinct, realised that only a very little stood between her and her heart's desire, it may be taken for granted that the taxi-cab ride on a beautiful warm night was fraught with potential bliss.

The cast for Monday next includes: Miss Dorothy Hersee, Miss Chris. Vincent, Miss Olivia Glynn, Miss Yvonne Betts. Miss Dorothy Vitgers, Mr. Ernest R. Hollway, Mr. Fred Randall, Mr. Haydn Scott, Mr. Fred Payne and Mr. Myles Clifton.

:' •'' • ••••• - :::••••••./..:k:.',-.-::••••••••• • •... :.:,....:,,i4:_!?:•.;;,...i-..:,:.;..:•404,00.tf.A41,1t'-,••••• i •" '''..,:',..,......... 2.-''',0:::i4.E.:t:4;::,:.%.::::;::::;4';'.'..'... ' s• • ' ..Y... . .. .....: .....4k:,:::::-.44.+.• .'....,.13:::::::::::;?':•:•:;i4..,$•:":4',,,.::. • ~‹ . ~ zp.a, • ''',0.45"''.4::*,3.04.-:,:i':ti10.Wiii51..:....2..';'.- ''': ' '!•:ttfifso:l:*.ii:VA ': ' ' ' . . • '::: .. .. ....:,,,::::".-.;-.'11*:.. .:. :•A''ct:.;4, ' 4r0ti'g,.0;::.....,:..ii:: it-..:,......;::;.....:.:..::.i.:...',ik:.;.:.,..,.......,;.........::'.:::::;.::kAri*:5iQV.;491:42?.41.4ffi'....' . ' ~ :. :':...'i.:-.....: '....: :-... .........'....ifiqt.::::..;144t..:.. . . ..1..:::..:'::::t;I:::••3:::44.::- '''...-.:4°-11?.1::::."...i.k.:'!:".:::::::.....:.: ' #*l.l':"::.g;lfig]e;:iSiFf.A.?,:i.':.;:o:::7%:::.N' !...:'...'.t:,4.'..i.:fiA;'li.ZisSl.l3:ilA':':..l.ii:. .. ':''. . .' . ..':.'"-''Y....::.'f''''.l:.:'::: . ' ' ' ''.' ' . - -..' . ;....:::::::;n:.•'' N.. i',',.::::: ---t0..—.40....4..-.:. --a.:V.1'...t.:.:.. : •-•-. . • ' .. . -7 '. •! ''' :.' '', '::". ' ::::.•-•..:,:-.....,:.:..:-:::::::....:: .. ' ..- . ' ' .-.'... '''' .-....... 11— '-': —,6 '''''.P...4% . ' . -...1'.:......,.....,..-.... .- ... ' -.-- '- ...- '• - ..: ,'- - * ...i.::: .....::'.. :::•.:',:..-'...' .. . .- . .... ~. , .•.;!:.;',.0. 11. • * .:'. ..: .., . -•Ag',41....:1::......:i::::... ...4'.:-...,.:....... . - . , . - . i,'.....i.5.,-...,.;'''..,,,,`;:: ::'.. :::,... .. '. . r ' -; ' .... . . .::i;r:24.1'...015:tit1k4'. . - .- . . 3§..,''''' ... .... . ... .. • ... . : „-'.-- '. ' ' . :, . . .4.(-04•Ii, _.:Mt,i.,4',:4,,::4:.... 5'.A..,::::?g..i.::...-... ,fft-'';l•Zigit:*;t:iL7.!,:;:.::.,:A:k: ' >." ' ' ..' .'::;.4.;-. -..;.: 4 ' ''', : ''..,.. -:,::', ~,'''', :‘ ;g' • 7.:; ~ ~,,;•,:?k?... - ... . . . : . - ' ..' -... ,:.4.-.:',... '- ' .--: .., 1 is.'°:.::;1:14:::.::'-'4,-:'::AL."-:-.::::).*-;:i0AH.:;:; ~,., ~,.,..1'.'1.. .. ''''''*, ' - -.<:- •'' . -0.;:: ~.i.:. •"' "I'' ' -1..-:, -. '-. . . —' . • ; .i.,,,\''.•;::::... -.-......,::•3,..::::"..:':::ik. r.,,,:.:,:.:•3:k.:-.0i1„..,-.74.-4.,4;:iffr.:5]'..,..:,- .v!...ttle: 7, :-.,' i ..i.,, ~,,:i....,,.... .. ,- , -`,-• -,, .;x:....- ... . - .. .. . . . .....i§ir?p..?::..ii...-5::::.,..:::..,-,.„,..:,.;,::::. :.• . , - . ..::.' : . .. . - • .• . ;,,,,..t, ' • .., . ,:.;:I:.'{' A' ' : ' :..: .: ', . ' ' ' . • .. - ' . .••' ' ' " . . Q. .;:;':?..:..2".'.''' '.!' 41 .'544 . • . ';'..:14i..,,:k.i.`,..,,• '. - ' . ..-. . . •.,. •,i , .. ..,,.. * L 41{, ' 4.. , ~....1,..,:-: i--,.: .. . • '....., .Y.,. - . 0.!.,:i..ift..)7 :.•,' '..,',. ~,, e ;?...,.i:*, \- -.- . . -,:,:,... , . '..s':.. • . .:,k3:....•',':•• • -A,02,. ...:::- f ' ...••'.... *. ' ..i".„ ...:..:.. .. ..:it..hh,,c:i. ...„..... e< - .... .4;10'. ,g 1 'l'w ' i,.....:::,,...:..,-',--'-'. , ......?::f..:•.Ws::: ....<— .. - .-.-..:..:::.;',.....,. .. „.„..,... s ' ::•,:i <40:::.:i:s . .. ..... .ii.,:.:„. :_...: :I'm i:::::::..........',.;,..i.:, , Q 11::, - ' .::::, -(.:?: .. 'V ' '1*:10:i: '...1..• ~......• :-.......i:::!:::.:.:;..?•:::::::..,..:::::;....W.::::::::::.:.,....:{i:.;:„Ii:i . •;,-..:•• .:::... •:'..:::: '-: ~.....- ..1';':-....:::::?..:::0.:it:::::.::::::'::::.;.:::..• g:. is, 1 ''l ~ . . .iii,, i... 5,.., ._..5.. . ...:: ...,.:.r.r.,.:.........*::.:............::..ii.:::::.:::.W:ik.. .... i I .1 .. • ~.,...• • •, / . ...!! .‹... .:••:-'3.-.. .-:.:-. ss.''. .............,................... :-.:...-.: . :.:...t. : i,..- .. ;;,;::::::.iia. '....'. ....,,,, ......j::::: ' ••:::::•:::;,.,::: .. - ..L.. .. . . , .. ... ...... ~ . , .„. ::..<4'** #..' ' ' ; :.......;\o:' ...ii''...r . . •iii -. . • . .` - • . . geltr... .•, . - z .... .. .' • • ' 4... i..'..,. * -'• ' :.''........j:.. - Y.:l ..,.4 ~ .. ... .-. : : . . . . .. . . . kr-..... t .. ~.,, ..: .. ....,...:........ . ...:„ ..:„,........,.. , . . :- , . . .. . ...... . '- 2: :.....i:.... '... -.......-if . . .... ... ~.:::.--:.':...::..:,...; .i.ii:.N. ~, ~ ..:::: .:•,:.i,,...Aigi-a,,,;.:1.:,..;.,•:..,.k0 -, •-• .... .. ..:—. . . . I' ‘•-• -:.:......i.: .• . '-' ... ...'•••••.r.4Slifli;•-'.............-'::':.. I' .• •;. • .. .. - ...: ... -. . .- ... ..... . .'. f.... . • . .. . .. i •• • „.....:„.•.:::••••.• ... ....: . . ...-:. ... .. ...-... ..........,......... . . .. • •• •..-. ...• . ............:., -....... . • . ...:i.:, •• •,......., - .. . . 1 i ~ ~ :. ... . .. .. .. ........„...,..: •••••••• .... ~.:.-.. .. •...... ............. ........„,....„,...:„.:;.„....:.:::::,••••:,..„..—.•••••...... ..... ... - • s•—• .- . - :.-- • •• / 1 _ .:...•. > ~: , .

===== 0002601_19151225_art0288.txt | included=true | included =====
STORIES FROM THE TRENCHES.

"PUSH-AND-GO."

An Exciting " Game " In The Trenches.

Mr. Charles Nurse, 165, Bewsey-road, War- rington, who is well known at Bewsey-raiad Wesleyan Church, has this week received the following letter, dated December Bth, from his son, Rifleman Nurse, of the King's Royal Rifles: "It is about a week .since I wrote you, but the lapse is no fault of mine. Writing was made impossible owing to the conditions we were in. We came out of the trenches last night. They brought us to a fine barn, and I slept like a top. I received your parcel and also one from Bewsey=road Chapel. It contained cigarettes, chocolates, and a writing pad, all of which are very good and useful. We (his brother and himself) are both quite well, and in for a good time, for we are going to have at least a week's rest. The cake and mince pies were lovely, and we thoroughly enjoyed them. Wally and I have been despatch carriers while in the trenches this time, and it isn't half a game of push and go.' The officers would not have anyone else do this work only the two Nurses. It was exciting at times, as we had to run messages during the day. Nevertheless, we came off all right. Now I must close,' for we have to be washed and cleaned ready for dinner."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0289.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD FROM THE BRINY.

Warrington Sailor Who Is Still "hobbling About On Top."

We have received the following characteristic British Jack Tar's letter this week : "My Dear Editor,— "Just a line to say I am still hobbling about on top. If you remember last time I wrote you I was on H.M.S. different clime to this. lam sorry to tell you, though, I am at present out of action—slight love tap on left elbow. Nothing to speak of; shall probably be On deck again, as they say, about October, the end of the Month. "Well, Sir, I suppose the people at home are wondering what is being done out here, seeing what appears to be to them but little progress is being made. Just a day or two out here would satisfy their curiosity I can tell you, for a More God-forsaken country than this would be hard to imagine. You see, Sir, the country itself Is full of natural defences, and we are climbing all the way, whilst the other fellow is looking down on you. If you want him you must climb to get him. Taken altogether, ho is a cleaner fighter than the despicable German, although he in- variably presents a pitiable spectacle when he is brought in prisoner. "We are waiting for the weather to cool a bit, for just at present the flies are terrible; in fact, you have to keep your food on the move,. or else they will have as big a share of it, as you yourself. And the sand! Oh! the sand! It's lovely. You are eating sand, drinking sand, and sleeping in sand! "Never, mind, sir, the victory will be worth all the more when it is all over; and I am just thinking I shall not forget to celebrate it when I get to dear old Warrington, should it be my luck.

"Hoping the dear old town is still keeping up its reputation, I remain, yours truly,

"A WARRINGTONIAN AFLOAT AND ASHORE."

===== 0002601_19151225_art0290.txt | included=true | included =====
NN MANAGER'S DEATH.

Weil-hnown Penketh Resident Passes

Away.

By the tragically sudden death of Mr. Edwin G. Medley, Sunnyside, Station-road, Pen- keth will lose one of those men who can least be spared from any community. Though apparently in good health on Sunday morning, towards noon he complained of feeling faint, and this feeling increased as time went on. Dr. Murray was called in, and later on Dr. Bowden was also summoned to his bedside, but despite all professional attention he quietly passed away at about 8.15 p.m., death being due to paralysis of the brain.

The deceased gentleman, who leaves a widow and three children to mourn their loss, was born in Liverpool 42 years ago. Educated at Rossall and Blair Lodge, he afterwards followed a business career with his father, Mr. Gerdld Medley. His residence in Penketh dates from the year 1901. From that time onwards he has placed himself at the public service in every good cause. A trqe sportsman and of exceptional character, he was ever ready to give a helping hand whereby individuality could possibly be de- veloped. At one time he held the rank of Captain in the local Volunteer Battalion. A keen tennis player and golfer, his services were requisitioned as captain of the Mersey Golf Club. As a staunch Churchman he was heart and soul in the Sankey Sunday School, filling the position of superintendent. Messrs. J. Cresfield's claimed his services as works manager, where his nevei failing tact and sound business qualities were thoroughly appreciated.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0291.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL AMUSEMENTS.

THE HIPPODROME.

A " Scotch " Week And A Splendid Programme.

The vaudeville menu this week at the Friars' Green house is ol an entertaining and bright nature, and one that is thoroughly enjoyable. One might say that it is a Scotch week, for there are many items on the programme to remind one of the land o' cakes and thistles.

Premier place is awarded to Duncan's Royal Scotch Collies, a " turn " which is delightful to both young and old. Trained to perfection, these educated canines compare very favourably with any animal performance at present on the music halls. Another item on the programme that met with a hearty reception was Jock McPherson, the Caledonian jester. in a charac- ter study entitled "The Shepherd." His im- personation of a Highland shepherd was both bright. and refreshing, and was capitally acted. The Musical McGregors, in their wonderful manipulation of xylophone and concertinas were also seen at their best, especially in their render- ing of "The Miserere," from " Trovatore." Worthy of note was Eugene Garadini, described as England's premier actor-musician, who de- lighted the audience with his protean dexterity, his impersonation of Listz being especially fine. One of the successes of the evening's entertain- ment was Harry Brown, coloured comedian, in his latest success, "Pack up all 'you've got," for his turn was both novel and refined. His efforts met with such success that he was re- called on numerous occasions. •

Ada Wright, in funny patter songs, and Jack Murray, comedian, together liith the Palace perfection pictures, conclude an excellent pro- gramme.

Holiday Programme.

The programme at the, Hippcdrome next week will be made up of a number of "turns," each of which is worthy of being -termed a "star turn." The Four Sisters Ruby i are direct from the London Palladium, and will present one of the Most charming and clever turns on the stage. Fine singing may be ex- pected from the .Four Shades, a ladies' vocal quartet, for they have gained a reputation in the vaudeville world. Arthur Vern& is a character vocal comedian of no mean ability; and George floss styles himself as a "topsy- turvy pianist and one-man music-hall." Two other excellent musical "turUs" are those Provided by Doraswami, the "man who makes a violin sound like an orchestra," and The Four Its—four refined young entertainers with their latest B:wigs and dances. But the great "tit-bit" of the programme should be the Lancashire comedy entitled "Listing far a Soldier," which is to be produced by J. J. Wild's Company.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0292.txt | included=true | included =====
FINE FILMS AT THE STAR

KINEMA.

"Excellent!" Such is a correct summing up of the programme presented at the popular Star Kinema House, Church-areet, this week. "The Second in Command," a fine five-part military drama, was the " star " picture. It was awarded the first prize at the Panama Exhibi- tion this year, in open competition against the leading film producers. Part sit of the "Adven- tures of Elaine," featuring "The Vampire," was another fine picture, and proved to be every bit as exciting as its predecessors. Scenes from the seat of war were depicted in the " Pathe Gazette," while a comedy entitled " Gertie's Joy Ride," fairly "brought the house down."

For the latter half of the week the premiere position will be held by that well-known picture "Antony and Cleopatra." Thel scenery and

costumes are super, the total cost of the film being f:40,000. Holiday Attractions.

A series of fine films will be shown at the Star 'Cinema next week. For the first three days "May Blossom" will be the " star " picture. and for the latter part of the week " Niobe " will occupy that position. Other good films will be shown. It is well that there are three shows daily at the Star. The times are 3, 7 and 9.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0293.txt | included=true | included =====
BOXING DAY AT THE OLYMPIA.

Big attractions have been hooked at the Olympia, Liverpool, .for Boxing Day, the chief of which is the Band of Ms Majesty's Cold stream Guards. One of the attractions is a troupe of artistes named the "Bogannys," who have Come specially from America • to . renew acquaintance with Olympia audiences; and are what Americans term a turn with "Pep." Cliff Berme, who is exhibiting his "Jack-Ass Family," claims .the credit of being the 'in- ventor of one of the best laugh-getting circus entertainments over presented. Rossi's Ele- phants deserve in their degree the description onc,e applied to an eminent body of ecclesiastic teachers—they are the "intellectual aristocracy" of the elephant world. These items, however„ are but a particle of the good things that will be at the Olympia on Boxing Day, and every- body who visits it will be assured of a good time. The commencing time is 2 p.m.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0294.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• I

===== 0002601_19151225_art0295.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'•-•

===== 0002601_19151225_art0296.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE MESSIAH."

The Musical Society At The Parish Church Last Night.

. Last evening the Warrington Musical Society gave a performance of Handel's most popular oratorio in the Parish Church in aid of the local War Funds, the society's own vocal and instrumental members being, with slight ex- ceptions, alone concerned in what proved to be a thoughtful and, in. many respects, quite adequate interpretation of this seasonable work. As there was a full attendance of a sympathising public, it is to be hoped that a substantial sum will have been realised for charitable purposes. Despite the • difficulties of properly Tnacing the society's forces in a sacred edifice, matters went fairly smoothly, only in one or two in- stances, where inter-action between vocal, soloist and orchestra was important, was any- thing noticeably faulty. Mr. J. H. Draper was heard at his best in the numbers "Comfort ye," "Every valley," and "Thou shalt break them," which he sang with quite appropriate expression, but he scarcely plumbed the depths ; of possible devotional feeling in the passion music commencing "Thy rebuke" and ending with the aria "But Thou didst not leave." For the music falling to the lot of Mr. J. B. Poole his voice and style are well-suited and everything he did from "Thus saith the Lord" to "Why do the nations?" bore the impress of his intelligent reading and artistic powers of interpretation. Mrs. Smallshaw's rendering of the contralto solos was in many ways praise- worthy, the unusually bright tempo in which she sang "0 Thou that tellest" imparting to it a 'degree of animation which is only too seldom found, in its presentment. Nor was her singing of the devout aria "He was despised" less appropriately soulful and artistic, an obvious sincerity of manner and intention being always distinctly in evidence in all she attempts. The soprano and mezzo-soprano solos were divided between Miss Hewitt, Miss Emily Taylor, Miss May Atkinson and Matter Neville Davies. The last-named was entrusted with the singing of "I know that my Redeemer liveth"—an experiment which did not prove an unqualified success, even with organ accompaniment alone. Young Davies's voice is remarkably full and sweet, and he has doubtless been admirably trained, but, last evening, his voice seemed unfortunately to be in that critical condition of being impossible to hold in control. There ,were consequently some liberties taken with the tempo and• Some haltings in the attack, which proved somewhat disconcerting. The ladies just mentioned quite satisfactorily sang the solos distributed amongst them: Miss Hewitt taking "Rejoice!" with , its, preluding recitatives, and Miss Taylor and , Miss Atkinson the twin arias "He shall feed His flock" and "Come unto Him." A plea- sant variation from custom was the singing by the principal vocalists of the two quartets Since by man" and "For as in Adam," in which the voices of Miss Hewitt, Mrs. Small- shaw, Mr. Draper and Mr. Poole mingled with a nice balance and a pleasing unity of effect. The society's chorus and orchestra both did well, attention, being given in the massed voices to many niceties of expression. and some ,nuanees which proved as admirable in performance as they were highly creditable to all concerned in them. In the more massive numbers there .was • noticeable a most impres- sive solidity and a fine volume of tone,, despite the fact that the ranks of the tenors and basses have of late years been _so largely depleted. _ _ _

Mr. Crossley conducted, Mr. Payton played the organ parts in the recitatives, adding also his quota to the sonorousness of the big chor- uses, and Mr. Darby, played, during the inter- val, an offertoire on two Christmas themes, by Gui -

===== 0002601_19151225_art0297.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEATHER TRADE.

Trade was moderate last week, says the War- rington correspondent of the "Leather Trades Review," since many people were either stock- taking or preparing for it, and were therefore only receiving goods for immediate need. For- tunately, some forward business was done, and a fair number of orders • are accumulating for delivery as January Ist. Naturally most at- tention is now focussed upon the 'trade Of the New Year, and the balance of opinion is cer- thinly for a brisk opening after the holidays. This is supported by the number of inquiries which are being made, which .are well in ex- cess of anything seen since the summer, and cover most lines of our production. A steady inquiry is made for Army bends, and with a fair proportion of the next two or three months' output already booked. I expect to see prices rapidly return to the old rates. The inquiry for light bends was equally strong, but with such e large proportion of light hides going for jug work, these bends seem even scare-ar than the heavies: 'Hides are dearer again, some markets showing an advance of more t.hz,n ner lb.. and during the week some ;Jig parcds of salted hides have been sold at fairly high prices.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0298.txt | included=true | included =====
SehOol Children's Holidays.

The scholars at the Secondary school and at the elementary schools commenced their Christ- mas holidays for the period of a fortnight yester- day afternoon, and will return to school on Monday, Janutiry 10th.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0299.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
J.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0300.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
__et 'if

===== 0002601_19151225_art0301.txt | included=true | included =====
• r,, • • • - - • - _ - - - - • _ . _ _ _

===== 0002601_19151225_art0302.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
El

<

===== 0002601_19151225_art0303.txt | included=true | included =====
sit

N

RAILWAY FARE ALLOWED.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0304.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL DISCOUNT FOR CASH ON

Dawson's Pianos

SAN KEY STREET,

WARRINGTON,

If YOU Desire to Combine

Style and Quality with Economy

FURNISHING your HOME

COMPLETELY OR IN PART, either for

eash

Out of Income,

visit the

===== 0002601_19151225_art0305.txt | included=true | included =====
PIONEER

9 to 19, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. The" Leadin- House of the North.

Printed and published by John Walker and Co. (Warrington), Limited, at the Bavarian General Printing Works, Bowsey-street, War- rington; also published by them at the EXAMINEE Offices, 2, Victoria-road, Widnes; 32, George-street, St. Helens; 3, Market-street. Ehrlestown, all in the County of Lancaster: and at Church-street, Runcorn, in the County of Chester.

===== 0002601_19151225_art0306.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
<

===== 0002601_19151225_art0307.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- 7:41 111

===== 0002601_19151225_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
40 • Mir. or OV *.AT MAKES A VERY ACCEPTABLE PRESENT! WE HAVE A CHOICE SELECTION. NEWEST STYLES. MODERATE PRICES. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 10, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON.

A [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] HIS CHRISTMAS SWEETHEART By OWEN OLIVER. wxx.

CHRISTMAS GIFTS. We have a LARGER SELECTION than ever before, and having FORESEEN and PREPARED for the INEVITABLE INCREASE IN COST, we do not require to Advance our . Prices, which remain the same as before— A GREAT ADVANTAGE TO INTENDING BUYERS TO-DAY 1 i,,,,,.......,,--.2. ...471-0.-42.. _r ..„,„..... ‘.\'°'*-.7.- '.-..1.±-i- . 2.7,--) E Wedding 4p.....;,,,,r_.....,..:.-__.. ~,...........,..or ne ---_____ fi jo, m'i - J",.. --- , ll -- - n. 4 ' 41:00P't flings, Mous. Ladies' Gold Triple Expansion Bracelet Watches, £2 10s. Od. to £lO. MAGNIFICENT STOCK OF LADIES' AND GENT.'S SIGNET RINGS IN 9 AND 18 CARAT GOLD. .. - ~ GOLD S NIITHS Sankcyrtreeti. ~ SILVERSMITHS _ - ~ „ • :,.1, - , ' ,'-,,,-Y.- 6-- MANION D ~,p4,,, !-, • I ''.. ~,:,. ME RC HAN TS ' -'''' ' ''''''''''''' ' ' . • , TELEPHONE No. 386. ,I :( ~ A

... USEFUL CHRISTMAS OIFTS. _, EASY CHAIRS, FANCY TABLES. -I,AI ICI: IN SEWING MACHlNES.iiithr.z \ REVOLVING BOOKCASES. .1 ---- t 1 1114 11 ' ' t. ~ , ~,, 1 OCCASIONAL CHAIRS. 11 tiglk - 11[14 ,!! 1 iiil . '. 'il BABY CHAIRS. : 1 Iwil 4 y'W ,tb Ii 13 ;ll* iSI 11_____, BASSINETITS. r't Illi :7=lll ,;:;,--1 rtj TRICYCLES. , AM iit ', '-- --) ~,.,..----...:_-_2l---i_e"; ROCKING HORSES. 4111111 °----;71:-7-----------Tiaii And Everything for the kvati at- ,••- Household. Pr" PENDLEBURV'S Cash Furnishers WARRINGTON.

JEWELLERY 1DTE1174.1, CHRISTMUS GIFT EvERYBODY likes to possess at least one or two articles of Jewellery, and when It represents another's love and esteem its value is doubly precious to the owner. As a Christmas Gift it easily ranks first among all others, and we have gathered together a really charmiug selection for the occasion. Call and see our Magnificent Display. All at inexpensive prices. - - J. F JEWELLER, INLAYSON9 THE RELIABLE 42, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

Established 1868. Telephone 584. CHRISTMAS, 1915. F. 8L J. RILEY, SANKEY STREET, for Reliable Game & Poultry Fish, Fruit 81 Vegetables. Perfect Satisfaction Guaranteed.

ATKINSON'S CAFE LTD 81, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, HAVE THE FINEST SELECTION IN Xmas Cakes, Xmas Crackers, Chocolates and Confectionery. PRIVATE ROOMS FOR WEDDINGS, WHIST DRIVES, Fice. DUNDEE CAKES A SPECIALITY.

KILLED. SECONDARY SCHOOL "OLD BOY" Who Died For• His Country In . Gallipoli. Last week we received intimation of the' death of Lieutenant Russel R. Bunting, an ""old boy" of the Warrington Secondary School, but too late to do more than refer briefly to the matter. Lieutenant Bunting was the ,son of Mr. E. Bunting, works' manager of the Newall Engin- eering Company, Walthamstow, who was with the same firm when they carried on business in Warrington. When in Warrington Mr. Bunting resided at 47, Walton-road, Stockton Heath. He now resides at 29, Falmouth- avenue, Highams Park, Chingford. Lieutenant Bunting, who was an only son,

;;• • .4:0-S4.1.M1444.4:` .4•••••'!'414'....*51 . • .• • ••• :.• . • 1.4.0 P • • ‘4,-,•,,w::;*"."okziw::::P:§i.o • :•••••: • \,„ i".%:l"att • .• fts xp • • LIEUTENANT R.. R—BUNTING. Killed in Action. . .

• . ' • • •41 • , , k- ' '4llit-ss. - •

Cigars are not too dear it you smoke YANDAS GARDENIAS, Equal to Havanas costing double. ASK for them or send P.O. 4, 114: 25, 7:9: 50. 15i— for Samples to STRETTON & CO.. 409 St. John Street. London.

Safeguard your Health with DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE THE RELIABLE FAMILY MEDICINE. THE BEST REMEDY KNOWN FOR COUGHS, GOLDS COLIC, AGUE, and kindred ailments. NO BETTER PRESENT to make a friend on active service at home or abroad than a .bottle of this famous Medicine. Of all Chemists: 1/3; 3/-, 5/-. ALWAYS ASK FOR A "DR. COLLtS BROWNER"

'----------=‘ 1' 1,;I: II ---- i r 0 I . '.(---.-- ,/ , .-----1 I 1 i' f. iAIIi , : - =-,4-..--_,_ fif 1 \ \ t ity i ----.....--__.-- --------E ii ' lij -- •;.•,. '-' -../. _-----—:7-_..______..__..g• LI ..:' L / ,7,y/4-, i ----------;l2irt,-;), 67. I, ,h'/ i" it" •/ , /-/•'';,• ''. 1 ..,_...--..._.:3„.:_•-:,. ~, , i,l ,lw IP 7,,e, //i, 'i . [ 1 -.---- t'" "-----'-___-:--.7:-liiii• ',II ~,m,l 4 I - - f 4.,..; ~,, •1; / - I t ~7'," -7--i--- ~ • .i 6 ..,-______tio'si , ivorpw, , ~ ~ ! 1. r / • ' 4", ._-t 0/41 , , F,:i . : .0 i ____,...__ it / .oir--•- .:•.-...- i , , ~ __tiikiw--Yz..,,,,ii. ~ ~//, ). , t, ~,,,,, __ ..,,,,/ !FPI/ 1/0,-;--- • 71./,' f„ ~ ...,------,----4. . ,• - ~ 4 -.--, , ` - '4-_-.,,,,_ ''' '' 1/ ' 1 /4 itil;:, , ,!:////2 •,/ 1,1 ''•4 i hi .712:: a' - }.4 • .- Z4:' :.-..''',..44, ' 1, 111 ifill _ ,r ----" ‹i'' ; ... • ' `'Z--''-'l'‘..4.:•*''',#4 :4 ' • 4.1.. ---- ov,-;,....c* • 44,.,2 ' : -:- --.. y.r.,......, ~....- , ..' it, - -------- , ..._--- _--- ____- . ,Ilt i '.•--_---_::::-_-::-.-_,..\ .. . ... -- _„...... , _ ..........- , , --,,•..- - - ~ ......-.-, ~, . I, 7 , ,_-_-_-----•_-_,..-::....7.--- , , s ~..---:.....- --: P----- lif -':" -•- - "'" 44\,''''''" • - ----7-7--r- 1 il. •!•••r. I• , ---------' _.----- -- PIK 0,. p, - ----- . I• , • !,,X.til . ~,,,- - - --, -__-7---.7..--;::--: f /1 p A . 11, •T/1 ----_----' h • : •,.....t. .„..; , .. ___,..- ~..- ~ ,•/, ~..- ---..., ;i, i 4. .. 4 ..----- ,l; .• lo,';,1, / 5..—_----- \,', ,7 \' k , ~, ,r- , o. _ -.• t.14:0%. 11`• """ ..... ' • ___-_-- , .„, .. c, t. . :-..„. -- . ----7---''. . . ,-,•-•,1,. , / '' • 7.1'..(.' t L '71.. ---------- i --,—__.#o., '. /i ......,___—.::-=-- 7" ; i .t, • •G----.4116.....n-- f $: . el*A.' . ' ...,-;"' - ......................,..4 ...-.................„-.." ..% • t 7 / ' / ' A .. Cscin: . . %. _ -,• , . , By permission of the proprietors of "Punch.' POLICEMAN 'cautioning Impostor): "An' not so much of the 'old soldier' stunt. There weren't no Bantams when you was flourishing."

--BRITISH COLUMBIA_ THE ORCHARD OF THE EMPIRE. The Canadian Province for "Mixed Farming. Fruit Growing, Dairyiw;, Stockbreeding., and Poultry Farming. A WORLD SUPPLY OF TIMBER FOR A WORLD MARKET. British Columbia has Timber in enormous quantities, in the largest sizes, unsurpassed in quality, • suitable for practically every use to which wood can be put. CANADA'S MINERAL PROVINCE. Total Mineral production from all sources to date over .2100,000,000. Full particulars on application to the Agent General for 8.C., British Columbia House, 1 and 3, Regent-street, London.

C ALCIS 44SisEL:Flaco saldiUß SAVES YOU TIME, TROUBLE AND MONEY. TRY IT TO-DAY I A

The Cornish Riviera FOR HEALTH AND RECREATION. THE CORN ISH RIVIERA is the ideal Winter resort of the British Iles, where the climatic and scenic advan- tages, usually assof,lated with foreign resorts, may be enjoyed to the full. It has a climate that is wonderfully mild and equable, and well favoured with health-giving sunshine, and possesses a coast scenery and countryside of marvellous beauty. Facilities arc afforded for all kinds of recreation. Full particulars of train services and fares can be obtained from Stations or Offices, or from the Superintendent of the Line, Paddington Station, IV. G.W.R. FRANK POTTER, General. Manager.

LOOK TO YOUR . . . FIRE PROTECTION AID TO MERRYWEATHERS' FOR FIRE EXTINGUISHING SUPPLIES. Inspections carried out by thoroughly drilled and trained Fire Inspectors. "London Made" Fire Hose, Hasid Fire Pumps, Chemical Estinctors, and Fire Escapes, ready for immediate delivery, MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, 1,9p3 WO, it GRESINWICIL

* THE FOOTBALL FIEL*• : ,

ALmANrAcK SHOWING PUNCH AS THE GERMANS WOULD LIKE IT TO BE BTAIN ABLE of all /fp 0 Newsagents and , Booksellers everywhere. - PRICE- SIXPENCE

i(OW To )(cep ftealthy Almost everybody requires at times a little medicine, that is at once cleansing and strengthening in its action. Men and women, even of the healthiest, occasionally need a reliable remedy which will relieve and correct liver, stomach and bowel derangements and at the same time, act as a general tonic. For these purposes there is no family medicine better than Beecham's Pills. So pronounced are the benefits derived from the use of this famous preparation that many people have come to regard Beecham's Pills as indispensable to the maintenance of health. Carefully compounded from specially selected ingredients of great medicinal value. Beecham's Pills may be confidently relied upon to correct to relieve strengthen and restore. Any disorders of digestion or run-down condition of the system should be treated at once with - 4.6 5 2•: • .. k, fs4 sa a • . , 4 .! .0_ • • fr, A 9 k PreSated only by THOMAS BEECHAM, St. Helens, Lmcashirt. Sold evcrywbeTe•

RHOS-ON-SEA Golf Club.—Resident Visitor.; 108. day, 255. weeik-end. VI 3s. week, includ- In g elay.

THE most severe egg-laying test on record proved that Karswood Poultry Spice contain- ing large numbers of ground insects doubled the egg supply and improved the birds. Full particu- lars in every packet, 2d., 6d.. la.—Peake, Chemist, Queen-street, Earlestown.

T ADIES. Nurse Hammond's Improved .ILAI Remedies act in a few hours when all else fails. Surprisingly effective. Send stamped an- velope for FREE SAMPLE to E. C. Hammond, 804, High Holborn. London. _ADIES.—Mre. W. Wood, Medical Specialist 14 in all Female Ailments. Irregularities, Anemia, etc. Do not waste time or money experimenting with unknown remedies when " Challenge Remedy" will cure you. Price 2a. ad., 4s. 6d. Advice free.— Mr. and Mrs. W. Wood. 20, Louis-street. Leeds. " 1,1 LANO" smooths chapped hands in one 1 application. Boxes 2d. at chemists—post free.—Milner's Chemical Co., Liverpool.

------- - - • 64 PAGE BOOK About ITERB-S ancl— to —How Ilse Them, free; send for one.—Trimnell, The Herbalist, 144, Richmond-road, Cardiff. Estab- lished 1879. '

GREGG SHORTHAND can be learned in one- third the time of older systems. First book of six lessons, together with interesting pamphlets, lc, post free, from Mr. T. LOWE, West View, Pen- keth, Warrington. STOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON HEATH. WARRINGTON. (3 minutes from Car Terminus.) Day and Boarding School.for Girls. Kindergarten, Preparatory School for Boys. Large house, exten- sive ground and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great successes in examinations. Prospectus, references and views on application to MISS PARTINGTON. Principal. _ .

MILE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. WARRlNGTON.—Kindergarten and Prepara- tory School for Boys.—Princinal, MISS DRING, L.L.A.A.C.P. Staff includes B.A. and L.R.A.M. Half-term commences November 10th.

Miscellaneous on Sale. ARTA RT CONNOISSEURS.--,Life-sized Oil Paint- ing," Adam and Eve," by Van Lerius; altar- anteed original. What offers? Also Bechstein Piano, £3B.—Cook, Manningham Hall, Bradford. Tel. 3000.

TIRAPER'S ORGANETTES, HALF-PRICE. Must clear. From 10/- each, including three tunes. DRAPER, Organette Works. BLACKBURN.

EARACHE.—Sulferers sending 7 stamps will hear of real remedy.—Senior, Cottage, East- bury, Lambourn. FLOWERS! FLOWERS! !—Fresh cut from grower from 2d. a bunch; latest designs floral tributes; Bouquets. Wreaths, etc., from 2s. 6d. —POWELL'S, The Market; also 12. Sankey-street, and Einem& Shop, Church-street. Warrington. Extensive floral grounds and glasshouses, Fearn- head.

" 'MELD SERVICE" OUTFlT.—Fountain 12 Pen, 14ct. Gold Nib, or Platinum Pointed Stylo, 3 months' supply Ink, in compact leather case. Vest pocket sae. All English. Splendid gift Navy, Army t• 7/6 each, packed post free. Money returned dissatisfied.—Milner, 14, Philpot-lane, London. _ GOOD ASHES for Disposal free. and sixpence per load given.—Apply St. Helens Cable and Rubber Co., Ltd., Warrington.

INVENTORS, communicate in confidence with English Firm (London), developing own Patents. Domestic inventions a speciality.— Letters, 8., 14, Philpot-lane, London.

ITN-FOAL MARE, 15 hands, 8 years old; Strong Cob, 15 hands; both splendid workers in any- thing; sound; £lO and £l6; month's trial. Two light Lorries, cheap.-17, Seaton-street, Minto- street, Kensington, Liverpool. TMPORTANT ALLY,The New Musical Snap X Cards, which stay to entertain and educate; 11- per pack, 52, 1/2 post free.—The Author, M. H. H: igginson. Ightfield, Whitchurch. Salop.

- - 'LIMNER'S Patent Cash Registers for all ILL Trades. British; splendid. value. Lists free. Local agent e wanted; good commission.-14, Phil- pot-lane, Lohdon. ON SALE, or Lend to good home, PONY, 5 years, 13i hands; also Governess Car (flat top), harness.-626, Ormskirk-road, Pemberton, Wigan.

ROLLER CANARIES, First-class Strain, Cocks. guaranteed full song; 10s. 6d., 128. 6d.; 7 days' approval; Hens, 3s. 6d.; club rung (private breeder).—Tornhnson. Clogger, 66, Pool-street, Wigan.

ROSE TREES.—Choice varieties, 6d. each, 58. dogen.—Harrow, 6, South-street, Ponders End. SMART Pony, Trap and for Sale.— Apply Mrs. Simpson. Halebarns, Altrinchem. QMPMiI Overstrung Pianoforte, nearly new, suit professor; cost 50 guineas; accept £2B 10s. —62, St. Mary-street, Warrington.

QT. BERNARD and Mastiff Bitch (fawn) for 17 Sale; give instant alarm; £1; bargain.— Leatherbarrotv, Kiln Lane Farm, St. Helens. rrtHE—crinaYs-- MUSIC- INSTRUCTOR, -1 simple and systematio;, 9d. post free.—A. Fillingham, A.R.C.M., The -Crescent, Roundhay, Leeds.

yOUNG PIGS for Sale.—Apply T. Cook, Willow Tree Farm, Burtonwood. WR Character and Destiny revealed. send 1/2, with full names, "pet" names, birthday. —Dionys Broome, 7, Ebury-street, London, S.W. /ZEPPELINS Torpedoed.—Play "Ripzep "; 41[41 exciting , skilful, mechanical; free 94d.— Hewitt, 211, Chester-read, Sunderland.

VITARRINGTON & SOUTH LANCASHIRE VT INVESTMENT CORPORATION. LTD. Registered Office: . , 11, MILL-STREET, WARRINGTON. The Corporation is prepared to make ADVANCES upon interests or expectations under wills and life policies, or other securities, or to purchase the same outright. For further particulars apply as above: J. GREEN CHAPPELL, Secretary. £5 TO .0,000 LENT D—ATLY ON 'MESE TERMS for agreed periods:- 45 loan, Repay 5 105. £25 loan, Repay 127 10s. 10 „ £3O „ „ £B3 16 ,; „ 116 10s. 50 „ „ 65 £20,, „ £22 £lOO,, ~110 No sureties, no delay, no publicity. Special attention to applicants from this district. CHARLES PAIKIN, 219, BRUNSWICK - STREET, OXFORD-ROAD, MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON-STREET (over Bradley's Clothing Shop). NORTHWICIL

A RE YOU WILLING TO PAY 4s. in the .4 AZ INTEREST for Money for Twelve Months? I LEND MONEY ON THESE TERMS. A £5O Loan will cost you £lO for 12 months: a £lOO Loan will cost you £2O for 12 months—other amounts in proportion. I do not advertise ridicu- lous terms, such as Is, in the £, which usually means for a period of one month. My terms are in plain English-4s. in the interest for 12 months. I GUARANTEE YOU ABSOLUTE PRIVACY. and Loans are arranged WITHOUT SECURITY OR SURETIES. All applications receive my personal attention, and loans can be granted on the same day as applied for. If desired business will be completed through the post. I am the Actual Lender. TRADING IN MY OWN NAME (not assumed or styled as a Bank or Company); you have, therefore, no commissions or fees to pay. A. D. DENNY, and 7. PALL MALL, MANCHESTER. 'Phone 6819 City. Telegrams: "Moderate. Manchester."

t-210 to £5,000 c‘soliuN,.l:::s.. AdV al:if nen?, ociryoi:s! . oateis.p.e id No 4404. Furniture without removal) Charge 41 c,.,, Repayments extended made unless • i Pi, over 1,2, business actually completed. w 4 (5' or 3 years G Promptress & Courtesy Ole accorded to each app:icatlon. t Special Rates on Life Policies.

a GLOB FURNISHING CO. PEMBROKE PLACE, LIVERPOOL. LEADING, LARCEST, and MOST RELIABLE HOUSE FURNISHERS. CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS All furniture we sell is manufactured under our own control and supervision. z ATISFACTION GUARANTEED OR MONEY RETURNED IN FULL Whether transaction is for cash or on easy payments, price includes FREE AND SAFE • DELIVERY TO ALL PARTS. Payments may he made either weekly, monthly or quarterly. We are always willing to arrange TERMS TO SUIT THE CONVENIENCE OF CUSTOMERS There is no interest charged, nor any extra charges of any kind. FOR CASH A DISCOUNT OF 2/- In the S ID ALLOWED You will save money in furnishing by inspecting our stock or sending or writing for our LARGE ILLUSTRATED sid, CATALOGUE Free by post or on application taLo Ei (J• R. ORANT, Proprietor). FURNISHING CO. PEMBROKE PLAGE, LIVERPOOL. Business Hours 1) to S. Ilarly Closing. Saturday t

ESTABLISHED 1834. 1111iWrD., BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. Fancy Bread and Biscuit Bakers HIGH-CLASS CONFECTIONERY, CHOCOLATES, And al) kinds of FANCY CAKES.

SPECIAL Xmas Cakes IN VARIOUS WEIGHTS AND FIRST _ ICED CAKES TO ORDER. _ ORDER EARLY.
