===== 0002601_19050729_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
CLEARANCE SALE.

BARGAISS IN HICia.CLASS DRAPHEY.

FURNITURE AND FANCY GOODS.

SRIDGE STREET, WARRING TON.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLAN LINE.-TO CANADA, UNITED STATISS RIVER PLATE. AIM INDIA. RAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. SIBERIAN St. John's 15. F. A Halifax .........July 31 VIRGINIAN Quebec and Montre.il Aug. 3 21311181 AN Quebec, and Montreal Aug. 10 Anterior accommodstion for lst,l2nd and 3rd classes. Special through rates to all points. • In

===== 0002601_19050729_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
, . ................. 1.7 . , .:1.1111. \ ..... 4h, '1 . . . . ..', ; . '.l. 4. Ai ~, .;•, SY ~. i !11, 1' '''' sjll' " . ' " ~... L,44.11111111Y;,,,,, .. - c'.. _...P.,, •":r'' . 4 `,... -..,v. . . .' i ' '. • v -.. ~xnLi i 1. L....

No 1371 ONE PENNY

snrrunßrony, JULY 29, 1905.

By Posr 12 73 per Quarter 6s 6d per ZIIII111:11 Is 9d per Quarter credit

===== 0002601_19050729_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
VOR SERVICE, large WHITE BOAR, out of Lindley Queen VII. 12662, by Walton Turk VI. 6609, —Hamm Farm, Weston, Runcorn.

GOOD-BYE TO TFIE DICNTIST ! NO MORE TOOTHACHE{ OR EXTRACJION PA,XoL (SATS Alf BMISENT Parsieux) " instantly cures the most desperate case of toothache and saves extraction." QUITE IstAGIOAL-WHILL WORTH A SHILLING A DROP. Bum 111. 313, TO PAXOL CO., DUFFIELD, DERBY.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
112 40

1 45

3 35

A Third class passengers arrive later. B Ten minutes later on Saturdays. c Via Kettering.

DERBY, JULY, 1905.

Itioilen

to .£S,OOO.—INIEREST 4e. in the £.--Call or ei write to MANAGER, 21 Dixon et.. Warrington.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURE FRAMER, MOUNT CUTTER, A

FINE ART DEALER.

5 20

5 37

7 .40

9 35

112 0

. DVi & Cheltenham, arrives 8-10 a.m. on Saturdays

JOHN MATH

===== 0002601_19050729_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
THII LARGEST STOCK OF

PICTURE OVER-MANTELS

IN THE TOWN.

135, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

I p.m. 855 11.) 33

id 11-2 a. m on Sundays.

ESON,

GENERAL MANAGER.

S. FERNLEY, LTD.,

71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINUTON

WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
MIDLAND RAILWAY. , IMPROVED SERVICE TO LONDON &c. (WEEK DAYS). Pm- -4 58

a. m. 5 41

a m. 70

a.M. 7 50

a.m. 8 46

a.m. 8 55

a. m . 9 55

a.m. 11 2:

a.m. 11 31

I a. m. 111 55

P.m. 1 13 2 43

P.m. 1 55 3 35

P.m. 36 5 35

Pan. 3 55 66

P.m 4 55 75

===== 0002601_19050729_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
P.m. 5 55 7 47

===== 0002601_19050729_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE POETIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CAMSTERS 50., 10D., AND IS. SD., ZACEI. witoLgs..r.E Br J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1833.

LEACH, 24 AND 26, F. HUDEHILL. • MANCHESTER, MAKES A SPECIALITY OP FLOOR-COVERING, HIGH-CLASS CARPETS Br ALL THE BEST POSSIBLE MAKN.IIB, MADE TO PLAN OR SQUARE. CORK CARPETS. LINOLEUM, INLAIDS. OILCLOTHS, ETC. EXPERIENCED PLANNERS AND FITTERS ANT DISTANCE.

B. WADSWORTH, SOLE AGENT FOR THB WORLD-FAMED PIANOS or JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59, SANKEY-ST„ WARRINGTON

SMOKE SUDLOW'S " OLD BOY'S" TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. sri. PER OUNCE; Is. TD. PER LB. TIN; 6s. PER LB T. S UDLOW & CO., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELNPHONE 414 Y.

FRANK STRINGER & Co., 104, WILDERSPOOL ROAD. WARRINGTON.

PURE WHOLESOME BREAD AND CONFECTIONERY. ONLY THE CHOICEST MATERIALS USED.

DECORATED CAKES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS. 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITIICHAEBL, LIVERPOOL . . . _ . _ _

One minute's walk from Chnrch-street, Lord-ttreet, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND SiLVBI3 BOUGHT.

All transactions in accordance wtth Auto( Parliamen Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE nnvELLERY. Sliver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronze., China, Marble Chests, Pictures, Act., Act., always on Bale. We are now offering some Special BM:MAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLEKT, LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARP PINS, BROOCHES. We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. liINQUIRIES BY YOST_RRCEIVE PROMPT

===== 0002601_19050729_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
ATTHNTI 0 N.

JEWELLERY REPAIRS, liteWions and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in LI vernool for Gold Chains. Carefully Zelectea Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS. dn. GOLD and SILVER WATO HES. DRESS sad ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prloes to snit all pockets. _ _

IIki'LAINES

RICHMOND -8 fREET IL IVERPOOL

ROBERT LOVirE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms: No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON_ Goan DRPOSITPID /*OR Sit.

New ncl Second-band- Ernraltr;e and -o-t-he-r--Ct-oods Constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection tavitel Furnittue. warAbonse.i.

DIARRHOEA,

DURING THE LAST HALF-ORSTURY EVERY- ONE TRAVELLIeb IN HOT CLIMES HAS MADE A POINT OF CARRYING SORER DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S

CHLORODYNE,

===== 0002601_19050729_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
SO AS TO SII IN A POSITION TO

IMMEDIATELY STOP AN ATTACK OF

DIARRH(EI, DYSENTERY, OR CHOLER.

Hot weather in the British Isles strikes suddenly. and ereryone should take a little precaution. Don't wait till you actually need the Chlorodyne yoa might be thiren to sending a careless messenger for the medicine you require, who might accept a substitute.

YOU WANT

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

SIXPENCE PER WEEK

BEAUTIFUL AXMINSTER FILE HEARTH RUGS (6x3 ft.) Quality 1. ... 14/- 2/- Deposit ... 2'. per month 2 ... 18/6 2/6 „ 2/- 3 £l/6- 2/- Quality 2 and 3 have ' Heavy Woollen Backs., No. 3ls the finest quality pile rug made. 2,- in the pound allowed for Cash. Send Deposit to-clay. Small rugs Can be had. , Cart lage allowed on all goods. SAN WILSON, TRAM TEEMINICS. BATLEY.

RIFFLE TICKETS ENVELOPES

DRAWING TICKETS POST CARDS AT THE

4 4 -L, THE .E.4XAMINER" PRINTINO OFFICE

===== 0002601_19050729_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Duke and Duchess of Argyll.—Princess feraise Duchess of Argyll has been much in Society daring the London season, and will spend the autumn as usual, in Scotland. The Duke and Duchess will stay most of the time at Boseneath. The new tenaat of Inverary Castle. is a Mr. Jordan, of Boston, America. A good deal of interest is being, taken on the Argyll estates just now, over the renewed attempts to recover the Spanish Armada treasure, which is supposed to be at the bottom of Tobermory Bay, off the coast of Mull. During the past two or three hundred years, the Duke of Argyll's family has made occasional attempts to recover the treasure, and there are, at Invertry Castle several pieces of cannon and relics of aucient weapons which have been brought up from the wreck. There is now however, a modern salvage plant at work, and great interest is being taken in the operations. These are not being conducted by the Duke' but he receives the half of all that may be recovered. Will Motoring cease to be fashionable.—Motoring says" The World "is already on the downward grade, and according to that well known journal, it will have ceased in a couple of years time to have any great attractions for the fashionable classes. As they took up the bicycle and dropped it, se it is thcrught they will discard the motor car, and, it is also suggested, find some other way of showing their frieeds that money is norobject. That seems rather a spiteful remark from a journal which, if anything, is representative of the fashionable world. It is however evidently mot best pleased with motorists and motor cars, which, it sug- gests, will before long be employed only by trades- people, omnibus companies, and business purposes generally. Ducal Motbrists.—The Duke and Duchess of West- minster have been doing a lot of travelling during the summer by means of their motor car. They at least have no occasion for shewing their friends that money is no object, and therefore such travelling must have other attractions for them, as both the Duke and Duchess are enthusiastic motorists. During the summer they have made several journeyings ,by motor car, between Eaton Hall and London and Madresfield Court near Worcester—the seat of this Earl and Countess Beauchamp. For such journeys as from London to Chichester, for Goodwood, where the Duke and Duchess will be present for the racing, the motor car is a more convenient mode of travelling than the railetay, and it is not unlikely that they will use the same means of proceeding to Scotland, where the Duke andDuchoss will spend greater part of August and September. Ladies' Cticket.—Femenine cricket has made much more progress in Australia than in this country and there is talk in the Colonies of sending over next years ladies team of professional cricketers. In Sydney and Melbourne matches are played between the various ladies' clubs and colleges and it would probably be difficult to get together a ladies' team over 'here who would prove the equal of the best-trained Antipodean players. Perhaps one reason why femenine cricket has made so little progress is the inconvenience of women's dress, and it was this, so it is said, that led to the practice of overarm bowling. Up to the early Victorian days the old-fashioned underhand bowling was universal, but a school-girl who used to join in the game with her brothers found as she grew up that long , skirts and the crinoline greatly impeded her movements and she it was, so history relates, who first invented the round-arm system of bowling. The Cult of Self-ControL—The summer would seem to be the proper time to join the cult for self-control as there is no doubt that the hot 'weather makes many people melancholy, low-spirited, and irritable. The new cult is specially adapted to overcome these weak- nesses, as it prescribes that members must lead simple and natural lives in everything appertaining to is'iatary, . exercise, pleasures and amusements. That is a rule which must be beneficial to our mental and physical condition, but in case of a lapse, it is made a point of ' honour that a member must fine himself or herself for, • every cross word, irritating answer, or discourteous act that may be uttered orcornmitted. Members must also s pledge themselves to refrain, to the best of their . ability from the worrying habit, and they are advised ; to go about this in a methodical manner by dismissing from their minds such subjects as these is neither cause • for, or good to be done by werrying about them. There was a depth of meaning, if inaccuracy ef phrase, in the remark of the man who said' f have had many worries, most of which never occurred," and if he cult wordd help as to overcome this weakness, there are few of us who could not.become members without advantage to ourselves and our friends. Elbow Frills.—Therrp-to-date elbow sleeee is finished with a plain band of lace, dangling frills and floating' flouncing being numbered among the fashions past and gone. Possessors of very thin arms, will lament this decree, but if wise they will insist upon retaining some- thing in the way of softening draperies, to hide-the angles. It is preferable always to study What really suits one, rather than whet is fashionable. "Undoubtedly the banishment of OUT pretty dibow frills is due to' the craze for Bridge. The frills had an unhappy knack of sweeping the cards about to a distracting degree. The Bead-Work Bag.--Those women possessed of an old-fashioned bead-work bag, should take it out and about, such a possession being considered a most desir- able one at the moment. Of imitations thkte are plenty but taken as a whole, these are not suceessful. The new beads seem to lack the delicacy and transparency of the old-world varieties further, the favourite glaring gilt clasp is a most undesirable subetitute forthe dainty cut steel, or enamel specimens, beloved by our ancestresses. _ _ . .

Velvet ribbon loops and ends.—Long black velvet ribbon ends, falling from a cluster of velvet loops, are being attached to many of the newest hats and toques. Usually these fall at the back. though some milliners place thew slightly on the left side. The mode is a pretty one when the best of material is in question, but it will auickiy become all to popular, and should there- fore be indulged in while it may. The Washing of Pale Blue.—Pale blue is the leading color this summer, and as many of us have discovered to our own coct, it often fades dreadfully in the washing process. We shall have little to complain of however, if the articles are cleansed in the following instmer. Make a lather of yellow soap in warm water, in which the garment should be rubbed until cleamit should next be nosed well hi clear warm water, then plunged isito boiling water in which a piece of alum—the size of a walnut to every gallon—has been dissolved. This gradually deepens the shade of blue, and tho article should be removed when it shev.'s the right amount of

MA DGE.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

MEETING OF THE PARISH COUNCIL.

A meeting of the Penketb. Parish Council was held in the schools on Monday evening when there were llresent Dr. Murray (in the chair), Messrs. W. Tiodgkinson, J. Ditch&id, Ashcroft, and E. Foster (clerk).

TIIE QUESTION er.THE MORTUARY.

At The last meeting of the Council the Clerk was instructed to write to the Cuerdley Parish Clerk and the Clerk to the bankey Parish Council suggesting a combination of the three par.:shes for the purpose of providing a mortuary. The Clerk said he had received a reply from the Cuersiley Parish Clerk stating that the matter would be brought before the next Parish meeting. Mr. J. Smith, clerk to the Sankey Parish Council stated that his Council could not see their way to joining in the scheme as they had entered into arrangements for the accommodation of dead bodies.

Dr. Murray said he mentioned -Coe matter at the last meeting of the District Council and wss informed that -the gu.stion was one for the overseers. The overseers had made the necessary arrangements.

TUE RATES.

Mr. Withinshaw, who was unable to be present, asked the clerk in a letter if he could give the amount of the education rate for Penketh. On the county call for sates 6d. in the 2 was put down for education and he thought the amount of the education rate for Penketh ,abould be indicated.

The Clerk said it was impossible to give the amount .of the education rate for Penketh.

Mr. Hodgkinson asked what Mr. Witlitenshaw's object in asking for the is:formation. Dr. Murray presumed it was curiosity And also to lot 'people know what .they were paying for education.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCIAL.

The statement of accounts showed a balance in hand .of £2 15. with accoents still to be met amounting to £lO 1.

It was decided to issue a precept on tho overseers for £lO.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
. . .. .. Best El • .., ..= ~.- v .., goes farthest. r, , Af Macke in a moment. /4 A 4,40 , .. 0 y ,,-,0: • ,1 0 i -,- ve-- ''.., ill ..t.,05'• ' •,, ' (,)-- I -5." )

===== 0002601_19050729_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
AszEYßOzt, McDOUGALL'S Patelit SELF—RAISING FLOUR -WOMAN'S REALM. SCIENCE NOTES _ANL DRESS-FASHION-HOME. GLEANINGS.

"JUST HKIISELF."

"The art of trying to please is gradually disare pearing; a woman gains more notice nowadays try affecting an open display of ennui." If we accept ; this indictment as true, it by no means follows, declares "Miranda," that we are filled with dismay. After'all, ths type of woman who is always "trying : to please" is not an acquisition upon all occasions. She ranks with the "funny man" and the anecdotal 1 bore; she is terribly apparent; obviously over• ! straining herself, and never capable of understand. ing that there is a time for silence as well as for : chatter. At the same time, we are not going to accept the chronically "tired" woman as her sub- stitute. Ennui is a pose that few women assume without causing irritation, and, upon the whole, we 1 should possibly find that the type of woman or girl which leads the way is she who is "just herself."

===== 0002601_19050729_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
GARDEN:PARTY' FROCK.

I Of fine white lawn, so soft and fine that it lOoks almost like silk, our garden-party frock is of a dainty simplicity that is most delightful. On the full crossover bodice the little turn-down collar of black-and-white embroidered muslin is edged with ' a kilted frill of clear, soft-finished book-muslin. The same muslin, edged with Valenciennes lace, forms the dainty frilled vest, and the double "volaut". above the turn-back embroidered cuff on

the short full sleeve. ' Bafads 'of 'plain white an embroidered muslin hold in the fulness of the closely gathered skirt. A trim touch of smartness is afforded by the wide white belt of supple kid. The white chip hat bears a great bunch of roses and forget-me-note, and is further trimmed by a blue gauze scarf. A suggestion of the same • blue is brought into the gown by the blue-and-whits buttons on the collar and cuffs, and by the wee studs in the tiny box-pleat of the vest.

• ' t-•,\''''t\ ' 4": • ' ._c:::X ' g . - -..,- : ..e. \'..t. . - .. - • N,.... _ 4; --- .. ... A AO''",-..- -r ...Jr.! ' I- A 1.,: '.'• . :a p A 0 : •••• ''''' .; \ .rci,z ..=2. _ oririiti„, /I \, trt , . ' 'i / ' I i . i,...•'41 %,....1. g II 1 } \\VX %"."--N, .. , / o,* ' .4 i 7.."°44.• . .1 i• t % • ‘es\ „, ' . ~;4' I ' 4 /,' - ili

===== 0002601_19050729_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
PHYLLIS IN LIVERY.

It lies been said many times that the solution of the servant problem will have been found when the calling of an ordinary domestic is by some means or another raised to the dignity of a recognised and honoured career for women. Various means, of bringing this about have been suggested. That of going in for a regular training and being duly certificated like the trained nurse or the board school teacher would ,be all very well if we were not too much in need of servants to afford to keep the unquali- fied at bay till these properly trained young women were ready. But it seems to me, writes "Ambrosia" ,in the World, that dress has a great deal to do with the matter—dress and liberty. The latter point is no .new one. but I believe that smart and really becoming uniform ,would largely help to attract young women to ...service. I would even gc. sofar as to waive the cap, though in my opinion it is most becom- ing.. But, st .411 events, in a well-cut, tailor-made ,dress of dark blue, dark grey, with a fancy ,waistcoat, collars and cuffs like nurses', and aprons and caps—if these are really indispens- able—according to fancy, any reasonable young -woman might well feel of some importance. The .uniform has unquestionably been the web which ;has caught many nurses, and I feel sure if as .much care were shown over the attire of our .snaikli,os, our menservants, and every family in- sisted upon pretty uniform being worn by their -women servants, more girls would cuter upon domestic duties.

fripg,

WHITE BLOUSE.

white blouse is, a really good brrestment, especially if it of a nice quality materials for when washed it is almost as good as new. The blouse shewn in the sketch is intended for white material such as mercerised lawn or spotted muslin. iheyokr, extending ,down the centre of the front to

:he waist, Is composed of Swiss embroidered lawn, and is edged with a full frill of Valenciennes lace. The fulness of the blouse is arranged in small clicks where it joins the yoke. The sleeves are full co the elbow, and gathered into long, tight-fitting cuffs of embroidered lawn.. To wear with these white blouses, a well-cut skirt of holland crash is very suitable as well as inexpensive, and would be just the thing to wear for warm days, while holiday making at the seaside, or in the country,

r 'F7II, . ._ . . .... ,- 4 z-tt,,...,v i, if ' ;‘, :i:: i! 4' , VI _. ", 1 ."..P • I 4 , , o . ......,...*4 ! I' A , ,i , "fr.'''. i , i 1 i 1 / I I

===== 0002601_19050729_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
BENEVOLENT' GIFT.

The donor of £l,OOO t-o- the -Browning Settle- ment for the provision of six cottage homes for aged single women, preferably needlewomen, has consented to allow her name to be made public. The lady is lifiss Isabel Faraday, a Kirkby Stephen, cousin of the great Michael Fai aday. ire years ago she presented the Settlement with the Michael Faraday llorne for old folk-s. liAsPcEratv ItECIPILS.

DELICIOUS RASE!: E It! Cl 7 JELL.—Put the picked fruit in a preserving pan; set the pan over the fire, stirring it the whole time; when it boils, take it off and strain it through a hair sieve, taking care co let no seeds pass through. Put the jelly or liquor into a pan and allow it to boil a quarter of an hour before putting in the sugar: stir it the whole cline, then add 14oz. of sugar to every pound of jelly. Then let all boil for a quarter of an hour, itirring it constantly the whole time. .When it is cool, put it into pots and sift powdered sugar over it.

Here is a recipe for making rich raspberry wine In raspberry brandy: Chocse the finest and ripest ' raspberries, and bruise them with a wooden spoon 3r the bottom of a basin or cup, strain them hrotigil a tla, nel bag into a stone jar, allowing lib. of sugar to each quart of juice stir it well together ..:cver it down, then let it stand for three days; -.41 it off elm', and add to the clear juice two Iwirts or snerry or one of cognac brandy to each ivart of juice. Bottle it off; It wdi be ready for conaurnvtion in 3 fortnight.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
' CALSTONITE.

A new product of the electric furnace. Ina been introduced in France under the designa- tion calstonite. It is a double carbide of barium and calcium, produced by M. Cartier, an electro-metallurgist of Mancioux, which decom- poses, on contact with water, like calcium car- bide.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
ALCOHOL AND THE HEART.

Dr. W. E. Dixon, of Cambridge, finds that alcohol in small concentrated doses increases the rate of the pulse and contraction of the heart, constricts tho deeper vessels, and increases the blood pressure, especially when the heart's action is feeble; it is therefore of great service in fainting. If much diluted it has little effect on the heart, but acts as a food, replacing starch -in maintaining the heat of the body. la too large doses it depresses the heart.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
TO KEEP MOTOR DRIVERS' HANDS • • WARM.

A novel device, the object of which is to TO. move . the discomfort of steering an automobile in cold weather, owing to the hands becoming numbed by contact with the metal of the wheel, has been patented. The steering wheel is warmed by the . water after its passage through the water jackets of the engine. This is done by means of a flexible tube connected to a hollow spoke, from which the water flows round the , wheel, thence returning to the water tank. It is claimed that in half a minute the wheel is rendered thoroughly warm. This invention promises to be largely adopted in public iservice automobiles, where great inconvenience arises in wintry weather from this cause.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW A DOG'S MIND WORKS.

The ,Professor of Philosophy in the Man- chester University has given to an audience 'of teachers the results of his study of the dog mind. The tale of the dog's merits and de- merits—it was an Irish terrier—his likes and dis- likes, and the reason " why " of each were un- folded. How much does a dog reason? was the question all the experiments tended to answer. From observing his dog, Professor Alexander has arrived at a rather modest estimate of a dog's mental power. He said his dog had learnt "how things go, but not 'the go' of them," or, in other words, his actions were intelligent, but not rational. He knew mechanically what effects followed from what causes, but not why they followed. Similarly, his virtues were not moral, they were merely habits; he did not know the reason for prohibitions—his sense of guilt was only the presentiment of a whipping.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
NOVEL GLASS PLUMBING.

In the development of the Moore electric light, which tills glass tubes with an appearance of glowing white smoke, many experiments have been made, says Science Siftings, with various metallic and non-metallic vapours under the in- fluence of the electric current. The secret gas now used is non-metallic. The light completely fills the tubes, and some of these are more than 150 ft. long. From this new method of lighting has sprung the new art of glass plumbing. The room or building is piped with lf-in. glass tubing, put up in lengAls of about %ft., and hermetically sealed in pomtion, and for this work has been devised a special set of glass-blowers' instruments, including hand torches, glass-cut- ting tools, portable pressure-blowers, &c. Joints at first declared by experts to be impossible, and taking half-an-hour when first accomplished, can now be made in less than a minute.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTRIC WAVES AND LIQUIDS.

An Italian scientist, Professor V. Buscemi, has made a series of observations in order to deter- mine the transparency of liquids for electric waves. For such experiments it is necessary to have a very sensitive apparatus for detecting the waves and making the comparative measurements. The author used an apparatus which is based, like Professor Fleming's, upon the magnetisation of iron by the action of the electric waves, but here be uses a galvanometer instead of a telephone. To produce the waves he places the oscillator in an iron case provided with a copper cover. In order to have a complete metallic continuity of the case, the border of the cover has a flange form, and dips into a circular groove containing mercury. In one of the sides of the case is a 2in. opening, over which he can dispose a glass tank some 0-25 in. thick. The latter is fixed to the case by a lead cement, which is found to be entirely opaque to the electric waves. In this way none of the waves can leave the case without passing through the liquid contained in the tank. By this arrange- ment Professor Buscemi found that among the liquids which absorbed the electric waves the acids occupy the first place, as their absorbing power is greatest. Distilled water is much less transparent than air, and the latter is less so than vaseline oil. A solution of salt (1 per cent.) is opaque when in a thin layer, also sea water which contains some 3 per cent, of salt. Ether, benzine, and petroleum are more transparent than distilled water, but less so than air.

LUMINOUS PHENOMENA OF THE HUMAN SKIN. In the Deutsche Medisinisehe Wochenschrift Pro- fessor Sommer records some interesting observa- tions made by himself on a luminous effect pro- duced after rubbing the human akin on incan- descent lamps. While grasping a small electric lamp one night, the Professor happened to observe that on contact with his hand the bulb of the lamp would shew a luminosity comparable with a mist of light, illuminating certain parts of the glass as well as his fingers, even before the electric current was completed. This remarkable phenomenon could be produced several times by rubbing the electric bulb with the hand. It should, however, be mentioned that not all electric bulbs are suit- able for the experiment, and that those which have been used for some time and shew the well- known dark coating of carbon particles are specially liable to failure. When rubbing a new or nearly new lamp, containing no metallic conductors, strongly on the skin of the forehead or lower arm, and withdrawing the lamp suddenly from the skin. the bulb will shew the luminous phenomenon. When withdrawing the lamp and stopping it sud- denly, its outlines stand out distinctly illuminated, while in the mithile a bright spot is observed. U after rubbing the lamp on one part of the body (e.g., the lower arm) some other part, as the cheek, .be touched with it, the contact will even without any friction result in a luminosity lighting up part ..of the face. When breathing strongly on a lamp that has been rubbed over some part of the body, a distinct luminosity is produced. According to rrofessor Sommer, the phenomena in question would be partly of a physiological character, that is to say, belonging to the human or animal organism. On.continuing his researches, he detected the photo- graphic action of the luminosity, and, as part of the same phenomena can be obtained also by friction on other substances, they would seem to be partly duerto some general physical law.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
EXPERIMENTS ON PLANTS.

Iprofessor of the Cornell Agricultural Col- lege, America, has experimented on plant life with acetylene gas as an adjunct to the sun, with striking results. Plants grew to twice the size of those left to the nursing. of the sun only, and vegetables attained dimensions double those which were unassisted in the matter of illumina- tion. The experiments, says an American paper. were carried on through three months in a hothouse. The house was divided into two parts by a curtain. This curtain was hung in such a way that each half of the house received the same illumination from the sun. The beds on each side were exactly alike, not °Ally in size, but in location and contents. If a lily was planted in a .certain part of a bed en one side, another of the same species and age was set out in the same part of the corresponding bed on s the other. 1.10 ide of the curtain an equipment consisting of twelve thirty-five-candle-power acetylene lamps were erected on one side of the curtain. Ordinary tin reflectors over each light threw their rays cdownwards upon the soil. 'The lights were run whenever it was dark, the length of time ranging from nine to fourteen hours, according to the period of daylight. The temperature, Auld amount of moisture wqre as nearly the same on each side of the curtain as it was possible to make them. The plants on the acetylene side in many instances matured twice as fast as those on the other side of the partition. Radishes, onions, and several other kinds of plants which develop their edible parts below the surface of the ground were found to have pursued their usual course, except that they grew twice as fast as those not placed under the influence of the acetylene light. Several plants were not permitted to drink in any of the sunlight. They were brought out of a dark room into the rays of the acetylene light after daylight had faded from the western sky. Before the eastern horizon lightened they were again removed to the dark apartment, to re- main in utter darkness until the day should end. The narcissus which was subjected to this form of treatment blossomed, the flowers rp_maitt- Mg on the plant more than a weak.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 29, 1905.

ight to Os turntte up soon--ior, -ow Isnail augh, guv'nor," and so on, and so on, Holme listened in silence with parted lips, aid his whole body trembled with excitementi [he callous cynicism of Jordison, and the rough brutality of his servant left no im- pression on a mind that had been hardened by more material evils than coarse language.

But he bad caught a -1-e;ir- sentences, bearing unmistakable reference to Lady Agnes Clifle, and he gathered that she was still alive and confined, like himself, in the recesses of these subterranean caves and passages, The know- ledge filled him with a two-fold responsibility: His own life was doubly precious, and he resolved to guard it carefully. For on it depended the safety and freedom of one for whom he would have gladly laid it down, if it had been so required. He hesitated whether to reveal his pre- sence or lie hidden till the men hadidisap- peared and he could make some effort to break through the door, He had as yet for- mulated no clear plan of escape, even if he succeeded in gaining an entrance into the cavern. The presence of Lady Agnes would make matters doubly difficult, for she, at any rate, had to be saved, even if he lost his own life in the attempt. The question was decided for him: Lipp made some coarse jest about Lady Agnes, and every word came clear to the listener's ears. Jordison laughed, and replied in the same strain. In an instant Holme's blood boiled with fury, the yellow light became a mist of blood, and he dung all caution to the winds. Thrusting one bare arm and clenched fist- through the opening, he yelled out the single word, ' liar," and the sound of it echoed and reverberated through the cavern like the shriek of winds. Lipp and Jordison both sprang to their feet and turned towards him. Then seeing the bare muscular arm extended towards them, they both laughed and came over to the door.

" Aint 'e 'evingly," said Lipp, with a broad grin. "Not yet," replied Jordison, with a quiet sneer, "but he will be presently. At least, we hope so, if he has lived a virtuous life— good morning, Mr. Holme. I trust you have had a pleasant night ? _•. . .

Hole did 'not answer, but drew back his arm and glared through the tiny opening in the door. He read his fate in the two faces that grinned back at him, the one bestial and repulsive, the other keen, gaunt, and wild, with the light of madness glinting in the dark eyes. _ .

Jordison advanced, and struck him in the face with his fingers. "Get back, you dog," he cried savagely. Holme reeled back, smarting under the blow. But he had made up his mind to be calm and conciliatory for the sake of the life that was so dear to him.

"Give me food and water," he cried, "for pity's take." "Oh 1 that's your song, is it ? " Jordison replied. "It's a tune we shall have to get accustomed to, eh, Lipp? Bt we won't be too hard on him the first day, eh, Lipp? Is the dinner ready ? " The servant went back to the steaming pot, and fishing out a piece of meat, thrust it into his mouth.

I " It's good," he cried out. Lay the table over here," Jordison called back; "we don't want to seem unsociable, and tell Lady Agnes that breakfast is ready." Lipp brought forward a small square table, set it down Within a yard of the door, and proceeded to lay it carefully. Then be crossed the 'cavern and disappeared. In two minutes' time he returned, and Lady Agnes Chile walked by his side. Her face was very white, and the dark rings under her eyes spoke of long hours •of suffering and sleepless nights. As she came into view, Holme cast one fierce hungry look at her and withdrew his face 'from the opening. • Jordison and Lady Agnes took their seats .at the table, and Lipp brought forward the hot stew from the fire and placed portions of it on their plates. He did not sit down him- self, but took a large allowance of the food to a distant corner of the cavern.

• During the meal Holme crouched silently against the door. He listened to the clink of knives and forks, and the hot scent of the • meat was agony to the starving man. Jordi- .son endeavoured to lend point to the situation by praising tbe victuals and making eulogistic remarks about the wine. At the end of the meal he raised his glass to his lips. "A toast," he cried suddenly, "long life to Mr. Arthur Holme I"

Lady Agnes Cliffe flushed, but for all that she raised her own glass to her lips and breathed a silent prayer, and it was at that moment that she caught sight of Holme's face at the window. He had decided to reveal himself in case she might be able to release him from his prison. She gave a cry of horror and started to her feet. Jordison laughed merrily. "Why, there is Mr. Holme," he said, in a mocking voice. How well he looks, seeing that he has not had anything to eat and drink for two days. I wish we could have asked him to join us, but it is, I am afraid, impossi- ble. Long life to Mr. Arthur Holme 1" Then a tender and delicately nurtured girl did a strange thing. She leant over the table and struck Jordison a blow in the face with all her strength. Before he could recover from his surprise she had plunged her hand into tbe hot mass of meat and thrust a few fragments of it through the hole in the door. Then she seized the half empty bottle of wine, but Jordison caught her wrist and pulled her back on the table with a crash.

How pretty," he said, with a sneer. "1 am afraid, Lady Agnes, I must ask Lipp to conduct you back to your apartment. Mr. Holme is starving, and so, much meat is not good for a starving man." , • " You lie!" yelled Holme. "1 am as well fed as you, and I could not drink any more if I wanted to." Then he wrenched at the door and beat against the panels with his bare fists till the whole -woodwork shook and rattled and the cavern resounded with the noise of his blows. Lipp came from his corner and led Lady Agnes away without any ,ceremony. and Holme and Jordison were alone. The latter came close to the door, and, lighting a• cigar, smiled at the white face at the window. " Well, Mr. Holme, I think you are fast this time."

"Where's Lord Harry Quy ?" Holma asked abruptly. " You will join him presently," answered Jordison with a grim smile, and then Holm* knew that Lord Harry Quy was dead 4

HAPTER XXVI/I JORDISON LEARNS THE TRUTH AT LAST.

ALL through that day Holme crouched against the massive door and waited to lay hold of such opportunities as chance might he pleased to throw to him. But hour after hour passed, and not a single ray of light broke in 'upon his mental darlmess. His fingers went over the door a hundred times until the position of every nail and screw and clamp was photographed clearly on his mind, He measured the thickness of the wood at the opening, and found that the door was made of two and a half inches of solid timber. He tried to ascertain how it was secured, but all the bolts and fastenings were on the other side. He only gathered one thing, however, front his investigations, namely, that it would be impossible to break it open without tools of some sort. A file, a chisel, a knife, even a steel nail, or a bit of broken pottery would have -given him a minute chance of successd -Hours of patient and undisturbed work with an instrument of this sort would perhaps have enabled him to loosen the hinges in the wall, or cut through the planks by the bolts, But he had nothing save his bare fingers and the task was hopeless. He saw nothing more of Lady Agnes Cliffei She represented his only hope of escape, and t was quite 'left:, in not the two men would not allow her the sThallest opportunity ox giving him any assistance.' She was doubt- less 'Securely confined in some other part of the cavern. The thought of her in some measure turned Holme's mind from his own personal suffering, but only by the painful process of substituting mental for physical agony. Perhaps she, too, was destined to die. Perhaps a worse fate was in store for hers He sg girt dlidkeer eLd a dt oy At hig nneks whoi fa et nia ghtdelicatesuf t; e mindeda tthe

===== 0002601_19050729_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
~THE BL ACK MOTOR CAR.

Cy J. B. HARRIS BURLAND.

CHAP Jik XXVII. JORDISON'S RETREAT. t

Hours wrapped the thick sfieet twice round him so that the edge of it hung clear, from the ground, and rent two holes in it through which he passed his bare arms. It was a ridiculous and insufficient covering, but it was warm and grateful to a man whose shivering body had been exposed for hours to the cold air and water. Its chief failing as a garment was its insecurity. Tbis could have been remediedly half a dozen safety pins, but as these were not forthcoming, the wearer ,had to hold the folds round .his body with one hand.

Thus attired, -in -a costume whieh would have been ludicrous under more pleasing cir- cumstances, Holme set out to explore the tunnel in the other direction, and see ,vihethei the opposite end was as completely guarded as that which ran into the sea. He had but small hopes for the result of his investigation. Jordison's plans for .his death were -quite clear to him, and the knowledge was accen- tuated by the sorry jest of the coffin and the winding sheet. He was evidently destined to perish slowly of thirst and cold and starva- tion, in a tunnel of rock, securely sealed at either end.

But the young man's spirits, which had been almost extinguished by the cold water and the final barrier that had crossed his road to freedom, were rekindled by the compara- tive warmth of his covering. The first shock of the coffin and the shroud had been horrible, dealt, as it had been, in the semi-darkness and loneliness of the tunnel; and it had certainly been conceived and carried out with the sole 'object of frightening the unfortunate prisoner. But Jordison had underestimated the strength of Holme's mind, and was ignorant of its keen sense of humour, a sense that could extract a certain grim amusement• from the most dismal Circumstances. •

It was undoiibtedly this sense of the ridicu- lous that saved the young man's mind from breaking down at this Critical moment. Where others might have only seen the horror of the winding sheet, he could not help won- • dering how he looked in his strange garments, and the possible grotesqueness of his appear- ance appealed to his risible faculties. As to the coffin, he was already turning over in his mind how.he.could make .use of it to his own advantage. The real horror ,cif the situation lay in the pangs of thirst and hunger, which were no* furiously attacking his exhausted frame. There were at present/ no means of combating there ferocious adversaries, and no strength of mind 'could meet them with any chance of success. Holme could fight with fear, but not with his own physical necessities. However, he tried to thrust aside all thought of his sufferings, and. moved swiftly away from the sea keeping one hand on the rocky wall beside him. As he proceeded into the reces- ses of the tunnel, the twilight died away into darkness, and a last faint patch of light, seen far off like the gleam of a star, was finally hidden round . a bend in the passage. He counted his steps carefully as he walked, and tried to make every pace a y,ard in length. He could not afford to neglect the smallest and 'least likely source of information. When he had traversed about three miles, as near as he could judge, his bare foot struck some- thing hard and .there was a clink on the stone floor.

He stooped down and groped about in the darkness till his hand encountered a small jug Be had .overturned it, and the rock was wet with some liquid: He dabbed his finger of the damp stone and raised it to his mouth. Then he flung himself down and licked every inch.of the rock: The jug had been filled with fresh water. A :spoonful of it had collected in a small .crevice, and he tore his tongue in his. efforts to extract it. This was doubtless another of Jordiseh's pleasantries. A hundred yards further on he stepped on some round objects, that. gave and cracked beneath his foot. He stooped down again and thrust his fingers .into a sticky mass, full of sharp thin flakes. Be tasted it, and smacked his lips. Be had -crushed two or three eggs into a pulp. Feeling carefully „around him in the darkness, he came across a whole one. He broke off the top and swallowed ths con- tents. It was -a strong-flavoured egg—pro- bablv that of a mild duck, and not too fresh— but it seemed -very good to the starving man. When he had drained it to the last drop, and sucked the broken pieces of- the shell, he scooped up all he could get from the floor and enjoyed even that. it was no time for nice ceding. Of a :truth this ,Jordison was a merry fellow and full of devices. This scanty meal and the few drops of water he had managed to gather from the rocky floor put fresh life intco his body, and he moved forward more rapidly_ But it seemed as if the tunnel would never .cease,..and it was not till he had walked steadily for another hour and a half that he saw the •first sign of some termination to his journey.. All at once the veil of .darkness .was pierced by,. pin-hole .of light, a mere speck, se minute that Holine at brst thought it merely .the creation of his own brain.--one of those points of light that cross a man's eye in the darkness. But this one did not move, and the steadiness of it proclaimed its reality. He did not dare hope that it was daylight. But at least the glimmer of it ofte.racl some relielirom the dark- ness. pae lamp p small seen As he walked on, it grew larger and larger, squareandt of nf yellow;bcn through a tiny wind Ow. Then there came to sohfa his ears the distant murmur of voices, and then to his nostrils the glorloos smell of hot meat, wafted towards him like a breath of life, became sweet, luscious "'and alluring , beyond any temptation devised by Satan in this world. • He crept nearer and ncarer to the light, moving cautiously so as not to attract the at- tention of the speakers. The conversation grew more and more distinct, and soon he recognised Jordison's voice. At last he 'came to the end of his journey and his fingers traced out a massive doorway of wood, barred and clamped with iron. Ten feet to his right, and on a level with his chin there was a hole about nine inches square, and a long shaft of yellow Light streamed out from it into the darkness of the tunnel.

Holme sidled quietly along the door till he reached the aperture. Then he peered cautiously round the edge of it, well aware that he was bound to be seen if anyone inside hap- pened to be looking in that direction. But, as luck would have it, the only twc occupants of the vast cavern that opened out before his astonished eyes, were sitting with their backs to the door. The place that William Jorclison had chosen- for his sub- ierranean house was indeed princely in its proportions. It was lit with a dozen oil lamps, yet these did no more than make the darkness visible. The roof was hidden in a cloud of impenetfable gloom. Deep shadows floated ou distant parts of the floor. The voices of the two men reverberated from wall to wall of the apartment, and gave some idea of its ervirmons, size. The furniture that jordison had brought down with him from his residence above ground looked as though it .had been taken from a doll's house. The carpets, eighteen and twenty feet square, spread here ancl There over the floor, looked like little hearthrw,s.. The two men sitting before a large fire of crackling logs were no bigger than the forest pigmies of Central Africa. And over everytlying hung a gauzy veil of smoke that magnified heights and distances and lent an air of mystery-to the most corn- monplacc object's. Over the fire hung a great steaming kettle, and to Holme's sensitive nostrils the whole ' lace smelt like a kitchen. He saw at a glance that the two men were Lipp and jot.. dison. Scraps of their conversation came tc his ears, and only the echo of the cavern pre. vented him fr4l. bearing every word they u t f " 'E'd ought to be fat this time—l reckon he's cold—may his soul and body rot—that corfin, it makes me laugh—we fair busted their old machine—He'll speak now, I 'guess— Eh? dead ?—Not much. He'll take a lot of killine—Cib, vest slitc's safe cnough--reckon he

===== 0002601_19050729_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
hands ot two such brutal ruffians as Lipp and jordisom _

, The two men were in the cavern most of the day, but neither of them came near him, and they removed their table to the fire side, where they conversed in whispers, Holme watched them feed with hungry eyes, and the smell of their food nearly drove the starving man to madness. They paid no attention to him, as he peered through the little hole, They seemed to have forgotten his existence, The young man fully expected a further cross- examination by Jordison, and a promise of release in return for the information Jordison desired. He had already made up his mind to give way on this, if his submission would ensure the safety of the woman he loved. But Jordison did not give him the chance, and as he had decided that his confession should only be a last resource, he held his peace. Shortly after mid-day, as far as he could judge in a place where it was always night, he heard Lipp and Jordison busily tinkering with something against the wall in which the door was set, but he could not see what they were doing. An hour later a great black body slid Dut into the centre of the hall, and for the first time Holme had a clear and uninterrupted view of the famous black car. Something had been wrong with it on the night of the chase, and it was evident that Jordison was putting it in thorough order. He drove it several times round the cavern, steering with wonder- ful skill and accuracy. Then he came to :a stop and discussed its merits with Lipp. What struck Holthe most forcibly about the busi- ness was the utter contempt with which they treated him. They were not afraid to reveal their secrets to him. They talked loudly about the car, and Jordison laid bare almost all the secrets of its construction. He further disclosed how they had made use of the passage leading to the Great East Ray Quick-sands, spoke of how they had spent two months in making a. hard-way over them to the shore, where a small lane ran down to the edge of the sands, told how they had filled up the quaking surface of , the ground with rock taken from the mouth of the tunnel, and how this hard-way, covered by the tide with sand, had escaped the notice of the searchers. As they conversed, Holme realised that they were talking for his benefit. It was quite clear that they did not wish to conceal anything from him, equally clear that he did not count, that he was already regarded as a dead man. When they had finished their conversation the two men crossed the cavern and idisap- peared. Towards evening _Jordison came to the door and threw two small crusts of bread through the aperture. Holme gnawed them like a wild beast, though he knew that they were intended only to prolong the agony of starva- tion.

An hour later all the lights were extinguished in the cavern, and only the red embers of the fire glowed in the darkness. At last these died out, and Holme realised how much the light had meant to him. •He even missed the presence of his enemies, the sound of a human voice, and the sight of a human form. Any- thing was better than the silence and the loneliness, and the gloom of this subterranean world. Thoroughly exhausted in body and mind, he slept for a few hours, and awoke once more in darkness. He had been dreaming of the sunlignt and the sea, and the white foam before the bows of the "Rover." The black- ness suffocated him and he longed for a breath of fresh air and a glimpse of daylight. He rose to ,his feet, and made his way once more down the tunnel till he reached the water's edge. The tide was still between the bars of the gate. There he waited till the day broke, and the sun streamed in upon him. He, walked back into the tunnel and began to break the coffin into pieces. .He tore off the boards c'e by one and brok.. each of them in half uncle' his foot. Then, searching in the sand, he found an oyster shell, and with this rude pen he scratched a message on each piece of. wood. " Come to Triplets at once. danger.—Arthur Holme." Then he cast them, as far as he could, into the water, and prayed that at least one of them might float ashore into human hands. This done, he returned slowly through all the weary length of the tunnel, and crouched once more against the door which separated him from the cavern. Another day passed and still he caught no glimpse of Lady Agnes Cliffe, and still neither of the men paid any attention to him. Once or twice he called out to them, but they did not even turn .their heads. Towards nightfall Jordison again passed two small crusts of bread through the window. Holme found that a small tin half fall of water had been placed inside the door. That night he again went down to the other 3nd, and all through the day, so long as the tide was out, he sat close to the iron bars and tocked across the sea, waiting in vain for sonie boat to appear on the lonely waters. When he returned to the cavern end he found his clothes and boots lying in a heap against the door. He put them on (and felt more of a man. He also found the daily 'crust; of bread and another wineglassMl of water in a tin. And so he dragged out a terrible existence for four days' and then all at once his senses left hits, and he collapsed in a crumpled heap on the rocky floor.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
The dying embers of the fire sank to a black' heap of charred wood and ashes, marked with streaks and splashes of dull red. " The cavern closed in upon the motionless figure i and the faint glow scarcely showed his face in relief against the encroaching wall of blackness. The silence was complete and unbroken, save for the ghogtly little noises that came now and then,from the glowing wood, Then suddenly there came a piercing cry of terror, and the rocky wall echoed it and tossed' it from side to side till it swelled into a long shriek of pain. Jordison started to his feet and stared round at the darkness with wide open eyes. For a moznent a cold fear gripped his heart. Then he laughed, and striking a: match, lit one of the oil lamps. The light disclosed nothing, but as he listened, he heard a faint mumbling and muttering in the distance. He smiled grimly. He realised that his victim was delirious, Anxious to gain some information from his ravings., he crossed over to the great wooden door and stood close to the opening. " West, still west," muttered the voice. " Haul in that main sheet a bit, the wind's shifting. What in God's name is all that whiskey for. Australia, eh? No, I won't consent. I will take her back to Valparaiso 4 A revolver, eh ? Well, it's a good argument." Then there was silence, and then low muttered sentences that Jordison could not catch, though he strained every nerve to grasp their meaning. Then suddenly he heard a scutte, and an arm shot out through the opening, and thin white fingers clutched the air. He seized the wrist and thrust it back, and he heard the heavy fall of a, body on the rock.

Then there was again silence, and then the voice began again to speak. "Two hundred thousand pounds," it cried out. "You scoundrel I A fair chance for life, eh ?—you devil, you missed that time: Ah, we're on equal terms now. A truce, eh? No! Well, take that and that, and that. My God, I've killed him I For Heaven's sake speak, Arthur! Speak, Sterious I" and the voice once more died away in an inaudible whisper.

Jordison leant against the door, and a cold sweat broke out on his body. The dying man had called out to Arthur Sterious, and yet—. " Dicky's tired," the vo,ce went on, "and where's mother, gone away on a visit? Wbat do these two ugly men wantol What do the fowls say, papa? Cluck, cluck, cluck, and cock-a-doodle-do. Ugh! what a splash the body made. Good-bye, Sterious, you brought it on yourself, you know. Cluck, cluck, cluck, and quack, quack. Oh, my God water, water ! " and the voice rose in a shriek of agony. But before it had died away, Jordison was tearing back the bolts and fumbling with the lock. Then he flung the massive door back with a crash, and fetching the lamp, leant over the form of the dying man and peered closely into his face.

A few moments later he had borne him into the cavern, and was pouring brandy and water down his throat, and Lipp, hastily summoned from his sleep, was rekindling the fire and pieparing some soup. For Jordison had at last come to the full knowledge of the awful truth, and knew that this was Richard Behag, and that he had bees torturing his own son to death,

IT° fie continued.) _

===== 0002601_19050729_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

Fortnighty Meeting. The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present—Messrs.T. Baxter (presiding),C.Roylance, J. Bolshaw, H. Eyes, A. H. Talbot, H. M. Davies, J.H. Davies, J. Smith, T. Wright, T. Guest, S. Woodward,W. Harrison, G. Pilling, J. S. Jones, T. Fryer, J. Spruce, S. Taylor, W. M. Morris, P. Collins, J.Douglas, J. Whitley, C. E. Linaker' jun., Anmiral Jones-Parry, W. Weir, J.B. Chadwick, S. F. Ashton (clerk), W.E. Hough (assistant cleric), Cook, DePrez and Pearson (relieving officers), and J. Cunnah (workhouse master). RELIEF TO NON-RESIDENT POOR. The Clerk said the Guardians of the Guiseborough Union had forwarded the following resolution which they asked the Board to support "That the Guardians present a memorial to the Local Government Board asking the Board to take steps to make it absolutely imperative on all Boards to pay relief to non-resident and non-settled poor when requested by the Guardians of other unions to do so. It was decided to support tle memorial of the Gains- borough Union. PAUPER LUNATICS. The IClerk stated that the rate of maintenance of pauper lunatics for the quarter ending September 30, had been fixed at Bs. 2d. per head per week. BUCKLEY HALL ORPHANAGE. The clerk intimated that the Brothers of Charity, Buckley Hall Orphanage, had written to say that Charlton and many other Unions paid 75. per week for the , maintenance of titeir children at the Orphanage. It would be an injustice to them if the Brothers were more indulgent to Runcorn Union than to them. They I respectfully asked the Board to remove their boy at the earliest convenience. , Mr. Woodward said that Since the last meeting of the Board he had learnt that the boy in the Orphanage was physically unfit to go to a situation, and in view of the fact he withdrew from his former position and proposed that in that particular case the increased price asked ; by the Brothers of Charity be paid. Mr. Morris : How is it we did not get that informa- tion at our last meeting ? Mr. Woodward explained that the point had been lost sight of. Roylance: Was this pointed out to the deputa— tion which visited the Orphanage or has it only just been sprung upon us? The Clerk stated that the information was conveyed * * * * * * in a report presented at an earlier meeting of the Board. Defort Jordison retired to rest that night he Mr. Woodward's motion was approved. sat alone before the dying embers of the fire THE COST OF VACCINATION. wiell his elbows on his knees and his gaunt Mir. Woodward reported that for the past six months fa els between his hands. His eyes glittered the cost of vaccination bad increased by £lO. The reported strangely, and his head, thrust out 'of the amount spent in that direction was .£126 16s 4d. shadow ,ff the cavern, and illuminated by the,' e House Committeev ANC I v E 8: The that the industrial red light, seemed like that of some lost soul trainer and Nurse flitchmouell had left without I e emerging from the outer darkness into tho and recommended that other-persons be engaged to le fires of hell. their places. And there in the red glow of the logs he saw Mr. Woodward : Is thereany reason why they should the record of his own life. First, the bright not go for a holiday. The Master explained that they had been granteli flames of youth and ambition, then the roar- leave of absence but left before the date specified. ing furnace of love, and shame, and degrada- The minutes of the committee were approved. tion, then the steady heat of undying revenge, lit with a white hot flame, and now the flicker- ing of fires that had been nearly burnt out, and the red hot ashes that would soon be cold and grey. The whole history of his life passed before his eyes, and in the darkness of his subter- ranean refuge he could not find any distrac- tion from the memories of the past. During the last few months the danger and excitement of existence had allowed him but little time to think. His mind, unhinged by suffering and resentment of the wrongs he had endured; had found relief in wild excess and the pursuit of an inexorable revenge. His revenge was nearly complete. He had found Marie de la Mothe, and he had found Arthur Sterious, the man who had killed his son. The latter was suffering the agonies of a living death, within a few yards of him. The former was always within his reach dragging out a horrible exist- ence, with the fear of him ever at her heart, only waiting for him to strike the final blow. Lord Overcliffe was dead, and even Lady Agnes Clitie had not escaped him. He had resolved that she, too, should die, and that Lord Heatherstone should be the last victim. His scheme of revenge had included both the innocent and the guilty. He had decided that the whole of the cursed house that had allied themselves to Marie de la Mothe should share in her destruction,

Two lives in

-. Yet on this night, as he watched the red hot wood and listened to the tiny cracks and clicks that came from it, his mind seemed to have sunk into a deep gloom, and the fury that had given strength of purpose to his life had ebbed, and left his thoughts on a darkened shore haunted with gnosts of bye-gone years. His struggles as an ambitious young bank clerk, the days of his courtship and his marriage, the prattling voice of his son, the temptation and tile downfall, his dead wife, the hell nf convict prison, tile busy days in France, when he reconstructed a fortune from nothing, the search for the woman who had wronged him, and the son whom he loved, the loss of his money, the resolve to obtain more at any cost, the first robbery, ending in murder, the news of his son's death, a felon slain by a fellow criminal, the discovery of the man who had killed him, the discovery of Marie de la Mothe —the whole long record rolled out year after year before him, the various figures flittered past and mocked him, the voices of the dead whispered in his ears. He was presented With a complete biography of his life, written, not in words, but in scenes and pictures,. scarcely 'less real than the incidents themselves.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
STOeKTAKING

SALE

TIIIS DAY AND UNTIL 5111 AUGUST

GENUINE REDUCTIONS.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
•PIONEER

FURNISHING STORES, 9 TO 19, BOLD STREET

LIVERPOOL.

GREAT BARGAINS In all Departments. CARPETS MADE

AND LAID FREE.

LINOLEUMS LAID FREE.

CURTAIN & ROLLER BLINDS

MADE FREE.

AND ()HIER CONCESSIONS. -swwwwis Cash, or Easy Terms CATALOGUE:3 /SOW READY. '

I

I

4':

===== 0002601_19050729_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19050729_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
I

THEFTS FROM WARRINGTON letter threw Morley off the sent, but later he went over to Lymm and found that Dolphin was a man in poor WORKS. circumstances, and that no such person as Mr. VVood lived in Sandy-lane. Complaints were made to Superintendent Monaghan by the prosecutors that Smart Sentences. some leather was missing. Monaghan saw the The magistrates at the Warrington Police Court on lais drinking about and spending more money Monday had before them two cases of a serious nature than they ought to have done and upon his of extensive thefts from local works. In the first, Fred instruction detective Forster arrested them. When he Davies, of no settled abode and John Ingham, Bank- saw Maguire he said "You have been dealing in leather, Street. were charged with stealing a quantity of block have you come honestly by it? Tell me where you got tin value £lO the property of the Whitecross Co., Ltd. it from." Maguire said " I shall say nothing about it. Mr. Steel, who appeared to prosecute, stated that the Blease when questioned said "It was not come by rnen had been before the court previously and remanded honestly. We got it from the Tanner's-lane Tannery. in order that the police might search for two other men We got through Evans' collyard and climbed over a vvho were implicated. The police had not been able tolled wall." After the arrest a man named Morris called at those two men and it was supposed that their friends the Police Station and said "I have a quantity of were keeping them in hiding. He would like to state leather at mv house," and stated that on the 6th July Publicly that it was the intention of the police to get Blease and Lee called at his house at midnight and them and bring them before the magistrates so that the asked to be allowed to leave some leather. They said friends who were keeping them out of reach might as it was for a man named Morley of Market-street. They Well turn them up. Mr. Steel then proceeded to detail were allowed to leave the leather and called again next the facts of the case which were that on the night of day and took it away. They left leather with Mr. the 15th inst. at about 12.20 the watchman, Morris again on several occasions. The prosecutors did a man named Woods, in the employ of the net employ travellers to sell on commission in Warring- Prosecutors was passing the stores when he saw the ton and Rowe and Morley must have known that there block tin on the ground outside the window. Having was something wrong abo_it the lads selling heavy Obtained the assistance of the lodgeman he entered the bends of leathe,.. It was only commonsense. He had stores and while there the lodgeman caught Davies. been instructed to seriously consider whether he should Higham was arrested later. In reply to the charge not proceed against them for receiving stolen property. Davies admitted the offence as did also Higham who He said that in the interest of the men and of other threatened he would kill Davies for having given the Peraons in the town to warn them that the buying from game away. He was instructed to press that case boys like tbe prisoners was the grossest negligence. as the large works in the town suffered very All three lads pleaded guilty. -Thirch from robberies. The store in the prosecutors Morley and Rowe stated that they had no suspicion Works had been examined and about 40 pounds of brass that the leather was stolen. 14'as found secreted, lie asked the magistrates to deal After a brief retirement, Alderman Francomb said the severely with the prisoners. Unfortunately in that case magistrates were sorry to see the prisoners in that the raeo were arrested a little to early for the receivers Positian. They had decided to take a lenient view of to be traced, the case and would send them to gaol for two months Both prisoners pleaded guilty. each in the second division. Both men were sent to gaol for six months with hard ' Addressing Morley and Rowe, Alderman Francomb labour, said the magistrates were str,ngly of opinion that they EXTENSIVE THEFT OF LEATHER. I were to blame for not making inquiries. The leather POLICE COMPLIMENTED. ; which they had bought would be forfeited and no casts In the second case three youths, Sydney Blesse, 37, would he allowed to them. -ePOsle-street, Joseph Maguire, 11, Robson-street, and Mr. Browne said he would like to compliment Super- rederick Lee, 30, Tanners-lane, were charged with intendant Monaghan, Detective Forster and the other 'tealing leather to the value of £35, the property of &Rem. It was one of the cleverest captures which had 'Jews. W, Mortimer and Co. and the Tanners-lane been made hy them and he must thank them for their Tanning Company. , eiscovery. Mr. Browne, who prosecuted, stated that as the t 'result of a fire at the Orford Tannery a large !lumber of bends of leather had to be taken to the ranner's-lane premises. The boy Blease was until some 18 months previously employed at the Tanners-lane tannery. Some two months ago Blease met a man named Thomas Rowe, boot repairer, 4, Grafton-street, Of! Lovely-lane, and asked him if he could do with two bends of leather which he could let him have cheap. Blease said the leather belonged to a man named Dolphin, 'of Lymm,who was giving up business and sell i rag his stook. Rowe believing the story to be true purchased the leather giving Blease 28s. for it. Rowe looked upon the trans- action as a bargain and said he had got the leather 2s. a bend cheaper than he could get it elsewhere, Blease later again sold Rowe some more leather. On another occasion Maguire called on Rowe and sold him some Jaather. Altogether Rowe bought eighteen bends of leather from the two lads. During the transactions Rowe's father became suspicious and asked Blease where the leather came from, Blease replied" Dolphin must get it cheap to get a 'profit out of it. I am paid Is. a bend commission." Rowe ,Said he would go to Lymrn to see Dolphin but before could go he got a letter from Lyrum purporting to be from Dolphin saying there was nothing shady about the sale. On the 6th July Maguire called upon a Mr. Morley, leather dealer, Market-street and said he had ,61314 e bends of leather for sale,which belonged to Dolphin. bre took four bends to Morley who gave him £3 for them Which Morley regarded as a fair market price. The -.l3atne week Maguire sold Morley three bends of an Inferior quality, for which he was paid 19s. On the 12th Blease and Maguire called together upon Nforley, *Blease being introduced as the son of a Mr. Wood at !LYram, who owned the leather. Morley said "I suppose is all honest and right." Blease replied" My father lirrea in Sandy-lane, Lymm, and is dealing in the teather." Morley refused to buy until he had satisfied himself that all was right and made arrange- 'bents to go with Blease, whom he knew as Wood, and aee his father. Before he could get over to Lymm he received the following letter : " I shall not be in when you call at 6 o'clock on Thursday. I will call at your 640 P on Monday. I assure you there is no shady busi- tess about it as you told my aon.—G. WOOD." This

===== 0002601_19050729_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON IMPRESSED.

There's something frank and sincere about the word of a neighbour that never fails to impress Warrington people. Such honest proof is given week after week in our local press. What could be more convincing ? Mr. W. Williams lives et 20, Willis.street, Warring- ton. We have to thank him for the following letter "Dear Sirs,—?or some years I was a sufferer from pains in my back and abdomen, owing to my kidneys being out of order. The pins in my back were so bad at times that I could scarcely walk, and whenl sat down I was afraid to rise. I tried a great number of different medicines, but all to no purpose—they gave me no real benefit. At length I heard of Doan's Backache Kidney Pills, and decided to give them a trial. I procured a box, and can honestly say that I felt great relief after taking the first few doses. I continued with the medi- cine, and now I feel like a different man. I shall always heartily recommend Doan's Backache Kidney Pills to other sufferars with whom I come in contact. They are truly a wonderful medicioe.—Yours truly (signed) W. WILLIAIVS." Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings and ninepence per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings and ninepence). Of all chemists and stores, or post free on receipt of price, direct from Poster- McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W. Be sure you get the same kind of pills as Mr. Williams had.

Trim or JrGs.

At Warrington, on—ft;e-sda-y,- Roukin, of no settled abode, was charged with stealing four small jugs from the Red Lion Vaults, on July 21, the property of John Lee. It was stated that the prisoner was in the vaults on Friday night, and later in the evening was found in Buttermarket-street, bleeding from the head having been knocked down by a man for using bad language. Sergeant Hodgkiss conveyed him to the infirmary, and the jugs were then found in his posses- sion. He was sent to gaol for three months.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 29, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE FRE-;; CHURCHES.

..,

THE BAPTIST WORLD CONGRESS.

The chief event of the month among the Free ;Milts:hes has, of course, been the Baptist World Congress. Delegates from practically ever,/ country under the sun have been present in Liindoa in attendance at a series of meetings which can well be called a triumphant success. Pei haps one of the most notable lessons from this Congress has been the strength and power of tho Free Churches abroad. The Baptists In teroatiimally number far more members that, the Anglican Church in the world, told B,r,ptists are only one section of the Free 4...liiirehes. On iiiiday„ltily, 1(1, the principal pulpits. of the denomination were occupied by the visitors, and Baptias were 'able to eo joy fessis of oratory from their brethren from AmericA and other lands. The closing ii,ticunstLation at the Albert Hall will long be remembered. The presence of the venerable ProsiOent, Dr. l‘laclaren, was sufficient to give the occasion historic interest ; the scene at the ciose when the whole of the vast audience ebisped hands was a most memorable one. Ork,ati creoit is due to the Rev. J. H. Shakespeace, ALA., Sect etary of the Baptist Union, and to those who have helped to make the Congress such a success.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
A FREE CHURCH WELCOME.

The only deputation received by the Baptist World Congress was from the National Free Church Council, when the Rev. Thomas Law read tin address, calling to mind the great place the Baptists have occupied in the country's history. In an eloquent passage the address bays: "You can claim the greatest of alio- gorists and inspired dreamers in John Bunyan ; you have on your roll of writers John Foster, the Prince of Essayists, and Andrew Fuller, equally notable as a theologian, evangelist, and pioneer of foreign missions. You have had soul- winning preachers who have won the homage of Christendom, Robert Hall, C. H. Spurgeon, and Alexander Maclaren, who happily is still with us. Your missionaries have opened new worlds for the Redeemer, their names are familiar as household words—William Carey of India, Judson of Burma, Comber and Grenfell of the Congo, Timothy Richard and Afrhmore of China, some of whom are still earl 3 big on their work in a manner worthy of the great traditions they inherit. Indeed, you have been, and still are, rich in men whom the Nv ho le Church claims as its property." Dr. Horton also spoke, and Dr. Maclaren replied on behalf of the Congress.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE CHURCHMEN AND THE ELECTIONS.

It is interesting to note that the National Free Church Council has everything ready in its Electoral Department with a view to appeal to the country. Millions of leaflets have been print ed, and are all ready for distribution to the various centres. Arrangement have been made for speakers to travel throughout the country, and help to be rendered in other directions. Of course, the National Free Church Council is concerned with the election from the point of view of Education and Temperance, and is not touching other questions.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE CT:LURCH INtiTITUTEL

There is a movement going forward for a combined effort of a religious social nature ter combat the evils of the public-house. Under the auspices of Free Church Councils it is pro- posed to erect institutes in many parts of the country. The Scunthorpe Council, for instance, is making an attempt to provide for the needs of the young life of the town by the erection of inch an institute, which is to serve as a centre for the development of the spiritual, mental, and physical life of the young people of the distlict. The scheme propounds the raising of a building in a central part of the town, at • cost ot about f.,:rt{XY; of which £BOO would be for the site, and about £3OO for furniture. This example is also being followed in other centres. The Churches are more and more realising the necessity for social work of this character.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLISH AND SCOTCH FREE CHURCHMEN.

The Churches (Scotland) Bill which has been before the House of Commons does not only concern the Northern part of the kingdom. On the fifth clause, which introduces the question of more liberty to the Established Church of Scotland, two Free Church leaders, Mr. J. Compton Bickett, M.P., and Mr. R. W. Perks, M.P., protested in the name of the Free Churches against the introduction of this con- tentious element into the bill. The Organising Committee of the National Free Church Council passed a resolution strongly protest- ing against the clause.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
BURIAL RIGILTS.

The question of burials may be rather gloomy, but is undoubtedly causing some commotion ist the present time. For many years Free Churchmen have suffered various disabilities in the matter of cemeteries, burial grounds, &c., and these restrictions have only partly been done away with. An article showing the position of the case, and proposed future action, appears in this month's Free Church Chronicle, and should offer considerable assistance to those who have to deal with this subject.

SEASIDE CONFERENCES. August is supposed to be the slackest month of the year, but certtinly it seems as if this rule will not apply to the National Free Church Council, for three series of meetings are to be held during the mouth. Last year Seaside Conferences were held at Scarborough and Blackpool, and their success led the way to this being a permanent featur• in Free Church Council Work. The Conferences this year are to be held at Morecambe, Douglas (Isle of Man), and Blackpool. The first will be held at Morecambe on August 14. The series of meetings will commence in the afternoon with a sermon by Rev. F. B. Meyer, 8.A., and those taking part will include Rev. Thomas Law and the Rev. J. G. Stevenson: A Conference on similar lines will be held at Douglas (Isle of Man) on August 17 and 18, and still another on the 24th and 25th at Blackpool. At the last of these, however, the Rev. J. E. Rattenbury will take the place of Rev. J. G. Stevenson.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
CHELTENHAM CONVENTION.

It will he remembered that the Oxford Con- ference for Ministers inaugurated by the Rev. It. J. Campbell, LA., was at his suggestion taken over by the National Free Church Council. Unfortunately, owing to another series of meetings, the Oxford friends were not able to accommodate the Conference this year, and the centre has been changed to Cheltenham. The meetings will be held during the week commencing Sep- tember 18, and ‘vi!l follow the order of Dr. Horton's Conventions. There is to be a Social Reception on Monday. and on the following days the usual Fatly Morning Prayer Meetings. The Rev. R. J. Campbell. M.A., is to preach the Afternoon Sermon on Tuesday, and will speak on Wednesday morning. On Wednesday evening the speakers at the great -Free Church Demonstration will be the Rev. Thomas Law, Rev. F. B. Meyer, and Mr J. Compton Mellott. M.P. Mr. Meyer speaks at the Conference the following morning, and at the Young People's Demonstration on Thursday evening the Rev. Silas K. Hocking, Mr. R. W. Perks, M.P., and Mr. H. R. Mansfield, M.P., will speak. The Afternoon Conference will be devoted to the subjects "Free Church Council Work," introduced by the Rev. Thomas Law; "The Sunday School,' by Rev. F. B. Meyer B.A. ; and "Foreign Mission Work," introduced by Rev. James Pickett.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
A "PENNY WEIGHTER " DEFINED.

- - • - The Recorder (at the Old Bailey on Tuesday) : What is penny weighter ? Inspector Drew : A person who goes into a jeweller's shop, and with the aid of some sticky substance on the end of the finger picks up some small bit of jewellery. This is then attached to the under surface of the punter, and a confederate who follows appropriates it. The Recorder : tVe are always learning something.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

First Division.

WARRINGTON v. EARLESTOWN.—At Warrington. Score :

FA RLFSTOWN. W ARRINGTON. J. Crawley 13 Bibby 2 Mason b Howarth 0. Marsh b Thewlis H. H. Crowther c Mason Howarth bPI inston J. F. Reade c Richardson _ b Warburton

b -Mason H. Barr lbw b Thewlis lO E.. A. Connor run out 6 J. H. Alderson b Tnewlis 4 W. Richardson c Bates F. Valentine c and b b Warburton lO -

Thewlis 8 J. Thompson b Warbur C. W. Emmett c Thump- ton son b Thewlis T. R. Howarth a Bibby Bates b Mason R. Rstes not, out

H. Warburton run out ... 2 ton G. Hampson not out 0 Extras

Total 166 Total BOWLING ANALYSIS. EARLESTOWN. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W Mason °1.2 5 53 2 Howarth lO 2 23 3 J. W. Bibby ...11 335 1 JH. Alderson 10 519 0 D. Plinston ... 6 1 8 W Warburton 6 112 4 W. H. Podmore 3 1 8 0 Bates 6 215 2 A. Thewlis 13 149 5

ST. HELENS V. STANLEY.—PIayed at St. Helens on Saturday. Score:— ST. HELENS. STANLEY. S. G. Urmson c Make- Makepeace b Urroson..lo4 peace h Wilson R. N. Turner c Smyth b Homer Molvneux 72 G. Molyneux c Walrus- F. H. Sugg not out 136 ley b Sugg R. Walmslev b Moore ... 5 S. G. Moore o Tickle L. Hammill c Andrews b _ b Hrmson lO _

Taylor 21 B. Sharp not out 52 J.Marshc Sharp b Wilson IL H. Holmes not nut W. H. Ward no out M. Hammill, Horner' G T. B. Wilson, G. A. A. Marsden, and J Wilson, and H. Tickle did not bat. Andrews did not bat. Exttas

Total *3ol Total 238 *lnnings declared. IsinwToN-LE-WILLOWS V. PRESCOTT.—PIayed at Newton on Saturday. Score : PRESCOTT. NEWTON. H.Stott c Millar b Hatton GO J. Millar c Leadbetter G. Prescott b Hatton ... 2 b Redman 42 G. H. Lyon o Hindley b G. Husband c Lyons b Hatton W. E. Bister b Hatton... 40 W. Rylance 1) Prescott 4 J. P. Preston c Cooke b T. Cooke not out Hatton J. Evans not out 7O J. M. Swift b Rvlance l3 J. Lea dbetter c Cooke b Rvlance lO W. tott not out 4 Extras

Total *225

Total 1.56

===== 0002601_19050729_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Second Division.

WARRINGTON V. EARLESTOWN (SECOND ELEVENS). —This return match was played at Earlestown on Saturday. Score:—

NVARRINGTON. EA RLRSTOWN. E. Pierpoint c Greenall AHarrison bßainbridge G b Marsh. T.Houghton c F. Clareb G. B. Leigh o Bain- W. Harrison 7 bridge b Lawe 5O J. W. Bainbridge b G. F. Clare c Newbourne Marsh J. T. Olin 0 T. Clare b J. Burrell o Duckworth G. Marsh R. Pierpoint b Wolfe ... 2 E Brennen bßeinbriclge 3 A. H. Lowe b Wolfe 4 A. Wolfe b Bainbridge 0 A. Duckworth c T. Clare IL Allan run out 63

b Wolfe 6 T. Clare c Bainbridge F. Barber b T. Clare W. Howard c Leigh bT. WHarrisonbßainbridge 6 Clare G. Newbourne c T. Clare b Wolfe 0 W. Bennett not out Extras

Total

Total `)52

Friendly Matches. NORTIMICII v. GRAPPENHALL.—On the ground of the latter on Saturday. Score : ..

- NORTITWICH. GRAPPENHALL. H. Tl. Hughes b Warburton 9 W. Banks c Moreton b F. W. Harper b Watson... 1 Harper H. Cliff c& b Warburton 6 J. Warburton c Cliff b F. W. Bailey o Banks b Harper Warburton J. Moreton b Warburton 8 Harer B. H. Doughty b A. S. Kay b Cliff 3 Burroughs 5 J. Burrows c H. H. F. Forster b Warburton 3 Hughes b Cliff 3 R- Hughes c Kay b War- R. H. Jenkins o More- burton H Nlolyneuxb Warburton 0 P. N. Avery b Harper 0 T. Sadler b Warburton... 3 H. Berry c F)rster b G. Fryer not out S. Jenkins b Harper W. Watson b Cliff .. J. Fairhurst not out Extras

Total 46 Total 29 NORTHWICH 2ND V. GRA:PPE:SHALL 2ND.—Played at Northwich and resulted in a win for the visitors. Score :

_ NORTHWICII. GRAPPENHALL. 1 Glatiffe run out 0 W. Wicks c Dutton b _ _

F. Hughes b Hallows ... 16 Glatilfe E. Holland c Peters b T. Woodward c and b

. _ Slack lO Glatiffe F. Hughes b Callender J. Mottram lbw b b Slack 2 Hughes P. Orme b Hallows S. Bostock b Hallows 0 Hughes W. Holland c Mottram b A. Slack b Glatiffe l5 Slack 8 H. Carter c Hughes b F. Dutton b Mottram T. Leigh b Carter l H. Howard run out 7 R. Miller c Peters b J. Peters run out Slack l5 M. Callender lbw b J. Brain not out lB Leigh 0 W. Bennett not out P. Wilding b Orme 0 Extras

Total 102

Total l4l

Sr. JAMES'S WARRINGTON, p. RUNCORN PARISH CIFURCH.—PIayed on the ground of the former on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the home team by 11 runs. Score

__ ......... ST. JAMES': PARISH CHURCH. P. Knight c T. Wood b 11. Carter b Knght 0 Sayle 3 G.Robinson c Hackney A. Newton lbw bT. Wood 1 b Knight T. Davies b Sayle 6 J. Savle St Cartwright E. J. Mee c and b Sayle 1 b Wright C. Hackney b &Tie 2 T. Williatnson b Wright 0 J. Grounds c Williamson J. Hitchmough b b T. Wood 1 Knight G A. Todd b Sayle 2 T. Wood c Davies b J. Cartwright b &vie 4 Knight 1 A. Grainger b T. Wood 1 T. Hodgetts b Wright 1 C. Massie not out 4 A.Draper st Cartwright W. Wright b T. Wood E. Pownall b Knight 0 1 R. Cooper c Grounds b Wright 3 F. Wood not out 0 I Extras 1 3 Extras

Total

Total l7

===== 0002601_19050729_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON WORKS COMPETITION. Further progress was made on Saturday in connection with the Warrington Works Competition when the following matches were decided in the third round:— FLETCHF.RS. L. & N. w. D. Richardson 5 E. Taylor J. Broadhurst H. Daintith T. Bridge E. Bailey F. Heesom IJ. Massey sen 3 P. Marrow W. Ashall 7 J. Holland E. Shaw l5 W. Gleave J. Massey jun., IJ. Moden ,J. W. Evans l5 J. Hutchinson ll

142 125 Majority for Fletchers 18. TINLANDS (No 1.) P. & H. (NO. 1.) C. Littlewood ll W. Roughley J. Hardman J. W. Worsley l5 W. Povey l3 H, Higham H. Williams 9 It. Knight l5 J. Worsley W. Bowering T. Hatton l5 F. Miller H. Bennett W. Mee l4 J. Shaw l5 G. Ball P. Ball

156 Majority for P. & K., H.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE v. YORKSHIRE.

The Lancashire twenty-six had an uphill task before I them on Saturday when they met the Yorkshire team at Old Trafford. Distanced by the heavy number of 531 points at Airfield three weeks since, their team did not appear to have been sufficiently remodelled to altogether cover their opponents' majority in hand, but when half time was called the deficiency was covered, and by the time the game terminated they claimed a stronger majority than the visitors brought with them from Airfield. Score : LANCASIIIRE. YORKSHIRE. J. Coorabs,vice-president 21 W. Spencer, president 13 R. Williamson. treasurer 21 J. Pickles, vice-presi- P. Talbot, Newton-le- dent Willows 2l W. Walker, Holbeck 7 W. Mill, Heatley IW. Grundy, Stockport... 6 A. Jagger, Clockheaton 21 T. Dickenson, Heaton... 21 H. Wilkinson, Span l5 3. Tootill, Prestwich 2l W. Peel, Waterloo l2 G. Ball, Warrington H. Clarke, Prestwich 2l G. Taylor,Cleckheaton 7 J. Gruudy,Leigh Railw'y 21 T. Stead, Paddock 7 T. Glover,Leigh Railway 21 T. Hughes, Holbeck J. Shaw, Oughtrington... 21 G. Thewlis,Taylor Hill 18 T. Knowles, Didsbury ... 21 J. West, Holrufirth J. C. Howe, Didsbury ... 8 H. Heaton, Lockwood 21 J. M'Cormick, Newton ... 21 H. Squire, Clifton 4 J. Harrison, L. Railway 21 A.Whitehead,Dewsb'ry 16 C. Hough, Prestwich 2l A. Brook, Cleckheaton 20 C. Heaton, Cheetharn Bedworth,N'ton-le-Wil 21 D. Berry, Rastrick lB T. Smith, Leigh, Limited 21 J. Garthwaite, Dalton 19 R. Maxwell, Pendleton... 21 J. Lowe, Wakefield H. Harrison, L. Railway 21 H. Jones, Low Moor l2 J. Taylor, Didsbury A. Mace, Didsbury 6 P. Kilner, Taylor Hilt 21 P. Prescott, L. Railway 19 E. Dyson, Deighton ... 21 H. Coupe, Stockport 2l L. Brown, Ossett

485 377 Aggregate majority for Lancashire, 55. FRIENDLY MATCHES.

WARRINGTON JUNIOR CONSERVATIVE CLUB V. WARRINGTON CoNsEßvAxivß Cr.un.—A very pleasant game was played on Saturday on the Sankey-street green. When the senior club ran out winners by 141 points. Scores:—

_ I JUNIOR. SENIOR. J. T. Boardman (cap.) 13 1.14 J. P. Taylor (cap.) 10 115 H. Taylor W. Skelhorn • l3 1-10 W. Millington ... 91 15 B. Dagnall W. Sankey 7} n %V. J. Wilson T. Smith 6 " W. Strettle l3 T. Knox 4l 4 J Hesketh 1- 15 W. Bradbury Bl G. Rotherham ... 13 1 T. Roberts 3) , \V. Twiss l3) 15 W. Warburton l3l S. Caldwell ll j ' J. Vernon IH. Haves 2l H. Booth l3 fl 5 .1. H. Bagnall J. Seed S. Thorley 3) 4. H. P. Turner G. Molyneux 8 f ' P. Marsh l3 1 " I ;I. Clough W. Gibson l3 j B. Wells C. Newton l3} 8 F. Turner 10) , , I J. Atkinson

158 87 240 146 Majority for the Sediors, 141. WARRTNGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. CEMETERY V. FEARNHEAD.—PIayed OR the Cemetery green on Saturday. Scores : CEMETERY. FE ARNIEEAD. T. Jones E. Taylor ll W. Andrews l5 W. J. Woods T. Belton T. Berry l5 J. Hewitt 5

J. Wood l5 P. Croft 5 G. Ball T. Ellison l5 F. Swift A. Scott J. Willett T. Humphreys J. E. Harrison l3 J. %Veston l5

171 105 Majority for Cemetery CC. ODDFELLOWS' ANNUAL HANDICAP . .

The third annual handicap prguco—te-d-I;;:iVe—P—tince of Wales Lodge took place at the Farmer's Arms,. Fearn- head, on Saturday, in the presence of a good crowd of spectators. Scores : -

FIRST ROUND. T. Reddish 3 J. Holt 3 w.o. R. Holland ° R. H. fla}ford 4 v.o. J. Wilkins ° — IL Heys " - D. Bromley 2 NV. Woods 3 l3 G. Bottomley 2 .T. Peers 5 l3 B. Talbot, 3 -T. Rigby 3 'W. Dolan 5 l3 W. King 4 - 10 W. Cottom 0 w.o. F. Webster 4 E. Finch 3 T. Wadsworth 5 F. Clare 3- w.o. J. Firth 3 C. Glover 0 A. S. Shaw Sc w.o. J. Elliott 3' — IV. Kerfoot 2 R. Smith 1 S. Sheldon 3 l3 H. Farrar 5 NV. Roughley 9 l3 A. Blackburn 4 NV. Chalmers 5 — J. Warburton 1 H. Cook 3 w.o. R. Sumner 5 B. Hall 3 H. Haslam 3 l3 G. F. Freeman sc W. Waring 3 l3 F. Corless 3 C. Taylor 3 James Wrencit ° l3 W. Newton 3 T. Middleton 3 John Wrench 2 F. Wiserlale 1 A. Wright 4 l3 A. Atkinson ° T. Barnes 3 :F. Miller 1 SECOND ROUND. B. Hall 'W, Woods l3 R: Hi.Tittiford 5 E. Finch l3 A. Wright ,C. Glover F. Clare • w o 3: Mrburton D. Bromley ,R. Smith S. Sheldon T. Reddish l3 J. Holt 4 .Tris. Wrench John Wrench T. Middleton T. Barnes W. Kerfoot l3 F. Millar J. Peers C.Taylor l3 NV. Baslain TIMM ROUND.

T. Barnes l3 C. Glover W. Kerfoot l3 J. Peers l2 S. Sheldon W. Woods R. Srnith D. Bromley T. Middleton C. Taylor l3 B. Hall FOCRTFT Rousn.

T. I%liddleton R. Smith l3 S. Sheldon 9 D. Bromley l3 W. Kerfoot C. Taylor l3 T. Barnes SEMI-FINAL.

T. Middleton 13 B. Smith D. Bromley C. Taylor FINAL.

T. Middleton l3 D. Bromley .........

===== 0002601_19050729_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTEER CHURCH PARADE.

The Rector's Criticism of Warrington.

The annual church parade of the members of the Ist Volunteer Battalion Prince of Wales's Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment) took place on Sunday morning, when that' attended the service at the Parish Church before leaving for the annual encampment on Salisbury Plain. A start was made from the Drill Hall at about ten o'clock, the total strength of officers and men being over .109. Colonel Edelsten was in command The procession was headed by the regimental and bugle band followed by the "mounted" infantry on foot, the rear being brought up by.the Cycle Corps. The men pre- sented a very smart and soldierly appearance. They marched at a quick pace through Legh-street, Sankey- street Buttermaraet-street, and Church-street to the church, the route being lined with spectators. The centre of the church was reserved for the men from the Dennt and the Volunteers, most of the usual congregation toeing accommodated with seats in the gallery. The service was conducted by the Rector, assisted by he Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, and Mr. Darby was at the organ. There was special music and the choir gave an excellent rendering of the anthem "Judge me. 0 Lord, (Mozart). The Rector took for his text the word : Watch ye. Stand fast in the faith. Quit you like tmen, Be strong." He said these were rather short,sharp and stern words; words they might think better befitting the soldier on command than the minister of the Gospel of peace, and yet God had given to His ministers in things lawful and right authority and power. Theßector said he would first speak to the Volunteers as inhabitants of the town and borough as burgesses, as electors. They might in a sense compare Ephesus with Warrington, the latter being a free town of great importance. Its population'had trebled within the last 20 years, being now estimated at GB,OOO. It had a good government. He did not know of a town that was better ordered and better governed than Warrington. It had its nine wards and four officers appointed to each—an alderman and three councillors—whose duty was to take care of the ward and do their utmost for I it. They were positions of great importance, but to which everyone present might rise. There were I many trades in the town, and that was said to be the reason of its prosperity. Where ons . failed another succeeded. There were, however, dark blots, physical blots, moral blots ; smoke filled our atmosphere to a certain extent, perhaps unnecessarily. Sewage filled our rivers quite unnecessarily. There was drunkenness, gambling, impurity, and it WAS the bonnden duty of everyone of them to do his utmost for the good of the' town. In the second place the Rector spoke to the men as soldiers, as volunteers, as men holding a grand position in the Ist Voluntoer Battalion, South Lanca- shire Regiment. They had important duties to dis- charge. Let them think of the possessions this country I held at the present time. It was almost within our own remembrance that our country had gained these great possessions and as Volunteers and AS soldiers they must be determined to stand up for the position which they believed God had given them for the welfare of man- kind. And now the Warrington Volunteers were going into camp to prepare themselves for the duties which one day might come upon them. They had to be very careful about attention to their duties, obedience to command, and when off duty they must use pore language and indulge in innocent amusement, thus keep- ing up the honour of the country and their regiment. In the third place the congregation were addressed as , Christians. As townsmen they loved their town and as soldiers, they loved their coantry. So he would say As Christians love your church.'' The narch back to the Drill Hall was witnessed by a still larger number of !spectators. Church-street being rendered almost im- passable for the time being. The men marched quickly , through the streets, and the headquarters were reached shortly after twelve o'clock.

One of the greatest factors for comfort in the house is to have the needful work done in the best manner and in the shortest time. There is no help to compare with Fels-Naptha soap towards furthering these ends. That is if rightly used: not as other soaps are used, but in an easier way fully explained in the simple directions with every bar. With Fels-Naptha soap don't use any clothes-rotting chemicals nor skin destroying pc..vders.

Let Fels-Naptha cleanse and s purify in the comfort- able, easy, rapid and absolutely safe way directed. Fc:s•Noptha Wilson street London EC

===== 0002601_19050729_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
NO TONGUE CAN TELL SUFFERING

From Itching and Bleeding Eczema Pain Terrible— Body and Face Covered with Sores Doctors and Medicines Failed.

ANOTHER WONDERFUL CURE BY CUTICURA

"No tongue can tell how I suffered for five years with itching and bleeding ec- zema, until I was cured by the Cuticura Remedies, and I am so grateful I want the world to know, for what helped me will help others. My body and face were cov- ered with sores. One day it would seem to be better, and then break out again with the most terrible pain and itching. / have been sick several times, but never in my life did I experience such awful suffering as with this eczema. I had made up my mind that death was near at hand, and I longed for that time when. I would be at rest. I had tried many dif- ferent doctors and medicines without suc- cess, and my mother brought me the Cuticura Remedies, insisting that I try them. I began to feel better after the first bath with Cuticura Soap, and one application of Cuticura Ointment. I con-,. tinned with the Soap and Ointment, and have taken four bottles of Cuticura Re- solvent, and consider myself well. Any person having any doubt about this won- derful cure by the Cuticura Remedies can write to my address. Mrs. Altie Etson, Bellevue, Mich."

ITCHING ECZEMA And All Other Itching and Scaly Eruptions Cured by Cuticura.

The agonizing itching and burning of the skin, as in eczema; the frightful scaling, as in psoriasis; the _loss of hair and crusting of scalp, as in nailed head, from infancy to age; all demand a remedy of almost superhuman virtues to successfully cope with them. That Cuticura Soap, Ointment, and Pills are such stands proven beyond all doubt.

• Cutieurs Soap, Ointment, cnd PIN are mold throughout Ow world. Depots London, 27 Chartt rhou Eq. Paris, 5 Rued. h Paix; Auld-rang, R. Towns az Co., Syticey. Potter DP.Ig Chem. Corp., Boaton, C. S. A. Sede Props. 111111-Send for "now to Cure Eczcn: a." Tdeiied Frac

THE BEST FAMILY AIEDICINS.

KAYE'S WORDSELL'S PILLS

Are a certain cure for Indiratton, Biliousrless, Hea Dyspepsia. Constipation, Liver and Kidney Comulaints,ft. For Ladies of atl ages they are lavalimble. Of all Chemists. le. lid . a. 9d., and 4s. fid. per box or post free on reoeint stamps to

DEPOT, 13, St. Giroi:{4e Street, Norwloh.

SOLD EVERYWHERE at is. li, 2s. 9i, 4s. 6d., and Ils

Obrtdcië LUNG TONIC, ORLD:rSHIYRS FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, do.

TOOTH-ACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S 8:'t;e4.13.°1.14 ijiree4vPieilrN"ightl Preventel. .Neur4lgic Heldaches and ell Nerve removed by B NERVINE Pains url MR 'S NERVINg. Obemlete, le 11. or post free on receipt of stamps to DEPOT, 13, St. George Street. Norwich.

B

N E TRADE MARK

===== 0002601_19050729_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
TEN

LAGE

NT'S

EER.

GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM SEDIMENT To be obtained from M. WALKER& SONS LTD., Froghal Bridge, Waringten. and of all Wine Merchants and Bottlers. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled. See that Every Bottle has the Red 'T. Label. 19, Lancelots Hey. Liverpool. WELLP-A.RK BREWERY, GLASGOW

START CURING YOURSELF TO )AY! If yno are aufferine r rani any dl,ase due, to an Impure elate of the Wood, it Is serious rn4tter, ani (t•let not ftdrnit of del .y. Before ?ou can be r.,atored to health the impurities mu.. 11 be driven out. Al! Blood end data Disesaes, .udn <IA

ECZEMA, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, SCROFULA, BAD LS, GOUT,

SCURVY.

101HUMATISM, PIMPLII3. etc.

en he poritively cured hr taking R clam of Clarke's Bl.lod Mixture. the W 0,1,- reinedlo-,1 Purifier. This f4ux medicine Is warruitelto e!canse the blood from all impurities from whqtever cause a-14ing. Thousands of teettinolills have6een received frrnia psrts of the world. Of ea Chemists and acres, 2s. 9d. per tttle &sit for

CLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE

AND BEWARE OF iMITITIONS.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
'CHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

reed In the Rove& Laundrlertl. Should be used in every house. Onre tred, Altrarg a a Irod. ItIAKEI OLD LINEN LIKE NEW ;e greatest boon ever offered to the'Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Leos's, ,te. it does not stink to aphier-we- Ike rnkterials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id., 3t., end 6d. each. PREP &RED ons BY T. CRICTFILSY, Chemist. BLRCICSURIit. 7, Whiteeroke dtreat, London, S.C.

CL4I/KE'S fi 41 PILLS wee warranted to core. In either , sex, allacemired for constitutional discharges fr,mt Lb." UinaryOrgans, Gravel and Pains In the back. Piee from Metrury. Established upwards of 30 yesrs. In boxed 4s. 6d. esch, of all chemists nod Pr.ten,, Medicine Vendors throuar on Ito world, .r sent for sidt9 stamps by the makers. Tbe Lin coin and Midland CountlC,s Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt.

FLORILINE FOR THE TEETH AND HRELTH.—Thoroughlv cleanses the teeth frAti all parasites or impurities, haruens the scums, prevents tartar, stops deosy, an gives to tbe teeth a peculiar pearly whitenees ant a deligbtfut traces's& to the breath Price 2.. 6d. for the liquid, or ls. per jr ice the Flortime " Powder," of all Chemists and Petfumers.— Advt.

_ VALUABLE lIIISCOVERY Yon w RAIL—If your hair to turning grey or white or faldr, off. use the Maxicav HAIR Rzwawrn, (Jr it will positively restore, ev•-ry ease, grey or white, hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting th 3 growth price 3s. 61. per bottle.—Advt. To MOTH.—?re. WtseLow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years b. millions of mothers for their eltidrenwhila teething, with perfect OUC3I3IS. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to tast.i arki pounoes natural quiet sleep, by rclievinj the child from pain and the little cherub awakes as bright a button." of all Chemists la ISzi. per hottle.—Airt

C RITI 0 * r •

===== 0002601_19050729_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
gat "O;nnitntr otrits

rig ' WIRR/NGTON AND MID-CHRSHIR.B HEADLINER." published every Saturds-• morning. T" " EA.RLESTOWN AND NRWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon. rHE "ST. Himistrs Swarms,' published every I. Friday afternoon. Ta' "RUNCORN ExAMINE," published every Friday afternoon. T" " '' IDNRS EXAM/VIM," published every Friday afternoon. TILIP. EXAMINER SERIES PREP AID ADVERTISEMENT APA.RTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTe To LET HOUSES To BE SOLD /ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEoUs ei•NTEII ARTICLES POUND MocELLAREous SALES One Three; Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ............. Os. 64. ~. Is. 3d. ... 21. Od. 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_19050729_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
nomestit Oerbants, etr.

WANTED rood HOUSE-PABLOURMAID.—Mrs.BIRLEr Woodside. Routsfard.

VVANTBD. a GIRL from 16 to 18 as GIiNBRAL in Beer- house.—Apply 28. moor lane. Bolton.

IiOUSBMAID and Kitchen-maid Wanted, P ugust 19th Mn. 7.11011R0, Rexham Lodge, New Barnet.

WANTBD strong GlRL.—sclaress 2131, GREAT GREET- HAM ST., Higher Broughton, Manchester.

LI IT IJATIODT S wanted as General Servants for several strong 13 country girls.—Mrs. Cogvea, Registry, Gloucester.

NVASTRO Good GENII/JAL SHRVANT.—Mrs. alaaos, Rosemount Villa. Manchester rd..Ashton-un,ler-Lyne

ANTBD, good GRStiIiAL, at once.—Apply GoLDEs TV 'CAVERN, 171, Rochdale road, Harpurl ey,Mancheiter.

ANTNIJ 0.1131., 15 or 16. to look after b.by.--anply y r lira B,CANlC,Woodsiae Vllla,Ulnei Walton. nr.Preston.

WANTED COOKS. Housemaids. Generals ; nice places ; good wages.—APPLY 52, N•RRIS BT Rochdale, Lanes.

WANTBD thorough tilifillttlaL StihVANT, good wages. Three in fansily.—BArrits, Waratala, Lower Walton, Warrington.

ANTBD, general SERVANT, to help with housework.— Apply irgomaa INALstaLET,ON Llcense,l69 Manchester rd., Haslingden.

WANTED, Superior GENERAL, good Cook ; early riser ; good references; end of August —M., 10, Elm Hall Drive, Liverpool.

1,11 ANTED good GNNBELAL, oomfortablA borne, state acre. wage and ref erencea.—Mrs. CAB% 15, Church at.. tstalyt ridge

WANTBD. Respectable GIRL as GliN MitAL ; all duties ; two in family ; good references required.-27. HART- WOOD RD., Southport.

if V ANTED, GIRL abort 17 as GHNRRAL, 4s. weekly. One who has been out before preferred.-56, SOUTH- -33•31C RD., Southport.

lArANTBD, GIRL, strong, country, assist with house work : private family.—Mrs. HARRIS, 4, Pengwern terrace, Promenede. Liscard.

WANTED SITUATION for YOUNG PERS° N, In good home R here she would be well trained.—B.T. Examii.er " OtEoe, Warrington.

VVANTHD, respectable COOK-GHNBRAL. one lady; little washing ; age 28 to 35.—Apply Mn. C.LBTEB. 48, Dunraven rd., West Kirby.

WANTED, go,d General SEGIVANT ; two In family. comfortable home; every consideration.—Apply 3. BELFLELD RD., Didsbury, Manchester.

- WARTBD. a respectable NURSH GIRL, aged about 17 ; one used to young children preferred.—Apply Mrs. JANIS HALLIWELL, swan Rotel, Atherton.

ArANTED HOUSRMAID-WAITRE3S, churchwoman. Four in family, three maids kept. Sood teterettee required.—Mrs. 71. Albert rd , Southport.

WANTED good GENERAL SERV aNT ; one able to milk preferred ; reference required ; s ate age and salary.— Mrs. WHEELHOUSE, Brimrod Farm, Rochdale

WANTHD good Plain COOK; do own kitchen; age 30 to 40 ; Churchwoman ; good character indispensable.— state wages —Mrs. FFOIIIKEB, Melangbll, Rbyl.

WANTBD COOK or COOK-GISNNRAL ; able to bake and cook plain thing. thoroughly ; small family. —Mi. TOLEON, Yealand, Park rd., Hele, Cheshire.

WANTBD GIRL to assist with homework. seaside house 52. weekly and perquieltem, tare paid. Not out before taken.—Mrs. NASH, 43, Dombey at.,Pnrk rd., Liverpool.

WIE.) ART, SITUATION as WORKING HOUSI4KBISPRR to Gentleman by in,p.rior young person. Good Mar- enee.—Miss PRYCE, IS, Allendale it.. Mount it.. Salford.

A LL °LASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or It town,public and private.—Call or write Miss HLRHISOIts only office). 6,oldbam street. Manchester. Established 1862.

/ IUOK3 WANTED £2O to £24, Housemaid Wmtress to £22, Generals £lB to £2O. Girls £l4, excellent places 240 connection with any other offlce. —Write to HAEstsorr's 6, Oldham street. Manche.ter.

-• Ati LL OLAntiS OP ITUATIONo, private and public good homes. excellent wages ; places In town, country and seaside.—Wrlte to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham Street. Blanchester.

MRS. MUD RRQUIRRB Good PLAIN GOOKS be,aveen and Kitchentvaids, Waitsesses, Housemaids, Nurses and superior generals.—Ssmircr REGISTRY, Husholme, Mauchester. Retabllshed 25 years.

WANT. COOK at once. Plain cooking ; reliable character. active and capable ; age from about 30; satisfactory references--Apply' MATRON, Primitive Methodist College. Alexandra rd.. South. Manchester.

WANTSD for Rock Ferry Liverpool, GRNIIRAL ; 30 to 40; honest, trustworthy, sober. Wash for lady and child. References required ; comfortable home moderate N./neg.—Apply LAiwkw, Moss Farm. )4aslington. Crewe

===== 0002601_19050729_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
En be ttt.

PENICHTI4.—GOOO HOUSH9 WITH CIARDHNS, 31. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 20. 6d. per week. Also Semi-detached House, Cbauel-road, rent £l4. IVY LODGH,FROGHALL LAN. redu.ed rent. SMALL WORKS, LATCHFORD, 5 minutes from War- ington Bridge, rent 7.. 61. week. 61, CATHHRINH ST.. 6 roomed house, rent de. week. LABURNDII VILLA, FROGHALL LASH, reduced rent. Apply OBERT Lowx, Hstate Agent. No. 1 Bank-sikeet War- rington. Telephone—Nn 65.

rro LET 17, FOLLY LANE, WOOD Sox Horsemarket Street, Warrington. TO LET Goo(' corner SHOP. Parker a.--Apply WOODS a 1, SON, Solicitors, Horsernarket at., Warrington.

fro LET GOOD HOUSE. Parker street, rent 351. month 1 clear.—Apply WOODS & doN, Solicitors, Warrington. fro LET. good HOUSE in Derby-street, rent 4.. 6d. ; also 1 one off Bewaey-road, rent 4s, 6d.—apply WOODS a SON, bolicitors,

'arrington.

QHOP and DWBLLING to be Let. convenient cellar ; 10 years grocery ; 55. Bewsey it.. Warrington.—Apply SICELLAND, 6.5.a0 Bewsey it.

ro BB LBT, BROP, No. 19, Church it., Warrington with workshop, warehouse, and living apartments.— Apply A. Mcuifilmn. Dutton it., Warrington.

HOUSR.—ereat : Sankey, near station.—House (semi- detached), containing 7 rooms.bat h, &c. ; garden back and front ; rent £2B.—Apply Mr. B. DIXON. Hightield road. Sankey.

L'IFFICHS to be Lee, over Ur ion Bank, Sankey Street, I_,/ Warrington ; light and airy ; fire places and electric lights in each ro..m.—Apply J. KUDLOW, estate and business agent, Union Banls-building3, Warrington.

1:1211DGB-FOOT,I WARRINGTON.—Large Yard to Let. 11 with extensive building for stables or workshop. —Apply Mr. R. W. FRINCOME. Victoria Howe, WPderspool ; or Mr. R. Lowe, Estate Agent, 1 Bank it., Warrington.

BUILDING LAND, suitable fOr houses, works. .1c„ to be Let to Padgate, Latchford .Without. and ftrappenhall. —Apply Mr. H. W. Fatacoms. Victoria Moues. Wilderepool ; or Mr. R. Lowe. Estate Agent, 1, Bask it., Warrington.

touseo anb ?Laub on 'ai.

OR SALE.—Warrington.—Firet Chief Rent ~—Partienlars J. SuhLove. estate and buaineos agent. Union Bank- buildings. Warrington.

F- - - - OR SALM. —Warrington. —eac3nrl Chief Rents —Partieu laza J. SIIDLOW, estate aad bovines' agent,Unlon Bank- bnlidingr, Warrington.

-VOR SALll,liigbt Howes at 4s. Ad. per week.—Particulars SUDLOW estate and business agent, Union Bank - buildings. Warrington.

O SALE, SHOP and HOUSE end house adjoining NJ 5-stalled staMe and workshop ; waggonette, very little used.-3. MARXET 9T.. or King's Head, Atherton.

QIIBUELEIAN PUBLIC] tor disposal, valuable lease. low rent. nice house, Stabling, Fowl run, very large garden. —For fullest particulars apply to ACCOUNTANT. 24, Park Stoke Newington. N.

lane

VOR SALE, new Property; excellent position, House; .I.' also Shop with House, good opening for confectioner or mixed business.—Particulars J. Stunow, estate an business gent. Union Hank-huildincs,Warrington.

111QUILDING LAND.—Oakdale-avenue. Overton. irrodsbana, ...V beautifully situated, 15 minutes' walk from station ; to be leased In plots for detached, or semi-detached houses Apoiy to Jos,:s LITTLER. Fir Bank. Frotishatn.

LAND.—FREEHOLD LARD, In many counties, for cottage, shop, farm. or mansion ; plots from £lO each, or £2O per acre (good roads), payable by Instalments, free deeds ; houses, shops, and bungalows.—Mr. Bakis, Farn- borough, Hants. GAHDEN CITY (Residential only), South Westmorland. —Quarter-acre Plots and upwards of FREEHOLD TAHD where sea and mountain air abound ; price, including street formation, one shilling per yard ; easy payments If desired—Plan and particulars free, HEWN Ann Fos, ileathop Park, Grange-over-Sande.

lifiistellattous, en 'a!t, etc.

MATRIMONY.— Uetalls mode or getting introdnotions,ll. Mins, 7b4, Romford rd., Manor Park.

MBNIAIR FiniT.—Guaranteed Cure, le. box, sent post J_ free.— b. ROSE. 89, Ann's :d., Southend.

riIIiNDBX Fl&liT. -Guaranteed cure, Is. box, sent post J. free.—A. ROE, 89, Ann's rd., Southend. CURIOUS Books. Photos. l&e. Catalogue, with samples, 61.—H. COHEN Is Co., Publishers, Amsterdam.

TAINNER SET, 50 pieces, 13s. 9d. ; sample 64. (packed free).—J. B. MELLOR & Co.. Baraboo, Staffs.

ilunious BOOKS, Photos, &a.; Uatalogue, with samples, 14,J Bs.—H. Comm & Co., Publishers, Amsterdam.

13110SICARDS, Beet assorted, 50, le. 2d. ; 10J, 21. 3d. ; 1. 1.000, 216.—IturiTor8, Stationer, Bond it., Bristol.

"S O CK SERGE, double width. le. per yard. Patterns free —DENTON'S SERGE WAREHOUSE. Gloucester.

VLBAS. Beetles Killed. 3d. and 6d. Agents wanted.- 19 SMITH ,Victoria at.. Hsverton Hill, Mtddlesborough.

DOLICENIHN supplied with Jewellery. Furnitive. Clothes, Instalments.—MANAGEß. 37 Grosvenor rd.,Canonbury,

CMSRAS. Acceseorles. and Automatic Slot Machine,— money takers. —Particalers. SMITH. 5.3, Sheffield road, Erdlngton.

SuPHRFLuous HAIR speedlls removed. receipt 25. 6d. Stamped envelope.-5145 BROWN. Branch Bank, Prick- willow, (Jambe.

FISHING TACKLH Lines, hooks, flies, reels, rods, from le ; live maggots; 6d. box.—COLLET, 279, comity rd. Liverpool.

TTYPEWRITER SMITH PREMIER in perfect order; must be sold quickly.—Address K.S. •• Examiner Office. Warrington.

3 / Lady will sacrifice 2 handsome jewelled RINGS /- 18-et. gold-eased.—Miss VERNON. 40, Amwell it. Claremont square. London, W.C.

64. t ATRIIIOSIAL POST" sealed envelope sd. With circular 9d.—BDITOR, 11 Trstalgar Butinlngs, London W.O —Specimen copy. stamp.

A STROLOGY.—Horosoope of Character and Events, with El twa years' future added.—Send birth date, ls. P. 0., Prof Gotn,n, 26, Hill it.. Newport, Mon.

BEP Wilt buying BOOTS ani SHOMS elsewhere, tend post card for Bargain Price List.— W. BANKS, 15 Sandyford st., Stafford. Mention paper.

KLBIiMIMS. registered plate cleaner. Can. 6d. and Is., three csns, either size, post free. Agents wanted,— WEFICP. The Mode" Jeweller, bouthsea.

SI A PisINNY SANNO Is a penny made." Our Illustrntai ft cdalogue will save you pounds.—Address PATERSON WR OUT, 2E, Ivy Lane, London, B.C.

A FOUR LBS. Delicious Walnut. Caramel Toffee, /3 • absolutely pure. 21. 64. Carriage paid. Recommended Schoots.—Dator 34. Willingham st. Grimsby.

‘VATCHIId from 5s ; t! liver Mellott Levers. Hali-marktd Cases, warranted five years, Ult.—Write, stating wants, to itAsozr, Clarbeston rd., Pembrokeshire. nHAFNESi RBLIKVBD with Rubber Sound Discs; silver wire attachment ; Invisible and harmless ; ss. pair ; poet free.—W. COMPLIN, 21, Bmpress Avenue, Ilford. lIAVR YOU A DULL RAZOR 7—Send for a sample of my Razor Tablets ; post free, 3d. ; satisfaction guaranteed. Agents wanted,—IRONMONGICII. 69. Wardsend, Sheffield.

VOW+ CHABAUTBR DBLIBBATBD from your hand- -1 writing. Send specimen, stamped envelope, and ls. P.O. to 'VERITAS,' 50, Beresford Road,Harringay, London.

AZAAFt (lOODS (Special), 610. and id. Greatest _1) variety and value In the trade.—SaLmoN & lidarTHEw- MAN. Ltd.. Plough Balding', Gloucester it., Birmingham.

jAPANIISIS GOODS, Direct from Jaw, carriage paid.— it/ 24 Postcards, le. 61. ; three Quaint War PI tures, 1E; 24 Silk Pans, 56.; Agents wanted.—PdAres.YokohainA.Janan.

100 HOUND-COlNitni9D Gold-edge Ivory Visiting Cards. Is. 3.4 carriage paid. Sawnles free AlanninE, Athletic Printer.lB9,Grove Green rd..Leytonstoue

lAUNDS ItSBS' WASHING BLUM (Chinese Blue. pure). By Ms., in paste. 90. ; dry. ls. 6d. per lb. Coin with order; san.ples free for stamp.—BODERTS AND Co., 63. St. John st.. 8.0.

wE WANT TO FILL YOUR PURSH. Catalogues free, Marvellous tArgitina. Clothing. Boota, Jewellery, Cutlery —Janata. Celebrated Pawnbrokers, Po.ter it., liewport, Mon.

A TTBNTION I SOMIITHING NEW. Secret of per- ti happiness. Marvellous dlecovery. Hundreds delighted ; Is. 6d. only, returned If diesatisfied.—HAßPOßD, Ifllton rd., Horfield. B istol.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

QANIcuttlYS POISON tor Killing Rats answers kJ well. "After one dressing I to Ind 138 dead next morn- ng."—J. BLUM. Heistborpe, Leighton. "I killed 200 rate eitb Sanford's Poison—U. COOL, Farmer, Mesmer°. ' I destroyed 145 rate with it."-0. Wireox, Offer& —Send Is 2d SANFORD 1 SON,Sandv Beds. Sold by Otwinlsts

Ilifgrellantous, en Ottles, ett.

rpm LONDON TRADER'S ASSOCIATION allow 33 per .1_ cent. 011 Depoolta.-93 LECADENEE aLL ST., 80.

CIGAB BANDS for Decorative Porpnsee ; samples (60 all different), four stamps.—E. itou,Cigar Merchant Slough.

A CCRPTBD BY Ttill KING.-8 Views Blanchester Dock, ed, post free. —BHARDLOW, Fallowfleld. Manchester. 2250 for £l.OOO worth of Greenhouses, Dwelling - house, and Garden.—Apply GREEN, Heamoor, , 8.8.0 , Cornwall.

41/AItA,CLE lINOLOYOPiEDIA "(George Newnes) ON / SALB. 306 d. parts; unsoiled; take 7s. 6th ; a btrgain. —2O, °maxi,: ST., Preston.

HOPH FOR THB liAlßLßSS.—Baldnese cured. For tree advice Bend poilcard to Hataonalt,Collins' adver- tising Agency, 69 Royal avenue, Be :fast.

()NN Reautlful Coloured MINIATURE for Lockets repro- duced from any photo for Is. State colour hair, eyes, do.—PoDGKR. 105, Mandoroft road, Croydon.

WOHMS in Horses, Dogs. Sic. Simple remarkable remedy used in well-known stable.—Nine stamps to WoODfd, Woodbine. Elkegonleb avenue,Beloist.

FOWL CORN. 74 6d. 10e. 64. 123 64. 2401b5.; Pig Food, 71. 64. and Poultry Meal. 8.. and 10.. per 2001b3. Roam AND Co.. 15, Goree plezzas,Liverpool. Mention paper.

pDIGRSTION and LlVlD:l.—lnfallible cure; send P.O. Is. Ed.—F. ATKINS. 50, Addington rd.. Bow. R.

fotorito, faqineggeg. RPbart ett.

RESSMAKING and MILLINEttY fIUSINHSS for DIS- I POSAL. Good reason for leaving.- 10, lima ST., Crewe.

HAIRDRII3BIII t. 19 (Gen's Saloon) ; established 25 years ; main thoroughfare ; good living ; near large works.— PARIMR, 23, Huddersfield rd., Oldham.

CIHRMISTS' BOSINItiS FOR £314.1.18 owing to 111-health; V cheap; establised over 40 years.— HOB ERT LEECH, chemist, 34, Upper Duke at , Hulme. Manchester.

pit= and POTTRRY BUSIMEG3S (sound) for sale ; fitted throughout with modern machinery ; excellent clay and plentiful aupoly. JOSEPH HIND, Solicitor. tdaool,afiald.

Wintti3

ntsINTRII (married) seeks JOB. Handy at Repairs, Bstate _IL or otiaerwlse.—Boaliow. South View, Bognor.

A DDRIMING. LJIBUULAKe3,/c.-tiend a odreued envelope Lt SEOBETARY (BOX 1). 14, Victoria Nunn% Bolton.

OBNL'a WaNTldu ; good profits. full particulars stamp. 11. —tdatraden, 18, Hallway st.. Chadwell Heath, Niue'.

QPORTBMBN wanting genuine Information (by letter) send 51. weekly.—C. CH/LDS, 181, Essex rd., Islington,

A GOOD HOHH for luvalid Lady or otherwise, or care of ti.. lody's NAM. Chesterfield House, New Thundersley, liseex.

MYST/11110118 PUZZ LB. —lLventor wants financial assistance sure to Particulars, A 13LEWHITE. 134 Brunswick st., Leicester.

BDB :;our own BOSS, start businees on your own.--Seud stamped envelope for full partl2ulare, THE SHARP SuPPLy COMPANY, Sllloth, Cumberland.

SUN-DIAL WANTRD.— Wanted an old Stone Sun-diel. state of repair immaterial ; send particulars to F. F. tacligaztE, The Warren, Longhton. Relax.

DISEINGAGHD.-LADY, middle-age, any position of trust or bsok•keeping, &o. ; good referencies.—Apply first Instance Mrs. ROBERTS, 81. Wallgate. Wigan.

rit IVING AWAY.—Eno Business ; everyone eligible.— UV Psrticulars (enclosing stamped envelope) from P.B.P.A. 3.5 and 36 Imperial Buildings, Ludgate Circus, B.C.

B. VHASBY, Windsor Works, Windsor it.. Brad- -I • ford, Wool, Waste, and Shoddy Merchant. Bagging, Old Leather, Rubber, and Scrap Metal Bought. Terms cash.

y AND AND TA.—Rellable Agents wanted in every LI town and village In the United Kingdom for the Bale of tea; liberal commission.—Apply DUDLEY SALT,Herne Bay.

CIONFECTIONERY.—WANTED smart FEMALE who V would like to learn the ahove; easy terms for board and lodging, good home.—Address W. "Eximtaer" Office, Wgtn.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOOKS, Scc., ROUORT FUR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR ADVANIUNS MADE. HicanaT PRlobs GIVEN. NO ORAwail FoR INBPROTION. FIAkTLEY AND Co., 12, MOSE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ebutation.

QANDBAC El SCHOOL, CH tSHlßE.—Moderate 1..7 Fees. Illustrated Prospectus from Headmposter.

UNIVEsIiuSIR7B7 SCBHOOARODLIN, aBOQCURTOOtitPF.OORtaioysA MOST

W. HRADBILSON. M.A., Principal,

motor ears,epttes, (tautness. ete

PURNOUT for SALE. Victoria PhAeton, Chestnut Cob _L silver-mounted Harness.— 17, BOOTHROYDEN, Blackpool.

CYCLH FRAM HS 351., Plated Wheels 155., C./017dr 6s. ; state requirements.-PoLLocx.ls, Little James st.,Holborn,W .C.

ON SAL% large stiff CART. new, nothing better; well seasoned ; carry 2 tons.—Apply J. HOW•RTH, Hilton Elouse Station, Blackrod.

U G oar LU, comfortable and in excellent condition by Bennion and Heeley ; suit 14.2 to 15'2.—Apply NETHER LEI, Greenbank, Nortli*ich.

SsdART Oae-hor Hse WAGONISLT for Sale; will sell cheap; good as new ; cushions. etc , complete.—Apply 1, John at.. Norden, near Rothdale.

710 BB SOLD, good strong LIIIRRY with MI-limpets Bud .1. sideboards complete. in good order...apply JOSEPH CLARE. Smith and wr eelwrlght, Broadheath.

IYULts for Disposal, gent's Inge-grade m‘colna. as [IOW' not soiled, tree wheel, rim brake, plated rims, paeu mane tyres. mud guards, gas lamp, aud atl accessories; genuine bargain, £44,, cash. lowest; approval Willingly.— K. GILL. Wavenev Villa, Beech Road, vV eston-suner-M are.

ILlorseSl nogs, Übe stork &I.

_ GRAND Prize-bred Pedigree Belgian HAKES, from la. State wanta.-000PER, Winton, Bournemouth.

BLACK SPANISL PUPS (2 dog and bitch) for sale. Price and particulars. U. it.smanorrosr, Chapelthorpe, near Wakefield.

PIGHONS.—GRAND PHDIGBB FIOBINUS, parents IA flown Jersey, beet pairs 31.—XELLY, 9, Jackson at. Ashton-nnder-Lyne,

illiAldil AFIUCIA.II ildiliX YAKItOk with red tail. tiegl il l_X to talk, 255., approval.—Mulinaxn, Seabright Villa, Castle-Douglas, Scotland.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
iflarbnierp. trt.

lEtbital.

pILHS.—Sure and Speedy Cure. Free 15 arnpIe.—MEDICA.L. Ashley House, Upper Parkstone. Dorset.

DRONCHITIS and Asthma cured.—Send P.O. Is. to, " MEDICO," Desford Junction, near Leicester.

S . T. JO ,NSON, Medical Her Callat.—Pennyroyal .iNPills. 13 stamps. 38 Brarnhall lane. Sheffield.

QORn, Hot Perspiring. Bad-smelling Feet safely cured. Recipe, Is —INDusTRY, Heckinron. Lincolnakire.

IVEuRALGIA.—Abs lute Cure ; doctor's recipe sent for 4 11 stamps. —gEISIME. 170, Arkwright it., Nottinei‘m

AGOOD klit./IPH for Qonrumptlon, worth 21 ; P.O. Es. 7d.—A. WHITE. audener, Old Walsoken, Norfolk,

MOTHEItI TAK OTICH that ON.K.P." kills all. nits and vermin, never falls ; large tine post free 5f from J. A. OAKES. WaymOtith

HBRBAL PILLS for Females.—Piles Care. Eczema Cure Sample boxes 14. Id each. Agents wanted.—GßEY. Woodbine villa, St John's lane. Bristol.

TNDIGH TlON.—Sufferera can have recipe of ngland's .1 leading physician for is. Id., cured thousands ; genuine, —W. ToPHANI, 25 Lidget Place, Bradford.

INDIGUSTION.—Sufferers can have recipe of Englano's leading physiefan for 13d.; eured thousands ; genuine.— W. TOPHAM, 25, Liget Place. Bradford.

rIONSUMPTION.—MidIand Open-Cr Sanatorium. Beautl 1...) fully ',trusted In a park of 25 acres, 760 feet above sea level, gravel soil, south aspect. Bitssllshei 1898. specially. constructed out-door chalets—For terms and illustraed pros- pectus. apply. THE SECRETARY, Bourne Castle, Belbrough- ton, Worcestershire.

i'ottlo, Optiras, Zoarittna o,stabs.

LONDON. —WHITE STAR HOTEL, 17 Woburn Place, Russell Square. Bed and Breakfast, 3s. 6d.

DUBLIN.—Belvedere Hotel, North George's etreet ; most. moderate In city ; short excursions arranged daily.

siTEST KIRBY, Chestdre.—Olaremont. Hoseote Park ; oldest Boarding Establishment. —Mrs. M. H. Cum's.

C NODS)/ BOARDING BOMB.- Moderate V terms Liberal table.—Apply PALMER, Y.M.C.A., Great Yarmouth.

AOLV11.141), Kippford.--TnE ANCHORAGE. on the Solway ; k.. 1 amidst glorious scenery ; golf, boating, sea bathing; special term, for parties.

Ad SPATRIA (Cumberland), Grosvenor TEMPI:MANCH BOTBL. IPARTMECISTS. Beautiful Scenery : Piano, moderate terms.—Write for particulars.

(16TBND. —Villa Clostabel. Board residence.-4 9, —RV--; kj ROYALE, close to sea ; well recommended. 74. daily, 421. Wf ehly. No extras. z•eparate tables.

DOUGL A S.—Tower View BOaRDING ESTABLISH- ,ISIEDIT, 32. Loeb Promenade ; splendidly situated ; mag- nificent view of bay and beadlands ; terms mod. —CORL KTT.

GT. YARMOUTH. TEMPRRANCI4 BOARDING ESTABLISHMRNT, 34 CiMPERDoWN, Mr 1n Parade, Few doors from sta front, Drswing-roorg, Bath. from Li le.

Rpartments, jfurniggbi 1/ottsts, Scr.

KNOTT lIND.—Mr. B. HOWARTH, Irwell House, Clarence at Public or Private; near aPa ; niano.

ST. ANNFS-ON-SEA.—Apartments, near atatlon.—attra. METCALFE, The Laurels. Stephen at.

fIOUNTRY APARIMBETS, near Lytham,with or wil attendanCe.—Miss HUNT. V:arton Bank.

ROYLAXII. IVI Braclng air. Comfortable APARTRSTS, near to promenade.-16 Luce: iCOAD.

BLACKPOOL.—Idre. WIGOITHI ; Public and Private ; near sea; station.-149. LYTHAM RD.. south Shore.

111)LACKPOOL.—BOARD-LODGING, attendance, 3a. ; 1.) bed, 10. night.—MoNTE, 2, Albert et ,S. Shore.

UOLRBSTONN.—Comfortable APABTIIIHNTS ; board .12 optional ; near lea ; moderate terma.-68, HIGH BT.

BLACKPOOL.—Public and Private APARTMHPTS PLIMMER, Hydal Rouge, 73, Head's rd

DOUGLAS.—Mrs. QU&YLE, 27 Peel rd. Bed and break- fast 2s. 6d. Full board 4e. 6th Beds (two persons) 2s.

QT, aNNEIS-ON-SEA.—With or without Board. Bath, Piano.—Mrs. STERDEN, Tlngewlok Villa, St. Alban's rd

QM/THE' 311 T.—Home from home Al'Aftrat NTS.— Mn CHEEITHAM, 9 Barrett st.. corner of fjordon it., Post Office. Lord at.

D LACKPOOL.—Mrs. GRIM-HAW, 2, Belmont Villas,Bouth Sbore ; APARTMBNI2I and Promenade. stamped envelope for reply.

RHYL —Public or private APARTURNTS .3 mlnut e s station and Nea.--Mrs. MOXON, Ashton House, 70 Wellington rd.,

RHYL.—Homely APARTMENTS. close to lea; terms moderate.—Mrs. GEO. BIRCEIALL, Bunnyside, it. A Cbcv at.,

GLANMOIIMA, 11HYL.—APARTAIHNTS. private or ; good cooking ; tennis sawn; 3 min, from aea.— llickeom and CLARE.

DouGLAS.—APARTMIINTd or without board.— Mrs Slaw. 17 Wooodboarne Square. Cable trams from pier pass cal of square.

MRS. DEAR DEN, 45, Ligtatburne avenue, St. &nnes-on Sea.—Comfortable APARTSIRNTS, one minute from ea and Cariton's Coons.

BLACKPOOL.—Homely APAR PNIENTS, 2s. per bed and attendance. or 41. to ss. per day inalusive ; sea view. —ll. DANIELS, 23, Orptal rd.

J)OUGLAS, I.o.ll.—Comfortabla APARTMBISTS, with or without board.—Apply for terms Mrs. CLI7CAB, 2. Peel rd., near Railway Station.

(10IIISTRY APARTMINTS ; laealtby,bracing ; large sitting V room, two bedrooms; good eoOking.—Mrs. Wimmrea, Snltterlield, Stratford-on Avon.

SOUTHPORT.—APARTMEnTS Centre of promenade terms moderate, Board it required, hot and cold baths.— HUGHES, Ellesmere 58 Promenade.

eIOUNTRY HOUSE In Lake District TO LET, rintrilsriuD, fur summer months ; beautifully situa- ted.—VV•Rmraft, Hawkshead, Arneleside.

ABEEtYSTWICI4I.—PrIvate APARTMIINTS. large airy rooms; near station and promonade.—Terms and application to rdrs. PRIM; 10 Smithfield rd:

A LDERLBY IiDGB.--TIIOItNILBY'S Noted THA, ROOMS It Chorley Hall lane, Large or small Flexile Parties catered for. Good cyclisto.' accommodation.

S°um YORT.— Well-f urn lobed APARTMENTS. highly recommended ; piano ; bath ; one minute to promenade and places of amusement,-74, LORD BT.

QOUTHPORT.—Mrs. BINGIUM, Linden Terrace, 31 IJ Houghton at., Comfortable APARTMENTS two minute frnm Chapel it., Station. Very central. Piano.

Rothesay rd, Per Hoteltion Vnalglinbi:te; PLACKPOOL.—APARTMBNTS : Tbe beet; strict atten- -Bp.Leamsaran.tl;,Amyojdoeßr.a2t6e oPPosite Manche.- .

QOUTHPORT.— Front Sittln groom and Double-beddet 1.3 Boom, 15s. week; Bedroom, large bed, two persons, 10e. week; easy dtstance prom .-Mrs. Jaßvis, 30,Railway terrace.

nOUBBS In Wales, Furnished and Untarnished IL Businesses, /to. LlandrlodoEl Wells, Builth Wells Mid Wales, and Liorderland,—Partleulssi, U. GRIFFITHS Standard ' Agency, Llandrindod Wells.

MOHICOAMIOI.—FURNISHED HOUSE. four bed, two sitting, bath; 303.-199, BELLE VUE RD., Leede.

I ILRVELBYS.—APARTDIRNTS near sea and tram; terms N.J moderate.—Mre. FLITCROFT, Primrome Plece.

D AMSEY.—Armadale, Mooragh rromenade. APART- -110 MOTS or board ; close golf Ilnks.—Mrs. MCCORMICK.

iThOMFORTABIAS APARTMENTS for two Gentlemen V Bath h and c., every conventence.--.4, PAUL ST, Wgton

RHYL.—Comfortable APAIVIMBNTS, best posqlon, close to pier and town, good cooking.—Mrs. WADLOW, 2 Church it.

A BIM iSTW YTH.—Corntortable APARTSIENTS ; sea and 11 mountain view ; mod. terms.—WlLLlams, Deerhurst, Cliff terrao ISIX OF MAN.— PRIVATE SITTING and BEDROOM, bath ; terms moderato.—Mr. Cox, Fernleigh, Alexander Drive, Douglas.

BLAOKPOOL, south Shore.—Superior APARTSFS3TS, terminus, promenade ; sea view every window.- 15, liaLmonaL RD.

WEST KIR HY —Well-Farolshed APA, RT MENTS ; over looking promenade and lake ; south aspect; moderate. —l4, VICToRIA. DRIVE.

L488ER1.9, Illorth Wales. APARTMIINTS, near Lakes, Li and onowdon ; board optional ; terms moderate.—Mr. WILLIAMS, Fair View.

JOHN WALKER AND Co..

PRINTERS, CLUB RULES FIXTURE LISTS CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SEIEE TS NOTICES OF MEE FINGS POSTERS

3EWSRY ST., WARRINGTON.

Mr. BAISOUR has PRECEDENT AND committed the fate PRACTICE. of his Government for the remnant of the Session to the partisans who gave him their pledge at the Foreign Office, and forgot it a few hours later. We shall see whether they are worthy of this second trust. The Prime Minister is warned by his most faithful organs in the Press that another defeat will be fatal. This is scarcely kind to the case he set out on Monday in regard to Constitutional practice. If that be accepted, there are no conceivable circumstances, as Mr. ASQUITH said, in which the Government need trouble themselves about ,hostile division. Mr. BALroon appar- ently arranged his precedents so as to guard him- self against any further lapses on the part of his adherents. If they should tail him again he has only to quote his favourite precedents once more. But this is evidently not the view of the Unionist journals. "The Globe,"for instance, is so far from being impressed by the Constitutional practice, as edited by the Prime Minister, that it dismisses with scorn.:"These snatches of history culled from he Parliamentary records of 70 years " as" some- what too much of the lamp." They belong to "a storehouse from which the most contradic- tory propositions can be disinterred." Mr. Balfour is likened to a lawyer, who can " find authority for every doctrine of equity." Let us have none of the "tyranny of precedent," says "The Globe." Let us look at the pt esent state of public affairs. We are quite willing to look at it, but "The Globe" discovers that reople who do not see the state of public affairs from its stand- point prefer "the squabbles of a faction to the interests of an Empire." When the constituencies proclaim with overwhelming unanimity at the bye-elections that they are sick of this Govern- ment, their opinion is dismissed as a faction squabble It is only a totally unrepresentative Ministry that is deemed capable of safeguarding the Imperial welfare?

If this view be accurate, it is obvious that Mr. BALFOUR would remain in office even after defeat at the General Election. Wnat is the use of telling the Ministerial members that they have the life of the Government in their hands for the next fortnight or three weeks, it the interests of the Empire are Mr. BALFOUR'S personal property? and cannot be taken from him by a "squabbling faction," however:victorious in the division lobby? The logical consistency of this is not quite clear, but the Unionist papers almost with one accord declare that the country must be saved in spite of itself. Everything would go wrong in our relations with Japan and France and Europe generally if Lord LANSDOWNE should be driven from the Foreign Office. But the country, if it had the chance, would not hesitate to commit those relations to the leader of the present Opposition. The country is entitled to make these changes, but Mr. BALFOUR persists in deny- ing it the opportunity. There is not the smallest reason to suppose that Japan would adopt e different attitude towards a new Foreign Secre- tary. She knows our constitutional history too well. She would expect the new Foreign Secre- tary to take up the negotiations where he found them, and she would not he disappointed. France would not be disappointed. An the solemn warning from Mr. BAIXOUR'S friends 'about the interests of the Empire is a hollow pretence. He said on Monday that it was only on his own supporters that he urged his claim to be considered the trustworthy guardian of those interests ; but his own supporters are urging it on the nation at large. They are drawing pictures of the awful things that must happen if the Foreign Office should pass under the control of Sir EDWARD GREY. Perhaps some reformer of the Constitution will tell us next that the country should content itself with leaving Mr. BALFOUR and his principal colleagues at their posts, and appointing a few Liberals to minor offices in the Administration. This would not be more absurd than the line of argument which is adopted by the Unionists to meet the present case.

So far as the action between the traders and the Ship Canal Company is concerned, the °or- pora.tion appear to have no locus stamii, and by the judgment of the House of Lords on the appeal they are struck out of the action. The traders have achieved a signal victory, for not only are Mr. Justice Byrne's findings re-established, but the Canal Company has to pay all the costs of the traders in this appeal and in that of the Cour!, below. But the position of the Corporation is much different, and the fact that they have bee," 11 non-suited is leading ratepayers to ask what their magnanimous support of the traders' case has cost the town. It appears to us that the Corporatioa

I

I

I

has, gone further than was required in the public Interest, ar.d some explanation, with a statement of the cost involved, would be welcomed at the Council meeting on Tuesday.

We are glad to note that the General Purposes Committee of the Corporation which comprises the whole Council, is not going to accept Admiral Nares' dictum that the proposed widening of Warrington Bridge will render the navigation of the river more difficult than at present. Last Weak we were informed that the Admiral had used the adjective "dangerous" in alluding to the effect of the alterations on navigation, but judg • jog from the minutes, his expression of opinion is not so strong as that. He may yet be amenable to reason and it is satisfactory to find that the Committee has resolved " That it be an instruction from this committee to the Bridges Sub-Committee to do their best to prevent the widening of the Warrington Bridge being put off,and that they ap- point a deputation to wait upon and obtain expert evidence to lay before Sir George Nares in favour of such widening." There is hope yet for the scheme which will combine efficiency with economy.

'Whether there is a general election in October or not—and the odds against are not excessive— the Liberals in Warrington will be found " ready, aye ready!" For some time they have been nursing and educating the constituency, system- ati zany and persistently, and as a party have Probably made a b4gger forward movement locally than at any time during the last 20 years. The Popularity of the Progressive cause to-day is remarkable, and only equalled by the national nausea at the unconstitutional and extravagant behaviour of Mr. Balfour and his Govern- Ment. Liberal meetings in Warrington are of Llmost weekly occurrence, and the addresses which have been delivered from time to time by Liberal Labour candidates have done much to cement the Progressive forces and bring recruits to the ranks. This week we have had a visit from Mr. F. Neilson, the candidate for Newport (Salop) Division in opposition to Colonel X.enyon Slaney, and he has well maintained the high standard of political oratory which preceding speakers like Messrs. H. Vivian and F. Maddison have established. The audiences have been most enthusiastic in their approval of Free Trade,Home Rule, Educational'and land,law reform, and other topics which are to-day in the forefront of advanced politics. There is now something like an educated public opinion in Warrington on national affairs, and we have the fullest confidence that that opinion will weigh heavily on the side of Mr. Crosfield when the time comes for him to raise the standard 'of "peace, retrenchment and reform."

Colonel C. E. de Is Poer Beresford tells the story of the rise and fall of the Russian Navy in the ' Fortnightly Review." The history is a peculiarly ,sad one. Russian maritime power has never been great in the sense that one speaks of British or French naval predominance, but the successive rulers of the great Empire have had many capable sailors who have striven to bring the navy up to the standard which they saw was requisite if it Were to be fit to contend for the mastery of the seas. That the navy is now practically annihilated is not their fault. It is due rather to the constitutional indisposition of the Russian for the sea. Nothing has been done to'rnake him like it. The sailors, recruited from the fields of , the interior, have not even been trained in , the profession for which they have been chosen. They have been land fighters trans- ferred to the sea against their inclinations. ' Colonel Beresford attributes the failure of : the Russian Navy very largely to this. The ineptitude with which the personnel was ; treated extended to the niaterigßussia's attempts - at shipbuilding in recent years have contributed , to her disasters. It is curious to recall the points .". of parallel between Russia and her conqueror in , the matter of the navy. Peter the Great, to whom the Russian Navy owes its foundation, learnt all be could about ships in Holland and England, and , applied his knowledge with advantage, as the F Japanese have gleaned knowledge from the West. ißut those who followed him did not keep up the ‘ nut they forgot that it is not enough to have ” nips—you must also have men. Japan did not + forget that point, and so she won.

pNOTES AND NOTIONS.

Motormen and conductors on the trams are to be , paid time and a quarter in future for Sunday ' labour. After much agitation and delay the men have ' thus obtained what appears to be only elementary ; justice. * * * Councillor Maginn possesses a good deal of natural wit, but on Wednesday evening he raised a laugh un- consciously by an excellent "bull." Speaking of the " distressful country" he said " Ireland is peopled by the ruins of homesteads and farms !" * * * A Runcorn Rural Councillor remarked on Tuesday , that before the well at Norley was cleaned (?) out, the ' Water was beautifully clear "like gin." Now it was not fit for pigs to drink. A sample produced at the , Meeting resembled beer more than gin, but was prob- ably neither, or there would be no complaints from * * * A As an incentive to regular attendance, good con- „..ucct, and general proficiency,Toller's Charity Trustees 411Mgborough (Lincs)., offer prizes in boots and cloaking to the children attending the council school. The result is said to be very satisfactory.lt ought to be. some children expect is a licking when they are absent ! * * * , The Victoria Park Bowling Green seems to be k Popular with the workiugmen, and during the recent 'une weather it could be seen any afternoon or ' 'Terttli• g well-filled with local trundlers. The receipts from the 27th June to the 19th July are as follows, )742 tickets at 2d. £l4 10s. 4d. ; 791 tickets at id. ~13 ss. 11d. * * * The mythical ‘• ashes " remain ! Australia's cjicketing giants have fallen from their h;gh estate and • l'een compelled to bow the knee to the Mother Coun- try. England's superiority has been strikingly Manifested and the conclusion is unavoidable that -Australia. has struck a lean time. Cricket form seems t to run in cycles, and just now it is the old country's 'tarn to reign supreme. * * Wednesday evening's downpour forced the Liberals to hold their meeting in Sharp screet mission, and the scovery was very soon made that there was no gas. 41r. George Walker opened the proceedings by l'emarking "We all recognise that the political • atmosphere is very much darkened" whereat the audience seemed very much amused, because they could hardly recognise one another. Candles and 4413htlia lamps were soon requisitioned, and a rattling good meeting followed.

* * * t, The Gymnasium Committee has evidently come to ~ 'te wise conclusion that" half a loaf is better than bread" and has informed the Education Committee -tlkat it is prepared to consider a scheme for the gYtnnastic instruction of the school children. A sub- jot:l.rnmittee is appointed with full power to make all .4±4l:lgements. By the way we notice that the instruc- :yn, is this time described as " gymnastic instead physical." Is this merely an accidental con- , 1,4210 n of terms? There is considerable difference 0 •-•tiveen the two kinds of instruction.

The I. Heathens " and the Corporation do not ?xactly see eye to eye and on the question of education Ilave in turn threatened to exclude school children ; e°n:ll from the other's district from attendance at s ools under thBir controL The villagers are aPParently to be the first to move, as, provided the 'abjection to the County Council's proposal to build nevi schools in the village is successful, they have Practically decided to decline to allow Warrington Children to attend the Stockton Heath Schools. If the ‘,orporation take it into their heads to retaliate the heathens " might find it a case of the biter bit. * * There have been two curious commentaries on the be Ttting evil this week, which illustrate what a differ- ence there is in the point of view. At the City Temple on Thursday the Rev. R. J. Campbell said "he would aPPeal to the highest in the land. The King was one of the best Sovereigns of the world. He had taken tTrae of them by surprise, and had earned the title of Ldward the Peacemaker. He well deserved it.

Would to God that by their prayers King Edward might be influenced to see the necessity of distinguish- ing between gambling and sport, and use his mighty influence to purify sport and distinguish what was good from what was evil. He spoke with all respect. Only the power of the King of Kings could rid them of the sin of hazard."

* * * Police activity in the suppression of Manchester street betting has raised a protest not against the evil but on its,behalf. The Manchester Centre of the National Sporting League has sent a. letter to the Watch Committee, pointing out that the business of the bookmaker is "a respectable and legitimate one." While deprecating the betting by women and children, the League contends that the working-class's of the country ought to have equal facilities with the leisured classes to bet if they desire to. But the most remarkable feature of the letter is the suggestion that the Corporation of Man- chester should grant facilities for betting by charging all bookmakers a registration fee and assigning to them "places such as waste ground, where they could assemble for two hours at noon and two hours in the evening, where working people may bet with free- dom." The idea may have something to recommend it, but we can hardly conceive a sane municipality, creating public betting grounds for the furtherance of the vice—for vice it is notwithstanding the legal sophistries of the National Sporting League. There has been a " chiel " among us taking notes. Mr. Bart Kennedy, a well-know globe-trotter, has tramped through Warrington and sailed through Widnes on the Ship Canal. Of both places he has something interesting to say, and the comparison is most flattering to Warrington which he des- cribes as " a picturesque, clear-aired, pleasant town." This is quite the best thing we have heard from outside of the ancient borough. It must surely be less black that it is occasionally painted by anti- smoke crusaders. But Widnes! Poor Widnes! Mr. Kennedy lets himself go here with a vengeance. "This poisonous hell-town," dark, dreadful, picture," Sm. Widnesians are writhing in their wrath, which is not lessened at all by Warrington's self-complacent and audible smile. A correspondent, defending the town of many smells makes significent allusions to a nice little cemetery. But probably Mr. Kennedy will not return via Widnes!

* * * The Warrington Football Club's fixture list has been made up, and readers will find a copy in another column. Several prominent clubs are missing from the list, notably Bradford and Hull Kingston Rovers, but there is a possibility of dates being booked with them later. It will be noted with surprise that a new Lancashire Cup Competition has been inaugurated,the first round to be played on October 14th, and the whole thing to be completed in December. Warrington are drawn to meet Rochdale Hornets away in the opening round. All the other fixtures are League fixtures and points will be reckoned for wins and draws, with a percentage after the style of the cricket championship. Then at the end of the season there will be the Cup Competition proper for the whole of the Union. The innovations which are to be tried during the ensuing season are certainly not popular, but we think that the supporters of the Warrington Club will see, as heretofore, keen and interesting football.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
cipartmtnts, sfurnfobeb j Gust etc.

BILILMILNUION.—vveit-turuillacwl LLUVaLS on rromenaclo to let, close to sea.-87 PROMeNADic.

B-DLAOK POOL —Pe.PAKTMENTS, Plano.—Mr. H, HUB EMMET, 50 Marine et., near Talbot rd. btatlon.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. QUAHE, 179, Church it., near to all amubements ; piano. la each peraon day and night.

12-INDAL.—Stirs. mEITALr, 7, Higbgate, Kendal. HOMH _Lltrom MOM% beautiful scenery; piano ; terms reasonable

I ADY has large well FURNISHED HOUSE, 'would be 14 glad to have paving gueat.-31,ilvoNoALE gp.,Soutbpo rt.

A BlitiY9lWYTH.—Supertor AP kK M &NTS 19, Queen's /t rd.; two minutes from sea. Terms moderate.—Apply to Mns EVANS. DLAOKPOOL.— Homely APAKTNIIINTS opposite central 1) pier; boarders 4s. 6d per day. Plano.—Mrs. ORICtROD, 37, York St.

DLACKPOOL —APARTNIHNTS.—Mrs. H. KAY, 46, St. 13 Holler's rd., South Shore. AR ears stop at Bloomfield Road elme to.

CIOMPORTABLE APARTMENTS : smlos. Talbot-road I,_) station, N.S., terms ,moderate.—Hist.op, 41, Exchange it., Blackpool.

VLHETWOOD.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, near the .1 prom. ; good cooing; bath, etc.—WINaTANLET, 82 London it., Fleetwood.

RLACK t'OOL.—Hornely APAHTMKEITS ; public or private ; eextral to all places : board optional.—Mrs. HIGBON. 23, Maraley rd.

I) HYL.—Sunny, braying, Homely APARTMENTS, facing J. sea. Good cooking: Pubila and private rooms.—Mrs. WILiON, 7, Wrst Parade.

BD LAORPOOL.—Daitv Bank, 9, Tvldeeley Terrace Promenade.—Publio and Private APABIMBSTS,terma moderate; Mn. INGHAM.

DLACKPOOL.—Stmertor APARTM HATS, clo.e sea, I/ stations, amusements Beds 21. tor 2 persons ; Board 4s, 6d.—PALMEE, 93 Albert rd.

HYL.—Comfortable apartments ; Catholics ; sea view ; L close to chltrch ; terms moderate. Mr., FAZAKERLEY, Glencoe, Edward Henry Street.

LIOUTHPORT —Superior APART/WE 4TS, public and 0 private, with or without board ; near station and pro- menade.— Mrs. DAWBO.I, 26, Derby rd.

MISSHS TEAL! (from Ossett), South Leigh, Horsforth Avenue, Bridlington Quay. Five minutes from Station, Two minutes from Sea. Piano.

OUTHPORT.—Ootufortable APARTMICNTS. bath, piano, KJ Terms moderate.—Mre GREENHALGB, Thornhill House. 12 Victoria it., Promenade, Southport.

SOUTHPORT.—Clean, homely APAILIMENTS or Board; moderate terms ; close to pIer.—ASHWORTAS. bouth- lands, 18, Victoria at , Promenade.

DOUGLAS.—Heautifully situated superior APARTMIIFITS, with or without board.—Apply Mrs. ChtELLIN. Wood View. Mona Drive, Central Promenade.

VyBSTON'SUPIitt-MARS.—PAng Vihw, 1. Churchill terrace. —Comfortable Varnished Apartmeate, close to Bea and Grove Park ; good cooking. bath. h.c.

A PAHTMENTS.—SitttIig-room and Double Bedroom; 13. terms moderate ; easy distance Lake Windermere.— Mrs. BARTON, Post Office, South. Ulverston.

BLACKPOUL.-Pleasant APART/MlNTS:public and private or board ; excellent a.a view ; moderate terme.—dra. JAMES, 12, S. ()hada rd., eromenaae, South Shore.

DLAUKPOOL.—Comfortahle lit'aitTalliNTd. Bed, cook• ing and attendance Is. each person. Boarders 4. Piano.—Mrs. ADAMS. 38. High et.. North Shot,.

itif OROOASIEK W.H.—ROTHWELL'EI ELTON EOUdEC. 6, .1.V.1. Heysham rd.,public,private APARTMONTS:mountain, pea view Apinno. beta] ; beds from 25. two persons.

if LANDUUNO.-10 LET. facing sea, FURNISHED HousE, 4 entertaining, 8 bedrooms ; modern con- veniences.--ENILT WAREING, 17, Craig-y-don, Parade.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Notice.

_______ The" Warrington Examiner" is now published on Friday afternoon, price one penny, and is on sale at the various newsagents at about 4 o'clock. Should any difficulty be experienced in getting the paper the proprietors will undertake to deliver a copy at any address in Warrington by 5 o'clock on Friday after- noon without extra charge. Address all communica- tions to "Examiner Office," Bewsey-street,Warrington. Index to Inside Pages. PAGE.

2. "The Black Motor-Car." Women's Chat and Fashions. P6nketh Parish Council. Runcorn Board of Guardians. • 3. Cricket and Bowling. Volunteer Church Parade. The Free Churches. Thefts from Warrington Works.-' 6. Overcrowding of the Workhouse. Warrington and the Ship Canal. Notes 011 Game and Athletes.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
I

Local Churches. Children's Corner. 7. "Cycling in the Alps," by C. F. Simond. Runcorn Rural Council. Cycling Gossip. The Town Council. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Town Council will be held on Tuesday evening next at 6 o'clock at he Town Hall. Ask. for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASb MDIERAL WATERS.—Advt. More Bowling Greens Wanted. Councillor Pemberton has given notice to move at the Council meeting on Tuesday : That another Bowl- ing Green be laid down in. Victoria Park. That two Bowling Greens be laid down in other parts of the town, places to be fixed by the Council. Electric Cable Extensions. The Electricity Committee recommends that the electric cables be extended from St. Mary's-street along Knntsford-road to the Bolton school at an estimated cost of £750. Resolved that the Town Council apply to the Local Government Board for their sanction to the borrowing of the sum of £3,000 for electric cable extensions.

Property Purchases by the Corporation. The Town Clerk reported to the Street Improvement Committee that he had agreed for the purchase of the premises in Sankey-street and Legh-street belonging to the executors of the late Rev. E.D. Ga.rven, at the price of £5,000, according to the instructions of the committee. He also reported that he had purchased a piece of land in Manchester-road, containing 625 square yards, from the trustees of the Clergy Daughters' School for the sum of £405.

Our Children's Corner. Prizes have been awarded to Miss J. Bond, Wilders- pool-road, and H. M. Heywood, Priestley-street, Warrington, both of whom are members of "The Children's League." You/4 readers should never miss "The Children's Corner," conducted by Uncle Ned.

"PRENIIER" CYCLES at 7 guineas startling value.— .7. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warrington.-- Advt. Children's Camp. The Hon. Secretary has pleasure in acknowledging a letter from Mr. R. H. Armstrong, secretary of the Works Committee of the Richmond Gas Stove and Meter Company, •Ltd., enclosing .£1 is. 9d. being surplus money from their Warrington Works Trip to Blackpool on July Ist. He trusts that other com- mittees may be prompted to follow their example, and will be pleased to acknowledge any such contributions. New Gas Sub-Manager. _ _ . . . .

The following candidat-s for the position of Sub- Manager were interviewed by the Gas Committee on July 21st. H. R. S. Williams, Barrow•in-Furness ; W. T. Dusbury, Darwen ; W. M. Valon, Sheffield : E. G. Hutchinson, Barnsley; William Townsend, Wakefield. Resolved that Mr. William Townsend be appointed Sub-Manager at the salary of £l5O per annum, the engagement to terminate by one month's notice on either side. Corporation Servant Injured. _ . .

Zr. J. Hind, Eaton's Yara,John street,was admitted to the Infirmary on Sunday suffering from injuries to the face. It appears that Hind, who is a carter em- ployed by the Corporation, was attending to his horse in the stable at Howley when the animal kicked him in the face causing severe lacerated wounds and injuring his teeth.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Munn THE CLOCK for Good BOOTS.—Advt. Warrington Workhouse Master Honoured.

At the annual meeting of the National Association of Workhouse masters and matrons, Mr. J. F. Awberv, master of the WarringtoaWorkhouse was unanimously elected president for the ensuing year. At the meet- ing of the Board of Guardians on Wednesday Mr. Forshaw remarked that this was the first time that honour had been conferred upon a Lancashire master. They in Warrington had learnt the value of Mr. Awbery's work and were pleased that he had been so honouredby the National Association. Mr. Billinge also congratulated Mr. Awbery and wished him a happy and successful year of office.

PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER TALE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Warrington Union and the Unemployed. At a meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians on Wednesday it was decided to engage men to paint the Workhouse. It was pointed out that this would be more economical than having the work done by contract and would also find work for the unemployed. It was also decided to engage men to paint the Padgate Schools.—A.t the same meeting of the Board, Mr. Thompson, Mrs. Clay, Mr. Awbery and Mr. Billinge were appointed a deputation to attend the annual conference of Poor Law Unions to be held at Lancaster in September. It was also resolved that Mr. Yorke's bill of £3 15s. for cleaning and repairing the recently purchased second-hand set of musical instru- ments for Padgate schools be passed for payment.

CRISP AND CREAMY.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

The Examiner, Saturday, July 29, 1905.

!Warrington Cycling Club. Twelve members turned out foi the run to Davenhana on Saturday arrived at their destination, they put up lat the Bull's Head, bowling being indulged in after tea. On Tuesday a visit was made to the Raven Inn, Glazebury where 15 members who made the run also spent an enjoyable time on the bowling green. Music in the Park. The Borough Brass Band will play the following programme in the Park to-morrow (Sunday): —Hymn, , Stourbridge "; march, "Punchinello," W. Rimier; overture, "Poet and Peasant," Suppe ; selection, "Rossini," Round; trombone solo, "Ora Pro Nobis," Piccolomini ; soloist, Mr. James Mannion ; selection, " Stradella," Flotow ; "God save the King"; con- ductor, Mr. T. Griffin,

Cockhedge Works Picnic. The managers and overlookers of Messrs. Armitage and Rigby, Limited, Cockhedge Mills, held their annual picnic on Saturday last, when Belle Vue was the favoured place. The party travelled by the 12.55 train from Central Station and then by tram to the gardens. After making a tmr of inspection of the varied attractions of the gardens the party assembled in the dining rooms where an excellent spread was provided by Messrs. Jennison, to which the party did full justice. After tea thanks were voted to the firm for providing these annual picnics. The party then again adjourned to the gardens, where a very pleasant time was spent. Band of Hope TrIP. The members and friends of the Hill Cliffe and Stockton Heath Band of Hop, to the number of about 120, had their annual excursion on Thursday to Rhyl. The party left Warrington at 8.30, and arrived at Rhyl at 9.45, the weather being charmingly bright. Sea- side enjoyments of various kinds were indulged in by the younger members of the party, while others made excursions to Rhnddlan Castle, l3odelwydden Church and St. Asaph. A substantial :tea was provided at 3,30, at the Grosvenor Hotel, the catering of Mr. James giving every satisfaction. A start home was made at 8.30, and the ptrty was safe at Stockton Heath by 10 o'clock, after having spent a most enjoy- able day. Admirable arrangements for the outing had been made by a Committee, with Mr. G. Whitfield as hon. secretary. Councillor Pemberton and the Water Committee.

Councillor Pemberton will move at the Council meeting on Tuesday: That myself and four mea.bers of the Council shall have access to all contracts, books, papers and letters in reference to Lawson's contract, and this Committee shall have power to inquire into the very large amount spent on this contract over and above the contract price of £24,000, And report its findings to the Town Council.—On the Water Com- mittee's minutes is the following: An application from the Investigation Committee for production of the following documents was read :—(1), Specification of Mr. James Lawson's contract ; (2), Orders for 1901 ; (3), Letters written by Water Engineer to Mr. Lawson in 1904 ; (4), Lawson's Bill for 1904, charging for work done. Resolved: That all the documents with the exception of the specification of , Mr. James Lawson's contract be produced to the Investigation Committee at their next meeting. '

===== 0002601_19050729_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL

WATERS. —Advt. Supposed Hoax at Warrington. A bottle was on Tuesday recovered from the Mersey at Arpley. On being opened it contained the following message :—" Howley, July 24,1905.-1 William Twist has drowned myself,because my mother turned me out of home. I drowned myself at the Twelve Arches." Sergeant Barlow has made inquiries in the Howley district, but up to the present no one of that name has been discovered.

• "PREMIER" CYCLES at 12 guineas with change speed gear ttc., unectualled.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st.,Warrington.—Advt. Death of Mrs. T. Woods. The funeral of the late Mrs. Woods, wife of Mr. T. Woods, Boot maker, Church street, took place at Hill Cliffe on Sunday last. Deceased who was in her 74th year had been confined to the house for the past 17 years and passed away on the 20th inst. The chief mourners were Messrs. T. Woods (husband), T. Woods and J. Woods, (sons), H. Allender, T. Hewitt, A. Andrews, E. Oxley, (sons-in-law), W. Woods, James Woods and J. Taylor (brothers-in-law) F. J. Whittle and many others. A large number of floral tributes were sent by relatives and friends.

LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK.BRIDOE-STREET.—Advt. The Priory School. The following successes have been gained recently by pupils of the Misses Williams, the Priory School, , Warrington.—The Royal Drawing Society: Division 1., honours, Lucy Skinner,Mary Dorothy Hall, Gertrude Constance Hall; pass,Nellie Beatrice Taylor' Elizabeth Armstrong-Carter, Ida Mary Haddock, Lucy Isher- wood, Leonara Sankey, Agatha Lilian Trifusus Jones, Ada Isherwood, Ethel Cratnpton, Mabel Crampton, Dora Roberts. Division H., honours, Ada Isherwood, Gertrude Constance Hall, Mary Dorothy Hall, Elizabeth Armstrong-Carter, Lucy Skinner, Ida Mary Haddock. pass, Mabel Crampton, Doris Williams, Ethel Crampton, Lucy Isherwood, Agatha Lilian Trifusus Jones, Nellie Beatrice Taylor; Division 111., honours, Lucy Skinner, Mary Dorothy Hall, Ada Isherwood, Gertrude Constance Hall; pass, Miss Beatrice Taylor. Trinity College, London: Pianoforte playing. Junior Division, honour; Bessie Evelyn Whitlow. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC takes away that tired feeling.—(Advt.) Improved Service to London, &c.

As will be seen by an advt on our front page the Midland Company announce new and improved ser- vices to and from Warrington in their July Time Tables. A train leaves Warrington at 9.55 a.m., pro- viding a new through service to Ilichniond,Folkestone IDover, Deal, flastings,Margate,Ramsgate, Portsmouth, Southampton, and other resorts on the South Coast, thereby avoiding the inconvenience and expense to Ipassengers in crossing London. Through carriages are run on the 10.30 a.m. train from Manchester (Central) to several stations on the South Coast. A similar return service is given by a train due to arrive Manchester (Central) at 6.10 p.m. A new ser- vice is also given to Sheffield, West of England, Mid- land Counties, and London by train leaving Warring- ton at 1.13 p.m. The service to the Eastern Countries for the summer has been greatly improved. PUBLIC BENEFIT. UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—AdVt. Poor Children's Summer Camp. The first contingent of girls for the camp at Prestatyn left Warrington on Saturday morning. By permission of Colonel Edelsten the children, to the munber of 110, assembled at the Drill Hall at 9.30, where they were met by Mr. Jenkins, the hon. secretary, and Mrs. Wilkinson and her staff of seven lady assistants. They were marshalled in processional order and headed by the Blue Coat School Band, started for Bank Quay station, which they left by the 10.23 train, all happy in the prospect of a good holiday. Prestatyn was reached in gond time, the train being met at the other end by Mr. A. H. Lea, to whom the chief credit is due for initiating this annual trip to the seaside. A great deal of rain fell on Saturday, but beautiful weather has prevailed for the greater part of the week Next Saturday another contingent of girls will take the places of those who will return home after a week in camp, and then the poor boys for the ensuing fort- night will have their turn. The Hon. Secretary acknowledges with thanks the receipt of potatoes, and hampers of beans from Mr. C. W. Phillips, of Daresbury, Mr. Birch, of Higher Walton, and Mrs. Forster, of Laira street.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC takes away that tired feeling.—(Advt.) Warrington Publicans Death. The death took place on Saturday, at his residence of Mr. Joseph Read, who for nearly six years had been the landlord of the Howley Hotel. Mr. Read, who was 40 years of age, had been ill for same time suffer- ing from paralysis which ultimately proved fatal, The funeral took place on Tuesday afternoon at the ceme- tery, the officiating clergymen being the Revs. Canon Willis and J. Davies. The chief mourners were : Masters Joseph and James Read (sons), Messrs. J. W. Read (brother), Whittaker (Chester), R. Holmes, W. Holmes, James Holmes, A. Holmes and John Holmes (brother-in-law and cousins), Mr. Massey and Mr. Massey (cousins), and Messrs. W. Osborne, Corcoran (Liverpool), J. Hill, J. Howard, S. N, Green, H. Green, and S, Davies, The Licensed Victuallers' Association were represented by Messrs. Peers Brimelow, John McClinton, W. Brown, A. E. Denham, F. J. Whittle, John Looker, W. Osborne, R. Baker, J. Hill, Hi Perdue W. Walker, H, Williams, and T. Walsh. Foral tributes were sent by the following :—Wife and family, " His Mother," Mr. and Mrs. J. Hill, Mr. and Mrs. Lake Mr. Whittle and Miss Houghton, Mr. and Miss Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. Howard, Mr. and Mrs. Cross and family, his cousins, William and Margaret (Chester), his sister and brother-in-law (Bolton), Mr. Cunningham, Mr. and Mrs. Perdue, Miss Nellie Mather, Mrs. Thomas Hatton, Mrs. Peter Jolley and family, his sister and brother-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Chantler, Mr. and Mrs. 1 Corcoran (Liverpool), Mr. and Mrs. Grainger, Mr. and Mrs. Osborne, Mr. and Mrs. Cann, Andrew and I. Beatrice, Howley Hotel picriic party, "His Customers," and "His Neighbours.'

===== 0002601_19050729_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S CREAM CRACKERS

Royal London Friendly Society Staff Associa-

tlon.

The above annual meeting of assistants was held on Wednesday night at the Cocoa 'ROMDS, Sankey-street, at eight o'clock, when a fairly good attendance of agents was present. The chair was occupied by the general President, Mr. Joseph Hill, when the business relating both to collectors, and the assured benefits, was discussed previous to the annual Staff Association meeting to be held in Manchester. The Warrington District being represented by Messrs. Ashcroft, Superintendents Gorton and Dolan. After the meeting was over, Mr. Ashcroft, superintendent, was asked to perform a very pleasing duty. in presenting a very handsome silver cruet stand, to Mr. T. Gorton, Secre- tary of the Staff Association,in honour of his marriage. and for the admirable way in which he had performed the duties of Secretaryship, for ths Association. Pleas- ing remarks were made by Messrs. Ashcroft, Hill, Jenning and Dolan, in fact all the meeting was unani- mous in wishing Mr, and Mrs. Gorton, long life, health and prosperity. "PREMIER" CYCLES at 9 guineas for Best Grade, unsurpassed.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Clergy Daughters' School. The anniversary of the Clergy Daughters' School, formerly a Warrington institution, but now of Darks: Dale,"was, owing to an outbreak of scarlet fever at the school, held at Warrington on Wednesday, the Bishop of Chester presiding. The Rector (the Rev. Canon Willis) presented the annual report, which showed that the number of girls in the institution had increased from 79 to 81. The Headmistress spoke in vigorous terms of the healthy condition of- the girls. Unfortunately there had been an, outbreak of scarlet fever during the past 12 months, 18 cases having occurred. These were of a mild character and so far as could be ascertained infection was carried from outside. All the patients were now convalescent. With regard to financial matters £12,000 was still re- quired for the purchase and alteration of the Darley Dale premises, against which had to be set the value of the Warrington premises and land. Another £l,OOO would prolably be required for the erection of a sanatorium.—Canon Penrhyn reported that the retiring members of the committee, who were all eligible for re-election, were Canon Turner, Lord Egerton of Talton, Mr. T. H. Lyon, Rev W. Stanton, Rev. J. A. Ruston, Mr. P. D. Christie, Rev. Canon Spooner, Rev. Canon Matthew, Captain Willington and Colonel Buckton. The retiring members of the committee were reelected and the Rev 4. Cr. 13. Thurston and W. J. Bradford were elected to fill vacancies caused by death of the Rev. R. Greenall and the resignation of Canon Stowell. The Rev. G.B. Thurston was appointed secretary in the place of Canon Penrhyn who resigned the office.

Alleged Unlawful Wounding. , At the Warrington Police Clad on Thursday,Arthur Pratt, labourer, 7, Pitt street,was charged with unlaw- fully wounding Dorothy- Carolino. Blasdale. Superin- tendent Monaghan stated that, the prisoner formerly lodged with the prosecutrix at 7; Pitt street. About a fartnight ago prisoner again came Jo the house for lodgings, and Mrs. Blasdale told lim she could not accommodate him unless he was 'willing to sleep on the sofa. Yesterday afternoon the other lodgers were out, and Mrs. Blasdale was writing a letter in the front room. Prisoner went behind her,and it was alleged drew something sharp (presumably a razor) across her throat. She struggled, and managed to get int ) the kitchen, but prisoner followed her, and again attacked 1 her and cut her about the face. Eventually she escaped through the back kitchen window, and was attended at the Infirmary. She lost a quantity of blood, and had to have eleven stitches in her face and throat. Shortly before five o'clock on Wednesday night prisoner came to the police station and said he had cut a woman's throat. lie was detained, and Police-constables Leonard and Hamblett made inquiries. He (Snperintendent Monaghan) asked for a remand [or a week to see how Mrs. Blasdale went on. She *as in a bad state that morning.—Prisoner was accordingly remanded until Thursday next. •

===== 0002601_19050729_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
VOLUNTEER ANNUAL CAMP.

To-day's Departure.

To-day (Saturday) the members of the Ist Volunteer Battalion Prince of Wales' Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment) leave Warrington fo• their annual camp training. Their destination is Windmill Hill, Salisbury Plain, where they will remain under canvas for a fort- night. The first to leave will be the Alounted Infantry, Cyclist Companies, officers, 6:c., as detailed up to 100 non-commissioned officers and men, who under the command of Captain Crosfield, will parade at 9.15 in the morning and proceed by an early train which will convey lthe officers' charges. The remainder of the Battalion will fall in at the Drill Hall at 9.15 p.m. in marching but without helmets, and purist) i to Bank Qaay Station where they will entrain at 7.30. The annual inspection will take place this year while the Battalion is encamped but the date is not yet fixed. Owing to the distance to be travelled only those men who can attend for the full per:od can be present at inspection, and the Commanding Officer is confident therefore, that for the credit of the Battalion, every man will do his utmost to attend camp this year in order that the required number may be present on inspection parade Company Commanders in camp will be, ILI., Captain P. N. Avery; A, Captain A. B. Layton; B. Captain, C. F. Carey ;O, Major P. I‘l. Appleton; D, Lieutenant R. EL Lapage ; E, Lieutenant E. A. Connor ; F, Captain H. G. Roberts ; G, Lieutenant J. T. Picton ; H, Captain R. Smith; I, Captain G. R. Crosfield and Cyclists, Lieu- tenant H. Owen.

A 4uantity of Tobacco has been given to the old men inmates of the Downham Workhouse, and by the express desire of the donor two old women who have a partiality for the fragrant weed are to be included in the distribu- tion.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION UNDER CROMWELL.

Lively Correspondence Between Revs. H. Dunnico and E. C. E. Carleton.

SOME ANCIENT HISTORY-CHALLENGE TO A PUBLIC DEBATE.

[To THE EDITOR OF THE EXAMINER.] Sir,-1 have pleasure in inclosing copy of a corres- pondence that has taken place between the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton and myself. The rev, gentleman has I intimated his intention to publish same but as I do not wish to undertake any additional work (I am on holiday) I desire now to make the only statement I shall make, prior to my return. The statement Mr. Carleton for some unknown reason objects to was made in a sermon on Sunday June 4th and leads thus. " There was a period of English History known as the commonwealth period. Among many distinctions lof that period it made popular education among its chief concerns and made a large grant each year in support of it."l was at that time endeavouring to prove that the claim of the Church of England to having aroused the conscience of the state in matters of educa- tion was not in accordance with fact. That 1181 years previously a nonconformist and a 'puritan had done this in the person of Oliver Cromwell. Now this is a fact of history which no amount of quibbling can explain away. This was apparently a startling piece of news for Mr. Carleton, he had never heard of such a thing (this fact in itself proves my critic to be an authority on English History) and was about to deny it, but, discovering his mistake he sought to minimise its importance by slandering a man who did more for this country in a few brief years than the Archbishops and Bishops of all times. This appears to be a favourite method of controversy with my opponent. He has meted out the same treatment to myself and others only a few weeks ago he stated that I had "honoured" my flock by teaching them that which if put into practice would secure their conviction in a criminal court. Although I have drawn his attention to that statement he has not been courteous enough to either' explainlor apologise. One does not feel dis- posed to be lenient with an opponent of this kind. Mr. Carleton's version of the Commonwealth period is a baseless fabrication and I am prepared to prove that Cromwell was movable and intellectually superior to his predecessors or successors. Oliver Cromwell was the first of England's rulers after Alfred to discern the importance of education. During the Protectorate great efforts were made for the enlightenment of the people, schools sprang up in every direction. Universities flourished as never before but when the black days of the Stuart re-action came all this was swept away and 2,000 of the holiest and most learned clergy were ejected from their livings. But even admitting that Mr. Carleton's charges are true the worse that one could say about Cromwell would be that he took the ill-gotton gains of the privileged few and used them for the good of the oppressed many. To-day we have a Government returned to power on a false issue and a Government that has fraudulently used that power in bolstering up the priest and the parson, the brewer and the Chinese slave owner at the expense of poor and struggling masses. The puny ' criticisms of men like Mr. Carleton fall harmlessly upon the man who stands out as the embodiment of all that is best and noblest in the English spirit—the typical I Englishman reuewed and transfigured by the spirit of God.—Yeurs sincerely HERBERT DUNNICO.

Holy Trinity Vicarage, Warrington. 2Gth Juno. 1905.

Dear Sir,—ny attention is drawn to a statement made in a sermon preached by you and reported in the Warrington "Examiner" of .June 10th list, It is as follows:

"There was a period of English History known as the Commonwealth period. Among many distinctions of that period, it made Popular Education among its chief concerns, and made a large grant each year in support of it."

May I say that I shall be much obliged ir you will kindly give me your authority for this sta*tement, 1 mean an authoritative reference that may be verified, as the matter is one of much interest and importance.— Believe me, faithfully yours, E. C. E. CARLETON.

The Rev. H. Minnie°. .._.-

July 3rd, 1905. Dear Sir,—Absence from home with its inevitable accumulation of correspondence has prevented me replying to your letter of the 28th earlier. The state- ment you refer to may be verified by consulting any reliable history of the Cromwellian period and the efforts put forth by that great man in order to promote a scheme of general gratuitous education ; however as you ask for "an authoritative reference that may be verified," I beg to say that such a reference may be found in "State Intervention in English Education." a Short History from the Earliest Times" down to 1833. The author is J. E. G. Montmorency, 8.A., LL.B. of St. Peter's College, Cambridge, and of the Middle Temple, Barrister at Law. The sentence (page 101) reads as follows :—This allocation to education of the annual sum of £20,000 preceded by 181 years the first grant made by Parliament under the modem educational system." May I take this opportunity of saying how much I regret the tone of the article that appeared this month your Church Magazine. Whoever the writer may be (I pass over as being unworthy of notice the references to the Baptist Minister and his flock) he certainly lays himself open to the charge of inexcusable ignorance on the one hand, or a deliberate perversion of the truth on the other, either of which is presumably due to bigotry.—Yours sincerely HERBERT DUNNICO. P.S.—I shall be pleased to know whether you are satisfied with this reference.

Holy Trinity Vicarngo, 12th July, 1905. Dear Sir,—l regret that I have not been able to reply before to your note of the 3rd inst.owing to the pressure of many engagements. As I have not the book to which you refer in my possession (" State intervention in English education") and as lam not acquaintei with Mr. Montmorency as an authority, perhaps you will kindly give me the references that I have no doubt he himself furnishes as the basis of his statement.

May I say that at the time to which you apparently refer (1649), the Parliament of England did .not exist. There were a few men—some 40 or 50 I think—who professed to act in the name of Parliament ; but the great body of the peoples' representatives had been turned away from the doors of the House of Commons by Colonel Pride and his two regiments, because those who controlled the army at that time felt they could not rely upon their votes. When people like these give away other people's money, I am not able to gauge the measure of the sacrifice or assign the motive that dictated the generosity. If you will however give me the exact date of the vote—year and month—l will 'endeavour to look the matter up in the records of Parliament as I have opportunity. Certainly there is, believe, no Educational Institution in the country or School or College that is preserved to us as dating from the period of the Commonwealth.—l am sir, yours faithfully E. C. E. CARLETON. The Rev. H. Dunnico.

_ Holy Trinity Vicarage, \Carrington, July 19th 1905. Dear Sir,—May I say that my inquiry as to the date of the grant for education under the Commonwealth is one that, I think, there need be no delay about. How- ever, as I do not wish to give you any unnecessary trouble, and as I think I know what it is that your statement refers to, I will venture to deal with the matter without further parley. I have already pointed out that this' so-called grant was made not by Parliament but by a body that had been careful to exclude by force the great body of the people's representatives from having any voice in the affairs of Government. . . .

Further the grant was made not out of any funds raised by legitimate taxation, but out of funds raised by the confiscation "of all parsonages, tithes, oblations, obventions, &c. " the proceeds of which were to be held by trustees, who were to pay out of it what Parliament thought desirable for the "maintenance of preaching ministers, the advancement of learning and other pions uses." It is this Act to which I think you refer, passed on the Bth of June 1649. It was necessary I suppose, after the Clergy and Schoolmasters were turned out of their emoluments that those who were put in their places under the Commonwealth should have some pro- vision made for their maintenance,and this was the object of the Act. Whether education was likely to be benefited by a proceeding of this kind, I am content to leave to the judgment of others. We know from other sources how education stood in the country at this time. The records of the Oxford Visitation may be seen in Walker's " Sufferings of the Clergy." The fact is education under Cromwell fared no better than the other great interests of the country; and how these fared may be gathered from the following summary that I have taken with slight alteration. from a letter of Disraeli to Lord Lyndhurst:—This Govern- ment established courts more infamous than the Star Chamber in every county, with power of fining, sequestrating, imprisoning, and corporally punishing all who opposed or even murmured against their decrees; and under the plea of "malignancy" they avenged their private hatreds, and seized for their private gain any ' estates or property to which they took a fancy. They enlarged the laws' of high treason, so that they com- prehended verbal offences and even intentions: They voted trial hy jury a breach of parliamentary privilege. They sequestrated nearly one half of the goods and chattels of the nation, and at least one-half of its, rents and revenues; and in seven years raised the taxation of the country from eight hundred thousand pounds per annum to seven millions per annum. This Government had the honour of inventing the excise, applying the impost even to provisions and the common necessaries

of life. They became at length so barefaced in their extortions, that one morning they openly divided three hundred thousand pounds amongst themselves, and settled an annuity of four pounds a day on each of their number (see Disraeli's Vindication of the Con- stitution).

The Government of Cromwell throughout was simply a military dictatorship and the army was perhaps the only institution that flourished under his rule. The notion that there was liberty in tho country either civil or religious, is a myth. As I have given you an opportunity of making a correction of astatement.publicly made by you,which you have not availed yourself of, I propose sending this correspondence to the Press.-4 am yours faithfully. E. C. E. CARLETON. The Rev. H. Dunnico.

July 20th. Dear Sir,—Your letter of the 12th came to hand during my absence in London. Since my return I have had more important business to attend to than that of sending out information every intelligent person ought to be in possession of. Moreover, as you delayed acknowledging a favour I did for you for some ten days, I do not see that you have any cause for complaint. Your statement at to " there being no need for delay " in sending you information your previous letters prove you to have been absolutely ignorant of, savours very much of comic opera. Such methods of controversy are more in keeping with those of p >Utica] tricksters than those of men claiming to be in the episcopal suc- cession. Lot me however hasten to assure you that I had no intention of continuing a correspondence with one whose audacity and bigotry and insolence are in inverse ratio to his knowledge of the subject under discussion. If proof in support of this statement is required I need only refer you to the article in your own magazine and your letter of the 12th inst. So far as your last letter was concerne4 I can only say that such a misleading and inaccurate letter was never penned by any man whose mind had not been ivarpad by narrow bigotry. lam delighted to learn that you have decided to send a copy of this correspondence to the press, at the same time your eagerness to do so at this stage and without even asking my permission only confirms the opinion I had previously formed of you. I need hardly inform you that I ant at the present time engaged in a discussion with one who is in every respect better fitted and more capable of discussing this subject that yourself and who is an opponent lan able to admire and respect. Moreover as I leave Warrington on Monday next until early September I do not feel called upon to undertake any additional cor- respondence. In fact I question whether a controversy with an opponent such as you appear to be is desirable under any circumstances. Still lest anyone sbould think that I am not able to defend every statement you have thought fit to question I beg to stato that .1 am pre- pared to meet you in public debate. I mike this offer because a newspaper controversy absorbs more time than I can spare. The debate to take place in the Parr Hall, to extend over three consecutive nights and on dates suitable to both parties. I am willing to hold myself responsible for half the expenzes. I trust you will publish this letter along with the rest.—Yours truly,

HERBERT DUNNICO. P.S.—I make this offer purely in the public interest. If you state your case as you understand it I wilt state ours as I understand it. Toe public then can form their own opinion.

Holy Trinity Vicarage, Wirrington. 21st July, 1905. Dear Sir,—As you seem unwilling to give our corres- pondence poblication, I will allow the matter to stand over for a few d ays. Meanwhile perhaps you can hit upon some other plan for removing the wrong impression that, I conceive,'has been given the public by your statement. The method of having a public dis- cussion on so narrow an issue as the meaning of an Act passed by the Commonwealth Parliament in June 1649 is simply ridiculous. It is as if a man, who was challenged with putting in circulation a bank note of doubtful genuineness, should propose to the objector to fight him for it, instead of taking the obvious course of having ta.e note tested.

Of course if you have no Om to props e for dis- abusing the public mind in this matter, I must do what I can without your assistance and without printing your letters as they stand.—Yours faithfully, E. C. E. CARLETON. .

Lie Rev. H. Dunnico.

July 21, 1905. Dear Sir,—Your letter of the 21st is another charac- teristic attempt to take an ugfair advantage. You know perfectly well I have not raised any objection to the publication of thecorrespondence. In my last letter I distinctly stated that I was pleased to learn that you had decided to send a copy of same to the Press. I did suggest that as you had asked privately for certain information I was under no obligation to supply you with, it was to say the least only courteous to ask per- mission before sending such to the Press. I now ask you to publish the whole of it, if you do not dc.) so I shall. The statement you have challeaged still remains intact, and I deeply regret that a gentleman in your position should put forth such narrow-mindad and paltry criticism. So far as my offer to debate is concerned. let me add that I do not desire to limit the debate to so narrow an issue ; I wish to discuss the whole subject from a citizen's point of view. I desire an opportunity of telling you on a public platform that your recent article reproduced in the columns of the local press is an insolent and impudent slander, and that it is abso- lately void of truth.—Yours truly, HERBERT DUNNICO. Rev. E. C. E. Carleton.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. F. NEILSON.

Politician, Author, Dramatist and

Globe-Trotter.

Francis Neilson, the Liberal Labour candidate for the Newport Division of Shropshire, wh ) has been ad- dressing Warrington audiences this week, is an in- teresting personality. He begin life in Birkenhead, was "raised "in Shropshire, and has since travelled pretty well all over the continent and America, most of the time, as he humourously says, making money for other people. Now he is busy making a reputa- tiou in the fascinating sphere of politics, and th ise of our readers who have heard Mr. Neilson will hope and believe that success lies before him. Few men have a better platform manner, a pleasanter voice, or the ability to endow political speech-making with a livelier interest. In appearance he is tall and athletic looking, clean-shaven, dark-haired and with an eye and month that smile in unison. Mr. Neilson's career may be said to have com- menced when at the age of 19 he voyaged to America on fortune bent. Riches did not exactly shower upon him when he landed. His first job was in a New York fruit commission warehouse, where he had to work from 12 midnight until 8 o'clock the following evening-20 hours a thy —and sleep on the premises. Since then Mr. Neilson has assiduously advocated an 8 hours day! From New York Mr. Neilson travelled all over the United States, Mexico, Canada, and the Continent, working at various jobs, including rail- roading. After many experiences he at last became a journalist in America. Then he met with Dion Baucicault and became the latter's private secretary for the last three years of his life. Through the great actor and playwright, Mr. Neilson became interested in dramatic enterprise and obtained the post of stage director to Charles Frehman. In 1897 he returned to England with William Gillette's "Secret Service" Company,which made the first real American success in this country, while he also staged the first performance in this county of "Sherlock Holmes." Later, Mr. Neilson went into Royal Opera as stage director and managed affairs for 4 years, leaving opera to take up politics, which he had always taken an interest in, even while in America. At one time he was at work with George Douglas Blown, author of "The house with the green shutters," and made a study of South African affairs from the commencement of the British administration to the war. When he saw the nation rushing headlong to Protection under the guidance of Mr. Chamberlain he determined to do all he could to bring the people back to a sane view of things, and was delighted when he received an invitation from the county in which he had spent the early part of his life to contest the Newport Division. The Progressive Party soon realised the value of Mr. Neilson's experi,-nces in organisation, and readily availed themselves of his services in bye-elections. During the last 18 months Mr. Neilson has helped in the working and organisation of 13 bye-elections, and looks back with pride on the fact that he was associa- ted with four of the biggest victories the Progressive forces have yet won. In his opinion, Oswestry and Whitby were the two biggest performances. Like a good candidate should be, Mr. Neilson is confident of his own success at Newport, and has every reason to hope that he will succeed. in ousting the sitting mem- ber, Col. Kenyon Slaney, M.P. A. word in reference to Mr. Neilson's literary' and dramatic achievements will not be out of place. here. ' He has already published a novel, "Madam Bohemia," and a musical drama on the myths of the North American Indiana, entitled " Manabozo " which was written for Anton Seidl. Several plays have also come from Mr. 'Neilson's pen, and during the winter he expects to publish another novel. While in America he found time to produce a number of plays and operettas, one entitled "Prince Ananias " being very well known in the United States.Politieal articles also come within Mr. Neilson's province, so that altogether he is an uncommonly busy man of many parts.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
A TRAMP ABROAD. IMPRESSIONS OF WARRINGTON AND WIDNES. "THIS POISONOUS HELL-TOWN." The day was terribly hot, and I got badly burned through the wearing of only a cap. I met a good many men going and coming alorr, the road. I passed through Cad ishead, and finally the town of \Carrington hove into sight. It was not a town that made a dark cloud in the air, as did the most of Lancashire towns

A train came out along the road about a mile out from the town, and I boarded it gladly. The eleven miles walk in the glare of the sun had tired me a bit. ‘Varrington is a picturesque, clean-aired, pleasant town, and it owts a policeman who possesses wit. For when I asked hint as to where I should put up and where the best place was to get a meal, he re- galed me with many humorous impressions concerning myself. Among other things he told me was that must have been a pugilist. He had had a great deal to do with pugilists, he said, and he thought that if 1 trained down a bit I would be all right. He was a stout block of a man xvith an egotistical voice, and he went on to give his views of life generally as he stood at the crossing regulation.' the traffic of the main street of Warrington. I gave him a cigar, and passed on to get the benefit of his expert advice as to the town.

That night I went to the theatre, where the most luri I kind of a melodrama was being played. But the somewhat vivid charm of the piece was not strong enough to keep me awake. The day had tired me. _

===== 0002601_19050729_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WONDERFUL CANAL.

The next morning I was up bright and early to start along the road to Liverpool. But it occurred to me that it would be a good idea to go to Latchford Locks to see the Ship Canal. Here were the locks. And the wonderful canal was stretching for miles under the light of the sun. And then it occurred to me that it would be a good idea to walk along its banks to Liverpool. As I was looking round the immense locks It coasting steam schooner of over a hundred tons entered from the higher level. She was on her way from Manchester to Liverpool, and was called the Bedlormie—and before I knew where I was Captain Waring, the superintendent of the locks, spoke to her captain and I was aboard. Going down the canal on a vessel was the best way of all to see it. And I settled myself comfortably on a plank seat on the bridge with the captain. All thoughts of walking had now vanished. I would glide easily and quietly and lazily to Liverpool. Or rather to Ilistham. For the canal ended at Easthara on the Mersey, twenty and a half miles away. There were no more locks to descend. The great canal was now on a level with the mouth of the Mersey and with the far ocean. Of all the ways of travelling, travelling by canal is the easiest and the safest and most beautiful. There is neither jar nor rock nor any sense of untoward motion. You glide easily and serenel3 along. The country passes before you with the soft ease of a dream. You are at once going and you are still and at rest. It is motion in stillness. The world passes before your eves with a slow and serene and strange enchantment. The boat moves as move the clouds. You go along as in a dream. You have time to think upon the things you see. They calmly pass before you in the fullness and their roundness. You see the beginning and the middle and the end of them. You are under the spell of the softest and gentlest and most perfect mood of the wondrous all-god motion. And you sail calmly along in still quietude. And fields slowly arise, and full reveal themselves, and pass. And the grasses and the trees and the flowers softly and slowly reveal themselves. And towns slowly arise above the banks in the distance. The sounds that come are AS soft sounds in stillness. You go gently along in stillness. You are held in the spell of Motion's most beautiful and most magical mood. How enthrall- ing and strange and soft and quiet it all is. And the Journey is at an end. And it is still as if you were at the beginning. A sense of rest is with you. The journey has been as the soft passing of a cloud. There is not even the faintest sense of a strain upon you. A picture has passed before you. That is all. -

-- ----- FOR LUST OF GAIN. Widnes appeared. It rose slowly up in the north. west. A dark dreadful picture in the midst of the splendid, wonderful day. An infernal place of belching, poisoning fumes, where people were being slowly murdered in the name of science and the name of greed. The snakish, poisonous, murder-fumes wreathed and slimed slowly upwards, defiling and degrading the bright- ness. This poisonous hell-town rose up in the north- west. Yonder, from the vast chimneys, arose monstrous snakes more deadly than the snake-monsters of the dim and long-gone past. Truly, life end the world changed but little. Man had evolved in the midst of the horror of a reptile environment. And the snake-monsters of the long-gone past were gone. But man had evoked them again here in this Widnes. In the old times the slimy immense monsters but slew man. But these monsters arising before me slew even the grass and the trees. They arose and spurned, defiling and degrading the brightness of the splendid day. These horrid spawn of the lust of greed and the foolish, burrowing blind thing of egotism that man calls Science. Better would i; have been if this Widnes—this poisonous hell-town—were blotted out. Science! What have you done for man save degrade him and take away from him his innate and native power ? The horn of the Bedlormie blew and the swing bridges softly swung open as if by magic to let us pass. And the dark, dread blot faded away. And here were fresh and green fields. The wonderful suspension bridge of Runcorn I It appeared—a structure of delicate and interlacing lines that seemed to rest of itself in the bright summer air. And we went on till we could see off from us be faint yellow water of the Mersey. It ran in a line with the still waters of the grand and wonderful canal. Here to the south-east was the River Weaver. The canal seemed now to lie in the midst of moving waters. And off before us was the widening mouth of the River Mersey. Before us a great and mighty vessel moved slowly along the canal. We had come upon her in our journey. We could see the men standing upon her deck. She had come from a part of the world far distant, and again she was out-bound. An immense, stupendous vessel going slowly. And here was Eastham. Here was the beginning of the great canal. And yonder over the broad width of the river was the town of Liverpool.

BART KENNEDY, In the" Daily Mail." IN DEFENCE OF WIDNES. [To the Editor of the " Daily Mail.") Sir,—Who is Mr. Bart Kennedy? That is the ques- tion asked by the natives of Widnes since the A ppe9 ranee of Mr. Kennedy's article in Monday's " Daily Mail." A warm welcome awaits the man who describes our native heath ,as a" poisonous hell town." Such an epithet could but emanate from a sordid mind. The town has been libelled, and grossly libelled. It is time such writers were made to" toe the line." It lis time our municipal authorities made an example of men who make such unfounded statements, as ranee harm may be done to the progress of such towns. "Widnes may not some years ago have been a "thing of beauty," but now it can hold its own with any town insouth-west Lancashire. There are several towns in England to.day which are far worse than Widnes. From the Ship Canal a most pleasant view is obtained of one portion of ‘Vidnes; that portion is most pleasing to the eye—the magnificent and spacious promenade and fairly decent property. This, then, is what Mr. Bart Kennedy gazed upon when he was on the Ship Canal, and one is at a loss to understand the origin or cause of his absurd aneuncharitable effusions. Just over the water are beautiful gardens, laid out on the promenade. Then our park is but a mile from the chemical works, and yet he asserts that not a blade of grass can be seen in the town. Nature is seen at its best close to the spot where Mr. Bart Kennedy framed his astounding untruths concern- ing our town. There are many readers of the "Daily Mail "in Widnes, and we feel greatly annoyed and quite angry with your correspondent. We can offer Mr. Batt Kennedy numerous luxuries. We can show him where his remarks are erroneous in their entirety. We will point out to him blades of grass, and after he has con- cluded his inspection of Widnes we can guarantee him repose in as nice a little cemetery as one would wish to rest in from his weary labours.

D. J. D. APPLETON.

Widnes.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

-- Tø E CIARDEN SOCIETY PICSIC.—The members of the. Stockton Heath Garden Society and their wives and lady friends on Saturday afternoon visited Birchdale, the residence of their President, Mr. Vera B. Davies, the guests altogether numbering about 300. The beauti- ful grounds, which are in excellent condition were much admired, the inspection affording considerable pleasure. In addition to Mr. and Mrs. Vera Davies, who did all they could to minister to the happiness of the guests, there were present the Rev. H. V. and Mrs. Pigot, the Rev. C. A. IW. Evans, Mr. A. Fawcett (secretary of the society) and Mrs. Fawcett, Mr. Charles Plinston (treasurer), and the following members of he com- mittee :—Messrs. F. Timperley, W. Timperley, IV. H. Woodcock, Vernon, Moore and Anslow. Games, includ- ing cricket and bowls, were engaged in, and a number of prizes were distributed to the successful competitors. Excellent refreshments were provided and a pleasant afternoon and evening were spent.

ELASTIC SToCKINGS. KNEE CArs, &C.—For Varicoa Veins and all cases of Weakness and Swelling of the Leg,. Sprains, &c. They are porous, light in texture, and in- expensive, and are drawn on like an ordinary stocking. —Price 4s. 6d., is. Gd. and 10s. 6d. each. Postage free. WHITE & WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument and Truss Makers, 96, Renshaw Street, Liverpool.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD TO THE WISE.

T.ho fickle nature of the climate of this country often gives rise to a variety of ailments and complaints, which assera,ng at first the form of only a slight indisposition, if neglected and unheeded may become the germ of serioes likalS99, which will underrnino the constitution, and flaallv result in a long and lingering illness, and perhans terminate fatally. The variable temperature and the changeable weather of the last month or so, makes it incnnabent on all of us to exercise wise and +prudent precautions to counteract the evil effects which the weather mop have had upon our health and comfort. Already we frequently hear such comnlaints as "No appetite." " These frequent headaches," " This languid feeling," and dozens of other exnressions which all point to the urgent need of a good Tonic. Now there are several tonic mixtures offered to the Public, but none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. This Preparation is acknowledged to be The Best Remedy of The Ags for Nervousness, Wea'zness. Chest Affections, Palpitation of the Heart, Indigestion, Liver Complaint, and Influenza. The numerous Cases of marvellous cures effected, and the restoration to perfect health, of those who had long suffered and had vainly tried other remedies, can he accounted for by simnly stating the effect which Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has upon the System. Ist. It strikes at the source of the disease, and by removing the causes of disease, the evil effects soon vanish. 2nd. It strengthens that part of the system which is weakest, and therefore, most liable to the attacks of colds and all diseases. 3rd. It purifies the blond, and thus gives new life and force to all parts of the body, for disease cannot exist where there is a free circulation of pure blood- 4th. It gives healthy action to the digestive organs and to the liver, thus aiding to keep away Indigestion and the host of different forms of disease which re- nit from it, sth. By removing impurities. strengthening the weak parts of the system, and purifying the blood,the lonman frame is well fortified to withstand the attacks of disease. It is repelled, and its place taken by health and strength, through the effective action of Gvvilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. The Vegetable Tonic. Sold everywhere in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. (id. each, or will be sent carriage free for these prices. direct from the Sole Proorietors :—Quinine Bitters INlannfacturing Con-i- -rony, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. Beware of Imitations. See that you get the genuine Preparation with the name, " G. wilym Evans " on Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Rev. H. Dannleo's Anniversary.

Special services were held on Sunday in celebration of the Rev. H. Dunnico's third anniversary as Pastor of the Golborne-street Baptist Church. A large congrega- tion assembled in the morning, when the Pastor preached on the duties and obligations of church members. In the afternoon the church was well filled, when the half- yearly prize distribution took place in connection with the adult Bible Class, above 100 lbooks being given out. In the evening many were unable to gain admis- sion. Basing his remarks on the words, "Ye are the salt of the earth but if the silt has lost the savour . . . it is henceferth good for nothing but to be cast out and trodden under the foot of men." Mr. Dunnico delivered a sermon on the mission and the purpose of the Christian Church and its place in national life. Speak- ing upon the Christian Church's failure and dishonour the preacher crit;cised the church of to-day very severely. The steady decrease on church attendance, and its failure to supply men with what their deepest needs required was to the church's discredit. The men of to- day were not less religions than their fathers, even though they attended church less regularly. The cause lay inside the church. It revealed so little of the -.Master's spirit of helpfulness and pity, and men wera beginning to see through the hollow hypocrises and shams of many so-called pillars in the church. When the church became tilled with the spirit of Christ and power of the Holy Ghost her courts would then be crowded by the poor, the weary and the oppressed, instead of by a few sleek well-fed prosperous Christians who paid more heed to creeds, sacraments and their own little services than to the perishing world the Master died to save. Mr. Dunnico will not occupy his pulpit again until September.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. Vigorous Address by Mr. J. L. Paton.

There was a crowded attendance at an open meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society which was held on Sunday. The Rev. J. Von so presided and in introduc- ing the speaker, Mr. J. L. Paton, High Master of the Manchester Grammar School, said they had every reason to feel proud of Mr. Paton as he was one of the comparatively few Nonconformists who had distinguished themselves in university life and had won for themselves positiorD, of rank, res- ponsibility and influence in the country. (Hear, hear.) —Mr. Paton, at the outset of his address, gave an excel. lent account of the story contained in Shakespeare's "Merchant of Venice" of the wooing of Portia. The object of the man in business, be said, was the attain- ment of wealth, and his whole life was given up to that pursuit. The man who spent his time endeavour- ing to" spot winners was as truly a worshipper of ' gold as the motorist who rushed past with his dust and smell. Greed for gold was a false and empty idea Of life. After all what could wealth give us ? Wealth made us cowards on the brink of the last cold stream which we all must cross. There were others whose idea of life was not so sordid as those who sold their souls for wealth but even they had not the right idea of life. They asked that life should give them what they deserved hut somehow they never got from life what they thought they were entitled to. That was a false philosophy of life, and the persons who adopted it were always discontented grumblers. There was, however, .another in our midst, and He asked that His followers should deny themselves, and take up their crosses and follow Him. It seemed a hard ideal of life for the young men to give and hazard all that they had, and were and could become. It was, however, the true life of love, and if we followed it we must not ask for reward, we must not ask for what we deserved, but must live for the joy of serving Christ, so that in the end we would be transfigured with glory, as we would be with Christ in God. (Applause).—During the afternoon Miss P. Houghton sang with excellent effect " With verdure clad" and "Thy King," Mr. Payton presiding at the organ. Mr. E. Wallington also took part in the meet- ing. The President welcomed one new member, the total number now being 455. A vote of sympathy and condolence was sent to Mr. T. Woods, one of the oldest members who had during the week tosthis wife after a long and lingering sickness.

William Ridley, who was described as a "gentle- man," was fined £5 at Holt, Norfolk, for assaulting a female visitor by kissing her. As the woman was sitting on the beach at Clpy, the man put his arm round her waist and kissed her several times.

Dr. Corbett, who is said to be the only blind man who ever took the degree of doctor of music in England, was appointed professor of music at the Nottingham Blind Institution on Wednesday. He comes from Wellington, Shropshire, and has held the position of organist at Holy Trinity, Bournemouth, and All Saints', Derby. Mr. George J. Gould and his wife and son were severely horsewhipped by a. Swiss shepherd, whose cart was upset by the motor-csr in which the American millionaire was driving, in the neighbourhood of Kass- nacht.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
ALWAYS BY MOTHER'S SIDE.

Peevish Children Comforted by Peptolaxa.

A Child that continually tries for its mother, is peevish and refuses t 9 leave her side, is usually suffering from stomach troubles, teeth- ing or feverishness. The cooling and comforting effect of Peptolaxa in such a case is excellent for baby and a relief to mother. Mrs. 13annis- ter, 11, Hartington. road, Spital, Chesterflelr writes :

. "My ',atle Maud, aged 41, has always been a delicate child, and since having :Measles she has not pro- gressed at all. Her appetite had been feeble, and she had grown very thin. But Peptolaxa has quite changed her for the better. Her appetite is healthy; she sleeps comfortably ; and her bowels,whi,la were very constipated, are now in perfect order. It is pleasure to see her so bright and lively."

-4 ...• 5- . 4.* id .4 - '4

===== 0002601_19050729_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
-...,,entoiaxa : I_ • FOR I3AI3ES AND CHILDREN

regulates the lives of little ones and dispels constipa- tion, diarrhcea, indigestion and feverishness. A smile in every dose; teething without tears. Send for a free, sample to Dr. Williams' Medicine Co.,Dolborn-viaduct London. Sold (is. ltd.) at all branches of Boots, Cash Chemists.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OVERCROWDING OF THE WORKFIOUSE.

THE BOARD OF GUARDIANS AND THE DIFFICULTY.

ViEWS OF MR. JEINER FUST.

For some time the Warrington Board of Guar lians have been faced with a serious difficulty in regard to the congested state of the Workhouse. The Medical Officer of Health dealing with the question in his report says : " General overcrowding in the hospital —more particularly on the female side and male lunatic block —lO2 sleepers on female side only ought to be 95 —and on the male side 85 sleepers and accom- modation for 94 patients." Under the head of " Recommendations " the report read " On 'January 2nd also I referred to the overcrowding of the hospital amt the Guardians have discussed the matter but nothing has ly)en done. I should like to call the Guardians' attention t ) this matter again—George Braide, melical officer." In reply to one of the queries set forth in the " Half-yearly statement of the Medical Officer for the Workhouse'' is the following entry : " The h )spital generally has been overcrowded during the past six months." At the interim meeting of the Board, which was held on Wednesday, the question was again under discussion. Mr. Billinge presided, and there were also present : Mrs. Clay, Miss Broadbent, Rev. T. ft. Matthews, Drs. Murray and Patterson, and Messrs. NV. Hickman. A. J. Jolley, S. Davies, T. H. Ashcroft, R. Forshaw, G. Thompson, G. Mather, J. Brookes, W. Flannigan, R. Bolton, M. T. Seton, J. C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. Awbery (workhouse master), and A. Wright (superintendent of Padgate Schools.) Mr. Jenner Feat (Local Government Board Inspector) was also present. The Cif AIRMAN said that the question of the proposed alteration of the old hospital with a view to increasing the accommodation had been very carefully considered. The premises were some days previously visited by one of the Local Government Bqard architects, and Mr. Jenner Feat and several members of the Board, to confer upon the proposal. Mr. JENNER FEST said he was pleased to have that opportunity of being present. He had hoped that the question of the extension of the Workhouse was settled when the Board arrived at the decision to erect a pavilion for the accommodation of the infirm. Unfortunately during the discussion and necessary preliminaries which took place the pressure of the rates made itself felt and there WaS a very strong feeling throughout the country that the pressure was almost more than the ratep tyers could bear. Not un-naturally therefore, the Guardians, feeling the pressure of the rates, cast about them to see whether or not there was a means of dealing with the question of overcrowd- ing without the expenditure of so large a sum as a new building would involve, and the suggestion was made that they should alter the old Infirmary in order to ; accommodate the class for whom the extra accommoda- lion was more p trticularly required. Their architect (Mr. Owen) drew up preliminary plans in order to ascertain the feeling of the Local Government Board but Mr. Kitchen, the Local Govemmeut Board archi- tect, seemed to have taken a somewhat unfavourable view especially as the alterations would cost £2500. Ile and Mr. Kitchen had inspected the old infirmary in order that they could better judge its condition and speak as to the desirability of spending money upon it. Mr. Kitchen had come to the conclusion that, the building was not worth the expense which would be necessary to make it suitable for imbeciles or the aged and infirml in the manner pro- posed. He was influenced by the knowledge that if the extension of the new infirmary became necessary and that building was completed occording to the plans it would involve the pulling down of the old infirmary. Thore was another point which the Board must remember. If they borrowed money to spend it upon the old infirmary they would only be able to borrow it for a short time, but if they borrowed money for the erection of a new pavilion they would get 30 years in which to repay it. The proper use of the old infirmary was in connection with the main bonding and to relieve the pressure felt dur'ng the winter months and at exceptional periods. Assuming that the Board agreed with the view that the old building was not worth spending the money upon was there any alternative scheme? There were: to erect a pavilion or to complete the new building by the erection of two half blocks. The latter could be done without inter- fering with the existing building and would give a con- siderable amount of increased accommodation for any class of inmate. That, however, he was afraid wool(' cost considerably more than a new pavilion which the Board originally decided to put up. He assumed that it was admitted that an extension of some kind of the existing accommodation was necessary. Various arguments put forward to show that was not so. It was said that the Workhouse was certifiA to hold so many, but it had never been called upon to accommodate that number. It was difficult to conceive that a person who brought forward that argu- ment belie -ed in it himself. If people would learn where the accommodation was vacant and regulate their applications accordingly there would he no diffi- culty, but when ten able-bodied men applied for admis- sion they could not be told that there was plenty of room in the female imbecile ward. (Hear, hear.) It was suggested that the difficulty could be mei by the extension of the system of out-relief. They might stave off a few cases by that means but where it had been tried it had been found that the reduction effected in the number of inmates was very small, and it was doubtful whether it was permanent. He was, therefore, afraid they must dismiss from their minds any idea of being able to deal with the question in that way. He was sorry some of the opponents of the scheme were not present when he and ?'fr. Kitchen visited the premises. He was present, and he would be surprised i f that gentleman did not vote for an extension. Mr. [-tick:v.l.x asked what it would cost to take down the interior walls of the old infirmary. Mr. SEGAR OWEN replied that that would necessitate other work being done which would make the total cost about £l,OO. .

Mr. AsHCROFT : lam one of the opponents of the scheme but I was not asked to be present. . .

Mr. J. C. surros : Yon were invited to come but were away from home I sent a clerk to inform you. Mr. HICKMAN said that on account of the shortness of the notice he could not be present when Mr. Jenner Fast made his visit owing to business engage- ments. He had taken an active interest in oppos- ing the larger scheme for reasons which he thought were good. He felt that before they embarked upon a building scheme they should utilise the premises they already possessed as far as was possible. He said all along a huildingscherne could be deferred and for that reason he suggested the alteration °tithe old infirmary, but, however, he did not intend to be en advocate of the spending of £2,500 or even £1,500 but thought the work should be done as cheaply as possible, and with all due reference to Mr. Owen he did not think the work would cost £1,501 Mr. FORS IT AW : What would be the increased accommodation if the alterations were carried out. Mr. HICKMAN : Fifty nine. __ • _ .

The CHA I RMAN : There would not he any increased accommodation if Mr. Hickman's suggestion were carried out. Mr. HicxmAx : There is bound to be an increased ' accommodation as you would increase the amount of space at your disposal. Mr. THOMPSON said ha believed the accommodation at the Workhouse was 591 whereas the greatest number they had had to accommodate that year was 583 and the least 462. The old infirmary could be made suitable for the accommodation of the aged and infirm and would relieve the pressure on the Workhouse. Mr. PortsHAW : I think Mr. Thompson has over- looked the question of classification. Mr. DAVIES said they had three schemes before them. The first was to erect a new building at a cost of £B,OOO, the second to alter the old infirmary and the third to ex- tend the new infirmary.He thoura the alteration to the old infirmary would be a patched up job and altogether unsatisfactory—(hear, hear,)—and to his 'ailed that scheme entirely fell to the ground. He did not think there was a single member of the Board who would honestly support the spending of £2,500 on a patched up job such as that would be. The first scheme would be more satisfactory and would meet all their requirements. He had never opposed that scheme land all he had asked was an extension of time as it was well known extensive schemes were being deferred all over the country until better times arrived. lie thought the first scheme was the best and would in the end be the cheapest. Mr. FORSHAW said he would like to point out that ' the first scheme would only cost id. in the .E. While he sympathised with the large ratepayers he thought an increase of a farthing would not be felt. They could not get behind the fact that additional accommodatioa must be provided. The Workhouse was already over- crowded. They talked about beautiful Warrington, but the real way to make Warrington beautiful was to do their duty. They were obliged to Mr. Hickman for the trouble he had gone to but as Mr. Hickman's scheme would cost £2,500 he was sure he would review the matter,especially as the money would have to be found out of the rates immediately. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY said he was surprised at the remarks made by Mr. Thompson as he thought Mr. Jenner Mist had put the matter in the clearest possible way. They could not put young girls profligate women and innocent lads with profligate men. That was ridiculous. They must classify their inmates and to classify them properly meant to increase the pressure in several de- partments. There was very great pressure indeed. Mr. NIATHER suggested that as a number of members had to leave the meeting that the matter should be ad- journed. Mr. Jor.LEY moved "That the existing accommoda- tion of the Workhouse being inadequate it is resolved that steps: be taken forthwith for the provision of proper and efficient accommodation •

===== 0002601_19050729_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday July 29, 1905.

for in-door poor, especially the sick and aged." It seemed to him that somo members of the Board were going to allow the interests of the poor to be sacrificed for small financial considerations. The policy of shirking responsibility would involve them in a greater expense than would have been incurred at the outset. Mr. FORSIIAW seconded. Before the resolution was put to the meeting, a num- ber .of the members of the Board left the room.

The resolution was approved. Mr. DAN lES said he was sorry Mr. Jolley had said some members of the Board were determined that such a thing should be done. It was for the Board to say whether a thing should be done or not. Mr. JOLLEY : I was expressing my personal opinion. This is not a question for the Board; it is a question for the ratepayers and I am perfectly convinced that the majority of the ratepayers want to see the poor properly treated and will not tolerate any survival of stupid old Bumbledom of which we have had several painful illustrations in this Board. The Chairman and Vice-Chairman of the Board together with the Chairman and Vice-Chairman of the House Committee were appointed a committee to con- sider the question as to what steps should be taken to prevent the overcrowding.

Billington showed a further slight improvement by carrying his score to six before E. Bailey ran home.

A start of this description was not exactly encouraging to the men from Bank Quay, and the game did not wear any more rosy an aspect when Broadhurst fell a victim to 'l'. Horrabiu 15-10 and with four men off the green Fletchers led by 38 points. Price and Heesom had a lengthy struggle but Price in the end, won and thereby recorded the first victory for his side. Fletchera could afford to smile and the win did not occasion any misgiving but IL Marrow did his best to level matters up a little by defeating J. Massey 15-3. The improvement however was only temporary as W. Bridgen was no match for J. Massey jun-, and his team fell back another 12 points.

W. Gleave and E. Shaw had an exciting struggle. Peeling at 7, Shaw took the lead and carried the score to 11-9, when a double and a single gave the London and North-Western man the advantage. Gleave notched another couple and looked like winning, when Shaw rose to the occasion. and by a succession of singles won by the odd point. Up to this period Fletcher's had had matters all their own way, and victory was assured, it being impossible for London aad North-Western to win the game. The Railway men made a game fight and the last three games going in their favour, Fletcher's final lead was reduced to one of 18 points.

The other match which was decided on Saturday was followed with great interest as in it figured last year's champions who met Itylands No. 1. team. The game opened very evenly both teams scoring 21 points in the first two games. The next stage saw the champions with a lead of six points and a game later that lead was increased to 13. Thirteen is always regareed as an unlucky number and Pearson and Knowles next had their balance reduced to eleven after a lengthy fight between J. W. Worsley and W. Povey. T. Hatton made short work of F. Miller and increased his side's advantage to one of 24.

Rylands set tkemselves to work off the balance of points against them and were led by W. Roughley who won 15-11. W. Butterworth followed with an improve- ment upon his colleagues score, and J. Shaw winning by the odd points thirteen chalks only separated the teams. T. Humphreys broke the run of success being beaten 15-11 after having been in arrear throughout his game with H. Bennett. Rylands were not however to be denied and as J. Woods triumphed over P. Ball to the extent of five points the issue of the game was still unsettled.

G. Ball and G. Shaw were the last two players on the green and a most exciting struggle they had. Ball at once took the lead but G. Shaw peeled at 13. The next two points were divided. Both were playing splendidly and in the last end Shaw got his wood home by about half an inch and claimed the game, but Peatson and Knowles won by 14 pointa.

Ball had an unusually busy time on Saturday. Early in the day he assisted the Lancashire and Cheshire team to achieve a victory over Yorkshire by defeating his opponent 21-13. Immediately after his game he came back to Warrington an assisted the Cemetery Club in their match with the Fearn- head team, winning his game 15-3. He then went on to the King and Queen Green where he was as above stated beaten by the narrowest possible margin by G. Shaw. He had hoped to do the bat trick but as it was he accomplished no small a feat, to play in three matches. Curiously enough each of the three teams for which 13al1 turned out won their respective fixtures.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. The Cemetery players showed something like their true form on Saturday, and greatly surprised the Fearn- head men by inflicting on them a most thorough defeat. Certainly the " farmers " did not view their visit to the Cemetery Green with anything like assurance. There was the barest chance that they would win and they confidently expected they would run the ex-champion close. Their visions, however, of complete or even comparative success were rudely dispelled as the Cemetery men rose to the occasion and by winning nine out of the twelve games played triumphed in no half-hearted fashion. The improvement in the play of the Cemetery men has how- ever come a little too late in the season to be of any particular advantage as their previous poor display has relegated them to a position which it is not often their lot to occupy.

Saturday's match calls for little comment as the issue of the game was never in doubt. One of the most exciting struggles of the fixture lay between 3. Willett andfW. Bowering. The Fearnhead man went off with a rush and until the eleventh end carried everything before him the score then standing at 13-3. Willett then scored 9 while his opponent registered one but the last end going to the " farmer" he won 15-12. J E. Harrison and John Weston had a stiff struggle an after peeling 6-7 and 13 Weston won by 2 points.

Penketh Park should have visited the Horse and Jockey green on Saturday, hut the fixture was postponed.

The position of the dubs up-to-date is as follows: P. W. L. D. For. Agst. Pts. Bolls Head 7 . 6 1 . 0 1087 ... 734 ... 12 Sankey 7 . 5 2 0 1132 ... 893 ... 10 Fearnhead 9 . 5 4 . 0 1222 ...1232 10 Cemetery 8 3... 5 0 1011 ...1153 ... 6 Horse &Jockey 7 ... 3 ... 4 ... 0 ... 951 ...1018 ... Penketh 6 0 6 ... 0 ... 734 —lOO7 ... 0

The draw for the serni-flnal took place on Monday with the following result : Longford v. Fletchers and Pearson and Knowles (No. 1 y.Whitecross. The matche will he played this afternoon on the King and Queen green. A charge of 2d. will be made to witness the :Ixtures.

The individual merit table has varied a little but the leadership is still unaffected. The doings of the players worthy of record are:— Pts.

P. W. L. For. Agst. A. Shaw, Bull's Head 7 ... 7 ... 0 ... 105 ... 45 H. Jackson, Horse and J 7 ... 7 0 ... 105 ... 76 F. Berry, Bull's Head 6 ... 6 ... 0 ... 90 ... 34 T. Ellison, Cemetery Joseph Weston,Fearnhead 8 7 1 ... 109 ... 82 W. Andrews, Fearnhead 9 7 2 ... 124 ... 105 .1 W. Jolley.Bull's Head 7 ... 1 ... 100 ... 61 W. Ellison, Sankey 6 ... 1 ... 98 ... 63 G. Rutter, Sankey J.Goulden, Sankey 7 ...0 ... 1 ... 94 ... 78 A. Gleave, Bull's Head 6 5 ... 1 ... 85 ... 46 H. Houghton, Sankey J. Swanton. Head 7 „. 5 ... 2 ... 101 ... 76 J. Roherts,Fearnhead' 7 5 2 102 87 J. Jackson. Sankey 7 . 5 9 93 ... 67 H. Clare, Bull's Head 7 5 2 96 ... 76 G. Ball, Bull's Read 7 ... 5 ... 2 .•• 90 ... 74 J.W.Worsley, Bull's Head 7 ... 5 ... 2 ... 94 ... 78 J. Bird, Bull's Head G. Ball, Cemetery T. Berry, Cemetery ..... ••• 8 ... 5 ... 3 ... 97 ... 82 T. Bolton, Cemetery

FRIENDLY MATCHES. Warrington :Junior Conservatives figured on the Sankey-street green ?e SaturdAy when they were defeated by their "seniors" by a margin of 141 points. Lithe singles the juniors lost thirteen games out of the twenty Owed and in the doubles they did even worse only one win being recorded in their favour.

The members of the Prince of Wales Lodge of Oddfellows held their annual main on Saturday. The event attracted a large number of competitors and com- petition for the Croslield cup and gold medal was keen T. Middleton ultimately recurring the premier prize by defeating D. Bromley 13-7. Twenty other prizes were awarded. The committee which had charge of the arrangements who were excellent in every respect were Bros. T. P. Bradshaw (chairman), A. Maddock, T. Reddish, J. Massey, C. Monnfleld, H. Sykes, W. King, and G. F. Freeman (secretary). Bro. A. H. Crosfield it is expected, will present the prizes at a social to be held at an early date.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S DELICATE SKINS.

Zam-Buk Elicits a Mother's Praise.

I Every local mother will be interested in the story of Mrs. Swales whose children fell victims to infantile skin disorders, and only had their delicate skin restored to health by means or Zarn-Buk. Interviewed by a " Cleckheaton Guardian " reporter at her home, No. 1, Nab Lane, Gelderd Road, Birstol, Mrs. Swales said : "A few weeks ago my baby Elsie had thrush, which left her with a huge sore on her back. It looked as if she had been scalded or burnt. For about a month I tried various homely remedies, but without any good results. Baby was evidently in much pain, and being very restless, kept both me and my husband awake at nights. Several of my neighbours advised me to take the child to a doctor, but hearing a great deal of tho wonderful power of Zarn-Buk, I obtained a box. The result was far beyond my greatest exi:*ctations. When I had persevered with the balm far a while, the hateful sore had disappeared, and my baby's skin is now quite free from eruptions of all kinds. "My little Willie (who is threo years old) had a breaking out of pimples on his feet, which gave him great trouble, especially as his constant scratching made them spread. I tried Zara-Bilk, and he is now entirely cured. We have found Zarn-Buk useful for many other skin eruptions, and my husband cured his sore fingers." Zam-Buk ke..ps the skin healthy in summer, and suits both young and old. For pimples, face sores, heat spots, rashes, chafing, sunburn, freckles, blackheads, skin irrita- tion, itching eczema, ulcers, piles, bad legs, diseased ankles, bad feet, undue perspiration, obstinate sores, festering or poisoned wou •ds, and all superficial injuries, Zam-liuk is invaluable. Price Is. lid. per box, or 28.9 d. large family size containing nearly four times Is. lid. ; of all chemists, or direct from the Zarn-Buk Co., 4, Red Cross-street, E.C.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

To put it mildly Warrington were surprised on Satur- day and that by no mans agreeably. Entertaining Earlestown on the Arpley enclosure they imagined victory was certain this optimistic opinion being apoirently justified by the ease with which they carried off the honours when they visited Earlestovvn but cricket is ever a game in which the unexpected happens. On Saturday E irlestown were sm irting under the reverse with which they net earlier in the season and they had their revenge, giving ‘Varrington one of the most thorough trouncings they have had this season.

It was fondly supposed—ere the season opened—that as a combination the local eleven were particularly strong but the progress of the West Lancashire League engagements has rudely dispelled that belief. Thera is no denyingthe fact that they have not by along way come up to expectations and theil anticipation that they would figure prominently and successfully in the league tourna- ment is no longer entertained by their supporters. Prior to Saturday's fixture hone did follow its usually ascribed course of springing eternally &c., but it is now recog- nized that the team has barely the remotest possibility and that a great improbability of being placed even in the first three.

Reverting to Saturday's match, Earlestown batted first and after malting a bad start proceeded to amass the respectable total of 166. On the surface Warring- ton's task did not appear a very big one and it was with light hearts that their batsmen went to face the Earles- town bowlers. Then the procession—one cannot call it by any other name—beg In and one after another the local wielders of the willow returned crestfallen to the pavilion. Podinore was the only one who could do any- thing with the bowling and his score of 22, while not a great one, stood out prominently. Only two other players; Richardson and Thompson, reached double figures.

Mason, for whose benefit tha proceeds of the match were set aside, bowled throughout the Eirlestown inn- ings, hut captured only two wickets at a cost of 53 runs. Thewlis was the most successful with the ball, and his flue wicket cost 9.75 runs each.

Connor still remains et the top or the batting aver- ages which are as follows: - -

Times Most not in

Inns. out, inns. runs. average E. A. Connor Mason A. Downs J. 111. Bibby P. B. Hawtin W. H. Pedmore J. Thompson W. Richardson l3 ... 0 ... 41 ... 173 ... 13.30

The second team were no more successful in their mstch with the Earlestown second eleven. In fact they were more soundly beaten than their seniors. Out of a total of 62 which they compiled. J. T. OlifT scored 20 and E. Pierolint 16, the rerniining nine players scoring 29 between them. On the Farlestown side the majority reached double figures and Allama and Leigh between them contributed 113 out of a total of 252.

The position of the club in the League table up-to- date is as follows : FIRST DIVISTON. P. W. L. D. P. Stanley Newton Earlestown St. Helens Warrington St. Helens Rees Frescot

. . ... ~ SECOND DIVISION. P. W. L. D. Pts. Etrlestown Prescot Warrington St. Helens Recs... Newton Stanley St. /Wens

Sankey Wire Mills have every reason to feel proud of themselves not having been beaten so far this season. On Saturday they tried conclusions with Glazebury and won by 15 runs. During the match only two players, Taylor and Gleave of the Sankey team reached double figures, their scores being 17 :ind 18. Gleavo also figured prominently with the ball taking 7 wickets for 15 runs.

Northwich on Saturday visited Grappenliall and batting first scored only 46 runs. The apparently easy task of equalling that score was however beyond the home team who were easily defeated. The first eleven would have done well to retain the services of some of the batsmen who went with the second contingent to Northwich and there totalled 144 in reply to a total of 102.

Warrington's preservers of the peace had a close fight •vith the Co-operative team on Tuesday and were beaten by three runs. Hayes was the most successful blue taking six wickets and scoring 7 runs, the second highest score for his side.

Bowling. WARRINGTON WORKS COMPETITION.

The Works Competition is now nearing the end as to-day (Saturday) the semi-final will be decided. Four teams are left in and are Pearson and Knowles (No. 1.) Longford, Fletchers and Whitecross (No. 1.) and I am venturing upon a prophesy that last year's champions will retain that honour, in spite of the fact that a forecast which I made last week in anticipating the defeat of Fletchers in the third round by the London and North- Western men was inaccurate. instead of being beaten Fletchers won fairly easily and threaten to seriously contest the leadership.

Both teams were confident of victory but the faith of the railway men was considerably shaken %hen T. Bridge disposed of A. Peters in most summary fashion. Peters was regarded as certain to contribute to the London and North-Western success and his defeat was rather a shock to his colleagues but he had met with more than his match. .7. Nlercer made a slightly better show in that he doubled Peters' score of two, and C.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Athletic Successes._

At the Wallasey Charities Carnival at New Brighton Tower grounds on Saturday, J. S. Benyon, of Chester, the world's amateur kilometre champion,won the one lap bicycle handicap from scratch in 39 3-5 see., and the five miles scratch race for the Wallasey Licensed Victuallers' Challenge Cup, value 25 guineas, in 12min. 3-ssec. In the former race C. Berry, of Warrington, eame in third from the 18 yards mark, and was second to Benyon in the five miles scratch race. At the same meeting, H.:Nl:untield, of Warring- ton, won the second prize in the half-mile bicycle race from the 54 yai cis triark.C. J. Straw,of Warrington,ran in the one mile Northern Counties Athletic Association Championship, but WaS nnplaced, the victor being J. Roberts, of Sefton Harriers.

WILFUL DAMAGE. At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, Francis King, 17, Dial street, was charged with breaking a plate glass window in the Lord Rodney Inn, doing damage to the extent of ,C 2 ss. Sergeant Barnett said he saw prisoner standing close to the window and heard a smash of glass. On going up he found that prisoner had thrown a bottle through the window. Prisoner was sent to gaol for two months with hard labour.

When asked at Stratford on Wednesday if he a-ere guilty of drunkenness, James Collins made an unusual reply. "If the constable says so." he said. "I have never know a policeman to tell a lie."

===== 0002601_19050729_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE SHIP CANAL.

THE CORPORATION AND TRADERS' ACTION.

A Distinction Drawn Between Plaintiffs.

JUDGMENT OF THE HOUSE OF LORDS.

The House of Lords gave judgment on Monday in the appeal of Messrs, Joseph Crosfleld and Sens James Fairclough and Sons, Mark Hill and Co., and other traders and manufacturers carrying on business at War- rington and the Mayor and Corporation of Warrington the respondents being the Manchester Ship Canal Com- pany. The appeal was from an order of the Court of , Appeal reversing a decision of Mr. Justice Byrne on a , question raising a point of law—namely, whether the laigh Court had, or had not, jurisdiction to entertain the question. The action was brought principally to recover certain tolls paid to the Canal Company on the ground that certain dredging operations imposed by statute on that company had hot been fulfilled. The Lord Chancellor, in giving judgment, said :—ln this case the preliminary question of competence is alone before us. I agree entirely with what Lord Justice Cozens-Hardy has said, and I have nothing to , add to what he said. I Lord Macnaghten said that it was no wonder that the i preliminary question as to competency, which was I argued fully before their lordships, led to much differ- ence of opinion in the courts below. The provisions of the Manchester Ship Canal Acts of 1885 and 1896 as to arbitration were so various and inconsistent that it ; was impossible to arrive at a conclusion which could be regarded as satisfactory from every point of view. The question was raised for the first time when the parties went to trial. It did not seem to have been argued very seriously before Mr. Justice P.yrne, who tried the case. Mr. Justice Byrne's opinion was that the provision contained in sub-section 22 of section 88 of the Act of ;885 would have been I enough to oust the jurisdiction of the court if it had not been for the introductory words of the section, which declared that the provisions that followed shonla i have effect, "unless otherwise agreed on between the Corporation and the company." The learned Judge thought that the parties might waive a provision which they were authorised to alter by agreement. There was a good deal to be said for that view, but he was not I satisfied that mere omission to insist on a statutory I provision should not have effect. The enactment at the ;commencement of section 88 seemed to require some- thing more that tacit abandonment. Upon appeal, the decision of Mr. Justice Byrne as to competency was reversed by a majority of the mut. The action, so far as it was brought by the Corporation, was dismissed. So far as it was brought by the traders, it was stayed till further order. For some reason which he did not quite understand, Lord Justice Vaughan Williams held that the provision in sub-section 22 of section 88 in the Act of 1885 was not one of the pro- visions which the Corporation and the company were competent to deal with by agreement, and that the jurisdiction of the court as between the Corporation and the company was ousted by sub-section 22. With- out expressing a decided opinion as to whether the traders hail independent rights which they could enforce, Lord Justice Vaughan Williams came to the conclusion that such rights, if they existed, could not be enforced unless and until the default of the company had been established in an arbitration between the taorporation and the company. Lord Justice Vaughan Williams did not think it necessary to consider section 202 of the Act of 1885, which enacted that, if any question should "arise between the company and any person touching anything to be done or not to be done, or any money to be paid, under the provisions of the Act, then, unless by the Act otherwise expressly provided, such question should be "determined by arbitration in manner pro- vided by the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845." Lord Justice Stirling agreed with Lord Justice Vaughan Williams in his view of sub-section 22, and in the general result of his opinion, though he thought the traders were entitled to enforce the provisions in their favour contained in section 88, but he relied mainly, if not entirely, on section 202, which Lord Justice Vaughan Williams left out of consideration. On the other hand, Lord Justice Cozens-Hardy, while agreeing that the I LULLABY. jurisdiction of the court was ousted as between the Corporation and the Company, held that the traders had Through Sleepy-Land doth a river flow. statutory rights which they could enforce independently On its further banks wrate daisies grow; of the Corporation, and that they were not compelled And snow-white sheep, in woolly floss, to resort to arbitration or to await the result of arbitra- Must, one by one, be ferried across. tion between the Corporation and the company. It In a little boat they safely ride seemed to him that the Corporation should be struck To the meadows green, on the other side. out as co-plaintiffs with the traders, but that the action ; Lullaby, sing lullaby. should proceed as between the traders and the company, I and that the company should pay the traders their costs The boatman comes to carry the sheep both here and below except so far as such costs had In his little boat to the Land of Sleep; been increased by making the Corporation co-plaintiffs. Upon his head is a poppy wreath; Lord James of Hereford said that, upon the hearing His eyelids droop, and his eyes beneath of the cause before Mr. Justice Byrne, it was submitted that the arbitration provisions contained in the original HowAredrmowansy sheep doth the baby see y from counting, "One, two, three,"— Ship Canal Act of 1885, and in an agreement affirmed in a subsequent Act, so completely ousted the jusisdiction I Lullaby, sing lullaby. of the court that even the assent of the parties could One little sheep has gone over the stream; not give power to the court to hear and determine the They press to the bank. How eager they seem! i matters n dispute, and this preliminary objection had Two little sheep, alone on the shore,— now been dealt with. Proceeding, his Lordship said: Only two sheep, but he's bringing one more; Aftcr considerable hesitation T have come to the con- Three little sheep, in -the flowery fields, elusion that the judgment given by Lord Justice Cozens- the grass which aieepy-Land yields. Hardy is correct, and that it ought to be followed. I , Cropping Lullaby, sing lullaby. agree with the view entertained by the Court of Appeal ' as between the Corporation of Warrington and the Ship Four little, five little sheep now are over; Canal Company. The provisions of the Act of 1885 and Six little, seven little sheep in the clover,— theagreement of 1896(conflrmed by the;Act of that date) Deep in the honey-sweet clover they stand. being duly considered, the result isthat the provisions Eight little, nine little sheep, now they land; of sub-section 22 of section 88 of the Act oflBBs amounts Ten, and eleven and twelve little sheep!— to an ouster of the jurisdiction of the ordinary courts, and that the tribunal created by that subscription alone _ And baby, herself, is gone with them, to sleep ! can determine the matters now in difference between Lullaby, sing lullaby. the Corporation and the Canal Company. But I agree with Lord Justice Cozens-Hardy in holding that the THE STORY OF THE MORNING- case of the traders individually stands upon different GLORY SEED- ground. The traders are not mentioned in the provisions I have referred to. But it is argued that section 202 A little girl one day in the month of May of the Act of 1885 places them in the same position as dropped a morning-glory seed into a small hole the Corporation of Warrington, cud that, equally in res- in the ground and said: "Now, Morning-glory pect to the traders the jurisdiction of the court is Seed, hurry and grow, grow, grow until you are ousted. For the reasons given by the Lord Justice Ido a tall vine, covered with pretty green leaves and not accept this view, and although I think that the Cor- lovely trumpet-flowers." But the earth was very poration may for some purposes represent the traders, I dry, for there had been no rain for a long time, cannot agree that because the Corporation must proceed by arbitration that therefore the traders must do so and the lying patiently in the small hole for e poor wee seed could not grow at all. So, after also. Each of these traders may have an independent claim for damages, yet would not be entitled to appear nine long days and nine long nights, it said to upon an arbitration between the Corporation and the the ground around it: "0, Ground, please give Canal Company. I therefore think that the traders are me a few drops of water to soften my hard entitled to proceed in the action, and tbat so far the brown coat, so that it may burst open and set appeal should succeed ; and I agree ivith Lord Macnagh- free my two green seed-leaves, and then I can ton's view as to costs. begin to be a vine!" But the ground said: "That you must ask of the rain." I So the seed called to the rain: "0, Rain, please come down and wet the ground around me, so that it may give me a few drops of water. Then will my hard brown coat grow softer and softer, until at last it can burst open and set free my two green seed-leaves, and I can begin to be a vine!" But the rain said: "I cannot, unless the clouds hang lower." So the seed called to the clouds: "0, Clouds, please hang lower, and let the rain come down and wet the ground around me, so that it may give me a few drops of water. Then will my

I was pleased to get a little, note from Dorothy Starke. She tells me that she is stay- ing in Norfolk. lam pleased to hear from any of you, telling me of ,visits made to differ- ent parts of the country. I know Norfolk and Suffolk very well, and nave spent many days on the beautiful rivers and broads; you children living in other parts of England have no idea of these lovely places. On a bright summer day thousands of butterflies are seen flitting among the ferns. Beautiful flowers abound everywhere. On the other hand, very few places are equal to Devonshire in my estimation. You will remember that I have not long returned from my holiday. Well, I went from Lond9n straight down to Penzance, this place is nearly at the extreme end of Corn- wall, as, of course, you all know.- Some of us went across to the Scilly Isles. These are lovely islands; flowers and ferns grow almost like in a tropical country., Then we went to Ilfracombe, Exeter, Dawlish, Torquay, and back to London. . _

This week I have received a very nice letter from a member in Burton. I give this below, and I am sure that my little friends will not mind this. I will give a prize volume to the child first sending the correct answer to the paragraph, entitled "Rather Contradictory." With all good wishes from UNCLE NED.

An "Ironclad" Keyless Lever Black Watch, marvellous timekeeper, dust-proof, highest perfection, supplied by Messrs. R. L. Christie, Edinburgh. Value, one guinea:

ALSO BO PRIZE VOLUMES will be given to the boys and girls under, 16 who secure the largest number of members for the "Children's Corner League' before August

• 110 10. ' Ll'47 . • An eacellent Food. admtrably adapted • to the wants of infanta and yowls persona " 71.. —Ste CHARLES A. CAMERON. C.. 13.. M.D.. 2 Professor of Chennstry, R.C.5.1., Medical .05 Officer of Health for Dublin, . lt, PURVEYORS By SPECIAL APPOINTMENT • U) t1.1.M. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA. Alrs . :i '1.5 .., ±; , f,

Aswan

mmigk

hard brown coat grow softer and softer, until at last it can burst open and set free my two green seed-leaves, and I can begin to be a. vine!" But the clouds said: "The sun must hide, first." So the seed called to the sun: "0, Sun, please hide for a little while, so that the clouds may hang lower, and the rain come down and wet the ground around me. Then will the ground give me a few drops of water, and my hard brown coat grow softer and softer until at last it can burst open and set free my two green seed-leaves and I can begin to be a vine I " " I will," said the sun; and he was gone in a flash. _ _ _ _

Then the clouds- began to hang lower and lower, and the rain began to fall faster and faster, and the ground began to get wetter and wetter, and the seed-coat began to grow softer and softer, until at last open it burstl—and out came two bright green seed-leaves, and the Morning-glory Seed began to be a Vine!

===== 0002601_19050729_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
RATHER CONTRADICTORY.

A school teacher asked her children lately if any of them could give a common English word whibh is defined as " confined or restrained," and also as "going, or ready to go," and 4` to spring, or to leap."

, Then, before they could reply, she told them that she held in her hand something that was (this word) very neatly and tastefully; "and in it,"-she added: "I notice that a boy remarked: 'I am (this word) to go swim- ming to-day.'" Whereupon, Bessie Scott, one of the scholars, said with a laugh: "And I can (this word) any hedge in Derbyshire."

Let me 'hear' from you concerning this word.

SOLUTIONS TO PUZZLES. Diamond— LAD JANE. D E N

Word-making Puzzle— (a) Spin, nips, snip, pins. (b) Lead, lade, deal, dale. (c) Snap, pans, span, naps. (d) Leap, peal, plea, pale. (e) Mate, meat, team, tame. (f) Rats, star, arts, tars. Square Word— EARL ALOE ROSE LEES Cab-i-net.

Charade—

Geographical Letter— Caroline, Hope, James, Adelaide, Gilbert, Farewell, Florence.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WEAK BACKS OF MOTHERS Are Strengthened, by DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS.

"My back was so weak that carrying a pail would send excruciating pains throu,,,h me," stated Mrs. Brown, Bushel-lane, Soham, near Ely, to a "Cambridge- shire Times" reporter, "and not until I had taken Dr. Williams' Pink Pills did I regain the strength Iso urgently needed." "It was after my first girl was born," she continued, "that I became so very ill. The child was weakly, and I could get little rest. The anxiety was too much for me, and I felt so low-spirited and weak that I could do nothing in the house. Doctors medicines; still no relief from my terrible weak state. My appetite left me and dreadful pains shot through my bead. I grew so low through nervous debility that my husband did not like to leave me alone. One night I fainted six times, and he thought I was dying. Sometimes a numbness from head to toe would come over me. "I was in this awful plight when having heard Are Browit,Soham,wasctdej of the great merits weakness and pains in the 'bac o• Dr. Williams' Pink by Dr. Williams' rink Pak. Pills, I determined to try them. My husband bought a box ; I took them according to directions, and am confident they were the cause of my regaining robust health. From the first my appetite improved and the pain diminished. Very soon 1 was strong enough to do my own work, and my cure steadily progressed until it was complete. More than that, it has remained permanent." There is new strength and health for weakened tired- out mothers in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People 1 Thousands of women have testified to their value also in Anremia, Indigestion, Palpitations, Consumption, Rheumatism, Neuralgia, and the ailments that the weaker sex try to disregard. For men they are the finest nerve tonic, having cured Early Decay, Sciatica, Paralysis, and Locomotor Ataxy. To obtain the genuine, look for full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on every package. Sold by most dealers, or in case of doubt send 25.9 d. for one box, or 13s. 9d. for six boxes, to Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn-viaduct, London.

An old man who was recently an inmate of the Bas ford Workhouse, Nottinghamshire, has been found to possess building society shares worth £144. The guar- diani will seize it as payment for the man's maintenance

attended me; I tried many _ , "

===== 0002601_19050729_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
CIIILDB:

ilst, 1905. Forms for securing members wi sent to any reader forwarding stamped enve to "Uncle Ned." Write for the form to and get all your friends to join. Thei nothing to pay, but splendid prizes to be ga

• Burton-on-Tre: DEAR UNCLE NED,—I was never so n deliglited before, when I saw the Child; Corner appear in the "Gazette." I at

once came to the conclusion that someone cared for the children. It has, so far, been bright and chatty. I thought of you when you were away on your holidays. I hope you had a very nice time of it. We are to have our holidays on Thursday, and a month following, so we shall have plenty of time to make out the puzzles which appear in the "Gazette." I take a very great interest in the Corner, and I shall do my very best to improve it. I agree with the motto very well, and I think it is our duty to keep up the friendship which shOuld exist between us. I think it would be very nice for us to correspond with each (Abel:. I hope you will mention this to the members in the Children's Corner. I am not surprised to 'hear that your bag gets heavier week by week, for you write such interesting letters to your members. I notice that the number of members still increases, and I hope for the Corner's speedy success. lam a v•ery great lover of the game of cricket, and I took special interest in the three Test Matches already played. I daresay you will like to know a little about my pets. I have Several pigeons, chief of which is the •" Boy Bugler," My eat is called "Mary." I have nine pigeons. I should like you to write in your letter next Saturday a description of your holidays. I do so much like reading about people's outings. I can send you pieces of poetry to print in your 'paper, if you wish. The children who have already been fortunate enough to win one of these book prizes ought to be proud of them. I am sure you are very grateful in giving away so many valuable prizes. Although I have not yet conquered some of the puzzles, I hope to do sd soon if I keep at them. I think it will be very nice for you to receive ideas from the members for improving your Cotner. • I remain, yours sincerely, P. J. C. P.S.—More wishes for the Corner's success.

i gowr,. ..trk:Z. CP ''. Eill 1 i7O c tszi,, ",,,,,, ..,rO4 ^ er ... ~• -`N fiNT,. :',e,- •"..okiji J ' .••',Xi,./ ‘i li' '',;' i.V.- • ~.. ..'ffs',' 'e .. ~.- .r.-. 7-iii. .., ... ....:tr"". ..,...1 Q. ~ „..,... 7.5 .4, ..-....,... ';..;• ::,. ~.- '1,..1 '' - ...:: ... ..-. ',.....1 s, ~e.- ~.„. ....-., ~,.., , : - ... ..... .:. ~,... .„.,,,,...,:,..,_?..,,, ..:,... : .... -..,- 0 •-.;,.t 1 ' —•;••••• • :,i.p.. . ... ''") •,,s•—•• ". •:"24.,,:ix-n..' -f.—.••••••: *--.. el .., r .i...- . .',. lipf,.7, .-• • ~..-1::,...._ • 4.. c ..0", ....,4 .- • ':-,. , . .N 4 ,_,. ,A.if,-,A, . .::•; :,,, ',V,:•'..T.? ,'i,. Lco. ..4,.. L . ;,... 4•;1/4 • ,x,. , , -....,:;....;: 4.....- 1.:;:'`-i'',1!iL'.:,t4i.v.i??104. 'siil::,:-..,- ..':',,.;'-' ...'„ ..:4".1.14::.• 2:Zit'w....-4. ---- -,4-.... 4,:,-E:• f ..-:'A.--. % ';WIt;-.-ti.*' '' : „ 410•.'•:,---0-- :-;,.i.:,-. 1 ...- ..,, -.,..,.. - .... ..,:.„.„,.. v•,,,4 . ie • - • ''r‘. •, ' - ~,,le 4. ' :_,-1 . .64 , . ;•!,•:: ~, ~••. . 4,...., ....,.0.5;744.-.. ~,. ' -,,,..., , .----- 1 ::",•. 't..4, ~.., 'AM.:1:4,21t.', I,z;-.'" lir r 3: '.:IS ... e 1 : • ''' i ~.,...•;".• .::-...fr... . t• ‘ ,0-4-W9-0 • • I # .4' ~,, I..Vi, .A , -'''''' -- ~.; —lt L, -- - 44,, *,, , \lt -'7 '" ‘ :OA " ~., DEAR - tEN,—

===== 0002601_19050729_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
IS BABY CROSS

- beeanue of ECZEMA or Stow Izarrarton ? !f so, One BOX Of GRANNIE OINTMENT will effect a Speedy Cure. A little at night is baby's delight. A mother at Leytonstone, Essex, writes :—'' Grannie Ointment has quite cured Baby's eczema. I have tried several other creams, but they only relieved, whereas Grannie Ointment quite cured." Also Cures Bad Legs, Wounds, Ulcers, Acc., like Magic. Boxes, 14 Stamps, Post Pres. Send Post Card for FREE SAMPLE BOX,

. mentioning tht: paper. to GRANNIE CO., NORWICH.

4111•161

CALEY'S

smissqk

liflilk Chocolate. BRITISH AND BEST.

The Finest Sweetmeat for Children.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
ill be elope -da7, re Is lined.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
?.nt. much iren's

===== 0002601_19050729_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

7 4

===== 0002601_19050729_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_19050729_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
CYCLING GOSSIP.

BY THE CLUBMAN.

This week I occupy my column of Cycling Gossip with an account of the great reocird ride which has just taken place, and of which the whole cycling and sporting world is talking. . On the morning of Tuesday, 18th July, a small group of persons met outside the Land's End Hotel to witness the start of an attempt by Mr. G. A. 011ey, of the Anerley Bicycle Club, to beat the Land's End to John o' Groats cycle record. Among those present were Messrs. E. A. Browne, of Penzance; R. P. Conch, of Penzance; A. Price, of Birmingham; W. H. Poole, R.R.A. timekeeper, of Liverpool; Buckley. of the Anfield Bicycle Club; and a few local residents.

E STA.

was made at 8 o'clock in a slight .sbpwer, which

• soon wetted the record-breaker and his _followers

to the skin. When Penzance was reached, at 8.38, the rider was 2 minutes in front of schedule, and it was still raining; but at Ilcdrutix (27 miles) the rain had ceased, and the rider was 5 minutes in front of the schedul

At this point Mr. A. B. Rowe, of St. Day, a well. local cyclist, gave to the rider his first refreshment 'on the machine. as. Shown in our sketch abOve. The rider did not stop, -and the process of handing up the milk and food was carried out in a very, deft and workmanlike manner. Truro was passed at 10.25, and at St. Columb, which was reached at 11.36, Mr. 011ey was going strongly, and apparently in splendid condition. Two or three local cyclists had gathered at St. Kew Highway to indicate the road, and this poiht was passed at 12.35, 12 minutes inside schedule time.

It is one of the rules under which these records are competed for that no pace-makers are allowed, and those who are assisting in the ride mast never approach closer than 100 yards to him while he is mounted on the machine; therefore at different places along the road the cyclists who came out to assist passed the rider, then turned end followed, keeping their' distance, and waiting an opportunity t.to render any assistance they might be able to give. At Okehanipton the rider was just inside his schedule time, and at Exeter, which was reached at 6 o'clock, he was 1 hour in front of record, the distance up to this point being 1254 miles. Bristol 210 miles, was reached at midnight, three hours in front of record. At Bristol Mr. 011ey was massaged by a noted local masseur, of whose services the rider speaks in the highest terms. Shortly after leaving Bristol, some 13 miles from Gloucester, the rider met with his 6, ' ;hap,

i I 1 1 I

of the ride occurring, which necessitated a stoppage of some 12 or 13 minutes. At this point 01ley changed on to a new machine, which he had pre- viously ordered for the ride, although at the last moment j.ust before the start he decided to use an old machine, which had previously been ridden by him in gaining the London to Edinburgh cycle record.. The new machine immediately showed its superiority to the old one, and all the rest of the ride, a distance of 657 miles, this machine' behaved most splendidly, going through without .breakage or trouble of any kind, not even a punc- ture, in spite of extremely bad roads which were encountered later on in the North of Scotland. Now and again along the road, as the ride pro- ceed there might be seen an excited cyclist timing the progress of the ride, watch in hand, who, shouting and

would indicate how much the rider was in front of record.

At Gloucester Mr. 01ley showed a remarkable wish to go to sleep; but was persuaded' to con- tinue the ride, after a bath and rubbing with olive oil.. 011ey had designed to ride for the first 36 hours without sleep, and he was successful in doing this. The way now passed through Tewkes- bury 248 i miles,. Worcester 264 miles. Kidder- minster 274 miles, Dridgnorth 289 inils, Tarporley ri4ti miles, Wan ington 368 miles, Lancaster 420 Carnforth 426 wiles, to Kendal 442 miles, Wnich was reached at 8.30 P.M. on Wednesday, the rst sleeping-place. At 2.40 A.M. on Thursday a fresh s!art was made, after the rider had been medically examined, and reported in first-class condition to continue his journey. At this point (442 miles) he was-51 hours in front of record, and good progress was now made until Edinburgh was reached, at 5 minutes past 3, the rider being then if hours ahead of record, -10 minutes in front of his schedule, and the distance being 682 miles from the start.

While waiting for the 4 o'clock ferry boat the rider took a bath at the hotel, near Granton Ferry, after which the journey was continued through Perth to Blair • Athole, which was reached at 11.45 on Friday night, after an extremely .trying ride in the darkness on the mountain passes, with many miles of pine forests, which made the riding extremely uncomfortable and depressing. 011ey took very little food, and went almost immediately to sleep, and had to be stripped, 4ponged, and massaged as he slept. The next morning at 2.45 he was again in the saddle, riding in first-class style, for Inverness, Which was (Illy reached at 1 o'clock on Friday, 81. hours -ahead of record. After a short rest at Inverness, Kessock Ferry was crossed in a special small boat, and 011ey, who had previously sprained his ankle, found considerable relief from bathing it in the waters of the Firth as the ferry was crossed. •

Up to this point all had gone satisfactorily, but immediately upon leaving Kessock Ferry a great Lead ,wimLiindikturrukazose. which lasted hour after

IN BUYERS.

Bargains In Bicycle., lighoot Grade, Most Me Quality, at Loweat I on Record, write for !pedal Offer of

ttn°4lEo.l9 _2.1:97:11 As,:•4 , • • 4.1 II! • /Cft— tr• • Re•-rk ••

Je. ' A.i . It' 7x45" ' *st J.C, 44',- .),-----'l4l, :4.1A —.'''''. ' ' • k P \ , • - •,--04.',1r;:ii ..„.16_, . j \,....._. - " Ti: FIRST DRINK.

rst mis ark z --,:.-;*:;• 4 ',I '. . lt,--"V‘7 4,„,.' '"--- - ".• ,-. ?), 41 . 'c. 14 s. AA,/ ..," THE ONLY PUNCTURE

be' - ikY f 'or

HOLDING UP HIS HAND,

===== 0002601_19050729_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW RAPID CYCLES

A 3 3 foAjiowed for any Old Cycle. It matters not how old, or what make when taken 'auk, for one of our spl•ndul 1140.5 Machines. 'h Free_ Wheel, Two RIM Brakes, Best Improvements. Write for Full Details.

exchnioge -4 with

Tits NEW HAPII) CYCLE Ca., Lo., 165, SPKINU 1-1111„111, ; 164 a, Reyna Slaters Rond.. London, ; and 92,

TO BARGA . • Per Reel the Mg .elve Reliable Prices r our Sp

Tyres, and all Modern our 1005 Catalogue with

I

===== 0002601_19050729_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Shaudwick rlce, Edil;burgh•

flour. 'Althotigh the rider plocineu on stuthorniy, only very slow progress could be made, and the wheels sank inches deep.into the heavily -soddened roads. After sonic time shelter was taken in a fisher- man's cottage for an bour for the purpose of drying clothes, but immediately upon leaving this shelter, the rider and the whole party were we through in a ft..w moimmts. Under these dream stances it is not to be wondered that it was 4.1:.‘ on Saturday morning when Mr. Olief reached John o' Groats, having beaten the record by 11 hours 15 minutes, his total time' for the journey being 8 days, 20 hours and 15 minutes.

One of the most remarkable things in connexion with this ride was the manner in which the bicycle, which was a New Hudson, fitted with a Hub Two-Speed Gear, behaved. For the first time on a record ride ot this kind the machine gave no trouble whatever; there were no breakages, and not even a puncture after leaving Gloucester. And that this should have been so upon such extremely bad roads, and under such• conditions as were encountered in the latter part of the road, speaks volumes for the excellent workmanship and high- class material which is used ih these famous machines.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DREAD OF FOOD.

Weak Stomach, Lost Appetite, Bodily Weakness, Flatulence' and Despondency Cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup.

In 1595, on December 27th, Mrs. Harriet Wright, of 22, Woodville Place, Hunslet, Leeds, sent a letter to the proprietors of Mother Seigel's remedies, telling of how she had suffered for years from weak stomach, indiges- tion, loss of appetite, dread of food, wind in the sac of the stomach, great bodily weakness, and a despondent, hopeless feeling. In 1893 her sufferings became very severe, and at times she collapsed and appeared to be dying. In spite of the efforts of several doctors to aid her, shs grew intensely nervous, so weak that she could not walk, and was fed on brandy, wine, milk and other light stimulants. In one of these collapses she turned almost black, and the doctors said she had heart disease. At Ilast she used Mother Seigel's Syrup, and within a week ' felt so much benefit that the pain about her heart passed away, and she could take food without distress. Soon afterwards.she was quite well. On November 21 last, or ten years after her first letter, she again wrote to the proprietors saying :—" It is a real pleasure to me to tell you how well I have been ever since my almost miraculous cure by Mother Seigel's Syrup. My health has really been surprising, and considering how very ill I was when I commenced taking the Syrup, I think my experience proves its efficacy in cases of indigestion. "I had been under five doctors, and had taken bottle after bottle of other medicine without the least benefit, but getting rather worse all the time. I did not expect to recover, yet Mother Seigel's S3nip cured me thoroughly and permanently. I can never speak too highly of it."

===== 0002601_19050729_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. An Antrobus Well.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural District Council was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were ,present Messrs. S. Woodward (presiding) C. Roylance, J. Bolshaw, H. Eyes, A. H. Talbot, T. Baxter, H. M. Davies, J. H. Davies, J.Smith,T. Wright, T. Guest, W. Harrison, G. Pilling, J. L. Jones J. Fryer, .1. Spruce, J. Whitley, C. E. Linaker, jun., Admiral Jones. Parry, W. Weir, J. B. Chadwick, J. T. Ashton (clerk) W. E. Hough (assistant clerk) J. Swinton and W.Diggle (surveyors), J. Farrington, (inspector), and Dr. Adams (medical officer).

AN ANTROBIIS WELL. A complaint was read from Mr. Gerard Eaton, of Cambridge Terrace, Hyde Park, W.,in reference to Pole- lane end pump, Antrobus. Mr. Eaton said he was in- formed by his tenants that before the Council interfered the water was bcautiful and clear like gin, but that since the Council had taken it over and cleaned (?) the well it had been nasty, thick, oily reddish stuff not tit for pigs to drink." This description seemed to Mr. Eaton to be very apt, though be might have expressed it differently. Now that the pump was open the chil- dren regarded it as a plaything,and were always troubling the water, and evidenced a lack of reverence for con- stituted authority. Since the parents demanded free education and the children free amusements, he wondered whether in the end it would not be cheaper if the Coun- cil were to provide them with a pair of parrallel bars and a swing, or the sign post by the well, and so direct their attention from the pump. In conclusion, Mr. Eaton asked the Council to restore the water to its original purity. • Mr. Farrington stated that the fault lay in the water not having yet settled since the well was cleaned out. It was gradually settling and had considerably improved when he examined it the previous day. The children would be told that they must not tamper with thr well. • The Clerk was instructed to write to Mr. Eaton stating that the matter was receiving attention. MR. SWINTON REPROVED. Mr. Woodward said his attention bad been called to an entry in Mr. Swinton's diary, Having explained his work in the morning Mr. Swinton said he spent the rest of the morning entering up this nonsensical diary. In making an expr3ssion of that description with reference to a decision of the Council he thought Mr. Swinton had exceeded his duty and had presumed upon his position and he would be remiss if he did not reprove him. Whatever the Council decided it was the duty of the °facers to guiltly acquiesce wnatever their opinion.

ANONYMOUS COMPLAINTS. Dr. Adams said he had received a number of anony- mous letters complaining of the state of a sewer at Weston Point. it was his intention to disregard any letters which were unsigned and if there was a real grievance, as there was in that instance, persons should have the courage to sign their names to the letters which they sent. Mr. Woodward : The Medical Officer is quite in the right in ignoring anonymous communications.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 29, 1905.

gradients. The sceuery i 3 to my mind more changeful and we ht.viring on the Albula how- ever.

From Tiefenkasten to 'Mush; by the Schyn Road is my favourite pass, although quite a small one. in Switzerland. It Ties in, engineer- ing skill Ivith the more renowned Via Male, but personally I consider it much its superior as regards scenery. Anyhow my readers can make the comparison if they choose, for the latter pass commences where the former ends, namely, at Thusis, and a morning can be very pleasantly spent in exploring the Via Mak as far as the second bridge, beyond which there are not such remarkable points of view. Thusis to Bonaduz is due North and good running, and from here we follow up the Rhine Vally mid are able to ride nearly the whole way to Chiamut at the foot of the Oberalp Pass. Up and over this brings us again to Andermatt Ind we continue right through this village to Realp, leaving the St. Gothard road on our left. There is a good two to three hours' walk beyond Realp over the second highest carriage road in Europe, the Furka Pass, but a grail% zig-ta descent the other side to the world re- nowned Rhone Glacier and Valley well repays the climb. Down this latter is a grand ran and this is an attractive route to the Simplon and Tete Noire passes. Zermatt, ChamPunix, the Lake of Geneva, etc., s.ud strongly recom- mended.

SOME OF THE SCENERY.

I propose, however, to keep to the Bernese Alps by scaling the newly constructed Grimsel Pass which ascends the mountain sides in long zig-zags with magnificent sweeping turns at either end.

From the summit, past the famous Falls of the Aar at llandeck to within a few miles of Meiringen (where there is a short bill to climb) La practically a " coast" for those who approve of this method of riding and it really is a mag- nificent and exhilarating ride.

Meiringen to Lucerne by the Brunig Pass is eland's play after the higher Passes but none the less picturesque for that. The surface too resembles a cinder track, especially on the Lucerne side, which town we enter frpm an opposite side to that by which we left if, after a comprehensive Alpine tour including ia all ten passes._ .

From Meiringen an alternative route to Bale would have been via Interlaken (for the Jung- frau, Lauterbrtumen Valley and 31iIrren), nun, Berne Bienne the Minister Thal and Delimont. . .

_ All, the 13ale-Calais or Bale-Paris trains stop at Delemont so there is no need whatever to ride the -few miles separating this latter place and Bale, and which owing to the traffic, are badly cut up. To give minute details as to distance, altitudes, gradients, hotels, etc., would here be out of place, the more especially that the capa- bilities and energies of every rider differ. Armed with one's Baedeker and this little resume' a very jolly, inexpensive and health giving trip of from a fortnight's to a month's duration can be arranged and I am sure that anyone who loves grand scenery and grand roads (what cyclist does not ? ) could not do better than give Switzerland a trial this year any time between June and September inclusive. The earliness or lateness of the seasons vary so much from year to year that one cannot say positively, but July and August can be relied on as the best months for. such a trip as I have outlined.

COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to " KeMp'll I Mercantile Gazette," the total number of Commercial Failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, July 21st, was 171, viz. ;—New bankruptcy proceedings published in the London Gazette, 84; deeds of arrangement registered, 87. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were: Bankruptcies, 91; deeds of arrangement 75—total 166; being a decrease of 5. The total number of commercial failures recorded during the 29 weeks of the present year is 5,055 ; the total number recorded in the corresponding 29 weeks of last year was 5,015 showing an increase of 40.

WIE , IR! (Ai IRely 8J11911,3051 yV Aal. Uc Et Al IT, rri u i;, per doe. 14.1 size. Bottles Ere', Boxea free, Carriage paid. hv naming this japer. Price I,st f re?. Preserve thi• advt. Bottles or . 134bY . champagne (gennin • French). 13s. Ter doz. Burgundy lls. per doz. Terms cash 'with order. Goods raurnable If not approved. Reference Ulster Bank, Ltd. Belfast.—C, LOGIN, & CO., LTD. le, Commercial Court, Belfast. .

‹-mw,ImFJ

===== 0002601_19050729_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESTA:VEG.] CYCLING IN THE ALPS

C. F. SIMOND (Author f " Through the Alp on a Cyck," 4c.).

A. few years ago the above heading would have caused the general run of cyclists to scoff and remark :--f` Cycling in Switzerland! Who- ever heard of such madness? One goes to Switzerland to climb mountains and scale heights inaccessible to the cyclist but to bicycle in Switzerland, why the idea is absurd !" This, as I say, was what nine persons out ot every ten used to reply when I, in answer to the enquiry as to where I had spent my holiday, would say that a bicycle tour in "la belle Suisse" had again proved so attractive to me that I had once more wheeled through the Alps much to the benefit of my general health. Bat now as every cycling season comes round, more and more frequenters of Switzerland who have hitherto only cycled at home, include their machine with other luggage" when start- ing for their yearly visit to that lovely country of snowy mountains, forests, lakes, rivers and waterfalls.

It is a well known fact that a trip to Swit- zerland creates an insatiable desire to revisit the country at the first opportunity and I think this would be proved were any of my readers to try a short tour there this year. In SwitzeK- land, as in nearly every other country, one can keep one's expenses within very reasonable limits if one has not the desire to frequent the best hotels, but Switzerland has the advantage over most other countries from the fact that it essentially land of hotels and where catering in all its classes is reduced to a veritable art. Be careful always to fix your inclusive terms be- forehand, otherwise the "extras " very often assume considerable proportions, but no doubt to the genuine touring rider, such a hint will be out of place.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
VIE QUESTION OF-LUGGAGE.

The postal arrangements throughout Switzer- land are as near perfect as possible. One can send almost any weight by post, sa that there is no need to overburden either machine or rider with unnecessary luggage. ljy despatching this in the morning before • starting the day's ride, to one's destination for the night, one will find one's luggage delivered the same day, always providing one has been careful to send aft the parcel before the morning post has gone. This can be usually ascertained from the hall porter and in case one Nis not sure of one's actual hotel for the following stop, the baggage can be sent poste restante. Then. again, telephonic and telegraphic communication all over Switzer- land is very extensive and complete, so that one can easily engage one's room for the night by telephone. I usually carry sufficient on the machine for a night's stay in case of emergencies, and have even on some occasions, where I have not been certain of the roads or accommodation, sent my " gladstone " to a destination some three or four days' ride ahead, and carried my wants on the bicycle ; but then, personally, I do not object to a little extra weight, whereas some think a very light load an absolute sine qua non for a cycling tour. Some years ago, before brakes claimed as much attention, as they very rightly do now, we used to trail a log of wood some three yards behind the machine affixed to the saddle pillar by a piece of string. This is a most effctive method of retarding the bicycle and a useful " tip " to bear in mind in case of need.

THE MACHINE.

As regards the mount itself, be sure it is in good condition, and understand it thoroughly. There are now competent repairers in almost every town of any pretensions at all in Switzer- land, but it will save considerable time and ex- pense to remedy any small defects oneself. I cannot too strongly urge a low gear, 60 at the most, and even for a tandem one of 70 is ample. By the way, this latter form of touring is strongly to be recommended for Switzerland. It is quite a fallacy to imagine that the turns are too sharp on the passes for a multicycle. Of course care is required when descending •strange roads, but then I cannot recommend Switzerland to reckless riders! A tandem is so bandy if there be any pushing ,to be done, (especially if one rider happens to be a the fair sex). Of course in a mountainous , country like Switzerland, there is bound to be & certain amount of walking, although on most of the Passes the gradient is, hardly ever of the " side of-a-house " order and can often as not be negotiated with little extra exertion. I I would recommend intending riders to study their Baedeker before starting on their tour, I for there is nearly always a gradual and a stiff ascent to a Swiss Pass and of course it is pre- ferable to leave the longer and more gradual approach for the descent. The Tipper Engadine is a case in point. Enter it from Italy by the stiff ascent to Alaloja and then you have a clear run of over 75 miles which Is a very slight decline he whole way to 3lar- tinsbriicke, the Austrian Swiss frontier. Think of 75 miles grind and a few short sharp miles' descent brakes on hard all the while as an alternative

SOME OF, TRH norTts.

And now I shall give you a few routes with the " right " order of tackling them. I assume that my readers are all members of the 0.T.0. The advantages to be gained at the various frontiers are very great. It is very advisable to have a little cycling over the plain of Switzerland to get ope in good condition for the passes. Therefore start riding directly the train deposits you in Swit- zerland; let us say for argument's sake at ale.

From this town we shall ride straight to Lucerne which makes an admirable starting point for a number of excursions, and as the St. 1 Gothard is a pass made famous by its won- derful railway and tunnel I propose to attain the Alpine fastnesses by this route. Take the steamer on, or ride round the lake ef the four Cantons to Fluelen and find your- self at the entrance to this celebrated road. One can ride a good part of the 26 miles up the valley that brings one to the northern end of the tunnel, Goeschenen, and, whence it is but a few miles to Andennatt via the celebrated Devil's Bridge. From here there is a choice of three , Alpine routes and by following my itinerary it is possible to see all in turn. Continue over the St: Gothard pass through Airolo, the scene of a great landslip, and thence down the Faido valley (On a pertect road - to Bellintona. Now make for Lugano situated on the lovely lake of that name and whence you are bound to take the steamer to Porlezza, there being no road in this direction round this pretty little lake. Before embarking, however, pass the Customs on the Quay, and give your- self plenty of time for this manceuvre. Porlezza to Menaggio consists of about five miles gradual ascent and then what cannot be avoided in this case, a somewhat stiff descent of a couple of miles. The road round the lake of Como on which Menaggio is situated, is splendid going and proves a very interesting and picturesque ride to Colico. The route now leads through Chiavenna and mounts for the most part to Casaccia at the foot of the Maloja Pass above referred to, the frontier having bees negotiated en route at Castasegne. ' Although on occasions one can get through the requisite formalities in a very little while, it is always advisable to allow oneself plenty of time when a frontier is to be included in the day's work. From Casaccia there is a stiffish ascent to lialoja and now before us is the valley of the Upper Engadine.. A good road runs along several mountain lakes to St. Moritz and by continuing straight along this valley one descends the 75 miles of splendid road above mentioned to Martinsbriicke. Here we cross the river Inn into Austria and start a climb to Nauders.

Tilt HIGHEST ROAD VI EUROPE.

--------- At this small town - commences the Stelvio route, the highest road in Europe and well worth the long climb to its smnmit. which seldom altogether free uom snow. The run down to Bormio on the Italian side is superb and unequalled anywhere in the Alps.. To re-enter the Engadine, we must leave , this valley and negotiate the Bernina Pass. This is not at all a difficult one and once the summit is reached, there is a splendid run down to Pontresina with the wind almost invariably at one's back. The beauties of the Allier and Albula Passes render it difficult to decide which to take, but I think on the whole the latter is more to be recommended. Both ultimately lead to Tiefenk- asten and are ecnial iu reaucct of mad,.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
• " ..4 e 4 t "'S'°.

pays go buy fiao ZEST and

This unrivalled medicine will do more to build up robust health and maintain it than any ot! —med They are unequalled for SLUGGISH LIVER,

SICK-HEADACHE

INDIGESTION,

===== 0002601_19050729_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
LOSS OF APPETITE

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DAD° MOULDINGS. Ongliah and Foreign Picture Frames. Bvery requisite for the trade. RegiMing d Speciality. Largeat of Kouidings in the Kingdom. send for PaTTISRN BUM 16) pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for i 2 Penny stamps. IMPONTBIt OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FRBE ON APPLICATION.

H. MORELL, 11, 181 GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LOROON, W.C. Werehousee : 11, 12:end 13, Reet's Yard, end 41, Neal Street, (In the rear). Telepraphla Address:—" Rabbitry, London." I Telephone 6135 Central

- la a wonderful water prooter t BOOTS & HAhNE,S. So D f a es9tens and preserves the leather GOLD MEDAL Ph-as:nut odour allow polian• Jog with blaekin‘. IiXHIBITI 0 ..4 131 GH EST AWAta)S. fists ad.. 6d., r on• &a 6 of Boot Makers, Saddie,s, Iroraeorg-ess Dubbin ,c. /if anszfactort East Diaanth Leaden

_ • ;TIRED misw. When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Electritt Belts, write to 'Sc, and I will send you a Book, which shows bow every man, young and old. may he quickly and thoroughly cured of NIrEVOITSNES, EXHAUSTION, VA EICCIDELIC, and DRBILITY, from any cause whatever, WITHOUT STOMACH MEDIC:NV, or EIACTILICITY. Hundreds of cures Book rent sealed,pcst fr,e, for two stamDA.—A. 7. LEIGH, 92 and 93,0reat Russell tit., London, W.C. Over seventeen years' successful results. r BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED LAUNDRY c.:1!1,*r.7.1. AND DAIRY i ardrFi6Oir.GoprldizetASmil,reardr.M. eclat; ' Catalogues Post Free. MACHINERY. We_nging S Mang.ti g L Machines. Laundry Requisites. "Diaphragm" Churns. Cutter Workers. Dairy Appliances. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-143,11igh I 10l born. London; 130. Hold Street, Liverpool; Victoria •vsoue.filanchosteriCrescont IronWorks.Salford

===== 0002601_19050729_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
6019 „t 4.9 .;,j'llt? •t) 4t 9 &0.19 a 1110, 0111)* Yla:StV‘i?

CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEYINO ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all hard callosities on t soles of the feet If ,nu suffer try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes 1/14. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Son, Chemists, Chelten

_ IY, 44 ~....=,-.so • f'.',,,,, ' N - ' c-'. II .. -.7 l''.• ';' ...:. '';'-':

===== 0002601_19050729_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ROWN & CO.,

USINESS . .

ROKERS AND

VALU ERS,

Established 1875.

If you want to buy a genuine Business, or require a partner, from £5 to £5,000, in Liverpool and District—consult us. NO SALE. NO CHARGE.

34, South John Street, (O Lord lifttroot) LIVERPOOL.

3LACARDS. EXTRA LARGE SIZE OUR 1. speciality. TRADE PRINTING of every description.

POSTERS A SPECIALITY. JOHN WaKER & CO. RICE LISTS Printed on card or paper Illue- rated, 1 f requlred.

rr ELEPHONE 0. 355 Y.

PROGRAMMES FOS FETES,

CONCERTS SOIREES

TEA PARTIES SERMONS MEETINGS &c., Su

BALLS

BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, Ac.. JOHN 'WALKER & CO. RULES PRINTED and BOUND for Oddfellows Foresters, Druids, Shepherds' Sick, Burial. and Trade bocieties.

' MEMORANDA AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION TRUST DERDS AND SHARI% CERTIFICATES RISCUTED AT SHORT NOTIC RS. SPORTS AND BALANCK-SHERTS, PAMPHLETS, TRADE CATALOGUES. AND GENRRAL PRINTING OF LVERT DESCRIPTION AT JOHN WALKER & CO..

===== 0002601_19050729_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
EIVAINBR OFFICII.

BEWSTS SIRF.ET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ALL ENDS OF PRAT

CIRCULMIS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

lIANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song. Festive Is. ac.

pROGRAMM ER fnr Entertainments, Concerts, tec in the latest artistic style.

SICK, RECEIPT, and EURSCHIP; lON BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

eATALOGUE:i fur Public and Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

'INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any Eiza or p‘ttern on bsue, white, or fancy paper

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUC TIONAL WORKS.

pßics LISTS Printed on card or paper Illustrated, If reqdreel

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

DANCES: BAZ&AUS. SPOUTS. TEA PARTIES.

CONCERT. ts ERTINGS. SNRVICE-, ANNOUNCEMENTS.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

'IBLEPHONS 3551 r.

PRIN TERS, BOOKBINDERS

===== 0002601_19050729_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LIBERAL CAMPAIGN. ENTHUSIASTIC MEETING IN ST. JOHN'S WARD.

The conduct of the Liberal campaign in Warrington is being energetically continued and on Wednesday night an enthusiastic meeting was held in St. John's Ward. It had been arranged to hold the gathering in the open air, but on account of the rain which fell heavily an adjournment was made to the Sharp-street mission, which despite the inclemency of. the weather was !crowded, the large attendance being eloquent testimony to the growing popularity of the Liberal cause. 'Mr. G-. Walker presided and was supported by Councillor Maginn, Mr. Neilson, Liberal and Labour candidate for the Newport Division of Shropshire, Mr. J. Howes and others. The CHAIRMAN said that as a convinced Free Trader he had no sympathy with the nostrums of Mr. Joseph Chamberlain. If Mr. Chamberlain was as anxious as he would have us believe he was to improve our conditions, he should turn his attention to the taxation of ground rents and royalties, which rested so heavily upon our manufacturers and industries. (Applause). Councillor NTAG INN, who was accorded a hearty recep- tion, said that a week ago many of them thought they were to have a general election, but their experience of Mr. Balfour should have taught them that there was no honourable standard by which they could measure the length of time he would hold on to the reins of office and mismanage the country. Mr. Balfour would have to give the country an account of his stewardship and when the time came for him to do so they knew perfectly well what the verdict would be, and the punishment they would inflict upon the party which had done what the Tory party had done and reduced the country to the state which it was in at present. (Applause.) The Tory Government with its powerful majority had for the past five years wasted the time of Parliament and increased the number of unemployed in the country. Never within the know- ledge of any man was there a time in the history of the country when there were so many men starving as there were at the present time. That was perfectly well- known, and yet we were told by the Government that an Unemployed Bill could not be introduced this year. The solution of that great problem lay in

LAND REFORM. —(applause)—and that must be the first plank in the Liberal platform if they intended to improve the wretched state of the country. (Applause.) They were bound to insist that the workingpeople of this country should not be driven from the land to the towns. The state of Ireland had a great deal to do with the state of employment in England.By the land laws in that country —lawswhich were passed for the benefit of the land- lords and the grazers—the people were forced to emi,,brate and instead of living comfortably at home they came to England and entered into competition with the English workman. After all what was Home Rule? It was simply that the Irish should be permitted to manage their local affairs as every English borough did, and surely no one could manage local affairs better than the people on the spot. Ireland was a land of ruined homes and farms and instead of main- taining a population of 20,000,000 people as it is per- fectly capable of doing if 01 the available land was placed under cultivation, the population has been reduced to four and a half million souls. With better land laws Ireland could be prosperous and contribute to the taxation of England instead of being, as it was at the present time, a drain upon the imperial exchequer. The welfare of the country was in the hands of the people, and if they only thought for themselves they would never again be LEGGED DOWN BY FALSE PROMISES as they were five years ago by the gentleman who had mismangsd the affairs of the country and managed the affairs of the brewers and the landlords. (Applause.) Mr. NEILSON said it was strange how during the present crisis the government was re-awakening its old cries. They were getting out their old, worn, tattered banners and would ask the people of the country to follow their drum, and give them their votes, and enable them to continue the present state of affairs under the impression that after IS out of the past 20 years of Tory government the people loved to be gulled. The country had not been in such a terrible state as it was at the present time since the repeal of the corn laws. It was not the duty of the Government in the literal sense to feed the starving people of this country, but it was their duty to legislate in such a manner that those people who were hungry were only brought to that state of destitution by an extraordinary combination of events. (Applause). How had the present state of unemployment been brought about ? Take the increase in expenditure. During the past ten years it had gone up from £95,000,000 to £142,000,000. The expenditure on the army had doubled during the period and yet Lord Roberts described the state of the army as being di.,gmceful,and Mr. Arnold Foster said "The condition of the army was a menace to the empire." It was A SCANDAL AND A CRIMINALITY for the Tory Government to continue to increase the amount of money which was spent on a thing, which, in the words of gentlemen able to judge, was worthless to us. (Applause.) We had adopted a two standard power for our navy and spent more money on it than three continental nations put together, but had we got a navy? Our navy used to be a proud tradition but he realized that at the present time all was not well with the navy. The state of things became such that the finest naval expert we possessed, Admiral Sir John Fisher, was called in and he immediately condemned over 100 ships as being obsolete. Most of those vessels had been built during the past 10 years, and many were actually condemned before they were built, and yet that occurred during the administration of a party who said You must not trust these Liberals with your Army and Navy." The enormous amount of money which the Army and Navy took out of our pockets was

THF: CHIEF CAUSE OF BAD TRADE in the country. During the past ten years, according to the Board of Trade estimate, the purchasing power of the sovereign had been reduced by 2s. 6d. It was an economic and indisputable fact that that was another great cause of the unemployment in the country. It followed as night followed the day that when rates were high wages were low, and wages were scarce. The foreigner did not make work scarce in England. It was the present Government who, if they bad the pluck of a mouse would at once pro- claim their approval of Mr. Chamberlain's proposals. Mr. Chamberlain would remedy the present state of things by Tariff Reform, but he defied any Tariff Reformer to point to a single instance where Protec- tion had raised the wages in the country. (Applause.) Protection in England would push the 12,000,000 people who were on the verge of poverty below the line and bring another 12,000,000 on to the line. (Applause.) It was time the people thought for themselves ; England was never in such a state. The country stood in great jeopardy. It made his heart bleed when he thought of the canting millionaires going to church on Sundays, singing and praying and of the millions in the land who were ill-clad and almost starving. What a farce our latter-day Christianity must be to allow such things. If the people only recognized their power they would swamp Toryism and vandalism for ever. "Men," continued the speaker call your souls your own. You have your brains think these matters out for yourselves and do your duty as citizens by thinking for yourselves." We had a retrogressive Government in power,continued Mr. Neilson, which was trying to take our privileges from us. They had given us a most unconstitutional Education Act which denied representation with taxa- tion, and no one could say that the children were being any better educated than they were previously.He would be glad when the time came when people would say "We don't need men to teach us about politics we wilt think and act for ourselves." They must do so at the next election because it presented the greatest oppor- tunity which the wolkingclasses had ever had. At the next election they must return a Liberal Government and see that they turned their attention to

===== 0002601_19050729_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
DOMESTIC LEGISLATION

and from sham Imperialism. "Let your oyes "he said in conclusion," be clear ' • keep your hearthstone clean and you will do much to keep England a great nation, and our Empire great." (Applause). Mr. .1. IlowEs said that in refusing to resign after his defeat Mr. Balfour was stealing our Parliamentary representation from us. The whole nation was set on one side by the Prime Minister and it was the duty of every patriot in the House of Commons to make the passing of any Bill by the present Government impos- sible. In Warrington they were told not to count their chickens before they were hatched but the chickens had been hatched and were being hatched and they were all Liberal chickens. (Applause.) At every bye-election the Liberal party either won the seat or reduced the Tory majority. That in itself was calling upon the Government to resign but in face of the country's declara- tion and the adverse vote of thell House of Commons Mr. Balfour clung to the reins of office. It was there- fore the duty of every patriot to back the Irish party up in their determination to give no quarter.(Applause.) Then there was the great question of the unemployed, .which they must look at intelligently. He did not think it wise to advise hungry men to raid the shops. That was no solution of the problem. During the past ten years the Government had spent hundreds of millions of pounds on war and military expeditions. That money spent in England would give EMPLOYMENT FOIL ALL

_ who were out of work and would enable the carrying Out of work which was greatly needed. (Applause). Questions were invited, and Mr. OattELL pro- ceedecli to interrogate the speakers. He prefaced his questions in a somewhat lengchy speech, but being informed by several members of the audience that they did not want a speech from him, he excluded all intro- ductory remarks. He would, he said, like to ask" if the Liberal party were returned to office would the' bring forward a Home Rule Bill ?" Mr. NEILsos said he could not speak for the Liberal party. Personally, he was a Home Ruler not only f or Ireland, but for Scotland and Wales. (Applause.) He absolutely refused to be ruled by Ireland,but it was a fact that the House of Commons was ruled more by the Irish members than by either the Liberal or Tory party.

He believed it to be only fair that Ireland, Scotland and Wales and England should have the same power of home government as that engaged by the colonies. Mr. ORRRLL : Seeing that in the cotton industry, there are 28,000 less people employed than there were 10 years ago and in the woolen industry 33,000 less employed. The cause in my opinion's foreiga competi- tion—(cries of "We don't want a speech " and" Give him a chance ")—I will ask j the speakers whether that is not so ? Mr. NEILSON said that question was coutained in tariff reform pamphlets and was put to him during the Stalybridge election. The people in that constituency were all cotton works operatives or employed in some kindred trade and they said most emphatically that it was not so, and returned a free-trader. Oar imports of cotton, woollen and yarn from Germany amounted to £2,900,000, and our exports to that country to £9,000,000 so that if we adopted a 10 per cent. tariff we would be cutting off our nose to spite our face. Mr. ORRELL : With reference to education. Is it not a fact that the act passed by the present Govern- ment is the first measure ever passed which makes it possible for every child to pass to the university ? Mr. Ho WES : No. Mr. ORRELL : I maintain that it is and I am prepared to prove it. The Conservative Labour Party— (Cries of what party "and general interruption.) THE CONSERVATIVE LABOUR PARTY. Mr. HOWES said that at the first meeting of the so- called Conservative Labour Party he attended he put a few questions to the speakers. The first question he asked was " Are yen here under the auspices of the local Conservative. Association" and the answer was " Yes." (Mr. Orrell "No.") The answer was "Yes." He went to the Liberal Association and that asiociation wrote a letter to the Conservative Associa- tion," In as much as a member of the Conservative Labour Party declared he came here under auspices of the Conservative Association— Mr. ORRELL : He did not."— t Mr. HOWES : We ask you whether you are willing to put forward a representative to meet the representative of the Liberal Association in public debate ?" He had the letter from the Conservative Association in reply refusing to do so. From that moment they had taken no notice of the Tory Labour party and would not take any notice of them—(applause)—so long as they were repudiated by the Conservative Association* Any workingman who would support them deserved to be a Tory for the remainder of his life. The Tories were repudiated at every bye-election—(Mr. Orrell : "No! Staffordshire.")—Thera had not been a bye-election at which the Liberals had not either won the seat or pulled down the Tory majority. In Staffordshire, which was looked upon as the stronghold of Toryism, they took a stranger as a candidate in a bye-election, and pulled down the Conservative majority by over 1,000. If that was not a repudiation of the Tory party he did not know what was. Their friend remembered Stafford- shire, but did he remember Brighton and Stalybridge ? (Applause). At every bye-election the tariff reform can- didate was warned off the field. (A Voice : " Not in Warrington.") That was so. Up to the present the Tariff Reformer had not been warned off the field in Warrington, and he hoped he a ouli not be, because then THE LIBERALS WOULD WIN hands down. He refused to believe that the electors in Warrington were more silly than in other parts of the country and would return a protectionist. When-. ever the Tory party put forward a representative to discuss those questions the Liberal Association or the Progressive Labour League would make arrangements to bebate with them. (Applause). Votes of thanks to the chairman and speakers con- cluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING AT BRIDGE FOOT.

It is some time since there was a crowd at an open- air political meeting so large as that'Which assembled at Bridge Foot on Thursday evening to hear addresses in support of the Liberal cause. While the gathering was large there was a complete absence of any display of antagonistic feeling, and from time to time the utter- ances of the gentlemen on the platform were greeted by outbursts of applause. Mr. E. Osborne presided, and was supported by Mr. J. Howes,Mr. Neilson, Councillor Maginn, Mr. Elwell, and Mr. J. A. J. Morton. The CIIA.IRMAN alluded briefly to the way in which the Prime Minister had declined to study the people of the country. The working people of the country had gone to Mr. Balfour and asked for certain measures and he had refused them bluntly and sarcastically, and declined to consider those matters as they ought to be considered. So far as the Labour League was concerned, they were determined that in Warrington the victory should be on their side. (Applause.) Mr. NEILSON delivered a lengthy and vigorous address. Toryism, he said, had always in England been detrimental to the interest of those who formed the bone and substance of the nation—the working classes. If labour was to come to its own it depended entirely upon the way in which labour voted, and it was the desire and one of the chief aims of the earnest Liberal that there should be a system of registration and electoral reform, so that we should have in the House of Commons men who were very different from those we bad to-day. (Applause.) Mr. Neilson proceeded to refer to the question of

===== 0002601_19050729_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
ALIEN IMMIGRATION.

In 1895, he said, the Tory party went to the country with a programme, one of the chief things in which was the question of alien immigration. We were told that the question was a serious one but like many other serious questions which the Tory party faced they forgot about it and nothing was done for nine years. Last year it was feared that a general election would be hurried upon the country and wanting an electioneering cry the Tory Government once again raised the question It was said by the Board of Trade that between 60,000 and 70,000 aliens came every year to this country but it was not pointed out that only one tenth of that number remained here, and that England to the remainder was merely a halting-place to those fleeing from protec- tionist countries. Last session the Government brought in an Aliens Bill but it was not passed owing the Tories said to the obstruction of Mr. Winston Churchill. lithe Government had wanted to pass the Bill they would have done so. They passed the Education Act and Licensing Act in face of the strenuous opposition of the Liberal party and they could have done the same with the Aliens Bill. They however, did not want to pass it. It was nothing more or less than • "

AN ELECTIONEERING CRY and at the best was unworkable. The Government had itself admitted that it was unworkable by introducing a different Bill this session. (Applause.) In the United States they had the most vigorous laws to keep out undesirable aliens and yet only one out of every 100 immigrants was sent back. Let us take the same rate for England and striking an average of the number of aliens who remained here at 8,000 we would see that with laws as vigorous as they were in the United States we should keep out 80 men, women and children ! He was as anxious as anyone to keep out the diseased and criminal alien and a party of Liberals and Tories conferred to bring in a measure with that for its object but Mr. Balfour would not have it.lt was not the poor wretches who came here as steerage passengers fleeing from protection and conscription that we wanted to keep out but the men who came saloon and who when they got here took the work out of English hands and even sweated the British workingman. (Applause). If the Conservative Government wanted to show their desire to benefit workingman was sincere let them pass a bill to prevent sweating by anyone whether alien or Britisher. (Applause). Turning to the question of protection. Some people objected to the posters which were placed on the walls depicting a big and little loaf but he could speak from experience that the poster was no exaggeration.ln Germany a four pound white loaf cost four times as much as it,did in England and New York it cost' three times as much. Protection it was stated was going to raise our wages. If that was so how was it that men working for a firm which paid 15 per cent. dividend earned no more that men working for a firm which paid 5 per cent ? Let him show what protection did in the United States. Under the Carnegi regeme the workpeople were happy but during the two years of the existence of the steel trust wages had been reduced by 16,000,000 dollars while a food combine had raised the cost of living 63 per cent. _TIER STERL TRUST _ _ _

admitted they could make steel rails atl2 dollars a ton. The Canadian and Pacific Railway, which were in the position of foreigners to the United States, required several thousand tons of steel rails and were quoted by the Steel Trust twenty dollars a ton. American rail- ways were quoted by the some people 28 dollars a ton, the difference in the two quotations being the exact amount of the duty upon steel rails imported into the United States. (Applause.) Those who backed Mr. Chamberlain's Tariff Reform proposals would have the same state of things exist in England. The Liberal fight was a crusade against monopoly, and it was for the working people to gain the victory. What was the good of taking about Empire when we had hungry children going to school ? The working people must study the question for themselves. He was sure they would not despair. It might be long before we had the Parliament which would be the true democratic Parlia- ment but we would go on until we achieved that end. (Applause). Councillor MAGINN said we boasted we were the richest country in the world but what was the use of asking a poor hungry man to look imperial and to think imperially when he was starving imperially. (Applause.) I The Prime Minister had been asked what it was I intended should be done with regard to dealing with ' the unemployed question and he replied that the ques- tion had been discussed for generations but that nothing could be done as the Government had to pass the Scotch Church Bill. What a "clout" for the electors who put him in power to be told that nothing could be done with the unionployed because of the " wee frees" and the "muckle frees." The present Government had I PROMISED MANY TIIINGS. They had promised free education. but they gave an Education Act instead. They promised a free breakfast table and put a 4d. tax on tea and doubled the price of sugar. They promised South Africa for the British. How many Britishers were there who had found a home in South Africa? (Applause.) He was sorry there were some workingmen who would still vote for a Government which had given us Chinese slavery but he was glad to think that they were in a minority. The future of the country was in the hands of the working- men and they must not complain if everything was not as they desired it should be. (Applause.)

MT. HOWES described the supporters of the present Government as the enemies of the country. He believed they would emancipate Warrington at the next general election. (Applause.) Mr. R. ORRELL : Will you allow me to say a few words?

The CHAIRMAN: We will answer questions but can- I not have speeches. Mr. R. ORRELL : I say this— The CHAIRMAN: I want you to understand I can- not have any introductions to questions. If you ask a fair question we will give a fair adswer. Mr. ORRELL : Mr. Neilson said the Conservative prrty were opposed to the interests of the labouring classes of the country—(A Voice : "So they are ") but is it not a fact that the Conservative party placed on the Statute Book the repeal of the Combination laws ? Mr. HOWES : No. _ -

H;:(111-RE-L—L.: Any statement I make here I am pre- pared to prove. Is it not a fact that the Conservative party passed almost the whole of the factory legisla- tion ? Is it not a fact that they passed the Friendly Societies Act and the Borough Franchise? Mr. NEILSON, who on rising to reply, was greeted with a cry af " Give it him," said it was not a fact that the Tories had passed certain measures for the benefit of the working classes. If asked if a Tory Government had in a true and literal sense passed any measure for the benefit of the working classes,he replied that they never had.(Applause).He had asked the Permanent Secretary of the House of Commons to tabulate for him any measure passed by the Tories for the benefit of the working classes, and he could not name one. How long were they going to stand the impudence of people coming ao meetings and putting what were merely labels ? It was like showing the label on a jam jar. The label was there, but there was nothing in the jar. The Liberal party agitated for every one of those things. He did not blame the questioner, as if he was a political student he would know that and would not ask the questions. The privelges which they held they had won for themselves.lThe Workmen's Compensa- tion Act was a Liberal measure passed by a Tory govern- ment. The Tories stormed against measures which the Liberals sent up but they passed them years later, after they had cut their wisdom teeth, and even then would not be able to pass them if it were not for the Liberal vote. He would guaranteed that investigations would show that in the majority of cases things passed by Tory government had been introduced by the Liberals. Were they going to allow the Tories any longer to im- pose upon the credulity of the country with their elec- tioneering cries. The Workmen's Compensation Act was the mangled remains of an act introduced by Mr. Asquith long before the Tory government took it up, 'lt had been mangled but if the Liberals were returned to power they would see it straightened and would see that the workman got his compensation without the psesent legal difficulties. A man in the audience asked if Mr. Neilson could I explain the position of the Liberal party or the Pro- gressive Labour League in regard to the unemployed I question. Mr. NEILSON said he could only speak for himself. Personally he advocated the finding of employment by afforestation and the reclainiation of land from the sea. I Mr. How ES said he would like to give an illustration of the Tory passing of measures. Mr. 0 RRELL : Allow me to have a word (Cries of "go to bed "and "shut up.") Mr. HowEs continuing, said that when the present Employers Liability Bill was presented for a second reading the Tory member for Belfast moved an amend- ment which if carried would, as Mr. Chamberlain pointed out mean the wrecking of the Bill. The Labour and Liberal members had a conference and decided that the Bill must be saved and when the division bell rang and the Tories in the House of Commons refused to support their own Bill, they marched into the Tory lobby and the Bill was saved. It was afterwards discovered that if the Liberals had remained in their seats the Bill ! would have been lost by 22 votes. (Applause.) He I presumed the Tory Government would claim to have passed that measure. Another question asked was as to whether the House ' of Lords did not block every useful measure introduced when the Liberal party were in power. Mr. HowEs said the Liberal party were never in power they might be in office in one house but in the other they always had a set majority against them. ! Votes of thanks to the speakers and the chairman concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 29, 1905.

PARR'S BANK LIMITED.

Mr. Cecil F. Parr and Trade.

A WARNING AGAINST OVER-PRODUCTION.

An extraordinary general meeting of Parr's Bank Limited, was held at the bank premises, Winwick- street, on Thursday morning. Mr. Cecil F. Parr pre- sided, there were present, Sir David Gamble Messrs. T. H. Dixon, John Dunn, Alfred Hewlett, Robert Neill, 1 and Peter Stubs (directors), Messrs. R. W. Whalley (general manager), J. Addison,JohnAinsworth, C. Baker, W. H. Boothroyci, E. C. Cooper, David Garnett, W. Gill, Joseph Hartley, A. Jolley, A. Lister-Kaye, J. Lawson, W. Moss, W. Owen, J. C. Steed, J. Wainwright, C. White, W. Skinner, J. L. McGregor, W. Silcock, and E. D. Hyatt (secretary) The Cu AIRMAN said they once more had met together to render an account of their stewardship and he thought they would agree with him from the study of the report that it was of a satisfactory kind. They had no difficulty in lending their money this half year, but it had not been at very satisfactory rates. The Bank of England rate had ruled very low, it had been £2 13s. 9d. which was no less than 18s. lower than it was the corresponding period of last year. Fortunately for themselves, they had had some Japanese money to deal with at short periods and the employment of that had helped them in the return of their profits. They had to regret the resignation of Mr. Crewdson, one of their Manchester directors. He found himself unable any longer to give his services to the bank at Manchester. He was very glad to say that the bank possessed two very able directors in the person of Sir J. J. Harwood, who was unable to be present that day, and Mr. Neill, and therefore they did not at present contemplate filling the vacancy caused by Mr. Crewdson's retirement. As a review of the half year, it could not be said that trade generally was showing any marked improvement at present. It was certainly true that the total figures in the aggregate value of the exports and imports again showed a record, more especially in the case of exports, which were a good ten millions beyond the figures for the corresponding six months of last year. This he thought was chiefly due to the general rise in prices of commodities, and therefore it was no proof of any considerable expansion in volume of transactions and trade generally. Certainly if they turned to the contemplation of revenue returns they would find reason to believe that prosperity was rather going back than coming on, for those figures showed a full million less than they did at this time last year. There was one trade however, which he was very glad to say they were able to congratulate upon a very !prosperous half year. He need not say that he alluded to the cotton trade, and equally satisfactory results should appear during the next six months pro- vided that no trouble should arise between masters and men. He thought the spasmodic attempts they had lately seen 'in America to raise unduly the price of raw material could hardly meet with much continued success in face of the present situation which obtained. The latest advices put the present crop—the new crop— at over 11,000,000 bales, which was above the average, and in addition to this, there was what bankers would call a " carry forward " of over 2,000,000 bales from the crop of last year after satisfying all require- ments. Moreover,spinners for the present must to some extent have rendered themselves independent of tem- porary fluctuations caused by those market speculations, because most of them should have brought forward laigely in the early months of this year, and so have no need of going into the market for the present. But though profitable business for same time ahead would seem to be assured from the mills already in existence, and the machinery already put up, it was a different matter, and he could not help doubting, whether the present favourable conditions showed sufficient appear- ance of permanency to justify the erection of the numerous new spinning mills, which he understood was taking place over a considerable part of Lancashire. (Hear, hear.) It was quite possible for another year or even more that there might be a sufficiency of raw material at moderate prices for the employment of those new spindles, but it seemed to him that the question to , be asked was, was Lancashire sure of an extended market for that increased output when it appeared ? They must remember the competition of other countries was daily becoming more and more severe. Japan, while at war of course, had during the year been one of their best customers, but as soon as peace was concluded, she would become to judge from the energy they had seen displayed in every other province, instead of a cdstomer, one of their most energetic competitors in the Eastern market. Besides, both in Germany and the U.S.A., in respect to their home and foreign trade, they were increasing far more rapidly in proportion than British. The country was also exporting in ever- increasing auantities machinery to those countries which would in time do their own spinning and weaving. That of course, of necessity meant not only would they in future take less of this country's productions but they would compete all themore keenly as years went by in the neutral markets. Therefore it seemed to him quite doubtful whether, if they produced much more they would be able to sell what they produced. Coming for a moment to the kindred trade of wool, certainly wool growers had for some time past been getting most excellent prices for their produce, and the demand at present seemed in no wise likely to slacken especially in America where they were asking for more and more. As long as high prices prevailed, they must expect spinners and manufacturers in this country to curtail rather then add to their commitments. To come now to the iron trade one would think there could be no possible demand to justify the enormous production which was now going on in the world of pig iron. In America alone, the pro- duction of pig iron had doubled itself almost in less than seven years, and the estimate for the present year was no less than 22,000,000 for America alone. The ' increase too, in Germany was steadily rising though not

THE MANAGER AND STAFF. Mr. JOHN Dun: proposed a vote of thanks to the general manager, the assistant manager and the staff for their services during the past year. He said he did it with a very great deal of pleasure, and also with an 1 intimate knowledge of what those services had been. 1 Allusion had been made to the success of various Japanese loans and he could assure them that their general manager had reaped golden opinions from all sorts of men connected with finance and in the City, by the able manner in which he had played his part in the difficult negotiations which had been necessary to secure the success of these loans. (Hear, hear.) In establish- ing that great reputation in the City of London, he had done great servicasto the bank. His faithful services and those of every gentlemen connected with the bank deserved their very best thanks. Mr. J. WAINWRIGHT seconded and remarked that the charge of that resolution could not have been placed in better hands than those of Mr. Dunn who knew the workings of the bank so well. The resolution was passed unanimously. Mr. WHALLFY in reply thanked the shareholders warmly. With regard to the Japanese loans he might say that they had given an opportunity of judging of loyalty and ability of the staff. The work in connec- tion with that transaction had neon very great but it had been carried through with the utmo St despatch,and he ventured to think to the credit of the Bank. He himself had been helped by a zealous and efficient assis- tant general manager, ably supported by loyal assistants at the head office and in the country. He thought much credit for the work in connection with the Japfinese loans was due to Mr. Shand which might not be known to many of the shareholders but his work was beyond all praise,

at such a tremendous rate. Of course, as soon as peace was declared, there would be a more general demand for SPEECH DAY. iron angsteel all over the world, but hardly, one would think sufficient to justify the production of such enormous amounts. Therefore he thought it possible before long that in England, they might SUCCESSFUL ANNUAL GATHERING be given an opportunity of judging whether dumping on these shores was a curse or a blessing in AT THE GRAMMAR SCHOOL. disguise. The price of sugar had now dropped to the I same figure as obtained before the Brussells Convention. If they would remember, the temporary rise which took The midsummer holidays in connection with the ' place at the time was ascribed to the Convention, and Warrington Grammer School are always immediately so the Convention was described by certain politicians preceded by the prize giving' and what is known as as artificial and eternal. It had now been shown to be Speech Day, and perhaps no event in the year is more due, as commonsense always predicted, merely to the pleasurally anticipated by the boys in attendance at action of the law of supply and demand, acting on the short supply of beetroot on the Continent. So much the school. Thursday marked the holding of the for trade. At their last meeting in London he had the manual gathering which was in every way a success. pleasure of telling their shareholders and reporting to There was a large attendance of the parents and them of the great success achieved in the flotation in friends of the students, in the schoolroom, which had November last of the Japanese loan for £12,000,000, in been made attractives being decorated with flags and which that Bank took a leading part. Since then, he streamers. believed that the advice they then gave and the assist- ance they then rendered them was appreciated by the The Rev, E. J. Willcocks, the popular headmaster, Japanese Government, and that fact was sufficiently presided and there were also present :—The Rev. shown, he thought, by their entrusting them in conjunc_ Canon Cundey, Rector of Gorton, Mrs. and Miss tion with their other banking friends, the Hong-Kong Willcocks, Mr. and Mrs. Goadrich, Mr. Carruthers, Mr. and Shanghai Banking Corporation and the Yokohama and Mrs. Gunner, Mr, J. Young, Mr. and Mrs. Herzog, Special Bank with the issue of two farther loans for Mr. Darby, Captain R, 1). Wilicocks, Rev. Canon and £30,000,000, one in March last, and one, as they were aware, barely three weeks ago. The great success which Mrs. Willis, Rev. E. C. E. and Mrs, Carleton, Mrs. and the Misses Broadbent Mr. Campbell, Mr, and Mrs. and again attended those flotations,both of them geing sub- - - = ' scribed for, apart altogether from the underwriting ten Miss Henry Roberts, Mr W. P. Rylands, Mrs. times over, had he had reason to believe given great , Rylands, Rev. Canon and Mrs. Penrhyn, satisfaction to the Japanese Government. He trusted Miss M. White, Mrs. J. Reynolds, Mr. C. S. Burgess. also that it justified the continuance of the coati- Mr. and Mrs. Ashley, Mr. and Mrs. Atherton, Mrs. and deuce with which the Japanese Government had , Miss Bunch, Sirs, and the Misses Broadbent, Miss hitherto honoured them—a confidence which he Beattie, Captain Broadbent, Mr. and Mrs. A. Browne, ventured to think was not wholly undeserved. Dr. and Mrs. Bowden, Mrs. Birch Browne, Miss Bond, (Hear, hear.) It gave him the greatest pride Rev. W. and Mrs. Bracecamp, Mr. and Mrs. Bradshaw, and pleasure to bear witness throughout those Mr. and Mrs. Bamforth, Mr. and Sirs. Burrows, ainand difficult and important operations to the very great Mrs. Burgess, Mrs. and Miss Bickford, Hr. and Mrs. ability of their general manager, Mr. Whalley, and also Crampton, Rev. Harvey and Mrs. Cook, Mr. and Mrs. to the affective and willing co-operation of their staff. Corney, M C Mrs. Congreave,Mrs. Chamberlain,Mr.Crossley, (Hear, hear.) He had nothing to add except the old Mr. and Sirs. Dawson, nuncillor Ellison, Miss Evans, worn formula they had so often adopted that the Mrs. Fisher, Mrs. Gunner, Mr. and Mrs. J. Gibson, Dr. position and the prosperity of the business continued in and Mrs. J. Guest Gornall, Sir. and Sirs. Greftves, Mrs. every way satisfactory. They had 75 more shareholders Holford, Mr. and Sirs. Hands, Mrs. W. D. Houghton, than they had six months ago, making a total of over Mr. and Mrs. Millwood, Miss Eiallwood, Mrs. Haddock, 7,000; and they showed a satisfactory increase in the Mr. and Mrs. Hesketh, Mrs. Howard, Sir. and Mr. L. number of their customers' accounts. Their invest- Henshall, Mrs. Whitehouse, Mr. and Sirs. J. W. ments were held very considerably lower than the Houghton, Mr. and Mrs. J. Houghton, Mrs. market prices of the day. Their pension fund which Higham, Sir. and Mrs. E. Houghton, Mr. and was begun only a short time aa,o had now reached the Mrs. E. Isherwood, Rev. and Mrs. T. Lee respectable figure of £37,000. Of course that was quite Jones, Miss Lee Jones, Mrs. Willcocas, Mr. and 'inadequate to the purposes they eventually intended it Mrs. Kennon Mr. and Mrs. Lawton. Mr. and for, but still it was a very good beginning considering Mrs. Locker, kr. and Mrs. Law, Mr. and Mrs. Lee, hew short the timeisince they started it. Their premises Mr. and Sirs. W. Monks, Mrs. S. Marrow, Mr. and Mrs. stood at over .£B4o,ooo.That seemed a very large amount, J. Nield, Mr. and Mrs. J. Owen, Rev. G. and Mrs. but he could tell them that the figure had been written Vale-Owen, Canon and Mrs. Penrhyn, Dr. and Mrs. 'down only two-thirds the amount which their premises Parker, Miss Pierpoint, Mr. and Mrs. F. Pearson, the originally cost, and of course in respect to many free- Misses Partington, Mr. Mrs. and the Misses Picton,l holds they held, the value must have increased rather Rev. T. J. Ridpath, Mr. and Mrs. Rogers, Sir. and Mrs. than diminished since they acquired them. They carried P. Rigby, Mr. and Mrs. J. Rose, Mr. and Mrs. Ruddock, forward as they would see, £37,9Bo—over £12,000 in Rev. R. W. and Mrs. Rees, Mr. and Mrs. Strange, Mrs. round numbers more than they carried over last year. A. Smith, Miss F. Smith, Mrs. and Miss Sankey, Alder- in conclusion be moved that the report now presented man Smethurst, Mr. and Mrs. Sterling, Mr. and Mrs. A. be received and that a dividend of 19 per cent. per Smith, Sir, and Mrs. Sankey, Mr. and Mrs. S. Taylor, annum be declared free of income tax for the half-year Mrs. and Miss Thomas, Mr. and Mrs. Turner, Mr. and ending June 30th, 1905. Mrs. Venn, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Woods, Mr. and Mrs. J. Sir DAVID GAMBLE seconded, and the resolution was Lyon Whittle, Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Whitehouse, Mr. and carried unanimously. Sirs. D. Wright, the Hisses Williams, Mr. and Mrs. Mr. J. C. PARR proposed a vote of thanks to the Watkins, Mrs. Wilcox, Mrs, and Miss Young, and the directors and said he considered it a privilege and a Rev. .1. and Mrs. Yonge. pleasure to do so. He was sure that with such an In presenting his annual report, the CHAIRMA.N said : excellent report—such a good balance, there would be It is once again my privilege to give you all a hearty no difficulty in passing it very unanimously. In welcom- welcome here this afternoon. It is usual for me on this lug their directors to what he might call their father- our annual Speech Day to review the work and progress land once more, he was sure that it would be a very of the school during the past year. And first of all let great pleasure to them to do so after their very great me remind you that under the provisions of the scheme financial triumph in London. (Hear, hear.) He could by which this school is governed, we are required to be not help feeling that it was a very great credit to the inspected once a year by some outside Examining Body. bank and all those banks associated with it to have For many years we have been reported on by Examiners carried through that transaction in the wonderful appointed by the Delegates of the Oxford Local Exami- manner they had done, and as a very old shareholder nation, and most of the boys in the two Upper Forms, he would not be surprised if he saw and recognised the in addition to the ordinary school examinations, sit for master hand of a financier who began his managerial the certificates granted by the Oxford Board. The career in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) They all knew to results we obtained last year were most gratifying, and whom he alluded. All honour to the present manager, I think will prove that the work done in the school is and those remarks would add lustre to his fame, because thoroughly sound in character. (Applause.) Eighteen he would recognize that he had begun life under the of our candidates were granted certificates, and out auspices of the gentleman to whom he had alluded, of these, twelve were placed in the honours divi- Mr. CHARLES WHITE seconded and the motion was sion, and three were specially distinguished in varioui carried unanimously. subjects. One boy (H. Dutton) obtained the 17th place The CHAIRMAN expressed the gratification of the in the first class among the senior candidates. directors for the vote just passed. (Applause.) Of then ighteeu successful candidates six

pas-sed in mathematics,-french, arithmetic and scripture knowledge,—all but one passed in Latin and Greek, and all but two in history. Seven junior candidates were offered for highest mathematics and all seven were successful. A very important step forward—and one which clears the way for a general "leaving" certificate —has been made this year. It is this--that a senior certificate exempts the holder from the Matriculation Examination of the University of London andalso from the "Little-go" or "Previous Exam." at Cambridge provided that it satisfies conditions. Three of the candidates have satisfied all the conditions. The result of the Oxford locals for this year are of course not yet to hand—but it will no doubt interest you to hear what the school Examiner has to say about us. He writes: "I am again able to report favourably of the examination I have conducted at Warrington Grammar School. Indeed the impressions I have previously formed of the thorough soundness and genuine character of the teach- ing given at the school have been decidedly deepened. The school is well equipped and staffed, and the new laboratory and lecture room will prove valuable acquisi- tions. The discipline and tone of the school, so far as they came under my observation, are excellent. The curriculum is very wide, and this makes me the more gratified at the success achieved. Among the younger boys are some very promising lads, and the work in all the Forms is uncommonly even. The Junior school shows evidence of careful training in elementary work, and the results are quite in keeping with the high character of the work in the Upper Forms." (Applause.) The past year has been one of much anxiety. The school has been practically re-organized, and is now recognized by the Board of Education in London as an efficient secondary school, such recognition enabling us to earn the Government grant. This step has necessitated many changes and much-needed improve- ments. A new lecture room and a physics laboratory have been added to the existing accommodation, the teaching staff has been strengthened, and the curriculum has been modified. There is now a fully developed modern side. French is taught orally to the little boys before they begin Latin. German and Greek are now alternative subjects. More time is given to science and to modern languages and history and English subjects have received special attention during the year and in addi- tion all the more modern methods of teaching mathe- matics have been introduced. (Applause). I am glad of this opportunity to thank the Assistant Masters for the zealous and cordial way in which they have at all times co-operated with me, and also I must not forget the boys who have shown throughout the year the true spirit of work. The successes and appointments of past and present boys during the year include :—L. G. Corney, head of the school, who has won in open competition an exhibi- tion of £3O per annum for classics at St. John's College Cambridge. H. Dutton, passed the London University Matriculation Examination in the First Division. 0. H. Cooke, of Merton College, Oxford, has graduated 8.A., in the Final Honour School of Jurisprudence. C. W. Reynolds, of St. John's College, Cambridge, has graduated B.A. First Class in his special subject Chemistry. T. H. Oliff, has completed his course at the;Camborne Mining'School and in the final examination has secured 7 First Class passes and has been awarded a first class certificate in mining engineering. S. B. Han- kinson,the final Examination of thegnstitute of Bankers. H. L. Knapman, the preliminary examination of the Royal Institute of British Architects, A. D. McGregor, the Civil Service Law Examination of the University of Cape Town' K. W. D. Macrae, the Intermediate Examination for the degree of M. 8., Edinburgh University. H. Gibson, the Final Examination of the Institute of Chartered Accountants, J. W. Box and W. Green, of St. Mark's College, Chelsea, the Intermediate Examination for the degree of 8.A.. London University, also recommended by the Board of Education to receive their parchments as Certificated Teachers without taking the Special Examination. We have also to congratulate Mr. E. W. Coates, M.A., late scholar of St. Catharine's College, Cambridge, on his appointment by the Egyptian Government to an important Mastership in the Secondary School at Cairo. Also Mr. E. Frank Wilicocks, who has been appointed by the attorney- General of Natal, Clerk of the Peace and Public Prosecutor for the Inanda Division of the Colony. (Applause.) The Rev. CA.NON CUNDEY, then, amidst applause, pre- sented the prizes. Addressing the gathering he spoke of the pleasure which it gave him to be present, especially as he had some pleasing rerninescencies of his connection with the Grammar school, Ile was there formerly in the capacity of Examiner and could speak from experience of the excellent character of the work at that school. (Applause). Since then the whole organization of education had been altered and the Education Act of 1002 had had the effect of arous- ing the country to the importance more particularly of Secondary Education. It was now possible for public authorities to stimulate the work of Secondary schools in a manner which those who were teaching 20 years hardly ventured to dream of, and whatsoever might be said of the Act he thought the result so far had been in the right direction. (Hear, hear.) He was glad their local education authority had viewed with a favourable eye. what was going on in those schools and if there were any members of the Education Committee present he ventured to ask them to trust Mr. Wilcocks and his staff to give the best possible educa- tion which could be given in a school of the character of the Grammar school, as an Examiner he had always been able to report that the school was up-to-date, and he had no doubt that if the opportunity was given Mr. Willcocks would keep the school in the forefront among the best schools in the country. (Applause.) At the present time the educa- tional aspect was in danger of being too utilitarian and when it was proposed to teach a subject people were prone to ask "what is the good of it so far as the boy's future life is concerned ?" That is not the thing to have in view in drawing up the curriculum of a school. The first requisite for a Secondary school was to give a good general education and to send forth to

the world a cultured lad capable of holding his own in any walk in life. (Applause.) Having got that founda- tion, and he knew they had it there, they could safely leave specialization to later days and to the subsequent educational career of the child. The headmaster in a school of that description should be given a con- siderable amount of freedom. His experience of education authorities, and he had had many years I experence was that they were prone to interfere with the detail of a school instead of appointing a head master and giving him a perfectly free hand. He had not had the slightest hint that there was anything of that sort in Warrington. On the contrary, Mr. Willcocks was receiving every possible support from the Education Authority. The danger in a purely technical school was that the boy's general education was neglected, and he became specialized before his time in some branch of knowledge which had very little connection with humanity, but rather connected more with the sordid conditions of life. The idea of the promoters of the Education Act was to retain those schools which were wanted, and which were successful, and to stamp out of existence those schools which did not deserve to live. He hoped Mr. Willcocks and his staff would continue to receive support from those who had the privilege—and he was sure it was a privilege—to conciliate something towards the better equipment of the schools, as ungrudg- ingly as it had been given in the past. (Applause.) Mr. Cnndey concluded with an appeal to parents to allow their children to remain at school as long as they possibly could. (Applause.) The students during the afternoon were afforded an opportunity of displaying their histrioric abilities, plays in French, Greek and English being given. Throughout they acted well and afforded excellent entertainment for the visitors. The plays and the dramatis personal were: " Appartment Meubl4 Loner."—Alphonse Duval (jeweller), R. S. McMurray ; Edgar Colombe (draper), H. 0. Adams ; Bond (American Traveller), J. Whitehouse: Madame Bonivard, R. Wilcox and Rose (her daughter), W. M. Watkins. Scene from "The Clouds" of Aristophanes : Strepsiades, L. G. Corney, mathetes 1, A. Wright, mathetes 2, M. J. Burgess, and socrates J. Bamforth. Scenes from ShakeFpeare's "Henry IV." : Act 1.. scene IL, Act 11., scenes 11. and IV.: Falstaff, R. M.Carnson ; Prince, R. Kennon; Poins, C. S. Woods : Gadshill, R. Lee ; Bardolph, L.S. Henshall; Sheriff, H. Dawson ; Francis, G. F. Greaves ; First Traveller, V. C. Roberts ; and Second Traveller, J. Sterling. .1. Sankey and T. B. Weaver made efficient stage managers. The proceedings concluded with cheers for the ladies, Canon Cundey, the governors,the headmaster,and the assistant masters.

THE PRIZE LIST. OXFORD LOCAL EXAMINATIONS 1904.

SENIOR CANDIDATES, HONOURS DIVISION. First Class: H. Dutton, Distinguished in Latin and Religious Knowledge; Second Class: J. Bamforth, M. J. Burgess, A. R. wen; Pass Division: A. C. Horobin.

JUNIOR CANDIDATES, HONOURS DIVISION. I First Class: R. Kennon, Distinguished in Latin ; Second Class: H. 0. Adams, Distinguished in Latin and Greek; R. Wilcox, T. B. Weaver; Third Class: R. H. Carnson, R. Lee, C. S. Woods, A. Wright ; Pass Division: F. Carlisle, A. F. Grice, H. Nield. H. Wallington, J. Whitehouse; Elected to Senior Boteler Scholarships: R. M. Carnson and A. Wright; Recom- mended for election to Senior Boteler Scholarships : R. Wilcox and W. M. Watkins; Entrance Scholarships recommended to be extended for one year (July 1900 :—J. H. B. Dawson, G. F. Greaves, and R. Lee. CLASSICS.—VI. Form, Corney ; V. Form, Wilcox; IV. Form (classical), Houghton, ma. ; IV. Form (modern), Young, ma. ; 111. Form, Lawton • 11. Form, Strange, mi. ; T. Form, Atherton. iIATHEMA.TICS. —VI. Set., Burgess ; V. Set., Wilcox ; IV. Set., Hands. ARITHMETIC.—III. and 11. Sets., Stansfleld ; Upper and Lower I. Sets., Bradshaw. ANCIENT HISTORY.—VI. Form, (Roman History 343-146 8.C.), Kennon; V. Form, Wilcox. ENGLISH HISTORY. (1066-1399).—IV. Form, (classical and modern), Isher- wood ; 111. and It. Forms, Hands ; Upper Lower, I. Forms, Lowe, mi. SCIENCE.—VI. Set., physics and chemistry, Baraforth ; V. Set., physics and chemis- try, Carnson ' • IV. Set., chemistry, Young ma. SCRIPTURE KNOWLEDGE.—Lamphigh Memorial. VI. Form, St. Mark with the Greek and Old Testament History, Burgess; V. Form, St. Mark and Old Test- meat History, Rev. Canon Stevenson's prize, Wright ; IV. Form, I. King's 12 and It. Kings, Rev. E. C. E. Carleton's prize, Isherwood; Massingham Memorial. and 11. Forms, St. Mark, Smith, ma.; Upper and Lower I Forms, Young, mi. ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND LITERATURE,—VI. Form, Adams; V. Form, Carnson. MODERN LANGUAGES.—(Mr. J. Charlton Parr's prizes). VI. Set. French, Adams ; V. Set. French, Carnson; IV. Set. French, Browne, ma. DRAWING.— Shading, Henshall, ma. ; Model, Haddock, ma. ; Advanced Freehand, Woolstencroft ; Elementary Free- hand, Bradshaw ; Writing, Lower Divison, Rees ; Political Economy (Prize given by the Old Boys' Union), Burgess ; Latin Verse, Corney ; Natural History Collection (ButteHlies and Moths), Henshall ma. ; Ashton Memorial, Watkins.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHAIRMAN.

Mr. WILLIAM OWEN proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman and was sure that he must be very glad to ceme amongst them once more in the good old town. Mr. J.C. STEED seconded,and remarked that Mr. Parr had the confidence of every shareholder. The motion was parried. The CHAIRMAN in replying said he was very glad to come to Warrington to see his old friends. If he had not to make a speech his pleasure would be still greater (Laughter.) The meeting then terminated.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED NEW SCHOOLS AT STOCKTON HEATH. Opposition to the Scheme.

A special meeting of the Stockton Heath Parish Council was held in the Hall Cafe, VintoHa-square, on Wednesday evening, to receive the report of the joint committees of the school managers and representatives of the Stockton Heath, Walton Inferior, and Latchford Without Councils. Walton Inferior having already,it is understood, lodged an objection to the County Council proposal on the ground that the school is too large,were not present at the committee meeting. On Wednesday night when the following resolution was submitted. "This meeting is of opinion that in considering new school requirements Stockton Heath should be treated separately from the adjoining parishes, which should provide for their Own requirements, and that if that were done Stockton Heath would need no accommoda- tion beyond the present schools." Its adoption was moved by Mr. J. W. Bouchier who pointed out that if children in attendance at the present schools who came from Warrington, Latchford and Walton were excluded the schools would be ample. Mr. Hallows seconded, objecting to the proposed new school on account of the increase which its erection would make in the rates. . .

Several other members spoke in support of the reso- lution which was unanimously approved. Latchford Without will lodge a separate objection to the scheme. PUBLIC PETITION TO TFIE BOARD OF EDUCATION. In Stockton Heath a petition is being drawn up, copies of which the ratepayers will be able to sign in I almost every shop in the village. The petition, which 1 is addressed to the Board of Education, reads : (1). That the Cheshire County Council as the local Educa- tion Authority have given statutory notice of their intention to provide a new public elementary school Ito accommodate about 800 scholars, in the parish of 1 Stockton Heath, such school to be available for 1 the parishes of Stockton Heath, Latchford Without, and Walton Inferior. (2). That tho present School accommodation in the parish hc f elementary Stockton Heath is amply sufficient to provide for the requirements of that parish considered by itself and that the proposed new school is not required in the said parish. (3). That the overcrowding at the exist- lag school is due to the presence of scholars from outside ; parishes and your Petitioners respectfully urge that the burden to provide accommodation ought not to be orne even in part by the parish of Stockton Heath, but that those parishes which occasion the necessity for further school accommodation ought to make provision for it and bear the expense. (1). That your petitioners are prepared to go into the figures and state their case I in opposition to the proposed new school and they accordingly suggest with great respect and pray that a j local inquiry should be held in order that your petitioners may be heard.

"THE COUNTRY OF CASTLES." Whether you have been for your holidays or not, but more particularly it you have not, you should write to Railcvay Company for a copy of their compiled booklet entitled "The Country of Castles.' It covers the holiday centres of South Wales most comprehensively and being well illustrated helps the reader to select the spot where he or she will tdheeugGhrtefautllNv Vestern spend the all too brief summer holiday.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

The Want of Swimming Instruction. Sir,—Recently two ladies called at the Warrington Baths. They wished to take lessons in swimming. The manager told thorn he was not permitted to teach swimming. They were surprised. And when they understood that no one—lady or gentleman—was pro- fessionally engaged in teaching swimming at the Baths they were astounded. That was their mental state when they left. They would be indignant later. And eventually they would laugh—perhaps they are laughing i yet—for the situation s almost Gilbertian. The manager may save from drowning, but not—if you please—instruct a man how he may save himself. Public baths are erected just BB much to encourage the natatory art as habits of cleanliness, the plunge baths being for swimming, not washing, purposes. The non- swimmer's fear of cold water—clear or dirty—is very natural. For water to him is a tickle and terrible element. Learning to swim without instruction is very often a slow process hut a few lessons from a capable teacher make a wonderful difference in the progress of the most inapt pupil. Surely something might be done. There are scores of parents in this town who desire that their children should be taught to swim. I know that here—as in other towns—it seldom pays a pro- fessional swimmer to attend at the baths to give lessons, and obviously Mr. Barlow, who is on the spot, could conveniently do 80, selecting a quiet hour for the purpose. In other towns it is expected that a manager will teach swimming—or the committee would wonder why he applied for such a position. Of what advantage is it to have a manager a man of Mr. Barlow's qualifications as:a swimmer and teacher of swimming ? People in difficulties can be fished out of the water very quickly with the long poles provided—in quicker time than a ;swimmer could reach them, perhaps. Maybe some members of the Baths Committee think teaching would interfere with Mr. Blrlow's other dutied, but surely it is only a matter of arrangement.—Yours ..tc„ GiODFBEY DEAN. Bewsey Street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. D. DAVIES. A Prominent Cyclist.

We record with deep regret the death of Mr. David Davies, which occurred at the Warrington Infirmary early on Wednesday morning. Until a short time ago Mr. Davies, who was in his 03rd year, enjoyed the best of health. He was however, taken seriously ill a few weeks ago, and Dr. Kisby was at once called in. More alarming symptoms developing, Dr. Langdale was also called in and it was found necessary to remove him to the Infirmary. Here, on Sunday evening,he was successfully operated upon for a congestion of the bowels but he gradually grew weaker and died as above stated. Mr. Davies was principally, known as a most enthusiastic cyclist and amongst local wheelers it would be difficult to find a more widely known and highly respected gentleman. As an active member of the Warrington Cycling Club for the past 15 years he has held the offices of president and vice-president and so popular was he that he was familiarly known to his fellow members as "Pa." As recently as July Bth he took part in the club's annual run to Beeston Towers, and a few weeks previously he, in company with Mr. Joseph Podmore, indulged in a 300 mile tour in the Midlands. Although not a public man in the generally accepted sense he was closely associated with local bodies of a charitable nature. In 1902 he did an invalu- able work in assisting in the organization of the Fancy Dress Cycle Parade and Carnival as the result of which about .£3OO was raised for the Infirmary and District Nursing Association. The parade on behalf of the Life- boat institution also had his whole-hearted and active support and latterly he devoted a large amount of time to the work of the Workingmen's Committee, of which Ihe was chairman, to raise funds in aid of the memorial to thome members of the South Lancashire Regiment who fell in the war in South Africa, and had he lived it would have been the event of his life to have witnessed ' the formal unveiling of that memoriAl. A Warringtonian, he was the son of Mr. Davies who at one time kept a tin and locksmith shop in Lyme-street. He, early in life, entered the service of a railway com- pany, and was for some years stationmaster at Church, where, during the time of the Fenian outrages, he was called upon to assist in defending an expected attack on the railway. Leaving the service of the company he obtained an excellent appointment at Sheffield, but I ultimately returned to Warrington, where up to the , time of his death, he acted as chief clerk for Messrs. Thewlis and Griffiths, file and tool manufacturers, , Mersey-street. by whom he was held in high esteem. • Of a genial disposition, he made many friencis and few, if any, enemies, and his death will be very ividely and deeply regretted. The funeral will take place at the Warrington Cemetery this (Saturday) afternoon at 3 o'clock.

===== 0002601_19050729_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
AWFUL RAILWAY DISASTER

SOUTHPORT ELECRTIC EXPRESS WRECKED.

Twenty-three Passengers Killed.

A terrible railway disaster occurred on Thursday evening on the Liverpool to Southport line of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway to the electric express train which left the Exchange Station Liver- pool, at ten minutes past six o'clock full of passengers. Near Hall-road station,eleven miles from Liverpool, the express collided with an empty stationary train which. was being shunted on to a loop line. There was an appalling crash, followed immediately by awful scenes- The first coach of the express was a third-class smoker. It is stated that by the force of the collision the body of this carriage was thrown completely off the steel framework and then fell back upon the passengers, killing nearly all those whom the first shock had not deprived of life. There were 27 passengers in the coach. Twenty-three were killed, three injured, and only one escaped. The injured lay imprisoned with the dead among the wreck- age—a dreadful sight, the horror of which was intensified by the fact that a number of the killed were children. The work of succour,was commenced at once, and the - three injured passengers from the first coach were taken, to the Bootle Infirmary. They are : Henry Albert Potter, 59, Poulton-road, Southport. Albert Potter, his son. The motorman, named Rimmer. 4. - LIST OF THE KILLED. Meanwhile the dead bodies had been removed to the station waiting-rooms to await identification. Here many pathetic scenes were witnessed as relatives identi- fied their dead. At a late hour at night several remained unidentified. The following is a list of the victims : A. J. Vickery (male), Bold-street, Liverpool. C. H. Hawkes, Aughton-road Birkdale. Sydney Ellis, No. 46, Talbot-street, Southport. John R. Inch, Birkdale. Ernest Lewis, Liverpool-road, Birkdale. Thomas Howard, a youth, Formby. Stanley T. Waugh, No. 71, Avondale-road, Southport, son of Rev. Thomas Waugh. Miss N. L. Mussham, Regent-road, Birkdale. Benjamin Sykes. Freshfield-road,Formby, flour miller, and provender dealer, with mills in Brownlow Hill, Liverpool, and many shops throughout the city. James Sykes, brother of the above, 109, BrownloW Hill, Liverpool. Miss Jane Wright, 17 years, Halsall-lane, Formby. Annie Wright, six years of age, Halsall-lane, FormbY, niece of the above, Annie S. Newell, Formby. Mrs.Vtloir, Balfour-street, Southport. May Stringer, a little girl,No. 22, Sykes-street, Liver- pool. Richard Peet, Crossens, Southport. Thomas Cullen, Bisphara-road, Southport. Jennie Curphey, Formby. Esther A. Parr, Hall-street, Southport. The bulk of the killed belong to Southport and Formby, in which places the news of the disaster created consternation. Crowds flocked to the stations, many making their way down the line, as soon as anY traffic was restored, in search of missing relatives. A number of the uninjured passengers in the express, together with the station officials and others, assisted in smashing the woodwork to get at those embedded in the wreck, only a few of whom showed any signs of life. Medical aid and police help was despatched as quicklY as possible from the Liverpool side, and breakdown gangs from both termini,but it was half past nine before the one`from Southport could arrive owing to the dis- organised service, the line from Liverpool being blocked for several hours. By this time many thousands hnu collected on the golf links by the scene of the disaster, where the removed debris had been converted into huge bonfire.

(ore

===== 0002601_19050729_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

Lancashire County Union.

A meeting of the above body was held at rbc Grosvenor Hotel, Manchester, on Tuesday, Mr. F. W. Wright presiding. The Runcorn Club was elected to membership. Mr. W. H. Cawley (Runcorn) was appointed a member of the committee. The draw for the first round of the Lancashire Senior Cup was made as follows :—Rochdale Hornets Y. War- rington, Chadderton v. Barrow, Wigan v. St. Helens. Leigh v. Runcorn, Morecambe v. Widnes, Salford V. Swinton, Broughton Rangers a bye, Oldham a bye. To be played on October 14. The draw for the Lancashire Junior Cup will be on Tuesday next. County fixtures :—October 7, Lancashire v. Cu land, at Wigan ; November 4, Yorkshire v. Lane at Hull ; November 18 or 27, Cumberland v. Yo) at Whitehaven. NORTHERN UNION LEAGUE. A meetinr, of the Management Committee of the Northern Union League was also held in Manchester on Tuesday evening, Mr. J. Platt presiding. It resolved to play the international match at 'Wign January 1. It was requested that all league fixtur in the hands of the secretary not later than The August 3.

I

msde

Lber- hire,

;rkshi

s be ;daY,

wag " i• 1 1 1 ! I I ; I ....... .• k 011 ' " A • k 1 ,

===== 0002601_19050729_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FIXTURES

At a meeting of the secretaries, held on _ fixtures for the forthcoming season were Warrington's list is as follows : Sept. Jan. 2 Leigh H 1 Dewsbury ........ 9 Oldham H 6 Leeds 16 Broughton H 13 Hull 23 Wigan A 20 Swinton ........... 30 Halifax A 27 Salford Oct.

Tuesday,

arran

. 0 ..... ....... .24 ...... ..... 4 ..... • ........ •

Feb. 7 Barrow H 3 Vacant 14 Rochdale (cup-tie) ...A 10 Vacant 21 Oldham A 17 Vacant 21 Barrow Nov. March. 4 Runcorn A 10 Wigan 11 Rochdale H 17 Leeds 18 Hunslet A 24 Widnes 25 Swinton A 31 R0chda1e.......... Dec. April. 2 Widnes A 7 Hull 9 Runcorn H 13 Halifax (G.F) ..... 16 Dewsbury A 14 Hunslet .............. •L 23 St. Helens H 16 St. Helens ........... 25 Leigh A 21 Vacant.................. 26 Salford H 28 Vacant................. 30 Broughton A • WARRINGTON BRIDGE. The General Purposes Committee and

. .... . . •

...... A

.. . .... A ......

. it

To Memory Ever Dear.

seg PUfP° • from Si pos,:itt le pro avigation , is at present, missioners 1 that it be b, tie Bridges Su_f . the wideningt.',/ if, and that tse;t, and obtain exPeat Nares in favour dandringhaml is to /01 at 3. The PrinowiS cast In at Abergeldie .03 a as much as possible 10 for India. 3.0 houses of the better cl. 31 Officer of Health saYsba"-d I at if these empty hoUseS „to meats none or veryw fe i "'sever .ving underground n agnaut to persons imbuod rn sanitation." Marriages. ,—July 27th, at the Parish La"- as ay the Rev. G. A. Dearden, Tbooi ary Elizabeth Woods. Deaths Wat; the 19th inst., at Palmyra Squaro,.,,, in her 77th year, Amelia Wardman, Aeon Young. IN MEMORIAM. Mee ,ving memory of William H. Dutton w,,ast .Bth, 1903, also Maria his wife, who died Ml* 1805. 'on:r.ini;•Woortail he Is ocl • et,

===== 0002601_19050729_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Sir George Nares.

The Town Clerk submitted to the General - Committee a letter which he had received from George Nares, saying that as in his opinion the propose.t, widening of the Bridge would render the navigatioti that bend of the river more difficult than it is at presell; he was unable to advise the Mersey Commissioners approve of the proposal.—lt was resolved that it 1,2 b.. instruction from this Committee to the Bridges Llof Committee to do their best to prevent the widening,ep the Warrington Bridge beiag put off, and that Weit appoint a deputation to wait upon and obtain exP of evidence to lay before Sir George Nares in favour s uch widening.

be The new baby Prince at Sandringham' is to of christaned on Thursday, August 3. The Princs;9do Wales will spend the autumn at Abergeldie instead of going abroad, to be as much as possible No her children before starting for India. Referring to 1,300 empty houses of the better C, in Islington, the Medical Officer of Health saYsfoci " There is little doubt that if these empty houseS „uld been built without basements none or very few w-ever be empty to-day. ,Living underground in slight a degree is repugnant to persons imbued " the teachings of modern sanitation."

Marriages. TußNEß—wooDs—July 27th, at the Parish Warrington, by the Rev. G. A. Dearden, Tb° Turner to Mary Elizabeth Woods. Deaths Wor; YouNa—On the 18th inst., at Palmyra Squaro,.fe rington, in her 77th year, Amelia Wardman, J. Clarkson Young.

IN MEMORIAM. dl°3 In loving memory of William H. Dutton, Wil°,,tiSt July 28th, 1903, also Maria his wife, who died AL‘o 2nd, 1895.

Warrington.—Printed and publshed by JoilN WA,„o,l',l‘rics, & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Bewsey-street, and published by them at tue.:road place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Vioct?rarla- ice,V., WIDNES: 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS: or •'" rjo, street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street 29th. 1901. trrzcogS,

===== 0002601_19050729_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE. THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER IS NOW PUBLISHED oN FRIDAY AFTERNOON, —PRICE ONE PENNY— AND IS ON SALE AT THE VARIOUS NEWS- AGENTS AT ABOUT 4 O'CLOCK. SHOULD ANY DIFFICULTY BE EXPERIENCED IN GETTING THE PAPER THE PROPRIETORS WILL UNDERTAKE TO DELIVER A COPY AT ANY ADDRESS IN WARRINGTON BY t O'CLOCK ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE. Address all communication' to EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY STREET, wARRINGTON. SUNDAY. JULY 30TH. 1905. PREACHER : RSV. J. YONGS. 10,33 a.m. and 6.30 p.m. USUAL OFIFKRTOSISS.

BEIVE,LY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH SUNDAY NEXT. JULY 30Pn. At 10.30 Rev. R. WILKINS EBBS. At 6.30 Mr. W. LIGHT. MI Welcome. Hymn BookS provided.

_ BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHIJRUII, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JULY 301 n. At 10.30 Rev. J. MANNING. At 8.30 Rev. G. H. CARNSON• All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY NEXT JULY 30TR. MORNING : 10.45. Mr. WRIGHT. HvitNING ; 8.30. Mr. MUIR. ALL SEATS FREE. HEARTY WELCOME.

BAPTIST CHD RC H LATCHFORD, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JULY 30r. MORNING. 10.30. RVHNING 6. PREACHER Rev. JOHN FRANCIS mitTnows. Bvenlng Subject: " The Everlasting Yea." OFFBRIORIBS.

J%TAME PLATES IN GLASS, BRASS, METAL WOOD, MOTOR NUMBERS. BAXENDALES, MILLER ST., MANCHESTER.

DR. LUNN'S TOURS AND CRUISES. SWISS TOURS £5 ss. INCLUDING A WERE'S ACCOMMODATION AT LOVELY LUCHRNE, S. Y. ARGON AUT.—Mon ATTRACTIVE 14 DAYS' DECIDES TO NORWAY, ac. Po N COMPLETE PROGRAMME AND ALL INFORMATION APPLY TO PITT AND SCOTT, LTD., 4, REM/ROSS STRBRT, LIVERPOOL.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF W ARRINGTON, TO VIRE ENGINE MAKERS, AC. The Fire Engine Committee of the Council of the County Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive TENDERS ror a combined HORSE FIRS ESCAPE. CHEMICAL ENGINE (60 gallons), and HOSE ORRIAG. All further information may be obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall. on and after Tuesday the 25th of July, at which place tenders must be de- livered on or before 10 o'clock on Monday, the 28th day of August. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted, THOS. LONGDIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Borough Engineer,son eurveyor's Office. July 21st. 1605.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— TRAMWAY'S DEPARTMP NT. The ELECTRICITY and TEAMWAYO COMMITTEE of the County Porough of Warrington are PREPARED TO RECEIVE TENDERS for the supply of Junction. Curves. and Cross-over in Alien's " Imperial " Manganese Steel or Hadfleld's " Bra" Manganese Steel, and the laying of same. Drawings and Specification with Form Of Tender can be Obtained from F. V. L. Mathias' A.M.1.E.E., Borough Electrical and Tramways Engineer. Howley, Warrington, on Payment of One Guinea, which will be returned on receipt of a bona-fide tender. Tenders, addressed to the Chairman of the Electricity and Tramways Committee, Town Hall, Warrington, and endorsed "Tender for Junction, Curves. Ac." must be sealed wtth wax and delivered not later than 12 o'clock noon on Friday, 11th August, 1905. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be sompted. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington.

WANTED TENDERS FOR DECORATING GAS °MORS. lIHRSBY STREW, WARRINGTON. thaecifications and full particulars on application by 2nd dkugust next. AU Tender must be endorsed

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.- EDUCATION CO MMITTBB. APPLICATIONS ARE INVITED FOR THE POST OF lIRADMASTBR of the BOYS' IMPARTMENT of the WAR- 21INGTON PAROCHIAL (0.E.) SCHOOL. Applicants must be college' trained. The commencing salary will be at the rate of £2510 per annum, rislnig accord- ing to scale. ,_APPlicatlons must be made on the official forms, which, uDgether with a copy of the scale of salaries and other Particulars, may be obtained from the undersigned, and alust be returned to him not later than the Ilth August, 1905. J. MOORB MURRAY, Secretary aud Director. Education Office. Sankey-street. 19th July, 1905.

LANGLANDS' S /WANG'S TO OREENOCK AND tiLASCIOW. " PRINOBBS LoGISE " OR OTHER EITHAMER. rrom LIVERPOOL From GLAGSOW (Clarence Dock.) (Berths No. 22-28, North Silt). Bat, July 29th 8.30 p.m. Tues. Aug. Ist 2 p.m..4.35 p.m. Thlln. Aug. 3rd 10 p.m. Sat. Aug. sth 2 p.m...4.36 p.m. Tues. Aug. Bth 4 p.m. huts. Aug.loth 2 p.m."5.20 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Special reduced through tiokets from Warrington. Widnes etc. ORDINARY FARES FROM LIVERPOOL :—Cabin. Single. lit; Return (valid for two months) 16s. 6d. Steerage Single,ss. 61. SPECIAL RETURN TICEETEL—(vaIid for 10 days) Cabin 14s. ; Steerage 8s• 3d. M. LANOLANDS AND SONS, 14, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER. 10. RotaFORD PLLOH LIVREPOoL.

LIVERpoOL AND NORTH WALES REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS From Prince's-stage, weather Ac. 19er:rutting. 10.45 a.m —BVERY DAY by LA MAROC lifting or LLANDUDNO BRAIIKARIS, BANGOR and MRSAI 13R1DOB, (with Carnarvon connection week days) due back 3° PM. Etna,. Sailing' by ST. BLVISS or ST. TUDNu, Mondays, (excepting August 7th) Fridays and Saturdays,l at P.m. Sundays by SNOWDON at 11.15 a m., and ST. LVIBS at 2.95 p.m., with return connection from Llandudno by LA MAINWBRITB. Splendid Sea Ziacursion Llandudno and Holyhead. August 2nd at 9.30 CM. Y bto TUdbo. back 8.15 p.m. Special sailing for Bank rlilliday August 7th. Isle of Anglesey Trips by St. Tudno a•ba. bunda, August 6th,tdonday ith,and Wednesday9th, lick each day 8.15 p.m. Through booking by special trains. nYor further information apply to the Liverpool and _ orth Wales Steamship Company. Limited, T, G. Brew, ,lecretary, 40, Chapel Street, Liverpool. Tel. 6366. Illustrated 7f.tilde 3d. post free. Week-ends at North Wales Hotel and ,oat from 211. 6d, Through bookings and free conveyance between btation and Steamer.

DUBLIN, ALSO ENGLISiI LAKES. TEDCASTLE LINE. 8.8. " BLACICROCK." " CUMBRIA." " RIILANA," and " allliLA," from SOUTH Side NELSON DOCK, Liverpool livery Tuesday, Wednesday. Friday, and Saturday, to DUBLIN. RRTURN SALOON, 103.; STEERAGE, 55.; With CbesP Exouritoo Tickets BYBIRY SAILING/ DAY to slllarney, Cork, Bundoran, Bray, Wicklow, &a., Se. SPECIAL ROUND SEA TRIP. per " Cumbria." Every Saturday, to Whltehaven, giving 3 days for English Lakes thence to Dublin, and back to Liverpool (6 day or within 2 mouths). SALOON 20s. Appty TEDCASTLIE MoOORMICK & CO., LTD.. LIVER- PO/314. Telegrams, " Tedeastle." Telephone 1193,

MACDONALD'b HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCHOITIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the month by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 408. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WATLASSES, DEJ.PEB, MONDAY', 11 TO 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.I TO 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY SAM. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY ATTENDANCEI DAILY 9 A.m. To 8 P.M.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVRRLETTH I TAILS OF ) nom HAIR FRAMES, PURE 5/6 FROM 3/8 EACH. HAIR. T 8 BROWN, 3, LEECH ST WAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

TI:LE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Bowman TREASURER. fdanlcinal Offices. Warrington.

MR. T, WOODS AND FAVILY WISH TO THANK ALL FRIENDS FOR THEIS KIND SYMPATHY during their sad bereavement. Church Street, Warrington.

DANCING.-THE MISSES PARTINGTON Will resume their DANCING CLASS on WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4th at the Winmarleigh Café, Sankey-street, from 5 to 7 p.m.

EXPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES at a moment's notice for cases.—Apply NIIRS es las MIT- TION, Hope House, Hope it., Liverpool. Telephone E 570, Royal, Telegraphic,, &chives', Nurses'

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. \ 1 ESTAB. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 71 j Lue. s HARGRAVES' CIGARETTES. MANUFACTORY: SWAN-SrREET. MANCHESTER.

CHEAP GAS FOR GAS ENGINES. LIGHTING AND HEATING. ONE H.P. FOR ONE HOUR FOR 1/16 OF In. PROM 10 H.P. UPWARDS. THE INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING COMPANY, HYDE.

64 A PPEARANCES ARE NOT EVERYTHING:, Li. "There's many a good heart under a Ragged Coat.' Although I hava only a small workshop and not situated on a main thoroughfare lam able to do any job whatever in th cycle line and guarantee to give entire satisfaction in promp ness, quality and price. I can make you a new cycle and price or I can repair your cycle cheaply and well, try a emal job.—CANNELL, HE2IICETH ST., Off Li verpool rd., Sankey Bridges, Warrington. Cars stop opposite the street .

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. ACCIDENT & DISEASE Small Poz.Scarlet Fever.Typbold,Diphtheria,Appendicitis ac BURGLARY & FIDELITY INSUILANCS RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,830,000 84, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 18 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented aistrtots. AGENTS : Warrington Kr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate , Mr.W.H. RlGBEY.Nesscllffe, Viotoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr..!. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGS The Willows Bandbach Mr. F.:. FINLOW Rookery Bridges

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRiNGTON.- EDUCATION COMMITTER. APPLICATIONS are INVITED for the POST of HEAD- MISTRESS of the INFANTS' DEPARTMENT of the WARRINGTON PAROLHIAL (0.E.) SCHOOL. Applicants must be College trained. The commencinit salary will be at the rate of £ll5 per annum, rising accord- ing to scale. Applications must be made on the official forms, which, together with a copy of the scale of salaries and other particulars. may be obtained from the undersigned, and must be returned to him not later than the 11th August 194. J. AMORE MURRAY, Secretary' sad Director. Education Office. Sankey street, nth July, 1905.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— EDUCATION COMMITTEE. , WANTED, AN ASSISTANT SCHOOL ATTENDANCE INSPECTOR. Salary £65 per annum, rising by anneal Increments of £6 10s. to a maximum of £9l. Candidates. who must not be less than 21 nor more than 30 years of age, must state age and previous occupation, and be prepared to devote their whole time to the service of the Committee. Canvassing the members of the Committee, either person- ally or otherwise, will be considered a disqualification. Applications, in candidates' own handwriting,accomPAnied by copies of not more than three recent testimonials, must he sent not later than Friday the 9th August 1905, to J. MOOlllll MURRAY. Secretary and Director. Education Office, Warrington. 19th July, 19L5.

VIOTICE is; HEREBY GIVEN that a GENERAL .I.`l SHSSION OF THIS ?HACH for the County Palatine of Lancaster will be holchn at the County Sessions House. Islington, in Liverpool, on TURSDAY, the 22nd Day of AUGUST neat, at half-past ten o'clock in the forenoon pre- cisely. The Solicitors engaged in prosecutions at the said Sessions are requestrd to take notice that all instructions or indict- ments and depositions are required to be sent to the Ole of the Peace's Office seven days at least before the said Session HARCOURT E. CLASH, CLERK OF THE PELCE. Clerk of the Peace's Office, Freston, 28th July, 1005.

OfiESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL, —THE EDUCA- NJ CATION COMMITTEE of the Cheshire County Council OFFER a NUMBER of SCHOLARSHIPS for Instruction in Dairy work, tenable at the Dairy Institut, Worleston. and commencing on Monday, September 4th, 1905. Forms of application can be obtained from the under- sigued to whom they should be returned on or before August 15th. RD. P. WARD, Director of Education, County Education Offices, Cite Road, Chester.

COUNTY OF LANCASTER. REGISTER OF COUNTY VOTERS.—The Finance Committee of the County Council of the County Palatine of Lancaster are prepared to receive TENDERS from Printers having their place of Businf ss ai bin the County of Lancaster for PRINTING the REGISIER of VOTERS for the Parliamentary Divisions of the County of Lancas;tr for the year 1906. Specifications of the conditions and full particul,rs, may be obtained on application to the Clerk of the Coml.,' Council, Preston. ft nders te be teat, addressed, under seal, to the Chair- man of the Finance Committee, County Offices, Preston, on or before Monday, the 14th day of August, 1905. TheiCommittee do not bitel themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. HARCOURT E. CLaRE. Clerk of the County Council. Preston, 18th July, 1905.

LONDON & NORTH- WESTE RN RAILWAY. AUGUST BANK HOLIDAY EXCURSIONS. DURING THE AUGUST HOLIDAYS CHEAP EXCURSION TICKRTS WILL BE ISSUED AS UNDER FROM WARRINGTON (BANK QUAY). DATE. TO THURSDAY NIGHT, AUGUST 3no, SCOTLAND ALL PARTS. FRIDAY NOON AND MIDNIGHT, AUGUST 4TH, AND LONDON WITH BOOKINGS To THE CRYSTAL PALACE SUNDAY MIDNIGHT, AUGUST 6ra. AND THE CONTINENT. SATURDAY, AUGUST STH, YORK, NEWCASTLE AND NORTH-EASTERN DISTRICT. FRIDAY, AUGUST 4TH AND SATURDAY, AUGUST STH, IRELAND ALL PARIS, FRIDAY, AUGUST 4TH, SOUTH COAST WATERING PLAOII3. FRIDAY, AUGUST 4Ta, WEST OF ENGLAND. ON FRIDAY AUGUST 4Ta AND SATURDAY AUGUST sra THE SHORT AND LONG DATE TICKETS WILL BE ISSUED AS USUAL. TO SCOTLAND. CAMBRIAN LINE. EASTERN COUNTIES, NORTH WALES COAST STATIONS. LAKE DISTRICT AND FuRNESS LINE, NORTH-EASTERN DISTRICT, BLA.OXPOOL, LYTHAM, ST. ANNI2S AND FLEETWOOD, Ac., Ac. ON BANK HOLIDAY, AUGUST 7T33, CHEAP DAY EXCURSIONS WILL BE RUN TO NORTH w ALBS COAST STATIONS. KENDAL AND WINDERMERE, BLACKPOOL Ao., IiVOLVERHAMPTON, BIRMINGHAM AND LIVERPOOL. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS AS TO TIMES. FARES, CONDITIONS Ac., SEE SMALL BILLS WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED AT THE STATION. FREDERICK HARRISON, General Manager, Boston Station. London, July 1915.

LAST WEEK OF SALE! MISSES WOODS io, RYLANDS STREET, WARRINGTON, LADIES AND CHILDRENS CORSETS FROM is. OD. UNDERCLOTHING, SKIRTS, DRESSING GOWNS, &c. VERY CHEAP TO CLEAR.

HOLIDAY, BUSINESS, AND MOURNING SUITS DIRECT FROM OUR OWN WORKS, THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & To, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIALITIES IN JUVENILES', YOUTHS', & MEN'S SUITS. STYLE AND VALUE UNSURPASSED.

SMITH Sz WALKER, (LATE HOLMES AND BOOTH), MARKET-GATE, WARRINGTON, TAILORS AND BREECHES MAKERS, ARE NOW SHOWING NEW AND EXCLUSIVE CLOTHS FOR THE SUMMER SEASON. LIVERIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. TBLEPEIONE 382 Y

J. & W. DUTTON'S SALE IS NOW PROCEEDING. GREAT REDUCTIONS IN PRICES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. 16, 18 & 20 SANKEY ST, WARRINGTON.

THE HOLIDAY SEASON._ CAPITAL VALUE IN DRESS BASKETS, OVERLAND TRUNKS, VISITING CASES AND JAPANESE HAMPERS. ALSO GLADSTON E, BRIEF AND KIT BAGS AT THE VERY LOWEST PRICKS. E. COATES, 72, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. FURNISHING AND HOUSEHOLD DRAPER.

J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53 & 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. NOW SHOWING NEW STOCK OF SEASONABLE GOODS. GARDEN HOSE PIPE AND REELS, TENTS AND LOUNGE CHAIRS, CROQUET, TENNIS, AND OUTDOOR SPORTS, TRAVELLING TRUNKS & DRESS BASKETS, LARGE STOCK Ok: MAIL CARTS AND BASSINETTES IN LATEST DESIGNS. INSPECTION INVITED.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS/ 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, /Wain KARIM AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of framed Pictures. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, school Prizes, ko. Terms Moderate A PINS COLLECTION ON PHOXONNAPBE tor crystolettm and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF GOLD ENHAVINGV. Mao Copies of Pictures in the 'Continental Galleries.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. ALL THE NEWEST DESIGNS FOR THE SEASON. SPLENDID SEIOECTION OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S GOODS IN BROWN AND BLACK (LACE KID. GREAT VARIETY IN BOOTS AND SHOES FOR CYCLING, CRICKET, TENNIS, &c. UNDER THE CLOCK.

WARRINGTON Dept. SHEFFIELD An LONDON (St. Pancras) FOLKESTONE DOVER SOUTHAMPTON (Docks) BATH ll BRISTOL

WARRINGTON CAFES LIMITED. THE KING'S CAFE, BRIDGE STREET, WILL OPEN ON TUESDAY MORNING NEXT, AUGUST IS; AT TEN O'CLOCK. LUNCHEONS, DINNERS, TEAS, &c. SMOKE ROOM, LUXURIANTLY FURNISHED AND FITTED UP. ELABORATE DECOR &TIONS. ELECTRIC LIGHT. FIRST CLASS ORCHESTRA DURING OPENING WEEK. HIGH CLASS CONFECTIONERY.

FRANK HARTLEY. CLEARANCE SALE. THIS AND FOLLOWING DAYS. ALL SEASON GOODS TO BE CLEARED AT 25 TO 30 Per Cent. UNDER USUAL PRICE, USEFUL SHIRTS FOR SEASIDE AND HOLIDAY WEAR, 2/61 2/111 3/114. 82, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FREE!. FREE!! FREEIH YOll CAN TEST YOUR EIGHT AT HOER AT OUR EXPENSE. ON RECEIPT OF POST CARD WE WILL MAIL YOU OUR HOME SIGHT-TESTER. WE SUPPLY THE BEST QUALITY IN SPECTACLES AND EIS-GLASSES AT VERY MODERATE PRICES. WORTH OPTICAL Co., OPTICIANS, 97 BRUNSWICK ROAD, LIVERPOOL

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, J EWELLERS, SI LVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS DIAMONDS, GOLD ANT) SILVER WKICHES. (31 ALL 1811 LLADI3O MAXI.BB) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY 01 EVERT DZBOIIII2IOI. 30 ro 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old aold and Silver Antiques, Diamondsleto., bought or;talren;in exchange. Worley advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, Mi., to any amount at low rates et interest strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will reoeive prompt attention. TELEPHONE. 2081.

UUINNESS'S Drumm STOUT. BASSI MILD AID BITTER ALES LLLSOPP'S MILD AirD BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S 110 P BITTERS WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In OASR or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WIEWICR ROM), WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of Hmh CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Sarew-stoppered Bottles Telephone No. 179, EtTORRS. 0W1419 STIRRRT

£3 AND UPWARDS. DONT FAIL TO 1 GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND.' £3 repayable Is 6d weekly £2O repayable 7s 63 weekly. Lb , 25 Id £5O 17883 £lO 3. 63 £lOO „ 30.83., For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO,. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. HANA.GEREBB, Mlss COTTBRILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURB, 9 cm to 9 Pm. N.B.—LETTHRS PROMPTLY ATTEYDED TO. ESTABUSHED OVER FORTY YEARS.

WS. THOS, CLARKE WILL CARRY ON THE BUSINESS OF STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT TUB "EXAMINER " OFFICE, 33. MARKET STREET, BARLBSTOWN,

AkWANCES £3 TO £500.-DON'T PAY FEES As those Offices who ask for fees,will only pocket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO SURETIES REQUIRED. NO RESPEC T. ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through Illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFOKWABD dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply and be convinced to the—Manager, J. CALVERT, CLAUGHTON CHAMBERS,I, CLAUGHTON STREET opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. HEILFINEL LOANti GRANTED ON THESE TEAMS £5 TO £5OO. LOAN £5 REPAY £5 125. 6d. LOAN £lO REPAY £ll ss. 03. LOAN £2O RBPAY £22 108. Od. LOAN £3O REPAY £33 15s. Od. LOAN £5O REPAY £56 5.. Od. LOAN £lOO REPAY £ll2 10e. Od. Larger amounts in proportion. Call or write to IV JACKSON, 70 PLYMOIITH-OtIOVS, MANCHNSTBR.

HO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SHALL SUMS (NOT LESS THAN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 20 years the total amount lent by the undersigned EXCEEDED £1,250,000 He has received hundreds of unsolicited letters of thanks and has annually, for the past nine years, Issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses. terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to , GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

ESTAELIsHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANDILY, AND 13, NEVVGATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES. la hums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DANTIRM wishing for ten.porary CASH ADVANCES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BB SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO Msg. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY TRH SYSTEM OF SHALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO Ti! ii BORROvs ER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED TEARY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SbCRLICY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION , IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. !In urgent oases a Representative urn call personalty upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair deallog and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

£lO, .£l5, £2O, £25, £SO,—ADVANCE Xe/ !demi to ALL PERSONS WORLEY of CREDIT on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERMS FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit male by our Manager on same day o application who will grant you the money AT ONCE oath( setory. NOTE: THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 69, HAYDOCK STREET NEAR THE MARKET PLACE BARLESTO WN.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, 1,50, .£lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. atle Householders. on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay bask. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, TOOT OP THE CERTIUL ST4TIO/. MkruGme : JOEIN 13. GOOD WIN. .13.—RetatAlshe 1 thin trllrsas Cwantv Years.

IMPORTAVT TO BORROWERS. NO FEES.—.£IO to £l,OOO Advanced, on day of application, tor any purpose to all classes, on Om pie promissory note ; 110 security ; terms to suit borrowers ; low Interest ; any distance ; our straightforward dea!ings and easy terms are well known and recommenned; special rates for short periods ; cash advanced at barower's house It re- guired.—Apply in confidence. tTANDARD LOAN COMPANY. 4, PARKER STREET, WARRIMGION,

SYMON'S VIDER, MADE FROM RIPE APPLES, THE BEST FOR BOTTLING AND DRAUGHT, Is BEFNESHING AND DELICIOUS. OBTAINABLE AT ALL THE BEST WINE MEBCJIANT9, OR OF JOHN SYMONS AND cO.l LTD., FRUIT MILLS, TOTNES, DEVON, AND HATCLIFF. LONDON,

• THB ISIEt9 FRBNCH RBRIRDY. riIHBRAPION.—This successful and highly popular remedy 1. as employed in the Continental Hospitals by Rieord Roston, Jobert Veipeau, and others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of the blood, spots' blotches, pains and swellings of the joints, kidney, bladder and urinary disease-stricture, discharges, piles, grave/. pains in the back, rheumatism, gout, sleeplessness, nervous) and physical exhaustion, etc. Thera')lon is prepired in three different forms, Nos. 1. 2 and 3 according to diseases for which intended. Full particulars send stamped addressed envelope for pamphlet to MR. B. JOHNSON, 43. HOLFORD-PQMARE, LONDON

FOR !KORB THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUzAND:.4 or LAMES HAVH DERWIN) GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALr PILLS. HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A 1300 N 'TO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anmtnia, Giddiness, Fulness and hi:veiling after Meals. Loss of Appetite. Hysteria. Palpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, ani all Female Aliments. Boxes 90.. Is. 10., 2s. 9d.. 4r. 6d. and Ils. May be had from .11 Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the proprietors. Only Addres 309. POIsTOBBLLC-ROAD, NOTTING MILL.. LONDON.

, I;ele,':, oleg.-ler a,it'aireir•Wie •aIP a we,. is w iLawei lera-,,ord etleerie-ce le ..re aVs is mij.-. IrAllle.O. r 4•1,,,.%, 107 j. 0 IA ler_WWZ-01 4 :Ir. ‘ 1 1.0 O'D''—"Li f:4 :I'' " • AI _ ..,..-,- --. 0 --- - . --. i hnoli;Vt7 The BRITISH MEDICAL JOURNAL says ?.:10.41.1.1. i " Benger's Food has by its excellence established a reputation of its own." • oc:Tooci.„- :,..w.ti.s.'el li...lc,dhirs irli .• di Ws CI ID rim.voilical-v.r2n0c.„2,,,,,-„0. rpg37,?,1 '6 • ikvh-!4‘.1-t ,-iiiTe "li—r/rtc,•• I cl ri 1-14":141'4i'llili 1.,..."- ....I'‘-:- - - - 1--' t2:741-4 •....-ciAi-'t.attl..2l--4 ;`.ll-!,1,• .1:.!:7" - - ' ' ' ' .`.A .> "-4iplisrfcciii- t" V:. 0110 .:,, -'' .1 •',..' . ..: • % ~,,..', , (~.*,..t-'004....tra,...,* , , 'P, 14 i .1.4 ' ,' ' ,'' ,-.Xti ' " ''° •:',14/.40,,„ ~.;4, .* ', e.? x', ------,c: J.. ? •Itt. • ~ . . '4c,, L„, ''''W% P ...,-, --• 4 .-4 ~, . $ 1 Zi 6.-I\--A We. .241 _1 r for .lu- -61: k. ....i: Invalids, Convalescents. _ and the Aged. -...., 's. r 1. .. id I BENGER'S FOOD can be enjoyed and assimilated -R •girl } when other foods disagree. It forms a delicate and ri- N'it .f.i highly' nutritive cream, rich in all the elements -.2.- ._, ), oc--, necessary to maintain vigorous health, but entirely' az?, 6 free from rough and indigestible particles, which , „It- Qc-4..r It often produce irritation in delicate stomachs. r 4,,,, ilw, .f..? pm ~I-IJ ir ..,," "Retained when all other foods are rejected." ---t ...:. London Medical Record. :134 Benger's Food is sold in tins by chemists, &c. everywhere. : ....0 if"..., go. -:4-77,C4CZ-tait:3-4.41Ett:Jr..j.1.647:11' ri.' II

Colman' , . .. ~.. z • '-'4- ~:v - • ...." , , -.' mato_ :: ';'''l/' •;•1;:-.)f. --"S‘ ' trixots , v_4-!4ik,. `,l`, • tr,.....4.-4 f!' 4..J',:* as . ~,,,,s4 i,,,,„.6.11 „,ly v,::'`AirVire.tal2o°' _7.4'&.1 'kil 1' 'tf4.lo‘ ii.,/good ~ 44: - ... , _,,,it - 44.- ' 0 •4-."•-•:0' ,'` -• , 40.0 61(11`'I' _ :lii as ~,,:, ( - m li,l 111 . r ~:.. ---....... , \taw 9 _ ." til rna n s / \) '). ''-'IL - Mustard. - / i .....,_.....--_,.....---- :,,t.,.-.,,,. . . ..-.,;.., .........._____ ......

1805 Be.tif„,, CENTENARY SERIES G7b FRSE 11905 with o,e, unique, OF NELSON PICTURE c'" tar` h. TRAFALGAR. POST CARDS COLMAN'S STARCH.

CRICKET. most plasant form of entertainment d xring Bummer 1_ is the Garden Party, with its charming amusements of awn Tennis, Croquet. Badminton, and Lawn Bowls, every requisite for which is made in its greatast perfertion by the f (lOUS manufacturers, GEO. G. Bosemr 54 Co, Ask local Soorts Outfitter for their Catalogue. If not procurable,apply to 36 and 33, Queen Victoria at., London. Factories— Peckham, London ; and Blmswell, Suffola.

411 What to eat - -II in Summer is told you in the booklet " Summet Dishes "—a dainty collection of recipes fot light and nourishing Summer fare, made with Brown & Poison's PATENT Corn Flour. A post-card to B. & p,, paisley, will bring you the book free by return.

s* AIDS DIGESTION. BRACES THE NERVES 'e` pLAsmoN ((k........_ COCOA \ ....... Is non-heating. One cap contains more nourishment than 10 cups ut aay ordinary cocoa. _ is am% se. IA sat Mg t

I STRETTON AND APPLETON V. WIDNES WHITE ROSE I2ND.—Played at Widnes on Saturday resulting in a win for the visitors. Score:— WIDNES WHITE ROSE. STRETTON AND APPLETON. Turton run out 4 G. Hatton b Turton... 15 Biggs c Hughes b Moor- C. Hallows b Barber 0 field 5 Hughes c Turton b ! Barber b Hughes 6 Barber 1 Davies c Moortield b Moorfield b Turton Hughes ; Drout b Moorfield Haney c Austin b Hatton 22 Isherwood bSAVelling 0 Dean b Ilatton 6 Austin not out ' Price b Hatton 0 S:nith b Haney A. \Veiling b Hatton ,S. Welling run out 0 Mercer did not bat i Boyle not out Extras l2 Extras Total WARRINGTON Sr. PACL'S v. PIINKETH FRIENDS' SCHOOL.—Plityed at Penketh on Saturday. Score : ST. PAUL'S FRIENDS' SCHOOL. 1 S. Mason c& b Dudley... 36 Mr. Pround c A. E. H. Mean c Maudsley b Gardner b Ward 0 Dudley W. Lawless c Proud b Mr. Brown b Lawless 7 Dudley H. Perdue b Dudley J. Wilson c Proud b Mr. Thorpe not out ... 3 Brown F. Gardner h Brown 4 b \Vaywell P. Gardner b Brown 0 Howard b Lawless 0 J. Ward lbw b Brown ... 10 Elleshaw b Waywell 5 J. Waywell b Brown 7 Pollard (i) c Lawless IH. Pennington not out 7 b IVaywell lA. Gardner not out 0 Pollard (i) b Waywell 0 Extras Total *lOl Total *lnnings declared. SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. GLAZEBURY.—PIayed on Saturday, at Glazebury. Score : WIRE MILLS. GLAZESBURY. F. Taylor c and b Wood 17 Flitcroft c Walsh bN. Hawthorn c Mather ...... 0 Cook ! Turton c Mort b W00d... 4 Kerfoot c Turton b Walsh b Mather 1 Gleave 1 Burton c Mort b Wood 1 Collier c N. Cook b Woodcock lbw b Wood 0 Gleave Brough run out N. Cook not out 5 Seddon b Gleave 1 B. Taylor b Mather R. Cook b Mather 4 Mather c Turton b N. Gleave b Mather Holden cWalsh bGleave 4 Woods c N. Cook b Weave Mort c Woodcock b Gleave Peters not out 6 Extras . Total 5B Total WARRINGTON CO-OPERATIVE V WARRINGTON POLICE —Played at Arpley on Tuesday. Score:— CO-OPERATIVE. POLICE. Banner c Thompson b Armstrong c Banner b Hayes.. 7 Barker : Bennion c and b Hayes... 1 Whitby run out ... Birch b Holland 1 Roberts run out 0 Mann b Hayes lO Holland b Birch 0 Taylcx c Newey b Hayes 1 Hayes b Banner Banner, jun., c Hayes b Newey b Bennion Armstrong Taylor b Hayes Barker b Houghton Bates b Hayes 0 Evans c and bßehanion 1 Kenwright b Houghton 1 Higginbottom bßanner 2 Oakes not out 3 Thompson not out 0 nuns Total 39 Total • 33

T OVith'S SNORKT INK /MINI,— Iniislble in day- Li light ; like fire in darkness. Wonderful novelty. Price. Is. td. Write now.—XILLER, A.snenden, Bunting- ford.

I ICE.—Suits. 21s. ; Gostuates, 15s. ; Weis Skirts, ; II Blouses, Is. Bd. Cash with order ; state size. Carriage, 3d. any artiele.—JolsEs. M. Adelaide rd.. Shepherds Bush.

HOLIDAY HAMPIIRS, • Japanese • with strong leather straps. Enormous sale. Post free on receipt Of is. for 12 inch ; rise 3d. per inch to 24 Inch, 45.—Luxmooa, Highbridge. Som.

441111 OLDSN'S POSMi."—The Book for the Holidays (over 1 201 pages), on every subject ; handsomely bound; price 3s. 6d. post tree.—Apply to W. W. YOLDEN, 169, Bird- in-Bush rd., 5.5. TUST the Book for the Summer Holidays.—" Poiden'; t.l Poems "(over 200 pagesbon every subject ; handsomely bound; price 3s. 6d.. post tree.—Apply to W. W. POLDEN, 169 Bird-In-Bush r 4.. S.ll.

't[OIC CORN La. ai int t e ea de a at rboa oy .1 Itea ryd safeand et( t Lvi Corns wltboit pain.an certain. Trial will prove worth: Post h.—CARTER, 31 Donaldson rd., Kilburn, Lonaon.

(Bargain) Double breech-loadtr,latest Improvements, VT quite new. 12-bore tat action rebounding locks, well finished and nicely balanced, splendid killer ; approral, 35a —SPoRTSMAN, Tudor St.. Merthyr.

OST BBAUTIPOL[kWh; undulated Grass Parrakeets; iYJ hardy. prolific, great pets. only 6s. 6d. pair ; approval if desired on receipt of postal order.—Address, PERFECTION AVIARIES. High st., Blyth, Northumberland.

MIOREIGN STAMPS 111 Foreign otamps I I I Foreign Stamps 111 Collection 200 entirely different Foreign Stamps, many really choice (worth 24.) sent post free for 40. only.—}ionosofir, 23. Richmond Avenue, Leeds.

SPECIAL PURUHASEI.-20,135 yards finest Scotch Zephyrs, checks. stripes, suitable for dresses, shirts, blouses, at about half—price ; il 6d. per yard.--bend for patterns to WILLIAM HITLAIE, Ltd., Southport.

KT ISTTING. L tiTTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, 11 Ring Nets. Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description. THOMAB JOHNSON'S, Net Warehouse 38 Corporstion-street, Manchester.

USICAL ALARM CLOCKS in beautiful Nickel Cases. .I.VI Braas Fronts, Olivia Sides. Plays 2 Airs ; sets to go off at any time. Carriage paid, 9s. 6d ; money returned if not satisrlert.—THomPaorr k Co.. Wellington et . Kettering.

DtINTY PRBSBNTS for Ladies t ! !—Celluloid Manicure Set. beautifully designed. mounted with lovely green stones, Is. 6d. ;CeituloU Trinket Bok, untarnishable Silver- plated Mounts, Is.—Hopueow, 23. Richmond Avenue, Leeds.

VllteT AID —Pocket Dispensary, contains Bandages, Plaster, Vaselino, everything for Accidents, Headache, Ac. Full Directions. is pout tree. A boon to cyclists. Agents wanted.—GBANGER 061,43. Co. 202 Strand, London.

(.2LUGI DHATH t—Marvellous Discovery ; Instant death to KJ all Insects. Will act as a powerful fertiliser without Injuring the tenderest vegetation —Post free. Is 3d. per tin, of W. J DA.witION & CO.. 26 Thane Villas, London. N. Try it.

To Pictorial Postcard Collector..—Twelve beautifully 1_ coloured Views, Actresses. &a., Bth Nine lottely Actresses, 6d, Twelve magnificently coloured Views of London, 61. ; sent separately through post, 11.—H. warm, 31 Harwood Terrace, London, B.W.

rro BB SOL D.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works. lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lana, with siding to the railway. Suipl.hie for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HOMING, 18 Fenwiok-street, Liverpool.

ti‘DRUG AND FOOD NOSTRUMS."Aboolutely invaluable to 12,000 050 unconscious dupes. Gives the correct Composition, real cost. and true therapuetie value of all the leading patent pills, tonics, cures, obesity reducers, hair restorers Az., ls. 4d. post free.—H. MARTIN, 131, Btsmford at , London, 9 R.

stone COD. LINO, H &ODOOKS. 104 ; 7 stone 1. Plaice, 128. ; Heedless Haddocks. is. 4d. per stone ; Salt Cod. 2s. per stone; Finney', Ss per stone; Kippers and Bloaters. 2s. 6d. per box ; Oysters. 6s. per ID ; bass of selected Fhb, 21. 61. ; Red Herrings. 2s. 6d. per box.—Lan Y & Sox, Fish DOCK. Grimsby.

66 A liIIISDREN CLUB" wHidKY.—Sole Proprietors, 0 tc W. STEWART, 19 Adelphi. Aberdeen. listablished 183 . An umoliciterl Record This Whisky ig tiett In the ethers and higher alcohols which confer on GENUINE MALT WEBRY, modified by age. its esteemed specific dietetic properties. It has a grand tisoctur, and Is In a ttwronghly sound condition for consurnptton." (Signed) J. Grant- Stephen, Ph.D., Director of leboratorles, the International Institute of Physiology and Hygiene, 11, Queen Victoria it., London, 11.0.

b flour I.VIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE TEE ACME OF PERFECTION. SIIBFFIRLD MA.KB, WARRANTED, POST FREE 21 41. 6n., AND ss. 6D J. O. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

MIOR ItHICUMATIStd and GOUT, try Ducklaw's Health 1: Tea ; sure cure ; post paid for Is. 1#(1. ; write to-day. —Address Bucto..aw's HEALTH TEA, 93, Grainger It., Darlington.

VCZEB4A and Irritating Skin Troubles.—Simple Treat- Jll meLt that cured me has cured others. Will cure you. Remember, you stay cured. Is. P.0.--Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, Park rd., 'Wield Wash. /Loin TIKL—The lucky charm that helped to win the _IL Derby. Genuine New Zealand Greenstoue, real gold- mounted, post fres 2s. Id.—CoLotster, GEM CO., Colonial Exhibition, Crystal Palace.

CitlEßEA.S.—H7erythincr Photographic. Cheapest house in the trade ; send 2d. stamps for 130 pp. catalogue. Worth ls. as book of reference. Everything guaranteed.— APPLETON, Kentish Corner, Tanhridge Wells,

BAKBRS and CONFBOTIONBRS, Middlesex : £230. For Sale, 9f Sacks at sfd. ; ibop Trade RS to ; Stock, Fittings, Utensils, Horse. Cart, and Barrow. Bent: £36. Must sell : 11l heaIth.—SNELLING'B, Wealdstone.

MA BQUSH. -14 ft. by 9ft., with ridge poles, 2 centre poles, 6 wall poles and curtains, 6 knobs, 2 flags, pegs, lines, guy ropes and mallet, f .1. £3 10s. ; 3Cft. by 16ft., complete. with 12 wall poles, £7 101 ; 501 t. by 161 t., com- plete, wit 25 wall poles,El4 ; 90ft. by left.. complete, with 50 wall poles, £2l. Splendid Bell Tents, 401 t in circum- ference, regs, poles, mallets, complete. 35e. each.—B. °AMON, GOVernMellt Contractor. Rye.

IHINA, GLASS and kIARDWH BUS& tor Sale kJ main road ; splendid stand.—Particulars apply J. Suor.ow, Estate aud Business Agent, Union Bank Buildings, Warrington.

VANCY REPOSITORY FOR DISPOSAL in principal street of manufacturing town. Good living accommodation. Double fronted shop. Particulars on application.—MAsox, E 25. Stamford at.. Ashton-under-Lyne.

To INV IitITOISS.—For Sale : 250 First alortgage DePen- .l. Lure Bonds, carrying Interest at 5 per cent per annum, payable half-yearly,prlce £47 10s. Amply secured —Apply to RICHARD & Co., 5 Broad it. House. London.B.C.

123COBLLB/ir MILK BUSI.NhBi FOU dALß.—Seillng 170 EJ gallons weekly. Together with Bartbenware Shop (well stocked), Horse. Float, Trap, Barrow-Cart. Staples, Piggeries (twelve pigs) Very low rent. !Good living aocom- modation. One delivery daily. Connection for porterlng. —Apply ASTLEY-BTREET DAIRY, DUkinfield. BO agents need apply.

WORK AT ROME : Sure living; experience unneces- sary ; stamped envelope.—S., Ll 3, City rd., London. TONGINEBE —Charge of Machines,Bollers,Plumblng.4 H. W.Wages moderate.—S.W HITMAN,ROyiItOII Park,Pinner OA" LD BLROTRIO LAMP TOPS Bought. 100 upwards,— Box, 2985, Go SHARRow & THATCHER, Holborn Place, !London, W.C.

FIPHIRTY PER =QT.—This proAt can be earned on any sum. No agents.—Adores Z Q. M., 1:1,x 2481. c/o SHARROW & THATcliza, Holborn Place, Loudon, W.O. 17INA3011.—livery Multiple of PA can be received in pro" JL: table matter and produce excellent results, no agents. —Address, Z. H.L., at Whitworth HirA'd, Creed lane, B.C.

A DOPTION.-1103110 WANTHD for boy one year. and LA for baby boy few weeks old, healthy, no premium nor payments. References eaehanged.—Watsliaw, Orphanage, Arnelde, Carnforth.

V DUNG Man (32), abstainer, excellent references, 1.. DESIRES EMPLOYMENT. Caretaker; any position of trust ; garden-labourer.--Fxasx VICZEBB, Spurstow, Tarporley, Cheshire,

v OUNG MEN (strong) WANTBD for Fatm Work in 1 Ontario, Canada. Situations provided immediately on arrival.—For particulars apply ONTARIO OVEBNMENT A 0 EN Clr 7, James it.. Liverpool.

lIOLNIB,WOOD WRSLIIYAN DAY sumuoL.— ASSISTANT MISSTRBSS,Art. 50,accustomed to tesob. ing Infants and Standard 1,, for August 803.-7. H. Solna- WORTH. 40. SUSIPX ro.d. Ronthoort•

ALL hoing Country Cottages or Bungalow* to Let or for Bale should send Photo. with fullest particulars (i.e., accommodation, cost, drainage, water). tor speedy disposal, to Covrttuaer AND Go??, Architects, Birkbeck Bank Chambers, Holborn. London.

ADINS wishing to Increase their Incomes, Introdce to LA their friends the Black and bright domestic specialities. Liquid Black Lead, ,to. Free samples ; no bouse-to-bonsa canvassing; no outlay; good bonus.--Bc.acx & BRIGHT, Limited. 9Great St. Helens, London, HAI

,j GISNTi.—MALR or 1013MAL14. wt.ple or spare time for ti Wa rrington. Barlestown, Widnes, Lymm, Sankey, for new Sick ano Araident Co , with large capital ; exceptional terms for pushful aents.—Write in first instance, DISTRICT AGIC:4T, General Accident, de., Co., Ltd., 2, Pierpoint et., Warrington.

WANTHD HEN, Young and Old, to write for °or book "How to become an itlectrioal Engineer "? sent post free. It tells how thousands gain better positions and salaries studying Electrical or Heonanic.al Engineering at Home by post enlorsed by Thomas A. Edison and British Electricians.—Address ELECTRICAL HNGINRER INSTITUTE 07 CORRESPONDENCE INSTRUCTION, 413, Norwich House, 13 Southampton Street Holborn, London.

CANADIAN HAIWNSk. WsH have official intimation that this Year there is every prospect of there being a Bumper Crop In Manitoba, and horn information received we are officially informed th,t at the very least 37,000 Hands will be required. Wages for Inexperienced Farm Hands ranging from El per week A.delaide (including Board and Lodging) and upwards.—For further Information apply personally or by letter to K. K. KENDALL 28, 14IC10n it.. J.C. (near Broad at., Station) and 4, st.,Charlng Cross,W.C. (side of St. Martin's Cturch),London.

CEI n.,,HIRE.—WINCH M HALL, Lostock Gralam. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SOHOOL FOR GI tiLS. Large Mansion and Playing Fields. Racelleac Resident Staff. Great successes recent Examinations. 50 Certificates gained last Term. AUTUMN TERM begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references, views. from Miss PARKES. Principal.

MR. ERNEST WIL.KES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Mnsio,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' praatioe.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

(410LJTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL, Scarisbrick 13 New-road. One of the LARGBST PRIVATB SCHOOLS fn the North of England. Staff Includes a B:A., a B.Sc., and an Officler d' Acad6mie etc. Languages, Science and Commercial subjects at inclusive fees. CAPT. J. C. UNDBRWOOD, A.C.P., F.R.G.S.. Head Master.

HlOli del:1001., 23, WILSON-PATTEN STELE t', WARRINGTON.—Dix MISSES PARTINGTON (Oer- tlficated Oxford Higher Local, Trinity College. London, etc.) Preparations for Exarnioationi optional ; 30 suwesies during one year.—NRXT TBII3I WILL COMMENCE TUESDAY, SEPTERBER 19th, 1905. Prospectuses. testimonials, etn., on appilcatlon,

WARRINGTON GliANlMeilt tiCIIVOL —ME NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY, bEPTEMBIIki 14TH. The HEAD MASTER whl be at the School to Inter- view parents on WMONESDAY, SEPIAIMBER 13th, from 11 to I and 3 to 5. NEW PHYsIOS AND CHEMICAL LABORATORIES, LECTURE BOOM, Ac. PRErARATORY FORM for boys from 8 to 12 years of age PROSPEJTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION.

BARGAIN.—Gent's Iligh-grade Coventry Idacbine, per lectly new, not soiled ; best tyres and tubes ; plated rims, free wheel, rim brake, gas lamp, and accessories ; sacrifice, R-3 l9s. 6d. ; approval willingly. HUSBAND, Clai rgrove House, Ashcom be rd.. W eston n per- gare.

ruo GYCLISTS.—The CYCLIST'S FsIEND. No more 1 porous Tubes. This marvellous Rubber Rejuvenator will make old and porous Tubes as airtight as wben new, Bent post free, with written g”arantee, for a Is. Special terms offered to Captains and Secretaries of Cycs4) Clubs.— J. JAMES. 86 Belgrave r. Wr.ltharnstow, London. STARTLING FACT.—GENUINE OFFER. Cash, per month Royal Falcon Cycles £6 10e. or £7 10s. at Es. Royal Falcon Cycles £8 Bs. „ £9 9s. „ Bs. Royal Falcon Cycles,2 speed gear £8 lUs. .. £9 10s. „ 88. Rudge-Whitworth Standard £7 15s. „ £8 15e. ~ Bs. Rudge-Whitworth Specials £lO Os. „ Ell Oa „ 81. Swift. Specials £7 15s. „ £8 15.. ~ 81. Sunbeam Royals £l6 16e. „ £l7 17s. 1.5 s 19oTE :—CHALLINOR OFFERS TO ALL BUYIIRS OF CYCLRS by deferred payments that in case of sickness or out of work payments may be suspended. NO COLLICCTORI EMPLOYED. NO SELLING OF ACCOUNTS TO MONEY LENDERS AND OTHERS. DEAL ONLY WITH CHALLINOR, 100-102 BRADSHAW GATE BOLTON. LISTS FREE. BELLING AGENTS WANTED

TAACHSHUNDS.—HIgh-elass DACHSHUND PUPPIES 11 from I:rize stock, Champion Brandeaburton Maxims strain, one guinea each.—E. PEMBERTON. Lindon avenue, Altrineham.

AUGHTON and SONS, Farmers. etc., Bourn Cambridgeshire, can always supply fast growing PIGS tiom 15s, to Qs eacb. Carriage 'Aid. Cash with Order. Bankers; London and County, at. Neots.

ei_MBENGROCERS AND OTHRHB.—Smart Welsh Cob, 5 years; warrant same sound, quiet and a good workers. any trial to good home befere purchase ; light Cart and Harness almost new ; lot £8 10s., or separate ; real bargain. must sell at MEM—Apply 33, STOCK OTTO:EV Off Lord street, Cheetham 14111 roan. near Cheetham TOWD Hall, and Corporation street, Manchester.

EIOR SA.LEI OR EXCHABGH, large quantity Brick I. Machinery and Plant, any reasonable terms. Plattio machines, ' Bradley &Craven,' 3 engines, Concrete Mixer, &c, In., DURA NT, Brickwork., Northampton,

TT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE to BUY YOUR LUBRI- CANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-CLASS NON- CORROSIVE largest sale In the world. ENGINE OIL, 11td., CYLINDER OIL, 110., MACHINERY OIL 110., SPINDLE OIL, 90., GAS ENGINE OIL, Is. 6d., DYNAMO OIL, 16. 6d. per gallon ; in barrels, tree and carriage paid. RELIANCE LUNRICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 and 20. Water lane, Great Tower at . London. 11.0 Also 99. Great Clyde it., Glasgow; I,Sandhill,Quayside,Newcsstle-on-Tyne

pATHNT F M ANC UM S CrrißLlawED rw 1835. Messrs. 4ROSIGH DAVIRS & SON have tool more than 40 years personal experienoein connection with this Hstablish• ment,andpossesspractiaalknowledge of the ootton,wooller and Iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d, " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price Is. RHORISH DAMS, C.H., & SON, P.1.P.A., M.S.A C. ST. ANN'S SQUABS. HANCHNSTTIR

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMIT D (late Ormerod, Grierson and Co.), Hu!me. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PLILLIIII PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Pi"!ey and Tooth Block Patterns &c., telonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., Londorproad Iron Works, Manchester, an:. are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, tiillwrlght,and all Idris of Bngineering Work promptly—Catalogues of Wheels and Pulley Patterns on application. NT., NO. 229, Manchester: Telegraphin address: " Ormerod Gr.arson. Manchester'.

UNSIGHTLY SPOTS ON PACE POuITIVIICY OLN/lIISD ; no lotions or medicines whatever ; treatment simple ; but certain ; sole cost instructions, ls. 6d• Write HUDSON. 63. Holme Blount, Bradford.

TERM MARRIAGE) —lts Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women ; a new edition jolt publiabeel Post free 3s. Bd. London. —SHELLEY et Co., LTD., 38, Graceehuroh It.

PDROP. VEREHR'S REMEDIES.—AnsemIa, Bronchitis Billow nese, Indigestion, MiaowAtom, Eczema, Piles Obesity, dm, speedily cured. Medicine ls. lid. per bottle post free is. 3d. ; Hair Restorer, 11. per bottle. PROP. VERNER. (U.S.A.). 15, Vernon at. Bolton.

pLACKPOOL.--The NORFOLK BOARDING ZSTABLISH- II MINT, 11, Lanedowne Crescent. Claremont Park. Unrivalled position immediately facing Irish Sea. Moderate tariff.--F. HARROP, Proprietor.

TAOUGLA.4.—CHALMIIKS' York bOAHDINCF ESTAB- LISHMIINT, Castle Terrace, Central promenade, Trams pass from steamers, First-class table. Terms from se. 6d. per day. Cr-ntral and best position on front.

pOEIHU—aII (for GLANI'd thatlatsWa.lo.—tto,r 'was. boating, fishing, uathing. Seaside, North Ireland ; dry, bracing atmosphere; atlantic breezes ; rooms, service, meals, 355. to 425. a week inclusive.—Tee WHITE House HOTEI (1, Portrnsb, co. Antrim, Write for Bookl t.

Elmanias' ARIUS HOTRL, PADGATIL—PICHIC 1. PARTIRS awl CYCLISTS CATREND FOR. Goad Billiard Hoorn, large and small table. Good Bowling Green. Trains leave Central Station for Padgate afternoons at 12.:8. 1.41, 2.5, 3.55, 4.53, 5.33. 6.5, 7.10 Plenty of suitable train, for returning. —Joe. ROBERTS, Proprietor.

DLACKPOOL.-BROOKLACIDS BOARDIN.) ESTABLISH - 1J 11114 NT, 12,Tyldealey Terrace,Promenade. All windows overlook sea, three Piers; aspect. Drawing, Dining, Writing, Smoke rooms. re-turnished ; excellent cuisine ; terms moderate inclusive. Tel. 0194. Telegraphic" Brook— lands, Blackpool "—H. WTSEMAN. Propriei

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTE.LS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET; CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ABERY6TWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most comfortable Family Hotels In Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 2k guineas per week, or Ss, per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from Ss. Table d'Hote at 6.6) o'clock For TARIFFS &C„ apply to W. H. PALSIBR. PROPRIETOR.

BATTEN ARMS HOTEL, WARRINVIDN UP-TO-DATE CATERING, • ORDINARY DAILY, le. 6d. 12.30 To 2.30, SERVED IN DINING-ROOM. COFFEE ROOM LUNCHEON A 8 ueuAL, 12.30 TO 2.30. PRIVATE ROOMS FOR SMALL LUNCHEON PARTIE3 ALWAYS READY. SPECIALITY—AFTERNOON TEAS 4 &moor T 1 5.30.

SOUTHPORT. 'HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38. CHAPEL-sTREET. EfirIBIATES GIVEN, VHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEUT ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

WORCHSTHR.—Private APARTNISNTS ; two sitting, three bed ; near post, golf, station ; healthiest part— WOODVILLE, IhinDOW Hill. •

SCARBORO'.--Superlor APARTMENTS, public or private, or board ; good cooking ; piano ; w.o. ; reference if required.-158. PROSPECTUS RD.

JaCKBOOL.—A borne from borne; public and private P APARIMEBT9 ; central; three minutes' walk sea road, Camden- Mrs. I.4Yoonic, Osborne House. MO at. rijoad, Ftrar° "Ref9e3l:encHerseeikfngeaskired. T ONDON.—Private Holiday APAHT3SPINTS for Working lice.EngllsrsdroWseß.

B sea and epfloaantot;io peal ono, Bath, LAp OKmPe On gOdLe. —2 mA nA. TbMed&eklu TdSat 24 —Mrs.lA. BROA.DIEUWIT, Harputhey House, 33, Lonsdate rd., South Shore.

T ANCA2HIRII.—APARTMENTS, one sitting, two bed rooms. bath ; golt links within three miles ; unrivalled mountain and sea atr.—Mrs. DEASON, Fern Lea, Devonshire terrace. Klrhy-in-Furness.

DUNOON (on Clyde),- FURNIB(DID RC:Riad:ale; Apartments. with attendance ; particulars free by stating requirements and period.—G. CHALMERS ?actor,, Moir at.. Dunoon. Tel. 1 r 4.

RYL.—Comfortable APARTMBNTS, nese •e%; central, good cooking and attendance.—Mrs. SMITS. 42, Joh. Rhydymor, Street.

SQOARBOROUGH.— Comfortable; splendid situation ; good cooking and *attendance. Moderate.—Mrs. GREEN, 1, Harley terrace, Scalby rd. DU/MlN.—Visitors can have COMFORTABLE BRO- ROOMS, central ; moderate ; board If required.—Mr. Ronikisoic, 37, Lower Gardiner it. DLACKPOOL.—just what you're looking for. Refined, 1) Homelike APARTMENTS.—Mrs. VVOMERILEY, 13, Lonsdale rd., off Lytham rd.

I lOLWYN BAY.—.APARTMENTS, beautiful situation ; V moderate terms ; well recommended.—Write Mrs. HOYLFS. Victoria House, Conway rd. BLACKPOOL—Pub:ic and Private APIkEtTMHNTS, three minutes from Central Station ; piano and blttt.—Mrs. PIERCE. Culunlo House, 11, Palatine rd.

SOUTHPORT : 11, LEICEMTER STRkET.—Well•furialsh-e-1 APARTMENTS ; good cooking; newly decorated ; situate between Promenade and Lord-street. NIRS. PAMIR, 66 Regent rd., Morecambe W.R.— VIcITORS WILL REUNITE EVERY ATTENTION. Two minutes, from sea; beds 21. per night. HEALTH R RSOR.T. In Cotswold Hllls. TM ON TS good attendancs ; moderate terms.— W HITWO11211; Gloster House, Wootton-under-Edge, Gloucester.

HAttßOClAT}l.—Lyndhurst, 142, Valley drive, comfort- able APARTMKNIS or BOARD ; pleasantly situated, near moor; gardens and bat/al.—Mrs. T. Roma.

INT" BIUGHTON 2 min. from Pier and Promenade; clean comfortable Apartmeors, private or public ; good cooking ; moderate.—ARDFOYLK Honex, Tollemache at. ----. IHRLAND.—Charming seasicle.—repoici APAitTMltliai Bede 2e. plc night (two can occupy); with bo%rd 38. DICKE:WRY, Mereharn Terreen, White Head, near &Hite..

A BBRYSTWYTH.—Superior Furnished APART MISTS La. excellent cooking and attendance; close to sea and pier ; moderate terms.—HaL, Ochor-y-Bryn, Yrefor rd. ITALB OF CLWYD. 110? dB FROM HOMB. Comfortable V sitting and bedroom. Splendid mountain scenery. Plano. 10s. 6d, week two pereona.,a ttendance.—Mr. GREEN , 15 Castle Hill. Denbigh, North Wales.

14LACKPOOL Comfortable Central APARTMENTS; • well recommended ; public or private ; all room, have promenade and sea—view. Beds le. 6d. a night.—MlS. ROTHWKLI, Wellington House, 4. Iroahall rd.

BIACKPOOL.-51re. KIRBY Derwent House 51, Aber; Road, Supeilor APART SIIINTS redecorated thoughout with or without board; Splendid Position within one minute Central Station, rromenade and all amusements.

NORFOLK COAST.—Arnidet pine woods and sem air. Guerts received throughout the year. Own grounds of many acres —Write Mrs. BRoWNE, The Pines, Kelling Heath. Holt. Norfolk.

rpo SS LIST for summer or longer, a commodious sesside 1. FURNISHED HOUSE in its own grounds. Stable and coach-house. River nsblng.—Apply J. 8., Tyneba. Llanduks, Abergele, N. Wales.

QOUTHPORT.—Tbe Osborne. 20, Promenade ; superior APAKTaIIifiTS, board if required ; thaw possible, close to all amusements, and Hallway ctation ; piano, bato, w.C, every floor; beds from 2s. 6d. per night.—Mrs. fdariesrat.t. DEGANWY, near Llandudno.—TO BB LBT, Furnished. Beau !fully Situated Private RUSIDBNCII ; 5 bed, 2 reception rooms, bathrooms, ; pretty garden ; 3 guineas weekly. Apply 8., The Avenue, North fdadoust,Llandudno.

LACKPOOL.—APARIMIINTd, with or without Boards I) live minutes from Central Station and Sea; bath and piano. A home away from home. Parties catered for.—Mrs. OARFIT STARicr, (from Il(ndley Green), 68, kirdington Road off Central Drive, Blackpool.

BLACKPOOL HOW TO 888 IT.— OONeULT CALVEIiT'S TAKH A FUBNI•.IIICD HOLISM. Send particulars of acoommodation required; locality, and about weekly rent. Also Apartments ; Houses to let and to be sold, unfurnished. Mortgages negotiated. J. HINDLE CALVERT, House and Estate Agent, 3 Talbot Chambers, Blackpool.

NOTICE. THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER IS NOW PUBLISHED ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON, —PRICE ONE PENNY— AND IS ON SALE AT THE VARIOUS NEWS- AGENTS AT ABOUT 4 O'CLOCK. SHOULD ANY DIFFICULTY BE EXPERIENCED IN GETTING THE PAPER THE PROPRIETORS WILL UNDERTAKE TO DELIVER A COPY AT ANY ADDRESS IN WARRINGTON BY 5 O'CLOCK ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE. Address all communications to EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

teLbt "Cyaminer " f.-erto plug WARRINGTON .I.IID MID-CRESHIRE EXAMINER, lialied every Saturday morning. RUNCORN Ex/MINER, published very Friday after _L noon. It Is the best weekly paper Ii the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advet•- tisers. rilllE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Friday after 1. noon. Wianea contains the largest number of chemicals works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly grow- ing centre of industry. THB EIRLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoo,... THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER. nublisned every Friday afternoon. PREPAID ADVERTISESIENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES POUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three RIX ;1 Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 ......... Is. Od. ... 2a. 6d. 4s. Od. 45 64

THE EXAMINER. JULY 29th 1905.

W. T. WILLIAMS' SUMMER SALIZ NOV" PROCEEDING. MILLINERY, JACKRTS, DRESSES, SKIRTS, BLOU3ES, ETC. kT CuEARENG PRICE'S. SHE WINDOWS. WHITH HOUSE. SANKEY STREEr, WARRINGTON.

FOUND • THAT FOR QUALITY AND VALUR TN WINES AND SPIRITS FULTONB Itai. CANNOT BE BEATEN. FULTON BROS. 20, RENSHAW STREET. LIVERPOOL. ALSO AT FULTON'S BUILDINGS. ROCHDALE. Telephone 2261 Royal, Liverpool.

The Children's Corner League, FOUNDED BY UNCLE NED. in olio "I shall pass through this world but once; any good dee.l, for therefore, that I can do, let me do it now, for I shall not pass 1905: this way again." 33 wish to become a Member of the Children's Corner League. Address Age last Birthday Signature of Parent or Guardian

-- ._ , ~. _ . k - '-'• . -1.. e...„•••„. • -'40•• , . , ::--- .e ' "-----...0,-- :-." „-r•P • •,,, ' ,--.---- ...- , ..',l r -rt` • ~ ‘ , t ..... *:: • EXTRACT OF HERBS. . MAKES THE FINEST ' Herb Beer at Home. - . S.V. \\.' '.''' what you are drinking. ' MASON'S ct et ah ;est."dt 471'1 arta . Just the thing for 11.6 Children's Corner. ... ~ • . A 6d. Bottle males 8 gallons. . , • SOLE MAXIS.— .. • . Newhall Cc Mason, Nottingham. . .. ~ ~ -•.:,,,.....:•., i ~.- , -4, .-..,...-„ ',Se•o , S'.-a kftc.M^,;'r ~,` , ....,. . ft!' 'n,,,,.' • ii%_'''...,''':: '' ' - . r (IF- iiiTILL co f 9 Sin :ACING OP 1111 NEW BART Alln Ir. Cr omen. mile. 3,0 u have seen our LATEST ILLUS- . fs . f,' s's TRATED CATALOGUE yo. c.. tor., .. - - possible idea of Ant xtretl„,' ."d1 Mhtlf,hrc7;'„4; . iiiii, make BABY THE OBSERVED OF ALL OBSERVERS, and we make a stipulation ... , that whatever is purchased from iit if not --"' ipproved of. will he taken luck and the rennet' ' returned. seSondt.h;tfol, D.,Uoonceoemdoh,:ti;enent o fear ot ..„.. . . THE CELEBRATED C.B. OUTFITB. No. x contains rE well. made, servicestNe Garments and x dot Napkins for Al IS. No. 1 a handsome set 01 211 Garments and 3 d .. • Nankin, for £2 2n. 6) cm ) .' .'-0L....--. .- No. 3 has sr beautifully de.igned Garments and T doe. Napkins for RA 45. ". CONSTANTINE BROS. (Dept. C.C.). EOLTON.

YOU CAN'T DO BETTER THAN CHOOSE 17,:t'v-ii7l- -441. ,t-mel sx-t. *i 1.„ The most popular bicycles of the 1905 season.. Great reputation, and full of the good qualities that constitute perfection In cycle manufacture. Machines of highest excellence at the most moderate prices ever heard of. POPULARS. Ifyde Free Wheel, Two Rlin Brakes, Plated 615.0 Rims, High - grade • • Tyres . . • • STANDARDS. Dunlop Tyres, Steering Lock, Free Wheel, 8:8:0 Two Rim Brakes, Plated Rims . • RACERS. As used by Mr. 011ey Seco.ol:6 in his famous Record Rides . • • • TWO-SPEEDS Everything of the Best. including the genuire Nub Two-Speed dear, 1040:0 that makes Cycles fly up hills . . . Our 1905 Catalogue, full of charming Pictures, interesting Portraits, and useful Information, sent post free anywhere.

THE NEW HUDSON CYCLE CO., Ltd., BIRMINGHAM.

LOCAL AGENTS: W. COOK & Co, 152, Peasley Cross Lane, St. Helens. F. CRABTREF, Bridge Foot, War- rington. J. AUSTIN, 66,King St.,Earlestown.

Goddard's 1 it t kpr, •, „um, far Cea n Si iver fleetro FlateP Sold everywhere I,'; 2/a '

~..,.-...•7'n--:--,'1,',,,\ . „.: :. ,1• 44:. , Ii • • .:.:.„,445t\ 1‘ .1 \ 14 43.-7., , ,ii.:' ~. .i..... . itfflim. / '' , .k,l Ise, ii ''. ~.VIA ,4, : . • Pr', . r., -\k A A.....4-:•;.:-.4. \isirk \ • -s— ?,.%:,-. );

.6rifir PAY CASH - !' 4iM IrOR YOUR 1; 1 1; cA ERA le 1 c 116., I IFOR A LIMITED PERIOD ONLY. REX, NEOROLL, SIMPLAN, And many other Well•known Makes For Instalments at Cash Prices, CARRIAGE PAID. ILLD. CATALOGUE SENT POST FREE. PERAIIII4 C ' 12 NI; ONI

V ---ra—. Tacz.76;p6d---4,. - hatjale,,,,Sl +:: irmse2ing Celiegy i,sl t:F 11.M.5. “ 11.1ORCEST,Mft." 01 Cree. hat,. Kent. '" ' ' - rducatos• arayo for Offiecr, p1,,;i2, :in .tha Merchant Sorrico. I`..wal Caad:-t!rhip mte,„lt.2ally and •,,, ''. kk WA vi,f1:11:1511..t App'y VT. l'..°i;,lLLl"VikliT,.-lion. Lim• Lan:, London E C ..-........1-.._

FOR WORMS IN CHILDREN If your child is dull, drowsy and colour- less, occasionally has an abnormal appetite and also has an offensive breath, it is almost a sure sign of intestinal or thread worms which may easily and safely be got rid of by using Kr..;:rtso's WORM TABLETS. Al all Chemists, per tin. USE KEATiNG IC% WORM TABLETS.

_ For PILES 100 YEAIZS 111PUTATION Wis "N. ROBEF.TS' POOR MAN'S FEIEP,O." The bevt Antiseptic Ohament for Wennls a”d SV".. Skin ,e..s. HEALING,chr-,d CorOLING, g SOOTHING, or .11 O or BEACH & BARNICHTT Ld., Bridport. PriceslVj'2t94l, Se. To. pr.. Send for Pasnl.lo,-t.

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY AND FIRE PROTECTIOI4 of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements. WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: lIERIMYEATITER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

, 80 PAGE ILLUSTRATED EATALOCSID. Wholesale Prices, Cycles, Motors, Acces,toriec. 5,500 new and second-hand machines actually ma stock. Cy:des from 30s. ,S nle .A. and Esid .... R. tt ole[ D eNd7"Arg'euC„ths INVaVes7. TO Send fur List / C IrCL Free. 1,... EFrVa'mrYesA.CCT7r7s7l:Vheels, Ne. IS ..irS so per rent. less than other mak, rs. Warrilow a Co.- Weston-2-lEllre. England.

CORRUGATED ROOFING. -T.., tßsetsatt‘diu r n2bsl ey iy c t as p spui np a u p 1 i e latrtte, :,!)/ aktentnits, Iron-Fencing, Tanks, std tubes. Prornp, clispatith for cash.— JowN Arrwooo Riffmr.Stony Stratfo 4

G. W. R. BEFORE DECIDING WHERE TO GO for your Summer Holidays, apply to the Superintendent of the Line, Paddington Station, for a charming illustrated book entitled "The Country of Castles." SOUTH WALES, An Ideal HEALTH AND PLEASURE RESORT. Full of interesting and indispensable information. Sent Post Free on receipt of Three Stamps. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

WORLD- FAMOUS AEA 'LUDGATE' Watch IS THE BEST. TnnEn-QuArritn Prxrn English Lever. BEST LONDON MAKE. Chronometer Balance, all Latest Improvements, In Sterling Silver Crystal Glass Cases, £5: 5 any size. (In Massive 18-ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, Gentlemen's, £l2 :12. Ladies', £10: 10.) SYSTEII OR ON 4 4 cbe ,iints OF MONTHLY PAYMENTS Na 7, of Watch es, Chains, .17ii 111567:205A1N ielfdtetela IS MIS for CIL vs ix • ILLUSTRATED No C 16/- Deposit with Order, 9 successive Payments of 10,- each for . 2. of locks, 800 KS penal Phite'' and Naga the £5: 5 Watch. For Gold Watch, Monthly Payments of £1:1. FREE. Nci..,%=er Factory: ,E.G.Steam 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL E

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RA.Pr.D CURE RAPID CURE. OF OP GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. "I TAKE NO OTHER!" -- 13, Robin Hood-street, "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Isle-of-Wight. Mona Cottages, November 29th, 1904. Coalville, Leicestershire, 1 Dear Sir,—l feel it a great pleasure to drop you a June 4th, 1904. line to say how much good I have derived through Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received using your Rheumatic Pills. I have had Rheumatism off from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two andon for several years. I was recommended to use months ago and tried almost everything, but got no your Pills and SINCE USING THEM I TAKE NO OTHER. I better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that have likewise recommended them to others and they AFTER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE C URED also wish me to let you know what good they are doing I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs them. I shall recommend them to all I know suffering Being a miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks from Rheumatism. You can make what use you like of to your Pills f have never felt the least pain since. I this. I remain, recommend them to everybody myself. Yours truly, Yours gratefully, JOHN CHAMBERS. JAMES WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EA.DE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all In. injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. lid. end 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the probrietor,l post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. --- ---_ BADE'S GOUT 8c RHEUMATIC PILLS •

~.,._....in a Handy to have in the House. A box of BEECHAM'S PILLS is a handy thing to have in the house, and if a dose is taken at the moment of need much I i illness will be saved. Any trouble arising from derangement of the digestive organs is quickly set right by , vi .2eectiall3

_her remedy. , .•? ‘Agelkfr''' *44 • 5i.!,"7JC1.4 S i CONSTIPATION. %. ,• ti, lIM'S pm • .4„.r"Htc ILLS ."-zkt.,....::•-z.-...:-..... ,s _2, -.,,\--,. -.,;;;•••!--41.33 -5.. `---- .... ~, , -.zw- , ...,.. .....-404pr ~' .-7(4.4;....,:. P:.e ~- ....., ,?,.. I SPECIALLY SUITABLE FOR FEMALES OF ALL AGES. 11.1.1 i L --_—_,------..... ' ...i Sold everywhere in boxes, price lII} (56 pills) & 219 (168 pills).

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. and VIC find that the desired end may be o )tained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stopp;is. Others might be used but COCKLE'S PILLS as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. eeeKLE9:47., FREE FROM MERCURY. PINTIBILI 4 US OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS. Por BILE, LIVER ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, ec.c.

IT WILL PAY YOU WELL TO ATTEND OUR GREAT FURNITURE SALE PREVIOUS TO STOCKTAKING, TO SEE THE VERY EXCEPTIONAL BARGAIiNS.

LAIMEST, BEST, B,c CIAM.A.FsiEST. ETOCK BEING CLEARED IRRESPECTIVE OF REAL VALUE. QUITE 50 PER CENT MAY BE SAVED. 30 Specimen FURNISHED ROOMS, EACEI DIFFERENTLY DECORATED, ON VIEW AT 7, 13, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 50, 60. 70, 80, 90, 100, Sm., GUINEAS EACII. PBOTOS AND PRICED DaTAILS FREE PITT'S LoRNODAODN: MANCHESTER

dig POWDER, Completely supersedes the Übe of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Cunteard is the es* talog needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour sad imparts to them a grateful mellowness. hi; ZCCS ! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!
