===== 0002601_19050603_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
PERSoN AL Y CONDUCTED TRIPS TO PARIS, JUNE 10th ; Leige Exhibition, June 16th.—Addre8s Mr. 7ELIX MtLLe. 163, Lee tt..ol(lham. Stamp.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No 1363 ONE PENNY

===== 0002601_19050603_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
EBTABLIBIIED 1838.

RICHARD JEFFREYS • 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, MIAMI! MAMIE AND PRINT 13BLLBEL A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitable tcr Wedding and Birthday Preaents, School Prizes, Aso. Terms Moderate. A FINN GULL/ACTION OP PHOlOarltAPlikl tor (knit°leum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF SOLD NRAVINGS.

also Copies of Pictures In the :Continental Qallerles.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROC&TION.

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOPING COUGH cure without internal medicine.

HOOFING COUGA ------Ot alt Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 43. per bcttle. S )Ie Wholesale Agents BRONCHITIS Vv. EDWARD & SON. CROUP 157, Queen Victoria Street, London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

By post Ix 734 per Quarter 6s 6d per annum is 9d per Quarter credit

FOttlo, Ppiiros, Egariltriq 05tab5.

/ lOLWIN BAY.—BALMORaL BOARDING lioletliLizri- kJ 3IHNT facis4 sea. Late dinner. Modera-a terms. Mrs. Husa.

DORT ERIN, ISLE OF MAN.—ERADDA BOARDING 1 HOUSE, facing sea, large garden, 265. weekly, tla. 6d. daily. No attendance charged.

lONDON.—Where to S•op from 3s. 6d. chIIy•—ARUNDEL I HOUSE, Private Hotel, 21 Upper Woburn place. W.C. Central for stations and theatres.

ROTHHSAY.—BLYTHWOOD BOARDING HOUSB, overlooking Bay and Esplanade ; home comforts ; moderate. deductions made on parties over six.

01/16SAY.—WINDSOR BOARDING H GUSH. Most Li popular House in Bute; on Promenade ; overlooking Bay ; unrivalled scenery ; excellent table.—RLs-ELL.

COLWYN BAY.—Blianus Boarding Establishment, close to woods, station, and pavilion ; term. moderate cyclists' accommodation.— T. C. GRIFFITH., Prcprietor.

Ipartmtnts, Sitrttiobeb llcugi 0, etc.

ST. Annes-on-the-Se*.—Well•furnished Private Apartments —Mrs. ComirvawatTE, tioslynn, Richmond Mad.

Tipo LACKPO3L.—APARTMENTS ; good sea view. Terms moderate.—Mrs. NASH, 199. Warorecir rd., North Shore. 4,...CARBOHOFiGH.—Good position ; ho.r.e ownforts ; trams. Write for terms. Mrs. CLARKSON, Larch House,Ralelsh s.

t 051ILEY.—Supe,1or FRONT Bill/ and SITTIPG- ROOM ; near qtatiou —alias SAXTON. 16, Church lane, Romney.

Yttl&M.—One shilling per day eaen person. 12s. per Li week,tvio persons,includlog atttndsuce.—Mrs. DERIUM, 22. Albert at.

DLAOKPOOL.-APARTmIiNTS ; newly furnished; near sea. Bath. Plano.—ltra. TArx.on, 77, eherbourue rd.. North Shore.

Do LA CKPOO L.—Balsa, Bank, 9, Ty Idea ley retrace Promenade.—Publie and Private APARIMIISIB,termS moderate ; Mrs. li.(111AM

rr"Ques, DEvori.—coMFORTABLB APARTMENTS. with or Is Rl:mut board. Terms moderate —Mrs. Hossci 71, Bilacombe Church rd.

DLACKPOOL Borth.—FURNISHHD ROUSH TO Lia, 5 Beds, Piano, Batt,.—/Ars. LAMB, 28. Scarsdale Road, Victoria Park. Manch,-ster.

BADIGOR. Co. Down, helm:rd.—Visitors can have corra- rortable APART'S! hNTS, with or without board. —Mrs. t TEELE, 3, Hatfield terrace.

QOUTHFORT.—Comfortable APARTBIHNT3 ; borne from borne ; public or private ; central ; terms moderate.— Mrs. BROWN, 21. 'tiding it.

SQCAHBOBOUGH—.APAUTMENTS, Public and Private plane ; three minutes from lea. spa, theatre and station.—WATKlN, 9. Vernon Place. LACKPOOL.—PubIic or Private APARTMEINTS ; new bed. ; good cooking. Critral Pretierve.—dddress Miss 10:.11.1Xe)N, 89,.Thornby ed., Blackrool.

QOLTIMPORT.—CIean, homely APARTMENTS or Board ; moderate terms ; close to pier.—ASHWORTAS, bomb- lands, le, Victoria It.. Promenade.

rpllßYalilitit.—Uomturtsble BEL) and SITTING-KOOS:I, braclng situation ; good acc,rn.c.dation for oyclist,..— Mrs. B. N Et-IMAM, lbe liald, Bakewell.

HARRO4ATB. —Comfortable APARTMI3NTS ; south aspect ; Dear wells, baths, &a. ; moderate.—M;?. HOLOATE, Newland*. Heywood rd.

'ALSARMILD, DitilllONUTH,—Pltaaant ccuutry APART- .I.MtIITS, 4 beds, sittatx-room SIM and mouuGain al.. fishing, trap hire.—Birs. Jamas, ean-y-Coed.

I LANCUDNO JUNCTION near Conway.—Comfortable AeARTMIINTS ; excelleut view ; terms strictly moderate.—Mrs. FINNEY, 4. Roosevelt terrace.

PAUTIANNTS for Juue and July; tour bedrooms and r 1 two elttlna-toome ; highly recommended ; near station —Mrs. it:FINER. Hkll.,arth Boos,. ThoriithwelLe. Keswick.

11 einTOR , /MR .—A Hullo& 11 In best part, live tnluue trom river ; COo[Blllll three reception, four bedroome, bath, hot nod cola ; nice g.rden ; to Let for summer. V) guineas month.—Apply Mrs. WLIID, Pwllglas, Ruthin ; or Owner, St. AtievLs, Grove Cresnent, Kingston•on-Thamess.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
snimularonir, JUNE 3, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
FINE ART DEALER.

THE LARGEST STOCK OF

PICTURE OVER-111AtiTELS

IN THE TOWN.

135, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

Ipartmentsl,furnisbrb 300tt5e5, Sa.

uOK of TOURS to all pirtion applicaLlou.—A 1 TOL-RS, 17, High Street, Clapham.

QCARBOROUGH.—WeII-situated ROOMS To Let, a few L. 7 seconds from train.—JuDGE. 2, Gordon St. A PARTMI3/

JNTS TO LET. Sea and mountain air.-7osrEs. Glanraton House, Mosta Nevin, N. Wales.

TO LET, APARTMENTS ; terms reoderste.—Address MRS. Jozme, Halkyn House, Klug's Avenue, Rhyl. VILE OF MAN.—COTrAGE TO BE LRT, Furnished ; 2 I sit., 4 bed mon:la.—Mrs. CORWT, Glenfaba, rt.er Peel.

i lUMFORTABLH APAIITII.I.BN NJ. Terms moderate. good \.../ cook ing.—M rs.SmITH, NetleyHouse,Vietort a rd.,iearboro'

APARTMENTS. front ro,ms, with every convenience. pply 8, FAIRFIELD ROAD.StOCktOn Heat h, Warrington.

D LACKPOOL—FUENISHILD HOUSE, one sluing. three bedrooms. kltehen.-29, Asa 87'.. Highfiebi rd.. South.

DOUGLAS.—Dirs. QULTLE, 27 Peel rd. Bed arid break- fast 2s. 6d. leult board 4s. 6d. Beds (two porsons) 21.

, INT HS. HOBERT TURlNER.—Comfortable APARTMENTS. 1. 10. GORDON ST., Southport; 4 mins. from Pier. Bit h, we.

TLK Lail% YORKS.—Sitting and 1-3 bal rooms. bath, 1 south aspect ; lovely views ; terms moderate.—Giustem. Wood's-place.

QOUTTIP 311 T.—Home from home APART MENTS.-31rs. CIIERTHAM, 9 Barrett it., corner of Gordon at., Post Office. Lord bt.

I\T, W 8111GHTON.—APARIld NN rs, single and double 11 Bedded rooms. —Mrs. thcartott, 64, Egerton at. Terms moderate.

J3eooktng hn d attendance, 1.. each person per day. Piano. Book Central Station.- Mn. BBOOICS, IJ, Central rd.

DLACKPOOL (Opposite Manchester Hotel). —Comfortable Apiirtme-nts ; terms mod.—Mrs. ANTIIOMM Victoria House, Heaketh Road.

ituts. BUTTPRWORTH. 11. Saville rd.. Disci/v*l.= .I.Y.LAPAILTMEBIS ls. per thy ,with full board 4a. theiusive., Eitcluction for families.

TSLE 9P MAN —SUPHRIOR PRIVATE VILLA TO LET PURNISHED• Adapted for restful hoIiaay.—NEPTUNE VILLA, Port St. Mary.

COLWYN BAY.- APARTMENTS, board optional, Beds from la. 6. ; near station and sea.—Mrs. HERBERT. Marina, Greenfield rd.

COUNTRY APARTIIIfiNTS Bear Blackpool; piano. bath. and good stabling. —Mrs. SNOWDEN, Bungalow Castle. Thornton-le-11'37'de.

'A/ EST KIRBY.--Comfort4ble APANTMENrS, splendid position, facing sea ; good cooking and attendance.-- MARINE Moues, Promenade.

rIN SAUL—DAIRY PAESI with 'rood milk round. Grow ing crops and stook. all at vaination.—Address L.A. " Examiner ,' Offlee, Warrington.

BLACKPOOL. —Public and Private APART 111 IN ; good accommodation ; central all places ; sea view; pianos.— Mrs. FIRM 47. Adelaide at.

GLASGOW.—For Tourist*. Splendid APARTMENTS; cheap; very central; Rood board; day, or ar.!ek CRAIG 58, /tome it, arnetbill.

SOUTHPORT.— fi Mr.. nvcisam, 31 Houghton at., Corn- fortable APARTMENTS two minutes from Chapel Station. Very central. Piano.

COMFORTABLV A PATZTMENTS at reasonable terms; near sea and park.—HILLMLN BGLINTON, Warbro rd., St. Mary Cbureb, near Torquay.

DUBLlN.—Visicors can Lave COMPOUTABLIf .13/ID- ROOM 4. central ; moderate; board If required,—Mr. HoBINBON, 37, Lower Gardiner at.

Bux roN. —Private APARTHHNTS ; splendid view; terms moderate; home comforts.—Birs. ROBERTS, Brooklande, Brawn Hdge. Buxton.

IDLACKPOOL, N.S —Superior iriIitNISHIM ROUSH ; El 6 beds. 2 entertaining rooms ; piano; every convenience. 10, BOOTHROYDON. Oaf StotHOR r.

A EKEYSTWYTH. COMFORTABLII APARTMENTS XX 50 prig from bencb ; smlri. atation.—Era. HEARSE Tebyg-I-Uartref, Onatle terrace.

BUXTON.—HOMBLY APARTUBITTS. ground floor bed- rooms t.rrns mpd.rate. on application. —Bums, Man- chester House Fairfield Road.

DOSTRUSH, IRKLAND.—APARTMENT3 with or with- " out board. Near sea, golf links. Plano, Moderate —Mrs, MtsuocK. 95t, Causeway it.

11DLACKPOOL.—Dood ACCOMXUD&TION. board If 13 required, at C. GRAHAM'S, 45 Livingstone rd , Palantine rd., near Central siLarlon and Pier. rpo LHT IPURNISHISD.—Kok rn ROUSH ; north shore near sea, trams and golf Ilnks.—Miss WOR4LEY, 6, Warbreck Drive, Blspharn, near Blackpool.

VASTBOURNB.—FurnieheA APAHTMk•NTS in quiet, CI select House, near lees and Devonshire Park : terms moderate..—PIMPRIETREBB, 25 Hyde Gardens. 'WM"

WINDBRMEIIB.-Comfortable APART M situated. Board it required. Bath, Piano.—Apply Mrs. DEAION, Brookwoo4 Cottage, Metthwalte Road.

BAItHWICLL. Lady wishes to receive PAYING GUNSTS (ladies or families) ; comfortable bedroorna ; bath (h.and c.) ; cooking excellent.— %Ira ROPRR. blelbmrne House.

_ lOLSVYN BAY.—Comtortable APARr EDITS. olowii to V sea and wood, ; bath (b. good cooking; and attend- argce.—tdra. JoNBB, Caer Delyn, 27, Rhiw rd, Colwyn Bey. -

DRNMAISNMAWR.-IiASTBOLTFINH VILLA, A rettT 1 MEETS, comfortable rooms and clean. One minute to snore and near etatioi. Terms moderate, —Miss PARRY.

V OtKHr iB, INtzl,HTON.—Splendid waterfalls, bracing 1 air, fishing, golfing. Permanent APAILTSIENTS. board if required, iirery comfort.—Wfxruca. Hariing House.

NNORFOLK COAST.—Analdet pine woods and sea air. °netts received throngnout the year. Own grounds of many acres —Write Mrs. Bac:AIME, The Pines, Hellittg Heath, Holt, Norfolk.

HBRIAOHAM.— Well-fwrnlshed HOLISM TO Lin attendance and cooking can be given, or in Apartments: near sea and links.—Apply Mrs. Ives, Gordon House. Sh.ringbam, Nortolk.

COMFORTABLB BUNGALOW To Let, Furnished, on Lancing Beach, near Worthlng, week or nuonih ; good bathing, fishing, boating, golL—Wtork, 30, Cambridge rd., Bromlo9. Kent.

(IL) M ruutABLN APANTM RM.'S —Fishing, boating. golf- ing. Sea and country viow. Bath, ho L and cold water. moderate,—Mrs. J. COWLEY. Sunny'lde, near Altre4 Pier, Port St Mary.

C2OI.THPORT.—WELL PURNItiIIiRD PRIVATE HOUSE. KJ sto 8 weeks, about June l7th. 2 entertaining, play room 3to S bedrooms, all conveniences. gsrrlen, plate, linen. servant. 425. to 525. 6.1. weekly, reterence.—Letters, 9 Church et.

tiOLIDAY SRASON.--Vtors requiring Apartments at . any of the Central Wales Spas (Llandrindod Wells, Lianarrbyd Wells, or Liangammarch qells) shot.id advertise in the •' Radnorshire Standard," Liandridoil Only visitors' list published. Post free, lid.

t.S. THOS. CLARKE WILL CARRY ON THE LTA BusINESS Or STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THE '' EXAMINER " OFFICE. 33, MARKET STREET. EARLESTOWN, As before. and sincerely hope to receive the same patronage as bestowed on her late nsband for upwards of 40 yeat N.

DO YOU WANT TO BE A LOWER IN THE WORLD? DIIVRLOP YOUR VOICB. MRRCHANTS, LAW/HRS. SCHOOL TEACHERS, SINGERS, ADOTIONERRS,ACTORS (ALL NERD VOICR) Is your voice char, distinct, and ringing ? It not, guarantee to make it so. Bo more sore or tired throats. All kinds of vmces thoroughly developed by an easy, natural method per poet. No Medicine. No Machinery. Full com- plete tours with £5 guarantee, 21.. Address W. THOMPSON. M.D., MA., Dept. T. 8 SOUTH COLONADE. ST. Leonards-on-Sea.—Mention this Paper.

Economy.

IT^lf a teaspoonful makes a --- delicious breakfast cup of

Van Houten's Cocoa.

The same quantity of any othcr cocoa will not give so good a result either in strength or flavour.

Try a CI Tin It will yield 25 cups of the most delicious cocoa in the world.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
2 McDOUGALL'S Pateßt SELF-RAISI NG FLOUR BEWNS:1111V. The Examiner, Saturday, June 3, 1905. This ' WOMAN'S REALM.

to him. They were reconnoitering as they proceeded along the road. When the figures had disappeared for the third time he turned swiftly aside towards the creek, and looked sharply round for some pla-Ce of concealment. The water was flush to the edge, and the tanks afforded no shelter. Hie was unable to swim and dared not risk the crossing. Then a few yards away he saw that one of the little gulleys narrowed up till it almost disappeared under the tall weeds on either side. He did not hesitate for a moment, but flung himself into it. From its narrowness he had estimated its depth at about two feet, but to his surprise he sank down and down until his head was under water and he felt the soft mud banks press into his shoulders. With a stupendous effort he dug his feet and hands into the mud and raised himself up to the surface, spluttering and gasping for breath. One of his hands had caught something hard, and he brought it up with him. As he held it above the water in the moonlight he saw that it was a gold watch and chain. He thrust it into his pocket. It represented an additional item in his small exchequer. He found he could just touch the bottom with his feet, and his head was concealed by a bunch of weeds overhead. As he felt himself sinking into the mud, he moved up'a little towards the rgad in the hope of finding a better footing. His feet encountered something firm, but elastic, like a pilloW stuffed with straw. He put one toe under it and gave it a lift. And then a horrible thing happened. He felt the object rise from the bed of the gulley, and a few seconds later a white face rose from the water. He moved aside the weeds and let the moon fall on it. It was ghastly, dis- torted, and streaming with black mud. A small crab was hanging to one of the ears. It was the face of Susanson.

"TIE BEATAI.L."

Jermy forgot all caution in his terror and shrieked aloud. And looking up at that moment he saw two figures on the bank against the sky. He knew he was discovered for they had descended and came hurriedly towards him. He' struggled out of the guiley and was on his feet to meet them before they reached the spot. He was a powerful man, and had no intention of dying like a rat in a sewer. As he rose from the water the white face of Susanson sank slowly back into its muddy resting place. . . . _ . .

The two niefi came to within five feet of him, and he saw that Jordison held a revolver in his hand. Then they stopped. "What are you doing here, Jermy ? " Jordison asked in a quiet voice. The man did not answer, but braced every muscle in his body. He had an idea that Jordison would not fire, and that it would come to a physical combat. "Well," Jordison repeated. " Yer bloomin' skunk ! " Lipp growled. `yer thought yer'd got the £5,000, eh ? " and he laughed horribly. Jordison raised his revolver, but Lipp laid a hand on his arm and muttered in his ear. The next second they were upon their victim, and the three rolled over on the spongy ground. The contest was short but decisive. Jermy drove his fists into Lipp's face with such force that half of the latter's front teeth went down his throat, and the next second he had bitten a piece out of Jordison's ear. But he was overpowered, and Lipp began tc choke the life out of him, while Jordison held down his'legs and arms. With a stupendous effort he freed one of his hands, and thrust it into his pocket. He had a confused idea that there was a weapon there. Quick as thought Jordison gripped his wrist, and as he inserted his hand into the pocket, the fingers touched the gold watch. He drew it out. Now Jordison knew that Jenny had no gold watch, and he gave a quick glance of curiosity at it, before flinging it aside. In that brief moment he caught sight of a name engraved on the back of the case, and for the time being he forgot everything else. He loosed Jermy, and slipping the watch into his pocket, sprung to his feet. " Let the man go, Lipp," he cried. " I want to speak to him. I can shoot him if he runs."

Lipp loosed the throat, but stood over the fellow like a cat watching a mouse. Jermy did not move. He was nearly black in the face, and struggling to get his breath. "Where did you get this watch ? " asked Jordison. 4 faint hope flickered in Jermy's breast. ' He noted the look on his master's face as he asked the question. Here was something that was required of him, and he knew that no answer could be got out of a dead man. He regained his wits—the wits of a professional scoundrel. I'll tell ye: if ye'll take me 'ome," he replied, gasping for breath. "and swear you won't try this game again." "If you'll swear you won't peach on us, and tell me what I want," Jordison replied, " give you my word of honour as a gentleman, that we will not harm you." Jermv swore the oath in picturesque language, and Jordison gave him the required assurance. Then Jordison and Lipp grasped the man by the arms and led him to the motor- car. In a few minutes they were in the Red House.

Then over a substantial supper Jermy told his comrades how he had found the gold watch, but he said nothing of the body in the mad jordison's face feV, and there was an ugly look on it, but he remembered his promise. He felt that he had been tricked, for the news was quite valueless. . .

Yet that night Cri his bedroom he turned the watch over and over in his hand, locking at it as though he expected it to speak to him. But it only spoke the five words engraved or the back of it "Arthur Stexims, from his mother."

world as that of one of the prisoners in the ola dungeons of Venice. Arthur Hohne resolved to deal with his heart in his own way. He knew the limita- tions of human nature, and decided to break off all communication with the people at Heatherstone Hall. His only home was in the fifteen ton boat that lay in the Essex creeks. He had no ties. There was no question of changing house or shifting furni- ture. He had but to set sail, and move into another part of the country. Savp for Lady Agnes, he cart not care a straw tor the ultra I.,ilisation of Heatblerstone Hall. 'His friend Lord Harry Quy, was up in town contributing 3. solid vote and golden silence to the conser- vative cause. press clothes and a footman at ais elbow did not appeal to Arthur Holme. He was only really happy when he was hanging on to- the tiller with his feet pressed against the bulwarks, and the frothy water was sweeping past him like a mill race.. To break aff all eOnnection with the Heatherstones would only mean the loss of Lady Agnes. And that would be all for her good. And so the young man resolved to fly from tempta- tion. It was no act of weakness, for a man must be super human to be long with the woman he loves and be silent. It was rather, from a man's point of view, an act of strength, sacrifice for the good of the woman. Yet it is pitiful to learn how small a thing will shatter all the resolutions of a brave man.

Arthur Holme strung his news on the Heatherstone' household at dinner one night. He longed, so he said, for a breath of the sea. He had work to do,. work that Lord Heatherstone dkl not , approve of, but still, afork that had. to be done. His heart was with the toilers on the deep, and he had resolved to take the " Rover ' to Yarmouth, and, if possible, adjust a dispute between the smack owners and the men, which threatened the livelihood of thousands.

Lord Heatherstone received his news with genuine regret. The other gifests murmured various commonplaces. One lady said that she had worked woollen comforters for the North Sea fishermen. Lady Agnes was I silent, but a close observer might have noted the tremor of her hand as she lifted a glass of I water to her lips. Arthur Holme did not I dare to look at her face. He felt the cruelty of this sudden and public announcement. But he had resolved that there should be no fare- well scene between them, and that the girl he loved should both receive the news of his I departure in the presence of her family, and Ibe finally included in a formal leavetaking. It was therefore the irony of fate that I brought these two together after they had I said good-bye in the presence of a dozen other people. A few minutes before mid- night Arthur Holme and Lord Heatherstone sat alone in the smoking-room. The guests had departed, and Lord and Lady Gambridge, who were staying. in the house, had gone to bed. The noble Earl was expounding his views on labour and capital, a subject intro- duced by Holme's projected visit to the scene of a great labour dispute. He quoted copiously from the speeches of men long dead, and from the works of authors who were deservedly forgotten. He was a man ol accurate memory for. unimportant details, and referred to fifty works that Holme had never heard of. In one case, however, his , memory failed him. It was necessary to refer I to the book. Holme protested that he would accept the quotation without reference. But Lord Heatherstone would have none of this. It would be better, he said, to refer to the book. He was not quite sure if he had the book, but he fancied it was in the library. it was in the house, it was in section H, shelf 7. Holme rose to his feet. "I will look for it, Lord Heatherstone," he said, perhaps a trifle wearily. It was getting late, and he did not care a rap for the authority in question. But he was anxious to humour a man from whom I he had received much kindness and whom he might never see again. As he made his way across the hall to the library he was surprised to see the door open, and noticed that there was a faint glow in the room, as though a single light had been switched on at the far end of it. It was an enor- mous apartment, nearly 200 feet in length. The bookshelves covered the walls to the height of eight feet from tha ground, and ran out in wings to the centre of the. room. He entered quietly, and his footsteps made no sound on the thick pile carpet. He knew that section H was half way , down the side opposite the door, and making Ihis way round one of the projecting walls of books, he walked down the centre aisle. As he did so, he heard a faint sound at the far end of the room, the sound of books being replaced in their shelves. He walked rapidly past section H and then paused, for another sound came to his ears, the heartbreaking sobs of a woman, low, I stifled, but distinct in the silence. An ex- pression of pain crossed his face, and he stood Irresolute, trembling in every limb. He knew well who it was that wept. And then in a single moment his whole 'being went out to the woman he was deserting, the woman who Loved him. Prudence, honour, the know- ledge of what was best for both of them, were all swept to the four winds of Heaven. His love and his pity, rode triumphant over every- thing. And yet for a moment he paused. He had purposely avoided a farewell scene. Here it lay, ready made to his hand! He was a strong man, but he paused only for a few seconds. In that time he prayed that the sobbing might cease. But it did not ceas,t, and the sound of it made him a poor weak thing. He clenched his hands in despair, and strode rapidly to the end of the room. He purposely made a noise before he came to the last wing of books, and when he passed it, Lady Agnes Cliffe was looking diligently at the shelves as though in search of something. She half turned towards him with a faint smile on her flushed face. •

CHAPTER XV. AWE'S BITTEIThESS• ARTHUR HoLstf; was dining at Heatherstone killed. This fact.' unimportant in itself, Hall the night that young Lord Overcliffe was he who e carried the rni c stank. formed a close bond between him and the tghtlefdesatrdiclbccony ffraonniiilyt.he It. v a garden Lug-room. He saw Lady Agnes turn white a; i death, stagger, and fall n a heap to the ‘ ground. He heard the shrieks of the tdis- tracted mother, crying out for• vengeance on the murderers of her only son. 'He accom- panied Lord Heatherstone in the midnight hunt,' and through all the vain hue and cry of that wild night, he and Lord Harry Quy sup- ported the old man inthis hour of sorrow. To be with people in an hour like this counts for many days of ordinary intercourse, and so it came to pass that Arthur Holme became very intimate with the Heatherstone folk, and found 'his way into the heart of at least one person in the family. Before a month had elapsed from the death of Overcliffe, Arthur Holme found hiinsell fighting against the dictates of his own heart. His whole nature cried out for love, and he knew that Lady Agnes loved him.. No word of it had passed between them, no look be- trayed it, and the clasp of the hand, when they met and parted, gave no• sign of it. But some I --- subtle and undefined instinct told each of .0. The •fortnightlrmeeting of the Runoorn Rural Dis- them the truth. If anything, the knowledge trlet Council was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there made them over careful. and over reserved in were present Meters. A. R. Norman (presiding) R. Rov- each other's company. A stranger seeing lance. Bolshow, H. Eyes, P. Mounfleld, J. Stokes, A. them together would have said that the re- Whitlow, B. Broom, T. Baxter, H. M. Davies J. H. lations between them were strained, and that Davies, J. Smith, T. Wright, H. Mawdsley, T. Guest, S. only common courtesy obliged them to have Woodward, \V. Harrison, G. Pilling, S. Berton, J. S. anything to do with each other. Jones, E. Bretherton, C. Horton, R. A. C. Crimes, J. - Fryer, J. Spruce. S. Taylor, NV. M. Morris P. Collis, J. Arthur Holme fought a terrible battle with Douglas, J. W. Temperley, end John Rutter, J, Hallows , himself, but he conquered. He was a strong ji \\limey, R. Billington W. Turner, A. G. Guest T. man, and in his own rough way, an honourable Antwis, Admiral Jones-Parry, Messis. G. F. Ashton man. He knew that lady Agnes loved him, (clerk) W. E. Bough (assistant clerk), De Prez,Cook and he knew that she would probably be as and Pearson (relieving officers), J. Cunnah (workhouse wax in his hands, and that nothing would master. keep her from him, if he chose tet storm the FINANCIAL. 4^t Mr. Wright 'reported payments of £l4B. The receipts stronghold of her own family pride and her u father's displeasure. But he knew also that for the month were £1733 13s. Bd. and after meeting expenses there would be a balance in hand of £5510 to marry her ..viould be to drag her from- her es. od. high estate. And he knew also that he would PA INTING TIIF. WORX HOUSE. take her from Lord Harry 'Quy, a man who . The tender of Mr. D. Billington for the painting of was not only his friend,. but who would be a the Workhouse at £lO was accepted. more suitable husband in every way for this sensitive and high-born girl. It has been said • that love conquers stll. But though a strong man cannot conquer love, he can put it down Ttill it only cries Out faintly from his own soul. ne RUNCORN' A G Y. The boy Walker ,was again brought up at the Runcorn He can bind it; and stiffeit, and stamp on it, Police Court on 1% ednesdav, charged with the attempted murder of Ethel Galley, aged three years. Superinten- till its existence is as unknown to the own- dent Ennion said the child was not set fit to appear in court, and the prisoner was remanded for another week. t, 4

"Mr. Holme," she said in surprise, " what- ever—"

"Your father sent me to find a book," he biloke in hurriedly. "I wondered who had turned on the light, I—" " Section H, she said, • with a laugh. "Father only favours that particular part of the library. It is his armoury for political purposes. This is N—Pure fiction. My step- mother is unwell, and ,wants something tc send her to sleep." Holme did not answer, but coming close to her side, glanced at the title of the book she held in her hand. It was Beatrice Harraden's "Ships That Pass in the Night." He won- dered if this was a mere coincidence. "

"Ships that Pass in the Night," he said slowly, and then he laughed bitterly. She looked up at his face, and the next momen/ she was sobbing in his arms. AT° bs continued.)

oercos, s\‘ ..1 \,\\

===== 0002601_19050603_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
REFINED COSTUME

can be had in three qualities at SA I. 1016. and 12/11 . here's no difference in ail the •making, , only in the quality of the cloth. Albeit. the Silt quality can he thoroughly recommended. Only a limited number left. Made in Black or R/11 Navy Y.C.C. Cheviot 4+7 +

Serge. COAT: 32 in. long—Sac back Chesterfield front—bell sleeves well-bound seams. SKIRT : Plain back— side stenin a—liinish, lovely. Corriaze alloslis • extra.

MONEY CHEERFULLY RE- FUNDED IF NOT SATIS-

"Fi("±TO}Zli.

STOCK SIZES: Coats, 34,36, and 33 bust, Skirt Waists, 24, 25, aft. "Front Length, 33. 40, 42. Larger -sizes to measure, 2, xtra.

EXTRAS Coat Lined. 3 • Skirt Lirr..l 3

PATTERNS FREE IN ALL CASES.

6 yards Dreg Lergth cf Famous V.C.C. SeKr. (Black cr 6 ;,Carria&e'Sd, extra.) THIS IS AN HONEST

BARGAIN,

"THE Taegu COSTUME 'CO.,

13 61 Dept.) Victoria Buildings. Manchester

===== 0002601_19050603_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

• The Season at its Height. —The Queen'axeturn to 'London has given a new stimulus to social gaieties, and Derby week has witnessed an extraordinary rush of .-Society entertainments. Chief and foremost among ;these were the two Courts at Buckingham Palace, at which Her Majesty made her first appearance for the Season. It is most unusual for two such ceremonies to be held in one week, but it was found necessary to have •the Courts over—they being the last of the Season—in consequence of the:visit of the King of Spain and its attendant State entertainment, and the arrangements for the Royal wedding at Windsor the following, week. There will be little pause in the succession of Royal festivities until after Ascot, and that fashionable race meeting is to be made exceptionally brilliant this year. Aleut from the Royal ceremony at Windsor, there is no great Society wedding that stands out for particular mote this season, but fashionable marriages are. once in swing•now that the ill-omened month of May is vover, and these help •to swell the ceaseless round of receptions, dances, gaieties and entertainments, which the world of rank and fashion calls the London-Season. The Royal Family of Sweden.—The King of Sweden, who is now in his seventy-seventh year, has on former -occasions paid us several visits, and his grandson Pritce <instal- Adolph is not the first member of his family who has come to be married in this country. His second 'eon, Prince. Oscar, whilst staying at Bournemoutbin 1889 became engaged toldiss Menck, and their marriage took I place at that well-known watering place the same year, the Queen of Sweden being present. The Royal family of Sweden is the most democratic in all Europe, and *Prince Oscar's marriage with Miss Munck did not cause any troubles, though be, of colarse, resigned all claims to the right of succession, and assumed the title of Prince Bernardotte. That is the family name. The original Bernadotte, the grandfather of the present King of Sweden, was the son of a petty French attorney, but tbserose to be one of Napoleon's marshals, and was 'elected King of.-Sweden in succession to Charles-NIL. An Unfounded Attack on Royel Patriotism.—ln much the same way at the rhetorician sets up an "Aunt ally" in orderto shew how edectively it can he knocked to pieces, so a leading drapery journal affects -to be very angry because, it says, a great part of Princess Margaret's trees-seat-1 has been ordered abroad, and more. .over the present Royal custom of holding evening Courts, is very much worse for trade than the afternoon drawing room of Queen Victoria's time. It is quite 'true that for Princess Margaret's outfit a few pretty things have been ordered from Paris, but with trifling -exceptions, the whole of the orders have been distri- buted between British and Irish firms, and there is j nothing to justify tee assertion. that the Princess will be the first bride of the reigning house, to wear any but fßritish made wedding dress." There has been a 1 similar outcry in Berlin, respecting the trousseau of the Dnehess Cecile, but whatever may be tbe facts there, no .departure has been made in the case of Princess 1 Margaret from the Royal custom of favouring British! and Irish firms. Norie there any room to believe that the fashionable world spends less upon toilettes because evening Courts have taken the place of afternoon draw- ing rooms. The general opinion is quite to the con- trary, and seeing the more active part now taken by the Court at the bead of Society, it is absurd to suggest that it does less to ,encourage home trade than in the reign and long widowhood of our late'Queen. Fashions in Artificial Flowers.—Margearites and daisies should only be worn by quite young girls,so says I en authority on the subject, and in the list of suitable artificial flowers set apart fa: those still in their teens, are included 'brinksia roses, forget-me-nots, snowdrops, , lilies-of-the-yalley, and sweet pens. Violets,,,pansies, I chrysanthemums, mignonette, hyacinths, and tulips are enitable for the woman past the hey-day of her youth. White thistles are to be preferred for the elderly woman possessed of grey or white hair. With regard to natural flowers, the fashion is to select one particular 'bloom, and remain faithful to it, a fashion se,t tryiher Majesty the Queen, who is seldom if ever seen without a knot of lilles-of-the-valley. -Princess Henry of Pa9SS rrefers her name flower—the daisy, the ,Ducheias Portland invariably wears carnations, while Lady 1 Algernon Gordon-Lennox favours gardenias.

-- - The Royal Trousseau.—Art entire absence of exaggera- tion marks the trousseau dresses prepared for Princest lklargaret of Connaught. The skirts are all ample and flowing about the feet,but neither orinoline nor feather- bone has been resorted to, moreover the sleeves are but moderately full and quite unstiffenad. Pale pink, and pale blue, are the Princess's favourite colours, but the palest of greens is included in the colour schemes. Ireland and Buckinghamshire are supptying much of the lace, and many superb pie' oes show designs of her Royal Highness's name-flower. This in miniature, also appears upon all the lingerie, the greater patt of which has come from Ireland.

A Leading Color.—The craze forpale blue is no doubt correctly ascribed to the preference shewe by the future Crown Princess of Prussia for this particular hue. Unquestionably it is a very becoming mode, and the woman who restricts herself to pale blue and white this summer, will find the scheme a very delightful one, and I fairly economical. White is by no MOODS the extravagant wear it was once deemOd to be, and many girls and women who have to dress upon a decidedly slender allowance, are donning nothing else just now for day wear. White Irish homespun is idea Lit cleans splendidly and can even be washed without fear of shrinking or spoiling. Grand Opera Fashionable, but not Popular.—There is to he a gala opera performance at Covent Garden next week, in honour of the King of Spain. The young king is known to be very fond of horses and motors, a somewhat unusual combination'of tastes—but one has never heard that he is musical. That however, is not very material, as there are many patrons of grand opera —especially among the nouveau riehc, who have no 1 interest in music, hut who are regular attendants at the opera, because it is the thing to do. Onfa gaht night the wonderfnlfdisplay of jewels, and the gorgeously decorated house, more than over diverts attention from the stage to the auditorium, and on Thursday, when the court and the King of Spain are to be present the zpectocle will be a brilliant one indeed. On such occa. sions very few tickets are available for the general public, and for such as there are, anything from two to -fifteen guineas would have to be paid. People do not mind payirg such prices to see Royalty and the brilliant scene, though they would not pay as many shillings for the musical performance. Grand Opera in foreign languages and by foreign artistes has in fact little (arm" attraction for the general British public,and though a fresh attempt is being made at one of the new houses in London to provide such an entertainment at moderate prices, it remains to be seen whether it will prove itifferent from the many failures which have pro- ceeded it.

MADGE.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

PRINCESS IVIARGARET'S WEDDING-DRESS.

Princess Margaret of Connaught is, says Vanity Fair, the first English Princess who has had her wedding-dress made in Pails. But the lace with which it is entirely covered, and is by far the most costly part of the garment, is of Irish manufacture, as is the veil which the Royal bride will wear over her wreath of myrtle and orange blossom.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
SCEXDISIL GIRLS THS BEST. •

The best and most highly-trained servant I eves 'net, says a writer in the Daily Dispatch, was a Swedish girl. Her knowledge of household work and management was a marvel to everyone. Nothing came amiss to her. At cooking, laundry work, dressmaking, or housemaid's duties she was equally at home and efficient, and all her duties were performed with the deftness of a practised hand. I asked her how and where she had gained her knowledge. She answered: "At the household school"; and then went on to explain tbat in Sweden there were regular schools at which girls could attain proficiency in every department of household work. The course embraced cooking, laundry work, weaving, dressmaking, general housework, and gardeninz. The students had lessons in management, and were taught the value of money by being sent out marketing. At the end of the course certificates were granted to t nse who passed an examination. -ernes° eertificatei were highly prized, and their holders were much sought alter as dornestic servants. Since then I have often thought that the only practical and effectual solution of the servant problem lies in the opening of household schools in every large town and city.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
ArrEnmoox ,Bcousa.

Very smart and dressy little afternoon blouses for summer wear can be fashioned in batiste and silk muslin, and our present illustration shows I one model realised in a pale lilac shade. It 'is made with a yoke of cream Swiss embroidery, on to which the batiste is gathered in thick folds— for batiste, be it remembered, is not a material that can be skimped or stinted. The " skirts "of the blouse are latticed over with narrow strap.

ping 4 of the Swiss embroidery, which is likewise utilised for the pointed belt. The sleeves are quite plain, ending at the elbow in a simple frill. This frill should be stitched on to the sleeve when the latter is extended at full width, and then gathered up by a betvi ribbon run through a small slot made for the purpose. If this arrangement is followed there will be no diS. silty in having it got up to.look like new.

9 . k - I r' f "11,77 ' ,F,,, ,14) 1 . - / ; 0: •r. '..*:::::j:•'? \ - •ii - 41 //';'4' , liarit• ) ~ . l A i /01 *s 1 .. . / .///i ? - , 2

===== 0002601_19050603_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHION Nos.

Embroidered linen belts of every variety are being worn this summer. The prettiest of these are made in the style of the Swiss belt, button- holed in small scallops on the edges. In some Instances they have a double. row of linen button's down the front.

New designs in lingerie parasols tonow each other in quick succession. One simple and charm- ing model carried Out in fine white linen has a bunch of heavily embroidered violets on each, panel. This is caught with a large bow of open- work embroidery. Embroidery in white or self tone is considered smarter than that of a contrast- ing colour, parasols of ecru lawn embroidered irs white being, however, an exception to this rule, as they are particularly effective.

Visznact Gowx. A white silk foulard, dotted over with a ring Spot in black„ is suggested for the realisation of this dainty visiting gown. The full skirt is Fauged at intervals over the hips, and arranged in three large tucks 4bovo the hem. The bodice takes the form of a little bolero, the fronts being cut into deep vandykes, which are bordered by a narrow frill of cerise taffetas. Behind, the ; bodice fits closely to the figure. A deep belt of :taffetas is swathed raund the waist, and ie

.gathered into upstanding bows at the back, with long hoops hanging down over the skirt. The turn-down collar is of broderie Anglaise, the broderie also forming the band into which the short puff sleeve is gathered. The full under- sleeve and frill, as well as the closely-gathered front, are composed of .whito mousscline-de-soia. The whole is completed by a cravat of cerise, Cod in three small bows.

-THE IMPERIAL 31 VSA LLIANC IC."

The World has some piquant gossip from Berlin about what it describes • as the Imperial mita. !lance. The approaching marriage of the Kaiser's eldest son, it says, is regarded with the most complete indifference by the overwhelming majority of Germans—nay, by practically the whole German Illation. In society the marriAtre is regarded with 'narked disapproval as a isisalliaqty in every sense of the word. The ladies of the great feudal houses are indignant at the thought of a little Mecklen- burg duchess, a mere highness, being placed over their heads—and with such a, mother, too! Then they say the Kaiser himself is nut too keen on the union. The marriage means, of course, great expense, and the Kaiser is always more or less short of money-. Besides, Part 'Petre grandere is not one that he has any wish to cultivate just at present. As for 'the K.*erin, she does no attemi t to conceal her regret that the Crown Prince should get married at all. tie is her favourite son. The mere thought of another woman, no matter whom, being dearer than herself to any of her male folk, especially the Kaiser or the Crown Prince, is almost more than she can hear.

TO-DAY'S HEMP.

CALVES' SWEETBREAD SALAD.—CICRD two sweet- breads, parboil them, and let them stAnil in cold water for thirty-five minutes.. Trim them neatly, and simmer gently for half-an-hour, adding a pinch of salt and pepper. Remove and set on one side to cool. When cold cut the sweetbre.ids into tine slices. Make a good mayonnaise sauce, drop the slices of sweetbread into it, mix well,and servo In the centre of a salad-bowl, surrounded by lettuce, mustard-and-cress. and Boring leeks.

F1,:"41111a• % irtitift,•,. . \, : 7 •--.: 7741-- xr- , . ~,-,:...... . 411.-1 f• ••• -. 4.. . _ i.• ~ ~..• • i *. .• .:,\.l, \.. a \ . •' : . •I'.•\ .\ / • • • .o o . • \ i ,- • .• 1. . i; t • . • . t• i.: 4 ,‘; .\ , : .:( - • ~ H. ~, -,1,,:. . 1 . • -.. . .r /0, \.1.;:,• . •.‘ _ . f . 41,-• -; - , -., , • • ..' • ~.. . ,--- •- m . . - ii•t• .Z. _,.' • .., .• • . •- 1 ~,,,..3,-,f- • • • •\,, • ~,„ .0 ----:---.= --- • ;4. • '.O • -k,‘• 0 , —,.. ___---._ • ~• • • -,...,.-; ..,-.--•- --_---,---.. - , -_—_-- the '—`

===== 0002601_19050603_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

THE BLACA MOTOR CAR.

By .7. B. HARRIS BURLAND.

'CHAPTER XlV.—Conttnueb

'With hands and arms unbound- the rest was

easy. He cut through all the ropes in five minutes and, rising to his feet, moved pain- fully-across the room to a cupboard, where he found a bottle of brandy. A deep draught of the fiery liquid put fresh life into kis aching limbs and body. He went hurriedly to a dirty old cigar box full of papers and drew out a purse with twenty-five sovereigns in it. 'Then he glanced at the window and door, decided on the latter,' and burst it ,open with the heavy iron fender. Then he made his way downstairs, crammed half a loaf and a chunk of bacon into his pocket and slipped out into the road. There was no one in sight, but he could not see far in any direction. A white mist was rising from the marshes, and the road dis- appeared from view three hundred yards from the Red House. The sun had set, but the sky was clear, and not yet dark. The full moon showed large and yellow on the horizon through a bank of sea fog. Jermy stood a moment at the gate and listened. The silence was complete and unbroken. He wondered what lay beyond the wall of mist;, whether jordison and Lipp were tearing at full speed 'to the nearest seaport, or whether Susanson had been captured. The motor was so silent that it might flash upon him at any moment out of the mist. Any other machine would have given warning of its approach, and the low throb of the engines would have been heard two miles away. But this black monster moved like a ghost, and till its lights flashed suddenly out of the dark- ness, no man could know how near it Nag •to him.

Jermy had, however, to take his chance, and he set off along the road to Gorehaven. It was the only route open to him. In all directions he was cut off by winding creeks, full almost to the banks, for a Spring tide was running up from the sea, and it was nearly high water.

On either side of the road lay two tall banks; beyond them were two strips of marsh land, intersected by a thousand tiny channels and gullies.. At low tide these were merely narrow ravines of mud, some more than six feet in depth, and some but shallow little gutters, tapering off into a point, losing them- selves in thick masses of purple sea lavender. But on this night they were full to the brim with water.

Jenny decided that the open road was too perilous for his purpose, so he climbed a steep bank on the left and descended to the marsh land on the other side of it. A rude pathway ran at the foot. In some places it was over- grown with glasswort,, now turning to a mass of crimson spears, in others it was a narrow stretch of mud littered with corks, bottles, scraps of wood and sticks, reeds, and a thou- sand and one pieces of debris that had drifted up the creek with the tide. The bank was over six feet high, and he was well screened from observation, but the walking was difficult, and h; moved slowly on his journey. Every now and then he crawled cautiously tc the top of the.bank, and peering over the edge, looked up and down the road. . . _

A faint wind had risen from the south-west. and the mist was gradually being scattered before it. In half an hour's time he could see nearly a mile in every direction. At the end of an hour he had travelled little more than three miles, but his limbs were still stiff from the ropes that had cut into his flesh and muscles, and he was beginning to be tired of his journey. He lay down on the bank to rest, so that his eyes could scan the long road beyond. The bank was wet with a heavy dew and so steep that he stood almost upright as he leant against. it. But it afforded a •certain degree of comfort after his weary tramp on the slippery and overgrown path. He pulled out the bread and bacon and ate heart- ily; then he tilled a short clay pipe with black shag and smoked till a sense of peace crept over him, and he saw himself the owner of

5,000. He had no doubt that the stupid little Susanson was dead.

His happy meditations were ihterrupted by a yellow glow in the mist, where the road vanished from sight. A few seconds later three bright sparks glittered in the distance like stars, and every second they increased in till he could see the black car behind: chem. In less than a minute they had flashed past him, and the fan of light receded farther and farther till it died away in the mist beyond.

He sprang to .his feet and continued his journey. He had noted that there were only two people in the car. It was quite evident that Susanson had been effectually disposed of, for it was hardly likely that the two men would have returned to the Red House: if the little Jew had made good his escape. The reward was in Jermy's hands, if he could only get off the inarshla.nd into the open country._ _

At present, he was .so bound up among the ,creeks and inlets on either side of the road, that he could only escape by hiding. He knew well enough that before low' the motor ,would come tearing back along the 'road, and that the occupants would organise a system- atic search on either side of it.

He sprang to his feet and Continued his journey. lie had nearly three miles to go before he could take to the fields, and strike Across country to Gorehaven. He had a feW ,miles start, but this, even with the time that They would occupy in discovering hi:, absence, twis.not much for a man in a race with a motor that could run itoo miles in tbe'llour.

The wind had cleared, away the last rem- nant of the fog, and the full moon shone clear over the country. The marsh land was :richly veined with silver where the light fell on the thousand creeks and gullies. It was a singuUrly beautiful sight, but Jermy cursed it with a foul mouth. He would have liked a fog so dense that a map could not see his own feet.. In ten Ininute:3 dine he peeped over the edge of Ow bank, and again saw three bright eyes in the 4istance, and a blotch of black on the long white road. He hastened on his way, bending down a little in case they should catch some glimpse -of him from the passing car.

When at last he heard the swish of mud, he lay fiat on the ground amonn, some tall marsh weed. The car passed and h rose to his feet. He knew well enough the method of his pur- suers. They would go to the end of the marshes where the road joined the old Roman causeway, and then they would beat back- wards oh foot, one on either side of the road. In the bright moonlight it would scarcely be possible for him to escape their notice. A pair of night glasses , would detect a moving figure figure on that flat surface for miles around. He stopped and hesitated whether to go forward or return. If he proceeded on his way,he would be bound ,to meet them. If he went back, he would perhaps escape them for the moment, but he was only running further into a trap, and • further from safety. If he had ibeen armed, he would have stood his ground and fought, but Jordison had taken good care that there should be only one re- volver at the Red House.

He finally decided to go back. He crept as near to the hank as he could, and in a few minutes crossed it, and kept close to it on the other side. If his estimate of his pursuers were correct, he would be hidden from their view. _ _

• Tor a quarter of an hour he trudged home- wards. Every now and then he turned back and saw the distant twinkle of the Bleriot lamps, motionless at the far end of the road. Then, as he looked, they seemed larger, and a minute later he realised that the motor was moving rapidly towards him. He saw now what had happened. He was discovered. Ile crawled over the edge ot the bank again, and leant against it, sweating at every pore. Once, twice, three times he saw a figure stand on the edge of the bank, and each time nearer

===== 0002601_19050603_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALLEGED RAILWAY EMBEZZLEMENT.

Unexpected Development.

WARRINGTON C.L.C. PORTERS ACQUITTED.

On Tuesday at the Liverpool City Sessions, John Thomas Hudson (40), railway porter, was charged with having at Warrington on the 24th April, embezzled 4s. od. and with having on the Bth May, embezzled as., the moneys having been received by him on account of the Cheshire Lines Committee. Mr. Rigby Sidift and Mr. H. L. Riley (instructed by Messrs. A. Browne and C 0.,) prosecuted and prisoner, who pleaded not guilty, was defended by Mr. Madden and Mr. Cuthbert Smith,(instructed by Mr. T. S. Steel). Mr. Swift stated that prisoner had occupied the position of foreman porter at Warrington Station, on the Cheshire Line's Committee's system. On alternate weeks he was on night duty at the station, being then practically the stationmaster in charge. Each morning three trains left Warrington for Liverpool at 4, 4.30, and 5.35. The booldnF office was not open at this early hour, but the booking-clerk, before going off duty, left with the prisoner a. packet of tickets which he sold to passengers. The tickets were afterwards collected, either by the prisoner or by one of his subordinates. The case against the prisoner was that he sold the tickets and got the money. The passenger then got into the train, and his ticket was collected and handed to the prisoner, who, however, instead of punching it, and so cancelling it, put it back again into the packet,as though itthad never been used at all, pocketing the money. Private detectives were engaged, and the alleged frauds were discovered.

A number of witnesses were called to give evidence in corroboration.

A young lady deposed to having travelled from War- rington to Liverpool,and having received a ticket which had been sold to another passenger early in the morning and which had not been cancelled after beigg collected. Philip Darbyshire, stationmaster at Warrington for the past nine years, was cross-examined by Mr. Madden as to the duties of the booking clerks and other em- ployes at the station. He said a booking clerk came on duty at 5.40 every morning. Mr. Madden: Do you know that the booking clerk comes on duty at 5.40 on Monday and not on the other days of the week .li7Witness..:. I don't know. . .

bees he negleetihis duty if he is not there for the 5.40 P—Yes.

Do you know the tickets on the other mornings are issued frequently by a telegraph clerk ?—I was not aware of that. It should not be done. Do you know the clerks are in the habit of coming to their duties as late as seven and eight in the morning? —lnm not aware of that.

Mr. Madden: lam afraid there are a good many things you are not aware of on the station. Mr. Swift: That is no reason why they should be robbed.

Mr. Madden: Do you know that on the other morn- ings except Monday the booking clerk passes the job over to the telegraph clerk ?—Witness: I don't know that.

Further questioned, Mr. Darbvshire said there were rules as to collecting tickets. The tickets were some- times collected by porters and placed on the table in the collectors' room to be cancelled by the collectors. The porter did not cancel them. It was not a fact that tickets were left for hours on the table without being snapped. 'Mr. Madden: Can you swear there are rules of that kind ?—Witness : Yes, in print and in writing. The Chairman read a copy of the instructions which had been handea in, stating that :—`• The foreman will be held responsible for cancelling and examining tickets when the collector is not on duty, and the collector when on duty." "Surely that is enough," added Sir William ForwoOd. "Those are instructions dated 1901. I don't think it is necessary to go beyond that." Mr. Madden: The conduct of this case goes back a long time. Mr. Derbyshire further explained that on a Sunday night the tickets for sale were banded to the police officer on duty at the station to give to the foreman porter when he started work. Mr. Madden : Have you asked your superiors for this to be done ?—Witness : No. It was done before my time. He added that prisoner had been in the employ of the company for 25 years, for which period witness had known him. He (Mr. Darbyshire) had thought highly of him, and he had possessed witness's confidence. Mr. Swift: Have you ever heard before to-day that the money taken from the early morning trains has been handed to the telegraph clerk to give the booking clerk ?—Never.

Supposing the booking clerks were late in coming on duty, whose business was it to call attention to it? —The foreman, Hudson. He was responsible for the station until you got there ?—Yes.

If these irregularities had been occuring Hudson is responsible and not you ?—Yes. You have been asked whether Mr. Meldrum knew about the system. At any rate Hudson understood the System ?—Yes, perfectly. Has Hudson complained to you that there was any difficulty or impropriety in the way tickets were col- lected ?—No.

He has been doing it for four years ?—Yes. Mr. Madden: Don't you know Hudson had complained to Mr. Davies the chief clerk, about the system ?—No, sir ; I don't. A perter-guard named Henshall, stationed at War- rington, gave evidence. Mr. Madden: Even you said that sometimes you cancelled tickets when the foreman was busy?— No. Did you ever see the telegraph clerk issue tickets?— A time or two I have seen Hudson's son issue them.

Why have they issued tickets?—Because the booking clerk was not there. • .

Mr. Swift, addressing the Chairman, said the !question was whether Hudson had stolen 4s. 6d. or 3s. The cross-examination seemed to be directed to the whole of the management of the Cheshire Lines Station at IVarrington, and the duty of every particulzr clerk, and be submitted it was quite irrelevant. The Chairman: I think Mr. Madden is wide of the mark.

_ Mr. Madden : I may travel a little wide of the mark, but I know the point as well as my friend, and it is part of the issue to prove the Igeneral carelessness of the place. We are not going to be punished for the care- lessness of the management. The Chairman: e are not hear to try the manage- ment. It is no use wasting time. Mr. Madden : I shall not pursue it further after this witness.

Jack Beddard, a booking cleric, admitted, in reply to Mr. Madden, that on the Manchester side of the station it was the custom, except on Monday mornings, for the ticket money collected from the early morning trains to be left with the telegraph clerk who was on duty all night. This arrangement enabled the booking clerk to turn up later in the morning than would otherwise be necessary, and witness, although be admitted having I been reprimanded by the stationmaster some time ago, said he did not think he (the stationmaster) was aware of the existing arrangement. After an adjournment, Mr. Swift said he had had a conference with counsel for the defence, and also with the solicitor for the prosecution, and, having heard that the 'defendant* were prepared to admit that gross irregularities had taken niece in the receipt of money

and the non-payment of the same to the proper booking ollice clerk but that there was no fraudulent intent, he (Mr. Swift) had taken the matter into his own hands He had decided to offer no further evidence for the. prosecution, especially in view of the fact that the prisoner did not impute any base motives to any other official at the station, either superior or inferior. Mr. Maddon pointed to the exceedingly good char- acter that his client had held during the twenty-five years he had been in the committee's employ. He had' been in a position of trust,and he accepted the responsi- bility and was sorry for the irregularities which had , occurred whilst he was in charge. Ile had no fraudulent intent, and he would be sorry to make any reflections upon anyone else in the station. The Chairman, addressing the jury, said there was no doubt that there had been gross irregularities, and the absence'of system at the station had no doubt led to these irregularities. After the statement of Mr. Swift, however, the jury had no option but to find a verdict of " Not guilty." The jury thereupon returned a verdict of "Not guilty" The Chairman, in discharging the prisoner, said he was a very fortunate fellow. He must thank the counsel for the prosecution for the course he had taken. The irregu- larities had been very serious, and prisoner had escaped by a technicality. He hoped it would be a warning to him for the future. The Prisoner : Thank you, sir. ANOTHER ACQUITTAL. Edward Hughes (52), railway porter at Warrington Station, was next called into the dock on a similar charge. _

MK Swift said the explanation in this case was the same as in the last—that the prisoner bad been irregular and careless in the handling of the money,but that there was no fraudulent intent, He had been for thirty years in the employ of the Cheshire Lines Committee, but the Committee,having discovered the irregularities,felt that an example should be made. No one was more pleased than the Cheshire Lines Committee in being able to believe that the men had no fraudulent intent, and that the worse that could be said of thera,after hearing their explanation, was that they had been pareless. Mr. Madden, for the defence, remarked that prisoner had worked long and loyally for the employers, whom he had had no intention of defrauding.

, THE BENCH AND THE PROSECUTION. The jury having returned a formal verdict of "Not guilty," The Chairmen said the prisoner would be discharged. He added that the bench thought the railway company bad exercised extraordinary leniency,in the course they had taken. They, however, accepted the statement of counsel that he was not able to carry the case any further, but the bench themselves did not feel quite satisfied. Mr. Swift said he wished the bench had intimated their view at an earlier stage, because before he expressed his willingness to accept a verdict of " Not guilty " ho endeavoured to make it plain that he would do nothing except with the approval of the bench•and he thought that the bench had approved of his action. The Chairman: We did not know you intended to put it in that way. Mr. Swift: I intended that, and I hope the bench will not.think that I have conducted this case as I ought not to have done. The Chairman: Oh, far from that. Mr. • Madden pointed out that nobody had yet heard the defence, and it was all subject to that. The Chairman: All subject to that, of course. M. Swift added that he had heard the nature of the defence from Mr. Madden—that there had been no felonious intent; and, having regard to the good character of the men, be thought that the jury might properly take the view that they ought not to be con- victed of embezzlement.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
TOO UNWELL FOR SCHOOL..

The Troubles of Children Dispelled

by Peptolaxa.

Mothers worry when children are not well and have to be at home all day instead of at school ; yet in every home where PEPTOLAXA is given to the little ones when ailing or fretful, there brightness and health is the rule. Forinfants in arms and growing boys and girls PEPTOLAXA is the most suitable corrective; in proof read the letter of a grateful mother, Mrs. Cohen, of 45, Melbourne-road, Leicester "Having given PEPTOLAXA to my children, I wish to let you know the great good it has done them, particularly my Jack, who has suffered so much since his birth from Constipation. Although I have tried

voLtrz,z , healthy by arAzA, syrups, soothing powders, and other remedies for chil- dren, nothing gave him any proper relief until I tried PEPTOLAXA tablets. I have often been obliged to keep the child away from school, but now his bowels have been brought to their normal condition, and he is as happy and bright as my other two children. One or two• tablets occasionally is suilicient. I am thankful PEPTOLAXA has been so beneficial."

- PErrof.ax.4. is the pleasantest and gentlest of all medicines for children of any age ; teething without tears ; school-days without sickness. Price Is. IltL. Dr. Williams' 'Medicine Company, Holborn-viaduct, London, will forward a free sample on request. PErTo- LAXA is sold at all branches of Boots', Cash Chemists; at all Taylors' Drug Stores ; and by Williams' Medicihe• Co., Holborn.yia4uct, London, will send a free sample' on request.

% 0 lit 44,-.•„, `,..1,.; - ,;‘: -,.0*.i, , v ei--inik- 11149- *44 --:‘,.: \.,-.- , (41,.,, ,(;),,tir_--__-_,:z, ~,,. ,:,,:,.,•,,..,,,,o) A . ' Mn. Cohen and her tartily of throe. All made happy and

Dais I am very pleased to find from the letters I have received that so many of you have been quick to see the "Children's Corner." Its always best to be in at the beginning, especially when you are after anything good. • . . . This reminds me to sax that if you have not yet joined the C.C.U.eague, you should do so AT ONCE. Don't wait until next week or the week after. Don't wait until to- morrow—DO IT TO-DAY. For the benefit of those who missed last week's paper, I just want to repeat the conditions, which are very simple. First, you must not have had more than 16 birthdays; and secondly, you must cut out the coupon below and fill it in. Then post it to "Uncle Ned," addressed to the office of this paper. Last week I promised to say more about our League Prize Competition, so when you have finished reading this letter you can just glance a little bit further down the column and see how generous I am going to be to the boys and girls who write the liardest for the next few weeks. ... . Try

1

Al o tto for 1905 :

rt.II winning.

wish to become a Member of the Children's Corner League.

PRIZE COMPETITION FOR BOYS AND GIRLS. tat PRIZE— An "Ironclad" Keyless Lever Black Watch, 0 marvellous timekeeper, dust proof, highest perfection, supplied by Messrs. R. L. Christie, Edinburgh. Value, One Guinea. ALSO 50 PRIZE VOLUMES. The prizes will be given to the boys and girls under 16 who secure the largest number of members for the "Children's Corner League" before August 31st, 1905. Forme for securing members will be sent to any reader forwarding stamped envelope to "Uncle Ned." :Write for the form to-day, and get all your little friends to join. There is nothing to Pay, but splendid prizes to be gained.

The Children's Corer League. FOUNDED BY UNCLE NED. "I shall pass through this world but once; any good deed, therefore, that I can do. let me do it now, for I shall not pass this way again."

Address $ Age last Birthday Signature of Parent or Guardian

"WHERE DID YOU COME FROM?"

. . . It Is a beauty, and well

It is guaranteed by a first-

?lass firm, and -will last•a-lifetime. . : . Theo .hink what a splendid time you can have with All the lovely pictures and nice stories in out prize volumes. . . . 'Just a word about the puzzles. Some of my readers think that they must not send in solutions unless they have joined the League. This is quite a mis• take. Anyone can try who is under 16 years of age. lam only too pleased to hear from my little nephews and nieces. Of course, I should very much like every boy and girl to join the League right away, but if you haven't joined yet, you can still go in for the puzzle competition. In a little while I am going to have competitions for League members only, so, of course, if you want to have the best of everything, you will send along your name and address now; hut don't miss the puzzles on any account. I am just now busy making up my first list of League members, which will appear in a week or two. . . . Have you noticed how delightful the donntry is just nowt . . Many people think that May is the most delightful month of all, and I am very much inclined to agree with them. Everything seems SO GLAD that summer will soon be here again. I wanted to tell • you about some of the letters I have received, but my space is gone, so I must leave them over until next week. . . . And now good-bye, dear children, for a little while. Your affectionate UNCLE RED.

Where did you come from, baby dear? Out of the everywhere into -nere. Where did you get your eyes so blue? Out of the sky as I canie through. What makes the light in them sparkle and spin? Some or the starry joy left in. Where did you get that 'little tear/ I found it waiting when I gut here. What makes your forehead so smooth and high? A soft hand stroked it as I went by. What makes your cheek like a warm, white

rose I saw something better than 'anyone knows. Whence that three-cornered smile of bliss? Three angels gave me at once—a kiss. Where did you get that pearly ear? - God spoke, and it came out to hear. Where did you get those hands so wee? Love and joy gave them both to me. Feet, whence did you come, you darling things? From the same :box. as cherubs' wings. How did they all just come to be you? - God thought of me, and so I grew. And how did you come to us, you dear? God thought of you, and so I'm here. GEORGE MACDONALD.

I -- __ ..... • ' ' • - ;,` A --- ' ~,, ' .. , ;l' - l'..' ..• ':7,-# 7.1.74;..,.• W ...% . .C• : --..: , is•;.7, ~, ' til; '''FF4K.,& ~rw 1iik,,1ii,..,. 4Z-. .t', lei'. , ,'`. 1,, I*, ~';'+':!D ,:•:4 ~''' :„ 4:,. 91 ~. ~ /:i. .., ~,... -. ~ .; . i .....:,..:.: P i Ric' ::,,...;;li*,:-:''.'-..:•,;.!.::" :i.'4'.•!. '' ' 4'lic, , 1..... '.‘,.i? .' • ‘",. ' " • :'_.;:::,•:.:i.:,'';...•!:..':::..:;.A.., . „p.,. ..:0•.i,7:.:Y.e..:--,- ":':, ''..: '`,, 1,.-. 4. ~, ; • ~.,„).,.:::- : ..r...6.-,.1i, , , wx.?.. ~,.....40,5.,,,,, ir .; :,-,.::;,.. .:., . ...,..,.. ~...,;,:,5:4...,.., . .. . ..,:::„.....,,,,,,..„ , .........,...1.7 .2„.....„:,.. ,„ ~,m).,....,,,, ),-t. , , f.,-01,,,,. ..„,g,;.... . ~-.1,; ,„....:„ , ....,,,,.,,..:' ,5,........._:,..7,--- ......----- ';,. ,Al.:-..,a t , ,1., ..,,t, ~,z..*:,]... t'''' it ' ' ' ~,,,.. ; for the watch. , > ..;.„ V!'.l wort' 11. 1., I ' .'" ;',`-1 4, •,tk. \, 1 4, t: ~'. - !' li'l t.-.,;:tilz . ~, EV ' 1e,r,144, 'C' 17.1\ , ....... ....0,,,, ' (..../ . CHILDREN,

===== 0002601_19050603_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT

COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural Dis- - trict was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present Messrs. S. Woodward (presiding), C. Roylance, J. Bolshaw, H. Eyes, P. Mountield, J. Stokes,J. Whitlow, A. Broom, T. Baxter, H. M. Davies, J. H. Davies, J.- Smith. 'I. Wright, H. Mawdsley, T. Guest, W. Harrison,. G. Pilling, S. Horton, .1. L. Jones, E. Bretherton, C. Horton, R. A. Chrimes, .1. Fryer, T. Spruce, J. Rutter. .1. Hallows, J. Whitley, lt. Billington, W. Turner, A. G' Guest, T. Antwis, Admiral Jones Parry, Dr. Adams (medical officer), Messrs. G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Bough (assistant clerk), J. Farrington (inspector), and J. Swinton (surveyor).

• FRODSHA IV SEWER.% OE. The Clerk read a communication from the Frodsbarn Sewerage Committee enclosing the suggestions of the Mancheter Ship Canal Company for dealing with the sewage of the district. It was decided to leave the matter in the hands of the committee.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Pi I

===== 0002601_19050603_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19050603_art0019.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19050603_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
PUZZLES FOR PLAYTIME.

I will give a PRIZE OF FIVE SHILLINGS to 1.1.1 e reader under 16 who sends in .the best and neate&t eulutions to the following:—

6. Word Square. FROTH. A RIVER. A CONTINENT. • FOOD. 7. Riddle-Me-Ree. My first is in LOSS, but not in GAIN; My second is in STRESS, also in STRAIN; My third is in CHORD, but not in SONG; My fourth is in WEAK, but not in STRONG; My fifth is in AWE, but not in FEAR; My sixth is in MOB, but not in JEER; My seventh is in SMILE, but not in FROWN; , My eighth is in ROBE, but not in GOWN; 'My ninth is in DRINK, but not in EAT; My tenth is in RYE, but not in WHEAT; ' MI whole is a delicious fruit. •5) 8. Hidden Rivers. , 1. We had a very pleasant time last night. 2. It is a pity Nellie did not win the prize. 3. Essex easily beat Norfolk last week. 4. The whole team played well, and deserved to win. S. Mr. Owens umpiring gave great satis- faction. 6. Why are you going home so early to- ' night/ 7. We are going on a tour round the World. 8. Tom and Harry went in for the competi- tion. 9. Decapitation. r; A part .of a carriage, behead me, and I am Vart of the human body; behead me again, and I am a fish. io. Jumbled Flowers. SROE. TIRCANANO. LOVTIE. . MISACELT. PRON.DSOW. • SIRPOREM. LEWRALFOWL. LEMRTY. • CAHYTNIH. NSCISUASR. rs. Diamond. A VOWEL. FLUID. A COUNTRY. A YOUNG GOAT, A VOWEL. eklutions must be sent, with full name. address, and age of competitor, to "Uncle Ned," t the office of this paper, on or before Satur- • ay next.

- -..',....g,. .4.. ,iti. . ir :A:v.' „AO,. , •.. ~...r.,,,A. ...„...' 15.44,0" g? iNg„„,,,t14,71' ,:z.':.;,4 t.. An excellent Poo. admirably adapted ~,,,.,•. to the want. of infants and young persons.— ? —Sot CHARLES A. CAISCHON, C. 118., M.D.. •••"4,•••••• I Professor of Cksimstry, R.C.5.1., Nedical , . Officer of Healas for DutZta, e., , I PURVEYORS EY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT I TO M.I.M. TRE EMPRESS OP RUSSIA. Y,V" . „ k, ..3346,,' 1..'

===== 0002601_19050603_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARACTER TELLS!

Some years ago, in a farming neighbourhood, a middle-aged man was looking about in search of employment. He called at the house of a respectable farmer and told him his errand.

"What is you name?" asked the farmer. "John Wilson," was the reply. "John Wilson—the same that lived here when a boy?" "The same, sir." "Then I don't want you." Poor John, surprised at such a reply, passed on to the house of the next fanner, and there a similar reply was given. And be found no one in the neighbourhood where his earlier years had been spent who was willing to em- ploy him. Passing on he soon came in siglit of the school-house. "Ah," said he, "I understand it now. 1 was a school-boy there years ago; but what kind of a school-boy? Lazy, disobedient, often in mischief, and once caught in deliberate lying; and, though since I have been trying to reform, they all think me the same kind of a man that I was as a boy. Oh, that I had done as I ought when at school; then people would have confidence in me now."

So it is; and school-boys and school-girls should remember it, that character follows us and is remembered, and that those who have known us in our early days will be very apt to look upon ns in later years as they did in our youth. A lazy boy generally makes a lazy man, just as a crooked sapling makes a crooked tree. And so a shiftless, careless, mis- chievous, untruthful boy is likely to have the same character as he grows up to manhood. Even if he has changed, it is hard to make people believe it; for, as someone has said, If the crack has been mended, people will always be looking where it was," and, as the father told his son :—" You may draw out the nails you have driven, but the holes in th• post will remain!"

!ckhal

tr.s-2TAVAr,VVONVlX4pitibterll,f,r4= CRICKET. Errianal3AlLEP ---- g IostuKIITIOS I BUSSEY'eI Demon Delver eßats ve the %.J grandest made. SIT:€BEY'S New klatch Balls retain their Wipe, and last longer then any others. thiSsEVS Leg Guards are exceptio,ally good. BuaiutY's Batiks/ Gloves are tar superior to the usual clams. Busiaky's Begs are made to wear. BIISSEVB Diary and Companion is a gem for 6d. Apply for liihteiress Catalogue trom Local Sports Outfitters ; 36 and 38 Queen Victoria street, London. Factories Fee sm, London; and Blasswell. Suffolk. '

WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

First Division.

EARLESTOWN V. PREscor.—Played at Prescot on Saturday. Score :

EARLESTOWN. PRESCOT. I'. Marsh 0 Stott b Red- C. Prescott c Bates b man s 3 Alderson J. crawley Jbw b btott... 34 W. Sephtonb Howarth 2 H. Barr h Holden W. H. Crowther c and b P. P.Mercer b Howarth 0 Stott R. A. Robinson. b _Stott 4 G. H. Lyon lbw b . _ _ __ _

TH. Alderson b Holdea 0 Howarth' F. Valentine c Mercer b T. Seddon b Alderson 3 Holden 1 W. Stott ti Howarth ... 0 T. R. Howarth a Lyon b • W. L. Holden c Leigh Holden G. B. Leigh a Evans b D. Prescott b Howarth 7 Stott 0 Redman not out 0 R. Bates b Stott 0 H. Warburton not out ' Extras

Total( SS Total 47 Second Division.

EARLESTOWN 2ND V. PRESCOT 2ND.—Played at Earlestown on Saturday. Score :

- PRESCOT. EARLESTOWN. R. Birdall c F. Clare b F. Kead c Preston b W. Harrison ' 9 Rogers J. P. Preston run out ... 35 A. Harrison b King J. M. Swift run out l3 F. Clare o Preston b J. Whitfield c Greensll b King W. Harrison 1 G. Marsh b King A. Simm b W. Harrison 8 T. Smith lbw b King 0 J. Birchall c and b W. 3. Burrill o Preston b Harrison W Lunt a R Allen b T Clare b King -

NBurrill J. Rogers b Burrill J. Stockley o T. Clare b G. GreenslL b King 4 Burrill W. King b Burrill R. Mercer not out •7 1..141,

Extras

Extras 6

Total 127 Total , Friendly Matches. WARRINGTON V. BOLLINGTON.—These teams met in a friendly engagement at Atpley on Saturday, the result being a draw. Score : WARRINGTON. BOLLINGTON. Mason e Turnerb Light...l4S V. Hope b Connor 4O P. B, Hawtin not out 54 C.H.flaigh b Podnlore 12 \V. H. Podmore b Licht 2 A. S. Turner b Mason 5 L. Haigh b Connor ... 35 T. Clay not out Extras ll Extras

Total *215 Total (4 wkts) 101 1 *lnnings declared BOLLINGTONV. WA RRING TON (2NI) ELEVENS).— Played at Bollington. Score : BOLLINGTON. NV A RRIN G TON. H.Cumberbirch b Bennett 2 E.E. Woods c Woollam H. Berry b Lowe G. W. Harvey b Bennett 31 E. Pierpoint b Harvey 57 J. Harding b Bennett ... 5 A.Du.kwortheWoollitra J. Daly c Bennett b b Harwood Lowe 5 J. T. Cliff c Ratcliffe b J. W. Woollam c Cliff b El arn ood Lowe 5 G.NewbourneeCumber- H. M. Ankers b Lowe J. Ratcliffe b Bennett 5 R. H. Lowe c Berry b F. Whittle b Bennett ... 0 Harding l7 G.Tates c Woods bl:ovve 4 T. Mason not out F. Harwood not out 5 H. Watkin b Harding 1 Extras

Total 74 Total (for G wkt5)...130 SANKEY WIRE MILLS V.WINSTANLEY PARR.—Played on Saturday on the ground of the former and ended in an easy win for the home team. Score : WIRE MILLS. . WINSTANLEY PARK. Hawthorn b Hurst l9 Hurst c Hawthorn b N. Cook c and b Hurst G Gleave Burton lbw b Hurst 3 Bandon bßurton 7- F. Taylor b Robinson ... 21 W. Humphreys run out 0 Clarke bW. Humphreys 13 Pigot b Burton Woodcock b Robinson... 33 G..Humplueys not out 25 . ..

J. Evans run out , 0 Robinson lbw' b Burton 0

, Brough not out Parker run out 4 Asburst b Woodcock 4 Moss b Woodcock 4 Bailey b N. Cook Extras • ,*ll3 Total

Total *lnnings declared Sr. PAUT.'S (WARRINGTON) V. S kNICEY WIRE Mrus (2,ND ELEvEN).—Played on the ground of the former, and resulted in a win for the visitors. Score : SANKEY. Sr. P VIM'S .

CHESIIIRE LINES ENGINEERS V. BEWSEY WEsLEvaNs. —At Battensby-lano.

1 WESIIYANS. ENGINEERS. aherratt b Monks 6 Duckworth not out ... 48 Clifton c Price b Monks 27 S. Price b Jolley .... 5 Jolley o and b Deeley Holloway b Duckworth... 20 Haigh b Senior Forster b Deeley Shaw o Jordan b Deeley 5 R. Price b Senior Craddock not out Winstanlev not out Massey b buckworth 1 Brandreth b Jolley ... 0 Jackson lbw b Duckworth 0 Hopkins b Jolley Senior b Duckworth 4 Wright b Jolley 0 Extras

Total

Total ..... _96

Duckworth took 4 wickets for 6 and Deeley 4. for 15.

Ms Engineers Juniors spent a inost enjoy-able after- noon at Cottage Homes playing a team composed of the officers and boys. Engineers OS, Homes 57. _

LYMM V. GRAPPENAALL. —At Lymm on saturday. Score

LYM Al. G R APPENIT ALL. J. Hampson b Watson... 2 J. War;-mrton b Ferris 0 W.Traatom o Carter b _ I. Ellis o Ferris b

Watson ' 7 Trantom H. Thorpe b Warburton 3 J. Mena h Thorpe 46 H. S. Saville a Ains- _ G. Ainsworth b Tran-

worth b Warburton ... 3 tom J. Ferris b Warburton... 6 E. Hall b S tville W. A. Pollitt b Watson 0 J. Hallam c Ferris b H. Marsden b Watson ... 4 Thorpe E. Campbell c Hall b W. Banks b Wilkes l7 Watson 2 W. Carter c Trantom b R. E. Wilkes b Warbur- Wilkes ton 4 T. Williams not out ... 0 T. G. Bate b Watson 3 E. Scott b Wilkes 0 H. Bradburn not out 6 Watson did not bat Extras

Total 5l Total (for 9 wkts) ...134 GRA.PPENFINLL 2ND ELEVEN V. LYMM 2No.—Played at Grappenball on Saturday. Score:— GRAPPENIULL 2ND. LYM .11 2ND. ' D. Mane b Brown 0 S. Pollitt o Mottram b

F. Light e Moss b Gibbon 21 Carter J. Albinsou b Brown 0 G. Shakeshaft b Carter 4 W. Wicks e Pollitt b _ J. W. Gibbon b Eloward 4

Gibbon ...

5 E. Rouse b Mottram ... 9

H. Carter b Gibbon H. Howard h Ferris P. Woodward b Gibbon 9 E. Waterworth b J. Mottram not out l6 Mottrain J. Peters not out A. H Rathbone b Gibbon 2 W. Moss st Rathbone E. Banks b Gibbon C. Brown b Mottram 2 F. Richardson c Maile b Carter 1 Extras

Total B2

Total 54

MERSEY-STREET V. FLETCHER, ItUSSELLS.—SCOre : MERSEY-STREET. FLETCHER, RUSSELLS. G. Rutter b Finch 1 McWirter b Hunter... I W. Hunter a McWirter b Savage b Huntor 0 Finch 0 Cummings b Hunter... 0 J. Podmore b McWirter 7 Tomson b Rutter 5 A. Woods b McWirter... 1 Finch e Podmore b H. Cross lbw b Finch 9 Hunter • 2 C. Cross b McWirter 0 Hughes b Hunter P. Foy b Finch J. Cundell b Finch J. Callon b Einch A. Mercer not out 1 Hunter 1 J. McDonald b Finch ... 0 Wadcroft not out Smith b Rutter Extras

Total 2S Total 2O WIDNES WHITE ROSE V. PM:ICE-TH.—Played at Widnes on Saturday. Score :

PENKETH. WIDNES WaITE ROSE. Shoobridge run out 2 NVilcock c Williams b Crag b Hill ' Ward c Sadler b Hill ... 26 Bennett c %Varburton b _

Davies c Ince b Hill l2 Ward Warburton lbw b Hill ... 1 Ince lbw b Ward 27 Hawksv,,orth lbw b Hill 0 Sadler a Dumbell b Kirkham run out Williams c Barber b Hill 2 Hill b Houghton 2 Dumbell not out Houghton b Hill , 0 GrayaWard bHoughton 0 BoardinancHowitt bOiray 5 Hewitt c Cragg b Houghton T. Barber b Houghton 8 Owens c Dumbell b Ward Davies not out 1 Extras

Total 6O

Total ...... Ifo

" GUARDIAN " V. L ATCHFORD BAPTISTS 2ND.— Played on the groan° of the forme,r on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the home team. Score : " GUARDIAN." LATC FIFO R D BAPTISTS. C. Burrell run out 1 P. Ford b Woodhead... 2 W. Massey c Grine 1) W. Grounds b Wood- Ford C. Geldard b Ford 4 J. Callon b Burrell 1 W, Newman b Ford 0 P. Grine lbw b Burrell 12 J. Woodhead b Stowell 25 J. Stowell b Burrell... 0 J. Gibson b Grine 1 'r.Sherratt not out ... 5 W. Kimberley b Ford B. Foster c Jordan b A Shakeshaftc fipwatt Ford J. Mowatt b Ford 2 A. Allenden b Burrell 0 J. Inglis not our 8 —Wells b Burrell J. Newton b Stiakeshaft 2 A Starkey c Gibson b Woodhead 3 Extras

Total 66

===== 0002601_19050603_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 3, 1905.

176 101 115 88 BEAUTIFUL ENGLISH PEERESS Praises Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

Though sharing the traditional reluctance a our old nobility to emerge from aristocratic privacy and come before the public as the subject of a newspaper artrcle, the Right Hon. Lady Haldon lies exoressly permitted the publication of a statement recently made ton repre- sentative of the Press regarding her wonderful care by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. Recognising that the words or a titled lady in her position must necessarily bear great weight with the

iohnston and Hoffmann.)

public, and earnestly desiring that the benefits she had derived from Dr. Williams' Pink Pills shonld be publicly acknowledged, Lady Heiden waived all personal reluct- ance and told a story which cannot but impress every reader. " For the sake of all sufferers," said her ladyship, "I want to tell you what Dr. Williams' 9in'r Pills for Pale People did for me when I had given up all hope, after the best professional treatment. " 1 have been a great traveller. Five veers ago,when residing in Austmlia,my heart became seriously affected. Symptoms of advanced Anaemia showed themselves. One of the results was most acute Indigestion. I suffered severely in the back and under the shoulder blades, in- cludingan especially severe oppression of the chest. The most careful diet brought no relief. Even after a glass of water my discomfort was almost unbearable. Food of any kind caused 1113 such misery that I ate less and less, till I was practically starving myself. In walking the shortest distances palpitations of the heart would make me feel as though I was suffocating. "As aumraia developed I grew alarmingly ill ; I conld not sleep at night; my whole system was deranged. My nerves broke down; my head ached constantly, until my eyesight became affected. "My illness seemed so deeply rooted that I deter- mined to go to the Clinique de Is Caroline, in Switzer- , land, where I was attended by eminent physicians. "But about August, 1903, while I was travelling by train and nearly prostrate with one of my attacks, I casually picked up a small pamphlet referring to Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People. I became so interested in some cures mentioned therein that I determined to give a trial to this medicine. "Within three days I was astonished at the marvel- lous improvement. I procured further boxes of the pills, and very soon I was delighted to fled that all traces of my complaint had practically vanished. "I could now walk long distances with an entire free- dom from pain. My appetite had returned with a hearti- ness that surprised rue, and my general health was such 161 90 as I had not enjoyed for many years." Majority for Rylands, 74. i 1 In every class of society the curative powers of Dr. WHITECROSS (NO. 1). CASTLE RtiBRER. i Williams' Pink Pills have been proved repeatedly in T. Ellison (Capt.) W. Jones G. Hatton J. Percival A. Gleave - 15 E. Scott 6 Ataxy, Nervous Disorders. Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., G. Warburton l4 A. E. Burdett l5 Holborn-viaduct, London, send a box. post free for C. Crozier W. Connon W. Shaw F. Dean l5 3. Bond Si G.Shaw ls R. Fairbrother W. Daintith l5 J. Eaton 3 -- _1 169 67 Replies to the Progressive Labour Majority for W'aitecross 102. League's ' Resolution. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. ; Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman. and Mr. Roberi. Bour.'s HEAD v. 'HORSE AND JOCKEY.—This post. ' Pierpoint, M.P., forwarded to Mr. J. Howes, junr., poned fixture was decided on Saturday on the green of letters 'acknowledging the receipt ,of copies of the the first-named club. Score : resolution passed by the .Warrington Progressive HULL'S HEAD. HORSE AND JOCKEY. Labour League as follows :—" That this meeting of J. W. Jolley J. W. Wersley l5 D. Daniels 9 with regret the unfortunate proceedings that took place Geo. Ball, set] l5 T. Bretherton 5 John Worsley A. Shaw B. Fairbro t her Ed. Shaw ... l5 W. Mee 4 duct ill becomes the Premier of this nation that it is F. Berry l5 G. Higharn ‘,B a direct . violation of the honourable traditions of H. Clare l5 Jos. Holbrook ' British public and Parliamentary life. It tenders to J. Bird A. Weave l5 T. Hackett l3 Sir Henry Campbelt-Bannerman its smcers thanks for J. Swinton pledges given to the nation by leading statesmen." , Mr. W. T. S. Hewitt, writes on behalf of Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of your latter with enclosed copy of a resolu- tion unanimously passed at a meeting of the Warring- ton Progressive Labour League held on the 23rd inst., expressing regret at the proceedings in the House of Commons on Monday last, due to the Prime _Minister's tactics, and thanking Sir Henry Canipbell-Bannerman fox his action. ; Mr. Robert Pierpoint, M.P., ra.plies as follows : I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 14th containing a copy of a resolution passed by the Warrington Progressive Labour League on the 23rd, concerning, " the unfortunate proceedings that took place in the House .of Cammonson Monday the 22nd inst.." With , the first paragraph I entirely agree. The rest is based on a misunderstanding or an appreciation gathered from some inaccurate news- paper. )

Total

I 68 majority for Ball's Head, 76.

' 1t.:,,,i..*..'rt --its, ~ 4. . _ ..,,,rei , „e ",,, • ~ ... .:. i .., .. ..../.... ~..........,.!_.. ..5,-;i:,-..? .---,Et ,•,- 4-''''4 : • • 1---" LIA THE LADY HADDON. (From photograph by .7-, '

===== 0002601_19050603_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
O=ffM:"AZZI

BOitYLIN G.

WORKS COMPETITION.

Further progress was made on Saturday in connection with the first round of the Works Competition, when three matches were decided with the appended results : RYLANDS (NO. 2.) WIIITECROSS (NO. 2.) A. Whittam J. Warburton F. Wisedall . l5 D. Wrench A. Thornley l3 J. Hatton lO 3. Elliott H. France 8 A. Charnock l5 H. Newton J. Wells l5 J. Hewitt 3 J. Ashton l2 T. Mills l3 J. T. Boardman E. Blackledge J. Baker (capt.) , 134

iW. H. Beli-- --Sharpies b C. Crow o Hewitt Barker H. Hawthorn b Foster 0 J. Barker b Partridge S. Jakerran b Lawless S. Partridge c Sharpies thorn b Hewitt b Foster R. Hewitt b Lawless 1 R. E. poster c Jones b E. Whitfield b Barker C,E.Hawthonac Penning- R. Sharpies c H. Haw- tort b Ward W. Brooks b Ward ll J. Seed not out P. Bladen c Barker b E. Mann b Hewitt 0 Ward l3 W. Swift c Brooks b W. Jones c Swift b Hewitt Sharpies H. Turner not out 0 field b Bladen RYL ANDS NET ILNG. T. HELENS CABLE. Extras 1 R. Savory ' Total 64 —G. Chamberlain 37 15 J. Heywood 5 M WARRINGTON SECONDARY :SCHOOL V. WIDNES v..Boesrsry l5 F. IVebster 1 ' JUNIORS.—PIayed at Padgate on Saturday. Score : J. Pendlebury l5 R. Kelly SCHOOL. JUNIORS. S. Sheldon E.J. Mee c Harrison b A Davies b Houghton BW. Lawless ' 9W. Egerton Ellis R. H. Albery o Davies b W. Heap b Houghton.— 0 F. Scarisbrick l5 J. Bradbury 7 Ellis W. B. Houghton b E. W. Aspey b Minards... 0 J. Mather l5 J. Clifford 5 Harrison E. Bloor b Ellis 'l T. Vernon c Harding b A. R. Cragg bE. Harri- Minards son 0 H. Mitchell c Albery b J. Groarks bE. Harrison 0 Minards W. Donaghy b Ellis 5 T. Stanley c Clarke b W. C. Harding bE.Harri- Minards son 2 C. Timeson b Houghton D. T. Clarke c T. Harri- T. Harrison not out ... son b E. Harrison 0 P. F. Boardman not out 0 Extras

Extras

Total 2B

Total

STRT:TTON AND APPLETON V. ARLEY.—At Arley on Saturday, resulting in a draw, time only preventing the home team from winning. Score :

ARLEY. STRETTON AND APPLETON. J. V. Smith not out 59 G. Hatton b Toogood 25 Rev. J. H. Toogood c A. Johnson b Toogood 9 Jones b Moorfleld H. Smith c and b Shaw 6 b Toogood J. Dale b Shaw 2B J. Shaw b Toogood 0 Dr. Love lbw b Aloorfield 15 J. Broady 1) Toogood 0 0. Tickle not out Toogood A.Joties lbw b Toogood 7 J. Jones a Griffin b Toogood Sankey a and b J. V Smith 0 Cluindley not out 1 McKay not out 3 Extras *135

Extras 6

Total

Total *innings declared ST. JAMES' V. WALKER'S BREWERY 2ND.—Played on Walker's ground on Saturday. Score;— ST. JAMES'. WALKER'S. P. Knight bJ. Smith 0 F. Gerrard c Jas. Cart- F. Tole c nnd b MOssiter S wright h Rev Davies 2 E. Hackney bJ. Smith 3 R. Knight bßev Davies 3 Rev. D. R. Davies b J. J. Smith bP. Knight... 5 Smith l4 H. Teeco st Jas. Cart- John Cartwright c Darton might b Knight ...... 1 b Messiter 3 B. 51essiter b Rev. C. Massey b INiessiter H. Todd bJ. Smith J. Paton hJ. Smith Jas.Cartwright b Measlier 0 A .11 oss c Tolo b Knight 0 J. Grounds not out A. N. Chester run out J. N. Clare b Eaton 0 J. Lowe b Eaton 0 Extras Total

Total 3G

BULL'S HEAD V. SANKEY CHAPEL HOUSE.—On the green of the flrst-named on Saturday. Score :.- BULL'S HEAD. SANKEY. H. Clare Ed. Shaw l5 J. Sparkes 4 F. Berry l5 H. Houghton 9 J. W. Worsley l5 W. Ellison R. Fairbrother H J. Unsworth l5 John Worsley l3 J. Gouldenin John Bird l5 T. Rigby John Swinton l5 S. Fletcher Albert Gleave l5 J. Barton 6 J. W. Jolley l5 A. Cooper 6 Arthur Shaw Geo. Ball, sen 8 S. Rutter

170 117 , FEARNITEAD v. PENKETIT PARK.—Played on the I green of the first-named on Saturday. Score:— FEAR:MEAD. PENICETH. T. Smith J. Weston l5 A. Woods 7 J. Roberts l5 A. Bowyer J. Mercer l5 S. Shave R. Mercer l5 J. Higham J. Grounds J. Andrews C. Roberts l5 J. Graham P. Croft T. Davies John Weston W. Andrews l5 W. Goulding

fr 169 110 CEMETERY V. HORSE AND JOCKEY.—Played on the green of the first-named on Saturday. Score : CEMETERY. nortsn AND JOCKEY. W. Hill T. Ellison l5 M. Tobin 4 T. Bolton G.Ball l5 T. Hackett 3 W. Swanton l3 H. Jackson R. Bothwell 7 T. Harrison l5 B. Taylor 3 T. Bretherion l5 W. Povey 6 J. Holbrook l5 T. Miller J. Woods l5 A. Skelmerdine J. Berry J. E. Harrison

. Total 116

Total 149 FRIENDLY 3IATCEL

--- ........_ ___. CONSERVATIVE CLUB V. SARACEN'S HE Arh—The fiest match of the season was played on Saturday at the Sankey-street green in splendid weather. The game ended in a win for the Conservative Club by 44 points. SCOTO : CONSERVATI vl: CLUB. SARACEN'S READ. J. Thornton II 1,3 R. Shacklady, jun. 6} „ S. Caldwell J. Hesketh T. Turner B. Leigh I'. Sutton ....... : ...... 8j- 13 J. Bailey ...* - F. Rutter J. Holland H. Booth W. Hill G. Rotherham B} A. Griffiths 8 11 J. Pothnore ll R. Hitch:nough ... W. Millington lll E. Scott 4 R. Sewell II j- 13 A. Darnley ... 7l 12 R. Straw 13 9 W. J. Wilson A. Bailie J. Ashton - ll j " E. Smith

===== 0002601_19050603_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL, CHURCHES.

Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. The usual meeting of this society was held on Sunday last when there was a fair attendance. Mr. William Beswick, sen., occupied the chair. His subject of address was "Praising God in song, for his bounties." Mr. Williamson of Manchester was the speaker his snbject being "The wastes of life, financially, physically and morally." He was listened to with great interest by the members. Mr. Butcher rendered two violin solos in a very pleasing manner, Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac., accompanying on the organ. One new member received the usual hearty welcome into the Brotherhood.

Special Services at Moore. On Sunday the Sunday school anniversary services were held at the Moore • ‘Vesleyan Church, when there were very large congregations. The preacher was the Ray. W. C. J. Neville, of Derby, formerly offfarrington. At the afternoon service he emphasized very impressively the responsibilities of parents and teachers The evening sermon was founded on St. John iv. 24, and succeeded in maintaining the close attention of the largo gathering of hearers, as the spirituality of true worship was discussed. The singing, as usual, was an impressive feature of the services, the choir being con- ducted by Mr. Levi Richardson, while Mr. John Banner presided at the organ. The anthems ‘vere well rendered. Some verses of the hymns were given as quartets by Mrs. Birch, Messrs. James Antrobus, Joseph Roylance and John Cartwright, while one hymn was sung as a solo by a junior scholar Miss Alice Lawton.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Open Air Services at Hill Cliffe.

The first open air services for the season in csonnec- don with the Baptist Church was held on Sunday evert- ing on the steps, and on the open space of grouud on the • side of the lane, the congregation overflowing a little into the lane. Owing to the favourable character of the weather a commencement has been made a fortnight earlier than last year. The weather on Sunday evening was quite ideal for the purpose, and a fairly good con- gregation assembled. The service was conducted by the Pastor, the Hey. J. S. Hughes, who spoke on "The general attitude towards religion—is It reasonable?" Hymn papers were provided and well-known hymns were sung with heartiness and vigour. The compact congregation, gathered by the side of the old chapel, under tne shadow of the old sycamore in full leaf, was a pretty sight. The preacher stood beside the lectern on the higher steps and the organ, presided over by Miss Jones, was placed on the lower steps.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Christ Church Padgate.

At Christ Church, Padgate, on Sunday the annual sermons on behalf of the day and Sunday schools of Christ Church, Padgate, were preached. The morning preacher was the Rev. G. C. Briggs, of Christ Church, Latchford, and the evening preacher the Rev. T. R. Matthews, vicar of Earlestown. Both gave a review of the controversy regarding religious instruction in day schools, and pleaded with their hearers to insist on definite religious teaching forming a part of the scrip- tural lessons given to children. The musical portion of the services was well rendered by the choir, the anthem sung at the morning service, 'Tor His name is excellent," going particularly well. In the evening the anthem, "They shall mount up with wings as eagles " (Simper) was sung. The school managers are at present negotiating for the purchase of a plot of land behind the school in order to provide a playground, and thus remove the children from the road, with its ever-increasing danger from passing traffic. I This, with the, fencing, will cost about £lOO, while it is contemplated that the necessary outbuildings will, cost :a similar suna. In addition to this, his Nlajesay's inspec- tor has, through the Education Committee, drawn the I managers attention to the necessity of dividing up the Large room by movable partitions. This will prove a costly matter. The offertories amounted to £3 in excess of last year.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. Da /WennMalian Quastion.

A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday under the presi- dency of Mr. .1 Billings. There were also present : Mrs:Clay, Mrs. Wilkinson, Miss Broadbent, Rey, Dr. Ilercer, Messrs. W. Hickman, (vice-president), A. J. Jolley, It Forshaw, T. El. Ashcroft, E. L. Bent, S. Davies, T. Ritchie, W. Houghton, G. Thompsou,J. Bsck- house, W. Bolton, J. Turton, W. Flannagan, G. Mather, A. Brooks, Mr. W. Seton; J. C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. Awbery (master) and A. Wright (superintendent.)

THE INFIRMARY. Mrs. A. M. BERESFORD, lady guardian for Derby, who visited the house last Thursday wrote :--I wpnld like to express my pleasure in going over the new Infirmary, and also mention the kindness of the matron in showing me all the new improvements in the Infirmary. I was very pleased with the cleanliness and order everywhere, and the personal interest the matron takes in all the inmates.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE HOUSE.

The MASTER reported that the number of inmates in the House on ‘Vedneaday morning was 476 as compared' with 493 for the corresponding week last year. During the weak 310 vagrants .had been relieved, men and children, compared with 302 for the corresponding week of last year.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
_PROPOSED, SALARY INCREASES.

At a meeting of the Cottage Homes' Committee on May 30th, it was resolved that the salaries of the superintendent and matron be each increased £5 yearly also that Miss Dykes' salary be increased £2 10s. yearly. The application of the other foster mothers was deferred.

It was pointed out that tho water could be fully discussed at the nett Board meeting, if necessary, as the increase would not take effect until the expiration of the question. The minutes were confirmed. THE A CCONINIOII ATION QUESTION.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED UTILIZATION_OF THE OLD INFIRMARY.

At a meeting of the House Committee held on the 26th May it was reported that the sub-committee oppointed to deal with Mr. Hickman'c resolution with regard to the proposed utilization of the old Infirmary ,to provide additional accommodation had appointed Messrs. Owen as professional advisers. The result of the committee's deliberations was submitted as follows :—" Messrs. Owen having submitted sketch plans and explained certain matters which emerged during their consideration it was resolved that it is desirable, firstly that the whole of the accommo- dation on the gro,ind floor of the female side of the old hospital be allocated for the use of female lunatics and imbeciles; secondly that the ground floor of the male side including the present word+ shops, be allocated for the use of infirm men; thirdly, that new workshops be erected 20ft, wide, as indicated on the plan now submitted,and as alternatives, to be one or two storeys in height ; also that Messrs. Owen be empowered to approach the Local Government Board with a view of ascertaining whether these proposed • arrangements would he approved by them with the pur- pose, if this were probable, of the subsequent prepara- tion of full plans, working,. drawings, and estimates." The recommendations were adopted Ananimously. Mr. FORSILLW moved the adoption of the minutes, and said he thonght the Board would be satisfied with the Committee's decision. As soon us the Committte were prepared with a full report, they would submit it to the Board, • The minutes ware approved.

START CURING YOURSELF TO DAY! If you are suffering from any diseese due to an impure state of tbe blood, it is a serious matter. an't does not. admit of del.y. Before you can be restored to health the impurities must be driven out. All Blood and dicta Diseases, emu as

ECZESLi,

BLOOD POISON, BOILS,

SCROFU LA, BAD LEGS,

SCURVY.

1111EUIIATISM, PUIPLUS, dc.

can be positively cured by taking a course of Clarke's Blood Mixture. the World-Famed Blood Purifier. This femous medicine is wsreinteato clesose the blood from all impurities from whatever cause arising. Thousand, of testimonials have ween received frOm all ps rts of the world. Of all Chemists and Stores, 21. 9d. per bottle. Akik for

CLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE

SAND BEWAYE OF IMITATIoNE.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
UNDER-FEB SCHOOL CHILDREN.

How the New Order is to be Worked

in Warrington.

As we recently announced, the provision of meals to I underfed school children has, under a Local Government I Board Order to be undertaken by Board of Guardians who will deal with cases brought, before their notice by the local Education Authorities. Arrangements are being made to put the Order into operation at Warring- ton, and at the meeting of the Board of Guardians on Wednesday the Clerk (gr. J. C, Sutton), read the following letter from Mr. J. Moore Murray, Director of Education :—I beg to inform you that at the last meeting of the Education Committee the ciicillar from the Board of Education with reference to the relief of underfed children was under consideration. The Committee appointed me their officer to make special applications in respect of such children and I should be glad if you would inform me whether you have any suggestions to make as to the method of pro- cedure.

The CLERK said he thought it best to wait upon Mr. Murray and consider the subject with him. So far as his own experience went, from reading Poor Law publications and the Press generally, he did not see that the Order had been put into absolute operation • any- where. His judgment was that the issue of the Order had had a good effect upon the people who did not want to risk disfranchisement or to be exposed to the criti- cism of the public if they did not feed their children. In the event of applications being received it would be necessary to go to the relieving otficer for the particular district in which the children lived, or some special arrangement would have to be made if the work became considerable. Per the present,seeing that Mr. Shearer would in all cases have to collect the money from the parents, as the Board's collector, and that he also filled the position of assistant Telieving officer, if the applications were sent to him in the first instance they could be dealt with. The application of course, must come through the Education authorities' officers to Mr. Murray who would report them to an officer of the Union. At present he had not received any application from Mr. Murray, neither had Mr. Shearer. If any application came, Mr. Shearer would deal with it and report it to the Board.

CIAIIIOI'S 841 PILLS are warranted to cure, In °Blur sea, allacquired for constitutional discharges from the UiuyOraas, Gravel and Pains In the baog. Pled from hdetrury. Itstablished onwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each. of all oftemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throu4b- on thi world, or sent for sixty stamps by the wilters. The Lin coin end 311dland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt.

FLORILINF.?—FOR THE TEETH AND BEESTH.—Tboroughly cleanses lhe teeth trona all parasites or impurities, htrueus the gums, prevents tartar, stops deony, aul gives to tbe teeth a peculiar pearly Whitennes and a delightful fragranee to the breath. Price .2s. 61. for the lig old, or le. per jtr for tbe nodal:se .• Powder," of, all Chemtits and, Yerfumers.— AdVtn

VALUABLE DM:OVERT FO B THZ HAIR.—If your hair I& turning grey or white or falling orf, use the DigitCaN Hata RENEwgn, Or it will rositively restore, every ease, grey or white, hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting Lilo growth price 3e. 61. per bottle.—Advt. To Montt:ll9.—Yr'. WINOLOW'S Soothing Syrup has been cased for over fift,f years by millions of mottp.rs for their childreawhile teething, with perfect success. It will relie3e the poor sufferer Immediately. It Is pleasant to taste; an t pounces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "a' bright % blattan." ci all Cbe23ists Is LW. per buttle.—A3vt

===== 0002601_19050603_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
WONDERFUL CURE Of SORE HANDS

After Most Awful Suffering Ever Ex— perienced Eight Doctors and Many Remedies Failed to Do a Cent's Worth of Good.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THANKS TO CUTICURA IT IS ALL OVER NOW

"I was troubled with sore hands, so sore that when I would put them in water the pain would nearly set me crazy, the skin would peel off and the flesh get hard and break, with blood flowing from at least fifty places on each hand. Words could never tell the suf- fering I endured for three years. I tried eight different doctors, but none did me any good, as my hands were as bad as when I began.. I also tried many reme- dies, but none of them ever did me one cent's worth-of good. I was discouraged. and heart-sore. I would feel so bad mornings, to think I had to go to work. and stand the pain for ten hours' I often felt like giving up my position. I. would have to wrap every finger up separately, so as to try and keep them soft, and then wear gloves over the rags to keep the grease from getting on my work. I had to wear gloves at night; in fact, all the time. But thanks to Cuticura, that is all over now. After doctoring for three years, and spending much money, a single box of Cuticura Ointment ended all my sufferings. It's been two years since I, used any, and I don't know what sore hands are now, and never lost a day's work while using Cuticura. —Thomas A. Clancy, 310 North Montgomery St., Trenton, N. J."

===== 0002601_19050603_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE NIGHT TREATMENT For Sore Hands and Feet with Cuticura.

Soak the hands or feet on retiring in a strong, hot, creamy lather of Cuticura. Soap. ,Dry and anoint freely with Cuti- cura Ointment, the Feat 'skin cure. Wear on the hands during the night old, loose gloves, or bandage the feet- lightly in old, soft cotton or linen. Cutieura Soap, Oinhneat, and Pills are told throughout the world. Depots: London, 27 Cnarrerhouoe Sq.; Paris, 5 Rued a Pala., Australia, R. Towns w Co.. Sydney. Potter Dnig ChM. Corp., Gootoo, U. Sole Props. okr• Send tor " The Great Skin Rook." Italica

P'res.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT HE SAID.

Mr. W. F. Warren, 36, Melbourne Road, Tilbury Dock Essex, writes :—" I can assure you the first box I took did me more good than all the medicine I have bac' from my club doctor for six weeks. Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the back, Dropsy, Diseases of Kidneys, &c., Sciatica, Rheumatism and Gout, will find a positive cure in Holroyd's Gravel

Pills. Try small box; if not satisfied money returned. s. I.ld. all Chemists; post free 12 stamps. front Holdroyd's Medical Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorks.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
TENNENT9S

tgADt. MARK • •„:., •

===== 0002601_19050603_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
LAGE

BEER.

li GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM SEDIMENT

To be obtained from M. WALKER & SONS LTD., Froghall Bridge, Warington, and of all Wine Merchants and Bottlers. EiMatured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled. See that Every Bottle has the Red T. Label. 19, Lancelots Hey. Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOW

TOOTH-ACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY

BUNTER'S et8760:',1 Udak V. I tY6II Satractiou ileepless Niglts Prsvented. Neuralgic Headaches and all Nerve Pains removed hi,Bincruira NERVINE NEI:MINH. All Chemists, ls. or post free on receipt of stamps to DEPOT, 13, St. George Street. Norwich.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD RG'SRYWHERS ad Is. lid., 2s. )1., 4s. dd., ta.ti Its. 0 yth • d e, LUNG TONIC q

THE WORLD'S CORR

FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS,' ASTHMA., &O.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST FAMILY MEDICINE.

KAYE'S WORDSELL'S PILLS

Are a (*dein cure for Indigestion. Biliousness, liesclsalsa Dyspepsia. Constipation, Liver and Kidoey Complaints,lo.. For Ladies of all ages they are invaluable

Of all Ohomists, la. lid.. —ls. 94. ,and 4s. 64. per box or post free on releipt of stamps to . .

DEPOT. LS. St. George Street. Norwich.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe "e;anuntr gstrus

vIR ' WADDINGTON AND MID-CHRSHISB .4_ HIAXINEII." published every Safaris— morning. . T".. EADLISSTOWN .a ND NRWTON ES•32INDD , publiehed every Friday afternoon. r" "ST. HELENS EXAMINER,' published every Friday afternoon. F" "RuNCortm EXAMINEE," published every Friday afternoon. T" ..,v,... ExAidumit," published every Friday afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENT APARTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED HOUSES TO BE SOLD A.P•RTMENTS TO LET ARTICLES LOST MISCELLINEnTIS ei ANTS ARTICLES FUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Cs. 64. ~. Is. 3d. ... 2s._ Od. 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_19050603_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
nomestir itterbantO. etr.

--- WANTEG GENERAL SERVANr.—AppIy Mrs. LLOYD, Boar's Head Hotel, Leigh. Lancashire.

-413/SBRAL SIIRVANT.—WA.NTBD GIRL about 18 or 19. Jr —Apply Mrs. MINE. Lime Cottage, Macclesfield.

WAND. COUNTRY GIRL as General. with good refer- ence.—Mies PlLKlrcirow. 50, Pitt-st., Liverpool.

WANTED GENERAL ; gond wages for suitable girl; reference requlred.-87,LI7ExP0or, RD.Birkdale,S'thport

NU ANTED, naperienced GENERAL ; wages £lB.—Apply • Mrs T. CMYKE. Qnsrry ttnnse. Aughton. nro-msSirk _

•-• . WANTED, SRRVANT MAN. to Itre In: good all-round man.—Apply GEORGE WILKINSON, Northwood Farm. Padtham.

NVANTBD. exnertenced fast-class WAITRESS for good- class Café. Ltb!ral wagea.—Addreas CAFE ROYAL. Arcade. Blackburn.

lATANTTIO good GENNRAL ; reliable ; wash ; fond of cbiIdren.—CHIDTIELD, 10 Abingdon rd., Brook- lands, Manchester.

WANTBD, GIRL about 15 for chip shop; mast be strong 7 comfortable bon:ie.—Mrs. CHEETHAM. Wood et.. Middleton, Manchesrer.

WANTED, GENERAL June 21st, good Cook essential; two In family ; wasblng mostly sent out. —BEAT:MONT, The Grove, Altrlncham.

WANTED good GENSRAL SERVANT. able to do plain coo.aing ; good character ; wages £l7 —Mn. CiIITEEI. 35. Balharn -"ark rd.. Wham. London.

SERVA NTS of all classes WANTED —0 sitoan REGISTRY 70, Cbnrch it.. Blackpool. Pnblie and Private Entrance fee le.

WANTED for Hoylake, Cheshire in small family, GENERAL SERVANT. No registry need apply.— Write HARRIS 9 Prussia rd., Hoylake.

A LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or ti town.public and private.-Call or write Miss otEt isoNs only office). 6,oldbam street, Manchester. Established 1862.

WVANTED. COOK-GBNERAL. age from 25 to 36 ; a little washing: good wages to suitable person.-36a, XFORD PT., Liverpool. WANTED. Immediately. GENERAL with knowledge of plain cook Inft.—nppl7 AMID? LL COTTAGE, Sandy- mount Drive, New

WANTED. HOUSEMAID-WAITRE3S, some experienre eler.,vman's family.—Address Mrs. HAYNES. 23, Newsham-drive. Newsbam Park. Liverpool.

NITARTRD experienced WAITRESS, Protestantog- about 24, Wages EV/. must have good referencn.—Airs. A9PDFX. Sykes Holt. Balderstone. near Blackburn.

QIT UATI 0 N VACAUT Cook-4ener,sls, House-parlour- -1.7 maid!. Nurse-housernalds. near ondon.—Wrlte to the BUREAU UNIVERALL, 35 Church at., Kensington. W.

MTANTED. 20 GENERALS, 10 Cook-Generals, Head Laundresses for lYlanchester district. —ran or write. Mn'. CoolcsoN,l4,aton 7.Tersev Peqistrv. warobester.

ANTILD good GlililittAL SISRVANE ; one &bk. to wash and do plain cooking; two In family ; good refer- ton requirPd.—Mrs.' MITR, phroAit4,LlYeronol rd,Pormby.

_ WANTED, UNDER HOUSEMAIDS, wages from £l4 to £l6 per year with board.lodging,and washing.—Apply giving full particulars to Dr. STREET, Haydock Lodge, Newton-le-Willows. Lancashire.

ft (RS. RN 4D REQUIRBS Good PLAIN COOKS be-ween .131. and Kitchenmaids, WattTesses, Housemaids, Nurses nd superior generals —SELECT REGISTRY, Rushoime, Manchester. Nerablisbed 25 years.

ALL CLASSES OF SITUATIONS. private and publics goad bones, excellent wages ; places in town, country and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

C BA HIBB tIifiGISTRY OnfIUB.—WADITBD good GIRITBRALS •, good situations waiting. Also lalie• promptly suited.—Mrs. JSMRS COOKSON, Grocer and Draper. 41. Lewin st.. Allddlewich. Cheshire. ‘1 - ES. PRIOTON. Progressive Servants' Agency, 44, lU_ Charles at. Oldest established in Blackpool. 'Wants SERVANTS with referee cm for Hotels. Boarding. Private Houses ; good wages ; enclose stamp

COOKS WANTED £2O to £24. Housemaid Waitress £lB to £22, Generals £lB to £2O. Girls £l4, excellent places No connection with any other office.—Write to HAnateos's 6 Oldham street. Mancbester.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
re be ?W.

PIINKRTIL—GOOD HOUSIN WITH GAM:IBR% 311• Bd per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and ?.s. 6d. per week.. Also Semi-detached House, Chapel-rosd, rent £l4. IVY LODGB,FROGHALL LARB reluced rent. SmALL WORKS, LATCHFORD, 5 minutes from War- rington Bridge, rent 7e. 64. week. 61, CATHRRINR ST., 6 roomed house, rent els week. LABURNUM VILLA, FROGHALL LAMB, reduced rent. 17, MILL LANS rent 6s. week. 55, NEW ROAD, rent 4s. 9d. week. 17, PIRRPOINT ST., rent 4s. week. 6, SCHOOL BROW, rent 3s. 9,1. week. Apply Itongwr Lowg. Rotate Agent,No. I Bank-street War- rington. Telephone—No 65.

TO LIU 17, FOLLY Lkllt,—Apply WooDi lc SoN Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

TO LET GOOD BOMB, Parker street, rent 35., mgrith _I elear.—Apply Woons tt 2ow, Solicitors, Warrington.

MO LET, LOCKUP CORNER SHOP; tram route. any _1 business ; rent 4s. clear.—Apply 82. KING IT.. Bury.

- nix) ma, good HOUSE In Derby-street. rent 4s, 6d ; also 1 one of Bevreey-road, rent 4s. 6d.—Apply WOODg & SON. olleitors, Warrington.

910 BH LT.—HOUSE and SHOP 87. Pinropton it. J. Liverpool rd., Warrington. Suitable for Greengrocer or Neb.—Apply J. Tuba Err & Sol, 14, C4lro street.

FFPOULTRY and GRRENGROURRY BUSINRSS to be Disposed of, good stand ; no baking, trap ; £5O weekly.—Appl7 MILLEII. 12. Bridge at.. R‘rleetown.

ftEl LET —Large FAMILY HOUSIC, with garden. Po. 1 17. Stafford rd.. Wilderapool ; rent £2B.—lnqalre of the tenant, or at 116. WILDERSPOOL CAU.EWLY. Warrington.

frO LET GOOD BAKEHOUSE. two ovens. with :use of J. yard and room for astable erection if required. at No. 58, Bewsey st., Warrlngton.—For rent, &c., apply JOll,l B. iticiumpsoN. 39 Bridge et., Warrington.

T ATOMPORD WITHOUT.—Within 5 minutes from car or Li station, two newly-erected Snit-DETACHED VILL&S. decorated throughout, containing two sitting-roomckitchen, larder washhouse, 4 bedrooms, bath, w.c., hot and cold water ; good gardens, well elevated.--Apply E. CONN)11, Sankey st., Warrington,

"LIUR SALE or TO LET Morningside, Salisbury it., 12 pleasantly situated, overlooking st. Elphin's Park ; two entertaining rooms, five bedrooms, bathroom and lavatory, kitchen, scullery. pantry, wash-house and large garden ; also on Sale. splendid Site for two good Houses in same tureet.—Apply ARTHUR BENNETT, Chartered Accountant. Market gate Charpbers, Warrington.

AWONDERFUL DISCOVERY.—This is the age of research and experiment, when all nature, so to speak. is ransacked by the scientific for the comfort and happiness of man. Science has indeed made giant strides dining the past century, and among the—by no means least impertant—discoveries in medicine comes that of THIIRAPION. _ '

This preparation is ut-iqUe-etTo-na-bi-v-Ona of the most gen- uine and relia..le Patent Meal...lines ever introduced, and has we understand, been used In the Continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostan, Jobert. Velpeau, Maisonneuve, the well- known Chassalgnac, and indeed by all who are regarded as authorities in such matters, including the celebrated Lane- mend, and Roux, by whom it was some time sinec uniformly adopted, and that it is worthy the attention of those who require such a remedy we think there is no doubt. From the time of Aristotle downwards a potent agent In the removal of these diseases has, like the famed philosopher's stone been the object of search of some hopeful generous minds ; and far beyond the mere power—lf such could ever have been discovered—of transmuting the ba‘er metal into gold is surely the discovery of a remedy so potent as to replenish the failing energies In the one case, and in the other NO effectually, speedily and safely to expel from the system the poisons of acquired or Inherited disease in all their protean forms as to lesVtl no taint or trace behind, Such is the new French Remedy THERAPION, which may certainly rank with. if not take precedence Of. many of the discoveries of our day, about which no little Bstentation and noise have been maade, and the extensive and ever-Increas- ing demand that has been crested for this medicine wherever introduced appears to prose that It is destined to cast jut) nblivion all those questionable remedies that were formerly tLe sole reliance of medical men. Therapion may be obtained of the principal chemists and merchants throughout the world Diamond fields Advertiser -Kirnberley.—For par- ticulars of Therapion, send stamped, addressed envelope to MR. R. JOHNSON. 43 HOLFORD Sq., LONDON, W.C.

NURSE'S FAMOUS IMMALE FILLS

THE FINEST REMEDY. PRICE Is. 11D. AND as. SD. A BOX POST FEEL NURSE (W)., 83, WOODSTOCK ROAD, BEDFORD PARK, I.OEDON, W.

BARBBR'S ITCH, BCZBMA,—Sure, quick cure. price Is. 6d.—RoLarsz k Co., Wingata Durham.

ELASTIC EIOSIRRY ao.—F. and J. RENSHAW, 74 Mal meabury Road, Bow, London. Llat free.

DRACELETS, massive gold-cased, expanding, Si.; post free.—WELLS, 22 Mentone rd , London, N.

TIMBER SET, 53 pieces. 13s. 9d ; sample 64. (packed free).-3. B. fdam.ok & Co., Burstein, Staffs.

pUZZLII SOLUTIONS : P.O. Is. each; stamped addressed envelope.—HE&THE FO.L, Llangadfan, Welshpool.

GARDRN NHTTING ;1O rquare yards, fair condition, 31, carriage pail.— NORTH MT, Auctioneer, Plymouth.

T OOK I NW AttHIC sweat HILS —I will send one pair, .1J any size, carriage paid, 55.—800 T WATUIHOUBB, 108 Howard at., Oxtord.

(TIMETABLE DOWN, sufficient to fill s full-sized cushion V sent on receipt of postal order 15.—TITBRALL, 27, Denmark Street, LonOon, E.

-- MOTHERS TAKE NOTICE that " O.N.K.P. " kllla all nit. anti vermin, never fails ; large tins post free 51. from J. A. OAKES. Weymouth.

A USTRALIAN CRICKETERS' POSTCARDS, 15 H. Cartoon Portrait Postcards. post free, TURNER, Stationer, 24 Angel it., Sheffield.

2 COLOURBD POSTCARDS, Actresses.Beanties,Views, e..? Sm.. ls. ; Frencb, la. packets. Money returned.— OacRGE WRIGHT Chesterton, Staffs.

KLICHNEZIIS, registered plate cleaner. Can. 6d. and 11.. three cins, either size, post free. Agents wanted.— WEctra. The Modern Jeweller, oouthsea.

44 1, TATSINIoNIAL POST" sealed envelope sd. With 131 circelar 9d.—EDITOR, 11 Trstalgar Buildings, London w.O —Specimen copy, stamp.

CSOORERY.—Crates of seconds always in stock, suitable for Markets. Hawkers, Shopmen. Write for fres list.— IMPERIAL ART POTTP.RY. LOII{EtOO, :ARM. THE Greatest Offer on Record ! 7-piece leather Dining _1 room Suite, spring stuffed. £2 nr. ; carriage paid any wisere. Photos.—PENDRED, Bury fit. Edmunds.

IRONi NEVREI STlCK.—Wasbing and ironing made easy; laundry finish for collars, blouses, ,tc , sample is.— LAUNDRY I PAEAM COMPANY Millhouses, Sheffi,.ld.

BAZAAR GOODS (Special?. 60.—Greatest variety and value in the trade,whole aIe.—SALMON A MATTHEWMAN, LTD.. Plough Building., Gloucester et., Birmingham

your? CHAR R AuTH DkLIBBATBD from your hand- writing. Send specimen, stamped envelope. and le. P.O. to 'VEHIT.O,. 50, Beresford Road,Harrincay, London.

114,XTHAORDINARY OFFSII.-6000 pairs Leather Con- stantlnonle Slippers. beantifully embroidered In gold. sample pair, 2s Post free.—Tusxisn, 67, Arcadian Gardens. Wcr.d r-raen Lonoon.

VON-FADING CURTAIN FABKIu, b 2 Inches wide. In beautiful shades of greens. crimsons' and tal nos. To Introduce this fabric we are charging it 2s. 31d. per yard on first order only. Samples free, all goods carriage paid.— Address Desk 'L,' HEELAS, LTD.' Reading House Furnishers by Royal Appointment and Sole Proprietors of the celebrated 'Wester Art Fabrics, Carpets, and Cork Carpets.

2/6 WITH ORDER secures a really Llgh class perfect fitting SUIT; or Tailor-made COdTUMIL balance Is. weekly. Go-d business Sults from 275. dd.; Boots 104.6 d.; no objectionable enquiries and quickest delivery in the trade. Call or write for patterns and American self measurement Corn' post free. Perfect fit guaranteed.—Write. Dept. 441 A. Tnoms.n. 317, Upper at,, Islington, London, N.

I j RIVE LLB BY. —BANK RCP F STOO UGB BAR - GAINS. MUST BE CLBARBD.—kINGAGEME:NT RINGS (worth 105 6d) 3or 5 Stones, 22-carat Rolled Gold, 21. 6d. each to clear. Curb Bangles (worth Bs. 63.), some jewelled (turquoise) 2s, each; 2s. 64. complete with padlock. Magnificent Brooches (worth 4s. 6d. to 9e. 6d.), is. 63., 25., 2s 6d. to clear. Ladies' Long Chains, all latest ',AI erns. 2s each to clear. Pendants, plain or jewelled (wh.te or coloured stones) Is. and is. 63• each to clear. Necklets, exquisite designs, in. 63„ 219. and 2s. 6d each to char. Beautiful and valuable selection of Blouse Pins, in sets of 3. 4s. 63.; singly, Is. 93. each. Finest assortment of jewelled or plain Hat Pins is. 3d. each. Pearl Necklets and Pendants, I Row. is. fid. ; 2 Rowe, 25., with best clasps. highest quality. Pearl Dog Collars, exquisite, with finest Parisian spacing bars, 45 11d. each to clear. All warranted, and sent on three days' approval. No cheap rubbish.—THE MANAGER (J. Dept.), 14, Foley Place, Fenton, Stoke ou'rrent.

fiqtatllantous, On Oales, eft.

i PYPEWRITRa (Lambert) new. Complete 57. 6d.-0. P. .1. TEBBS, 36. St. Andrew's rd., Portslade.

"ZITHER (Liou ') for Sale. splendid tone. little used, price "A 24a., cheap.-420 London rd., Sheffield.

A CCUMULATED English and Foreign Postage Stamps. .1-1. Sample 10 COO 2e. &J.—MARLA:SD ST., Preston.

6 I_l OW TO WIN SUOCIISS IN BUSINESS. post tree Is. 3d.—Sm au, 38 Lem) St., Ashton-under-Lyne.

A CABINHTS N. 6d., reproduced from any photograph you '-I- send, trial solictted.—TAYLOß, Photographer, Morecambe

RAZOILS.—Finest Steel, hollow ground; Is, 6d free ; shop price 35.—RETICOLDS. Springvale rd., Sheffield.

rIIINO handrome Julian Rugs, very beautiful harmonious 1. colours. Bargain. Never used.—MleziFOßE. Bamore Poole.

CARAIRIiS and Dairymen should send to ALFRED AILIE9 Co., Siddals rd., Derby, for list of Milk Churns and Dairy Utensils.'

NEW Household Acc)unt Book, simple and sensible, 3,. 6d. post free.—BIQUEEN ,a SONS, Printers, Devana rd , Leices'er.

FOR SA Lls —P.teut (fully protected) making umbrellas practically kwaterproof. lidsy purchase terms,—ii. J. Blatt e. Lowestoft.

Q &CURB AT ONCE.—Moaster offer, po3t, hes Is. A Hand- kJ some Writing Case and Art t'boto Franse.—NovncTY Co. 48 Beeob at., London, LC.

I)KAUTIFUL SILK PATCITWORKS, 250 pieces le. 3d; 1) Plush parcel, le 361 ; carriage paid.—ALFRED. 42). Great Cheetham it., Itlan3hester.

AsgivE Semi-circular Sideboard solid Mahogany. LV elaborately carved ;91 t. 6lns. loag, cellarette drawers, &c. ; photo,—WarrE, Worceiter House, Bridpirt.

T N 31VBRY HOUSEHOLD a list of recipes is worth pounds. You can get such and save pounds by sending only 2s ed. to BLEIGII CLIFT, Esq., Lakenheath. Suffolk.

A COLONIAL Gentleman, 36 settlice in lingland.wishes PI to correspond with a lady with a view to matrin3ony ; confidential.—Box 2638,c o SHLRRQW A:4D THATHER, Holborn Plac3, London, W.C. •

===== 0002601_19050603_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 3, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
*Nag, Ettsttttlsoo. gitarts, tit.

HAtuDILICSSMIS' BUSINE6B for Disposal. goodwill and fixtures, £7 ; good opening for tobacconist.—APplV t±.. 265, Reston lane, Stockport

flariniClTlOß HRY BUBIBBSS, three oven'. Bakehouse I.J on level; three bedrooms.-5, Gaouez ST. Whitworth rd., Cronkeyehsw, Rochdale.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Rotor earcS,eptits, arriagto, tte

GBNUINE HUMBER MADE CYCLES; £6 155., mall ; carriage paid. Approval.—MmaELL, Stafford.

I)UDOR-WHITWORTH Cycle absolutely free, Bend post- JUL card for full particulars.—GEE & Co., Oleethoroes.

ON SALH.—GART (nearly new), Lurry. Landau, Victoria, and Wargonette.--J. FOULDS, 72, High it., Atherton.

20 SETS OLD HARNESS, £1 to £2 1O.; sundry bridles, Collars, gears, gent'a saddles, and bead collars CUMMINS. Sadler. Sollthuort.

VOlt SALIS, MOTOR BICYCLE, " Re: " 3-h.p. ; perfect; 1: moray carburetter ; cheap.—EDWARD, Grosvenor Motor Garage. Bastgate st., Chester.

tliJflt2

EsTABWHED OVER FORTY Yzini. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREHT, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STRE C H ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from RIO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY' NOTE. DARTI E 6 wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYS.CRISI OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THR BORROW ER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED MANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS EROSIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent eases a Representative will call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

Vlutation.

Q ANDBAU ii SCJIUOL, CUP SRI R.—Moderate 1., Fees. Illustratert Prospectus from Hendmseter.

(JNIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A MOST SUCCEISFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS.

W. HIINDERSON. M.A., Prlncipal,

*/orgesl nogs, Etbe Stork tizr.

LI_RAND AFRICAN' GREY PARROT with red tail. Begun X to talk, 25e., approval.—Moan, Seabright Villa, Castle-nought!, Scotland.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Ulanteb

VNEHGBTIO men may easily earn %Os. to 40s. per week. .1.24 Best paying Agency going.—itamped address, 7 Cassie AVENUE, Ashford, Kent.

101.1A1Cr.1t WANTED. at once,spare tune,for harlestown NJ and Newton ; knowledge of canvassing preferred ; refer- enoes.-134, CAMBRIDGE RD., Southport.

HOW TO MAKS NIONHY.—No gambling. Sound business enterprise. Large profits. Write for particulars. —PROFIT 14, Quinton it., Saristiele, London. S. .

ATOUIRU MAN MUSKS SIT UATIoN Ad PLUMBER; _L gas, h. 8c 0. water and pump fitter, main pipe laying, &c.--PeIIDDLETox, Monks Lane, Auellem, Cheshire.

"AT , RKING. BAILIFF SBBK3 BlTUATlON,unserstanue all Farm work and Stock. can Idll sheep and Mg.. Good references.—A. Idll.NßuLL,249.Landidowne,Birkenh3ad

V MING} 1111 IN (itrong) WANTRI) for Kam Work in 1 Ontario, Canada. nituatlona provided immediately on arrlval.—For particulars apply ONTARIO GOVERNMENT AGENCY, 7, James st.. Liverpool.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, dm., BOUGHT FUR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR AOVANuES MADB. RICHEST PRICES GIVRN. NO CHARGE FOR INSPECTION. HAMLET AND CO., 12 KCBS-WI/BET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
0%15, Vouitrp, dr.

LaT ARM{ Ayleebury DUCK EGGS, 25.34. per sitting.— Apply JAMES COOK, I.A. Roman rd.. Blackburn.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
390u5e5 anili ?Lauri an ale.

ehltl BALK. small PRIVATKI 1101.1811 ; 3 minutes from NJ station and sea.—Apply 127. HIGH ST.. HisSitpool.

iIN ,ALB.-41.PPL IC TRICE FARM. Sutton near Eteocles- kJ field, 9 sores. good land.—Josepu LOMAS, Wythen Lache, Combs. I erbvehire.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Otbtral.

VU-SUTH-MR.—Prompt neuralgia cure; chemists, 25., or 1 post Zs. 3d.—ROBERI'SON, Chemist, St. Boswells. \ V MIN Doctors tall try Dawes' Herbal Remedies. Advice tree —DswEs' BOTANIC DEPOT, Aston ra anon

HE Greateet Corn Cure on Berth is Cornea. Price la. box.—J. SHANDL-PIT. 95 Dongola rd.. Plaistow. E.

A BHMA, Bronchitis, positively cured with Lozenge, no kl morphia.—Wrlte RUMBALL 46 Central Hill, riorwood

TIOCTOR MAItICEIELWYICES Blom of Health Nile, ; I_l Complexion Soaps, le. tablets.—HOSSELL Co., Tottenham.

RHRUMATISM,Lumbago. Stiff Joints. NUItSIS HELSN'S Famous BMBROCAtION, 28.-8, 11411ELEIGGE RD., Ciaphsm, London.

my TOOTHACHE CURE is the result of 10 years experi- ence in a Dental Surgery.—Free 7pl.—F. O. MILES, Nelson rd., Salisbury.

.w ORM S in OHILDIDIN and ADULTS cured by riPCIINO PASTILL&S ; delicious Chocolate Flavour, Is. ji.. 2s. 9d., 4e. 6d. ; Postage Id.--CURPENTER. Chemist; South Wimbledon, London.

CIOBRELLY'd COB/MC 11VB and CONSTIPATION CURB.—The evils caused by Constipation are well known, aud sufferers from them will find in this Correctlys the most effective remedy. For Ladies it is invaluable. For kin troubles, arising from Constipation or Female Ailments, It is „equalled, quickly developing a Spotless and Beautiful Complexion, ls. and 28.9c1.—Wmeox,Chemist,Armley, Leeds.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
jnartniicol, CU.

A victory so overwhelm- THE FUTURE IN ing as that which the THE FAR EAST. Japanese Fleet has scored

- over its Russian foe takes some little time to appreciate at its full significance The details which .ire now coming in all go to prove both the magnitude and completeness of Admiral TOGO'S triumph. It is, indeed, not any exaggeration to say that the Russian Navy is now no more. The sea power of the CZAR is as com- pletely wiped out as was the sea power of NAPOLEON in 1805. ROJECESTVENSKI and his two principal Admirals are prisoners of war. All the battle squadron of the great Baltic armada has been sunk with the exception of two ships which have bean captured. An almost bewildering record to be sure. If matters go on as they have progressed during the eighteen months that the war has been in progress, we shall soon reach the limit of the stereotyped speculation. "What next ? " There will be no " next " left. One Armageddon was enough in the days of old. No nation can stand a succession of such cataclysms. The story of the fight is extraordinary. There are tales of mutiny, of sailors throwing themselves into the sea, and of officers who would have been brave enough on shore, but were paralysed on shipboard in the presence of the skilful and daring enemy. All this accumulated evidence of impotence has for the first time struck the Allies of Russia with dismay. Hitherto the French Press has mini- mised the Russian misfortunes, but now it has dawned on our neighbours that the whole business is irretrievable. With one voice public opinion thus calls on trio CZAR to make peace. Thia may no more than embitter the irritation of the Russian bureaucracy, already incensed by the refusal of France to grant another loan. The officials of St. Petersburg are very free with the assertion that the CZAR will persevere with the war, but ho he is to do it and maintain the financial credit of his country nobody has the least idea. Baron SIIYEMATSII remarked yesterday that "the bureau- crats must see there was no chance of improving their position,which possibly might come out worse if they continued the struggle." The Japanese Statesman added, with firm nut courteous irony, that "the Russians must give up all idea of regarding their own face as bigger than that of Japan." This, however, appears to be still the dominant idea at St. Petersburg. What Russia has to give up is her cherished supremacy in the Far East. She has to give it up as far as one can see at least for a generation. She will have to ' leave off meddling with China, for Japan will nexa have a possible word to say on the relations of , China to the rest of the world.

This aspeot of the case must be eminently dis- agreeable at Berlin, where the naval experts are very loth to believe in the Russian overthrow. All the KAISER'S beautiful projects for extending German territory at the expense of China will look uncommonly small when Japan imposes a naval and military veto. It is in the last degree improb- able that Japan will threatei, either the German or French positions in the Far East as they stand at present, but she will make it impossible to

increase them. Germany cannot send an army to China, and the Japanese Navy will soon be a matck for any Navy afloat except our own. All the European Powers will have to reconsider their relations with China in the light of the new situation. There is no "Yellow Peril" except to such ambition as Russia has fostered to her own undoing. China is not a I military State, and the idea of hordes of Chinamen over-running Europe is ludicrous when we see the majority of the Chinese unable to defend their own country against aggression. But it is quite conceivable that, if ever Japan and China should adopt a common policy, they will put an end to speculation. As we are not seeking any territory in the Far East this very rational compact would not affect us. Nor is it, easy to see how any British interests will be injured by the rise of Japan as a great Asiatic Power.

The annual report and statement of accounts for the Electricity Department is in many respects gratifying. A considerable increase of business during the year is recorded, while a net profit of £1,543 12s. 9d. is shown. It would have been better, however, if we could have had a similar statement from the Tramways D4artnient,for after all, the two are one in the eyes of the public. The bald announcement is published in the minutes of 'the committee at a profit of £4.5085. 6d. has been ' made on the tramways, thus reducing last years' deficit of £692 7s. 7d. to £:241 19s. id. These figures are, however, not very instructive. It will probably be a considerable number of years before either department is able to hand over any of the profits shown on the balance sheets for the relief of the rates, and until they are in this happy posi- tion we fear the public will refuse to look upon the Electticity Supply Undertaking and the Tram- ways as paying concerns. Both departments make a practice of ignoring depreciation in their state- statement of accounts, preferring to maintain plant out of revenue, and so long as this practice is adhered to there can be little hope of financial assistance from them. The profits which are declared, seem to us more illusory than real, and we should like to see a sounder system of finance adopted.

What may be termed the boating season at War- rington has opened with a very distressing fatality, no less than three lives being lost by the capsizing of a small skiff. Exactly how the accident happened will never be known for the three persons drowned were the only occupants of the boat,and no one on the banks of the river witnessed the over-turning of the boat. It is presumed, and with substantial reason, that the men were chang- ing seats, which is one of those reckless and frequently fatal things with no amount of warning will persuade people to avoid. There is not much boating at Warrington, but at Chester where there are hundreds of boats, one or two fatalities occur every year and usually from the same cause. In the height of the season one cannot row a mile or two up the river without see- ing some foolhardy persons changing seats in mid- stream, and usually cheerfully oblivious of the grest danger so simple an operation involves. We really think that it would be a wise thing for the Corp•irations of Chester and other pepular boating centres to make a bye-law rendering hirers of light craft liable to prosecution for thus recklessly endangering human life. There are plenty of police patrol boats about to ensure the bye-law being obeyed. If people revire to change seats they should pull to the side before doing so and thus minimise the danger. The Warrington fatality could doubtless have been avoided, and while we hope it will be a lesson to those who seek pleasure on the water, we add our deep sympathy to that of the relatives and friends of the two map and a boy who so suddenly and sadly lost their lives on Saturday.

The deliberations of the sub-committee appointed by the Council on the 9th November to consider and report upon Standing Order 45, relating to the wages clause in Corporation contracts havn been prolonged, but they do not carry matters very much further. Yet in our opinion they have resulted in the framing of a standing order which is explicit and perfectly fair. Substantially it insists on the observance of the standard rate of wages and hours of labour. The old order amounted to exactly the same thing if properly enforced, so that it is obvious that the Committee cannot see any necessity for making 9, change in the conditions governing the work let to contractors. Councillor Stott is just as much dissatisfied with the sub-committee's recom- mendations as with the old standing order, and in a series of special motions .he frames an order embodying the Trade Unto: rate of wages. All parties concerned are, there- fore, exactly where they were at the commence- ment, and it is high time, we think, that the Council settled the question absolutely. The Trade Unionists have i had more than fair consider- ation shown to them n the matter,and it is appar- ently impossible to convince them that desirable as it may seem to them to have a Trade Uniou Clause it would not operate as fairly and equably' as the one now in force. The printing trade locally affords an excellent example. If Mr. Stott's motion was carried about 90 per cent. of the printers 111 Warrington would decline to touch Corporation work, and yet no one could assert that the conditions of labour as imposed by them are not all that can be reasonably expected. The Council will be wasting further time by discussing Councillor Stott's motions. The principle involved is perfectly well understood and need not ha further elaborated.

We were somewhat in error last week in stating that the Council had shelved the question of asking' Mr. Carnegie for a grant in aid of the museum and library. The matter was evidently put on one side for the moment to obviate what promised CO he a somewhat acrimonious discussion at the last Council meeting. Nevertheless we hardly thought the Museum Committee would have had the temerity to re-introduce the subject just yet. The Committee is evidently ince an importunate mendicant and not easily deterred Moreover the General Purposes Committee has passed a resolution submitted by the Museum Committee authorising the opening of communi.- cations with Mr. Carnegie, so that the question as to whether Warrington shall beg from the Pitts- ' burg ironrnaster is half-decided. A month ago Ithe Mayor was strongly opposed to ani such appeal being made, and Councillor T. Wright was even more averse to any of Mr. Carnegie's money coming to Warrington by such a channel. There will probably be an illuminat- ing discossion on the subject next Tuesday, with not a little historical quotation which may ps pungent. After the paragraph which went the round of the papers last m3nth we should imagine that Mr. Carnegie will firmly and perhaps not politely refuse any request from Warrington. But we hope the Council will not give him the oppor- tunity. To say the least at this stage, it is beneath the dignity of a County Borough to solicit alms from an American millionaire for a public improve' ment.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
" WORCESTER " V. "CONWAY "BOAT RACE.

This interesting event takes place this year on the Mersey, on Wednesday, June 7th, and is the sixteenth annual race, rowed by the cadets of the two nautical training colleges alternatively on the Thames Baia Mersey, for the Silver Challenge Cup and Shield, which are held for the year by the successful crew.

WINDFALL OF £97,000. ' Miss Agnes Janette Russell, of Dunfermline.Scotland has unexpectedly inherited Z 97,000, says the " Express" New York correspondent. Alexander Russell, an old man, apparently poverty stricken, who took °' cheap room in Brooklyn in October of last year, NO& recently found dead in bed. The police on taking charge of two trunks which were so far as was know' all Russell possessed, found enclosed giltredg. securities worth £BO,OOO, and a bank-book sho'lll,,, deposits of £17,000. There was also a will appointill Mr. David B. Blair, of Dunfermlne, executor orders to hand over all the estate to Miss Jennette Russell, the old man's sister. Mr. Blair 1' DOW in New York settling the estate.

ir

I

'p

_ * * " Bigotry—religious or ati-religious—if allowed to Rrow up in our (the Labour) movement, would pester and choke the harvest of our work. It had better be 114)ped in the bud. It has ruined many a popular cause. It has created disputations that have diverted the attention of the people for ages from the work of social emancipation. So far as religion and agnosticism tleal with problems concerning theology they lava no place in Socialist discussion. So far as tney present ideals of social conduct before us they ust do so on terms of equality and forbearance. The Socialist movement must not be made the battle ground for creeds. The work is for socialism."—Labour , Leader.

* * * Air. R. A. Naylor's feelings have been shocked in 'inch a congenial place as the Bangor Conservative Club. There he noticed a paper which, in a leading tiele stated that "if Mr. Balfour desired to introduce , -Wand ducal methods he must take grand ducal con- equences." "Now what did that mean ?" asked Mr, aylor in horrified aceents of an audience of ladies. t meant "he said "that Mr. Balfour must he assassi- .' !utted." "Had they ever heard of such a thing in a 'al'ld of professing Christians ?" Apparently the . Ladies Hadn't, or if they had they were too shocked to : reraember. Clearly, the literature of the Bangor Con- servative Club needs strictly revising, if it is possible ' r the candidate for the division to come across such re _ volutionary sentiments on its tables. ' * * * 1 , School children are to be allowed the use of the u.,atils on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays from '3.30 to 6p.m., the Education Committee paying a sum cl X5O per year for the privilege. This is something Rained, but we should like to have seen sotne pro- Yision for instruction in swimming. Cleanliness is l'erY necessary, and when it can be obtained con- !urrently with practice in swimming the joint advan- 'lBes should be provided whenever possible. The Edncation Committee might go further and retain a V;rinuning instructor for the benefit of the children. he notice, too, that Councillor Stott is going to raise rr question4pf open-air swimming baths at Tuesday's i'ooncil meeting. Last October the Council expressed it'elf in favour of some such scheme, but nothing has en heard of it since. Particulars as to expenditure -41.1 d revenue would be very welcome.

Building Student's Association. "n Saturday afternoon by the kind permission of the Director a Education for Salford, the members of e above Association visited the schools in course of erection at Seedley Salford. A number of the party eYcled from Warrington others travelled by train ,t,..riving at the school at 3 p.m. They were met by 54,111.• P. Merchant, clerk of works, who very ably con- '„elleted the party over the building. The drawing °'nee was first visited/here the whole of the drawings 'end details were arranged for inspection. The •rellitect is Mr. Henry Lord, F.R.1.8.A., and the eelidings are designed on the most modern principles, o.usisting of three floors each on the central hall plan, 'With five classrooms opening out of same, also the keeeseary cloakrooms, lavatories and teachers rooms. eeninodation is provided for 1,200 children. After :Pending two hours and a half in the building the va!t.Y adjourned to the cookery departments of a neighbouring school where an excellent tea had been It!c'vided. A vote of thanks to Mr. Merchant brought u a dose a most enjoyable and profitable outing.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Personal. Mr. Arthur Browne, the hon. treasurer of the Warrington Amateur Dramatic Society, represented that organization at the annual meeting of the National Society of Amateur Dramatic Associations, which was held at Harrogate on Friday and Saturday. Coming Events. The gardens at Grappenhall Heyes will be thrown, open to the inspection of the public to-day (Saturday), from 3 to 6 p.m. The Sunday school anniversary in connection with the Bold-street Wesleyan Church will be celebrated to-morrow by the holding of special services, at which the preacher will be the Rev. Benjamin Weaver. A special flower service will be held in the afternoon. The thirty-fifth annual meeting of the Warrington Workingmen's Permanent Benefit Building Society will be held in the Baptist school, Golbome-street, on Monday evening.

Gas Profits. The Borough Treasurer has issued the balance sheet of the Gas Committee for the year ended 31st March, 1905, which shows a net profit of £10,407 118.8 d.

Homing. The old birds race in connection with the Sankey Bridges Horning Club, took place on Saturday from Worcester, 84 miles, seventeen members competing with 114 birds, liberated at 12.5 S.W. wind. Result : Lucas 1382, Hartland 1382, Cope 1379, Greaves 1373, Haywood 1364, Lucas 1351,. Ward 1329, 14oyle and Barlow 1326. Hartland 1324, Longmore 1320, Ward 1318, Summerfield 1318, Lee 1303, Lloyd 1298, Hart- land 1292, Wilcock 1291, Lee 1283, Roughsedge 1180, Cope 1249, Wheatley and Bonehill 1155. Warrington Rag Dealer Fined. At the Earlestown Police Court on Saturday, James Potts, a rag and bone dealer, of Warrington, was charged before Mr. Ormand with having been drunk in charge of a pony and cart on Friday evening at Earlestown.—P.C. Willis proved the case, and, prisoner paid a fine of is. and costa. Accident at Vulcan Foundry. - Joe Bailey, 29 years of age, residing at Manchester- road, Vulcan, met with a serious accident at Vulcan Foundry on Monday. He was at work on some machinery when his left arm was caught and wrenched off while he also sustained an injury to his head. He was at once removed to the 'Warrington Infirmary, where he was detained.

Warrington Corporation Official's Success. Warrington will shortly lose the services of Mr.J.W. Howarth, who for many years has beld the office of sub-librarian, and who at the end of July will take over the duties of librarian and curator at Chelmsford. The Chelmsford library is the outcome ot a gift from Mr. Andrew Carnegie and is at present in course of construction. There were almost 100 applicants for the appointment which has been obtained by Mr. Howarth, the commencing salary for which is £l5O a year. Mr. Howarth has been employed at the War- rington library for 14 years.

The Football Club " Smoker." Preparations for the Football Club smoking concert in celebration of the past season's victories are being rapidly pushed forward. The members have taken to the idea, and the event is likely to be an important one. A meeting of the sub-committee was held on Tuesday, and it was decided to engage Parr Hall, retain the body of the ball for the 800 members, and charge for the use of the galleries. ,An excellent musical programme will be arranged, and during the evening the players of both Ist and "A" teams will receive their medals. Mr. W. R. Neil (the president) is expected to preside. Refreshments will be provided. A Warrington Agent's Thefts. At the St. Helens Police Court on Monday, James Dl`Collum, of Dickenson-street, Warrington, pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing a pair of slippers from the shop of a pawnbroker upon whom he had called to solicit an order for a sewing machine, and to stealing a quantity of braid, handkerchiefs, and tablecloths from the shop of Miss Halton, Borough-road.—The Chief Constable said the man's wife was very respect- able, and she had informed him that they had pre- viously been in a good position, but owing to drink the prisoner had brought ruin upon them.—The magis- trates fined the prisoner 21s. or a month on each charge.

A Warrington Journalist in America. The " Newspaper Owner" in a current issue states that : " Some years ago Mr. Fredßirchall, son of Mr. T. Birchall, J.P., of Warrington, entered the journal- istic profession, commencing on "The Warrington Examiner," a well-known paper in that town, and, after gaining valuable experience, he obtained a situation as reporter on a leading journal in Cambridge. In the university city he further perfected himself in his profession, and then left England to try his fortunes in America, and after some trying experiences he gained a firm position and became a member of the staff of "The New York Sun," and rose to the position of city editor, Owing to the illness of a mem- ber of his family at home, he lately came home on a I visit, and he has now gone back to join another of the Idailies of New York, as night editor, at a salary equivalent to £7OO a year. Mr F. Birchall was a I student of the Warrington Grammar School, an institu- tion that has sent out men to fulfil important positions in various parts of the world." Ascension Day Observance. The observance of Ascension Day on Thursday was on much the same lines as in previous years. The managers of six Church of England schools—Fairfield, Warrington Parochial, Hamilton-street, Ladies' School of Industry, St. James's Latchford, and St. Peter's— had applied to the School Attendance Committee for permission to close the schools for the whole day. This conression was refused, but the managers were informed that they could keep the schools closed until 9.so—the time ordinarily set apart for religious instruction. All the school managers who had applied, with the exception of St. Peter's, availed themselves of this opportunity of taking the scholars to church, and the ordinary school lessons commenced at 9.50. By per- mission of the, committee. the whole of the Roman Catholic Schools were closed for the day, as Ascension' Day is recognized as being "exclusively set apart for religious observance" by members of that communion. Prospectus. In another column we publish the notice of prospec- tus of Peter Walker and Son Property Corporation N 0.2 Limited, which has been formed for the purpose of taking over various licensed and other properties which have been acquired during recent years, and in two cases have just been " agreed to be acquired by Peter Walker and Son (Warrington and Burton) Limited. The corporation are offering for sub- scription at par £170,000 guaranteed first mortgage registered debenture stock, and part of an issue of £250,000, bearing interest at the rate of £4 per cent. per annum. This issue is secured not only by the trust deed of first mortgage and debentures upon the free- hold, copyhold and leasehold licensed and other pro- perties, but also by the guarantee for principal and interest of Peter Walker and Son, (Warrington and Burton), Limited. The guaranteeing company were converted into a limited company in 1890, with a capital of £1,000,000, in debentures bearing interest at 4 per cent, per annum, £1,000,000 in preference shares entitled to a cumulative preferential dividend of £5 per cent. per annum, and £1,000,000 in ordinary shares. The ordinary shares and one third of the debentures and preference shares were on such conversion retained by the late Sir Andrew B. Walker, Bart., and his 'nominees. The certificate of the auditors (Messrs. Harmood Banner and Son) states that since the formation of the company £1,200,000 has been applied out of profits, to reserve and guarantee funds and in reduction of 'goodwill. The list will open on Tuesday, June 6th, and close at any time aereafter on or before Thursday, June Bth at 3 o'clock.

Music in the Park. The Leagu6 of the Cross Band will occupy the stand in the park on Sunday next and play the follow- ing programme under the conductorship of Mr. T. Hynes. Hymn, "Oratory," arranged by Mr. T. Hynes; march, "Sea King," Sam Lloyd ; selection, "Gemma Di Vergy," Donizette ; cornet solo, "The Better Land," F. H. Cowen, (soloist Mr. W. H. Mahoney) ; selection, "A Night in Grenada," Kreutzer ; fantasia, " Maurico," H. Round; "God save the King."

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGK.CLA.SS MINERAL ;

Free Use of the Baths for School Children.

_ School children will no doubt be delighted to hear that in future they are to be allowed the free use of the Corporation baths once each week. At a meeting of tbe Town Hall, Parks, and Baths Committee, a depu- tation from the School Management Committee of the Education Committee attended to make some arrange- ment on the matter. After some discussion it was decided that on payment of g,50 per aanum by the Edu- cation Committee the school children of the borough shall be allowed to use the baths free of charge three afternoons a week duriny the season. A rota will be arranged, and it is expected that about 1,000 children will avail themselves of the privilege each week.

PUBLIC BENEEIT.—IINDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LAIICASHIRE:AdVt. Wirral and Birkenhead Show. _ _ _ _

We should Mention in connection with this show, to be held on June 22nd and the two following days, that the railway companies have made arrangements to run special trains at the close of the show for the conveyance of stock direct to the Royal Show and also to other parts of the country. Intending exhibi- tors also who are desirous of becoming members will on receipt of a proposal form, be elected prior to the close of entries on June sth, and will thus be enabled Ito compete for the challenge cups and special prizes. I Full particulars may be had from the secretary, Mr. A. H. Edwardson, 6, Hamilton-square, Birkenhead. "PREMIER" CYCLES at 7 guineas startling value.— J. S. GLRLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge et., Warrington.- - Advt. Children's Camp. -

We anderstanethat the Executive Committee have accepted a very kind offer from Lady Greensll to spend a sum of £ll5 on the eration of an assembly room for the children at their Camping Ground. There is a disposition, we gather, to obtain a piece of land for camping purposes to belong absolutely to the Warring- ton Committee for the benefit of the children. It is very desirable there should be a mess room for those who are in attendance on the children, and in other respects money is necessary for working expenses. We feel the Hon. Treasurer, Mr. Arthur H. Lee, Tapestry Works, Brick-street, would be only too pleased to acknowledge the receipt of any contribu- tions from those who are kindly disposed towards the scheme.

• LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, trNDER THE CLOCK. BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt.

Teachers Visit Messrs. Crosfleld's Works. About seventy member a of the Warrington Certifi- cated Class Teachers' Association availed themselves of the opportunitykindlv afforded by Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Limited, on Saturday of visiting the extensive works of the firm at Bank Quay. • Mr. Lord conducted sthe visitors through the various departments and the processes of manufacture were watched with considerable interest, At the close a vote of thanks was accorded to the directors on the proposition of the president of the Association (Mr. F. Longshaw) seconded by the secretary (Mr. S. W. Jeffrey). Mr. Lord responded and expressed the pleasure which it afforded the firm to allow the teachers to inspect the works. He hoped the visit had been interesting and instructive. "PREMIER" CYCLES at 12 guineas with change speed gear Bre., unequalled.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. , Exciting Rescue Scene at Howley. _ .

On Saturday a man named Parry had a very narrow escape from drowning in the river at Howley. He and a man named Taylor, bath of whom are employed at Messrs. Rylands Bros., made a match to swim a certain distance in the river for a small wager. Both stripped and entered: the water. Parry got Out of his_depth, and was in danger of being drowned, when a young man named Boyle, hearing cries of distress, ran out of an adjoining tannery where he was employed, and jumped in to the rescue. He also got into difficulties, and a man named Phillips residing in Hopwood-street, went to his assistance, and succeeded in bringing Boyle to the bank, but Parry had drifted some distance away. Philips swam after him, and succeeded in seizing him by t he hair. After considerable difficulty he brought him to the bank, and both men were taken home. But for the appearance of Philips both men would have been &owned.

H, M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC dispels low spirits.— Advt. Warrington Polyglot Society. The members of this Society had their first excur- sion on Saturday last, when a considerable number journeyed by cycle and 'bus to Norton Priory and Halton Castle. Permission bad been granted by Sir Richard Brooke to see the various objects of interest, and the privilege was much appreciated. The visitors were met by the head gardener, Mr. Slater, who con- ducted them through the gardens and grounds. The rhododendrons were not yet at their best, the recent east winds having retarded the blooms, but enough was seen to ensure a fine display shortly. Inspection was .nade of the old Crypt, and at this point Mr. May, president of the society, was able to give some inter- esting details as to the various odjects to be seen. After saying goodbye to the Priory, the party pro- ceeded to Halton Castle,and after justice had been done to the inner man or woman, the services of the Society's photographer were called into requisition, with, it is to be hoped satisfactory results. Home was reached in good time, all 'cherishing pleasant recollections of a satisfactory day out. "PREMIER" CYCLES at 9 gtine,as for Best Grade, unsurpassed.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt. Dr. Agar Beet's Resignation. The Rev. Dr. Agar Beet, the theological tutor at Richmond Wesleyan college, whose contributions to the study of eschatology have attracted much attention of late years; has at last resigned his post theie. The announcement to many in his own church and outside it says the" Manchester Guardian" wilt come as a relief, foi• since the " heresy hunt" which followed the publication of his book on " The Last Things " it had been felt that tie compromise then arrived at was not satisfactory. The position was that while Dr. Beet had not changed his views he had partly pledged himself not to teach them, though of course they were perfectly well known to his students and to the A professor holding his office on condition that he must not declare his whole mind must often have uncomfortable moments. Dr. Beet has now decided that he cannot any lenger consent to the suppression of his book on" The Last Things," and so he has resigned. A new edition of the book will shortly be published.--Dr. Beet worked in the Warrington Wesleyan circuit about twenty‘years ago, and quite recently preached special sermons at Tewsey Road Wesleyan Church, at the same time answering ques- tiods on difficulties of belief. TARE H.M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC and be Influenza Proof .—Advt. Prize Distribution at Padgate. The prizes gained by the students at the National school evening classes, Padgate, were distributed at a social gathering last Friday evening. There was a large attendance of pupils and friends assembled, and a pleasant time was spent in dancing, Sze., several songs and recitations forming a pleasing diversion. The songs " The chorister" and "The longshoreman" were excellently rendered by Arthur Griffiths, one of the pupils, and Miss Houghton was very loudly applauded for a couple of recitations. Mr. S. Critchley sang " I was born on a Friday "in an approptiately doleful .style. Mr. Blackwell, the bead teacher, congratulated the pupils on the splendid attendance which had been made during ie past session —no fewer than twenty-four having qualified for prizes by having made at least a minimum of 90 per cent, of the possible hours, while 12 had actually made 100 per cent. Mr. G. Mather, in presenting the prizes, spoke encouraging words to the recipients and urged them to continue their studies. Later, in responding to a vote of thanks, which was proposed by the Vicar, Mr. Mather said it was possible that in the near future a change would be made in the administration of the svening schools in the Lancashire County area. The winners of full attendance prizes were Emma Malpas, Enid Mellor, Eunice Mellor, Dora Mellor, Elsie Horridge, Brenda Peters, Sylvanus Pass, William Heath, George Rigbey, Georgv Pass, Harold Tomlin, and William Pass, while Dorothy London, Alice Heath and Osborne Moss were absent for one evening only.

PUBLIC BENEFIT: UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—AdVt.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 3, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Freak of Nature.. Mr. Peter Lockett, head game-keeper on the Aston estate, at Dutton, placed 21 pheasant's eggs under a hen which hatched 21 birds. The last egg produced a pheasant with four distinct leg; and this freak is alive and doing well. ASK for CIISINENGHA3K'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS:A(I44 Education Expenditure and Revenue. _ _

Mr. Chas. 1. Jordison, the district auditor, has submitted his report for the year ended 31st March last, in which he mentions that the expenditure on Elementary Education amounted to £33,148 18s. 9d., and the receipts to £34,633 us. 6d. On higher. Education tiler expenditure amounted to £6,623 is. 10d. and the receipts to £6,676 3s. Id. He added that the accounts are kept with great care. , Alleged Theft of Pigeons. John: Sartus, a stranger, was charged at the Occasional Court on Monday with Stealing a pigeon basket and several pigeons, of the value of two guineas, the property of the Cheshire Lines Committee The pigeons and basket were left on G-lazebrook -StatiOn and, it was alleged, were picked up by the prisoner and taken in the train to Warrington. A sergeant and constable travelled in the same compart- ment and on ascertaining that a theft had been com- mitted, made inquiries with the result that &RUN was arrested in Warrington. He was remanded until June 6th for inquiries .to be made.

UNDER THE CLOCK for Good BOOM—Advt. Child's Fatal Fall. The circumstances attending the -death of Robert Charles Looker, aged three years, son of Robert Looker, wire worker, 33, Longshaw street, were inquired into before Coroner Brighouse on Monday. According to the evidence, deceased was in the street a noon on Thursday in company with his sister, aged sox. The girl was in front of him and in trying to catch up to her deceased stumbled and fell, his head coming into contact with the tiles of the footpath. His mother bathed his head and he appeared to be going on satisfactorily until Satarday morning when he complained of severe pains in the head. Dr. Geary was sent for and attended hhn until he died on Sunday morning. —A verdict of "Accidental death "was returned.

Compositor Found Drowned. Early' on Tuesday morning the body of Edwin Home (20), compositor, 4, Percy-street, was recovered from the St. Helens and Sankey Canal at Sankey.— The inquest was held at the Chapel House Inn, Great Sankey, on Wednesday evening by Mr. S. Brighouse. County Coroner. James Horne, father of the deceased said his • son had been missing from home since May 22nd. Recently he had been working at Cadishead and witness was under the impression that he was still employed there until Monday last. It was subse- quently ascertained by P.S. Banister that he left there on May 6th. Deceased had wandered about a good deal and was a little eccentric. Some Nw months ago he was much given to studying religious subjects—preparing papers, &c. Witness had haver had the slightest reason to suspect that he would take his life.—Alfred Mather, plumber, Mill-Tane, spoke to recovering the body from the canal.--P.C. Houghton said deceased appeared to have been in the water four days or a week. A piece of paper bearing a number of texts was found in his ,pocket.—The Coroner remarked that from what the cilice had been informed, deceased had done queer things lately and he appeared to have had a touch of religions mania.— A verdict of " Found drowned" was returned.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH OF THE BOROUGH. Dr. Gornall's Annual Report. THE PAVING OF STREETS AND PASSAGES.

Dr. J. Guest Gornall, ALA ALB., has just presented his report on the state of the public health for 1904. We make the following interesting extracts :—Some important changes have been brought about during the year in this Department, including the adoption of the recommendations made last year as to the staff. Of those recommendations, the provision of better office accommodation is still in abeyance, but the two other things, the appointment of a public analyst and of two additional inspectors, are accomplished facts. This is

A GREAT STEP IN -ADVANCE. Mr. Rnddock, the public analyst appointed took up his I duties in April last, and furnishes a report on his work during the remainder of the year. Not only has he found the large proportion of 1703 per cent among the articles examined to have been more or less adulterated, but he has brought to light how widely the habit of I using chemical preservatives is spreading. Last year the widespread nuisance of UNPAVED MEETS AND PASSAGES I was specially reported on. lam glad that such great efforts have been made during the year to cope with this difficulty and so many streets and passages paved, not chiefly owing, I believe to what I said, but in deference to wide dissatisfaction with a state of things which was notorious. Bat among the nuisances remain- ing unabated it is my duty to -call the attention of the Sanitary Authority to the want of paving in those streets and passages in the list of last year that have not yet received attention (some of them of very old standing) as well as in some omitted from that list, and in others that have since come into existence. What is really wanted, as I pointed out last year; in some more definite system, under which it should be impossible for streets and passages to remain for years in such an unsatisfactory state as they do. In conclusion, says Dr. Gornall, though the state of Warrington is as yet by no means such that my annufil report can form an advertisement of its healthiness, I think thNl3 will be found in the pages that follow, abundant evidence that the Health Committee are endeavouring in face of great difficulties, made no easier by the new demands for education expenditure, etc., to bring about very considerable improvements in the place. DECLINE OF THE BIRTH BATE.

Going into details Dr, Gomall- -Vtt-tie-s :—The Birth- rate for 1901 is the lowest yet recorded, having fallen from 356 per 1,000 in 1003, to 32'7, and comparing very unfavourably with the average of the previous ten years, which is 37•1 per thousand, living. The causes of this decline, which is common to the whole country, and, indeed to most European nations, are probably of various kinds, among which must be reckoned, besides the deferring of the age of marriage and the use of measures to prevent cono4tion, a more mysterious influence—a declinin7, reproductivity in the race. THE DEATH RATE.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH CONDITION OF.THE TOWN COMPARES UNFAVOURABLY WITH THE COUNTY AS A

WHOLE.

Dr. Gornall stites thai-iie—n--e.t number of deaths at all ages belonging to the district was 1,334. The net death rate was therefore equal to lil.4—a figure which, though of value for comparing the healthiness of the town in 1904 with that in previous years, is misleading when used relatively to other places. The reason of this says Dr. Gornall is that the age distribution of the population that has so important a bearing on mortality Is not taken into account. With a view to obviating this want of exactness, so that the death-rate of a manufacturing town litte Warrington can be fairly compared with that of a health resort, both being re- duced to flue standard, viz., the age distributon in Eng- land and Wales at the census of 1901, the Registrar General has introduced for each place a factor for correction. The net death-rate for Warrington in 1904, viz., 19.4, multiplied by 1.0791 (the factor for Warring- ton) gives n.; the corrected death-rate for the year as 21.023, or roughly 21—an unsatisfactorily high figure. ZYMOTIC AND INFANTILE DEATH RATE.

The unusual height of the z-v-m—otic —dealt; rate (4•6) was mainly due to 52 deaths from scarlet fever, SG from whooping cough, and MI from diarrhcea. 835 deaths occurred under one year of ige. Undoubt- edly many of the cases were preventable deaths due to ignorance (more often, Dr. Gornall fears, culpable than not) on the part of the mothers. When the department is able to obtain fuller information of the distribution of births in the town, it will be polsible to visit a 'greater number, and at an earlier period than has been done. Dr. Gornall goes on to deal with infectious diseases advocating the provision of a public cleansing and dis- infecting station, and the completion of the smallpox hospital, and concludes by suggesting measures neces- sary to further improve the sanitary condition of the day schools, and enchance their usefulness for educa- tional purposes.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
METAPHOR.

By way of contending ant they were useless and unremunerative, an Trish member of an Est. London local authority declared that the local baths and wash- houses were " bike a millstone rounl the nick of a whoite illiphant."

CRAWFORD'S GOLDEN BUTTER

===== 0002601_19050603_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
BISCUITS

WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

Business of the Next Meeting.

The monthly meeting of the Town Council will be held on Tuesday evening, when the following among other business will be considered:

OVERDUE STREET-MARINO 'ACCOUNTS.

The Borough Treasurer submitted a list of overdue accounts for street-making. Resolved, That the Town Clerk take proceedings for the recovery of the same,and that in such cases as he may deemat advisable, Mr. Alfred Clive be appointed Receiver on behalf of the Corporation. -

OPEN-AIR SWII:4MING BATHS AND FREE BATHING. Councillor Stott will ask the Chairman of the Town Hall, Parks, and Baths Committee :-1. Has the Com- mittee yet considered the question of providing open- air swimming baths, in accordanoe with the resolution unanimously passed by the Council at a meeting held on October 25th, 1904? 2. If the, question has been considered, what decision has the committee arrived at? 3. If the question hss not yet been considered, will he undertake that the question shall receive the consideration of the committee at an early date, and report their decision to the Council. The committee has resolved that this committee allow school children to use the Ist class plunge bath on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, from 3.30 to 6 p.m., on payment by the Education Committee of £5O per annum, subject to a teacher being in charge of the children.—The deputation from the Education Com- mittee intimated their willingness to accept these terms. WATER COMMITTEE:I-COUNCILLOR PEMBERTON AND LA.wSON'S CONTRACT.

Councillor Pemberton will ask the Chairman of the Water Committee :

1. Has Lawson's %ill for all work and extras been received? If so. what date and what is the amount ? 2. Has it been before the Water Committee? If not, why not? 3. Have any legal proceedings been threatened?

_ Councillor Pemberton will also move that Mr. Dens, the Water Engineer, shall shors.Councillor Pemberton all the papers, contracts, and letters in connection with Lawson's contract at Delph-lane, iny other member of the Council being present as a witness ; that a com- mittee be appointed consisting of J. Pemberton. Alder- man Pierpoint, Councillors Lord, Forshaw, J. Roberts, and Barton. to inquire into the very large amount of extras on the Delph-lane contraot, the reason of same and report findings to the Town Council.

PHYSICAL INSTRUCTION FOR ELEMENTARY SCHOLARS. The Gymnasium Committee on May 30, carefully con- sidered the report of the School Management Com- mittee with regard to the proposed physical instruction to be given to children attending Public Eleinentar,y Schools, and they regret that the School Management Committee have not adhered to the terms agreed upon in the original report submitted to the Council. This committee are of opinion that the proposals contained in the original report if they had been adhered to would have conduced to more eflicient instruction and ensured uniformity of instruction among the classes. Resolved that a shield be provided for the Champion Eight for 1905.

ELECTRICITY AND TRA.MWAYS-DICREASE OF SALARIES..

This committee has resolved that the salary of Mr. J. Telfer, tramways manager, be increased from £l3O to £l5O per annum; that the salary of Mr. F. W. Purse, assistant electrical engineer, be increased from £1513 to £l7O per annum ; that the salary of Mr. W. E. Rogers, mains engineer, be increased from 2133 to £l4O per lannum.

Resolved—that the Town Clerk apply to the Board of Trade fdr an order prolonging the time for the com- pletion of the tramways. Resolved—that the tram lines in Manchester-road be extended to the far side of Padgate-lane, and that the Borough Surveyor be requested to undertake the work.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE APPLICATION TO M. CARNEGIE. _

The following resolution of the Museum Committee was considered and approved by the General Purposes ComMittee : That the Library Sub-Committee be authorised to open communication with Mr. Andrew Carnegie with a view to ascertain whether he would consider an application for a grant in order to extend the Library, either by an enlargement of the preient Museum and Library or by another building."

THE FAIR WAGES' CLAUSE.

Alderman Tinnion and Councillors, Evans, Maginn, P. Peacock, Pemberton, Stott and Wilkinson, the Sub- Committee appointed to consldet•the. Standing Orders relating to rates of wages and hour of labour in Cor- poration Contracts report that they have, held three meetings. They took into •.consideration Standing Order N 0.43 dealing with the rates of wages and hours iof labour observed n Corporation Contracts and the Town Clerk submitted returns of information which he had obtained from other. Towns, from which it appeared that in 44 towns there was no such Standing Order in force; 14 towns, Trades Union wages, &c.' were observed; 25 towns, wages, &C., as agreed between representatives of masters and men ; 56 towns, a standard fair rate of wages in force. Your Committee are of opinion that the Standard rate of wages and recognised hours of labour should be observed in all Corporation Contmctsand sub-Contracts and beg to recommend the adoption of the following Standing Order in substitution for the present one That in all contracts and sub-contracts the contractor shall pay all persons engaged or employed by them on Corporation work the standard. rate of wages recognised in the district, and shall observe such hours of labour as are generally accepted as fair in each traie, and shall 'from time to time whenever, required so to do by the council.prodnce to them such evidence as they may deem sufficient that they are paying such wages and observing such hours. No contract with the corpora- tion shall be sub-let to any parson. who does not comply with this standing order. Every breach of this standing order shall be taken into consideration Iby the councit before entering into any further con- tract with the person who committed the breach. Councillor Stott will move :-1. That in all contracts and sub-contracts the contractors shall pay all persons engaged or employed by them the Trades Union rate of wages recognised in the district where the work is being carried out, etc. Should there be no Trades Union rate of wages or hours of labour in the district where the work is being executed, the Trades Union rate and conditions of labour in the nearest district to where the work is being done shall be observed by the contractors. Contractors executing works for this Council shall not prohibit their workpeople from join- ing trades societies or from continuing members of such societies.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
CORPORATION UNDERTAKINGS.

Reports on the Work of the ° Electricity and Water Departments.

Mr. F. V. Mathias, Borough Electrical and Tramways Engineer, has presented a report on the working of the I electric supply undertaking during the year ending March 31st. It is with considerable satisfaction he states, that he calls the attention of the Committee to the improvement in the working of the electric supply undertaking, as disclosed by the revenue account for the year, notwithstanding the general depression of trade. In connection with the revenue account, it should also be taken into consideration that a rednction in charges for current to the extent of £624, 19s. Ild, has been made to the tramways as compared with lust year, also a decrease equivalent to 2093 per cent, to public light- ing, and the contribution to interest and sinking fund charges has been inEreased by £540 9s. 10d. in excess of last year. The gross revenue amounts to .212,580 195 8d; working expenses, £6,075 14s. Gd. ; leaving a balance of £6,505 ss. 2d. Out of this has been paid :—lnterest on capital, £2,461 us. Ild. ; sinking fund, £2,275 19s. 9d. ; rates, income tax &c.,.£224 Os. Bd.; leaving net profit on year's working, £1,543 l. 9d. • as against £l2B 14s. 3d. for the previous year. During the year the equivalent of 8,345 c.-p. lamps have been added to the mains. The in- crease is very satisfactory, and shows that electriCity,as an illuminating agent and a source of power is popular, and being freely adopted. Th- total revenue from private lighting and power is £12,070 Is., representing 1,482,456 units, 288,261 units for lighting, and 1,194,195 for power, being an increase of £l,OBl Sc. 3d. and 283,455 units over last year, the average yield being 1'954 pence per unit, which is a low figure, and compares very favourably with other towns. The cost of production show sa material reduction per unit as compared with last year. In the Tramways Department,the Borough Treasurer reports a profit of £45085. 6d. which reduces last year's deficit from ,C 692 is. 7d. to £241 192.1 d.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WATER. DEPARTMENT.

In a report on the waterworks department Mr. James Deas, water engineer,states that he estimates the popu- lation supplied with water at about 90,000. The exten- sion of mains to meet further requirements has steadily continued, the greater part of the extensions being in districts outside the Borough. The past year has seen the completion of the works authorised under the Bill of 1899. Work was commenced in the autumn of 1899, and may be divided into three sections : Houghton Green, Winwick, and Appleton. The villages of Burtonwood,, Collins Green Houghton Green, Hermitage Green, Croft, Culcheth, Kenyon, Newchurch, Glazebury, Grappenhall, Thelwall. Stretton and Daresbury, representing a population (1901 Census) of 8,000, have been coupled up to the mains,' and these ' extensions of mains should prove, in the near future, prat bearing expenditure, 'as nearly all the villages, especially on the Lancashire side, are growing at a fair rate. Notwithstanding the arduous character of the new works there has been no loss of life and no.I serious accident during the five yearS the works were in I progress. Now that the station is in full running con- dition, the level of the water in the wells is very satis- factory ; after 12 hours' stop the rest level is 44 feet below ground level, and after 12 hours' pumping at the rate\of 3 millions per 24 hours, the water is lowered 50 feet in the well.

HIS GOLDEN WEDDING PEAL. To mark his golden wedding, a bellringer named Sleddon (76), of Whalley, a prominent figure in Black- burn circles, rang 720 changes on the tenor bell, in the presence of a large company. Considering the man's age the feat is remarkable,

===== 0002601_19050603_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL OBITUARY.

MR. DAVID WILCOX,.

I We record with regret the death of Mr. David. Wilcox, an old Warringtonian which occurred on Monday at his , residence, 125, Wilderspool Causeway. Mr.Wilcox,who was in his 58th year, had been ailing for some consider- ! able time and about five weeks ago his complaint,, of an internal character, took an acute turn, and he died as above stated on Monday. Early in life he entered the service of Messrs.Thewlis and Griffiths and earned the confidence of his employers, being, some 32 years ago, appointed manager of the file department. By his genial , personality he earned the respect of a large circle of !friends by whom his death will be sincerely regretted. iHe leaves a widow, and seven children. THE FUNERAL.. Thr 'A- place at the W-

Carnet&

-.le funeral took pi -at the Warrington ...etery on Wednesday in the presence of a large gathering of. relatives and friends. The chief mourners were Messrs Arthur Stanley, Charles and Reginald Wilcox (sons)' Joseph Wilcox (brother), W. D. Houghton (son-in-law), Clifford and S. A. Wilcox. Amongst others also present were Messrs. T. Kenworthy, G. White, J. Potter, S. Newell, Poyser. Healing, Chalmers, Dell, Henry and Macauley, and Dr. Kisbv, and Messrs. A. P. Grange. F'. A. Harris, W. Ford, and Newton (representing Messrs. Thewlis and Griffiths). Amongst the many beautiful wreaths which were sent was one from the directors of Messrs. Thewlis and Griffiths. MR. WILLIAM DICK..

The death occurred at his residence, Wilderspool Causeway, on Monday, of Mr. William Dick, who fort quarter of a century held the office of correspondidg secretary to Messrs. Pearson and Knowles. Mr. Dick, who is in his 67th year, was the son of a Congregational minister and was a native of Eaglesham, near Glasgow. He came to Warrington in 1871 and subsequently entered the service of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles. He retired about nine years ago and entered the service of the Refuge Friendly Society, attending to his duties until a week prior to his death. He was a member of th 3. Wycliffe Congregational Church and was a regular attendant at that place of worship. He leaves four children and his death will be regretted by a large circle of friends.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIS FITNEIA.G.

• The remains of the late Mr. Dick were interred at Hill Cliffe on Thursday, the service, both in the Chapel and at the graveside being conducted by the Rev. J. S Hughes. _Tne chief mourners were Messrs. T. Booth (brother-In-law), W. McClew, F. Leigh and T. R. Westbrook (sons-in-law), George and James Radford (nephews), and Mr...T. Gri labs, and Messrs W. Mclntyre and T. Chidlaw (representing Messrs. Pearson and Knowles). Floral tributes were sent by Mr. and Mrs. W. McClew, Mr. and Mrs. F. Leigh, "Jessie and Little Nellie," Mr. and Mrs. T. R. Westbrook, "Jack and Bill," Mr. H. Ashton (nephew),. Mrs. P. Chrinies, Mrs. John Lewis (Altrincham), Mr. and Mrs. H. Leigh, "His old colleagues at Bewsey office," Miss G. Barton and , the office staff of the Refuge Assurance Company. MR. JAMBS TOOL& Many Warrington people will regret to hear of the , death of Mr. James Toole, of Allen-street, who passed ' away somewhat suddenly on Monday. The deceased gentleman who was 63 years of age, appeared to be in good health up to last week. On Sunday he was seized with aniapoplectic fit which proved fatal. He was attended by Dr. Fox and Dr. Stewart, of Liverppol. Mr. Toole was a native of Guilford, County Armagh, Ireland, and came to Warrington in 1870. He commenced business in a small way as a marine store dealer in Rylands-street. The concern gradually developed until it reached its present high position, being well established all over the country. Mr. Toole was a staunch Roman Catholic and for a considerable period had been a worshipper at St. Alban's Church. He was a member of the committee of the Catholic Young Men's Society. In politics he was a Liberal and a strong supporter of the Irish cause. He was a prominent member of the Liberal Club and took considerable interest in the affairs of that organization. He leaves a widow and eight children with whom much sympathy is felt in their bereaveme.-.t. I _ _ _ THE FtiN::RAL.

Evidence of the respsct in which the late Mr. Toole was held was afforded by the large attendance at the funeral which took place at the Cemetery on Thursday ' afternoon. The last rites were performed by the Rev. Father Whittle, 0.5.8., and the other priests in attend- ance were the Revs. Dr. Mercer, u. 5.13., Fathers Swarbreck, noggins, Ryan, filagrath, and D'Arcy. The chief mourners were :—Mrs. Toole (widow), Messrs. Owen, Edward, John, Thomas, and Peter Toole (sons), Mrs. Galway, Misses Elizabeth add Alice Toole (daughters). Amongst others present were : Alderman Smethurst, Councillor John Roberts, Dr. Fox, Messrs. A. Browne, G. Howard, E. Plinston, W. Warburton, Connolly, P. Reardon, (Warrington), , nessrs. J. Murphy, Dundalk, J. Galway, St. Helens, R. MacAleese,Monaghan,P. McCumisky, Newry,P. Murphy I Manchester' M MeAleavy, Liverpool. H. McAleavy, I Liverpool,E.Campbell,Birkenhead,P. Dobbins, Chester, :J. Collins. Chester, S. Murphy, ,Burnley, S. Connolly, I Bury, P. Collins, Runcorn, M. Conway, Runcorn. J. T. I Yearsley, Northwich, C. Hunter, Earlestown' P. Fitz- patrick, St. Helens, R. Hughes, Runcorn. The Warrin- g ton Catholio Young Men's Society was represented by I Messrs. D. Walsh (vice-president), J. Fagan and Austin I Crowe (secretaries). D. Houghton, T. Hughes, !J. Finnegan, J. Riley, Mr. , Finnegan, M T. ' Gilligan, M. Cunningham, Peter Cunningham, P. : Gleeson, J. Stafford, P. Sexton, R. Lowe, P. Delaney, jL. Miller, A. H. Cummings, M. Jeffries. R. Archer, a. Durkin, James Sexton, T. Peake, K. MacAleese, B. Fagan, IP. Frain and J. Lawton. The Liberal Club was repre- sented by Messrs. H. Randall (manager), Reading, Woods,and Tobi n,a nd the United Irish League by Messrs. • P. Sexton and C. Roddy. iThere were many beautiful floral tributes, including wreaths from Mr. A. H. Crosfield, the members of the ! Liberal Club, Catholic Young Men's Society, and the : late Mr. Toole's employees. I MR. JOSEPH MOUNPIELD. - -

- By the death,. which occurred on Sunday under pain- fully sudden circumstances, of Mr. Joseph Mountleld, ' of Ivy Lea, Walton Inferior, there has been removed a gentleman who was widely 'ir.nown and highly respected in the district. For some One the deceased gentleman, ' who was 54 years of age, had been in a delicate state of 1 health, and decided to pay a visit to the Canary Islands. I He was in a weak condition, and was advised by some of his friends not to venture so far from home' but he was under the impression that the visit might be beneficial. He MIS away about four weeks, but on reaching England on Sunday, before the boat landed at England,be became seriously ill and died very suddenly. He was seen standing, travelling bag in hand, ready to step on shore. Later he was missed, and was subsequently found dead in a chair. It is supposed that the excitement connected with the home coming was too much for him and that death was due to heart disease. In early life Mr. Mounfield carried on business as a builder. but latterly he retired from active association with the business, handing the management over to , his son. Mr. Alounfield took a deep interest in all ; public work and at the time of his death held several ' important offices. He was a member of the Runcorn I Board of Guardians and the Runcorn Rural District ' Council, being at one time elected to preside over the deliberations of the last named authority. On both bodies he was highly esteemed by his colleagues, his straightforward business like methods commanding the respect of all. He was also a member of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee and of the Walton Parish Council displaying great interest in the work of both bodies Mr. Mountield was an enthusiastic Liberal and rendered 1. valuable help in the work in the Rnutsford division. In religion he was an Independent Methodist and was I closely identified with the Methodist Church at Stockton Heath, playing no small part in the scheme which culminated in the erection of the new place of worship. He leaves a widow, one son and two I daughters.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERIL,

The funeral took place at the Warrington Cemetery on Thursday amid many manifestations of regret. There was a crowded congregation at the Methodist Church, Stockton Heath, at the short service which was held there and which was conducted by Messrs. Her:lsbell, R. W. Wood and J. Crurublehulme. After the service the cortege proceeded to the Cemetery, Mr. R. W. Wood performing the last rites at the grave side. The chief mourners were: Messrs. A. Monnfield (son), George, William, J. H., Charles and Alfred Nlounfield (brothers) Councillor Clegg (brother-in-law), Mr. William Bray- shaw (son-in-law), Mr. AV. Beswick (cousin), Dr. Collins Messrs. J. Longland,' R. Woods, J. Crumblehulme W. Wright, R. Henshall, W.Twiss, James Crumblehulme, and R. Lee. Amongst others present were :—Messrs. ft, Billington, H. Eyes,J. Whitley, J. Hallows, C. Roylauce, J. L. Jones, J. Smith, J. W. Temperley, J. Farrington, and G. F. Ashton (representing the Runcorn Rural Dis- trict Council and Board of Guardians), S. W. Dallow, W. Richardson, Moss and Stringer, Councillors Barton and James Evans, Messrs. H. Roberts, T. Hudson, J Ince, S. J. and Isaac Hall, and E. Lloyd-Jones, %V. Sherburn, and J. Smith (representing the Liberal Association), W. Weir, H. Dodd, and AV. H. Woodcock (representing the Walton Parish Council), Booth, S. Booth, Cole, Hawley, Ronghsege, and .1. W. Shaw (representing the Independent Methodist Church, Stockton Heath), and G. Whitfield (representing the Hill Chile and Stockton Heath United Band of Hope Society.)

===== 0002601_19050603_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
REFERENCE AT THE RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

At the fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of' Guardians, at Dutton, on Tuesday, the Chairman (Alder- man A. R. Norman) said it was his melancholy duty to refer to the unfortunate death of one of their colleagues Mr. Mounfield. The news cameto them more suddenly, , remembering the fact that at the last meeting they had word that Mr. Monnfield was going on very well, and was better for the sea trip he had had. Unfortun. ately, the sad news was that he died either while arriving or just on arrival in this country. It was always a sad thing to have a visitation of this kind, and especially in one who, although struggling with physical ailments, always tried to do his public duty. ' That was one of the best features about Mr, Moninield. He was a thoroughly con. scientious man, and he tried to do his public duty to the very last. He (the chairman) was sorry to say %hat

gtome in robust health and strength did not give their services as they might do to public work, and, as ,he had said, it was rather pathetic in this I case that Mr.Mounfield,although having a long struggle to retain his health, never let go his public duty. John Wesley MIS once asked what Ile would do if he knew that the angel of death would visit him on the follow- ing day. lie said be should take out his diary, see what engagements he had, and carry them out just as if nothing was going to happen. It seemed to him that Mr. Mounfield had to some extent in that position. and always had their sympathy. He had always tried to carry out his duty. This must be a solace and com- fort to the relatives and friends he had left behind. He was sure he was only expressing the members' wishes when he offered their deepest sympathy to the family in their sad bereavement.

A resolution to this effect was passed in silence, the members standing. MRS. EDWARD BOLTON. Warrington people will regret to hear of the death of Mrs. Edward Bolton, widow of the late Mr. Edward Bolton, the well-known glass manufacturer of Orford- lane, Warrington, which took place on Tuesday at "The Cottage," King's Norton„Worcestershire. The deceased lady. who was well known and deeply respected, was in her 81st year.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Wright —Atkinson.

There was a large congregation at the Parish Church on Thurday on the occasion of the marriage of Miss Elizabeth Ellen Wright, younger daughter of the late Alderman Wright, J.P., a former Mayor of the Borough, and Mr. James Higinbottom Atkinson, Newenden,Kent, son of the late Mr. J. IL Atkinson, Carlisle. The bride who was given away by her brother, Mr. J. H. Wright, Middlesborough, was gowned ilia simple dress of ivory crepe-de-chine, and wore a veil of old Brussels lace over a wreath of orange blossom. She carried a bouquet of choice white flowers, She was attended by her sister, Miss Wright, her niece, Miss Lilian Swallow, and Miss Irene Kent-Smith, cousin of the bridegroom. Miss Wright was attired in a dress of champagne coloured Limerick lace over silk, with hat to match, and carried a bouquet of sweet peas. The two children were in white with silk caps and carried dainty baskets of flowers. Miss Wright wore a gold curb bracelet, and the two other bridesmaids wore lockets, the gift of the bridegroom. The ceremony was conducted by the Revs. A. F. White and T. W. Barber, Mr. F. M. Darby was at the organ and played several appropriate selections, Mr. E. E. Selmes, Newenden was the best man. The reception was held at the house of the bride's mother, 42, Wilson-Patten-street, and later in Vie day the happy couple left for the North where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride's travelling dress was of dark blue cloth with white facings and she wore a hat to match.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Houghton—Mathias.

The marriage was solemnized at St. Paul's Church on Thursday of Miss Frances Mary Houghton, daughter of Mr. W. hede Houghton, 91, Bewsey-road, Warrington, and Mr. ,Frederick Vincent Lea Mathias, electrical engineer to the Borough, son of Colonel Mathias, Plymouth. The Rev. W, Bracecamp was the officiating clergymaa, Mr. E. Wilkes presiding at the organ anct giving an excellent interpretation of Mendelssohn's wedding march. The bride, who was given away by her father, was attired in a dress of dark cloth trimmed with. guipure lace and chiffou and wore a tulle veil over a weath of orange blossoms. She carried a bouquet of large white lillies and maidenhair fern. The bridesmaius were the Misses Muriel and Mildred Houghton and they wore dresses of white mouslin-de-soie and carried bouquets of sweet peas. Mr. W. Rogers was the best man. The reception was held at the house of the brides' father after which the newly married couple left for the South of England where the honeymoon is beicv, spent The bride's travelling dress was of dark blue cloth en- broidered with white, and she also wore a hat tcknatch. PRESENTATION FROM THE ELECTRICITY DEPARTMENT.

On Saturday morning Mr. Mathias was presented by the Electricity and Tramways Department with a wedding present of a silver tea service. The presentation was made at the Electric Lighting Station. Mr. F. IV. Purse, the chief assistant engineer, said they had met to present their respected chief with a silver tea service to show their good will and respect towards him. (Applause.) He was very pleased to have been associated with him, and thought the work at the Electric Lighting Station had been carried on very successfully, and could compare favourably with any other station in the North of England. He was sure they all wished Mr. Mathias much happiness and success. (Applause.) Mr. J. Telfer (tramways manager) said he had known Mr. Mathias for about twelve months, and he hoped he would be as successful in his new undertaking as he had been in his Corporation work. (Laughter and applause.). In making the presentation, Mr. Purse said that, in , the name of the Electricity and Tramways Department, he wished to hand over the present. There was vet to come a tray to match the present, which would be handed over to Mr. Mathias in a few days. He hoped Mr. Mathias would be happy, successful and prosperous, and never regret the time he had spent in Warrington. (Applause.) Mr. Mathias, returned thanks, and said he valued the present very much, not only for its beauty, but especi- ally for the good feeling and kind wishes they had expressed towards him. As they no doubt knew 'about that time of the year he had to render an account of the department committed to his charge, and he was able to render a very favourable one. He thought that was entirely due to the loyalty of his staff. (Applause.) As Mr. Purse had remarked, they had forced their way up as one of the best stations in the North of England,and he hoped they would not rest on their laurels, but still go on quite as well as in ti e past, They should recognize that they were helping the traders and manufacturers ins very keen and tierce com- petition, and there was no doubt that any good work put in was bound to tell, not only for the town, but for the country. Judging from the way in which they had sup- ported him last year they would this year be able to help the town very materially. (Applause). Three cheers were then given for Mr. Mathias.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. Meetings at Galborne.

On Wednesday afternoon and evening the Spring meetings in connection with the above association were held at Golbornea In the afternoon a Conference was held at which the ministers and delegates from the Warrington, Lymm, Hill Cliff e, Latchford, Little Legh and Golbome Baptist Churches were present. A very satisfactory report of the work proceeding at the new Mission Church at Barnton was presented and the asso- ciation took into consideration the advisability of extending their woliiin this respect in other fields of labour. It was alsolfecided to take steps to form in connection with the association a Lay Preachers Union and a committee to take the preliminary steps was appointed. It was also arranged'to hold the next meetings of the association at Acton Bridge and the Rev. S. NV. Back and Mr. Beswick was appointed to speak.

After the conference a very interesting paper was reas by the Rev. A. J. W. Back of Lyrum and was much appre- ciated by his audlence.—After.a short discursion on the paper, tea was then served in the schoolroom the table oeing presided over by Mrs. Beswiek and Mrs. Reeves. of Golborne. At 7 o'clock a Public Meeting was held at which the Rev. J. S. Hughes, the President of the Association took the chair. Mr. Hughes in the course of his open- ing address explained the work and objects of the association as this was the first series of meetings held at Golborne under the auspices of the Association. The Rev. Ivor 11. James, of Atherton, then addressed the meeting, and in the course of a vigorous and able speech, propounded the principles of Nonconformity, in, general, and by the Baptists in particular, and stated that it was not so much that they held to principles, but that the principle held them and impelled them to work and struggle for religious equality, and the mOral social improvement of their fellow man. Mr. England, of Warrington, gave an interesting historical address on the workaccomplished by Baptists, citing among others John Bunyan (author of Pi:grim's Progress), William Carey, the first missionary to India, the work of the American Baptists in taking the lead for the abolition of slavery, and stated that the Baptists were ever in the van struggling on behalf of the people for civil and religions liberty, exemplified to-day in the persons of Dr. Clifford and Mr. tloyd-George.—Mr. England also said that the Baptists were always ready to go hand in hand with all other religious bodies in the work of social reform and for the uplifting and. improvment of the conditions of the people. , At the close of the addresses thanks were rendered to the speakers and a series of successful and enjoyable ' meetings brought to a close by the singing of the Doxology.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
KURO.III AND A LEEDS SCHOOLBOY.

A short time ago a Leeds schoolboy wrote to General Kuroki congratulating himupon his success in Manchuria. The youthful admirer of the .Japanese general on Thursday received a pretty Japans° post- card, written in English, as fbllows : Manchuria, Ist Army Headquarters, April 24, 1905. I am ordered by his Excellency General Kurolci to I acknowledge receipt of your nice letter, and thank you for your good feeling towards the Japanese Army. Best wishes to you and your schoolmates. J. 0. KADA, Captain,

===== 0002601_19050603_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS. THE STROKES OF THE GAME.

The fickle nature of the climate of this country often gives rise to a variety of ailments and complaints, which assuming at first the form of only a slight indisposition, if neglected and unheeded may become the germ of serious diseases, which will undermine .the constitution, and finally result in a long and lingering illness, and perhaps terminate fatally. The variable temperature and the changeable weather of the last month or so, makes it. incumbent on all of us to exercise wise and prudent precautions to counteract the evil effects which the weather may have had upon our health and comfort. Already we frequently hear such complaints as "No appetite," "These frequent hearliches," " This languid Screw and Reverse feeling," and dozens of other exprelsions which all point to the urgent need of a good Tonic. Now there are ; (CONTINUED.) several tonic mixtures offered to the Public, but none! which have been so n uniformly successful as Gwilyi Many pretty geed players who, when playing Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. This screw in-offs similar to those shown on Diagram i Preparation s acknowledged to be The Best Remedy of 106 (given last week', take the object ball hiller or The Age for Nervousness, Weakness. Chest Affections, finer according to the direction which it neces- Palpitation of the Heart, Indigestion, Liver Complaint, and Influenza. sary to give this ball in order to ensure good practice when playing cannons similar t the The numerous cases of marvellous cures effected, and after position, fail to put the same theory into d the restoration to perfect health, of those who had prac,i long suffered and had vainly tried other remedies, can ma shown on Diagram 107. be accounted for by simply stating the effect which Gwilyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters has upon the System. Ist. It strikes at the source of the disease, and by removing the causes of disease, the evil effects soon vanish. and. It strengthens that part of the system which is weakest, and therefore, most liable to the attacks of colds and all diseases.

Rotation

DIAGRAM 107.

3rd. It purifies the blood, and thus gives new life and force to all parts of the body, for disease cannot exist where there is a free circulation of pure blood- 4th. It gives healthy action to the • digestive organs and to the liver, thus aiding to keep away Indigestion and the host of different forms of disease which re- ult from it, sth. By removing impurities, strengthening the weak parts of the system, and purifying the blood,the human frame is well fortified to withstand the attacks of disease. It is repelled, and its place taken by health and strength, through the effective action of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. Sold everywhere in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, or will be sent carriage free for these prices, direct from the Sole Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Com- pany, Limited,. Llan.lly, South Wales. Beware of Imitations. See that you get the genuine Preparation with the name," Gwilym Evans " on Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
XIC:D 1.3a-ISTX.

[COPYRIGHT.]

XL.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

DEFYING THE LAW. At the Warrington police court on Monday,James and Williani Humphreys, 12,Phillip street, were charged with trading in the streets on the 23rd May. without A tin --fled ball 11 inches from the necessary licenses. P. C. Clough stated the facts of :he side cusi., and 451 inches from the top the case. Superintendent Monaghan explained that :ushion. Object white two inches from the top both lads were before the court a fortnight ago charged !ushion and gi inches from the Bide cushion. One with similar offences. A conviction was recorded )all 31 inches from the side cushion and 52 inches against the lads who were allowed to go on the ,under. from the top cushion. standing that the lads should be birched at the Police Station by their father. In such a position however, with/ the cue

THEFTS BY A SERVANT. At the Warrington Police Court on Monday, Mary Mi'linger, a servant in the employ of Mr. John Magian, fis, Bridge street, was charged with stealing from the dwelling-house and storeroom between May Ist and 27th Mur pairs of boots, 01). of tea, a quantity of soap, several pieces of lace, trimmings, &c., in all of the value of 20s. Superintendent Monaghan said the pris- oner entered Mr. Maginn'e employ on May Ist as a domestic servant and remained there until Saturday. Mrs. Maginn became suspicions of her and searched her bedroom and found several of the above articles con- cealed under the mattress. She had also been seen to send a parcel containing a pair of boots to her married sister at Runcorn on May 17th. She said she had bought them in the market. On a later day she sent another pair of boots to a man at Western Point. When charged with the thefts she admitted them. Mr. Maginn said her parents were respectable people and he did not wish to press the case. Prisoner was fined 205.. or in default of payment, fourteen days imprisonment.

ball so near the object ball, it is almost as easy to get the cannon by means of a thin screw as by taking the object ball pretty full. How infinitely superior the thin screw is to the fullish contact screw is shown by the after position, for whereas the fullish contact drives :he object hall on to the top cushioa and then lowa the table, the thin screw drives it slant- ingly across the table, and a well-played stroke will leave the three balls grouped together within a short distance of the corner pocket, ind the position will generally be a splendid :me. On the diagram the thin intersected line ;bows the good direction given to the object ball as the result of the thin contact, and the thick intersected line the bad direction which results from the fullish contact. Early on in this chapter on SCREW I stated that the correct way of playing screw-back strokes is to drive the cue clean through the ball instead of drawing it hack sharply, as so many players always do. An exception must be made to this rule, however. when the cue ball is very close to the object ball.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN MAY FESTIVAL.

Beautiful weather favoured Earlestown May Queen Festival on Saturday and thousands of visitors flocked into the town. The streets were gaily decorated with flags and bunting and the procession presented an exceedingly pretty spectacle. There were numerous very beautiful tableaux and the host of characters in costume including a good muster of cyclists, pleasingly cene Handsome prizes were offered and varied t s • was keen competition. The Warrington there Earlestown Prize and Haydock brass Pinneer*.scotirsecl music, and the Newton fire engine bands di .gad e u also figured in the procession. id "r 1 al cort6ge Was particularly imposirg "0 „?°° (Miss Nellie Thornton) looked charming in The queen dress of ivory silk, with silk lace and laser- a beantl, , fulrimmed witii silver sequin and lace. Her ti", and f heliotrope velvet, trimmed with ermine train Was °and she wore a wreath, trimmed with velvet, and sequin, ppie blossom, whilst she carried a bouquet pearls and ehe lady-in-waiting (Miss May Gerrard) was of roses. Tpretty dress of cream silk, wearing also a attired in, ,at trimmed with feathers. The two young liras white " mforted themselves with befitting dignity ladies, who caage drawn by four greys upon which out. rode in a carrimounted. The naval body guard was riders were ~t and the sword, sceptre and crown particularly sala handsome plush costumes walked in bearers, hi their was of heliotrope velvet, with pearls, front. The crcvcr'; ermine. The ex-Queen (Miss Martha brilliants. silk ana,ast year's dress of pelt green and red Adams), wore her 'he Market ground the Queen was On arrival it t. Forshaw, of Burtonwood, and pre- crowned by Mrs. n'eifts. Afterwards a highly enjoy- seated with several :gone through. Fifty-six prettily able programme yr:link and pale blue sashes, gracefully dressed girls with P dance with double ribbons. Mr. J. executed a maypole hem admirably, and that gentleman Brown bad trained tulated upon the manner in which is also to be congrat litary belles," was given by the the dance. " The mid dance was executed by 86 boys children. A Highlan a manner creditable to Mr. S. and girls In costume in and a Circassian dance by 44 Openshaw, their trainer,Mr.Onenshaw) was much appre- childi en (also trained by of the Vulcan physical drill dated. The evolutions members, was highly praise- class, junior and senior tractor, was present, and Mr. worthy, Mr. R. J. Hill, ins war. Coon dances were con- W. Taylor WAS the accompa ons. who were led by Mr. T. tributed by the Yah-yah Co an, rof the world. Subse- H. Fox, the champion clog d ce fluently dancing was commensed to the music of the bands, and was kept up with pint until dusk-

===== 0002601_19050603_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
"TOAD IN THE HOLE."

Ai some men were felling an oak tree on a farm an Pulham St. Mary, Norfolk, they were surprised to see fall out a toad that had apparently been embedded it the ttee for several years. The toad, which was alive when liberated, did not long survivfitits exposure to the air. It was found in the tree about six inches from the bark.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
IN CONSTANT PAIN

Nervous & Sleepless.

SUFFERED FOR YEARS FROM IND6GESTION.

Completely and Quickly Cured by

Mother Seigel's S3,,Tr.p.

Messrs. A. J. White, Ltd., London.— Gentlemen: It is nearly ten years since I first told you how Mothet Seigel's Syrup had restored me to health, and I am still, I rejoice to say, in sound health, with never an ache nor pain anywhere. This, I think is striking proof of the thorough- mess of my cure. _

---":"Before! learned the value of your ex- cellent rnedicine,.l had suffered all the tor- -ments of indigestion; and that not for weeks or months, but for years. I was in constant pain, while my breathing .was so affected that at times I was positively fighting for breath. I was nervous and sleepless, and altogether more dead than alive. But Mother Seigel's Syrup quickly ended all this, though doctors had •utterly failed. I shall never cease to .praise (Signed) George Robinson- 1 11. Angle- scy St., Lozells, Birmingham, Jan. 4th, 1905.

glr. Robinson perinits publication of this ' con`Pincirzo statement of his own experience in gratitude for health restored and a desire to relie'Pe the sufferings of others. He believes And e knew that the medicine that cured him and has cared tens of thousands of men and vomen of chronic indigestion, 'knll cure YOU if you suffer from the same .complaint. Put it to the test.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
DIAGRAM l'A.

Diagram 108 shows such a screw-back cannon, Here the cue ball is only one inch from the red, and were the cue driven through the cue ball, the -stroke would result in a push. Even without driving the cue through the ball, this close screw-back cannon is often a failure with many really good amateurv. When the stroke fails, the cue ball generally jumps, and most players conclude that the jumping has been caused by a miss-cue. As a rule, however, there has been no miss-cue, and the jumping of the cue ball has been caused by its recoiling from the object balls on to the cue. The cue has either followed on a little or has not been got out of the way quickly enough, and the cue ball has had such a little distance to recoil before meeting the cue again that the cue striking the ball, and the ball striking the cue, appear to be one and the same stroke. Especially is this the case when the cue follows on the least little bit, for in this case it meets the cue ball practically as it comes away from the object ball. The manner in which the cue ball jumps as it meets the cue may be made quite clear by playing a ball across the table and meeting it with the point of the cue (held low down) as it returns from the opposite cushion. . .

When playing close screw-backs similar to the one shown on Diagram 108, care must therefore be taken to draw the cue back immediately it strikes the ball. The stroke should not be played with any strength; all tnat is necessary is a smart little stroke. Nor need the cue ball be struck very low down. It naturally follows that the more gently the stroke can be played, the easier will it be to draw back the cue at the moment of contact. Owing to the balls being so utar, practically none of the reverse rotation imparted to the cue ball is lost by friction with the cloth before contact is made with the object ball, so that the cue ball can be made to screw back quite easily without any strength being used. In the diagram the cue and object balls

DIAGRAM 109.

Diagram 110 shows a screw in-off into a centre pocket, and the right and wrong way of playing the stroke. The ordinary player and even many very fair players, spot at the far end of the D in order to make the screw a little leas than ;when spotting away from the end of the D. When the kp-off is played in this way the object ball is given very bad direction, and good position for the next stroke depends on chance. The thin intersected line on the diagram gives an idea of the direction that may be given to the object ball when the in-off is played from the extreme left of the D. Of course this direction will vary as the contact between the balls varies, but it will always be bad and with some slight varia- tions of the position shown on the diagram, the object ball may catch the angles of a top pocket or a battik pocket, thus making the after posi- tion still more uncertain. If instead this screw in-off be played from the other position of the cue ball shown on the dia- gram, the object ball can be driven straight up and down the table or even thrown a little more to the centre of the table as shown by thick in- tersected line on the diagram. Thus splendid direction may be given the object ball and plenty of latitude exists for strength, for after the ball comes out of baulk (the strength, of the stroke drives it in and out of baulk) any stopping place up to about two feet from the top cushion means position for one or other of the four out-of-baulk pockets. Even if the stroke has been strong enough to bring the ball well down the table again after having struck the top cushion a second time, its direction will still be good. Nor is any very exact striking of the object ball neces- sary in order to leave good position. So long as the object ball is kept well away from the side of the table good position will generally be left. Played in this way this screw in-off may for ordinary players be a little more difficult than if played from the end of the D, but any player who wishes to improve his game must give up playing every stroke in the easiest possible way, otherwise he will always remain a hap-hazard player. .

With the cbject ball in the position shown on the diagram an in-off could be played into the left top pocket, but good players not excepting the best professionals never care to play top- pocket in-offs from baulk when good position can be easily retained by the medium of a centre pocket in-off.

(To be Continued.)

Vol. I. of "Billiards: The Strokes of the Game." 100 illustrations. By Rl§o LEVI. Is now ready, Is. net. -

Mr. Rise Levi will be pleased to answer in :hese columns all quostions relative to the irticle appeaTing weekly. in connection far as possible my questions ,311 other points n connection with :he game of Billiards. Envelopes should be nayked " Billiards." •

COMMERCIAL. 1, Al L CliltS. —According to " Remp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of Commercial vailures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, May 26th, was 106, viz.:-LNew bankruptcy proceedings published in the London Gazette, 101; deeds of arrangement registered, 92. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last Year were: Bankruptcies, 53; deeds of arrangemsnt 71—total 121; being an increase of 72. The total number of commercial failures recorded during the 21 weeks of the present year is 3,791: the total number recorded in the corresponding 21 weeks of lan year was 3,68,4 she wing an increase of 107.

4**4 .111) A screw..back cannon.--Cue ball only one inch 'rorn the red ball.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD TJ THE WISE.

The Examiner, Saturday June 3, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
are intended to be one inch apart, but the same stroke is quite possible when they are only three-quarters of an inch apart, and even less, ;but such a stroke requires excel). tionally good touch, and is quite beyond all except really good players. If the cue ball be placed nearer and nearer the object ball, a time arrives when a cannon by this particular kind of screw-back is no longer possible by any player, but a cannon is still possible by a totally ferent kind of screw when the balls are not more than an eighth or even a sixteenth of an incb apart. Such a stroke is really a marvellous one and not all professionals, and very few amateurs indeed, can get this Shot. On the other hand just a few players are wonderfully good at it Osborne, .the well-known Leicester professional is almost Derfect at it. I have seen, him set the cannon shown at A on Diagram 109 and the in- offs shown at B and C, time after time with the greatest of ease. ins screw-oacs with the cue ball so very near the object ball, is a very peculiar stroke in that the shot cannot possibly be made unless the cue, ball be struck with side ae well. as bottom. In fact, many players aver that such a stroke is a foul, even when the cue-ball screws right back. They argue that it must be a push, else why is the stroke impossible without side, when in all other screw-backs it is easier to screw without side than with side. In the stroke under discus- sion it is, however, side, and sidefonly, which pre- vents a push when the stroke has been well played. When two balls are almost touching, it is nearly impossible to push one through the other, if the cue-ball be struck with pignty of side and played full or nearly full on to the other. This may be proved by plac- ing two balls only one-sixteenth to one- eighth of an inch apart, and playing quite full on to the object ball with a smart, clean stroke, using a fair amount of strength and striking the cue-ball with plenty of side and without any bottom. It will then be found that the strong rotation imparted to the cue-ball prevents it from being pushed through the object ball, and though the object ball has been struck quite full the cue-ball is thrown off very squarely. To emphasise the difficulty of pushing the cue-ball through an object ball when the two balls are almost touching, and the cue-ball is struck with extreme side, the following experiment may be tried :—Spin a ball with the hand as strongly as possible, and in such a manner that after a second or two it ceases to move along the cloth though still rotating very rapidly. Place ano- ther ball almost touching it and right in front of it, and then strike the spinning ball on the side which would cause the same dire.ction of rota- tion in a stationary ball as alread3. shown in the moving ball. If the stroke be sharp and clean, it will be found that it is quite im- possible to push the spinning ball through the other ball. Instead, it will spring away very squarely. In the cannen ,shovvri at A the cue ball is thrown off very squarely ard then the reverse rotation on the, cue ball causes it to rush up the table, the path of the cue ball thus describing a very pronounced curve more or less as shown on the diagram. . . .

The best way to play these exceedingly close screws is to hold the cue as lightly as possible and to strike with plenty of dash, practically fhrowing the cue at the ball, aiming of course to hit the ball below the centre and with plenty of side. These screws, though most difficult strokes, are well worth learning by really good players with a penchant for fancy strokes, for they are perhaps the most telling of all the strokes that can bs. shown on a billiard table. More than that, such a stroke may conceivably be of use during a game.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
DIAGRAM 110.

in-off into a centre pocket. right ad the wrong way of playing it.—Red ball one inch below the line between the centre pockets and 2.1)1 inches from the fall of the slate. y plac- ing the cue ball eight or nine inches from the right extremity of the D (instead of at the extreme left of the I)), the red ball is given good direction.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRANSPORTER BRIDGE.

AN IMPORTANT LINK BETWEEN LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE.

Great Day at Runcorn and Widnes.

Monday was a never-to-be•forgotten day in the memories of Runcorn and Widnes inhabitants, and one also of supreme importance to ;he counties of Lanca- shire and Cheffiire, for it marked the opening to the public of the new transporter bridge which spans the Mersey tvithin almost a stone's-throw of the famous London and North-Westeta. Railway bridge. For a century at least the need of quick communication between the people on the two sides of the river has been severely felt,for only at Warrington, twenty miles up the river, was theta any vehicular bridge. Runcorn and Widnes folk in pai dealer have been greatly in- converlenced, for their only means of peisoral com- municatioa was the irconveoient and expensive foot- nay along the eaat &de of the railway- badge. Had it not bcen for the en: JrprL? 01 Sir John Brunner, Bart., M.P. and his co- directors 01 the company which , bas just comple..cd its scheme of bridging the river ' anew, the two t 'tviis would probably have bemoaned ' their awkard predicament for many years to come. However, the difficulties have now been overcome, and by a unique feat of enginee,ring, road traffic of all kinds may obtain speedy transference from one County to the other and one town to the other. THE NEW BRIDGE. The new transporter bridge has solved in a novel fashion the problem of spanning the estuary at such an elevation as will avoid interrering with the high masts of ships on the Mersey.. It is a clever combination of

. . an ordinary suspension bridge with a giant electric Golde-n jellies. Champagne jellies. tramcar. Looked at purely as a suspension bridge the Pattisierie francaise. Gateau Mocha. • transporter is the greatest of its class in Great Britain. Fruit. Coffee. It has a clew' spa lof 1,003f1. from centre to centre of The usual loyal toasts were honoured, on the proposi- the huge towers. The Clifton, over the Avon, near tion of the Chairman. Bistol lets a span of 7021 t., the •Ateerii, joining Wales Sir John Brunner, in proposing "Our Guests" Lo Anglesey, a span of 570 ft., and the Conway 3271 t. expressed regret that Sir John T. ffibbert (chairman of But the transpo—er is much more than a mere suspen- the Lancashire County Council) had been prevented sion bridge ;it saves passengers and vehicles all trouble from attending. That day's function, he said, revived by carrying them over bodily on its giant car. The memories of days long gone by, when the only means of bridge has only cost (in round figures) about £130,000. communication between the two towns of Widnes and After stseing opposition the bill received the royal I Runcorn was by way of the old ferry. It was interest- assent in 1900; the company was formed and the money I ing to know that the history of that ferry covered a raised within a year ; the work was begun in June 1902, I period of no less than 720 years. There had been a carried forward through unforseen difficulties, and' is great many schemes for bridging the Mersey at this now open for traffic, particular point. James Brindley, architect for the Tee pairs of twin towers on either side of the river Duke of Bridgewater in 1768 had proposed to carry the stand 1901 t. high. Each of the four legs of each tower Bridgewater Canal across the river, and in 1800 Ralph is aft. 10in, wide at the base, tapering to 21t. Sin, at I Dodd, a London engineer, proposed carrying not only'a the lantern deck. They are set on steel cylinders bolted 'canal but .a roadway on each side of the canal across to the solid rock below: The two huge cables upon the river at that point. John Durnbell in 1813 which the girders are suspended are each composed of put forward another scheme, and in 1814 Thomas Tel- nieeteen steal ropes bound together, and have been ' ford, the celebrated road maker, planned to lay a sus- manufactured by the St. Helens Cable 'Co., Ltd. The pension bridge, something like the one now completed, cables weigh 243 tons, and are tested to a tensile across the Mersey. This design was adopted for the strength of ninety-five tons per ware inch. The cable Menai Bridge. In len a number of staid Liverpool anchorages are embedded into solid rock to a depth of merchants moved in the matter, and a aura of money nearly 40ft. The girders, upon which the trolley runs, ' was guaranteed, but without any practical result. In from which the car is suspended, forma track 35ft. wide. '1893 Sir Douglas Fox had his own proposal, and the the under side of which is 821 t. above high-water level, scheme of Messrs. John J. Webster and John T. Wood— To take up the strain of the car arid the contraction and , (applause)—was formulated in I9oo—a century after the expansion of the long track the girders are hinged in the ' first pie:postal for a road bridge was made. The build- centre and fixed to vertical rocrs at each end. This ' ing of the L. and N.W. Railway Company's bridge novel arrangement allows for a difference in the length seemed to have satisfied the wants of the neighbour. of the tiack of no less than 2ft. 9in. The trolley itself i hood for about 40 years, but latterly the public had is 771 t. long, and runs on sixteen pairs of wheels. The 1 taken a greater interest in the subject of roads,and after car is 551 t. long and 24ft. wide. It is suspended from ' all their new bridge was merely a road between the two the trolley by steel wire ropes so arranged as to pre- counties. He believed it was a fact that no new road vent all oscillation. It will accommodate four two- had been made in England and Wales from one town to lhorse wagons and 300 passengers. another since the early" forties," and there were many ' Vehicles simply drive on and off the car at the road i who felt it high time that further facilities for business level. Passengers are comfortably sheltered from the in that way were secured. (Applause.) The new bridge Weather by a closed compartment which stands on one ! shortened the distance between very many points in the tide of the car. From a glazed conning-tower on the' north of England, and it would be of enormous advent- top of the car the conductor controls the electric switch-lace to' Liecashire and Cheshire. (Applause.) The board. He can stop the car, go ahead, or reverse, apply . directors he'd already been approached by the railway brakes, and avoid collisions with passing ships. The companies, business mennend millers in thetivo 'counties bottom of the car is 12ft. above the high-water level, all of whom wanted to do business with them. (Are stud clears the wall of the Ship Canal by about 41t. Gin. 1 plause.) Although they had not heard from them he Each trip occupies 3 minutes; allowing time for load- I hoped the farmers would not be idow to take lug and unloading, the car can make about ten trips an : advantage of the facilities which the bridge hour. The motive power is supplied by two 35-b.h.p. ' afforded, and he had no doubt that the Cheshire motors, allowing an enormous margin of power to meet farmers would be anxious to use the bridge with the every exigency of stormy weather. The power station object of supplying the teeming population of Lanes- stands inside the legs of the Widnes east tower, and the shire with their produce. (Applause). On the advice clvne-nos are driven by two 70-h.p. gas engine, of the engineers the bridge, for the present, would only The work hes been carried out by Sir William Arrol be available for twelve hours per day. Finally, Sir and Co., of Glasgow, the firm that built tha cantilever John expressed the hope that the bridge would be freely bridge over the Tay' under the direction of the chief Patronised by all classes, who could be assured of the engineer, Mr. J. ,I. Webster, M. Inst. CE., of West- utmost attention on the part of the directors to busi- ministermad the resident engineer, Mr. L. H. Chase. ness and the most complete civility. (Applause). The principle of this novel type of bridge was Colonel Dixon (Cheshire), in replying, seid that the designed thirty years ago by Mr. Charles Smith, of county ha represented welcomed tho provision of this Hartlepool, for a bridge over the Tees at Middles- bridge connecting the shores of Lancashireand Cheshire brough; the construction which was abandoned. Since Mid it must prove of grog benefit to both counties. that time three bridges of the same type, but very much I (Hear, hear). smeller than the Mereey bridge, have been built—overt The Chairman suhetitted the toast of "The lcea the Seine at ROLI3R, over the Nervioa in Spain, and !authorities," which was responded to by over a canal atßizorta, Algiers. The Mayor of Widnes, won said that was a rod-letter The graceful and imposing structure is its own I day' not only for Widnes, but for Rnecorn, two towns guarantee of absolute safety, tag nervous people may' so near to and yet solar from each other. He hoped it gather eoureee from the fact that daring its construe- might not only be the means of cementing the friend- tion the fabric has withstood tho stress of tremendous ship between the two places, but open up both towns gales without a trace of strain, from the point of view of commercial interest. (Hear THE OPENING CEREMONY, hear.) lie also hoped it would he the means of increas- ing the trade not only of Widnes but also the trade of The opening of the bridge on Monday was the, Runcorn, but not to the injury of Widnes. (Laughter.) occasion for much rejoicing among the people of Widnes I Mr. Samuel Taylor (Runcorn District Council) also and Runcorn. In both towns a half-holiday was suitably replied. observed, practically everybody was out-of-doors during The Chairman next gave the toast of "The the afternoon,and the appearance of the streets,crowded Engineers," in which connection he mentioned, as with people and gaily decorated with flags and boating showing the splendid stability of the structure, that in abundance, was, for animation and pictnresqness, just before the girders at the centre had been jointed I almost unequalled in the history of the two towns, together there was a great gale of wind, but it was "Lancashire Joins Cheshire: Success to the Transporter found- that the structure scarcely moved at all. I Bridge," was one of the most conspicuous of the many (Applause.) legends which greeted the eye, and the motto very Mr. J. J. Webster, M. Inst. C.E., responded and obviously summed up the sentiments which animated the said they were pleased that the briuge was vast company of sightseers. completed. Mr. Wood and himself had looked The dey's ceremonials were inaugurated at half-past upon this bridge 33 a kind of pot child which had been twelve in the afternoon, when the Mayor of Widnes with them for the past four years. It was now, as it (Alderman S. Quinn) held a reception at the Town Hall were, going into the world to make its living, and they Theatteedance Was a large and influential one, including were sorry to part with it. He referred to the most Sir John Brunner M.P., (chairman of the Widnes and pleasant relations which had existed all along between Runcorn Bridge Company), Sir H. Seton-Karr, aI.P. the directors and themselves, and specially alluded to (deputy-chairman), Messrs. El. Wade Deacon, Holbrook the able assistance of the resident engineer ( Mr. Chas e) Gaskell, jun., IL Sutton Timmis, Frank alseeleSanmel and of Dr. Edward Hopkinson in connection with the Owens, R. H. Posnett (directors), Lady Brunner, Mr. electrical installation and equipment. and Mrs. J. F. L. Brunneelle and Mrs. Roscoe Brunner, Mr. John T. Wood, aLinst•C.E., also replied, and said Mr. and Mrs. Henry Brunner, Miss Brunner, Mr. and they had to thank,not only Sir John Branner, but those Mrs. H. B. Brunner, Mr. J. Brunner, Mr. C. H. Brunner, of the first promoters who were associeted with him.and Colonel Hall Walker, M.P., Colonel Dixon (charman the directors for the great support they had given them of the Cheshire County Council), Mr. Reginald in carrying out their work. That bridge would not only Potts (clerk to the Cheshire County Coun- be a great link between Widnes and Runcorn, oil), the Mayors of St. Helens, Wigan, South- ncorn, but between the larger constituencies of .Cheshireand Lance- port, Birkenhead, Crowe, and Chester,) Messrs. shire. '(Hear, hear). Robert Gladstone (chairmen of the Mersey Docks and The Chairman next gave "The contractors," mention- Harbour Board), Miles K. Burton (general manager), ine John Brock (chairman of the United Alkali Company), Ifr. Walter Menzies, chairman of ArroEs Bridge and Eustace Carey (secretary), B. Brown, G. 1-1. Pilkington, Stuart Deacon, W. A. Woolliscroft, C. B. Feller. A. R. Roof Company, Glasgow; Dr. Edward Hopkinson; and Mr. Glover, St. Helens Cable Company; acknowledged I Norman (chairman of the Runcorn Board of Guardians), IS. Woodward (chairman of the Runcorn District the same, the last-named presenting Sir John Brunner Council), R. Ifornhy Lewis .(High Sheriff of Cheshire), with a section of the cable, mounted. Sir Henry Seton-Karr, M.P., proposed a vote of thanks I F. J. Norman, W.Timmins, T. 0. Timmins, J. Ockleeton, J. Littler' W Corn- .H. Hunter (Manchester Ship Canal Co- to Sir John Brunner, remarking that he was proud to think that he had been personally associated 'with the loamy), T. W. Forster (Mersey, Weever and Ship Canal Carrying Company), A. H. Holrne, J. W. Alsop, B. Cook- Chairman in that great enterprise. A better chairman he had no wish to serve under. (Hear, hear.) With son, D. M'Kechnie (St. Helens), R. L. Neilson (Liver- pool), George Pilkington, T. Sutton Timmis, Samuel regard to the bridge, he regarded it as a triumph of modern engineering. (Hear, hear.) Taylor (chairman, Runcorn District Council), J. W. The Chairman having acknowledged the same, the Wareing, Captain M`Queen (manager of Birkenhead . Ferries), Mr. F. S. Legge (accountant Birkenhead proceedings terminated. Ferries),'and Messrs. John J. Webster ant J. T. Wood i HEAVY TRAFFIC ON THE OPENING DAY. (engineers); the Revs. Canon A. M. Wood,Dean Finegan, ! The influx of visitors to Widnes and Runcorn on Mou- sed J. Wright Williams, and members of the Widnes day evening was beyond expectations, and cyclesonotor Town Council,and Runcorn Urban District Council with their officials. cars, and vehicles of all descriptions were very much in evidence. The car was working continuously from two Front the Town Hall the guests walked in proces- sional order to the bridge, beine headed by a detachment o'clock nntil shortly after nine, and it was estimated of mounted police and St. Mary's Prize Band. On .that fully 14.000 people were transported across the river. In addition to this number traps, bicycles, Stc., arrival at the bridge, ' Sir Henry Seton-Karr invited Sir John flrunner to were also taken across. formally declare tee bridge open. In doing so he con- THE PRESENTATION KEY. gratulated Sir John, his fellow directors, the shere- The gold key presented to Sir John Brunner was an holders of the company, and the people of Widnes, Run- I exceedingly handsome memento of the occasion. The corn, and neighbOaring districts on the successful com- pletion bears top of the key is surmounted by a shield, and bea the of the bridge. So long as the river Mersey arms of Runcorn on the one side, and of Widnes on the continued to run so long, he hoped, would that bridge other. Beneath this is a finely enamelled view of the stand as a lasting monument to the energy and enterprise Widnes and Runcorn Transporter Bridge. In the corres- associated with its erection, end he trusted that, as form- nonding space on the opposite side appears the ingia connecting link between the counties of Lancashire follow- and Cheshire, it would add to the general prosperity and , le- inscription PRESENTED TO 8115. JOHN BRUNNER BART, ' a : convenience of those who lived its that part of the I ALP., be his co-directors, on the opening by him of II country.' (Applause). Sir John Brunner had taken a the Widnes and Runcorn Transporter Bridge, 29th leading part in the enterprise and energy displayei in May, 1905. I the scheme, and whilst he no doubt, had bran backed up Under the view of the bridge is the coat of arms of by the local authorities of Runcozn and Widnes,withont Sir. J. T. Brunner, Bart. The shaft of the key is decor- his leadership it wasejust possible that the bridge might ated with figures modelled in high relief, symbolic of never have been built, or, at any rate, might not have been built so soon. (Applause). " Progress "and "Plenty." The key is enriched with The speaker eon- preCiolls stones,and the arms of the towns are supported eluded by handing to Sir John a handsomely-jewelled figuresb v eures embodying the same idea as those on the (as-smile of the Frey with which the opening ceremony sgafe. The key is enclosed in a morocco leather case, was to be performed and expressed the hope that Sir and was especially designed and manufactered by John would long treasure it as a memento of the day when the two great conntiee of Lancashire and Cheshire Elkington and Co.. Limited, Liverpool. # joined hands across the river Mersey. (Applause). THE BRIDGE CLOSED. Sir John Brunner assured his hearers that he was we are informed that in order to make certain p road indeed to be allowed to declare the bridge : adjustments which the engineers deem necessary as the o ened. To those who had been engaged in it the work which they saw that day crowned had been a labour of result of the experience gained in running tha car the love, and he congratulated both Widnes and Runcor will not be opened for traffic fshort r Or a period. n Due notice :will be given when the traffic can be „„ bridge wl . . the possession of another means of friendly intercourse ae and for the facilitation of business. They had provided resumed. for that stately master alongside (the London and l North-Western Company's bridge) a very graceful bride, I ELASTIC STOCKINGS, KRAL OAPs, &C.—For Varlet:9 Vein and they would stand side by side—master and lady—he . and an eases of WeaknsAs and Swelling of the Leg, hoped for many and many a day. (Applause.) The swains. lbs They are porous, light in texture, and in- beautiful key which had been presented to him would be expensive, and are drawn on Like an ordinary stocking,— long preserved by bim, and afterwards would be treasured Price 4.. 61., 75.. 6d. and 10s. 6d. each. Postage free.— WHITE & WRIGHT, Stirzissi Instrument and Truss linkers, i 96 Renshaw it., leverpool.—advt. I

===== 0002601_19050603_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT SANKEY AFFAIRS.

The Agitation for Station Improvements.

RECREATION GROUND WANTED.

Upto the present, theagitation for improved booking arrangements at Great Sankey Station to obviate the dangers of the present system, has had no satisfa :tory result. The subject was again under discussion at the meeting of the Parish Council held in the Council Schools on Monday evening under the presidency of Mr. G. Thompson. There were also present :—Messrs. Taylor, Purness,Faircloughffirch,lliggs,and Joseph Smith(clerk). The Clerk read the following letter which he had received from Mr. James Pinion, manager for the Cheshire Lines Committee have had your letter of the 22nd March under consideration and have had some figures prepared in regard to the traffic. It would appear to me that theaccommodation at Sankey is ample and sufficient for the traffic, especially when I observe from the statement before referred to that the passenger user of the'station has fallen off considerably. This being so, I am sue you will agree with me that I connot con- sistently recommend my committee to incur any further expense by providing additional booking arrangements. Should, however, a substantial improvement in the passenger traffic be observed, I shall be happy to recon- sider the matter.

Mr. Furness, while thanking Mr. Pinion for his courteous letter, said it seemed to him that, it was absolutely the duty of a railway company to provide facilities for their passengers, whether the number be one or a thousand, in order to obviate any danger. The conditions existing at Sankey station wete highly dangerous to those making use of it. The falling off in traffic might, he believed, to some extent he ascribed to the danger which must deter g:ople from using the sattion as much as they otherwise would do. Then again, he thought if Mr. Pinion could SC 3 his way to reduce the return fare between Sankey and Warrington he would no doubt find that the Sankey returns would improve considerably in a short time. The Council would not be jastified in allowing the matter to drop quietly. buoy should let it be known that they intended taking the course they bad laid out for themselves in the interests of the general public. 'they should insist upon the railway company giving them what they asksi for, as it was only reason- able and, be believed, nothing beyond what the Board of Trade would require if they went into the matter. The Chairman agreed with Mr. Furness's remarks with reference to the return fares. A charge of five-pence to Warrington and back, was, he considered, very excessive; and it would be in the interests of the C.L.C. to reduce the fare. They all knew his opinions with regard to the risk that people incurred in booking and crossing the line to the opposite platform. tie adhered to every word he bad said, and he was prepared to go with the Council in any steps they might take to remedy the existing conditions. The worst feature of Mr. Pinion's letter was that he did not appaar to realize the eanger. Mr. Riggs: It appears to be a question of 2s d with the committee. *The Chairman: With us it is a question of the danger to the pissengers. He suggested that the Clerk should write to Mr. Pinion again, pointing out the desir- ability of a reduction of the return fare to Warrington andasking him to state definitely whether he considered the station was all it should be from the point of view of the safety of the passengers. Mr. Furness thought Mr. Pinion's position would debar him from expressing a cindid opinion. If he admitted that the station was dangerous he would bring down the censure of the Board of Trade. The Council had not to consider, whether the station was paying or not. The point Was: were' the conditions , such as the Board of Trade would demand and the general public reinired ? lie m iintaine I thu thay were not.

After further discussion it was decidod that the Clerk should again write to Mr. Pinion expressing regret that he could not see his way to recom need the improve- ment. and-pointing ow; that the Council intended to ' continue to agitate in the matter. Later the matter was further discussed in committee.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
ITECEEATION GROUND WANTED.

The Clerk read a petition signedTy- numerous re dents asking the Chairman to bring before the Council the great want of a recreation ground for the children of the district. Groat danger lay in their playing about the road as it was the main thoroughfare between two large cities, and the tra'fic was very heavy. Penketh and Bank Quay districts had both their recreation grounds and the petitioners hoped that through the influence of the Council, Sankey haveone too. The Chairman said a playground was very desirable but the difficulty would be to find a suitaiile piece of laud. The parish would also have to incur the expanse of fencing and laving it out. Mr. Taylor : The rates are high enough. It was *decided that the matter should remain in abey- ance for the present.

WELCOME NEWS TO R ITEP AY EMS. The Chairman said the overseers had felt justified in reducing the rates for the township by 2d. in the £ for the present half year. The Clerk remarked that Sinker, was the only parish that he knew of, whera the rates had bean reduced. AD CP lON AL POSTAL PAC [LIT IE REQUIRED. The Cnairtnan said that several ratepayers at the Great Sankey end of the district wortld like a Sunday evening collection of letters front the pillar boa near the church. At present there was no collection between Saturday night and Slonday. and the inhabitants were .were greatly inconvenienced. It was decided to apply to the Postmaster for the additional collection.

A RE3IGNATIOST. Owing to removal fro n the district Mr. F. Jefferson wrote intimating that he felt it his duty to resign his seat on the Nfanagement Committee of the Sankey schools. He thanked the members of the Council for the confidence they had placed in him. The Clerk was instructed to write expressing the Council's regret at Mr. Jefferson's removal. The Chairmln said he thounhe he would be carrying out the wishes of the Council in suggesting the na!TIA of Mr. Furness in succession to Mr. Jefferson on the School Niamagernent Committee. The vacericy had not yet been considered. The Council agreed with this course.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER SENSATIONAL CURE.

A Gardener's Wife Praises Zam-Buk.

There are rnany,,especially those of the weaker sex, I who will prolit by studying the expe-ience of Mrs. Eliza fiollis, a .gardener's wife, of Grove Cottages, Knowle, Birrnin4ham, who was cured of piles by %am- Bult afte. an excruciating illness. Interviewed by the "Sunday Sun" reporter, Mrs. Hollis said:— '1 am thirty-four years of ace, and until the piles started I enjoyed fairly good health. They appeared some six or eight" months ago, and the agony was excruciating. I was greatly distressed, and at first didn't kw adopt. A local doctor poscribed onel sootheto the itching, burning pains, but I something to rteome rly got no relief whatever. Medicine proved Powerless, and from being an active and energetic woman I soon' became so weak ad- depressed Lhatl was scarcaly able to walk across the house. The pains were terrible, and 11 feared they would deprive me of my reason. I came to think there was nothing else for it but to go into one of the hospitals, and I was preparing to take this dreaded step when I heard of Zatu-Buk. My husband agreed that IShoal] try a sample, and if it did any good continue with the treatment. "Anything to have you well and strong again !" he said. I derived so much ease from the sample that I got a full box, and began Ia proper course of the applications. Zara-Bult soon effected an improvement. The burning and itching gradually ceased, the pains disappeared, and finally the hemorrhoids themselves died away. Altogether I used three boxes, and am now completely cured and in 'perfect health. " Some months have elapsed since Zam-Buk effected this wonderful cure, and there has been no sign of a I recurrence of the piles, so 1 can safely say they have I disappeared altogether. Zam-Buk has made a new woman of me." In thousands of cases the same grateful story of Zam- obriaosl cser,kamspl forms of poisonedpoi rlfreist:psrtiiilnoeogns link's success is given. Zam-Buk is a pure I disebaashaed anfkalres, sore all ei vges, erysipelas,r I festering sboarrebser 's eczema,rash, bspcseasrsi sbasi, dbst:tsi icsreast,chbeus,rnsps,rasicnasl,dsst,rapi nu sn,cst (Ili n gosr alnadcearlitieuci. worm, running sores, sore breasts, chafed skin, stiffness, jcwuuortlis'en, s t ,or diseases of, the skin. All chemists sell Zarn-Bult in is. VA. and 2s. ed. boxes (2s. 9d. size con- ' tains nearly four times as much as the 18.112d.),0r it may be obtained post free from the Zam-Buk Co Red Cross st., London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
as an heirloom by his children and his childrens children. (Applause). A Mother's Sir John then unlocked a padlock which joined two silken cords stretched across the approach, and, the line having thus been severed, Sir John declared the bridge opened for traffic "from this day henceforward." 1 liessage The announcement was received with a chorus of ringing cheers, the band struck up a lively air, and the the news was sounded abroad by the shrill voices of a Mrs. Edith Kruse tells of the multitude of sirens and steam whistles. Underneath ; the bridge, the tide being low, was gathered a crowd of 1 Health and Strength which young men and lads, and they displayed the utmost . enthusiasm, especially after Lady lirunner had pressed I came to her Children from a' button which set the electric machinery in motion, ' and the great car moved forward smoothly and noiselessly I using fron-Ox Tonic Tablets. on its aerial journey across the Mersey. The motion was scarcely perceptible ; indeed, save for the visual proofs Here is a message for mothers. Mrs. Edith Kruse, a afforded both above and below, one might easily have of 81, Coningham Road, London. W., has written imagined the car still at a standstill. The journey .the story of the new health nd happiness which occupied just under four minutes, although when the has come to her little ones through the use of Iron machinery has settled down to its work it is expected Ox Peale Tablets Mrs Kruse, who has bf 5,311 married that the time will be reduced to two and a half minutes. twice, is the mother of a girl aged fourteen and As the car approached the Runcorn banks another of a little by aged three. Her daughter was weak scene of enthusiasm was witnessed, thousands of people and pale and thin. She was always tired, always lining the shore, the Ship Canal wall, and the • streets complaining of weariness. She wai listless, took labutting on the riverside. The procession was re-formed lon quitting the car, and the party proceeded to the Volunteer Drill Hall, where, on the invitation of Sir John Brunner, luncheon was provided. THE LUNCHEON. Sir John's guests at the luncheon numbered about 270. The hall had been effectively decorated by Messrs. Wilkinson, Martin and Co., of Liverpool. The walls were draped with art muslin, and overhead there was a profuse display of streamers and bunting. The luncheon was served by Messrs. Bollands, of Chester. Sir John Brunner presided at the chief table, and the principal guests were seated on either side of him. The following was the menu : Salmon, mayonnaise sauce. . Cucumber. Roast quarter of lamb and mint sauce, Calantine of capon with truffles. Roast sirloin of beef and horseradish. Pressed beef a la gelee., Roast chickens. Raised savoury Pie. York barn. Ox tongue. 'French salad. Lobster salad. Raspberrycreams. Pineapplem9usse.

• MISS SARAH BYARD. but little interest in her school work, and still less ia thp amusements which belong to her age. She had lost the bright colour from her cheeks. and seemed to be steadily drifting towards serious ill-health. The pale tired face of the child was a constant source of sorrow to the mother. She could not tell what was the matter, but feared that anaenia, that grim spectre that hovers over growing girlhood, had the child in its grip. A chance suggestion of a friend led her to try Iron- Ox Tonle Tablets. The young girl didn't like " Medicine," but the Tablets seemed so dainty and inviting, that she was willing to try them. Before the first box was finished the anxious mother noticed an improvement. Little Sarah Byard seemed better and brighter. Her mother continued to give her the Tablets regularly, and betlre a month was over the colour had come back to her girlish cheeks ; she no longer complained of being tired ; she took a new interest in life, and her appetite had greatly improved. A few weeks more of treatment with Iron-Os tablets and Sarah Byard was strung and happy and healthy, as every growing girl should bs. She had ceased to sigh andcomplain. She was light-hearted. Her cheeks wore red. Her interest in work and play returned, and she is new as healthy and as hearty as her mother could wish. "While my daughter was taking the Tablets," writes Mrs. Edith Kruse in her letter. " my little boy Fred complained of headaches end biliousness. I gave him Iron-Ox Tablets, and I must say that they completely cured both the headaches and biliousness and, I think, made him stronger. Your Iron-Os Tablets are so small and pleasant that the children liked to take them. It was always diffi- cult to get them to take medicine before, but they take Iron-0x Tablets very readily. [want to thank you for the good your Tablets have done my chil- dren,and to tell you that you may publish this letter if you wish, because I would like other mothers to know of the good that Iron-Ox Tablets Wind° chil- dren—Yours gratefully,

(Signed) E. KRUSE.

"" " .• 3 :3"i3 :i. 'i 1 q:).iql.:WW:lt. i ' S 3•: :I".F•el.p 4,1f4:401+::,111, .;;1..":,:cik:':!i;3i,:38!: !!:•:•34'!' •:: .: d.N4es,,,ZW•4:I-4,"•:"?';.:3:::?":1-:.:=.;::;.%4•3':::.&"A ''.. Nti:•.•• •,,,4117ri•;4**;33g:::3,,:::.::33*.*:-.:X",3.Z.,,,,:113.,',,,:'•:": i%;, ..,11,44.4c-or , ;ii, • ~....,•,:zi*Eii:i*:.::::ii;":":33:33. 3"3::::.,:,-.3:::1:-• :: :10 .. :,.:Nig4lo:oo.4i;n;',4i'C -.-ifT4VglP3[::,:lso:;W:i::i Igrii. ....i:;oii:•..,,:iiMiWa.MiA i 1:g•if•.: i-,,,.'.i,.-.E.fpg::.f..‘,.., ..toman..lllllg 'sit.,i*..... f: i 5 g § t ,1,::‹ k:. ••::: ;3 i 3 t;,••••%4-.1%. '''3iiiilEiiii: v iijii:•:l 4 :.:4 ~.; I!. f, : ••;.:1"e-4*'''';' ": •• • ...3,,..33,.:::::::::,:, :: g•'• Is k ;:,.. f•t < i. ....? .....:..,co ~..m.::::::::,,,,...:..... ~,,,,,,,,5,.......,45,44:, •';' • 4..0.1;igix...w.::::0;:i5',Eg::%, ivi0.,iii.:..1.,,.§. „,,,,,...:,..,..*,.,::*11,54: ~,v,..,,,.:„.,:::::::::!::,,,,,,,,x,i:i!x-. .:.,?.:.,„4:::5,..„:,,...-,,,,,,,,,,:::::k.:.:...,:,..' • :::::<.). -

===== 0002601_19050603_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
$

===== 0002601_19050603_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAWEED AS A MEDICINE. Seaweed is now the popular medicine for stomacb: liver, kidney and blood diseases. It possesses natuno strengthening, healing and purifying power, infinitely greater than ordinary medicines. This is now rognrde " as conclusive by eminent medical authorities who 13,avet. recommended it since VEND'S SEAWEED TONIC Was Ur? ; introduced. A pure, palatable extract of a certnl.ll_ yecies'of seaweed is one of the principal ingredients Eo's SEAWEED Toxic. This remedy excels in t" cure of indigestion, wind, headache, nervous weakness' kidney troubles, weak and painful back, torpid liv: female complaints, nervous debility and habitual e; stipation. Its most brilliant effect is produced stomach, liver, and kidney troubles. Ask for Vrirf SEAWEED TONIC; is. IN. and 2L 9d., at Cheulls' everywhere.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19050603_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19050603_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19050603_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling Gossip.

BY THE CLUBMAN.

The above sketch depicts a scene to be observed daily and hourly on all our roads. The speed of the car (which is cutting in and out) will certainly not be less than twenty, and may be as much as forty, miles an hour. The feelings of cyclists coming in the reverse direc- tion to the motor, and being shaved by feet and inches, can be better imagined than described.

A Giant and His Bicycle.

Perhaps the largest bicycle ever built_ was that recently

z;upplied by a Birminghana firm to the order of a Mr. O'Connor, who stands 'ft. 24 in. high. The size of frame is 34 in., the wheels 30 in., and the distance from saddle to pedal measures 45 in. Had Mr. O'Connor been a cyclist in the days of the tall bicycle, when short cranks were in vogue, he would have required a driving-wheel of 66 in. or 68 in. diatneter, What that would have meant can be judged from this old sketch of a 52-in. ordinary.

A Canted Pedal.

Dr. B. A. Lundie, of Edinburgh, has hit upon what he claims to be an improvement in the con- struction of pedals. It appears that when the feet are placed about G in. apart, a greater pressure is exerted on the outer portions of the soles than elsewhere. This, it is alleged, is sometimes the cause of corns on the feet. Anyhow, by raising or canting the outer parts of the pedal-rubbers—or iat-traps, as the case may be, it is sought by Dr. kindle to render pedalling more efficient and comfortable. It is very doubtful, however, if the innovation will meet with adoption in these days of narrow treads, as one effect would be to turn in the rider's knees, and thus encourage objectionable chafing against the top tube of the frame.

r tec-,;?F-.- . . _ „or . ~......ii,,,,t,,;,,,,,...0---- ..,,,,..,n1k,,,,„).,- 211 tn.... ~ . V r .. ..., Jo „......„,.. -7. '' I \l.', • ',:'-:;"---• ' % • s!: ' ..

lt• ,S 1 f, (111 A 52-Is. TALL BicycLu.

' 4 4 e;e •f- . - c+,i 1. '' - .- • . .7.1. -. .;-.7)! ;4,-,yotic ,s< ‘• > ',.;," -',' . ' ':.-d: . - it ... ;•74V.4"„,t4 Z-7 ..,.'4' , ,i'' 04.'fr lA. 1 ~.• ~- „; ~..,,,,,f,„ A .. • . 'llft ,t....,,,-„;,,,,.........4•.‘ •,,,,,,..„,:c:. , re, ~,,..tc,, i • - ...,, ~11,.. ~, Ai ~,,,,•••, ;I, , , ~,tt., • .....„,.. i i :_v,....„, _..,. ~....._‘,„,i ,• --„: , .v--.. _.„....,,,•0.,...,,, . t. . ....\ ,‘.t.,:,....,,,1:,..,,....,.., ' \i''':' --- -,\\ . i 010-.4 s- • A LIGHT BICYCLE.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
Comfort in Cycling.

The lightness of the modern cycle has certainly greatly encouraged cycling among ladies, and variable speed gears are, perhaps, an even greater help. Especially to those who ride fully equipped roadsters for business and pleasure, not to mention Carrying luggage, has the variable speed gear Proved a boon. The questions of gearing and weight arc intimately associated, and should be considered jointly if comfort in riding is to be realized. A gear tolerably easy to propel under average conditions becomes a stiff task when hills abound or adverse winds are encountered. With- out a two-speed gear comfort can only he ensured by adopting a moderate gear in relation to the Weight of the cycle. Thus 60 in. on a heavy mount, or 70 in. on a very light one, may be cited as Moderate gears when a twO-speed hub is not employed. But when a two-speed hub is used our 60-in. gear can he increased to 70 in., and the 70-in. gear to 80 in., with a proportionate increale of Speed and enjoyment when riding on the level. And when we come to a hill we can bring in our lower gear, which means a reduction of 23 per cent., a reduction that enables us to ride hills we must Otherwise walk; and when we reach the summit recourse is again had to the high gear, with its 23 per cent. higher power and speed. Such increased gear is found well within the rider's capacity until the next rise is reached, when lower gear is used; nn.l so comfort, speed, a LILL power are all helped by the two-speed gear. Before deciding on a two-speed gear the rider should read the interesting booklets on . speed gears which are sent out free by the Eadie Manufacturing Co., of Redditch, and by the Hub Tye-Speed Gear Co., of Salford, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
Side-Slip in Dust.

Much has been written about the dangers of hide-slip on muddy roads, but it is possible for a cyclist to ride for months or seasons before he

eriperiences a fall from his wheel slipping in dust. Nails of this kind most frequently occur on the 40ping sides or edges of roads during periods of drought, when a considerable depth of powdery Material accumulates on the hard surface of the highway. Quite another cause of side-slip, equally unpleasant to encounter, is indirectly due to dust ---thuswise: the wood or asphalte pavements of towns are often watered in summer along the margins Or gutters only. Traffic churns up a pasty raucr, and dry dust is subsequently blown over the danger-spot, giving it the aspect of dry road. The rider's astonishment is only equalled by his dismay When his wheel skids on the treacherously concealed surface.

rly-fui of L tify. Y Nevele fitted with the NEW DEPA-- - COASTER HUB will give doable the enjoyment to Its eider. •' three-Brakes-in-One" make, you feel safe on .he bill, tel the Free Wheel reveal, the real delights of enacting. the

seaside Vagaries.

...• 01:;441N, 471,443.-t;iti, 1,41 k . • .t. .r... CV o.'o- '44'' ' '. \\\\ ~,':,•"::, ‘ \ , ,A, 1.;;,',.,. .... 4 4 ' , 4-s, 1 ( 4 fiti• ir..... AN .. "A Hui 'Certainty... eiwaims ---RTURE Ite

===== 0002601_19050603_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW DEMME

COASTER HUB

is &scribed as a hub-fat of certainty." The lITTLE BOOK" gives the reasons. Ask for it on a Post-Card.

Desk I 1443 BRO • . , BROTHERS. 5 i 11. Ltd., 30. Great , Eastern Street, London, E.G.

Address— 'WN

===== 0002601_19050603_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERAL OF THE LATE MR. P. CHRIMES.

The funeral of the late Mr. Peter Chrimes, of the Roebuck Hotel, Bridge-street, took place at the Warrington Cemetery on Monday afternoon. The large attendance testifying to the respect in which the deceased was held. The service was conducted by the Rev. W. Bracecamp. The chief mourners were :—Mr. Harrison Chrimes (brother), Messrs. Bolton, Isaac and Yarwood (brothers-in-law), Messrs. H. and A. Ashton (Bridge-foot), 'Munn, Lowe (Wigan), Joseph Chrimes, Fred Bolton, J. Yarwood, and T. Yarwood, jun. (nephews), and Messrs Gilbert (Lanca- shire and Yorkshire Bank), Rogers (Pre,scot), Fred Howard (Greenall, Whitley and Co.), Shirlaw (the Dis- tillery), Toni Mather, Burrows, George Leicester, John Wainwright, Josiah Whittle, and W. Newton. The licensed victuallers were represented by Alderman Evans and Messrs. Thomas Walsh, John Lee, John McClinton, Robert Walker, Henry Teece, Peers Brimelow, Robert Perdue, F. J. Whittle, Henry Ashton, John Sampson, Thomas Cooper, George Wright, and Robert Shacklady. Alderman Smetherst. and Messrs. R. Shackleton. A Sutton, J. Sampson, George Legge and A. Jolley reprosented the Aged People's Treat Committee. The follow- ing were the bearers :—Messrs Harry Houghton M ersey- street), James W. Harrison, George Hewitt, Sam Lister, Rhoden and Joseph Unsworth (Latchford). Floral tributes were sent by "His sorrowing wife," Mr. A. Chrimes and son (Osborne), Messrs. 0. and J. Greenall (the Distillery). Mr. and Mrs. H. Lewis (Chelmsford), Mrs. Harry Toil, Mr. end Mrs. Yarwood (Lower Ince), Mr. and Mrs. Pierpoint (Bridge-street). Mr. and Mrs. Rowe (Stonevcroft, Liverpool), Mr. and Mrs. Teece (White Hart), "Old friends," 'Customers in the vault," Mrs. Harry Brown and family, Mr. and Mrs. Woods (Penketh), Mr. J. H. and Mrs. Houghton (Mersey-street), Miss Ada Deakin, "Bar window friends," Mr. William Brown and family (Seven Stars), Miss Lily Glenve, "The maids from the Roebuck," Councillor and Mrs. Sankey, Mr. and Mrs. Rhoden, Mr. John Lewis and Jack (Altrincham), Mr. A. Curtis Sparkes (Altrincham), Mr. Harry Chrimes and family, Mr. and Mrs. C. Hughes (Stockton Heath),. Mr. and 10 rs. J. Isaac (Liverpool), Mr. Harry Ashton and brother, Mr. J. Chrimes (Liverpool). Alderman and Mrs Evans, Mrs. Chesters and family, Miss Chrimes, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. and Mrs LOWP Mr. Roeerq " NlernWrs ••• • • of the K.0.H.T.," Mr. and Mrs. Munn, Mr. and Mrs. George Wright, and "Jim and Duncan."

===== 0002601_19050603_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DERBY.

This annual event resulted on Wednesday as follows: —Cicero Ist, ;lardy 2nd, S;gnori no 3rd. Time as taken by Benson's Chronograph :-2 Mifl9., 39 3-5 secs. This is a record for the Derby. Time last year 45 4-5 4-5 secs.

Lady Hnldon has kindly permitted, in the interests of the nation, publication of her' personal experience lathe article entitled "Beautiful English Peeress," printed on page 3. fleadsrs will appreciate the generous spirit that has prompted her ladyship to make this statement confirming as it does the opinion repeatedly expressed by tho public generally.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 3, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND GLEANINGS.

Iv alarm for telling the presence of illuminating gas or fire-damp in the atmosphere has been brought before the Academy of Sciences, Paris. It is really a balance of precision, which weighs the air under test against an equal quantity of normal air.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
POST-MORTEM HEART-BEAT.

Hearts of cold-blooded animals will beat for a comparatively long time after death or removal from the body (if kept cool and moist), because of powerful internal collections of nerves, known as ganglia, whose automatic impulses cause the regular contractions of the muscles. Similar ganglia exist in man and other warm-blooded animals, but their action is less prolonged. A turtle's heart, after removal, has been known to beat thirty-six or even forty-eight hours; twelvo or fourteen hours is a common record.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
A RADIO-ACTIVE METAL.

A mineral found in Ceylon possesses, according to Professor Dunstan and Mr. G. S. Blake, radio- active properties. Its crystals are more or less cubical in shape, black, rather lighter than silver, and about as hard as rock crystal. As the mineral, called Thorianite, contains 80 per cent, of thorium oxide, it has considerable commercial value. The remainder is chiefly uranium oxide, with a little of two other rare earths and lead. Thorianite is helium radio-active, and when dissolved evolves helium, into which one of the emanations from radium, now almost priceless, has been proved to change.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
SAHARAN VOLCANOES.

Another feature of the remoter history of the Sahara has been revealed. We know that bra desert abounds with traces of an ancient system of irrigation, which the late Cardinal Lavigeria con- templated restoring. We also know now, on the authority of the eminent explorers Foureau and Geatil, that the desert is thickly studded with extinct volcanoes, ancient and modern. The basaltic remains of the Grand Erb and the many basaltic peaks of the Adrar are mentioned. But the most remarkable case is that of the Air district, where over a territory of ninety-three miles in extent many volcanic peaks are met with, recent enough to shew the craters well preserved.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
VARYING SIGHT IN THE TWO EYES.

It has often been mentioned that some people have for years had one eye blind without knowing it. Mr. Aitchison, a well-known optician, says he has found no such case during his testing of more than 100,000 persons. Many sufferers —and many, too, who think their sight perfect— have a greater visual acuity in one eye than in the other. With regard to the respective power of the right and left eye, Mr. Aitchison finds that a person occupied in writing all day has, as a rule, stronger vision in the left. Writing with the right hand, and his left arm resting on the table, his left eye is nearer his work, and its vision is more concentrated. Mr. Aitchisoa holds that our race will never become so shortsighted as the German whilst football, cricket, tennis, ,hockey, &c., are encouraged in our public schools.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO FERTILISE SWAMP LANDS.

Black swamp lands, seemingly rich in plant food, are often unproductive after being reclaimed a few years. Many of them contain large quantities of nitrogen and plenty of phosphoric acid, but are lacking in potash. The potash which was formerly in the peat and vegetable matter, which go to make up these lands, has been largely washed out in the drainage waters. Experiments in certain soils shew that the addition of potash has brought marvellous returns, and is the only element needed in such soils to produce profitable crops. In one instance the application of a ton per acre gave an increase of over thirty bushels of corn the first year, and in eleven years the gain over the natural soil amounted to nearly 600 bushels per acre. One test shewed that without potash no grain was produced, but 2001 b. muriate of potash per acre gave thirty-six bushels of corn while potash with nitrogen and phosphoric acid produced a yield of sixty bushels.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
FIREFLY v. ELECTRIC LIG lIT.

Concluding a course of lectures at the Royal Institution on "Flame," Sir James Dewar exhibited a tabalar statement shewing the small amount of light, compared with the energy expended, which the best of human appliances yield, and how utterly man is beaten by the firefly. The figures stand somewhat as follow: •

_ P.c. of Non-luminous Light. Energy, Candle ... 2 ... 98 Oil 2 ... 98 Coal gas 2 ... 98 Incandescent lamp ... 3 ... 97 Arc lamp Magnesium lamp ... 15 ... 85 Cuban firefly ... 99 ... 1 In the economy of light the little phosphorescent beetle of the Eastern or Western Archipelagos is easily first. If we could produce light as efficiently, either by gas or electricity, millions of tons of coal would be saved in Britain every yesr.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT BECOMES OF THE MICROBES?

As most, if not all, of the more impor ant diseases are to-day being ascribed to microbes, the question naturally arises, when a person dies of contagious disease, as to what becomes of the germs that caused his death, and that abound in his body? The subject has been largely investigated by Dr. Klein. of Germany, who has buried the bodies of infected animals for stated periods, and then examined them fcr grrm life. The doe or concludes as follows: The bacillus prodiyosus and the se. phylococcus curses are found living in dead bodies twenty-eight days after interment. Lenges stay under ground kills thorn; after six weeks no culture develops. The bacillus of cholera lives nineteen days, but does not preserve its reproductive powers after eighteen days. The resistance of Ebettli's bacillus (typhoid) is nearly the same. 'I he germ of plague is always alive after seventeen days of burial, but not after three weeks. The bacillus of consumption does not survive the person it has killed.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
TO PREVENT RAILS FROM SPREADING.

An ingenious device, designed by Mr. G. W. North, traffic manager of the North Wales Narrow Gauge Railway, the scope of which is to prevent railroad metals spreading under the influence of atmostheric heat, and thereby eliminate accidents attributable to this cause, comprises a fiat iron bar which is attached over the ties but under the metals. There are two iron struts fitting outside the rails and under the .heulder forged on the bar. The struts are at an angle, and constructed so as to tit the bottom outside flange of the rail. Inside the rails there is a clip piece of wrought iron fitting closely over the inner side flanges, having struts on both inner and outer rails, so that on any curve the railroad cannot spread outward or the gauge become altered. The danger on railways, especially on curves, is the tendency of the rails to spread at the head, thus widening. the distance between the rails, and unless constant vigilance is maintained at well points a derailment is bound to occur 6o:mer or later.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
VISION OF DEEP SEA FAUNA.

As we go further and further down into the great depths of the see, which may reach 28,0001 t. to 30,000 it., the temperature diminishes and tends to approach zero, whilst the light , grows rapidly li ebler, until I elow 1,2130 ft., remarks 7Mr. E. B6richard in Cc 51,105, it no longer penetrates; there is eternal darkness. Plants, not heing able to grow without light, disappear at this level; as a first consequence of lite in tho darkness all animal life found below it must be carniVorous: there also result important modifications in the orgzans of vision. By the side ,of creatures deprived ft Bence of sight we have others provided with huge organs of vision. The crustacean chrycophorus, carnivorous swimmer, with enormous eyeA, has luminous organs !attached to these: two others mantent the upper part of the thorax, and still another pair the ventral surface. The structure of these latter organs is complex; they include essen- tially a reflector, shaped like a horseshoe, and a lens to concentra m. Ibo light. The organ that is attached to the eye is lees complex, having no lens, but only a parabolic reflector. Among the tiShvE these special organs are not less minien.us and varied; in the stumiades there is a double set of luminous organs, cute set being ly the side of the lishing-filaments. The function or tim organs that accompany the eyes is to illuminate the surround. iug space tl unthle tho animal to perceive ita prey.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
For PILES

PROLTECTUSES, BA LA NCH SHEETS. and Reports of all kinds, R ULE BOOKS and CONTRIBUTION CARDS for RINISIDLY hOCIRTIRS, ac.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON

al 1 a wonderful water prcolt‘r. fo I Dales' DIMS d HARNR,S. dot- tens and preserves the 'Naha' Phaeant odour allow Wish. lug with blacking. GOLD - MEDAL HiHIBITIO 3 11MM Hsi AW A ,1.. Ellu in ga,,ards:.36'ad2.ll;;.t, 67,1 mete fs8r;:: Leaden

===== 0002601_19050603_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
,keetbras'

CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AMP SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softeng and Removes all hard callositieo on th Folee of the foet. If you suffer try a box, you will never regret it. Boxes if of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Son, Chemists, Cheltenham

• lhatries Nautical Training College •• WORCESTER... Oil Greeffiltthe, :decades Boys for Officers the Merchant Service. Naval Cadet‘hip, voted annvilly and appumtments to

PS4 W. W. BULLIVANT. ll3fl.t)Cc. Mark Laue. I..ondan. E.C.

MERRY WEATHER'S ~....., CLASS , •,, NEJON-;. 6 3 LONC, ACF,ILL° CARDEN HOSE ' LARGEST MAKERS OF H 1 di-i• CLASS t 105.. IN TIlEt WORLC),,', - _ N' 1/4414,1 Tr - ~,,,?..;,,,, ~ ,otomitasret

===== 0002601_19050603_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
\O;'"-1

'

p

Handy to have in the House.

A box of BEECHAM'S PILLS is a handy thing to have in the house, and if a dose is taken at the moment of need much illness will be saved.

Any trouble arising from derangement of the digestive organs is quickly set right by

't"%i

===== 0002601_19050603_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
, ' 9 I _ a 0 li

This unrivalled medicine will do more to build up robust health and maintain it than any other remedy. They are unequalled for

SLUGGISH LIVER,

SICK-HEADACHE,

INDIGESTION,

LOSS OF APPETITE,

COnSTIPATION.

Sold everywhere In boxes, prk_

SPECIALLY SUITABLE

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regtiding Speciality. Largeet of Mouldings in the Kingdom. 6end for PA.TTSRN BLOK. 163 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMI'OEIIIII OF 9LASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FREE ON APPLICATION.

H. MORELL, 171

18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.C.

Warehouse. : 11, 12:aud 13, Neale Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (in the rear). Telegraphic Addreae: —" Habbitry, London." Telephone 6135 Central

..... ..,....„u; , ROWN -V' - I : •t 1 ) usESSif „ 4 . . ,RoKERs HD

VALUEViS,

Estab:ishzd 1375.

If you want to buy a genuire Business, or require a partner, from £5 to £5,0009 in Liverpool and District—consult us. NO SALE. NO CHARGE.

34, South John Street, VERPOOL. Lo rd Streets LI

pLACARDS. EXTRA LARGE SIZE OUR. (speciality. TRADE PRIMING of every description.

POSTERS A SPECIALITY. JOHN WALKER & CO. LISI'S Printed on card or paper Plua- rated. if required.

BLEPHONE No. 355 Y.

PROGRAMMES FOB FETES,

CONCERTS SOIREES BALLS

TEL PARTIES

SERMONS MEETINGS &c.,

BOOKBINDRBS.

PAPER RULERS, ac..

JOHN WA LK 3ft & CO.

RULES PRINTED end BOUND for Oldfello Foresters, Druids. Shepherds' Sick, Burial. and Trade Societies.

hiIiNIORANMA AND ARTICLES or ASSOCIATION TRUST DERDS AND SHARE CERTIFICATES f XI,CUTHI) AT SHORT NoTICFR. EPoitTS AND BALANCO- - E PAMPHLETS, TRADE CATALOGUE,' AND ORNbRAL PRINTING OF IsVERY DESCRIPTION AT JOHN WALKER & CO.,

kV. 15. ' ~.. .• i !:t,i.„-,,,,,,, :''''244.4.(*4:olPodPiN tiF"l/4ti.,,,,14.,, \ ',lL...kg:lkt ',- -"-'c•-••-.4,t•L:I:tz!rb\ • ..:4 ~,f.4....,,--4,-7.,--; ',,..:'%,:,•'''%' ' i, ."'.*.g.:Lk.i.".•:.----=- W,1,..' ~,f7%,,4 ~,. : e=. r AL.••••• , ~...... FOR FEMALES OF ALL ACES. A ..------....--- rce I. fl (56 pills) & 219 (168 pills). N --"winfattos._ LI .516 W-A —aale

===== 0002601_19050603_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
fiX&MINIIR OFFICE.

DEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ALL KINDS OF NEAT

I IRCCLkRS in the neatest style. from morltra typ-, and of the beet workmanship.

ANDBILL.R. in leTa or mall quantitits. and etrwtire.

MN PAPERS for SOloolia, Sermone, :ervices, nf Fong. Festivals, &a

ptiuotiAM fnr hntert ainrnents, Concerte. kc ,Ii the latest artistic etylo.

SieKl EcKI vT, and t'UBSCRIP lON BOOKS Printed. Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

:',.LcilbTlircadeesnmdenP, mate Librariem CATA LOAGulict7ognefeor:

INVOJCKS. Ruled or Maio. printed to any Siva or tottteta on b'ne, white or knry paper

QPFCTM fsc•lin,s for all kinds of EDUCATIONAL Li WONKS.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.! NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication most in ell cases send their IIiiMPS and addresses to the Editor, as a guarantee of good faith.

The English Sunday Closing Bill. Sir —I read, with mingled feelings," The Manchester Guardian's" report of the debate on this Bill, la the House of Commons on Friday last, and the very first thing that struck me was the paucity of the members present. Although the measure was of the highest im- portance, only 222, or about one third of the whole of the representatives of the people, found it convenient to grace the proceedings with their presence. There is nothing very remarkable in this however, for it is well- known that whenever any attempt is made in Parlia- ment to uphold the honour of God and thereby promote the vital interests of the nation,our members, to a large ' extent, keep away from the House, feeling,probably, an aversion to such work. Of the 222 members who put in an appearance on the present occasion, only 108 voted for the Bill and 114 against it, the measure being thus thrown oat by a majority of six. And the result need not surprise us when we consider the low tone of the speeches that were made for and against the Bill. The advocates for Sunday Closing based their action mainly on the good results that such a measure had produced in Scotland, Ireland and Wales, while their opponents condemned the shutting of the houses as an infringe- ment of theliberty of the workingman. The publican and his assistants mast lose•their rest day and violate the law of God at the same time in order that this man may enjoy his beer fresh and sparkling from the tap! I hope and believe that the great bulk of our working men would indignantly repudiate such an abominable doctrine as this! It is well known to the policeand to the publicans themselves that it is not the sober and intelligent portion of the working clas es who frequent the top rooms on Sundays and create dis- order in the streets. But no Balfonr, Campbell Banner- man, or other stalwart politician appeared on the scene to lift the discussion out of the miserable rut in which it floundered, and remind his hearers that there is a law of God, read in the churches every Sunday, which pro- kibits work.of all kinds -from being done on the seventh day. And did not the debaters know that, to the credit and advantage of Englishmen,thislaw was very generally obeyed, the brewers and politicans being amongst the most prominent exceptions. And why should these exceptions be tolerated? there something so saprernely good in intosicatingliquors that their manu- facture and sale on Sundays should be permitted to override the law of God! The men who carry on the occupation that are necessary for the anstainment and comfort of human life are glad when Sunday comes round that they may have a whole day's rest from their labours. And nobody asks or compels them to forego that inestimable and heaven appointed boon. But the' brewers and publicans whose wares stimulate and minister to our lowest and most degrading passions are authorised by the Government of a Christian country to absorb the whole week in their operations ! This is a national sin which is slowly but surely sapping the very foundations of society, and preparing the way for a terrible end. And my conviction is that, next to our legislators who are the prime offenders in the matter, the ministers of nearly all denominations are responsible for it. They know that drinking, but especially Sunday drinking, dishononrs God, baffles their efforts to improve the conditions of society and entails an incalculable amount of suffering and sorrow upon all classes of .neople. But with folded hands and wondering eyes they look on the scene, and make no effort, worthy of the name, to stay the plague.—Yours truly, May, 1905.

lONA.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
The Toleration of Churchmen.

Sir,—l think, judging from the tone of the discussion upon the observance of Holy days, that there is a dis- position to give the whole subject a fair consideration. If I have spoken of the importance of the Education Committee keeping within their own sphere in matters of this kind, it is not from any desire to reflect in any invidious way upon the action of the committee, as I am well aware of the peculiar difficulties that such questions present. When it is said that 'the authority of the Education Committee must be supreme," I take it that what is meant is that it is supreme within the province assigned to it by the Act of Parliament which called it into being, an Act which must itself be construed in a way not to violateany of the great principles which are now part of the constitution of the couatry. The attempt on the part of the committee to assume anything of the nature of spiritual jurisdiction would be a distinct violation of a prin- ciple which is founded in the Common Law. Parlia- ment has also itself by distinct enactment laid down in the Toleration Acts the principle that everybody is permitted to believe and worship as they please ; and it is no use any body or any person trying to get behind that principle. Parliament in adopting this principle virtually abdicated for itself all spiritual juris- diction, in other words it surrendered its right to interfere with the inner government of any religious body so long as such body did nothing illegal. For example Parliament could not now— mean could not consistently attempt—to make the bye- laws of the Wesleyan Conference or any other similar religious body. Loosely speaking we are apt to say that Parliament can do anything. It would be much nearer the truth to say that Parliament can attempt anything ; and if it attempted anything unwise it might end in failure. For example it might attempt to make rules regulating the practice of medicine, in a way the medical authorities did not approve. It is needless to say that any such attempt at legislation would be perfectly futile. Here comes in the application of the old legal maxim enilibei in arta sea peril() credenduat est. Parliament itself must keep within the bounds of reason and within the limits of the principles it has itself deliberately adopted; and Committees acting under the authority of Parlia- ment must be similarly careful to keep within their sphere ; otherwise they may find themselves spending the ratepayers' money in unnecessary law suits. It can- not be too strongly impressed upon your readers that everyone in this country is now free to believe and worship as he pleases ; that it is an accepted principle of the constitution ; and it is no use anyone attempting under any pretext to evade its operation. And this of course carries with it the right of the parent to have his children educated in the faith that he himself professes —a privilege that is not affected by the fact that a large part of the expense of Education is now thrown upon the rates. If our liberties were to be circumscribed afresh every time there was a new incidence of taxa- tion we should very soon have no liberties at all. If people who send their representatives to the Town Council empowered to levy rates, think themselves at liberty to refuse to pay them when they have been levied, then anything like popular representative government is at an end. And with regard to the privilege of which I speak, namely the free exercise of oar religion, it belongs to the smallest religious body in the country whose contribution to the exchequer is of the smallest as well as to the larger bodies whose con- tribution is large in proportion. The principle is clear, and it is not to be obstructed by certain people who complain that it compels them to pay an extra ss. a Tear in the shape of rates. I should have thought that ihe piisssive resisters, judging from their professions, would have willingly paid a few shillings extra a year to further the principle of toleration rather than spend money in obstructing it. Nor is the principle of toleration satisfied by adopting a view of education acceptable only to the secular party, and expecting everybody else to fall in with that view. It is not to be satisfied with anything less than every loyal subject of the Sovereign being perfectly free to act and think for himself and his family in all matters of religious conviction. No religious body has a right to coerce another, and a man with secular views has no more right to expect people with different opinions to fall in with his methods, than a Teligions man has to expect the secular man to fall in with his methods. The principle I Ray is clear, though I admit the practical application of the principle may not always be so easy; but surety difficulties that have been sur- mounted io nearly all our School Boards may be expected to disappear even with ourselves if considered in a reasonable spirit, and only the friends of toleration co-operate. I notice that Mr. Monks in his letter—with much of which Tam quite in agreernent—refers to " Ecclesiastics who base their refusal to comply with the requirements of the Education Committee on the higher authority of the Church." I presume the members of the Church of Rome are here intended, as they are the only eccle- siastics that I know of that do not limit the authority of the Church to matters spiritual. It 4, however, a curious thing that these peculiar claims of the Roman Church have actually received a certain amount of recognition from the Warrington Education Committee. • I am &c.,

E. C. E. CARLETON.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Cricket.

Warrington enjoyed a relaxation from League cricket on Saturday when they engaged in a friendly match with Bollington at Arpley. The weather con- ditions were ideal for the summer sport, and an interesting afternoon's cricket was witnessed. The result was a draw, but no fault could be found with the Warringtonians who acquitted themselves exceed- ingly well. Batting first, they had lost only two wickets for the splendid total of 215 when the innings was declared. The visitors were also in a scoring mood and had responded with 104 with only 4 wickets down when the time limit was reached.

Mason, the Warrington professional, was the hero of the match. His innings was a really splendid dis- play, and realized 148 —beingonly three short of the i record for the club which s held by H. Tinsley, a former professional. Mason was at the wicket two hours, and his hard and clean hitting gave delight to the Warrington spectators. His chief hits included nineteen tours, six threes, and twelve two's—a notable performance.

P. B. Hawtin also exhibited fine form with the bat, and was not out with 54 to his credit. 114 made ,four bonndary strokes, and his display although suffering by comparison with Mason's, was, nevertheless praise- worthy. Left with nearly two hours in which to save the match, Bollington made good use of their opportuni- ties V. Hope made a long stand and was mainly res- ponsible for the draw, his score being 40 L. Haigh lalso gave valuable help, knocking up 35.

' Warrington 2nd were easily victorious at Bollington. The home team could do very little against the de- liveries ofit.ennett and Lowe who captured five wickets for 21 runs and five for 50 respectively. F. Pierpoint was foremost with the bat and compiled 57 in vigorous style, while E. E. Woods gave a meritorious display for his 41.

Sankey Wire Mills disposed of Winstanley Park in surprisingly easy fashion. Declaring their innings at 1115 for the loss of 7 wickets the Wire Mills applied themselves in no half-hearted style to the task of dismissing their opponents, and succeeded in getting them all out for 56. Woodcock (33) was the top scorer for the victors, while Burton bowled with deadly effect, taking four wickets for 16 runs.

Sankey Wire Mills second also registered a victory at the expense of St. Paul's. There was no tall scor- ing on either side, W. Lawless (20) for St. Paul's accomplishing tie best performance. ,

There was an exciting contest, between Cheshire Lines Engineers and fiewsey Wesleyans, and in the end the Engineers triumphed by .a margin of 3 runs. Duckworth batted splenedly for the winners,, his inn- ings producing 48 (not out). The same player also bowled in grand style, capturing 4 wickets for 6 runs, while Deeley took 4 for 15.

The Engineers' junior eleven were entertained at radgate Cottage Homes, and ddeated a team composed of officers arta:lays by 11 runs. The players sat down to a capital tea, and a thoroughly enjoyable afternoon and evening were spent.

The secondary School eleven have acquired a suit- able field at Padgate, but the.pitoh has not quite got into working order. The consequence was that the match with Widnes Juniors on Saturday was chiefly notable fur the great array of "ducks." The Secondary School triumphed thanks in a great measure to the bowling of Ifinards who captured five wickets for 4 runs.

st. James's accounted for Walkers Brewery 2nd by a margin of 10, the Rev. D. R. Davies being their highest scorer with 14.

Mersey-street defeated Fletcher RuaselFs, the match being remarkable for low scoring. Not a single player attained double figures.

Stretton and Appleton may account -themselves fortunate in not being defeated by Arley who were much the superior team but had not Oita time to capture their opponents' last wicket. J. V. Smith batted in grand style for 59.

• Grappenhall beat Lymm very easily the fine batting and the play by Wheen (46) being the feature of the match.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

Fearnhead are going strong for the championship of the Warrington and District League, as with four matches played they have captured the maximum number of points k the league table. Evidently the struggle is to lie between them and the Bull's Head team who with three matches 'played have recorded six points. Though it would not appear so from the league table the Church-street men hold a big Advan- tage having played two matches away from home against one played on a foreign green by the club which at present occupies the lead. '

On Saturday Fearnhead had an easy task, but one which did not prove as simple as many members of the club anticipated. It i,s confidently expected by them that they would improve their scoring average by obtaining al; balance of 100 points,as the result of the match with Penketh Park, and I was privately and seriously informed that that would be the extent of the defeat of the wooden-spoonists. As I anticipated, however, Penketh Park were smarting under the reverses of the previous Saturday, and although they did not win—it was not expected that they would they did the next best thing and played up in a manner which surprised their opponents, scoring within CO of the Fearnhead totd.

The Horse and Jockey team gave an extremely poor account of themselves on the Bulls Head Green. They are by no means an indifferent lot of trundlers and to lose all but two of the twelve games played speaks either badly for them or well for the winners. lam inclined to think the latter is the case. The Bull's Head players are undeniably a superior combination and though it is still early in the season I venture to assert that when bowling finishes for this year the Church-street men will figure on the top of the league table.

Last year the struggle lay between them and the Cemetery men but early this season the champions were in indifferent form. On Saturday they allowed 3 promise of redeeming their reputation by defeating the Horse and Jockey Club by 33 points The match was not without its surprise as at one state of the game the winners were in arrears. As has been the case on many occasions however, the rearguard asserted itself and pulled the match out of the fire,

In addition to the Horse and Jockey players the Sankey Club also fell victims to the Bull's Head men on the Church-street green, being defeated, by 83 points. Of their players five only reached double figures, two alone successfully accounting for their opponents.

The position of the clubs up-to-date is P. W. L. D. For. Agst. Pts. Fea rnhead 4 . 4 0 . 0 ...626 ...583 ... 8 Balls Head 4 3 1 . 0 ...641 —406 ... Cemetery 4 2 2 0 599 _554 4 Sankey 4 . 2 2 0 —.587 ...574 ... 4 Horse &Jockey 4 ... 1 ... 3 ... 0 ...496 ...627 ... 2 Penketh 4 . 0 4 . 0- —502 —658 ... 0

Two matches only are down for decision to-day and in each ease the home team should win. P,mketh Park will however have no light task in their game with Sankey, though they have the advantage of play- ing on their own green. Bull's Head entertain Fearnhead and a elose game should result, though the home team will win.

Moore Drowning Mystery, Mr. It. Dobson, coroner, held an inquest at Moore n Wednesday evening on the body of Patrick Mee, farm labourer, which wis recovered from the Bridge- water Canal on Tuesday afternoon. The deceased, it i The matches in connection with the first round of appeared, went out on Monday morning and nothing the Works Competition were not productive of much further was seen of him until Charles Dnnbobbin excitement as two out of the three games decided recovered the body. He had lately been low-spirited resulted in unusually easy victories. St. Helens "because a cousin of his had been drowned in Dublin. Cable Company were no match for Rylands netting lir. J. L. Jones, farmer, by whom the deceased was who at once took the lead and ran out winners by 74 employed, said Mee had on several occasions spoken points. Only three of their players won their games' to him about his cousin, who was drowned, and while none of the others reached double figures. After appeared to be very much depressed. There was no the first game Rylands held a lead of 10 points and truth in the report that deceased asked witness for an this lead was never once reduced throughout the game, advance of wages on Sunday. He merely came to being increased to one of 27 with half the players off him with the object of obtaining employment for the green. another man. There was no evidence to show how the deceased got into the water, and an open verdict Whitecross No. 1 had even an easier task than , svas returned, • Rylands' netting, in their match with the Castle

Rubber team. Starting with a lead of 13 the second game further improved their position to the extent of 14 points. The third game also went in their favour and 40 points separated the teams. G. H. Barton recorded the first victory for the Rubber men but his colleagues were unable to follow his example, though he was ably seconded by A. E. Burdett who recorded the second and last victory for Castle Rubber. The remaining games went in favour of Whitecross and in the end 102 points separated the teams.

A closer game was witnessed between Whitecross No. 2 and Rylands No. a, and in the end Rylands qualified for the second round. A lead of 10 points gained by Rylands after the first game, was three games later reduced to one of 6 points. J. Millman made a brave attempt to still further improve the position of the Whitecross team, and against J. T. Boardman peeled at 8, 13, and 14 being in the end defeated by the odd point. From this stage Rylands never looked. like losing, and gradually they took up a commanding position, ultimately winning by 32 points,

Two more matches inconnection with the first round will be played to-day. They are Fletcher's v. Forshaw's, and Howley Tannery v. Pearson and Knowles No. 1. The first round will be completed next Saturday and the second round will be commenced.

The question has been raised as to the advisability of presenting a consolation prize for clubs defeated in the 'first", round of the competition. The com- mittee has had the matter before them but as it has to be considered by a general meeting of the members it has been referred to the annual meeting of the Associa- tion, and probably next season some such scheme will be inaugurated.

Cycling The weather continues to favour the indulgence in out-door exercise and:as a result wheelers have been greatly in evidence. On Saturday about 20 members of the Warrington Cycling Club had an enjoyable run to Cranage, returning via Knutsford. On Tuesday a like number turned oat for the run toHalton Castle. A large section of the riders went nia Widnes with the object of crossing to • Runcorn by means of the new transporter bridge. On account of s breakdown in the machinery of the bridge they were however .doomed to disappointment and had to proceed to Runcorn by means of the old bridge. To-day tbe club ran is to Oulton Park and on Tuesday, Warburton will be visited.

Three youths. at Kersall Hill have been amusing themselves by placing tin-tacks on the highway and witnessing the discomfiture of cyclists and motorists whose tyres have been damaged in consequence. The police abruptly checked their little pranks by bringing them before the magistrates, and at Eddishury Petty Sessions on Monday they were mulcted in the costs. If the penalty has a deterrent effect, the police will have done something to earn the gratitude of the many wheelers who seek enjoyment in that part af Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 3, 1905.

MARRIAGE OF MR. S. TAYLOR, J.P. District Councillors and Guardians Entertained.

The members of- the Runcorn Rural District Council and Board of Guardians spent a highly enjoyable after- noon on Tuesday, when they were entertained at Dutton iby Mr. S. Taylor, Runcorn, n celebration of his recent marriage. Luncheon was served in the Board room at the Workhouse, some sixty gentlemen sitting down toan excellent repast, the catering of the Winmarleigh Can, Warrington, giving every satisfaction. After luncheon the time was pleasantly spent in speech- making and conviviality. The usual loyal toasts were honoured on the proposition of the Chairman.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

In proposing this toast Mr. Taylor said he had been a member of the Board.for many years and beet:mid assure them it had always been a pleasure to him to have been connected with the Board. Every question which had been brought before the Board had had careful con- sideration and been received with deep interest, especially questions affecting some unfortunate creatures who could not help themselves. The sympathy which had been shown in such cases had siv en him extreme pleasure. He hoped they would continue in the future as they had done in the past. They were sent there to guard the interest of the poor and he was sure it was a pleasure to them to do their duty. (Applause.) He coupled with the toast the names et the chair:lsm and vice-chairman. Mr. Norman was a most impartial chaii man and one who did not try to thrust his opinion down the throats of the other members of the Board. Mr. Baxter was an old member of the Board and he was sure everyone appreciated his work in connection with the Board. (Hear, hear.) He asked them to drink to the prosperity of the Board. The toast was heartily drunk. Mr. Norman in responding said he considered its high calling to represent the poor. He believed every mem- ber of the Board sympathised with the deserving cases which were brought before their notice. To some extent however their hands were tied but wherever they could stretch a point a little they did so. (Hear, hear.) He felt little credit was due to him for the manner in which the business was conducted but that I the credit was due to every member of the Board for tha support which they gave him. Death had visited their midst only recently and he hoped in the future that such visitations would be few and far between, but ,he hoped they would so order their lives that when the time did come they would be able to say they had done their duty. (Applause.) Mr. Baxter in returning thanks remarked that it I would be impossible to Bad a more popular man than their host and he was sure they hoped Mr. Taylor would live long to enjoy the company of Mrs. Taylor. I (Applause.) THE RURAL DISTRICT COIINCIL.

Mr. Taylor submitted the toast of the Rural District Council. He had had no experience of the work of the Council but from his knowledge of the work of the Board of Guardians, he was sure he was right when he said that the work of the Council was well carried out. He coupled with the toast the names of Mr. Woodward and Mr. Pilling.

The toast ha;ing been honoured, Mr. Woodward responded. Throughout the whole of Cheshire he did not think there was a single District Council more thorough in its work, and he did not think, if the Council had had the power of restrict- ing some expenses which had been incurred in recent years, that the public would be lamenting that expendi- ture as they were doing. He hoped they would continue to carry out the work as efficiently as they had done in the past. (Applause.) Mr. Pilling also briefly responded. The way the busi- ness was conducted by the District Council would, he thought, compare favourably with the conduct of busi- ness in any other part of the country. (Hear, hear)

===== 0002601_19050603_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GUESTS.

The toast was drunk on the proposition of Mr. Taylor, who coupled with it the name of Mr. P. J. Norman. Mr. Norman in responding said it had been a proud tradition of their family that they had always been con- nected with the work of Boards of Guardians, and he is pleased to think that his brother was so ably carrying out that tradition. He was sure they all wished Mr. Taylor long life and happiness and hoped that the con- cluding years of his life would be marked by calm and not by tempest. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19050603_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OFFICIALS.

The health of the officials was next drunk. In sub- mitting the toast Mr. Taylor spoke in high terms of the work of those gentlemen. In responding, Nit. G. F. Ashton gave some interest- ing statistics with regard to the Union. The greatest number of in-door paupers in one half-year, deal with by the Union was 245, and the least number 207—the latter being the number of paupers resident in the Workhouse during the past half-year. (Applause.) In out-relief the highest number dealt with was 1,026, and the lowest 738, the number last half-year being 768. The highest cost of inside paupers was £893, whereas last half-year it was £892. The greatest amount ever spent on out-relief in one half-year was £1,843. last half-year the sum spent is £1,638. Those figures were pleasing in view of the distress with the country. Last year the Board had been approached with regard to the establishment of relief works, but it was happily not found necessary to take such a step. Some remarks had been made about the cost of relief in Runcorn. In 1395 the sum spent was £2,410 in 1900 £2,125 and last year £2,025. People had complained about the poor tete being too high. Of that sum is. 3d. in the £ went to County expenses, sid. for education—(" slime ")—and 4,1 d. went to the poor. (Armlnuse.) Drs. Adams and McDoodle also responded. TH F: HOST. Mr. A. R. Normal, in submitting the heslth of Mr. S. Taylor, said they highly appreci ited Mr. Taylor's kind- ness on all occasions, and wish3d him and his wife long life and every happiness. (Applause). Mr. Woodward. Mr. Wright, and Mr. Spruce spoke to the toast, which was received with musical honour:. Mr. Taylor responded in a brief and humorous Speech, and shortly afterwards the proceedings concluded with the singing of the National Anthem. During tho afternoon songs were given by Mr. Smith and Mr. Cook,aod a humorous recitation by Mr. Hallows.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
MISSED A MILLION.

Richari Roberts, the old man who was discovered last week, atter twelve years search, to be the next of of kin and belt to a large fortune, alleged to exceed a million pounds, left by his uncle at Malvern Wells, died yesterday at Durham after two days' illness. Roberts leaves a widow and two step•daughters.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL ACTIVITY.

WARD COMMITTEES ENTERTAINED AT THE CLUB.

Mr. Howes Replies to Mr. /R. Pierooint M.P.

The enthusiasm of local Liberals was again shown on 1 Saturday when the Bewsey and Orford Ward Committees were entertained to tea at the club. An excellent repast was served. The subsequent proceedings were of an enjoyable character, speech-making being pleasingly interspersed with song. Mr. Owen presided and there were also present Councillors P. Peacock, and Wilkin- son? Messrs. J. Howes, J. A. J. Morton, and J. Howes, junior. Songs were given by Messrs. Tynan and Walker and Mr. E. A. Sanders pleased the audience with a number of excellent hnmourous recitations. Mr. J. Howes, jun., acted as accompanist. The CHAIRMAN remarked that the time was not far distant when they would have to fight. In Mr. Crosfleld they had a splendid prospective candidate and one of whom they need not be ashamed. (Applause.) In his opinion Mr. Crosfleld was fully conscious of the require- ments of the workingman. At the present time we heard a great deal of labour representation, but to his mind, and he had had a few years experience the Liberal_ policy was the best for the working- men. He had found that out from his own experience. (Applause.) The Liberal party were a Progressive party and meant to go ahead, and the views of any Liberal candidate were bound to fall in with the views of the Labour party. When the time arrived he hoped they would stand shoulder to shoulder as they had done in the past, and he did not think Mr. Crosfleld would be far behind. (Applause.) Councillor P. PEACOCK did not think thatthere would be an election,tiais year. He was of the opinion that the present Government would stick to their salaries for I another year, as Mr. Balfour and his relations knew perfectly;well that after the general election they would be out a office. (Applause). Mr. HowEs at the outset of a brief address explained that Mr. Crosfleld would have been present bad be not been detained in London on business. The Liberal party in Warrington, he continued, as a fighting force appeared to be in excellent trim and so far as he had been able to ascertain the Ward- Committees were not only numerous but seemed to be earnest and full of enthusiasm and zeal. If they had enthusiasm and unity they could win the seat at the next election. (Applause.) The responsibility would rest upon every one's shoulders. It was not going to be a one man show. They had an excellent prospective candidate but the best of candidates could not win by himself. He (Mr. Howes) would be the political agent but it is not the election agent who would win. To claim the victory it required the intelligent work of energetic committees, such as were present that night. At the next election there would be a great many seats won for the Liberal party but no seat was more important than Warrington. The fact that the electorate of the town was composed mostly of workingmen would cause their friends in London to look anxiously towards Warrington. It was expected that Lancashire would go strong as DO county in the whole country would suffer more than Lancaahire by the adoption of Mr. Chamber- lain's proposals. Therefore the Liberal party were looking to Lancashire for strong support and it would be a sad thing if every other district returned a Liberal and Warrington were to he left in the cold. He would not talk about being left in the cold as the only ques- tion was as to what the Liberal majority would be. (Applause.) He noticed that Mr. R. Pierpoint,lVLP., speaking about the fiscal question at a Conservative gathering on Monday evening, said "he confessed that if he wanted advice on matters of manufacture, he would ntinitely rather have the opinions of half-a-dozen of the ierninent manufacturers of Warrington than he would have the opinion of an equal nnmber of young gentle- men who belonged to the aristocratic families and who had no actual connection with business or commerce." No better argument could be used for sending Mr. Pierpoint to the right-about (Applause). Mr. Pierpoint was not connected with business, and he informed the electors that the best thing they could do was to send a business man to the House of Commons to deal with the fiscal question. (Applause.) "As his -hearers were aware," continued Mr. Pierpoint, "there were difficulties in the way under the present arrangements of getting their manufactured goods into foreign countries, owing to the high walls of tariff which were erected against them." To-day we ' had a greater foreign trade than any other country in the world in proportion to our population. We were now sending out a larger amount than any other nation, and we had a perfect right to record that fact to our being free traders. (Applause.) Before the introduction of Free Trade, wages in this country were low and prices were high where as since the application of the modern principle of free trade the prosperity of the people had increased and they had enjoyed far better times than under the old system. If free trade were wrong and protection right it followed that other countries would be in a better position than we were, and until Mr. Chamberlain could point to a single country in the world which was bet ter than we were we would be very foolish to adopt his policy. (Applause). Mr. Pierpoint proceeded to give figures as to the number of workingmen out of employment in England as compared with the number in Germany. He would not accuse Mr. Per- point of wilfully intending to deceive his hearers but say he did not know the real facts. Mr. Pierpoint proved his statement by giving trade union statistics but neglected to point out that while in this country we had an enormous number of trade unions in Germany there were very few organized trades. If Mr. Pierpoint would only take the blue book issued by the present government, he would find that the percent- age ofl unemployed in England was lower than in any protected country in the world. (Applause.) Mr. Pierpoint proceeded to refer to the Aliens Bill. It was a curious thing that the great Tory Government with their immense majority accused the weak Liberal party of being able to wreck their bills. The truth of the matter was that it was never the intention of the Con- servative Government to carry their original bill which like the present one was merely a bit of window dress- ing. (Applause.) The position of the Liberal party was clear. The Liberal members in the House of Commons had always expressed their readiness to help the Tories to I Pass a bill to exclude from this country criminal and diseased sliens,but what they insisted upon was that the I port should not be closed against the alien refugee who was fleeing from political injustice In his own land. No Bill framed on those lines would receive the support of It was not, however, tnheecesLisbareyrall, op aprats sy . a(Abipinilatuseo e./c ludo the criminal and diseased that because the law at present evoked ports to such aliens. Moreover country was very small as compared with the total tuhae to nunmlobseer our who remained in this aliens who came here. If Aliens had been excluded years ago a great many industries would not have existed in this country. Mr. Pierpoint asked why we objected to Aliens and answered his own question by saying "because they lowered the wages of our own people, undersold our labour, not so much in the skilled trades as in common labour, worked longer hours than our own people and were content to live on simple food which was below our standard." What could be said in reply to a statement like that comitig from a member of a party who had sanctioned the introduction of Chinese Labour into South Africa. If Aliens were to be excluded from England because they lowered wages why should they not be excluded frord South Africa? If the Government were in favour of the introduction of aliens into South Africa in otcler to increase the wealth of a few alien millionaires, and to cheapen the labour ut that colony. what argument had they against the introduction of aliens into other parts of the empire. The Aliens Bill was the greatest fraud by a fraudulent Government, whose leader declined to give a clear answer to a clear question, and was responsible for a disgraceful scene which had lowered the prestige of our name, and who would drag the honour of England in the gutter unless he was speedily dismissed from office. (Applause.) Mr. Pierpoint went on to refer to our foreign policy and said We have been on the verge of war and one trembled to think what would have taken place if the management of foreign affairs had been placed in inexperienced hands." That was said by the member of a party whose leader in the middle of a great crisis In the South African war went to Man- chester and said the man in the street knew more about the matter than he did. There never was a time when the foreign affairs of England were so badly managed as they had been by the present administration. (Applause.) Those utterances by Mr. Pierpoint would be used as tests aglinst that gentleman who was utterly incapable of representing the constitn- ency and who said that a business man was more to be depended upon. (Applause.) Councillor WILKINSON spoke strongly in favour of free trade, contrasting the position of the labourer in England with the labourer in Germany. .In England he explained the poorest paid labourer was the agricul- tural workman who received 17s. per week. In eidrewtuitrnhe a d Germany the workman had to keep himself and his family on 25 per cent less. (Applause.) At the coming election Orford Ward, and he was sore the other wards of the town would work together shoulder to shoulder " gMrera.tesrlcmliaijnonriit; than n they sfiCr o on the last occasion when the Liberal party in War- rington met with success. (Applau.se.) woutlhderyetdtircirn Mr.

SEVERELY BITTEN BY AN OTTEft. The Carlisle Otter Hounds had one of the finest day's sport ever experienced with the pack on the Ribble on Wednesday. An otter was located on the Hodder, and for upwards of half an hour it was in the open, with the hounds in full cry after it, both up and down the stream. Several times it sought refuge, and after a terrific struggle with the terriers, had to be dug out, one gentle- man being severely bitten in the hand in the operation. The otter then gave a run down stream, and before it was killed the hunt had lasted three hours. The otter weighed 121 b.

===== 0002601_19050603_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ADVENTUROUS TRIP.

A STORY OF THE NEW BRIDGE.

[By Thos. Saunders.]

The noise and bustle attendant on the opening of the Transporter Bridge had died away. Even the crowds that had flocked to the heights of the neighbouring railway bridge, to look upon the car as it journeyed to and fro suspended in mid-air, had gradually lessened until now you might count them at a glance. The man who had not made the journey across the new bridge was a rarity ; and even among women those who could not boast a similar experience were only the aged; and some timid spinsters. Somehow or other it leaked out at the club, that I had never made this passage. At once I became the object of the members' curiosity, and many were the shafts of ridicule hurled at me. _ _ _

I stood it well for a time, for I felt they would never understand me unless they stood in my shoes and possessed my inborn timid nature. But the sarcasm of certain members began to be unbearable, and I felt that I must either cross the new bridge or cease attending the club.

After one particular night of more than the average banter. I passed along the street to my home determined that another day should not dawn and me not have crossed the river in the car of the new Transporter.

I hastily swallowed my supper, then made my way towards the new bridge. It Ve as pitch dark, and, as T listened to the clock of the old church strike the hour of midnight, I could see the lights of the car as it once more neared our side of the river. Then I heard it slide smoothly into its berth, and my heart gave a huge bound for I knew that the time had arrived when I must set foot upon it if I intended to carry out my purpose. I was not in the frame of mind to hold intercourse with anyone, and at the sound of footsteps I slunk into a doorway, while the workmen who had just arrived by the car passed on their way home. Then I crept noise- lessly down the roadway of the bridge and took my seat. I sat in the furthermost corner, and sincerely wished that not another soul would occupy the com- partment that journey. The lights at the top of the towers were only turned half on, yet I could plainly see familiar objects of the landscape. To ray right was the monstre railway bridge, while to my left was the graceful spire of All Saints' Church. Then, as I brought my gaze to the in- side of the car again, I shuddered as I remembered where I sat. I would have given anything in exchange for an easy mind. As I thought of the dead in the neighbouring graveyard, I envied them their resting-place. Thus and thus were my thoughts when I saw the door of the car move cautiously along its sliding way. In another minute the figure of a woman had crept inside and taken the corner nearest the door. She was closely muffled, and even had I wished, I could not have discovered her identity. I resigned myself to fate, as I thought, and wished for ' the start to be made. I could bear the intrusion of this one quiet woman, but another would make me post- pone my journey to some future day. I was gradually working myself into a state of hysteria at the delay. How I wished that I had stayed until the moment in my hiding place in the doorway. Just then the muffled figure in the corner made a movement and partly uncovered her head. She was evidently greatly distressed, and nursed beneath her cloak a small bundle of humanity. My sympathy was aroused, for as I looked upon her, I saw tears fall upon the bundle she held closely to her breast. Whilst I wondered what was the cause of her trouble, I did not wish to pry into it, so turned my eyes away again. Perhaps an indifferent husband, who had caused her at this midnight hour to search for him in his drunken haunts, yet forced to return without him. I had always been opposed to drunkenness, but, as I dwelt upon the wrongdoing of this imaginary bad husband, I thought it would be a pleasure to see him sink beneath the black waters of the river. Had she appealed to me at that moment for help against him, I would willingly have walked off the car and gone in search of the neglectful spouse. But it was not to be: I must needs be content to silently sympathise and alternately cast furtive glances in her direction. How she hugged her wee bit of comfort to her, and kissed passionately the shawls that encircled its tiny head. She was unmindful of my presence, and even when I coughed as a hint of my , whereabouts, she took no further notice. Once I heard a little cry, as if in her affection for it she had held her charge too tightly. Instantly she was soothing the little sufferer by increased caresses, and] rocked it backwards and forwards. _ _

"Hush! hush! my little pet, I will not hurt you ; give me another kiss." And, bending lower, she kissed the bundle of shawls as if it held all the treasure the world contained for her. At that moment the signal was given to start, and we began to float noislessly over the waters of the river. As though the movement of the car reminded her of her surroundings, she looked across my way and our eyes met. She was a woman of over forty years. Once she had been a most beautiful creature, but lines of care were making sad havoc of a face made to bewitch. Again, I silently placed bad wishes upon the head of the unknown husband.

We were now passing quickly over the river, and were soon opposite one of the stone pillars of the railway bridge. I turned my eyes away from my solitary com- panion, for I thought that my persistent gaze might pain her. But as often happens, an unknown influence caused me to turn my eyes in her direction again. I was surprised to see her standing opposite the open window on the other side of the car. Her back was turned towards me, yet I could see that she was still engaged in kissing and dropping tears upon the wee creature she nursed so assiduously. A spell was upon rue, I could not take my eyes from the muffled form. In an instant, and when we were about fifty yards from the other side of the river, she raised the bundle high in her arms, and. before I could utter a word she had flung it through the open window into the river beneath.

I was horrified. I rose from my seat and then stood like one petrified. She was walking quietly back to her seat in the corner. This roused my blood to fever heat, and, quickly striding to where she sat, I stood before her and hissed out :

" You had woman ! You have drowned your baby." And at the sound of my own voice, I fancy I could hear the 1 ast gurgles of the drowning infant. Instead of answering me', she buried her face in her hands and wept copious floods of tears. Placing my hand upon her shoulder I spoke again. "Woman," I said, do you know what you have done ?"

She looked up as if that was the first time she had heard my voice. With a tone vibrating with sorrow, she said :

" She was sick and dying, and I could not boar to look upon her. She had been my only source of com- fort, and I could not see my darling die." My heart was strangely moved, for the woman before me had evidently acted as she thought for the best. Then there loomed up before my mind's eye,the horrible crime I had witnessed. I was in a dilemma. Should give this woman into custody, and thus add the " last straw ?" Or should I allow her to go free, and thus aid and abet a mnrderess ? At this moment the car glided into its berth and all was still'

I had reached the door with the intention of hastily leaving this atmosphere of crime, when, as I turned, I saw the woman sitting quietly in the corner as if she would make the return journey. Touch. ing the conductor lightly upon the shoulder, I whispered into his ear the story of the crime I had just witnessed. He stared at me as if he thought I had been drinking ; but when I pointed to the silent figure inside he evidently thought there might be something in what I had told him, for he pulled me into the shadow while I gave him further particulars. As .I conclude', he muttered to himself : .

" Well, well hardly been running a month when a woman makes my car the scene of a murder." Then turning to me he said : " You must stand by the door of the car to see she doesn't escape, while I bring the whole force of the law upon her head. Yes, I'll have her hung, that I will, the hussy," he continued, assum- ing the tone of a man of great importance. As he ran up the road to inform the police of the affair, I heard him call to the night watchman, that a child was in the river. .

Almost as quickly as it takes me to tell the story, I saw a little craft shoot from beneath the gangway of the bridge, and make for the route of the car. Then the forms of three! stalwart policemen appeared down the slope of the bridge. As they approached,the conductor stepped officiously in front of them, and, throwing open the door, ushered them into the presence of the woman. At tho sound of their footsteps she looked up, and, seeing the law personified, she was startled. When one of the constables told her she must consider herself in custody, she trembled in every limb.

........e...........

PROTECTING THE CHILDREN. _ Work of the N.S.P.C.C. in Warrington and District. Further convincing evidence of the good work which the National Society for the Prevention of cruelty to children is doing in Warrington was afforded at the annual meeting of the local branch which was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall on Wednesday. Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., had been announced to pre- side, but wired regretting his inability to attend. Mr. F. A. Frost was elected to the chair. There was a good attendance, chiefly of ladies. THE YEAR'S WORK. The Ho, SECRETARY (Mr. W. D. Jeans, junr.), pre- sented the annual report, which reported a decrease in the number of cases dealt with in the district during the year. The total number of cases investigated was 274, affecting 901 children. In 259 cases warnings were given (the majority of those cases being still under supervision) ; in 12 prosecution followed, and 3 were dropped, the complaint having been found to be unfounded. 1,745 visits of supervision were made during the year. There were at present about 400 houses under the Inspector's supervision. The Committee were pleased to be able to report a successful financial year. Although the amount collected showed a decrease of £24 Os. 101, the expenses of the branch have decreased also by £0 us. 7d., and there was a surplus which was devoted to the general objects of the Society in other parts of the country of £43 13s. The Children's League of Pity had, thanks to Miss Broadbent's management, been suc- cessful in obtaining £35 13s. 3d., as against £24 2s. Bd. last year. The Committee desired to point out that the money subscribed to this Society was not (except a small portion of it) given away in charity, but was spent in bringing the parents or guardians of neglected or suffer- ing children who could but would not do their duty to their offspring, to a sense of their duty and to compel them to feed, clothe, aad treat their children in a reasonable and proper manner. During the year Inspector Hackett had been promoted to Sheffield,and the committee, while regretting the departure of this excellent officer, were glad to be able to congratulate him ozi his promotion. An efficient substitute for him had been provided in Inspector Cox with whose work the committee were well satisfied. Assistance to the society was thankfully acknowledged to the police in all parts of the district. Schoolmasters, Attendance Officers and other public officials also were very good in giving information as to cases. The Society's Offices had during the year been removed to more commodious premises at 49, Bewsey-street, War- rington. The committee desired to remind subscribers and others that a bazaar would be held at Chester in the month of October 1905, with the object of raising money to pay off the debt on the principal offices of the society in Leicester-square London and to provide a reserve fund and working balance so as to enable the society's field of operations to be enlarged. Ccntributions might be sent to Mrs. Frost, Grapenhall Hall, Mrs. Rylands, Dingle Bank, Lymm, Mrs. George Dalian or Mrs. Munro, Latchford, or to Miss Pennington, Park-road, Newton- le-Willows. . .

The statement of accounts showed that during the• year £257 Is. 2d. was collected from all sources. The general contributions from Warrington amounted to £135 17s. 6d., while the League of Pity subscribed 1:27 10s. 9d. Lymm contributed £32 10s. ; Newton, £39 16s. 10d. ; while the sum paid direct to the Central Office was £8 2s. Gd. The report and statement of accounts were adopted. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The CUM-I'OllN proposed the re-election of Sir Gilbert Greenall. Bart., as president of the branch, and Lady Greenall, Mr. IL Pierpoint, M.P., Mr. A. IL Lee, and Mr. W. Long as vice-presidents. Mr. Mclnnis seconded and the motion was carried unanimously. The General Committee was re-elected with the addition of the Rev. W. Bracecamp, Mrs. Seger Owen, Miss Litton, Mr. R. A. Naylor, Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins, Mr. Herbert Woods, Mr. J. R. Young, and Mr. H. Lister- Kayo. The Executive Committee was elected as follows: Alderman Bennett, Miss Broadbent, Mr. G Dakin, Mr. Vere B. Davies, Mrs. James Fairclough, Mrs. Frost, Mrs. C. Jackson Holmes, Mr. A. H. Lee, Mrs. Long. 'Mrs. McGregor, Mrs. Massey, Mrs. Monro, Miss Morris, Mrs. H. Roberts, Mr. Wilde, Mr. Herbert Woods, and Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins. THE FEEDING OF SCHOOL CHILDREN. An interesting address on the general work of the Society was delivered by Mr. SUMNER, from the London head office. He pointed that in the Warrington District although this year they had a smaller population to be worked by one inspector, yet they had, within a very small number, as many cases as in the previous year. That showed that given a certain population, there was a certain proportion of cases to he found. The more inspectors they had, the more cases would be discovered. Throughout the county there had been 560 more cases than last year, although the cost of working had been substantially reduced. Contradicting the idea that the N.S.P.C.C. was a persecuting society whose object WAS to send parents to prison and children to the Workhouse, he pointed out that out of 38,000 cases dealt with in only 2,300 had there been prosecu- tions. Two children out of every live who came under the inspectors' observation were known to be insured. A question for the immediate future would be that of checking or regulating infant insurance, which, accord- ing to Coroners, proved a great temptation to many mothers. Dealing with the subject of underfed school children, Mr. Stunner said that in nine cases out of ten the parents could feed their children, but unfortunately they did not. If only parental responsibility could be brought home, if the Act of Parliament under which that Society worked could be enforced throughout the country ss it ought to be, they would hear very little of the complaints of children going to school without sufficient food. Mr. Sumner asked all his hearers to do their Utmost for the success of the forthcoming bazaar at Chester which would form part of the national special effort to raise £50,000. They wanted 100 additional inspectors before the Society could fully carry out its duty. A resolution commending the work of the Society to the support of the humane patriotic public was passed on the motion of the chairman seconded by Mr. Jenkins who suggested that clergy and pastors might devote more attention to impressing upon parents their duties in life, as well as teaching children the lessons of obedience and respect. Votes of thanks to the Mayor for the use of the Council Chamber and to the Chairman for presiding concluded the meeting.

A few yards from the bridge stood a cab awaiting us. Two of the constables, myself, and the woman stepped into it, leaving the other to await the result of the night watchman's search for the body. My timidity on first boarding the car was nothing compsr•d to my present terror. This was my first contact with the law in person, and I was awed. I shall never forget that journey. The poor woman shrank into a corner of the cab like a terrified creature. As we passed the street lamps and they threw their sickly light into the recesses of the vehicle, I could see her face, pale as death. When we arrived at the police station, she had to be helped into the superintendent's office, for she was very near to total collapse. She was accommodated with a chair, whilst I was ordered to repeat my information "You saw the woman throw the child from the car into the river ?" "Yes." You are perfectly certain of that ?" "Yes ; she threw it through the open window, just before we arrived at this side of the river." " It is not possible for you to have been dozing, I suppose, and have dream t such a thing,"said the officious cleric. " You see," he continued, "this is a very serious matter and we must be very careful. You know it is a

laatveenhootu been a nets closed more— tliii a nknow hourthe pant: 1 i ca- hiaulsfe,! TRIPLE BOATING FATALITY. he said,looking across at his super, with a strange smile upon his face. ---- I felt insulted. I knew nothing of the law, and as little of police proceedings. However,l was determined PAINFUL AFFAIR AT HOWLEY. to be avenged on this beardless boy of a clerk. Drawing myself together I assumed the look of an aggrieved and infuriated person, and turning to him, Father and Son and Expert Swimmer I said ; "Look here; I have not come to this office to be Drowned. insulted, but to give information of a crime I have witnessed. I should think however, that as 3ou know i --- : g to a nicety the time that has elapsed since the publican One of the most distressin fatalities which have closed his door, you were not far off at the time." occurred in Warrington for many years created a min- im ' the town on Satin-day evening. °Wino. The superintendent saw that this bandying. of words n le was not adding dignity to the office, and impatiently sensation. z, taking the book from the clerk, ho continued the work to the capsizing of a pleasure boat on the Mersey at of taking down the information himself. Howley three persons lost their lies, and as they were "You are quite convinced that you saw the lady now members of well-known Howley families the tragedy present, throw from the window of the car, the baby cast quite a gloom over the neighbourhood. It appears she was nursing ?" I that at 6.45 John James Dennett (38), general labourer, " Yes." ' 25, Egerton-street, and his eight-year-old son John left " That will do." Then turning to the woman he said," You have heard home with the object of going for a walk to Grappen- what this gentleman has said. On his information we hall. By crossing the river at Howley they would have charge you with having thrown from the car of the new shortened the journey considerably, and at seven Electric Transporter Bridge, with intent to murder, the o'clock they went to Mr. George Platt, boat proprietor, infant you were nursing at the time of the journey. at Howley boathouse and asked him to row them What have you to say to this ? First, let me warn you across the river to Latchford. It happened that Arthur that what you now say may be used in evidence against i Tomlinson (-'3), an expert swimmer and oarsman 15. you. , "Did you commit the crime you are charged with ? ''Egerton-street, was rowing on the river and • After a puzzled look across at me, she hesitatingly Ihe volunteered to take Dennett and his son across. A answered, "No." , skiff w-as hired and, once afloat, the party appear to Evidently the superintendent expected this, for he i have decided to go for a short row for they proceeded answered, "Very good." ; towards Paddington Locks. It is presumed that when He was about to ask her some other questions when' in midstream the occupants attempted to change seats footsteps were heard outside the door. Then the knob : —at ~ any rate, the skiff capsized and all three were thrown into the water. 2\..0 one actually witnessed was turned, and the constable we had left at the bridge j to await news of the night watchman's quest, put his ' bead inside the room with the queerest of queer looks the accident, but a moment later Frederick Kelly, upon his face, general labourer, saw the three strnmding in the n, At sight of him the superintendent called sharply :1 water, the boat beim-, keel upwards As he was unable "Well Coleman, has the body been recovered ?" to swim he at once gave the alarm to John Rathbone, "Yes sir." the Paddington lock-keeper, but before he could gat "Ah !" said the superintendent,as he turned again to to the scene the woman. "Do you still persist in saying that you _ i ! had been did not commit the crime, in face of the fact that the the two men a; well as the boy drowned. It s supposed that Tomlinson in attempt- body h 9 ,been to save his friends had been dragged under the . " Yes, water. recovered?" water. The bodies were recovered shortly afterwards "Coleman ! " and efforts were made to restore animation, but with- Yes, sir." ,„ out success. Dennett had been employed at the works " Where did you place the body? In the mortuary . of Messrs. Rylands Bros. Limited for some years and " No, sir ; in the next room." What ! Do you mean to say that you have brought leaves a widow and four children. Tomlinson was a ' a corpse into the police station ? " I single man. " No, sir ; only a Persian cat." Silence reigned. I felt ready to drop through the floor. Suddenly the silence was broken by an uproari- ous laugh from the direction of the clerk. I looked across at him, and saw that he was convulsed with laughter. I was about to stride across the room and put an end to his sufferings for ever, when the superintendent placed his hand on my arm and said : " Young man, you seem determined to be mixed up in a tragedy ; leave him alone, he'll be all right in a minute or two. And I left him alone. I don't know how the woman travelled home again At the club it was rumoured that she came down to the bridge in the cab, and the police clerk accompanied her For myself, I had seen enough of the Transporter that night; and, although I Mad a return ticket, I pre- ferred to arouse the slumber of the man on the railway bridge, and walk quietly and meditatively home.

I

I , 4

===== 0002601_19050603_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INQUEST.

Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner, conducted the inquest at the Police Station on Monday evening. Mary Ellen Dennett, 25, Egerton-street said her husband and son left home at 6.45 on Saturday evening to go for a walk. Later she heard that they had been drowned in the Mersey and she saw them when they were brought home dead. Before going out her husbana said be intended to visit Grappenhall,but he never men- tined that he intended to go on the river. Sergeant Barlow (coroner's officer) said that by cross- ing the river by boat deceased would have made the journey to Grappenhall about two miles shorter. Ellen Hayes, widow, 15, Egerton street, said the deceased Arthur Tomlinson washer sonand was 23 years of age. She last saw him alive at 6.15 on Saturday evening when he left home in his usual good health. He was a very good swimmer and a member of the Howley Rowing Club. George Platt, boat proprietor, 30,Howley Lane,stated that at 7 o'clock on Saturday evening he was at the boathouse at Howley when the two Dennetts came to him. Dennett, senior, asked him to row them across I the river as they wanted to go to Latchford. Tomlinson however, volunteered to take them across and they started in a boat which was registered to carry three. At 7.30 witness heard that the boat had capsized and all the occupants had been drowned. Tomlinson was a member of the Rowing Club and an expert swimmer. In answer to the Coroner, witness said that a skiff like the deceased were rowing in required very careful handling. The boat was a new one this season. Wit- ness agreed with the Coroner that if the occupants tried to change their seats the skiff would capsize easily. Frederick Kelly, general labourer, 2, Academy Place, said that at 7.30 on Saturday evening he was on the river bank at Howley and saw the deceased in a boat 13 mid-stream. At that time his attention happened to be drawn to something else, but on hearing a splash he looked round and saw the three occupants in the water and the boat bottom upwards. He was unable to swim so he gave the alarm to the lock-keeper,but the deceased sank before assistance reached them. Witness did not see any changing of seats. John Rathbone, lock keeper, Paddington Lock, said that at 7.30 on Saturday evening he was at the lock when he heard that three persons had been drowned in the river. He procuied grappling irons and, with assistance, recovered all the bodies. The boat was overturned, and the fact that the oars had been taken out of the rowlocks and placed at the bottom of the boat (where they were found) appeared to indicate that the deceased had been trying to change seats. The Coroner said that from the legal standpoint the case was a very simple one, but apart from that, he felt certain that such an occurrence must have cast a gloom over the borough of Warrington. However callous and indifferent one might become, it was impossible to hear such a narrative without feeling very sad and honestly sorry that three valuable lives had been lost under such circumstances. He had had a great deal of experience of rowing in his younger days and he _ knew that one had to be very careful in handling em ail skiffs. Such accidents as the present one invariably happened when people were trying to change seats in mid-stream in a craft of that description. The jury returned a verdict of " Accidentally drowned," the foreman (Mr. F. J. Whittle) announcing that they desired to express their sympathy with the relatives in their tragic bereavement. THE FUNERAL Impressive scenes were witnessed at the funeral of the victims of the fatality which took place at the Cemetery on Tuesday afternoon, and there was striking evidence of the sympathy which has been aroused: throughout the town. A service was held at the Parish Church at 2.30, and was conducted by the Rector (the Rev. Canon Willis), assisted by the Revs. T. W. Barber, T. A. Ridpath and G. A. Dearden, a large number of relatives and friends attending. As the mourners left the church, the organist played the Dead March ia " Saul." A procession was formed to the cemetery. and was headed by officers and members of the Ancient Order of Foresters representing all the Courts, the late Mr. Dennett having been a member of that society. The remains of Mr. Dennett and son were first hid to rest, the service being conducted by the Rector, while Brother Chrirnes, P.D.C.R,, also took part in it. The Rector then conducted the service over Mr. Tomlinson - Deceased was a member of the Rowing Club, and was employed at Messrs. Richmond and Co.'., and both the club and the firm were fairly represented. The floral tributes included two from the-Rowing Club,an artificial and a natural one from the employees of Messrs. Rich- mond, and one each from the workmen of Messrs. c(R‘ovv ulaarrtnr Bros. n‘s gjtanz‘l? L. m District), ot et , Ancient Ancient Orderor d e r oo ff Foresters,Fo r e s t e r s No. 138, and John Denuett's SundaY school teacher and class.

TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL. --- A special meeting of the Trades and Labour Counci was held on Tuesday. Mr. Podruore presided over good attendance of delegates. THE UNEMPLOYED. A letter was read from the Warrington branch of the Independent Labour Party in Ating the Council to co-operate with them and other Labour organization? in holding a demonstration in favour of the Unemployo; Rill being passed into law during the present session 01 Parliament and to press for amendments to the Bill. Mr. ‘VILKINSON (Engineers) asked what form of 11' demonstration it was proposed to hold. Councillor SToTr in answer to the question stated that in many large centres it was proposed to have pro- cessions through the principal streets with bands nod trade union banners,to be followed by a public meeting. In some towns there would be in addition a processioll of unemployed workmen who would be provided with 5 dinner or tea. As far as Warrington was concerned be; Mr. Stott, was afraid we could hardly attempt to bold a demonstration on such a large scale. In his opinioll a large open-air meeting would be sufficient. The details, however, would be left to the Joirt Committee. It was unanimously decided to co-operate with the LL.P. Councillor Stott and the vice-president, Mr. Plumb, were elected as delegates to act on behalf of the Council.

11

HIGHER EDUCATION. A letter was read from the Director of Education in reference to a scheme of scholarships whereby the children of working classes would be enabled to take advantage of higher education by assisted scholarshiPs• The secretary was instructed to write for copies of the list of scholarships so that each delegate may have 2 copy for the next meeting, when a -discussion on tee subject will be opened by Mr. E. Plinston, the Trades Council representative on the Education Committee. "FAIR. WAGES" CLAI.7:3E. cor The SECRETARY reported that a series of clauses the government of Corporation contracts had beell framed by a Sub-committee of the Town Council an approved of by the General Purposes Committee. After some discussion a resolution was carried statint that the clauses were unsatisfactory to the Trad:A Council, and that Councillor Stott be invited to opP° them being confirmed at the next meeting of the rola Council. It was also resolved that a letter be sent ,o each member of the Town Council asking him oppose the clauses drawn up by the sub-committee, to Support support a number of clauses which would be 5" mated by Mr. Stott.

Warring Printed and publshed by JOHN WALKS,_3„ & CO., at The Examiner General Printing Wornm Ilewsey-street, and published by them at the sal place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-roa NVIDNES : 32, George-street, Sr. HELKNS: 3, Market- street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street, RuNcOgat June 3rd. 1901.

===== 0002601_19050603_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
Art All Welcome. Hymn Books promoeu. B 0 L 0 STREET WES LEYAN C HURAI, I WARRINGT(IN, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MAY 28xs. I No 1363 ONE PENNY SATURDAY, JUNE 3s 1905. At 10.30 and 6.30 A S aUDENT. MI w.leoma. Hymn Books nroviaare. BAPTIST CHURCH. 00. BORNE STREET, F . WARRINGTFIN. SUNDAY NEXT, JUNE 4TH. 1 C'TA DONALD'S SHOPPING BY POST. TO FARMERS & MARKET GARr REV. HERBERT OUNNICO. en , Monrrryn 10.45: "Can we know God? Some objections IF YOU ARE UNABLE TO CALL, WRITE TO US FOR A BO XfOF PATTERNS OFIOUR IF YOU ARE REQUIRING GOOD CROW answered." HIGH-CLASS PATENT ADVISE YOU TO GIVE MY EVENING 6.30: Mr. Einnnico will reply to toe Rev. Morley DRESS AND BLOUSE MATERIALS - Stevenson.CONCENTRATED ORGANIC ALL SEATS FREE. COME EARLY.' • FOR THE PRESENT SEASON. ARTIFICIAL TEETH . . A TRIAL. BY PERMISSION OF J. CHARLTON PARR THEY ARE THE NEW TWEEDS AS YOU ARE AW aRE I HAVE S• Esq., the GARDENS AT GRAPPENHALL HEYES Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC CHIFFON HABIT CLOTH CREPOLINES and equipped anew WORKS with the Will be OPEN TO THE PUBLIC on SATURDAY, the 3rd METHOD from well-tried materials only. They VENETIANS VOILES for the manufacture of a good Mar of June neat from 3 to 6 p.m. PLEASE DON'T FORGET: In the following Analysis of r by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates FLANNEL SUITINGS ARMURES my CONCENTRATED ORGA' TUE CHILDREN'S CAMP. or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, IN BLACK AND ALL THE NEW COLOURS. notice at once the richness of t WEEK'S HOLIDAY FOR TEN SHILLINGS with their dainty, natural appearance have givea AMMONIA and PHOSPHAT' Maodonald'a Teeth their long-standing reputation E RE SPECIALISTS. its being far away superior t Compound Manure made by W A KINDLY REMIT AT ONCE TO for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set I would point out that ARTHUR H. LEE, HON. TREASURER, OUR PRINTED DELAINES Ammozia and rhoophat uaranteed to give entire satisfaction TAPESTRY WoRKs, BRICE-STREET, g PRINTED COTTONS EMBROIDERED COTTONS the ordinary Blood and W. H. J. JENKINS, HON. SECRETARY, MUSLIN LINENS The Manure is free' IsT JUNE, 19C5. WARRINGTCS. SETS 20s. GOLD INLAY 40s. PRINTED VOILES HOLLAN DS AND SILKS rendering sowing ear I have every cord' wARRIN 0 TO N WORKINGMEN'S PER- ARE MADE EXPRESSLY FOR WASHING DRESSES AND BLOUSES. one suitable for al' MANENT a trial to establis' D BRNEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY. I have a groat' INCORPORATED UNDER THE BUILDING SOCIETIES' & W. DUTTON a trial order fr, ACT. 1574. . MACDON ALDS, J. particulars w• G NOTICE IS HEREBY (MEN that the Thirty-fifth ANNUAL GENERAL MEETIN of Members of the above ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, i 6, 18 & 20; SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. wei,t, will be held in GOUBORNE-S l'il ti ET SCHOOL- ROOM, WARRINGTON. on MONDAY EVENING. the 6th AT INARLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYs, 11 to 7.33 DAY of JUNE, 1905; at half-past Eight o'clock. for the pnr- WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST lose of declaring a Dividend, Electing Managers Auditors, SMITII & WALKER, , and Surveyors, and conducting the ordinary business of the AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.I to 7.30 Society. (LATE HOLMES AND BOOTH), The interest will be paid on Monday evening, the 19th LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH ;ST. June, in the Schoolroom, from 7.30 to 8-30. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MARKET-GATE, WARRINGTON, PETER DALTON, Secretary. By order, MANCHESTER, 29, PICC ADILIA TAILORS ... BREECHES MAKERS .._ ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M. t BOLD. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. AIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. . LIVERIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. TELEPHONE 3c- TO-MORROW (SENDAY). JUNE 4th, Sermons will be H preached by the COVERLETTE I TAILS OF ) Fiume YOU CAN COMBINE TASTE WITH DURABILITY AND ECONOMY 13 Y PURCHASING v REV. BENJAMIN WEAVER. HAIR FRAMES, PURE i. FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. 5/6 Anthems: T 8 BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). CARPETS, RUGS, LINOLEUM& OILCLOTF Morning, 10.30, " Jew I priceless treasure " (Varley Roberts) Evening, 6.30, "Come unto Me "(Jordan). LIVERPOOL. CURTAINS, 'WINDOW BLINDS, ETC FROY "Nearer, my God, to Thee" (Adams). XI RS.J. J. DENNETT ANn FAMILY, returns -s Soloists : Mrs. A. Booth. Miss Mabel Henshall, Miss E. 11l their deepest thanks for fl oral tributes and the Taylor, Miss Carrie Hastings, Mt. Warburton, Mr. C. H. E. COATES, numerous sympathetic inquiries extended to them in their Page, Organist, Mr Frank Hickman. In the afternoon, at 2.30, a FLOWER SERVICE wilt be recent sad bereavement. 727 BRIDGE ST• y WARRINGTON. bald. Chairman, J. U. WITHINECITaw, Esq. ; Speaker. 25, Egerton Street. Flmoor A. HARRIS. Esq. Soloist, Mrs. A. BOOTH. The WARRINGTON MALE VoICE CHoIR will sing "The Sort of pERSONALLY CONDUCTED TRIPS TO PARIS, God.' (D. Jenkyns. Slue. Bac.) Colleetion at each service in 1- JUNE 10th; Leige Exhibition, June 16th.-Address LAMB! LAMB!! LAMP aid of the Sunday School. Mr. FELIx MILLS. 163, Lee st..oldham. Stamp. - ' - CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON iis pre- WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD AGRICUL- THEpared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice ANOTHER SPECIAL CONSIGNMENT HAS NOV or fo TURAL SOCIETY'S r a term of years. Application to be made to the GREAT SHOW BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington. AT BEBINGTON (NEAR BIRKENHEAD), VXPERIENCEO Male and Female NURSES at a GREAT -REDUCTION 1N ' PRIZES EXCEED .C 2,500. 124 moment s notice for all amts.-Apply NURSES INSTITU- TION, Hope House, Hope at., Liverpool. Telephone 2570, ENTRIES FOR IMPLEMENTS, &c., LIVE STOCK AND Royal. Telegraphic,, address, Nurses ' VV. & R. FLETCHER. DAIRY PRODUCE, FINALLY CLOSE REX I MONDAY'S --- POST. NAME PLATES IN GLASS, BRASS, SPECIAL TRAINS for the conveyance of Exhibits to the 11 METAL WOOD, 28, HORSE MARKET STREET, Royal Society's Show, will leave BEBINGTON on Saturday MOTOR NUMBERS. Evening. 24th June. BAXENDALES, MILLER ST., MANCHESTER. ARTHUR H. EDWARDSON, Secretary. DIRECT IMPORTET 8, HAMILTON SQUARE, BIREENDP,AD . THE LICENSING ACT, 1904. NOTICE OF IMPOSITION OF CHARGES UNDER PRESD IRE COUNTY COUNCIL SC EIOLARSHIPS. SECTION 3 OF THE ACT. ‘ i -The COUNTY EDUCATION commr CTEE THE HUNDRED OF WEST DERBY, TOGETHER WITH OFFER for COMPETITION a number of SCHOLAR- THE TOWNSHIP OF ASPULL, in the COUNTY WALKIN SHIPS, tenable at the A..ricultural College, Holmes OF LANCASTER. Chapel. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE F wrn of Application can now be obtal he 1 from RD. I'. COMPENSATION AUT‘fORITY for the above area FOR SALE 'WARD, Director of Education, County Education have imposed under section 30f the Licensing Act, 1934, for the current year charges in respect of licenses at the follow- Offices, City Road, Chester. ing rate, viz:- FLAGS BANNERS, F . " The maximum charge that may be imposed under the LANGLANDS' SAILINGS TO OREENOCK Act." AND GLASGOW. and charges on the premises affected will be levied and paid SPECIAL QUOTAT' PRINCESS LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMER. accordingly as part of the duties on the corresponding i° mat LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW excise licenses. (Clarence Doak.) (Berths No. 21-28, North Side). HARCOURT E. CLARE. LARGE STOCK Sat. June 3rd 10 p.m. Tues. June 6ih 2 p.m. *4.35 p m Clerk of the Compensation Authority. Thurs. June Bth 2 p.m. Sat. June 10th 2 p.m...P.45 p.m. Dated the 19th day of May, 1905. Tues. June 13th 7 p.m. Thure. June lath 2 p m.*4.35 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenook (Central). M R T. BOOTHROYD, Stiecial reduced through tickets from Warrington. Widnes et'. PROFESSOR OF THE VIOLIN. CONDUCTOR Ac.; ORDINARY FARES FRoM LIVERPOOL :-Cabin. single, I.ls. ; ACCEPTS ENGAGEMENTS WITH HIS ORCHESTRAS Ite n. thro (valid t two months) 16s. 6d. Steerage Single, ss. 61. (STRING OR YTJLL). SPECIAL RETURN' T/CHET'( 'S - valid for 10 days)' Cabin • • CONCERTS, BAZAARS. DRAMATIC SOCIETIES 519 53, & 5 lis s' • ;Steerage Bs. 3d. AT HOMES, &c. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, TERMS for Engagements, lessons Ac.-Apply 14, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER. THE " STUDIO "9, SUEZ STREET, WARRINGTON, - •=--- --- - - 10, EUmFORTI PLACE LIVERPOOL. OR 18. CAWDOR STREET, STOCKTON HEATH. DUBLIN, ALSO EN GLMH LAKES (-PE THING WELL DONE, FASIIIe. V And that Is FLOOR-COVERING by F. LEACH who TEDCASTLE LINE. does nothing else. You will Satre Money by calling or Send- -B.B.uinnimr tl red re irl.b b ,Nig.waiNthoirs ';aigrasllsiiiito iic int I cheap-ticketed.ts ~ BLACKROCK," "CUMBRIA." " EBLANA," and &Dim& ," from SOUTH Side NELSON DOCK. Liverpool and Mattings are perfect and welt laid. Every Tuesday. Wednesday Friday, and Satin day, to Its impossible to get Better Value than at 24 and 26. SHUDEHILL (High-street Corner), DUBLIN. Return Saloon. rs.; Steerage, 5,.; with Cheap MANCHEaTER. rIT Exctirston Tickets EVERY SAILING DAY, to Killarney ESTIMATES FOR FITTING, COMPLETE ANY DISTANCE. Cork, Bundoran, Bray, Wicklow, Ac., &c. WHY SHOULD I BUY MY NEXT MACHINE SPECIAL ROUND SEA TRIP, per " Cumbria " Every v T FROM A LOCAL MAKER? 8 aaturday, to Whitehaveo, giving 3 days for English Lakes Because he is depeadrnt on his local trade, and will there- fore use none but the VERY BEST MATERIAL and thence to Dublin, and back to Liverpool (6 days, or within SKILLED LABOlitt IN BUILDING IT. 2 months). Saloon. 201. You will do well to get my prices for anything in tbe Cycle line-you will save money. Undoubtedly the best shop for repsiri. WORKMANSHIP GUARANTEED. . Apply TEDCASTLE. McZORMICK A CO.. LTD„ LIVER, UNASONABLis CHARGES. Telegram., " Tedcastle." Telephone 1193. N. CANNELL, 1.41 V ERFOLPL AND NORTH WALEI REGULAR Cars stop apposite the street. .1. DAILY SAILINGS From Prince'a-stage, weather -,.e.• Permitting 10.45 a.m -EVERY DAY (by St. yles ‘0 the 9th, br. M La Marguerite on and after 10th) for GruINNESS'S DUBLIN SI OUT. ..LLANDUDNO BEAUMARIS, BANGOR and MENAI BASSI MILD AID BITTER ALT 4 LIDGN,due back 7.30 p.m., and allowing four hours ashore • I.I.SOPP' El MILD AND BITTER ALES. at Llandudno. 2. p.m.-Saturday 3rd. by SnoWdon ; WHEATLEY'S HOP BITT' a,.°,4 2.15 pin 10th, Mt, and2,ith, by St. Rivies, for WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. ~,`:ahriudno and Menai Straits. WHIT MONDAY 9.15 a.m., To be had in CASE or BOTTLES fror '-'Y St. blvies,for Isle of Anglesty 'I rip(eaning at Llandudno), Vs, a back in 8 n . Day or Week-eni Fares Ist Saloon Return aiandudno 51., Menai Straits 6s. lid. 2nd Saloon Return 13. CUNNINGHAM' ‘,5. ed., Menai Straits 49. 63. WINWICR ROAD, WARRINe . For particulars as to Rates for Contracts, and all further Also Manufacturer of information apply to the Liverpool and North Wales Steam- HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS ;Sin Company, United, T. G. Brew, Secretary. 40, Chapel In Screw-etc t treat, Liverpool. 'Tel. 6366. Illustrated Guide 3d. post Telephone No. 179, STORES, 0' Zee• Week-ends at North Wales Hotel and Boat from Is. 65, Free conveyance between Stations and Steamer, - ROBERT T ALLAN LINE.-TO CANADA, UNITED STATES, EsTATB AGENT. AUCTT RIVER PLATE. AND INDIA. Office and :Salerooms : F LA RAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. WARP easUERNTIAN .....Sr. John's N.F. Halifax & Phil. Jona 6 TELEPH, vIRGINIAN (Tur*lne)......Quebec and Montre.l June 8 CASH ADVANCED ON r TY,NISIAN Quebec and Montreal June 15 New nd tarctondabane "uFerior accommodation for Ist, 2nd and 3rd classes, constantly on Sale by Pr sPecial through rates to all points. Funsittue, Ac.. warehoi - - -- - - - - - - - - - - --- NOTICE OF PROSPECTUS. THE LIST WILL OPEN ON TUESDAY, THE r PETER WALKER PROPERTY CORPORAT' The prospectus, dated the Kth day of May, 1905, relating to aPalicants for debenture atocl, are referred, has been duly filed v OFFERED FOR SUBSCRT £170,010 GUARANTEED FIRST MORTGAO PART OF AN IS` .. Rearing interest at £4 per cent, per annum, payable slat December. t, The first payment of interest, for a full quarter, will ' ...edettnable alter the year 1930 at the option of the Cr Secured by first mortgage trust deed and debenture, ,Peztfer. now being a.quired by this Corporation, muaranteed for principal and interest by Peter ~, whole ordinary share capital of this Corporatio •-aYrnents :-.Eto per cent, on application ; EF ~aryemaining £3O per cent, on 15th August, 19 m r ent in full may be made on allotment TRUSTEES T The Right Hon. THE EARL OF LATH Ihe Hon. ARTHUR STANLEY, M•P. Sir CHAELVSaIIDWARD HAMII a ...Sir PETER CARLAW WALKER " 11LIAM ROYLANOB COUP" WILLIAM HA...1. WALKER, ifilMits MONRO WALKER. 'MEN REID WALKER, Be ~.1311ORGB HUNTER ROP 13MNKERS.-PARR'S ti/ Z,'„E. LIMITED, Liver 'nolCßata -G, A. V 80Lict rthes.-Ru" '4,.1.4)1T01t5.-HEAT SECRETARY -F ,}E.GISTERED f ~..bis oorporatir e.t.,0,000 deben' A he dtbento Also seen., `4 ~.Artd (mitt ".ited , The In't 1.. t and rete. IWO. Witlr P f

All Welcome. Hymn Hooky provided.

BOLD STREET WI<SLEYAN CHUILII, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) MAY 28Ta. At 10.30 and 8.30 A S CUDRICT. All livrnn Bonk, nrovidori.

BAPTIST CHURCH. 00. BORNE :•:TREET, WAIIRINGTMT. SUNDAY NEXT, JUNE 4TB. REV. HERBERT DUNNICO. WEN/NG 10.45 : "Can we know God? some objections answered." EVENING E. 30 : Mr. Dnnnico will reply to the Dev• Morley Stevenson. ALL SEATS FREE. COME EA.RLY.°

TACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Maodonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guAranteed to give entire satisfaction SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40s. MACDON ALDS, T. HELENS, 86, COURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPRR, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.33 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH:ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICC ADIL.bY ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

SHOPPING BY POST. IF YOU ARE UNABLE TO CALL, WRITE TO US FOR A BO XfOF PATTERNS moult DRESS AND BLOUSE MATERIALS FOR THE PRESENT SEASON. THEY ARE THE NEW TWEEDS CHIFFON HABIT CLOTH CREPOLINBS VENETIANS VOILES SUITINGS ROLIENNES FLANNEL SUITINGS ARMURES IN BLACK AND ALL THE NEW COLOURS. WE ARE SPECIALISTS. OUR PRINTED DELAINES PRINTED COTTONS EMBROIDERED COTTONS MUSLIN LINENS PRINTED VOILES HOLLANDS AND SILKS ARE MADE EXPRESSLY FOR WASHING DRESSES AND BLOUSES. J. & W. DUTTON 16, Is & 20, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

To FARMEIS & MARKET GARDEN ERS IF YOU ARE REQUIRING GOOD CROPS I WOULD ADVISE YOU TO GIVE MY CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE A TRIAL. AS YOU ARE AW kRE I HAVE SPECIALLY BUILT and equipped a new WORKS with the very latest machinery for the manufacture of a good Manure. This plant is the firat erected In this country for a horse slaughterer. In the following Analysis of a sample recently taken of my CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE you will I notice at once the richness of this manure in NITROGEN. AMMONIA and PHOSPHATES, this must strike you as to Its being far away superior to the ordinary Blood and Bone Compound Manure made by other processes. I would point out that 1 ton of our Manure is equal in Ammotia and arhoophate properties to from 2to 3 tons of the ordinary Blood and Bone Manure. The Manure is free from objectionable smell and very dry, rendering sowing easy. I have every confidence in recommending this Manure, as one suitable for all Crops, and am sure It will only require a trial to establish itself. I have a small stock on band. and would be glad to have a trial order from you for this Season. Samples and further particulars will be gladly sent to you on application. Yours faithfully, JAMES TOOLE. CONCENTRATED ORGANIC .MANURE. ANALYSI NI MOGEN 4.53 per cent. AMMONIA sto per cent. PHOSPHATE 29•L5 per cent. PRICE: RG ER TON, WITH DISCOUNT FOB CASH. JAMES TOOLE, HORSE SLAUGHTERER. WARRINGTON.

BY PERMISSION OF J. CHARLTON PARR Esq.. the GARDEN AT GRA. ?PENH ALL HEY 14 S Will be OPEN TO THE PUBLIC on SATURDAY, the 3rd of June nest from 3 to 6 p.m. PLEASE DON'T FORGET THE CHILDREN'S CAMP. WEER'S HOLIDAY FOR TEN SHILLINGS KINDLY REMIT AT ONCE TO ARTHUR H. LEE, HON. TRELSURER, TAPESTRY WORKS, BRICK-STREET. W. H. J. JENKINS, HON. SECRETARY, IST JUNE, 19C5. Weriranomr. ARRI NO T N WORKINGMEN'S PER- V%MANBNT BRNEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY. INCORPORATED UNDER THE BUILDING SOCIETIES' ACT. 1574 NOTICE IS 'HEREBY GIVEN that the Thirty-fifth ANNUAL GENERAL MICETINO of Members of the above Secietv will be held in GOI BORNR-S ET SCHOOL- ROOM, WARRINGTON. on MO 61DAY RVRNING. the 6th DAY of J(7NE, 1905; at half-past Eight o'clock, for the por- t ose of declaring a Dividend, Electing Managers Auditors, and Survetors, and conducting the ordinary business of the Society. The interest will be paid on Monday evening, the 19th June, in the Schoolroom, from 7.30 to 8-30. By order, PETER DALTON, Secretary.

SMITH & WALKER, (LATE HOLMES AND BOOTH), MARKET-GATE, WARRINGTON, TAILORS AND BREECHES MAKERS, ARE NOW SHOWING NEW AND EXCLUSIVE CLOTHS FOR THE hUMMER SEASON. LIVERIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. TICLEPHONB 382 Y

BOLD-s TEE RT WESLEYAN CHURCH SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. TO-MORROW (SFIIDAY). JUNE 4th, Sermons will be preached by the REV. BENJAMIN WEAVER. Anthems: Morning, 10.30, " Jesu priceless treasure " (Varley Roberts) Evening, 630, " Come unto Me " (Jordan). *. Nearer, my God, to Thee " (Adams). Soloists : Mrs. A. Booth. Miss Mabel Henshall, Miss E. Taylor, Miss Carrie Hastings, M,. Warburton, Mr. C. H. Page, Organist, Mr FrAng Hickman. In the afternoon, at 2.30, a FLOWER SERVICE will be bold. Chairman, J. G. WITHINSHAM, Esq. ; Speaker. FRAN% A. HARRIS. Esq. Soloist, Mrs. A. BOOTH. The WARRINGTON MALE VOICE CHoIR will sing "The ton of God,' (D. Jenkyns. Slue. Bac.) Collection at each service in aid of the Sunday School

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per OZ. 00VERLETTII I TAILS OF t Fan( HAIR FRAMBS, PURR FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T 8 BROWN, 3, LERCH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

YOU CAN COMBINE TASTE WITH DURABILITY AND ECONOMY BY PURCHASING YOUR CARPETS, RUGS, LINOLEUM& OILCLOTHS, CURTAINS, WINDOW BLINDS, ETC., FROM E. COATES, 72, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

VIRS.J. J. DENINETT ANn FAMILY, returns IVI their deepest thanks fOr fl oral tributes and tha numerous sympathetic inquiries extended to them in their recent sad bereavement. 25, Egerton Street.

S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

LAMB! LAMB!! LAMB!!! ANOTHER SPECIAL CONSIGNMENT HAS NOV ARRIVED. GREAT -REDUCTION 1N PRICE. W. & R. FLETCHER, LTD., 28, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, DIRECT IMPORTERS.

WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD AGRICUL- TURAL SOCIETY'S GREAT SHOW AT BEBINGTON (NEAR BIRKENHEAD), PRIZES EXCEED £2,500. ENTRIES FOR IMPLEMENTS, &c., LIVR STOCK AND DAIRY PRODUCE, FINALLY CLOSE NSXC MONDAY'S POST. SPECIAL TRAINS for the conveyance of Exhibits to the Royal Soeiety's Show, will leave BEBINGTON oa Saturday livening. 24th June. ARTHUR H. EDWARDSON, Secretary. 8, HAMILTON SQUARE, BIRKENDY,AD

rrEIE CORPORATION OF WARRINOTON is pre- I_ pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, MURiOID9I Offices, Warrilll6oll.

EXPERIENCE° Male and Female NURSES at a moment's notice for all CRIRS.--Apply NURSES iNiTITIT- TION, Hope House, Hope et., Liverpool. Telephone 2570. Royal. Telegraphic., address, Nurses •

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, EMPLOYERS LIABILITY. ACOIDSNT a DISEASE Small Poz.Scariet Fever.Tsphoid,Diphtheria,Appendicitis Ac BURGLARY & FIDELITY INSURANCO RAIL WAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,830,000 84, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. SIAN, Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W. H . RIG B EY.Nesscli !le. Victoria•rd.,Latchfar d St Helens Mr. J. S. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. 13ILLINGE The Willows Bandbach Mr. F.l. FINLOW Rookery Bridges

NAME PLATES IN GLASS, BRASS, METAL WOOD, MOTOR NUMBERS. BAXENDALES, MILLER ST., MANCHESTER.

' THE LICENSING ACT, 1904. NOTICE OF IMPOSITION OF CHARGES UNDER SECTION 3 OF THE ACT. THE HUNDRED OF WEST DERBY, TOGSTFII3II WIT H THE TOWNSHIP OF ASPLI'LL, in the COUNTY OF LANCASTER. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE COMPENSATION ACV-WELTY for the above area hsve imposed under section 3of the Licensing Act, 1934, for the current year charges in respect of licenses at the follow- ing rate, viz : " The maximum charge that may be imposed under the Act." and charges on the premises affected will be levied and paid accordingly as part of the duties on the corresponding excise iiccnses. HARCOURT B. CLARE. Clerk of the Compensation Authority. Dated the 19th day of May, 1905.

PHESDIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCEIOLARSHIPS. " —The COUNTY EDUCATION CONIvII fTEE OFFER for COMPETITION a number of SCHOLAR- SHIPS, tenable at the A.ricultural College, Holmes Chapel. Fmn of Application can now beobt&rel from RD. P. WARD, Director of Education, County Education Offices, City Road, Chester.

WALKING DAY. FOR SALE OR HIRE, FLAGS BANNERS, STREAMERS, BUNTING. bPECIAL QUOTATIONS—FOR LARGE QUANTITIES, LARGE STOCK KEPT. .PRICES REASONABLE. J. S. GARLAND FURNISHING IRONMONGER, 51, 53f & 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

1 LANGLANDS' SAILINGS TO OREKNOCK AND GLASGOW. "PRINCESS LOUISE " OR OTHER STEAMSR. .°lOll LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW (Clarence Doak.) (Berths No. 23-28, North Side). r 84t. June 3rd 10 p.m. Tues. June 6,h 2 p.m. *4.35 pm + Thms.June Bth 2 p.m. Sat. June 10th 2 p.m. .P. 45 p.m. Tues. June 13th 7 p.m. Thnre. June 15th 2 p m.*4.35 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenook (Central). SPecial reduced through tickets from Warrington. Widnes et'. 06nurs.6v FARES FROM LIVERPOOL :—Cabin. Single, lls. ; , Return (valid fur two months) 16s. 6d. Steerage Single,ss. 61. .4. , Svitmar. RETURN' TlCHETB.—(valici for 10 days) Cabin ‘4,• ; Steerage Bs. 34. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 14, CROSS STREST, MANCHESTER. 10, RUM FORD PLACE LIVERPOOL.

B. WADSWORTE, SOLE AGENT FOR THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF JOHN BROADWOOD .1c SONS. ADDRESS: 59, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON.

M R T. BOOTHROTD, PROFESSOR OF THE VIOLIN, CONDUCTOR Ac.; ACCEPTS ENGAGEMENTS WITH HIS ORCHESTRAS (STRING OR FULL). CONCERTS, BAZAARS. DRAMATIC SOCIETIES AT HOMES, An. TERMS for Engagements, lessons Ac.—Apply THE " STUDIO " 9, SUEZ STREET, WARRINGTON, OR 18, CAWDOR STREET, STOCKTON HEATH.

DUBLIN, ALSO EN GLIziE LAKES TEDCASTLE LINE. 8.9. BLACKROCK," "CUMBRIA." " RBLANA," and &Dna," from SOUTH Side NELSON DOCK. Liverpool Every Tuesday. Wednesday Friday, and Saturday, to DUBLIN. Return Saloon. l.'s.; Steerage, 5,4 with Cneep Eactirston Tickets EVERY SAILING DAY, to Killarney Cork, Bgndoran, Bray, Wicklow, Ac., !cc. SPECIAL ROUND SEA TRIP, per " Cumbria " Every aaturday, to Whitebaverr, givin,g 3 days for English Lakes thence to Dublin, and beck to Liverpool (6 days, or within a al°rlthl)• Saloon. 20e. APCIy TEDCASTLE. McCORMICK & CO., LTD„ LIVER. P"Lr• Telegram', " Tedcaetle." Telephone 1193. 141VERPOOL ANL) NORTH WALIGI REGULAR a, DAILY SAILT•IGS From Prince's-etage, weather n• Permitting. 10.45 am —EVERY DAY (by St. Eivies the Sth, by La Marguerite OP and 4 m ndaft:nrlothHtira 10th) for 14, "DUD(4O BEAUMARi S, 'LIDGE,due hack 720 p.m., and allowing four hours ashors Cl Llandudno. 2. p.m.-4atnrday 3rd. by Snowdon ; 1.11,4 2.15 P m 10th, 17th, and. 2eth, by St. Elvin, for k`:ahrludno and Menai Straits. WHIT MONDAY 9.15 a.m., St. blyfee,for Isle of Angleey '1 rip(calling at Llandudno). back 8 nm. Day or Week-eni Fares Ist Saloon Return ,4/11-idudno 61., Mend l Straits 6e. 6d. 2nd Saloon Return .1. 6d., Nepal Straits 49. 63. For particulars as to Rates for Contracts, and all further formation apply to the Liverpool and North Wales Steam- VIP ' Company U ' nited T. G. Brew, Secretary. 4Q, Chapel .tre t e Liverpool. rei. 6366. Illustrated Guide 3d. post •ree. Week-ends at North Wales Hotel and Boat from Is. 6d. Free conveyance between Stations and Steamer,

ONE THING WELL DONE, And that Is FLOOR-COVIIRING by F. LRACH who does nothing else. You will Save Money by calling or send- ing your order. No waste or big bills. No cheap-ticketed unaaehable rubb,sh. All his Carpets, Linos, Olicinths,Mats, and Mattings are perfect and well leid. It's impossible to get Better Value than at 24 and 26. SHUDEHILL (Hleb-street Corner), MANC H ESTIMATES FOR FITTING, COMPLETE ANY DISTANCE.

FASHIONABLE AND SEASONABLE SUITS DIRECT FROM OUR OWN WORKS, THE M ANCHESTE R CLOTH iNG DEPOT, & jo, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, SPECIALITIES IN JUVENILES', YOUTHS', & MEN'S SUITS. STYLE AND VALUE UNSURPASSED,

WHY titiOULD I BUY MY NEXT MACHiNc: FROM A LOCAL MARES? Because be is depend.nt on his local trade, and will there- fore use none but the VERY BEST MATERIAL and biCiLLED LABOUR IN BUILDING IT. You will do well to get my prices for anything in the Cycle line—you will save money. Undoubtedly the best shop for repeiri. WORKMANSHIP GUARANTIED. lOSALSONABLIs CHAROBS. N. CANN&LL, HReETfI BT., off Liverpool rd., Sankey Bridges, Warrington. Cars stop apposite the street.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN SI OUT. BASS'S MILD AID BITTER ALES A LLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S EfINGER BEER. To be bad In CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM! WINWHDI ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Sore w-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. OWEN STREET.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER W AICHES. (Br ALL VIZ LZ AMINO MAKERS) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY 0, ZVEBT DIVICRIP2IOIf. 30 ro 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old Gold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds/etc., bought or,takenpa exchange. 'lousy advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate. *a., to any amount at low rates et interest strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, wiU receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

ALLAN LINE.-TO CANADA, UNITED STAUS, RIVER PLATE. AND INDIA. SAILING S FROSI LIVERPOOL. t.4URENTIAN .....Sr. John's N.F. Halifax ts Phil. June 6 IRGI2SIAN (Tur,-Ine)......Quebee and Montre.l June 8 111,111SIAN Quebec and Montreal June 15 Cinerkr acennunocietion for Ist, 2nd and 3rd classes. .Peelal through rates to all points. _ _

SMOKE SLDLOW'S • OLD BOY'S" TOLIACCo. COOL AND LASTING. 6D. PER OUNCE; le. 7D. PER LB. TIN; 6s, PER LB 1 • SUDLOW & Co., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WIN WICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELNPRONE 414 Y,

FRANK STRINGER & CO., 103, WILDERSPOOL ROAD. WARRINGTON. PURE WHOLESOME BREAD AND CONFECTIONERY. ONLY THE CHOICEST MATERIALS USED. DECORATED CAKES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

ROBERT LOWE. ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and balerootna No, 1. BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED POE SALE. New nd tlecond.band Fur/More and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection Invited runaltuie, &a.. warehoused.

NOTICE OF PROSPECTUS. IHE LIST WILL OPEN ON TUESDAY, THE 6ns JUNE NEXT. PETER WALKER & SON PROPERTY CORPORATION No. 2 LTD. 7he prospectus, dated the 3Cth day of May, 1905, relating to the above issue, to which prospectus Intending aPplicauts for debenture stools are referred, has been duly Sled with the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies. OFFERED FOR SUBSCRIPTION AT PAR. £173,GC0 GUARANTEED FIRST MORTGAGE REGISTERED DEBENTURE STOCK. PART OF AN ISSUE OF £250,0C0. Bearing interest at £4 per cent. per annum, payable quarterly on 31st March, 30th Jane, 30th September and .51st December. The first payment of interest, for a full quarter, will be payable on the 30th Reptember, 1905. l!edecrnable aster the year 1930 at the option of the Corpo salon on six months' notice at £lO5 per £lOO stock. s.eoured by first mortgage trust deed and debentures upon freehold, eopyhold, and leasehold licensed and other pro- Iferties, now being a.quired by this Corporation, amounting to £375,000. mustranteed for principal and interest by Peter Walker and Son. Warrington and Burton, Limited, who own the , whole ordinary share capital of this Corporation. "Yroents :—£lo Per cent, on application ; £3O per cent, on allotment; per cent. on 13th July, 1905. and the b remaining £3O per cent, on 15th August, 1935. `43lnent in full may be made on allotment at a discount of £3 per cent, per annum. TRUSTEES FOR THE DEBENTURE STOCKHOLDERS: The Night Hon. THE EARL OF LATHOM, Lathom House, Ormskirk. Hon. ARTHUR STANLEY, M.P., Derby House. St. Jernet-square, London, DIRECTORS: Sir CHABLBSeEDWARD HAMILTON, Bart., /Utley Park, Sandy, (Cambs.), Chairman. bit. PETER DABLAW WALKER, Bart., Osmaston Manor, near Derby. „. 11 LIAM ROYLANOB COURT, Erg., Manor House, Middiewich. WILLIAM HA. WALE ER, Esq., M.P., The Grange. Gateacre, near Liverpool. Jamgg moNRO WALKER. Escr , Peel Wall, Market Drayton. 401-in REID WALKER, Berl., Ruckley Grange, SbUnal. GEORGE HUNTER ROBERISON. hsq Piss Bewydd, Llangollen. MiItuRs.—PARICS HANK. LIMITED. London. Liverpool. and Branches THE NORTH AND SOUTH WALES K. LIMITED, Liverpool and Branches. lIROKERI4.—G, A. TING BY and Co., 34, Castle-street and Stock Exchange, Liverpool. 80LICI FOREL —RUT HBRFORDS, 43, Castle-street, Liverpool. tUDITORE.—HARMOOD BARN eat and BON, Chartered Accountants, 24, North John-street, Liverpool. 11CRETARY ELLI s VIGISTERED OFFICES.-1 5, DUKE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Corporation takes over properties to the amount of £375,000, thus leaving a margin or 50 per cent. over the ~„v.OOO debenture stock. he dsbenture stock is secured bc first mortgfge trust deeds on the £375,003 of properties. 'l5O sec fred by debentures as a charge on the whole assets. ,And further secured by the guarantee for principal and interest of Peter Walker and Son, Warrington and Burton, `l•lted, who will undertake the conduct of the properties and -businese. ..he interest, 4 per cens per anneal, is payable quarterly (and not half-yearly). ,t! RDA and wbea paid off an extra 5 per cleat, must be paid to the investor, making .2105 per cent. Walker and don. WarrintOn and Burton, Limited, the guaranteeing Company, have glass their converalou in a-I. in addition to paying interest and dividends on their capital, applied out of their profits to reserve and Arantee funds and in reduction of goo twill a sum of £1.200,000. erPplication will be made In due course tor a Stock Exchange quotation. etualt.losi_pe..etsl eoefeottn,hciLeiti m,i emorandum and art,cles o' association of the Corporation, the form of the trust deed and of the deben !. - .oenris:ooanl. ‘u so d the contracts referred to in the prospectus can be inspected at the otilfes of the solicitors, 43, Pectuses and forms of application can be obtained at the aloes of the Corporation, or from the bankers,l brokers, - licitors The e • aid prospectus gives the particulars required by the Companies Act. 190, and mentions other particulars relat- :lc 10 the Company. On the basis thereof only, applications from the public for decenture stock are invited, Ithis "uvertisensent not being intended to be a prospectus within the Me using of the Companies Act, 191).

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. ALL THE NEWEST DESIGNS FOR THE SEASON. SMENDID SELECTION OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S GOODS IN BROWN AND BLACK bLACE KID. GREAT VARIETY IN BOOTS AND SHOES FOR CYCLING, CRICKET, TENNIS, &c. UNDER THE CLOCK..

GEDDES'S DANDELION kiOFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND is. SD., EACH. Wan ESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. ESTA.BLISH ED 1833.

CHEAP GAS FOR GAS ENGINES. LIGHIING AND HEATING. ONE H.P. FOR ONE HOUR FOR 1/16 OF ID. FROM 10 U.P. UPWARDS. TUB INDUSTMAL HNGINBERING. COMPANY, HYDE

rrOILETTA POWDER PREVENTS CHAFE AND ALL SKIN IRRITATION in CHILDREN or ADULTS; never fails, so why allow Baby to suffer, when Is. Tin, post free will Cure ? TOILETTA CO., 5, IMPERIAL CHAMBERS, DALE-ST., LIVERPOUL. £SGO IN PRESENTS. SAMPLE PACKETS, 30, post tree. SEND STAMP for FRISS SAM PL.

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 1118773. YEARS. HARGRAVES' CIGARETTES. MANUFACTORY: SWAN-8/REBT. MANCHESTBIL

A. AND ell • NhAINE, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREBT, WHITECHAIEL, LIVERPOOL. One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-etreet, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of ever, description. OLD GOLD &ND SILVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actor Parliamen Strictest secrecy and stratzhtforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Sliver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China. Marble Clews.. Pictures, £O., to.. always on Sale. We ere now offering some Special BATV4AINS in DIAMOND JEWELLEHY. [ADM' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARF PINS, BROOCHES. .to.. Ac We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deeidhag on their purchases. ENQUIRIES BY I'osl RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices In Liverpool for Gold Chains. Carefully Zielectea Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, &a. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to snit all pockets. M 'LAIN E'S RICHMOND in 111F,F,T LIVERPoOt.

FREE! FREE!! FREE!!! YOU CAN TEST YOUR bICIRT AT HOAR AT OUR EXPENSE. ON RECEIPT OF POST CARD WE WILL MAIL YOU OUR HOME SIGHT-TESTER. WE SUPPLY THE BEST QUALITY IN SPECTACLES AND BYR-GLASsES AVERY MODERATE PRICES. WORTH OPTIC AL CO., OPTICIANS, 97 BRUNSWICK ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

LANDUONO. —BARON HILL, CRAIG-rDON.—Board- LI Ing listablishmett and Private ApartmAnts ; two minutes Prcmenade ; splendid views ; terms moderate. HENRY MIT NER.

LACKPOOL.- The NORFOLK BOARDING =ABMS _UP MRINT. 11. I ansdowne Crescent. Claremont Park. Unrivalled position immediately facing Irish Bea. Moderate tariff. —F. HARROP. Proprietor.

rrHORoUGHLY RHEA aßLbi P&HSON requires a post as I_ Housekeeper or Nurse to invalid, mental or otherwise ; or any position of trust, or charge of child ; good needle- woman ; ex&•ellent references.—J. H., 8, Leamington at., Oxford rd., Manchester.

LONDON. —Comfostahle Board-Residence offered for either 'visit or permanency. Most Central residental posi- tion ; two minutes Metropolitan Railway, ten minutes Oxford Circus, theatres, principal ahvoing thorougofaren Miss WIT?, 10 Colosseum derrace. Regent's Park.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUASH. HONE COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL NOR 13178INE&S OR PLEASURE.

ABER YdTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most 2omfortable Family Hotels In Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 24 guineas per week, or 9s. per day. aceorAing to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from ss. Table dliote at 6.5) o'clock For TABII7B au., apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

BATTEN ARMS HOTEL, WARRINGTON IT-TO-DATE CATERING,. ORDINARY DAILY, Is. 6d. 12.30 TO 2.30, SERVED IN DINING-ROOM. COFFER ROOM LUNCHEON As usuAL, 12 30 To 2.30. PRIVATE 1/00451 FOR SMALL LUNCHEON PARTIE3 ALWAYS READY. SPECIALITY—AFTERNOON TEAS 4 O'CLOCK To 5.30.

WEST KIEBY.—SUPERIOR APIRTMENTS at Ingle- wood. 33. BATON RD. 1119ENMAENAAWIt, NORTH WALES.—APARTMENTS, 18ft front —ROBERTS, Glaselgiou.

LLaNDUDNO.—Comfortabie APARIMISNTI, one minute from sea and promenale ; terms moderate,—Ntrs. Jo:VEER. Fern Bank, Victoria Avenue. BLACKPOOL.—Public and Private APABTKIINTS, three minutes horn Central station ; piano and bath.--Mrs. FIERCE. Culunlo House, 11, Palatine rd

OLD UOLWYN.—FUUNISHISIL) AND UNNDIII,II*tifID HO SAS to be le!; beautif al views of sea auks mountah,s; climate dry and warm.—D. Mac NICOLL, Betate Office, Old Cuiwyn.

ArddhOU.sl4 APAR.' wo Bedrooms. b I ttl ng Rooms ; pl. asantly situated ; with or without board; half-mile good fishiug.—Mrs. HAYWARD. Malthurat Farm. Minsterlev, oalop

F ANUASHIttIi.—APEsierf4ENTI, one sitting, two be-- 1,1 rooms, bath ; golf links within three miles ; uwlvlled mountain and sea air.—klrs. DES.SON, rern Lea, Devonshire terrace, Kirby-in-Furuess.

DLACKPOOL.-sdrs. 'Wine Derwent House 01, Albert LP Road, Sul. ezior APANTMENTS redecorated tl.ougbuut; pith or with .ut board; Sple. did Position witlnu one minute Central Station, Iromenade aud all amusements.

IIOY,LAKE, 01166 MOS.—Near shore and station. Sitting-rocnn and two bedrooms with attendance. 2.55. weekly ; or small IitIRBISHISD 11011611, 275. 6d.. let for August period. GAS 000kt-r.—Butn, b. Rudd at.

ABh/t6Outi, North Wales.—Farmhouse AFANTAIHNIS. two sitting-rooms, four bacirooms facing sea. beauti- ful views, ten minutes beach, sea and rivtr fishing, bathing ; 45 acre* rabhic shooting; vacant till Augi.st 17.—Mrs. Tfioares, Cre-igir VVeu. - - HOLYWELL, NORTH WALES.—To Let, for month or toi-ger, two detached Furnished CAtages. one all around floor ; two rooms, three beds ; grand scenery, sea view, top of mountain ; brawn,/ air ; elo,e to own ; now vaea,A ; rent 16s. per week e.ch.—AIKINS, 2 , n hitford at. Holvwell.

Lisix.p. Co DLYBLIN.—Tu tin LtsT, well- urnithed Bungalow House, for August, or August—September ; Overko,iux wxltr,on Leap Falls ; ban:dug ; two tntertaloing, five bed-room, ; to servants rooms,bath. lc. ; tsnni• lassn ; boat, ; near polo, golf, and Le, nit ; horse and car ; coachman and gardener.—FREDEKICK WOOKEY, J.P., Lelalip.

141,ACKYOuL.—nOW 'lO SHE IT, aud the West Coast, • Sm., most comfortably " TAKIi FURNISHRD HOUSH " Send parth:uiars Of aChomarioda- tion required, locality, and about weekly rent. Houses to Let and to be bold. unfurnished ; mortgages negotiated.— J. HINDLE LIALN,RT, House and Ilatate Agent, 3, Talbot Chambers, Black/AI-1.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOLISANDe OF LAMBS HAVs DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A eOON 'lO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anamia, Giddiness, Fulness and bwelling after Meals, Loss Of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 90.. Is. lid.. 2s. 9d., 45. 6d. and 11.. May be bad from all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the proprietor. Only Address 505, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL. LONDON .

.. . arc " s . _ ..“, ~.,...,.. , , . ._ .. , .... 14 1 a.,. 4.t:i1.:',:// 1. ' . ~.,4"--: -'1„..1.. ~./5.c...',14,,P,,k ic .• :,' • • -.osi.----' ,4;,';i1'4,•,t;,',1,3;-,., #;,,- 1i,,„ , / 1. • A,, . ,„ ~, ~-,',, , ...„-.) ,', ,0 •••::„.., '. ' ,%, •!,?,: ~.‘,,,i-!1.1,;•4. !1.1,;•4. ' . b = ...._ .-=. ~,,,. :2).4.,,,•',,,,'t „...r, ......, ~ ia . .-,,,..•9---,%),''• / .„...:i,..:', 0,4 , i CL*Ch,; -.-•*-pit..4ekA.:47:ii,' , • , ~ ,:(e,4a ~.',,",''',-.,;,Z,k ..,vte.N.'',, 'l°4 •wi ' ~. e1;;;7444,,itki ~,,, ‘do.-•••• •• •, 4,---,.. a ..at; ,;,,,' - ii. ''?' 'c ~ ~.,t.f.f:kt.. —17,,,,,,. ~• - .. ~ , . ~xx, *• ' , •fej7 R. 44,14., ~,p,, •'h 0.311 :-.4' .., •,, I ~. /1%c.,•"--- ' '-4" +4.1.1'..; ' V "41 .4...:ii 'l.:. IP ' .1.- 4 , 1.,, . .„„‘,..„A„.: ~,; ,'• ; ,-. '-t. \ _ • ,( "0 r "ri• -----L--- —* • . . te., lit . ~ • c ^...„,5-. - - g','..:-.'„!?-*,,..-... --,,,,,,,...-----_,,,„—rt.%. qi . •, • --- !.., ~3 c, \ ..:•fr'''. :.......„--' ----r--- . 7iiki ' , / ‘‘... / '' .........--1 . . r r) for fine , laundry worli. , vitill. 3. H. 111 i ..

IS BABY CROSS because of ECZEMA or SKIN IRRITATION? If so, One Box of GRANNIE OINTMENT will effect a Speeds, Cure. A 4V little at night is baby's delight. .A ;pother at teyto‘n done, Essex. writes:—" Grannie Ointment has quite cured lishv's eczema. I have tried several other creams, but they only relieved, whereas Grannie Ointment quite cured." Also , Cures Bad Legs. Wounds, Ulcers, ite., like magic: • • ‘l4 Boxes. 14 Stamps, Post Free.' Send post Card for FREE SAMPLE BOX, mentioning thi.s ajuce, to GRANNIE CO.. NORWICH.

CALEY'S Milk • Chocolate. BRITISH AND BEST. The Finest Sweetmeat for Children.

.. -•-_..4.—..-o-Tag:iii-7.•'.•••‘::=7.-• . -'-i.;:4Z-'7,.,i' vl 4 ~ ~ • o v „ , 11-.. ..- 7: :::RACSC; OF 'HE' R4'E3 :. a.Aktan THE FINEST ' \' Herb Herb Beer at Home. - pßplo 3 our own \ ' • ,t';'' rt.s Uan a• ultal •013 gdy A gzntj,.Q w ihe ital.*, pm awl, and . ' IN, \''' 1.,.." ar.”,....• ••• r heamt &Ink ontittaable. ~,--- A 't'tttliF'.. jual the thing ior Vat Cluldren's Corner. ' ,'•''.' A ed. I.3ottle makes 8 gallons. S.Ol, VIAKIICS-- .. . , Newball & klaison, Nottingham. , . ~.• , '7, P 1,,,i• • ,r, • -• • -14. 0 1 , y 1„, 0 ~., , . aWdroarna ana .ik k:11,7:611 CiortYll7 ~4, , •• ~,...K/Sl,l DI TWA NAV, RANT AND :79 CI 01.111 M, AM too Sac. ire,. ear LATEST ILLUS. ! f w rRATE D CATALOGUE You ~"1... to . • , eoesihie Idea how much 'ere cart help .01.1 In , selektiOn DI Artlahr, Well-made la .when ahich %111 4 1 -'BA.Bcfl'RTsHE.,,?[ e„%E.R.;iF ,r,' 2iFtnil; • •nAI whatever is phrchased from ea, it Ara • ' ,t; anprneed oh nill he 'aken haat a.nd the elDney . . ~,, ,eturned. Sw that S.. need hale no fear of , /tending f.d me complete let ~ ,• 4.,.. ~ THE CELEBRATED C.B. OUTFITS. • ''• No. a Coldarla a INell.mside. seDmeabl• Garments and .40,. Napkaw. I, ICJ r• ......,,, , . „ .1...:. . No. a a wh...4,ndsok,n‘mehweszt .24 2114,Gartnet.s and a des. "."'n, ~, ;.' No. 3 ha at beautifully detaHlseal Garments and 3 dna. Napkin.; for £4 4'. . Y 1 it,...,.......,C=NTAT,„...;.1=5 Ilarpt CC I BOLTON. ! mmusurnizuseinaw alkj

!ADVICE to CRICKETERS &ATHLETES v,:- CUT THIS ADVERTISEMENT OUT ~ and poet it at once to England's •It( ,' ir,4, .1, • , ''.;t;fra Practical Athletic Outfitter— FRANK SUGG, 12, LORD-ST., LIVERPOOL, and he ?eill send you his 1905 Cricket Annual FREE by return post. 4 Boundarle Bat - 21/- each 1 , - Special Club Bat 12/6 each

GoddardS- plate`f ' Powder ror neartirtg Silverflectro PhAek 34,td everywhere L/: 2/6.5. 4/6

3listellanous, on oate, ett. SENDBssA.sfsor2i.loiliegi hlt-S Lincoln.R"' Travellers' Samples.

BABY'S Superior Outfit LONG CLOTHES ; never worn ; very cheap.—T, STANDISH RD.. Fallowtield, Manchester T IME I LIME! ArChitects and Builders wanting good JLI strong Lime should apply to the TREVOR HALL, LIME Co.. Llangollen.

113 TROUBLE? Young men in any trouble or difficulty 1 shonld read EDGAR WALL/CR'S column "A Man of 30" in the Weekly Dispatch."

DRUNKIINNE93 cured by a sate, secret and sure remedy. Send stamped envelope to hire. F.A.1137LY, c/o Payton & Co., 112, Cheapeide, London, B.C. CIIGAR BANDS, for decorating plaques. &c., assorted or V one pattern. 100. 6d. ; 250, is.; post free.—J. B. GIRL- MG, 152 Canrym at.. 3..thlrliesb,ongb.

APE YOU IiNGAORD ? Then write for our new catalogue of artistic furniture. Corresponding agents wanted. —DIRECT SUPPLY CO., Llnsiade, Leighton Buzzard. YOUR TROUSERS.—Keep them tidy by using the ' Wedge' Trouser Press (Patent), carriage paid7s. 6d. TANLEY. JOHNSON & Co., 14. Brownst., Manchester.

rOTHEII'S MONEY BAVBR —That's our parcel of .01 Flannelette Remnants, is. 54 cost free. Makes the • Kiddies 'clothes—ant others.—DOMESTIC TRADING Co.. 48, Ash Grove. Leeds.

L' Vic RY Lady should use Kurlsit whlch curls and beauti- ..U.S fits the hair. Post free, is. 3d. per bottle. A sample mailed tree for 6 penny stamps.—LABOR.LTORY Cm., Holm- field, Halifax. Yorks.

22 co. JOB LOT of CUTLERY. Table knives, forks csrvera, tutcber's steels, &T., Or would divide 1,0 o small lots.—Address for particulars DAVIS, Silversmith, 76 Rtrkfiehle, ibeffield.

D AZORS that Shave, 31. Slegant finish, real Sheffield, hollow-ground, white inandle,deligh:ful tchu-e • narrow blade, 3s. ; broad, 3s 6d. ; carriage paid.—PßlPPs, .16 York grove, Peckbarn. Lon ion.

IEIRBE —lnteresting GARDENING PAMPHLET giving J. valuable Information gtatis. With's Plant Food, the Magic Fettilizer for Flowers, Vegetables, Sample Tins le.— WITH'S MANURE CO., Hereford.

A MAZINCI DlSCOVBRY.—Longitudes from -Greenwich LS clock give working distances and dimensions of the flat Barth. Plan on stiff card.— ixpence from MIDDLETON. St. Matthew's Gardens, St. Leonard..

BOOT DISALEKS.—Women's ~flaVlll Oxfords.cheap est in the world ; Box-calf fittings. sewn, 12s. per dozen pairs ; better quality, 134. 6d. Cash with order.— MCCOIINAL, LTD , Cambridge.

00T011 Nislt Whisky Direct. 50 years supplied army and 1t..7 navy; bottled under Government supervision. Dozen. 395., half-dozen, 2e. Sample bottle 3s, 7d. cash, delivered. Agencies open.—CRAN, Adelptd, Aberdeen.

RTTING. ETTII3O. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, .L 1 Bing Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.THOMAS Jouxsores, Net Warehouse 38 Corporation-street, Manchester.

SLUG MUTH !—Marvellous Discovery; instant death to all insects. Will eat as a powerful fertiliser without injuring the tender-8t vegetation —Post free. ls 3d. per tin of W. J DAWSON & Co., 26 Thane Villas, London, N. Try it,

VANCYNORK, —Great Reductions Large Parcel con- taining Mall, rich beAutiful colours for cushions; parcel containing Lace. very long lengths. ls 31. each parcel, carriage paid.-RD DuxnuaT,Mercht 38,Nottingham it, Bolton

ill NATO FLA N.l:z.—Pink a', Mrs. binkm, la. doz.. Delphinosms, Gallardias, Phlox, Summerflowering Chrysanthemums, 2s. 64. doz. ; Daisies red and while. Strawberry plants 2.5. Atbrlghton, Wolver- hampton. LID ISO N HOME PHON OGRAPH,wIth fan-tail reproducer 1.7.4 recorder, and horn. and 100 Edison gold moulded records ; cost £l3 16s less than three months ago. What offers for the lot ? Must sell ; cash wanted.—B. TAILOR' 45. Moss st„ Rochdale.

riIANN RD GARD N NhT 1 I NU. —Protect your peas, seeds .1 and buds from frost, blight, and ravages of birds ; Nets, oiled and dressed, 36 square yards, Is. ; an be 'out, any width or length ; carriage paid on orders over 6s.— HENRY ROBINSON, Garden Net Work,, Rye, Sussex.

INIATII BROOCH} S and Safety Pins. quite the 1.11. latest, rolled gold mounts, hmad coloured all well- known celebrites ; pretty and uncommon ornaurent,a bargain nicely carded and boxed; postal order is. —G. Box r 595, do srtanaow /4 THATCHER, Holborn Plane, London, W.C.

BARGAIN.—Gent's High-srade Coventry Machine. per- feetly new, not soiled ; best tyres and tubes ; plated rims, free wheel, rim brake, gam lamp. and accessories ; sacrifice, £3 19s. 6d. ; approval willlngly.—T. HUSBAND. Ciairgrove House, Ashcombe rd., Weston-super-Mare.

LlREB.—lnteresting Gardening Pamphlet ; containing re markable discoveries for producing luxuriant Blooms, Fruit, Vegetables, making prize-winning easy ; gardening profitable ; mincing certain. To convioce you will send large Sample Tin for 15.—Wzra's Fertilising Experts, Hereford.

ripo BH SOI D.—Faraworth, near Wldnes.—The extensive .1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lend, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HOMCING, 16 Fenwiok-street, Liverpool.

ASPLIEWID present for lady: Miniature of rhe Madonna and Child painted by hand in rich colours ; as brooch or pendant. Mounted in solid gold, 7s. 6d ; in fine silver heavily gilt, 4s 6d. Sent registereJ in velvet-lined case,—GOLDSMITH, Manufacturing Jeweller, r 2. Duke St, Dowelas Isle of DIRn

VISH.-9 stone 001). Ha.DDOCKi, 10s ;7 stone 1. Plaice. 12s. ; Headless Haddocks. is. 4d. per stone ; Salt Cod, 211. per stone; Finneys, 3s per stone; Kippers and Bloaters, 2a. 6d. per box ; Oysters, ss. per 12); bass of selected Flab, 2s. 6d. ; Red Herrings, 2s. 6d. per box.—Lao Y & SON, Fish DocK, Grimsby.

UM, PAS rit and 'JACKS ABOUSHICD. BU 1., Notices, 1. If Menus, Drawings, .te., instantly fixed by Arthur's Patent Bill and Notice 4rip3 ; cheap, quick and durable. Time and money saved. des s and dirt prevented. Illus- trated eireultr, poet free from GEORGE .I.lminxBON, Bole Agent, 58, Rose et., Garnethill, Glasgow.

lIBMINGTON TYPBWRITER,No. 5. splendid condition. damifice £7.-fiaarmiow.l3l,Nelsoq nn..Horneey,London E'CTRIC BELL OT FIT, complete, including battery, bell, wire, &c, 2s. 9d.—HUGHES, Leasowe r ,Wallasey.

TOD RCIPBS.—Ie. PO. addressed to K ARLOS 163 Thathank It rd., Norwich, ibrings you 3 invaluable Recipes for Photo-mounting paste, Karla Blood Purifier. Universal Cough Relief.

I IAKES for Garen Parties, 2s. eacb.—Tennis, Chocolate. kj Walnut, Battenberg, Jte. Original Bah Buns, 2s. ooz. Post tree.—Moonr (front 103rtt's, Bath), High-2laee Confec- tioner, iSurbiton.

DO NI/2 MISS THIS. A SOUND Investment for sums of £25. Wholesale busivess. 10 per cent Interest Guaranteed. Particu- lars from K., 152, Latimer rd., London. W.

ARE YOU UNLUCKY? No success in love or business ? If not wear lucky white heather pendent, which attracts success, happiness, riches. Is.—Pasrort, 121, Finchiey rd., Hampstead, London.

11DLOUSES, Grand Varlety.—Delainemes, 2.. ; 28. Stl and 4s. 6d. ; fancy muslin,. ditto. Beautiful i• MB, se. 6d.; Printed Voile Skirts, 5.. ; Costumes to order. Carriage 4d. extra.—BANDoLPH, 15, Shepherd's Bush rd., London.

RNTS ! THRTSI l—Tents suitable fur gsrdens, cricket, or camping-out purposes. 40ft. In circumlerence, pure linen, with pegs, poles and lines complete, These tents are white, and have only been used a little by His Majesty's Government, and cost over 23 eicis I will send one com- plete for 85s. each. Price lists of IMarcpees post free.—llY. Joirx GA.SON. Government Contractor, Rve.

wlllur, AGBEL't RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MARE, WARRANTED, POT lEEE 2e 6d., 35., 4s. CD., AND 51, CD J. O. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

AGENTS WANTED to sell the patented Helios Flycatcher retailed Id. each. —Apply 274, Goa wraLL RD , J)ISTRICT AGENT REQUIRED ; hairdresser preferred. Apply 83, STOCKPORT RD., Levanhulme. Manchester. OUNG LADY APPRENTICE for iFANCY COUNTER. I —Apply BENSON, Draper, Sankey et., Warrington. DHIPSMAKIEG.—GOOD COAT and BODICE HANDS WANTED.—AppIy BENSON, Draper. Sankey st.,W'gton A DOPTION —Respectable couple wants Baby to adopt; rt good home, premium.— airs. Flu:in), 18 Tanesfield, Wolverhampton.

AGENTS Wanted, for sale of Patent Goorkey Guide ; real novelty ; good commission ; sample 6d.—Duax & Co., 54, Aibboorae rd.. hlitcliam.

BtAcK .—Youvlie Han (25) wants ISMPLOYMHNT. good 'boor. used to town or country work ; first-class references if required.—H. PARRY, Cal Havoy. Llanferres, near Mold.

ADY AUEST WANTED for supplying addresses of mult- i-A able people for our goods.—Apply for partle ilars. No banvassing.—PAßlßUN MAZIDUCTURING CO., 24. Hilton at.. fnancbester.

ANTBD CARR of CHILD monthly or permanently :in healthy country with reipectable people. Easy terms end good refertnee)—Mre. B ABBER, 58, Moen rd., Cadisheed, near Mancheater.

DON'T PAY RENT.—Purchase your House and Insure Life at little more than :r our present rental. splendid. scheme Full particulars. —PEARCE. Star Life Office. ‘4. 01,1 field rd.. Beth.

A EIINT.3 WANTHD, in every town. with connection El amongst Corporations, Builders, Factories. Collieries, Ito.—For particular, apply by letter to C. 8., 2 Bar mifield rd., Bast Twickenham. London.

W' OWNIthS, FARBEIHRS, CM/HIBBS, Itto.— Gentlemen wbo are well known to the above may add largely to their Income. No intArferenca with present buil- uess.—Apply T. H. GARSIDE, ICH, High It., Manchester.

TTLADIRS.—Is. 2d. only; au easy and pleasant way of adding to one's income, by writing to W S. HALL, 419, Wellington it., Grimsby, and enclosing la. 21. for sample with full particulars, Money returned if not satisfied.

OCBAN LlNBRS.—Persons Desirous of becoming Steam- ship Stewards, Stewardesses, Butchers, Bakers. Cooks, Pantrymen, Stokers. Trimmers, ice.. forward addressed envelope for information. —W. BREAKELL.Birkdale,Souttaport

QA.NITARY iflueliUkOttS.—Lady Health Visitors; ElOO to £350; several hundred Vacancies annually, open to ; 400 auecesses. Postal Leisons now Commencing for Manchester Exam. ; fee 255.—MusttENC, Science Teacher, underiand.

~HOPPING BY DEPUTY.— A Lady with a thorough knowledge of the best London Markets offers her ser- vices and many years successful experience for commissions of all kinds. Address Mdme. Lisa. 22, Victoria Chamber., 55, Chancery Lane, London.

A SAFE INV tiTIM ENT 1-1. FOR LARGE OR SMALL INVEST ORS. PAMPALST POST FREE, THB OONTINBNTAL PRBMIUM BONDS 00., 31 WIIST SUNNISIDB. EUNDBRLANO.

NITANTIM to purchase or sail Antique and Modern Fur- niture, Plate, Pictures.Ourios,Guns. Parcels received, cash same day. Old or modern furniture of any period cooled and made to order.—PADDINGTON ANTIQUE FUR- NITURE STORER, 33 Pried at., London.

LIDUGATION bY POST.—AII subjects necessary for a Pro L. 4 fessional or Business Career TAUGHI: BY BXPHR Languages by native Professors, General education as the best schools brought to student's Own borne. Special tuition for adults. Ib,ooo students au ccessfully trained. Fee moderate. For particulars of training in Shorthand. Booa. keeping, French. German, Chogr apby, History, Science. Mathematics, etc.. etc., write for our new pamphlet to CLARE'S CORRESPONDENCE COLLEGE. 1,2 13, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON.

WANTED MEN, Young and Old, to write for our book "How to become an Blectrical Engineer ?" sent post free. It tells how thousands gain setter positions and salaries studying Electrical or Meetanical Engineering at Home by poet; en lorsed by Thomas A. Edison and British EleCtricians.—Address ELECTRICAL ENGINEER INSTITUTE OF CORRESPONDENCE INSTRUCTION, 413, Norwich House, 13 Southampton Street Holborn, London.

OLD-ESTABLISHED PAINTICb.'d, DECORATOR'S, and GLAZIER'S BUSINESS, in Wrexham for Sale, through death ; Ingolng £lso.—Mrs. M. B. EVANS, 7, Argyle-at., Wrexham.

FANOY DRAPERY and SMALLWARN BUSINESS for DISPOSAL, hest thoroughfare In Ashton. present ten- ant In over thirty years, 111-health cause of leaving.—Apply 34, MARKET AmitlE. Ashton-under-Lyne.

HIGH-CLASti BAKING BUSINESS, compact premises fittel wita machinery and electric power, tO sacks weekly ; splendid opening for )onog psrseverlng man with capital ; established over 70 years.—W. T. 3300 RE, 12, Ashton Old-road, Ardwick, Manchester. PHI/I'A, GLASS and HARD WARS RUSINI3dB for Sale main road ; splendid stand.—Particulars apply J. Stnnow, Estate sod Business Agent, Union Bank Buildings, Warrington.

U IGH CLASS SWEETS (SALFORD), together with Photographic Business. Vendor will teach purckater business. Owner retiring. Very large stock and good supply of photo materials ; profits T 3 10s. weekly ; price £2,30 everything.-7. N. Sham t Co., 83, Bridge St., Manchester,

GOLDE WYANOOTTII3.—The best utility fowls —Egg, from prize-winners, 3s. 61. for 13.-11. CLIFTON M untale Farm. Westbury. Salop. FOWL CORN, 7s 6d. 108. 64. 12s. 64. 2401ba. ; Pig Faod, 7s. 64. and Poultry Meal. Bs. and 10a. per 2001bs.— BoCHE AND Co.. 15, Gores plazzaa,Liverpool. Mention paper. SOME PEOPLE KEEP FOWLS, others buy Ovary Tonic and the fowls keep them. Success guaranteed, so why not try It ? Bottle by post, is. 2d. and Is. 31 Ce„ Shernall it., Waltbamstow.

LIGGS FOR SITTING from pure bred birds. Buff Orping- All tons, Black Minorms, Black Legborne, Houdens, Blue Andsluslens. Silver. White and Partridge Wyaudottea, 21. 6d. for 13. —TAYLOR, Poplar Farm, Hough Green.

PARTRIDGH WYANDOTTII EGGS, from splendid pen of prize bred massive typical birds, Wharton's strain, extraordinary lavers. 45. doz. unfertiles replaced.—Mrs. GENT. Prospect Hill. filcher Welton. Preston.

-VOWS Brown LEG ,OHNS, Hurst' htrain also White 111 Leghorn and Blank Minoroea's from noted winning strains, 3s. 6d. per sitting ; duck eggs from large Aylesbury's 6d.—A. SCHOFIELD, Newmarket, Poultry Farm, Taunton, Ashton-under-Lyne. TOHN WHITAKER, CAREEA.D. Oroasnill., Keighley, can el supply EGGS from pure bred Birds. and the best laying Strains obtainable. Houdans, Andaluslans, Mlnoreas, Red- caps, Silver and White Wyandotte,, Euff and Black Leg- horns, 2.6 d. sitting; clear renlae.d.

SPRINGFIRLD POULTRY FARM, Bro.tdway, Blackpool. —Eggs for Sitting from high-class selected layin strains ; Buffs, Rooks, Brahmse. Minorcas, Leihoros, Ando. luslans, I. Game. and the o,lebritod Aylesbury Ducks from 3s. per dozen, nbleks end 1P...3,110v% from Ind. -ach.

EGGS for ATTING from splendid pen of Black Leghorns, excellent layers of large eggs (i) years test breed) give these a trial and you will never regret it ; 31. 65, per doz.. 2 doz. carriage taid : unfertiles replaced if returned ; no Sunday business.-7XMEs AIIROWSMITH. 112 Cemetery rd., Acliington, Lancashire.

IiATHITE WYANDO &T, White Legborns,Black Mlaorcas, Eggs from pens of each of three best laying breeds existing ; White Wyandottes and White Leghorns won in the four last annual laying competition. My birds are bred direct from winningo ot Mo GIf L pens' l strain. W t dg tLYI no Wi Sy15. (1 ) now reluoed to 35. 6d.—PRICE - GGS FOR SITFIS—Mr. W. Hilton wants to draw .the 4. E attention to Poultry Keepers that be is advertising the following breeds for sitting comprisiog of White Leghorns, Blue Andaluslans, Sliver Wyandottes, Golden Wyandottes, Buff Orpington's, Brown Leghorns, Black Langston'', and I:louden*. 38. a sitting ; also grans pens of Black Minorcas and Black Orplngtons at 45., worth double. Also a grand lot Of White Aylesbury Duck liggs at 3s. a sitting. All unfertile eggs replaced. Inspection invlted.—Note the attires's, W. HILTON, Long lane. Hindley Green, near Wigan.

a • GGS FOR sITTING.—In returning thanks to my rj numberless customers for past favour I again invite an inspection of the following pure breeds of fowls Black Minorcas, Black Leghorn'', White LeghJrns, Buff Leghorns, Brown Leghorns. Blue andaluslans Houdans, Indian Game Barred Rocks, Golden Wyandottes, Silver Wyan- dotte!, Lancashire Buff!, Buff Orpington Black Orptngton ; also thefollowing first crosses mile,bird first Indian Game and Lanshan ; Lanshan and Black Orpington. Houdan and White Leghorn, Black Minorca and Blick Leghorn. All these 21.6 d. per sitting, all home packed and put on rail 35.. Indian Runner Ducks same price ; also a special pen of Buff Orping- ton and Lamborn' 3s. 6d. per sitting.—Address, Newton-le- Willows, HENRY DRAPER. '205, Newton rd., Lowtort ; a few minutes walk from Lowton it. Mary Station. one who from tram car. No business done on Sunday.

'VCR SALE, TWO BESII-DETACHED VILLAS. No. 2 J. aud 4, Lodge lane, Bewsey ; bathrooms and w.c's ; large gardens.—Apply LLEWELLYN GRIFFITHS, Cheshire Cheese, Latchford.

BUI LDI NG LAN D.—Oakdale-avenue, Overton, Fro &sham, beautifully situated. 15 minutes' walk from station ; to be leased in plots for detached, or eeml-detached houses.— Aunty to ToPw LITTLER Fir Bank, Frodsham.

ripo LliasSICL) in Latchford and Grappenhall.Buildhaz 1 Plots for one or four houses. with option of making freehold ; building tie £5OO per house, sewer, water, feneed and planted—WlLLlAM AND N EGAit Owxst, architects, War- rinstOn.

v. _ In many couritlee, tor cottage, shop. farm, or mansion; plots from £lO each, or £2O per acre (good roads), payable by Instalments, free deeds; houses, shops, and bungalows.—Mr. BRAKE. Fern- b3rough, Rants.

QOUTHPORT.—DETACHED RESIDENCE for SALE. KJ three entertaining, eight bedrooms. all conveniences ; good grounds splendid po•Itlon for medical man, or as a private residence_i price £t,400; £B3O may remain.—Apply 35 SCARISBRICK NEW BD.. SOUtDpOrt.

GARDEN CITY (Residential only), South Westmorland. —Quarter-acre Plots and upwards of PRENHOLD LAND where sea and mountain air abound ; price, Including street formation, one shilling per yard ; easy payments if desired.—Plan and particulars free, BYXON AND box, fdeathop Park. Grange-oyer-85nds.

111.911 i, NEAR OHRSTSR.— To be SOLD or LICI: 4 Freehold. Double-fronted DB rACHBD VILLA. Centaining, 2 entertaluiag rooms, four bedrooms, ac., good kitobeos and pantry, excellent cellar, washhouse, stabling and outbuildings, large gardens, back and front, for full particulars.—Apply B. PARKER, tindermount, Helsby,

II 01.78135.—N0T1CE To PROPERTY LEVRSTORS : A most desirable investment. Eight of tie best and most substantially-built Villas in Warrington to be Sold In one or two lots or In pairs ; slttlng-roorn and front bed - rooms, bay windows ; 8 rooms ; bath, hot and cold water, w e , and lavatory; let at £22, and rates.—Apply 52. Sr. RY 'EI ST., WaTringtol.l.

A sins-Ls tbs.t Wiil speedily grow good ti head of Hair sent for le. Id.—Mrs. THORN, 29, St. Oswald's rd., Fulham. London. DIPHTHERIA t SORB THROATS.—Prevented and quickly cured with Harris's Sore Throat Powder ,• post free 70. and Is. It t.—H•enfe,Chernist.Streathavn.S.Wr

WOR ItIiIiUMATIS6I and CIOUI, try Buckitv.'s Heal—th Tea ; sure cure : post paid for is. ; write to-dsy. —Address BIICKLAW'S HEALTH TEA, £3. Grainger it., Darlington.

CLBRGYMAA'S SORB THROOLT.—Vocallsts, Actors, and Speakers use Voical Syruo ; renders harsh voices clear, soft, musical; 4s. 64. bottle.—Voma. 00.,12. Devonshire rd, Cboriton-cum-Hsrdy.

MARRIAGB.—Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women ; a new edition just published Post free 3s. Bd. London. —SHELLEY BG CO„ LTD.. 38, Gracechureh at.

P ROP. VERNER'S REMEDIES.—Antemia, Bronchitis Billouneae. Indigestion, Rheumatism, Eczema. Piles Obesity, dm, epeedily cured. Medicine 15.4 d. per bottle post free le. 3d. ; Hair Restorer. le. per bottle. PROF. VERNER, (U.S.A.), IS, Vernon et.. Bolton.

CIONSUMPTION.—IIIidIand Open-air Sanatorium. Beauti- fully situated in a park of 25 acres, 750 feet above sea level, gravel soil, south aspect. Estabiistied 1898. Specially, constructed out-door chalets—For terms and illustraed pros- pectus. apply. THF. SECBETART, Bourne Castle, Belbrough- t on. Worcestershire.

WAGGONKTTH (Ingle or Double), brake ; excellent condition; cushions. rubber mate, roomy for six ; 211.-29, HIGH ST., Manchester. N SALE, large WAGGIONETTB, with cover, carry 22; 1,/ Smaller one, carry 10 ; also GIG, suit 12 bends pon,. Low Drices.—HICHaRDSON, Holland Moor, g Upholland, rim.. Wigan.

CHADWILIK GIG, rubber tyres, flee springs, large hood, lamps, cushions, complete, adjustable shafts, l 5 ; also harness; will exchange for pair ponies, 11 hands.—Bllar. Avondale, Wrea Green, near Kirkham, Lanes.

pc? avamp.—Gent's high-grade COVEN IRY MACHINR, AI perfectly new, not soiled, best tyres and tubes, plated rims and free wheel, rim brake, gas lamp, and accessories ; Sacrifice, £i 19e. 6d..aporoval willingly.—T. HUSBAND, Chargrove House, Ashcombe Road, Weston-sup d.-11are. CTCLB for Tlisposal, gent's high-grade machine, as flew not soiled, free wheel, Has brake, plated rims, pneu matic tyres. mud guards, gas lamp, aud 'all accessories; genuine bargain, £4 41. cash. lowest ; approval willingly.— K. GILL. Wavenev Villa. Beech Road, Weston-super-Mare.

I AUNDRYfdIiN and others, four wheel pony van, suit -LA pony, 10 to 12 bands ;in good order, VIM £lO 10s. on small pony covered lioat,very cheap, £2 10s. one large covered float. wheels had good deal of wear. body and cover in new condition, £6. —Apply LAtrximir, 69, Tweed it., West Derby rd., Liverpool.

TUADI'd SAFISTY.—BargAin. nearly uew, not. sound tree wheel. silver-plated rims, beautifully lined in gold; rim brake ; high-grade Coventry machine ; best pneumatic; tyres ; celluloid gear case ; all accessories ; £4 10s., lowest , no use to owner; genuine ; approval will.nev.—K. STUCKEY Oak Villa, Clarendon rd., Weston-super-Mare.

910 CYCLISTS.—The CYCLIST'S FRIEND. No more porous Tubes. This marvellous Rubber Rejuvenator will make old and porous Tubes as airtight as when new, Bent post free, with written guarantee, for a Is. Special terms offered to Captains and Secretaries of Cycle Clubs.— J. JAMES, 86 Belgrave rd., Wkithamstow, London.

, IRELAND, IRELAND IRELAND, INTENDS TO MAINTAIN THE HIGH REPU- TATION HE HAS GAINED BY CONTINUING TO MAKE BICYCLES OF SUPERB QUALITY AT MOST REASONABLE PRICE MACHINES BUILT TO ORDER FROM £.6 10e., WITH FREE WHEEL AND BRAKES. SEND VORLIST. SANKEY, WARRINGTON.

STARTLING FACT.--GENUINE OFFER. Cash. per month Royal Falcon Cycles £6 10s. or £7 10s. at Bs. Royal Falcon Cycles £3 Bs. ~ £9 93. „ 83. Royal Falcon Cycles,t speed gear £8 10s. „ £9 10s. „ 83. itudge-Whitworth Standard £7 15s. „ £8 15s. „ Bs. Rudge-Whitworth Specials £lO Os. „ £ll Oa „ Bs. r.wilts Specials £7 15e. „ £8 151. „ Bs. Sunbeam Royals £l6 16s. ~ £l7 17s. .. 15s NOTE :—CHALLINOIL OFFERS TO ALL BUYERS OF CYCLES by deferred payments that in case of sickatss or out of work payments may be suspended. NO COLLECTORS EMPLOYED. NO SELLING OF ACCOUNTS TO MONEY LENDERS AND °VMS. DEAL ONLY WITH CHALLINOR, 100-102 BRADSHA.W GATE BOLTON. LISTS FREE. SELLING AGENTS WANTED.

LOANb GRANTgD ON THESE TERYIS £5 TO £5OO. LOAN £5 REPAY £5 12s. Ed. LOAN £lO REPAY £ll ss. OA. LOAN £2O REPAY £22 10s. Od. LOAN £3O REPAY £33 15s. Od. LOAN £5O REPAY £56 5,. Od. LOAN £lOO REPAY £ll2 10s. 0.1. Larger amounts in proportion. Call or write to W. JACKSON, 70 PLYMOUTH-GROVE. MANCHESTER.

NO PRHLIMINAUY FEISS CHABOHD. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL BUMS (NOT LEB9 THAN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 20 years the total amount lent by the undersigned EXCEEDED £1,250,000 He has received hundreds of unsolicited letters of thanks and has annually, for the past nine rare, issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, free of charge, on appliaation, either personally or by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT. 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. BSTABLIBERD 1870.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, 1:10U. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. ' EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, TOOT Or THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER JOHN E. GOOD WIN. .G.-13:81ALHaha1 ah thlq 14e1r,.. Pnv YAW'S .

IMPORTANT TO BORROWBRS. NO FEES.—.£IO to £l,OOO Advanced, on day of application, for any purpose to alt classes, on simple Promissory note ; no security ; terms to suit borrowers ;lw Interest ; any distance ; our straightforward dealings and rely terms are well known and recommended ; special rates for short periods ; cash advanced at borrower's honse if re- quired.—Apply in confidence, STANDARD LOAN COMPANY. 4, PARKlift fiTRIIHT, WARRIMGTON,

VRONI £3 AND UP WARD. OONT FAIL. 'll/ 12 GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. ES repayable Is 6d weekly £2O repayable 7s 64 weekly, £5 „ 2s 04„ £5O ~ lre 64 „ £lO „ 3s 64 „ £lOO „ 36s 63„ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply In con- fidence to MAUR= AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Klee COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURS, 9 ain to 9 pm, N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE /313/0 TO. ESTABLISHED OVRR FORTY YEARS.

NO PEES l NO PINES II NO PUBLICITY II I RQ AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY Pi In STRWTH3T PRIVACY to all respectable House holders, Tradespeople, Farmers, and all persons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, "on simple promis- sory note only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit sit classes. Distance no object. Call or write In confidence to THE OHMS HIRE ADVANCE CO., 25, Cairo- street, Sankey-street, Warrington ; also at 16. Greenwood. street. Altrincham. Head Office e 59, Brunswick-street, Hlghlown, Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

ADVANCES £3 TO £500.-DON'T PAY VEII.B As those Offices who ask for femwill only pocket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO SURETIES REQUIRED. NO RESPECT- ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through Illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFORWAND dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply and be convinled to the—Manager, J. CALVERT, CLAUGHTON CHAMBERS,I, CLAUGHTON TRIM opposite Dr. Knowle ii Sl'. HRLICNa.

<2o£lo, £l5, £2O, £25, £5l1—AD V A.N MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT on NOTES of HAND ALONE, SPROIAL*TERMS FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit made by our Manager on same day o application who will grant you the money Al ONCE satisfactory. NOTE s THE BRADFORD ADVANCE Co., 69. 11 AYDUCE STREET NEAR Tni MARKET PLACE EARLRSTO WIC

CHACt4IIII?..—WINCH AM HALL, Lostock Gralam. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GI LS. Large Mansion and Playing Fields. Excellens Resident Staff. Great successes recent Examinations. N Certificates gained last Term. AUTUMN TERM begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references, views, from Mies PARERS. Principal.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

(ZOLITHPORT MODERN 6CROOL. Scarisbrick k•-. 7 New-road. One of the LARGBST PRIVATE SCHOOLS In the North of England. Staff includes a 13:A.. a and an Officler d' Academie etc. Languages, Science and Commercial subjects at inclusive fees. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.0.P., F.R.G.S.. Head Master.

FOR SALB one Yorkshire cock, one goldfinch mote. one flight cage, and several smaller cages.-757, KNUTSFORD RD., Warrington. A LITTER OF FLAT-COATBD RKTRIBVER PUPPIES fik. born March Ist. Dark Byes ; plenty of bone. Bred from pedigree parents and excellent workers. Price £1 each. JOSEPH PEkrIBON, Lutwyche Lodge, Near Much Wealock.

GHRENGROCHRS AND OTHERS.—Smart Welsh Cob, 5 years ; warrant same sound, quiet and a good workers. any trial to good home befere purchase ; light Cart and Harness almost new: lot £8 10s., or separate ; real barg sin' Insist sell at once.—Apply 33, STOCK STREEI' Off Lord street, Cheatham Hill road. near Cheatham Town Hall, and Corporation street, Manchester.

IT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE to BUY YOUR LUBRI- CANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-CLASS NON- CORROSIVE largest sale In the world. ENGINE OIL, 110.. CYLINDER OIL, 11:-d., MACHINERY OIL. Hid., SPINDLE OIL, 90,, GAS IsNGINE OIL, Is. 61, DYNAMO OIL, Is. 6d. per gallon ; in barrels, free and carriage paid.— RELIANCE LU6RICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 and 20, Water lane. Great Tower at London. H.C. Also 99, Great Clyde at., Glasgow ; I,Sandhill,Quayside,Newcastle-on-Iyne

pATENT OF F MANCHESTER RSTABLIEIRED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha ,S more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with thts Establish, ment andpossess practical knowledee of the cotton,wooller and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. 9EORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A C. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

T. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LlMitsll (late Orrnerod, Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment M WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase :4 all Wheel, Proley and Tooth Block Patterns Esc., teionglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road iron Works, Mancheater, ann are in a position to Supply CASTINGS. Millwright,ma all kir ds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and eulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic: address Ormerod Gr:erson. Manchester'.

Zig "Cyamincr " eric THII WARRINGTON AND MID-ORESRIRE EXAMINER. lished every Saturday morning. rr HE RUNCORN EXAMINER, IMlbllShed every Friday after noon. It is the best weekly paper ii the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Adver Users. rifaHl3 WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Friday after noon. Whines contains the largest nuinter of chemtca works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly grow- ing centre of industry. THE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday atternoo3.. rrHE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, oublisned every Fr:day J_ afternoon, THE EXAMINER SERIES. PREPAID ADVERTISENIENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Rix Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 36 45 54

THE EXAMINER. JUNE 3rd. 1905.

LIBERAL VICTORY AT WHITBY. --- Polling took place in the Whitby Division on Thurs- day for the election of a member of Parliament to fill the vacancy caused by the succession of Mr. Ernest Beckett, Conservative, to the peerage. The candidates were Mr. Gervase Beckett, Conservative, and Mr. Noel Buxton, Liberal. The poll was declared yesterday (Friday) as follows : Mr. Noel Buxton (L) 4547 Mr. Gervase Beckett (C) 4102 Majority.. .445 The figures at previous elections were 1885. 1892. E. W. Beckett (C) 5,049 E. W. Beckett (C)... 4,909 Arthur Pease (L) Conservative maj 340 Conservative maj. 1,083 1886. 1895. E. W. Beckett (C) 5.078 E. W. Beckett,unopposed J. M. Clayhills (L) E. W. Beckett,anopposa Conservative maj. 1,138 NOTES AND NOTIONS. The people of Runcorn and Widnes were Oar:spree -',With delight on Monday. * * * It has been remarked rather cruelly that the only fatal shot fired by the late Baltic fleet was the one which .1"- 'sunk a British fishing boat on the Dogger Bank. , * * * "Every human being has a right to find, according ' lo his taste, the way of social happiness as well as to Paradise, and to show it to his fellow men. No matter whether he is right or wrong, people who hear 'him will decide for themselves."—Stepniak. * ' The Runcorn Rural District Council and Board of Guardians have a reputation for the 'expeditious dis- Patch of business, but on Tuesday all records were broken. The meetings of both authorities together lasted barely an hour. Proliably the fact that an ex- . • eellent luncheon (provided by Mr. S. Taylor, J.P,) awaited the members in another room dispelled any desire to debate at length. * * * Councillor Pemberton seems determined to get at something in connection with the Water Committee's contracts, and his pushfulness is extraordinary.. On the agenda for next week's Council meeting he has several pertinent questions re the bill for work and extras at Winwick,and also a couple of special motions, one instructing the Engineer to disclose all papers, letteis &c., in connection with the contract at Delph- lane, and the other appointing a committee to inquire into " the very large amount of extras." * * * Victoria Park bowling green still looks very trim and tempting, but it is not yet in use. Sonic people '• aver that it never will be to any large extent, but these folk must be pessimists. For some days now the committee has been engaged in erecting a sub- stantial-looking pavilion at a cost of £l6B, anct we can ' only hope that dere will be some revenue in return for the large expenditure already incurred on the t" venture. 'Meanwhile a sub-committee is to consider rules and regulations, and fix the date of opening. Oh! these sub-committees ! Some of them twiddle their thumbs while time flies. * * * The amateur photographer who desires something new on which to practise his art will find a valuable suggestion in a recent " pastoral " issued by the Bishop of Chester. The worthy prelate writes : "0, that it were possible to photograph a selfish soul, and by the exhibition of its shrivelled and distorted ttgliness, to open its possessor's eyes and shame him into wholesome living and laudable service !" What queer negatives would be developed if this were Possible ! * * , The residents of Standish. near Wigan, evidently know very little of military matters. On Saturday half-a-dozen Warrington Volunteer signallers marched -through the village on their way to the cyclists manceuvres, and the excitement was intense. The Populace turned out in full force to see the men march past, and one youngster was heard to comment to a companion "I say Billy, they're off playing cricket; •- Yon chap has th' wickets." The "wickets" were the legS of a telescope tripod. ** * • . The Bishop of Peterborough has been warning his Clergy against scandal-loving women in their parishes saying that the talking of these " old cats "i often led to serious dissensions in a parish. It reminds me (says X.Y.Z. in the "Daily News ") of a story of the Presence of mind showed by a clergyman's wife. One of the gossips of the parish was visiting her, and the husband left the house in despair. Returning an hour later, he called out to his wife, " I suppose that old oat' has gone, dear ?" The gossip had not departed, but the clergyman's wife had the wit to reply, Yes, ray dear, I sent it home in a basket this mormng ! " • * The Parks Committee of the Warrington Corpora- -1O ir would do well to emulate the example of the Accrington Corporation. Plants have been sent out to the various day schools in the borough, for the 'scholars to cultivate at their own homes. Later in ,the year a competition will be held, when prizes will ue given for the best specimens brought in. We are inclined to think that such action would be far more Profitable and helpful than the unfortunate quibblings and sectarian jealousies which have recently cropped 113. When will some of our representatives realise that there is still much progressive work to do and that children may be benefited, by a display of ordin- -417 commonsense ? . .

SUMMER •NOVELTIES. FEW PRINTED YOURS, DWAINE% PRINTS, BLOUSES, SUNSHADES, ETC. NOW SHOWING. W. T. WILLIANi9, WHITE HOUSE, SANKEY tumor. WARRINGTON. • Telephone 336 x.

FOUND THAT FOR QUALITY AND VALUE IN WINWI AND SPIRITS FULTONS HOS. CANNOT BE BEATEN. FULTON BROS. 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALSO AT FULTON'S BUILDINGS, ROCHDALE. • Telephone 2261 Royal, Liverpool.

(r)-1 • • • , aP .I\ll**4• • 0 14i) .in-screw cannon.- Ishion -

1' \ • ' . • 0 t ; • ~..4 C / r \ A '''''.........}' . ' 111 Frrew-imck, with the cue ball only one-sixteenth )f an inch from the object ball.—Extremely dim. alt strokes.

• 4 ,b I 4. de to: ii i ill 4. . i i 4 fi, , & 1 ' 1 1 1 / ii , It relli iII 1 i ) 1 I II 4 __, • .1• / ir • % / , 4,.. . i s /1 \ i ' 1-: / F A screw ii The rig _. ir and

THE BEST SUMMER DRINK, iced or cold. PLASMON eocoa is non-heating. One cup contains more nourish- ment th arr ro cups of ordinary Cocoa, and is absolutely free from chemicals. . •4I In tins, 5d., 9d., 1/4 and 2/6.

1 - 14.,...,,Rtf :- Ji? • . • ''';',.."30'14",- •,`'. -,•41:".,..:-..''.;:." . . ~A.,'",..i.; 1•;+•;%'..,:7,;;;-7,:qi,."-;;;':1?":,,,,,,,•::•.,1 ' - • •-•.,.''''....04.•:.A;•-, •)::•,-;..1 '''... ".•C..,s•7:'..,t,::';'<ic:. . ' 7..,:';',:s.:•Xtfe:••••V•"t:••i:: • iike• s• , :. ...::.;•...r:z,kiii::::::',..:2::::;:...a*:::•,.:::••••t: gA -f,t ,: •§,•.• ,W.'4,-.2.:Z::,:::),\SAAIt • :,k*;:::: iv, , :..fi'...,.:,,,,. .i.,•;,.... ~..-,,,v.,..::::::.:::::*:,,,v .).,.....,, 1 f ::•"';. •• 6:F5*,4:,,56..1' •ii.ie.f.ii.l 4.:*j:: ..!:...;.: I 0Q.:„....4. ....,:t-w .; t 0,,itt,>,:i.:'5....,..§i...N.i.-,,...tif. . :.4,1*”..'...*:',.i.4.?•00..: '..ik ' "' ''.....'1.i,...-:::.:::::, •-•:::.--.:.-:::::...,:.:.i.::i.:::::.,...:::.:.,,,y7.1,...:......4:ii:,_:.i...i:::.. q•'''..'-',t.4,4:ffiiii4l4kii.:;:iii;ll..M '';.t..161'..i..::.."' ...:,......'..:P.':',,,..?.%'....,:...:.:-::::::,...,.,.:-......i..i11ii.i....:igiii:g ...:•;....f..,:...:-'..:,..„.N,--'.......: :i.,-.:::::::-,.......:".44.-silftit:i:.:..;:.ii;.-..:i.6',', . if. ...,- ,,. , ~,,,-...,,, • .„, . ' `,,,,,.- ..::•:::.:::i.,...,,,:.6..?,:i;,,...,......,<.;....0,:-.,ii:.:4‘....34.;...:i',::'....!'?;;.,,,.. "-::j.::.i.::i.i..?.....t.::;.,•;:'?.,'6i'g-.:6i,.4,1:f1ji.a.....:::.:i:........:6.6:::::U.--,' I 1iiii,..g.:•::....:!:,;,:.i.!;.....:.:.t,.. ~....::. ::::.i.:1...-...i::,:,,,,5ii.p.....„:„....,4,.:::.;...._::.,:-..,:::;.!, 1 ~,,,........., .... ~.. ~.-:,,..4.- .... ~......::.. :::::?......:..•:.::,,,,..e....e.--,.-:-....,.::::: A ~.....„.„..... ....:,...ii:....,, -„,...:.:.-:.:;:......ii......i......::iii:.ii...:::::.:...::::......:::...:.*i:i,.:,......:::„........ ........„.....:„...: ~.„.. ~.,...,.:......:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::.:....::::::::::::::,:::::::::::::„.::....; ~.i.m.m„,::i.,,..i : :::...,...,...........„...,::::::„:::.:.:„....:::...............:.:::.:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:i*: [.

MASTER FRED KRT..TE. .-. • Picture to yourself the happiness that came to that home through Iron-Ox Tonic Tablets ! The anxious mother's heart which was daily oppressed by e, the pale face and listlessness of her little girl now - —thrills with happiness to see her daughter once more strong, once more healthy, once more happy. When her little boy was bilious and suffered from headaches, the mother turned to Iron-Ox Tablets, and again found them a friend to be relied upon. , They cured the biliousness, banished the headaches , and helped the little boy to grow stronger. • A Dainty Aluminium Pocket Packet of 50 Tonio Tablets for Is. If your chemist has not got them they will he sent post free for Is. by the Iron-Ox Remedy Co., Ltd., 20, Cockspur-street, London,S.W.

THE INFECTIOUS DISEASES • HOSPITAL. Local Government Board Inquiry Into the Borrowing of £1,016. , Colonel W. It. SLACK, ICE., conducted nn inquiry at the Town Hall on Wednesday into the application of the Corporation for power to borrow the sum of £1,016 fOr. the purpose of their infectious diseases hospital, Aikie— street. There was only a small attendance and 1110,. Opposition was offered to the application Those prer sent included Councillor Skelland, Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Mr. J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), Mr. Ut,ongdin (borough surveyor) and Dr. Clonal. (medics) °Tear of health." Toe TOWN CLERK expl tined that tte application WO ; to meet the excess of expenditure on the buildings. In answer to the Inspector, Dr. GORNALL said he was perfectly satisfied with the arrangement. Mr. E. ENGLAND, on behalf of the Property-owners' Associationsaid he did not oppose the application but wished that a more vigilant eye might be kept upon COT" tracts as contracts and estimates were frequentlY exceeded. That fault was not peculiar to Warrington hut was the same all over the country and he therefore did not find fault with the Corporation officials. The Property-Owner's Association was of opinion that generally a closer watch might be kept upon contracts, The Inspector examined all documents with reference to the application and subsequently visited the hospitaL • ST. HELENS. TWELVE MONTFIS POrt A DANGEROUS VA GAB9ND• An unusual charge was preferred at St. Helens oa Thursday against a man named James Dillon, who was dealt with under Section 7 of the Prevention of Crimea Act, 1871. The Chief Constable said that on Saturday, the 20th inst., Mrs. Webster, of 131, Prescot-road, 103 going along Westfield-street with her purse in her left hand, when she met prisoner, and he tried to snatch the purse, but failed. Mrs. Webster followed him doe?! the street, and gave him in charge. Dillon then butted the officer in the face, knocked him down, and kicked him. During the struggle he bit a piece out of tbe officer's left thurab:—Dillon was sent to gaol for twelve' months' hard labour.

1

Now is the time at the seaside when many astonishing habits and practices can be noticed among cyclists of both sexes. These include the carrying on the bicycle of parasols, tennis- racquets, cricket-bats, pet dogs, &c., and they are no doubt interesting ways of demonstrating the rider's familiarity with the wheel, and though quite harmless when indulged in by riders of sufficient skill, are certainly not to be realm- mended. Wood Rims and Rim-Brakes. Now that wood rims are so common on light road mounts it is well to call attention to the fact that good wood rims present no drawback to the use of rim-brakes. The brake shoes employed should not be too harsh or hard in substance, or there will be appreciable wear of the rim. The writer has used a rim-brake on a front wheel wood rim for more then a year without any sign of injury to the rim. Nor has there been more than average wear of the rubber shoe, which acts as smoothly and silently as on a steel rim. In default of a hub- brake in the rear wheel, it is possible to have a wood rim sheathed with metal to take the friction of a powerful rim-brake. Two brakes are essential where a free-wheel is used, as it is obviously dan- gerous to depend on one brake in descending long hills when without the aid of back pedalling. Properly fitted, a Bowden brake may be relied upon to uphold its repuation for efficiency under any circumstances. The Ecco brake, sent out lw the Eadie Manufacturing Co., is particularly suited fop use on wood rims of even the narrowest pattern.

• ;4.1 v,„ • 1111111 F • RAKE The latest and best development In 47 jir Bicycle Brakes. Unique new principle. Operated by a slight push of the fingers, produces Instantaneous actaon back wheel. Gives great retarding power without strain oa band. 0.• Molt ("irk dew:, fits it. Dsseriptios Booklet pot fret. VIM BRAKE SYNDICATE, LD., V 73, WORCESIER. IVIILEET, BIRMINGHAM.

A MARVELLOUS PERFORMANCE.* I ' r • :.` .: • 1; 4. : -. _ . LONDO uN Elms GIL , IV'ilo SPEED eto uovav : r IRO „ oaxi9G3 ni .I„c`' 1904' ousiTEsp A , THE ONLY TAJO- '• ABLE GEAR TO EVER DO THE LIKE. THE ORIGINAL INVENTION. FIRST lAND BEST EVERYWHERE HAVE IT ON YOUR CYCLE, AND TRAVEL FARTHER AND FASTER WITH LESS WORK. BOOKLET FREE. . THE HUB TWO SPEED GEAR CO., LID., 4 Greengate, Salford, Blanchester.

YOU CAN'T DO BETTER THAN CHOOSE .4" - I AO:'" • k The most popular bicycles of the 1905 season. Great reputation, and full of the good qualities that constitute perfection in cycle manufacture. Machines of highest excellence at the most moderate prices ever heard of. POPULARS. ti de Free Wheel, Two Rhu Brakes, Plated 6.15.0 Rims, High - grade " Tyres . . • • STANDARDS. DTsteerin, Lock, Free Wheer, 8:8:0 Two Rim Brakes, Plated Rims . . RACERS. As used by Mr. 011ey in his famous Record •icp• Rides . . . • TWO-SPEEDS Everything of the Best, Including the genuine Hub Two-Speed Clear, 10:10:0 that makes Cycles fly up hills . • • Our 1905 Catalogue, full of charming Pictures, interesting Portraits, ad useful Information, seat post free anywhere.

THE NEW HUDSON CYCLE CO., Ltd., BIRMINGHAM.

LOCAL AGENTS: W. COOK St Co., 152, Peasley Cross Lane, St. Helens. F. CRABTREE, Bridge Foot, War- rington. J. AUSTIN, 56,King St,,Earlestown.

, ' THE REAL PLEASURE OF CYCLING no,°'',, ' Is only known If you ride a _ty• ek .a.-7 .L.... =r-- _,,hv ; A ..... P f .0..7 - ii, r- i, Ar or, &.../.. d, , ~.. r ... r , e. , • - cr ' -.0"1- k - M .11 c.t. t`4-'104,,-.....-,, ....a.°‘• The Bicycle that is "Made like a Gun." "3 <7........- BICYCLES - £8 Es. to £l6 lbs. Motor Bicycles 35 tins. Motor Cars 200 to 475 tins. Writ* for ART BOOKLET OF ROYAL ENFIELD CYCLES, or better sbn, call and inspect them : Altrincham, CRAGG & SONS, 32, Church-st. Lymm, B. TAYLOR, Ironmonger. Ashton Hayes, W. R. BADROCK. Cycle Agent. Runcorn, J. W. BOOTLE, Cycle Agent. Frodsham, T. BOOTLE, Cential Cycle Depot. Warrington, W. H. BELLIAN, Sankey-at.

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE . RAPID CURE. OF OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM, BY , BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. ' "I TARE NO OTHER!" -- 13, Robin Hood-street, "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Isle-of-Wight. Mona Cottages, November 29th, 1904. Coalville, Leicestershire, Dear Sir,—l feel it a great jpleasure to drop you a June 4th, 1904. line to say how much good I have derived through Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received using your RheumatiaPills. I have had Rheumatism off from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two and on for several years. I was recommended to use months ago and tried almost everything, but got no your Pills and SINCE USING THEM I TAKE NO OTIIEK. I better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that have likewise recommended them to others and they AFTER TAKING TEEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED also wish me to let yon know what good theyare doing I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs them. I shall recommend them to all I know suffering Beings miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks from Rheumatism. You can make what use you like of to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I this. I remain, recommend them to everybody myself. Yours truly, Yours gratefully, JOHN CHAMBERS. JAMES WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all In- injurious matter, and are highly restorative. -jurious matter, andaro highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, ls. lid, and 2s. 9d, or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles Is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, 1 r post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE RADE, 232, Goswell road London. GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or- little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stopptes. Others might be used but COCKLE'S PILLS as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer. eeeKLEips FREE FROM MERCURY. 1 TI ;ILIA-CS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. pi /4 „Ls. For BILE, LIVER ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, eitc.

We Sell Properties e? Businesses No matter how large or how small or in what County, Town or Village they are located.

England. "A new and decidedly up-to-date kind of estate service."— The Smart Set Magazine. Ireland. "A welcome feature is the high standard of integrity insisted on."- - Irish News. Scotland. "His mode of business justifies at least praise."—Glasgow Herald. Wales. "Your system is far and away superior to any other."—T. Morgan (Newport)

To the Man who wants to Buy. The magnitude of our business enables us to offer you various advantages which no other Estate Office can possibly offer you. Some one or more of these several advantages will surely enable us to save you some money. No matter where you are or in what nart of the country you want a property or a business, we can serve you—effic:ently. It makes no difference whether you want a 425 building plot, or a £23,000 estate, a 45e, retail busi- ness or a £roo,oco manufacturing enterprise. or any other kind of property or business, we want to heir from you. You will get the best possible service regandless of the size of the. transaction. Just the property or business you want may be on our lists. In any event we have the facili- ties for finding it for you—quickly. We are not only in a position to serve advantageously the man who wants to buy a home or a business, but also the man who wants to make a profitable investment. We merely invite you to look over our lists you won't be pressed to buy—and in any case, whether you buy or not, out entire service is at your disposal free of charge.

We will send free 1. 32-page Booklet " How your Property or Busi- ness can be Sold for Cash." 2. 50-page Booklet "One Hundred Endorsements of Ernest's Methods." 3. "The Estates World." A 24-page weekly journal, contain- ing particulars of 1,000 Properties and Businessesfor Sale everywhere. In writing for either of the aboz.e state requirements. Write nearest office to-day.

To the Man who wants to Sell. We invite you to write and let us know what kind of property or business you have to sell and how much money you want for it. If your property or business (no matter in what part of the country it is situated or whether it is worth or £5o,o0o) is desirable and the price fair, we would like to submit a plan (free) for selling it. Tie plan will interest you even if you have no idea of ever placing the property or business in our hands. If we can sell your property or business at a better price and more speedily than you could sell by any other means, you certainly want to know how and why. Years of the most active kind of experience offices in seven cities, hundreds of representatives throughout the country, and an annual expenditure of "Lio,cco in advertising, &c., enable us to handle property transactions very expeditiously. If you will send us a description of your property, including your lowest cash price, we will send you a letter of advice free of charge, telling you the best method 'for snaking a quick sale. Do it now.

• LONDON: 307, 308, 309 & 309 a, Moorgate le • Station Chambers, E.C. :cc 05Is MANCHESTER: 86, Cross Street. •fi'‘ i‘ LEEDS : 1, East Parade. BIRMINGHAM: 43, Cannon Street. L WRITE NEAREST OFFICE TO-DAY. Telegrams: "Erneutest, London." A

100 YEARS ItEPuTATIoN . 131.*- "D R. ROBERTS' POOR MAN'S FRIEND.' The beg. Antieeptic Ointment foe Mining'. anal . Skin Inieen,es. HEALING, COOLING, SOOTHING. Ofoh clen,ists, or of BEACH & BARNICOTT Ld., Bridport. Priresl;l/ r2/9 4;6, Sc. pore Pr,. sv.t.k*P.mphk-e. '

THE BEST WAY ficLiaricl:„/:liti:4„ia,..dny rby experience. Thousands of users had WASHING AT HOME with Bradtersl " Vowel " Washing Machines Is the best way. Catalogue. and fell particulars µsst free froca THOMAS BRADFORD & Co., er.,,,s Iron Works. Salford ; 130, Hold Bt.. Liverpoo_,l • Victoria A van.A. Doansgva, ataneewter ; 10442, nigh liteltsorn, Londe%

EVIRRY CORN Afinliitely removed by CORN CURE Moat rucces‘f.il'y applied for over 2) year. Po.t free lr. :IA and 2r. 3.1 • RETFP Co.. 34. r-banitivick Place, Edinburgh.

PATRONISED :BY ROYALTY, NOBILITY ETC :,' ," ayg • '•: , • . , ..- ~, .. . - . • • • • - ' -e--'—'-~1---t ~, #5011P751r,•••,:,. tZW-Z'g•—..,---"i(sC-. " ,2f,1 Th!. ' . ' • ' ' -(•—• ;.:..:::0:.i...::&::,&:...,:. NITS'S • ITs-'f,''",:ogmmonlaii::3, op PITTS'S "LI ~„.. :.:,.,:,...:.:::::,imimiiir.:,;, p . •sa piki . z. rt:. "MODEL " ' .i;i:';W:::.::‘:N;Oi:VAi:.ii•>!..f,;.:l:.]i,.ii.:., tt " SPEC IMEIt - ..?i, .. ~. :iiiiiiiifti.i:;:t le -- ...,-- ... p...e, FURNISHED ;: iv .:::lER•i:A.:::.::.:i:iii:... ~i,..*:;::::.:ii;iin .. 4 1-UHHIriLu ROOMS, - c'; NOUS ES, ' I iMitgn:::::::::isl..:::::; • *:i:i:i*i: ...!f,. .1 ..••..,..............„,„,.....4,,, (T !Virni+2i7TtroY ),..- 4.4 te.'s '. '.., SfFeor:/viecoonßoßouoionomema9s: : ~ iiiiii..:::,..:17::.:::1::iii:::;;011::::;:::::::?t:Liii::::::::::::i.:::::::1:::::::::::::.::;L:....,i4c:...,;.7........:::;:::::;::::,;., ii. 1A0,0,..,Gayu....Hne:: cvaicehv., repres I" nt , M:i44::**;::::.::: •::::,ii..., .!,' -1: UT M° ST •-i '-; . '''' ~.:' .::,. . ..1',..f ::. '1 : , ....ii. ' . ; p Lendon Eoad. r VALUE . 1.: obtainable. ~ * ''''''.*iiiii "-..: "-',.; • ~ 61 . ': ... . i:;.'• ' . :: 4-2 MANCHESTER. : ::::.• -- . .. . .. z,\,, - ,•• 41-...:.• ....‘: . SAMUEL prns % ,z 4 •' . THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED 'FURNISHER IN THE KINGDOM -Au •••.9) E... ,

TIRED MEN. Wben Ton are tired of taking mysterious prescriptioncand weary of wearing BlAatri2 Belts, write to me, and I will send you a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may he quickly and thoroughly cured of NIDIVOUSNESS• BICHAOSTIOI, Vf&RICOORLR, %rut DRBILITY, from any cause whatever. winiour STOMACH fdIIDIC:Nv, or BLROI'IIIOITY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent seeled,post free, for two slamos.—A• J. LRIGH, 92 and 93.Glreat Russell St., London, W.O. Over seventeen years' successful results •

80 PAGE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE. Wholestrr!ces,C=Nl=tce= seh:/,..t,,7 PAtt 7., cYc" care:Chine!" tsw.erAssucan•hdt-L•a%7L.: 0 Send for Liat , lIIV, * F.ve Aceersorr. keiS .. 1110 Fran7e, Tvrrs,.Wheels, &c. rS '- 5., per cent. less than othrr rnalc•rs. . WarrlielW a Ca.- Weston-a-Rare. England.

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. Registered No. 40,378. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED. _____ W Used in the Royal Laundrleg. Sh)uld be used in ev,sry house. I ' On tri,l, %Isav4 .ant Pd. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NE W The srreaiPst boon ever offered to the laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linn, Laces, /tn. It does not stick to spider-wet,- Ike materials. Bold everywhere In Packets at Id.. P., and lid, each. PREP &5D f`rILT BY T. ORIOTFILEY, Chemist, BLAeKBURN. 7, Mnltecross Street, London, B.C.

t _f COSTAR, pQ DER Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S C vistaed is the one tiring needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. isr; COS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

, FOR WORMS IN CHILDREN If your child is dull, drowsy and colour- less, occasionally has an abnormal appetite and also has an offensive breath, it is almost a sure sign of intestinal or thread worms which may easily and safely be got rid of by using WORM TABLETS. At all Cltemisti, lIV-; per tin. USE KEATING'S WORM TABLETS.

pines LISTS Printed on card or paper Mustrated, U r.quired. ADDRESS nr VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type. POSTERS OF ALL SIZES DANCI3.9 CONCIaTS. BAZ &ARS. lINTINGS. SPORTS. SRRVICICS, TILL PARTIES. ANNOUNCEMBATS. JOHN WALKER & Co., INLEPHONE. 355 Y. PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
