===== 0002601_19050610_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
I'

BOLD STREET N'SLEYAN C RUkt,ll, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JUNR At 10.30 Rev. R. wILK I NS HERS. At 8.-;0 Nev. G. H. OARNSON. All w.lenm.. Hymn Ennio' nrnvidpiri.

No 1364 ONE PENNY

GONDUCTFI) TRIP TO ISLE OF WIGIIT JULY 18T ;PARIS. JULY 12TH, IFSLIX MILLS, 163, Lee Street. Oldham. Stamp.

fWALTER J. ti ICKEN of 59, iiomg- STRbEL WILL NOT BE RRSPONSIBLR FOR ANY DbETS UNLRSS PRRSONALLY CONTRACTED.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. EXAMINER" OFFICE, WABRING'TON.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
szkorimpAy, JUNE 105 1905.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
jilatbuierp, etc.

(AIL lINGINII.—The • Victoria ' Is the simplest and best made. ()beep and reliable. Send for interesting cata- logue, post free —WAr..s.Er & CLARK, Guise ev.L.eds.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, ex ALL kind 4 nf BOOKS BOUND any Style from the simplest to the most elaborate.

EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON]

By POST 1 i 736 per Quarter 6s 6d per annum is 91 per Quarter credit

fortls, oporos, znarbin, 05tabg.

ONDON.—WHITB STASI HOTIsL. 17 Woburn Ouse, Li Russell scrare. 'Bed and breakfast 3s 6d.

TLFR COMBK.-2dra. GROOM. Cityley House, Atontpede; Terraee, Board or Apartments. Grand pea-riew. 'tamp

I WiTHlNG.—Board He [donee. Minute se•t. Terms V from 185.6 d. weekly —A., 6 Brunswick Bsphinade.

WEST KIRBY, Chethlre.—Claremont. floscota Park ; oldest Boardin.t Ratabilphment. H. Ottgni.

lON DON.—W here to d,op iron/ 3s. 63. dally•—AistlNDEL HOUSE, Private Hotel, 21 Upper Woburn plsee. W.C. Central for stations and theatres.

DORT ERIN. ISLii OP NIA.N.—BRADDA BOARDING I. HOIIBN, facing sea, large garden, 26e. weekly, 4e. 60. daily. No attendance charged.

ROTESSAY.—BLYT/ISWOOD BOARDING HOUSE, overlooking Bay and Esplanade ; home comforts ; moderate. nech.ctious made on parties over six.

ROl 148 SAY —WINDSOR BoARDING HOUSH. Most popular House in Bit. ; on Promenade ; overlooking Bay ; unrivalled scenery ; excellent table.--HL a- ELL

COLWYN BAY.—Bliactus Boarng Itstabilshment, close to woods. statio.t. and tponlion ; terms moderate cyclists' accommodation.—T. C. GRIFFITHS, Proprietor.

riOUGL • B.—Tower View BOA.RDING HiTABLIIH - MICNT, 3. Loeb Promenade ; splendidly sltuaten ; mAg- nificent view of hay and headlands ; terms mod. —COM, GUT.

111LACKPOOL.--The NORFOLK BOARDING BSTABLIS H - 1111‘14T. 11. 1 ans.:Lowrie Crescent. Claremont Park. Unrivalled poeltion immediately facing Irian Sea. Moderate tariff.--F. HARROP. Proprietor.

Ipart(n ents, int rntOtb '0 plot 0, etc.

DEIN PdA6NAIAWR. NORTH WALES.—AYARTMENTS, men front —Roßmars. GlAseigfon.

ST. Annes-on-the-Se*.—Well-furnished Private Apartments CORNTEM.LITE, Hoslyno, Richmond Road.

DLACKPOOL—APARTMI4 NTS ;good lea view. Terms mole-hte.—fdra. Ntea, 199 WarOreck rd.. North Shore.

s...ICARBOROT'I3II.—Ciood position ; home onnforts ; trains. Cs Write for trrms. Mrs. elanzeoN, Lsreh House,Ralel h s.

DWLLHULL—APA tint H.NIS, 2 enter., 3 or 4 be.room•, bath. piano. pleasantly situated, mod.—HUMPIIHETN, Hill Side.

YiliA3l.—One shilliii rer day each person. 12s. per week,two persone,inclndlng attendance.—Mrs. DERKLM, 22 Albert st.

IILACKPOOL (Opposite iiiisnoilestar Hotel). •Oottsfortable Apartments ; terms mod.—Mrs. ANI/10111/8, Victoria Noose. Hesketti }toad.

D LACKPOOL.—Dahy Bank. 9. 'fvldeslev 'Terrace Promenade.—Public and Private APARTISIBPTS.terma moderate ; Mrs. INGHAM

rrolu/veY, DEVori.—LONIFOhTABLE P4ISTISSENI'B, with or without board. Terms moderate —Mrs. Hosicir, 71, Bllacombe Church rd.

HYL—APARTMNTS. private or public, with or witn- I t out board ; borne comforts ; partles catered for.— Wrt.maars, 7, Bodfor it.

DA.NOOII, Co. Dowo, Ireland.—Viniora can have com- l.) fortable APARTAIhNTS, with or without board. —Mn. STEELE. ?, Hatfield terrace.

ClOlTTHlPOßT.—Comfortable APARTMIINT9 ; home from h..rne ; public or private ; central ; terms moderate.— Mrs. BROWN, 21, Riding st.

CIOLWYB B&Y.--a.omfort able APitlallibißlTß. near beach %j station and woods. with or without boar4.—Huza.nr, Fallowfield, Bhlw Bank avenue.

SOl6.ltH .ItOUGH—APAtinilleiT3, Public and Private plane ; three minutes from sea, spa, theatre and station.—WATlClN, 9, Vernon Place.

BIACKPOOI .—Public or Private APAATAIIINTS l new beds; good crooking. Central Preserve.--actiress Miss TOZALINSDN, 89. Tbornby ,d.. Blackpool.

COUTHPORT.—OIean, homely APARIMBN rd or Board; Aj moderato terms ; eloso to pier.—AutwOßTHB. booth- land,, 18, Victoria it , Promenade.

Dlitlil3YcHlßS.—Vcmfortable BE i) and SITTING- ttoo bracing situation ; good accommodat ion for cyclists.— Mrs. B. N EticDa•M, The held, Bakewell.

HAR/104AM —Const ortable APA IS HTB ; South aspect ; Pear wells, baths, &C. ; moderate.—Mrs. FIOLGITE, NewINOCIS. eywood rd.

I)LACKPOOL—PubIe and Private APAIiTM /MTS. three 1, minutes from Centrkl Statioa ; piano and bdtl3.—Mro. PIERCE, etilunto House, 11, Pa)patne rd

DULICILA.—COMFUtiTABLE homely elme to Nulling creek ; term. IF tricuy moderate.—Mrs. Pueu, Gaineborough Hoiie. Roy4l terrace.

BLACKPOUL.—the !kisses GROH, 3, Lousde e ro. Lytham rd. (ntar Manchester hotel) ; with or without board; home comforts ; bed. 2. lWd psrsone. Piano, bath. Private sitting-room on seasonable terms. Write now,

===== 0002601_19050610_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
FINE ART DEALER.

THR lARGEST STOOK OF

PICTURE 0 ER-MANTELS

IN THE TOWN.

BRIDGE-STRERT, WARRINGTON.

Rpartinents,,furnisbeb 311000, &c.

W/CiT •PARTMENTS at Ingle- wood. 33, BATON RD.

A PARTMENTS TO LET. Se% and mountain Mr.—Roams. LI Olanrafon ti, use, Morfa Nevin, N. Wales.

T 0 Llt T. APARTMRNTS ; terms moderste.—Address MRS. JUNE% fiallryn House, King's Avenue. libyi.

A PARTEIRNTS, Dov E OOTTA G titonethwaite,Borrowdale, II Keswick; wo bd. one sitting ro)in Apply as above

1-SLII3 OP MOOI.—COTEAOR 1311 LET. Furnished ; 2 1. ,it., 0 bed roonne.—.Mr,. CORK•V, Gleofaba, -ar Peel.

iuMFORTA RUC APAUTM II id. Terms moderate, good cooking.—Ddre.SmlTH,Netleyki.use.Victoria rd.,lorboro'

APARTIMINTS. (root ro .Me, with every convenience.— Apply 8, //AIRFIELD RoAD.toOkto lath,Warrngton.

D_ OUGLAS.—Mre. QULYLE, 27 Peel rd. Bed and break- fast 2s. 6d. Full board 4s. 64. Beds (two persons) 2s.

AIRS. ROBh TURNER.—Comforceble APARTMENTS, 10, Goßoom BT., Southport; 4 mius. from Pier. Bath, w c.

I lANIT,IIRFISORAN.—APMST 11111 ITS, two entertsiniug, IA four bedrooms ; lovely scenery. —Sirs. Jcures, Q wary 17iew.

TLXLEY. TOltird.—Elittlng and 1-3 bld rooms, bath. ke.; south aspeot ; lovely views ; terms moderate.—lanaHax. ivood's-plsoe.

COUTHP3RT.—Ifome from borne APARTMENTS.—Mre. CHEETHAM, 9 Barrett it.. corner of Gordon at., Post Office. Lord at.

*lOAll6OliOl/GH.—Comfortable Apartments, nubile end 1.1 private. Sea view.—slrs. PICICERCI,LL. Ashville Rouse, Ashville Avenne.

LACKPOOL.—Mrs. Gmatiaa.w. 2, Belmont Villas. South Shore; APARTIIBMS and Promenade. Stamped envelope for reply.

J3l LACKPOOL,—Bed, cooking and attendance, Is. each person per day. Piano. Book Central citation.- Sirs. BROOKS, IJ, Central rd.

AT RS. BUTTBRWORTH. 11, Savil e rd., Blackpool.— .13.11_ &PART MEN PS Is. per day.with full board 4s. inclusive. Reduction for families.

ISUI OP MAN —SUPERIOR PRIVATII VILLA Ti) LIST FORNIUMED• Adapted for restful 110:laay.—NEPTUNE VILLA, Port et. Mary.

COLWYN BAY.- APARTMENTS, board opt.lon4l, Beds from 14. 6e. ; 11.112 station and sea.—Mrs. HERBERT. Marina. Greenfield rd.

CoUNTRY APARTAIHNTe Near Blackpool; piano, bath, and good stabling.—Mr. SNOWDEN, Bungalow Castle, Thorntow-le-Pylde.

fiLli.VßlAtlrS.—eomfortable arid oeleat AetilaMliNTS V facing sea ; pubito or private. —Mrs. BRJOICKR-OLIIEF Weit Lynn, Prorr,nade.

BteIPHAM, BLaCki:POOL.—Comtortable A PeATMFINTS. close M sea : golf, trams, nice views ; write for terms, --SHRRDLEY, Cliff terrace.

DBMS BANlS,—Oomtort.ble APARTIiiINTS, 5 min. LP from baths ; terms moderate. 14, Moreton it., Whinington, Northwieb.

B- LA OKPOOL. —Public and Private APARTKIINTS ; good accommodation ; central all places ; sea view; pianos.— Mr.. FIRTH. 47, Adelaide et.

SOUTHPORT.—SuperIor APARTMLINTS, two minutes from Pr tmenade ; borne comforts; moderate terms.— &fro. BRISTOWE, 33. Avondale rd.

G LA SG 0 W.—For Tourist. Splendid A I'AUTM b NTS ; cheap ; very central ; Rood board ; day or week CRAIG 58, twee It., • arnetblll.

SOUTHPriIIIT.—Mrs. BINGEILM, 31 Houghton it., Corn. fortable APARTMANTS two minutes (rum Chapel st., Ration. Very central. Plano.

CIOMFORTABLII A PARTME NITS at reasonable terms ; near sea and park.—H=3(as RoUrrrasr, Warbro rd., St. Mary Church, near Torquay.

D AMSBY, I.O.M.—Comfortable Ni APARTf-N iN, private ILL and public ; terms moderate.—. (rs. GRIFFITHS, Gladstone House, Gladstone rd.

DUBLlN.—Visltors can imve COtdFORTABLE BID- -11001111, central ; moderate ; board if required,—Mr. lioninoN, 37. Lower Gardiner et.

BLAOK POOL, N.S.—Superior UttNISH ROUSH ; 6 beds. 2 entertaining rc,ones ; piano; every convenience. 10, BOOTHROYDON. Oar ehalttn

A IEIHMYSTWYTH. COMFORTABLM APARTMI3N ri /-1. 50 y,•rde from beach ; srnlu. atatloa.-11r. NEARNE Tebyg-I-Gartref, Castle terrace.

BUXTON. —HOMELY APARTIIHNTS. grounel floor NM- rooms t..rrue m-iderate, on application. —BLoor., Man- chester House Fairfield Road.

DLHASANT country APARTMHNTi, sitting-room and -L three bedrooms, acoommodat« cyclists.—Mrs SHEPHERD JubTlee CottAge, Thornto,!e-Mylde.

DORTRUSH, IRKLAND.—APARrifiIIiNTS with or with- & out board. Near sea, golf links. Piano, Moierate —Mrs, lISINDOCK 95A, 0111413 WAT it.

DLAClEPOOL.—Comforcable APARTMHATS, public or _LS private board opttonal ; terms moderate ; sta view. BAN K 9, 19, Wellington rd , south Shore

PLACKPOOL.--tiood ACOOMAIODATILIII. board if Al required. at C. GRAHAM'S. 45 Livingstone rd . Palantine rd.. near Central station and Pier.

rpo LBT FURNlSHlill.—rdociern 1.1..H158 ; north shore L near sea, tram* and golf links.—Misa WORILEY, 6, Warbreck Drive. Blepharn, nenr Blackpool.

WUST KIRBY.--Comiortsble A PAttni IMPS, splendid position. facing sea ; good cooking and attendsnee. Terms moderate. —MARINE Rouse. Promenade.

APAW:IIBSM. Furnished or unfurnished ; pleasant our. look ; bath ; terms moderate. —Mn. DAWSON. 7, Walton Crescent, Lower Walton, near Virarrinaton.

17 INDBRMBRR.-Comfortable APART MllNTP,'plensantly VV oltuated. Board If required. Bath, Piano.—Apply Mn. DEAsorr, Brookwood Cottage, Bllerthwaite Road.

DeingwßLL.- Lady wishes to receive PAYING GUSSTS _IJ (ladles or families) ; comfortable bedrooms; bath (b.and C.) ; cooking excellent.—Mrs RoPRR, Melbourne House.

rIOLWYN RAY.—Comfortable &PART ItNTS, close to V sea and woods ; bath Oh & C.', trod cooing and attend- anee.-Idrs. Joisite, raer Delyn, 27, Rhisv rd, Colwyn Day.

DIDIM ANNM AW li.—mAirraou an It VILLA, A eAtt MINTS. comfortable room. and clean. One minnte to more and near .tvio ‘. Torrns moderate.—Mies PARRY.

V 0 fiKSHI lICILETON —Splendid waterfalls, bracing 1 air, fishing, golfing. 102 anent APA.H.TgifiNTS, board if required, livery conifqrt.—WlNDEß, Harling House.

UtARIIHOUS R. —Comfortable AP tR FINTS In Plura- -1 - house, with or without board ; pleasantly situated ; terms moderate.—Apply Miss XXLLY, Ballagarey. Crosby. lale-of-Man.

ORFOLK COAST.—amidst pine woods awl sea air. 11 Guests received tbroußhont the year. Own gronnds of many acres —write Hrs. Baowww, no Pines, Kelling Heath, Holt, Norfolk.

SHBFLINGHAM.— Well-ftirnlshed HOUSS4 TO LT ; attendance and cooking can be gi,,en. or in Apartments; near sea and links.—Apply Mrs. IvES. Gordon Nouse, Sheringharn, Norfolk.

eIOMFORTABLB BUNGALOW To Let, Furnished, on X-) Lancing Beach, near Worthing, week or month ; good bathing. fishing. boating, golf.—WßltE, 30, Cambrltge rd., Bromley, Kent.

101SIFORTA.BLIC APARTRINNTS —lribhiug. boating, golf. k.) fog. Bea and country view. Bath. hot and cold water. Tern,' moderate,—Mrs. J. COWLEY, Sannyside, near Altregt Pier, Port St Mary.

BItYN AFOE. ST ASAPH.--10 BE LT. Furnished. Detached HOUSB; large garden, 2 entertaining roonst, bath (h and C.); ten minutes from station ; terms moderate. —Apply ?drit. honineox.

HuLYWULL. .LNurri WALji.. -.tu Ler, icir mouth or loi.ger, two Furnished Cottages one wIl wround floor ; two rooms, thred beds ; grar d .one 7. sea view, top of mountain; bracing air ; clime to toon ; now vaclnt ; rent e.teb 15s. per week.—ATKINS, 2,, Whitford et. Holvwell.

s_k ()LIMO( bEssnON.--Visitors requiring ispartmentis at aoy of the Central Wales Spas (Llandrludod Llanarrbyd Wells, or LI sugars:march Wells) shouid advertise In the ." Radnorshire Standard," Llandri to.l SYllis. Only visitors' list published. Post free, 114.

LI ONDON. —Comfortable Board-Itesidene-, oft,red for either visit or permanency. Most Central resident al posi- tion ; two Minutes Metropolitan Railway. ten Minutet Oxford Cirrus, theatres. prinalp.il shopping tboraurraar, Miss Wirr, 10 Colosseum 'terrace. Regent's Park.

--- NORTH WALB3.—Comfortable learalhou.. APART- MEETS; dining, sitting, 5 bedroon s.Juue to Septernb-r; @booting, tight of river fishing ; beautiful neenerr ; within easy Recess of Suowion, 3 usi es from CRrn.rvon on Bartow Gauge Railway.— Apply Mrs. HUGHES. Hwastsdfses, Waenfaur, Carnarvon.

I...ILACIPOOL.—now TO /ISO& IT, sod the West Coss-C. P to., most comfortably and economically. TAKE a. FURNISHED HOUSE" Send partA,:ulara of accommcda- Don rtquired, locality. and about weekly rent. Houses to Let and to be bold. tmfurnisbed ; mortgages negotiated..... J. HINDLE OALvsrnr. House and Estate Agent, 3, Tatlsot °lumbers. Blackpool.

2 McDOUGALL'S Paterit SELF—RAISING FLOUR I MEM TI ON. The Examiner, Saturday, June 10, 1905 WOMAN'S REALM.

and crossed the paik to the creek, where the " Rover " lay at her anchorage. It was a frosty night, and a full moon shone brightly in a cloudless sky. A shimmer of silver lay on the grass, and the trees sparkled with the tiozen dew. But his mind was not attuned to any beauties in the landscape. He knew that, he had acted like a weak fool, and even the fact that he was leaving Heatherstone Hall behind him for ever did not atone for the brief outburst of passion which was bound to bring sorrow into more than one life. He knew that he would always look back to those five minutes of love as a fair spot to be remem- bered,-as a shadow of a great tree in a thirsty land. Yet the sparkling well he had drunk from was not altogether sweet, and the memory of how his thirst had been quenched would always be vitiated by the bitter taste that the draught had left in his mouth. He reached the edge of the plantation, and brush- ing through the wet undergrowth, sent showers of frost flalieS from the bare branches of the trees. Then he climbed over the wall and saw the dark outline of his boat on the silvery strip of water., He stood on the bank opposite to her and hailed the man on board. After half a dozen calls James Outen came to the deck of the'l cutter. He quickly unfastened the painter and sculled to the bank. Then he waded ashore through the mud and brought his master a heavy pair of seaman's boots. Holme put them over his dress trousers and , made his way down the bank through a foot of slime. The tide was running out. "Asleep, °Uteri ? " he queried, as they pushed the boat off. "I was just dozing, sir. I'll be glad to get to my bunk." "I'm afraid you won't get there just yet," Holme said drily. "We leave here on this tide, and look sharp. We must get under weigh in ten ,Minutes, or we shan't get over the East Wick Salterns. give me one. of the sculls."

The two men bent to their work with a will. But Outen had let the dinghey run down fifty yards with the stream and every inch of this had to be fought against a slopping tide. More than half of the ten minutes had gone when they climbed up on the deck. Outen looked at his watch.

"I doubt if we do it, sir," he said. "The tide has been running out for three hours." "Confound you," said Holme, "get to work. We must get as far as we can." He had made up his mind that he would be out of sight of Heatherstone Hall when the day broke. He did not wish to set eyes on it again. The two men set to work with a will. In less than two minutes they had set the main- sail, and it began to flap in the southerly breeze. In another two minutes the tiller was in place, put hard down and pinned, and Outen was making fast the jib halliard. The jib sheets cracked backwards and forwards like writhing snakes. Then both men set to work on the anchor'. In another four minutes it came up black ,and dripping from the water." Outen held out the jib to catch the wind. Holme sprang back to the tiller, let the main sheet run out, and the boat swung round and started on her journey. For the first four miles they were running with the wind and tide, and the " Rover ' slipped past the banks like a steam launch. Holme changed his dress clothes for a blue jersey and a pair of old trousers. Then he lit his pipe and sat at the tiller, his eyes alert for every mark on the bank. He knew every inch of the channel, and crossed krom side to side of the creek to get the best water. Once only did he glance behind him, and then he saw the white walls of Heatherstone Hall shine out from a circle of trees, and the hill looming dark against the sky. In the wake of the boat the water swirled and eddied in wreaths and ripples of silver. He sighed. But for all that, he knew that the glittering path behind him only led back to dishonour, and that the dark waters before him represented the road hat he was bound to tread. The " Rover" reached the bend in the creek in twenty minutes. Outen hauled in the main sheet and set the foresail and topsail. The boat lay over on her side in a freshening breeze, and the water, which had been silent while they ran before the wind, 'began to hiss and splash and bubble at the bows. Holme looked up critically at the canvas, and gave a few orders to Outen, who began to tighten sheets and halliards. Holme liked his sails to set well, even when there was no one to see them. The moon shone on the rounded curves, and they looked like the firm plumage of at white gull. They ninved 'a trifle more slowly now, and Holnie's eyes watched the creek as a tight- rope walker watches his wire. The water was certainly running out very fast, and the channel was not more thpn thirty feet across in places. Here and there a black saltern showed its ugly little hump above the water and split the channel into two narrow rivers. Threp miles away the mound, on which the Red House stood, showed up against the flat land around it. - Holme looked at his watch. . _

"We shan't do it, Outen," he said. '`We touched just noW, and thdugh it's deeper before we get to the Red House, it's a lot shallower at East Wick. Just go for'ard and stand by the anchor.','

Outen went into the bows and kept a sharp look-out at the water ahead. When they were within a mile of the Red House, the wind began to die away, and more than once the sails flapped. However, they drifted down with the stream, and there was just enough breeze to steer by. Then suddenly Outen gave a cry of surprise. . " Put her round, sir," he yelled ; "put her round quick." • Hohne jammed down the helm, but the boat refused to come about against the tide. Outen tumbled the -anchor overboard and the chain went rattling over the bow. The sails flapped idly, but :the tide swung the boat round. Outen checked the cable and the boat brought up with a jerk. At the same moment the stern crashed into something and the whole vessel quivered with the shock. Holme looked over the stern, -but could dis- tinguish nothing in the shadow beneath the keel. _ _

"What is it ? " he cried out angrily. For answer Outen pointed to the shore on either side. Holme saw a long thin line run from the bank, disappear in the water, re- appear on the other side of the creek, and con- tinue its course to the opposite bank. It was just such an obstacle as selfish landowners on the Thames put across the backwaters which run through their territory—a stout chain hung from shore to shore. Holme uttered a savage oath and scowled at the Red House, which lay a hundred and fifty yards from them.

"I'll teach the scoundrel that the creeks don't belong ,to him," he muttered. "Can't we break clear of the cursed thing, Outen ; we shall smash our rudder."

"We can pull in a bit of cable, sir, but not much. The bottom of this creek doesn't hold very well, and the tide's running like a mill-race. We want as much chain as pos- sible." "Well,, let's pull her clear of this cursed chain. Then we'll go ashore and talk to Mr. Jordison." Holme had very good reasons for avoiding the man, but he forgot them in the heat of his anger. He .would teach this tip-, start that to buy the land on either side of the creek conferred no right to the waters that flowed between the banks. He did not realise that a meeting was exactly the object Jordi- son had in view..

They hauled in some of the anchor chain, stowed sail, and rowed ashore in the dinghey. It was now past two o'clock in the Morning, and there was no light to be seen in any part of the Red House. The two men waded up to the bank through the mud, and making their way to the door, kicked on it with their heavy boots. The noise reverberated through the house, but no one stirred • within. Holme stepped back a few paces, and looked at the cracked walls and empty window frames. He had, of course, heard of the explosion, but he knew that Jordison had not left the. neigh- bourhood. -

They walked round to the' Other side of the house and thundered, at the back door. For live minutes they kicked at the woodwork.

until they had knocked in the two bottom panels. Then suddenly a streak of yellow kght came from behind them and threw their shadows on the wall of the house. They turned round and saw that it came from an open door in the stables, and that the dark figure of a man was silhouetted against it. They left the house and walked towards hirn. As they drew near, he took the lantern from the table behind him and let it hang from his aand, so that the light fell full on tbpir faces, end his own was in darkness.

" Who are you," be cried, " and wha". the devil do you mean by making a disturbance at this time of night ? ' Moline recognised the voice, but he would Certainty have been surprised, if he could have seen the face, which was lit with a smile of triuniph, and betrayed none of the annoyance that the words implied. 'I am Arthiir Holme," was the sharp reply, and my boat is caught up on some cursed obstacle that you have put across the creek. You have got to remove it at once." "The creek is mine. The land on either side is mine."

"You are evidently a stranger to the cus- toms of these parts. Every man has a right of water-way up the creeks. You must take it down at once. Of what use is it to you ?'' "I am making a ferry from one bank to the other," Jordison replied, chuckling to himself at the fertility of his own imagination. "I want to get carts across to carry reeds from the marshes."

"You are acting against the law, Mr. Jordison, and the chain must come down." " I will risk the 4 law, but I have no wish to hinder your. boat. I will have the chain lowered."

He stepped inside the door and closed it behind him. - Holme and Outen waited out- side till he reappeared with Lipp and Jermy. . "My two setva,nts will go down with your man," said Jordison, "and loose the chain. In the meantime I want a word with you, Mr. Holme. If you will come inside the harness room, and excuse my rough hospitality, I will give you a glass of good whisky, and a really passable cigar." " I have no wish to talk to you," Holme replied. "I want to gtt under weigh at once." "You have lost the tide now. You cannot clear the East Wick Saltems. • You will have to wait at least five hours. 1 have something important to say to you, mid if you refuse to come with me, well, you certainly won't get past the chain unless you bring some more men to help you." Holme shrugged his shoulders. A few minutes conversation was ,of no importance one way or the other. He particularly wished to make the sea by daybreak. "I'll come," he said abruptly, and went inside with Jordison. _ _ _

The other three men disappeared round the corner of the house. Jordison poured out two glasses of whisky, and offering a cigar to his guest, lit one himself. "Now, then, Mr. Holme," he said, looking the young man straight in the face, " I am going to ask you a question. I asked it you before, sand you departed somewhat uncere- moniously without answering it. This time it will take a more precise-form. Tell me what you know of the death of Richard Behag." Holme was silent. He had expected this question, and had already resolved to give no answer. But he did not expect what was to follow.

"Tell me what you know of the death of Richard Behag," Jordisbn repeated slowly, "and tell me whether you know anything oi Arthur Sterious, who is said to have killed him." Holme half rose from his chair, and his face grew white. But he recovered himself. "You seem to know all about it, Mr. Jon dison," he replied. "I can't , tell you more than what is common gossip in Valparaiso. Why are you so interested in the story? ' . .

Jordison looked at the speaker from undez his shaggy eyebrows. " I was a great friend of, Sterious's father," he said. "He has written to me, and asked me to search for his son in England. New facts have come to light which have proved Sterious to be innocent. Can you tell me anything about him ? " Holme .the story was a .trifle weak.

"Why should i know aiwthing ? ' "Arthur Sterious is in this neighbourhood," Jordison answered, and watched the effect 01 this well-aimed shot.

" Really I I don't know the gentleman." _

For answer Jordison pulle-cl out a gold watch and flung it on the table. Holme glanced 4tt it, and rose to his feet. But he controlled his agitation. "Very interesting," he said. "May I ask where you found it ? " "In one of the gulleys in the marshes. Now do you know anything of Arthur Sterious i "

fiolme was silent. - " You refuse to give me the information ? " " I do refuse." "I must have it." Holme laughed. " How do you propose to get it ? " he asked.

Jordison took the revolver from his pocket, and Icoking at it, glanced at Holme and smiled.

..... "DO you intend to shoot me ? " the young man asked.

"Not I. Dead men cannot speak, and I want you to speak. But you do not leave here until you tell me what I want to know." "I can tell you nothing." Jordison went to the door, and taking a whistle from his pocket, blew three shrill calls upon it. A few seconds later Holme heard cries, and the splashing of water. Then there was 'a wild shriek for help and then silence. He sprang at Jordison, who blocked up the doorway, but the latter moved aside. Holme tripped and came with a crash to the ground. The next moment the two men were locked in each other's arms. In a minute Lipp and jermy came running up, and the three soon overpowered Holme. He was gagged, bound hand and foot, and carried to the Red House. Lipp was set to watch by aim till the morning:

"I think you will speak, Mr. Holme, before I have done with you," said Jordison, as he eft the room.

ITo b continuerl.l "

===== 0002601_19050610_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

CARD-LEAVING.

Card-leaving is a subject of supreme importance during the earlier weeks of a London season, says ILA. P. One of the most marked changes in our social life is that actual calls become fewer, while the business of cards increases year by year. An arrival in town must be announced by leaving cards in person, sending them by a servant, or having them sent round by a shop. The smart set have altered the fashion of card-leaving. In old days a married woman calling on another married' couple left one of her own cards and two of her husband's. Now she leaves one of hers and only one of his. Then, in former years, a married woman who called on another matron, and found her at home, used to leave two of her, husband's cards on the hall-table when she left the house after paying her visit. But this is no longer the custom. Indeed, some ultra-smart married women never Pave any cards ^of their husbands at all, except when calling for the first time on a new acquaintance.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ArrEriNooN GOWN.

An afternoon gown of blue and white checked voile is shewn in the sketch. This material being so light and fine in texture, it is as well to have the skirts made very full. The skirt here depicted is gathered in simply at the waist, and is worn over a separate foundation of silk. cThe bodice is arranged in horizontal folds round the figure, while straps of plain bluo taffetas, edged with frills of narrow Valenciennes lace, run upwards from the waist, and help to subdue the hard effect of the

folds, as well as giving length to the'figure. At the neck the bodice is finishel with a shaped strap of taffetas, ending in two short stole ends in front; this is also edged with frills of lace. The sleeves are puffed up upon the shoulders, and held in closely above the elbow by a folded band of voile and a strap of taffetas edged with. lace, two full frills of lace finishing the sleeve. • Long white gloves are worn, and a dainty little toque com- posed of tiny frills of Valenciennes lace, trimmed with a single pink rose, and a whits feather falling over the hair behind.

._ ~ • 7. ..'i . • 44k- •: ; ,zzt, ....q.v. gt,g..„. •-_--, 0,,,%, 1 . \ /1 2" ti - / . ~ • . \ , , , ; • • 1 , i.. i . , i . -,...... . ' "Xl// •• : / , ;,: 1, • ' /, I ,••4R,' Z...... ', /. 1146 - --'4i'-3*--=-'"'..4'.. • 11 li.iiiL-= "" - • 4+- -"' ,1

===== 0002601_19050610_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
SERVANTS' REGISTRIES.

The powers that be have at last taken the matter af servants' registries into their potent, grave, learned, but very slow-going consideration; and it was quite time, says the. Sketch. The London County Council, in seeking powers of control over employment-agencies, domestic and otherwise, is not a day too soon in its hope of stopping the fraudulent practices frequently resorted to by certain of the lower class of servants' registry offices. As Lord Robert Cecil pointed out in the House, unhappy girls are defrauded of their shilling or halt-crown on the promise of a situation which is rarely or never obtained, and have no redress whatever for the loss of their money. But it is the mistress who is more frequently victimised, and on whom these disreputable agencies really exist. She enters; she asks for the required sort of servant; she is assured many are on the books and will be immediately forthcoming. She is cajoled into paying a fee, or a preliminary half-fee even, and she is forthwith at the mercy of these sharks, who, to keep within the law, send one or two impossible specimens, and after that promises. Naturally, one exempts the .well-con- ducted offices, often run by women of good birth nowadays, which are obviously safe ,and satis- factory. But these are not all, and dozens of dishonest dens abound where mistress and maid alike are fleeced and defrauded. Mo RN MG COSTIIIIE.

Our sketch shews a morning costume in light brown Sicilian. The little coat is quite plain, and has a roll-back collar of brown velvet overlaid with shaped pieces of ivory cloth, adorned with fancy buttons. The sleeves are leg-of-mutton in shape, and terminate in narrow cuffs which exactly match the collar. The skirt is plain, wide at the hem, and long, having as sole trimming two bands of

brown velvet appliqué with ivory cloth in the same manner as the coat collar. A plain tucked shirt of creamy lawn is worn under the coat, finished by a turn-down collar and brown silk stock. The hat /which accompanies this costume is of ivory satin Straw, bound and trimmed with brown velvet, and baying a large cache-pique of creamy loses and foliage. SUN-PROOF CLOTH.

A real novelty in the sartorial world, says the Tatierdis the new sun-proof cloth, which is making something of a seisation, the Prince and Princess of Wales having orderad sundry wrap coats and wraps Of it far their Indian tour. Its great advantage is, of course, that it neither fades nor burns, and is the most comfortawile thing for wearing in the tropics yet discovered. In appear- ance it resembles a shot covert coating, and is very matt. To-DAY'S RECIPE.

CAPILOTADE OF WILD DUCK.—lrry a dessert- spoonful of chopped onion with two tablespoon- fuls of salad oil in a stewpan until it is a golden colour; add the neatly trimmed pieces of cold, rather underdone wild duck, and turn them about for a few minutes in the oil ; then pour in half a tumbler of claret; add a tablespoon- ful of red-currant jelly, and cover the stewpan until the pieces of duck are quite hot, without boiling; then add a pint of good brown sauce, which should be made with the stock from the boiled bones of the bird. Cut a slice of bread fin. thick, trim it a neat ovpl shape, make an incision all round, about an inch from the edge, fry the eraate in hot lard, drain it. and take out the centre. Glaze the cages ot the create, arrange the pieces of duck in the ceatre, pour • the sauce over them, and garnish the dish with alternate groups of stoned olives and WAY., shaped pieces pf cooked carrots.

• -.24 !, Vr zi.,, I i. ~,:' Tr, ~, ;;' -ir • •''' " a, . • .. ~,.--:,.: Pi. . 1 , I.t,1.t, .CP 1,, .ii , .„i ti vt, , fp,. 1, ~ y ie,,,,,, . yti /1 , , 10,,,,..,, ~,y ~,,,,,, • \,l,t, _A/:4-iial,/ : tli. ....-,.....,..,,,. ___,l.N. _. .„,,; ------------.anacceo.r: ' '... '.....1: ' - - -

===== 0002601_19050610_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BLACK MOTOR CAR.

By J. B. HARRIS BURLANA

CHAPTER XV.—Continueb

It was all very sudden, and very um maidenly, but the look 'on his face compelled it. For the moment her redon had left her, and she had acted as her heart commanded. But a second later, she broke away from his clasp, and burying her face in her, hands, cried as though her heart would break. He came to her side again. ," Agnes," he said, softly, "I implore you, dear Agnes—oh God, what have I done ? Don't cry, dearest; don't cry like that." Again he took her in his arms, and this time she did not try to free herself from his em- brace. But she looked up at him with plead- ing eyes. He bent down his face and kissed her tenderly on the forehead. Hi* whole nature cried out for the touch of her lips, but he was man enough to subdue the passior that burnt within him.

She looked into his face again, and he say* that glad light of love shine through the tears in her eyes. But still she did not speak. "Agnes,. dearest," he said in a low voice, "I have something to say to you, and I must say it quickly. I would have left without saving it, !At it must be said now—after what has happened." She turned her eyes away from his-face, and he drew her closer to him. He could feel her slim body tremble in his arms. "Agnes," he said simply, "I love you. It sounds weak to say you are the only woman I have ever loved. It is a stock phrase ; the ridicule of cynics ; in most cases a lie, that no intelligent woman believes. But in my case it is the real truth. Yet to-night I must leave you, and never see you again. I wilt not drag you down to my level. But for a moment of weakness, but for the prank that chance has played us, I should have left without telling you this. New that I 4 have told it, I must go." "Arthur," she murmured, but so faintly that the sound hardly came to his ears. It was the first word she had spoken, and all the love of her heart was concentrated in the opftly breathed name. An appeal, a despair- ing cry, a prayer for him to stay. It was all these blended together by love in a single word.

"Yes, I must leave you: Agnes," he con- tinued, "I am no fit husband for you. It is not only that you are a great lady, and I am a poor man. Were I but the son of a farmei on your father's estate, I could look you honestly in the face and ask you to be my wife. But being what I am, I could not drag you down to rriy level. I see you for the last time, Agnes. I must go now."

"Yes, I think it is .-time that Mr. Arthur Holme went," said a stern cold voice behind them.

They, sprang apart and turning round con- fronted' the Earl of Hpatherstone. His heavy ' handsome face was flushed with anger, but he controlled himself with the skill of the trained I diplomat. Lady Agnes hid her crimson face ' in her hands. Arthur Holme clenched right fist, and ,said a word that would not look well in print. "Mr. Arthur Holme is going, Lord Heather- ' stone," he said. "How long have you been here." He snapped the last half dozen works out so savagely • that Lord Heatherstone shrank back a. pace. But he recovered his composure in a moment.

"Agnes," he said quietly, "go up to your bedroom at once. Mr. Holme,. I will have a word with you before you go." Lady Agnes went up to her infuriated father and kissed him meekly on the cheek. "Good night,!' she said in a low voice. He did not answer, but turned his back on her. She held out her hand timidly to Arthur Holme.

" Good-bye," she said in a whisper. Holme looked at her father, and the devil rose in his heart. He stepped forward to clasp her in his arms and kiss her passionately on the lips. But his finer nature prevailed. He Stopped suddenly and held out his hand. "Good-bye," he said hoarsely, "and God bless you."

---S-h-ejt-oo—k his hand, rooked for a moment into his eyes, and fled. He turned to the great Earl of Heatherstone.

"Well, my lord," he said sharply, "what have you to say for yourself. It was characteristic of the man that he assumed the attitude of a judge, at a time when his proper place was in the dock.

" It is for you to speak, Mr. Holme," Lord Heatherstone replied ; "but let us return to the smoking-room. It is cold in here."

The two- men went back to the smoking- room. Lord Heatherstone flung himself in an easy chair by the fire. Holme remained standing. For a while neither of them spoke. "Well, sir," said Lord Heatherstone, after a pause. _ - -

." As you have been listening, my lord, I think you know everything. It is possibly clear to you that I love your daughter. It is equally clear, if you heard rightly, that I shall not see her again." _ _

"You damned scoundrel ! " cried Lord Heatherstone, rising to his feet, "what right have you to speak of love to my daughter! Who are you, you damned adventurer? Don't you know your place, confound you? Do you think that because we—" "That'll do, Lord Heatherstone," the young man replied; "I know my place quite well. And it is because I know it that I have resolved never to enter this house again. I will wish you good-bye, my lord."

- " Stay, Mr. Holnie'; 3-rou cannot go yet. How long has this been going on? " "It commenced five minutes before you came into the room. It ended when your daughter left it. But I shall answer no more questions. I wish you good night," and he turned to go. Lord Heatherstone laughed. " When I was your age," he said in an insolent tone, "I had more pluck. I would not have broken the heart of the woman I loved for ,au the social distinctions in the world. Bah I I thought there was more tight in you. I do not think Agnes has lost much." •

Arthur Holme turned sharply round, and his face paled for all the bronze that the sea and _winds had given it.

"There's prenty of fight in me, Lord Heatherstone, he replied in a strained voice. " And, by God, if you rouse it, you will bring the devil into your household. lam man enough to retire without wrecking your home. Even if I thought that your own case had made you lenient to us both, even if I thought that your second marriage with a woman whom you dragged up from obscurity had made you less punctilious about the alliances of your house, I would not offer myself as a suitor for your daughter's hand." You have no money," said Lord Heather- stone. "It would, of course, be an impossible match. We do not even know who you are." "I know this," Holme replied gravely, A' that I am no fit husband for any woman. But, mark you. Lord Heatherstone, if you rouse the devil in me, I may cast all scruples to the winds. I am a strong man, and I care little far your lands and your titles. If I did resolve to follow my desires, Lord Heather- st9ne, I would indeed 'leave your house unto ydu desolate.'" Lord Heatherstone sank into a chair and buried his face in his hands. Arthur Holme had struck hard, and struck deep. It was but a month since Lord Overcliffe had died.

Holme W. 3 disgusted with the brutality of his own words. He stepped over to Lord Heatherstone and laid one hand on his shoulder. '

" jam sorry, Lord, Heatherstone," he said quietly ;" I did not mean to hurt you. You would forgive me much if you knew what this brief glimpse of love has been to me. • Good night ancl—good-bye."

CHAPTER XVI. THE TRAP. HOLME made hi; way through the garder

===== 0002601_19050610_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKBURN'S QUEEN VICTORIA STATUE.

Final arrangements were made on Wednesday for the unveiling of the Queen Victoria Memorial Statue in Blackburn, by the Princess Louise (Duchess of Argyll.) A portion of the site has been given by the vicar of the Parish Church, and the statue will be composed of white marble on a grey granite base. Standing lift. in height, the memorial will be a dignified and regal one. The robing is finely designed. Surrounding the site will be an ornamental balustrade of Yorkshire stone. The sculptor is Mr. Bertram Mackennal.

I CommtnclAE FAlLllRES.—According to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of Commercial , Failures recorded in England and Wales during the , week ending Friday, June 2nd, was 163, viz. : —New bankruptcy proceedings published in the London Gazette, 84; deeds of arrangement registered, 79. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were: Bankruptcies, 89; deeds of arrangement 56—total 145; being an increase of 18. The toinl number of commercial failures recorded during the 22 weeks of the present year is 3,954 ; the total number recorded in the corresponding 22 weeks of last year was 3,829 shcwing an increase of 125.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Lady Londonderrv.—The Marchioness of London- derry, who gave a brilliant reception in honour of the King of Spain, is at present the leading hostess on the Unionist side, as Lady Lansdowne is not attending Court, or entertaining this season, in consequence of the recent death of her mother—the Dowages Duchess of Abercorn. It has been said that the influence of women in politics died with Lady Palmerston, but this is scarcely correct, and the Marchioness of Londonderry has not only entertained a great deal for her party, but has always been of the greatest assistance to her husband in his political career. She also finds much to employ her in philanthropic and charitable undertakings, and, at Wynyard Park, the family seat On the borders of Dur- ham and Yorkshire, the Marchioness takes an active part in the management of the Home Farm and the gardens are her especial care. She has also done rnech good work in the colliery districts of Durham, where she has established schools and nursing institutions. Londc.n Gaieties.—Year by year. the aristocracy appear to he getting more tired of the monotonous round of balls, dinners, concerts, and receptions, which constitute the London season, and many of the leading I people in the world of fashion are taking advantage of the Whitsuntide recess, to get away to- the country. They are beginning to discover that in May and June, the country is at its best, and that there is no law which compels them to follow the custom of their parents, and grandparents, who always spent May, June, and July in London and kept open house there for the entertain- ment of their friends and relatives. The motor car has done much to substitute flying visits for settled periods of residence, whilst the development of hotel and restaurant life, has, to a larger extent dispensed with private entertaining. Some people speak of these changes as if they meant the decadence of Society, but broadly speaking all they mean is that people of wealth and fashion spend a lesson part of the finest months in the year in London, than was once thei custom. The Royal visit has crowded London to its utmost, but with the departure of the King of Spain the season will begin to wane, for, after the Royal wedding next week, the principal social events will be Ascot, Henley, Good- wood, and Cowes, and then the fashionable world goes' to Scotian.", and to foreign Spas, in search of " cures.' The Safe Keeping of Jewels.—Great jewel robberies in which the leading noble families are usually the victims, recur as regularly as the seasons come round, but it is unfortunate that there should have been such an occurrence at Grosvenor House, the town residence of the Duke and Duchess of Westminster. It is the more regrettable because Grosvenor House is frequently thrown open to the public for philanthropic and charit- able purposes, and the theft of the Duchess's jewels will inevitably make the Duke, and also other owners more chary of lending their mansions for such under- takings. Another effect of these robberies seems to be to increase the number of orders to jewellers for false and duplicate sets of jewels, which are made to serve the purpose of the real ones, whilst the latter remain safely deposited with the bankers. The satisfaction of the possession of jewels comes very nearly akin to the joy and pride of wearing them, but otherwise, if imita-' tions are to be made to do, it would be an advantage to dispose of the real ones, and avoid the anxiety which their safe keeping necessarily involves. Toilettes at the Races.—Dreas at Epson, owing to the perfect weather, closely resembled that usually in evidence at Ascot, and it is to be feared that many wearers of toilettes only suitable fog the latter festivity are regretting having subjected their beautiful "creations "to this somewhat trying ordeal. White was the general wear, chiffon, silk muslin and brocierie Anglaise, being the fabrics preferred for frocks of the airy-fairly per -uasion. Hop sack, herring-bone serge, and fine cloths, were in favour for the tailor-mades, the trimming consisting of pastel-shaded embroidery, a gown of broderie Anglaise is an enviable possession.bnt nothing second rate in this direction, can be tolerated for a moment. Race Wrap's.—The greater number of race coats this season are built in Empire style, a mode which possesses many advantages. First and foremost, this particular wrap is easy to slip on and off, an important item at a race meeting; it gives height to the woman whose inches are too few; and again, it can be fashioned as elaborately, or as simply as one pleases, and look well either way. White linen covered with eyelet embroidery is having a great vogue for the more expensive race coats, and this is sometimes made up over a very pale silk lining, though a white lining is perhaps in better taste. SanishModes.—Whether the high tortoiseshell comb and the mantilla, have come to stay remains to be seen, but at the theatre, and at the opera, they have been donned daring the past week by several leading women in society. The bright r d rose, tucked behind the left ear too, is another Spanish mode that is being closely followed, especially by brunettes.—And further, milliners have been trying their best, to introduce the toreador bat, but we have only just recovered from the "pork pie " epidemic, and, save by a few extremists, the famous round Spanish hat, with its trimming of pom-poms, is being left severely alone. At the moment the Louis xxi shape is much in evidence, its straight flat brim being set far forward over the eyes. Bead Necklaces Fashionable.—No afternoon costume is deemed complete without a necklace of beads, which repeats the accessory colour. For example, with a creamy white gown, and a white hat trimmed with vivid green, a necklace of chrysoprase, also in the same tone of green would be donned, while if purple should be the relieving colour chosen, amethyst beads would be decided upon. All jewellers, and large drapery emporiums are stocking these coloured beads, great bowls, full of every possible colour and variety, being presented to our admiring gaze. The Cat Modish.—The fashionable woman who fails to possess a do of some description, is a rarity in these days, and latelg y it has become quite" the thins' "to invest in some curiosity in the form of a cat. With the exception of Princess Victoria of Schlesurg- Holstein, who has frequently exhibited her pets, cats have found little favour with members of our Royal Family, and this perhaps has had much to do with pussey's social banishment. Choice specimens hailing from Siam, India, Thibet, Kashmir, Russia, Persia, etc., are now however to be met with "in Society," one hailing from the latter country being valued at the record price of 700 guineas. The Ladies Golf Charripionship.—Beautiful weather favored the tournament for the ladies golf champion- ship at Cromer, in which Miss Thompson,of the Beverley and East Riding Club,was finally the victor. The links at Cromer are known far and wide amongst golfers, for their sporting and interesting features, and some excel- lent play was seen during the contest. Additional interest in the match was afforded by the entry of several lady players from the other side of the Atlantic including Miss G. Rishop,the lady champion of America —who is a practised and extremely strong match player. All the visitors however were defeated before the final tie, in which Miss Thompson who has been a regular competitor for the championship for several years, was the victor by 3 up, and 2to play, over Miss E. Stuart of the Royal Portrush Club. Both players went out in 23 strokes, and turned at the ninth hole all square but in the return Miss Stuart seems to have had the worst of the luck, and this often means a great deal to the game when played on a course which presents so many hazards as is the case at Cromer.

MADGE.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY BRIDGES HOMING SOCIETY.

Bath Race 140 Mlles.

This the second old bird race of the season was flown on Saturday last. Mr. S. Taylor, Conveyer to the West Lancashire Saturday Federation liberated 106 birds belonging to 17 members at 11.15 in fine weather, S.W. wind. Result : Velocity. *Boyle and Barlow Fisher 1228 „ , „ Honitram Boyle and Barlow 1206 (2) birds Lucas Boughseclge Lougmore Wilcock Cope ll7B Greaves flaywood 1146 Hartland 1135 Ward *Winner of special.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
Fact versus Fiction.

The fiction is that another cocoa is "as good as Van

Houten's."

The fact is there is not another cocoa to equal Van .1

Houten's.

In every market in the world it is the standard by which all other cocoas are judged.

Van Houten's,

The Standard Cocoa of the world.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
AT DEATH'S DOOR.

AN EXAMPE OF THE HEALING POWER OF SEAWEED. Mrs. LEE, 53, Newland-street, West Lincoln, writes: —"I have been suffering for over 18 months with a weak heart and stomach and kidney disease. I had taken all sorts of medicine. My neighbours thought I was going to die—l thought so myself, for I never expected to live to be 54. • For my present healthy con- dition I have to thank VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC, it has been worth more than gold to me. I feel it my duty to recommend it, for I was for months and could not keep TRICKS OF THE anything on my stomach; now I can eat anything, and It was indeed a find to be excited about, but my friends are all asking me what it is that has done me when this amateur delver anxiously added : so much good; I tell them VENO'S SEAWEED Tow." VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC is now the great popular " Don't break it out, I shall keep it as a sped- medicinemen for stomach, liver, kidney and blood diseases. '" our suspicions were on the alert. At last one Cures permanently. No return. You feel better of the number rather bolder, perhaps, than immediately, is. I. and 2s. 34 at Chemists everywhere the rest, placed a forefinger on the jem. Find- ing it loocely set, he turned the bit of cemented

' 13,y George ! I'm in luck. I always felt I shoulA Ibid. Loots here !" Then be produced a lump of cemented gravel, of the particular chocolate colour hue, in which diggers on the river so thoroughly believed as being excep- tionally diamondiferous. In the midst of this lump lay a superlatively fine diamond of some seventeen carats.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
CALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

===== 0002601_19050610_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
CURIOUS FINDS IN QUEER PLACES.

FELIX ELIOT (Ant.lior of " Romance of Gold .Digging," It c.)

I once was very near making a small fortnne, but I resisted the temptation .I did not accept the offer of a Cape-boy, who at the time, acted us a sort of gyp in my two-roomed, iron-covered shanty. I was just leaving for office, when Wilson, the gyp in question, in a. mysterious whisper asked if he might " show me somelin." In response to my affirmative he produced from his pocket a small packet, the size ,of which be- came considerably reduced before the " some- thing" was exposed. It proved to be a dimnond of course, seeing that the locals was Kimberley, South Africa—a- diamond a con- siderable Sire, very neariy as big •as a pigeon- egg. • . .

I was somewhat startlyd at the sight, but soon recovered my equanimity. " Well, Wilson, what have you there P' • " Di' mond, I.3ans." , " Yes, so I see; Why bring it to me ?" " I thought Bails would like to have it." " Did you? Where did you get it ?" " Picked it up, Bass—off the floor." • It was no use asking what floor, so I merely added, " You want to sell it ?" •

A leer of satisfaction spread over Wilson's face.

" Ja, Baas. How much 'Master give ?" " What do you.wau t for it ?"

Master will give me ton pounds ?" I took the stone from him, examined it well, thought of the possibilities, and of one or two probabaikes, then with a, sigh of regret, handed the stone back to • Wilson with the recommenda- tion to him to restore it to the place from whence he took it. Of course, I know now, exactly, how big a fool I was. Also I know now what the stone was worth. How Clod know ?

A 811CCF.SSITL SNItiGOT.ER.

Listen!! A fortnight after the event, a man I knew slightly, a diamond-broker,. and a suc- cessful one, too, told, me, he was going home. ile.was a colonial born youth, but home meant, in this case, England. I wished him a pleasant time, and in return he . showed me a sample of fine diamonds Which he was taking to London on behalf of the firms be represented. I bad no reason to disbelieve him. His sample was a splendid one, indeed. Ile was on the point of leaving me, when be said, " Look here, I do not show this to every fellow I know, but come in.bere."

. , In the retired nook to which we adjourned, he discovered to my view the very stone my gyp had offered me a week or ten days before. " A line stone," I remarked. " Where did you get it F" " Oh, I bought it as a spec." Then I remembered that Wilson also acted as gyp to other omen, of nhom the possessor of the diamond was one.

. He went home, stayed some six months, and had a good time, as he admitted to me on his return—" a very good time "—with emphasis. " Did you sell your parcel satisfactorily ?" " 0 yes, I may say my ,first visit to Hattor Garden was a decided success." "

" And the large stone—did you :manage to get rid of it?" " Large stone !" he repeated, looking some- what paler in line. " What larger stone ?" " Don't you remember showing me the stone you bought fr um old Wilson. It was old Wilson wasn't it t"

I enjoyed his confusion, but perhaps felt a little envious of his luck.

He has forgotten all about that period now- a-days. He .is . one of , South Africa's million- aires : drives first-rate cattle, and envelopes him- self in 'costly furs when our boreal friend Jack Frost seizes upon his Austral-Africe skin.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
A DIAMOND AND A DINNER.

A relative of mine, digging on the. Vaal River for diamonds had a run of ill-luck that left •him financially stranded at the end of some months of labour. He was " stoney-broke." in fact. His liabilities at the Store gave him 'uneasiness. His larder wild very nearly in the state of Old Mother Hubbard's at the time she felt charitably disposed to her dog. He was hungry for flesh. Bud, beast Or fish, it mattered, little to him which. He borrowed a gun—having hypothecated his own some 'weeks previously. He sallied forth into the bush, and shot a -monster paarav (a bird of the bastard family), took it to his hut, and prepared it for eating on the succeeding day. He thought giblet- soup not a bad beginning to a meal. When preparing these morsels for the stew-pot, he,:of course, opened up the gizzard, Wherein, amongst other things, he 'found it small finger-ring of 9-carat gold and an uncut diamond of some "fourteen carets, hot by any means it bad stone, seeing that ,he sold it later to it well-known buyer for it little less than £BOO. Moral : being, hungry the • shooting of bustards which have appetites for such dainties as 14-carat diamonds is simpler work than digging. What do you think of the artfulness •of the contrabandist who evaded the detectives' search by cutting off the tip of a bullock's horn, hol- lowing out the thicker portion that remained on the head, inserting his Si carat stone and fixing the tip of the horn on again, and by smearing it with mud put the " tees " off the scent. Simple and novel, eh ? Another individual sought to evade the officers by boring an auger hole in the dissel-boiim or pole of s W. 57011. It didn't come off. The detectives utilised a saw in cutting that dissel-boom into sections, burn them, and finally discovered the precious gem.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
A DIAMOND-FILLED TOOTH.

- Perhaps the queerest place in which a diamond has ever been found was in the mouth of a hippopotamus. This find was in the cemented gravels through which the Vaal River has worn its way. These gravels are a much earlier denos;t than those which have becn worked from the time of the first discovery of diamonds in South Africa. . The digger who had the luck to find this queer speennen was prospecting in the bed of the river at a spot where he bad ingeniously dammed off the waters. Ire came first of all upon the ribs of the beast, then the fore-quarters later upon the bead, it perfect skeleton. The interior was filled with cemented gravel, but he broke off one of the jaws ancl while examining it became aware that one of the teeth had de- cayed. In this hollow he found embedded among a cement of lime and sand, a diamond of some 1 carats. The stone was a good one. Fortunately he did not disturb it in its setting. Later on he sold it to a buyer who gave him a price more than six times the value of the stone. :Even diamond-buyers . can find time to indulge in a love for curios.

At this period when " illicit diamond buy- ing" was rife, the writer was engaged in digging for the precious .crystals among the gravels on the banks of the Vaal River. Luck nt the time was nowhere very much in the e.scendant, and when a stranger arrived—or., too, looking very 'mused to toil of any description, to ask where he might put up his pegs, curicsity to a certain extent became aroused. The newcomer having established the necessary beacons for marking out his elfim, departed, ot,!y to return again some half-hour later armed with a brand-new pick and shovel. ,He at orce set to work though garbed very unlike any ot his neighbours, a stiff white linen collar being a quaint symbol of .the digging profession. However, he appeared to be trorkiny. Scarce hal fan hour sufficed for his purpose. A loud shout reached a neighbour who, on locking up, saw the would-be digger gesticulating wildly and beckoning. The ordinary digger does not respond to every casual beckoner's desire; It 'happened so in. .this case. Whereupon the gestienlator scrambled madly over the intervening heaps of de;hris, and at last reached the our whose attention he sought iv breathless baste, said :

===== 0002601_19050610_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
graves Ilpsuie now It, 11-o,r: Liltrqi,,ll9 L • Mr. The offender picked the stone up. and found it to be a perfect octahedron, with edges sharp and unfrayed. Turning the cement again, with the intention of replacing the diamond in Its gravelly matrix, lie ourst at once into a loud laugh, and banding both the stone and gravel back to the now irate " finder," he remarked,: " YOtino• feller ! You'd better git out o' this. 'We don't want any o' your sort around here.'!

An explanation being demanded, the last speaker explained 1 that it was not usual to find octahedron stones' in a round smooth bed. Then the murder was out. , The stone was a Kim- berley stone, with the -" blue " ground still ap- parent in its somewhat scratched or fluted sur- face. The newcomer lad tried to pits 4 off an ill-gotten gem as a " first find" The contra- bandist ramoosed in record time. He never again posed as a river;digger'

===== 0002601_19050610_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
PEPTOLAXA GHILDREN

Are Bright, Healthy Children.

It is not natural for babies and children to be otherwise than well and contented, yr their little troubles are mai

..... _ and frequent, usually owing weakness of digestion or

overloading of the stom with food. PEPTOLAXA is ideal medicine for babes

children, being in small tabt easily crumbled and pleasal to take. Children regain the)

natural brightness rapidily after a dose of PEPTO.. LAXA, sleep soundly, and thrive as they should. Mrs. Pinder, of 126 St. Mary's-road,Doncaster,writes: —"My little girl, Phyllis, is now bright and lively, eats well, sleeps well ; her bowels are regular, and I have DO trouble With her whatever. Before I gave her ParToLaxA she suffered greatly with teething troubles, as most children do; she was constipated, feverish and slept badly. I have only this one child, but I recom- mend PEPTOLAXA to all my friends. lam sure there is a great future for PELTOLAXA. Phyllis is now eighteen months old and a fine little girl for her age. I feel it a mother's duty to write to you." PErroLAxA should be. in every mother's hand these summer months when children grow languid and their appetites tickle. There is a smile l in every dose, from infancy upwards. A tablet at night, and baby wakes well and happy in the morning. Free sample, on applica- tion, from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Holborn- vladuo. London. PEPTOLAXA (Is. lid.) is stocked at all branches of Boots', Cash Chemists, at all Taylors' Drug Stores, and by

4e let _ my to .4-1.:: an --trO tach 3 , «NI the and s«.-' .6 , « ~,,15,40 )lets ant - e ... lir 0 t... «..4,• ~,e _ _

===== 0002601_19050610_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
POINT IN BANKRUPTCY LAW.

Sequel to a Warrington Failure ?

A meeting was held on Tuesday at the offices of the Manchester Official Receiver (Mr. J. Grant Gibson) of the creditors of T. Lomas Cross, of 34, West-street, Warrington. and Walter Cross, of 10, West-street, War- rington, carrying on business at Longford-street, Warrington, as builders, under the style of T. and W. Cross.

The debtors were declared bankrupt in 1896, and the ineeting had now been called to consider the offer made by the mortgages and purchasers of certain real estate acquired by Walter Cross since the bankruptcy, to pay such a sum as would produce, with the dividend already paid, 12s. 6d. in the £ on all provable debts in the bank- ruptcy, with the fees and costs of the Board of Trade. A dividend of lid. in the £ had previously been paid on liabilities amounting to £],B2. The aggregate amount of the unsecured liabilities was £2,159. The Official Receiver pointed out that While it was probable that the trustee in the first bankruptcy was entitled to realise real property acquired by an undis- charged bankrupt to the extent required to discharge the debts of the first bankruptcy in full, in the absence of a decision by the House of Lords, it was not certain that such was tile case. Walter Cross had erected a considerable ambunt of house property on freehold land since the date of his first bankruptcy. The Chairman of the Warrington Slate Company moved as an amendment that 15s. in the £ be accepted. and the meeting agreed to the suggestion that thep Official Receiver should place the matter before the mortgages and purchasers.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
HE HAD A FEW QUARTS.

"Beer in camp is issued very siaringly," writes a con- tributor to the "Windsor." 'The canteens are only open for its sale during certain hours, and no man is allowed to purchase more than a couple of pints a day. This is generally found to be enough; some soldiers, however, seem to have an extraordinary capacity for drinking, or else manoeuvring is provocative of extreme thirst, as they have no difficulty in disposing of six. times the regulation allowance. A story is told of a private who, patronising the canteen too freely, was brought up the next morning for drunkenness. 'Now Murphy,' said the Colonel, 'tell me the truthi and let you off lightly. Were you drunk yesterday?" 'Certainly not, sorr,' was the indignant reply. '()h, come,' returned the other, 'you don't mean to tell me you didn't drink any beer at nil?' 'Well, your Honour,' answered Murphy candidly, wasn't what you would call squiffy, but) don't mmdadmitting I did have a few quarts.'

===== 0002601_19050610_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
EMBARRASSING.

A remarkable coincidence is reported from Blackburn. At a certain church the pastor was announcing that "at the close of this service the, choir will render the anthem, " Who are these arrayed in white," when two young ladies, members of the congregation attired in spotless white, entered the sacred edifice and took their seats at the front.'

D 0 you feel sick upon rising in the morning ? 0 Do ,you feel bloated after food? Do you eat very little meat and feel as if you had eaten an ox? Do you, have pain in the chest and between the shoulders, headache, and heartburn? All these are symptoms of indiges- tion; and if you have any of them, you need a course of Bile Beans. rrheii. effectiveness has been proved by Mrs. Murray • portrait above), of 131, Hill Street, Liverpool, who says : " never knew what illness was until a few months ago, when I Com:um:cod to suffer from indi- gestion. I had nasty, dull pains in my back after every meal, and these •became so bad I was forced to rest in the afternoon. All colour left my checks, and I became so seriously reduced and low-spirited that I could take no interest in my house- hold duties. "A neighbour who had been" a martyr to indigestion and had been cured . by. &le Beans, strongly advised me to try them. I did so, and by persevering the result was very satisfactory. The pains grad- ually went away, the many other symptoms 4 indigestion disappear- ed and soon I was quite cured. Now I can eat a good hearty meal without having any bad effects .afterwards." Bile Beans cure all digestive and liver disorders, and you may lest them free by sending in a penny stamp and mentioning this paper and ate of issue, to the Bile Bean Co., Leeds. •

osA.: ;71 .`

===== 0002601_19050610_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
111 ..7`7,5., . , ... ' :,:r4..

I . i , :* '

===== 0002601_19050610_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r 17, '

===== 0002601_19050610_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Juntryside is lovely. Those who live in the jount ry are indeed fortunate. What can be nicer than to wake up in the early morning 'and hear the birds singing happily just outside your window, and in some cases they become so tame that they will even come right into your room. Always encourage this tameness; they will soon become quite attached to you.

This month I am taking my holiday, and shall visit Devonshire and Cornwall; perhaps some of you know these parts, if so, I hope you will write and tell me your impressions, and tell me something about these places, as I have been there before. I shall have all my letters sent' on to me, and it would be a real pleasure if I heard from any of you. As I have been 'in ',limy parts of England, I hope you will let ma Lilow where you are spending your holidays; It would be quite nice to hear about the places again. This 'reminds me that I will give a book to eh members of t,'ne Children's Corner whose birth- day falls on the 26th of June; this is TJncle Ned's birthday?, he will •be just—but, no, I shall not tell you my age; I think I will keep that a secret for the present, Write me a letter by next Saturday if your birthday is oh the 26th of June. In the near future shall give prizes to all children having certain pet names of mine, but more about this later.

Next week I will give the answers to some of the puzzles. Do not forget the speciel prize offered to the child who sends me the greatest number of names of fresh members for the Children's Corner League. With all good wishes from Your affectionate UNCLE ,NED.

„ ... .:„., 7-,!.t. ..„, • 7-, .-, , ' , .47,7744;*, • iR ~': ,k,i ~ ',,a & ~._b, -0- ' 4 ' 74.7...::...:,,..7-:•:):':--,:0: ,u;..4:gilimz.§::: 4:. -:::..f.i,,,,.i 0 •••• —* t_._7,,., '.-,., ' • ihs•:,:q) ''''''' . ,74 ; ,'; 1 ' ......;::,,,•,.,:i:4::.., ,v. .A. 4. t ..r•-•"'"'"."4 ~..., )c.,. Tit 1 UnC --- • 1 I „- kit 4 - ‘,.........*”` 1 • 'm, ' t

===== 0002601_19050610_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr DEAR CHILDREN,

The letters that I have received from -the members of the various branches of the Children's Corner League have delighted me. I had no idea that such, interest would be taken by my little friendis in the idea of a corner all to themeelves.

The more lettere I receive the better I am pleased. Ido not mind how long it takes me to read through your friendly communications; you can rest assured that my heart is always with you in all. your doings. A day or two since I received a letter from a little girl of eight, telling me all about an addition to her house in the,,shape of five little Persian kittens. I was greatly pleased with this letter, as I am a great lover of cats. Every- 4one of our Boys and Girls should have some pet, if it is only a garden snail; even these in- *ects have been known to develop extra- rdinary instincts and have become quite friendly in their curious way to the person who has fed them. Almost every animal recognises kindness shown to it in some way. The holiday season, is now drawing near, and the lovely month of June is passing on. June is, to my mind, the best month in the whole year. Everything is fresh and green, and the

PUZZLES FOR PLAYTIME.

I will give a PRIZE OF FIVE SHILLINGS to the reader under 16 who sends in the best and neatest solutions to the folowing:—

A PROBLEM IN THREES. 4'

If three little houses stood in a row,

_ With never a fence to divide, And if each little house had three little maids

• At play in the garden wide, And if each little maid had thre2 little cats

(Three times three times three), And if each little cat had three little kits,

How many kits would there be? And if each little maid had three HUI/ friends

With whom she loved to play, And if each little friend had three little dolls In dresses and ribbons gay, And if friends and dolls and cats and kits Were all invited to tea; And if none of them all should send regrets, Hbw many guests would there be?

EASY BEHEADINGS. 1. Behead an animal, and leave a grain. 2. Behead a dance, and leave a fish. 3. Behead a gulf and leave a cave. 4. Behead part of a neck, and leave an animal. 5. Behead a useful article, and leave abeam. The beheaded letters will spell the name of a /amcus American General.

CHARADE. Two vehicles in one by an article united Making a conveyance once used in lands be• nighted•' That which joins these two, is in each one contained; The whole has therefore three, as need not be explained. Ify first -is what Americans have chosen as the word To

signify what Englishmen prefer to call my

third. Each came later than the whole, for they were not invented When mankind, With the whole, were forced to

be contented. My second is the first thing that's used in pre- -_ _

paration, In giving little learners an English education. •

HIDDEN ANIMALS. FOUII animals are concealed in each sentence. 1. I call a man noble who will go at any honest _

work, let each rebuff alone and help a...careful friend. 2. Do not disturb earnest scholars or _ _ _

repel ambitious ones; do not be harsh or severe with dullards or pronounce them beyond help. 3. Jack studies Sanskrit; I, German; and Jack allows no rude, errant being to retard his pro- tress during his term at Exeter College. 4. I saw Eli on the sofa when I came later in the evening; he seemed to suffer at times from a severe cut, and the doctor thought he would have to trepan the right side of the boy's bead.

All solutions must be sent, with full name, address, and age of competitor, to" Uncle Ned," at the office of this paper, on or before Saturday next.

9 ' 1 Ii 4.,,,.• *, . elke '.'.: ' :.. i '1744 fay. 4i.'' I ' t ' ~. : ',.•:'' . ~ . , . . .. IA ~ .. 42 , „. 4 ..... ' ' ''''' '' , .

•• An excellent Food, admirably adapted to the wants of infants and young persons." —Sot CHARLES A. CAMERON, C.EI., M.D., Professor of Chenuatry. R.C.5.1., Medical Officer of Health for Dublin,

PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA.

,&"=1

=Mk

===== 0002601_19050610_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
IS BABY CROSS

because of ECZEMA Or SKIN IRRITATION? If4o, One Box of GRANNIE OINTMENT will effect a Speedy Cure. A little at night is baby's delight. A mother at Leytonstone, Eosex, writes:—" Grannie Ointment has quite cured Baby's erzeala. I have tried several other creams, but they only relieved, whereas Grannie Ointment quite cured." Also Cores Bad Lego, WOunds, Ulcers, &c., like magic.

Boxes, 14 Stamps, Post Free. Send Post Card for FREE SAMPLE BOX, . .

Inesitioning this PaPer:io GRANNIE_ CO.. NORWICH.

7°E:" CALEY'S

M=::lWk

Chocolate.

BRITISH AND BEST.

The Finest Sweetmeat for Children.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FLABBERGASTER. (A Tale for Children.)

His Majesty of 801-80 l Was miserable. So was her Majesty; likewise the Royal Courtiers; also the Royal menials; in fact, everybody in 80l- 80l had just got as bad a dose of the miserables as could possibly be. For the past month a cloud of ennui seemed to have settled upon the Royal tiles, and, as said before, everybody was thoroughly touched with the blue hump. The King could stand it Ono longer; neither could the Queen; nor the Courtiers, or even the Royal scullions, so at a meeting convened by the Lord Chamberlain to see what could be done, the Lord Chief Money-Spender suggested the advertising for a Court Jester at a salary of about £20,000 a year, including washing. The King shrieked his assent, and everybody mar- velled how it was that the Court could have done without a Jester so long. In due time, the advertisement appeared in the "Court News," and in due time so many men applied for the Royal situation, all bringing yearns of testi- monials 'to give them an extra push—with the exception of one man with so long and melan- choly a face that it made him look as miserable as all thereat of the Court put together. After reading the recommendations of the others, his Majesty beckoned to him of the long face, who forthwith prostrated himself upon the Royal Kidderminster. "Menial," proceeded the King, " what hest thou for thy recommendation r " My Liege," cried the man, "I have only been guilty of one funny tale. which I told to my mother-in-law, whereupon she was so tickled that she went off into a shrieking fit and never recovered." The King expressed a desire to hear the story, and, gathering up his ermine gown, knelt down beside the man, and had it whis- pered into his Royal ear. "Capital," cried the King; "Great!" (screamed the Royal parrot; and the man was forthwith invested with the title of the Royal Court Jester, with instructions to take up his duties the following day, and to open the ball kind of business with a demon- stration of his entertaining powers. The following day came, and with it one of the greatest and most gcitgeous assemblies 80l- 80l had ever witnessed. Everybody appeared in new gowns an dresses\ and the Lord Cham- berlain rin his new suit which came home at Easter. The Court trumpeters blew a Royal fan- fare fl.o the approach of their Majesties, and then everybody, after a little preliminary bow- ing and scraping, settled down and awaited the dispersion of "lee miserables." At a signal from the King, the Court Jester stepped out into the limelight, and, after thanking their Majesties for his appointment and assuring them of his strict attention to business at all times, pro- ceeded to work up to the great finale. The Court was hushed, and every nerve at a high tension as the C.J. propagated the following extra- ordinary riddle : • "Why is a mouse when it spins?" (To be continued next week.) Once on a time a Cupid, who For learning had a bent, Insisted that young pansies should To some good school be sent. He sat him on a spider's web, • And said, with knowing wink, "Since you young ,pansies stand for \' thoughts,' You must be taught to think."

:TINE' BROS. (I7e;,t. CC. BOLTON.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS V. STANLEV.-At Newton-le- Willows on Saturday. Score :

STANLEY. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. E.Hoyle eDowsonbCooke 0 E.M. Dowson e Gleig Makepeaee not out 95 b Sharpe B. Sharpe b Dowson S. G. Moore a & b Dawson 14 b Moore R. Gleig b Hindley 56 W.V. Turton e Moore G.Molyneux b Hindley 0 b Sharpe 0 T. B. Wilson e Towers b W.Rylanee e&b Moore 2 Cooke 2 H.R Hindley b Moore 39 J. B. Taylor b Hindley lB F.Harrison e Andrews W. Taylor b Hatton W. H. Davies run out 6 J. Cooke b Moore 34 H. Andrews lbw b Cooke 6 W.H. Hindley e Make- peace b Sharpe .7. Hatton not out 4 T. Towers e Andrews b Moore C. W. Hindley (absent hurt) Extras 6 Extras ...... r= Total 018 Total 142

===== 0002601_19050610_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
Friendly Matches. .

WARRINGTON v. WERNETH.—These teams met at Arpley on Saturday, the match resulting in a draw. Score : WARRINGTON. • IV ERNETH. Mason c Chadwick b G. Swailes b Connor... 4 _ _ _

_ _ .._____ ......,.....-.... . Armstrong P B Hawtin olArmstrong 10 Mason W. H:Podmore c Chester H. Sutcliffe 6 h Huish 2 T. Armstrong c Hamp- .l. W. Bibby c Collinson son b Mason b Chester 2O G. G.'Parkin c Thdmp- E. A. Connor c Chadwick son b Podmore b Armstrong 6 F. Huish lbw b Mason 27 W. Itichardson lbw b CS Whitehead not out 1 Armstrong 2 A. Thewlis c Chadwick b Huish l2 J. Thompson c Thomas _ , . .

b Armstrong 4l I' Houghton b Armstrong 3 W. Hind not out l3 'G. Hampson o Chadwick b Finish ll Extras

Total 146 Total (for 6 wkts) 78 WARRINGTON V. WERNETII (2ND ELEVEN).—At Werneth on Saturday. Score : WERNETH. WARRINGTON. H. Marland o Pierpoint E. Pierpoint o J. Cum- b Lowe 7 mings b Kirkman ... 53 H. A. Parkin b Lowe l7 E. E. Woods c Mellor RH Chadwick b Bennett 0 b Kirkham 67 A. Cummings b Bennett 6 A DuckworthbKirkman 13 J. G. Griffiths 43 Lowe b J.T. 011f1 o Kirkman b Bermett J. Watson c Duckworth R. H. Lowe c Griffiths Lowe. W.Mellor cWoods bLowe 3 G.Ne•abourne bSudlovcr 15 W. A. Sudlow not out ... 33 S. Mason b Watson A..Marsland cNewbourne W. Bennett not out

b.-Bennett --- 0 J. Cummings run out ll W. A. Kirkham c sub b Lowe 1 Extras

Extras l7

Total 117 Total (for seven vvkts) 217

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. HINDLEY GREEN.—Played on Saturday an the ground of the former, and ended in a win for the home team. Score:—

HINDLEY GREEN. WIRE MILLS. H. Meadow o Brough b Hawthorn b Hill Burton Hill c R.Taylor b Gleave 7 Clarke c Graham b Battersby c N. Cook b Battersby 3 Gleave Graham run out. Barton c B. Taylor b WoodcoccH.Mesdows Gleave J. Meadows b Brough 7. . 11 Burton run mit Kershaw c Burton bN. Brough c Graham b Cook E. Meadows lbw b Gleave S Walsh not out.. l4 Woodward c et.b Brough 1 B. Taylor not out Coop a Walsh b Brough 0 W. Meadows not out ll _

Extras

Extras

Total 7B

Total 92

STRETTO:S AND APPLETON V. SANKEY WIRE MILLS 2ND.—Played at Appleton, the home team winning by 28 runs. 'Score r STEETTON AND APPLETON. WIRE MILLS.

1:;-Hewit t A. Jones o Turner b __b Moorlield

Bladen C. Hallows c Whitfield b Moortteld 4

Hewitt Moorileld c E. Whitfield b Moorfield 5 b Bladen T. Hughes cE. Turner b P. 0. Bailey c Moor- Jakeman I. Broady b Jakeman ... 10 E. Whitfleldb A. Jones 11 J. Jones o T. Wnitfield b C. Hawthorne °Broady *Nieman T. Isherwood b Hewitt... 0 H. Turner o Hughes b T. Norbury b Hewitt ... 4 A. Jones B. Owen not out '4 T. Whitfield run out... 0 H. Austin b Jak eman P. Bladen run out Extras

Total

Total 39

ST. PAIL'S ( WARR/NO TON) V. CADISHEA D AND IRLAM (2ND ELEVEN).—PIayed at Arpley on Saturday. Score : CADISHEAD AND JIMA If. ST. PAUL'S. S. Taylor c and b Ward 5 J. Ward a S. Taylor b F. Morton a and b Law- Owen 7B less l lO J. Wilson b Darnton... 3 W.A. Whitfield a Mann b C. Trow a Morton b Ward 8 Darnton 7 E. Owen c Waywell b j.Bate c Owen b Darn- Lawless l5 ton F. Ashley c Mann b J. Mason o Hamer b . Ward 3 Darnton 3 W. Hamer not out S. Darnton b Barker 5 J.Ba.rker b Hamer 7 W. Hampson a Seed ,b E. H. Mann lbw b Barker L. Taylor b Barker H. Taylor b Lawless 1 Hamer W. Goodman c Ward o H. Peidue c Geedman _ _ . __

tße T. Seed c Hamer b Darnton 2 Extrao

Extras 7

Total

Total ST. JAMES' V. L ATCHFORD BAPTISTS 2ND.—Playecl on the ground of the former on Saturday. Score :

-ST. JAMES'. - BAPTISTS. F. Knight b Ford l5 J. Sherratt b Knight... 0 F. Tole c J. Sherratt b W. Grounds c Wright Ford C. Hackney c Callon b P. Ford o Massey b Grounds Rev. D. R. Davies c T. J. Callon b Knight 2 _ Sherratt b Ford 1 E. Cliffe c Grounds b .._ . .

John Cartwright lbw b Knight Stowall l3 T. Sherratt c Eaton b J. Eaton b Cliffe 3 Davies A. Chester b Cliffe 4 J. Griffiths b Knight... 3 Jas. Cartwright not out 1 J. Stowell b Davies ... b J. Grounds b Cliffe W. Wright b Cliffe.. A. Newton c T. Sherratt S. H. Jordan not out b Cliffe Extras

Total 69

Total ...... 16

CIIESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS' IST. V. MANCHESTER CENTRAL—At Battersby-lasne. Score:— MaNallESTan. ENGINEERS. Cowan run out ...... 2 Duckworth a Kain b Kain b Deeley 8 Bellfteld 25 Bellfteld b Deeley 0 Monks a Franklin b Fitzgerald b Deeley 5 Bellfteld 0 Franklin stp Jordan b E. Deeley °and b Kain ti Monks Dewick b Monks Hayes b Deeley Edwards b Deeley 2 Jordan atp Dewick b Parker b Deeley 0 Belli:laid Greenhough b Deeley ... 0 R. Price b Bel!field Evans not out 1 Massey lbw b BeMeld 19 McKay a Dewick b Kain Hopkin.s b BeWield Wright not out 2 Extras

Total 2O Total ......123 C.V. ENGINEERS JUNIORS V. Moms LlALL.—Played

at Arpley. Score:— JUNIORS. MONKS HALL. Chamberlain è Daintith c Daintith b HilL

Pennington Tasker b Pennington l3 Pennington c Billir.g- Hill c and b Pennington 1 ham b Hill ...., 3 Billineham c Wright b Heywood run out _ Daintith . . 1 Winstanley b Hill 0 - ... . . . . . . .

Drury b Smith Gibson a Wrigh,t b Smith c& b Chamber- Daintith ' Iddon run out 0 Owen a Appleton b Appleton b Daiutith Wickham not out Smith b Pennington Heckle b Wright l9 Davenport b Hill Extras 9

Total ...... 79

T0ta1....,

MOORE AND DARES:WRY V. WALKER'S Bum WERT.— Played at Moore Park on Saturday, and resulted in an exciting win for the home team by two runs. MOORE AND DARESBURV. WALKER'S BREWERY.

J. W. - i1ain1144.3-1; - - W. Norman •c Baia-, Dugan S. Taylor b Dargan C. B. Allen b Dargan 1 S. Taylor Rev. T. T. Lee-Jones J. Dargan b S. Taylor 0 Norman 2 J. Cane c Smith b

T. Forster b Norman ... 8 Bainbridge W. Antrobcs b Darg,an... 0 J. Darton c Kilshaw b H, Taylor run out J. Smith not out

C. L. Evans c Cane b Taylor bS. Taylor... 5 Norman 0 T Newton bH. Taylor 1 J. Knight b Norman 3 W. Baird c Eev. T. T, C. Kilshaw b Dargan 1 Lee-Jones b S Taylor 0 F. Gerrard not out ... 0 J. Solith bS. Taylor... 0 B. Price b IL Taylor 2 Extras

Total tosTocK V. GRAPPENHALL.—PIayed at Grappenhall on Saturday. Scores:—

L6STOC K. G RAPPENII ALL. Jakeman b Watson ... 9 Warburton c Webster Acton c Hall b Warburton 2 b Wood l7 Maudsley run out Webster b Hallam 5 Wheen b Wobd Billington b Hallam ...... 2 Giffard c& b Maudsley 8 Wood c Hallam b Ha 11... 7 Hall c and b Wood 1 Stuart b Warburton 'l4 Hallam b Wood 1 Stubbs c Whom b War- Bankes b Wood button

Barker b Warburton Owens c Hallam b Watson 4 Albinson b Wood Ford not out Extras

Total 74 Total 54 ASTON V. PENKETEL—At Aston on Saturday. Score: —Penketh, 34; Aston, 55. WARRINGTON SECONDARY SCHOOL V. BEIVSEY-ROAD WEsrAyass.=-Played at Padgate. Score :—School, 25; Bewsey, 24. MERSEY CLUB V. WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S.—Played on Saturday. Score :—Mersey Club, 46; St. Mary's,23.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
The Exa:

===== 0002601_19050610_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
er, Saturday, June 10, 1905.

THE FOOTIIALL VICTORY. CORPORATION C3NTRACTS.

SHOULD THE COUNCIL HAVE MORE DISCUSSION ON THE FAIR HONOURED THE TEAM P WAGE CLAUSES. "Standard Rate " Previsions Agreed to.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Lively Discussion.

There was considerable discussion at the Meeting of _ the Warrington Town Council oh Tuesday evening on There was a lengthy and livelydiscassion at Tuesday's the "fair wage " clauses which shall govern Corpora- meeting of the Town Council upon the action of the tion contraots. The special sub-committee appointed Tramwilys Committee in celenrating the recent victory to deal with the matter recommended the adoption of of the Football team, by decoratiug and illammating the following standing order in substitution 'for the two cars for the procession. The reference to the event Present one:— as contained in the minutes was z resolution of the That in all contracts and sub-contracts the contractor Tramways Committee "That two cars be illuminatea shall pay all persons engaged or e nployed by them on I for the Procession to be organized by the Warrington Corporation work the Etandard rate of wage, recognised Football Club in celebration of the winning by the club in'the distriet,and shall observe such hours of labour as are of the Northern Union Cup." generally accepted as fair in each arade,and shall from I Councillor MAGINN asked what the resolution meant. time to time whenever reaaired se to dojos, the Council He thought it was suggested that the cars should be produce to them such evidence as they may deem illuminated at the expense of the ratepayers, but the sulloient that they are paying such wages and observing resolution did not state so- He would like to know if such hours. No contract with the Corporation shall be the bill had been paid ? sub-let to any person who does not comply with this Alderman SuSTITUBST: Not yet. standing order. Every breach of this standing order Councillor MAGENN: Who is to pay it? shall he taken into consideration by the Council before The NIA.YOR: You caimot stop the car fro u being entering into any further contract with the person who illuminated. The day is over, committed the breach. Councillor It.at'ax: It is true the cars were illumin- The General Purposes Committee had considered the ated, but the resolution on the agenda is very mislead- report, which was signed by Alderman Tlnnion. Comm- ing. If you don't tell Me I shall have to go on cillors Evans, Maginn, P. Peacock, Pemberton and without it. ‘Vilkinson,ani reaommended its approval. Alderman Smerituesr: They have not been paid for. The MAYOR moved and Alderman Fatacooccart Councillor NIA.GIIX: What is the amount? seconded the confirmation of the minutes. Alderman Swarms r : I will tell you afterwards. Councillor Sro-rr moved an amendment that the I (Laughter.) recommendation above quoted be not confirmed. The , The MAYOR: The account is not before the meet- clauses, he said, were very unsatisfactory. Some little ing now, improvement on the old 'Standing Orders had been made Councillor MIGINI: But we are asked to pay it. 1 in the way of dealing with sub-contractors and pro- won't argue about the amount, but discuss the matter viding a penalty. ft was the clause specifying on principle, the standard rate of sages to which he most strongly Alderman SMETHURST: The wages cost £lO lie. 31., objected. The standard rate could be made to mean power £2 155., material 2.2 Ss. 9d., or a total of £l5 15s. anything, according to the constitution of the corn- We had on hand material for the late tram jiluinination. mittee or Council. What he wanted was a clause which Councillor MAGINN said he was sorry to be forced to stated distinctly that the contractors should pay their contradict the information given by Alderman employees the trade union I rate. Councillor Smethurst. He entered a protest at the meeting of the Storm claimed that if there was any section committee against this thine being made a mordent of the electorate which ought to have some sympathy that the ratepayers should decorate the cars for the extended to it it was the trade union section. football club. He had nothing to say against the foot- During the last year he found fr'orn the returns bailers, but he objected to a precedent beina set. If of trade union organizations that thousands of pounds they illuminated two cars, opened the Town 'Hall. and had been paid to Warrington men who were unemployed, the cost was .215 for a private party of Individuals, he too old to work, or iU. It had been said that if the hoped that for the first industry which succeeded at Council rejected the clauses their action would be some exhibition, and secured a cup, the Corporation equal to a vote of censure on the sub-committee. He would light up four cars. That would be far more did not take that attitude for the reason that five profitable to the town. If the members of the coin- members out of the seveta were willing to accept the mittee were mombersof a private company, or a tram- trade union instead of the standard rate but the reason wae company would they out of their pockets why some of them did not agree to it was because they and out of dividend let two cars for the success of a were afraid that the Council would not accept the Trade football club? (Councillor Stott: .` Not much.") if Union rate. He hoped the Council would show that the Council were going to make the success of the foot- those fears were groundless. One objection to a Trade ball club a akrecedent he hoped the team aionld not win Union clause was that one local industry would be any more cups. He was glad there was no cup for the affected to a great extent. That one industry, he was cricket club. (A Voice: "There is a cup.") afraid, meant practically one shop. Trade unionists had Councillor MAGINN : Then I hope they will not win no objection or enmity against any employer in this or it. Continuing, he said ho would like to know who had nay other town' who wished to treat his workpeople taken the liberty of ordering the two cars to be e'ooor- fairly, bathe did not think it was fair that the Council ated before the matter was brought before the corn- shoold preanit the conditions which obtained in one mittee? He would also like to knovv why the figures trade to govern their actions when it came-to a general had been juggled with? The tramways manager had principle. The trades that would be affected by the told the committee that it would cost £25 par car for, standing orders were very numerous. Councillor Stott decorations. There were certain decorations on hand, also objected to the classes because they specified that but that was not the way to look at the matter, and no the contractor should pair the standard rate only to one would deny ta at the whole traffic was disorganised.. "persons engaged on Corporation work "and it It cost 10s. per mile to run the two cars, and how many would therefore be possible for a firm, to miles were covered? Had they got any revenue out of I'6°r°l3l3' with the clauses and yet on ordinary work to the townspeople in carrying them about the town? How pay wages below the staniard. He believed all local many fuses were blown out of which the Council Mai no trade unionists disagreed with the standing orders, and record? (Laughter.) The Council a short time ago a very large proporition,of workingmen who did not gave £lO to the widow or a man who lost his life in a belong to unions also objected to them. He hoped that sewer—and he was a hera—but they were prepared to nine or ten members of the council who promised faith. spend at least CIO for the Football Club.! ale was fully before the election to support a trade union clause proud the team had been successful, but the club were would keep-their pledges. rich enough to pay for their own cars. He believed Councillor WRIGHT seconded. they neither asked the Corporation nor expected them , Councillor MmHg:a as a member of the sub-com- to pay for them, but certain gentlemen forspopularity mittee, supported the minutes. Councillors, he con- proposed what had been done. He proposed as an tended, wore elected to represent the whole of the amendment teat that portion of the minutes relating to ratepayers and not any particular section. the illumination of the cars be sent back to the 't Councillor Stott asked them to adopt the term " trade committee. union rate." Would Councillor Stott or env sensible . . . . . .

Coencillor SToTr seconded. He was a member of man think it was fair to adopt the term "employers the Football Club, but sooner than ask the ratepayers rate of wagesil? That, he contended, would he quite as to pay u the money for the oars he would prefer that fair as Councillor Stott's proposition. He (Councillor eachindividual member of the club should pay his Maginn) failed to see why there should not be a liberty proportion. of contract between eniployer and employs. If an Councillor LORD did not think the ratepayers should employs was not content with the conditions under be asked to pay. which he worked he had freedom and could leave the The afayors said that Ciancillor Magian was under a place. He did not think the Corporation should have wrong impression when he said that the cost was £7O. gone even as faras it bad done,bat he would accept the The total cost was 15 guineas and from that they had standard rate clause as being the best solution under to take the extra amount which was received in fares, the circumstances. It was an insult for Councillor The whole thing was a business transaction and was of Stott to supposeahat after agreeing to the clauses the the nature of an experiment. People came from Council would continue to allow a contractor to crush his Stockton Heath and Manchester-road and the other servants. The Council was not there to support either outskirts of the town and used the cars set apart for trade unionists or employers but to do fair play to the them and they practically paid 'the whole cost, so that ratepayers. . the ratepapers had lost nothing. The whole of the Councillor LORD asked for a definition of the standard people were satisfied and they thoroughly enjoyed rate. If it was not the trade uuion rate what was it? themselves. He had not heard a single complaint except Councillor PEMBERTON could not see why there should what he had heard that evening. be any quibble about the question. To his mind it did Alderman TINNIoN strongly defended the use of the not matter very much whether the Council stipulated cars.'and said he was proud of the action he took in the standard rate or the Trade Union rate. If therewas giving due recognition to the victory of the team. The a standard rate in a district it was the trade union rate. victory was a suitable occasion for the Mayor and Cor- The MAYOR : Supposing there was no trade union poration to take an official pert in celebrating the in a particular trade. You must have a staadard rate victory, and he believed that if the opinion of the rata_ which will take in trade unionism and all who are not payers generally could be ascertained it would be found trade unionists ae well. that they were in favour of what was done. (Hear. Councillor PEMBERTON : I don't take it that way. hear). The MaYoit : It is a quibble of words, pure and Councillor WILKINSON. in the course of a speech in SimialY- defence of the action of the committee, said it was Councillor BARTON agreed with the Mayor's remark, certain the club did not ask for the cars, but they were and said the standard rate condition had acted pretty anxious te make use of them, because as soon as he well so far. A trade union clause might be unfair to a mentioned the matter the offer was accepted at once, certain section in the locality, but he thought a They had there who started it (Councillor Pemberton, standard rate would suit their case admirably. "Shame.") He promised to see the Mayor. He did so Councillor Wisnoesoer said he was there to represent as wsll as the secretary of the club and the matter was the population of Warrington. He knew there were set in order. Why, a paltry £l5 spread over the popula- more non-unionists than unionists, and he had to tion of the borough was only one-sixteenth of a penny represent all. That was why he was in favour of a for each inhabitant. All the globes bought for the standard rate. display would go to the stock and be used up in the Councillor STOTT : Didn't you say you preferted a ordinary way so that their cost could hardly be put Trade Union rate? down as absolute expense for the procession. Councillor WILIONSON : No. • Councillor PEMBERTON said he did not think there Councillor STOTT : You pledged yourself to support Iwas anyone in the Council but was highly Pleased that the Trade Union rate and then you want to go off your Warrington had been able to bringlback the cap and he did word. I not think anyone would object to the spending of the Councillor WrisussoN : T can promise you and any ' money provided the spending was strictly in order. On other man in Warrington that any Corporation coo- the other hand he wassure the members of the Football tractor will have to comply with these standing orders 1 be Club would pleased to subscribe the money sooner and pay the standard rate for the town. than have anything said about it in that' Council or The Mayon: You might qualify the standing orders sooner than have any money wrongfully spent. There by saying "not less than the trade union rate." Some were some men who liked to entertain people in that employiSs receive more than the trade union rate. way provided it cost them nothing. i Councillor &row : We don't object to that. The MAYOR : It cost me more than it cost the I Councillor WILKINSON: I sluel always endeavour Corporation. , to see that every workingman in Warrington has a wage , Councillor PEMBERTON : I appreciate what you did, equal to the trade union rate. ' This proposal did not originate from you but from one Alderman TINNION said the sub-committee thought or two members of the Tramways Committee who they had arrived at a fair and equitable settlement of desire to make themselves popular with the football the dispute. While they had a great deal of sympathy community. with Trade Unionism, they felt it would not ,• Councillor WILKINSON: Explain how the money has be fair to everyone concerned if they adopted been wrongly spent. the very stringent condition that the trade union Councillor PEMBERTON : It is wrongly spent whed rate should be paid. While that rate might it is not spent in the interest of the whole of the rate- be applicable to many towns, they thought it would payers. lam sorry to say further that these figures not, without causing considerable friction, be applic- have been juggled kith. able to Warrington. They instanced, in particular, Councillor WILKINSON e I demand the withdrawal of the printing trade. He understood that non - of the those words. Tam not in the habit of juggling with three Warrington newspaper offices could be regarded as figures. , Trade Union shops while they employed female labour. The MAYOR: I think Councillor Pemberton had Councillor STOTT : Yes. . ; better withdraw the word. Aldermen Tresercer : I understand not from some of Courcillor PEMBERTON : I will justify what I say. your fellow delegates from Newton and Manchester. There is not the slightest doubt Mr. Telfer said the Continuing he asked the Council if they were going to 1 cars would cost £25. (Cries of" withdraw "). have in the Warrington printing trade, Trade Unionism ; The Mavoo : Mr. Telfer was mistaken if he did say and nothing else. The delegates who visited him from it. Manchester and Newton admitted that they had failed Councillor lVtrAtassols : lam not going to stand that practically to compel Messrs. Mackie and Co., Limited, word juggled, in particular to come entirely within the pale of Trade The Mao rt (to Councillor Pemberton) : Withdraw Unionism, and did not hesitate to say that they were it. using the Council so that they could compel them. Ile Councillor PEMBERTON : Well, I will withdraw it (Alderman Tinnion) declined to be a party to any such and substitute "misrepresentation of the figures." transactionswither would he be a party to assisting non- Because without a doubt they have been misrepresented Unionist stops to oppress trade unionists. Tbe sub- by the Committee. There are a few people with brains ,coMmittee felt that taking all the circumstantes into left as well as Councillor Wilkinson. consideration they would be doing more in the interests C•uncillor WILKINSON: Queetion, of the working classes and the town generally by adopt- Councillor PEMBERTON, continuing, said that having ing the term" standard rate" than by adopting the given the footballers this demonstration there would be narrower view of a trade union rate. no reason why the Bowling Club and the Fishing Club Councillor JAMES EVANS held the view that the should not have something done for them, matter was a quibble about words. The standard rate The MAYOR: It was simply a case of profit and loss, was the one which was arranged between organized We expected to make money out of it. institutions and employers. Councillor MAGINN : It seems that several people Councillor WRIGHT attempted to address the meet- take objection to having their figures doubted. I take ing betas he had already seconded the amendment he objection to anyone saying these decorations and work- was ruled out of order after a lively passage of arms ing of the cars only cost £l5. I will give £2O to-morrow with the Mayor. to have the cars decorated and run for me as an adver- On a vote being taken the amendment was defeated, tisement. ii only Councillors Stott and Wright voting for it. Alderman SMETHURST said he was not in favour of Councillor STOTT had given notice Of motions the cars being illuminated, and only agreed to it when stipulating a Trade Union ratetoffWages in Corporation he got instructions. However, taking away the money contracts, but owing to the lateness of the hour at they received from passengers, the amount left for the, which thebusiness of the Council was concluded, the ratepayers to pay was only £a 58. The Mayor at the motions were not dealt with. time promised to pay any loss there.might be, but be sce (Alderman Smethurst) thought they ought to pay it, as AN AWKWARD SITUATION ON A MOTOR. the Mayor had paid enough. As to the cost, the figures were given to him by the officials, and he certainly Let us assume that the driver has become unconscious should not be a party to any juggling, with dramatic suddenness. We must also assume that Upon the amendment being put to the meeting it there is a passenger to his left, for if be bad only one was lost, companion he would probably be in the front seat. From his position he could not conveniently reach the hand-brake. The clutch-pedal, however, would be quite accessible, and possibly he could apply the brake-pedal also. Absolutely the quickest way, however, of bring- ing a car to a standstill is to turn off the electric current and stop the engine instantaneously; not only, in, fact, is the engine stopped, but it would then itself act as a powerful brake upon the car. The switch is usually placed upon the dash-board—not invariably within easy reach of the driver himself, though oftener than not, but certainly always in a position which is accessible to the passenger. Any person, therefore,who is apprehensive on the subject should ascertain, when he in ounts a ca r, where the switch is placed,—"Country Life"

AT £4OO JOIN. On the occasion when King Edward (then Prince o Wales) announced his intention of lunching with Baton

===== 0002601_19050610_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
mml

===== 0002601_19050610_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ATHLETE'S PREDICAMENT.

Scrofula from Infected Rubbing Gloves

Zam-Buk Cures.

The danger of catching skin disease, and the never- failing curative agency to be found in Zam-Buk, will be forced on one's mind by reading the experience of• Mr. H. Colledge, of 166,1 Eagle-street, Coventry, who is well-known as an athlete in the Midlands. To the "Coventry Reporter" representative, Mr.Colledge said: "While at some sports I lent a young fellow my rubbing gloves, and although he had some pimples on his body I did not apprehend any ill-effects. A few days afterwards, however, pimples appeared oh my right leg. They grew worse, multiplied alarmingly, and matter began to ooze from them. The disease, which resembled a form of scrofula, spread to both legs, and great pain and inconvenience attended it. I consulted doctors and chemists, spending pounds on them, and used many bottles of medicine, five sorts of ordinary ointment, and four kinds of power. The disease did not abate, and it seemed as if nothing could conquer it. After being under doctors' treatment for nine months, a friend told me to ,trtr Zam-Buk. I was very sceptical after my experience, but I purchased a box and applied it with a piece of linen night and morning. After I had used one box the scabs began to disappear, leaving holes which Zam-Buk rapidly filled with new, healthy flesh. After completing the second box the disease 'had almost gone. I con- tinued the treatment with a third box., and my legs are now quite sound. There is no indication of the disease except the scars, which will, of course, disappear in time. r feel deeply grateful for the wonderful effects of Zam-Buk. I have since recommended the balm to a friend who was similarly troubled, and he also has been cured." Zam-Buk has proved invaluable for catching skin- diseases, spreading scabs, running sores, scrofula, blisters, chafing, eczema, itch, cramp, stiff joints, raw chins, blackheads, heat rash, abscesses, pimples, ulcers, festering sores, sore feet, weak ankles, ringworm, sprains, strains, stiffness, bad legs, piles, swollen knees, inflamed patches, boils, scalp irritation, poisoned wounds, dog bites, cat scratches, rheumatism, neuralgia. sciatica. Price, Is. lid. pert box, or 2s. 9d. for family size (2s. 9d. box contains nearly four times the is. lid). Of all chemists, or post'free for same price, from the Zam- Buk Co., 4, Red Cross Street, E.C.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

iVORES COMPETITION. ' FIRST ROUND.

-.-- --- -. Further progress was on Saturday made in connection with the competition for the Finlayson Cup, two matches being decided with the appended results:— P. 83 K. (NO. 2.) HOWLEY TANNKFIY. Golborne 4 Jas. Ditchfleld l5 J. Hewitt (capt.) J. Holbrook l5 J. Bate r lO Venables 6 F. Boyle l5 R. Tickle W. Eyes l2 J. Dickenson D. Ferguson l5 J. Wilcocks W. Lee J. Boyle l5 P. Gulooley 5 T. Coornbes l5 W. Ditchfleld J. Bradshaw l5 G. Berry A. Ball

157 123 Majority for Pearson and Knowles, 3'3. FLETCHER RUSSELL. FORSHAWS. W. Satinders 6 J. Richardson l5 G. Ball W. Ashall J. W. Evans l5 A. E. Boardman ll J. Massey senr l5 E. Tynan t l4 J. Hankett 9 G. Walmougtt D. Richardson l5 T. Lawton l2 J. Broadhurst J. Massey jun l5 G. J. Newton T. Ball F. Hasson l5 A. Podmore l4 T. Bridge 7 A. Molyneux l5

• 155 Majority for Fletchers, 6. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

HULL'S HEAD V. FA.nmEn's ARMS.—Played on the green of the first named on Saturday. Score : BULL'S READ. FARMER'S ARMS. Robert Fairbrother Frank Berry l5 J. Mercer 4 John Bird l3 W. Andrews l5 Herbert Clare l2 Joseph Weston John Swanton l5 W. Weston l2 A. Shaw \ l5 S. Davies 3 John Worsley l5 P. Croft 3 A. Gleave l5 Thomas Smith 0 J. W. Jolley. l5 John Weston George Ball l5 C.Roberts l3 J. W. Worsley 8 James Roberts Edward Shaw . 15 James Andrews

168 Majority for Bull's Head, 68. LIBERAL CLUB.

The Liberal ClubTZT;Tii;iiciiia—Saturday,and about 50 entered. The following were the prize winners: 1, J. Middleton, 17s. 6d. ; 2, J. Gibson, 15s. 6d. ; 3 and 4, T. Locker and J. Sankey, ss. each; 5,6, 7, and 8, W. Patrick, R. Whitfield, T. O'Brien and W. Taylor, 2s. 6d. each.

aAsl tphheo roast s e do eb e ellf oetfh s cehl lid,d E aignl aPaadr,i ss,etahte later,a mes s 0 -hearing his distinguished guest liked so much there was nothing s • ,______ A PROBLEM FOR FATHERS and men with responsi- special train to London for a specimen sirloin and bilities, who need clear minds and plenty of Activity to urr by brought over the chef of the Marlborough Club to ensure fulfil business duties, is solved by a thoughtful school- the success of the cooking. The cost of the joint master who, in the article " HEALTH GIVING WAY," amounted to MO. report the succesful outcome of his experiment in search of health (see page 6). .

===== 0002601_19050610_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
AT THE FIRST SIGN

Of Disfiguring Humours

Use CUTICURA

Every child born into the.world with an inherited tendency to tor- turing, disfiguring humours of the Skin and Scalp, becomes an object of the most tender soli de, not only because of its sufaring, but because of the dreadful fear that the disfiguration is to be lifelong and Mar its future happiness and prosperity. Hence it becomes the duty of mothers of such afflicted children to acquaint themselves with the best, the purest, and most effective treatment available, viz.: warm baths with Cuticura Soap. and gentle an oi ntings withCuticura Ointment, the great Skin Cure. Cures made in childhood are speedy, permanent, economical.

Cutieura Soap, Ointment, and Pills are mold throughout the world. Depots: London, 07 Charterhouse Sq.; Par!s,6 Due de la Adz ; Australia, It. Towne & Co., Sydney; Hoe.. ton, U. S. a.., Potter Drug & Chew. Corp., Sole Prope. 03-111siold free," HOW to Cure laherated Humours."

. - ,-- . # or- (i----<„,— __.\ . r ,141- j t • ''.-•\ 4 0r0_.,...." r__ ~...7.,,.; 1) ' ''' .- l' i/_._, I •'.."‘k.- i , • ,::, -:- ' (c& \ -• *C4 (IL.‘ ... '' -..-Ir.- l'%) ~. I (Ord :S: d ‘ , • . • ) 7 • Or\ ...

===== 0002601_19050610_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
OF PRICELESS WORTH.

Robert Leake, 11, Silver street, Barnsley, writes :—"I am pleased to say your pills are of priceless worth, anti I will sound their praises wherever I go." James Swift, Attercliffe, Sheffield, says :—" The first dose gave me great relief. One boa of these Pills ham done me more good than all the medicine I have taken.' Holroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive cure for Gravel Lumbago, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Disease of the Kidneys, Gout, Sciatica and Rheumatism; if not satis- fied money returned, is. lid., all Chemists; post free 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medical Hall,Cleckheaton,Yorks

TRADEMARK

===== 0002601_19050610_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
TENN

LAGE

NT'S

BEER.

GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM SEDIMENT

To be obtained from M. WALKER & SONS LTD., Froghall Bridge, Warington. arid of all Wine Merchants and Bottlers. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled, See that Every Bottle bas the Red T. Label. 19, Lancelots Hey. Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY, CIi..ASGOI/1/

TOOTH-ACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY

Prs van told. Neuralgic Heidaches and all Nerve NERVINE Palm removed hp unsmors msavngo4. .11110hemieti, le. t. or poet free on recalpt of 3tamps to DEPOT, I. ht. George titr.pt. Norwich.

OLD fiVERYWHORB at L. lid., ti. 14., 41. di, 4,4 i Us.

• OrthrLd qe LUNG TONIC, WORLD7SHLRIII FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, Ato.

THE BEST FAMILY MEDICINE. KA YE'k.3,,, WOEDSELL'S PILLS

Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, ((et itch* Dyspepsia. Constipstion, Liwar and Kidder Colnlainte,&3. For li4ie fatl. ages they are invaleibie. Of all Chemists, le. lid., ?..s. 9d., aid! 4s. Sd. per box or poet free on reaenn of stamp. to Psror, 13. St. George Street, Norwich.

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,376.

NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Chinst tried, always wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW The greatest boon ever offered to art Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, is. It dues not stink to spider-we.)- Ike marerials. bold everywhere in Packets at Id., 31., and bd. each. PRIVARIM ONLY BY _

T. eRIeTALRY. Chemist. 13- . 7. Whitest...l.s street, Lonsou. &C.

“AN A SAFE. PERMANENT, AND WARRANTED CURE FOIL Scrofula, Be rvy, R. zertift, Bad Legs, skin and Blood Disease. Pimples and Sores of all kind., we can with confidence ecommend Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture. It is ertalnly thn finest Blood Purifier that science and medi sal kill have brotieit to ileht.” Thousands of testimonials. Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless Imitations and substitutes.—Advt 3. . -

- ----•— • LILXIIKEPd 841 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, allacesulred for constitutional discharges from the UloaryOrgans Gravel and Pains in the 0504. Nree from MetTury. lisZthitsbed upwards Pt ye,rs. la boxes 4s. b& each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throuth— on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the megers. The Lin coin and Midland Douala* Drug Company, Advt.

PLORILME ?—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATH. —Thoroughly cleansed she teeth from all parasites or impurities, harttens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to the. teeth a peculiar nearly whltenees ‘nd a delighttut fragranor to the breath Prioe 21. 84. tor the liquid, or Is. per jar tm the Florinne " rowder." oft all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt.

VALI:TABLE DISO'OVERY FOE THE HAIR.—If your hair ilk turning grey or white or falling off, use the AlsztcAN HAIR RENEIVZO, Or it will positively restore, every case, grey or white, hair to its original colour. It make, the heir charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growtta price 3a. 6d. per bottle.—Advt. To MoT/VICRS.—Y Wraefiow's Soothing Syrup hes beer. used for over fifty years by millions of mother, for their childrenwhile teething, with perfect success. It will relieze the poor sufferer Immediately. It is pleasant to taste; auA pounces natural quiet sleep, by relievin4 the child frorn pain and the little cherub awakes" as bright it button."' a all Chemists Is lid, per bottle.—.A3vt

„ il

===== 0002601_19050610_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
be "Opimmtr gstrus

rI'R ' WARRINGTON AND MTD-CHREHIBB WEAMTVER." published every Satanic" morning. 'fillE " getaLEsTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINED , published every Friday afternoon. r" " ST. HELENS EXAMINER,' published every Friday afternoon. r" •'EtriNcoari Ex AWIN SE," published every Friday afternoon. THE - vIDNEB EXA.IIII'BIL," published every 1.. Friday afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES PREP AID ADVERTISENIENT AP kRTNIENTS WANTED HoPs itB WANTED APARTNIVITS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD IrITICLES LOST MISCELLANTOUS WANTS &RTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 38 ......... 45 54

===== 0002601_19050610_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Elomegtir fifterbants, dr.

NVANTBII GHISIHRAL SHRVANr. —Apply Mrs. LLOYD, Boat's Head Hotel,Leigb. Lancashire.

WANTBD good capable GIMSBRAL ; all duties t age 20 to 25.-119., HIGH Sr.. C.-on-M., Man& ester.

\NT AIBTHD good MINIMAL, 18 to 20: plain cooking.— Apply CROSS, Corporation St.eat. Warrington.

NvANTBD. Cooks. Housemaids, and Genera's.—Apply to H IJNT '6l HEGisTro,62 Charlton rd .Blackbeath,Londou.

WANTED, good (111NBRAL BBRxr ANT ; must have reierances. —Mrs HARox,Post Office Hotel, Kirkham

WANT FS I) GISSISSAL, 18 to 20, able to wash; referenePs. —Apply 52. HIGH ER BARK Re, IrtliWOOd, Preston.

WANTED. SKIIVANTINaN, to ll.e Pia ; good mll-ozound Man.—Apply GEORGE WILICLASON, Northwood Farm. Pacilham.

• WANTS° good GOOK-GHtlfiktaL. big family, also kitcbentled at oncei—BIITTEHWOBTIf. 243, Lord at., Soutbpo,t.

VVrBD, exnertenced first-CsB WAITRBSS for good- cla.s Cafe% Ltb.ral wages.—Address CAFE ROYAL. Arcade. Blackburn.

UT ANTBD good GBNBE AL ; reliable ; wash; food of !V children.—CHADrlELD, 10 Abingdon rd., Brook- lands, Manchester.

WANTHD, MU, about 15 tor chip shop; must be strong t comfortable borne. —Mrs. CICEETHAM, Wood et.. Middleton. Manehesrer.

WANTED, M LINERA June 21st, good Cook essential; two in family ; wasbing mostly sent out. —BEAUMONT, Tee Grove, Altrinebam.

WCOOK-GUN kta.L. age from 25 to 36; a little washing; goo,' Wages to suitable person.-3 6s, OXFORD IT., Liverpool.

-- WADITHD, Tru•tworthy waling UHL? for email family; comfortnble home ; no *errant kept ; reference.— Mrs. PCmLER 19, Arbour it.. Soutnport•

WANTHD 000K-GBNBRAL ; ,wastt and bake; two in family; housemaid kept.— Apoly Mrs. ANDERION, 4, riayr ham Avenue, Didermry, Manchester.

WANTBD. HOUSBMAID-WAITBBSS, some experienre. elersvmen'S famliy.—Address Mn. HAYNk.S. 23, Newsharc-drive. Illewsham Park, Liverpool.

wANTBD.—Smart General, Cook General. Housemaid, and Kitchen-maid.---Apply. with full particulars, to Mrs. VS minx. 38 Wheeleya Lane. Birmingham.

Q ITUATIONS V&Clara for Cook-generals, Houle-parlour- k7 maids, Nurse-housensalds. near London.—Write to tne BUREAU UNIVICRSAL, 3 Obureh at., Kensington, 11.%

WANT/1D experienced WAIT/Mind, iv Proteetant.n about 24, Wages Z.O, must have good reference.-01re. ASPDPIf. !tykes Holt, Balderstone near Blackburn.

Pariourmaids, Housemaids, Housemaid-Waitresses. kj Nurse, and superior Generals required for lanc.ibire, Cheshire, &c.—Mrs MORTIMER, 17, Ha'e rd. Altripeham,

WANIBD experieheed uthilK, Prolestaut. ag.i 26 to 40 ; wages £24 to £26; help given; required by the 20th. —Mr.. AePD. lykee Holt, Boldennone. near Blackburn.

A LL CLASSBS OF 814 WANTS reedy from country or town.public and private.—Call or write Miss it •ReldONS only office). 6,oldham street. Manchester. Bstablisbed 1862.

W ANTED RICSPIICT 4.l3Lis Country GIRL. as General. WINCKE, St. James Loge. Mellington ltd.. Aintree (side entrance. Greenwich Road), Near Liverpool.

WANTRD good GBNEEttsl. SISENANT ; one able to wash and do plain cooking; two in faultily ; good refer- ences required.—Mrs.- MITE, Iphroditw,LlverDnol rd. Form by

WOUI ISIS ANTHD SITUATION as HN—KPIIII or Mothers help, thoroughly domesticated, good plain Cook. Weslesan, excellent references —H. H., 40 Murray st., Higher Broughton, Manchester.

Ng Ito. HISAO REQI)IIthE3 Good PLAIN COOKS be weea 1. and Kitchentraids, Walttesses, Housemaids, Nurses and superior generals —EMLECT REGISTRY, Rusholme, Manchester. Established 25 veers.

CIOOKs WANTED £2O to, £24, Housemaid Waitress zlB 1../ to £22, Generals £lB to £2O. Girls £l4, excellent places No connection with any other office. —Write to HARRISON'S 6, Oldham street, Manchester.

MRS. PRBSTON. Progressive Servants' Agency, 44, Charles at. Oldest established in kitackpool. Wauts BERPABTS with Were, eel, for Hotels, Boarding, Private Houses ; good wage. ; enclose stamp

ALL CLASSIM OF SITUtTIONS. private and public good home excellent wages ; places In town, country and 'leash:le.—Write to HARBISON'S OLDEST haTABLL9IXED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street, Manchester.

rpitoßoucaux RBLIABLAS PHRSON requires /I post as _1 Mollusk, eper or Nurse to Invalid, mental or otherwise - or any position of trust, or charge of child ; good needle; woman ; exrellent references —J. H., 8. Leamington it,, Oxford rd., Manchester.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
i)ouses anb tanb on gpalt.

i(Aff SALM. small PIIIVATR HOITSS ; 3 minutes from eation and sea. —Apply 127, HIGH ST., tilackpool.

O sALFC.—APPL TRISH fraft&S. Sutton near Maerles• kJ field, 9 acres. good land.--JoeEpEt LomAs, Wythen Larbe, Combs. l'erbcatre.

VOR SALE, TWO 816E1-DETACHED VILLAS. No. 2 cud 4, Lodge lane, Bewley ; bathrooms and w.e's ; Icrge gardens.—Apply LLEWELLYN GRIFFITHS, Cheshire Cheese. Latchford.

DUILDING LAND.—Oskiale-avenue, Overton, Prodiham, besntitully situated, 15 minutes' cystic from station ; to be leased In plots for detached, or seml-detached houses APIAT to JOl.l, LITTLER Bank, Fro 'sham.

9'O BH LIMBED, In Latchford and Grappentall,Buildin4 1 'Plots for one or four houses, with option of making freehold ; building tie £5OO per house, sewer, water, fenced and planted—WlLLlAM AND EGAR OwEN. architects, War- rington,

-I alit). —FttIIEHoLD LAND, In Many counties, for .1..4 cottage. shop. farm, or mansion ; plot. from £lO each, or £2O per acre (good roads), payable by Instalments, free deeds ; houses, shops, and bungalows.—Mr. BRAKK, Farn- bprough, Hants.

OUTHPORT. —DETACHED RHSTDBNCH for SALH, three entertaining, eight bedrooms, all conveniences ; good grounds • splendid Do Ilion for medical man, or as a private reef deuce ; price £1,400 ; £8.)0 may remain.—ApOy 35. .CIRIBI3RICK N EW ED. Southport.

GARDRN CITY (Hesidential only). South Westmorland. —Quarter-acre Flots and upwards of PRICHEIOLD LAND where sea and mountain air anound ; price, Including street formation, one shilling per Yard ; easy payments if desired.—Plan and particulars free, BEXON AND ON. fdelthop Park. Grange-over-dands.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
.7 0 OP ttt.

PBSKIITH.—GOOD HOUSII`I WITH GARDIINS, 3s. 9.1 per week, also Cottages 3s. 61. and 2s. 6d. per week. Also Semi-detacbed House, Ohapel-road, rent £l4. IVY LODGB.PROC+HALL LANS rein .ed rent. SMALL WORKS, LA TCHFORD, 5 minutes from War- rington Bridge, rent 76.6.1. week. 61, OATH !MTN ST 6 roomed house, rent da. week. LABURNUM VILLA, FROBHALL LANE, reduced rent. 17, MILL LANS rent 61 week, 55, NEW RoAu. rent 4s. 9d. week. 17, I.IIIRPOINT ST , rent 4s. week. 6, SCHOOL BROW, rent 3e. 9.1. welk. Apply (tonkrir LOWE, Estate Agent. No. 1 Bank-street War- rington. Telephone—No 56.

MISHRH.—HOIIs RS to LET. V) to £3oo.—Wr te GARROD WI.TOOM High it.. Iteher.

ri '0 LS l' 17, FOLLY LAN 5, —apply WOODi 4t SON 1 Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

fl7O LET GOOD HOUSE, Parker street, rent 355, month clear.—Apply Wool's dON, Solicitors, Warrington. ITO LET, good HOUSE In Derby-street, rent 45. 6d ; also One off Bewsiey-road, rent 4s. 6d.—Apply Woos &Sox. bollcitors, Warrington.

FllO 138 LST.—HOUSE and SHOP 57, Plimpton it. Liverpool rd., Warrington Suitable for Greengrocer or Fieb.—Applv J. TITCIIETT it SON, 14, Clair° street.

IT() LifT at ONCE g00.113/4141KHOIJ,H, tAki,g full licence ; 1. all bills shown ; starting building large factory opposite; been in four yeare.—Douttur INN. Heaton lane, Stockport.

910 Ali LhT.—Large FAMILY ROUSH, with garden. No 17, Stafford rd.. Wilderspool ; rent £2B.—lnqalre the tenant, or at 116. WILDE/WOOL CAINEWAT. Warrington.

fliisteltattoul, on gbale, etc.

LILKOTHIC SHLL 0./TFIT, complete, Including battery, Li' bell, wire, &e , 2s. 9 I.—Huortcs, Leasowe r 1., Wallasey.

lIBMINGTON TY t'BWRITBILLio. piendid condition. 9a..rifice £7.-GBEENHOw.I3I.NeIsoI RD-Morasey,London

FOUNTAIN PBS :Ts. 6d. line), Manufacturer • Stock, sent post free Is. 3d.—DEPT, F., 33 Aberdour rd,llford

T IMBI LIME! Architects and Builders w•mting good 1.1 strong Lime should apply to the IREVOR HALL, LIME Co.. Llangollen. 'MEW Household Accmnt Book, simple and tensible. 11 3. 6d. post free.—McQuirEN it Boas, Printere, Devana rd • Lobes or.

ASIMPLES Heat!HOY thst w,ll ,peedily grow a good head of Hair sent lor le. THORN, 29, S. Oswald's rd., Fulham. London.

iNIUTIII3Ita TAKES I.lollod that " O.N.K.P. " kills all nits and vermin, never fails ; large tins post tree e..f. from J. A. OAKES. Weymouth.

2 COLOURED Pt)SIIjRJS, Actre.ses Beauties,V ewe, ; French, I.s. packets. Money returned.— Ga, AGE WRIGHT Chesterton. Staffs.

ji&TILIMuU&L POST" sealed envelope Sd. With LU &melee 9d —BDiTOn, U Tr.talgew Butlaings, Loncoi W.O —Specimen copy, stamp.

DIM Nlititl HMS cured by a safe, secret ..nd sure remeds. Send st..rnpei e .v. lope to Nlrs. FAIBFLY, eh, nyton et CO., 112, Cheaptude, London, B C. CIIGAR BINDS, for decorating plaques. &C., assorted or 1.._1 one pattern. 11)0. ; 2)0. Ir.; post free.—J. B. 16?. cannon it.. Midd eab onah.

KLBIJNE2III, registered plate cleaner. Cart 6d and la. , three csns, ether size, post floe. 11,4 ants wsuted.— WErma. The Modern Jeweller, e‘outtise4

A blitOLOGY.—Huroscope of Charlotte and livduts, witti ts, two years' future added.—Send birth dste, Is. P. 0., Prr f OATJLD, 26, Hill at.. Newp,,rt, Mon

taTOCKINiId BYIBROIDEIIitD, two pairs, la. &t. pest 1.../ tree ; moner returned I; not approvect.—Hotimor WARICHoUsE, 22A Wharf rd , Grantham.

CROORRELY.—Crates of seconds always in stock, suitable for Markets. Hawkers, bbopmen. Write for free list,— IMPERIAL AST PorryßY Longtdo, &offs.

1.) DAzaitit GOODJ 60.—'ireptto3t variety awl value in the trarle,whole ele.-3A.LSION & NIATrUSWMAN, LTD.. Plough Bulldini. Gloucester et., Pirmingham

T4.:101C TO Taw LAND.—£6) yearly from n.if an acre of X/ Garden. Read " Up-to-date Gardening for Amateur.," Poet free Td.—H. VINCENT, 4. Sudeley terrace, Brighton.

CIAKIS for Garden Parties, 2s. each.—Tennia, ChOeolate„ 1..) Walnut, Battenberg, tc. Original Bith Buns, 2e. coz Post free.—Moony 1110-31,se Oonfec-tlon.r, urbiton,

yous CHARACTIM DBLINHATBD from your hand- writing. Send specimen, stamped envelope. and Is. P.O. to 'VERITAEI,' 60, Beresford Road,flarringay, London.

AMAZINCI DlSCOVHBY.—Longitudes from Greenwich clock give working distances end dimensions of the llt Earth. Plan on stiff card.— ixpence from MIDDLETON. St. Matthew's Garden.. S. Leonsrds.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

LATZ,HFuItD WITHOLII. WI thin sroinutes from car o wg,AN} ORD'S FOIt3ON tor Killing Hats answers 0 station. two newly-erected SEM 1-DBTAC kiiiD VILLAsf 0,./ well. " Alter ono drksing Ito Ind 136 dead next morn- decorated throughout, containing two sitting-roonickitehen, BLISS, Helithorpe. Leighton. .• I killed KO rats larder. wabhhonae, 4 bedrooms, bath, tv.c.. hot and cold eith Banford'a Poison."-0 Cloox, Farmer. laillemere. "I water ; good gardens, well elevated.--Apply E. Cosa, destroyed 145 rats with it."-0 WILSON, Otford.--Senl Is 2d Sankey et., Warrington, SANFORD SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by Ctern'sts

.0115cellantou5, on 3ales, tit.

GARDRN ROSH. Waits to- erica List.—BERMONDIEX RUBBER Co.. 32, Jamates rd., I on4on. 8.8.

MANCHUSTOR and HUNT CUPo.—Sperially kept Is. 6d each event.- MARTIN. 9 Islington Green, Lorton.

D LAMM 111316L5, GRNUINR pairs 6d.. Ladies It 5d., post rree.—Baroca HUDSON. Delph, Manchester. 11-NON'T INSURR YOUR LIFSI %fore writ'ng expert. It will repay you.-4RACKELL, 40. Great Tower st.,London.

BOON TO LADIBS. -Pair teel Magnetle scissors. Sent post free, Is. 11.-1) 11 33 berdour rd., Ilford

ANOVEL Weekly CONS PH FITIO Particulars free from J. GRANGER, Scotland Chambers. Scotland Passage. Birmingham.

13EAUTIFUL SILK PATCHWORK 250 pieces Is. 3d; I'lmb parcel. Is 3cl : carriage paid.—ALFRED. 423, Great Cheatham at., Manchester.

MAGIC SELP.LIGHTING MANTLES —No matches. required ; turn on the gas —it lights itself ; 10d. post free. THOMAS. 275, West it., Crewe.

013WT,of BLEACHFORD'S CALF ItHstL, beet quality ; in 1 cwt. bag. 50. ; the lot worth ; sacrifice; owner leaving town.—Apply 50. Perim.. ST , Wrexham

I N BYRRY HOUSRHOLD a list of recipes is worth pounds. You can cet such and save pounds by sending only 29 ed. to iILEIGH LIFT, Big Lakenbeath. Suffolk.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Forgtsi, Elogs, Übe *tork 3cr

NAND AFRIOAN GqBY t'ABROT with red tall. Begun lir to talk, 255., approval.—MOCEAND, Seabright Villa, Castle-Magi/O. Scotland.

TURNOUT ON SL/1 ; PONY, 13 hands ; Huboer-tyred _L Governess OAR. with lamp and cushions ; Brown HARNlhn.—apvly W M TR, oVrglatington Bar Wigan.'

nttb

OW TO WIN BUCOK3B IN BUSINIOS. ' post tree le. 3d.--SmITH, 38 Lem it., Ashton-under-Lyne.

A GBNdEI wanted for Enlargements &c; low pric•s; 50 per ca cent. commlagton.-155. CuPENSAGEN ST.. ondon N

ftEDRNEE seeks Engagement. Good all-round men. 1... A Active, willing, disgd., married, refs.—F. ATCHELAR, Upobureb, Kent.

A DOPTION —haspectable coupe rants Baby to adopt ; Jt good home, premium.— 7.lra. FLOYD, 18 Tanesfield. '

Wolverhampton.

awl Dairymen should send to ALFRED AMIEd A Co., Slddals rd., Derby, for list of Milk ()burns and Dairy Utensils.

CIANV,ICSIIRS weruND to represent London trade journals in principal towns.—Woommtr, Advertiser Burtoe -on-Trent.

liltitlitilaTlU men may easily earn 20s. to 40s. per week. -CI tiest paying Agency golug.--Itamped adores, 7 CASKIE AVENUE, Ashford, Rent.

I 10-0 PBRAIIV/9 SOCISTISS.—Re-engagement Wanted.— V Storekeeper or 6 ash. ant. Age 40, married.—NmatoLS, Regent it., Leighton Buzzard.

COLLROI7OO ft WASTE P.at once spare tune,for aarlestown ; knowledge of canvassing pretergel ; re ,r.ncei.-134, CAMBRIDGE RD Southport.

LIROCBRS and PROVISIONS —WANTiO) a capable MAN kJ to manage Branch Shop; teetotaler preferred.—Adareas R. T. " fisaminer " Office. Warrington.

youNG MAN AKd I'UATIOIa Ad PLUMBHIt ; gas, h. & c. water and pump fitter, main pipe laying, &C.—MIDDLETON, Monks Lane, Audiem, Llheshire.

WEKING BAILIFF 6/11.4K3 erstanos all Farm work and Stocs, can kill sheep and pig.. Good references, —4. Mismamtr.,249,Landedowne,Birkenhaad

9.10 LADI 8.-Is. 2d. only ; easy end pleasant way of I. adding to one's income, by writing to W S. HALL, 419, Wellington it.. Grimsby, and enclosing ls. 21. for sample with fiil particulars. Mooey returned If not satisfied.

SAULTAILY ItEoPHUDHES —Lady Health Miters ; £looto £350; seieral hundred Vacancies annually. opeu to all ; 400 euecesses. Postal Lessons now Commencing for Manchester Exam. ; fee 25e. —4II.7aHENS, Science Teacher, bunderland.

I JOHN WAL KER AND 00.. PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, LITHOGRAPHERS.

ESTIMATES GIVEN POE EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING.

POSTERS EXTRA LAtICHI SIZE. 40 x 60 One Sheet. RELIABLE WORK. MODERATH CHARGBS. NEATNES AND DESPATCH.

JOHN WALKER & Co., PRINTERS, BRWBEY-STRRHT, WARRINGTON.

ePuratton.

ANDBt.ti 3UL1001.4 011- Sill it If,— Aoderate Li Pees. Illustrated Prospectus from nettrimmiter. _

kiliatESITY 6CtiOUL, eOUTtiPOKT. A MOST SUCCESS/QM BOARDING2ICHOOL FOR BOYS.

W. HIINIMIRSON, M.A.., Principal,

20 1211 TS OLD HA,ReOIaS, £1 t £2 100.; sundry bridles, collars, gears, gent's saddles, end bead collars CUMMINS. Sadler, multhoort.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
.Iffltbiral.

WHEN Doctors fall trs Hawes' Herbal Remedies: Advice free —DAWES' BOTANIC DKPOT. As ton Manor.

BARBEIVS HCZHMA,—bure, quick cure. price le. 6d.—IIoLMAZ & CO.. Wingate Curham.

YU-SUTH-MH.—Prompt neuralgia cure; chemists, 25., or post 2s. 3d. —iinu,lFlT,uts, °hernia,. Jt. 80.

Greatest Corn Cure on lisrth Is Cornets. Price Is. SHLNDLvY, 95 Dongola rd., Plaistow. B.

2 Ayer' celebrated receipt for Consumption (marvellous ,- results). —AB gIiNETR r, 234, Albert Bridge rd . Belfast HEUNIATISM Lumbago, stiff Joints. N UgSni HLkard 11, Famous IiBIBROCATION, 25.--8. HASELAIGGE RD., Clapham, London.

_ FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEAWS THOUSAND:4 ON' LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A I/00N TO WOMANKIND , They are the best known Remedy for Anmmia, Giddiness, Fulness and dwelling after Meals. Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart. arialeDepress ion, Weakness Irregularities, and Boxes 9id.. Is. lid.. 2s 9d., 40. 6d. and Ils. May be bad from all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the proprietor. Only kddress ; 309, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL. LoNHON

*torkcs, tuOinesigel, gpbares, eft.

F °DOING HOUdii good FOR bALE. good connection, good accommodation.—Apply letter or call, 3, GASKELL COITRT, Bolton.

701BH, POULTRY and GREBOUIROORaY 13USIN1SS to _32 be Disposed of, good stand ;no hawking, trap; E 0 weekly.—Appl7 MILLER, 12, Bridge at., Bariestown.

OSALR.—DAIRY FARM with good milk round. Grow- lug crops and stook. all at valuatlon.—Address L.A. " Examiner Warrington.

IlikitttOW.—General Business, all at £B5. Rent £3 , Including toys, lees. &c. ; sbop, 9 rooms, suit two farnilie‘ ; weekly takings. £l5, increasing. Illness cause ef selling— SNELLIN6S, Wealdstone (stamp)

===== 0002601_19050610_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Ons, Poultrn, ett.

I' ARON Aylesbury DI,OK EGGI.i, 2s. 31. per sitting. poly ;FAMES OnlC, IA linman rrl. Blackburn.

WHITE WYABDO fTI4, White Leghorns,Black Mlnorcas, Eggs from pens of each of three best laying breeds existing; White Wyandottes and White LeghOras won In the four last annual laying competition. My birds are bred direct from winning pens' strain. dittings (13) now reduced to 3s. 6d.—Pnice MoRGA.N, Llwyteg, Towyn.

V GGS FOR BITIING.—Hr. W. Hilton wants to draw the 111 attention to Poultry Keepers that he is advertising the following breeds for sitting comprislog of White Leghorns, Blue Andalusian', Silver Wyandotte., Golden Wyandottes, Buff Orpingtons, Brown Leghorn', Black hangsbans, and Houcans, 3.. a sitting ; also grand pens of Black Kinorcas and Black Orpington& at 45., worth double. Also a grand lot of White Aylesbury Duck bggs at 3s. a sitting. AU unfertile eggs replaced. Inspecrion invlted.—Note the a.ldress, W. HILTON, Long lane. Hindley Green, near Wigan.

GOB FOR SITTING.—In returning thanks to mV numberless customers for past favour I again invite an inspection of the ftllowing pure breeds of fowla Black Minorcas, Black Leghorn', White Leghorn', Buff Leghorns, Brown Leghorns. Blue Andalusian' Houdans, Indian Game Barred Rocks, Golden Wyandottes, eilver Wyau- dottes, Lancashire Buffs, Buff Orpington Black Orpington ; also the following first crosses male.bird fleet IndlanGame and Lanshan ; Lanshan and Blick Orpington. Houdan and White Leghorn, Black Minorca and 81.,ck Leghorn. All these 28.8 d. per sitting, all home packed and put on rail 35.. Indian Runner Ducks same price; also a special pen of Buff Orping- ton and Lanshans Ss. 6d. per sitting.—Address, NeWton-le- Willows, HENRY DRAPER, 205, Newton rd.. Lowton ; a few minutes walk from Lowton St. Mary Station, one mile from tram car. No business none on Sunday.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
iiiiiiten

ESTABLIIHED OVER FORTY B. HARRIS. HARRIS, 1,2, KING-STREhT, HANLE/ , AM) 13, NEVVGATE STREET, Cll ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES. In Sums of from SIO to £I,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DARTIEs wishing for temporary CASH ADVAIWES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- INC. Ti) RISK. THE WRITTEN GiTARANTRE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO Tan BORROWER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARK NOT punisEED, Mary NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SI,CRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEETION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE In urgent cases a Representative aillCM I personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

Mr. BALFOUR THE TWO PROPHETS OF repeated on Satur- PROTECTION.—MR. day the admission CHAMBERLAIN'S he was good enough SPEECH. to make at the Albert Hall that the country is against him. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN made the same admission at St. Helens. The evidence is too strong to be resisted any longer. Chichester is not so good as Whitby for the Oppositiou, but the reduction of the 'rory majority by 1,400 is nearly as significant as defeat. Accepting this, Mr. BALFOUR tells us airily that the inevitable Liberal Ministry is " pre- destined to fill merely the position of a stop- gap." Mr. CHAMBERLAIN takes the same view, and puts it with the greater emphasis of his florid rhetoric, "I am perfectly certain that in a few months' experience of them', the country will be much more anxious to get rid of them than it ever was to put them in." It is a pity that Mr. CHAMBERLAIN cannot persuade Mr. BALFOUR to hasten the fulfilment of this prediction. If the Liberal Ministry is to sicken the country in a few ' months, why not letit come in without any further delay? Mr. BALFOUR kindly admits that the Liberals did :some good about seventy years ago. But for the last forty years at any rate it is the principles of his own party which have con- ferred inestimable boons on the nation. The nation it serves is a little fatigued by its welfare under this beneficent dispensation, and wants to try the other. But it will soon regret this aberration, says Mr. BALFOUR, and then the virtues of Unionists will resume their sway. All this is an excellent argument for a speedy Dissolu- tion. Why not let the country have what Mr. BALFOUR describes as a Radical debauch, and get it over? The tenacity with which he sticks to office, however, suggests a misgiving in his mind that when he loses it he will not return quite so soon as he would have us believe.

Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S speech was remarkable chiefly for the loud assertion that his policy has been adopted by the Prime Minister. Those Unionists who believed that Mr. Be.r.Fouß had dissociated himself from Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN'S Colonial Preference, and had rescued his party from Protection by the safa and nebulous formula of Retaliation, must be rather concerned to find Mr. CHAMBERLAIN heartily subscribing to the official programme. Colonial Preference, he says, is now acknowledged by the Prime Minister as the first item of Unionist policy. This means, of course, a duty on corn—that is to say the taxa- tion of food. And yet Mr. BALFOUR has told us that he will never be a party to the taxation of food. Is this pledge to go about the Colonial Conference ? Ia this, then, the outcome of Mr. BALFOUR'S negotiations with Mr. CHAMBER. LAIN P Or is that wily tactician putting his own construction on the situation so as to force Mr. BALrotrit's hand ? That is a question for the Unionist party and not for us. As Mr. CHAMBERLAIN justly remarks, the Liberal party are flatly opposed to the whole business. They will not have a duty on corn, and they do not believe that it can be so juggled with as not to be felt by the " poorest of our people." Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, who allowed himself unbounded freedom of assertion at St. Helens, holds that his policy is "a constructive one," and that the policy of the Radicals is " exhausted when they have sat themselves down in their armchairs." On

the contrary, it is in his armchair' that Mr CHAMBERLAIN has been vainly striving to con- struct a scientific tariff. The experience of many years has constructed our fiscal system, which the country sees no reason to change. No duty on corn, it is plain, will satisfy our Protectionists. The whole of the St. Helens speech breathes a desire for a tariff corresponding to the tariffs which in Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S Opinion have con- ferred priceless blessings on Germany and the United States. We know those blessings, and have not the smallest wish to share them.

"Lord! how it talked!" one might say of the Council on Tuesday. The meeting was as near to creating a record for length as its predecessor was for brevity. Four solid hours were spent in some very free discussion, and at ten o'clock, when members were marching out in groups, the Mayor summarily closed tne proceedings with one or two matters on the agenda still untouched. We are fast coming to the conclusion that something in the nature of a time limit is required in the War- rmgtoo Town Council. Nine o'clock might be fixed as the absolute maximum of lateness for one sittting. This would give three hours for debate, which is quite as long a time as the members are capable of coherently arguing for at a stretch. The last hour on Tues- day saw things rushed in an undignified and unprofitable fashion, solely owing to the fact that members were tired of hearing one another. If the business cannot all be transacted in a reason- able time, then some such thing as a nine o'clock limit might be enforced and the balance held over for a subseluent special or ordinary meeting. As things are frequently carried on at present, the town would gain rather than lose by such a course of procedure.

There was again a lively debate on the Carnegie library question, and a vety unsatisfactory result. By this time the Council had been sitting some three hours, and the members were getting too tired and impatient to transact the business properly. Councillor Wright, in a strongly-worded speech, proposed the rejection of the minute authorising an appeal to Mr. Carnegie for money required to extend the Library, and in so far as the question of the town's dignity was concerned he had considerable support. Probably, if 'he had enlarged more upon this aspect of the case and said little about what he conceived to be Mr. Carnegie's personal character, he would have achieved his object. The vay in which the millionarie's wealth was amassed is certainly a matter for consideration, but it involves an ethical question apparently (pito above the heads of the members of the Warrington Town Council. Many of them, we fear, do not care how Mr. Carnegie got his money, and if that is the frame of mind in which they approach the subject it is obviously of little use trusting to the niceties of their moral perception. We should have thought, however, that the men who are so proud of the town—and every Town Councillor naturally comes under this head—would have been more concerned about the upholding of its dignity. Bat" the narrowing lust of gold" has warped their views, and when the Mayor closured the debate by asking for " ayes " and

"noes " on the point at issue the" ayes " had it. At any time this is an unsatisfactory way of taking a vote, and it was by no means conclusive on Tuesday. The motion to "open communication with Mr. Andrew Carnegie," however, is pre- sumed to have obtained the approval of the Coun- cil. We hope the Museum and Library Committee will refrain from any indecent haste in writing to the millionaire now they have got the authority of a purely presumptive majority of the Town Coun- cil.

It is a striking coincidence that just as the Warrington Town Council has decided to approach Mr. Carnegie for a grant, the following telegram from an American correspondent appears in the Press :

" New Orleans, Thursday.—The University of Mississippi has refused Mr. Carnegie's offer of 25,000d015. for a library. Mr: Vardammi, the Governor of the State and a member of the board of trustees, said that the university does not want money coined from the blood and tears of the toiling masses." This is yet another indication of the wave of feel- ino which is sweeping over America against the methods by which certain financial magnates have amassed huge fortunes. The decision of the University of Mississippi should provide food for reflection for the Warrington Councillors who are obviously so eager to be handling Mr. Carnegie's money.

Quite an amusing little discussion was gener- ated by gas. The large profit of :U0,407 made by the Gas Department aroused the cupidity of several members. Councillors Lord and Clegg, as representing the shop-keepers, wanted a reduction in the price of gas, which they doubtless find is an expensive commodity to them. Councillor Wilkin- son, as a property owner, firmly opposed the suggestion. He wanted the rates reducing first. Both parties having had their say, the Chairman of the Gas Committee, Alderman Fairclough, remarked humorously that if the Council would reduce the rates he would reduce the price of gas. What he meant was, of course. that a concession from him was dependent on the, rates being re- duced independently of the large contribution made yearly by his department. In making out the Borough Budget a month or two back, the Borough Treasurer credited himself with a pros- pective £9,000 from the Gas Committee, so that there only remains a balance of about £1,400 for the Committee to place to its reserve account. We certainly think a reduction of the rates is more imperative than a lessening of the gas charges. The price of gas will compare very well with the price in most towns, but the rates are so high that they are driving people into the suburbs and pre- judicing Warrington's chances of commercial development.

The Medical Officer of Health, for having again dared to refer to" the widespread nuisance of un- pavod streets and passages" in his annuli report, has incurred the disfavour of Alderman Tinnion, who strongly condemned Dr. Gornall at the Coun- cil meeting on Tuesday, where the ;atter had, of course, no opportunity of replying. In this matter our sympathies are all with the Medical Officer, and we think he is en- titled to the thanks of the public for so fearlessly stating his views while knowing that they would be unpalatable to Alderman Minion and the Paving and Sewerage Committee. As Medical Officer it is Dr. Gornall's duty to inquire into all circumstances which have any bearing on the health of the town, and if the condition of many streets and passages is such as to he dis- tinctly unhealthy then it is equally his duty to point out the fact and the necessity for remedial measures. If he were to go about in fear of giving offence by his report it would be of very little value and the ratepayers won/03 soon conclude they had either a very timorous or inefficient medical officer. We fee/ sure Dr. Gornall will not allow his future course of action to be influenced in any way by the harsh criticism of Alderman Tinnion and his committee. , He is first and foremost the adviser and protector of Warrington's 70,000 inhabitants and not merely the servant of any one committee.

A petty little squabble arose on the minute relating to the illumination of tramcars in honour of the Football Club's victory. A few members raised what they termed a question of princip'e and protested against the money of the ratepayers being spent in this manner. The protest caused a somewhat lively discussion, but that was all the effect it had. There was ample justification for the Mayor and the Electricity Committee in authoris- ing the display. As a business venture it woull probably have paid had the cars covered the route according to schedule time. Moreover, it is a miser- able Town Council that never rejoices, and in rejoicing with the footballers the Council was not by any means contemptuous of the ratepayers. Ninety-nine in every hundred of the latter eppeared to take a pleasurable share in the demonstration quite regardless of the fact that the cost to each one would be so high as one- sixteenth of a penny. We are very glad thac, the Council did do honour where honour was due even at some slight expense to the ratepayers. A Royal visit to the town would involve a very much larger expenditure of rate pap& money, but the small , minority who objected on principle would be laughed out of court—or council. The real and the imaginary situation appear to us to be on all fours with each other.

Warrington' branch Library scheme is at last an accomplished fact, but it is as yet too early to judge whether the public support will realize anticipations. During the summer months there is naturally a decrease in the demand for litera- ture most people preferring to enjoy open-air recreation. By the time that the (larger evenings come round the system will have got into thorough working order, and it should certainly prove a great convenience to the inhabitants of districts which are a considerable distance from the Central Library. About one hundred volumes have been sent to each of the three delivery stations established at the Winwick-street, Church- street and Green-straet Post Offices, and any other books can be obtained at short notice. Although comparatively few books have been issued this week, we hear there has been an encouraging demand for guarantee forms, and if the branch libraries have the eftect of inducing the public to take greater advantage of the supply of wholesome literature, they will have justified their existence

The union between Norway and Sweden was less than a hundred years old. It followed on the " battle of the nations." fought on October 186.3, 1813, when Napolboo, after his retreat on L,ipsic, sustained a sound drubbing, and did not halt froei retreat until he had again crossed the Rhine. The German kingdoms put out their heads again, like snails on a wet evening ; a Sovereign Prince of the Netherlands remounted the throne; and Denmark was compelled to accept the Treaty of Kiel in January of the following year, by which the French alliance was abandoned, that crumbling. little island of Heligoland was ceded to Britain—which some critics say we ought never to have parted with to Germany—and Frederick VI. of Denmark handed over Norway. to Sweden--without asking NorwaY 0 permission—and, for compensation, received the Swedish Pomerania and Rugen. Thus Bernadotte Napoleon's Marshal, in whom had been found e successor to Charles XIII. of Sweden, saw Sweden make a tolerable excha-ge in cutting the cable of her connection with Germany. But at the othBr. end of " the only one of the Napoleonic dynasties which has survived matters are in hardly BO flourishing a state to-day. Sweden has now got neither Pomerania, Rugon, nor Norway However, their are prophets in Isrtel who see better things in store, if Mr. Bjornson, the Norwegian novelist— whose books " Flags er,° Flying in Town and Harbour" and "In Goa a Way" introduced him to English readers—WO be said to be one of them. He looks for an eventual union between Norway, Sweden, and Den- mark. Norway took the field to dispute the undesired union of 1814; it is ardently to be hoped that a settlement of the present difficulty may 128 found without the use of cannon.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_19050610_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"1

===== 0002601_19050610_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

i

===== 0002601_19050610_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

The King has been asked to confer on ex-Speaker Gully some signal mark of his royal favour—i.e., a pension of .C 4,000 and a peerage. * * * How many men has the war in South Africa thrown out of employment? Of the 400 Leicester men March- • ing to London at least one-third .are ex-soldiers' who went through the South African War. • * * * 2,700 per cent. per annum was the rate of interest ' which his 'Honour Judge Bower. Rowlands roughly calculated as being charged by a Warrington money- lender who brought a case before him on Thursday) * * * According to a play-bill Shakespeare's `tragedy' in:. • five acts "The Merchant of Venice" has been pre ' seated at Warrington this week. Probaby those Who, like ourselves have been under ,the impression that "The Merchant of Venice "was one of Shakespeare's •most pleasing comedies, will be indebted for the cor- rection. * * * • • He who is born rich, although he owes his fortune • to no personal effort, even if he has little brains will play a leading part in the theatre of life, and all servile persons will be prodigal of praises and flattery, • and he will fancy, simply because he has money, that'• he is a different sort of person from what he really • is."—Enrico Fessi, Socialism and Positive Science. * * * • Mr. Chamberlain's meeting at St. Helens was a very ' 'tame" affair. If it had not been for the timely • . reminder by the Brass Band in attendance the audience would actually have forgotten to sing the familiar • "jolly good fellow" song. Brass bands at political meetings of the protectionist class are a blessing. They are often used by " teeth-extracting " geniuses, • -too. The reason is obvious. *s* Colonel R. Pilkington, M.P., for Newton Division of • r:Lancashire, in moving the resolution thanking the ,'Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain for his address ,informed us, " The Prime 41 iiis,er aid Mr. Balfour viar now hand n.hanl." We thank him for the , information. We had some doubts ourselves whether )Jr. Balfour was the Prime Minister really, but this , makes confusio4i worse confounded. * * * Mr. Alderman Bennett could not make himself ' teard at Mr. Chamberlain's. meeting. Mr. Chamber- lain, however, appeared to be •giving him a patient ..and sympathetic hearing and we have no doubt he ' appreciated what tbe worthy Alderman was saying. Mrs. Chamberlain, too, was most gracious and sweetly • • acknowledged a gallant compliment which Mr. Bennett paid the devoted wife of an equally devoted husband. * * There was very little in the way of decorations in honour of Mr. Chamberlain's visit to St. Helens on Saturday. What attracted one's attention most fre- .-quently, perhaps, were the prominently-displayed warnings "Beware of pickpockets," Some critics were . unkind enough to suggest that the injunction had a particular bearing on the policy which it was Mr. 'Chamberlain's mission to expound. * * * * " Gold ! Gold! Gold! Gold! Bright and yellow, hard and cold." Councillar Magiaa says he does not care how Mr. Carnegie got his money, and apparently he is not alone in this view. If the American millionaire had com- mitted "twenty mortal murders " to obtain wealth some people would accept his money to build free • libraries with. *s* If we do get a Carnegie extension to our Library, Councillor Wright suggests that in addition to Mr. Carnegie's brass plate, we put tip another depicting " the gaunt spectres and the homes of misery and degradation "which have been caused by the accumula- tion of his money. This would certainly be very interesting, especially to a grateful posterity, and we commend the idea to the Warrington Society, which makes a point of tableting historic local buildings. * * * Where were the Dukes on Saturday night? We saw none on the platform at St. Helens, although the 'Borough Member and Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., occupied prominent places. We are told that rats desert a sinking ship, -and it may be that the dooks ' see the end of the raging, tearing propaganda, and have left Mr. Chamberlain to sink alone. Yet a little while and we shall see what we shall see. We wonder Whether Mr. Robert Pierpoint,will strike him off his -visiting list? * * * The Stockton Heath Parish Councillors are up in .1-inns against the proposal of the Cheshire County Council to erect a new school in the district to accommodate 800 scholars. They find practically nothing in the scheme to recommend it and we fancy the increase in the rates which would result is a strong argument in their minds against the school, however necessary it may be: Incidentally they propose to ex- clude Warrington children from attendance at the school. This point has been raised before and we hardly think that in this respect they are to be taken quite seriously. * 5 * Protectionist ingenuity was strikingly in evidence at the Chamberlain meeting. Shortly before the arrival of the great " Missionary" there was consterna- tion amtngst the officials because a crowd of ticketless individuals forced their way through an entrance Which was not for the use of the general public. Some of the stewards, however, had a happy inspiration and smilingly conducted the intruders along a passage and ushered them i through another door which opened 'on to the street. Owing to the pressure from behind, the crowd had no option but to return from whence they came ! * * * The acoustic properties of the S. Helens tram sheds twe extremely bad. Mr. Chamberlain was practically inaudible except to these in the immediate vicinity Of the platform, and from remote corners of the building 'there were repeated friendly admonitions to "Speak -IV" Mr. Chamberlain was, however, doing his nest, and, tiring of the monotony, the occupants of the galleries speedily took their departure. One gentlema.n, only about fifteen yards from the platform, I)be came absorbed in a newspaper and, it is rumoured, little party in the distance whiled away the time by indulging in a game of " nap " ! • ▪ * * "Is the War Office Ashamed? It is a Curious fact that on Empire Day it was the only Government -blinding that did not fly the Union flag. People are making quite a fuss about this omission, but I really think that the War Office showed great discretion. At he present moment that Office naturally feels that it 1•„:, of no consequence. It has no relations with the It is an outsider. Some day, perhapsavhen It has purged itself, it may again be entitled to our l'aspect. Till then lam glad to find that it has the ace to fly no flags. Shame is the beginning of virtue.—" The Free Lance." * * *

I

I

'Mr. Chamberlain went out of his way to attack the Z.,urkingmen representatives in the House of Commons. 'inn. J. Hay, M.A., in "Vanity Fair," writes: " What- '!ver other accusations may be brought against work- . Ingruen in the House, it is, generally speaking, eutirely unjust to accuse them of being ill-mannered 9r disorderly. The decay of parliamentary manners t' not th ' price we are paying for democracy." euause they did not support him in the Boer war and wrll-1 have nothing to do with his Fiscalities, Mr. chamberlain is now telling them that they are not ;Presentatives of the people. They are "Little glanders" Tut, tut ! Another "Joey." * * * . 1, tockton Heath can boast of an amateur fire ;rigade. Persons acquainted with the details Of the '4lsastrous fire which recently occurred in the district ;11711 probably blcorne aware of this fact for the first ille, as on that occasion the brigade were conspicu- 13i,,tia, by their absence, though a man well versed ' the fighting of fires stated that if a few lads had v("311 quickly on the scene with the appliances which " village possesses the outbreak would have been libelled before any damage . was done. A few days • lailitetel. the brigade displayed unusual activity and an rested crowd watched them testing the pressure of ater which is to be got from the mains in the village.' 413' this is an instance of shutting the stable door en the horse is gone! * 5 * The ma st , yor did not appear to welcome CounciliOr questions re the provision of open-air swimming 1 Probably. as Chairman of the Parks and Baths he is somewhat concerned about making . meet with the added responsibility of a public till green and free bathing for school children. 4, ~, l it Was a decidedly. poor explanation t 3 say that 1),,,c; f!titable place has been found to place an opsn-air . l'e4rotilediedlf. this were the principal difficulty it could be 4.,, , in so,„-a..,,a--, h ir 4 y or perhaps halt-an-hour, by V, ‘±trusting the matter to Councillor Stott. He, at any dt•tei, would not be long in finding more than one ,stable place." These things will come all in good "me we suppose.

' t trn 1

I I 1 ' ; I

===== 0002601_19050610_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
I

.LOCAL NEWS. Coming Events. The anniversary of the Sunday schools connected with the Baptist Church, , Golborne-street, wiil be celebrated on Sunday by the holding of special services. A musical service will be held in the afternoon at which selections will be given by the Legh-street Primitive Methodist choir. The Rev H. Dunnico will preach at the services in the morning and evening. The anniversary services in connection wtth Cairo- street Unitarian Chapel will be celebrated on Sunday. The preacher at the special services which will be held both morning and evening will be the Rev. E. A. Parry, of Liscard. The annual show in connection with the Warrington and District Agricultural Society will be held at Walton Park on the lith,August. Messrs. Fletcher Russell and Co., will next week hold an exhibition of gas cookers in the Parish room, IGrappenhall-road, Latchford. Admission to the ' exhibition, which will open on Tuesday and close on Friday will be free. A feature of the proceedings I will be the lectures on cooking which will be given each day by Mrs. H. M. Young, who is well-known to Warrington audiences. No charge will be made for admission to the lectures.

"PREMIER" CYCLES at 9 guineas for Best Grade. unsurpaased.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to s,Bridge st.; Warrington.—Advt. Forthcoming Marriage. The marriage which has been arranged between Mr. Jocelyn arid Miss Parr will take place on July 19th at Staunton-on-Arrow.

Oddfellows Conference. Brothers G. F. Freeman and W. Holbrook, will represent the Warrington district of the Independent Order of Oddfellows (N.U.). At the annual confer- ence of the order which is to be held at Plymouth next week. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFS Tome cures Sleeplessness. —(Advt.) St. Austin's Ward Election. The cmdidates expenses in the recent bye-election in St. Austin's Ward have been returned as follows : Dr. Joseph, £29 12s. n 9d. ; Mr. Edward Horrocks, /4 7s. 4d.

Motor Collision at Warrington. A motor-car collision occurred at garket-gate about twelve o'clock on Tuesday night. The Wigan mail horse van was proceeding along Horsemarket-street, and, when near Market-gate, a motor-car, belonging to Mr. W. H. Bellion, Sankey-street, collided with it. The motor-car was.damaged. but the .driver and horses escaped uninjured. School Children and the Baths. The Town Council's decision-10 allow scholars from all the elementary schools to make free use of the Corporation baths has not yet been put into operation. A. dine table is being drawn up and the children will very shortly be able to avail themselves of this newly- conferred privilege. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE Toxic aids Digestion.— (Advt.) Music In the Park. The Warrington Borongh Prize Brass Band will play the following programme of music in the Park on Sunday next: --Hymn, " Compstall," W. Rimmer; march, "Victory," R. Jones; selection, " Donizetti," H. Round; selection, "La Cerentola," Rossini; cornet solo, "Star of Bethlehem," S. Adams (soloist, Mr. T. Mannion); selection, "A night in the Granada," Kreutzer ; "God save the King." Conductor, Mr. T. Griffin.

LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER TII E CLOCK. B RID a E-STREET . —Advt. A Shocking Warrington Home. At the Warrington Police Court yesterday (Friday), Bodelia Garrity, Peers Court, was charged on remand with neglecting her child. —Air. Browne prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C. and stated that the child was in a terrible condition through neglect and was in the workhouse. The defendants house was in a filthy condition and had since been closed as being unfit for habitation. Defendant was sent to gaol for one month with hard labour.

The Boating Fatalities. At the Parish Church on Sunday evening, a special service was held in memory of Mr. J. J. Dennett, his son John Dennett (8), and Mr. Arthur Tomlinson (23), all of whom resided in Egerton-street, and who lost their lives while boating on the Mersey onSaturday week There was a large congregation. Members of the Order of Foresters with which society the late Mr. Dennett was connected met in the Market-place at about six o'clock and walked in procession to the Parish Church. The Rector preached and took for his text the words " And ye now, therefore, have sorrow but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy. no man taketh from you" I—St. John xvi. 22. Such cironmstances as those of the terrible accident by which the deceased had lost their lives, he said caused them distress,but good often came out of sorrow, and it might be a warning to many " that in the midst of life we are in death." The life of the deceased man 'Dennett would probably be an example to many, for he had heard from the secre- tary that the brother they had lost was a good man, a good father, and that he was respected by all. They ought so to live that their lives might be an example to all around them. At the conclusion of the service Mr. Darby played the Dead March in" Saul." "PREMIER" CYCLES at 12 guineas with change speed gear itc., unequalled.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st.,Warrington.—Advt. "The Revival of Gaelic." An interesting and able essay on the above subject has just been pubiished by Mr. H. P. Hughes, of Stockton Heath. It is obviously the result of Much careful research and the author advances valuable practical suggestions for building up a reformed alphabet and orthography, to bring modern Gaelic into line with Welsh-Keltic. Mr. Hughes well points out that in their enthusiasm for the revival of Gaelic, some of its advocates are apt to overlook collateral issues that may have a weighty hearing or influence npon the rising and future generations of Ireland. " For instance, he says, 'much •of the benefit which English capital and the English language have undoubtedly conferred upon Ireland and the Irish people could easily be lost, or, ,at least, depre- ciated in value, unless the new movement is very discreetly handled. From his study on the subject, Mr. Ilughes is convinced that a consider- able proportion of the people of Ireland greatly doubt whether the benefits to be derived, or to be antici- pated, from the teaching of Gaelic will at all, be com- mensurate with the risk of educatiohal and political degeneracy .whieh may accompany it. AS a second language —lust as Welsh is - Mr. Hughes is heartily in sympathy with the Gaelic movement, but, he adds " We Kelts cannot turn back the 'clock of time, nor ought we to permit any man, or section of men, by playing upon our religious, patriotic or political weaknesses, to decoy us into cutting of our nose to spite our face '—that is to say, in plain English to persuade us, by specious arguments, into taking the risk of committing business and commercial (and possibly even national) suicide." Mr. Hughes deals exhaustively with the difficult problems which form themselves round the serious discussion of the move- ment for restoring the Gaelic 'Language, and his essay may be regarded as a valuable contribution on the subject.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 10, 1905.

Grappenhall Heyes Open to the Public. On Saturday Mr. J. Charlton Parr threw open his grounds to the public, the opportunity being largely taken advantage of. Beautiful weather prevailed, and the visitors spent some considerable time strolling through the well-shaded and beautifully, kept grounds. New Appointment for the Rev. E. P. Wethered

The living of St. Peter's, Ougbtrington, Lymm, which is worth £3OO a year, rendered vacant by the resignation of the Rev. W. G. Knocker, has been pre- sented to and accepted by the Rev. Edmund Peel Wetbered, vicar of Hollinfare. He will take over his new duties at the end of the present month.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINIMAL WATERS.—Advt. Alderman Sutton's Will.

The will of the late Alderman Thomas Hindmarsh Sutton, J.P., 9, Springfield street, Warrington, (father of the Town Council), auctioneer and valuer, and for many years registration agent for the Conservatives of Smith-West Lancashire, has been proved at £5,553 3s. 2d. gross, the net personalty amounting to £1,442 9s. 7d. Probate of his will, dated oth May, 1903,has been granted to his sons, Mr. Thomas Arthur Sutton, 14, Whitefield road, Stockton Heath, and Mr. Joseph Harry Sutton, 9, Springfield street, Wairington, auctioneers, the testator's son, Mr. Alfred Rogers Sutton, having renounced probate. To Mr. Alfred Rogers, Sutton testator bequeathed IMO to each of his sons, John Dent Sutton and William Dent Sutton, £5OO, these sums t 9 be a first charge on his buildings and offices at Legh street, Warrington. The rest and residue of his estate he left to his said two sons, Thomas: Arthur Sutton and Joseph Harry Sutton, in equal shares absolutely.

UNDER THE CLOCK for Good BOOTS.—Advt. The Tramways. Mr. John Telfer, tramways manager in his annual 'report to the Electricity and Tramways Committee, ' gives at the outset, a number of figures as to the num- ber of passengers carried; and the mileage and receipt showing that the number of passengers carried has increased 369,580, the receipts by £626 ; and the receipts per car mile by nearly id. Mr. Teller says ;—The total working eitpsrtses have decreased £1,142 ; from 675 d. to 6.33 d. per car mile. On inquiry I find that the working costs of 60 muni- cipal tramways is 613 d. per car mile, so I think our costs may be considered satisfactory. The increase of receipts and decrease of working costs has resulted in the gross profit being increased from 44,468 9s. 8d to £6,404 9s. 10d., an increase of £1,938 Os. 2d. This would have paid a percentage of 6.49 per cent. on our capital. After paying interest and sinking fund charges, which have increased £702 there is a Wance of £450 as against a deficit of £7OO last year. Particulars of the repairs and renewal's undertaken during the year are given. ASK for CONNHIGHAH'S HIGH-CLA.Sb MINERAL WATERS.—Advt.

I Presentation to the Rev. Morley Stevenson. On Saturday the Rev. Morley Stevenson and Mrs. ' Stevenson were the receipients of handsome presents subscribed by the old students of the Training College, on the occasion of the celebration of their silver wedding. The presentation was made by Miss Ferriman, who asked the Principal's acceptance of a beautiful gold watch chain and pendant (the latter being the badge of the College Guild, bearing an in- scription) ; Mrs. Stevenson's acceptance of a diamond , and sapphire ring and posy of roses; and both of four silver bon-boni dishes, as a small expression of 1 their hearty congratulations and their affection. The ' Principal, replying, said that the whole of his married life, with the exception of a few months, had been spent in the College, and was full of happy memories; and in Mrs. Stevenson's name, as well as his own, he thanked those who had given them those beantiful gifts, from the bottom of his heart. PUBLIC BENEFIT. UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Compensation Claims at Warrington.

At the Warrington County Court on—Thurslay before his Honour Judge. Bowen Rowlands, K.C., Robert Conway, collier, Hayaock, brought an action for his Honour's arbritation as to the amount payable by the Collins Green Colliery Company, under an award of compensation for injuries received on the Bth December Mr. Riley(instructed by Messrs. Riley,Kelly and Picton, St. Helens)who appeared for the plaintiff explained that Conway was ruptured on the Bth December, and was paid 6s. a week compensation until the 3rd March. On that date plaintiff retnrned to the colliery to take up light employment and was put to work on the screen, but was incapable of doing the work. Plaintiff asked that his Honour should order the continuance of the pazinent of 6s. per week—a payment which had ceased since March 3rd.—For the respondents Mr. Peace (Messrs. Peace and Ellis, Wigan) submitted ' that the plaintiff was not incapable of follow— ing light employment, and applied for the reduction of the award to the nominal sum of id. per week.—After hearing the evidence his Honour gave judgment for the plaintiff for Os. per week compensation, as ban March last, with costs on scale B.—A second action of a similar character was brought against the Collins Green Colliery Company, by Thomas Greenan,collier,Haydock, who was injured in May of last year. Mr. Riley explained that the applicant was breaking a stone when a piece of the stone hit him on the knee, blood poisoning superven- ing. —Upon the suggestion of his Honour counsel held a consultation on the result of which they. agreed to judgment for the plaintiff for £65 with cost,.

PUBLIC BENEFIT.—IINDER THE CLOCK Fore BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
British Women's Temperance Association.

A meeting of this Assoeiation was held in the church parlour at Bold-street on Tuesday, Mrs. Norman pre- siding in the absence of Mrs. Garnett. —An interest- ing report on the ,National Council meetings held in London from May 15th to 19th was submitted by Mrs. Simpson who, along with Mrs. Osborne, represented the Warrington branch. A sympathetic reference was made to the death of Mrs. James Tomkinson, wife of the member for Crewe, who was an active worker in the temperance cause, and was well known as a splendid platform speaker. At the opening meeting in Queen's Hall a resolution 4vas passed calling upon all citizens to work t 'gather for the furthsrance of the following temperance reforms : —(a) The closing of licensed houses on Sundays, and their earlier closing on week-days; (b) such a reversal of the Licensing Act as will restore and extend the power of the licensing authority, and eliminate all vested interest from existing licences at the earliest possible date; (c) the securing of compulsory scientific teach- ing of temperance in all .national schools; (d) the grant to the people of the right of direct pooular veto over the issue or renewal of licencies. At the Council meeting it was reported Ithat the membership had increased by 10,589. Resolutims were passed against the employment of women as barmaids, and the holding of meetings of benefit soc'eties in public houses. Lady Carlisle was unanimously re-elected president; Mrs. Crosfield Was elected vice-president; Mrs. Agnes Stack, lion. cm:responding secretary; Mrs. Osborne, hon. record- ing secretary; Mrs. C. C. Reed, assistant hon. record- ing secretary; Mrs. Bertha Mason, hon. treasurer. Mrs. Simpson concluded her report by stating that as Christian women the members felt it incumbent upon them to do all they could to make good laws in our land. They felt that the time had gone by when it Was necessary to discuss whether a Christian should be a citizen; therefore they took an interest in the political as well as the social life. "PREMIER" CYCLES at 7 guineas startling Value.— J. S. GA.RLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge at., Warrington.- Advt. Beautiful Warrington. In the year 1902 a society was founded in the town of Oldham, called " Beautiful Oldham Society." The society owed its origin to the courage and enthusiasm of an Oldham lady who published in the local press an article entitled " Beautiful Oldham, Why not? " followed shortly by another.. " Beautiful Oldham, shall we try ?" The object of the society, as its name implied, was to promote the beauty of the town in every possible way and to preserve and protect all features of interest. Needless to say, the idea and title of the society met with plenty of ridicule at first. It is gratifying to learn that this has now almost, if not quite disappeared, and that the society now holds an honoured place in the public opinion of the town. Much has been done in the short space of three years. The annual show of bulbs grown in the people houses is now an estab- lished success. The children are being formed intol an association for the protection of birds and flowers. Waste spaces have been made neat and planted. Dis- used burial grounds have been transformed into pleasant gardens. Trees have been planted in streets, and railway embankments have been covered with grass and shrubs. Experiments have been made to find fuel which will send out the minimum amount of black smoke, and much valuable information is being collected on this subject. New spheres of work are constantly presenting themselves, and there seems to be no lack of employment for the members of the Society. But what is more important than actual achievement is the public sentiment which has been created. The idea is taking bold of the people that the town in which they live ought to be 'made as cheerful and beautiful a place as possible. Once let, that idea become firmly rooted in. their minds and it; will bear its fruit in due time. The Oldham scheme is spreading to other Lancashire and Yorkshire towns, while we also hear of • "Beautiful Birmingham" and "Beautiful Leicester;'! and it is to be hoped that Warrington will not be behind-hand in this matter. There are bright spots in the old town which show how much can be one by loving care and genuine interest. We understand on excellent authority that the matter will shortly be brought before the notice of our citizens at a public meeting and we trust that it will be taken up with enthusiasm by all classes, so that the title Beautiful Warrington" may be no misnomer but an abiding reality. •

===== 0002601_19050610_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

PASSIVE RESISTERS GOODS SOLD.

. _ The goods of the Stockton Eleath passive resisters seized in default of payment of the education rate*wore sold by auction byMr.Frank Hickman,in the Warrington market on Monday. In each case thearticie seized was a watch and these were promptly bought in by Mrs. J. S. Hughes for the amounts required to cover the rate and the costs:—Mr. H. Law, 15s. 9d; Rev. J. S. Hughes 14s ; and Rev. H. Minnie° 15s. There was only a very small attendance at the sale which attracted little • notice. After the sale the Rev. J. S. Hughes expressed thanks to the auctioneer and to 'qr. Bradshaw, assistant overseer, for their courtesy and kindness. The resisters he said were willing to pay for education, but they ' objected to have their children instructed in principles which they themselves did not believe in. They taught their children what was their belief, and had to pay for it, and they wanted others to do the same. However, the time was coming when the necessity for protesting in that way would be removed. They could hear the ringing of the death knell of the present Government, and then with a new Government in power, they would have the Education Act considerably amended if not altogether removed. Mr. Law also spoke, and said a scene like the sale which had taken place that day was a disgrace to the country and reflected disgrace on the Government which passed the Act which brought it about. :dr. Hickman returned thanks.

MEETING OF THE PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE. The monthly meeting of the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee was held in the National Schools on Thurs- day evening when there were present :—Messrs. G. Pilling (presiding), T. Williams, J. Whitley, S. F. Welsby, J. Fairhurst, J. H. Clarke, F. Warburton, T. R. Westbrook, J. W. Bouchier, W. Mclntyre, J. Hallows, F. Pearson, 11. J. Westbrook, G. F. Ashton (clerk), and J. Swinton (surveyor and inspector).

===== 0002601_19050610_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MR. JOSEPH: MOUNFIELD.

Mr. Pilling said it was his sad duty to bring before the notice of the committee the death of one of their members. He personally felt very deeply the loss of Mr. Mounfleld with whom he had been associated both there and on the District Council for a long time. He proposed that a vote of condolence be sent to the relatives of Mr. Monnfleld. .

Mr. Clarke said it was his painful duty to second the proposal. Mr. Menufield was an old Warringtonian and was one of the best known men in the district and was a fair dealing and a fair minded man to whom they could all look up. With regard to his usefulness on the committee he was sure Mr. Mounfleld's services had been of great value. His advice had alway been looked to and almost always accepted. Mr. H. J. Westbrook said that if there was one thing in which Mr. Mounfield set an example it was in his regular attendance at those meetings and at the meetings of the District Council and in his conscieatious dis-, charge of his duties.

THE NEW WESLEYAN SCHOOLS. The Clerk read a letter from Messra. Robert Davies and Company, solicitors' writing on behalf of Mr. Frank Warburton, objecting to the new Wesleyan schools being brought up to Heath-street. Mr. Warburton was the owner of the adjoining houses which he had been compelled to set back to the extent of six feet and he considered that if the new schools were brought up to the street it would be detrimental to his property. Having had to set his houses back he felt it was Par and only right that the new buildings should be set back. He (the clerk) had replied that the committee had no building line and in that case permission had been given to bring the buildings up to the street. He was afraid nothing could be done. The architect to the property had informed him that the building was partly up and in that event it was no use them going further in the matter. .

Mr. J. W. Bouchter proposed that in future plans for new buildings should be considered on the evening previous to the meeting of the Parochial Committee. Under the present arrangement of considering plans immediately before the meeting of the Parochial Com- mittee it was impossible to consider the plans properly. Some plans had been passed which the members of the committee afterwards regretted having allowed. (blear, hear.) Mr. Bouchier's motion was carried. THE WATEREiG OF THE ROA.DS.

Mr. H.IJ. Westbrook moved: "That this com- mittee considers the question of watering the District Council roads during dry weather should receive imme- diate attention by the District Council. Mr. Bouchier seconded and the resolution was carried

' ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. Annual Meeting of the Warrington and District League. Mr. T. P. Bradshaw presided at the annual meeting of this league which was held at the Marquis of Granby Inn, Church-street, on Thursday evening. In presenting the annual report the SECRETARY (Mr. C. T. Cox) stated that the season had been a very good one. The club secretaries had co-operated more with the league officials than ever I,efore, and had saved the League the unpleasant duty of fining and expelling as was the case ast season, through non- compliance with the rules. As would be noticed from the treasurer's report the fines 1234 been much lower than In any previous year. When the season commenced the first division of the league had only nine teams, but he was pleased to say that all remaineil in the competition to the close. The second division started with thirteen clubs and ended with ten. He must congratu- late Warrington Albions and Vulcan for winning their respective leagues iu grand style. The performances of the teams were as follows :—Warrington Albions, played 16, won 14, lost 1, drawn 1, for 41, sgainst 6, points 29 ; ' Vulcan, played 18,won 16, lost 1, drawn 1, for 77, against 20, points 33. He would like the club secretaries to communicate with him RS early as possible re their teams for the coming season, as each one present would remember the trouble they had experienced before through teams joiniug late and causing the fixtures to be re-arranged. An inter-league match with St. Helens and district was played on January 2nd on the War- rington Albions ground and resulted inn draw of two goals each. He expected that next time they met Warrington would win by a good margin. (Applause.) The TREASURER (Mt. W. H. Smalley) reported that the season commenced with a balance in hand of £8 4s. 3d. The total income, including this amount,was £2l Os. 2d. and after paying expenses there was a credit balance of £3 3s. The following officers were re-elected :—President, Mr. W. Chalmers ; vice-presidents,Messrs. F. J. Whittle and H. Isherwood; chairman, Mr. T. P. Bradshaw; hon secretary, Mr. C. T. Cox ; hon. treasurer, Mr. W. H. Smalley ; auditors, Messrs. J. J. Kite and W. Marley. It was decided that a grant of £1 10s. be made to the hon. secretary for his past services. An adjourned 'Meeting was fixed for July 27th. I After the meeting an enjoyable smoking concert was held. Several members of the company rendered songs, and gramaphone selections by Mr. Allen and solos on the" bones " by Mr. Parry were well received. During an interval the presentation of medals took place. Mr. T. P. Bradshaw' who presided, thanked members for electing him to the office of chairman for ithe tenth year in succession. It was , his intention at the close of the forthcoming season to retire from tak- ing an active part in football. He did not think there was a league conducted on better lines than the Warrington League. He was pleased to say that during the season there had been from 50 to 75 per cent, less cases of misconduct to deal with, which showed that the game had been played in a better spirit. Mr. Bradshaw referred to several alterations in the game which were suggested. He also replied to the criticism of the League's action in having the " Observer " Cup final played on a Rugby ground. The success of that com- petition, he said, depended upon the support they obtained from Rugby enthusiasts, and he considered the action of the League quite justifiable. New applications for admission to the League had been received from Helsby, L. and N.-W. St. Helens Rees, Oughtrington Park, and Kastner-Kelner. (Applause). Mr. W. CHALMERS, president of the League, presented the gold medals gained by Warrington Albions to Mr. E. Bullen, the captain, and gold-centred medals to Mr. Day, captain of the Vulcan team.

-643

===== 0002601_19050610_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S GOLDEN BUTTER

BISCUITS.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Hoult---Pendlebury.

The marriage was solemnized at the Padgate Wesleyan Church on Monday, of Miss Florence Hoult, Spring Villa, Padgate, and Mr. George Shavvcross Pendlebury, 51, Legh-street (assistant master at the Warrington School of Art). The bride, who was given away by her uncle, Mr. Henry Hoeft, was attired in a dress of crepe-de-chine and carried a shower bouquet of lilies of the valley. She also wore a diamond brooch the gift of the bridegroom. Her bridesmaid, Miss Clara Holt, wore a biscuit coloured voile dress and carried a bouquet of cornflowers. Her ornament was a gold signet ring, the gift of the bridegroom. Mr. Robert G. S. Finney acted as best man. The service was con- ducted by the Rev. R. Wilkins Rees. The reception was held at Spring Villa after which the newly married couple left for London and the South of England where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride travelled in a tailor made venetian blue costume. _

The following is a list of the presents:— Bridegroom to bride, diamond brooch Bride to brideeroom, gold siguet ring Mr. and Mrs. Honit, household linen and gold watch) and chain

-. Mr. and Mrs. W. Malt, copper kettle. Miss Houk (London), pair of vases and all rer photo frame . . _

Miss A. butt (Morecambe), fern vase Miss L. Hot'lt (Southport), umbrella stand Mr. and Mrs. T. Rose (Lech), inlaid oak tea tray Master D. Rose (Leeds), jam dish Master E. Rase (Leeds), bread board. Mrs. Woods (Leeds), silver cruet Mrs. Woolf and Miss C. Hoult, tea service Mr. and Mrs. 0. Hill (Lynam), silver sugar basin and scuttle _ _

Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Pollitt (Buxton), tea service Mr. and Mrs. Woods (London), eider-down quilt Mr. and Mrs. W. Clegg (London), hemstitched linen sheets_

Mr. Fred Pendlebury, dining-room suite (chairs) Mr. and Mrs. W. Bayley, dressing ease Master D. Bayley, ornamental kitten Mr. and MN. Arthur Bayley, cut glass claret jug Mr. F. and Miss Bayley, engraved water jug Mr. and Mrs. George Bayley, case of silver fish eaters Mrs. Lee, silver salt spoons Miss Lee, pair of vases Miss A. Lee, fern vase Mrs. Ford, bedsides and lace Miss Royston and Mr. Percival, trinket set Mr. and Mrs. Atkinson, eiderdown quilt Miss E. Whittle, table centre Lucy Holcroft, fancy butter dish Miss Joinson, sardine dish Mr. and Mrs. W. Parkinson, pair of siver jam spoons and sardine fork.

Miss M. Jackson, ,silver-mounted crumb tray and brush. _ _ _

_ Mr. and Mrs. R. Denham, silver cruet Mr. J. M. Greenhalgh, travelling bag Miss E. London, afternoon tea cloth Mr. B. G. S. Finney, silver pepperettes Mr. and Mrs. F. Booth, table knives Mr. and Mrs. P. Garnett, oriental gong The Misses Bennett (Lyndhurst and Bruche Heath), case of silver afternoon tea spoons Mr. and Mrs. F. Wright and Mary and Lillian, pair of Worcestershire vases

Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Page barometer Mr. C. B. Aylward (headmaster Soliaol of Art), silver toast rack.

Students of the School of Art (day) silver sugar basin and sifter and silver cruet _ _

_ Mr. and Mrs. J, W. Garnett (Chester), pair of silver Georgian candlesticks Mr. I'. Dobson Clarke, copper jardinieres Mr. P. H. Bennett, silver sugar basin and Cream jug Mr. and Mrs. James Houghton, brass and copper cake stand

Misses Maud and Gertie Hudson, silver-mounted cut glass salt cellars and spoons Messrs. Eustance and Co., clock _ _ _ _ .

Mrs. P. Leigh and family, set of prongs Mr. P. Houghton and family, silver-mounted jam dish Dr. and Mrs. Bennett, folding card table Mrs. Andrews, cress dish Mr. and Mrs. Lent, out glass jug and half-a-dozen tumblers I Mr. Pendlebury was alsq the recipient of a handsome silver sugar basin and sifter and a silver cruet. from the students of the School of Art (day and evening schools) the gift being accompanied with the hearty good wishes of the students. Bate---Chantry. Hampton---Chantry.

A large congreption assembled at St. Paul's Church, on Tuesday morning to witness a double wedding. The event aroused considerable interest, the contracting parties being extremely well known locally. The first ' wedding was that of Miss Alice Chantry,daughter of the late Mr. William Chantey, 15, Bold street, and Mr. J. S. Bate sun., Paigate lane. She was attired in a travelling costume of brown cloth,with white facings and trimmed with lace, and wore a hat to match. She carried a bouquet of white roses and lilies of the valley. Her bridesmaid, Miss Aanie Chantey, wore a grey costume and carried a bouquet of pink roses. Mr. S. Mason acted as best man. The other wedding was that of Miss Bessie Chantey and Mr. J. Hampton, Chasetown, near Walsall. The bride was tastefully dressed in a travelling costume of blue cloth with white facings, trimmed with lace and hat to match and carried a bouquet of white roses and lilies of the valley. Her bridesmaids were Miss Jeannie Chantey (her sister), and Miss Edith Hampton (sister of the bridegroom). They wore grey costumes and carried bouquets of pink roses. Mr. James Grey, of Stockton Heath, • acted as best man. The officiating clergy were the Rev. W. Bracecamp, vicar of St. Paul's and the Rev. E. It. Tarbuck, vicar of St. George's, Altrincham. Miss Maggie Smallwood, presided at the organ and played an excellent selection of music. The reception was held at 15, Bold-street. Mr. and Mrs. Bate will spend their honeymoon in North Wales and Mr. and Mrs. Hampton in Southport.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Melbourne—Moores.

On Thursday a large congregation assembled at St. Thomas Church, Stockton Heath to witness the wedding of Mr. James F. Melbourne, third son of the late Mr. John Melbourne, The Foundry, Wilderspool, and Miss Clara Moores, third daughter of Mr. Thomas Moores, Ellesmere-road, Stockton Heath. The bride, who was given away by her father, was attired in cream voile, trimmed with silk and lace, and carried a shower bouquet of white roses and lilies. She was attended by four bridesmaids, the Misses Nellie and Isabel Moores, sisters of the bride, and the Misses Pearl and Marmie Melbourne, sisters of the bridegroom. Their dresses were of flowered voile, and they also wore white hats trimmed with tulle and pink roses, and carried shower bouquets of pink roses and sweet peas. The Misses Moores also wore gold chains ‘nd pendants, and the Misses Melbourne gold bracelets, gifts of the bride- groom. The duties of best man were carried out by Mr. W. A. Melbourne. The Rev. H. V. Pigot was the officiating clergyman. Mr. R. Shacklacly was at the organ and played a number of suitable selections. The honeymoon is being spent at Aberystwyth. The bride and bridegroom were the recipients of many handsome and useful presents.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT FRIENDLY SOCIETY APPEAL.

Bro. David Houghton and the Order of

Druids.

A;case of interest and importance to members of Friendly Societies was concluded by the Board of Mana,gement of the Druids Society in Manchester on Saturday. The Warrington branch of the Society had expelled Bro. David Houghton' the Vice Grand Master of the Order, and the late D.C.S. of the District, on certain charges which had been brought against him. Against the expulsion Bro. Houghton appealed to the Board, and the appeal was commenced a week ago, and concluded on Saturday.—Mr. T. S. Steel, solicitor, Warrington' appeared for the appellant; and the War- rington District of Druids was represented by Bro. Edwin Allen, D.C.S. ; Bro. Wm, Mulkey, ; and the Trustees Bros. Wm. Bibby, George Roughley and Samuel Hankey. At the conclusion of the case, in which Bro. Houghton ' stoutly denied the charges, the Board considered its decision. When the parties concerned were re-admitted ,to the room, it was announced that the Grand Master ' had submitted to the Board certain questions to which , they had given their answers. The questions and answers were as follows 1. Has Bro. Houghton withheld receipts ?—lt is not proven. 2. Has he charged Lodges for members long out of benefit ?—lf there were any such charges they were in consequence of Lodge Secretaries returns being faulty. 3. Has he overdrawn the amount due to him for salary ?—No. 4. Has he paid to the Board of Management for more members than were actually on the books of the District?—There is no satisfactory evidence of any such payments. 5. Did he pay the Friendly Societies Council ss. too much ?—Yes ; but it was authorised by the resolu- tion of the District meeting. 6. Were the registers badly kept?—No. 7. Has he detained any Lodge quarterly returns ?-No. 8. Has he debited Management Fund with amounts that belong to the Sick Fund ?—No. It was announced that the appeal was unanimously allowed, and Bro. D. Houghton was re-instated to full membership and his oflice of Vice Grand Master.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Warrington indulged in another friendly-match on Saturday, Werneth being the visitors to the Arpley enclosure. The match was an interesting one but neither eleven had the satisfaction of scoring a victory the result being a draw slightly in favour of Warring- ton. Taking first turn at the wicket the home eleven were all dismissed for 146, and Werneth had res- ponded with 78 for- the loss of 6 wickets when the time limit was reached.

The feature of the Warrington innings was the brilliant display by J. Thompson who made 41 in faultlesi style. J. W. Bibby was also in capital form and compiled 20, while Mason, the professional, knocked up 15.

On the Werneth side F. Hurst was the most success- ful batsman, his innings realizing 27. Mason bowled most effectively for Warrington, capturing 4 wickets for 29 runs.

Warrington second are to be congratulated upon an exceptionally easy victory over Werneth second. E. G. Woods and E. Pierpoint shared the batting honours, knocking up 67 and 53 respectively. Pier- point hit seven boundary strokes while Woods' per- formance included eleven fours. Lowe and Bennett rendered yeoman service with the ball, for while Lowe accounted for five wickets for 33 inns, Bennett captured four wickets for 63.

• Sankey Wire Mills are having a very successful season, and on Saturday they triumphed over Hindley Green. F. Taylor (20) headed'the batting list, while Gleave and Brough bowled exceptionally well, captur- ing four wickets for 18 runs and three wickets for 22 respectively.

Cheshire Lin‘as Engineers severely trounced Man- chester Central, A \Val-burst (51), J. Duckworth (25) and F. Massey (19) batting in grand style. Deeley and Monks were responsible for the early Collapse of the losers, their respective analyses being E. Deeley, 9 overs 3 maidens 14 runs 7 wickets; J. Monks, 8 o—ers 3 maidens 6 runs 2 wickets.

Two splendid bowling performances were the out- standing feature of the Engineers Juniors' successful engagement with Honks Hall. W. Hill's analysis was : —3.3 flyers 2 maidens 1 run 6 wickets (5 being bowled), thYs bowler doiagthe hat trick, G. Chamber- lain's record was: —1 over 1 maiden 0 rans'3 wickets.

Stretton and Appleton, accounted for Sankey Wire Hills second, mainly owing to the fine batting of T. Hughes, who compiled 27. Moorfield and Hallows bowled effectively.

Latchford Baptists second experienced a heavy reverse at the hands of St. James' eleven. Hackney (17) was the top scorer, while Knight accomplished the fine bowling performance of capturing six wickets for seven runs.

An exciting match, between Moore and IYa resbnry and Walker's Brewery resulted in a victory for the villagers by two runs. The home teat...iwed much to the fine bowfin(' of G. H. Taylor and H. Taylor, who captured six wickets for six runs, and two wickets for one run respectively. For the visitors Dargan bowled exceedingly well, taking five wickets for two rims. There was an exceedingly close contest bstween Warrington Secondary School and Bewsey-road Wes- leyans, the school triumphing by a single run. Bloor, by his batting and fielding, is entitled to take the main credit for the victory.

The Mersey Club defeated St. Mary's by 23, Hunter heading the score list with 19.

Aston had little difficulty in disposing af Peaketh, CoHinge (21) being their best batsman.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

To-day will witness the commencement of the second round of the Works Competition for the Finlayson Cup. The contest so far has produced some excellent play and in this respect matters should even improve as the final is approached. The draw for the second round has resulted as follows : —Crosfield's or Rylands (No. 1) v. Pearson and Knowles' (No. 2); Stubbs v. Lonpon and Aforth-Western ; Richmonds's v. Lmgland: Thewlis and Griffiths' v. Whitecross (No. 1); Rylands' Netting v. Corporation; Rylands' (No. 2) v. Fletcher's; Pearson and Knowles.' (No. 1) v. C.L.C. The matches to be played to-day are Crosfield's v. fly-land's (No. 1) first round, and Stubbs' v. London and North-Western second round.

The two matches which were deeided last Saturday I were productive of' more than usually close games though in each the expected result was arrived at, and Fletcher's and Pearson and Knowles (No. 2) qualified for the second round. Fletthers did not attain their object without a particularly stiff struggle with Forshaw as proved by a final margin of 6 points, Forshaw set off with a lead of 9 point, which T. Ball, as the result of his game with F. Bellis, immediately reduced to 6 IS. Kettle and S. Ball had a good fight but victory I resting with the Pearson and Knowles man ene points I only separated the teams. Ball set off in a splendid I manner and ran to 9-4, Kettle however recovered himself and peeled before Ball could improve his score. I A point later the two again drew level, when a double I and three singles scored consecutively gave Ball the game.

The next game gave Fletchers a lead of 3 points, J. W. Evans accounting for A. S. Boardman. 15-11. After equalizing at 5, Evans took the lead and always. held the upper hand. Thoughout his game with W Ashall, W. Taylor was far from being at his ease and the defeat which he sustained did not improve his teams position. T. Hackett met more than his match in G. Wahnough and beirg beaten 15-9 three points only separated the teams.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
five matches played none have been won despite the fact that three of the games have been played over the I Penketh Green. •

r In their match on Thursday they commenced badly the first game giving Sankey a lead of six points. Two wins to their credit placed the teams equal and the Parkites were hopeful of ultimate victory. The remainder of the games, however, with one exception, went aganist them and Sankey secured a fairly easy victory. One wonders what will happen when Penbsth visit the Bull's Head green. , When the fixture is completed the only question will be as to whether the Bull's Head players will create a record or not.

The Church-street men are bent on securing the championship', and that they will succeed I have no I doubt. Their play is improving week by week, and I Warrington cannot boast of a combination, . which ort. present form will beat them on their own green. ' Fearnhead viewed Saturday's match with the prospec- tive champions with some trepidation, and as events proved their fears were well founded, they being I thoroughly beaten. In the first two games they lost j 30 points, the brothers Smith both failing to open their - score against A. Gleave and R. Fairbrother. Matters did not improve, and in the end they were defeated by i 68 points. ---- I The detailed score in the match betwen Penketh and Sankey were : 1 PENKETH. CHAPEL HOUSE. A. Higham J. Bowyer l5 J. Jackson l4 J. Atkinson l5 S. Fletcher J. Lloyd A. Bowyer l4 J. Deakin l5 J. Higham R. Bond 4 J. Sparkes l5 S. Shore lE. Dumbill H. Bowyer W. Goulden l4 W. Ellison l5 F. Swift 140 169 •

The position of the clubs up-to-date is-as follows P. W. L. D. For. Agst. Pta. Balls Head 5 4 1 0 809 ...596 8 Fearnhead 5 4 1 0 .726 ...706 ... 8 Sankey 5 3 2 0 .809 ...661 ... 6 Cemetery 4 2 .0 ...597 ...558 ... 4 Horse &Jockey 4 ... 1 ... 3 ... 0 ...496 ...625 ... 2 Penketh

No matches are down for decision to-day the after- noon having been set apart for the holding of, the _ second of the series of mains. Play will be over the Bull's Head green.

The third annual handicap in connection with the Prince of Wales Lodge of Odafellows, for the Cros- field cup and other prizes will be held on the 22nd July. The green will be selected later.

Nothing has as yet been done with regard to the gift of £5 by Ar. E. England for a competition f,r the championship of Warrington. it will be remembered that the Warrington League, in whose hands the question is placed, advised the holding of a com- petition open to two players connected with each of the League clubs. This idea did not commend itself to Mr. England who recomMended the throwing open of the competition to all clubs in the town. This would necessarily entail a great amount of work to which League officials do not feel equal. What the ultimate arrangement will be I cannot say, but it ought to be possible to arrange a handicap on the lines suggested by Mr. England.

At last the date for the opening of the Corporation Bowling Oren in Victoria Park has been fixed, and June 22nd, if the day be fine, will witness the first occasion upon which the green will be played upon by the general public. The charges also have been fixed and are, for use of bowls and use of green 2d. for the first hour and Id. for each succeeding hour. For players using their own woods the charge will be 2d_ ' for two hours and Id. per hour afterwards. This means that in any event there Will be a minitnuna charge of 2d, for the use of the green. The price ia reasonable enough though it would have been better had the Corporation fixed the minimum at id. instead of at 2d., as the latter figure will prove somewhat of a detriment. The venture is however a sort of busi- ness speculation and if it proves to be a profitable one, no doubt the Corporation will see their way to redace the charge.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Water Polo.

Warrington played their opening league match of the season pa Tuesday evening, and suffered the 'dis- appointment of a defeat at the hands of St. Helens. The home team. made no mistake about it, either, for they piled on ten goals against the Warringtonians solitary one. In the first half Warrington, although defending the shallow end, could ' not notch a single point, while their opponents p!aced ten goals to their credit. On resuming Walker scored for Warrington who were thus spared the ignominy of being "

On Tuesday evening next Warrington will again meet St. Helens at the Corporation Baths, Leigh-street, while the second team will try conclusions with Chester The occasion will be a particularly interesting one, as Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall will attend for the pur- pose of presenting the challenge shield to the winners of last season's works competition. There will be an. exhibition squadron race between the champions and a picked team, and a two length's contest for club mem- bers will also be decided.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling

Ottlton Park was the destination of the Warrington 'Cycling Club on Saturday. The weather NIMA beautifully fine and the roads were in excellent order after the light showers of the previous day. Fifteen members turned out for the grand run through Delamere forest and the outing proved highly enjoy- able. Tea was served at the Red Lion Inn and on the return journey several of the wheelers looked in at the fete at Dutton Hall.

On Tuesday evening the weather was dull and threatening, with the resaltt that only a dozen members made the journey to picturesque old Warburton.

The bowling handicap is now in full swing anl several capital games were played on the Chapel House Green on Wednesday evening.

The interest of the spectators was fully aroused and speculation was rife as to whether Fletchers would -- lose the advantage which they held. E. Tynan at the I 1 Given favourable weather, a large number of outset seemed .altogether unequal to the task set him members vvilliae touring in the Vale of Langollen and in hi game W. J. Massey and allowed the Ellesmere district this week-end. On Tuesday s ' his opponent to reach 9 points before he , there will be the usual club run to Tabley. opened his score. He then got into the run of the green and peeled at 11, and again at 12, 13 and ' Sankey Bridges Wesleyan 'Cycling Club is going' 14, losing the odd point., With seven men off the strong and numerous enjoyable runs have already been green the totals stood at 86-90, the balance of points held. On Saturday about a dozen members enjoyed an being in favour of Fletchers. outing to the'pretty village.of Arley. To-day's destina, 'ion is Sandiway and on Monday, a large turnout to Chester is expected.

The next two games saw their lead further increased and they claimed the advantage to the extent of 15 , points. J. Wilkinson put a slightly different com- plexion on the game by beating J. Broadhurst 15-13.1 OUR LOCAL CHURCHES The result of the game was very surprising as up to 1 • the eleventh end Wilkinson was completely out-played, I The sclre at that stage being 11-4. The next game I went in favour of Fletchers and Forshaws were i Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. placed 14 points in arrear. I Thera was a good attendance at the meeting of the above society on Sunday last. Mr. Parrar,hon.secretary,presided, Forshaw's were in a hopeless position and the and urged the members to a greater effort to do their duty. result of the match was practically beyond doubt, it and do it to the utmost. Mr. J. Hough, of Manchester, e being almost impossible that an old player like T. was the speaker and addressed the meeting upon Bridge should be nilled by • a comparatively in experi- " Indiffinenc, and its baneful effects upon others." enced trundler. A. Molyneux however, rose to the Mr. W it Payton, alas. Bac., presided at the organ, and occasion and while he was not able to avert his teams rendered a welt-played selection. defeat he reduced Fletcher's lead by 8 points, after i . Buckley-street P.S.A. Society. allowing his opponents to carry the score to 7-4. 1 Mr. P. Green presiding over a moderate attendance --- • of members at an open meeting of the above Society The match between Pearson and Knowles (No. 2.) which was held on Sunday. Mr. Wynne Jones gave an and the Howley Tannery teams was not productive of address on • True Manliness." During the afternoon BO close a finish though it provided considerable selections were given by Miss A. Woodland, who gave excitement. Commencing with four victories Pearson a sweet rendering of "Banner of love," and Miss E. and Knowles carried the score to 6041. The defeat Woodland, who sang "0 rest in the Lord." Miss M. of Venables 15-6 by F. Boyle made the scores more Plinston was the accompanist. equal, and Venables being ably supported by James Wesleyan Anniversary. Ditchfield, Howley claimed an advantage of one point. __ Howley, however missed their opportunity, and did me Sunday school anniversary in connection with Bold-street Wesl y Church was celebrated on Sunday not long retain the lead, the next game giving Pearson b, the holding an special • • g of services, which were and Knowles an advantage of li?, points —a lead which ' throughout the day attended by large congrega- was gradually improved, and in the end increased to tions. The preacher was the Rev. Ben- • :%.4 . % jamin Weaver, of Southport, whose addrosseg one of 31 points. _ . -- were listened to with attention. A special feature of

_ . Poor Penketh. Park! They have indeed fallen upon E.lhe services was the music. In the morning the anthem evil times and seem utterly incapable of steMing the at n the vening the anthem_ in Lpriceless treasure "..(F. Roberts) vas given and Me " (Jorltn) tide of disaster which is flowing against them. After and „ Nearer, my God to Thee, ' (Adams) were ex- the marked improvement which they manifested in cellently sung by the choir. The soloists were Airs. A. ' their in itch a.giinst Fearuhead it was lyipeci and ex- Booth, I‘liss Mabel Henshall, Miss E. Taylor, Miss pected that they would open their list of victories Carrie Hastings, Mr. Warburton, and Mr. C. H. Page. when they entertained Sankey of their own green The .Mr. Frank Hickman presided at the organ at all the fixture should have been completed on Saturday but the services. In the afternoon a most successful flower. rervnii,c,,etbwpasrellealedd. overin whichexcellent reGss. wasW it hge evil day was postpmed until Thursday evening, when given 1:7; they gave a most inglorious display, being defeated by Mr. F. A.Harris. The collections, which were in aid 29 points. Their record is a most uneviable one. With of the Sunday school, realized £l5. .- 4

===== 0002601_19050610_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD TO THE WISE.

The fickle nature of the climate of this country often gives rise to a variety of ailments and complaints, which assuming at first the form of only a slight indisposition, if neglected and unheeded may become the germ of serious diseases, which will undermine the constitution, and finally result in a long and lingering illness, and perhaps terminate fatally. The variable temperature and the changeable weather of the last month or so, makes it incumbent on all of us to exercise wise and prudent precautions to counteract the evil effects which the weather may have had upon our health and comfort. Already we frequently hear such complaints as "No appetite," "These frequent headaches," "This languid feeling," and dozens of other expressions which all point to the urgent need of a good Tonic. Now there are several tonic mixtures offered to the Public, but none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. This Preparation is acknowledged to be The Best Remedy of The Age for Nervousness, Weakness. Chest Affections, Palpitation of the Heart, Indigestion, Liver Complaint, and Influenza. The numerous cases of marvellous cures effected, and the restoration to perfect health, of those who had long suffered and had vainly tried other remedies, can be accounted for by simnly stating the effect which Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has upon the System. Ist. It strikes at the source of the disease, and by removing the causes of disease, the evil effects soon vanish. 2nd. It strengthens that part of the system which is weakest, and therefore, most liable to the attacks of colds and all diseases. 3rd. It purifies the blood, and thus gives new life and force to all parts of the body, for disease cannot exist where there is a free circulation of pure blood. 4th. It gives healthy action to the digestive organs and to the liver, thus aiding to keep away Indigestion and the host of different forms of disease which re- ult from it, sth. By removing impurities, strengthening the weak narts of the system, and purifying the blood,the human frame is well fortified to withstand the attacks of disease. It is repelled, and its place taken by health and strength, through the effective action of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. Sold everywhere in bottles 21. 9d. and 4s. Gd. each, or will be sent carriage free for these prices, direct from the Sole Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Com- pany, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. Beware of Imitations. See that you get the genuine Preparation with the name," Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

THEFT OF FLOWERS FROM BANK PARK. From time to time the Warrington authorities have had cause to complain of persons helping themselves to flowers growing in the public parks, and a special wateh has been kept with a view to putting a stop to the practice. On Monday two lads, William Mitton, 8 David-street, and James Kennedy, 12, Pierpoint-street, were charged at the Warrington Polic3 Court with picking rhododendron blossoms from Bank Park. Both pleaded guilty.—The Chief Constable stated that on the evening of May 28th, Detective Clough was on duty in Bank Park when he saw the two defendants with some newly plucked rhododendron blossoms. The boys on seeing Clough went and hid themselves. Clough however, caught one and questioned him, the lad ad- mitting that he had taken the flowers from the park. A redeeming feature of the case was that the lads bad not attempted to tell any lies.—The lads expressed their sorrow for what they had done and the cases against them were dismissed upna payment of costs.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Pollee Court.

Minor Cases

-- MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillor Wilkinson, and Messrs. W. Roberts, H. Thornton, G. Piling, S. Wright, and

J. W. Hayward. A Disc RICEFUL SCENE.—Sarah Ann Dodd, 11, Stephen-street, was summoned for drunkenness.—P.C. Tolley said that on Tuesday he was on duty in the Cemetery when the three persons who lost their lives in the boating accident were being buried. The defendant was drunk and was looking over the wall in Stephen- street and shouting, and otherwise distracting the attention of the mourners.—Defendant, who did not appear, was fined ss. and costs. CRUELTY TO A HORS.—George Leather and Michael Caulfield, both ot Leigh, were summoned for illtreating a horse, Leather by working it in an unfit condition, and Caulfield by causing it to be worked.—lnspector Gibson (R.S.P.C.A.) stated that he saw Leather driving the horse. The animal was suffering from inflammation in one of its legs and was in great pain.—Caulfield agreed to have the horse destroyed.—He was fined ss. while Leather was fined 2s. 6,-1.

WORKINGMEN'S DWELLINGS. A Flourishing Warrington Building Society. A suceessful year's work was under review at the thirty-fifth annual general meeting of members of the Warrington Workingmen's Permanent Benefit Building Society which was held in Golborne-steeet schoolroom on Monday evening. Mr. J. W. Bouchier presided and I the attendance included :—Messrs. James Harding, 1 chairman, E. Wallington, R. Isherwood, J. Baxter, W. H. Wallington, W. J. Bate, H. Baines, T. Bowers, J. Bell W. Charnock and G. Cox(manages),Mr. Josiah Longland (solicitor), and Mr. Peter Dalton (secretary). THE REPORT. In their annual report the Managers stated that during the year the sum of £1,597 7s. 4d. had been received as subscriptions, £2,270 Is. Ild, for repayments and £1 10s. sd. entrance fees,fines, &c., making the total receipts £3.871 19s. Bd. ; the working expenses being £69 Os. lid. The withdrawals amounted to £1,338 16s. 11d. The sum of £2,900 had been advanced to mem- bers. There were 216 subscribers, holding 2891 shares; and 40 borrowers' holding 203:1 shares; making 256 members, holding 4931 shares. The bonuses this year amounted to £507 10s. on the amount lent, of which sum £92 16s. was divided as profit, and £414 14s. carried to the prospective interest account. The total amount remaining owing upon mortgages was £10,957 55., of which only £9,632 les. 4d. could be regarded as capital, the balance of .£1324 Bs. Bd. representing the propor- tionate amount of interest thereon, calculated for the number of years the several mortgages had still to run. The profits for the year, including £l9 ss. 7d. from last account, after deducting working expenses, amounted to £329 19s. 4d. out of which the Managers recom- mended a dividend of 4 per cent, which would take £352 9s. 5d., leaving a balance of £4O Os. 11d., £25 of which they directed to be placed to credit of the Con- tingent Fund,and the balance, £l5 9s. Ild., carried for- ward to next year's account. The whole of the managers retired. Messrs. Harding, E. Wallington, Isherwood, Bouchier, W. EL Wallington and Baxter, were eligible and offered themselves for re-election. Six additional Managers would be taken from the register in rotation. A SOUND POSITION. The CHAIRMAN remarked that considering the state ,of trade the weekly payments bad been fairly large, and the result of the year's work might be considered satis- factory. The society had made sufficient to pay a dividend of 4 per cent and he believed that under the new rules that was about the utmost the society could pay. They might certainly regard it as a safe invest- ment at 4 per cent. They hair ample reserve to cover not only all the deposits, but to pay interest on those deposits so long as the society might have to run supposing that it went into liquidation. The cash hand at the bank of over 60 remained after the dividend had been paidif the society had been able to act as they had for something like thirty years—divide the profit made during the year after making sufficient allowance for contingency and reserve funds—they might have paid 5.1 per cent. The working expenses amounted to .£6O Os. 11d., which was equal to only 135.10 d. on every £lOO that the society had dealt with. On the motion of Mr. GREALEY, seconded by Mr. Massey, the report was adopted.

_ , THE DIVIDEND. It was decided, on the proposition of Mr. GREALEY, seconded by Mr. CHARNOCK, to pay a dividend of 4 per cent.

ELECTIONS. Messrs. J. Harding, E. Wallington. R. Isherwood, 3. W. Bouchier, J. Baxter, and W. H. Wallington were re-elected managers of the Society. Messrs. Wm. Bodle, jun., and Robert Lee were re-elected surveyors, and Messrs. A. W. Howard and G. Armstrong, auditors.

Popuiar in PRICE

Perfect in PLIRiTY

===== 0002601_19050610_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH GIVING WAY.

Overworked and Worried Men Find New Strength in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

Some men, in the daily routine of employment, over-exe r t themselves

bodily ; others have .to

face a constant mental

strain beyond their natural strength. In either case

the system finally fails ti respond, and health gives way. As an eloquent example of the fortifyinf powers of Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale Peoplr

lin such cases, the words. ol Mr. A. Gillspie, hes(

master of the IVia'Con Wel

leyan School appeal to al

waee earners.

"-As the result of study ng hard after school duties were over," he stated to a reporter of the "Yorkshire _ _ _ _ .

Herald," "I felt my health

completely giving way. owe it entirely to Dr. Wi now in good health again. "In November last, he continued, when interviewed at his residence, 74 Castlegate, Melton, " I felt thoroughly rim down. I was weary and worn all the day through. On going to my school in the morning I had no spirit and energy to perform my duties, though lam devot ed to the work. It was extremely difficult for me to keep awake. " At 9rst I thought some ordinary tonic would set me right; I tried one, then another, but it was useless. These attempts to shake off the weariness and build up my strength were complete failures. 1 confess I grew alarmed at this debilitated state. I really feared I should have to give up work and rest; then I determined to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. "After one box I felt a distinct improvement and ability to tackle work, and so I grew bettor. By the end of December I was completely restored in strength and health through Dr. Williams' Pink Pills." For general breakdown of the nervous system Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are invaluable, for they feed the nerves while purifying and adding to the blood supply Hence their wonderful success both in cases like Mr. Gillespie's and the most serious diseases of Paralysis and Locomotor Ataxy. In Anremia, Con- sumption, Indigestion, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Early Decay, all disorders resulting from poor or bad blood, they are a revelation. Obtainable of all dealers, but watch for the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People (seven words), for the substitutes fre- quently offered are quite useless. Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn-viaduct, London, will send one box post free for 2s. 9d., or six for 13s. 9d.

Pills that I am

..•":". - 04111 I' %4,• ~,, • i 0 '"" • ( 4 td ,),i, '.,! ',' • :linv 1 ' •• fi ,- Illiams' Pink

===== 0002601_19050610_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSFIELDS RECREATION CLUB.

Third Annual Sports.

TII

erhih zonv C fltil; 64 ef t' dlavOU

Masantio the PALATE

The MAYOR: It is only a matter of a few pence. - -- , Councillor PEMBERTON : It a:nounts to thousands of think that was a right principle to adopt as it would pounds for the whole town, be setting a precedent. --- Councillor WILKINSON said there were two sides to Councillor LVIA GINN supported the advance.remarking Athletic phrsuits receive every encouragement at the question. The property owner had increased rates that Mr. Telfer had made the trams pay whereas, before Messrs. Crosfields' works and the recreation club thrust upon him but did not raise the rent. Before the his appointment, there was a lass on them, formed by the employees is making encouraging pro- price of gas was reduced the rates should be-reduced Councillor WRIGHT in supporting the amendment gress. Favoured with beautiful weather, the third (Hear, hear.) said ha had no objection to raising salaries to a reason- annual sports held on the Wilderspool Football Ground able sum, providing the committee started with the on Saturday attracted a large gathering, and the interest- Alderman PAIRCLOUGH said it was impossible for numerousi n g p r o g anyone to have his cake and eat it. If the rates were employs.d lower _asfsoerdeeoffohwietrheonutttaeuhditecohm. some keen were reduced was also in favour of theraelunmtreiesp reduced he would be willing to reduce the price of gas. Councillor P amendment. Although they saw a profit of over 2400 They wore giving three feet more gas now to the slot petitions were witnessed. Prizes to the value tramways there was not a penny down for de- th on e meter consumers, and had also made a reduction to the I of £5O were offered. A novel feature of the people outside the borough as they were the biggest preciation which, on a big system like theirs, must be proceedings was a fire brigade tournament in which consumers and were entitled to a reduction. £9,000 very heavy indeed. It was not wholly. to Mr. Telfer's Messrs. Crosfields' and Weston Point brigades took had been made this year, but the Borough Treasurer had credit that expenses were cut down as there was a part. The men displayed considerable skill in the already taken the greater portion of this. The Gas general feeling among the committee at the time that manipulation of hasepipes and other appliances. During Committee were going to put a balance of £1,300 to the they were considerably overotaffed. Until there was a the afternoon an enjoyable selection of music was reserve fund. good amount put down for depreciation they ought not played by the works band, Mr. E. Smith conducting. The minutes were adopted. to increase salaries beyond the promised increment. The officials, to whom praise is due for the expeditious THE WATERWORKS EXTENSION. Councillor WILKINSON said there was no member of way in which the sports were carried through, were ;- the committee who would not say that Mr. Telfer had Judges: Messrs. J. Gallon, E. Unsworth, H. Newall, T. COUNCILLOR PEMBERTON AND THE worked wonders with the tramway system. .A. Wilkinson, T. Webster, W. Sbawcross, J. Dutton, P. CONTRACT. Councillor WRIGHT: By sacking men. Peacock •, Marksmen: Messrs. W. E. Clegg, J. A. Councillor PEMBERTON asked the Chairman of the ' Counciaor WILKINSON: Many firms go to the verge Watson E. Randles, T. Dixon, H. Kay, A. Long, T Water Committee : of ruin by keeping men. Whitfield, G. Podmore. P. Hignett, E. W. Warren, A. 1. Has Lawson's bill for all work and wares been Councillor PEMBERTON here interrupted. H. Sanders : Starter: Mr. J. Fair ; Teat Stewards . received? If so, what date and what is the amount ? Conncillor WILKINSON : I wish, Councillor Pember- Messrs. J. Harrison, T. E. Ball, T. Basketter ,• Hon. 2. Has it been before the Water Committee? If not ton, you itiould know your manners. You are very ill- Treat, mer : Mr. H. Clayton ; Hon. Secretary: Mr. E. why not? bred. (Laughter). -I M. Wright. Results :- 3. Have any legal proceedings been threatened ? The voting was as follows :-' 1 150 Yards Flat Race Handicap (for boys under 15).- • Alderman FRANCOMB, replying to Councillor Pember- For the amendment :-Councillors Evans , Clegg, Winners of heats : Ist heat, 1, T. Sparkes (16 yards),2, ton, said that they had had a contract with Lawson for Burton, Skelland, Ashcroft, Sankey, Roberts, Benson, 0. Edwardson (14), 3, H. Griffiths (1(i) ; 2nd heat, 1, T. £24,400, but, according to a schedule, they had to pro- Lord, Pemberton, Stott, Wright,A. Peacock, P. Peacock H. Greaves (12), 2, J. Williamson (14), 3, M. Albert vide pumps and pump water so that he could be enabled -14. Against-The Mayor, Aldermen Fairclough, (12). Final: 1, T. Sparkes ;2, O. Edwardson; 3, H. to work. The only reason that they had such a lot of Smethurst, Francomb, Hutchinson, Bennett, Tinnion, t Griffiths. extras was because they had come across such an Evans,,Coancillors Wilkinson, Maginn, Fulton Smith, i , 100 Yards Handioap.-Winners of heats: C. Libetter enormous amount of water. They had consulted an Dr. Joseph, Ellison-14. ! (si, yards), S. Shipley (4). T. Wright (7), E. W. Warren eminent geologist, and he said it was probable that The MAYOR gave his casting vote in favour of the 7), x. Ellershaw (5), C. Roscoe (10), J. A. Watson (5). they would get a million and a quarter gallons of increase. ins 1: 1, E. W, Warren; 2, T. right;W 3, C. Libetter. water. Instead they got four million gallons and had Councillor P. PeacocK then moved that the increases Tug of War.-1, Glycerine Department team ;2, to keep on pumping and pay the cost. If they to Messrs. Purse and Rogers be referred back. Shipping Department. had not done this they could not have saved the lives Councillor EVANS seconded. One Mile Bicycle Race-Winners of heats : Ist heat, of the men or got the work accomplished. Had it cost Councillor PEMBERTON supported. He said he noticed 1, P. Ward (owed 60 yards), 2. W. J. Brown (50), 3, John double they would have had to go on pumping. They in the electricity accounts that £724 was put down as I Bellfield (150); 2nd heat, 1, J. Bruht (eox 2, J. Ray (30), had received a bill from Lawson, in March, which was being saved by the Babcock and Wiloox boilers and 13, 1 Scott (100) •' 3rd heat, 1, R. Nolland (150),2, James not a final one. Then they got another for the works stokers. That was a myth. If Alderman Smethurst I Bennett (130), 3,G. Hough (140). Final: I,R. Nolland; on the surface which came to hand on the '22nd May. could only prove that, the firm named would give him 2, P. Ward; 3, J. Ray. These two were sent back, and they asked Lawson for £5OO a year for life, (Laughter.) The fact of the 300 Yards Obstacle Race.-Winners of heats: Ist the final bill. On the 27th Maybe returned the two matter was that fur 2i years the committee bought coal heat, 1, A. Berry (15 yards), 2D. Elwell (23) ' • 2ud beat, accounts, and said that they were final, but with reserve- against the Standing Orders of the Council. (Cries of. 1, C. Sunderland (23), 2, P. Cleaton (30) ; 3rd heat, 1, H. tions. Such an account could not be dealt with in a "Never mind that now.") The saving had been brought Bromley (15), 2, Thomas Shipley (20) ; 4th beat, 1, B, week, and had not been before the Water Committee. abont by buying fuel at Os. 7d. instead of 12s. a ton as Rothwell (24), 2, J. C. Holden (19) ; sth heat; 1, E. Indeed no one, he thought, had heard of it until the formerly. As to Mr. Purse's increase, Mr. Purse was Gibson (191,2, W. A. Kinsey (19). Final: 1, E. Cibsou; previous morning. They could not deal with it as it advanced within fifteen months from £lO2 to £156. 2, J. C. Holden; 3, C. Sunderland. was and it would be largely a matter for the Engineer COOSCilior WILKINSON : Be correct in your figures. 200 Yards Flat Race Handicap.-Winners of heats : and Town Clerk. There must be a very great reduction Councillor PEMBERTON: lam much obliged to you, Ist heat. 1, H. S. Lightfoot (15 yards), 2, James Smith on the amount sent in. There had been no least pro- I should have said from £lO4. Your kindness is only (29). 3, H. Golding (28) ; lid heat, 1, P. Moran (12), 2, ceedings threatened. Certainly there would li:a some exceeded by your brain power. (Laughter.) E. Glover (29), 3, C. M. D. Armstrong,(ls) ; 3rd heat, adjusting to be done, but the speaker had never heard Councillor WILKINSON: Thanks very much. 1, W. Whittaker (29). 2, H. J. Smith (15), 3, E. Hands anything about legal proceedings, and he strongly Alderman SMETHURST said he had some particulars (12). Final, 1, H. S. Lightfoot ;9, P. Moran ;3, W. believed and hoped that the co ..nou sense of all parties to read regarding the depreciation referred to by Whittaker. would result in the matter being settled without going Councillor Pemberton, but several members demurred. 80 Yards Uniform Reee.-Winners of heats : J. into the law courts. (Hear, hear). The speaker wen The MAYOR asked the Council whether they desired Mather (2 yards), A. J. Mills (l), P. Whitty (scratch), on to say that they had had an excellent report from to have the particulars or not, and there were cries of T. Wright (3), W. Beaden (2), C. Powney (3). Final : their water engineer, and it was pleasing to all to know " No." 1, P. Whitty: 2, W. Beaden ; 3, J. Mather. what au excellent supply of water they had got. Reply- Alderman SMETHURST (throwing down his papers) : 60.,Yards Egg and Spoon Race (girls).-Winners of lug to Councillor Tinnion, with reference to the supply Then it is a disgrace to you all, heats : Ist heat, 1, A. Kinsey, 2,A. Holland ; 2nd heat, of water from the Appleton mains, he said that he Alderman TINNION : Well, I would rather listen to 1, J. Williams. 2, E. Sharpies ; 3rd heat,. I,E. Cleave believed that there were five or six carts round one what Alderman Smethurst has to read than to some of 2, A. Lowe. Final: I, H. Cleave ;2, J Williams!: single hydrant waiting for water on occasions. That the tWaddle talked here. 3, E. Sharpies. - , - 70 Yards Veterans' Race.-Ist heat : 1, P. L. Hill 111 (10 yards), 2, 0. Armitage (2), 3, H. Skelhorn (12) ; 2nd heat, I,P, Johnson (2),2,W. H.Williams (4),3, W. Roberts (9.) Final: 1, P. L. Hill ; 2, H. Skelhorn ;3,H. 0. Armstrong. 100 Yards Flat Race (men over 36 years of age).-lst heat, T. Tindall (5), 2, E. Hewitt (10) • 2nd heat, 1, H. *ellsi (4), 2, 1 Hassell (9); 3rd heat, 1, .7. Barlow (scratch), 2, P. Gleave (8). Final: 1, T. Tindall; 2, H. Wells; 3, E. Hewitt. Quarter Mile Flat Race.-lst heat, 1, W. T. Hayward (24), 2, W Corlett (30), 3. A. E. Boardman (10); 2nd heat, 1, Thos. Minshull (16), 2, J. E. Newnes (12), 3, J. Smith (10); 3rd heat, 1, R. Dunbobbin (12), 0, J. Groom (30), 3, F. Tomlinson (10). Final: 1, R. Dunbobbin; 2, W. T. Hayward; 3, J. Smith. "a Two Miles Bicycle Race.-lst. heat 1, P. Ward (owed 100 yards), 2, R. Nolland (250), 3, J. Bruhl (120) ; 2nd heat, 1, W. J. Brown (150), 2, J. Ray (80), 3, A. E. Wright (130). °Final : 1, P. Word, 2, J. Ray, 3, A. E. Wright. Half-Mile Flat Race.-1, James Long (20), 2, J. Hands (58), 3, C. Dagnall (5). 70 Yards Flat Race (Girls).-lst heat, 1, E. Sharpies, 2. A. Lowe, 3, A. Kendall ; 2nd heat, 1, L. Kendrick, 2, E. Long, 3, E. Cleave. Final : 1, E. Long, 2, L. Kendrick, 3, E. Cleave. One Mile Flat Race.-1, Joseph Riley (25), 0 ..,James Long (55), 4, Thomas Devlin (35). . At the conclusion of the sports Mrs. Henry Roberts presented the prizes to the successful competitors.

„....: :41.•C,f;,,,,.:*4 r;(:,,,i; .-..i.,. :c4.4:, 5,...,%,..c7:: ~,-11.%‘;108.fe•' •:Y?.,.•,:i ?..',:”' 1:44 ' '• .174-2,i.rw4?".•'- lel. - 4w.:4;!.4,3;,,'..;‘..,,•••• ' 1-4*l 10. 4,: '.,•\74.',7,,,,, ~.4r`.41, :7,4:, 2.4'. 4*:•''' •,,,,: ''.l6`-' ~ ' ' ' ' -. , "S?:;;:i''', '.l'it ,;4 - , •,,,,,.,1 I:, q -i' 1)4, ... , ' t. ,I:i , 't 4., it41,1•14,‘ Ts -4.7 .41, ..-• - ..,-, •11.t.vt..tm..., , 4 4t •',4 w . ',1,4,,,,,t, 1,0 .; ?,' •. .. V., ''' - ' '44.4-44.4-' -', f,, e - . , ..' ~„., ..: 04, A' !4 , t'''' ; , p i‘ l' r,,7,„,,%.44:,' •• , t) .‹. : . ~...; -,4 -,-. .1 "."-,f, ii k • ..,.., . •W• . v , ;,, d'AV Nr.,V ~ ... ' I k- I.'" •01,,,, jr.), '.. I',IN ..'V' i• ' .'s:lsloste>4 k. ~...,2' c 1 ft. ..,..., ..„ . ..„,...? , :-wzsvr•fr.- ,2,,,,,,........-. ..-.... ~ ,- .-- - •

, '''' ' . Twls al. ..... iso A ous ` . . • ..4;43;f.,. ,71'..,.' .. .- .. . . .1 * - ..k,... 4 %-.,1 :ill ...,..t.,,, .'..... , . .....,1 .-P7'..t,., •ii-",.:',. 4, '.• ,:- .. . • -e,:. • -. J-, IA , • , ,-.....- . , —'• 0 ...• • - 1 , a 4•• , ; ' *,' i• 1 , . I ca. Dtmaly.,.- .. , 11.- 1 i• : • y 1 : [ , "rinamnsgrocesmal , , RREGELTILar PURE 1* I . .. : 'f....- - - _,--...:-..st-_---7. -.-,-,-,::-., _ • Reduced Inc sd. Parket -simile r if and Xli. li,:. ..

===== 0002601_19050610_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL

ALDERMAN BENNETT AND THE SMOKE NUISANCE.

Medical Officers' Report Criticised.

INGREAsE OF SALARIES GRANTED.

So much business had to bd transacted at the monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Council, which was held on Tuesday that the meeting lasted four hours, and even then the whole of the business was not disposed of. The Mayor presided and there were also present the Deputy Mayor (Alderman Fairclough), Aldermen A. Bennett, John Evans, R. W. Francomb, 'T. Hutchin- son J. Smethurst, D. Tinnion, Councillors T. H. Ashcroft, T. Barton, W. Benson T. Burton, W. Clegg, D. S. Duncan, James Evans, L Eilison,'W. J. Forshasv, T. J. Hulse. Dr. Joseph, J. Lord, J. Maginn, A. Peacock P. Peacock, J. Pemberton, J. Roberts, J. Sankey, J. Skelland, J. F. Smith, F. Stott, J. Williams, W. J. Wilson, T. Wright; with Messrs. J. L. Whittle (Town Clerk), J. Fairhurst (Borough Treasurer), T. Longdin, (Boren gh Surveyor)J. Deas (Water Engineer),C. Madeley ( Librarian), W.S. Haddock (Gas Engineer),J . G. Gornall (Medical Officer).

===== 0002601_19050610_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
REPRESENTATIVE MANAGER APPOINTED.

On the motion of Alderman BENNETT, seconded by Councillor SANKEY, Mr. John Taylor was appointed a representative manager of the Holy Trinity National Schools in place of the late Alderman Sutton. ALDERMAN BENNETT AND THE SMOKE NUISANCE. "A DISGRACE TO CIVILIZATION." I ALDERMAN TINNION'S INDIGNATION.

When the minutes of the Health Committee were presented for confirmation Alderman Bennett made his hardy anneal speech with regard to the smoke nuisance. In his annual report the Medical Officer said " The smoke nuisance is, as might be expected, very bad, and the people so devoted to money-getting as not to be concerned much by the evils to health arising therefrom still less caring for the ugliness of it." That paragraph he thought was a disgrace to civilization and reflected very strongly upon the public, spirit in the town. He really thought it a tenible state of things that at the beginning of the 20th century it should be possible for the Medical Officer to write that paragraph. He noticed the omission for the report of any statistics with regard to the steps taken by the responsible committee with a view to the abating of the nuisance. Whether there were statistics or not anyone who is familiar with the town would realise that no steps were taken to abate the nuisance, whioh was a detriment to the beauty and health of the town, and the happiness of the whole community. He spoke with great assurance, because he was fortified by the experience of the Electricity and Tramways Committee, who were formerly one of the greatest offenders in the town but who had now got rid of the nuisance altogether, and by doing so had decreased their cost for fuel. Surely if gentlemen in the town were amenable to no other argu- ment when they saw the possibility of Obtaining bigger dividends they would consider the question and do something to abate the nuisance. If anything conid be done every self-respecting committee of the town should see that it should be done to put the law into operation until that chronic disgrace had been abated. Alderman TINNION said he must protest against the mairer in which Dr. Gornall had referred to the paving of streets. Great efforts had been made during the year to cope with the difficulty though it was not owing in any degree to what Dr. Gornall or anyone else had said. The doctor suggested that they really wanted some more definite system under which it would not be possible for streets and passages to remain so long in an unsatisfactory state. He supposed it was the doctor's modesty which prevented his suggesting he should have superintended the paving of the streets. If Dr. Gornall did so however, he did not think they would get any more satisfactory results. Since last September they have paved 22 streets and passagep over three-quarters of a mile in length at a cost of £1,848, 41 one mile and a fifth in length at a cost of £5,251, and had prepared to bring before the Local Government Board, 78 streets 2i miles in length at a cost of £9,406. He thought that after the assur- ance which was given that the committee would do al It could to overtake the unpaved streets, the doctor might not have gone out of his way as he bad done to refer to the streets. If the doctor was treated as he treated his brother officials his position would be very difficult, and for him to make objections in his annual report which went to the Local Government Board, was unfair to his brother officials who had no opportunity of being heard. They could give an explanation to the ratepayers of the borough and to the Council but the borough isurveyor had no opportunity to give an explanation to the Local Government Board. He thought Dr. Gornall would have been better advised and would have acted, more fairly if he had consulted his 'colleagues before giving his report. On behalf of the Paving and Sewerage Committee and of the borough surveyor he protested against the statement made by the medical officer. ' Councillor STorr hoped that Dr. Gornall would not be influenced by anything Alderman Tinnion or the Paving and Sewerage might say but that he would speak the truth as he believed it to he with regard to certain matters. He quite agreed with the medical officer that some better method could be adopted whereby streets should not be allowed to remain unpaved for so long a time. He did not think it was possible for the committee to have done more than it had done during the past 12 months but he thought a better method could be adopted which would assist the committee in overtaking the unpaved streets. He hoped Dr. Gornall would not be influenced by any criticism but would continue to speak fearlessly and without hesitation. Councillor PEMBERTON thought that in his report Dr. Gornall might speak truthfully and at the same time might take the opportunity of ascertaining from Mr. Longdin what was practicable. The Medical Officer might be a good doctor, but he did not think he knew much about the paving of streets. There was a great deal more work in his department which might be looked after to the great benefit of the ratepayers rather than he should waste his time in talking about the streets that were being paved quicker than was ever done before. If Councillor Stott wished the paving of the streets to be conducted on some other method he must get the law altered. The streets in Warrington were being paved as rapidly and as well as in any town he knew. (Hear, hear.) Certainly, some streets might be made more presentable than they were at the present moment, but that was not the fault of the , Paving and Sewerage Committee. The committee felt strongly that the doctor had gone out of his way to make an unjustifiable attack on the committee. He (Councillor Pemberton) could not think the doctor had gone round and examined the streets. Dr. Gornall and his staff would have been better employed in looking after other matters ; for instance, where there were nuisances being committed in paved streets, such as rubbish and refuse accumulating, and decayed vegetable matter, which were serious causes of disease. Councillor Evaxs, alluding to Alderman Bennett's statement with reference to smoke, said it should be remembered that Warrington manufactures consisted principally of iron, and that there was no such thing as applying mechanical stoking to a puddling furnace. (Alderman Bennett " Mood gas.") That was a new thing. He had thought the alderman was a man of patience=(laughter)--and he should give the manu- facturers an opportunity of experimenting before he hastily concluded that they were not doing their best. He believed the manufacturers were doing their best not to create the smoke nuisance Alderman Bennett complained about. The minutes were then agreed to. THE PAVING OF STREETS.

In the minutes of the Paving and Sewerage Committee was a long list of streets to be paved. The minutes also contained a letter from the Water Engineer yequesting that the quantity of water taken from the Appleton mains for street-watering purposes be diminished, and it was resolved that in the opinion of the committee it was most important that the streets should be regularly watered, and that with a view to an alteration in the present conditions of supply, the Chairman, Councillor Burton, and Councillor Evans be appointed a sub-committoe to wait upon the Water Committee at their next meeting. Alderman TINNiom said it as altogether unfair to

make such a request to the Council considering that they were large consumers of water, and paid 9d. per ton for it. The Water Committee should substitute Winwick water where there was a shortage of Appleton water, but the Engineer did not say that they could have a quantity from the Winwick water mains. It was a serious matter, because it prevented the proper water- ing of the streets, and would increase the cost of cartage besides. The minutes were confirmed. BRANCH LIBRARIES OPENED.

In moving the adoption of the minutes of the Museum Committee, Alderman BENNETT remarked that several branch libraries had been opened in Church-street, Winwick-street and Green-street and a small supply of suitable books sent to them. He hoped that inhabitttnts of lthose districts would take advantage of them and justify the expenditure of the committee upon them. Councillor ELLisos seconded, and the minutes were adopted.

OPEN-AIR SWIMMING BATHS. Councillor STol`e asked the Chairman of the Town Hall, Park and Baths Committee: 1. Has the Com- mittee yet considered the question of providing open- air swimming baths, in accordance with the resolution unanimously passed by the Council at a meeting held on October 25th, 1904? 2. If the question has been considered, what decision has the committee arrived at? If the question has not yet been considered, will he undertake that the question shall receive the considera- tion of the committee at an early date, and report their decision to the Council. The MAYOR said that he did not care for the manner in which the questions had been put, but he would answer Councillor Stott as a matter of courtesy. Coun- cillor Stott could have had a reply to them if he had cared to ask the speaker on the quiet. There was no need to have put all that expense of printing on the ratepayers. The answer to the first question was "Yes." In reply to questions two and three, he could say that no suitable place had yet been found to put up an open- air bath. SCHOOL CHILDREN AND THE BATHS. At a meeting of the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Com- mittee, held on the 25th May, a deputation from the School Management Sub-committee, consisting of the Rev. Morley Stevenson, Mr. Alderman Bennett, Mr. John Upson, and the Director of Education, attended the committee with reference to the terms upon which school children would be allowed the use of the first class plunge bath, and after discussion it was resolved that the committee allow school children to use the first-class plunge bath on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays, from 3.30 to 6 p.m., on payment by the Educa- tion Committee of £5O per annum, subject to a teacher being in charge of the children. The deputation inti- mated their willingness to accept these terms. The MAYOR proposed and Alderman SMETHURST seconded the adoption of the minutes. Alderman BENNETT thought that while it was extremely desirable that they should have conditions of cleanli- ness he thought every child should be taught to swim, and personally would not rest satisfied until they gave girls the same facilities as boys. The minutes were approved. THE ORFORD-LANE RECREATION aROUND. At a meeting of the Markets Committee a letter was read from the open spaces sub-committee requesting this committee to discontinue the letting of the Orford- lane recreation ground for any purposes It was resolved that the committee comply with such request. Councillor STOTT hoped the resolution would be strictly adhered to and the minutes were approved. GAS PROFITS. A REDUCTION IN PRICE ASKED FOR. The Borough Treasurer's balance sheet respecting the Gas Department for the year ended 31st March, 1905, shows a net profit of £10,407 lie. Bd. It was resolved that the Chairman, Alderman Evans, and Councillors Evans and Roberts be appointed a sub-committee to' open'and report on the tenders for coal and cannel and other requirements. The committee resolved that the following amended scale of extra discount allowed on gas for motive power to consumers using gas engines over two hours daily and not less than 70 days per quarier, be approved :—Three hours per day id. per thousand „• four hours' 2d.; five hours, 3d.; six hours, 4d. • ten hours, 5d.; 11 hours, 6d. The adoption of the minutes -of the Gas Committee was proposed by Alderman FAIRCLOUGH, and seconded by Councillor ROBERTS. Councillor LORD asked if it was ,contemplated to lower the price of gas to consumers as the profits were so large. The price of electricity had been reduced, and he thought that the gas consumers were entitled to a reduction. Councillor CLEGG said that they were manufacturing gas at something just over Is. per thousand feet but, were charging 2s. 6d. per thousand feet fo,r it. He thought that a reduction should be made in its price instead of the huge profit made from the gas plant , being devoted to the relief of the rates. He hoped that the Committee would bring the matter forward at their next meeting. - The MAYOR stated that the profits on the gas under- taking belonged to the ratepayers while a large number ' of consumers were not ratepayers Councillor PEMBERTON said that Widnes sold gas at is. sd. and were giving more gas for their money to the slot-meter consumers. The conversion into slot- meters in Warrington were going on very slowly. Some means should be devised by which the Gas Committee couid make a reduction. The Mayor might smile, but the people who paid for the gas felt very sore. It particularly affected small shopkeepers who paid rates as well. _ _ _

resulted in such a reduced pressure that it was difficult to get the water to the higher parts of the town. He was quite willing, and probably the committee would be quite willing, to find all the water required—not from one hydrant—but spread over a number. If they were short of Appleton water there appeared to be no reason, to him why they should not be supplied from Winwick. (Hear, hear). PHYSICAL INSTRUCTION OF SCHOOL CHILDREN.

Alderman MINION in moving the minutes of the Gymnasium Committee referred at length to the delib- erations of the committee and of the Education Com- mittee with regard to the physical instruction of school children explaining that the Education Committee had decided to have sach instruction given at the schools by teachers. He theight that it would be infinitely better for the childr to be instructed in the valuable subject of physical drill properly, aud he contended that it was not within the capacity of the teachers in the schools to give such instruction. The Gymnasium Committee felt that the instruction should be given under the direction of their instructors, but under the Education Committee's scheme that had been entirely eliminated. Instruction given by teachers would not be so valuable as that given by the committee's intruc- tors as they had had more experience. Alderman BENNETT said he was sorry if the Gymnasium Committee had thought that the School Management Su's-committee had failed to appreciate the services the ,Gymnasium Committee had rendered to them in the past. He pointed out that out of 280 teachers 169 were fully (minded to give instruction in physical drill, and it was thought desirable that the children should be drilled in their own schools and by their own staffs. There would be a saving in time and possibly in other ways by adopting this method. The MAYOR thought that a gymnasium instructor was more qualified to teach physical drill than any teacher. The walk from the schools to the Gymnasium would in itself be beneficial to the children. Alderman Tfirgrost, in reply, pointed out that the new scheme had been intended for the schools in the neigh- bourhood of the Gymnasium more particularly. The playgrounds of the schools were not adapted for physical drill in the winter when there was two inches of snow on the ground, and other facilities were lacking. The rsinutea of the committee were adopted: PROFITS OF THE ELECTRICITY AND TRAM- WAYS UNDERTAKINGS. At a meeting of the Electricity and Tramways Com- mittee, the Borough Treasurer's balance sheet for the year ending 31st March, 1905, was presented and showed that the net profit on the Electricity Department was £1,513 12s. 9d., and that the year's working on the Tram- ways Department showed a profit of .2450 Bs. 6d., which reduced last year's deficit of £692 75.7 d. to £241 19s. Id. The Elect;:icity and Tramways Committee resolved that the consumers of electrical energy be allowed the option of a flat rate at 41d. per unit with a discount of id. per unit if the account is paid within one month after demand. It was further resolved that the tram lines in Man- chester-road be extended to the far side of Padgate- lane, and that the Borough Surveyor be requested to undertake,the work. Alderman SMETHURST, in moving the confirmation of the minutes said there had been many complaints to the effect that the trams could Rot be seen by people coming from Padgate-lane, and it had been resolved that the lines be exteaded to the far side of Padgate-lane. It would only cost £lOO or £l5O. The profits on the tramways had been described as a "fairy tale," but he thought it was a fairy tale with which they could all fairly well be pleased. A. re-arrangement of the staff had brought abOut a reduction in wages of £991. The price of current water &c., had brought about a reduc- tion of £734. while the receipts from fares had increased by £626. In the electricity department a cost of £3OO had been transferred to the Sanitary Works Committee as the Electricity Committee found that they were doing work which they had no right to do. There had been an increase in the income of £1,780. INCREASES OF SALARY FOR ELECTRICITY AND TRAMWAY OFFICIALS. The committee recommended that the salary of Mr. Telfer, tramways manager, be increased from £l3O to £l5O per annum-, that the salary of Mr. F. W. Purse, assistant electrical engineer, be increased from £156 to £l7O per annum; and that the salary of Mr. W. E. Rogers, mains engineer, be increased from £l3O to £l4O per RRIAHR. Councillor P. Pitscocrt moved an amendment that the proposed increase of Mr. Telfer's salary be referred back. He pointed out that as regarded the tramways department there would have been a deficit if the committee had not cut down expenses by discharging a large number of men. In the electricity depart- ment the use of mechanical stokers and the arrangement with the Sanitary Works Committee accounted for a large saving. He did not therefore think the officials could claim credit for the profit which had been made. A resolution to increase the salaries was brought forward at the February meeting and defeated and he did not think the Council should be pestered with the matter until twelvemonths had elapsed. He did not think the committee had any money to spare, but if they had they might give the train drivers and conductors the extra quarter time on Sunday whieh they had asked for. Councillor`EyaNs seconded. Councillor ASHCROFT said Mr. Telfer had an increase of £lO quite recently, and he did not see why another should he asked for. Councillor Loan said Mr. Telfer was engaged at a salary of £l2O to increase by annual increments of .210 to a maximum of £l5O. It was now proposed to give him the maximum,. and he (Councillor Lord) did not . . . .

Councillor WrrAussoN : These advances of salary are only what they would be entitled to in a private firm.

The voting was as follows For the amendment :—Councillors Evans, Barton, Benson, Lord, Pemberton, Wright, A. Peacock and P. Peacock-8. _

Against :—The Mayor, Aldermen Fairclough, Smethurst, Evans, Hutchinson, Francomb, Tinnion, Councillors Roberts, Wilkinson, Magian, Dr. Joseph, Fulton-Smith, Sankey, Ashcroft, Clegu, Ellison-16. The increases were therefore allowed. THE QUESTION OF DEPRECIATION.

Alderman EVANS said that regarding the saving the Electricity and Tramways Committee had effected as the result of their new arrangement with the Sanitary Committee, as shown in their annual report, he might say that the Sanitary Committee had had to put down in their estimate £6OO as extra cost to them under the arrangement.. Alderman SMETHURST : Well, the Tramways Com- mittee have been paying in the past something like £6OO a year more than they ought to have done. (Cries of "Oh, no.") As there appeared to be considerable doubt as to the amount of depreciation end reserve setaside by electric supply undertakings, the Engineer had prepared a statement showing the percentage of depreciation and reserve of some 15 metropolitan companies and 42 pro- vincial electric companies. The aggregate capital of those companies was £16,195,401 and the average amount set aside for depreciation and reserve was at the rate of 14 per cent. The amount set aside for sinking fund and reserve by the Warrington. Electricity Dep‘rtmentilast year was equal to 3 per cent. The MAYOR said the Town Clerk had informed him that the Corporation had not power to set aside money for depreciation but only to keep a reserve fund. Alderman SMETHURST pointed out that during the year over £BOO had been spent in repairs on the tramways and over £BOO at the electrichl works. The minutes were confirmed.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
rew in-o into a centre pocket.—Br .-.ct ball it can be

ght ro, re pocket.

Lgain to•

Diagram 111 shows another centre pocket screw in-off, and in this case there is not the option of a top pocket in-off.. Owing also to the object loan being so much above the pocket, the in-off cannot be played like the one shown on Diagram 110 (given last week), and the position is con- sequently not nearly so good. By getting well on to the object ball, however, this ball may be driven right round the table and back to the *entre pocket again, more or •less as shown by the intersected line on the diagram. Of course the strength of the stroke has to be pretty well judged, but even on a fast table a very strong stroke is necessary to bring the ball into good position again, for besides having to travel a long distance it has to strike four cushions and each contact with a cushion naturally takes a rot of pace out of the ball. On a slow table, only a very powerful stroke can drive the object nal) right round the table as shown on the diagram.

AGRAM I

===== 0002601_19050610_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Position A, a screw-back cannon from th, (player being in hand). -Position B a screw-ba, cannon bringing the object ball bask from tht angle of the centre pocket. —Measurements at B, red ball 27 inches from the side cushion and touch. ing or nearly touching the top cushion. Object white 181 inches from the top cushion and 324 inches from the side cushion. Cue ball 124 inches from the top cushion and a inches from the side cushion.

Diagram 112 shows two very useful screw-back eannons. In position A the player is in hand,. and a cannon off the side cushion is not an easy stroke to judge. The direct screw cannon is a better stroke to play, provided that the player has good screwing powers. This stroke, how- ever, requires playing carefully, as the striker is somewhat handicapped by having to play over the red ball. When the cannon is made, the red, will generally be left in good position for a pot ar. an in-off, and often .either stroke maybe on.

The stroke shown at B on Diagram 112 would be just an ordinary screw-back cannon were it not for the fact that the object white is kept at tho top of the table by means of a rebound from the lower angle of the centre pocket. Such a stroke if; not nearly as uncommon as many players might imagine, and is a well-known stroke with professionals and good amateurs. The shot is not by any means difficult, as the strength of the stroke prevents the object white front entering the pocket even when it strikes the angle inside the fall of the slate. In fact, if the pocket be a standard one, it is almost impossible to pot the ball at this angle with a strong stroke. With the balls in the exact position shown on the diagram the rebound from the centre pocket is quite easily on; n fact, it can hardly be pre- vented except by missing the cannon; but some- times the position is such that the white has to be taken a shade fuller or finer as the case may be; to cause it to catch the angle and rebound tip the table. In order, however, to allow of any latitude in the manner of catching the white, the Ned must be gloss at hand.

'A screw-back cannee with the rest.—Cue ball on the centre spot, • eight inches above the cue ball ar intral line of the table. Object wl .6 inches below the cue ball and 21 ni Are right, of the other balls. (The use of the rest would also be required to screw-back from the white ball).

T.," all the s'crew strokes so far described in this iihapter the.player can get at the elle ball quite easily. Positions, however, often occur when the only stroke at ail on is a screw canno4,, but the cue ball 4 out of reach except with thetest. __Many nlaYers who can screw well enough in

DIAGRAM 113. . .....„ _. f , , a I I' )• a 1 i . 1 k!I L ~, 1 v ,1/4...„,.......)....._. , , ~. 1

red ball six ot id also on the e 4 lite, six or eigl' ,tlR.s to ".

===== 0002601_19050610_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
DIAGRAM 111.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
At the beginning of this chapter I referred to some very big screws which have been made by, a few players. It has often been a disputed - question as to whether anyone has ever beeu , able to screw back into baulk from the red on the spot, playing from the D. Dudley Ponti- fex, of Middlesex County cricket fame, / in a. chapter in the Badminton book on Bil- liards mentions the fact that an undergraduate at Cambridge performed this wonderful stroke on many occasions. W. J. Peall, the celebrated spot-stroke player and holder of the record al' in break, viz.. 3,304, on one occasion also had the satisfaction of accomplishing this tremell— dous screw. I have a letter from him in which ' referring to this stroke, he says that though ims ol ten strewed back into battik from a ball placed midway between the pyramid and billiard spots, he has only once succeeded in doing this with the red on the billiard spot. Many players contend that the stroke must be impossible except with balls of uneqUal weight,' but sach pinyers fall into the error of consider- , ing that anything that cannot be done by them- • s*lv.7.:; or by anybody they know must be /Da; •• possible. Even before. I learned that Peall had accomplished it, I felt certain that the stroke was just possible. I know more than one area' 51 teur who has often screwed back into baulk from). r(- a. ixl.ll on the pyramid spot. When making these trials the two white balls were always alters- ateiy used as cue and object balls, and as the stroke was made with either ball as the co 6 ball, the question of the weight of the ball not affect the stroke. When the attempt Wag niodz to screw back into baulk from a ball on the ' emot, it did not meet with success, neverthelese the cue ball, time after time, came back two er • three feet, and more than once as far as .the centre pockets, quite far enough to convince anyone that the stroke could not be absolute impossible. Even a slight difference in the weight of the balls would not affect the stroke very much. If. the white ball were only about half the Wel glib 6 of the red, the stroke might be quite easy, for the cue ball would then literally bounce back fren the object ball, but when the difference in Weigo' only amounts to a few grains—and this as e - much as would ever exist between any two bah. • out of a set in ordinary use—the screw-back is,t,,g baulk cannot be much less difficult. Here it coill_t not be a question of the lighter ball bounei" back from the heavier one. In order for the rag ball to come back, it would have to be rotatiog very strongly at the moment of contact with thte red. If this strong retrograde rotation were la° there the ball could not come back. How te, ribly difficult the stroke is, may be proved ,0 trying to screw back three or four inches (mill from the red on the spot, Not. One player ill thousand can do this.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
DIAGRAM 11,

pi• Two very difficult fancy strokes, slow.scre'',,xe offs keeping the red out of baulk.—The top stroke is impossible on very fast tables. 10 centre pocket stroke is possible on amy table, is extremely difficult on very fast tables. 1° Another extremely difficult stroke ie to '°'e into- a corner pocket from the red on the el2d (playing from the D) rfithout bringing tilelio„ into baulk. (The red ball must not, of ecid catch any centre pocket angle.) This strolreost I believe, absolutely impo,4slble on veil 01 tables, but it has been accomplished 0050 times on slow to medium-pace tables. Of the nature is a screw into a centre pocket, frolli jar red on the centre spot (playing from the D) I** out bringing the red into baulk. 'This toe however, deco, not present anything like rej difficulty of the previous one, for, firetlY,the has a much greater distance to travel bel°'; to reaches the baulk line; and, secondly, owinetile the cue ball being so much nearer the red' oot screw or reverse rotation imparted to it doe°bee- suffer exhaustion to the same extent a 9 'pOt• playing for the top pocket off the red on the, 6030 Also the distance from the centre spot Taot Centre pocket is less than from the billiawor to the corner pocket, and this is a not ullintie tant factor, for in successful strokes theAgeto ball always travels very slowly to the Pa" generally only just reaching it. d the This centre pocket screw, without bringill' tib red into baulk, is possible on any table, bliltoe, an extremely difficult stroke on a very fast„tfecal and even on. a medium-pace table is al ,icrel enough. On slow . tables, however, this „cod screw should present little difficulty to allY ; playe'r; in fact, on a slow• table the stroko the be made even if the cue ball be spotted 011„00

6t1,15e,

centre of the D line, instead of at the e:

end of the D. In playing any of these big serewe, the b,itrit the cue should ho elevated just a little,ti I° -fa •

this means a greater amount of reverse renof can be imparted to the One ball. Positia'ftel) big screws which are not fancy strokes, 00tic1, occur during the course of a game, and., wit° strokes will be found lees difficult if playe" a slightly uplifted cue. loYefi In playing screw strokes of any kind it Pse 0- shohld never omit chalking his. cue. The °e w chalk is especially necessary when screwirg plenty of side. Without this precaution cues will constantly be made. (END OF THE SECOND SERIES)*

Vol. I. of "Billiards: The Strokso C/if Game." 100 illustrations. By RISO now ready, le. net.

Mr. Rio Levi will be pleased to answe the these columns all questions relative article appearing weekly, and as far its.Pwi,.,,,t7 any questions on other points in connectOj the game of Billiards. Envelopes sh°ll marked "

'ag JOHN BURNS, POLICE I,N. scerld'der When Mr. John Borns was returning frorn the. of Mr..). W. Benn's daughter, he was asked Ig'; driTo assistance to a woman. He found that she The l' and held her while a policeman was hronghtt trti°llo. violently resented this, and asked Mr. B"crled 3° was. "I'm a plain clothes policeman," re° Yesterday she was fined for the offence.

PUNKS= E RIENDS' SCHOOL V. " rele r, u it D AN."—Played on Saturday. Score sla Friends' School, 73 (Proud 27, Brown 15, 1\ I"- "Warrington Guardian," 16.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
BY THE CLUBMAN.

Cycle Camping.

It is now six years since Mr. T. H. Holding Published a brightly written and remarkable little book, entitled Cycle and Camp,' in which he described his practical experiences of portable Cycle camping. To-day, as a result of Mr. Holding's effort, and his subsequent exertions, we have the Cycle Campers' Association, a body boasting 200 Members, which holds several organized Portable cycle camps every year.

What is cycle camping? In two words, scientc savagery. By its aid it is possible, as has been demonstrated by Mr. Holding and several of his followers, for a couple of cyclists to tour in almost any part of the British Islands, independent of the existence or otherwise of hotels, and to fare well at an expenditure of about 15s. a week per person. The . entire equipment for two persons, including -tent, • Cooking appliances, Sc.c., weighs 14 lb., which, of course, is divided between the two bicycles. The initial cost of a cycle-camping outfit for two persons is about lbs., yet, strange to say, there . is not at present any firm from which it can be Procured complete. The various articles have to be made, or purchased from various sources. Needless to say, cycle camping cannot be carried out without a considerable amounti of work inseparable from camping existence; but the Pastime confers on its votaries an independence which is not without its charm. The results that are obtainable from the phenomenally light and . compact equipment Mr. Holding has evolved, are • calculated to surprise those who have never studied the subject. For example, the writer was recently at a dinner whe4 Mr. Holding was invited to exhibit his latest chtf-rtreuvre in tent construction. The tent, made of Japanese silk, weighed 11 oz., and, together with its lines and pegs, when rolled up, was easily concealed in the pocket of a dress coat. The necessary poles, telescoped into a stout- looking walking-stick, weighing under a pound In the course of a few minutes the structure was pitched, and two full-sized men introduced them- selves beneath its shelter. Of course, a waterproof ground sheet is used, and pillows, &c., provided. Ordinarily, these tents are made of lawn, and- weight about 2 lb. Aword, in conclusion, about the pioneer of cycle camping may shed a light on bow he came to elaborate his remarkable scheme. The President . of the Cycle Campers' Association, now well over fifty years of age, commencf,kl camping on the Prairies of America when nine years old. In the sixties he became an enthusiastic canoeist, and commenced his practical experience of portable camping. Catching the cycle fever later, Mr. Holding, in 1875, originated the proposal which led to the 'foundation of the Cyclists' rouring Club. When the advent of the safety and the pneumatic tyre rendered the plan feasible, Mr. Holding applied his store of knowledge to cycle camping, with the : Practical and gratifying results already cited.

• 710 111,4\ AL% tik NNW: kRII. V 7 10

• ~:0' ,•• h - :--N- ~• ,•-• - -tii.- N', - ',•- . - - --*--4,- ..,\. ^k,,, , i' ••4:',. '''', 4,. • C.:-•Zt;,* -4, ;‘,,' -- ~,_,,,,,•,;-: , .. ~. 4'. .0, ''' '."-'. 140.0„ -'''''?,e- ~-. •• :'; • .'.• '''',.- ' ' • •:_. _. •.r r • 41'.4,WPg, l'''. -ii.--,..y, _;.,-.. At ~:',l, • :=,--- ~, Wt. Jr' v *-- l, -4, ‘-'4, ' 1 ‘li •

===== 0002601_19050610_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Long-distance Riding.

A long-distance ride is a vague description of an . effort which may be expected to tax the strength of the cyclist undertaking it. Thus to A, whose spins rarely exceed fifty miles, a century may fairly ) be styled a long-distance performance, demanding as much effort to successfully accomplish as a jaunt Z. of 200 miles undertaken by 13, whose week-end mileage often runs in'to three figures. The slightest reflection will suggest to the expe- rienced cyclist the importance of starting fora long ride on a sound, light machine, fitted with a saddle ): known to be comfortable. The precaution should .. be observed of examining the tyres, and the comfort of the rider's dress may be increased by wearing eav shoes, cellular shirt, and a light cap. No forcing of the pace at the Start should be indulged in at the expense of undue effort, or a corresponding fit of the slows will be the consequence. 3, As a long-distance ride will necessarily take the cyclist over country of extremely varied character, , the cycle should, of course, be equipped for easily ' surmounting all difficulties.. If one of the well- known coaster hubs, like the New Departure, the Radie boaster Hub, or the Cr. & H. Coaster Hub, is built into the cycle, there need only be fitted one rim-brake, and that on the frent rim, for emergency Purposes. If, however, the cycle is of the two- speed variety, fitted with a Hub Two-Speed Gear or a Fagan Two-Speed Hub for easy hill climbing, then the rider should look to it that he has a brake on both front and back wheels, and the Bowden or Vim varieties are quite impossible to beat. Most important of all, however, is the manage- ment of the rider's feeding. Food must be taken frequently and in small quantities.. On no account Should a heavy meal be indulged in until after the finish of the daY's ride. If an unusually early start be made, it will be necessary for the rider to carry such refreshment as he may need until the ordinary houses shall be open. For example; the following is an outline of the feeding, which experience has proved to be best, in the case of a hundred miles ride carried out by ordinary club men: Before the start, take the ordi- nary breakfast; after twenty-five miles, a drink of ginger-beer or soda-and-milk, with piece of cake or clry biscuits; atforty-three miles, a similar drink; at fifty-six miles, lunch—a light but satisfying meal Of cold meat, salad, milk-pudding, and stewed fruit, With a cool drink of limejnice-and-soda or bock- and-socla ; at seventy miles, a cup of tea and slice or two of bread-and-butter; at ninety miles, tea, . with boiled eggs. lettuce, Bz.e. ; the remaining dis- tance to be ridden without a stop. ' ' Although to the inexperienced the number of stops for refreshment may appear excessive and Wasteful of .thne, it must be borne in mind that these halts serve to break up the ride into sections of lengths quite familiar to the rider, while the refreshment staves off the collapse liable to occur as the day wears on about three hours after a meal. Much of the distress experienced on long journeys la due to want of nourishment, for the appetite fre- quently fails to warn the rider of his bodily needs Until exhaustion has ippeared.

Leaky Valves Whether a cycle is in constant use or not, it is tlcsirable that the tyre valve-rubbers should be ezmnined every few`months. If there be any sign wear at the shoulder of the movable spindle or Plug, the rubber should be removed and a new one "Illastituted. This precaution will not only save trouble from leaky valves, but will keep the. valves in efficient working order should it be necessary to effate a tyre when repairing a puncture. Nothing 's More annoying than to have a valve-stem stick when engaged in a roadside repair, as, is often the ease if the rubber has perished. In the effort to Withdraw the plug, the ,rubber sleeve, when old, is inclined to adhere to fife body of the valve. and 'is

10 BARGAIN BUYERS.

F'

1" NEW RAPID CYCLE Co., Lo., 165, 15,6,?“, 11" r X1:4,0,10g ; 164 a, Sayan Slatare Road. London, 5; and 32, Ilhandwlnk Place, ildfaburgh.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW RAPID CYCLES

'mole tQ tear. As the efficiency ot the vhlve is dependent on the proper action of the sleeve, attention to this detail may avert much trouble. Do not depend on the contents of your repair outfit for these periodic renewals, but provide yourself with a foot of valve-rubber, which can be cut up as required.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
A Club Gazette.

For many years past the vocabulary of the cycling public has been widened and enriched by that lively club organ, "The Bath Road News.' The contributors to its pages include, perhaps, the hardest riders who also wield a pen. Their breezy narratives of adventures on the road abound with stories of "passing it through" those whom they encounter awheel, while "acid eating" describes the suffering they endure in their self-imposed taslts. A bicycle becomes a "speed iron" or a "crock." An impromptu speed struggle is a "scrap," and a " snag " refers to any obstruction or hindrance met with when in full career. Speedy opponents are "hot stuff," while a worn out rider wears a " knackered " appearance. Ablutions before a meal are tersely styled a "swab." Selections from the lurid phraseology ' of the Bath Roaders from time to time find their way into the public journals of the pastime, and thus become current amongst enthusiasts of the wheel outside the famous club

===== 0002601_19050610_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

DEATH OF A WIDNES MEDICAL OFFICFR.

Dr. Urquhart M`Lennan, medical officer of health for the borough of Widnes, passed peacefully away at his residence, Highfleld-road, Widnes, at a quarter ter eleven on Sunday morning. The deceased gentleman had been ailing for a long time past, and it was only a month ago that he received a comforting welcome from the members of the Council upon the resumption of his duties, although far from convalescent. On Monday be was present at the opening of the transporter bridge. On Friday the deceased gentleman took to his bed after Monday's strain upon his constitution. He leaves a widow and family and a wide circle of friends to mourn his loss. The late Dr. M'Lennan started busi- ness about twenty-five years ago in Widnes, and fbr the last ten years has been the town's medical adviser. It has been due to his assiduous attention to duty that the borough of Widnes attained the splendid distinction of being one of the healthiest towns in the kingdom.

AN ECHO OF THE TEST MATCH.

Very great interest has been excited in Liverpool by the test match and as usual the scores have been exhibited outside Mr. Frank Sugg's the old Lancashire County Batsman, Athletic Outfitting Establishment in Lord-street. Repeatedly during past years the police have taken proceedings against Mr. Sugg for causing a crowd to assemble. The summonses have been treated by the different magistrates in different ways. The stipendnry on one occasion adjourned tho case sine die, expressing the opinion that the telegrams were a convenience to public and that no one ought to complain if momentarily their path was obstructed. Last year however, the magistrates convicted in one instance and inflicted a nominal fine on the grounds that the telegrams were exhibited ohtside the building line and therefore on the thoroughfare, and on that occasion though the magistrates were invited to express an opinion, they declined to say whether or not they would convict, even supposing the telegtams had been inside the window. _ _

Two summonses were issued last week,one against Mr. Frank Sugg and one against Mr. Bailey, manager. The defendants argued that as the numbers were given in a large form within the building line on the second floor, they were not legally responsible for the crowds that assembled. A considerable discussion took place between the prosecuting solicitor, the bench, and Mr Sanders the chief clerk. The police evidence was to the effect that the Tramway was obstructed as well as the footpath, though the police admitted that the rest of the tradesmen in Lord street with a commendable sporting instinct refused to give any evidence of incon- venience or obstryction. The magistrates dismissed both summonses though at the request of the prosecu- ting solicitor, they agreed to state a case for appeal. Mr. Sanders the Magistrates' clerk held that the Bench had no jurisdiction and that the defendant could, if the police saw fit, be indicted at the Assizes. The prose- cuting solicitor said this step would be taken if necessary.

TRUSSRS.—The new Water Pad Trues, never gets Hard.— The new Washable W.derproof Truss Is alwi a clean. cools and comfortable.—The Triangular Fluid Pad Truss It effectual In rroet difficult cases. Trellises of every known clescri ption.—WH [TIC tit WRIGHT, Surgical Instrament and Artificial Limb Makers, 98, Renshaw at., Liverpool. (Advt 2)

SCIENCE NOTES AND

===== 0002601_19050610_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
GLE ANINGS.

PROF lISSOR RUTHERFORD, F.R.S., has found by ex-peritnent that the heating effect of radium is largely, due to the bombardment of the alpha particles expelled from its mass.

Mn. BosiomEn, of the Australian telegraph service, has traced small perforations in the lead covering of aerial telephone cables to the larvie of the Bostrycus jesuitica, a little black insect, and to the Zylopertha, a common insect in Australia.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
A HEAVY RAINFALL.

The heaviest rainfall of *lion duration ever recorded accurately is said to have occurred at Santiago de Cuba. An English engineer found the rate to be more than four inches an hour, and between seven and ten o'clock in the evening a total fall of more than a foot was registered by the gauge. The storm covered nearly 300 square miles, in places being even heavier than at the point where the measurement was made.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
LF,CCITE.

Leucite is a felspar geologically, and a double silicate of alumina and potash chemically, found certain lavas, notably of Vesuvius and the Roman Campagna, where its grey geometrical crystals attract attention. The Societa Romana Solfati of Rome collects leucite between Frascati and Albano, and between Rome and Naples, to manufacture alum from it. Other magnetic minerals found with it are removed by electro- magnets. Sulphuric' acid applied to the leucite yields alum, but in order to purify it the crude alum is dissolved and crystallised.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTRICITY FOR FRACTURES.

An Italian scientist, Francesco Blasi, has been experimenting on the influence of various electric currents on the knitting of bones. The action of 'galvanic, static, and faradic currents was tried on fractured bones of rabbits. Although all the currents showed some beneficial effects, the galvanic current was by all means the most effective; the swelling was quickly reduced, and the union of the bone hastened. After the helpful action of galvanic current had been demonstrated on rabbits, their influence was tried on man. The same beneficial results were obtained. In one case where the bone had refused to knit for over a month galvanism was applied, and in three weeks the fracture was cured. In cases treated by galvanism there is a noticeable lessening of the usual atrophy and inability to use the part after the removal of the splint.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OBJECTION TO SEA SPRAY.

The spray of the sea which so many delight to find blowing in their faces may not be the health- bringing agent generally imagined. A foreign correspondent of the Lancet, M. Busquet, has been studying the part which such spray can play in the transmission of disease. It can be carried inland at least for 50 metres, and it also is carried high into the air, so that it will fill with mist houses which are close to the water's edge. On the sea front of one place investigated, where numerous sewers discharge, given a strong wind with thick spray, the usual number of germs in the air is trebled. With a gale blowing the proportion of germs is increased in a still higher ratio, and virulent bacilli coil have been found. These researches sliew the necessity for the protection of shores from pollution by sewage, and incidentally destroy yet another of our ideals.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HUDSON RIVER CANYON.

Investigations of the sea bottom of the Atlantic at distances of a hundred miles and more off New York harbour have shewn that part of the old bed of the Hudson—now submerged—was at the bottom of a great canyon. At one period in the geological history of the American continent the eastern coast was some 9,000 ft. higher than now, and in conse- quence the Atlantic Ocean was many miles from the present site of New York. The Hudson River on its way to the sea appears to have had for a part of the way a canyon at least 3,8001 t. deep, and with a width of less than two miles. The soundings have not been carried out systematically enough as yet to enable geologists to map all of the topographical features of this ancient river bed, but it is known that nearer its mouth the. canyon spread ont into a widening valley which probably ran down to the sea.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
COLD WATER AND POISON.

In connection with the subject of water, there is one peculiar property of that liquid with which everyone should be made acquainted, and that is its capacity for absorbing impurities, which increases proportionately the colder it gets. Hence, water that has stood in an insufficiently ventilated sleeping, chamber all night is not only unpleasant, but positively injurious to drink, since it readily absorbs the poisonous gases given off by respiration and the action of the skin. An ordinary pitcher of water, under such conditions, at a tqmperature of 60deg., will be found to have absorbed during the night from a pint to a pint and a half of carbonic acid gas, and an increasa of ammonia. Ice water is an objectionable drink at all times, but if it is indulged in the vessel con- taining it should never be left uncovered in sleep- ing or sitting-rooms, because at freezing-point its capacity for absorbing these deleterious substances is nearly doubled.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WEIGHT OF CROWDS.

In "Molesworth's Pocket-Book" we find it stated that, for rough calculations of the loads on bridges, 1201 b. per square foot may be taken for the weight of a crowd of people; while in "Traut- wine's Pocket-Book we are told that a suspension bridge should not have a factor of safety of less than three against a load of people, whose weight is taken at 100 lb. per square foot, which includes an allowance for wind, and for the crowd being in motion. Many years ago, the engineers of the Chelsea Bridge had a number of picked men placed on the table of a weighing machine, and packed together as closely as possible. It was then found that a load on the table of 841 b. per square foot was produced. Professor L. J. Johnson, of Harvard University, has shewn, however, says Enyineering, that under certain conditions it is possible to obtain much higher figures than those we have mentioned, for, he has carried out experiments which shew that a loading of 150Ib. to 160Ib. per square foot may be produced by the weight of an assembled group of persons without undue crowd- ing; and ,later experiments on similar lines shewed that with a maximum condition of loading, or one in which forty picked men were placed on an area of 36 square feet, a load of 181.31 b. per square foot was obtained. This is, of course, an extreme figure, and could only be obtained with picked men; and Professor Johnson states that they were all tall and carefully selected. The men all faced in one direction, a position which favours close packing; but it is a condition of things that might easily occur naturally in a crowd.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
KILLING INSECTS BY ELECTRICITY.

If criminals and other undesirables are killed by the aid of electricity, it should also be possible, according to the Electrical Magazine, to mete out a like fate to all those insects which, to the annoy- ance and loss of the farmer, take up their abode in the upper strata of the subsoil. Though, perhaps, no one will deny the theoretical possibility of electrocuting a beetle or grasshopper, still, perhaps, he will wonder why electricians have not already joined hands with the farmer for putting this valuable ally in his possession. The bodies of insects, and especially of crustaceans, present, relatively speaking, a high electrical resistance, and wet earth is a good conductor of electricity. It is thus obvious that a current of electricity, directed into damp soil, will do but little harm to insects dwelling therein. Mr. Helberger, engineer, of Monaco. on working in an open field with electrical machinery, found, on sinking into the ground metal rods connected to a 110-volt dynamo, that all the insects came out into the open air almost directly the current had been passed through the earth. In other experi- ments an ordinary dynamo is mounted on a stout truck, and is driven by gearing from the wheels of the vehicle itself, so that it does not generate electricity unless the vehicle is in motion. The current generated is conducted to earth by the metal wheels on the one side and on the other to a series of copper-tipped brushes mounted on the rear portion of the cart, and so disposed as to keep their tips a few inches from the surface of the soil without coming into contact with it. Between the electrified earth and the brushes a continuous shower ldiksparks took place, which caused all the unfortunate inhabitants of the upper strata of the earth to meet with as instantaneous a death as if they had been struck by lightning. It will be nhvious that if the treatment tie sufhcientiv intense the insects must be utterly aestroyed, but that the =aunt of current necessary to effect the operation would probably be so high with this systera as to render it hardly economical.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
CORNWALL

‘ifook

This, 3d. ed.& v.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
he BEST £5 Keyless Watch, is

===== 0002601_19050610_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
BENSON'S

To Sell Your Property

or Business for Cash?

===== 0002601_19050610_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
TIRED MEN.

When you are tired of taking mysterious preecriptions,an weary of wearing 111.vtrIl Belts, write tome, and I will 580.' you a Book, which shows how every man, young and (di, may re quickly and thoroughly cured of NMI% OUbta? lit HAI 61:10S, VARjOIaIJILB, and DICBILITY, from any mute whatever. WITHOG STI,IIIaCH fdliDlCiN.', 0c eV. Hundred, of cur,. Book sent sealed,post fr.e, for two starnns.—A. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93,Great liusseil St., London, W.G. Over seventeen years' successful results.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
SICK-HEADACHE,

INDIGESTION,

I

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE. I) F

'GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY

EADE'S PILLS.

"QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS!!" Mona Cottages, Coalville, Leicestershire, June 4th, 1904. Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two months ago and tried almost everything, but got no better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that AFTER TARING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs Beings miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I recommend them td' everybody myself. Yours gratefully, JAMES WRIGHT. -

EADE'S GOUT PILLS

Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminatt-i all In- jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is lici and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE BADE, 232, Goswell road, London. ---- HETTIvr m"--

EUMATIC PILLS.

-gRw

1

===== 0002601_19050610_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
LOSS OF APPETITE,

CONSTIPATION.

Lil Sold everywhere in boxes,

TO .

MONEY.

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

_ tinglish a,14:1 Foreign Picture Frames. ISrery requisite for the traae. Reeding t Speciality. Largest of ttlouings In the Kin2,l•lm. t"enri for P ealN LLMK. 161 ptges. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. - - -

imeosrlot oI GLAss. GLASS STOCK LISTS FRISH ON APPLIOATIONL

H. MORELL, 17 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, 810 DMSBURY, LONDON, W.C. Warehouses : 11, 12 and 13. Rears Yard, and 41, Peal Street. (in the rear). Telegraphic) Address: —.• Rabbitry, 1 ondon." Telephone 4135 ()entre)

pLACARDS. EXTRA LARGE SIZ it OUR, speciality.

TRADE PRINTISG of every description.

POSTHRS A SPBOIALIM JOHN WALKER &

pRICK LIU'S Printed on card or paper 111U90 rated, if required.

ELEPHONE NO. 355 Y.

FETES,

3 EA PAtt TIES

SERMONS EET INUS &c.,

===== 0002601_19050610_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIALLY SUITABLE FOI

I_--1111-1...----

===== 0002601_19050610_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMMES

CONCERTS

SOIREES BALLS

BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULICES, JOHN WALKER & Co.

RULES PRINTKD and BOUND for Odd fellows Foresters, Druids, Shepherd.' Bick, Burials and Trnde tocieties.

MEMORANDA AND ARTICLES OF ASSuCIATION TRUsT DIMDs AND HA lib CRItTIFICATrIS

FII•CUTED AT MORT NoTICEOI.--- VRPOttT, AND 13 A LANCt4-SHRSTS, PAMPHI.RTS, TRAUB CA rALO6I.IINS. AND OWNINIIAL PRINTING OF )tYbR IXCRIPTION AT JOHN WALKER &

LXAMINBIL OFFICB,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ALL KINDS OF NRAT

CIRCULARS in the neatest style, from morltio type, and of the beet workmanship.

ANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

lITMN TAPP;RS for SThnols, Sermons, ervices r•nng. Festival,. ,te

p HOG RA M Int H.ntertainro.r.ts, Concertp, &c . in the latett nrtletto otyle.

_ SICK' ECRIPT. and IitIBSCRIP lON BOOKS Pkin ted. Bound, Numbered RD d Perforated to order.

r;ATALOGUE3 for Public and Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

it - INVOICES. Haled or Plain, printrd to any size or toterm on h'ue, white, or Piney paper.

S. PECIAL facilities for all kinds of NDUCATIONAL WORKS.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
LEVERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases sent their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. •

===== 0002601_19050610_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
The English Sunday Closing Bill.

Sir,—lt is remarkable to note the numberless varia- tions of opinions and ideas expressed on any stihject by various people at different times. Of course it is not quite so remarkable when all the facts are considered, nevertheless it would be extremely interesting to watch, if we could,the operations of the mind, with the external influences acting upon it, when and while cer- tain conclusions are being arrived at on a fixed question Why is it we come to hold such opinions, why is it that certain evidences lead one person to one conclusion and another person to an entirely opposite one ?Why do some people believe in the existence of God and hold it quite logical and rational to so believe. Yet others prob- ably quite as sane cannot for the life of them see how such a belief can be logically entertained. And o with myself—l cannot possibly comprehend how "Tone "links God with the Sunday closing bill in the manner that he does. Such languageas this for instance —"whenever any attempt is made in Parliament to up- hold the honour of God"—is really absurd and extremely loose. When my friend wrote down the word " God ' had he any adequate idea of what he meant, did he mean anything at all, or was it merely a catch word used because popular, but to which only a vague and rusty meaning attaches. But to speak of the "honour of God" is, without doubt, amusing. What conception has our friend of the honour of God? Honour as applied to God is ridiculous. There can really be no question of honour where an omnipotent God is concerned. Verily it has come to a pretty pass when God's honour has to be upheld and defended and the very reason for it, as far as I can see, is the fact that "lona' evidently thinks God has planned certain things to happen but, somehow or other, matters have gone wrong and sin has entered into the world audit is there- fore necessary to argue that God not having originally in His scheme of things placed sin in the catalogue of events we must not now dishonour Him by ascribing evil as one of His productions. God is not responsible for and is not the author inanyshaee or form of certain acts and events that have occurred in this world—this is what "Ions" would say I presume.To say that he is the author is to dishonour' Him—is this "Cona's " meaning? It appears to me that some people know more about God than God knows about Himself. We ape Jr of the laws of God as though we had helped God to make them at some specially convened committee meeting, or as though some text book existed wherein is set in black and white all the laws of the universe. My frieud may know a lot about God and His Will; he may think he does, but for my part God is so far removed from the bricks and morta4and such like of this world that He appears not to exit, and until I can claim a minister's acquaintance with God and His wonderful ways, I must remain spiritually blind, and beg a fewoppers of grace from more richly endowed brethren. To say that God is not responsible is a grave statement. Is there any- thing a God cannot be responsible for? And then my friend speaks of Mr. Balfour in connection with his laxity in not reminding his hearers in Parlia- ment that there is a law of God read in the churches every Sunday which prohibits work of all kinds from being done on the seventh day. Now Mr Balfour is not troubled with any great belief in God at all, and certaialy Mr. Balfour does not believe in the rubbish concerning the law of God and the seventh day. Mr. Balfour, like other sensible people, wants to know when and where did God make such a law, and how do we know that He did make a law at all ? And what a lot of fuss some Christians make over the drink question. The soul is not physical, why then should beer which only has physical results injure it in any way. What is there in beer that has such a power- ful influence in the soul of man. It seems rather strange that the soul of man should be so mightily dis- turbed by mere liquor. Restriction of man's liberty is no remedy of the drink question. While things are as they are men and women will drink. It is sad, perhaps, but nevertheless true. When man's soul and his God are dispensed with and common sense begins to appear then will i be time to talk of effectively solving the drink problem.— Tours &c,

"ORTHODOX."

Mr. Chamberlain at St. Helens. Attack on Labour Representatives. Sir,—ln reading the reports of Mr. Chamberlain's speeches in St. Helens, and especially that portion in which he refers to the Labour Representatives, one be- comes more than ever convinced that Mr. Chamberlain is entirely out of touch with present day labour politics, or that he is feigning ignorance. With your kind permission I will here insert that portion of the report to which I refer, so that your readers may have an opportunity of becoming acquainted with Mr. Chamberlain's views of our representatives. He is reported to have said " I believe that I have behind me the mass of working people. (Hear, hear.) . . Oh, but,' it is said, 'have you considered the representatives of labour are against you ?' Who are the representatives of labour ? (Cheers.) Whom do you mean? Do you mean those who call themselves by that name and who sit in Parliament with the assist- ance of a political party, the men who are most excel- lent party politicians and very often very bad labour representatives? Did those men represent you at the time of the Boer War? No. Every man was against us, against the war. Every man desired we should have surrendered, given up our position in the world,lost the confidence of our colonies rather than continue the war. Did they represent you in regard to Home Rule? They represented some, no doubt. Did they represent you when the Compensation Act was before Parliament ? Can any of you tell me of one of them who gave me any assistance ? Did they represent you in regard to the Aliens Bill ? (No.) Well, what do they represent? (Cheers.) I appeal from them, if necessary. I do nots think, after all,they are so numerous as they themselve suppose—but I appeal from them to those who made them—to the great democracy of this country, who on all those points I have referred to were instinctively right, instinctively patriotic, instinctivly prudent and wise. (Cheers.)" Mr. Chamberlain must have a powerful imagination when he can believe the mass of the working people are behind him. Almost everything that has happened recently in political life points the contrary, and proves that the mass, or to be more accurate the large majority .of the working class is against his proposals. Certainly the mass of organized labour is against him. The Trades Union Congress, General Federation of Trades Unions, and the Labour Representation Committee.have at their annual Conferences, almost unanimously condemned his proposals. Not a single trade union, Trades Council, or Trades Council Federation of any standing, has ap- proved, by resolution, of Mr. Chamberlain's doctrine. In his speech he comdemns the Labour M.P.'s as "most excellent party politicians and very often very bad labour• representatives." One is bound to confess that! there is a good deal of truth in that statement, when applied to the section which is attached to the Liberal Party. These men however have done good work on behalf of Labour on very many occasions. The state- ment can in no way be applied to those members of Parliament who are associated with the Labour Repre- sentation Committee. Messrs. Crooks, Henderson, -Shackletoo, Heir Hardie, and others cannot by any stretch of imagination be truthfully called "party politicians before labour representatives." If Mr. Chamberlain has not yet learnt the difference between the two Labour forces at present in the House .of Commons, a most important part of his education ,has been neglected. A-Most significant fact, however, and one to which I invite your readers attention, is that both the old and the new school of Labour Representa- tives, are solidly united in their opposition to the proposed alterations in our fiscal system. The fact of this uunanimity against Mr. Chamberlain's proposals, may be the reason why be can see no difference between the two sections of the Labour movement. He condems the Labour Representatives because they opposed the South African War; they support Home Rule ; opposed the Alien's Bill, and gave him no assistance when the Compensation Act was before Parliament. If these acts of omission and commission are crimes in the eves of Mr. Chamberlain and his friends, the rank and file of the Labour movement think otherwise. We are proud of our opposition to the War, which,by the way,was to he a "Miners' War,"—a war which cost us £250,000,000 and :0,000 British lives, in which this country was swindled wholesale by many of the contractors, a war which made desolate two hitherto flourishing colonies. What for? To make it possible for the millionaires and their friends, to secure Chinese coolies and use them to " blackleg " the Katfirs, who refused to submit to the great reductions in wages which took place at the close of the war. We now gather from press reports that there is a great difficulty in securing Chinese laboer,and that the few which are being secured,are of the criminal class. One does not dare to imagine what South Africa will be like if this crime is permitted to conttaue. It is quite true our representatives supported Home _Rule for Ireland, and in doing so have our approval. No self-respecting Labour representatives could Le satisfied with the Compensation Act which leaves such a large number of working men out of its provisions, which does not provide for compensation for the first fortnight, and which is so difficult tc interpret that the class receiving the largest compensation under its pro- visions is the legal fraternity. Another question referred to by Mr. Chamberlain is the Aliens' Bill. We condemn it as a bogus attempt to deal with a question which is of very Little national importance. I don't think any Labour cepresentative would object to a Bill which would " prevent the immigration of diseased or "criminal" aliens. We strongly object however to any attempt to prevent an alien trade unionist or Socialist from taking refuge in this country from the oppression of a tyrannical Con- tinental monarch or Government. Will Mr. Chamber- -lain insert, or cause to be inserted, a clause in the Bill which would prevent workmen aliens being brought , here to take the places of men on strike, or locked out I and AISO to make it impossible for any alien workmen I

to be employed in this country at less than the Iritish trade union rates of wages? Mr. Chamberlain asks "Well, what do they repre- akt ?" they of course being the Labour representatives. If I may, as one of the rank and file, answer that ques- tion, my reply is, that the Labour Representatives repre- sent that new spirit which is growing in the Labour movement, and which will not be satisfied with our present system of Free Trade, nor the Retaliation or Protection proposed by the Balfour-Chamberlain com- pact. They represent a party which is not so much anxious for more emnloyment as for a more equal dis- tribution of the wealth created. They represent a party which desires security for Trade Union funds; old-age pensions ; a shorter workingday ; to remove the burden of landlordism ; the oppressive weight of mining rents ,and royalties ' - excessive railway rates; to provide work for the unemployed ; the demolition 'of slums; more equal system df taxation; a real national system of education, and other reforms. These will not be secured by folio wing Mr. Chariaberlain and his friends, who have "ever promised but never fulfilled." These reforms can be secured by building up a strong and united labour party, independent of both the great political parties, but willing to co-operate with, or oppose either, as cir- cumstances demand. 160, Battersby-lane, Warrington.

FRED STDTT.

'June 8, 1906..

===== 0002601_19050610_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED NEW SCHOOL FOR STOCKTON HEATH.

Parish Council Oppose the Scheme.

THE POSITION OF SCHOLARS FROM WARRINGTON.

I for making an improvement. They ought to ",go in the I The lack of adequate schooling accommodation in same purse wi h the other improvements.' A few Stockton Heath has for some considerable time occupied months ago the committee swallowed a camel in the the serious attention of the education authority, and, as shape of consenting to a loan of £20,500 being the we recently announced, the County Council propose to amount over-spent on the water scheme, and it appeared deal with the question by erecting a school available to him that because there was a library needed some for Stockton Heath, Walton Inferior and Latchford councillors wanted to jib and strain ana gnat of about Without, for the accommodation of 800 scholars. This £5,000. proposal does not meet with the approval of the Stockton The MAYOR: So far as lam concerned lam with Heath Parish Council who have decided to oppose the yo'. I don't believe in asking Mt. Carnegie. I would scheme, and have at the same time appointed a sub- , not ask him for a penny. committee to confer with the school managers with al Councillor WRIGHT : Which is the more honourable view to formulating an alternative scheme for meeting I course, for the Council to face their moral obligation the difficulty in regard to the over-crowding of the, and provide the necessary improvement in the usual present school. This decision was come to at a special course or to go hob-nobbing, lick-spitting and toadying meeting of the Council which was held on Thursday to a man whom I would personally have no hesitation evening and at which there were present, Messrs. J. W: in terming a blood-sweater? Bouchier (presiding), H. J. Westbrook, F. Pearson, J. The MAYOR: I don't go that far. Hallows, T. Williams, J. Whitley, J. H. Clarke, J. Fair- Councillor WRIGHT : I had •no brief from any hurst, F. Warburton, W. Mclntyre, S. F. Welsby and E. society or from any body of men, but what I Bradshaw (clerk). have said previously I say now through the The subject was introduced by the chairman who I dictates of my conscience, and that is the explained that immediately upon receipt of the notice I only mandate I hold, so that lam quite conscientious of the intention of the County Council he advised the: in the matter. I say that if the Council decides to clerk to call a special meeting of the Council approach Mr. Carnegie it will be a most undignified as the question was one which was very important position to take up for a county Borough and for an to the parish. It was important for many reasons, the important centre of ind.fstry like Warrington, which principal one being that the casrying out of the scheme has been described as being situated second to none in would add very materially to the rates. If that were England; it will be most undignified to go cap-in-hand the only question they would have no right to object . and expose our poverty. Being poor and seeming poor because they had had to provide accommodation for is the devil all over. the children to be, educated. They had schools in ex- Councillor WRIGHT : Unless Mr. Carnegie made an istence and the question was as to whether or not the exception with Warrington, the Library would have a new sehools which the County Council proposed were brass plate on it with a similar subscription to this : required. If they were not required there should be "Presented by Andrew Carnegie, Pittsburg, U.S.A." I further investigation and if any opposition was to be should say it would not be complete unless there was made the proposal must be considered as promptly as another across the top of the door with the images of possible. The existing school provided accommodation the gaunt spectres of misery and degradation which have for 627 scholars. On the books there were some 856 been caused by the accumulation of the money that paid children, some 200 of whom were at present accom- for it. modated in the Church Institute, as a temporary ex- The MAYOR: It is the principle we are on. Never pedient. One hundred and one of the scholars who mind all this. attended the Stockton Heath schools came from War- Councillor WRIGHT concluded by asking the Council rington, 98 from Walton Inferior and 11 from Latchford to imitate Spalding Council, which rejectedsthe idea of Without. In addition they had 87 infants under five a gift from Mr. Carnegie by practically two to one. years of age attending the school, they were probably Stratford-on-Avon Council also said" We will not have aware it was proposed that no great shouldiae given oar historical place defamed by a building put up at for children under five years of fine and as a consequence the expense of blood money." no child under that age would be allowed to go to Alderman FRASCOME : I don't think this is fair. school. In considering the question of a new school We don't know this is true. We have nothing to prove they had to have regard for the 87 infants, and if they it. took away that number and also took away the 210 Councillor WRIGHT : You prove it is not true, and children who came frem outside districts they had to I shall be satisfied. I wish you would mind your own provide for 559 -children. According to Mr. Rose the business. I should consider a building put up and paid present school would accommodate 627, but the Rev, for by the money of Andrew Carnegie a disgrace to a El. V. Pigot placed the figure at 643. At the first glance, race of Hottentots and Warrington is a bit above that. therefore, it would appear that they had sufficient Councillor Wrinht, continuing, asked the Council to accommodation. If they analysed the figures and saw stand on its dignity in the matter. where the pressure was, they would find that on the Councillor STOTV said they always rezarded with books they had 284 boys, 63 of whom come from War- respect a man who fulfilled his oblieations, and with rington and Walton, leaving 218 from the village to be disrespect the man who did not. The same could be provided for. There always was a percentage of non- said of a community and he said without hesitation that attendance, and in that case the percentage was 8, which to ask Mr. Carnegie for that money would be still further reduced the number to 201, while they had a loss to the dignity of the town. (Hear, hear.) accommodation for 200. On the books they had 260 The £5,000 required for the erection of the girls, 36 came from Walton and 40 from Warrington, library could be spread over so many years leaving 186 from the village. Deducting 10 per cent, that it would mean vary little addition to the rates. for non-attendance, the number was reduced to 188, He was sure every individual member of the Council whereas they had accommodation for 227. On the books looking at it from that standpoint would come to the they had 312 infants, 25 of whom came from Warrington conclusion that it would be much better to pay the and 31 from Walton, leaving 253. If they deducted the money for an additional library out of their ownriockets infants under five years of age the number was reduced It was well known that Mr. Carnegie made certain to 166, and if they further took away the percentage for stipulations when he gave money. When the Corpora- non-attendance that number was reduced to 150, tion had obtained a grant they would have lost their whereas they had accommodation for 200. He dignity to such an extent that they would accept any could hardly give the feeling of the school conditions. In order that Mr. Carnegie might accumu- managers with regard to the proposal, but the opinion late his vast wealth some people had had to go short had been expressed that the scheme was neither of the necessities of life, and he therefore thought one thing or the other. (Hear, hear.) If it had the Council would be lacking in dignity if they asked been a scheme to accommodate 1,200 children and to Mr. Carnegie for any money. close the present schools there would have been more Councillor NI kGINN asked the Press to go lightly over sense in it. The Manager to whom he had referred the personal attack which had been made upon Mr. remarked that if it had been a proposal to provide for Carnegie Councillor WRIGHT said he had worked for 500—he would personally place the figure at 300—it Mr. Carnegie. Probably he had been " sacked." would have relieved the pressure of the existing school. The Menrost : Keep personalities out of the dis- If the proposed school was built the managers could cussion. continue to use the present buildings to their fullest Councillor WRIGHT : I have never been sacked in capacity. A school to accommodate 800 children, taking my life. the cost at the rate of £l5 per head which had been Alderman HrreiftgsoN : What about Whitecross. spent in Frodsham. would cost £12,000. Of that two- Councillor WRIGHT: Well what about Wlaitecross. thirds would fall upon Stockton Heath. Walton Inferior I demand an explanation of what he means. and Latchford Without, though he did not know how The MAYOR : Never mind it. that sum would be apportioned. If it were according Councillor WRIGHT : But Ido mind it. It is an to rateable value Walton would have to find half, hut attack upon my character. he thought the division would be made according to the Councillor STOTT: It lean insinuation and Councillor number of children in which case Walton would contri- Wright has a right to have an explanation. bate £l,OOO, leaving £7,000 to be provided by Stockton Alderman SMETHURST : Councillor Wright knows all Heath. if they got the usual time for redemption-60 about it without isskirg for an explanation. years at 31 per cent—it would mean an annual expendi- Councillor WRIGHT : I want an explanation. It is ture of .£2BO. The alternative scheme to provide a personal attack upon me. accommodation for 300 children would cost £4,500, or Councillor MAGINN : Councillor Wright says it is £l2O per annum. The first proposal would mean an an undignified position for us to ask Mr. Carnegie for increase in the rates of .51d. in the £ and the second an any money. increase of in the R. He suggested that The MAYOR: Begging is not dignified under any they should elect a sub-committee to confer with the circumstances. school managers to sea if they could not agree upon Councillor Mennen:l knov'of a lot of begging letters some scheme for the erection of a new school to be sent out of this town by big men. Continuing, he said placed before a meeting of the parishoners, as he that with regard to Councillor Stott's assertion, there thought the question was 'one the parish ought to was not a single man who worked for Mr. decide. In his remarks he assumed that the children Carnegie but who could have left had he so desired. from Warrington and other outside districts would be Councillor Magian pointed out that Birkenhead and, he excluded from attendance at the Stockton Heath schools was told, Liverpool had not been ashamed to ask Mr. Of courpe there was the question of how many children Carnegie for money but, of course, they were only went from Stockton Heath to Warrinetoa, but he small towns as regarded dignity and position when com- thought the balance was in favour of Stockton Heath, pared with Warrington. (Laughter.) If a man was Rene Corporation of Warrington had ceased to disc prerared to give his money away for the benefit of the question of the exclusion of Stockton Heath— Enaland he (the speaker) hoped it would not go forth children. (Hear, hear.) Walton, he understood, was in that such terrible remarks had been made of him. He favour of building a school for itself. That is at least cared not how Mr. Carnegie acquired his wealth. There the opinion of one or two gentlemen though he did not were hundreds of people in the country who did not know what the ratepayers thought of a proposal which employ labour and who had made wealth, but did not would prove every expensive undertaking. (Hear, hoar.) give it away. He hoped the Council would vote for Mr. Whitley : I don't see how you can exclude Walton the committee's, recommendation and show that they and Latchford children, did not support Councillors Wright and Stott in their

:us%,l

Mr. H. J. Westbrook said they were all indebted to the chairman for the figures which he had given them. He proposed that a sub-committee be formed to meet the school managersai.d to devise some scheme to lay before the local education authority in place of the proposal of the County Council. The proposal to erect a school for 800 scholars struck him also as being neither one thing nor the other. If the present schools were to be retained it was more than was necessary whereas it was not sufficient if the existing schools were to be closed. Another thing which struck hiru was that f the new school was to be a mixed school there would ihave to be a fully qualified teaching staff at each school whereas if an additional school were built from the accommodation of infants the teaching staff for the present school would be sufficient. It seemed to him very hard that if the school was to be built Walton should have to contribute £lOOO for 98 children while Warrington could send 101 scholars without paying a single farthing. (Hear, hear.) There is no doubt that if they desired to do so they could shutout the scholars t from Warrington. They must moreover remember that the scholars who came to Stockton Heath from War- I rington and those who went from the village to War- rington were not of the same class. Those for Warring- ton were purely elementary whilst those from Stockton Heath were mostly secondary and paid for their educa- tion and upon whom the Clorporation made profits. (Hear, hear.) Mr. T. R. Westbrook seconded. He would Ine it to Ibe understood that the Parish Council was not averse

remarks alidut Mr. Carnegie. - Councillor PEMBERTON supported the minutes. He was sorry these personal attacks had been made ofbMr. Carnegie. • Councillor STOTT : I object. They are not personal attacks. The MAYOR : What else can they be ? Councillor PEMBERTON : No doubt the Council was mistaken. But we now have. Councillor Stott's assur- ance that it was not a personal attack hut an attack :on men who make money by employing labour. The Maxon : He is attacking the principle and not the man. Councillor PgAIBERTON : Mr. Carnegie has given millions away, not only !n this country but in others. The M tvort : He has put on conditions of his own. If he gives von £5,000 you must give £lO,OOO and raise another £20,000 to keep the building up. We are not going to do that in Warrington that I know of. Councillor PEMBERTON It is for the Town Council to say that. If we were going to spend £lO,OOO in building a liurary and 11Ir. Carnegie would give .£7,000 I personally would be very, much obliged to him, and I think the ratepayers would. Continuing, he pointed out that when the public men gave money for the erection of buildings the inhabitants were only too pleased to have the fact recorded on tablets placed on the building. Look at Parr Hall, for instance. Then in Liverpool they had Brown's museum and the Walker Art Gallery. The MAYOR : Warrington museum is not Carnegie's

to a-e-W.-a-c-li-o-ole b-t-t-i that -What they objected to was the mnd rush to spend money. and send up the rates.

The proposal was unanimously approved Niessrs. H. J. Westbrook, Clarke. Pearson. Whitley sad ‘Varborton being elected to form the sub-committee.

had 'Made it known to the world that he was willing to give grants for free libraries. They could not expect him to employ an army of enquiry agents to go round to various towns asking if they wantsd grants. There- fore applications had to be made. The IVI A YOIL : What ere you applying for. Councillor PEMBERTON : As ranch as we can get, The lIIAYOR : I have no objection to you getting all you ask, so lone as he does not make his conditions. Councillor PEMBERTON pointed out that Mr. Carnegie's conditions varied. Councillor Stott had con- tended that the millionaire obtained his money; by questionable means. Councillor STOTT • I never mentioned questionable means. I said it was impossible for a man to accumu- late the wealth Mt. Carnegie has acquired without some- one having to suffer for it and going short of that which they have earned. Councillor WILKINSON rose amid cries "Vote." He said it was a matter of indifference to him how Mr. Carnegie had made his money. He was very much sur- prised at the Museum Committee Lowering the dignity

museum. Councillor PEMBERTON, continuin,

said Mr. Carnegie

Charge Against a Famous Footballer. Runcorn Police Court was a busy place on Monday morning, when the Bench heard no less than 28 summonses against individuals for 'betting. —Samuel Houghton, of the Egerton Arms Hotel, and the popular Rugby full-back, was charged with unlawfully allow- ing a game of dominoes on his premises on May 13. Mr. Giles prosecuted and Mr. F. E. Smith defended.— Thomas Banner and E. Warburton gave evidence con- tradictory to that of the police.—The Tench dismissed the case, the decision being received with applause.— A further charge of having allowed gaming at dominoes and bowls on his premises was preferred against IHoughton, but the Bench dismisaed it,—Two other 'charges wer4 adjourned until June 19th,

===== 0002601_19050610_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND MR. CARNEGIE.

SCATHING CRITICISM OF THE MILLIONAIRE. Grant toTeTsked For.

A s6mewhat heated discussion on the proposal to approach Mr. Carnegie with a view to obtaining a grant for library extension purposes took place at the meeting of the Town Council on Tuesday evening. The General Purposes Committee recommended : "That the Library Sub-committee be authorised to open communication with Dir. Andrew Carnegie with a view to ascertain whether hewould consider an applica- tion for a grant in order to extend the library, -either by an enlargement of the present museum and library or by another building." The Maxon moved and Alderman FAIRCLOITGH seconded the confirmation of the minutes. j Councillor WRIGHT said he had to move an amend- ment to the effect that Mr, Carnegie be not approached, and that the minute relating to the question be not confirmed. He could not take the minute as satisfac- tor). The matter was settled at the meeting of the • General Parpases Committee when there were only 14 votes cast for it; 14 out of a possible 36 was not ' sufficient to make the question conclusive. If it was necessary to mike an addition to the present library or to build a new one„it was the duty of the Council to see that the improvement was made irrespective of , whether it could cadge money either from aa American I millionaire sweater or anyone else. It was immaterial Ito him. It was the duty of the Counoil to provide that I which was necessary. The committee had no right to take into consideration the. question of cadging money . . „ .

===== 0002601_19050610_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
of his native town by going out to seek any man's money. Some men were not particular as to whose gold they hung on, but he was. If Mr. Carnegie gave £5,000 the Council would have to give the same amount. As it was now nearly ten o'clock and the members were leaving the Council Chamber in a body, the Mayor put the amendment to the"vote and it was defeated. The committee's minutes were confirmed.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
RELIGIOUS EDUCATION.

Rev. H. Dunnico's Reply to the Rev. Morley Stevenson.

The Baptist Church was crowded on Sunday evening last when the Rev. H. Duanico delivered a sermon in reply to that recently delivered by thq Rev. Morley Stevenson on Education. Basing his remarks on the words,"He that ruleth over men must be just "(2 Samuel 3.), the preacher said that in reply to several requests he had undertaken the task of replying te Mr. Stevenson. He made no apology for preaching on the subject and did net sea why Mr. Stevenson should do so. If a man did what he believed to be his duty why did he apologise for so doing? Was it so unusual a thing to preach a "sort of political" sermon in an Anglican pulpit? He did not think so. He (the preacher) had spent twelve or thirteen years in the fold of the Anglican Church and it was there he learned his first lesson in that art. He was willing to admit that he had advanced since then. In those days he had been taught that political sermons were only permissible when the interests of the Church" were in danger. Now he knew that political sermons were permissible whenever the interests Of truth were at stake or the welfare of humanity was in danger. Mr. Duunico then said that he was pleaded wit n the general tone of Mr. Stevenson's address. It was

MUCH MORE TOLERANT than that they (Free Churchmen) were accustomed to hear from such quarters. Still the whole address was misleading and was conspicuous for what it omitted. He deeply regretted this. Mr. Stevenson was the Principal of a Training College: he was looked upon as an authority on Educational matters; his words natur- ally would carry weight in some quarters and it was his duty to have made sure of his facts and not to have given utterance to statements that no careful student of education would have given utterance to. Proceeding to quota from Mr. Stsvenson's address the preacher dealt with several statements. I Mr. Stevenson had admitted that "noble help had been rendered by other religious bodies in matters of educa- tion " and that relieved him from discussing the respec- tive claims of these bodies. That was a question 'ae (the preacher) would deal with on a future occasion. The first statement, however, Mr. Dunnico tonk excep- tion to was the one to the effect that 200 years ago the people of this country were uneducated, whereupon the Church said "This is not right. The people ought to be educated." In 1698 the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge was formed, and soon covered a large part of the country with schools in which the people of the country were taught without money and without price. Mr. Btevenson had gone on to say that the work of this Society became so large that 100 years later another Society was formed, called the National Society, for thepurpose of taking over the work. This Society, according to Mr. Stevenson, was founded in 1804. All this, Mr. Donnie° contended, was in the highest degree misleading. Mr. Stevenson knew per- fectly well, if he did not he ought to, that the S.P.C.K. was a religious institution, and had little if any con- nection with a system of elementary education as we understood that phrase to-day. The

===== 0002601_19050610_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
HISTORY: OF ELF.MIthARY EDUCATION

in the modern and proper meaning commenced in the closing, years of the 18th and the early years of the 19th centuries./ It was quite true that large sums of money had been left for the purpose of educating the poor, but the great bulk of the money had been misappropriated and was used for educating the children of the wealthier classes. The report of the commission of 1818 demon- strated the accuracy of his (the preacher's) contention. IThe working of the S.P.C.K. had nothing what- ever to do with elementary education. It was unfair to suggest that it had, and that particular ques- tion could be dismissed as being outside the present controversy. Mr. Stevenson had stated that the reason for found- ing the National Society in 1801 was for the purpose of taking over the work of the S.P.C.K., which Society I had according to Mr. Stevenson covered a large part of the country with free schools. This again was not in accordance with facts. In the first place the National Society was not founded in 1804. The first annual report bore the date August sth, 1812, and the Society was founded in 1311 not 1804. This was perhaps only a Iminor matter in the opinion of some but it proved that 1 Mr. Stevenson's statements might be more accurate. In the second place he would like Mr. Stevenson to tell them how was it that, if the S.P.C.K. covered a large part of the country with schools, it was a very rare occurrence to find a labouring man or woman who could read as late as 1800? The answer was that such schools existed only in the too fertile imagination of the preacher. In the third place it was untrue to say that the National Society was founded to take over the work of the S.P C.K.liis(the preacher's)hearers were no doubt aware that it was a young Quaker, Joseph Lancaster who FIRST TOOK UP POPULAR I:DUCATION

as understood to-thy and that his work was immedi- ately successful. This success roused the hostility and jealousy of the Church. Dr. Bell the founder of the National Society himself said "that thousands in various parts of the country were being drawn from the Church by the superinr attention paid to education outside the church." The real reasons for forming the National Society had been concisely stated by Lord John Russel a staunch churchman. He said "In 1807 the British and Foreign School Society commenced its work of providing schools for all. The Established Church pronounced at first the opinion that the children of the poor should not go to school at all. Finding however that George 111. had expressed a wish that every child in his dominion should be able to read the Bible and that he along with the Dukes of Kent, Sussex and Bedford were ardent supporters of Lancaster's schools, also that public opinion was favourable to education,it changed its ground and set up the so-called National Society on a narrow and exclusive principle." Lancaster advocated and carried out in his system the sound principle that national education ought not to be made subservient to the propagation of the peculiar tenets of any religious denomination. The British Society was founded on these broad and Catholic lines. TIIE NATIONAL SOCIETY . was founded in opposition to this its founders contend- ing that if any education was to be given to the poor the Church alone had the right to give it. It might seem incredible but it was true that Dr. Bell the originator of the " National Society " was opposed to the poor being taught either to write or cipher. He contended that the diffusion of general knowledge among the poor was " utopean " and calcu- lated to confuse the distinction of ranks, and classes of society and to make the labourer unhappy and discon- tented with his lot. He (111r.Dannico) would leave his hearers to judge why and for what purpose the National Society was formed. The Anglican Church had not lifted hand or foot in the interests of education except for clerical ends. At first hostile to the instruction of the masses in any form they found it necessary at last to take it up in order to protect and preserve their own privileges and emoluments. Mr. Stevenson had stated that the Church's work for many years was to RoCiE TICE CONSCIENCE OF VIE STATE in the matter of education. That also Iva', not true. In 1807 the House of Commons passed a Bill enabling the rate-payers to set up a school in each parish but when the measure went before tho House of Lords the Arch- I Bishop of Canterbury warmly opposed it supported by 1 his Bishops and the " Lords " rejected it. Did this look like the Church rousing the conscience of the State? Such a contention was ridiculous. Then Mr. Stevenson had asserted that the first grant ever given by the State for educational purposes was in 1833. Surely he was aware that that there was a period of English history known as the Commonwealth period. Among many distinctions of that period it made popular education among. its chief concerns and made a large grant each year in support of it. Those grants preceded by is I veers the date given by Mr. Stevenson as the date of the first grant and was another testimony to the accurracy of that gentleman's statements. This was also the only period in English history that the Roman or Anglic in Church had not been predominant and yet for- sooth we were told the "Conscience of the state was asieep"and the work of the Anglican church was to rouse it. After a brief reference to the Act of 1870.Mr.Dunnico took up the question of tho cost of the schools. Mr. Stevenson contended that THE CIIURCII PEOI'LE OF WARRINGTON

........ _ had erected sC'h-o-ols at a-c-o-s-t-oi:£50.000 that this money had been given by church people in order that the chil- dren might receive a a religious educhtion. Well he (Mr. Dunnico) had had no opportunity of testing the accurracy of those figures but that did not matter. This question was a national question not a local one and he did not suppose that the case of Warrington differed materially from the national case. He would deal with Mr. Stevenson's statements therefore from the • national point of view. Mr. Stevenson stated that the schools were built by the Church in order that their children might have a religious training. Well who had ever raised an objection to this? They as Free Churchmen had not. There were 168 hours in each week and the education authority only occupied the pienuses for Ave days of about five hours each week so that there were 140 hours in each week still left for that purpose and surely that was enough to satisfy all sensible people. Moreover if the schools were not used for day school purposes they would still require4ro s sy misleadingthem hgasigayi reveseshtc tuhthi that eienn tl ph aaapldci packets etpubto sisil steos of the theira otnhadsee eyi ht oahwotaael d bgen spent because of the churches 3s. -love for elementary ecipdauyit'ecaOrfst .itohneTiahr neodywdansesi pockets and maintained them in like manner. They had half a million more scholars andl 180,000 more teachers in their Sunday schools than thel Anglicans and such contentions as those put forward by Mr. Stevenson wera fabulous. Dr. Bruce ex-chairman of the Congregationot Union had stated from the chair of

that body and his statement had never been refuted that the Nonconformists throughout the country raised as much for Sunday schools alone as the Anglicans for day and Sunday schools put together. Then Mr. Stevenson had stated that this motley had been given by church people. This again was not correct. Large sums of money had been givenjin the:form of

GOV RNM ENT G R ANTS. Between the years 1832 and 1882 6,335 schools were either built or rebuilt at a cost of nearly 5 millions but a sum of nearly 2 millions was given in grants from the Government. Mr. Stevenson had stated that no build-

===== 0002601_19050610_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CHAMBERLAIN AT ST. HELENS.

BIG UNIONIST DEMONSTRATION.

Promises, Appeals, and Warnings.

ing grant had been ii;et; since 1870 but that was again wrong ; the last grant was made in 1882. In , addition to government grants men of all Mr. Chamberlain on Saturday evening addressed a creeds had contributed to the erection of these great gathering in the St. Helens tramsheds in associa- schools from motives worthy and unworthy. tion with the Annual Conference of the Lancashire and The case of Crewe was typical of many throughout the Cheshire Conservative Working Men's Federation. The country. The railway company had stepped in there to chair was taken by Sir H. Seton•Karr, the member for build schools for no other purpose than that of saving the borough, and there was an audience of from 6,000 their own pockets. If Board schools had been put up to 8,000 people. Mr. Chamberlain, who was accompanied a rate would have been the result and the company as by Mrs. Chamberlain had a great reception, the audience large ratepayers there would have been compelled to rising and singing "'He's a Jolly Good Fellow."—The have mid a large sum each year in rates, but by build- Chairman having briefly opened the proceedings, lug Voluntary schools the cost was placed upon Mr. Chamberlain, acknowledged the cordiality of his national and not local finances. This had taken place reception, and said that his great object throughout the in many cases—hundreds and thousands of pounds had campaign had been to speak face to face with working been given by large employers and landowners in order men of the country, than whom no one was more inter- to save their pockets. And yet forsooth they were estested in the great issue of the fiscal policy. In the told that these schools represented the sacrifice of second place, he also spoke to workingmen with the Church people for elementary education. Then how greatest pleasure because they happened to be the only had those schools been maintained ? In exactly the people to whom he could appeal with the certainty that same way as they had been built. From 1833 to 1902 if they granted his appeal. the cause was won. deaominational schools received in Government "GREATEST RESPECT FOR DUKES." grants the sum of £90,753,000 and repairs had been charged agianst these grants for years. The nation had While he had the greatest respect for Dukes and the in fact kept the schools in ordinary repair. Then large aristocracy,there were very few of them and there were sums of money were raised in the form of eightmillions of workingmen,of whom seven millions were VOLUNTARY RATES. voters. He also liked to speak to working men because The managers of these schools had said to the ratepayers when the present policy was carried the working classes g "Unless you give a rate we cannot carry on the school, were practically unrepresented. The workin classes n the result will be a Board school with a 9d. or a is. never had an opportunity of deciding as to the merits rate. If,however, you give us a voluntary rate of 3d or of this question and as to the way in which it affected we cm continue. This mode of appeal had b3en their own interests. (Cheers.) He came to St. Helens 6d " , successful both with poor and big ratepayers and thou- in no party spirit, for, after all what had party ? sands of pounds had been raised in this way every year. politics to do with this matter He found it Even when a voluntary rate did not exist, voluntary very difficult to accept the political nomencla- contributions were obtained from large ratepayers by tore which called this man a Radical and that man a the same methods. It was downright impudence Liberal Unionist or a Conservative. He thought they I to say that, these schools had been built had changed places upon it. They were the reformers, nd maintained by the sacrifices of the church and their opponents were stationary in this matter. 111 a people. Before the passing of the Act of the whole course of his public life, which had brought him into close co-operation with working men, he had follows :—Grants from Government, students fees & 1902 Church of England schools were maintained as found that those who were entirely satisfied with c• e 91 per cent ; voluntary contributions (including the existing conditions and wanted no change at all were gifts of large ratepayers given for reasons already decidedly inn minority. stated) 6 per cent. In return for that 6 per cent. they What we had to consider was not only our actual p had their schools maintained, the services of the position at the present time, but our comparative teachers as organists, choirmasters, Sunday school position. We ought to be doing more in proportion to teachers &c ; full control over management and liberty the growth of the population. (Cheers.) to teach the most pernicious dogmas and use their State THE GREAT QUESTION OF EMPLO METT supported schools for all church purposes Then they was the one great social question of the day. (Hear, had the audacity to hear.) Let them give him the power to give them more BOAST ABOUT THEIR SACRIFICES. employment, and everything else would follow. He Now by the Act of 1902 they were not put to the trouble asked them to consider the position of foreign countries, of collecting the 6 per cent., their schools were com- and what he was going to say was an answer to more pletely maintained by rates and taxes and the Act than half the arguments put forward by Free Traders. Every country in the civilized world having a tariff guaranteed them a vast supplementary income from fees rents of teachers houses &c., an estimated sum el had advanced during the last twenty or thirty years £600,000. That in itself was taking all things into more quickly in more important respects in every consideration equal to the annual value of the buildings single condition which they took as a test The £l2O claimed to have been spent by the managers of greatness and prosperty than Greatßritain. of Mr. Stevenson's school had been spent in structural rake the United States of America. Every working man there would tell them that the prosperity alterations and consequently the premises were increased in value to that amount. There was little sacrifice in which he enjoyed was due to the protection which was given to him as a workman and to the result of his that; the same held good in all schools the managers being held responsible for structural alterations only. labour. Take one test, which ought to be conclusive. When Sir George Kelcewich late secretary to the Board of ' Education had stated words of sober truth when he said a country was well-to-do and prosperous those who lived in it loved to die in their old homes. They were that the nation had paid over and over again for the ' s schools. In conclusion Mr. Dunnico said that when Mr. not eager to emigrate. Year ago emigration from Stevenson said that they as Free Churchmen objected Germany was nearly as great as emigration from this ' to the children being taught the meaning of Whitsun- country. At present our emigration was greater than it was twenty or thirty years ago, while the proportion tide, Easter, &c., he simply revealed his inability to in comparison to Germany was six from Germany to understand THE FREE CHURCH POSITION thirty-four from this country. ("Shame.") The shame il A , was not for the individuals, but for the policy. (Loud If Mr. Stevenson would read a little book called c Manual Doctrine for Church Teachers," published by cheers.) Germans did not go to America now because the Rev. J. S. Boucher, a man who for 18 years occupied they found good positions in their own homes. When a position similar to that occupied by Mr. Stevenson, he came among them at St. Helens again let it be his to he would see what they objected to, even if he did not say, with their help, that he had established the s already know. In that hook the following were examples same condition of things in this country of ours. (Loud of what they objected to :—" Dissent does naturally and cheers.) inevitably pave the way to Atheism." Nonconformist I There was no place in England where there were ministers ' are in the condition of gas or water taps, 1 better object-lessons of its effect than AT ST. HELENS. whose connection with the main has been cut off." I i What might have been their position if they had had "Let the children be made to understand thoroughly .. . . that the Bible is emphatically the Church's fair play in the great staple industries of that town? book, to which Dissenters have no more right than (Cheers.) In the last few years there had been a g have deserters to the drill and text book of the Army." gigantic increase in the chemical and glass trades, but This and similar teaching was whatthey objected to,and the increase which should hare come to St. Helens had Mr. Stevenson if he did not know ought to know, or been intercepted by the foreigner, and they were the on these matters for ever hold his peace. In conclusion worse off itecordingly. Some branches of their great Mr. Dunnico said that they as Free Churchmen would trades had altogether disappeared, and others were con- fight to the bitter end every proposal to use the schools tinued with no proper security for the capital invested of the people for sectarian and denominational teachini". in them, and no certainty of continuous employment. Large quantities of goods had been dumped below cost The schools belonged to the people, were paid for b'y the people, and no solution would satisfy them that did even in the immediate neighbourhood, and at the same not place the schools under direct public control, and , time British trade had been absolutely shut out of the which did not giveto every child and every teacher full i foreign market. What wonder, then, that they found freedom from all sectarian tests. 1 manufacturers establishing manufactories elsewhere? There was no blame to them, but every factory started abroad which might have been placed in this country was SO much employment lost in wages to the workman of this country. He wished Mr. Asquith would visit that neighbour- hood and inquire into the circumstances, for instance, of the Prescot watch trade, where a little but interest- ing trade was being crushed out under their eyes by the cruel system of unfair trade. (Hear, hear.) What did they gain by all this? What was it contended that they gained by losing trade in this way? "Oh," they said, "you get everything so cheap.'" He doubted whether they got anything cheaper than their com- petitors, taking into account the relative amount of living as in America, for instance, and if they did get things at a lower price they had less money to purchase them with.

COLONIAL RELATIONS.

The second branch of their policy, which was more urgent and important than the first, was the question of preferential relations with our colonies. (Applause). While our trade with the foreigner had been decreasing all this time, both in quantity and character, exactly the reverse had been the case with our Colonies. There were now only eleven millions of white'people in those colonies. Would they allow their imaginations to run loose as to what their trade might be with these Colonies when the population was fifty millions or more. There was no limit to the extent to which the Homeland and her Colonies could contri- bute to each other's prosperity, and their Imperial trade was the greatest asset of the Imperial dominion. This Empire could well be self-sustained, and it would be a satisfaction to every patriot that whilst he was benefit- ing himself he was also helping to benefit s fellow citizen elsewhere.

THE PARTY SYSTENI. He would have expected that the people of this country unanimously would have called for a Confer- ence. Let us know what our friends and brothers wished from us, and we would try if it were not possible without some inconceivable sacrifice to meet them. (Cheers.) But for our party system he thought this would have been done. Our party system was good enough in many cases, but in a great national crisis like this it sadly broke down. He assured the country that it was false to suppose that such an arrangement with the Colonies would necessitate a tax on food, though it might entail the transfer of taxation from one kind of food to another kind of food. Under the worst possible circurnstanees it could not possibly mean more than a farthing on the quartern loaf.which would probably add nothing at all and would certainly reduce other portions of the expenditure of the working man. They turned great questions of national existence into purely party weapons. Speaking on the Imperial considerations attaching to the question, he said, could they shut their eyes to the actual conditions of this gloat Empire ? It was not an Empire in the true sense of the word, but a bundle of sticks bound together by a very thin cord, a very strong cord if they liked, a cord of sympithy and sentiment, but hardly strong enough to meet all the contingencies of the future. (Cheers.) The Colonies no longer belonged to us ; they were sister States,which we could bind to ourselves or neglect or snub or insult, as some of our statesmen seemed inclined to do. Separation would be disaster for us, if not less for the Colonies. Let us unite, and we might stand square against all the winds that blow. Let us sepamte,and there was an end, a close, of the great chapter of British history and British civilization. (Cheers.) THE EBB TIDE.

What their opponents had done might delay, but it would not prevent the fruition of their policy. Self- I interest, common sense, and patriotism were on their side. Their cause must be victorious. (Loud cheers). Why did he say" must " ? It was because, by our part I system, we must always reckon on an ebb and flow in popular opinion. The tide was flowing at the present moment, he did not deny, very strongly in favour of their opponents. But the ebb would coine—(loud cheers)—and in the interval before the next reaction their opponents might secure the offices for which they had made so many sacrifices of parliamentory courtesy and ordinary good manners. (Laughter and cheers). ff their opponents came into officehe was perfectly cer- tain that after a few months' experience the 'country would be much more anxious to get rid of them. than they were to put them in. (Laughter and cheers). Then the Conservatives had in the meantime a clear and definite policy. They had a policy in which they were united—a policy approved by their leader, and accepted by a vast majority of the party, and when this inevitable ebb came they should get home again, and they should bri3Og in their trail their policy behind them' . (Cheers.) He had only one condition, and that was that they must have such a policy—a fighting policy, supported by the enthusiasm of the party. In politics, as in war, they could not win on the defensive and he thought their recent misfortunes bad been partly caused by the want of this fighting and constructive policy. A TAX ON CORN.

The previous night there was a great and impressive meeting to pay a well-deserved honour to the Prime Minister, who had earned the respect of all and the devoted affection of his own followers. It was his business on that occasion to review the situation,and to look into the future, and every loyal Unionist would be

===== 0002601_19050610_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL MINISTER'S SUDDEN DEATH.

The business of the Presbytery of Manchester, which was held in the Grosvenor Square Presbyterian Church on Monday afternoon, was brought to a sudden end by the death of the Rev. W. Dunn. He only retirad from the ministry of Risley Church a weeks agoland had removed to Whalley Range. He attended the Presbytery on Monday because he wanted to take part in the discussion respecting his old church, and he made a vigorous speech in favour of its being continued a sanction charge. At the close of the gathering the members adjourned, as usual, for tea. In the tea-ro.an Mr. Dunn fell down in a sudden illness. A messenger went to a neighbouring surgery for Dr. Johnson, and although that gentleman attended immediately he could only say that death had already taken place. Mr. Dunn during the afternoon had given no sign of illness. He was nearly eighty years of age. Risley Church, of which Mr. Dunn had been minister for nearly twenty years, was built about 1660, and is known as a " five-mile church," it having been built when Nonconformists were not allowed to build chinches or hold services within five miles of a corporate town. Risley Church is about five miles from Warrington. The deceased minister was very well-known to the Presbyterians 'of Warrington and district and had on many occasions addressed the annual congregational gatherings in connection with St. John's Church, Winwick street.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INQUEST.

The Manchester Deputy Coroner (Mr. %V. Sellars) on Tuesday inquired into the death of the Rev. W. Dunn. His son stated that for 20 years his father had been troubled with heart disease.—The Rev. E. H. Gray, of High-street, Chorlton-on-Medlock, who said he had known Mr. Dunn for eight years, explained that on Monday afternoo.i a meeting of the Presbytery was held at the Presbyterian Church, Grosvenor-square, Manchester,and though lately his friends had persuaded him not to give addresses Mr. Dunn seemed anxious to speak. He spoke with some vigour, and appeared ex- cited. After the meeting an adjournment was made to the tearoom, where Mr. Dunn fell to the floor and died. A N erdict of death from natural causes was returned.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. The Council and Furious Motoring.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Raral Di 3 trict Council Wa9 held at Bewsey Chambers on Wednes- day when there were present :—Dr. Murray (presiding), MeAsrs. G. Ball, G. Mather, W. Longton, J. W. Knowles, J. Backhouse, S. Sutton (assistant clerk), B. S. Newcombe (surveyor), H. H. Burnage (assistant surveyor), F. W. Kerfoot (inspector), and Dr. Sephton (medical officer).

===== 0002601_19050610_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THANKS.

At the outset Dr. Nit'EtßkY returned thanks for his election s-s chairman. He hoped he would deserve their confidence and retain their esteem during his term of office.

FLAGGING AT PENKETII.

A resolution was read from the Periketh Parish meet- ing asking the Council to endeavour to induce the Lancashire County Council to flag both footpaths in the district running from the Red Lion Inn to the Co-opera- tive Stores. It was decided that the Surveyor shoed interview the distirct surveyor on the:matter. - INCREASED DEATH RATE. . . .

Dr. SEPIITON. reported that daring the month there had been 27 births and 53 deaths. The death-mte was equal to 573 Or 1,000, as against 34 the average of the past few, months, and 358 for the corresponding period of last year. Thirty-six deaths occurred at the County Asylum, Winwick, exclusive of us the death-fate was 18.3 per 1,000. There had been an outbreak of whoop- ing cough at Penketh, and he had had the infant school closed for a fortnight. THE SPEED OF MOTOR CARS. Mr. TROMPSON asked if anything was being done with regard to the motor question. The nuisance was be- coming general, and property-Owners and farmers were all complaining about it. Mr. KNOWLES suggested that the Council should write to the superintendent of police pointing out the excessive speed of motor cars and the danger thereby caused to the public. A resolution to this effect was moved by Mr. THOMPSON. The SURVEYOR said that with reference to the dust caused by motor cars preventatives had not a lasting effect. He thought, however, something could be done to lesson the cause of complaint by using tarred copper slag on the roads. The Surveyor was instructed to ascertain the cost of copper slag.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
grateful for the lead which he was able to give them. They had now from his lips a clear exposition of official policy for the next election,which he did not think 'yen Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman would be able to mis- understand. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Balfour said Tiff Reform will be the most important part of the Unionist policy—(applause)—and that Colonial preference was the most important part of tariff reform. (Hear, hear.) Therefore, they would be in the Unionist programme. He also asked all of them through that great audience that this question, which, as he truly said, touched the whole Empire, should be referrei ton conference repre- senting the whole Empire, and that that conference should be absolutely free, and that all concerned should afterwards be free to considerand deal with the results, whatever they might be. There was an official pro- gramme to which he (Kr. Chamberlain) most heartily subscribed. (Great applause.) It was a clear and unmistakable one, and great amongst its merits was that it was entirely and absolutely opposed to the policy of the Radicals, who would rather sacrifice the union—nay, the Empire itself—than subscribe to any- thing which involved a taxation of corn. He pointed out that in his view it would be i.npossible to provide for a preference which the Colonies had it in their power to offer them, and bethought they would offer, unless they were willing to put some small duty on corn which came from foreign countries, not in order to raise the price of corn' which he did not think it would do, but in order to transfer the trade in corn from foreign lands to British soil. (Applause.) They must make the transfer in such a way as not to injure the poorest in this country. That was his own firm belief, but at least he asked his friends to wait and see the results of the conference. On the other hand let no man commit himself rashly to the other side ot the question till the whole matter was before him. This policy of Mr. Balfour could surely be accepted by every loyal Unionist who was not a bigoted Cohdenite. Of such men there must be a few in the country. If the introduction of this policy was such as to force them to withdraw themselves from the party he should deeply regret it, but he would think it much better than that they should remain as a drag upon the wheels.^ Let, then, the vast majority of the party rally to the flag that Mr. Balfour had raised, and with the party consolidated and with a great issue to fight for, they would carry the standard to victory before a very long time had passed. (Applause). At this point an address from the Lancashire and Cheshire Conservative Working Men's Federation was presented to tho right hon. gentleman by Alderman Bennett (Warrington). AN ATTACK UN LABOUR REPRESENTATIVES. In acknowledging the address, Mr. Chamberlain said : —There is always a tendency in a nation to get small-i minded, to think of petty things. It has been a factc that we were the portion of a great empiie which has>. always maintained in this country a high tone of respon- sibility and national obligation. It delights me to find that in this address that feeling predominates. (Cheers). I believe that I have behind me the mass of the workin7 people. (Hear, hear.) We shall see. I do not mean at the next election. I mean whenever the issue is brought home clearly as the one great issue of an appeal ; then I believe that, with regal d to politics, the great mass of working people will be on my side. (Cheers). But oh! it is said Have you considered the representatives of labour are all against you ?" Who are the representa- tives of labour? (Loud cheers). Whom do you mean? Do you mean men who call themselves by that name, and who sit in Parliament with the assist- ance of a political party ? (Cheers.) Do you mean the men who are most excellent party politicians and who are very often very bad Labour repre- sentatives? Did these men represent you in the time of the Boer War. (" No ")? Everyman was against us, was against the war, and every man desired, or voted as if he desired that we should have surrendered and given up our position in the world and lost the confidence of the colonies, rather than continue the war. Did they represent you in regard to Home Rule. (" No ")? They represented some, no doubt. Did they represent you when the Compensation Act was Wore Parliament. ("No") ? Can any of you tell me of dny one of them who gave me any assistance? Did they represent you with regard to the Alien Bill. (" No ")? Well, what do they represent. (Laughter and cheers)? I appeal from them, if necessary—l don't think, after all, that they are so numerous as they themselves suppose—from them to those who made them; I appeal to the great democracy of this country who made them, who upon all those points to which I have referred were instinctively right, instinctively patriotic, instinctively prudent and wise. (Applause).

TRAINING COLLEGE CONCERT. .__. The Value of Musical Education. _ . Dr. Arthur Somervell, Board of Education Inspector of Training Colleges, visited the Warrington Training College on Wednesday and conducted the annual musical examination. As usual the collective test took the form of a concert in the evening, and, at the invitation of the Principal, there was a large gathering of promi" nent townspeople, including the Chairman (Alderman Bennett) and several members and officials of the Education Committee. The works selected for ff presentation by the second year students were Bach's "Sleepers, Wake I" and Matthews' "Song of the silent land." It is due to the students to say that the renderings of both compositions gave the greatest ! pleasure to the audience, and were obviously the result N of careful and painstaking training. The chorus was strengthened by the inclusion of local gentlemen who , supplied the tenor and bass parts. The soloists were ' Miss Annie Redman, Miss Eva Smith, and Mr. Bayard , Haddock who sang the various parts alloted to them with taste and expression. The duet "I seek Thee, m 1 Life" by Miss Redman and Mr. Haddock was partied' " larly effective. The second part of the programme wals • of a miscellaneous character and was submitted princi; pally by the first year students. "The song 04 k the birds " (Rnbinstein), "By Celia's Arbour., , (Mendelssohn) and "The passage-bird's farewell ,• ' (Mendelssohn), were given with delightful effect, and- the audience were very cordial in their expressions of, appreciation. Mr. E. Bayard Haddock was heard to dis: . tinct advantage in "0 ruddier than the cherrY', (Handel) and the item was one of the most enjoyable ot the evening. Valuable assistance was rendered by 113 . orchestra composed as follows :_Orchestra: Ist violin. Mr. R. H. Pearson; 2nd violin, Mr. E. H. Clare ; viola. Nlr. G. Johnson; violoncello, Mr. Henry Bond; double bass, Mr. J. Sudworth ; pianoforte, Miss Hackett: „ harmonium, Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac. ,;..,• , quartette for strings "Allegro moderato: Op. 1-';', (Schubert) was very creditably submitted as an open,...in& , item to the miscellaneous part of the programme. Dtr' W. S. Woods conducted throughout the evening with his customary ability. , • At the close Of the concert, the PRINCIPAL cordialll, • thanked the gentlemen who had assisted. He rernarkoa that even in a place which so much resembled the Garden of Eden as that college they had to acknowledge that they could not manage everything without the bele of the inferior sex. (Laughter.) Mr. Stevenson men; Moiled that although Mr. Matthews, the composer 01 i "The song of the silent hand," was unable to attend his father was present, having travelled from Cheltenhaci to near the work presented. Dr. SOMERVELL delivered an interesting speech 0° the value of music as an educational force. Music, h,et , said, was a recreation, and he thought we in Englal3l had hitherto been content to leave it at that. We tie' not yet realized that by placing it in that position were really neglecting one of the greatest force' , in education that we could possibly use. were only just beginning to find out the immense, ; part which was played in the education a child by what was called the sub-conscious rain ; Music appealed more to the sub-conscious mind o' children than anything else in the curriculum because there was no appeal to the intellect necessary at first' The intellectual enjoyment of music came later. Pr; Somervell pointed out how music was an expression ot the emotions, and in this connection strongly advisea the teaching of national songs to children. The teach:, ing of music, unlike other arts, did not require CO apparatus, and another advantage was that the chl!,' could sing a song practically perfectly the moment no knew it. Musical education in schools, it bad beet' found, improved discipline, awakened the imsginatioo9 "tamed ' children when out of school, benefited 'ciao! physically, and cultivated a sympathetic bond betwee' teachers and scholars.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS AND FREE TRADE.

- Countering Mr. Chamberlain.

A large and enthusiastic meeting was held In the st; Helens Town Hall on Tuesday night with the object 0' forming a branch of the Free Trade League for the Helens and Newton Parliamentary divisions. Mr. Lev; occupied the chair. An explanatory address was glve.a by Mr. T. W. Kellett, of Manchester, who sal they had simply come on a business missioa• When. Mr. Charaberlain started his raging. tearing' campaign it seemed to them in Manchester that there, should be a common platform from which linionistsi People, and people of no politics at al' sLhiobue irdalsb,cab Labourlet o stand up and defend our Free Tra interests.do Mr. Frank, Calvert. cotton spinner, of Prestos, addressed the meeting as a Conservative Free Trader' heartily commending the objects of the leigue • • of A resolution wss unanimously passed that a brittleh. the League should he formed, those present constitutil a committee. A great Free Trade demonstration WI .be held at the end of the month. .

IN MEMORIAM. In Loving Memory of Thomas, the beloved husball of Sarah Nuttall of Earlestown, late of liosvichvg4° passed away June sth, 1903. "One less at home One more in heaven." From his loving Wife and ChtldCB Warrington.—Printed and publshed by Jogs Co., at The Examiner General Printing wo'°"ine 13ewsey-street, and published by them at the place, and also at The Examiner 0 laces, Victoris-ru fr Winos: 32, George-street. ST. HELENS : 3, r‘f_a tea street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street, ituscoP:s 10th. 1901.

===== 0002601_19050610_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

A

I

===== 0002601_19050610_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
, . ~. . • • .„4 . • . . . I • 1 ...• • .. . 1 WYCLIFF ?, CHURCH, BRWS FY STREET / .. , WAHHINGTON• , lt WHIT SUNDAY JUNH 11TN, 1905. 4 ,PREACHAR 4 REV. J. YONDb. ..., , .., .. ..011mormi.. , • 10.30 AND 6.3^. ....rm., • --""'"'..— )-,, <4• Q USUAL OFFERTOIIIII9 4 N,........, BAPTIST CHURCH 4I.ATCH Foil D, To-MORROW , L- - (SUND Y) JUN i. TH. l. ...i.4i. li' I" 3 int AI mormiN, 10 30. ISVRNINO, 6. ' eily '4142_, X 01: ultnirt. PRELCIIER I Rev. JOHN FRANCIS 31ACTH6WS. . , ...-, Subject : "The Three Most I/e Irable Things In the World." - N1ift,....," - ' • OFFIIR 'CRUM ' •••

BEWSEY ROAD W k:SLKYAN CHURCH, SUNDAY NEXT. lU/SIB At 10 3r A STUDIUST. At 6.3' Rev. B. WILKINS RSRS. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided.

‘TACDONALD'S HIGH•OLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. livery set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction SETS 20s. GOLD IN LAY 40s. MACDON ALDS, 6T. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANI.ASSES. DRAPLI., MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNEBDITS.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P. 31 MANCHESTER, 29, PI CC ADILLY ATTENDANCE' DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

SUMYIER CLEANING. J. & W. DUTTON ARE NOW SHOWING AN EXCEPTIONALLY NICE ASSORTMENT OF CURTAINS AND CURTAIN MATERIALS. 16, 18 & zo, SAN KEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

TO ARMICKS iS.; MARKET GAR DENER6 IF YOU ARE BEQUIRiNG GOOD CROPS I WOULD ADVISE YOU TO GIVE MY ONCENTReLIED ORGANIC MANURE A TRIAL. AS YOU ARE AW %1113 I HAVE SPECIALLY BUILT and equipped a new WORKS with the very latest machinery for the manufacture of a good Manure. This plant lathe first erected In this Country for a horse slaughterer. In the following Analysis of a sample recently taken of my CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE you will notice at once the richness of this manure in NITROGEN. AMMONIA and PHI iSPHATES, this must strike you KS to its being far away superior to the ordinary Blood and Bone Compound Manure made by other processes. I would point out that 1 ton of our Manure is equal In Ammonia and rhosphate properties to from 2to 3 tons of the ordinary Blood and Bone Manure. The Manure is free from objectionable smell and very dry, rendering sowing easy. I have every confidence in recommending this Manure, as one sultattle for all Crops, and am sure it will only require a trial to establish itself. I hove • small stock on hand, and would be glad to have a trial order from you for this Season. Samcles and further partic.alers will be gladly sent to you on application. Ycurs faithfully, JA. VIES TOOLE. CON+ ESTRATED ORGANIC MANURE. ANALYSI NI I ELOGEN 4.53 per cent. AMMONIA 550 per cent. PHOSPHATE 2905 per c:.nt• PRICE: X 6 ID 1 ER TON, WITH DISCIUNT YOH CASH. JAMES TOOLE, • HORSE SLAUGHTERER, WARRINGTON.

CAIRO STET CHAPEL. WARRINGTON. ANNIVERs'ARY SERVICES. SUNDAY. JUNE 11TR, 195. PREACHER : Ray. ERNEST A. PARRY, or LT.CARD. SPECIAL HYMNS AND ANTHEMS. COLLECTIONS IN AID OF SCHOOL FUNDS. MOaNING: 10.45. EVENING 830. SCHOLARS' SERVICE AT 2.30. ALL SEATS FREE. BAPTIST C3IIRCII, GOLBORNE STREET WARRINGTON. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY PARR HALL, TO-11011E0W (SUNDAY), JUNE 11TR. AFTERNOON AT 2.30 MUSICAL SERVICE. LEGH STREET PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHOIR. SOLOISTS, Mne BkIDGE AND MR. CORBIN. ADDRESS : T. JONES, ESQ., BOLToN. CHAIRMAN: W ROBERTS. Esq., J.P. CONDUCTOR : MR. SPRUCIs HYMNS BY CHILDREN. EVENING AT 6.30. REV. HERBERT DUNNICO. MORNS BY CHILDREN. ANTHEMS BY CHOIR. CONDUCToR : MR. 'MOW. ORGANIBT : MR. B. CLATWORTHY. MORNING 10.45.: BAPTIST CHURCH.

BICYCLES! BiCYCLES ! ! BICYCLES ! ! ! BRITAIN'S BEST. D. A CO., HAVE PLEASURE IN ANNOUNCING THAT THEY HAVE UNDERTAKEN THE SALE OF THESE WONDERFUL MACHINE, FOIL CASH, ALSO ON THE EASY PAYmENT SYSTEM. EXCEPTIONALLY EASY PAYMENTS. BE WELL MOUNTED 'AND CROWD ALL THE ENJOYMENT OF LIFE IN YOUR RIDE, WITH NO FEAR OF FLAWS OR BREAKDOWN:.. DO NOT BE PERSUADED TO BUY A CHEAP AND SHOWY MACHINE WHEN YOU CAN GET ABSOLUTELY BEITAIN'S BEST BICYLCLE, WITH A GILT-EDGED GUARANTEE, FROM FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. ORDER NOW AND AVOID DISAPPOINTMENT. MAKERS SAY RUDGE-WHITWORTHS ARE BREAKING ALL PREVIOUS RECORDS! THE DAILY INQUIRIES FROM THE PUBLIC ARE TEN TIMES MORE NUMEROUS THAN EVER BEFORE. w HY BE BLIND TO FACTS. ALL PARTICULARS AND ORDER FORMS AT DUTTON & CO.'S, MA IK TST WARRINGTON.

SMITH & WALKER (LATE HOLMES AND BOOTH), MARKET-GATE, WARRI NGTON, TAILORS AND 13R EECH 1%8 MAKERS, ARE NOW SHOWING Na.W AND EXCLUSIVE CLOTHS FOR 'lllO sUMMER SEASON. I,lvgßlgs OF KVERY DESCRIPTION. TRLEPErmsTE 3B2Y

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AGRI- CULTURAL SOCIETY. 16Tu ANNUAL SHOW To BE HELD IN WALTON PARK, ON THURSDAY, 17TH AUGUST. 1905. PRESIDENT :—SIR GILBERT GBEENALL, BAR I. VICE-PRESIDENT :--T. HENRY LYON, ESQ. PRIZE usr, RULES AND REGULATIONS MY NOW BE OBTAINED FROM THE SECRETARY, H. BERESFORD MELVILLE, Estate Offices, Bold at., Warrington.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE I TAILS OP t Pao& HAIR FRAMES, PITRE FROM 3/6 EA CH. HAIR. T d BROWS, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

YoU CAN COMBINE TASTE WITH DURABILIIY AND b,cONOAY B PUrtCHASING YOUR CAIIPLTS, RUGS, LINOLEUMS, OILCLOTHS, CURTAINS, WINDOW BLINDS, ETC., FROM E. COATES, 72, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

B. W ADS WORT H, EOLB AGBNT Foa THB WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF JOHN BROADW001) & SONS. 4DDRESB: 59. SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON.

, THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOAM% either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to he made to the Mamma TREASURER, Municipal Ofaces. Warrineton.

ijXPERINNCEI) Male and tremale NUFtIES at a moment's notice for all eaees.—Apply NURSES INSTITU- TION, Hope BOUM Hope et., Liverpool. Telephone 2570. Royal. Telegraptdo,, iddress, Nurses

LAMB! LAMB!! LAMB!!! ANOTHER SPECIAL CONSIGNMENT HAS NOV ARRIVED. GREAT I:EDUCTION IN PRICE. W. & R. FLETCHER, LTI,S., 28, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. DIRECT IMPORTERS.

SMOKE SLIDLOW'S " OLD BOY'S" TOBACCO. COOL AD LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE; Is. 7D. PER LB. TIN; 68. PER LB " To O ct UDLOW & Co., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WIN WICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELIKPRONE 414 Y.

NAME PLATES IN GLASS, BRASS, MRTAL WOOD, MOTOR NUMBRRS. BAXHNDALES, MILLER ST., MAECHRSTBR.

GAS COOKERS t GAS COOKERS t pARIStI ROOM, GRAPPENHALL ROAD LATCHFORD. TUESDAY, JUNE 13TR. To FRIDAY. JUNE 16TR, EXHIBITION OF FLETCHER, RUSSELL & CO.'S k up.) GAS COOKERS, &c., &c. FEES LECTUEIIS ON GAS COOKING EACH DAY AT 3 AND 7.30 P.M., BY MRS. H. M. YOUNG. FIRST CLAPS DIPLO :AEC, ETC. THE EXHIBITION WILL BE OPENED ON TUESDAY, 13TH INST., AT 2.30 P id.,—OPICA EACH ON' THE FOLLOWING DAYS FROM 10 A,M., TO 9.30 P.X. THERE WILL ALSO BR AN EXCELLENT DISPLAY OF INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHTINa, PENDANTS, BRACKETS. ETC. FLETCHER RUSSELL & CO.'S (LTD.) COOKERS MAY BE HIRED OR OBTAINED ON THE 5 YEARS HIRE PURCHASE SYSTEM FROM THE WARRINGTON CORPORATION GAS DEPARTMENT AT LOW HALF-YEARLY RENTALS. FIXED FREE UP TO 35 FEET OF PIPING.

Re JAMES TOOLE DbLIBASED. ALL PERSONS HAVING ANY CLAIMS against the above NAMED JAMAS TOOLE. late of 55. ALLEN STREET, Warrington, in the Gounty of Lancaster, hair, metal and Skin Merchant, are requested to send them forthwith to the undersigned. ARTHUR DROWNE, 67, Sankey Street, Warrington. Solicitors to the Executrix of the said James Toole.

WALKING DAY. FOR SALE OU HIRE, FLAGS, BANNERS, STREAMERS, BUNTING. SPECIAL QUOTATIONS-FOR LARGE QUANTITIES, LARGE STOCK KEPT. PRICES REASONABLE. J. S. GARLAND FURNISHING IRONMONGER, 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

FRANK STIVNGER & CO., 104, WILDERSPOOL ROAD. WARRINGTON. PURE WHOLESOME BREAD AND CONFECTIONERY. ONLY THE CHOICEST MATERIALS USED. DECORATED CAKES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO TEE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. SD., EACH. WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED lam.

RAND WANTRD TO PLAY AT THS SOABISBRIOK. H&LSL L ANT) DO Wl4 HOLLAN,I Arimoui TURAL SOCIBTIRS WHOW ox WEDNIIoDAY, 26th JULY from 12 noon to 9 p.m. and to provide their own refreshments. TRN DIMS are also wanted for the buPpLY of 1113FILBSHMIINTS (including intoxicants) with list of charges. Tenders to be delivered on or before June 20th, sealed and endorsed to the Hon. Joint Secretaries. Mr. 3. HBATON. Rim Villa Halaall. Mr. if. O. ORRITT, Bescar-lane, Scarlebrlck.

BUILD PliliTTY BOMBS. ROOK LET FULLY ILLIIS IT &TING COTTAGES, LI BUNGALOWS, it IMIIMINCIIS. with interim views. Post Free Is. QUOTATIONi FOR BUILDINGS IN ANY PARC OF THB COUNTRY, on sped,. system. saving 30 per cent. forwarded free. dee testimonial.. ANSELL & LEADEE, ARcHITBOTS, CHBSHUNC HBRTS.

1... luuNry BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— ) VICTORIA PARK BOWLING GREEN. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that this green will be OPEN 10 THE PUBLIC from SATURDAY. the 24th JUNE, until the 30th of SEPTEMBER, each day (except Sunday) from 11 a.m. to the closing of the Park. CHARGES. Po; hire of howls and use of green (1 hour) Bach hoar afterwards For use of green, player using his own bowls (2 hours) 2d each hour afterwards Persons using4he green must comply with the Regulations in force. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington, 2nd June. 1905. LAISOASHIRE MIDSUMMER QUARTER SESSIONS. NOTICE 1B HICREBY GlVitli that the CENTRAL QUARTER SEreSIONS OP THE PEACE for the County of Lancaster will be bolden at the Castle of Lattc.sexan, on MONDAY, the 26th JUNE instant at eleven o'clock in the forenoon ; and by adjournment at the following places and times, viz, At the COURT HOUdii, in PRESTON, on WEDNESDAY the 28th JUNE instant at ten ()Volk in the forenoon. At the ASSIZE COUR rtl, in CIANCHEN rEtt, on gortnax the 3rd JULY seat at half-past ten ~'clock In the forenoon. At the COUNTY SESSIONS ROUSH, in LIVERPOCIL,on Tirsenay the 11th JULY next at half-past ten o'clock in the turenoon. The Solicitors engaged in Prosecutions at the said passions are requested to take notice that all Depositions and Instructions for Indictments are required to be sent to the Clerk of the Peace's Office seven days at least before the *aid sessions respectkely. HARCOURT H. CLARE, Clerk of the Peace. Clerk of the Peace's Office, Preston. NCOUNTY OF CHESTER. TO WIT. OTICE IS HERESY GIVEN, teat the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peale Or the COUNTY ‘OF CHESTER will be hold in at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for 'he said C•iunty, Or MONDAY, the 26th day of June, 1905, at half-past elevsn o'cl,..ck in the forenoon, when toe Grand Jury Will be 6mi:ism:oiled. The Elwin; of all appeals Arising withn the Hundreds of Braxton, Eidiebury, Nantwich and Wirral, forming the Ch,s'er District,and the trials of all Ptiimer I committed from such himorods, will take Place at such Sessions. Toe Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in at,eodance at the Castle ,nf Cower, et the opening of the C iurt ore MONDAY, thn 461 h day of June, 1905, at hall-pest. Eleven o'clock in ttlA Forenoon. THE Court will he Adjourned to the Court House, Routs( ord, Or. WEDNESDAY, tbe 28th day of JUDD, 1905, 4.t Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon when another Grand Jury will be emparmelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising wit tie the Hundreds of Budd )w' Mricelegli4d, and N irtnwich, fo, ming the Kenteford District, and the trials of ail prisoners committed from the last- Mentioned Hundreds ss ill take place at such Aij mimed aftfiions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knots- "-eel District must be in attend aoCs at the Court House rtutqferd, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, 28th day of June, 1905 at Eieven o'clock ia the rencon. REGINALD POT fS, Cterl: of the Peace for the County of Cuester. Chester, 7th June, 1905.

FASHIONABLE AND SEASONABLE SUFIS DIRECT FROM OUR OWN WORKS, THE MANCHESTER CLOTiIING DEPOT, 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIALITIES IN JUVENILES', YOUTHS', & MEN'S SUITS. STYLE AND VALUE UNSURPASSED.

E LECTRIC MOTORS IN STOCK. —PRICES CREAMY REDUCED. 1 ALP., 1,403 revs. 6 11. P., 1,200 revs. 2 „ 1,300 ~ 7i „ 1,100 ~ 3 .. 1,250 „ 10 „ 1,000 „ THE INDUSTRIAL lINCINEBRING CO., HYDE. MANCHESTER.

MR T. B 00THROYD, PROPHSSOIL OF THH VIOLIN. CONDUCTOR do.; ACCHPTS 1119GAGHMIINTEI WITH HIS ORCHHISTRAS (STRUM OR HULL). CONCHRTS, BAZAARS. DRAREATIO SOCIIITIRS AT HOMHS, TRIMS for Hnirseements, lessons ice.—Apply TEN " STUDIO" 9, SUEZ STIIHRT, WARRINGTON, OR 18, CAWDOR STRBsIT, STOCKTON HHATII.

NE THING WELL DONE. kJ And that is FLOCIR-COVBRING by F. LBA.CH who does nothing else. You wilt Bays Money by calling or send- ing your order. No waste or big bills. No eheap-tleketed unwa.hable rubbish. AU his Carpets, Linos, Oileloths,Msts, and Matthags are perfect and well loid. It's impossible to get Better Value than at 24 and 28. SHUDIIHILL (Hieh-street Corner), MANI.] BdTM ft. ESTIMATES FOR FITTING. COMPLETE ANY DISTANCE.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT._ BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES ALLSOPPI4 MILD AID BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S MOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASK or BOTTLES f ross B. CUNNINGHAM, WINWICIC ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufnotnrer of HIGH GLASS MINERAL WATERS In Sore w-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORKS. OWEN STREET

T OIL KTTA. POW DER PREVENTS CHAFE AND ALL SKIN IRRITATION In CHILDREN or ADULTS ; never falls, so why allow Baby to suffer, when Is. Tin, post free will Cure TOILBTTA CO., 5, IMPERIAL CHAMBERS, DALE-ST., LIVERPOOL. £503 IN PRESENTS. RAM PLE PACKETS. 3/cl, post free. SHED STAMP for FRES SAbIPLit.

ROBFCRT L9WE. ESTATE AGENT, AMMONIUM, AVAtUER (Moe and Salerooms : NO. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODE DEPOSITED FIR SALE. New nd Second-band Fornitore and other Goode constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Purnitme, ao.. warehoused.

DUBLIN, ALSO ENGLISH LAKES. TEDCASTLE LINE. s.s.f" BukcEßocx," "ousittais.." "BBLANA," and .ADHL4," from SOUTH Side NELSON DOOK, Liverpool Every Tuesday, Wednesday. Friday, nod Saturday, to DUBLIN. RETURN SALOON, 1O.; STEERAGE, 53.; with Cheep Bacurston Tickets lIVERY SAILING DAY, to Killarney, Cork, Biandoran, Bray, Wicklow, &a., &a. SPECIAL ROUND SEA TRIP. per " Cumbria " Every Saturday. to Whltehaven, giving 3 days for English Lakes, thance to Dublin, and back to Liverpool (6 days, or within 2 months). SALOON 20s. Apply TEDCASTLB. McOORMIOK & CO., LTD„ LIVER- POOL. Telegrams, " Tedcastie." Telephone 1193.

tiVERPOOL AND NORTH. W ALKS REGULAR s DAILY SAILINGS. From Prince's-stage, weather I; • Permitting. 10.45 s.m —EVERY DAY bv La Marguerite ti..LLANDuDwo BRAUMARIS. BANGOR and MRNAI '11414, (with Carnaryon connection) due bank 1.30 p.m., , aria allowing four hours ashore at Llandudno 2.1 b p.m.— Saturdays. 2.15 pin ' 10th, 17. b, and 2411 i, by St. Myles. li • Inr Llanludno and Menai 'grafts. , undsys 2 out, by L, eno r 1., ',mon. wHir 7.IONDAN 9.15 am,, by St. blvies, for 1._.0f Angie.. y i rip(eall!ng dat, LliclndliciM. due back r 81 pm. 2.li.3l_.btno.aDr. at d 1, I wv et's*. e k leiniluPPlarZlituSae Saloon Raeimut:nreidanndunlno 81 v 2nd Saloon Return 31. 6d., Monad t St".Mitr 4....1 6111..r°arl Strait. 6es . Si. P 1,.„ °r Particulars as to Rates for Contracts, and all further —ormatloo apply to the Liverpool and North Wales Steam- 'VD Company, Limited, T. (1. Brew, Secretary. 40, ()tripe! . reet, Liverpo' ol Tel. 6366. Illustrsted Guide 3d. post .1' ee• Week-ends at North Wales Hotel and Boat from 2]. ____________li• erl. Fr e conveyance between Stations and Steamer, - - LANOLANDS' SALLINGS TO OREENOUK, AND OLASGOW. p " P 1111901459 LOUISII "OR 0 CriER SUMMER. 40„:340:14, e nLeIeVDEIP.) 00 L From GLAGSOW (Berths No. 22-28. North Side). B_, • June 13th 7 p.m. Bat. June 10th 4 p.m. "e. 45 p.m. rAt June 17th 10 p.m Thum June .stll 2 P.m. *4•35 pm. 42111,41 M 022nd 2 p.m: Tue.. June 20111 2 p.m. *5.20 pm. Train from Glasgow (Central) to Oreenoeir (Central). no 1)"Cial reduced h rlng h tickets frota Warrington, t wldnes et'i. ..9.ktiralN•RY FLRES FROM LIVERPOOL s—Cabin, Single, ILI ; ';!' , (valid for two months) 16e. 6d. Steerage Bingle,sB. 64. 11:1'ECCI4L ItETURR Tscßwre.—(valid for 10 days) Cabin ' • 1 Steerage Bs. 3d. 14 M. LANULANDS AND SONS, . CROSS EITRICIT, MANCHESTER. 10. RUMFORD PLACE LIVRIIPOoL. ,

ALLAN LINE.—TO CANADA, UNITED STATES, Rivps PLATE, AND INDIA. BAILINGS FROM LIVERPOOL. TUNISIAN Quebec and Montreal June 15 SIBBRIeN tit. John'. N.F. Halifax & Phil. June 20 VICTORIAN (Tur ine) Quebec and Montreit June 22 Sutertor aooommoctitton tor let. End and 3rd classes. Specslel through rates to all points.

r, T lIE "EXAAIINER" rPINTING MOE SRWSRY ST., WARRINGTON. pROSPECTUSES, BALANCE SHEETS. and Reports of all kincle,

RULE BOOKS and CONTRIBUTION CARDS for FRIENDLY ROOMIER, Om

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUss IN THE COUNTY. ALL THE NEWEST DESIUNS FOR THE SEASON. SrLENDID SELECTION OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN '8 GOODS IN BROWN AND BLACK t/LACE KID. GREAT VARIETY IN BOOTS AND SHOES FOR CYCLING, CRICKET, TENNIS, &c. UNDER THE CLOCK.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LEVER! COL, VRAMR MAKER AND PRINT BELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Ao Terms Moderate A FINE COLLECTION OF PHOtOGRAPRII for Crystolerun and Panel Palntina. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF GOLD ENRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Eralleries. ,

FREE! FREE ! ! FREE ! ! YOU CAN Thin YOUR bIGHT AT HOUR Ar OUR RXPRNRE. ON EiscHipl OF POST CARD WE WILL MAIL YOU OUR HOME SIGH T-T ESTE R. WE SUPPLY THE BEST QUALITY IN SPECTACLES AND BYE-GLAS 'ES AT my LIODERATEI PRICES. W ORTIT OPTICAL CO OPTICIANS, 97 BRUNSWICK ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122) LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, J EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. (IT ALL Twas Imams. scaxEns) SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY oir mutt DESCRIPTION. 30 so 50 Pali OHNT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old sold and Silver Antiques, Diaciondeeto;, bought oCtakenjirs exchange. Money advance on dominos', Diamonds, Watches, Plate, ac., to any amount at low rates et Interest steed privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will native prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061,

HARGRAVLS TOBACCOS. liliTAlll. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 71 YzAss. HARGRAVES' CIGARETTES. MANUFACTORY: SWAN-el RIOT. MANCHESTBR.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSIEsTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAFEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, Boa G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of everY description. OLD GOLD AND !FLYER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actut Parliameo 'Strictest secrecy and stratahtforward dealing combined , A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China. Marble , Clocks, Pictures, to., de., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BAROAINS In DIAMOND JEWELLERY, LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARF PINS, BROOCHES. dca.. ftc We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES BY 1-051 RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings 01 all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. Carefully Jelectea Stock or GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, &a, GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to snit all pockets. M'LAINE'F RICHMOND fREET LIVERPOOL. DO YOU WANT TO BE A FOWER 1N THE WORLD? DEVELOP YOUR VOICE. MERCHANTS, LAWYERS. SCHOOL TEACHERS, SINGERS, AUCTIONEEIts,ACTORS (ALL NEED VOICE) Is your voice clear, distinct, and ringing ? It mt, guarantee to make it so. No more sore or tired throats. All kinds of voices thoroughly developed by an easy, natural method per post. No Medicine. No Machinery. Full com- plete course, with £5 guarantee. 21s. Address W. THOMPSON. M.D., M.A., Dept. T. 8 SOUTH COLONADE. ST. Leonarde-on-Sea, —Mention this Paper.

MNS. THOS. CLI3I.3IIiNE Ws Rs loLFL CARRY ON THE STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THB "BIEAHINEB " OFFICB, 33, MARKET STREET, HARLESTOWS, At before, awl sincerely hope to receive the same patronage as bestowed on her late nsbanel for upwards of 40 year..

I 1 16 WOIIIH YOU/t WHILIS 10 liU CUUit IAI os.l. CANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-CLASS NON- CORROSIVE largest sale in the world. ENGINE OIL, 111 d.. CYLINDER OIL, 111 d., MACHINERY OIL. 110., SPINDLE OIL, 9d.. Gas ENGINE OIL, Is. 6d., DYNAMO OIL, 1.. 6d. per gallon ; In barrels, free and carriage paid.— RELIANCE LIT iIIICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 and 20. Water lane, Great Tower st , London, WC. Aiso 99, Great Ctyde it., Glasgow ; I,Sandhill,Quayside,NewCastle-on-llne pATENT °MCP MANCHESTER BWraBLISEaD T. 1836. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha% more than SC years' personal experienoein connection with this Establish meat. and posses s practioal knowledge of the cotton ,wool and iron manufactures. "Sell-help to the New Patent Law," price 6,i, " Colonial and Foreign Patent Lam," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, 0.11.. & SON, F.1.P.A.. M.S.A a. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. WANCIRTIRTNR

T. GISOILGIFS MON WOHKi. LIIIT6D (late Ormerod, Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester. have the Largest Assortment of WHEHL and PULLHY PATTNHNS In the trade. In addition have purehase4 all Wheel, Prney and Tooth Block Patterns Ac., telonglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road Iron Works, Manchester, an,. are in a position to dupply C&STINGS, Millwright,and all kir ds of Engineering Work promptly.—Cataloguee of Wheels and rulley Patterns on application. NT., No. 219, Manchester; Telegraphic. address: " Ormerod Gr.orson. Manobeetee.

LANDUnNO. BARON HILL, CRA(G-YDON—Bord- LA Rstablishrneut and Private Apuitmerits ; two minutes Promenade ; splendid views ; terms moderate. HENRY MUNER.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LODGATH HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, BOSTON SQUANH. ROME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. CENTRAL NOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

aBBReeTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most comfortable Family Hotels In Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 21 guineas per week, or 96. per day, wording tc Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from be. Table d'Hote at 6.3) o'clock For TABIFFe ao„ apply to W. H. PALMICB. PROPRIBTOR.

BATTEN ARMS HOTEL, WARRINOTON UP-TO-DATE CATERING, ORDINARY DAILY. is. 6d. 12.33 1.1 2.31, !SERVED IN DINING-ROOM. COFFRB ROOM LUNCHEON As USUAL, 12 30 To 2.33. PRIVATE ROOAS FOR SMALL LUNCHEON PARTIEI ALWAYS READY. EFECIALITV—AFTBRI4OOI,7 TEAS 4 O'CLoCIC TI 5.30.

SOUTH PuRT. HAYES'S Rg=•TAURANT (KEPT BY OLD W•REINGToN PEOPLE.) 38 CHAPitL -TREET. 1132IMATBS GIVEN, CHOIR PARTIEs PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOJT EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRs. Teleohone 0465. TIIR OLDB6T RIISTAUHANT IR TOwN.

D LACHPOOL.—A PAIVretIHNT i, bath, piano. board It requlred.—Mrs. GEO. W. CoLLINS, 93 Palatine rd.. off Central Drive. .y)LACIKPOOL.-APARTm UNTS ; newly furnished ; near sea. Bath. Piano.—Mrs. TAILOR. 77, bherbourne rd.. North Shore.

(.2 0 UTH PORT.—Oomfortable AA. li NTS, neer station and town, with or without board; goad cooking.—Mrs. CLARKE, 17, Kensington rd. SOUTHrOßT.—Superlor APAKTIMINTii, with or without board ; near station ; all moderu conveniences ; piano, Ao.—Dawaoa, 26, Derby rd.

I 'ALsAliMax. MisltlONETll,—Pleasant country APART- MR2STS, 4 beds, sitcirN-room sea and mountain at:, fishing, trap loire.—Mrs. JONES, Clan-y-Coed. 1062FORTABLB APAHTMENTS TO LET, two sitting A.-I and two bedrooms, splendid outlook, terms moderate. - Apply Mrs. HICK, Church Stratton, Salop. AL PARTMEINtd or June and July; tour bedrooms and 1. two Eating-rooms ; highly recommended ; near station —Mrs. URNER. Hallwarth tintless, Thornthwaltm. Keswick.

UI.D COLWYN.—MUKNISkiht) AND UNFITHNIStIND HO 8118 to be lel; beautif .11 views of sea and mounted us; climate dry ana warm.—D. MAC lizcoLL, Baste (Alec, Ohl Colwyn.

I AXIS DISIRICT -015TAC HBO 110USIC, bright pleasant 1.4 room- ; Board or Apartments ; station and lake, 3 min. ; full board, 3s. per day.—Ers. Fisure, Oaklea, Bassenthsw ititw Lake, Keswick.

I lAILNARVONSHIRM.—SIVTIeRI and BKDROOM vaeAn—c 'min July 22nd to Auguilt 26th, lovely view, besting, Moderate Term —Mr.. THOMAS, Ihe Cottage, Bodteirig, Iregarth BAP g Or.

T AISCASHIitH.—APAItTaIIkiNTS, one titting. two ben- -11 rooms, bath ; golf links within three miles ; unrivined mountain and lea Mr.-111ra. Desnon, Fern Lea. Devonshire terrace, Kirty-in-Furness.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. Derwent House 01. Albert Road. Stir tutor APARTAIIINTS relecorated thougbout; with or with, ut board; Splen did Po/Ulan within One minute Central Station, Tromenade and all aran.ernents.

,„10,.44„, ,„„v, .. - , re } Z 3 . Gc. A. f ' s 0 . . . • A . • „ , 1 ' At' — , 01.,,,vv • c-A A t ./ s - t A `4t24.c.41*,_,V:", ''' •., I „*" .. Iv' 74 •-4. 1.4.10,,,,54,itr,' ' s. 4;4 .en... 07 f„,••4 " ' k'l muRgA, i A ".. viv,, ''';',o--,-- • t „V' ' f !rah 11 ' )cylir- ~,'*A4 - ' 2.'" ...'. s RELATES NI ' , W-. 74 .' - ' 44/40' MD CURE ~,,,,„,,vta„,,. , ,4,:,,,g1i. •,.,,A,,_

The Children's Corner League. FOUNDED BY UNCLE NED. "I shall pass through this world but once; any good deed, for therefore, that I can do, let me do it now, for 1 shall not pass 1905: this way again." wish to become a Member of the Children's Corner League. Address Ake last. Birthday Signature of Parent or Guardian

117...;:-;Q: 'I ••-:___,...._,.„._, :::„.4.....,.. , ..... •:::.,,:, , b.._-_,•-3-'7=7.1:-,. ; , II • ' '• ,44 ''' 9 ', \ ‘474 Ili PIASONS EXTRACT OF HERBS. . MAK LS THE your FINEST Herb Beer at Home. : D 0 elm u beer anti know k , ~ is, sp. it L. iv what own are drinking. , M A 8 0 N 'S,lkPo7,lll'2a. •• - • • Just the thing for The Children's Corner. , A ed. Bottle makes 8 gallons. SOLE MAKERS— Newball & Mason, Nottingham. ',:. -; ...:,•:.. w...',......, r-,,:,.....„„wmatirmlizr--.,,,,,0' . . , ~,,i::. '1"; .'•4.:-C.: • , WIZ Cloribil, ... ...,, Spr 001 St, 00 005 NEW BMW ANT, ITS CLOTHES, h2ye seen On, LATEST ILLUS. taw TRATED CATALOGUE Ps. c.^ kg," u° t,o possible idea how much we can help you in i•uleil.on rd Artistic, Well-made Clothes which will .' .• 11.1ke BABY THE OBSERVED OF ALL '., ~.„,:i," , OBSERVERS, and we malie a stipulation ~ ~, • ~ .h.it whate‘er is liallne,ed (Ann us, if Illtt ,:,,,, ~ • ~I,ll:TrOnlcsead. (thiti,l„2.,,..ten2,fich.nl nt,t,r fLitr•ile, seinling for AI, Cutllrieie SCi. - THE CELEBRATED C.B. OUTFITS. To. x contains 13 well-made, set., iceable Garments and I due. NApkins tor k I is. t No. 1 11 band.oine set ot 2li Garmvls and 2 dO7. 1'''....',.. . 3C6. 3 halCs".:;kibnell:t7f& Zi ned 'Garments 2nd . g rroomt.:l`::.;:.:^',.':.'e ,P/. 4,'„ --.--..

CRICKET. ,80. G.81T338Y & 'S framed rna-tufa3turvrs Imam- ilbarable " Demon Driver Bats. Every requisite to Cricket. ihargualled Tennis Rackets. eivery requisite fo, Lawn Tennis. Best value Croquet. Mod-st or Superb High Grade Golf Clubs. Every requisite for Golf. Ask local Sports Outfltter-for their Catalogue. If not pmcuraule apply to 36 and 38 Queen Victoria et . London. Factories—Peck- ham. London; and Ettnewell,Suffolk. (1')

ADVICE to CRICKETERS &ATHLETESI OUT THIS ADVERTISEMENT OUT and post it at once to England's .44 , Practical Atbletic Outfitter— s FRANK RUGG, ' " V * 12, LORD-ST., LIVERPOOL, and he will send you his • ' 1905 Cricket Annual FREE . by return post. Boundarle Bat - 21/- each Special Club Bat 12/6 each

o 9 tie 1 S g srowarer Tor Cieaning Si Iver Electro `solcl everywhere If: 2/68. 4/c,

URINGB NETS, large sizt, any shade, six for 7d. PO. t free...-KIMBLE. Neatti. Glamorgan. - - IrAINNER SIIT. 50 pieces, 13s. 9d ; sample 61. (packed free). —J. B. MELLOR & CO., Blitibirn, Stan. GCLARDEN NETTING; 113 .guare yards, fair condition, 3s carriage pal I. NORTH EY, Auctioneer, Pi ymouth.

A CABIROTS 2s. 6d., reproduced from any photograph you -± send, trial solicited.—T.LYLOß, Ph-dographer, Morecambe r•i_OLD-PLATED NIBS for Fountain Pens. Twelve for 6d. —S. EIEORGE. 61 Brooks avenue, Bast Ham, London, S.

BARGAINS.—Gold Cued Chain Bracelets. Samples p.,st free lr Agents wanted. Cood commission.—ELLis, 4, Barrington rd,, Brixton. S W.

hIR rc, blue, black, or colours, trimmed silk, 2r Bd., 9ci.. or 4s. 11d.. Net free Approval.—SfalPsox'a S.P.Q.R. STORES, Eldon st., South Shields. LINLARGEMEBITS to 12x10 from any Photo, mounted, 2s. 6d. Copied Midget cze, is. per dozen mounted.— GOULD, 10 Marden rd., Southwark Park, London. P 0 +WARDS, ACTRESSI3:4.—Phoror, coloured views, 30, is., money returned P unsatisfied. Trade supplied. —ANDREWS, 17 Greyhound labe, Streatham London.

Lloo 12 PO ORR made accorcilmit to a eecret formula pro- l: vent Pores. corns. stops sweating an odo re. per packet from J. T. Is.srmuT. Lot, glAnds, Salisbury, Wilts. 191p1 PO. addressed to KCELOS, 168 Unthank lA, rd., Norwich, t brings von 3 invaluahle Recipes for Photo-mounting paste, li+rlos' Blood Purifier. Universal Cough Relief.

Lpwc WY Lady should use Kurisit which curls and beauti- _Ea firs the hair. Yost free, Is. 3d. per bottle. A sample mailed free for 6 penny stamps.—LABORA.TORY Holm- field, Halifax Yorks

USSR —lnt,-resting G iRD /MING. VASIPHLAC giving I_' valuabl - information gratis. With'. Plant Food, t1:1 Magic Fertilizer for Flowers Vegetables, Sample Tins is.— WITS'S MANURZ CO., Hereford.

A RE YOU UNLUCKY' No success in love or business ? If not wear lucky white hesther pendent. which attracts success, happiness, riches. 15.—Pasron, 121, Finchley rd. Hampstead, London.

.IisTCH Malt Whisky Direct. 60 years supplied army and navy; bottled under Government supervision. Dozen. 395.. halt-dozen. 20s. Ssmple bottle 3s, 7d. cash, delltnred. Agencies ocen.—Cnirr, Adelpbi, Aberdeen.

I\THTTING. r• IiTTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Una! Nets, 11 Bing Nets, Purse Sets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description. TUOMAS Jousisoa's. Net Warehouse 38 Corporetion-sireet, Manchester.

FANCY NORK, —Great Reductions Large Parcel con- taining Plush, rich beautiful colours for cushions; parcel containing Lace, vety long leng ha. Is 31. each parcel, carriage paid.—En DUXBURY,Mercht,3B,Nottingham at, Bolton

LI LUG DRATH l—Marvellous Diirovery ; instant death to 1.7 all insects. Will not as power. ul fertiliser without Injuring the tender, et veaelation —Post free la 3d. per tin. of W. J DAWSON & Co., 26 Thane Villas, London, N. Try it.

B LOUSES, Grand Variety.—Deialnetter, 2.; 2g. 61 and 4i. d ; fancy muslin.. ditto Beautiful Silk El, sa. 6d.; Printed Voile Skirt., ss. ; Costumes to order. Carriage 4d extra —RANDoLPH, 152, Bbephera's Bush rd., London.

TUaIATU PLANTS.—Pinas, Sire. 6inkin, 1.. doz . Delphinusms. Gallardias, Phlox. Summedlowering Chrysanthemums, 2s. 6d. doz. ; Daisies, red and whire. Strawberry plants 25, Ie.—BARNETT, Albrighton, Wolver- hampton

ITALUABLB VIOLIN, 2 fine bows, 21..; beautifully V inlaid, hvge musical box, phys 8 tunes 6 bells. but comb broken, 30s. cost £lO : large bellows earners, 2 lenses, 309. tdon,y swurned if not approved —RaMdBOTTOM, 32 aple st., Sotithport.

DON'r DNSPAIIi if your Hair is falling. try Norman's Hair Elixir. beet tbat money can buy. Splendid testi- monials. Prires 11 6d • 2s. 6d.. 4s. 6d. per bottle, securely packed post frre.—CuPtr, Chemist. Upper bt James It,, Brighton (Dep. 2.)

A FASHIONABLE LADY'S DOBSKIN WRIST-134G, ft leather lined, purse attachment Inside ; heavy nickted silver chain and fastening. ; lawn, grey. or green ; quite the latest and smartest in 2s. each.—RAYNOR, Baltic House, Tredegar rd., London, B.

TAC R CURTAINS.—M• Ktivat.En Sox.. Manufacturers. _LI 6 Goose Gate, NottinighAm have on hand 8000 pairs of Lace Curtains to be disposed of immediately at 3 pairs 108 6d. or 6 pairs assorted. 21s. State whether required white or ecru Money returned if not approved of,

riIANNRO GAHDISN NSTllNlf.—Protect your peas,seeds. 1 and buds from frost, blight, and ravages of birds ; Nets, oiled and dressed, 36 square yards, Is ; ,!an be sent any width or length ; carriage paid on orders over 6il, HENRY ROBINSON, Garden Net works, nye, Sussex,

ASPLENDID present for al? Idlniature or the Madonna and Child painted by hand In rich colours ; as brooch or pendant. M ,unted In solid goI4, 7s. 64 ; In fine silver heavily gilt. 4s 6d. Sent r.gistere I In velvet-lined case.—GOLDiMITH. 52. Duke St, Doutlas Isle of Man

Fnit& —lntore.ting Gardening Parnrited.t containing re markable discoveries for producing lusuriant Blooms, Fruit, Vevtables, making priz—winning easy : gardening profitable success certain. To convince you will send large Sample Tin for le.—wira's Fertilising Haperts, Hereford.

Fro Bld SOL D.—Farnworth. near W letne,—The extensive 1 Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24.420 square yards at Freehold Lant with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chernioal or other works requiring space.—Address J. HOIXING, 18 Fenwick-street, Liverpool

J 11,11.-9 stone GOD, LINO, H&DDOCIE3, 10s ; 7 stone -11.2 Plaice, 12s. ; Headless Haddocks. Is. 4d. per stone ; Salt Cod, 2s. per stone ; Finneys, 36 per stone; Kippers and Bloaters, 2e. 6d. per boa ; Oysters, ss. per 123 ; bass of selected Fish, 21. 61. ; Red Herrings, 2s. 6d. per box.—LAC & tior, Fish Door. Grimsby.

/ UM, PASTR and a AOKS ABOFASH&D. Bills, Notices, I Menus, Drawings, Ac.. Instantly fixed by Arthur's Patent Bill and Notice Grips ; cheap, quick and durable. Time and money saved. Mess and dirt prevented. illus- trated circular, post free from GEORGE MORRISON, Sole Agent, 58, Rose it., Garnethill. Glasgow.

2iit WITH (MUSH secures a really high class perfect fitting SUIT; or Tail, r-roade CO -MIMS, balance is. weekly. Gold business Suits from 275. ed.; Boots 10. 6d.; no objectionable enquiries and qutekest delivery in the trade. Call or write for patterns and American self measurement tor r post free. Perfect fit guaranteed.—Write. Dept. 441 A. THOMAS, 317, Upper it, Islington, London, N.

rIIELBLE CUTLBRY.—GIvIng ts-r;--tho esle of—Out/ery. 1 Kuives le 24. ls. 10d. and 2s. 2d. balf dozen post free ; about 8 dozen left. Three dozen nickel table forks 128. 34, half dozen Three butchet's steels, 12 in., Is 9.1. each. Eleven sample razors with roll 14s. 6d. Fifteen sample rocket knives 1514— DAVIES, Silversmith, 78, Bark- fields, Sheffield.

TBA.—How o obtain Two lbs. for 11.—Particulars cf I Lowe, Sandhurst, Park Place Greenwich. 910 BR SOLD three DI OVER STACKS; we'l harvested.— ..I Apply THOMAS R, Surms, Moston Manor. Sandback.

STOUNDING INVSNTION.--Send postal order for 1.. CI for marvelbdis instmment, Sousephone ; played by nt) vbody without knowledge of music.—JAkvie, Premier Card,ff.

I )0 you want to know the true meaning of ' Solomon's Song ?,' Send for FANNIE FENTON BAYNE'S Paraphrase in Bnglish Verse, la., post free.-470 Bylutino 11D., Ulapton, London N.B.

lIRFORB purchasing DRItiSISS or Wit. PERM of any description. write for Samples, st.ting requirements, to STPIIENEI, MARION &CO . 10 Bath Row, Birmingham. We ..an pare you Money if you shop by post.

rp ECNTS ! THNTS I !—Tents suitable for gardens, cricket, _L or camping-out purposes. 40ft. In circumference, pure linen, with pegs, poles and lines complete There tents are white, and have only been used a little by His Olajesty's Government, and cost over £3 etch I will send one com- plete for 85s. each. Price lists of Harquees post free. —Hr. JOHN 111.fiSON. Gotternment Contractor, Roe.

6 a if, .I.II.AGBF.L"RAZORS ARE TEE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MARE, WARRANTED, POta FREE 2. fid., 35., 48. 6D.. AND 51. 6D J. Ct. DODD. 10, St JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY.

I_RBENGROCERS AND OTHHHB. - Smart Welsh Cob 5 VT yews ; warrant same sound, quiet and a good workers, any trial to good home betere purchase ; light Cart and Harness almost new ; lot £8 108 •,r separate ; real barg in• must sell at once.—Apply 33, STOCK sTRICE ofl Lord street, Cheetham Hill road, near Cheetbam Town Hall, and Corporation street, Manchester,

UlWir LADY aeritN ClUli tor Ite.viiX OuUNT. —apply BENSON, Draper, Sankey st., Warrington. nTIE,SMAKILG.-GOOD COAT and BODIC/3 HANDS WANTED.—AppIy BENSON, Driller. Sankey st.,W'gton SITUATION Wanted by Cook-General, also Housemaid Address SERVANT, C/0 Mrs. Weston, 38 Wbeeleys Lane, Birmingham.

DAPIEHANUING9,—A large factory require well-intro- duced local agents. Excellent set, misfactory terms offered.—Address WALLPAPER," 2, Cross St., Finsbury, Lo, don. B.C.

TOB and FEST TRADIit.-2200 required immediately to el finance ;no security to offer, but proofe of trade shown. --tteplv to Elm, Box 23iti, c/o bbarrow and Thatcher, Holborn Place, London, W.O.

`i/ OUNG MEN (strong) WANTED for Farm Work in 1 Ontario, Canada Situation provided immediately on arrival.—For particular. apply ONTARIO GOVERNMENT AGENCY, 7. James at.. Liverono,.

1 NYNaTOttS AND sr, CULAtOkin,— Advent- er, who 1. receives first-alms information, is willing to overate for tew clients. Introduction can be le Sven London Stockbroker, —APPS, 16, Royal Exchange. London

DO NOT MISS THIS. A SOUND Investment for sums a £25. Wholesale 1-1. business. 10 per cent Interest Guaranteed. Particu- lars from K„ 152. Latimer rd., London, W.

OT FOICIUDE h. but by careful INVIiznIIiNTS in .1.1 stocks and shares £lO will bring in £2 10s. a week. thus doubling your capital In a month.—Particulars, address WALLACE fit CO.. 108 Bishopigate it., Within, 8.0.

rICHAN UNE/N.—Persons Desirous of becoming Steam- ship Stewar.is, Stewardesses, Butchers, Ihkers, Cooks, Pantrymen, Stokers, Trimmers, ac.. forward addressed envelope for information. —W. BRlCAKELL.Blrklnie,Southport

QHVERAL MUSICIANS are REQUIRED to engage with the 3rd OUTH LA CAokil i ItIiGIMH.T, for Annual Training at Conway in July.—Apply immediately, stating instrument to BAN DMABTRII, 3rd South Lancashire Regiment, Warrington, :or lull particulars. WI'ANTHD to purchase or sell Antique and Modern Fur- naure, Plate, Picture, Curios Gans Parcels received. cash same day. Old or modern furniture of any pericd copied and made to order.—PADDINGToN ANTIQUE FUR- NITURF: bToREs, 33 Praed at.. London.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, siOCKS, Sze., BOUGAT FuR CASH TO AN AMOUNT, OR ALVANuIa MAO& HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGH FOR INSPECTION. HAUTLEY AND (Jo., 12 MOSS-STBEET, LIVERPOOL.

Oki Kz-111.RIC.—W INCH %M HALL.. Lostock Gralam. V HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GI Li. Large Mansion and Plavlng Fields. ExceSem Resident Staff. Great successes recent Examinations. 50 Cettlfic4tes gained last Term. AUTUMN TERM begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references, views, from Miss PARKES. Principal.

luir H. ERNES In WILKEs, A.L.G.M., Professor of .01 Musio,Organlet and Choirmaster of St. Paul's 013.,r0h PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practioe.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

MuDERN CilooL. Scarisbrick O New-road. One of the LARGHST PRIVATH SCHOOL 3 In the North of Lingle:A. lataff Includes a B:A., a 8.-c., and an ()Meier d' Academie etc. Languages, ecience and Commercial subjects at inclusive feet. CAPT. J. C. UNDHRWOOD, A.C.P., F.R.G.S.. Head Master.

aiotor ear% epetts, Tarn ago. ett ONasuAdLz_irgoonAeßtTe.orryount.ex,7l.ufirriygilLiatn iAautileVritcotrio.ria,

O SALS, large WAGGONRTTE, with cover, carry 22; kJ Smaller one. clrry 1 ; also lila, suit 12 hands pony. Low prices. -±ticamtiosoN, Holland Moor, • Upholland, near Wigan. DUCI 14 OAR, by Slack Brothers, in splendid coalition, suit 13 to 14 hands, cost 4100. new ; also Splendid Set of L,ght Harness, Night Hugs. io.—CHLDwfcA. 230, Upper Brook at.. C.-on-M. Alsocheater.

L-1 Oh 8a Olskil2, tIY ULM two ipeed ge tree wheet two inverted leaver brakes.2slo. frame, black enameled not scratchiA, In splendid condition. loiraln Zi, recently, cost £l4 lls. Owner going in for Motor.—apply 50,, PRINCESS THELT, WreNLlsiTi.

BAEGAIN.—Gent's Hlgh-vrade Coventry Machine, per- tautly new, not soiled ; beat tyres and tubes ; plated rims, free wheel, rim brake, gas lamp and accessories ; sac,llice, £3 19a. 6d ; approval willingly.—T. HLTEIBAND, Clairgtove House, A,hcombe rd. remton-super-Mare.

B&Re kir.—Gent's high-grade COVIIN ItY MACH INS, perfectly new, not suited, best tyres and tubes, plated rims and free wheel, rim brake, gas lamp, and accessories ; Sacrifice, gi 19e. 6d. aproval willingly.—T. HUSBAND, Chargrove House, Asticomba Hoed. Aro.tuu-sup r-MAre CYCLH for Disposal, gent's higb-gra le machine, as new not soiled, free wheel, rim brake, plated rims, paeu matio tyres mud gusrds, gas help, vol au t aco,ssories; genuine bargain, £4 4s. cash. lowest ; approval willingly.— GILL, Wavenev Villa, lieech ttoad, eston-super-Mare.

LACRONYM:OI and others, four wheel pony van, suit pony, 10 to 12 bands ; in good order, price 810 10s. One small pony covered tioat,very cheap, 22 lbs. one large covered float wheels had good deal of wear. horsy and cover in new condition, £6. —Apply LAUNDRY. 69. Tweed at., West Derby rd., Liverpool. LADr S eAFlSTY.—Barglin nearly new, not soiled free wheel, silver-plated r ma. beautifully lined in gold; rim brake ; high-grade Coventry Machine ; hest pneumatic; tyres ; celluloid gear case ; all ,ccessories ; £4 10a., lowest , no use to owner; genuine ; approval will nAlv.—K. liTuckkv Oak Villa, Clarendon rd., Weston-super-blare. Fro OYCLISTS.—The CYCLIST'S FkIIIND. No more porous Tubes. This marvellous Rubber Rejuvenator will make old and porous Tubes as airOgtit. as when new, bent post free, with written varantee, tor a Is. Special terms cffered to Captsins and becrettries of Cyc.e Clubs. J. JAMES, 86 Belgrave r.l We.lk amstow, London.

CYCLES ! CYCLICi ! CYCLgi ! THE REASON WHY YOU -11OULD BUY YOUR NEXT MACHINE FROII A LOCAL MAKER. —Because the machine will coat mach less than an equally high-grade machine from the large maker, as the local maker has not the expenses of a large establishment to maintain. and unless he is unduly cut down in price, be cats give better value for money. You will do well to get my prices for anything in ta Cycle line—you will save money. Undoubtedly the best shop for rep.irs. WORXMANiHIP GUARANTEED. REASONABLE CHStRIGicS.—CANNELL Ht.SICKTH sr., Off Liverpool rd., Sankey Bridge., Warrington Cars stop appo.ite the street.

IRELAND, IRELAND IRE LAND, INTENDS TO MAINTAIN THE HIGH REPU- TATION HE HAS GAINED BY CONTINUING TO MAKE BICYCLES OP SUPERB QUALITY AT MOST REASONABLE PRICE 'MACHINES BUILT TO ORDER PROM £6 109., WITH FREE WHEEL AND BRAKES. SEND 'CRUST. SANKEY, WARRINGTON.

STAtiTaNO FACTe.—GENDINE OFFER. Cash. per month Royal Falcon Cycles £6 108. or £7 10s. at Bs. Royal Falcon Cycles £8 8s „£9 95 „ Bs. Royal Falom Cyc10,1,2 speed gear £8 lds. „ 29 nudge-Whitworth Standard £7 15s. „£8 15s. Bl. Rudge-Whitworth specials £lO de. „ £ll Os „ 81. hwitts Specials £7 158. „ kr:B 15s. „ Bs. Sunbeam Royals £l6 168. £l7 17s. 158 NoTE :—CHALLINOR OFFERS TO ALL BUYERS OF CYCLISS by deferred payments that in case of sickotas or Out of work payments may be suspended. NO COLLECTORS EMPLOYED. NO 81131,LING OF ACCOUNTS TO MONEY LENDERS AND OTHERS. DEAL ONLY WITH OHALLINOR, 100-102 BRADSHAW GAT& BOLTON. LISTS FREE. SELLING AGENTS WANTED.

NATURE'S HEALTH RESTOREIIII.—A genuine Blood Al Purifier. Sample 3 stamps, from W. J. SPICER, 72' Knott. Green rd., Layton. HEUMATISM CURED —All sufferers should send ls id for sirnpl. pr,scrirtion which gives rapid relief and cure —W. /imp,. 65, Boundary it., Weet Manchester.

FOR EtHISUIRATIStg and GOV!, try Buckltw's Health Tea eu rrcex curew poetli paid for le. lfd. ; write to-day. es la EALTH TEA, 83, Orenger it., Darlington. B —Add

rru LAWN* —Bleud's Pills (British Pharmaeoprela et wholesale prices ; pearl-eoate and tasteless. 144 triple quantity 2s. post tree. IT M.F. COMPANY, 57 Hope at., Gissgow.

(11.BliGYMAN'S SOS& THROAT. —Vocalists, actors, and ki Speakers use Voles' Syrup ; renders harsh voices clea r soft, musical; 4s. 6.1. bottle. —Vow Co., 12, Devonshire rd, ChOrlt on-cum-14%1,1v.

wmods in OHILDIUM and ADULTS cured by NYCHNO PASTILL9B ; delicious Chocolate Flavour. Is. ad.. 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d. ; Postage M.—CARPENTER, Chemist; South Wimbledon, London.

QTER ILE MARRIAGE It —Causes and Curative Treat- ment, By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women ; a new edition just publehed root free 311.83 London. —SHELLEY & CO, L'l'D 38, Graceobureb et,

DROP. VBRNEWS lißMßOlßS.—Anzemia, Bronchitis Blllow nese, Indigestion, Rheum .tisn3, HCZO ma. Piles Obesity, /cc., speedily cured. Medicine ls. lid. per bottle post free Is. 3d.; Hair Restorer, is. per bottle. PRolr. VERNER, (U.S.A.), 15. Vernon at. Bolton.

CIONSUMPTION.—IIIidIand Open-air Sanatorium. Beauti- lj fully s tented In a park of 25 acres, 750 feet above sea level, gravel soil, south aspect. HstaSlistied 1898. Specially constructed out-door chalets - For terms and illustraed pros- pectus, apply, THE SECBETART, Bourne Castle, Beibrough- ton , Worcestershire. CORRELLY'd COBRUCTIVII and CONSTIPATION CUR/C.—The evils caused by Constipation are well known, and sufferers from them , will find In this Correctly,, the most effective remedy. For Ladies it is invaluable. For Skin troubles, arising from Constipation or Female Ailments, it is unequalled, quickly developing a Spotless and Eleautiful Complexion, Is. and 21.9d.—WIL8ox,(Themi5t,Armley, Leeds.

( )LD-USPABLIS 4fc 0 PAINT It D RCOEIATOked, and GLAZ I Rlt'S BUSINRBS, in Wrexham for Sale, through death ; ingoing £l5O. —Mrs. M. E. BvAtia, 7 Argyle-at., Wrexham.

HIGH-CLASII BAKING BUSINESS, compact premises fitted with machinery and electric power, 50 sacks weekly ; splendid opening tor ouog p.rsevering man with mints! ; estahlished over 70 years.—W. T. 3103 RE, 12, Ashton Old-rnftrl. Ardwielt. ManChestar

QOI.DE CT WY AN Moll I.—The best utility fowls —Egg, from prize-winners. 3s. 6i. for 13.-11. CLIFTON M untain Farm. Westbury. Salop. wL CORN. 7s 6d. 108. 6d. 12s. 6d. 2401b5. ; Plg Food, 1. 71. 6d. and Poultry Meal. Bs. and 10s. per 2001bs.— Rnctrv. Atrn Co.. 15, Goree piazzas,Llverpool. Mention paper. SOM /4 PROPLI3 KSEP FOWLS, others boy Ovary Tonic and the fowls keep them Success 'guaranteed, so why not try It? Bottle by post. Is. 2d. and 21. 31 --5.0.0 Co„ Sbernall st.. Walthametow.

DARTRIDGR WYANDOTTR Haw, from splendid pen of I prize bred massive tynio4l birds. Wharton's strain, extraordinary lay.rs. 4s. doz. nnfertiles replaced.—Mrs. OFNT. Prosneet Hizher Walton Proetnn.

UGG'S Brown LEG 'ORBS Huret's Strain also White 111 Leghorn. and Black Mityeroca's from noted winning /trains, 3e. 64. per sitting ; duck egge from large Arleebury's 2e. Pd.—A. SeftonEta), Newmarket, Poultry Farm, Taunton, Aehton-noder-Lyne. TOHM WHITAKHH, OARREAD. OrOsibilit, Kelghley, can tl supply EGGS from pure bred Birds. and the beet laying Strain. obtainable. Hondlne, Andalusian!, Minorca", tied- ca'-, Silver and White Wyandotte', Puff and Black leg- horns, 2e. 64. sitting ; clear reolac^d.

QPRINGFIRLD POULTRY FARM, JiroAway, Blackpool —Rggs for Slt.ing from blizh-olaas selected layln strains ; nffs, Rocks, Brahmas, silnorcas, Leohorne, And Inslans, I. Game. and the celebrated Aylesbury Ducks from 3a. ner ,4ozan. ^hicks and Doc Poem from 104, each.

EGGS for eITTINC+ from splendid pen of Black Leghorne, excellent layers of large eggs (S years test breed) give these a trial and you swill never regret it ; 3s. 6d. per doz.. 2 doz. carriage I aid ; unfertiles replaced if returned ; no hunday business.—Jamss ARROWSMITEI, 112 Cemetery rd., Adductor), Lancashire.

Li GRANTY:D ON THESE TERMS A 25 TO 2500. LOAN £5 REPAY £5 12s. 6cl. LOAN £lO REPAY £ll ss. 03. LOAN £2O REPAY £22 10s. 03. LOAN £3O REPAY £33 15s. 03. LOAN £5O REPAY £56 Si. 03. LOAN RICO REPAY £ll2 10s. Od. Larger amouuts In proportion. C'all or write to W. JACKSON, 70 PLYMOUTH-GROVE. MANCHESTER.

NO PRELIMINARY PERS OHARISED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (NOT LESS THAN £10). ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 20 years the total amount lent by the undersigned EXCEEDED £1,250,000 He has received hundreds of unsollcited letters of thanks and has annually, for the past nine rare, issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, .£5O, £lOO. ti. 31911, MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. MEM, FARMRRS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay hack. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. RVERY INFORMATION /PRIMLY GIVEN. M. COWIIN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, YoOT 01 THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER t JOHN IL GOOD WIN. thi• tridv..• Tears

ISIPoRTANT TO BORROWHRS. NT, 0 FEES.—XIO to £l,OOO Advanced, on day of .I_li application, for any purpose to all classes, on at mple promissory note ; no security ; terms to suit borrowers ; 1 w interest ; any distance ; our straightforward dealings and easy terms are well known and recommended ; special rates for short periods ; cash advanced at barower's house if re- quired.—Apply In confidence, STANDARD LOAN COMPANY. 4, PARKHR STRIOT, WARRIMGTON,

FROM ..E3 AND DP W DOM.` FAIL, 'to GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OP PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable ls 64 weekly £lO repayable 7s 64 weekly £5 „ 204 „ £5O „ 178 6d „ „ 3s 64 „ £lOO 3964 „ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply In con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERICB4, Miss COTTRUILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. nouns, 9 ain to 9 pm, N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTIIvDED TO. ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YRARR.

NO FEES! NO FINES!! NO PUBLICITY 11! AND UPWARDS ADVANCIGD DAILY iTRICTRiT PRIVACY to all respectable House holders, Tradespeople. Farmers, and all persons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, • on simple promis- sory note only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to stilt HI classes. Distance no object. Call or write In confidence to THR CH 43 HIR RAD VANCR CO., 25, Csiro- street, Sankey-street, Warrington ; also At 16, Greenwood- street, Altrincham. Head Office s 59, Brunswick-street, Hlghtown, Manchester. All applications and letter. promptly attended to.

AbVANCES RS TO £SOO.—DON'T PAY PK tf.S As those Offices who ask for fees,will only pocket, your fee and refuse the advance. NO FRRS OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO SUR4TIR3 RRQUIRRO. NO REISPROr- ABLR APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLS to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONNST and STRAIGHFORWARD dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply and be convln^ed to the—Manager, J. OALVBRT, °LAUGHTON CHAMBRRS,I. °LAUGHTON VDU:4T opposite Dr. Knowle 5) ST. HIDASNS.

£lO, £l5, .£2O, £25, £50.-ADVANCE cfteil, MADE to ALL PERSONri WORPHY of CREDIT on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TRRM3 FOR SHORT PRRIODS. NO DELAY. Visit male by our Manager on same day o application who will grant you the money Al oNua satisfactory. NOTE: THE BRADFORD ADVANCE co., 69, H AYD( iCK STREET NEAR Tng MARKET PLACE EARLKSTO

'Ehe "Cyaminer " *erfes PREPAID ADVERTISENIENTS APART:IIIOMB WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSEB TO BE SOLD. ARTICLE, LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, . MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three RIX Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 05 54 is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od.

THE EXAMINER. JUNE ICU 3 1905.

IThe great day draws nearer! Warrington Walking Day has been fixed for. Friday, June 30th, and the youngsters are already revelling in gleeful anticipation Of the festivities. There will be the usual processions and field sports, and not a few scholars will leave the town( for country resorts. * * 1 Among the amenities which were freely exchanged at Tuesday's lively Council meeting was the following "Your kindness is only exceeded by your brain power " Councillor Pemberton to -Councillor Wilkinson. This Was " kind'er sarcastic "but Coun- cillor Wilkinson looked distinctly flattered.

SUMMER, NOVELTIES. NSW PRINTRD VOILES, DBLAINBS, PRINTS, • BLOUbBS, SUNSHADRS, Wro. NOW SHOWING. W. T. WILLIA SO, WHITE HOUR% SASHERT swum *ARRINGTON. Telephone 336 z.

FOUND THAT FOR QUALITY LO VALUE IN WINES AND SPIRITS ruvrorre MOS. CANNOT BEI BEATEN. FULTON BROS. 20, RRNSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALSO AT FULTON'S BUILDINGS, ROOSIDATE. TeJeobone 2261 Royal, Liverpool.

, BILLIARDS. THE SUMMER FOOD THE STROKES OF THE GAME. , 30 times more nutritious i than milk. BY 3EL MNT . PLASMON [COPYRIGHT ] makes delicious Ices, Illancntang.es, . Custards, and hundreds of sustaining, non-hcating dishes. XLI. A Packet of Plesmon (sufficient to make 2 Screw and Reverse Rotation quarts of thick IT-hipped Cream) and an, improved Wheel Whisk, 3°' post (CONTINUED.) free. 1 Plasmon, Farringdon St., London' The ordinary way, fait lamentably when-they have to use the rest, and such players should practise the screw-back cannon ~ slicwn on Diagram 113. •

14 1' IN IN i 'A 1 \ . , . A , \ \. . s I 0 \ A \ \\•Ni . 4. ‘1 \ f ' 1111 WP \ / • \ t \ it A strong sere, in+ getting very full on to the objei, driven right round the table and back a, the oentr

DI. il2. _ , // N // \ 1,. •, s. '4' • j, ....>"*..:,.. ..,11 ... ... ...,. if, •," - _ 1 _ ~,• ~,„„ , ... ... .. . 4i/ ..,- I', ' 40-- ....,,, ...40, _.„...7.,-,:0,.... oc„.10a," tz-„,,, .... 4000 • IP :11_i_14. ~ I 1 lt ~ : 1i i .4 ~ . ra • , St It ... I, i . ft . 1 .... ..,. •,, 1 i I L - 1 I 4 bacli /8 'he 1, .. • t t , -4 . . , . ,

CE•cting Oossip. 1

DON'T BUY A NEW CYCLE This year. Let us send you a new back wheel for your present bicycle fitted with the famous kA, Alti- g fouls ‘i ~f .. ~s, ~. i --•-• 4P. coAsolg2l 44 TRY IT FREE FOR THIRTY DAYS. It makes old cycles better than new. Perfect tree wheel, perfect brake. If you do not like it, your money back with pleasure. The most cislightf al of all cycling improvements. Pull details post free. GREEN & HOUK, Limited, 7, Snow Hill, London, S.C.

DIFFERENT FROM OTHERS IN ITS CONSTRUCTION AND ITS METHOD OF WORKING. THAT IS WHY THE •.', i• t l. ~ ~ ,„, 4 p, 1 . tl , " e • ' • %-i- • )3 • IS DIFFERENT FROM OTHERS IN ITS RESULTS, LIGHTER, SIMPLER, / MORE CERTAIN, AND MORE • EFFICIENT. GIVES THE RIDER 'r 1 . ABSOLUTE CONTROL OF THE t, ~. CYCLE. A MILLION AND A HALF •..... IN USE. BOOKLET POST FREE. THE BOWDEN BRAKE CO., LTD., 151, Farringdon Road, London, B.C.

YOU CAN'T DO -BETTER THAN CHOOSE .•• • ij "kV( vSitiq,4„, 'lt' I ,1! 1 •• , 1;•41, A,. The most popular bicycles of the 1905 season. Great reputation, and full of the good qualities that constitute perfection in cycle manufacture. Machines of highest excellence at the most moderate prices ever heard of. POPULARS. Hyde Free Wheel, Two Rim Brakes, Plated 6LISID Rims, High . grade Tyres . . • • STANDARDS. Dunlop Tyres, Steering Lock, Free Wheel, Lomond 8:8:0 Two Rim Brakes, Plated Rinse . . RACERS. As used by Mr. 011ey WU, in his famous Record Rides . . . • TWO-SPEEDS Everything of the Best, including the genuine Mikagt Hub Two-Speed tlear, that makes Cycles fly up hills Our 1905 Catalogue, full of charming Pictures, interesting Portraits, and useful Information, sent post free anywhere. TLIE NEW HUDSON CYCLE CO., Ltd., BIRMINGHAM. . . LOCAL AGENTS: W. COOK & Co., 152, Peasley Cross Lane, St. Helens. F. CRABTREE, Bridge Foot, War- rington. J. AUSTIN, 66 ,King St. ,Earles town.

For Real Bargain• In Bicycles, the Highest Grade, MOSt Reliable Quality, at Lowest Prices on Record, write for our dpecial off, a

E 3 : 3 : 0 Allowed for any Old Cycle. It matters not how old, or what make when taken In exChange for one of Our splendid 190 Machines. fitted with Free Wheel, Two Itla Brakes, Nest Tyres, and all Modern Improvement*. Write for our 1905 Catalogue with Full Details.

What the celebrirei author. Mr. MAX PEMBEIRTON says about CORNWALL: " I was delighted with the place and the people, and I can THE quite see the numerous possibili- iviera. ties of Cornwall as a Pleasure British R Resort both for Winter and Summer. Cornwall astounded and delighted me." 'housands of delighted travellers acknowledge it to be the ideal home SUMMER HEALTH, AND PLEASURE .REbORT. Why incur.the trouble and expense of a long Foreign Journey when the GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY CAN TAKE YOU IN A FEW HOURS TO THE DELIGHTFUL CORNISH RIVIERA? Fast and Luxurious Trains. Cheap Fares G.W.R. Co.'s Tregenna Castle Hotel at St. Wes, WRITE TO SUPERINTENDENT OF THE LINE, PADDINGTON STATION, W., for Illustrated Booklet Free. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

£5 LONDON MADE \ \ \ , £5 'BANK' WATCH - QUARTER PLATE English Lever. BEST LONDON MAKE. Chronometer Balance, Keyless action, , i -1 r', / 1 ,i, i in Sterling Silver Crystal Glass Cases. £5. , • s, /./ (In Massive 18-ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, £15.) ON " C b Chilesit M SISTEZI 1 ssi• , iv ity , \imp" OR e OF MONTHLY PAYMENTS , ....t ..... 3p,...... for C.A.131-X. No. ILLUSTRATED NvelWwars, Chains, s. :f eca... u fm. 10/- Deposit with Order, 9 successive Payments of 10,- each for the £5 Watch. For Gold Watch, Monthly Payments of £l. BOOKS 407 i:rr 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL E C \ FREE- Factory • ,:ereu..".ranelg.'; steam : ) 8

“His (Mr. Ernest's) mode of business justifies at least praise.”-- Glasgow Herald. Can We Tempt You

Before you buy or sell any kind of property or business in any part of the country, stop and think—it may save you hundreds of pounds. If you want to sell, you may be able to get the value of your property without any assistance, but the chances are that you will sell at a sacrifice. If you want to buy, you may be able to buy at a reasonable price without any kip, but it is more than probable that you will f!oay too much. If you could have your property submitted to a hundred possible buyers instead of only ten, you would be ten times as likely to get the value of your property. On the other hand, if you could have a hundred properties from which to select instead of only ten, you would be ten times as likely to get just what you want at a reasonable price. Now note the following facts and draw your own conclusions : We are spending £.10,000 a year in advertising for the purpose of finding buyers and sellers of every kind of property and business in every section of the country—and we rind them—in every town and county in the kingdom. We have offices in seven cities and a force of 500 agents and permanent employees. Our methods are endorsed by thousands of clients in all parts of the country. If you will send us your name and address on a post card, we will send you a booklet free containing too of these endorsements. Our business is recognised by Press, public, and competitors as the largest estate organisation in the world. Will you avail yourself of this service ? Will it be wise not to? This advertisement and many others are appearing in every journal of importance in the country. They bring us inquiries from buyers and sellers far and near—not in ones and twos, but in hundreds. Our organisation thus becomes the great clearing house for properties and businesses every- where. If you want to sell any kind of property or business—large or small—in town or country—North, South, East or West—send us brief particulars and price to-day, and we will outline (free of ,charge) a definite, practical plan for quickly converting it into cash. If you want to buy any kind of property or business, state requirements,' and we will send you, post free, a list of LOOO investments. LONDON: 307, 308, 309 & 309 a, Moorgate Station Chambers, E.C. I ,1 MANCHESTER: 86, Cross Street. LEEDS : 1, East Parade. BIRMINGHAM: 43, Cannon Street. , WRITE NEAREST OFFICE TO-DA Y. Telegrams: "Erneutest, London.','

VRE \ 4 • S U N 40, /•••••-...\ .1! ,e FIRE OFFICE A.• "P NDED % FUNDS IN HAND £2,563,000. For all particulars apply to the following Agent WAREINOTON...Me3srs. J. H. Piclonere & Sot', Bridge ' t. Maim. Wood & Bon, Commercial Chamber, 5, Borsemart street, 4 ice . hfr. Louis A. Willey, 21, Kir g @tract. Mr. It. Lowe, 1, Bank street. . MERRY WE CLASS • , . . CA R DEN 'H OSE 1-•• 63 LONG ACRE.LONatiti's '•LARCE.ST MAK E.RB,..(3tAte.•": CLASS r BRADFORD'S UNIVERSALLY —APPROVED LAUNDRY Over 4.; r. Id Silver Medals and First Prize Awards. CanVns. AND DAIRY Boot ire, Vowel " \NarLing, MACHINERY. 'Wringing dr Manglips Machines. Lauip Iry Requisites Diaphragm" Churns. Butter 11.orkers. Dairy Appliances. THOMAS BRADFORD & CO., 140-143,11igh hell urn, Lontl.m; 1101,1 Sr reel, Liverpool: Victoria Avon ile,Nlatwhest,:Ciescent. I renWorks,SalfordWr

11 . LAD IE 5 .--Sarn ....,...128," CHANGEABLE WEATHER Will play havoc with your 'SKIN AND COMPLEXION. 66 , 99 . . BEETHAMS Reser , , it, however, a Sure Safeguard against their ill eflectS. A little used after crashing will ICEEP THE SHIN SOFT and SMOOTH ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Bota,s, Is., 2s. 6d., of all Chemists and Stores. ji. BEZTIit&M & SON. Cheltenham,

KEATINCS . ;•:,: ~, . ~.. • ~,,t or x 4pw in wow*, A. , ;':31;W::•.'7.---;:f,i11F.V.117,,31_7,----:.yr.4-7,7-:;-47,77:1: ei".:::?..i-fii.:).!•:`,;F" eaccfp w' : I 4: ?.'‘i;•• 'A' \7 ,:ie:;:1,11'.:*: e . .L=. , •-1 .70 ,4*,• " • A i . ". • ' .t fjln ntj t.tir4;:ag:),tirt =lva ' ..S'. -A ,

iv rot) • US Altla xamrom Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in tho preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Cumtn.rcl is the one Ganz needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. it enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. ;Cs! hO IIISK ! NO TROUBLE!

/SO PAGE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUL. -- Wholcsalt Priem, Cycle, Motors, Accessi,ics. 5,500 new A 714,,,. and second-hand machines sett...h.. 111 FOCA. Cycles from SOL. 13.5. A. and EADIei machines. Never such tiargains 41 -"L tZ 7.„ offered. Agescntspf'atd: r,c4iiib kj CYre r Free. Every Accessory, co per cent. less than other makcrs. Vira"".‘r & C..- 'Weston-is-Mare. England.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE 0 GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. EADE'S PILLS. "I TAKE NO OTil ER !" 13, Robin Hood-street, Isle-of-Wight. November 29th, 1904. Dear Sir,—l feel it a great _pleasure to drop you a line to say how much good have derived through using your Rheumatic Pills. I have had Rheumatism off andon for several years. I was recommended to use your Pills and SINCE INING THEM I TAKE NO oniEn. I have likewise recommended them to abets and they also wish me to let yon know what good they are doing them. I shall recommend them to all I know suffering from Rheumatism. You can make what use you like of this. I remain, Yours truly, JOHN CHAMBERS. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. lid. and 2s. H. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. ADP'S GOUT & R

_ . . fr Handy to have in the House. , \ A box of BEECHAM'S PILLS is a handy thing to have in \ the house, and if a dose is taken at the moment of need much . illness will be saved. Any trouble arising from derangement of the digestive . organs is quickly set right by • $ , J. t.._ 9 C-)7 f ./: lj . . /7/7 . , e 4. • , k it' gt it, :., • 0 This unrivalled medicine will do more to build up robust 1 health and maintain it than any other remedy. They are Jnecualled for I SLUGGISH LIVER, . —ll4oLiki --e-t.--. k _ .. ,*...,, '',i1'444.-'47.,,.. ~,,:irt ~trti,4,447'.. ii,• - ,e,:-,,,E::.••:.,--to'ltl-am,-.-::---- , - ..•-.;',9.:.:%"5,0.,..; ...A::;--i;-- -fr't4:,#-.•-.4-'_t, -tz•v,e,-,. - • ,t,::- : i.- e• 1R FEMALES OF ALL AGES. price IA (56 pills) & 219 (168 pills). ~.......4 . JillitriM. 4 -Mr' - .. - •., PATRONISED BY ROYALTY, NOBILITYerc r•r" 'cj--,4 ! i. 4--"-1-111 ~. _ & -4206"414fr_. •-.- irirr-re., V: PITTS'S p :4,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,„„,,,,,,,,,,,„,„,„„,:,: . .-m PITTS'S Ir. • . .0.. A • '--,•': " MODEL" ,Lt .._ •n:.:...i:•.i*x,•:•::i::i::*i,iiimii:igs.; • ...§:,..,,, "SPECIMEN '' ' ••?) , :;5,.... • ••••.: ••••:4i:::::::::,:i:•.:::::•.::," , ~„ ' e,..- ~ .::::.::::,:..:•.•••• •••:,:•• ....:::::::::.::::,:::%:::::i*A 1 rff-fi , FUR NIS nru '4 i 2. •x.ii•:ii:' •;k::.:,. •Ri„.. •Aii...Nisi,itioe. . FURNISHED # ...t. a: HOUSES, gi!iii!liiiiiii.'''''ll!3'.••;:.MoiiNt,,,,7.;*Ag „ ROOMS, • , ::::::,.:::, ~:.„ Seven Rooms .; , • ::ot-'..:,,iiii...4:i,i:::Siiiii:.:Viiii:-.4;i:-, • (TWENTY) ~, R: for 200 Guineas, ii:lig;;::..;:..:7.:''':'''.:':':.'"•••:.:Miioa:n4 , ' at from 7 to Five Rooms .iNi:Ii.W::!iM::::,',.'.ft:;:i;;.•:i:::;g::::•4 100 Guineas each. „,,,, a : i• iii:riTsiit::::Oriik. . 0 ''' "'eat' ':, 1 ' ':::.niciil*o Al w‘a y.. ..„ View 4 . . represent ' .. ~...ar.: .:..s...ii;:::i::•.`j at ; UTMOST • - :::'...::..:::::::•'. ... ' 0 VALUE a iii:' "••• .::,•,•::: - • • London Road, : •;A.,, obtainable. .'-.. : - . ::" A 4 MANCHESTER. -; k , \ .. .. .......,:.. _. „r„,, ..... .. .. ~.. ~.......„....„..„.„,:.::•. - sAmuELpirrs M' iPe„...•,..7 ~.- 1 ertla T.,. TtiE OLDEST ESTABLISHED FURNISHER IN THE KINGDOM • : r.WIT

's a WOliderfal eater Prootet to BOOTS & HattßlisS. Sot Dales' tens and preserve, the leather Pleasant odour allow pelish• lay with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGH BSI A WA S. Dubbin fins Id.. 6d., r,- 60:16 o/ Root Makers, Saddlers, Irossosoneers as.c. Mann/actor, East nidantl. London

-- W Thames Nautical Training College 7 ii.m.s. " WORCESTER." i. z.: ~c. 44 duca tOeit 1 sG ran ~.....y, t hs, . for Officers n the Merchant Service. 1;,• .1 Yr • ,e;_:•::. Nk,,,, Nat-al (.;ani_,l.%lutru,gtranted annually and •.1.34//ivoicTEß App'y W. El. BULLIVANT. Hon. Son , J. Marl: Lif.ne, Lo?don, E.C. _ , , •:„ ~ :•,. if. d ... . . . 13 ROKERS „,

VALUERS Established 1375. If you want to buy a genuine Business, or require a partner, from £5 to £5lOOO, in Liverpool and District—consult us. NO SALE. NO CHARGE. 34, South John Street, ( Lord 7ft Street' LIVERPOOL. RVRqY CORN Absolutely removed by T• • EhTEP • (hegd.) COHN CURE. Most cces .fullv applied for over 2) years. Post free 1.. lid end 2..3.1. BRTEP Co., 34. bbenctwick Place, Edinburgh.

FREE TO ALL. We give a Nickle Silver Timekeeper, war- ranted to keep time for five years, a Case of ;) ,:. ..... bpoons, Pair of Carvers. or Album. de., tree 0,1 r':,, to any per3on selling 48 I3allutiful three- colour *7— .. Colour Penny Fictorial Postenros within 41 four week..—You can sell them amongst . 'O your frienrs in a few minutes. When sold. . 4a', send u• the 45., and we will forward you any of the above-mentioned Presents, or any other Present you wish to select from our list. Write at once (postcard will do). Mention paper. } 1..N1. dill u .iii. tA,.. 04 ,uoui,e, rd.. U 1,7111)014m.

_ *SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS Printed. Round. Numbered and Perforated to order. CLUB RULES FIX I ORE LISTS CONTRIBU TION CARDS BALANCE SG EFTS NOTICES OF MEE TINGS POTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS PRIN't 'NO. OF EVERY DESURIPIION AT THE THE "EAMIN ER '' PRINTING OFFICE, REWSILY ST., WA RBINGION.

RICE LISTS Printed on card or paper Illostreed, II tiquired. ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from Plate or type. POSTERS OF ALL SIZES DANCES: CONORRTS. BAZAARS. EhTINGS. SPONT3. TEA PAMIRS. ANNOUNCEMENTS. JOHN WALKER & Co., TELEPHONH 355 Y. PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
