===== 0002601_19050812_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
1 , 1 W. TT ii. -*pm • ODGRINSONAB LIMITED tut 4 ---.•-•••• .......... . .... 4. 4. 1. try BARGAINS IN HIGH-CLASS DRAPIOY. A , j Z...141r - 0

FURNITURR AND FANCY GOODS.

ARIDGE STREET, WARRING TON.

SATURDAY, AUGUST 12, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1:

===== 0002601_19050812_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
No 1373 ONE PENNY

===== 0002601_19050812_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
By POST }I 7% per Quarter 6s 6d per annum rs 9d per Qaarter credit

fottlo, f)peros, Mnarifitin etab.

DUBLI N.—Belvedere Hotel, North Cieorge's street ; most moderate In city ; short excursions srrancrecl chair. •

%VEST KIRBY, Cheshire.—Chremont. Hoseote Park ; oldest Rortrrling Hotablithmont. H. H. CT•11,11• KILLABN b Y.—High-ekes boarctmg-touse, convenient te Lakes ; terms moerate.- Apply Mrs. Meeielmr. 17 New street.

CRANE HOUSE BOARDING HOME. Moderate terms Liberal table.—Apply PALMER, Y.M.O.A•• Great Yarmouth.

lOLVtifill, Hippford.—THE ANCHORAGE. on the Solway ; amidst glorious scenery ; golf, boating, sea bathing; soe,lal term, for nitrites.

nOUGLAS.—Tower View BC/AUDI/1G BThBLZSH- MET, Al. Loch Promenade ; splendidly !situated; mBß- nifleent view of hay and headlands ; terms mod. —coats-cr.

DCCGLAd.—CHALHERb' York h 0 ARCING HSTAB- LISHMBNT. Castle Terrace, Central promenade, Trams pass from steamers, Flnt-elass table. Terms from ss. 64. per day. (N•nrral n I ,beat poeltlon on front.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
4

f

LAN ULAN DS' SAI LINOS TO 6RE WNOCK AND tILABGOW. "PRINCESS " W OTHER STEAMBE. ro LIVREPOOL From GLAGSOW ••••larence Dock.) (Berths No. 22-28, North Side). Nat -.• Aug. 12th 8 p.m. Tues. Aug. 15th 2 p.m.*4.35 p.m. ;hum Aug. 17th 10 p.m. Sat. 11,g. 19th 2 p.m ..4.35 p.m. Ues Aug. 22nd 3 p.m. 9 hors. Aug. 24th 2 p.m..5.20 p.m. "Train (torn Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). ...SPeclal reduced thrmigh tickets from Warrington, widnes et'. ~,ORDINtRY FIRER PROM LIVERPOOL :—Cabin tiingle, tie ; "etnrn (valid lA* two mouths) 16s. 6d. Steerage Sinsle,ss. 6 i. BitEcur., ItkTunir TICKETS.—(valid for 10 days) Cabin S. kitet rage 131. 3d AL LANOLANDS AND SONS, 14. CROSS STRBBT, MANCHBSTBR. 4. RUMFORD PLACE LIVID/POI IL.

LIVERPOOL AND NORTH. W ALKS REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS From Prince's-stage, weather Ire. ?errnitting.lo.4s a.m —I3VERY DAY be LA MARGUEIRITit V,e,n LLANDUDNO BBAUMARIS. BANGOR and MBNAI -70(Itt„ (with Oarnarvon connection week days) due back d:Lu A.M. 230 p.m. every Monday. Friday and Saturday Einnit Auguit by ST. I3LVISS for LlAndudno and Menai lorsi's. also Sundays by SNOWDON 11.15 a.m. and ST. IRS at 2.45 p.m., with return connection from Vradudno by La Marguerite. Extra Llandudno writings by TUDNO 10 a.m Sunday 13th 9.30 a.m., Wednesday 16th bur Liandndno and Holyhead. Angles-y Trips 9.15 am., trArttl4l, 20th and Tuesday 22nd. Through booking by special further information apply to the Liverpool and 104,;:eil Wales Steamship Company, United, T. G. Brew, Gela tail'. 40, Chapel Street, Liverpool. Tel. 6366. Illustrated bat "e 3d. post tree. Through bookings and free conveyance ween Station and Steamer.

DUBLIN, Ake() ENGLISH *LAKtiB.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
TEDCASTLIC LINK,

8•8. " BLACKROCE," " CUMBRIA," " EBLANA," end &nista," from SOUTH Side NELSON DOOK, Liverpool liv'n'Y Tuesday, Wedneschy, Friday, sad Satntday, to RRTURN SALO° N, IW.; STEERAGE, 55.; 17,4, Che.P Excursion Tickets BY BUY BAILING DAY :',liftrney, Cork, Bendoran, Bray, Wicklow, /to., &a,

8 EPRCIA.L ROUND SBA TRIP. per " Cumbria," Every t aturday, to Whitehaveu, giving 3 days for English Lakes Pence to Dublin. and back to Liverpool (6 day or within 2 months).

SALOON 20s. ..141313' T3DCL3TLB. MoOORMICK & CO., LTD., LIVER. 'IDOL. Telegrams, " Tedeastle." Telephone 1193.

ALLAN LINE.-70 CANADA, UNITED STATES, RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA. CTORIAN RAILINGS FROM LIVIIIIPOOL. VI Quebeo and Montreal Aug. 17 atotla Sc. Jotin's N.F. a Halifax Avg. 22 BAVARIAN Queben and Montreal Aug. 24 anterior accommodation for let, 2nd and 3rd °tassel. Nl.Ecial through rates to all pointy.

VOR SKRVICB. large WHITE BOAR, out of J. Linden's, Queen VII. 12682, by Walton Turk VI. 6609. -MANOR FARM, Weston, Runcorn.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS, JBWELLERS, AND SILVBRSMaTH 8, 17, RICHMOND-STREW, WHITBOHAFRL, LIVBRPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of overt description. OLD GOLD &ND SULVIIR BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actor Parliamen Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A 01101011, SHLBOTION of GRNUINSI JBWELLBRY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Cloaks. Pictures, AO., Ac.. always on Bale. We are now offering some Special BAIMAINS In DIAMOND JEWRLLIIKY, LADIRte and GENTLEMBN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, An., 10 We respectfully solicit Intending purchasers to Inspect our Stook before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES BY POSI RBURIVII PROMPT ATIBRTIO N.

JBWBLLIIRT REPAIRS. Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices In LiVerPool for Gold Maine. Carefully Jelected Stook 01 GOLD BROOCHES BRAORLIIITd. At,. GOLD and dILVHit WATOGIIB. DIMS and lINGAGBERNT KINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAINE7

RICHMOND &REM' LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
to .£S,OOO.—INTEREST 48. in the E. —Cali or .7 write to MANAGER. 21 Dixon et., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
F £3 AND UP W AHD,s, OONT FAIL TO 1: GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable le 63 weekl9 £2O repayable 71 ed weekly. 21 Od £5O „ 17s 6d ~ £lO ~3. £lOO 39.69 £5 For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply In con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. 51, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. kialeaomas, COTTBRILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. Roma, 9 •m to 9 Pm. N.B.—L/11'MS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS.

NO PLOALIMINANY FANS CHAUGNU. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (ROT LESS TRAM £10). ON PRO MISSORY NOTE ONLY.

During the last 20 years the total amount lent by the undersigned

EXCEEDED .£1,250,000 He has received hundreds of unsolicited letters of thanks and has annually, for the past nine years. Issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, term• for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, £OOOOI7NTANT, 20, BISNISEDIf 8102EHT, 21A1201(118THlt. 118TABLON ED 1870.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
gpartments, furn(sbrb 110u5r5, kr.

KNOTT HND.—Mre. S. HOWARTH, Irwell House. Clarence st . Public or wrhotte ; near 11041 rim).

QT. ANNES-Org-.. MF.TCALFFI, The

.—Apartmente. near atation.—lgre.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
LfturAi

. tephen

LIOARBOROUGH.—One silting and two bedrooms. Terms mocierste.—DATPMAW. 22 Lyell St.

PRNINIAMBIKAWIL—APAKTBItSNIS. Ontt sti itng-too tn, two twaronm•; horn.. nomfmts.—A 'Ave. Vtritarints Howe.

QT, ANNES-ON-SBA.—With or without Board. Bath, 1,1 Piano. —Mrs. STFCTCORN, TlngAwlok Villa, Bt. Alban's rd

f 'lO LW Ytl ki&Y.—Comtrirtabla APARThItINTS. Bea view V near Dingle .Ind the woode.—Krs.Bratta, Sunnymount Canning rd.

QOUTHPNIT.—Home from home APAR Pe riffT3.—tdrs kT ONF.ETHAM, 9 Barrett at., corner or Gordon at., Post Offlee, Lord it.

el LANMORPA, HHYL.—APARTMEINTi. prlva;e or Ur public ; good cooking ; tennis lawn; 3 min. from sea.— and CLAAM.

mRS. DBARDHN, 45. Liglatourne avenue, dt. Annee-un sea.—Comfortable APARMINTi, one mfaute from ea and (I.oton',, ("Wm'

BLACKPOOL.—Clean homely APANTNIHNT:4 ; se% view; near tramo, fairground. Piano. Gom ERSILL, 6. Simplon it.. South Shore.

Bo° DLACKPOOL.—HotneIy APAR 26. per bed and attendance. or 41. to sa. per day inoluelve ; sea view. 713. DANIELS, 23. Ory.tal rd.

TTISITORS TO LONDON should write for partloula rs. and V stay either 111 12c, MARYLEBONE ED Baker it., Or 175 Knlkbtabrldge, Hyde Perk.

ILs HY L.—Homely A PARTIit HATS ; good cooking and Ii attendance; board If required ; vacant August 12th.— Mn. WILLIAMS, 7, Bodfor at.

I ANDUDNO.—Comfortable APAR-M[lo7i. ICO ynrds, LI •a; board if required ; terms moderate—Mrs. NEWHALL Woodland terrace, Craiigydon.

GBHAT YARMOUTH. —APARTMENTS, large, airs; near R.O. Church and railway station. —Mrs. HARDY. 25. St. Mary's terrace, Bouthlown.

QOM:1130 Ro'.—Superlor APARTMHNTb, pablie or private. or board,* good cooking ; piano ; w.o. ; reference if TPCIDIrIO.-158. PRORPF.CTRR RD.

DOUGLAti, I.O.M.—Comfortable APAHTMILNTY, with cr without board.—Apply for terma Mu. CLuCAS, 22. Peel rd.. ne.r RRllway q•Rtion.

SOUTHPORT.—APARTMONTS °entre of pr menade terms moderate, Bosrd if required, hot and cold baths.— HUGITIVR. Ellesmere 58 Promenade

QOUTH YORT.—Welhfurnished APARTMENTS, highly recommended ; piano ; bath ; one minute to promensde and places of amusement.-70., LORD Sr.

SOUTHPOHT.—Mrs. littinetint, Linden Terrace. 31 Houghton it., Comfortable APARTIUMNTS two minute frnm Chapel it., Station. Very central. Piano.

DLACKPOOL.—&PARTMBHTS : The best: :strict etten- tion ;efelble; plessent. Bede le., with board 3e. 6d.— Mrs. TAlrtow. 26. Rochesav rd.

DLACKPOOL.—APAIIIISBNTd, with or without Board, five minutes from Central Station and Sea; bath and piano. A horns away from home. Parties catered for.— Mrs. HARRY STARYIR (from Blarney firm), 53, Brdingion Road off Central Drive, Blackpool.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
FINE ART DEALER.

THS (ARGENT STOOK OF

PICTURE OVER-MANTELS

IN TIIB TOWN.

135, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
cipartipents, gurnfolidi fl custg, err.

BLACK POOL —A PA as T SIKEiT3. Piano.-4rl. H. HUB BEEISTEY, 50 (Marini at., near Talbot rd.btaLlon.

LANDUDNO JUNCTION.—PIestRnt An. .RN rs .11..1 good Centre —Mrs. ROBERTS, 10. Avallon Avenue.

ETM!

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. Quaug, 179. Church it.. near to all amusements ; piano. lip each person day and night.

AMSBY.—Armadale, Mooragb z-romenade. APART - 1.11... MMUS or board ; close golf llnks.—Mrs. McCoaaricg.

C,OMFORTABLE APARTMENTS for two Gentlemen kJ Bath h.e. ; every convenience.—X,PauL T. Warrington. _ _ _

• RHYL.—CornforLable APAn4MIIN'to, otua. posnion, °toed to pier and town, good a4oking.—Mrs. WADLOW, 2 Church it.

A ralLasrtvyrii.—Superfor APAR I MENl'd 19, Queen's ../11 rd.; two:minutes from sea. Terms moderate.—Apply to Errs EVANS.

DLACKPOOL.- Homely EI.PAIITINIHNI'd opposite ',entre' pier ; boarders 46.6 d. per day. Plano.—Alta. ORMEROD. 37, York at.

13LACKPOOL —APARVAIIIOII.).—Mrs. K•r, 46. St. Heller's rd., South Shore. All can stop at Bloomfield Road. close to.

A BllitYSTWYTH.—Oomfortabie ai'l itr rs ; .ea and rnountain view ; mod. terms.—WaLtame. Deerburet. Cliff terrace.

BLACKPOOL.--APAILIMMITS for gentlemen,elose to sea and car,; terms moderate,-14, ST. HELL LIU ED, boutla Shore.

BLACKPOOL, eouth Shore.—Superior APARTMHIST, terminal, promenade ; ItA view every window.- 15, IlAutonAl, RD.

WEST KIRBY —Well-Furnished APARTMENTS ; over looking promenade and lake ; month aspect; moderste. —l4, Victonts. DRIVE.

FlLBETWOOD.—Comfortable APARTSIHNTrI, Dear the prom.; good Cooking; bath, ete.—WINsTAZILEY, 8Z London st.. Fleetwood.

ULACKPOOL, N.—Co3y FURNISIIIIO H 01738 tc let from August 29th, 423, we3kly.-66 Ii•FITER Sr.. Greenheys, Blanchester.

nAcKrooL.—Homely APA,ThigN rs ; public or 13 private ; ceßtral to all places ; board optioual.—Mrs. Hmeox, 28, Charnley rd.

DLACKPOOL—Dairy Bank. 9, Tyldesley Terrace Promenade.—Putlic and Private APAILTMBSTo,terms moderate; Mn. INGHAM.

HOLYWELL—SeIect. private AP Ot'r ESN LS ; ordrn ; pleasantly situated : close to Well and church —Mrs. Atherton. litrattord Mouse.

DlJBLlbl.—Vleltors can have COMFORTABLIS .13/1.1)- ROOM.I, central ; modeme ; board If required.--tdr. licrifirsow, 37, Lower Gardiner at.

IHYL.—Comfortable ap‘rtments ; Catholic, ; sea view , close to church ; ter:na moderate. litre, FAZIKABLLY, Glenc Nclward Henry Street.

izOLTIHPOBT —Superior APARTId publio and 0 private. with or without board ; neer station and pro- mennde.—Mrs. DAvaox, 26, Derby rd.

MISSHS TEAL H (from Ossett). south Leigh. Horsforth Avenue, Bridlington Quay. Five minutes from Station, Two minutes from Hes. riario.

DUlLTGLM.—Beantifully situated superior APARTMMNT.i. with or without boarri.—Apply Mrs. CRELLIN. Wood View, Mona Drive. Central Prorrienade

APARThlliNTd.—bitting-room and Double Bedroom; terms moderate ; easy distance Lake Windermere. Mrs. BARTON, Post Office, Booth. Ulverston.

DLA(.JKPOOL.—Comfortabie APAATIKENTS. Bed, conk- IL) log and attendance ls. each person. Boarders 4s. Piano.—Mrs. Amara. 38. High pt.. Forth Shorn.

MOHIWASIHN, W.IS.—“OTHWELL'a MLI•2( HOUSE. 6, Heysham rd.,publio private APARTAIHNTS;rnountain, pen view ;'plano, beth ; bwis from 2s. two pereons.

nOMFORTABLH A nuantions, country, Vale of Llan- gollen ; beautiful scenery ; close to station.—Mrs. WILLIAM. Cromwell-terrace. Liartb, near Llangollen.

LANDUDNO.—'IO UHT facing sea, FUHNISHRD 1-1017311, 4 entertaining, 8 bedroons ; moiern venieneel.-11.mity WAREING, 17, Graig-e-don, Parade.

N" BRIGHTON 2 min. from Pier and Promenade; clean comfortable Apartments, prirnt, or public ; gape cooking; moderate.—AßDFOYLiC Horfstc, Tollemacbe at.

10HFORTABLI1 APAHTSIHNTS with or without board; N.J fishing ; near station ; post Whoa ; beautiful mountain scenery; to.rms mo4lerate.—Mrs.Joms KKNHAL7OI7, Ballablon‘ House, Foxdale Waterfall, Isle-of-Man,

BLEICKPOOL.—Mri. KIRBY Dement House 51, Aiber; Road, Superior APARTMRNTS redecorated thoughout with or without board; Splendid Position within one minute Central Station, rromenade and all amusements.

NORFOLK 00AST.—Arnidit pine woods and sea air- Guests received throughout the year. Own grounds of many sores —Write Mrs. BROWNE, The Pines, *telling Ninth. Holt. Norfolk.

-DLACKPOOL HOW TO SEE IT.— CONSULr CALVERT'S REGISTER. TARE A FUESI•4IEID HOUSE. Send particulars of ac3cmmodation required ; locality, and about weekly rent. Also Apartments ; Houses to let and to be sold, unfurnished. Mortgages negotiated. J. HINDLE CALVERT, House and Estate Agent, 3 Talbot Chambero, Blackpool.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, .£5O, £lOO. ikDVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- . MEN, FAR.MIO3, WORRINGMBN. and ail Respect. atle Householders. on their own seourity, without delay, cu your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLY DRALINGN. BVIIRY INFORMATION FREELY GIVBN. K. COWEN, VICTORIA OHAMIBBRS, WIDNBS, rOOT OF TAR CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER JOHN R. GOOD WIN. .11.—Rstoolishe.1 at this VI isns. Tor Ants, \Nu.,

•3/4‘PECIAL NOTICK TO ALL WHOM IT MAY COHOHEN.—Having a large capital at my disposal, I am prepared to Lend same in sums of £lO to £l.ooo to all bona fide applicants, male or female, day of application, at reasonable inter.st and &say repayments. No preliminary fees or charges of any kind. Hundreds of testimonials to my quick and straightfcrward dealing. Cash advanced on all kinds of negotiable and collateral security. Apply personally or by letter. Strictest privacy guaranteed Jislance no. object. Te1..P0.: 3922. _

JOHN FLBTCHRII, MARKET BonntNos. 17. THOMAS-bT., SHUDEHILL.MANOHMIMR.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS. RING-STRERT, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CFI ETFER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,ooo ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DAIITIEs wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJE9 ehould no the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW R&M OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD— ING TO RISK. THB WRITTEN GUAR &NMI OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SS.ALL 1111PAYSIENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD ON TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROW ER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEBTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative will call personally upon applicants an complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

A BROKEN-DOWN SYSTPM. 'This is a condition (or disease) to which doctors give 1321111 j names, but whloh few of them really understand. It. simply weakness—a break-down, as it were, of the vita orces that sustain the system. No matter what may be It causes (for they are almost numberless), its symptoms are much the same ; the more prominent being sleeplessness, sense of prostrat.on or weariness, depression of spirits and want of energy for all the or finery aff sirs of life. liirow.what atone is absolutely essential in all such cases is INCiisSEfl ViTALITY—vigour—VITAL STRIINGTH AND iiNERGY to throw off these morbid feelings, and experience proves that as %telt succeeds the day this may be tdore certainly secured by a course of the celebrate life-reviving tonic.

- THERAPION NO. 3, than by any other known o)mbination. to surely as It Is taken iu aceordarsce with the printed tractions accom- panying it, will the shattered health be restored, the EX- PIRING LA MP OF LIFE LIGHTED UP AVERS rf , and ts new existence imparted In place of what had 83 lately seemed worn-out, "Used up," and valueless. This wonderful restorative is purely vegetable and innocuoucis agreeable to the taste—suitable for all constitutions and conditions, is either sea ; and it is difficult to Imagine a case of disease or derangement, whose main Matures are those of debility, that will not be speedily and permanently benefited by this never-falling recuperative essence, which Is destined to oast into oblivion everything that has proceeded It for this wide- spread and numerous ohm of batmen ailments.

- - - - THERAPION zmy be procured In Briglaed at Es. 9d. and 4s. 61. post free for P.O. from Mr. R. JOHNSON, 43, HOLFORD SQUALLH LONDON, INA). Purchasers should see that the word " TH1112&PION " appears on British Government Stamp) In white letters on a red ground) eflised to every paokagb by order of His Majeety'a Hon. Commissioners, and without which it is a forgery.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The British Gold Plate.—The gold plate possessed by His Majesty the King, is only equalled by that of the Russian Crown. and when this treasure appears at a banquet in St. George's Hall, Windsor Castle, or at Buckingham Palace, as it has done on several occasions during the past season, the effect is dazzling and gorgeous in the extreme. Only' a few of our noble familes possess very much gold plate,but that owned by the Duke of Bedford is magnificent. Among the owners of valuable silver plate may be mentioned the Duke of Buccleuch, Lord Lousdowne, and Lord Wolseley. The latter possess some wonderful old Irish silver gathered together during his command in Dublin. A Popular Host and Hostess.—Great regret has been felt for Mr. Willie Javes' illness, and it was the more unfortunate that this should have coincided with Good- wood, and so interfered with the house parties at West Dean Park. which as usual had been arranged for the races. Both Mr. and Mrs. Willie James are great favourites with the King and Queen, and their Majesties have, upon several occasions honoured them with their presence at West Dean Park. Mrs. James is one of the cleverest and wittiest women in Society, and is always exquisitely dressed. The Czarina.—Siuce the birth of the little Tzarevitch, the Czarina has lost all her habitual reserve and taci- turnity and there is little doubt that now this barrier between the young Empress and her subjects is with- drawn, she will become a great favourite. The Czarina is a beautiful woman, but up to a few months ago, a cold, hard expression did much towards marring her beauty. In the matter of dress, the Empress of all the Russia's is utterly indifferent, and her happiest hours are spent in her nurseries, which she personally superintends. Madame de Navarro.—Many hundreds of congratula- tory messages reached Madame de Navarro (Miss Mary Anderson) so soon as the news of the birth of a little daughter, to this once more popular actress of her day, became known. Madame de Navarro has one son, Jose Maria, aho is now nine years of age, and it is just six- teen years since she married sad left the stage. Madame de Navarro is considered to be even a more beautiful woman than she was a girl, which is saying much. as up to the time of her retirement, she was acclaimed quite the most beautiful actress on the stage. Fashionable Scent.—When perfume is used at all, the natural perfume of a flower,not merely an essence called by its name, is chosen by the fashionable womaa. The sweet pea blossom scent is having a great vogue just now, so also is the fragrance of the night-scented stock. Sachets worn in the different items of the toilette, and -placed in wardrobes and all receptacles for clothes' are however to be preferred to scent in liquid form. It is surprising bow many Royal ladies there are, who have chosen and remained faithful to the perfume of the violet, a scent beloved by our own Queen, and the Empress of Russia. Sun Headaches.—A sensible white linen sunshade lined with dark blue or dark green, should always be added to the holiday outfit, of the girl or woman who suffers 1 with headache brought on by the glare of the sun. The usual unlined parasol, or ea butcas is of no use when a powerful sun is in qu.stion, and the sunshade described is a great improvement upon ugly green spectacles. A I hat with a shady brim should also be worn by the sufferer from sua headache, moreover she will exper- ience further relief from a dark blue, or dark green gauze veil. A Velvet Season.—Velvet promises to be greatly worn during the coming autumn, entire gowns and wraps being built of it, while the majority of cloth, tweed, homespun and serge costumes in course of re- paration show collars, cuffs, and other forms of trim- ming of this particular fabric. The velvet buttons which appear upon all toilettes so ornamented are of enormous size. or else they run to the other extreme and very pettily reach vanishing point. Milliners are again lining, or partially lining, the brims of many of their newest hats with velvet, and this is a mode so eminently becoming that it is likely to. be greatly appreciated. About Gloves.—Much of the afterwear and good fit of a glove, depends upon the careful manner in which it is first put on. A spare half hour should be utilised for the purpose, when the hands ase cool, the fingers being worked on quite straight. A little glove powder should be dusted into the gloves before they are worn, and the buttons firmly sewn on. When removing gloves it is wiser to slip them over the hand, inside out, then they should be turned, pulled out, and laid to air for an hour or two. .

Packing Cut Flowers.—The recipients of boxes of cut flowers have often considerable cause to lament the want of a little care and forethought on the part of the packers. In the first place the flowers should be gathered in the early morning, before the sun is on them, next they should be placed in water for at feast two hours, the whole of the stalk but none of the blossom being submerged. Further, an hour befoto packing, the stems should be placed in tepid water, aria if a little moist cotton-wool is twined round them as the blooms are carefully stowed away, in the usual cardboard receptacle, there need be little fear that the flowers will arrive at their destination looking faded and crushed. The Care of Irons.—The housewife who neglects to look after her irons, is in much the same position as the man who refrained from waiting to sharpen his 4W. After use, irons should always be polished, and if the least suspicion of starch still adheres to them, they should be rubbed upon a board, on which has teem sprinkled a little powdered bathbrick. When rust or roughness attacks irons, they must be stood in a bath of paraffin for 24 hours, then they should be rubbed with a paste of bathbrick and paraffin, end finally polished with dry bathbrick. Trons should always be kept in a dry place and never placed face downwards. Home Neglect.—The modern housewife is the subject of severe censure in an article written by Mrs. Hugh Jackson, in one of the current magazines. She was, according to the writer, the best housekeeper in the world, and she is now the worst. This sweeping con- demnation seems to be in accordance with the idea, which is not peculiar to any one generation, that men, women, manners, and customs, are not so good as they used to he. We hear a great deal about the decadence of home life, but our mothers and grandmothers used to say much the same thing as is being said now, and declare that things were very different to what they were in their early days. If home life is decaying, it has been decaying a good many hundreds of years, but at tho same time, no one would deny that there have been marked changes in recent years in our home life. The further employment of women in all the pursuits of life is one contributing cause, and the greater love of riches and of show and display is another. It is however quite wrong to suppose that it is only women who neglect their homes in the pursuit of pleasure. The fault as often as not, does not rest with them at all, but with husbands who take a one-sided view of this question.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

SCHOLARS' FESTIVITIF,S AT ST. HELEN.—August Monday was very largely devoted in St. Helens to the pleasure of the children attending the various Sunday schools. During the morning numerous brass bands made their way to various parts of the town where the sr:loot children were in waiting. The big musters were at Lowe House, Holy Cross, and Sacred Heart Roman Catholic schools. Sacred Heart School, numbering about 1,600 children, went to linowsley-road to a field lent by Mr. Huhn°, where the usual sports and games were indulged in, and tea was served. At Denton's Green there was a very large attendance at the field where Holy Cross (1,300) and Lowe House (IWO) joined. The annual sports of the men's guilds were contested with great spirit, St. Mark's Church Sunday Schools and Bible class were the guests of Alderman C. Gamble and Mrs. Gamble at Haresflnch Park, and spent a most enjoyable afternoon. The Congregational Schools, Brook-street, were joined by Newtown and Gernird's Bridge, and enjoyed themselves at a field at Windle Smithies. The Wesleyan schools went to Moss Bank, and the Primitive Methodists to Knowsley-road. Apart from these outings the day passed off very quietly

A BATSMAN'S DEATH.

At Glossop on 1110-n-d—ai-WCO-ro-rner'S. inquiry was held regarding the death of Isaac Berry, who was killed whilst batting for the Hurst cticket team against Glossop on Saturday. The ball hit him on the chest in the region of the heart,and his death occurred immedi- atley. A doctor who gave evidence said that death was caused by the blow, and the soundest heart might be stopped by a similar shock. The ground was in good condition and no blame was attached to the bowler. The verdict of the jury was that death was due to accident.

*Fact versus Fiction.

The fiction is that another cocoa is "as good as Van

Houten's."

The fact is there is not another cocoa to equal Van

Houten's.

In every market in the world it is the standard by which all other cocoas are judged.

Van Houten's,

The Standard Cocoa of the world.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
MADGE.

ivicDoUGALL'S Pateitt SELF-RAISING FLOUR -BlllEplltTy. The Examiner, WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

LADY Ross MOLYNETTX.

Lady Rose Molyneux fiaa--I;eeii—in bad health for some time, but her death at Abbeystead, her own beautiful property in Lancashire, came as a great shock to many of her friends. She was a well-known figure in society some years ago. when she went out a great deal with her parents, the late Earl and Countess of Sefton. and she was noted for her wonderful red-gold hair, which, when loose, reached to her feet.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
A NOVEL FRUIT-BASKET.

Fruit arranged amongst its own leaves in a basket can be made into an artistic centre-piece for a luncheon or dinner table by the employ- ment of a little ingenuity. An ordinary 31b. wicker basket—such as is used for packing strawberries—will answer the purpose. Give it a coating of gold, silver, or lustre paint, which can be obtained ready for use at any oil-shop; twist a bright ribbon round the handle and tie in a bow at the top, and when you have filled it with apples, pears, grapes or plums, and given them a lining of green leaves, you will be sur- prised how pretty and effective is this simple table decoration. The Aznall strawberry baskets may be treated in the same fashion, but as they are unprovided with handles, it will be necessary to improvise one out of a bent cane or a piece of wire, which is concealed from view by the twisted ribbon. A "ST" GOWN.

As the summer is becoming somewhat ad- vanced, the woman who finds •herself in need of a "best" gown will be wise to turn her attention to voile and similar materials in preference to the filmy muslins and lawns which have hitherto occupied her attention. Our sketch illustrates a gown specially designed for achievement in thin voile. In colour a delicate grey, the dress is made over a foundation of amethyst silk, which has the most delightful effect seen through the filmy upper material. The draped bodice has a

round collar, terminating. in short stole ends, of Irish crochet, and it is edged with a knife- pleating of grey silk. Short elbow sleeves are finished with large rosettes and frills of the pleated silk. The very full skirt is long all round, and has for sole trimming a shaped band of the Irish crochet above three frills of pleated silk. The suggestion of amethyst in the lining is further carried out by waistband and buttons Df the same enchanting colour; while a final touch is given by the necklace of big amethyst. coloured beads worn On the little crochet vest. THE WAY TO CLOTHE • CHILD.

A correspondent of the Lancet gives the following advice as to the best and healthiest way of clothing a girl of between fourteen and fifteen: "A thin all-wool garment, extending from the neck to just below the knees, to be worn next to the skin; this should be very thin, with short sleeves during the summer and medium weight and long sleeves during the, winter. A ' maid's ' Corset, with shoulder-straps made of stout jean, and slightly shaped; this buttons down the front, lacing behind, and hag no whalebone or steel.. Dark-blue drill knickers should be worn which button to the lower edge of the corset. The last garment is petticoat of striped Oxford shirting with calico bodice, which in the winter may be made of Scotch wineey and thin flannel respectively. These clothes should be all changed and washed weekly. It may be noticed that there is no weight on the hips or about the waist, every- thing hanging from the shoulders. Thin cash- mere stockings, reaching well above the knee, and thicker ones for the winter, should be kept up by elastic suspenders from the corset."

11 Clit 4" i 1 ( i,.....,,, ros.,•• el , , i • , \ I ,f . 44444 ki,:ittc, . s , , 1 y , \ - ';nat:- - r-

===== 0002601_19050812_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THE SEASIDE.

A costume for seaside wear is shewn in the sketch. It is built of cream serge, and trimmed with a coarse silk braid woven in pale blue and white. The little coat is drawn in at the waist by small tucks, which give a slight fulness to the short ba:•que. Over the -Goat a rir-++T belt of pato blue kid is worn. The collar 'los to the wat.it in front. and is edged with _ oraid and adorned with anchors embroidered in pale blue silk. The sleeves are full at the top qf the arm,

but fit closely towards the wrist, where they are finished with a double strapping- of braid. The front is a separate affair, and is worn instead of a blouse, but it could he dispensed with when a blouse is worn. It is composed a pale blue cloth, and trimmed with crossed straps of braid. The seams of the skirt open out towards the horn, to shew panels of blue cloth, upon which the braid again appears, to correspond with the front. A smart little French sailor hat worn with tins costume, simply trimmed with a pale blue ribbon and a white-spotted chiffon veil. THE BRIDGE CRAZE.

The worst part of the bridge craze is its effects on young girls, says Lady Colin Campbell. What chance is there of aagirl ever developing a love of home, when she as once drunk deep of the excitement of afternoons and evenings devoted to bridge, and the winning or losing of money? The feminine brain is not, as a rule, remarkable for its strength of balante; and its tendency to exaggeration, either in good or evil, is a well- known characteristic. It has not the elastic ,re- cuperativeness of a man's brain, which can spring back to a normal condition as soon as the momentary strain of- excitement is over; and once the love of gambling takes possession of a woman she never returns to a normal condition. Seine years ago gambling on the Stock Ex- change was the fashionable feminine pastime; but that, though it claimed a good many victims financially, had nothing like 'so disintegrating an effect on the home-life of women as bridge has succeeded in establishing. TO-DAYS RZCIPE.

----- - A VEGETABLE Sone.—Two pints whole lentils. two onions, two carrots, three sticks celery, herbs, salt and pepper, two quarts stock or water. Wash the lentils well and soak them in water for twelve hours; put them on to boil with the vegetables in weak stock. add season- ing, bon until tender; it will, take two or three hours; remove the bunch of nerbs and pulp the rost through a sieve. Return to the stew-pan. boil up, keeping it well stirred; if too thick add a little more stock or milk. Serve with fried bread.

1 i ; ';‘,,,A41 ')• sof I t , i , 1, 11111 f 4 ; ! i t 1 • : "4114' , i 1 A ..1 A I ' ! • I • I ; f 1 i . i • ,( ! ! •LA i _-_-=-,6- --=• 4:4fif tit 4, : , :

===== 0002601_19050812_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BLACK MOTOR CAR

Br J. B. HARRIS BURLANA

I CHAPTER XXX. VENGENCE IS MINE!" • I ONLY ask two things of you," said , lordison, " and then you shall both go free." He was standing by the iron gate at the end of the tunnel. Arthur Holme and Lady Agnes Cliffe both faced him. Their wrists were still bound, but their faces glowed with the light of a great joy. They had been very near to death, but now life, and all that life meant to them, was within their grasp. Suddenly, and for no 'apparent reason, the man who had held them in his cruel grip, had bid them both go free. The n ght was over and the day was at hand. The sun itself, now rising from the east and turning the wide expanse of wet sand into a glory of gold. was not so resplendent as the light of freedom that had suddenly flashed up from the dark horizon of pain and death. "I only ask two things of you," repeeted Jordison, "but you must swear ein the holy cross that you will do them. In the first place, you must both swear never to reveal either directly or indirectly, this hiding-place of mine, nor give any assistance, either direct or indirect, to those who desire to capture me." "I will swear that," replied Holme, stern- ly, "though God knows ,what evil I shall dc the community." Lady Agnes murmured some words to the same -effect, and Jordison produced a small bone cross. "This cross," he said, was found in these caverns, in the bony fingers of a man whc perhaps died for his faith in the time of the Romans. It is, without doubt, a most holy and sacred relic. You will each swear the oaths I desire by your God and the hope of your future salvation, and you will each kiss this symbol of your faith to seal the words you nave spoken." Holme swore the desired oath and kissed the little cross. Then Lady Agnes did the same, repeating the words in a faint and faltering voice and shuddering as her lips touched the bone symbol of early Christianity. "Now," continued Jordison, "you must each swear to me a separate oath. You. Arthur Holme, must swear that you will tell Lady Agnes Cliffe the true story of your life, and that you will marry her before a year has passed. You, Lady Agnes Cliffe, must swear that you will marry the man you love in spite of all opposition on the part of your parents. There is nothing disgraceful in his past his- tory. He is a true and sterling man. I have done him a great wrong, and I intend „to repair it. Do you both agree to swear these oaths ? " The two you •; people looke I at each other in 'bewilderment. They mild hardly bel eve heir ears. Jordison had attempted both 'heir lives, and now as an alternative to tie:ie., he asked them to swear to fulfil the dearest wish of their hearts. They could understanc the necessity of the first oath, but the second one was incomprehensible "Why," began Bolme in a stammering voice. "Don't ask any questions," broke in Jordi- son savagely and abruptly, "for I shan't answer them. Will you swear ? " "I will, so help' me God," Holme said fer- vently "if Lady Agnes—" and he stopped and • looked enquiringly at the woman be loved. "Yes, Arthur," she said faintly. Her white face flushed with crimSon, and there was a tender light in her eyes. They both swore the oath, and once more they kissed the crosl. "The hardway goes round Po the back of the island," said jordison. " Keep dose to the land till you come to a white piece of rock. Then strike across the sand in a straiOt line between the white rock and a black post on the shore beyond the salt marsh. You will than find a read and have no difficulty in reaching home. Be sure and keep the strai:zlit line between the points I have named. On either side of you lies an enemy that -wilt not be so merciful to you as William Jordison." With these words Jordison took out a knife and cut their bonds and they were free. Without another word he unlocked the iron gate, and swinging it back on its hinges, stood aside to let them pass. They went out together without a word. Jordison watched their figures disappear round the end of the tunnel. He closed the gate with a crash and locked it. Then he turned abruptly on his heel and picking up a lamp from the ground, ' retraced his steps into the tunnel. And so ; William Jordison went back into the dark- ness, and his son went out into the light. j Twelve hours later the black car stood in the centre of the cavern ready for its last journey. Jordison had decided to run it to within a few miles of Liverpool before day- break, and to ritake his way from that port to America. He had shaved ofr his beard and moustache, and his gaunt face looked wolfish and hideous in its nakedness. I.ipp had packed such things as they re- quired for the voyage in two trunks, and I placed them on the car. Concealed about their clothes, sewn here and there iu linings, scattered singly so as to escape the notice of the most diligent Customs' officer, were 450,000 worth of jewels. They had been picked from their settings and occupied an amount of space that was ridiculously small eompared to their value. Lipp lit the lamps, and the two men took th6ir seats in the car. Then Jordison started the engines, and a few seconds later they glided through the open door and slipped down the long narrow passage to the sea. When they emerged into the open the moon was shining brightly over the waste of sand and water. Jordison steered slowly round the island till he reached the white rock, then he turned off at right angles and made straight for a twinkling speck of yellow in the west. The black post was invisible at night, but this light, which shone from the West Ray Light- ship, lay some ten miles beyond in the same straight line. They crossed the dangerous sands in safety, though every now and then a sudden sinking of the wheel warned the driver that he had run over the edge of the track. Then they glided up a gentle slope, passed over the edge of the bank which kept the tide out of the low lying land, and went slowly westwards over the marshes. The road was execrable. It was little more than a grass track, and the stones that had originally formed its foundation :protruded through the thin layer of soil. It ran parallel 'to the road leading to the Red House, some eight miles north of it, and joined the old Roman Causeway. It had been originally constructed to bring up sand and shingle from the beach, but had not been used for many years. Where it joined the Causeway it had sunk several inches, and was submerged for a hundred yards in a shallow lake of water. On either side of it lay many miles of desolate marsh lands When the motor reached the main road Jordison turned to the left and went south- ward. Lipp pointed out in picturesque language that this was not the way to Liver- pool. "I am aware of that, Lipp," Jordison re- plied grimly. "I have to call at Heather- stone Hall first." Lipp pointed out the risk and broke into a torrent of oaths at Jordison's fool-hardiness. But the latter intimated that his servant Gould leave the car then and there if he liked, laid Lipp relapsed into sullen silence. Shortly after II o'clock the car glided under the shadows of the overhanging trees in th park. Jordison alighted, and told Lipp to keep his eyes and ears open. If anyone dis- covered the car he was to run straight back to the cavern. He, Jordison, would understand what had happened, and could make his way, to their hiding-place on foot. heWhen he had given these final instructions, climbed over the wall and made his way through the plantation into the park. Hi.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Saturday, August 12, 1905. SCIENCi--NOTE-S- -GLEANINGS.

gaunt— face looked horrible in the -moonlight. The loss of his beard and moustache laid bare all the evil lines of his features. The head of a vulture, peering found for the dead carcase of man or beast was not more loathly to look upon.

Ana Jordison's errand that night was death. Re had resolved to kill Marie de la Mottle before he left England. Then, at last, his life-work would be accomplished. He had found his lson and provided the young man's future happiness. It only remained tc pay the debt he owed to the woman whc had made him the thing he was. _ .

His unbalanced mi-d, no. longer able to

distinguish between right and wr-t' 0n... saw no evil in the thing he was about to do. The cold-blooded murder of a defenceless -woman had assumed the appearance of a splendid act of justice. Jorclison compared himself to an executioner, who carries out the sentence of the law. No criminal, he argued to himself, was more worthy of death than this woman. She had taken nalife, but she had rained that . which was more precious than mere physical existence—the soul of a man who might have . done much good, but who had sunk lower than the beasts that perish. Jordison saw nothing of Ills own free will in the matter. He only saw that all the misery and crime of his Life lay at the door of Marie de la MOthe, and for that he had sentenced her to death. He Crept 'sloMy: through- the park; moving on all fours from tree to tree, and crawling slowly to ,the great white house that glistened in the -moonlight.- He was but a small black patch on the greel, to the eye of his God no more than a wolf advancing on its prey, but to himself the stern shadow of impending gloom, resistless, -glorious in his purpose, inevitable. In either poclset . lay a heavy loaded revolver, and he carded a dozen spare car- . trisL.T.e.,„rut theee weapons were Only to be used :in case of discovery, When he. might be cornered and have to fight for his lie. For the purroo:! of his mission he trusted to a pair of muscidar hands, the primeval Weapons of man. When he reached the house, he was sur- prised to see that it was in darkness. Not a single light -.appeared in the long line of win dows, save that which the glass reflected back from the mson. As a rule the Heatherstonee entertained largely while they were in resi- dence, and had guests at dinner nearly -every night in the weLk. rut to-night they had evidently gone to bed early, and Jordison was grateful for the good fortune which had smiled on his enterprise. It Was, in his own mind, but one more :proof that he was a chosen .instrument of 'jitstir.e. He crept clutionsiy• through the shrub

beries and made his I;,f.ty to the north sid.7.! of the house.. He effected an entrance through one of the windows of the servants' hall, and, taking off his boots, groped his way to the foot of the, big staircase. He , ascended_ this, and found himself in a long corridor, dimly lit by two gas', jets,--,turned down to small bluish tongues of flame He walked ,along it on tip- toe, and came into another and wider corridor, thickly carpeted and leading to the principal bedrooms of the east wing. Here he was on known ground, and had no difficulty in lo- cating the door of the -Countess's- bedroom. It was, as he had ascertained many months pre- viously, the third- door from the end .of the corridor. He placed hi 43 Angers on the handle and turning it softly, opened the doer. Once again good fortune was on his side, for after the burglaries at Heatherstone Hall it was more than probable that it would have been locked. The room was in total darkness. He entered quickly and closing the door behind him Waled the key. , Once in the c;ioin and out of the Light ol the passage he breathed. more securely. He leaned against tiv wall and listened. . There was absolute siVnce. . His hand touched the switch of the el•ctric right. Then, he hesi- . . . . .

tated. Though h ku'e,‘v. that '.heaven would applaud his de,!ct. he had no wish to see the thing he was about to do. No, she should die there in the darkness. It was a more fitting end to her life. .

He held his breath and listened again. He . .

thought it odl that he could not- hear the sound of her breathing. The .sudden thought struck him that he had perhaps, after all, mis- taken the room, or that the family had left Heatheirstone and., that Lady Heather- stone, departing from 11,,r habits of over two years, had gone with them. Once more he placed his hand upon the switch, and once more he hesitated

• Then he crept stealthily from the wall, and as he moved across the soft carpet to the bed, he suddenly noticed that there was a strange smell in the room, a sweet sickly smell like perfume, or tlw, sCAnt of hothouse flowers. For some reas.m or other it brought back a vivid memory of a scene in his past life—the first day he had ever kissed Marie de la Mothe. He remembered it well. She was pinning a gardenia in his buttonhole. . .

When lie reached the edge of the bed he stopped, and again listened. Then he passed his hand lightly over the coverlet and dis- covered that there was someone lying beneath it. Then he moved his fingers along the recumbent form and across a pair of folded arms, till they touched the outline of a face hidden beneath a piece of velvet. He knew then that it was the face of the Countess of Heatherstone. He passed his hands under the edge of the mask, and suddenly gripped the throat.

But directly ' his fingers closed on the neck he whipped his hands away and staggered back from the bed, with difficulty suppressing a cry of horror. The flesh was cold as marble, and the chill of it went through his whole body from head to foot. He crept through the darkness till he found the switch by the door. Then he turned the light on and looked towards the bed. There lay the Countess of Heatherstone with her arms folded across her breast, and a cross ol white flowers at her feet. William Jordison went over and looked at her long and earnest. ly. The white hand of death had hidden the ravages of disease, as snow hides the ugli- ness of a devastated land. Then suddenly he stepped forward, and re- placing the velvet mask on her face crept from the room like a beaten hound. face, had taken her punishment into his own hands, and William Jordison knew that his Maker had discarded him, as a man discards a broke, knife.

(THE-END.]

===== 0002601_19050812_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
LOW VITALITY.

Fnfeebled Nerveless Men Gain Vigour From Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

Men who drift into a state of low vitality are easy prey to 'serious diseases.. To regain energy and nerve 1 - for work they need the rich new blood supplied by ',., W quote the words of Mr. It D. Lloyd. 1 • A WONDERFUL PLANT. Dr. Williams' Pink pins for pair What is 'a lichen? In some respects it is the : most wonderful ' plant with which • the botanist was , elha:sead cwomithbinthateionnig: of Foelback Fair near Corwen, , has to deal. At one time it was rermrrled es it North Wales: "'Many months ago I became very weak and I Then it was placed in a special class by itself. 111, after feeling ' run down.' •wii For a long time I hail to give Now it has been I fungus, at anothero',i,t,, fungus and alga living together in close asso- up work. I had terrible pains elation and each doing a part of the work of inthe stomach and sometimes . Doctors .said I assitudation. , The fungus olabora tes the nitro- vomited blood. I genous matter', and the alga supplies the chloro. I was suffering from gastric I phyll for the decomposition of the carbon di- catarrh, but though I con- , oxide of. the air. In popular language, a stilted three, my state of health lichen may he described as a mushroom, which was most serious. I touched has set up housekeeping with a seaweed, on the scarcely any food, for n nrineiple of the division of labour. The fungus stomach was too weak I i not parasitic on the seaweed, nor the seaweed digest it, and attempts to et ri the fungus. Each does a part of the vggrk. were followed by intensi tnd each reaps an advantage from the labours of pains. My lace became haggard the other. It is a ease of what biologists call and I lost weight, while my . "symbiosis," which means, a living together, weakness increased. Not nntil :In the Eulletin of the Imperial Natural His- August last did I find a real ana permanent cure. , tory Society of Moscow. Professor Elenkin dim. Then I read of a case like mine being cured by Dr.. cusses the relations existing between the fungi Williams, Pink Pills, and I gave them a trial. After and the algte in the lichen thanes. his investi- two boxes of the pills I felt better in every way. Icon- gations 'S(senl" to simoort the conclusion that the tinned them, and my strength returned. I could digest algae are passive agents, and that the fungi are food and enjoy it. More than that, I was able to the predominant partners, taking. more than resume work. I Should add that my sister was cured of they give. In sonic, eases the parasitic action Of rheumatism by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills." the fungi on the cells of the alp° has been For men svh-ose vitality is low, and women languish- de,ionstrateil AMI in i.. ;0 lichens Elenkin lag " from anemia, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are finds that the number of dead algm cells is. unrivalled. They make rich red blood and fortify the greet em than Of those which are living. Most nerves. They have Cured also Indigestion, Bile, Kidney of these dead cells seem to have been destroyed Disease, Rheumatism, Paralysis, Locomotor Ataxy, and I v the fungus partner, and are afterwards g radu- ladies' ailments. Of all dealers; also from Dr. Williams' Illy ahsorhed bv it. ElenHit swzgests that the Medicine Co., Holborn-viaduct, London, for 2s. Od. a algie in the lichen partnership are to be looked r box, or six for 1.35. 9d, spoil as " h rattie than symbiouts. elots '',

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.)

Peopi 7431: //4 r? Y gOt. ;t3 „ It A - rn-1( L.Lss r Thit Man and the Cur&

===== 0002601_19050812_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
AND

THE world's roses are estimated by Mr. J. G. Baker, F.R.S., to include 69 primary species. Of these 29 grow native in Europe; 26 in Northern Asia; 18 in Western Asia; 9 in India; 10 in Western North America; 6 in Eastern North America.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
A DENTIST'S SPRING-MOTOR.

The spring-motor of Dr. Bercut, a French surgeon-dentist, rotates a flexible cable 500 to 1,500 times per minute, running twelve minutes to an hour and a-half, according to the work performed, and is intended for dental and bone- cutting operations, massaging, &c. It is wound by the help of a metallic cord. It has proved exceedingly useful where electric power is not available, and can be taken to patients' homes, or elsewhere.

THE WEIGHT OF THE BODY IN WATER. The human body has been lately proved by Dr. Ferrier, a French investigator, to be some- times heavier and sometimes lighter than pure water, so that a person may float in salt water and sink in fresh. Abnormal lightness seems to occur in certain victims of hysteria and ner- vous disease, and in witchcraft days the " trial by water" would have convicted such unfortu- nates as being in league with the devil.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
VENOMOUS LARVA.

M. Laveran has made an interesting an- nouncement to the French Academy of Sciences, based upon the researches of M. Phisalix. This communication is to the effect that the " eggs" of bees contain the same poison prin- ciple as the venom of the sting itself. This fact, it is claimed, has been established by ab- solutely convincing experiments on birds. As the fixation of venom by the " eggs " is stated to hold good of all venomous creatures, the dis- covery has an obvious importance as throwing light on the phenomena of heredity.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO KEEP YOUNG.

The art of keeping young, we are told by Pro- fessor Goldschneider, of Berlin, consists in keep- ing sound the blood-vessels, for we are only as old as the heart and the arteries. Long life is best ensured by early attention to the heart, though care begun in old age will often accost plish much. A great danger lies in abnormal demands on the organ, and little ,injuries accum- ulate, so that serious harm must come from the abuse of alcohol or tobacco, of eating too much, of too great muscular effort, or even of mental overwork. Moderation in all things is required. Exercise should not be violent nor too little in amount, elasticity of the blood-vessels should be promoted by frequent exposure of the skin to the air and water, and work, food, and sleep should bo th ough t v adjoe-e,I. Old people need constant movement, with not too much sleep.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ASTRAL REFRACTION.

The atmosphere through which we view the heavenly bodies being curved like a watch glass, causes a certain deflection in their apparent line of direction as observed from the earth, and in- troduces a certain difficulty into the study of their laws of motion. M. Locury has kid before the French Academy of Sciences a device per. fected by himself for correcting tkis deviation. Selecting two stars, near enough to be viewed through one lens, he takes an exact measure- ment by moans of two mirrors held in the hand like two branches of a compass of the angle which separates them. This angle is, of course, always the same, since the two stars always respond in parallel degree to the apparent move- ment of the celestial sphere. Any difference in the angle is, therefore, that of the atmospheric refraction.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
REVOLVING SEA-LIGHTS.

The characteristic features which differentiate the light given by one lighthouse from that given by another have been introduced for various rea.sons, says a writer in the Windsor Magazine. The substitution of revolving in place of fixed sealights arises naturally enough from the in- creasing number of bright fixed lights on ships and on shore. The group-flashing system, which is acknowledged to afford the best character- istics for revolving lights, wits brought forward by Messrs. Chance in 1874, under the superin- tendence of their then scientific adviser, the late Dr. John Hopkinson, who invented it, and it has been adopted by all maritime countries. Mixed lights of fixed and revolving sections are no longer considered satisfactory, and, what strikes the outsider as being very remarkable, colour is being gradually abandoned. Of recent years " lightning Lights " (leux clairs) have come into use, and this new system, in which the weight of the apparatus is supported on mercury, and the friction consequently reduced to a minimum, has made it possible to rotate the optical apparatus at a much higher speed than formerly, with the result that the duration of the flash has, in many oases, been reduced to one-tenth of a second.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
BACTERIA AND CHEESE-MAKING.

Bacteriological research has shown that cheese - making is a sort of gardening —an inverted gardening, in which • the plants are grown to modify the soil. In other words, the texture and flavour of the various cheeses depend on the species of moulds and 'bac- teria which grow in , them during the making. Stilton, Cheddar, Gruyere, &c., do not depend for their peculiarities on the miik, or the dis- trict where they are made. They can be made anywhere if the right bacteria and moulds are grown in the curdled milk. In the Bulletin of the Storrs Agricultural Station, Conn., it it shown that the ripening of the Camembert type of cheese is due to definite species of moulds and bacteria. One species of the former gives the cheese its peculiar texture, and it, along with the another, determines the flavour. The acidity is given by lactic acid bacteria, which also serve to retard the action of other species. It is claimed that a knowledge of the various moulds and bacteria concerned enables the cheese- maker to control the final results with greater certainty.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
A CASE OF TELEPATHY.

Professor Riche, the new President-elect of the Society of Psychical Research, has related an interesting case of telepathy,vvhich is worthy, says a writer in 2'. P.'s Weekly, of being repro- dused, since it has never before appeared in print. "I daresay you are aware, said the great physiologist, "that I was once the editor of the Revue Seientifique. Well, one day, IMMO years ago, I saw on the other side of the street (the Rue de l'Universite) down which I was walking, a friend of mine, Monsieur B—, a professor at the Lyons Faculty of Medicine. As he rarely came to Paris, this greatly surprised me. Seeing that he was walking rapidly, and being myself rather in a hurry. I did not cross the street to speak to him. 'He is sure to come to see me first thing,' I said to myself, as I hurried on towards my work. When I had been in the office about a quarter of an hour, sure enough the garcon de bureau brought in my friend's card. But, as Monsieur B-- ap- peared in the doorway, I immediately recognised that he was not the man I had seen in the street; he was, indeed, different in many ways. To make sure, however. I said to my friend: "• Were you in the Rue de l'Universite about half-an-hour ago ? " No,' was the reply, 'I have come straight from the railway-station, where I arrived by the 10.30 train.' Now, as far as I could tell, it was at that very time that I thought I saw my friend,,of whose visit to Paris, II moreover, I had not the slightest idea. I cannot regard this as a mere coincidence: it is only ex- plainable to my mind by admitting the hypo- thesis of telepathy."

===== 0002601_19050812_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
AN UNCONVENTIONAL HOT IDA Y BY CYCLE AND BOAT,

3. E. CLARK, B.A. (Author of " Marvels of Ai,other World," 4c.)

Some of us, from choice or force of circum- stances, look at home for that recreative change which others search after in Switzerland end Norway, the Rhine, the, Riviera, or the Italian Lakes. Scotbind, Lakeland, and Wales may have grown familiar to us, although few will have wearied of them. Nevertheless it is well

to remember that other spots in England will repay a visit. We may recall the Yorkshire Dales, whether in the west or the less known east, the Derbyshire hills, WcTce4er's Malvern, Somerset's Emnoor. Mid North and South Devon. Familiarity with these " has afforded. many a cheering reminiscence, sometimes rising almost unbidden in pauses of busy work and city life, as refreshing as im oasis iii the desert, n the midst of the hard grind of daily toil. lint of all these visions few are brighter to the present writer than those conj tiled up by the name of Wye, even although its upper reaches remain still to him it sealed book.

Happy the wanderer who can while away A week in this charming neighbourhood, but even the scant measure of a Saturday to Monday will suffice to reveal a fair knowledge of those beauties which it shall be our task to delineate. But there are one or two preliminaries. From what point shall we come F In what season f' And bow shall we travel

Where choice is free, let " downwards," " sprhig time," " cycling," be the response. Hereford is the natural boundary between the upper and lcwer regions. There is a sense of fitness in journeying with the rapid flowing waters, and not against their tide. As to the season, in Spring all is hope and promise, the breezes are freshest, the S'aln shines brightest. THE START.

Lastly, IA to the mode of travel. Apart from cycling one has the choice of train or tramping, carriage or boat. . The first is too evanescent, carriage and boat mean cost, though it may be well to use the latter through some of the love- lier parts, when the train will help on the bi- cycle. Tramping is most independent, but means much leisure and occasional weariness on stretches of less interesting road. Cycling, too' allows a more leisurely approach to the centre of interest. As in dining, it is it mistake to attack the piece de reei.oetioe out ()I hand. Or as in a siege, the first parallels should be laid same distance off. This adds not a little to the charm. Suppose our cyclists—for two are company—come to Worcester at •evening. A pleasant hour's run will land them among the Malverns for a preliminary draught of fresh pure air. It is a charming morning's ride by Ledbury to Hereford.' First comes a good climb round one end of \ the bills. Just under the Herefordshire Beacon, a detour of a couple of miles leads through Eastnor Park. It well re- pays the extra time, for the park is very beauti- ful, and the three miles run through it is an almost unbroken gentle descent, such as may well charm the heart of any cyclist. But pause an instant at that small track on the right, a few hundred yards before the inner lodge gates and look high up into the oak. Its leaves half hide a splendid mistletoe bough. Only twc others, it is said, are knowu growing on oak ; and one of these is in Germany. We pass on through a rolling country, rich in orchard and pasture, and at last see Hereford Cathedral and Church spires before us. A visit to the former and the beautiful Castle grounds overlooking the Wye. may fitly fill tip part of our midday rest. The cathedral is replete with Norman architecture, of an earlier date than the rich- ness of its ornamentation might lead one to ex- pect. . Let us note, in passing, the peculiar wealth of the region we are to pass through in architectural interest, whether of churches, so many graced with lofty spires, or ancient castles. But even for the most indifferent, Here- ford Cathedral offers one object of peculiar in- terest, the most ancient known map, time " mappa mundi " of a 13th century ecclesias- tical, Awed on the faeta. and fancies -handed downby the ancients.

HEREFORD TO STMOND'S TAT'.

Hereford tells us of olden time in other ways. Coming from the north-west you would cycle in by Watling Street, I that legacy of Roman engineers, which later, from here to Loudon, formed the dividing line between Saxon and Dane. In " Offa's lane " on the north of the Cathedral Close, we come across the Saxon's famous dyke; to divide his folk from the Welshman, and which we come across again more than once along the Wye, until from Chepstow you can follow its course from the opposite bank, across the peninsula to the Severn.

But it is time we passed on, spending the night at Ross, whose ancient citizen, John Kyrie, has passed into fame as "The Man of Ross," on account of the many good deeds done by him for his beloved little town and country side. The Wye sweeps in beneath it with one of its sudden curves, and here, if on boating we are 'bent, is the fittest place to make our start. For just below Ross begins the region which has made the Wye most himed. But with easiy morning, let us ride on, taking the route over Kerne Bridge, the last road-bridge before Mon- mouth. The river sweeps below in a magnifi- cent bend to the left, beneath the ruins of Goodrich Castle. Our road brings us toward Goodrich Church, passing in a cutting below a tine archway in which the tapering spire is charmingly trained. Soon we leave the road for a. track leading round a hill to the ferry for Syniond's Yet. This Is a fine crag, rising some 450 feet above the stream at the narrow neck of a great bend of the river. After a course of nearly four miles the river is but 000 yards nearer the sea. No lovelier view than that . now given by the Yat can be imagined.

ISY IiOAT TO ICIONNIOUTIf.

Let us _ come down to the water, and take

boat to Momnouth, so fie to see_ the six miles of

I lovely scenery to perfection. The stream is here ' hemmed in by three counties, Gloucestershire and Hereford are to the left and right, and the hill in front, which seems to bar all progress, is in Monmouthshire. The succession of limestone buttresses on our right is the " Seven Sisters." They stand out from the cliff like pillars, or again assume a curious wall-like form, as if they belonged to the defences of one of the ancient castles. Once again we are indebted, geologically, for the beauty of the spot to the Mountain Limestone, thief tormation which, apart. from Lakeland, supplies newly all the finest rock scenery hi England. One need only mention Ingleborough, Mani Alll and (lordale Scar in Yorkshire, )iathick end Dovedale Derbyshire, Cheddar in Somerset, and the Avon gorge below Bristol. The Wye, iedeed, is ti variation upon this last. There the river has cut down through no opposing barrier, leaving vertical cliffs, 260 feet or in,,re,ni height, across which at Clifton, man has boldly thrown the finned and tilmost fairy-light suspension bridge. Here the Wye has worked along the western borders of the continuous ring, the upper edge of the basin in which • He the coal tleids of the Forest of Dean. Ti' that ancient folest, indeed, belong the trees fruiging its left bank. Once and again the river cuts throngh the underly- ing rocks as well, the ehocolate•colonred. masses of the old red sandstone. this rich tone of which comes in pleasing contrast to the grey limestone crags above. But, passing from one seeee of beauty to an- other, we are nen ii I ' B Oninonth. The rapid river has helped our lwatman. it varies much in depth. Now sr" in'ctlltiollly poling clown shallows. where the gn•en water weed, as it waves in the swift-lh.-,vh;g waters, almost choke the chimnel. Now wi• slot into a pool forty feet deep, and hi-loved f illnon. • Upon it, his frail craft dancing 'pt he wiresZlres raised by the • strong south-westesly fl fisherman iu his coracle. How it brought one back to ancient times, the short swarthy man, direct descendant no doubt of the original British race, fishing there in the manner and boat identical with Csesar's description given us nearly 2000 years ago. Made of skin, stretched over an almost circular frame, it looks no safer than a tub. Yet it rides the waves so lightly that its master can venture out where ordinary boats would be swamped.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
RAGLAN CASTLE.

And now, having reached and admired the picturesque little town ot Monmouth, let us make a detour to ilmrlau. a short seven talles

trwajr. winen mounts firs-P=IIE4M among _wire, castles, as Heidelberg intiong those upon the. Rhine. Its towers and halls, also, have the same - rich hue given by the red sandstone of which' they are built. It has, too, a similar mighty tower, and also bait-Gestroyect utter its last great siege, that it might net trouble the enemy again. For here, after his fatal battle at Nase- by, Charles I. found refuge with Lord Lean.- champ, one of his staunchest supporters' al- though already past his four score years. Fifty thousand men and a linnlred thousand pounds did he place at the service of his luckless- guest, lint in vain. Then came Fairfax, and the last castle faithful to the misguided monarch fell, costing its loyal owner it second slim of equal value, and a shameful imprisomnent. Let us return for the night to Symonds Yet, 'to prolong our enjoyment of its charms. The train brings us up by the river in the deepening twi- light. The scene front the balcony of the unpre- tending little hotel is still most fascinating. Far down the river the lone fisherman in his lime coracle forms a black spot among the- greys. The birds are 111:ing the Woods With their evening songs. One by one they grow silent, and now only ii single songster breaks in upon the murmur of the waters. All night long the - nightingale keeps up its tender deep-toiled notes, until with earliest dawn, thrush and blackbird nod warblers join_in chorus again.

But we must proceed. Very charmine• for the cyclist, is the ride on from Monmouth to Tin- tern, where, we see the Wye in a new phase. T:ie clear sparkling stream lots become the tur- bid river, its waters brown with the mud that can never settle in its restless ebb cud flow. For the tide at Chepstow is something to re- member. Forty feet is no uncommon rise and fall ; it may vary as much as sixty. One must go to the Bay of Fundy to get anything exceed- ing this.

TINTERN ABBEY. What an eye the old monks ever had for situation, as a rule in some sequestered valley, where the stream could provide the needful Fri- day's fish. lint of all spots thus selected few equal, none excel, that chosen for Tinter'', and its founders rose to the occasion by rearing one of the most beautiful buildings in our land. Among our ruined abbeys it stands without a peer, for fate has been kinder to it than to most of its comrades, sparing nearly all the main walls of its church, and sufficient tracery of its graceful windows to lend an airy lightnes, sad- ly missed where only heavy walls retnain.s Love- ly indeed Are the peeps of the apple orchards framed in by these windows. Lovely too had been the hushes and trees of crab and may along the edges of the stream. Still keeping along the turbid r.tream, the Wynd Cliff now raises its lofty ramparts. almost sheer above the water. It is but 90 feet high, yet only among our mountains can so striking

' 1

a panorama be obtaiwal. Here we must leave the Wye. How ems this be better done than by riding along the Sev- ern, skirting now the western edge of the For- est of Dean, passing through Gloucester and Tewkesbury, and, it may be, to end again, at Worcester, whence we tint set forth. Daresbury Petty Sessions. _-- TuEsDAY.—Before H. Neild (in the chair) and F. Monks and Colonel Ridgway. SPENT A LEGACY GLOBE TROTTING —William Henry Wilkinson, of Kekewick was charged with deserting hit wife Florence.—Complainant said she was now living at Leonard-stteet with her sister. Her husband had • given her no money since she was married about a year and eight months ago. A sum of £7sohad been left her by an uncle, and when she received the money her husband " wandere'd." (Laughter.) When all the money had been spent the defendant told her to "sing • for a living in town." He married her because the money had been left to her.—Questioned by the Bench complainant stated that she and her husband "had been away round the globe."—An order was made upon the defendant to conttibute ss. a week towards his 4 wife's maintenance.

A Su o CASt.—Peter Hall, jun., was charged with having on the 12th July stolen two chickens, of the value of 35., the property of his father, Peter Hall, Hollin Edge Farm, Acton Grange.—Mr. Jenkins appeared to defend the prisoner. He said he had had interviews with the father, and it was that the lad should be sent to Canada, the father to pay a second- class passage and to give him sufficient funds to enable him to start in life, and he (Mr. Jenkins) to see the lad set sail at Liverpool. There were questions on both- sides which would have to be considered if the case was gone into,and it was undesirable the Court should do, anything to embitter the relationships motel existing-. between the father and the son. He ventured to think that what he had mentioned was a sensible solution of the position.—The Bench agreed to adjourn the ease sine die on the understanding that the arrangestent mentioned by Mr. Jenkins was carried out. THEFT OF SCENT.—Elizabeth Restage (14), of Stockton Heath, was charged with having on the 17th July stolen two bottles of scent, the property of Mr. Herbert Tukton.—The complainant stated that on the day in question the defendant came into his shop and asked for some salts of lemon, and while bis back vies, turned she picked up a bottle of scent. She went away and shortly afterwards returned and asked how the salts were to be used. Subsequently he missed a second bottle of scent, and as she was the only customer who, bad been in the shop for the time he charged her ttith the theft. She admitted the theft and gave him one of the bottles.—The Bench decided to deal with the girl under First Offenders Act, and she was ordered to psi' for the scent and the costs.

I

et!, NI In this. the centenary year of .V4oi Ajmiral, we arc i;iving 11111,1 tit beautif '

PC'T C‘RDS >i

d ing <,Tt Cf. 111/ II /KC • I/'

COLMAN'S STARCH.

•

1 I

===== 0002601_19050812_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NV).

===== 0002601_19050812_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CRICKET.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
4£44)*

Bu . E kip :n‘ e

===== 0002601_19050812_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WEST LANCASHIRE _LEAGUE.

First Division. '

WA RRINGTON V. ST. HELENS.—Warrington suffered :another defeat on Saturday when they met St Helens at Arpley. Score :

ST. HELENS. trmstonc Plinston b

WARRINGTON. Mason lbw b Horner 19

Thaw! is 7R. Turner run out VC'arci c and b Bibby Walmsley c and b Bibby 12 Richardson c Marsh b Marsh c Podmore b Urmson 0 __

Thewlis -a. Turner c Thewlis Horner c Hampson b Horner l9 Biliby 1 Hind c end b Horner 0 .A. Dennett c Bibby Tickle not out 2B T,Jrmnon 1 L. Dennett c Mason Plinston not out Hampson c Tickle b Horner 7 Extras

WARRINGTON ST. PAUL'S V. ALTRINCII All ST. GEORGE'S.—Played at Arpley on Saturday. Souse : ST. PAUL'S. ST. GEORGE'S. E. H. Mann b Taylor .., 0 C.F. Suggett b Forster 2 S. Seed b Suggett . . ... .4. 3 W. Skinner b Lawless 1 F. Gardner b Armstrong 21 F.Armstrong b Lawless 12 W. Lawless b Armstrong 34 L.WithingtonbLawless 1 J. Barker c W. Skinner b P. Lee b Lawless Armstrong J. Ward lbw c Fleur 4 F. Taylor b Waywell 0 J. Waywell o Skinner b W. Yarwell b Lawless 6 Fleur 4 C. Matley not out l3 J. Wilson b Armstrong... 6 G. Fleur run out R. E. Forster not out ... 0 Dutton b Lawless 2 W. Swift b Armstrong ... 0 H. Perdue b Armstrong 0 Extras 5

Total

Extras 4

Total

"GUARDIAN" v. WARRINGTON THURSDAY.—PIayed on the" Guardian" ground on Bank Holiday. Score:— WARRINGTNN THURSDAY. "GUARDIAN." Gleave c Hackney b J. Woodhead b Wells 1 Burrell Wells b Woodhead 4 C. Gelderd b Pickers- Pickersgill c Ward b gill . Woodhead • 1 C. Burrell at Roberts 1 Bell c and b Burrell 2 J. Ward c Wainwright White b Woodhead Wainwzight c Ward b C. Hackney b White 0 Woodhead Barns lbw b Woodhead 1 G. Davies c Bell b Brooks h Woodhead 3 White • 1 Cubs b Woodhead Roberts not out 5 J. Dring b Pickersgill 0 Orogen c& b Woodhead 0 J. Newton not out 1 Extras

Total 26

Total

===== 0002601_19050812_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

Extras 7

Total 134 BOWLING ANALYSIS. WORKS COMPETITION FINAL i ~.., ' ST. HELENS. WARRINGTON. PEARSON AND KNOWLES (No. 1) V. FLETCHER'S.—A 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. large crowd asseinhled on the King and Queen Hotel 'Mason l9 1 47 1 Urmson ... 19 2 34 3 green on Saturday to witness the meeting of the above A. Thewlis l4 3Si 8 Horner 182 342 6 teams in the final for the works competition. After an D.Plinston 6 0 17 0 indifferent start Pearson and Knowles carried everything -a• W. Bibby l4 3 32 4 before them and won handsomely, thereby, for the EARLESTOWN V STANLEY.—At Earlestown. Score : second year in succession, obtaining possession of the STANLEY. n EARLESTOWN. Fiulayson cup. Score : Makepeace lbw b Bates I Crawley c Lightfoot b ~ PE ARSON & KNOWLES. FLETCHERS. Smythe b Howarth - J. Hardn3an Moore c Robinson 13 Marsh b Moore ,:: S. Ball (captain) l5 J. W. Evans (captain) 8 Bates G Robinson run out Hoyle a Warburton b b Wilson • Bates . 1 Barr bG. Wilson 0 " 10 T. Hackett ' 15 Taylor b Bates C. Littlewe-od . Holmes b Howarth Wilson c Cravrley b Bates 2 Heade run out 0 P. Ball 'Wilson c Barr h Howarth 0 Bates bG. Wilson Lightfoot b Howarth ... 23 Emmett c Holmes bG. ,•' 'Scroggie not out Howarth b G. Wilson 2 Warburton not out 0 _ Extras

Total 77

168 121 Majority for Pearson and Knowles 44. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. Total lO9 HORSE AND JOCKEY V. BULL'S HEAD.—Plaved on &Am day on the Horse and Jockey green and esulted iin the defeat of the home team. Scores HORSE AND JOCKEY. LULLS HEAD. Second Division. fG. Holbrook, jun. WARRINGTON V. Sr. HELENS (SECOND ELEVEN).—The S. Harrison R. Edgington l5 F. Berry 14 Ni/arringtonians were represented by a poor team in this 14 H. Clare l5 return match played at St. Helens on Saturday, and J. Holbrook, seu. Were defeated by 33 runs. Score : T. Bretherton ST. HELENS. TON J2N H Jackson .T. Bate a Watkins b E. 'WARRINGTON 2ND' b ! A.' btr Sheerdine Bell 'T. Burrows b Bennett ... 31 F. Barker lbw bNeville 16 a . Bolton l4 E. Shaw l5 T. B. Rigby lbw bE. R. H. Lowe b Neville 0 T.Wells l5 A. Gleave l3 Pierpoint 6 R G.Pierpoiut bNeville 12 G. flighani 11. Edwards b Bell l2 H. Watkins b Burrows 11 W. Carter l5 George Bale l2 P— ! Newton b E Pierpoint 7 F.Plinston run out 5 ' R• Shaw hE. Pierpoint 6 W. H. Bell b Neville 1 ; 144 163 4. 'Edwards st Barker b A. L. Corney c Bate b ' Majority for Bulls Head, 19 .„ E. Pierpoint P. Neville b Bell IW. Bennett b 'P. B. the Horse and Jockey green on Saturday. Score : ~,I,r. W. Rigby run out 1 Rigby b Neville O. Scott bE. Pierpoint 2 T. Crompton not out 0 G. Higham Dr. Dow not out Extras H. Jackson Total 73 T. Harrison l5 F. Swift C R. Edgington Jno. Holbrook Friendly Matches. J. Holbrook, jun. D. Daniela SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. HINDLEY GREEN.—Played A. Shelinerdine '5ll Saturday at Hindley Green. Score:— J. Bolton l5 W. Golden WIRE MILLS. HINDLEY GREEN. J. Holbrook, son. F. Taylor b Spicer - 2 H. Graham c b Taylor J. Hawthorn b Battersby 1 b Rylarice 0 W. Turton cE. Meadows C. Hill c Turton b R ! b Battersby F. Burton c Kershaw b E. Barton aN. Cook b ! Battersby W. Rvlance b Spicer W. Woodcock 0 Kershaw b Rylance 53 1 b Battersby 11. Evans (ahsent) N. Cook not out. T. Whitfield h Spicer 0 E.Meadows bN. Cook 1 11. -Cook h goiver 0 W. Massey c and bN. 1 B. Taylor b Battersby C Cook l9 ". R. Spicer a Burton b Rylanoe R. Woodward a Gra- ham b N. Cock W. Meadows not out 0 Extras

Extras

Total GI

Total 109

176 Majority for Horse and Jockey, 63.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WAS MAKING NO PROGRESS. Peptolaxa Worked Wonders.

Extras 3

Total

Total

Total ... .. 19

cocoa

_ill maintains its great superiority as a .ighly nutritious food beverage, being elicious in taste, absolutely pure and the -)st economical withal.

Cadbury's is THE BEST COCOA only, with the GENUINE COCOA FLAVOUR.

ii A ~.. :-,., ),- b --. ' ~.I,l_'''. .',4`: \ 0t1.6 / ' i i 'ItTV 1 t 0 4, ~ . 9,, :41-4' '%''' .= ,--- f ro r - y w

~k

-;

w, 4; y t4t. wisi •at an ha; \ND= ,

k

A

tAiii,••%,,, • ~,,r)0.003m..< ,•mst,„•<<ty ;:r..?.3-,:. Teye,-,,,,,,. ~. 44,.. .0.4,,v_, ~.._„;.,,A <ve, ;<-., ,374c,..i, :,;.:,y,,,.,74:,%„yr,r0:,:1t,,,.4.44,1c,%:Ttik-441,7.4,,,c---,, , x•;•;2)-4-iw.„..•,01.;.- - ...4.-w,,- 0.44.1,..„;4,- ~.,,..4,-ir-,;,-,..0....„.. , .., iiiiiiiiiilitteaNWl- - -'''' • -If 'll ''. ' - lif II n ' ' ' ' ' . . ' ---" " ' ' -. ' -' A. 4 I I . —LI Iwo' 11101.11MISI I lIMII-MHIIIIIIII M II lIMIMIIIIIIIIIIIII al LIM ilifillithilitinffilifill 111111TMOURIIIII1dWy. i.,,,,,,,,,14.- • . ~.. t ~,, .....--..• 4 -ail ..... OS . • -4001109.--s '-i-. —•.=.. r. ______= • --.. 1 ..-= ....----....=----7.-i. • ......--„:„ ~,, ..,... -- .,_ Lir Afil. .1., ----3 =-'"-- Ilak ..... A avr....... - ,• ' =,?- ............ ..,.„.....„,,,,,.,,,,„.„../x,,,f4,-- ~ al 0 -if ; g.,A.F. :1;1 :if' V IC - B=l '"---77, 3 ~,..,.,:;6:-....42`m------r---- 72171xit'''' --3( 9' ,': ;J'" :-7i wiectr''''' ''vsl77rl77m`M.o3 7 0,>44'4'1:4 4, . 4,. , 1,), ii:,,„,..„. flu fu umuumumuummuu, uumummummunuunuummulluummuumuummumun ~.40,,,,t. • k.,.. -, Atik ,Rfa • An-V, intiTk“:` ~.:. ',. ZMWM".. '''',P ,ti ".' i ,', ~ .. '-- ' ' • - : . ,-,"

........./ - i ~:.)2... - •,,,;.i, A1..,R, N - '4,,,, , va \.,,,4 ~,, • ;),4 4 ~,,,, ,to• , ~ P I St Packet sd. i dhcif. 7 ' ' ' . , ALTERED PRICES. 6ch ilk Tin 7;-d. /4 • _000•_!..g.1'5t.,....4.,.., \ AND OTHER SIZES. MO: Messrs. Cadbury Bros , '.td., gdarantee their. ' Cocoa to be of the/ same qualitYls heretofui

• '4. •"°• ,

9

===== 0002601_19050812_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 12, 1905.

ALTERATIONS AT BUTTON WORKHOUSE.

Probable Heavy Expenditure.

Mr. Owen explained that they might have four eases at once.

Mr. Linaker said he wonid be prepared to support a resolution declining to do anything. Mr. Pilling : But we cannot getout of the expendi- ture. _ .

The Chairman : That is no reason why we should rush into IL Mr. Lina ker after a consnitation with the Workhouse master said there was no proper provision at the present time.

Mr. Hallows : Has the medical officer ever called attention to this ? Mr. Cunnah : Yes.

Mr. Woodward explained that the scheme suggested .Itr. Dancy was beyond the intention of the committee.

The enairman thought the Board should refuse to carry out Mr. Dancy's suggestion. Upon a,vote being taken it was decided to refer the matter back to the committee for reconsideration with a view to the reduction of the estimate. Mr. Owen asked for some definite instructions with regard to the nurses home. Was he to reduce the size of the building or to use cheaper material ? Mr. Taylor : I would suggest rat-nailer rooms. You see very few rooms IS feet by 15 feet. Mr. Linaker : That is not very large. Mr. Owen explained that in tan proposed buil di ntt they would have a 2commodation for eight nurses if it was found necusary to increase their staff to that extent. _ . .

The Chairman: Itfy feeling is that we should provide ; accommodation for our present staff of two nurses. ! Mr. Hallows : What would a nurse do in a room 18 feet by 15 feet ? She would be lost.

• Mr. Woodward thought it would be better to indicate, exactly the extent of the aqcommOdation which hilt) ul be provided in the nurces home. On the motion of Mr. Spruce it was decided to pro- vide accommodation for three nurses and ons servant. Messrs. Antwis and Taylor were appointed members of the committee to consider the question._

===== 0002601_19050812_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BOARDING our OF -CHILDREN..

'Arr. Norman had given notice of his intention to move the children in the workhouse he boarded out but on account of the meeting of the Board having been unduly prolonged he adjourned his motion for a month. Mr. Collins motion with reference to the sending of children to the Pantasaph Orphanage was also adjourned.

- TILE VAGRANCY PROBLEA, A letter was read from the vice-chairman of Gansty lunion asking for a comparative statementaa to the mau- -1 her of vagrants dealt with in 1900 and in 1904. It was his intention to read a paper at the annual poor law conference advocating the relieving of vagrants to he taken from Guardians and handed over to the police The cost of the relief should be deferred from the. National exchequer and not the local rates, as va.grancy was cosmopolitan and not local. The master had replied stating that the nnmher of vagrants in 1900 was 545 men, 142 women, and :30 chil- dren, a total of 717, and in 1901, 1,714 men, Gl2 women, and 117 children. total of 2,501.

APPOMTNIENT OF OPPICIMS. The Cleric .reported thtt four appl icntionq had been received for the position of nurse and 36 for the post of industrial The question of the selection of candidates was referred to a small committee.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
A STONE THE SIZE OF A WALNUT.

A stone in the bladder the size of a walnut. What must have been the torture caused by so abnormal a growth! Few young women have been through a more

(Exact Size of Original from a photo.) terrible experience than Miss Emily Dodsley, who lives at 5, Adelaide Terrace, Downing-street, Bewell, Nottingham. Still fewer have recovered so un- expectedly and so completely froma long and dangerous ill ness. Her father and mother believed her to be dying, as well they might do ; she was suffering the doctor said from inflammation of the bladder,and had been afflicted with it for nearly a year. A slight pain in the back had been the first warning symptom. but in the end the agony became so great that her shrieks by day and night kept the house awake ; she could scarcely crawl ahout ; to stand was torture ;she could only sit on the edge of her chair ; she spent the greater part of her time in bed, sleepless and suffering. Urinary troubles were no little part of what she had to endure. She was an out-patient at— Hospital attended the dis- pensary and was seen, by three doctors all to no good purpose. At last her father determined to try the effect of Doan's Backache -.Nliss DODzL_ Kidney Pills. Both be and (From, a photo.) his daughter describe the effect' as miraculous. Miss Dodsley steadily grew better, until she was relieved of a gravel-stone of which the above is on exact reproduction in size and appear- ance. It weighs of an oz. ritcaole away without causing that torture so common with even a small stone. Since then thl cure has progressed rapidly and Miss Docisley is to-day as bright and healthy a girl as eye of man could wish to seep fiudiug it di[licult to believe in the terrible trial through which she has passed. Such is a plain, brief statement of this very remarkable case; brought before our notice by Miss Dodsley herself, and verified inan interview between that young lady, her parents, and one of our repre- sentatives.

t -.- . .. ....f..... • -,.0.!,.., , , ~... f,,,,, 4,.;,..::-,....... -:.-..4.• • .. /:•,,,-,..A.,..l;;;L''''')-4'H.4:::;a::::- •..ot:-...-.4.4.44-'.--;,'::.`";,-;::7...i;,:-....:1-':,':...'''-'''''''':':. '',,,-.7-t'''',,' liie•—•r.t.,-.r:',' ..- " •-•"...o•-‘, • "1_.... '-,o,"t:Y.ic.',-.••-;5T . . '." s" - .-:,:?1,..: -,::;,. • - :.',...%,.:. - -

(RAVEL STO.YE.

Cd, ' Ge, --..--- . YN th ----, 4,w, ...? • -4,---,.. t 1.410 i ..:20. z• e -7\\--- d ....0, 'LEY

===== 0002601_19050812_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
ments he was not able to attend the meeting of the committee. Efe took it that every member of the Board was entitled to exercise his own judgment and even if he had been present at the meeting or the com- mittee he would not have agreed with the expenditure if it could be rednce_d.

_ The Chairman referred to the proposal to expend some £5OO on the erection of a maternity ivard. He felt that they should not allow their hands to be forced as they were in that case by outside authorities. He hoped Mr. Spruce vipuld include the maternity ward In his proposal to refer back for re-consideration. Mr. Spruce: lam quite prepared to do so Nfr. Hallows said there were only four cases a year treated in the maternity ward and he did not see why they should spend £5OO. He moved that the matter be referred back.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.'

TEACIIER : "Can any of you boys tell me what the Great Plague was?" Frank: "Lessons." "Asa you in pain, my little man?" asked the visitor of a child inan infants' school. "No," . . . „

• _ answered the boy. "The pain's in me." "WHAT is the meaning of the word tantalis- ing?" asked the master. "Please, sir," spoke up Bobby Peters, "it means a circus procession pass- ir.g the school, and the scholars not allowed to look out."

"MAMMA," said little Willie, "that mean little . . • - -

Smith girl called me a monkey to-day." "Then what happened?" asked the mother. "Well," replied Willie, "you see, I couldn't slap a girl, so I gave another little girl half my orange to slap her." TEACHER: "Tom, how was this sbtte broken?" Torn: "If you please, teacher, it tumbled down, and broke itself." Teacher: "Ah, the automatic brake again." "WHAT is a zebra, Mary?" asked the teacher. "A zebra, teacher, is nothing but a horse dolt wears striped stockings all over—right up to the ears," replied Mary. TEACHER (in ,eography lesson): "Now, Mary, what are minerals?'" Mary (whose mother keeps a small refreshment stall) : "Lemonade, sods water, and seltzer, Miss." TEACHER: "Is your aunt on your mother's side or your father's side?" Tommy: "Sometimes on one and sometimes the other. It depends I n who is getting the best.of it." TEACHER: Give an example of the use of the word 'contagious.'" Pupil: "Tram-cars are not contagious; they are very hard to catch." "I HEAR that Miss Woody is inconsolable over the loss of poor little Fido." "Yes, poor thing. Ever, time it rains cats and dogs she rushes to the window to see if he is among them."

DEDUCED.—Edith: "Yes, Jack is inclined to flirt a little, but his heart is in the right place!" Marie: "Indeed! How long has it been in your possession?"

"I CAN tell you," said the sharp boy to his cottipanion, "how much water roils over Niagara Falls to a quart." "How much?" asked be. "Two pints.'MADE A DIFFERENCE.—Young Actor: "How do you like my Hamlet?" Old Stager: "Oh, it was your Hamlet. was it? I thought I did not recognise it as Shakespeare's." MISS SCREECHEN : "Papa is thinking of giving my voice a trial." Mr. Bluntleigh : "Well. I hope, for your sake, he'll not select a jury from among your neighbours." WILLIE: "Mamma, they say history repeals itself, don't they?" Mother: "Yes, dear." Willie: "Well, why don't it repeat itself when I'm trying to learn it?" BEYOND DOUBT.—Mrs. James: "My husband is so absent-minded!" Her Friend: 'What is the matter now?" Mrs. James: "He bought a sack of oats for our motor-car." 4

"My wife always takes the dickens of a time n.aking up her mind what to take and what to 101,ve behind when she goes away." "Oh, mine (Comet; she always takes all her dresses and heves me."

"YES," said the wife's mother, "I see it was a mistake for my daughter to marry you at all. She is just as different from you in every respect as she can be." "Well, well." replied the great brute, "how you flatter me!" MERELY POSTPONED.—Patient: "But, doctor. only last week you said I would surely die, and to-day you see I am as well as I ever was." Doctor: "Sir, I never make a mistake in a diagnosis. Your ultimate demise is only a matter of time."

TEACHER : "Can any little boy give me an illustration of the word grateful'?" Bright Boy: "I can, ma'am. Suppose when Santa Claus comes down the chimney with a lot of nice things, he should slip and fall. That would be a grateful." A SCHOOLMASTER had been giving a lesson on physical force. "Boys," said he, ran any one of you tell me what force it is that moves people along—for example, in the street?" "Please. sir,' replied the first boy, "it's the police force!" "Look: here, Lucy," said the teacher to one of her bright scholars, 'you have written the word ' oyster ' without an r." "Ob. yes,' exclaimed the scholar, reaching for the slate to make the correction; "I must have been thinking this was one of those months when there is no r in oysters." "CAN'T you think of a little more!" said the teacher to a boy who had written a remarkably brief essay on Alfred the Great. So the boy stretched out his legs, and having screwed up his eyes in thought for a while, he suddenly took up his pen and wrote: "P.S.—Another good thing Alfred done was—he foundered the English

Navy." A ONE-ARMED lecturer was arguing the pros and cons of a certain subject, and, having con- cluded his summing-up of one side of the case. went on with: "And now on the other hand—" Whereupon a boy in the front row interjected: "But you ain't got no other hand ! " •• • -

CONSOLED What bothers me," said an American prisoner,. "is the thought of. a long trial and weary months in gaol!" "Don't let that disturb you,", replied the sheriff. "I've just had word that you'll be lynched at twelve o'clock sharp!" A VERY young assistant master has lately be- come a happy father. On the morning after the event he astonished the other members of the staff by rushing into the private room and ex- claiming in transports of delight: "Pre got a son ! It's a boy!" "WHAT a wonderful painter Rabens was-!" re- marked Mr. Jones at the art gallery. "Yes," assented Mrs. Jones ; "it is said of him that he could change a laughing face into a sad one by a single stroke." "Why," spoke pp little Johnnie, in disgust, "my schoolmaster can do that!" _ . . .

A GENTLEMAN bought a new variety of potatoes, and told his gardener to be sure and plant them far enough apart. "Well, John, did you plant the potatoes far apart, as I told you?" John: "I did, sir. I planted some in your garden, and some in mine, so they are four miles apart." AT a recent examination in a Board School, one of His Majesty's Inspectors was examining a class of small girls, to whom he put the ques- tion : —"Why is it that only the King's head appears on the penny?" Imagine his surprise when one of the smaller girls held up her band. and said: "Please, sir, 'cos there's no room for his feet."

MisuNtaittsTOOD.—A class was being examined in spelling the other day, at a well-known school, when the following episode caused much laughter :—"Mabel," said the teacher, "you may spell kitten." "K, double i, double t, e-n." said Mabel. Teacher : "Kitten has two • i's,' then has it?" Mabel: "Yes, ma'am; our kitten has." .

A LITTLE child was seen,by its mother withlits father's pipe in his mouth, and trying to light it. On the ground near was a little heap t,f broken glass." 'What are you doing wttii that pipe? " asked the mother. '"l'Enn-thee Toni the boys in brother's class that if be stiwi:eo a bit of glass he could see the spots on the sun." His CONNECTION.--Mistress : "And is the young man you are going to marry well con- nected, Eliza?" Eliza: "Oh, yes, mum belongs to one o' the best 'riseeratie families, mum." "Indeed! Does be 'Telly?" "Oh, yes.,. mum. He's been with 'eat for over four years now, as coachman, mum."

A YOUNG mother, catching her husband in mute contemplation before the cradle of their first-born, was thinking wha', a beautiful sight it was, when he suddenly turned round and ex- claimed in a gruff voice: `I Alv dear, the more I look at it the more I am at a toss to understand holy that furniture • dealer could have had the impudence to charge you a pound for this horrible cradle l"

A CLASS of boys was taken in woodwork in con- nection with an evening school under a large pro- vincial Board. Among the boys was a joiner's apprentice, who for several weeks attended most regularly, and took great intierest in his work. One evening, however, he informed his teacher that he was about to give up the work. Being asked for the reason, be replied that he intended joining .tie French class, held on that particular evening, as he thought of becoming a French polisher.

A LIVING TO;ICII. Sarah Ann Banks, the Wife of a Cambt idgeshite farmer and market gardener, in consequence of domestic unhappiness went to an orchard, pouted parafin oil over herself, and then set her clothing alight, with tne result that she was literally burned to death.—At the inquest on Tuesday the husband said they had lived as "happily together es most married people.' In returning a verdict of " Suicide whilst temporarily insane" the jury requested the Coroner to rebuke the husband for the manner in which he had given his evidence.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
'MOTOR NOTES.

It is stated that the Automobile Club of Great Britain and Ireland will not enter for the 1006 Gordon-Bennett. This is, without doubt one of the wisest decisions the Club has ever made. As we-have so constantly pointed out, high speed racing, either upon a specially preserved course or else% here, cannot be encouraged in a country where the speed upon the highway is limited by law to twenty miles an hour, and the only pity is that the A. G. G. B. & I. did not reach this sensible conclusion a little earlier.

In a letter to the Press, Mr. Charles Jarrott suggests that a long reliability test for ordinary touring cars, of limited h.p.,stall be organ ized next year, the idea fltow- lag somewhat upon the lines of the event arranged for competition for the tourist trophy in the Isle of Man this autumn. We imagine that some comprehensive tour would he undertaken, similar, p.rhaps, to the thousand miles tour of immortal memory in INA This would certainly be far more interesting, as well as infinitely more instructive, than any race meeting, however well-organised such might be, and it would too,be of educative value to that important but unpleas- ant personage we must all consider—" The man in the street."

The Motor Cycling Club's team trial is arranged for August 260. Every recognised automobile or cycling club in the country is at linerty to enter a " team." the prize offered being the valuable fifty g.;iness challenge cup given by the proprietors of the" Motor Cycle," , which, last year, was won by the Coventry Club. The entry fee of one guinea is sufficient for the six riders who form each team, which, by the way, must be com- posed as follows ;—Two of the machines must be single seated cycles with engines of 76 by 76, or less ; two must be single seated cycles of any power; two must be passenger machines, one at least of which most be air- cooled. The course over which the trial will be run will be so selected as to be equally convenient for all the clubs competing.

Trippers to Blackpool really do seem to have been rather hardly dealt with this year. First., motor ear races—in v.hich the three-and-sixpenny-return-ticket tripper would not be likely to take a great deal of interest—interposed between the town and the shore for two whole days, so that be on the beach found, as it were, a great gulf fixed betweon himself and civiliza- tion, and now that these are concluded a series of revivalist meetings are in progress on the beacn. From one standpoint and another, even though both may be a little extreme, Blackpool does contrive to " see life hut, nevertheless, the manner of seeing it seems to be a little hard upon the fleeting tripper.

A "practical hint " which has just gone the rounds of the technical press takes the form of a warning against the use of too much French chalk in the outer cover %then replacing a mended inner tube or fitting a new one. Too much of anything is usually a mistaken policy, but in this particular instance the fault would be on the right side,. With a superfluity of chalk there is certainly just the possibility that it may form into lumps and so injure the tube ; but with most amateurs and, indeed, with the majority of professional repairers this is a possibility 14 hi ch is little likely to resolve into a probability. The usual mistake made in this connec- tion is the use fat, far too little chalk,. a very meagre allowance being generally supposed to be amply suflicent for a tyre-repaiting outfit, if imteed, it finds a place there at all. We ourselves advocate a lavish band with the French chalk ; the trouble anticipated with too much is more imaginary that real; and, as we have said, it is hardly likely to arise with the average repairer.

An article appears, in one of war contemporaries ex- tolling the merits of the single.' cylinder engine, its chief virtue' apparently being the somewhat question- able one of failing,nt once and quite hopeless' y,directl y anything goes wrong,whilst a multi-cylinder motor will generally continue to keep going, although but slowly. By this means, the- writer argues, it is much easier to trace the fault immediately to the source. This is so, always assuming that the driver is sufficiently con- versant with his engine to diagnose the trouble correctly and, having done so, practical enough to put the matter right.

Our own opinion is that the best drivers are those who have taken their first hard lessons in motoring through the agency of a singla-cyllnder car, for these men, in order to get the best out of their engines, have I been compelled to learn how to drive with their heads, as the saying goes, consequence, they so handle I their motors that they manage to obtain the best speed of which these are capable for the minimum of wear of the mechanism. Thosebowever, who are not mechani- cally disposed, and whose conceptien of the pleasures of motoring is to pull a lever and let the engine do the rest, are best advised.to decide upon the multi-cylinder I cars even in the elementary stage of their careers, par- ticularly as there are now upon the- market some excel- kilt types at a most moderate price:. With these there is less likelihood of an absolute breakdown of the engine by the roadside, although, when this does happen, it is true that the matter of putting it richt again becomes a far lengthier job than is the case %-ith the simpler form of motor. But it is upon a vexed point such as this that the advice of a Miter Car Company's Judges should be sought when the prospective purchaser is in doubt, for in such matters much depends upon the capabilities and the mechanical knowledge of the individual, and these would be revealed to the Company' experts when the specification forms (which are filled up without entailing any liability whatever), had been duly des- patched to them for their considetation.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PAYMENT OF LARIIIR MEMBERS.

The objection, of a, number,. of members of the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants to pay the levy imposed upon them for the purposes of Parliamen- tary representation has. Engineering states, led the Council to submit the whole question to counsel;the two lawyers selected being SID Edward Clarke,,K.C., rind Sir Robert Reid, K.C., ALP. These have reported that the Society cannot under the rules enforce pay- ment of the levies in question. It is pointed out, however, that, by conforming to the rules already in force, the Society may, if the- members so decide, so amend the rules, in conformity vrith usage and with the present registered rules, as to render such levies or cont ributions lawful and en forceable in the same manner as all other payments by members to the Society. This opinion is walualle to all trade unions.

As UNSCSTAINED•CfunGra—RaIph Wright, of Aston Grange, was charged at DAvesbory Petty Sessions on Tuesday, with.having,.on tho 28th July, been found on land at Dutton in the occupation of Mr. A. IL Talbot in search of game.—Mr. Browne appeared for the , defendant and denied tha charge.—William Lockett stated that en the day in vestion he was near Birds- wood when be heard a knocking going on,and he looked end saw the defendant setting a ttap.—By Mr. Browne: The defendant was working on an adioining field 'rucking" hay and hohad a man withhim. He (witness) had some spite against the defendant and the defendant had a spite against him.—Mr. Browne said he had three witnesses against the evidence of the prosecutor, who had admitted h 3 had a spite alliet Wright. Defendant never went on Mr. Talbot's land and the traps now pro- duced did not belong to him.—Defendant said he worked for Mr. Wade, of Aston. He was rucking hay on the day in question and he (lid not go on the field as alleged. 'The traps produced did not belong to him.— Two other witnesses bore out this statement, dna the Bench decided to dismiss the caseand allow the defend- ant costs and a guinea for the solicitor's fee.

The half has not been told of what - ,Fels-Naptha soap can .do in easing household work.

This, because Fels-Naptha is not only soap but soap and naptha. The . naptha ingredien, proceeds along the fibres, loosening gathered grime and dirt, enabling the soap to quickly wash . out all impur- ities. Then thorough rinsing will leave' the clothes truly clean without undue rubbing or undue strain.

Absolutely harmless to the most delicate fabric.

In house-cleaning and kitchen work the naptha ingredient acts first to start the cleansing 'process, then the soap washes quickly and thoroughly. . 2?td a bar.

Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street Loudon EC

===== 0002601_19050812_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3

===== 0002601_19050812_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
BABY TODD'S CURE OF SORE EYES

Over Two Years of Awful Suffering— Eyes Stuck Together and Would Bleed When Washed Open in the Mofning—Every Lash Fell Out.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER WONDERFUL CURE BY CUTICURA

"r feel it my duty to tell of two most wonderful cures of sore eyes by Cuticura Ointment. My little son had an attack of measles which left the eyes in a shock- ingly bad state. The lids became inflamed and sore and every lash fell out. For two years and ten months I tried many eye ointments and lotions, besides following every advice given me but nothing seemed to do them any good. They would be stuck in the morning, and I had to bathe them in warm milk and water, which was a very trying duty, as the eyelids would always bleed, Causing the child untold. suffering. "I had heard a lot about Cuticura Oint- ment, so I thought I would try it, and from the first application I have had cause to be thankful. Before I had used one box of Ointment the lashes showed signs of growing, and at the end of a few months he had a crop of lashes of which any person might be proud. "I recommended Cuticura to a Mrs. Phillips for her child, who also had sore eyes, and her little one was cured with less than one box. I have advised dozens of people to use Cuticura Ointment, often stopping them in the street, as I did Mrs. Phillips, who was a total stranger to me. I have such implicit faith in it that I have written to relatives in England and Ire- land telling them of its wonderful virtues, and asking them to recommend It to any sufferers they might know. "I am sending you this testimonial of my own free will, in the hope that others may be benefited as we have been. (signed) Mrs. C. Todd, Old South Head Road, Waverly,. Sydney, N. S. W." Ref- erence, Messrs. R. Towns & Co., Sydney.

Du:lours Soap, Ointment, and FM, are sold throughout the !meal. Depots t London" Charteshouse Sq.; Paris, S Road. Petit Australia, R. Towne te Co., Sydney, Puce: Drug as Chem. Corp., Boston, 17...5..d," Sole Props. car Sialled Free," Dom to Qv* toe Itatyle Skin sod Scala..

THE BEST FAMILY MEDICO4E.

KAYE S woRDsELus PILI S

Are * certain cure for Indigestion, Rlllolsness, Heed sobs Dyspepsia. ConstinAtino, Ltvor end Kid*ev (Joaolaini For Ladics cf alaged they are invielcable. Of all Chemists. Ir.ltd , and 4s. 6d. per box or post free on re2efot of. stemps to _ -

P POT 1.3. ,t. Geo;sze Street. Norwieh.

SOED EFERYWHEIIE at 2s. 91., 4s. 61.• and us idqe 'LUNG TONIC! WORLD'THE S CITED FOR COUGHS, COLDS, MIONCITETIS, ASTHMA. &O.

TOOTH-ACME CURED INSTANTLY BY ENTER'S eres,:ats oe3tr. levet g *rtsetiOn Sleepless Nights Prsventivt, Neuralgia Headaches end Mt Nerve moved by Pai NERVINE ns, . Ell N MVP/INN. 411 Clheinlets,l4. or pest free on reoelpt•of entraps to DEPOT. 11. tit. George Rtreet. Worsrlets

===== 0002601_19050812_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
TENNENT'S

'TRADE MARK R B

===== 0002601_19050812_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
[AGE

EER.

GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM SEDIMENT

To be obtained from. M. WALKER& SONS LTD., Froghal Brilgof Warington. and of all Wine Merchants and Bottlers. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled, See that Every Bottle has the Red T. Label. 19, Lancelets Hey, Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY GLASGOW

===== 0002601_19050812_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
aS • t

CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVIRC ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Sof ters awl Removes all hard calloritie-; on th 4 soles of the feet- IC 'nu Seer try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes 1/IA. of all Chemists. M. Beetharn & Son, Chernista, Cheltenham

CORAtiCiATED ROOPING. Beet durAh'e quality Iv,- supplied Tarim:. estht.s 25 yrs. CRPPing Gutter.. Faete,inms, Iron-Fencung, Hnd Tubes. Pr°alp.. dispntrh for cash.— JOHN ATTWoOD RILEVS.StOtIy eti &tined

Ut.,&oKb'S 841 PILLn are warranted to Our.. In nitro., sex, allacquire i for constitutionnl dischnroa from the Ciusrytirgans, Gravel and Pains in the bac.. Pre« from nietTury. hstablistled nowaros of 3J years. In boxes 4e. 6d. 'Pah of all ontfnifos nnd Pntent Modicint Vendors thron. b. on th. world, (4. sent for sixty *temps by the makers. Ihe Lin coin nod Midland Counties Drug Company, Ad vt.

FLORILINE ?—FOR THE TEETH AND BREATlL—Thoroughly Cleanses itle teeth from all parasites or Irnpuritier, lii‘rdens the gums, prey.nts tartar, stops °easy, and gives to Our teeth a pecull.r nearly whitenees and a delightful fraizranor to the bre& h Price 2s. 63. for the liquid, or Ir. per jrr tot the Plod " Powder." of all Uheruists and Perfumers.— advt.

VALUABLE InSCOTERY FOB E HAIL-11 your hair is ..urniug grey or 'White or (ALM, orf, use Ihe IsiAxicAra H•tw HENEWEri, Lir it will positivrly restore, eery case, grey or white, hair to its original colour. It makes the but charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth price 3s. 64. per bottle —Advt. To Nitoinatis.—Mrs. virmeLow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over tift, years 13-1 millions of mot hers or limit °fib-limn white teething, with perfect 'Rumen It will reneats the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste; and pounces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the Child from rain and the little cherub awakes" us bright is button... oi all Chemists 15 1.". d. per bottle.—Ad 7t

ee

coo-,Ar-

.-....!.r',...'.4n..i5,. 6.,;,!...'..v,.-,‘4,...,\ ',,',.;. ,il,-,1-1.,, 111. ,

===== 0002601_19050812_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ant's

===== 0002601_19050812_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ILO "ammintr forms

14 'fit ' WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE }Minima." published every Saturds— morning. fr" 0 EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXA MEER , published every Friday afternoon. Fa' .. ST. HELENS EXAMINER,' published every Friday stternoon. ril IC " RUNCORN Exammuss," published every / Friday afternoon. rril E " A !miss Essoinims," published every L Friday afternoon. T 11,1: EXAMINER SERIES eitEPA f I) ADVERTISEMENT AP 4 RTMENTS WANT RD HOUSES WANT ED AP•RTM SETS TO LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD AKTICLES LOST MISCELLANEoUS rt ANTS ASTICLF.3 FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three' Six Words. % Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 38 45 64

OOD Value, Lowest Prices. Printing and Ststlonery. Terms.—C}Rovz PREMI.SO,Nunh ad Elrove,Nunhead,S.S.

4, KAWIsED CORN CO hE."—lmmediate ease; c•!rtain cure; post free 15 stimp3.—WHITKIIEAD. Morecambe.

y Amßs!—Vafreeable Beauty Secrets free for stsrop.-11.1Art 1.1 ORDER to., 8. Ducie Avenue, Oxford rd., Manchester.

g2sofor El 000 worth of Greenhouees,Dwelling-hluse, and liarden.—tiaKEr,Heamoor,Ll.4.o ,Cornwall.

INSURANC4. Invaluable advice free to those about to Insurelowntes, Insurance expert,Broad way. Douglas.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Elomtstit Rterbarag. cu.

WANTHD COOKS. Housemaids, Generals ; nice plams ; good wages.—Apulv 52. HARRIS sr., Rochdale, Lancs.

COOK and PARLOURMAID W4,NTEI`. Good aitiaatkn, —MADAME EMIIIE's AGENCY. 133, Bedford road Rock Berry.

A LI, CLASSBSOF SISHVANTS ready from country or ti town,public and private.—Call or write Miss 14 eIIHIBONII only offine) 6,oldham qtreet, Manchester. Rrtatilleherl 1862.

INTAN LTD, treneral SERSANT. ta help with housework.— Apply THOMAS WALann.Ea,Orf Licente,l69, Manchester ad., Haalingden.

kyANTED. good UNNERAL ; one fond of children and able to wash.—Apply BRIDGE INN, MOO! it.. Orm.kirk.

JJOMBSTIO SIOLVANTo wishing good iterations in Liver- pool and district,--Apply MADAME HiNentE,l3B Bedford road, Rozie Ferry,

WANTED Excerienced SERVANT ; references req nlred. Apply Mrs. HRINDLDY, Winstsnley's, Jewellers, Brtwishawoste, Leigh.

WANTED 20 good GENERAL SIIRVARN ; ab!e to wash Good wage. given.— Mr.. d MITE, Central Registry, Walton's P.rade. Preston.

'WANTED, GIRL, strong, i.ountry. assist wi;h house work ; private farnily.—Mrs. HARRIS, 4, Prngwern terrace. i'romenade. I!ward

WANTS]) good GISNBRAL fikttVANT. for Confectioner's Shop. good w.gett.—Apply with reference. 67, MARKEL* ST.. Atherton.

\IVAN 140, middle-aged Person as WORKING HO,tt- KlMPlifi, with good referenoes.—Apply BIAKINeoN, Claremont, Pennington. Leigh.

WANTED, immediately, young HOUSEMAID ; nice arpearance, able to assist waiting.—Qtraais'e PRIVATE aud Restaurant, Fleetwood. WANTRD a reliable and ear eriessced COOK-GIINBRA.L. accustomed to good service :Bmll family: good wage , —.Reply GLEN NOIVE. Lymni, C. eshire.

fIOOKI WANTED £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress 218 kJ to £22. Generals £lB to £2O, Girls £1.4, excellent places No connection with any other office.—Write to HARRtaox's 6. Oldham street. Manchester.

11VANTUD, GIRL about 17 AS GIINRIt&L, 4s. weekly: TV One who 1148 been out before preferred.-56, SOUTH SANK RD., Southport.

9ri GOOD GRNRRALS WAN ; borne for seaside.— ..el., PARKINSON 'EI R EGIsTR Y. 343, Broad it., Pennleton, Manchester. Removed frown 34. Seedier rd.

WA.III.BD good Gistiffilite.l., tor Farothoute;two in f. mily good wages to suitable p.m!) ; references required . Apply Mrs. ABHCROFT. Virin•Jv Harbnur,tipital,nr Birkenhead

WANTED, good GENNUAL ; also ousemaid ; Assist with sewing; four children ; youngest eight.— Address. stating ege, wages, references, Mrs. NIARGEIUMON, Calverley. Leeds.

RD RAVINES Good PLAIN UOOKS be ween and Kitchensaids. Wait, eases, Housemaids, Nurses end superior generals.— 9 ELECT REGISTRY. Rusholme, Msriehester. Established 25 years.

LL CLASSItS VIP SITUATIONS, private and public .11 good homes. excellent wages ; places In town, country and seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED NEGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

ARVELLOUS BAttGAIN 103 Parcels Print Remnants. lenutho suitable Blouses, Chihirens's Frocks ; remit only Is. 60.—PORTF it. 6, Font!) Castle it., Liverpool.

youp CHARAf:TifIi DBLIS m RATBD from your hand- writing. Send specimen, stamped envelope, and Is• P.O. to 'VERITAM,' Horesford Ro,d,Harringay, London.

fIANAD A. INTBNDING Ernlgrares ; reliable Information I} given by one not intereetft.l. Just returned. Send one shilling" Information Bureau" 6, ALFRED ST. Roath Cardiff.

TAPANSSIC GOODS. Direct from Japan, carriage paid.— ," 24 Postcards, Is. 61. ; three Quilnt War Pietures, le. ; 24 Silk Faro, 65.; Agents war,te4.—Marßo.Ynknhanvi,Janan.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ZSBanteb

11).XINTRIt (mantel) seeks JOB. Ilkndy at Itepal -L or otberwlee.—Bonaow. south View, Bognor.

911-Ot LONDON TRADliiii ASSOCIA.TION allow 33 per cent. on Deposits.-93 LELDENHALL ST, IC C.

WANTHD, LIFT-Orr CLOTHING, higbest prices even.—Mrs. LEE. SOTIth Bank Avenue, York.

WANTBD steady YOUNG MAN ; good milker.-- Mrs PENNINGTON Townsley's Farm, Parnwortb. or Boltod.

A MINTS WANTED —Pertny Goods, Six dozen, Is. 6d.; LI ea.:7 sale.-1111WM, 4, tfolmeclose, Hillaborough,Sheffield

VNGINFBR.—Charge of Machtnes,Boilers,Plumblng.Gll. W•Wages moderate.—S.WarraraN.Royston Para.Pinner. POULTBY FARMING Is. 2. Students guaranteed snee-se and Rood income. Unique system.—Prof. Hota.o- WAY. Bletehley.

_ • AGRNTS WANTHD —23 per week can be made by honest workers. Samples and particulArs 9 stamp.—PlainGßOSlNE Co.. Hirst, Morpetb.

A YOUNG COUPLII WANT TO ADOPT GING ; corn- /A fortable home ; good reference; premium.—JoxEs, 23. Nant rd., Coedpoeth. Wrexham.

:•ervice VACA.NOISS for 200 tiov Clerks, Hasa:lion- tion 2tl), October, age 15-17.—Apply CIVIL bERVICE COLLEGE. 52 (riff .1 no.nne. StreAtham, Lowinn.

rpo INFVNTONS.—For Sale : £5O First alortgase Deben- ture Bonds, carrying interest at 5 per cent per annum, payable half-yearly.price £47 10e. Amply secured —Apply to RICH/ad:A & Co., 5 Broad et. HulleB, London,ll.C.

RBPR BSENTATI VIN (either sex) Wanted ; genuine employment ; good income assured ; especially suit gentlewomen ; all asstitance given.—Wrlte for particulars, C. B MALL, Gray's Inn Chambers. London, W C.

Bu your own idA•sTISII, make money in your spare time Pi our Agent for Jewellery, small collection to start breiness 3s. L. or full particulars, penny stamp; big profits. —UNITED SUPPLY Co., ha. South Castle it.. LIN. rpool

IMPRNIAL SOCIRTY OF DANCE TISA.OHBRS.- 1 Prnicipals of schools and others requiring duly qua'l• fed teachers of dancing should apply for List of Members M. HILDE.LEY. 48, Flenthal rd., stoke Newington, N.

ALL having Country Cote a or Bungalows to Let or for Sale should send Photo, with fullest particular' (i.e.. accommodation, cost. drainage, water), for speedy disposal, to CoLTHURST •WT GOTT.I3Irk beck Ran k ChAmb.rs. Hnlhorn.

DRIVA.TH COBRBSPONDBNCH IsXCHANGll.—Members (ladles ano gentlemen) *Pieehange Private Correspond- ence on any subject ; splendid medium for matrimony.— THE MANAGER, Cosmopolitan Bureau. 36, 39. Maiden lane, strand, London. W.C. (stamp).

WORK IN CANADA.— Plenty of work offering until No. ember in litt NITOBA to Harvest Hands arriving before September. rare to Winnepeg (Manitoba) from £8 16s. Ed. Tickets back at g-eativ reducel rates, leaving tana,a not later than November 23rd.—Apply to CANADIAN PACIFIC RAILWAY. Z. James st., Liverpool, or local agents.

PaRTNBRsHIP under LIMITHD LIABILITY.-00A-third Interest In Patent rights of new Gramaphone (British made throughout), with improved Sound-box which super- sedes other makers at less cost, is offered to one or more Investors for 2.3 3' r. Subscribers of £I,OOO or over can have Best' on Board if desired. Larve profits anticipated. Secretary also required. Investment, 11£450 '/ per cent. Cumulative Preference Shares htemuneration £150.--. BRITIBII., do Judd's, 5 Queen Victoria it., London, 8.0.

WANTED MEN. young and Old. to write for our book " How to become an hlectrical kinghaeer "? tent post free. It tells how thousands gain eetter positions and salaries studying Electrical or Meenanical Engineering at Home by post; eniorsed by Thomas A. Edison and British Electricians.—Address ELECTRICAL ENGINEER INSTITUTE OF CORRESPONDENCE INSTRUCTION, 413, Norwich House, 13 Southampton Street Holborn, London.

FURNIT STOC URE, PIANOS. KS, BOuULIT FuR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR ADVANt,ES MUM. HIGHEST PRIOHS GIVEN. NO OHARGII FOR INSPECTION. HAICTLEY AND VO., 11, MOSS-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

1 AUNDIiNSsIiS' WASHING BLOIS (Chinese Blue. pure). I By ?lb., in paste, 91. ; dry. Is. 6d. per lb. Cnsb with order; san.ples tree 'hullo.— ROBRRTS 63. St. John st..

===== 0002601_19050812_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
tiouqt4 anb lanb on gpalt.

FOR SAUL 8-rowed house in Woolwich rd., long lease, low ground rent.—Apply J. &isms, 335, Woolw,ch rd. Charlton.

eIHARMING litUe BUNGALOW for SALII at Hampton.— Prtrtionlatra and photo, " BUILDER." Olonceider d, Hampton.

CHEAP wel!-bullt SHHI-DETAOHED HOUSES for SALE to lovely Hampton•--Apply 1111 at. 'V..

,(IN SALE. SHOP and HOUSH and hoop!, adjoining 5-ttelled otak.le and wog' shop ; waggonette. very little need , 3. MARKET ST.. or King's 11 oat] , A thert .

BUILDING LAND.—Oakdale-avenue, Overton, Yrolisham s benutifully situated. 15 minutes' walk from station ; to be leased In plots for detached, or semi-detached houses.— ADDIV to JOlttf LITTLIKR. iii• Bank. Frodsharn.

T AND. --FRUBHOLD LAND, in many counties, for _Li cottage, shop. farm, or mansion ; plots from £lO each, or £2O per acre (good roads), payable by Instalments, free deed,; houses, shops, and bungalows.—Mr. Ilfugg, Farn- borough, Hata.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Acifsteltanous, on 'alt, ttr.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
QEA SICKNESS, certain cure, guaranteed, 6 doses 1.2. Tupxo HOUSE, 26Y. test at., Crewe.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
LIDO PKHRPHIRS.-3 Doz. Penny ertiel.s. witla Cd.talogue, kJ post free Is.—FLETCHER MeXbOro.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
NIONBYWISIOHT lickets for Sale. 2d. ge-r-£l. —MONEY- WEIGHT, 63. Queco's rd , Southend-on-Sen.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
DINNI ST. 50 pieces, 131. 9,1 ; sample (packed free). —J. B. PLIELLoR & Co.. Saralee:). Staffs.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
/ )I.)a•—itor valu.,ble int ormatton. How the poor bezome ‘,./ Huh. Certain eucce.. Write NEPENIENCit, Pinner,

===== 0002601_19050812_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
P 0 Cia.LY .11KS, Best assorted, 50, . le. 2d. ; 1 2e. 34. ; 1.000 216.—BUINT,)N, Stationer, Bowl et., Bristol.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
PIANOS, Organs. 33,;- discount ; best makers ; 1U years warranty ? easy ttrins.—Prof. HOLLOWAY. Matchlev.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
CO C K SlittGß, double width, ls. per yard. Patterns free —DENToe'S SERGE W•REHotISE, Gloucester.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
U RH U 0 US HA.ltt speech!j rernovad. receipt 48. 64. kJ —Mies BROWN, Branch Bank, PrickwElow, Cambs.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
ITAND-31/Wit HAMMER SHAFTS, 12 sunned 4s. 6d., 24 8s 6d.; striking inciuded.—.TEssk S. Storni', J erobo, Bnry.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
EIBSISANI PARCHLS.—BIouse Lengths, 11, Almllas, Prints, etc., ls. 6d.. 2s. 6d. free.—DuneTEß, Duffi3l,ll, Derby.

BRICK and POTTERY BUSINESS (sound) for sale ; fitted throughout with modern machinery ; excellent clay and plentiful oupnly. JOSEPH HIND, SiateitOr, edacciesfiald.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
/ LOUNGN olla to me n asure tor 255. ; fit ad style 00/ guaranteed ; send for patterns.—DiawroN es Co., las Corporation it.. Mauctiestee.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
VVI WITTEN/ Po,ters by tha Experts. Send P.O. 'B, tor sample bill, any wording or colour, to IL A. U., 89, Parliament bt.. Newhall, klurto,.-or—Trent

===== 0002601_19050812_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
LA DY Knits lovely gentlemens silkie ties, elf colours and mixtures 4s. 3d.. per drzen, ,iample 5 penny stamps,— SEERIOCK, Almondsburv, Gloucestershire.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
A bTßOLOGY.—Horoseope of Character and Events, with two years' future added.—Send birth thte, lc P. 0., Prof. GOULD, 26, Hill st.. Newport, Mon.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
110 Ffs F Olt H I 11.Lliti8.—Baldness cured. For tree kdvice send postcard to H•rnociEN,Collins' Adver- tising Agency, 59 ttoyal Avenue, Be inst.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
6( A PKNHY SAVHD is a penny made." Our illustrated /% catalogue will save you pounds.—Address PATF.BEION & WIVGIIT. 26, Ivy Lane, London, H.C.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
A liHMAItKABLig OFYORTUNITY. A tour guinea machine for 55s.—Write, •• Rapid" SEWING lilicartsg CO.. 11, Featherstone Buildings, Loudon W.V. ADIES pretty Gold Rings, Bet pearls. 10,.; Initial 1-d Brooches, ss. ; Watches. 108. ; Oharrns. 2s. 61. BERTRAM, 55, George at • Baker at., Londo I, W.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
I/ OW TO PURCHASH A BUSINII33."—Just pub tithed. Written by an expert ; 7 stamp.—FEEDK W. PAYMV, Somerville rd., Waterloo. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
s GGTOPPA ' EGG-OPfriNEß.—LAtast Novelty. dead 114 postcard for particulars or eicht penuy stamps for smnple.—T. BRIMFIELD, 67, Coldershaw rd., Haling, W.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
lIAVH YOU A DULL RAZOR ?—end for a sample of my Razor Tables ; post free. 3d. ; satlstaelon gnaranleed. Agents wanted,—IROYMONGER. 69. Wardsend. Sheffield.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
MbON A.II.IIRICAN °MOAN. WALNUT OA Ili.st,tode .11. 6ft. 6 hlgh.l2 Stops,2 Swells,£l6—Netrly New.Bargaln • —WiLLitmeos,Z3o Oldheim road.Newtou Henth.Pdanchester

===== 0002601_19050812_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

SZAIsII,OtCD'S POIt4ON for Killing hats anewers kJ well. " After one dressing I to And 136 deed next morn- Ht.rae. Halethorpe. Leighton. I killed WO rats eith Sanford'. Poison "—O. COOL Farmer, 'Cleaner destroyed 10 rats with it."—O WILSON. Offord —Sene. SANFORD & SON. bandy Beth. Sold by Chetaistsd Is 2d

ESTIMATBS GIFFIN FOR EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING.

PRINI ING.

NDIGUSTION.—Suffereri can have recipe of ICngland's leading physician for 13d. ; cured thousands ; genuine.— W. TOPHAM. 25, Li get Place Bradford.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
IfifOrtllantouo. on .fpales, tit.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
UUR AUTUMN SOWlNG.—Tripoti and Lisbon Onion, I: Lettuce, Turnips. Mustard, Rape, &a. ; reliable stocks. —GEORGE STARKEY, Market place, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
FOWL CURS, 7. 6d. 10e. 64. 12a. 64. 24011 w. ; Pig Food. 71. 64. and Pcultry Meal. es. and 10d. per 20011 w.— ROCRE AND Co.. 15, Goree piazzaa,Liverpool. Mention paper.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
lotatko, Zugin,soo. Obarv, cit.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
y lb: PERY. BUsINRS•3 (mall), with Laundry JILY Agency pays rent, 153, Sr. MART' ROAD, Sheffield.

SMINTS, Ice Cream, Mineral!, Tobacco, tee.. To Be Dia- pared of.-Appiy 47,WEaT CRAVEN BT.,Salford,Manch eater.

HAND LAUNDRY for Sale, taking £4 to £5 weekly,owner going abroad,- BAR (ER PARK LAUNDRY, 6, Fords Park rd., Canning Town.

FIR AND ()HIP* (feltrincham) ; low rent; e cod trade ; -L. good living accommodation ; Wilms cause.— 8. H ULU, 24, Victot la et., Altrincham.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
CIHKMICITS' iSUSINHAS FUR SAM owing to ill-health ; cheap; establised over 40 years,—RoßEßT LEECH, chemist, 34, Upper Duke et , Hultne. Blanchester.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
tIN SALE, 4 n.b.p. Crosiney GAS ENGINE ; all fittings kJ perfect condition.—HOLLIBEIHEAD, 2dillgate, Stockport.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
340r0t51 nogs,tb*tack arc.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
T aIiGIS number of flrst-class sxottx PI (}J for sale, each Li week.—TAl/1.011, Newton-le-W Mows.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
TO LET Good corner SHOP. Parker .t.--A.pply WOOD, & J. SON, SOUCitOrS, Horsemarket it., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOP and DWELLING to be Let. convenient cellar ; 10 Tears prooery ; 53. Bewsey it., Warrington.—Appl7 SICELLIND, 631, Bewsey it.

KH NUTSFORD HvAD.—TO R LIT. House cootainin g 2, sittlogrooms. Weber'. scullery and 4 bedrooms • rent Ts. 6d. per week. —Appl? J. Luszt, bridge Foot. Wa,rington.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
OF BVERY DESCRIPTION

LITHOGRAPHERS.

BOOKBINDERS.

STATIONERS.

EXAMINEE OFFICI3. WAURING CON.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Itlatbniern, etc.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4to be tet.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
'ale hp Ruction, By MR. .TOEN MAGINN.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Orfuration.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
QANDBACII SCHOOL, CfP.SHlßE.—Moderate Fees. Illustrsted Prosoeotus from Hearlmsster.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
j.INIVERSITY SCHOOL, F.OUTtiPORT. A 3/08T SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOIS. W. HICNDIPISON Pr,neins,l.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
inotor ears, emit, Qlarrtaqrø. etc

rpURNOUT for ScI.LE. Victoria Phaeton, Cheatnut Cob JL I Iver-mountei liarn els.— 17, BOOTHRoYDEN, 131ae,,kn,,01

===== 0002601_19050812_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
OTOR CAR, Olcarnobile. fit-h.p.. back set square parts ; LV perfect running order.—Apply 32, F. MARTIN'S FIELDS, Chester.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
ON 84.1,N. two VirekIaGIONNTPBS to carry 25 and 28 ; with loose covers ; In good condltion.—Bono' CARRIAGE Heaton lane, Stockport.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
"k 4 0 I'OR CAR. 12 h.p ; Aster engine ; seats live; splsmild _LTI ear; excellent condition ; reisonable offer acceptsd 4 MORNINGTOR ROAD, 8 outhport.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
SMART One-horse WAGONETrN for Sale; will sell cheep; good as new; cushions, etc., complete.—Apply SMITH, 1, John at., Norden, near Rochdale.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
CE YCL, for Disposal, tent ahigh-grade machine, as LOw-. net soiled, free wheel, rim brake, plated rims, pneu matic tyres mud guards, gas lamp, and 111 accessories; genuine bargain, £4 4s. cash. lowest ; approval willingly.— K. GILL. Wavenev Villa. Beech Road, westnn-sumer-Mare.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
*ltbttal.

AGOOD RECIPE for Consumption, worth El PO. Zs. 7d.—A. WHITE. Chrdener, Old Walsoken, Norfolk.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER AND CO., PRINTERS,

T'OTERR EXTRA LARGE SIZE, 40 x 60 One Sheet. REILIABLE WORK.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
MODER/LIR CHARGBS.

NEATNESS AND DESPATCH.

Bali Programmes in the most artistic styles. Order Books, Check Books, Time Books. etc„ etc Pamphlets. Periodidal Publications Books. etc., etc. Business Circulars and Cards, Handbills and Wall Posters. Bankruptcy Forms, Articles of Association, Prospectuses. Building and other Societies' Rules. Note and Letter Paper Headings, Memorandum Forms. and Billhencle. Auctioneers' Bills, Conditions of Sale, and Catalogues.

T HE " EXAMINER" PPINTING OFFICE

T H E Ministerial NEARING THE END. chariot wheels are

still driving merrily. Mr. Bez..roun and iais supporters are panting towards the prorogation with growing misgiving about the danger of defeat in the small hours of the morning. It was not pleasant for Sir A. ACLA.ND-HOOD to find himself at half-past one with so small a reserve that he dare not push forward Rny more business. Despite the most resolute whipping the Unionists crowd keep melting away when it is long past their bed-time. Sir A. Amon:l-HOOD, whose own personal devotion is beyong praise, remarked on Thursday that he liked a straightforward fight to a finish. This was a " backhander " for those members of the Opposi- tion who lay ambushed and compel the Govern- ment Whips to ainploy scouts, and keep him in a constant fever. It may be admitted that there are few, if any, precedents for these doings. But, then, there aretno precedents for Mr. BALFOUR'S situation,:diligently as he has searched for them. No Minister has ever had such a mandate to resign. He will not heed it, and so the Opposi- tion are justified in resorting to unusual devices. A straightforward fight to a finish is the privilege of a Government that behaves itself in a straight- forward way. That is just what Mr. BAL.-TOUR refuses to do. As he will not take the opinion Of the constituencies, which are impatient to dismiss him, he has no right to complain when the party that represents in the House of Commons the majority in the country makes the closing of this azaaaing session as difficult as possible. The only indefen- sible procedure is the blocking of private members' Bills. Mr. HEALY blocked one on Thursday, and resisted an appeal from Mr. JOHN BURNS. He ' said that was the only way to obtain any considera- ' tion for Ireland, which is nonsense. Mr. REDMOND caused the withdrawal of a block a short time ago, I in deference to the suggestion that the delay of private Bill legislation meant serious loss of employment, but this reasoning is apparently wasted on Mr. HEALY. The was a fresh misfortune for the Government on Thursday night. The .adjournment of the House was moved to discuss the partition of Bengal. Lord CuazoN should have- delayed this policy until Mr. BALFOUR had reached the pro- rogation. Bengal apparently objects very strongly to being cut into two portions. At all events,the natives are protesting with great vigour. The constituencies in this country will object just as I strongly to a Redistribution Bill, which will cut I and carve them at the pleasure of a Minister who has no representative right to be in office. Lord CuazoN can do what he likes in Bengal, and no popular authority can call him to account. But Mr. BALFOUR'S account, long overdue, is sure to be presented at last.

Death has removed another of those old and honoured townsmen whom Warrington can ill afford to lose. The late Mr. William Jeffery was not a public man, but in a quiet way he contrived to do a useful work in the town of his birth. It was chiefly as a pioneer co-operator and one who had rendered strenuous service to the movement that he exercised an influence over a wide circle. The members of the Co-operative Society were rendering "honour to whom honour is dun" when less than a month ago they promoted him to the presidency in succession to the late Mr. Thomas Birchall. The Socinty has indeed been unfortunate in losing within such a short space of time vsteran. members to whose ripe experience and wise guidance it owed so much. Although Mr. Jeffery was not an active politician, he was an earnest supporter of Liberalism and all . who are concerned in the direction of the affairs of the party in Warrington will bear testi- mony to the whole-heartedness of his political faith.

Although it is not six months since the War- rington Board of Guardians deferred for a year the scheme for providing additional accommoda- tion, the members have already rescinded that decision with the result that the whole question will again be thrashed out at the next meeting. The original proposals for the expenditure of £8,430 on the erection and furnishing of a new building for the infirm inmates will be brought forward and are Rare to meet with considerable opposition. There is a sttong feeling that, in view of the high rates and not over-bright local trade, the time is unopportune for the incurring of this expenditure, and that the question rnigitt well be allowed to rest until the expiration of the twelve ' months agreed upon by a majority of the Board. Moreover, there is a divergence of opinion on the Board as to whether the £8,430 scheme is abso lutely necessary to meet the exigencies of the situation. Mr. Hickman promises to bring for. , ward an alternative and more economical pro- posal and we hope it will be carefully considered I on its merits.

During the holiday season there is naturally a lull in the local political campaign, but the Pro- gressives of Warrington will soon resume the work of educating the constituency. Arrange- ments are already being made by the Progressive Labour League for a public meeting to be held some time in September. Particular interest centres in the demonstration as the principal speakur will be Mr. L. Outhwaite who will probably oppose Mr. Chamberlain in his West Birmingham stronghold when the general election comes. Mr. Outhwaite is a colonial who has made Chinese labour in the transvaal his special subject. vßecently he visited the Cape to ascertain for him- self the true state of affairs and his words should therefore carry weight as being based on personal experience. By affording Warrington people the opportunity of hearing such speakers the Pro. gressive Labour League is doing an admirable service which will doubtless bear fruit when the time comes for an appeal to the electorate.

From time to time we have strongly advocated the full utilization of the lay-by on the Manchester Ship Canal at Walton, and there are at last indications that the Canal Company intend doing their part towards the realization of a project which many townspeople are convinced would be to the great commercial advantage of Warrington. Already the company have carried out a number of very necessary alterations at the lay-by. The immediate approach to the wharf has been much improved and the wharf itself has been consider. ably extended. The two dolphins which originally projected into the river have been connected, with the result that for almost the whole length of the wharf there is now an unbroken frontage to which vessels can be moored. The carrying out of this work shows that the Company are prepared to meet those Warrington manufacturers who are desirous of bhipping and receiving goods through the lay-by. The provision of warehouse accommodation is, however, absolutely imperative before the existing facilities can be taken advantage of. The company apparently recognize this fact, for they have cleared sufficient ground to enable a suitable building to be erected. UP to the present, however, the .ionstruction of a warehouse has not been commenced. The company have faced the greater expenditure on altering the wharf, but they appear to need convincing that they would be repaid for sinking a few hundred pounds in the erection of a waterproof corrugated iron building. Of course, a substantial brick and mortar structure would be preferable, but if the company are not disposed to incur that outlay the less expensive warehouse Pwould suffice for the time being.

It is Useless to expect local manufacturers to make systematic use of the lay-by under the present conditions. Goods kept at the lay-by for any length of time would be exposed to the vagaries of the climate—in many cases with injurious effects. Given the necessary accommodation, we are convinced that Warrington traders would not be so conservative as to continue the more cumber- some system of dispatching goods to Manchester and Liverpool for shipment and receiving them by the same roundabout means. Apart from the saving in time the pecuniary advantage would not be inconsiderable—in fact the cost may be roughly estimated at 2s. per ton loss. It is significant that one local firm—Messrs. R. A. Naylor—has found it worth while to acquire land adjoining the lay-by for the storage of cargoes of timber to be regularly shipped direct to Walton. With concerted action on the part of the Warrington traders and the co-operation of the Ship Canal Company it may not be many years before the dream of " WarringWn as a port" is in some measure fulfilled.

Warrington electors have repeatedly been asked by Protectionists to believe that England is not holding her own in foreign trade. It is well therefore to ipoint out how completely such statements are disproved by the Board of Trade returns for July. Remarkable increases are shown, in fact the record for July exports since 1900 has been broken. Decaying exports is the constant wail of Protectionists but the returns show that in July our exports reached £27,821,000 a gain of £3,037,000. As compared with the seven months January to July. in 1904 our exports for this year show an increase of £14,627,000. With the excep- tion of ships, every great branch of exports af manufactured goods shows a gain for the month. The chief increases are in iron and steel, metals, machinery, cottons, and woollens. - Another favourite contention of the Protectionists is that our trade with foreign countries is on the wane while Colonial custom is going up by leaps and bounds. The figures supplied by the Customs officials, however, shows that since 1903 exports to foreign countries, in the period January to June, have increased by £13,660,000. In the same time colonial trade has fallen off by £475,000. The latest statistics certainly make interesting and convincing reading, but whether they will be wel- comed by those who are seeking to prove that England is "going to. the dogs "' is exceedingly doubtful.

There are some peculiar notions OR Mr. Cham- berlain's campaign in America. We have been shown an extract for a United States journal which, opening with the modest statement that "once again Joseph Chamberlain appears to be coming to the surface" goes on to state: "A dispatch from London, published recently, says that people in all quarters are discussing his speech in Albert Hall reassesrting his doctrine that 'the primary duty of Parliament is to shape the fiscal policy in such a way that the working classes of Britain and Ireland shall have continuous employment.' The dispatch says: The press, without distinction of party, assents to the principle, and there is a growing dis- position to admit that only through some such re-adjustmentas Chamberiain suggests can the lot of the workingman be improved. The campaign of education has evidently not been abandoned toy Joseph." We like the subtle way in which Mr. Chamberlain's policy is here defined. The workers 'of England, however, have a much clearer but a distinctly reverse,idea as to the true meaning, of the Protectionist propaganda. As to the trend of public opinion,we wonder whether the good people across the water have.heard of the bye elections and the verdicts which all classes of the community have given on Mr. Chamberlain's "te-adjustments.!T,

Perhaps, after the immediate relief of distress' which it may afford, there is nothing io important in the Government's Unemployed Bill as therefor- ence to emigration which is enshrined in the middle of it. Money taken from the rates may be devoted to establishment charges, emigration, and the acquisition of land. Relief, beyond that, must Come from the organisation of voluntary contributions and charitable agencies. But this tentative provision for emigration links the scheme at mice with Lord Tennyson's Departmental Committee and that striking report of Mr. Rider Haggard, on colonisa- tion which is forming the basis of its inquiry. In the same way is the Unemployed Bill linked with the Royal Comm,ssion on the Revision of the Poor Law, which, indeed, it may be said, for the purposes of permanent reform, entirely to overshadow. Besides Mr. Rider Haggard, such leaders in philan- thropic movements as Dr. Barnard°, General Booth, and Mr. Booth Tucker have lately shown, in a way that is bound to arrest the public atten- tion more widely than it has yet done, what admirable work of colonisation, equally among children as adults, may be achieved if the move- ment be directed by benevolent, devoted, and experienced men of affairs.

'I

I I

I.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Anything which gives the worker the pleasures of life is an advantage to the employer.—Mr. W. H Lever at Port Sunlight.

* * * I am at this moment outwardly arrayed as a. motorist, but underneath is the blood-and-fire toggery of the Salvation Army.—General Booth on tour. * * *

Lord Balfour of Bui:leigh, speaking on the Unemployed Bill in the House of Lords the other day, remarked that "it was like giving a baby a bottle which did not contain milk."

* * * "Keir Hardie never had a day's schooling in his life; he was seventeen before he learned to sign hig name, but such was his grit that before he was twenty- three he had not only mastered the pen, but had learned shorthand, a far more difficult matter."—The Labour Record. * *

The French Jack Tars-are having a grand dine at Portsmouth. Let us hope that the cordial under- standing which liow exists between the two great nations may continue to grow, and that the two, peoples may be drawn closer together in that noble desire—the peace of the world.

* * * The petition drawn upby the Stockton Heath Parish Council against the proposal of the County Council to, erect a new school in the district has not received that. almost unanimous support which its framers had. hoped would be extended to it. Apparently in this- matter as in the suggested boycott of the cars there is considerable difference of opinion among the' "Heathens."

* * * It is certain that Dissenters have made up their minds that they will not longer be treated as pariahs and outcasts. When a distinguished prelate of the. Church can be treated as the Bishop of Bristol has been, simply because he recognised another great Christian community as a Church, it is idle to preach to Nonconformists the duty of patient submission.— Dr. J. Guinness Rogers in the" Times."

* * A great deal is heard about physical development nowadays, but it is something new to find a writer extolling the merits of housework in this direction. If exercise is conducive to, health, says Mrs. J. S. Marshall in the "Daily Chronicle," the finest exercise that a girl can have is a little judicious housework. Every muscle' is brought into play, and as much interest can be obtained from sweeping and dusting a, room as from, a game of hockey or tennis. But what have the girls to say of this latter claim?

The August Bank Holiday appears to have estab- lished a record. Neither an industrial crisis nor unpro- pitious weather deter the British workman from enjoy- ing himself on.the last Bank Holiday before Christmas, and the following figures of the excursion traffic speak ;for themselves :—Blackpool, 73 special trains; South- port, 32: Scarborough, 25; Llandudno, 19; Douglas, 12 steamers. It: was certainly a great day for the ;seaside resorts and even the ram: did some people a good turn for the places of amusement were thronged, :and the management reaped a rich harvest. * , _ .

The crusade against street betting is being vigor- .ously conducted throughout the country, and War- rington magistrates take a foremost place in assisting the endeavours to suppress what is undoubtedly a great evil. Bookmakers brought before them for con- travening the provisions of the bye-laws can look for ' little symyathy, and in every case which is proved the maximum penalty- is liallicted Determined action of this character in neeeseary in the interests of public * * * _ .

One wonders in vain how such a sensational rumour as that which caused alarm in Warrington on Saturday could originate. A. report that an Isle of Man boat had foundered with,all passengers spread with remark- able rapidity, and as there were many Warringtonians on board, the feelings of their relatives at home may easily imagined. Happily the rumour proved utterly baseless. It was not-by any means confined to Warrington, for during the day the report was in circulation in different parts, of Lancashire, Yorkshire, and Staffordshire, and even travelled so far south as Birmingham.. * * Residence near a Cenia4ary does not appear to dis--, turb the complacency of -people in Warrington, at any r, rate. Perhaps they have•not seen the following jewel from an examination paper which "Punch " says was •!' received by the lady manager of a " housewifery " centre (in connection with public elementary day': schools) :—Q. Give rules for choosing a house. A. Do not live near a semertery for if you do the ground:', will crack in the might and a gurin.will come up int 0.4,11 your house and, in the rimming you will feel very ill and the doctor,will say.- it is lead-poisoning and there is no hope.

* * Warrington, contributed its fair quota to swell the crowds at the holiday resorts on Monday. There were heavy bookings from both stations, the following being some of the figures :—Batik Quay Station : Blackpool 500, North Wales 600, Frnilsham and Chester SOO, Liverpool 50, Morecambe and Windermere 100. Central Station: New Brighton 1,000, Liverpool 1,000, Southport 750; Manchester 500, Burton and the, Midlands 100, Delamero Forest and Chester 100, and ,* Hoylake and West•Kifily 50. Warrington people are' not at all behind in their observance of the feast of Saint Lubbock !

, * * * Policeman have a,g,reat deal to put up with at times but it is seldoradhat they have to suffer such a loss of dignity as that to whinh a Salford P.C. was subjectel by a froliesome canal bather. The constable saw three. youths disporting themselves in the canal and going down to the towing path announced his intention of ' taking theminto custody. While waiting for two of them to dress he stood so temptingly close to the edge' of the path that the third gave him a push which sent: himinto eight feetr ar water. He struggled vainly to chi.mber out,,and was in an awkward predicament& until assisted by the two who were to be arrested. The little amusement cost the offendsr 30s. at the, Poliae Court on lioreday. * * * Once a yearthe Lancashire cotton operative revels. in luxury at the seaside, and the funds which he ," puts by " forthe great week are surprisingly large. On Wednesday there was a distribution of the, ;savings accumulated during tbe year by the mill workers belonging to a P.S.A. savings club at Black-- 'burn, and theanaount paid out was not far short Of i£14,000: There were over three thousand recipients;. And 9,000 sovereigns, besides half-sovereigns and silver, were, carried away. The police lent a watch,' fill oversight of the proceedings. Other distributions' will bring the total saved by the workers of this town up, to 5.,50,000. The sneside tradesmen, aro looking forward to brisk times !: * * * Objectors to the proposal to approach Mr. .:.ypilte4ir Carnegie with a view to obtaining a Library grant for \Warrington have on more than. one occasion pointe4 4ut that such grants are madecin certain "conditions which the millionaire imposes. Judging from, wha,, has happened at Great Harvrood these "conditions do not always commend themselves to the pospectivo recipients of the funds. Ftir nearly three years the District Council of that place have had under con- sideration an offer by Mr, Carnegie towards a free library, but no decision has been arrived at. rin effort to persuade Mr. Carnegie to modify- his eondi- iions has proved unsuccessful, and now the £3,00° ' goes abegging.

* * * When are the Park Gates at the corrr of Crosfielat street and Kendrick reet to be opened for the dailY use of the public? :If the grass cn. the green trodden down by those people who are anxious to fia°l' a near way home, and back again ta work, would it . not be as well if a path were laid. The park, after all, is for the people ; and we would suggest that the. I progressive members oE our Town Council should take the matter in hand and find some means of overcomioX the present difficulty. Another alternative would bo,, to have a bowling green there. So long as the spac@, is used as a playground workmen will naturally across it. walk . ,

' • Members of Parliament do not always inspire al!. among the toilers of England, The "Labour Leader tells the following amusing story :—A Thames steara" , CAYENNE AMONG THE AUDIENCE. boat one evening had got into difficulties at There was an extraordinary incident at Blackpool I minster Bridge. The boatman's efforts to release hT: Hippodrome on Wednesday night. While the stage was craft attracted the amused attention of the membe occupied bya star turn some person, in the dress circlerg OL I Parliament who were entertaining their friends on the it is thought, scattered a large quantity of cayenne , Terrace. They t the balustrade and ' pepper over the pit. The breeze from the door at the I -"Trace. TheY crowdedo back distributed the substance over every part of the ' commented jocularly on the straggles of the botatroz,iall ' building until hundreds of people were coughing and below. Pausing in his efforts, the aggrieved. Ilflt , sneezing vigorously. The artistes' voices were entirely lifted his glance upon the dandified and astornr; drowned in tha din, and there was a general exodus to legislators, and hurled at them the rel,Utke : the bar for refreshment to relieve the burning throlts li hack, you lazy d—s, to your work !" i

I'

I

"The Black Motor-Car." Women's Chat and Fashions. "An Unconventional Holiday" by J. C. Clarke, B.A. Science Notes.

3. Alteration at Dutton Workhouse. Cricket and Bowling. Motor Notes. G. Police News. "The Wizard's Glass " by Amy Miller. ShiP Canal Meeting. Children's Corner. Stockton Heath News. 7. "The Strange Disappearance of Edmund Justican "by Adeline Sergeant. Warrington Board of Guardians. • Local Church News. Runcorn and Widnes Items. Accident in Bridge-street. Ernest Allen, watchmaker, 189, knutsford-road, was on the footpath in Bridge-street On Tuesday morning when he apparently fainted, and fell in the roadway. A lurry was passing at the time, and the rear wheel pressed on his head and chest, causing somewhat serious wounds. He was at once conveyed to the Infirmary and detained as an in-patient, where he is progressing favourably. Tripper's Sudden Death. On Sunday a number of Warrington trippers visited Macclesfield. Soon after their arrival one of their number, Enoch Pessoll, of Algernon-street, Warring- complained of being ill. He went to the rear of a public-house and expired shortly afterwards. beceased had been ailing for several months. An inquest was held on Tuesday afternoon, when a . verdict of "Death from natural causes" was returned.

11. M. Asirro:st's LIFE TONIC takes away that tired feeling.—( Ad v t.) Runcorn Rural District Council. The fortnightly meeting of the Rancor:l Rural District Council was held at Dutton on Taos(lay when there were present : Messrs. S. Woodward presiding„ Roylanc.e, J. Bolshaw, H. Eyes, T. Egerton Warburton, J. Stokes, A. Broom, T. Baxter, C. E. Dinaker, J.. H. Davies, J. Smith, T. Wright, T. Guest., 8. Pilling, J. Fryer, J. Spruce, J. Ilutt.:r, J. Hallows, I,Vhitley, W. i'Veir, T. Antwis, Admiral Jones-Parry, W. E. Hough (assistant clerk) J. Swinton and J. D "tggle (surveyors), and J. Farrington (inspector), —lt as decided to advertise for a master and matron of the Isolation Hospital at salaries at g. 50, with house, coal, gas &c., and :ILIO with 10s. per week in lieu of rations respectively. Asir. for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGFI.CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt. Trades Council and Corporation Contracts. At a meeting of the Executive Committee of the • Warrington Trades and Labour Council it was decided lhat no attempt be made at the present time to bring about an alteration in the Corporation contracts fair wages clauses.—At a meeting of the Council on Tuesday, Councillor Stott said it was felt that it would not be advisable to interfere at the present time though the clauses were very unsatisfactory and were very little improvement upon the old standing order. It was felt that it would be hopeless to attempt to bring about an alteration with• the Town Council constituted as it was , at Present. The committee would, however, have certain reconnnendations to make before the arrival of the November:elections.—lt was decided to write to the Prime Minister, the Home Secretary, and Mr. R. z ierpoint, M.P., protesting against the action of the Hera eSecretary in refusing to meet representatives of the Scottish Women's Trades Council with regard tO the conditions of labour in the laundry business. ,_PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST OGOTS x LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Choir Trip. The members of St. Clement's Choir (numbering about 30) held their annual excursion on Monday when ..tiey visited Morecambe. The party were accompanied by the Rev. T. W. Barber (curate-in-charge), Mrs. Barber and several friends from the district, and later _O,O were joined by Mr. Hodgson, of Lymm, brother of the late Rey. D. S. Hodgson, first priest-in-charge at t..st. Clement's. After an excellent luncheon, which was served before noon, the party proceeded by char-a-bane O Halton when a brief inspection was made of the interesting old church, at present undergoing restora- tion. On resuming their journey the party travelled to Caton, where games of various kinds, walks, &c., formed a settifig for an enjoyable afternoon. An excellent tea and a charming drive to Morecambe, the weather throughout being fine brought to a close one of the most enjoyable excursions ever experienced by the choir. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Fred Horton, who (in the absence of the curate-in-charge) Made the arrangements for the day's excursion.

New Musical Organization. A new society has just been formed in Warrington under the title of the Warrington Orchestral Society. Already there is a membership of about twenty, and Mr. Tom Boothroyd is fulfilling the duties of conductor. Honour for Mr. H. P. Hughes. In public Gorsedd at Mountain Ash on' Friday, Mr. H. P. Hughes,of Stockton Heath, was initiated into the bardic degrees by the title of Ap Howel in recognition of his essay on the Keltic languages. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC takes away that tired feeling.—(Advt.)

Death of Mr. Richard Silk. '1 The death took place at his residence, 20, Beamont- street, on Saturday evening, of Mr. Richard Silk, the well-known coal merchant. Mr. Silk had been in a declining state of health for about 12 months, and his death was due to consumption. He leaves a widow and five children to monm,his loss. Peculiar Accident. A singular accithnt occurred on Wilderspool Cause- way on Sunday, John Lowe, cab driver, in the employ of Mr. H. F. Greenough, cab proprietor, while driving a cab along the Causeway passed an electric car the trolley pole of which snapped and dropped•on his head. He received an electric shock and slight injuries, and was taken to the Infirmary. KITCHEN RANGES, Fire Grates, Files &c., large stock.-4. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—ADVT. Shrewsbury Floral Fete. The annual Shrewsbury floral f6te, perhaps the i principal of its kind held n the country, will be held next Wednesday and Thursday week. A long, interesting and varied programme has been arranged, particulars of which will be found in our advertising columns.

Military Records. We are asked to state that inquiries for information regarding individuals who have formerly served or are now serving in the undermentioned Corps should be addressed to the Officer in charge of Records, Fulwood Barracks. Preston : —The Kings Liverpool Regiment, the Lancashire Fusiliers, the East L,incashire Regi- ment, the South Lancashire Regiment, the North Lancashire Regiment. the Manchester Regiment. Every effort Will be made to give the information re- quired. - - -

Death of Mr. Edward Gibbon, of Lymm, Mr. Edward Gibbon, of Manor House, and formerly lof Yew Tree Farm, Lymm, died on Sunday after a long illness. Mr. Gibbon, who was in his 68th year, was a successful farmer and breeder of shire horses, , and carried off prizes at various shows. He was at one time farm bailiff for Mr. George Charnley Dew- : hurst, grandfather of the present squire, and also carried on business as a corn miller in the village. He was a Churchman and prominent Conservative. MA.rt. CARTS and Bassinettes, the latest designs. J. S. GARLAND. 51 to 53, Bridge-street, Warrington. —ADVT. Two Boys Poisoned by Laburnum Pods. On Sunday evening Detective Clough heard a com- motion in Orchard-street, and on going to inquire the cause, found that two lads, William and John Harrop, aged 10 years and nine years respectively, sons of Mr. Joseph Harrop, of .23, Orchard-street, had been brought home ill. They said they had been eating laburnum pods, which had apparently poisoned them. The lads were very sleepy, and great exertions were required to keep them awake. An emetic was administered, and Dr. Anderson sent for, and the lads are now reported to be progressing satisfactorily. Fire at Colborne-Street Chapel. On Wednesday evening the Rev. Joseph Ellison was conducting the weekly service at the Golborne street Baptist Chapel, and while engaged in prayer he was informed that the building was on fire. The congrega- tion quickly dispersed, and the fire brigade was sent for. In a short time the flames were extinguished the fire itself did little damage, but the church fittings, carpets, and books were damaged considerably by water. The fire was caused through the ventilator above the central gas chandelier becoming blocked. The services will be continued to-morrow (Sunda)) as. usual. ASK for CUNNDIGITAII'S HrGH-CLAsb NIIKERAL WATERS.—Advt. Picnic to Bollington. On Saturday a picnic organized by Mr. H. Ashton, Bridge Inn, was held to 13ollington. The party, numbering 30, drove to the Stamford Arms, where they entered upon a bowling main. During an interval an excellent tea was served by Mr. and Mrs, Jefferson. Bowling was then resumed, and after close contests the winners were announced as follows:- 1, J. Groarke ; 2, A. Broady; 3, T. Brooks; 4, A. Randalls ; 5, T. Edleston ; 0, 11. Newton; 7, J. - Fleming; 8, A. Darnley; whilst the consolation prizes were won by I,J. Winstanley ; 2, H. McWhirter, 3, J. Holmes; 4, J. Sigg ; 5, L. Ankland. The prizes were presented by the following gentlemen:—Messrs. T. Bowers, T. Mainwaring, J. Wilson, W. Kay and W. Allcock. The day was tine and the outing was greatly enjoyed by all who took advantage of it. PUBLIC BENEFIT. UNDER TUB CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LA.NCASIIIRE.—Advt. Death of Mr. T. Whittaker.

_ We record with regret the death of Mr. Thomas Whittaker, of Grappenhall-road, Stockton Heath, which occurred under painfully sudden cirenmstances on Wednesday. Deceased had for the past 20 years been a sufferer from asthma and bronchitis and on Wednes- day afternoon he visited the surgery of his medical adviser, Dr. Reginald Smith, where he died suddenly while consulting the locum tenses. At one time he was employed by tile Wigan Coal and Iron Company as a traveller, and subsequently by Messrs. Fletcher Russell and Company, retiring about twelve years ago He was a staunch supporter of the Warrington Foot- ball Club and was one of the most regular attenders at the clubs engagements. He was 5g years 'of age and leaves a widow and one daughter. The funeral will take place this (Saturday) afternoon at the Cemetery at 3 o'clock.

Temperance and Agriculture. During the four days of the recent Royal Lancashire Agricultural Show at Wavertree, Liverpool, the Diocesan Branch of the C.E.T.S. had a large marquee with a frontage of 25 feet. Drinks suitable for use at haytime and harvest were made and distributed free along with recipes and other literature by a staff of twenty workers, under the direction of. the Secretary. It is estimated that no fewer than 15,000 persons visited the marquee and tried the drinks and 20,000 copies of recipes &c., were distributed. Mr. Henry Taylor, our local Missionary, along with Mr. Gladstone was responsible for the linking of the drinks. The whole staff of the Societywith the Rev. J. Hirst (secre- tary), worked hard to make the event a success. WASHING AND WRINGING MACHINES try J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55 Bridge-street, Warrington.— ADVT.

Motor Car In Collision. A collision between a motor car and a cart occurred on Wilderspool Causeway early, on Sunday morning. Alfred Cook, broker, 322, Knutsford-road, Warring- ton, was driving in company with six other men in a horse and cart, and Mr. Thomas (rat ton, of Stockton Heath, was driving a motor car in the same direction and in endeavouring to pass the cart his car skidded on the tram lines and ran into the back of the vehicle. The horse was knocked down and the shaft broken, Cook receiving slight injuries. Mr. Garton was accompanied by two other gentlemen, one of whom, Mr. Robert Reynolds, Burscough Bridge, near South- port, was thrown out and received a scalp wound and other injuries. He was attended by Dr. Collins and afterwards taken to the infirmary, where he is pro- gressing most fatisfactorily. OWING TO CONTINUED ADVANCE IN PRICES. The GROCERS and PROVISION DEALERS are com- pelled to advance the prices of Butter, Cheese, Bacon, &c.—Advt.

Warrington Field Club. On Bank Holiday, despite the threatening morning, a number af members of the Warrington Field Club travelled to Hartford and had a day's ramble by Petty. pool, Abbot's Moss and Kernnel Wood. The whortle- berries and lilberries were not quite ripe. Two species of eundew were noted. Many moths, beetles, flies and spiders were taken, amongst the latter a rare hunting spider, Lycosa herbigrada, not hitherto recorded in the district. This will find a resting place in the local collection at the Museum. Careful recot ds were made of the birds and mammals that were seen, the most interesting of the latter being a squirrel, whose anxiety to escape the obsenation of so eminently scientific a party led to his rapid rush up a birch tree from whose topmost boughs he scrutinized them. in a very clinical way. After partaking of tea at the Blue Cap the party set out for Hartford, but, being over- taken by a severe thunderstorm, sustained a drenching which somewhat marred, the pleasure of an otherwise delightful ramble.

;New Burtonwood Organist. I Mr. Arthur Pennington, of Ashton-in-Makerfield has ! been appointed the organist and choirmaster of St. Michael's Parish Church, Bartonwood. He is a pupil of and has been coached for the position by Mr. Charles Henry Dawson.

Cruelty to a Canal Horse. At the Newton-le-Willows Police Court on Thursday, William Twigg. of Widnes, was charged with cruelty to a horse, at Earlestown, on the 3txr inst.—Sergeant Barrow and Inspector Tunes gave evidence to the effect that the horse was attached to a boat on the St. Helens and Sankey Canal. • On the right hip was a wound six inches square, on the left one of three inches square, under the collar was a complete mass of raw suppurating wounds, the horse was painfully lame in alt legs from laminitis, and immediately it was put in a field it fell down, and had since been under the care of the police. It was stated that the horse and boat belonged to Mr. Richard Abel, Oldhall- street, Liverpool.—Mr. Linaker, for the defence, stated that when the defendant took the horse out he did not know it was lame. Defendant was fined 20s. and costs.

LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. Fires on a Cheshire Farm. On Tuesday at Runcorn, Michtel Kelly, formerly of Widnes, and now of New Ferry, MIS charged with being found on the enclosed premises of Robert Shepherd at Parkside Farm, Aston, for an unlawful purpose at 4.30 a.m. on Sunday. The prisoner, it was stated, was found asleep under the hay bays in the stackyard, and how he had got there was a mystery, as there was a barbed wire fence seven feet high round the premises. There had been eight fires at this farm within a short period. At the last fire some thousands of pounds damage was done. These fires generally occurred between Saturday night and Mon- day morning. Matches had been found on the prisoner and it was asked that the heaviest possible penalty should be inflicted. After heariu the evidence, the magistrates sentenced the prisoner to two months' hard labour.—The Prisoner: You should send to New Ferry for my character,

Accident on the Transporter Bridge. About nine o'clock on Tuesday nigh't,a somewhat seri- ous mishap occurred on the Widnes and Runcorn Trans- porter Bridge. As the ear was approaching Runcorn, over the Ship Canal, a large plank fell from the girders overhead, a height of about 80 feet. The car was fairly well loaded with passengers, and the plank just grazed the head of Mrs. Stringer, of Suffolk-street, Runcorn, struck Mrs. Mary Williamson, of Brackley- street, on the shoulder and arm, and then alighted on the foot of her daughter, Miss Mary Williamson. A Widnes young lady, whose name has not yet been ascertained, was also struck, and fainted. The Williarnsons and the young lady were taken to Dr. MacLennan's surgery, and were attended to by his locum tenens. The mother and daughter had t') be taken home in a cab, and are now confined to bed. Their injuries are considered to be serious. The Widnes lady was able to walk back to the car with assistance, and make the return journey. Mrs. Stringer is suffering frcm shock.

Next Thursday's Agricultural Show. The Sixteenth annual show.of the Wan ington and District Agricultural Society will be held in Walton Park on Thuisday next. Given fine weather, this popular event should prove exceptionally successful. There is a record entry, numbering 453 in the 51 classes, There is 41 splendid entry in the shire hackney and harness classes and a keen competition may be expected. Prizes, cups, (Sic.. are offered to the value of about £750. As in past years, Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., gives a district champion cup value .£.lO and two silver cups value £5 each and other special prizes are offered by Lady Greenall, and Mr. F. Stapleton Bretherton. Mr. J. Whittaker Kenworthy,Mr. James Gould,Messrs. Henry Milling and Co., and Messrs. Day. and Sons. Medals are offered by the Shire Horse Society, the Hunters' Improvement Society. A special feature of the show will be novice classes in the open hunter and open harness classes for horses not having previ- ously won large prizes at other shows. The Yorkshire Hussars Band will play a selection of masie during the (lay. 'Buses will run from the town to Walton at frequent intervals. The showyard opens at 9 o'clock, and judging will commence at 9.30. Sir G. Greenall will give a lunch, and on this occasion the public will have the opportunity of joining it. There will also be a tea tent.

`,";

===== 0002601_19050812_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050812_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 12, 1905.

LATEST NEWS.

Japan's Peace Terms.

Japan's peace terms are now in the possession of the Russian Government. The terms were presented in writing at Thursday's meeting of the peace pleni- potentiaries, and were cabled in cipher to St. Peters- burg after being considered by the Russian envoys and delegates at Portsmouth, United States. After Russia has considered the terms she will make her reply, also in writing. The sittings of the conference stand adjourned until such time as the Russian reply is ready to be submitted.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LANCASHIRE COTTON DISPUTE.

Possibility of Settlement. In some circles, a certain optimism prevaili that the dispute in the Lancashire cotton trails may yet be settled without a strike. The majority of notices tendered by Stockport spinners ran out on Thursday night, but it is taken as a hnppy augury that an arrange- ment has been arrived at between the masters and men whereby the spinners will continue to work until nnon on Saturday, when the mills will close for a week for the annual wakes holidays, which commence on Monday next. _

Mr. Boner Law, in the House of Commons on Thurs- day, said that if the Board of Trade had reason to believe that the intervention was likely to prove nseful they would at once take steps under the Conciliation Act, MO. The neatest interest in the crisis is, perhaps, being felt in Bolton and district, where notices for 5 per cent. reduction have bean received. Mr. Gill, the cotton operatives' secretary,interviewed on the situation, says there is no jmtification for a reduction at the present time, as ihe Bolton trade is in an improving condition. The margin of profit last week was seven-sixteenths more than the margin in 1888. in 1900, when the masters were making fabulous profits, spinners made application for only 5 per cent., while the employers were in a posi- tion to pay 20 per cent. -

INCREASE OF WAGES GRANTED. Three large cotton-spinning firms in the Ashton-under- Lyne district yesterday morning conceded the advance of 5 per cent, asked for by the workers.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Electric Train Disaster.

Jury's Finding on the Conduct of the Signalman and Driver.

- . The inquest concluded on Thursday,at Blundell Sands on the 20 victims of the Hall road electric train disaster on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway on 27th July. The motorman, William Rimmer, and the signalman William Boote, both gave evidence. The former said Boote " flagged "him through, and noticing the points were set for the middle siding, witness shut off the current, but had not sufficient room in which to pull up. The signalman said that when the express came up he forgot to reverse the points. He lost his head when he discovered the mistake. Over evidence showed that the signals were in perfect order after the collision. The jury found that the accident was due to a mis- take of Signalman Boote and Driver Rimmer through an error of judgment, which was censurable but not criminal._

lney recommended that the " Leine " points should be conversant with the working of the motor, and that signalmen and drivers should be periodically examined as to rules.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Cricket Professional's Suicide

The inquest Wa4 held at Haslingden on Thursday on the body of John Usher, a well-known cricket profes- sional, bodylwas taken from the reservoir the previous day. His widow said the deceased was engaged with the Crompton club up to the last Saturday in July. He had been in trouble a long time, and said he would not live through it. When he came home a week last Saturday he said things she did not care for. She did not see him between Friday morning and Tuesday night. The police stated that the body did not appear to have been long in the water when got out at ten o'clock on Tuesday forenoon. The Coroner said it was common knowledge that the deceased had been in trouble lately. The jury returned a verdict that TJ she! drowned him- self when, by reason of his adverse circumstances, he was not of sound mind.

CRISP A-ND CREAMY.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOLUNTEER ENCAMPMENT. AMUSING EXPERIENCES.

[BY OUR, PECIAL COnnESPONDIn'T.] Fii PAY.—Friday was spent in general skirmishing, the general scheme being a sham fight between the right and left half battalions. A strong wind was blowing from the south-west and the effect on the men, was ludicrous in the extreme. It speaks well for our fatigue Party when it is stated that all our tents stood the fury of the gale. Squally rain fell at intervals. A serious accident occurred to a Warrington 'butcher named William Evans, in camp. He was holding a piece of meat when Sergeant-Butcher Baldwin accidently crashed into his hand and wrist with a cleaver, splitting them open. He was quickly attended to by Surgeon-Major Adams and is now doing well. A shooting match took place between the olficersiand sergeants, the non-com.'s winning by 4 points. Captain Avery won the first prize in the officers' competition with 72 points, Lieutenant Pickton being second with 67. A concert was held in the large marquee in the evening when a good pro- gramme was given by a number of variety artistes.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
A 600 D DRENCHING..

Sawana.Y.—Satorday mornieg breke fine and clear, and the men were early astir. After being once more medically exmined,tents were struck, everything packed up, and put away. The boards were then well scrubbed and left to dry some twenty yards from camp. The men then paraded an shirt-sleeves and practised skirmishing and field signals in the vicinity. After about an hour's drill, rain commenced to fall in torrents. What a rush there was for camp I The men worked as probaby they had never worked before. The tents were thrown up in quick time and the beds, kits, &c., pitched in helter- skelter. However, we took it all in good humour and soon settled down to dry ourselves and our clothes. Great amusement was caused by the following inci- dents :—Two horses belonging to the Mounted Infantry had somewhat trayed from camp. The cyclist company were sent out in search of them, ancl,not being able to find them, the men hired a couple of hobby horses from a fair an the neighbourhood. These were brought back to camp and concealed in the cyclists' lines and Captain Avery was sent for. This officer quickly came on the scene and, although he was fairly "had," he regarded the matter as a hugh joke. General Booth and his staff passed the camp in seven motor cars on their way to Sviudon and wefe heartily cheered by those who saw him. A TRIP TO SOUTHAMPTON AND THE ISLE OF WIGHT. SUNDAY.—The only parade on Sunday was the church parade, at which the chaplain, the Rev. NV. Bracecanap. officiated. After breakfast, a large contingent proceeded by two special trains to Southampton, some stayed here and were interested in the decorations which had been displayed in honour of the French fleet. The rest had a delightful sail round the Isle of Wight and saw the King's yacht and several battleships in the Solent. Three services were held in the Y.NI.C.A. tent, the Rev. W. Bracecamp preaching at the evening service on "Playing the fool." A SPOILED FIELD DAY. MONDAY.—On Monday the commencement of a series of manceuvres should have been made at 8 a.m., but owing to rain, there was a postponement. The battalion paraded at two o'clock and marched off with filled water- bottles and haversacks. A sharp march was made through Tintown and past the Perham Down camp to Warren Hill. Here the men were engaged in outpost duty. The-idea was that the oetposts were on night duties and the battalion were instructed in the duties of sentries, visiting patrols. reliefs, &c. On the way home, the battalion whistling band," gave some lively tunes. In the evening the opening match was played in the first round of the football competition "E" Com- pany beating the" M.T." by two goals to nil. A HARD MARCH AND A WARM DAY. TUESDAY.—An interesting day's work was gone through on Tuesday. It was supposed that a red force consisting of the Herefords and Cheshires,the section of the South Lancashire Mounted Infantryand the section of R. F.A. under Colonel Scobie had been raiding the coentry, and a blue force under Colonel Wynne Edwards and consisting of the South Lancashires and Welsh, 3 sections Mounted Infantry and 1 section R. F. A., had only been partly successful in repelling the attack. The orders for the blue force were to regain their transport and then to proceed along the road to Marlborough from Bulfird. A very hard march of about six miles under a blazing sun brought us to the scone of operations and a very stiff fight ensued. Three accidents were repursed during the day, Sergeant Magian of the Mounted Infantry having the misfortune to break his collar bone and two of the cyclists having very nasty spills, damaging themselves and their mounts. The battalion returned back to camp about 2.20 p.m. having been out since 7.20 a.m. The two remaining matches In the Ist round of the football competition\were layed in the evening and resulted as follows : H" Company, 1 goal," C" Company nil ; "B "Company 2 goals," G " Company nil. VOLUNTEER PHYSIQLTE. As the result of the medical inspection in accordance with the terms of the recent War Office circular, it is stated that not a single man in the four battalions of the Thirtieth Field Army Brigade failed to come up to the standard of requirements for foreign service. This is a unique record. The volunteer battalions which have the distinction of forming the Thirtieth Field Army Brigade are the Ist South Lancashire (Warrington and Newton-le- Willows), the and Cheshire (Chester, Runcorn, Ac.), the Ist Royal Welsh Fusiliers (Wrexham, Denbigh, &c.,) and the Ist Herejordshire.

SUCCESS OF THE BLUE FORCE. WEDNESDAY.—Yesterday's operations resulted in the Red Raiding force being driven back to Shipton Derringer where they reinforced. This morning the battalion paraded at 7.30 in shirt sleeves with 20 rounds of ammunition per man and marched along the road (?) past Tidworth to the rendezvous. The enemy were dis- covered advancing in column from the east front, apparently from Parkhouse. The left flank of the Blue force changed the direction of firing and the Red force were apparently repulsed. At the time of writing, the umpires' decision had not been announced. The weather in the morning was very threatening, but with the exception of one or two slight showers, the rain kept off. The battalion arrived back in camp shortly after 3 o'clock when dinner was served. Three matches wore tlaved in the second round of the Cup competition; "D" company gained a victory over the Cyclists by two goals to one, "A " and "I" played a drawn game of one goal each, while were defeated by "F" to the tune of two goals to nil. The massed bugle bands of the brigade, assisted by the 3rd V.B. West Yorkshire Regiment, sounded "Retreat" to-night under the, direction of Sergeant- Drummer Plinston. THURSDAY'S OPERATIONS.

-- The operations on Thursday were again on n very evtensive scale. The Cheshires, South Laneashires, and Yorkshires were opposed by the Welsh and Herefords and a stiff fight ensued. The Mounted Infantry, Cyclists and signallers have been made use of during the opera- tions and have acquitted themselves very creditably. H.R.H. the Inspector-Ceneral of the Forces is expected to visit the camp on Friday to inspect the lines and men's kits. Kcourt of inquiry is to be held with regard to several accidents in order to grant compensation to the men. The general health of the men is good although there have been a number of rather serious accidents among the cyclists end Mounted infantry. TIME OF RETURNING. The battalion will return home abotic 7 o'clock this (Saturday) evening.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

WEEK ENDING AUGUST sth, 1903. Daring the week, the following births and deaths were registered :—Warrington Registration . District births, 47, deaths, 30. The excess of births over deaths was 17.

The birth-rate was equal to 35-3. • The death-rate from all causes was equal to 22-3 per 1,000 against 16-2 the average of the previous 4 weeks and against 18-2 the corresponding period of last year. The death rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 0-7 per 1,000, against 3-3 the average rate of the previous 4 weeks and against 3-8 the corresponding period of 1901.

The ages of mortality were :- 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25--65 65—up. Total 12 6 1 7 4 30. _ _ . _ _ . _ _

The deaths included-6 from diarrbcea,l from enteritis, 2 from measles, 1 from cancer, 2 from heart diseases, 2 from phthisis, 1 from bronchitis, 2 from pneumonia, 13from all other causes. Total number of patients in hospital, week ending sth August, 1905, 23. METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was .19 Fah and therefore 1 deg. lower than the preceding week The maximum temperature 70F., was recorded on the 2nd inst., and the minimum temperature 45K, on the Ist inst. The rainfall measured I•o3lnch. The general direction was W. S. W. J. GUEST GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
, CRAWFORD'S

CREAM CRACKERS

===== 0002601_19050812_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

I Warrington have struck a vein of bad luck just at present, that is if their continued reverses can be attri- buted to the eccentricities of Dame Fortune. Since June 14th they have won one match and prior to that date three clubs only had proved unequal to the task of either defeating them or sharing the honours of the encounter. To win four matches out of seventeen played does not enhance the reputation of the club, and to SO7lO of their supporters the metaphorical last straw was brought into operation when they were again defeated at home. Still the majority are not without hope of seeing them win ere the season closes. So far that pleasure has been denied them as every match on the Arpley enclosure has resulted in either a draw or a defeat.

Saturday's match was an important one inasmuch as it had a great bearing upon Warrington's position in the League table as it was tlope,d that by winning the local eleven would ensure the avoidance of the possession of the wooden spoon. They did not win and consequently there is a strong probability that they will occupy that ignominious position. Their only rivals are Prescot and they hold the advantage of having a game in hand while only a single point In arrears. The position of the clubs up-to-date is:— P. W. L. D. P. Earlestown Stanley Newton 9 5 2 ... 2 ... 12 St. Helens 9 .. 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 18 St. Helens Rees Warrington Prescot

! Saturday's match attracted a large number of spec- +ators to the Arpley ground, and batting first, St. Helens totalled 134. There was a time when the task of equal- ling such a score would have been regarded as a light one by Warrington, but now, apparently, it is completely bevond thorn, and thy replied with the insignificant total of 76, out of which Nlason and linwtin scored 36, each recording 14 runs. The only other players to reach double figures were Bibby (10) and Podmore (12).

; Bibby was the only player on the Warrington side who gave a good account of himself as in addition to making a comparatively respectable score he took four of the St. Helens wickets forK, runs. Thewlis captured three for 31. The batting averages as a result of the poor display suffered all round and are now Times Most 1 not in Inns, out, inns, runs. average E. A. Connor ...... 12 ... 3 ... 133 ... 403 ... 4511

111ftsonl J. W. Bibby P. B. Hawtin iA. Thewlis ;J. Thompson IW. Richardson l5 0 ... 41 ... 203 ... 13'53

The second eleven figured with no more success than their seniors and were soundly beaten at St. Helens, The home tea n compiled 109 runs, half the wickets falling to E. Pierpoint, and in reply Warrington made 73, four players only reaching double figures. -- Mason, the popular Warrington professional, will, at the close of the season, sever his connection with the club. He signified his intention of doing so recently and endeavours to settle the differences which have arisen have proved futile. This will be widely regretted by supporters of the club.

Walker's Brewery team have been busy of late and the last two matches played have resulted in victories. On Wednesday they defeated the Widnes police by scoring GO for seven wickets in reply to a total of 52. The previous Saturday they triumphed with ease over Haydock. Batting first they scored 128 fgr the loss of four wickets, Dargan heading the list with 44 not out. Haydock were dismissed for 74. --- Stanley came a surprising " cropper" at Earlestown thanks to the efforts of Crowther and Robinson who between them scored 90 runs out of 109.

Sankey Wire Mills do not, apparently, believe in do- ing things by halves. Prior to Saturday's match they were undefeated and had inflicted some severe trounc- ings upon their opponents. Oa Saturday they visited Hindley Green, and g tve a surprising account of them- selves. Batting first, they were altogether unable to judge the delivery of Spicer and Battersby, and one by one had unusually brief stays at the wicket. The highest score was 6by Taylor, and eight players between them recorded 10 ! Spicer took four wickets for seven runs and I3attersby 5 for 12. Battersby was also prominent in the butting, compiling a vigorously hit 53.

Moore and Dareshary and the Ctble Company's team had a close fight on Saturday, and in the end the last- named club won by ono run. Moore batted first and their innings was a triumph, of W. Howard, who took seven wickets for 16 runs, doing the " hat trick." -- Grappenliall second eleven entertained Arley on Saturday and won easily. Hallows took eight wickets for twelve runs.

Generally speaking bowlers held the upper hand in Saturday's matches and the two excellent records stated above were equalled in the match between Latchford Baptists and St. James', Groarke and fieesom taking respectively four of the Baptist wickets for two runs and four for three.

Bowling. Pearson and Knowles No. 1 team have realized their highest anticipations and for the second year in succes- sion are the proud possessors of the Finlayson Cup. They have not come by that honour without a struggle and throughout the season they have displayed consist- ently excellent form which has earned for them the well deserved little champions of the works teams. The final they did not view with any misgivings and the result—a handsome win—justified their confidence. Fletchers, on the other hand,recognized that in the con- cluding stage of the competition they were faced with an unusually dqicult task, but they did not view the match as hopeless and while they were defeated they were not disgraced.

The King and Queen green, over which the match was played, was in splendid condition, thanks to the atten- tion of Mr. Rogers, and the climatic conditions were such as conduced to good trundling. In anticipation of witnessing a keen contest a large number of spectators assembled, nor were they disappointed. From the large margin of points which separated the teams it would perhaps appear to be otherwise but the contrary was the case the bowling of both teams being of a high order. J. Hardman and J. Bridge set the ball rollingand Fletchers man triumphed after loading throughout. R. Rothwell atoned for the initial defeat sustained by his side. He and J. Massey were level until the eighth end when a double gave the "forgeman " the advantage. Massey tried hard to retrieve his position but Rothwell always held the upper baud and ultimately gave his side an advantage of two points.

The two captains had a lengthy fight. Peeling at four Ball ran to ten. Evans then secured the jack and the score was carried by him to 8-11. This, however, proved his concluding effort, and he had to admit defeat without improving his position. Flotcher's at this point had a run of ill-luck, and their outlook was the reverse of having improved, when W. Ashall was beaten 15-5 by T. Hatton. Ashall never once looked like winning. H. Bennett alsoproved too strong for his opponent. Open- ing with a single he scored nine before atintith opened his account. For the remainder of the game the points were equally divided.

W. Mee was equally successful in his game with J. Noden and P. and R. led by 37 points with six players off the green. Fletchers men fully realized the serious- ness of their position and began to assert themselves. Hackett was the one to set the lead and he did not meet with success until he had been given a bad frights. At the ninth end he was four points in arrear to NV. Bowering but securing the jack he equalized with two doubles taking the lead immediately afterwards. Bowering did not retire without a struggle but he had met more than his match and the second win was recorded for Fletchers.

C. Littlewood and F. Lleesom had one of the most, exciting games associated with the fixture. Littlewood i opened n a brilliant manner and at the third end led by five points to nil. A single to both players made little alteration in the situation but Fletcher's arm having got into the run of the green entered into the reckoning. Three doubles made him equal and again securing theminimum points for a single end he led 10-8. Two singles further improved tals position when the forgeman again asserted himself and peeled. Two ends later the scores were again equal. The last point was hotly contested and it was secured by Heesom after a splendid bit of work.

Fletchers had begun to entertain hopes of success hut they were doomed to disappointment. The defeat of J. Massey jun., making it practically impossible for them to triumph. Massey's play was surprising. He com- menced indifferently and was rapidly left behind the scores at the twelfth end being 1:3-4. He then ross to the occasion and secured the next seven points. The improvement however came too late and he was beaten.

P. Ball maintained the family traditions and after a somewhat uncertain opening peeled at seven. Taking the lead he went to 13-9 when he fell off. Broadhurst secured the jack and elect- ing to ray on the most tricky part of the gre3n obtained the lead. He got his first wood in the last end well placed but Ball beat him by a few inches and P. and IC. continued in the ascendant. J. W. Worslev bad a long fight with E. Palley and it was not until the 23rd end that he claimed the game. The pair peeled at four and five and against 11 and 12. Interest

One must hasten to congratulate the winners upon their success, and I cannot say more than that it was richly deserved. I must also sympathise with the losers who also played well and deserved a better fate. No doubt they will be again heard of in future contests aarl I for one am confident that they will ultimately succeed in their ambition.

Naturally after the match there was a little speech- making and this took an appropriate form. The prizes were distributed by the Mayor who intimated that in his earlier years he was a follower of bowls. Since then however his interest has displayed itself in other directions and he has not been in active association with the game. After Saturday it is to be hoped that his sympathy will reawaken and will display itself in the Council Chamber if not in the advocacy at any rate in the sup- port of the extension of municipal greens. He handed the cup and gold medals to the winning team and silver medals to the runners-up.

An excellent suggestion was made by Mr. Gibson, of Pearson and Knowles who advocated the construction of bowling greens on the lawn in the park. While I would not go so far as he did and support the pro- visionlof a green in front of the Town liall, there is land sufticent in the rear of that building to cater for the requirements of the residents of the centre of the town. Mr. E. Taylor, secretary of the Warrington and District League, paid a compliment to the committee of the Works Bowling Association and words of praise were never better deserved. The com- mittee with Mr. J. Willett AS its chairman have engineered the competition splendidly and in less capable hands the season would not have been so suc- cessful. They are not however resting from their labours as they are engaged arranging for an individual merit competition, the success of which is already assured. The endeavours of the committee would how- ever be of little avail were they not backed up b 3 an able secretary and in Mr. Smalley the association has the services of an official who at the same time is the most popular and capable the organizationhas possessed

The Warrington and District League matches which were played on Saturday had an unusuaal bearing upon the positions occupied by the clubs in the competition. In the first place the Bull's Head players further strenghened their position while the Horse and Jockey men rendered their ultimate occupancy of the fourth position very uncertain and perhaps even improbable. This vas the outcome of their defeat by the champions on the Jockey green—a most surprising result. While they did not view the em...ounter with any assurance the Church-street men saw there was a possible chance of victory and by taking advantage of every little slip , made by their opponents they improved upon the total of the home team by 19 points.

The principal contributors to this success were A. Shaw alli R. Fairbrother who in their games secured a balance of points which exceeded by one the final margin. The game throughout was sternly contested and the Bull's Head team have every reason to feel proud of themselves.

The Horse and Jockey men had a busy day on Saturday as in addition they entertained the players from Penketh Park. The game had the expected end- ing and Penketh Park for the eighth time this season had to acknowledge defeat. Ont of the games played only two were won by their representatives. The position of the clubs up-to-date is as follows: P. NV. L. D. For. Agst. Pts. Bulls Head 9 . .. 1 ... 0 -.1484 —lO6B ... 16 Pearnhead lO.. 6 . 4 ... 0 —1263 ...1298 ... 12 Sankey Horse &Jockey 9 ... 4 ... 5 ... 0 ...1271 ...1289 ~. Cemetery 7 . 2 . 5.. 0 . 940 ...1052 ... 4 Penketh 8 0 ... 8 ... 0 ... 957 ...1343 0

A Shaw still retains the leadership of the individual merit table and is still unbeaten. The records are : Pts. _ _ _

P. W. L. For. —Agst. A. Shaw, Bull's Held 9 ... 9 ... 0 ... 118 ... GS Joseph Weston,Fearnheid 10 8 ... 2 ... 137 ... 101 H. Jackson, Horse and J. 9 ... 8 ... 1 ... 138 ... 113 W. Andrews, Fearnhead 10 ... 8 ... 2 ... 137 ... 101 P. Berry, Bull's Head 8 7 . 1 . 119 ... 62 J. Swanton, Bull's Head 9 ... 7 ... 2 ... 131 ... 101 H. Clare, Bull's Head 9 7 `) ... 126 ... 96 J W. Jolley, Bull's llead 9 ... 7 ... 2 ... 121 ... 90 T. Ellison, Cemetery 8 7 1 . . 118 ... 68 W. Ellison, Sankey 8 .. 1 ... 113 ... 76 G. Rutter, Sankey 8 7 . 1 .. 113 ... 71

Cycling. An imp3rtant case affecting cyclists was heard at Leigh on Thursday, when a cyclist was charged with riding on the field footpath leading from Mather Lane to St. Helens road, Leigh. Mr. Dootson. who defended, pointed out that cyclists had a legal right to ride on field footpaths, hut not on footpaths by the side of highways. He claimed the advocate's fee against the police. The case was dismissed, and ths bench allowed the dsfence one guinea advocato's fee.

The unsettled sta.to of the weather during the past week his militated against open air enjoyment and con- sequently local cyclists have not been much in evidence. On Saturday members of the Warrington Cycling Club set out on various week-end tours and the outings proved highly pleisurable. Qu Tuisday some 15 mem- bers turned out for the club run to Cronton, the even- ing proving an enjoyable one.

On Thursday the wheels were discarded, and the club indulged in a cricket match with an eleven selected by Mr. \V. H. Podrnore. Rain stopped play when Mr. Podmore's eleven had been dismissed for 96. The principal scorers were Loy (2i), Brooks (16), and Bailey 'ham° (10). Mr. Isaac's innings was a particularly exhilarating one. Taking his stand at the wicket he scored tan oil the first throe balls which he received, and was dismissed with the fourth.

To-day's run iq to Oulton Park, and on Tuesday Grintsditch Mill will be visited.

5

in the last game flagged the position being such that what- ever the result the destination of the cup could not be HATTON HORTICULTUAAL SOCIETY. affected. E. Shaw and J. Worsley were the players who were the last to try conclusions and after leading 9-1 , Shaw was beaten 15-9. 1

===== 0002601_19050812_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Athletic Successes.

At Royton Cricket Club sports on Saturday,W. Monk Warrington, was second in the half.raile bicycle race from the 75 yards mark. He was beaten by a foot. At New Brighton Sports on Monday, C. Berry, Warrington, from the 25 yards mark, won the half-mile bicycle race in 60 1-ssecs. Several local athletes figured at the Frodsham Cricket Club Sports on Monday. In the 100 yards flat race W. McCabe, Warrington, secured the third prize. The second prize in the mile flat race fell to J. Golding, Warrington. T. Haddison, Warrington, carried off the third prize in the 440 yards obstacle race. Other successes were :—One mile bicycle race-2, J. S. Hewitt, Warrington Quarter-mile fiat race—Winner of heats, H. Bellian, Warrington; Two miles bicycle race —winner of first heat, J. S. Hewitt, Warrington : second heat and final not run. At the Kendal Friendly Society's sports on Wednesday, H. Mounfield figured successfully in the bicycle races, taking the record prize in the mile races and the third in the two mile event.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Football.

Preparations for tho coming football season are now well in hand, and Warrington players will turn out for the first practice on Wednesday next. Hallam has again been elected captain of the first team and when he i 8 absent the doings of theplayers will be directed by Fish Knight has control of the second fifteen. Six new players will be tried including Bibhy and Lloyd War- rington youths who figured with success in last season's works competition.

The annuli sports in connection with the club were held on August Monday when the large attendance on the Wilderspool enclosure testified to the popularity of the event. The programme wan a highly interesting one and many well-known runners and riders figured in the competition. General regret was felt at the absence of Hyman, of Pensylvania,the world's champion 220 yards sprint racer, who was unable to turn out owing to a strained knee. Hyman's accident was par- ticularly unfortunate as he was unable to compete in the championship races whice were held at Stoke on Tuesday. Broughton Rangers have secured three new forwards in D. Bell,forrnerly captain of Morecambe: E. Darlison, of Featherstone ; and E. J. Gage, of Exmouth and Penarth.

Hull King-ton Rovers are negotiating with Swinton for the transfers of To Samuel. Evan Vigors, and Dan Rees.

The Salford and York clubs are aain in negotiation for Vernon ifarnpson's transfer, and the Salford club are in negotiation with Swinton for the transfer of "Joey " Morgan. .

===== 0002601_19050812_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

PETER WALKER AND SON, LTD. V. WIDNES POLICE C.C.—This match was played at Widnes on Wednesday and resulted in an easy win for the visitors. Widnes batted first aid made 52, the Brewery replying with 60 for the loss of 7 wickets. Score : WIDNES. WALKER'S. Sadler c Baird b Norman 4 J. Darton b Thornton 4 Ratcliffe c Darton b J. Dargan b Thornton 3 Norman 2 J. Norman b Thornton 7 Ince lbw bE. Allen Moreton run out 0 E. Allen c Barber b Hewitt c Peterson b Thornton a - Norman 2 W. Ashton c Barber b Thornton c Dargan b E Thornton 1 Allen , 2 J. Miner h Barber ... 15 Carroll b Norman Barber b Dargan 1 Whitehead not out 0 Henderson b E. Allen 0 Cleal b Ashton 1 Byes 0 Byes

Total To bat : W. Baird, J. Taylor, M. Afessiter.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Annual Show.

The members of the Hatton Horticultural Society hcld their annual show at Hatton Hall on Thursday,the exhibition, in spite of the unsettled state of the weather being a great success. The number of entres showed a gratifying incroase over those of last year and the quality of the exhibits also showed improvement. As in past years the vegitable classes were very strong; as were also the floral exhibits. The farrn produce classes showeda decided advance and everything tended to show that the society is doing a useful work. The exhibits were artistically arranged in marquees and all round called for honourable comment..

The Hen. and R.w. C. F. Cross over the opening ceremony, at which there was a large attendance.

Mrs. Lyon again performed the ceremony and spoke of the pleasure which it afforded her to be present. She eulogised the work of the Society and the excellence of the show especially praising the table decorations. Mrs. Lyon was heartily thanked for her services on the motion of the Rev. T. T. Lee Jones, seconded by Mr. T. Ditchfield and votes of thanks were also accorded Arr. Parr for the use of the field, Mr. Hatton for the able discharge of the secretarial duties, and the judges for their service; and the donors of the prizes for their generosity. The judges were :—Farmers' produce, Messrs. .1. Stokes and Edwin Britch ; cottagers' garden produce, Messrs. J. Parkinson and R. Poulton; hones', Mr. H. Potts ' • butter and eggs, Airs. J. L. Jones; table decora- tions, Mrs. Lyon, Miss Whitley and Miss Blair; baskets of flowers, Mrs. Wyatt and Miss R:dgway.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIZE LIST.

Best stocked and neatest flower gar lens, prizes given by Mr. J. J. Whitley :-Ist, J. Green 95 points ; 2nd, James Kippax 57 points ; 3rd, F. Leach 39 points; 4th, W. Duncalf 21 points •, sth. H. Maddo3k 20 points. 'Neatest and best stocked kitchen garden, prizes given by Lady Greenall : Ist, J. Green 102 points ; 2nd, J. Done 92 points ; 3rd, W. Ball 51 points; 4th, W. airmail 50 points. Best stocked and neatest flower garden, prizes given by Mr. .lames Parr (competed for by Mr. Parr's tenants only) : Ist, John Kippas 106 points; 2nd, J. Rutter 73 points ; 3rd, J. Cliffe 69 points; 4th, P. Cliff° 56 points ; sth. T. Rutter, sea., 49 points ; 6th, T. Britland 20 points. Best stocked and neatest kitchen garden, prizes given by Mr. James :Parr (competed for by Mr. Parr's tenants only) : Ist, T. Rutter, sen. 94 points ; 2nd, John Kippax. 70 points ; 3rd, J. Cliffs 5S points ; 4th, T. Britland 51 points; -sth, Miss Ellison 41 points : Neatest and best-stocked kitchen garden, prizes given by Lady Greenall: Ist, T. Grounds 92 points; 2ad, T. F. Moss SI points: 3rd, J. Moore SO points; 4th, J. Miller 60 points. Solid Silver Gilt Medal, given by Messrs. Dobbie & Co., Rothsay, to Exhibitor who gains most points in kitchen gardens: Winner :—John Green, Hatton, 102 points. Cottagers residing within 3 miles of Hatton School. Prettiest Decorated Dinner Table, with out-door Flowers (Cottagers only). Prizes given by Lady Greenall: 1, 11. Haddock; 2, J. Cliffe ;3, Miss Povey.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
GREENHOUSE. PLANTS:

One fachsia—single: 1, J. Cliffe-;-.."?..nn3 3,-F. Kipp'lx. One fuchsia—double: 1,2, and 3, F. Kippax. One begonia: 1, F. Kippax; 2.T. F.:Moss; 3,J Cliffs. Three plants—any variety: 1, P. Kippax; 2, J. Chile; 3, 'f. F. Moss.

INDO PL ANTS. One begonia: 1, John Eippax; 2, !tics. Green; 3, J. Rutter. One fuchsia—double: 1, John Rippax; 2, J. Rutter. One fuchsia—single: 1, and 2, John Kippax 3, J. Rutter. One geranium: 1, John Kippax ; 2, and 3, J. Rutter. One pot musk: 2, John Kipp)x. One ivy geranium : 1, John Kippax; 2, J. Rutter ; 3, Mrs. Green. Three window plants -any variety: 1, and 3 John liippax ; 2,J. Rutter.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
CUT FLOWERS.

Six double dahlias : 1, T. F. fkloss; 2, J. Taylor •, 3, j. Rutter. Six single dahlias : 2, J. Rater. Six • Cactus dahlias : 1, J. Taylor ; 2, T. F. Moss ; 3, E. !Heesom. Six pompon dahlias : 1 and 2, T. Rutter ; 3, 3. Rutter. Six asters: 1, F. Kippax.; 2, T. Grounds; 3, Jno. Kippax. Six marigolds-French : 1, James Kippas ; 2, T. Rutter ;3, J. Leach. Six , marigolds-African : 1,2 and 3 G. Davies. Six car- nations : 1, G. Davies ; 2, P. Cliffs ; 3, J. Rutter. Six pansies : 1, F. Leach ; 2, P. Cliffe ; 3, J. Cliffe. Six violas: 1, T. F. Moss ; 2, J. Cliffs ; 3, J. W. Wright. Six spikes ten-week stocks: 1, F. Kippax. Six spikes gladiol : 2, T. Rater. Three bunches sweet peas : 1, T. F. Moss ; 2, Jno. Kippax ; 3, J. Cliffs. Six roses : 1, P. Cliffs ; 2, J. Rutter ; 3, J. Cliffs. Collection of cut blooms : 1, T. Grounds ; 2, Jno. Kippax; 3, P. Cliffs.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
VEGETI.I3LES.

Potato.as, 3 varieties W, Dancalf ; 2, W. H. ;- 3, J. Miller. Onecabbage, red: I,J. T. Grounds ;2, I', Owen ; 3. Green. One cabbage, white :1, H. Williams; 2, T. Rutter; 3, J. Green. Two cauliflowers: I,T. Jones. Six Spring onions: 1, .1. Moore; 2 J. Cliffe: 3, J. Cliff e. Twelve bulbs shallots: 1 and 2, W. Duncalf ; 3, J. Moore. S:x leeks: 1 and 2, J. Green: 3, J Moore. One dish peas: I, T. Jones; 2, E. Heesom • 3, J. Moore. One dish broad beans: 1, J. Miller; 2, T. Rutter; 3, T. F. Moss. One dish French beans: 1, J. Moore; 2, T. Rutter; 3, T. Britland. One dish scarlet beins : 1, J. Green; 2, T. Grounds; :3, J. Done. Two sticks celery, white: 11, J. Moore: 2, J. Green; 3. F. Kipp. Two sticks celery, red or pink : I, F. Ripplx ; 2, J. ' Moore; 3. F. Rippax. One vegetable marrow-White: 1, T. F. Moss ; 2, H. Williams ;3, T. Grounds. One vegetable marrow-Green : 1, J. Done; 2, W. Duncalf. • W. Durralf. Two cabbage lettuce : 1, T. Jones ;2, T. Jones : 3,J. Green. Two cos lettuce: 1, J. Done ;2, T. Britland ; 3,J. Green. Six carrots : 1, T. Britland ; 2, J. Miller; 3, J. Moore. Six turnips : 1, I'.llritland ; 2. J. Done; 3, W. Duncalf. Six beetroots : 1, J. Moore; 2, Jas. Rippax ; 3,3. Cliffe. Six parsnips : 1, T. F. Moss ; 2, T. Britland ; 3. T. Grounds. Twelve sprays parsley : 1, J. Miller ' • 2, T. Grounds 3, J. Green. Six tomatoes: 1, end 3, J. Cliffe 2, Jas. Kippax ; Collection of vegetables 1, J. Moore; 2, J. Dane ; 3, J. Green, FRUIT. _ _

One Dish Apples—Cooking: I,T. Grounds ; 2, J. W. Wright;3, J. Done. One dish apples—dessert: 1, and 3 P. Cliffe ; 2J. Green. One dish pears : 1, Jno Kippax ; 2. J. Miller; 3, T. F. Moss. One dish goose- berries : 1, J.Moore ; 2, W. Dunealf ; 3, T. Rutter. One dish currants—red : 1, J. Taylor ; 2. T. Rutter. One dish currants—black : I, and 2, J. Done ; 3, W. Ball. One dish plums : 1, T. Rutter ; 2, James Kippax. ; 3, E. Heesom._

. . MISCELtANFOS CLASSES. Basket of wild flowers arranged at the show by child- ren between the ages 12 and 15 : 1, J. Duncalf ;2, J. Kippax ; 3, M. Partington. Children under 12. 1, A. Partington ;2 F. Maddock ;3, F. Britland ;4, P. Duncalf; 5, F. Cliffe. Special prizes given by Lady Greenall, for the prettiest floral decoration for the dinner table. Lady competitors only: 1. Miss M. H. Karp ; 2, Miss Woods ;3, Miss E. M. Hatton. Fonr 1-lb. pots honey :1, J. Ward ; 2, F. Hatton : 3, C. Ellison. Three sections comb honey : 1, T. Percival ; 2, F. Hatton. Six brown hen eggs : 1, J. Dobson ; 2, R. Billington ; 3, G. F. Baxter. Six white hen eggs : 1, W. Blackshaw ; 2,F. Tinsley and Exors J. Blackshaw; 3, R. Billington. _ _ _

FARMERS ONLY. Potatoes-3 varieties: 1, T. Warburton ; 2, R. L. Warburton ;3. R. Billington. Three swede turnips : 1, R. L. Warburton; 2, Mrs. Clare ; 3, T. Ditchfield. 7 hree common turnips: 1, T. Warburton; 2.J. Dobson. Two ox cabbage: 1, J. Robinson ; 2, G. Dean. Three man- golds—red : 1, T. Warburton ;2, R. Billington ;3, W. Fowles. Three mangolds—yellow: 1, T. Warburton ; 2. R. Billington ; 3,. Ditchfield. Twenty-four ears wheat : I, Mrs. Clare; 2, W. Fowles; 3, P. Leather. Twenty-four ears oats—white : 1, J. Hewitt ; 2, G. Dean ;3, J. Hopley. Twenty-four ears oats—black : 1 And 2, T. Percival. Batter—four half-pounds : I. J. Derbyshire ; 2. J. Hopley ; 3, G. Blackshaw. Three yellow mangolds : 1, T. Warburton •; 2, R.L. Warburton. Three swede turnips : 1, R. L. Warburton; 2,T. Warburton. Three swede turnips : 1, R. Billingtou ; 2. Exors J. Blackshaw. Three yellow globe mangolds : 1, 'l'. NVarburton; 2. W. Fowles. Three swede turnips : I,T. Warburton ; 2, R. L. Warburton. Six yellow globe mangolds : 1, T. Wright; 2. R. Billington. Six purple or green-top swedes : 1, J.K. Priestlier; 2, H. Brockle- hursL

===== 0002601_19050812_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
NATION GROWING SOBER.

Interesting Facts From an Official Report.

The 48th report of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the year ended March 31, 1905, issuad on Wednesday, is a highly interesting document. The report shows in particulars that the nation is becoming more sober every year. The beer tas, it is shown, yielded £13,101,459, and the spirit duty £18,135,931. Both duties give decreases as compared with the previous year, the former of £359,822, and the latter of £531,887. Statistical proof is afforded of the fact that Scotland is not a beer drinkinr, nation, for it only contributed £618,735 to the total of the duty on that product sa compared with £11,214,126 from England. Ireland gives double the amount of Scotland. England paid duty on 29,385,208 barrels, Scotland on 1,813,109 barrels, and Ireland on 3,205,970. The following table for the past six years, giving the estimated consumption of beer per head of the popnln- lation in the United Kingdom, shows that beer is losing its popularity : Gallons per Person. 1899-1900 1900-1901 1901-1902 1902-1903 1903-1901 1901-1005

===== 0002601_19050812_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
A 11)1) 1') TB

The tickle nature of the climate of this country often gives rise to a variety of ailments and complaints, which assuming at first the form of only a slight indisposition, if neglected and unheeded may become the germ of serious diseases, which will undermine the constitution, and finally result in a long and lingering illness, and perhaps terminate fatally. The variable temperature and the changeable weather of the last month or so, makes it incumbent on all of us to exercise wise and prudent precautions to counteract the evil effects which the weather may have had upon our health and comfort. Already we frequently hear such complaints as "No appetite," "These frequent headaches,' "This langnid feeling," and dozens of other expressions which all point to the urgent need of a good Tonic. Now there are several tonic mixtures offered to the Public, but none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. This Preparation is acknowledged to be The Best Remedy of The Age for Nervousness, Weakness. Chest Affections, Palpitation of the Heart, Indigestion, Liver Complaint, and Influenza. The numerous cases of marvellous cures effected, and the restoration to perfect health, of those who bad long suffered and had vainly tried other remedies' can be accounted for by simoly stating the effect which Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has upon the System. Ist. It strikes at the source of the disease, and by removing the causes of disease, the evil effects soon vanish. 2nd. It strengthens that part of the system which is weakest, and therefore, most liable to the attacks of colds and all diseases. 3rd. It purifies the blood, and thus gives new life and force to all parts of the body, for disease cannot exist where there is a free circulation of pure blood- 4th. It gives healthy action to the digestive organs and to the liver, thus aiding to keep away Indigestion and the host of different forms of disease which re- ult from it, sth. By removing impurities, strengthening the weak parts of the system, and purifying the blood,the human frame is well fortified to withstand the attacks of disease. It is repelled, and its place taken by health and strength, through the effective action of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. Sold everywhere in bottles 2.5. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, or will be sent carriage free for these prices, direct from the Sole Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Com- pany, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. Beware of Imitations. See that you get the genuine Preparation with the name,' Gwilym Evans" on Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which noae is genuine.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

THEFT FROM THE WORK FIOCSE. At Warrington/ on Monday, Thomas Harp, last from ' the workhouse, was sent to gaol for one month with hard labour for absconding on July 19th from the work- house with the Union clothing. It was stated by the porter that a coat and vest belonging to the Union, which the prisoner was wearing when he absconded were found in an outbuilding in Bostock-street.

_ STREET BETTING AT WA REINGTON'.--I‘IAXIM Ulf

PENALTY INFLICTED.

M the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday, Henry Lockett, 26 Winwick-road, was charged with frequenting and using Stamford-street for the purpose of bettinv..— Defendant pleaded gnilty.—Superintendent Monaghan stated that on the 19th July Detective Clough and Meacock we- e instructed to watch the defendant. They did so from 1.10 p.m. until 1.45 p.m., and during that time saw him take slips and money from 59 men and four boys. Defendant made entries in a book. He had as many as eight persons round him at one time, and during the period in which he was under observation he was visited by over 100 people. Defendant had been betting in that part of the town for some considerable time and had been once driven out of the neighbourhood by the police. He asked the magistrates to deal severely with him and so get him out of the neighbourhood.— Defendant, who had nothing to say, was fined £5 and costs, the maximum penalty.

PROSECUTIONS OF POACHERS. At the Daresbury Petty Sessions, on Tuesday, before Mr. Nield (in the chair), Colonel Ridgway and Mr. Monks. Charles Packer and Henry Ellison were sum- moned for having been found in possession of certain implements and nets used for the purpose or taking game at Hay-lane, Walton Inferior, on the 23rd July.— P. C. Preston stated that on the day in question he was in the company of Constables Stewart and Edwards of the Warrington police force, when ha saw the defend- ants in Hay-lane. He stopped and examined them, and found two nets, two bludgeons, 14 pegs, and one bag in their possession.—The defendants assured him that the bludgeons were used for the purpose of getting over- hedges and ditches. (Laughter)—Superintendent Ennio° ; They Vo oilld do for something else ifthere was only one policeman.—Ellison : I think we are too old for this game now,l think w. shall have to chuck it.(Latighter). They are too smart for us.—Ellison was fined 15s. and costs and Packer 10s. and costs. —.lames Davidson was charged with a similar offence at Walton on the 23rd July. Ihe case was proved by Sergeant Railow.— Defendant said he was sorry he had committed the offence, but if he had not been in drink be would not have been there. A fine of 20s. and costs was inflicted, Richard Hughes, who failed to appear, was similarly charged and was fined 408. and costs. the Chairman re- marking that he had a bad record.—lt was decided that all the poaching apparatus be handed over to the police to be destroyed.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Pollee Court.

Minor Cases.

MoNDA Y.—Before Dr. Fox (presiding), Messrs, WI Richardson, H. Thornton, and C. Jackson Holmes. Ttre,Fr OF SWEETS.—Three boys. Charles William Dawhorn, 60, Haydock-street ; Martin Broderick, 10, Erwood-street ; and William Cunningham, 29, James- street, were charged with stealing from the shop of James Riley, 23, Orford-lane, between August 7th and fith, a quantity of sweets, valve s.—Superintendent Monaghan said that the prosecutor saw the shop locked up at eleven o'clock on Monday night. There was a pane of glass broken in the window, but another pane had been temporarily placed behind to cover the hole. Shortly after five o'clock that morning, Sergeant Smith, in company with another o;licer, was in Horsernarket- street ; they saw the prisoners, who turned up Queen- ' street. The eldest boy was caught, and be made a state- ment, which led to the arrest of the other two boys, and sweets were found in their possession. Sweets were also fonnd on the footpath outside the prosecutor's shop.—Dawborn, who had been brought up last year for sleeping out, was sent to prison for 21 days in the second division, and the other two boys were ordered to receive twelve strokes each and be kept at the Police Station until six o'clock.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
NURSE JEALOUS.

opinion or street, Houghton-le-Spring, Durham, regarding the curative properties of Zam-Buk, should carry great weight with our readers. She writes can truly say that Zam-Buk is the best balm I have ever used. It was whilst attending a case of eczema that I first used Zam-Buk. My patient had for years suffered agony with this disease, and the relief after using Zam-Buk was so great that I annot help writing to thank you. I always use it now instead of ordinary ointment, and shall always carry some in ray bag." Zam-Buk is for sores of all sorts; Is. lA., or 2s. M. per box, of all chemists or the Zam-Buk Co., Red Cross-street, E.C.

--- . 4,- ,7 ." '4' _4O ri;,, ii.;,. ,p* '' • . .7, ~ f,i 1/11 f' ; .4e' ' - •( 1441.1'. .. ' ~,._..,' 1-- / i / _., . ______ ___________4...*:,,t,___=::_s4'_ .-....--.41.:.-__ „.. sio,._'?"' --- t ~..; , „:(4, _____,„,;:::--- ' 441 W %i,t,.4 -„,-":--V•_.-;--,,,,-----7-_--...A. ___„,,, • %:',,,;. --'",:-..--t .----:.:. ,----____ •,. , =--------------- ' --.-----1 ' p......._ ----__ -----.7-7.--:=. .4. ...=.. ,- - r--- ...--------... -.---,...... ..- .....% -.....,%. 1 •-•••%... k .s„ ..:-- - • • './/'-' •f. •A' / -..-......• *- - The opinion If Nurse A. A. Jealous, of 18, jronsicle- _ .

===== 0002601_19050812_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WIZARD'S GLASS.

(Conrtglit.)

BY AMY MILLER,

Author of "The Silver Veil: A Mystery,• "Love Knots and Fetters," "The Slave of the Lamp," &c.

Graeme Castle rose, frowning and dark, amidst the surmunding woods, more like a prison in aspect than a home, at all seasons. Especially grim and sorrowful it appeared on an evening late in the year when the wind wailed amidst the leaf- less branches of the trees, and the leaves lay under- "foot, sodden and decayilv. Roland Murray paced the winding paths restlessly. .The desolation of the scene and the melancholy of the hour were to him only emblems of all his life to come. The exquisite promise of the spring, the brief gladness of the summer were swept away, and winter was upon him. The sun, he thought, would shine for him no more. Only the memory of its light remained, sad and pale, as the fitful moonbeams that shone at intervals from the cloudy sky. Be was not yet twenty-five, and he believed that this night would give him the last few moments of happiness t\at he would ever know in this world. Anxiously his eyes turned towards the grey old castle. Now all was dark, and now the pallid moon chewed him the ivied tower, the long terrace, and the gateway—nothing more, till he became sick with hope deferred. The clouds grew heavier; the moon remained hidden. He only listened then, and the sound he waited for came not.

"Is it possible she will fail me after all ?" he cried, bitterly. "Oh, it was too much to hope that she, the worst injured, would trust in my innocence, when so many call me guilty." A sudden stream of silver light, a rustle of footsteps on the fallen leaves. With a faint cry that was almost a sob, he sprang to meet the figure that hurried towards him—a girl's figure, graceful and slender, that he clasped in a passionate embrace. The sweet face was raised to his, the soft arms clung about his neck, the lips gave him back his kisses as never till this hour of sorrow. When last they had met alone she had been a light-hearted girl, coy and shy. To-night she was a woman, who could remember nothing but that they loved each other, and that this was their farewell.

"Roland, 'have yon waited for me long? Dearest, I dared not let them suspect. They would have prevented our meeting." "Oh,__Lilias, my darling, I was selfish to ask for this. Yet I could not go away. I could not leave you for ever without taking with me the memory of your voice, telling me that you believe me guiltless." would not believe you guilty if all the world said so. I know you are innocent. I know the truth will one day come to light," the girl answered, steadily. "Pray Heaven it may. But, even so, that day may be far distant, and, oh, my only love, there is one thing I must say to you." "Not yet—not yet," she interrupted. "You are going away, Roland; driven into exile, by unjust suspicion. . _ _

"‘I can bear it no longer. It would be braver to stay, I know, but when, in every face I recognise, I see, even where it is thought concealed, the horror felt for a man whose hands are stained with blood —when my former friends have grown cold, and even strangers seem to regard me with suspicion— ah I how can I go on with such a life?" "But you are innocent, Roland—the law declares you so. _

"The law cannot, prove me guilty, and so I am free ; but the world believes me guilty. There is only one way to endure my fate. In a strange land, myself a stranger, bearing another name than my own, I may forget--" he paused, and added, with a sad emphasis, "and be forgotten." Those words fell on the ears of Lilies sorrow- fully as a knell. "No, no!" she cried, and clung closer to him: "Roland, Roland," she whispered, "you are going into exile. Take me with you! Let us wait, together, for happier days." He did not answer for some moments, but she felt the heaving of his breast, and a tear -fell on her upturned face. "Hush!" be murmured at last. iLilias, you must try to forget me!" "Oh," she sighed, "you cannot love me, or you would not ask it! What is left to me but p-i? I have lost my brother, I have lost the home that I loved now that strangers share it with me. You are my only hope. You alone can comfort me. And you ask me to forget you?" "Because I love you. Let me not feel, Lint's, that I have made all your future desolate. If any suffering of mine, if the sacrifice of life itself, could blot the past from your memory, you should remember nothing. You are too dear to me to share my tarnished name. Think of me, when you must, as of one whom you will never see again. To-night, though I shall live, Roland Murray dies —Roland Murray, who loved you, and died happy because you trusted him!" Lilias uttered a low cry of anguish. He kissed her solemnly, as he might have kissed the dead. All her pleading could not weaken his resolution. The truth was revealed to her. It was for her sake that he was going away. So at last they parted. She went back to the dark, fortress-like building, which once had never seemed gloomy, whose ancient walls had echoed to her girlish laughter. He went slowly away, through the dark woods, each step taking bun further from her, each turn of the path recalling some memory; for here was the scene of his life- drama.

The glade, where in the summer time the flowers bloomed and the brook sang gaily as it rippled over the stones, had been the lovers' favourite trysting-place. The avenue beyond was where he and Oswald Graeme, her brother, had met and quarrelled bitterly. As Roland 'went on he lived that brief, but fateful interview over again, till a more terrible recollection took its place. He' had reached the very spot where weeks before he had found Oswald lying dead. Oswald, from whom he had parted in auger. The gun with which he had been shot lay near ; Roland had it in his hand when Cyprian Talbot and others of the shooting party found him. He had been accused of the murder. The jury had decided in his favour, but the shadow of the crime hung over him yet. The true murderer of Oswald Graeme had escaped suspicion. Roland Murray, who had loved the sister of the dead man, and to whom the brother had refused her hand, WIAS the only person, said the world, who had a grudge against him, and Roland was known to be of an impulsive and passionate disposition. Certain threatening words of his had been overheard. had been found with the discharged gun in Ms hand, leaning over the murdered man. Perhaps the only one who did not regard him with doubt was Lilies.

More than two years had passed away, and the freshness and gladness of the spring made Paris, like all the rest of the world, newly gay and fair. In a luxuriously appointed room, bright with sunshine and dowers, a painter was at work at his easel. The room was not a stud,o, but part of a suite recently engaged by an English family. rhe girl whoss picture was growing under the artist's hand was rarely beautiful. Slender and tall, graceful and fair, she had been aptly named Lilies, and her poetic loveliness was worthy of portrayal by such a master as Gustave Lenoir. Paris, and the art world generally, raved of him and of his work. He was a man of thirty-five, of a most striking and picturesque presenee, and possessed of singular ch,rin and power. Though by birth a Frenchman. he had some Italian blood in his veins, and in Italy he had perfected his teemical skill and learnt many secrets of 1113 art. His pictures, marvels of form and colour as they were, yet owed their chiefest attracton to the weird fascination and subtle suggestiveness which he :rive to them. It is not every great painter who is, like Gustave Lenoir, a poet and a mystic as well. His portraiture was remarkable. He appeared able to penetrate the mask of cc4tom and reserve. "It is the soul he paints," a s ,aid of him, and the', though he did not alw.ys please, he invariably interested. Lilies Graeine, his present sitter, appealed no less to his artistic perception then to his heart and mind. The exquisite image iiron the canvas was a triumph. Yet it did rot seem to meet with the approval of a young man who entered quietly and stood regarding it front behind Lenoir. He was several years younger than the painter, and in all respects his contrast—fair, foppish, with shallow, shifty eyes, thin lips and narrow forehead, darkened just now by a frown. The painter, feeling his presence, turned a dark intellectual face towards him. "Miss Graetne's portrait is almost complete," he said, in perfect

U 0 I see. I should like it better had you painted her as yon did young Lady Vesey." Lenoir smiled. "One cannot paint one person like another, Mr. Talbot, or it would not be a portrait." "Lady Vesey looked the picture of happiness. My cousin looks —" Ile paused. An elderly lady, who had been sitting in the background, rose and joined the two men before the easel. "it's very pretty, very sweet," she declared. Lady Talbot applied the same adjectives to the masterpieces in the Louvre. "But a little odd. That strikes you at the first glance, Cyprian. I admit I thought so at first. Now I can see nothing I could wish changed." Lenoir listened impassively. Lilias rose to end the sitting and interrupt the discussion. Looking from her to her portrait., the genius of Lenoir was revealed, though in a manner, doubtless, scarcely pleasing to the feelings of a lover— especially such a lover as Cyprian Talbot. The haunting pathos of the violet eyes, the mingled wistfulness and patience that spoke in the pictured face, were in the otiginal for those who had eyes to see. Yet the living girl was only a young lady, beautifully dressed in modern but artistic fashion, surrounded by all that wealth can give, and too young, too carefully guarded, it might be supposed, to have any knowledge of sin and sorrow. -And the girl in the painting was a maiden-martyr of romance, looking, out from the shadows of grief and oppression, longing for the aid that does not come. "Waiting" would have been an appropriate title. Soon after Lenoir had taken his departure, Lady Talbot slipped away, leaving her son and Lilies alone. The girl-sat beside the window, looking listlessly out on the stream of carriages and pedestrians, seeing them not. Cyprian came to her side and took her hand. It was instantly withdrawn, and she flashed at him a look fell of reproach and resentment. "Cyprian," she said, "you make my life unbearable!" "Your own folly does that," he answered, savagely. "Are you going to waste all your days in sentimental regrets for a man who was never worthy of you? You profess to have loved your brother, yet lie was unwilling you should be that scoundrel's wife." "Roland's only crime was poverty," Ulf.. cried. "Dare to malign him to me!" "And you were rich even before he killed Oswald." She rose and would have left him, but he caught her slender wrist in a vice-like grasp and held her fast. "Let me go," she exclaimed, the colour rising to her cheek.

"Not till you have heard what I have to say. Then let everyone see what Lenoir has seen, if you like, but deny me any longer at your peril. I have been patient, but I will be patient no longer. Be my wife, Lilias, or "—he bent forward hissing in her ear words that turned her cheeks to an ashen pallor. "No, no!" she moaned. "It is not true I" "I swear it 1" "Cyprian, have you no pity ? " "None, unless you consent to be my wife."

===== 0002601_19050812_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday August 12, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
111.

A few days later Gustave Lenoir came into his stddio with a look of • anxiety and sadness upon his face. The room was a long, irregular one, full of picturesque corNera and beautiful with art treasures. Lenoir went straight to a niche, hung with a curtain of old brocade. lie drew the i drapery aside, and disclosed a picture, set, as it were, in a shrine. A girl's face -looked down upon him from amidst a glory of white lilies. It was I Lilies Graeme's face; but not as he had portrayed it for guardian and lover to see. This was his ideal, his beloved, serene, and fair, and happy. "Oh, Pur-de-lis I" he murmured. "Is there no way in which I can save you ? Cyprian Talbot's wife ! The very thought is profamition. You are I not for me, I know. Y •Alr heart WWI given long ago. How comes it that Its Ittft won your promise —your unwilling promise taus save you from the fate you dread." He began to pace the room, deep in thought, and he was so preoccupied that he did not hear the opening door. A sudden exclamation caused him to look up. Before him stood a young man, dressed with that picturesque carelessness that some young artists affect. He was beariA and long-haired. His eyes were riveted on Lenoir's lily-maiden. "Roy," said Gustave, gently. "I did not hear you enter." "Lenoir, when did you paint that?" asked the. other, with emotion. "I completed it a few days ago." "A few days ago! Lenoir, for Heaven's sake, : how came you to knew Lilias Graeme ?" "Roy, you speak strangely. I am painting her portrait. Is it any wonder I should wish myself for the image of such a lovely face? You see it is not for all eyes." "Don't draw the curtain. Oh, it is her very self, my love, my darling I And you have seen her, spoken to her?" "What does this mean ? " asked Gustave. "We have been good comrades, Roy, and I have never tried to learn your secret. It is from no idle curiosity that I ask you now to tell me at least a , part of your history. It is for the sake of Lilias Graeme. "I could not serve her, surely, by losing my only ' friend ?" "You shall not lose him. Tell me, Roy, did she return your love ?" "Yes. She has the truest, tenderest heart that ever beat, and she gave it to me. Ah, Gustave, : to have won it, and to have lost it!" "Then I know 'your history," said Lenoir, calmly: "You call yourself Roderick Moore. You are Roland Murray, who was unjustly accused of the murder of Oswald Graeme." • "I must remain Roderick Moore. But, Gustave, , is site here, in Paris? If I could only see her for a few moments once again! If I could only look on her face, and hear her voice, and be myself unseen, for I would not trouble her peace." -"Roy, do you think women like her ever forget.? Trouble her peace! There is -none for her. She is most unhappy." "You torture me! And I can do nothing— nothing!" "Yes, you can tell me, down to the minutest detail, all the citeuinstancesiof Oswald arum's murder." Roland obeyed. Time had not obliterated one incident of that fateful period from his mind, it was a relief, after his long silence, to pour out, in the ears of the limn who had been his friend in adversity. all the haunting memories of the past. When he had learnt all, Gustave told Roland, as gently as was possible, of the engazement of Lilies to Cyprian. It came as a terrible blow to the unhapy young man. "I see it all," lie cried. "She has been goaded into this. She will not be of age until next year. Sir John Talbot is her guardian, and she an heiress. Between them all she has been made to yield. Gustave, she and I are parted for ever. All hope for me is over. I could be resigned if I saw a happy life before her. But Cyprian Talbot will never make her happy." "She has not been persuaded;" declared Gustave. "No guardian would succeed in forcing her into a marriage against her will." "It, can't be that she loves him." "No, she fears and dislikes hint. There is more here than you believe, Roy. He has won her promise by some font means." "This must not g 4.. on, cried Roland, distracted. " l'atience," said Lenoir. "Patience, when the woman I love is to be made wretched for life ?" "She shall not be. The marriage is not to take place for six months. In that time I will find means to prevent it." There was that in Lenoir's calm face that inspired belief in his declaration, in 'spite of its seeming impotence. Roland yielded, as he ever had, to the influence of his friend. New hopes inspiregi him. Several succeeding days were lived through in restlessness and anxiety, but not in the despair he would have felt had not Lenoir assured hiis all should yet be well. "Does not instinct tell you who has been here ?"

&mu liUlltarb one morning as ttoiana entered his studio. ,

"Not—surely not Lil ins " "Yes. She came with Talbot and his motlict. He is a devoted lover. It is unreasonable of her to 1.0 so unresponsive. He is getting a town house ready for his bride. It appears she dislikes a picture which hangs in the small drawing-room, so knowing she admires my work he has com- missioned me to paint one to take its place." "Lenoir, have you forgotten your promise ? " "You must trust me, Roy, and wait." He waited a fortnight longer, and then Lenoir came to the lodging of the artist, Roderick Moore. "Would you like to see Lilies?" he said. "lh, Gustave!" "You shall if you will obey my wishes. She is coming to-day to see the picture with Cyprian, and Sir John, and Lady Talbot. From the room adioinins the studio you can see her, yourself unseen, and judge if she is faithless. But yon must not betray your presence, or you will destroy my plan." "I will not, Lenoir. Only let Me see her." At the appointed time the visitors arrivee. Lilies was so fair, yet so wan and large-eyed, that the heart of the .iinseen srecia:or was rent,..with pain. But he kept word to Gustave: ' Not a movement, not a sigh was heard from behind the curtains thet separated the rooms. Out of the midst of anguish rose one supreme consolation. His love was true to him in soul, though she was Cyprian's bArotherl. Lenoir's picture was a large one. He had been working early and late. It, was his habit when a subject interested him. Onca he had begun it, he thought of nothing else tili it was complete. This was a singular, but most fascinating. creation. He had callid- it "The Wizard's Glass."

Between dark draperies a Mirror was revealed. Before it was grouped various symbolical figures, and beside it, one band drawing aside the drapery,' the other pointing, was an old man, with a long, flowing beard, and dressed in a loose robe. An limit-glass gave significance to his image. Colouring and grouping were masterly. As a work of art the picture exceeded in merit all Lenoir's previous work. "But what do they ree ?I" inquired Lady Talbot. "One would like to know. Why is the young man in velvet and jewels so pale ? witiy does that stern-faced man turn aside as if in fear? And yet the beautiful girl beside him gazes into the mirror eagerly, and the worn old man smiles, as if with pleasure. What do they see ? " "They could tell you, but I cannot," returned Lenoir.

... "It is beautiful—benutiful ! " said Lißas. A faint colour hal risen to her cheeks. The look she gave to Lenoir was like gratitude. It was arranged that the picture should at once be packed and sent on to London, whither the Talbots were soon to follow it. Lilias left the studio with a new light in her eyes. "What made her chance?" murmured Roland, coming from his hiding-place. "Gustave, for one moment she looked as she used in old days. Oh, she is true to me. How ,can I ever thank you for the solace you have given me ? " "By making her happy," returned grtstave. "Look at what brought the light to her eyes for your sake." Roland turned to the painting, which, until now, he had not been permitted to see. "Look closely," said Lenoir. "She read it in a moment." At first, Roland saw „only a group of people of various ages and tht ion s, picturesquely dressed. and a wizard, surrounded by the signs and instruments of his mysterious art. The depths of the mirror were dark. ,

......-. , 'What were the quaint letters bordering the lifted curtain? Roland deciphered what he had at first imagined to boa fanciful embroidery. "Tempts Omnia Retielat." The message was comforting, but to him hardly convincing. 'Time reveals Some things" too late, he thought. IV.

For three montha. The Wizard's Glass" remained in the packing-case in which it had been sent to London. For three months Roderick Moore, in his studio, and Gustave Lenoir in his, lived their accustomed life. For three months Lilies Graeme played her part in society with an itching heart, and passionate regrets and yearnings, that would not be stilled. _

Then the preparing of the town house for the reception of tho bride and bridegroom drew near completion, and "The Wizard's Glass " was set in the alcove in place of the hideous "Martyrdom of N.t. Catherine. -

"Well, do yon like it ?" said•Cyprii.n, standing before Lenoir's work with Lilia.s beside him.

"I like the picture," she answered, with a flash of animation through julr accustomed listlessness. "It is the only thin Li you have condescended to approve of," he retinfrild, resentfully. , " It's clever enough, I suppose; but .I don't admire it." "Shall I tell you why I like it. ?" She turned on him a glance almost defiant. "Have you read what is written over the mirror?

"Tempts amnia Revelat," she said, with meaning. He laughed cynically. "Does that cdmfort you? I wonder why ? What's the matter ?" "Look I" she whispered in agitation. "Look in the glass I Something glimmers there." He followed her gaze. Strangely enough, he per- ceived a change in the picture. In the depths of the mirror faint shadows had arisen, which yester- day had not been there.. "It is only the effect of a different light," he declared. "How fanciful you are." He drew her away, 'but later he returned and stood alone before "The Wizard's Glass," regard- ing it from all points. .Next day he returned. There could no longer be any doubt. The shadows had deepened, though they were still indefinite. Why this should cause him such serious uneasi- ness he. would not admit to himself. Ho tried, instead, to believe it a trick 'of his imagination. Yet day by day the something grew till his servants spoke of the strange picture, and wondered, though he kept. them away from it as much as possible. What was rising in the depths of "The Wizard's 'Glass " ? A haunting horror began to take possession of him. Like many irreligious men he was intensely superstitious. He closed the door of the small drawing-room at last, and kept the key himself, that visits of curiosity might not be paid in his absence. But he wai often at the honse that was getting ready for his bride, and he waylrawn, unwillingly, towards the picture. The vision in the glass had begun to look like a wood, with the clearoold blue of au autumnal sky above it. After he perceived this he stayed away. for two days, and when he next visited the house it was with a fixed intention. Ile would destroy that uncanny, ghastly picture at whatever cost.. He never sought a natural explanation of the mystery. He was in . a state of .intense 'mental excitement and incapable of reasoning. "In a week or two she will be mine." This was his dominating thought "What if I have won her because she believes lean hang Roland Murray if I choose ? She will still be mine." He entered the room where hung "The Wizard's Glass."

The liglit. fell full 'upon it, upon the figure of Time, the Revealer and Avenger, upon the vision disclosed by the lifted curtain. There was/the place where Oswald Graeme had been found in the woods near Graeme Castle. The figures were those of two men. it could Lot be Lenoir's work. He had never been in Scotland, .; never seen Oswald Graeme. Whose, ther, was it Cyprian rt coiled, shuddering. There in vivid shape and colouring before him was his own image, his own face, evil and relentless ; and there was OsNald staggering as he fell, sent, to his death by Cypsian, that Lilias might fall into the power of the man whore love she had rejected. With a cry he sprang towards the picture which day by day, in the shut-up room, had risen iron' the dimness of the painted mirror. He had a open knife in his hand, and drew it once across the canvas which had beyn made, as he believed, the means of a supernatural revelation. Then suddenly he fell to the floor, stricken helpless by his own dark passions,. His servants found • him lying as one dead, and looked in awe and terror from him to the terrible picture with that significant gash across it.

Gustave and Roland stood, with clasped hands, in the studio of the former. The confession of cyprian Talbot, followed by his death, had banished Roderick Moore for ever. The English newspaper containing as account of Cypruin's confession lay on a table near. But Gustave Lenoir was on the eve of departure from Paris, and the secret be had learnt in Italy, which had been the means of restoring happiness to the two people he loved best, was not likely to be told to all the world. Roland understood now why Lendir had asked for a sketch of the place in the wood, and for a portrait of Oswald; but the chemical process which had caused the picture to be invisible until after continued exposure to the light he did not know. He tried vainly to speak his gratitude. Lenoir gently checked him,

" LSO LO !ICI. One oas neea or you," was all his answer.

"She, too, will thank you, Gustave, one day." "Yes, yes. Some time, perhaps, we shall meet again." "Perhaps?" echoed Roland in sad wonder. "Who can tell? But go to her, Roland, go to your love, your wife, who waits for you in England." When they had parted—for a brief space, as Roland insisted, Gustave Lenoir came back into hi. studio. It was half-Xismantled. lie looked around it with a smile of tenderness and regret. Then he drew aside the curtains that yet hung before the portrait of Lilies. " Fleur de us! Fleur de us ! " he whispers d. "You will be happy. But, ah ! can he love you as I love you?" [TUE END.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL.

Shareholders' Half-Yearly Mating.

A SATISFACTORY SIX MONTHS.

The half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Ship Canal Company was held on Thursday. Mr J.K.Bythel chairman of the company, presided over a small attendance.

in moving the adoption of the report and balance sheet, the Chairman said in the Ship Canal they had an increase of 119,000 tons in the weight of sett borne merchandise and £10,197 in the receipts as compared with the first half of last year, this was the more encouraging because the half-year did no tbegin well. The January and February receipts Jell off Ito the extent of £3,380, hut after that the trade turned, the deficit was rubbed off, and the present position was reached. The ii.crease in expendi- ture was £2,094, but as £l,BBO consisted of rents, rates, and taxes, almost entirely owing to the new large storage warehouse in Trafford Park-road having come into use, the expenditure on balance showed very little increase. The Bridgewater Canal traffic and receipts were favourably affected by the renewed activity in the cotton trade, and the net revenue was £14,700, against £11,688, an increase of £3,012.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW DEBE..NTME STOCK.

The total profit was then—£l-02,996,7inci they had a balance of £102,908 available for distribution. They had issued £200,000 of the £500,000 3i per cent perpetual debenture stock, the issue of which was authorised in My, at the price of 92i per cent, so that the interest worked out at 3.79 per cent. They would have no fuither issue of this stock until the spring of next year, for although they were engaged in deepening the anal and had other works in progress, the money they had in hand would be sufficient until that time. A large land receipt of £16,715 was largely owing to a company previously renting land having exercised their option of pmcbase.

THE NEW DOCK AND PRESENT PROSPECTS. Nine fully-laden ships had already gone into the new dock, and be thought the successful opening ceremony might be taken as a happy omen. Manchester, he thought, was now recognized as having established one of the leading ports, which was bound to hold its own in face of competition and continue to .progre-s. The policy of providing increased accommodation and equipment had been justified by the result, and he was perfectly certain it would be justified in the future.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE_ COTTON TRADE.

So far this season 720,000 bales of cotton had been shipped from America and Eyypt to Manchester. During the same period of last season they had 511,000, and in the season before that (which was the best so far) they had 623,000. In the banana trade, and in other direc- tions also, there had been very satisfactory developments during the half-year, and they felt satisfied that steady progress would continue to be made. Alderman Southern, in seconding the motion, said the half-year had been by no means one to discourage those whose hope of the undertaking had been sustained so long. In reply to a shareholder, the Chairman said had the Company been able to command to-day the rates which were anticipated when powers were first sought, the shareholdeis would now have been receiking a dMdend. It was not supposed that other ports would retinae their rates as they had done. ebOlUtioll was passed.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

MULBERRY TREF: HOTEL TO BE RE-HUILT.,-At the Daresbury Petty Sessions, on Tuesday, Mr. Arthur -Browne on behalf of-Messrs; Greene!, Whitley "and Company applied for permission to re-build the Mulberry nee Hotel, Stockton Heath. The idea of the firm at first was to make certain alterations, but it was found almost impossible to carry out alterations that would be of any value, and they therefore applied to the Bench for the premises to be re-built. The corner would be rounded off by Victoria-square—a dangerous corner— and 3ft. 4in. of land would be given to the District.- Council. It was proposed to build a house which would hen credit to the neighbourhood, and which would suit tbe convenience of all parties. There would be a smoke- , room, a newsroom and a tearoom, the latter being very much used at present. Mr. Monks remarked the 1001119 were very small, the smokeroom particularly.—Mr. Segar Owen, architect, said the 'rooms had been care- fully considered, They were regarded as large enough. Mr. Monks: Could not the smokeroom be enlarged ? Mr. Owen: The enlargement could take place if you wish it. There would be no difficulty in adding 2rt. or 31t, to each room. Mr. Nooks : It would make the premises very much better. It in likely to be a very good house and you should not crowd people. On condition that the rooms were enlarged to theisstisfac- tion of the Bench it was decided to agree to the re- building of the house.

The body of Miss Annie Tunnicliffe, of Hanley, who was missed from her home on Monday morning when she should have been married, was found on Wednesday afternoon in the canal at :',lilton, just outside Handley, at a spot known as Prime's Hole. This is the spot where two lovers were recently found drowned alter going for a walk on a dark night. ' . One day last week the young son of a Brixton resident purchased a jackdaw. On Morday the mother of the lad missed a valuable diamond and sapphire ring, and had hi.l printed edeting £lO reward for its recovery. On Wednesday a servant noticed the bird attempting to turn up the corner of a small skin rug, and under it she found the missing ring.

I have received many interesting letteis this week from my nephews and nieces. Those among you who have not been successful, flaust r.ot mind, but try again, as there will be plenty more prizes offered. I have sent a prize volume this.week to Miss Nellie Franey, who has sent me a. very interesting- letter and answers to puzzles; although these are not quite correct, they are the nearest. I have also had nice letters from W. J. Bayliss, Erne q Doney, Dora Kitchen, and. Ivy Nichols. I must congratulate the latter upon her success at the examinations. lam very surprised that no one has sent a correct answer to "Rathet Contradictory," which appeared in this paper about two weeks ag). I cannot award a prize, but will reserve it for another competition. The correct answer you will find below. The list of members is irpidly increasing, and the 100th member is Harold klatch, to whom I have sent' a very nice boo-k; the next will be sent to the 150th boy or girl that joins the Children's Corner. I will give a prize to the one sending in the best solutions to the puzzles which you will find below. Send in your answers as soon as possible, as the first correct one gets the prize. With best wishes to you all, from

UNCLE NED.

Since writing the above letter, I have re- ceived a correct solution to "Rather Contra- dictory." The prize has been sent to Mies Dorothy M. Starke.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
MY

...---,+-

Au "Ironclad" Keyless Lever Black Watch, marvellous timekeeper, dust-proof, highest perfection, supplied by Messrs. R. L. Christie, Edinburgh. Value, one guinea:

An from flying out to the flowers near by. The children stood looking at their new pets, And suddenly they noticed a very strange thing —a number of moths' wings, like the wine of the newcomers in the box, lay scattered about. They counted six on the bench and ten on the ground. How did the .wings come there? The new moths were quite perfect, every one having its two pains of wings. 07" - .17— bodies to be seen, only

.intside there were no wings, wings, wings I What had happened? "Chirrup! chirrup!" said a saucy-looking robin cin- a \ neighbouring tree. Another of the brown, moths flew past, almost brushing Peter's nose. The new-corner flew to the box, settled on the muslin, and seemed to be saying good-morn- ing to the prisoners. Peter and Phccbe stood still, wet:thing. Whir-r-r-z! Down came Mr. Robin. In a second he had snatched up'the kind moth in the middle of the call, gobbled up the body, and left one more pair of brown wings to explain how all the other brown wings came there.' Peter and Phcebe told the robin how naughty he was, but he only looked saucier than ever. The children let the new moths fly away, and tucked in around their looking-glass the wings of the loving and unfortunate callers. IN THE HAY-LOFT. Up in the hayloft—kitten and It With a window open to the sky, Curtained with boughs of the chestnut trees That toss and sway in the cool west breeze. The dome of the sky with a cloud is lined, And the rain comes down when it has a mind, Pelting the leaves of the chestnut tree: Never the rain can touch kitten and me. Up in the hay-loft—kitten and I! The hay behind us is mountain high; The teanas across are dusty enough; Darkness broods in the peak of the roof.

lii peazly lines the daylight falls Through the chinks of the boarded walls; . .The air is fragrant- with clover dried, Brake and •daisies and things beside. Queer little spiders drop down from on high; Scftly we welcome them—kitten and I! wallows chirp in a lazy strain - Between the showers of the summer rain. Let the rain conic down from the clouded sky; Were quic.t and cosy—kitten and I! We Mll4 3 and purr and think out a rhyme, And never know what has become of time. reople down there in the world below, They toil and moil and get oinner and sew; Up in the hay we lazily -lie; We have no troubles—kitten and. I! Kitten purrs and stretches and winks, bhe doe.sift spytk, but I krow what she thinks:

Never a king had a throne so high, Never a bird had a cosier nest; 'I here is much that is good, but we have the best— Kitten,' kitten and II " BOUND " IS RIGHT.

• The strange word with its contradictmy meanings is "bound." The boy was "bound' to go swimming, bat had he been "bound " he could not have gone. he held a book which was handsomely "bound." The school- girl could • "bound" every hedge in Derby- shire.

___+__ PUZZLES FOR PLAYTIME. Numerical Charade.

My 7,1, 9,5, is a lady. My 5,9, 2,8, is a. girl's name. My-3, 4,5, 5,1, 5, is a rivulet. My 7,6, 5,8, 2, is a vision. My whole is a well.known port of Holland. Square Words. The god of war. A medicinal plant. A girl's name. An animal. Riddle-me-ree. My first is in ROSE, but not in THORN. My second is in NIGHT, but not in MORN. My third is in ORANGE, but not in PEAR. My fourth is in WOLF, but not in BEAR. My fifth is in DAY, but not in NIGHT. My sixth is in WRONG, also in MGM'. My seventh in in ROBE, also in DRESS. My eighth isin FOLLY, but not in JESS. My while is a beautiful ficwer. Double Acrostic.

(Finals,' as well as initials, form a word. linals give a certaid gum tree; initials, a shrub). A mineral. A specie of confectionery. A boy's name. A vegetable. An eelozne. A girl's name.

•FOR AN INWARD LAUGH. A visitor in the country seeing a very old peasant woman dozing at her cottage door, asks a little boy of six or seven, who happens to be playing near by, how old she is. "I can't say, sir," replies the child, politely; "but she must be very old. She has been here ever Since I can remember."

I

"I've a great story to tell you, boys," eald man'to a group in the corridor of an hotel. "I don't„thi.nk any of you ever heard me tell it • before." , "Is it really a good story'?" asked one of the party, doubtingly. • "It certainly is." • " Then you have never told it before." .;

'

.. ; , , ; 1 , , 1 1 - ! 4 , , '

1 , , , , , , . 1 'n i. : , , ,i, I. : , , , , , ,

A

===== 0002601_19050812_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
ALSO 50 PRIZE VOLUMES

will be given to the boys and girie under 16 who secure the largest number of members for the "Children's Corner League" before August 31st, 1905. Forms for securing members will be sent to any reader forwarding stamped envelope to "Uncle Ned." Write for the form to-day, and get all your friends to join. There is nothing to pay, but splenuid prizes to be gained.

LIST OF NEW MEMBERS. 98 John Cameron. 99 Harold isheiwood. 100 Harold Hatch. 101 Edgar Barneq. 102 Ernest Hoyle. 103 Joseph Richardson. 104 Ernest Barnes. 105 James Rushton. 106 John William Layton.

107 John Arthur Church. 108 Samuel Roundell. 109 Tom Arthur Russell. 110 James Henry Doney. 111 Ida Doney. 112 Edith Smith. 113 Walton Tomlinson. 114 Joe Greenwood. 115 Ernest Haworth. 116 Ethel Schofield. 117 Teddy Kilingback. 118 Harold Rawstron. 119 Arnold Bolton. 120 James Standard. 121 Joseph Eastwood. 122 Willie Lindsay. 123 Ada Rushton. 124 T. H. Haworth. 125 Nancy Jenkinson. 126 Isabella Isherwood. 127 Edward Gardner. 128 James Butterworth. 129 Charlie Hatch. 130 Annie Barnes. 131 Fred Smith. 132 Allan Barnes, 133 John Ramsbottom. HOW DID THEY COME THERE?

The Maudy family always keep a box full of caterpillars and worms. Isn't that funny? But, you know, these creatures turn into queer things called cocoons. In this form they live for many days until their little houses open and they come out butterflies or mottle. This year the Maudy family expected moths of the kind called Polyphemus. One morning Peter and Phcebe Mandy went out to the box, which they kept in the garden, and in it they found four of the beautiful brovOnish moths just out of their cocoons. There they were, fluttering their wings for joy because they felt the warm sun- shine for the first time, and troubled only be- cause the thin muslin over the top of the box

c-,•.:$1•$1. - , i' •,' '.104`,. ;' le) :7' ..,S ... ~ :.:Afx, ,;,' '• • ,e= • . •- .: ~.fr,T‘'e " An excellent Food. admirably adapted to the wants of infanta and younf persons " •„' ..- —SIR CHARLES A. CAMERON, (....8.. A 1.1) , .".. , Professor of Chetmstry, P.C.5.1., Medical 1 - Officer of Health for Dublin, ._ .0. FORVEYORS BY SPECIAL. APPOINTMENT .i. .4. TO N. i.M. THE ENPNESS OF HISSIA. ' 4.' ' itolsoi";54111. ' ' •P"" Ober :, • .e.,ik .... ~,,g, 4,,, le il.t..T.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
MORNING COMPLIMENTS. '44 light little zephyr came flitting,

Just breaking he morning repose. The rose made a bow to the thy, The lily .she bowed to the rote. And then, in a soft bah, whisper, As faint as a p(rfume that blows: "You are brighter than I," said the lily; You are fairer than I," said the rose.

Two young men out riding were passing a farmhouse where a famer was trying to harness an obstinate horse. " Won't he draw?" said one of the men. "Of course," said the farmer, " he'll draw the attention of every fool that passes this way." The young men drove on.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 12, 1905. 4)UR LOCAL CHURCHES.

same state of life! It is as near paradise HA anything 011 earth can be imagined ! When I i•lepped from the train at midnight I seemed to he entering a new world, and I am perfectly satisfied with it."

EALL RIGHTS RESEAVWD. _I.

the ears of the authorities, and the man himself would probably have claimed his luggage. Remembering, however, the exceed ing ugh I noes of Mr. Justican's portmanteau, it occurred to me as possible that the thing had been planned from the beginning, and that Mr. Edmund Justieati was a man who wished, for some reason or otter, to evade inquiry and to lose his own identity. This seemed all the more probable when I ascer- tained that both hat-box and portmanteau were almost empty, and contained nettling at all of value. I made up my mind at last that I should never know the sequel of the stranger's story, and that his disappearance was one of the mysteries of life which were never explained. , But one small incident led me to conclude that I had chosen the Mont Canis route from Turin he was not quite forgotten. to Faris, end eongratuliated myself opou laying 1 travelled, the year after Justican's disap- found a travelling companion who seemed con- pearauce, into Scotland, and found myself one genial. I did not know his name, but, curiously Sunday in the parish church of a bleak hamlet enough, I had come across him two or three near Aberdeen. I soon noticed that the attention times in the course of my travels in Italy : once of the peasant congregation was largely fixed in Venice, twice in Florence, and in a little upon two persons who occupied the hest pew hi village On the Italian Riviera, where we had the Church ; a hard-faced old Scotsman, and a lunched together on mu:arena and rixotto, will' a woman of about forty years of age in deep bottle of rough, red Italian wine between. no. I mourning—l almost took her for a widow. Dur. greeted him therefore, alinoet like an old friend, ing the sermon she raised her thick crape veil and and bestowed myself and my belongings in the looked steadily at a tablet let into the wall. her compartment where I saw that he had already face was white, stern, rigid; and yet it bore the established himself, trace of an ineradicable grief. . For our other companions, we had a French The tablet, which I examined after service, Abbe and a little meagre-looking English lady, bore these words, "In memory of Edmund Jus- travelling alone ; and we four and our luggage tican, mysteriously lost from a train in the South filled up the carriage so completely that we did of France, and supposed to have died, May 25th, our best to keep out any other travellers. In 1880." It was the date ot my journey front Turin fact, I had quite an altercation with one of time with the missing man ! " Deeply lamented," blue-coated offionals,who objected to the size of my the tablet went on to say. portmanteau; and a good deal of argument eon- I made enquiries for the lady and her corns , cerning our luggege followed, which perhaps Minion (her father, I believe), but found that ' made me take more than usual notice of my they had driven away from the church in a hired ' friend's belongings. He, too, had a portman- wagouette, and were not known in the neigh- teitu, but it was a small one : a hat-box and a bourhood. "The Justican family lived here Gladstone-bag, upon which, I noticed, he kept twenty or thirty years ago,'' I was informed, his eye a good deal, formed the rest of his " and I suppose that this Edmund mentioned on impedimenta—certainly not very formidable either the tablet was one of them." But no further in- fer size or weight. formation came my way. I had occasion to lift his portmanteau out of ' When I was next in the South of France, some may way, and was momentarily amazed to find it three years later, I had almost forgotten the . oc- as light as though it contained nothing at all, surrence, and T. was only reminded of it by means but the look of annoyance which crossed my of the evil chance which caused me to miss a friend's face, caused me to put it down with a train, and have to wait for a few hours at Caloz. word of apology : not, however. before I had Well as this place is known by name, I don't read the name ... presumably of the owner. ... think that it has many English visitors, and as I upon the label. had some hours to wait I strolled through the ' It was addressed : " Ednuind Juslican, Esq. village, admiring the quaint green pottery, which The Albany, London," from which I conjectured I saw in the little shops, and wondering whether that Mr. Justican was a bachelor. I had time to attain the heights on which the I II called him my friend, but of course a knew great Chateau was built, or to explore the re- A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, Mr. J. Billing° ceases of its park. As I strolled past the house absolutely nothing about him, except that he There were also presiding :—Mrs. Clay,alrs. seemed to have leisure, and a fair amount of and up one of the green lanes, which were B"g' } Wilkinson, Miss Broadbent, Rev. Dr. Mercer, l presiding. money at his disposal. He was a shy and silent geetive of England, rather than of Southern i e Dr. Murray, Messrs. W. Hickman (vice-chairman) man, with refined and scholarly tastes : I had France, I came across a pretty little scne of do- !A. J. Jolley, R. Forshaw, G. Mather, M. %V. Seton, A. found this out in the course of my short con- mesh.: felicity. There was a tiny red house ' Brooks, R. Bolton, W. Houghton, T. H. Ashcroft. J. C. versations with him ; but he seemed oppressed built in Fremili fashion, with its back to the ' Sutton (clerk), .I.F. An bery (master), and A. Wright by a kind of melancholy, as though somethieg Vi-( w, surrounded by a garden full of rte.cs end (superintendent of Padgate schools lay heavily upon his mind. This vague sadness oilier sweet smelling flowers, with a Plot of !mete( PADGATE CHILDREN'S VISITS TO THE WORKHOUSE. timid a little enclosure of laud, evidently I The Schools .Committee recommended that the Lad deepened since I last saw him into an expres- behind. • practice well tilled. Everything about the place breathed sion of positive trouble: if I had known him a e of sending the children in a body to visit periodically be discontinued trifle better I should have asked him, point blank, of humble prosperity. There were great bee- relatives in the Workhouse pen. . The minutes were approved. what ailed him, and whether I could be of any hives in a corner of the garden, and IL dove-cote on the side of the wall ; and in the porch sat a PROPOSED RESIDENT MEDICAL OFFICER. assistance. More than ouce, in fact, as we con- tinned our long journey, I wondered whether I onetty, dark-eyed young woinan in peiumtit -At a meeting of the House Committee Mrs. Fleming, Mrs. Johnston, and Miss Stevenson were elected on the dress, who %yes at that very moment lifting up a might venture to question him, but there was a d Brabazon Committee in the place of Mrs. Ridcway,Miss sort of reserve about his manlier which forbade black-eyed child of about two years old, in its Riffles' and Miss Wright.—The inadequacy of accommo- me to take liberties. Yet he was only a young queer blue blouse and black cap, to be kissed by dation for diying the wet clothing of male vagrants man, not thirty, 1 should think, with a decidedly a num who wore the sabots and blue Idolise of a , was considered and an extension suggested by pleasant appearance. He was of middle height French labourer ; but who, as I minted immedi. Mr. Brooks was approved. The Master was authorised ittely, had curiously fair hair, and looked very and good figure, well and suitably dressed ; isnd to carry out the same .by House labour.— Liss unlike the ordinary Freneliman. Thera was a his face, although a little thin and grave, was a h proposed exami- nation one, with fine features, and the soft, still smaller child in a wooden cradle at the door, , vult j master ehraedpaosritcee (di ttoh a excused from nurseste McNeill natiotn at the end of their three years course of train- and the young woman pointed to it reproach- . ~, beautiful eyes of the born dreamer. His hands, e A discussion ensued, during which it transpired too, betrayed the artistic temperatzient. They fully, as much as to say that her Madonna had ,I , ithat• the two nurses in question did not feel themselves given sufficient attention to the little one, I were long, narrow, with thin white fingers, net competent to pass, owing to the lack of opportunity of pointed at the finger tips. whereupon with a laugh the man stooped over the gaining practical experience, especially in surgical A long hot day drew to its close, and I was cradle, and at that moment I caught sight of his . training and nursing. The members present were of I sorry to observe that we should soon be able to face. I held my breath and stared in blank l opinion that there were only two alternatives, either see very little of the exquisite scenery through amaze, for the fair-haired men in the peasant's ! the abandonment of the attempt to train the probabi- which we were passing. The lovely valleys down dress was none other than Edmund Justican. ! tioners and the employment oi a full staff of trained ' Which the rushing torrents leaped, the distant I stood outside the hedge, still staring, when i nurses, or the appointment of a medical officer. It mountain-tope, the pine-covered hills, would the woman at the door caught sight of me, was at length proposed by Mr. FORSHAW, secontdoedttye ed soon be lost in the darkness of night. What I and said something to her husband, fi look e . Mr. BROOKS, and agreed to that notice be given also regretted was, that as there i 17115 no full 'lnd, at me, and paled suddenly. its be fully Thom : members of the ocr dimeinttleeirsitnhat arrangements next meeting the he put his finger to hie lips as if to beg nie to moon we might poesibly see very little of the ; onohnoslied;lrueesttio d hant the superintendent nurse and the two Nodal keep silence, transferred the child to its mother's entrance to the great Mont Ceuis Tunnel, senior probationers be heard relative to the matter, and we should ' approach met probably, about eleven-amiss and walked slowly down the garden path that definite resolutions be adopted if deemed expedient o'clock at night. During the evening a good to the gate, looking steadily at me all the time, or desirable. Mr. Forshaw also gave notice that he many of the passengers had hung about the " Monsieur wants something ?" Le asked in would move a resolution that the Guardians appoint a corridor windows, walking up and down and French, tor rather in the patois of the district, resident medical officer to be responsible for the medical gazing at the scenery, but, as night mune 011, which is generally difficult for an Englishman to and surgical treatment of the in-door poor and the one by one they dropped back into their seats, acquire. I was too much taken aback to answer in-door snuff, and for the training of the nurses. The and in most Cases began to partake of the eveu- in anything but English. , Railway Sidings Committee recommended to the Board ing meal, which, if wise, they had brought "Is it you, after all ?" I said. " Don't you with that having regard to developments which may occur at remember me ? I was an old acquaintance of them. Bat Mr. JltatiCall seemed Co have made any moment, the next contract aor coal be let for three months instead of the half-year period.—This was yours !" no provisiun for eating: he had n•ither sandwich nor fruit, and he declined a shine of mine, or of " I have no acquaintance with monsieur," said agreed to. the red wine which I offered to him. the man, looking me quite calmly in the face. Mr. FORSHAW moved the confirmation of the minutes Referring to the improved drying arrangements he said But the more I observed him the more certain I "Thank you very much !" he sail to me, became that he was the vanished Englishman. that the cost. by the employment of house labour, would " But I believe we come to a station soon, where ' be only about 220. With regard to the proposed appoint- " Perhaps you don't know Inc by name," I there is a kuict at which I can get everything I need." nient of resident medical officer, the matter had to come went on bluntly. " But you must remember . before the House Committee and it would be better to that we lunched together at Venice, that we ' discuss it thoroughly there before introducing it at a " Monsieur is mistaken," said the Abbe, in the visited the Pitti Palace, in Florence, together, ', Board meeting. corner. "At lewd I know of no station where we amid that we were travelling in the same cont. I Mr. II [canna seconded. stop for any length of time, until three or four partment on the journey from Turin, when you I The CLERK : I don't know whether the proposal: in the mornings" so mysteriously disappeared? Ido not coins an " I think I shall be able to get something be- „„ enemy, Mr. means a resident medical officer in addition to Dr. Edmund Justican, and I have no Brnide• fore then !" replied Mr. Juetican, with a polite ss,"— ---an' -- Mr. FORSHAW : We can go into that at the corn- •ish to inquire into your secrets, but you must ' bow to the Abbe. And shortly after this, lie, too, mittee meeting. Welt out into the corridor, and began to pace up aallinvewanme toexpreesnomy pleasure in seeing you • d well.". I hued that the colour came The CLERK : I wondered whether it was in your end down, as though he wished to stretch his back to his face as I spoke and at the end 1 mind to make an arrangement with Dr. Braide. 'e AIr.FOic,IIANV : It °ill be discussed by the em- eriti-aped limbs, after so many hours in a railway mulled slightly, and lifted his Cap. carriage. He stayed for some time : I saw his "If you will • remise me not to betray Int' ' mit tee and brought before the Board. The minutes were confirmed. figure pass and repass the window, but at last 1 secret," yhe said, promise English—how well I FAIR WAGE CLAUSE. Nati?' it no more and conjectured that he was either remembered his refined and languid accents ! The CLERK reported the receipt of a letter from the ehatting to the conductor or smoking at the fur- "I will not refuse myself the pleasure of convers. Rearsley Urban Council with reference to the fair thee end of the corridor. iug for a few moments with a countryman of my wage clause in contracts. So far as he knew, said Mr. By this time it had grown quite dark : the, own. You are the first Englishman I have Sutton, there was never any dispute with the Warring- train was moving at a snail's pace, for we were spoken to for three years, but I shall be glad of ton Boards' contractors as to the payment of fair mounting a very steep incline, and I prepared your kind assurance that you will give hie ao- w'tg"• myself for my night's rest, though wondering a count of your discovery to the newspapers, or ft A discussion on the accommodation question is re- little at the continued absence of my ris-ii-ris. , ported in another column. . the authorities either in France or England. Not However, I soon dropped into a fairly soniel that I have any occasion to fear them," he added, slumber, and did not wake until the grey dawn, "I am not a criminal, but the revelation of my when I bectune conscious that an official had en- true name, and identity with the Englishman tared the carriage and was trying to arouse es n"± ii) disappeared from the train in which you The Abbe and the Erma lady seemed to be is ale were travelling would cause me considerable in- I awake, but the corner opposite my seat was still convenient*, and perhaps endanger the happiness 1 yenta. WIDNES AND BART KENNEDY. of my home." " Monsieur is a friend of the gentleman wh " e I will keep your secret faithfully," I said. At the meeting of she Widnes Town Council on Tees- ' sat there 1'" the blue-coated man demanded, with " Bat in return will you not tell me how and day afternoon, Councillor Hemingway, chairman of the a somewhat anxious expression of countenance. I why you are here ?" I Health Committee, took exception to remarks recently shook my head. "Certainly !" he said. " And give you my made apu ' t blic meeting by Councillor Boyle,* Socialist It L "No a friend. I have seen him two or three permissions to tell it to the world after myea death and Labour member. He contended that Councillor ly of the health bill of the times before, but I cannot be said to know him. di , Boyle had spoken disparagiuq , or, if you care to o so, n twenty years front West Bank district, and had insinuated that the Health Where is he, by the way ?" than time. There will be 1,0 difficulty, then, about c •ttewere not doing their work properly. There "He must have changed his carriage," said 8" letting the truth be known. The fact is I have, ommt e . . Kennedy's article was no necessity tor Mr. Bart recent the man, from my boyhood, been placed in uncongenial in the:' Daily Mail," he said. if Widnes was to be " ran " But I see lie has left his luggage behind !" circumstances. Ido not know whether I can down " by one within their own camp.—Councillor (( It would be well," said the Abbe, with great express to you the loathing with which the life Boyle retorted somewhat warmly, and the Mayor tranquility, "if M. 13 Condueteur would search , of civilization, of modern cities, fills me, and has hurriedly closed the discussion. the other compartments for him, without trout>. always filled me, since I canna to years of maturit ' Y. HEAVY EDUCATION BATE, ling our repose further. The gentleman you seek I suppose I have the soul of a recluse—of a her. At Widnes Town Council on Tuesday Councillor Went out in the corridor between ten and eleven : mits though not as you see, of a celibate. My Lewis made an urgent appeal for more economical O'clock, and has not been here since." wife and children are the greatest joys of my adtniiiistration of the Education Act. He stated that The man looked at us silently. I learnt after- present life, but, in order to gain this h n ave of the cost of education in the borough daring the last wards that he had already made the tour of the peace, I was obliged to cut myself adrift from year was £23,000, which worked out at about las. per carriages, but it was not all at once that the state the world and all my earlier associations. I had head of population and nearly Ea for each child in of things made itself clear to us. The gentlenian made Finette'e acqueintatice some time before you average attendance. Councillor Neil, deputy chairman of the committee, said that economy and impartiality Whose luggage was labelled Edmund Tustican, ~,,/, roe in /toy, and was convinced that my (nil Was apparently no longer in the train, every cora chance of he pi ees lay in n arr • 1 • e n3' in the working of the Act were both considered as fares 'set of which had been searched in vain. He was f„rIIIIIRtely, IP- lileld relatiolie, alit Licilge, wijo. mask. possible. A committee was appointed to go into. the question of the adequacy or otherwise of the teaching gone—absolutcly gone, and only his luggage re- severe, inicoinpromising Seuteliman, with a Cal- staffs. ffs. ruainted behind, with the exception, as we now vinisfic hum, and a conviction that a mn a would i FATAL SHIP CANAL PASTIME. noticed, of the black bag, which he seemed to be eternally lost if he did t 1 1 ' Ino lapp y iiinself to On Tuesday night Mr. Dodson coroner, held an in- Lave carried in his hand. himinesm. I lusted hini but at the smile lime I Edward Williams 1 quest at Ruocorn on the body of , Of course there was quite an uproar when this acknowleds 1 t I I' 1 " t"l4- •Ie •"' eamPlete mastery over , eleven, son of Police-sergeant Williams, who was fact be ~,,, came known. It was suggested that the 1,15, whenever 1 was in hin presence. He even ; drowned in the Ship Canal at Old Quay on Friday last. Englishman had committed suicide, or again. aintrival Bost I should engage myself to his He is the second victim to the Runcorn boys' pastime that lie had bad a quarrel with immeone, and ,temshier, a a.m.) tent yurmo older than nayself. 'of catching crabs in the Ship Canal. His companion, been flung out of the carriage. In atuy case it ,ia inini „ffil miry 11a her father, an•l guile capable George aloorfield, also aged eleven, said they were scented terribly certain that his body would bc „e sums( mi, ter brisea, of prmitise of marriage if :crabbing near the old mill when a large boat came along, found near the rails at seine point we had tra- 1 thired to t,,,,,,i,,„10 the c„,,,:tg , „0„,.,. tr,„1,,,.. and they went to the top of the bank. After the boat versed since eleven o'clock. for if there was one these ciremestinees I l• iik refie:e'lin ili 1 h Butt g a ..i had passed Williams scrambled down again, and Meer- thing of which the officials had immured them- ass., „. „ • ~., ts / . ' .1 !,(t..rs from time to ' ' field shouted to him to conic back, as he would tumble 1 in. Williams laughed, but took no uotice, and was selves, it was that he was DO 1011ger a passenger time, showing that my Ix hereabouts 41114 io , .1,1 by that train. !aid fluidly 1 wastoi,t, 01,11 my mm'' I" '."-I I.' I putting fell his foot in a hle in the wall when he slipped l into the water. Williams, i o We were boarded by the police before we •laughter had resolved ,o follow 111. 10 It '''' lily, who could swim a ' i bit, got within a yard of tbe side, mind l‘iloorfleld threw etentned into the next station, and motile of ne insiet that the limning., nhotilil take place hem., I him a rope but he • d getting it and was swept Were detained for a few hours, in order to give ,liately. I was forced. up,lll de-iperate cow se •' • missed gettingb 'd • I away by the tide. Mr. Richards,from the awing ri ge evidence, while the wires along the line were iind you yourself know what I did." i then brought a rope and lifebuoy, but the deceased, Worl‘,..A ; --... alCeSSantly, in the effort to diseover the " Upon my word I don't 1" I ititersoletei made no effort to 't It , s stated that there grasp I. na • 110(1v f; ~ 4 0 - time m.; es.iag man. But oltriowly enough hastily. 'II suppose yen Inelin you g ,vo thn e was no fence, and that anybody could walk right into time searela W/1S Witllollt reneilt. Every Melt of the lime slip. Bin how del you !mare lie train ?" the canal.—Captain Waring (representing the Ship 11110 was explored, the tunnels were searclSSl, the "My dear sir 1" maid Edmond J ustican, will Canal Company) said boys would break down fences or eiebenkiniente carefully eurveyetl, but there was a more Euglish turn of araKe than he, had v,. anything else. A man was constantly employed driving don't you re boys away. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidentally 'lO trace to be found (if any awn-lent. 'No dead iimployed, •• member the media( .. p i bad drowned,b and requested the Caiial Comnany to erect a sr, 1111 stain of 1•100 1, no shred of clothing- at which the tr•dal was crawling iip the hill Y . fence and notice boards to stop bathing and "this (m ild he di•covered to tell its OWII l:I le Edmund -imply opn eed the 600 r an to, I, d eteppea notorious crabbing." inty), if Ilea. were lee name. g a ht. si•emed to lasvo eourse it wan a risk, 1 nii I t Ilave fI, l it'l lil Valais! s— ii (I es ~,,ae phi sly it a if he had leen a deni- hurt myself, but, as a matter of fact, I es•iiapo sea of another world. without a single injury. I made may way fru, the railway line to a place where 1 nate no, 11. : known, concealed sassaar for some days ataionp the peasants, and adopted as far as I could theii For some time I continued to k' ta e an interest fu 1 d habits. la' 11 I. • I , ress an ine y made iny w aly I the strange disappearance of the English traveller, but I noted as an odd thing thatnobody Faiette's native village, and persuaded her to cast "erne(' to be m h clabout- ' a_s. ..... . tic concerned it in Eriz' that I took my hand-bag with me, which con- ast u _ .The miming Man Must have had very • mined a very fair proportion of iny fortune, in a few friends. Of course there Were paragra ut i the London dailies; which were no doubt loiSi,,tdi portable form. We married, bought this little into homestead, and here we live with our ohildren, the provincial' journals, so that quite 'sup/li- (tient publicity our sondem and our animals, as happy as the (ley la_ a was given to the curious fact of ; 1 , ''a alsnimearnnce, butt no inquiry after hint WM 's '°llF'• Thank God, I shall never see London ever made b • again !" I. y friend or acquaititance. So 1111t0o a gathered from I stared at the man, for such an expression of die French authorities whom I . (mentioned later on the eubject. I, myself, sing- ' feeling accrued to me extraordinarily bizarre. @rested that 1 • - he might perhaps have fallen front the train, Justican's tone. , ea and been mini 1 be( away y country- Peopie, to seine place of refuge " I wish," he went on, hi to live here and to I was told that t " he matter would but in that case have conic hi die here, and my children to come after me in this

THE

" And do you never regret your friends ?" I " Surely the relations of whom you speak, ...mit have suffored some anxiety on tour se- cmiut !"

"I took a very simple precaution," said Ed• mund Justican, amiling, with the air of a man who had triumphed over fate. " I wrote to them beforehand telling them of my intention to commit suicide. That is probably why they made no search for me, and concluded that I had car- ried out my threat. They had no affection for me, but they envied me my money, and I have to compunction for the deception I practised. All I ask is that you will not let them know." " I will moat certainly not let them know," I answered. " But I urn glad I have met you and solved a mystery which often tormented me." "I am sorry for the trouble I may have given," said Edmund Justican, with a glimmer of a smile in his dreamy eyes. " But I have thieved my end. Will you not cOl/10 back to my cottage, and let my wife offer you her simple hospitality ? She is quite a child of nature, and ,weet and loving art an angel !" " I should be charmed," I answered with real egret. " But I ant afraid my time ia too short. shall have to run to the station if I mean to catch my train. I hope we may meet again." " Au Terrilr then, and not good-bye !" said may .11 ietjtmaintutee, with a smile. We shook hands, and I saw him turn back ith an eager face to the wife and children. it horn it was evident that he so tenderly loved. 1 oped that I might one day return and make heir acquaintance. But fate has not led to Southern France again, and that is lie lao I ever saw of Edmund Justican, the story of whose strange disappearance I am now, fter a lapse of twenty years, at liberty to give !o the world. I can only hope that he has never •ired of his Paradise.

SP? LON DO N ROAD, 1./ MANCHESTER. 00, Establishei 1315. Bankers : Lloyd's. ifoi, • vriliPtmor*.liof td0rr0r..:42.7.7.17/

===== 0002601_19050812_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
STRANGE DISAPPEARANCE OF EDMUND JUSTICAN,

ADELINE SERGEANT (Author of'' The Idol Maker," " Blake (1 Oriel," je.)

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. Proposed Appointment of Resident Medical Officer:

The .Bishop's Visitation..

The Bishop of Liverpool hopes to hold his visitation in November. Instead of delivering a single charge to the clergy in the Cathedral,he purposes to divide it into eight parts, and to deliver them in eight centres. The visitation for the Winwick rural deanery will be held at the Parish Church,Warringtomon November 27th. The Bishop proposes not only to cite the clergy,but also to invite the attendance of the churchwardens, sidesmen, licensed lay readers, ruridecanal representatives, Sunday school superintendents, and head teachers of the day schools.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
Memorial Service.

A large congregation assembled at the Hill Cliffe Baptist Church on Sunday evening to take part in a memorial service to the late Mrs. Hellas, of New Lodge, Higher Walton, uho for some years was an active ruember of the church. The Pastor (the Rev. J. S. Hughes) occupied the pulpit and took for his text the passage "Willing rather to be absent from the body and to be present with the Lord." He dealt with St. Paul's explanation of a Christian's death and his concep- tion of a Christian's heaven. Referring to the deceased lady, he spoke of her many amiable qualities, the great esteem in which she was held and the devoted service she had rendered to the church up to the time of her breakdown in health. For over two years she had been in a weak condition, and yet her comparatively early death had been a a surprise and sorrow to them all, and as a church they suffered a severe and unexpected loss, Mrs. Hanes would be ever remembered amongst them, as one who gave of her very best to the service of that church, which she fondly loved. At the close the Dead March in " Saul," was played the congregation standing.

Re-decoration of Holy Trinity Church. The last service in the above church prior to closing for re-decoration was held on Sunday evening when the Vicar announced that the church would be closed until Sunday, September 3rd. The services would be held during that period in the schoolroom in Museum- street at 10.30 a.m and 6.30 p.m. each Sunday. Holy Trinity Parish Magazine says :—" The expense of painting and decorating the church will be £l2O. Towards this amount there is about £9O in hand, leaving a balance of £3O still to be raised, which it is hoped will be wiped dff by the collections at the open- ing services. While the church is undergoing decoration the wardens and the Parish Council considered that it would be a good opportunity to have the lighting of the church overhauled, a work that has for a long time needed to be taken in hand. To do the work effectively it was felt that a very considerable outlay would have to be incurred, and it was decided to start a special fund for the purpose. Our churchwarden, Mr. J. H. Halton, has given a great deal of thought and time to carry out this work, and we are very pleased that his efforts have been well responded to. We believe that the work when completed will leave nothing to be desired."

expense

BANANAS. Every fruiterer's shop bears witness to the growing popularity of bananas. Two record shiploads of these are now due—one at Manchester, of 57,000 bunch(As, front Costa Rica, in the steamer Pecuare, and the other at Bristol, of 45,000 bunches, from JBMIIiCA, in the steamer Oracabessa. The first represents the largest cargo of bananas ever loaded in one steamer at any port in the world, and the second the largest ever shipped from Jamacia.

For PILES 300 YENES

"DR. ROBERTS' POOR MAWS FRIEND."

DV" DS' OF'

The best Antiseptic Obansent tor Wou,eis ft el Slehl HEALING, COOLING, SOOTHINu. Ofmil Owlets:is, or of BEACH BARNICOTT Ld., Bridport. primwm, 2/9 tie, 3c. Pori Free. .4~ Z for Pamphlet.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
' RUNCORN AND WIDNES. I

RUPTURE CURED. Gentleman Cured hlmsalt, will rend FREE parEctnars of hen- pensive sit. curative treatment o HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL " Seed address tor HOW ? n—W/11. NIXON (lisa II), 3, Earl Street, Carlisle.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
SICK-HEADACHE,

INDIGESTION,

LOSS OF APPETITE,

===== 0002601_19050812_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
ENS NS

MPERIAL PLATE" ND CUTLERY CASES.

3.12 to £lOO.

-L) ON' 4 fet e Etintz"zrZT MONTHLY PAYMENTS nctra

CAN

===== 0002601_19050812_art0146.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,111, AV

===== 0002601_19050812_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
START CURING YOURSELF TO DAY! If you are suffering from any di.ease due to en impure state of the blrod, It It a serious &Ater, ani doe, not admit of dl .y. Before :too (WI t.e ',stored to health the Impurltie. mutt be driven out. All Iflool cria n in Diseases, such as

BCZBM BLOOD POISON, BOILS, SCROFULA, BAD LUG 3, GOUT. SCURVY. UHRUMATI iM. PIM FLU, C.

min be positively anted by tsking a course of Clarke's 8100.1 Mixture. the World-Ye/led Blood Purifier. 'I his famou• fnedlcine is wsrr Into- to ole.mst the blood from all impurltie, from wbstever cause arising. Thousands of tf.stA modal. have •ren received trom nil pa rts of the word. Of all ihernists and otores. 2s 9d. per but' le Ask for

CLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE

AND BSWARZ OF IMITATIONS.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
_ ',; , 10724e&rtn1HwaaltIri/I:Tf &Solt- Da e 9 B and preserve, the leahter Plratant od”ur allow polish lag with blacking. GOLD MEDAL. EEHIBITIOS HIGHEST DubbnAWAILDS. riots td.. 6d., V. 6.2,6 of Bold Makers, Saddlers, Iroysirtorteers ...c. A 1 anntaclery East Ihdynch i ~..,„„..

===== 0002601_19050812_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
TIRED M.EIST.

When yon are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and Weary of wearing Electril Bette, write to me, and I will Bend you a Book, which 'howl how evety man, young and old, may he quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNESS, EXHAUSTION, VAElet 'CELE, and DEBILITY, from any muse whatever. wiTHour STOMACH MEDIC:NV, or 'MEC Hun‘tredd of cores Book sent sealt.d,pcst free. for two stamoi.—A. I,FIGH. 92 an 93. Great kue sell St., London, WA?. Over seventeen years' P u eces *tut results

===== 0002601_19050812_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
MERRYWEATHER ON

WATER SUPPLY

FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY MANSIONS.

EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, ig.C.

SO PAGE ILLUSTEATZD C.C.TALOG Om.. Wholc....tanlorices, edr.i....rn,:iMttfis:,...,.,A:crassz..,tr:4; PRE , Cycles iruill 2.08., B.S.A. c.h.l EA:ME'i talachines. Never such ko rttils .; TO • offered. Ag..z.1:.;:,p,' narti,,i 411 AIL, Ill' Every Acres LIS 7s.Q 4r, C 5o per cent. leas than other mak crs. WarrilOW a Ea. Weston-n-maze. England.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
THOUSANDS ARE

ROWN & CO., USINESS . . 'OKERS AND

VALUERS,

Established 1875.

If you want to buy a genuine Business, or require a partner, from £5 to £5,000, in Liverpool and District—consult us.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
NO SALE. NO CHARGE.

34, South John Street, lcord (Crtrrest) LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
Yff4l DIV r$ .. . I. . „..3 ( userrp\RD ' ) POWDEM

Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custred— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR.

BIRO'S Cuataarcl is the ono tiling weeded with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. his ;COS! NO RISK I NO TROUBLE!

W MARVELLOUS VALUE t Geauire PpeurigLz."l,B2llßi.„! USoAttitrael: INE naming tt.i• taper. Pr ce list free, Pleteive this nelvt. i Bottles or . ....

• Baby' Champagne (genuine French). 13s. per dor Burgnndy lls per doz. Terms cash pith order Goods rotornable it not apnraved. 11,ferenoe t Ulster Bank, Ltd . Belfast,—DlWlS. LOOM, & CO., LTD. le, Commercial Court, be Bast.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & CO.

RICE LIM'S Printed on card or paper Ulna- rated, If required.

'TELEPHONE No. 355 Y.

PROGRAMMES CONCERTS SOIREES BALLS

FOB FETES,

TEA PARTIES SERMONS

MEETINGS &c., &c

BOOKBINDERS. PLPBR RULBRS, ac.. ?TWIN WALKER & CO. RULES PRINTED and BOUND for Odc)(allows Foreuters, Druids, Shepherds' Sick, Burials and Trade boeletiea.

MEMORANDA AND ARTICLBS OF ASSOCIATION TRUST .DRRDS AND SHARb CIIRTIRIOATBS

RIFCITTED AT SHORT NoTICRS. PBPONTS AND BALANCO. -SHERTS, PAMPHLSTS, TRADB CATALOQUBS. AND GRlas HAL PRINTING OF IiVERY DXSCRI MON AT

JOHN WALKER & CO..

===== 0002601_19050812_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWSEY 81REET, WARRINGTON.

YOU ALL INDS OF MCAT CIRCULARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

PIT ANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective. I I.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, S.ermons, Services of Emig. Festivals. ac

PROGHADINI EA for Fntortainmente, Concerts, . tn thP West prthitio stylo.

SICK, RECEIPT, and EUBSCRIP, lON BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Porforated to order.

CATALOGUE fur Public and Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printer! to any it or pattern on bue. white or fancy paper

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCITIONAL WORKS.

p RICE LISTS Printed 'on card or paper illustraced, If required.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

- Posnms OF ALL SIZES TIMM: CONCERT:. BAZAARS. MEETINGS. SPORTS. SERVICES. IRA PARTIES. ANNOUNCEMENTS.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

7ELEPHONB WY.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW TALE! NEW TALE!!

ON FRIDAY NEX ", AUGUST 18nr,

===== 0002601_19050812_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
A SPLHICDID NEW TALII

IS3TI l LED

" THE WHITE ROSE,"

(BY GBRAID BIBS),

' WILL COMNIENCE IN THE " EXA.MINEIL"

PUBLI3HED EVERY FilOY AFTERNCON.

U:sE PENNY.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
The Grand Duke.

Sir,—The writer of "Observer "notes, in the local Conservative organ, overstepped the bounds of common decency again last week by his unwarranted attack upon Mr. A. H. Crosfleld. One expects the Liberal Candidate to be abused because of his political activity, but one scarcely anticipates an attack upon him because of his personal friendships. "The Grand Duke Mich2el has everbeen a thorn ia the side of the "Observer " and, if we were to take serious notice of that paper, we should be led to believe that be was a really dreadful individual to have as a friend It now turns out that the" dreadful individual" I actually patronised a Primrose League flower show and garden party, nay, the gathering was, so the" Observer " stated, " under the immediate patronage of his Imperial Highness and the Countess." Well ! really it is funny ! What will the " Observer " do now? If I may offer some advice to the writer of the notes 'referred to, and he surely is in need of advice, I would humbly pray him to read the wise words of Confucius, who, once upon a time, said that "if you suspect a man, do not employ him; if you employ him, do not suspect him."—Yours truly, NUNQUALM.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
Christian Festivals and Their Dates

Sir,—More than one day in seven are observed as Sabbaths by peoples in the world. This has caused me to consider which of these Sabbath days are held on the right day. I have come to the conclusion that the Sabbath day in England is fixed on the wrong day of the week, at some future time I will give you my reasons for thinking thus. Those who fixed the dates of Easter and Christmas were much astray in their reckon- ing. I believe the birth of Christ occured in the summer time. The argument I use to prove this is that the shepherds were watching their flocks by night. This proves it was not winter time when Christ was born. In Palestine flocks would not have been in the fields in Enid-winter at night. It seems rather absurd that Easter should have been fixed three weeks later this year than last. It appears to me that the dates of Christ's birth and death are lost and likewise the dates of the week on which He died and rose again. Then why do people pretend to know these affairs? I should like to see Christmas and Easter abolished. Bacehusat these times seem to have more worshippers than Christ. I would suggest that Christ's Day should be held in place of them and all public house closed on that day.—Yours,ecc., R. M. B. Grappenhall, August tith, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
National Training and the Public

Schools.

Sire—ln accepting a gold medal, commesnorative of his presence at the Bisley meeting on the 23rd of July His Majesty the King expressed his warm interest in rifle shooting and said" I am glad to think, and trust also, that the boys in our different schools will now take up rifle shooting." This royal encouragement to rifle shooting, as part and parcel of the education of British boys in all schools, come's as a happy confirma- tion of recent notable utterances, such as the remark of the Prince of Wales that " training of the young is the foundation of every sound system of national defence " and the splendid appeal to the nation made by Lord Roberts in his speeches in the House of Lords on July 10th and at the Mansion House on the Ist inst. These things lead me to believe that your readers will be interested to hear the steps which the National Service League has been taking to bring home to the boys of England, and especially to those in our public schools, the responsibilities which reet on every young Briton, personally to prepare himself to share the honourable burden of national defence in the day of need. It has from the first been part and parcel of our proposals that military drill and rifle shooting should be made an obligatory part of the educational course in all schools, public and private, primary and secondazy. The National Service League contends that such training, while imbuing boys with a sense of manly discipline and true patriotism, would enable them to carry out their military training proper much more easily and at much less sacrifice of time than would be necessary if no gronnd work had previ- ously been laid. With this conviction we felt very strongly the urgent need there is for bringing our principles as clsarly as possible before the youth of the country, as it would be of inestimable value to the great national purpose we are "pursuing to have the sympathy and support of public schools in urging upon the rising generation the necessity of performing the first of all civic duties. With this object in view the Executive Committee took steps, some weeks ago, to offer to all public schools which would make physical and military drill obligatory on all boys and rifle shooting on all boys above the age of 15, a gold and silver medal, to be awarded annually to the best trained boys in the school the idea being to pick out, andilionour, "the best soldier," in the best sense of the word. I am now able to say that we have received answers from nearly all the public schools, and they have been favourable in nearly every case. This fact, indicating as it does, the complete acceptance of our principles by the headmasters of 90 per cent, of the big schools, show that it would be easy to carry a bill making inilitary drill and rifle shooting compulsory as the groundwork of a truly national reserve. The following schools have accepted our offer at once: Uppingbam (the first school in England to make Rifle Shooting obligatory on all boys) Rossall, Stonyhurst College, Merchiston Castle, Edinburgh, Warwick School The King's School, Chester, The King's School, Worcester, Bromsgrove School Worcester, Sutton Valance School, St. Edward's School, Oxford, The Schools Derby and Trent College, Long Eaton R.S.O. The following schools have stated that they hope to be in aposition to fulfil conditions of the offershortly Marlborough College, Christ's Hospital Radley College, Bradfield College, Hymer's College, Hull and Blackheath School. Several important public schools have not been able to give a definite reply, owing to changes of headmastership or similar circumstances. It seems to me that the ready response to the idea of national training for national purposes, indicated by these facts, is full of encouragement for those who are earnestly striving to make the citizens of this Empire realise their great responsibilities for its honour and security. I trust, therefore, that those who believe in the ideal of national service will give us their hearty support by joining the League, and widening the basis i of public opinion n its favour to such an extent that this, the most urgently needed national reform, may speedily be carried" by the free will of a free people." —I have the honour to be, your obedient servant, RAGLAN, President of the National Service League. Dacre House, Victoria-street, S.W. August :t.ll, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE SHIP CANAL.

The Company and their Dredging Obligations.

APPEAL TO BE PROSECUTED.

In the course of his speech at the half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Manchester Ship Canal Company, the Chairman (Mr. J. IC Bsthell) referred to the Com- pany's Warrington dredging obligations. He reminded the shareholders that at the last ordinary meeting he stated that the Warrington Corporation and the three trader plaintiffs had appealed to the House of Lords against the judgment of the Cosrt of Appeal, which was in the Canal Company's favour on the point of juris- diction. The Court held that the matter in dispute ought to have gone before an arbitrator. The House of Lords, while confirming the decision of the Court of Appeal to the effect that the Corporation of Warrington were in the wrong, and must be struck out as plaintiffs, held that the three traders were entitled to bring an action without previously resorting to arbitration, and ordered that the traders' case should go back to the Court of Appeal to be tried on merits. The Company's appeal, he added, will be prosecuted.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
MONEY MADNESS.

THE INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION IN AMERICA.

The South African Stores Scandals.

[By Mr. H. Whitham.]

As I ventured to prophecy a few weeks ago revolu- tion in the United States seems to be close upon us. Of course I think the people have sufficient good sense to see to it that the revolution shall be one resulting from good active brain work, some thing that will prove to the world that the so-called governing classes having been weighed in the scales and found wanting must now make way for the masses. The order of things is changing, the Industrial Revolution is on, indeed it has reached an acute stage, and unless we are to have a repetition of the French Revolution those who have and wish to retain had better loose' their hold, or—No better object lesson could be given to the world than the one given by Russia during the past twelve months. It is not only the governing class that has proved its alter incapability to govern the country and at the same time proved to the world how utterly corrupt it is, but there is another class that delights in bellowing out its patriotism,.a class that is always conspicuous for the respect it pays to privilege, and the worship it gives to vested interests, a class that always thrusts itself where the loaves and fishes are, and minds to secure the Government contracts. Like the Russian captain who starved his men and deservedly paid the penalty with his life, these men from the Grand Dukes to the contractors, right away down step by step all give way the moment, they run against the economic side of affairs. Fifty years ago the workers did very little reading and thinking, , indeed there is much to be desired on these lines at the present day,and they were only able to get hold of scanty information about the methods pursued by the Army contractors. The supply of iron bayonets and paper shoes Tommy Atkins knew all about, but when he wanted an overcoat to shield him from the bitter Crimean winter he had to whistle for it. Economics got the best of the contractors' patriotism. So it is in every war, and yet the proletariat will enlist and put themselves under the control of these flannelled fools., During the Spanish-American war, the patriotic con- , tractors supplied embalmed beef, and to my certain knowlege drugs that would have poisoned pigs all to "get rich quick" A few weeks ago I received from a London friend Sir W. Butler's report upon the system by which Army stores were disposed of in South Africa at the close of the war. I have read it, and what a blow it has given to my love for my native land. Sir William has had the courage of his convictions. Not being a Tory, but a Liberal, and an officer, it is pretty certain that he has been often voted as " no dem'd good," and would most certainly be outside the charmed aristocratic circle. As the Liberal candidate for a Leeds division, I sincerely hope for his success. It would seem that by the adroit manipulation of the tenders, and the very brotherly relationship existing between the contractors and the Government afficials the British taxpayers were " jewed " out of a nice sum of money. "In fact, the " jewing " that led up to the war, and the " jewing " that figures in its closing scenes makes one see clearly that the Gentile is no match for the Jew when economies are in the question. The highest legal authority in the Transvaal describes the various " loose and inconclusive documents" given to the officials as "underhand tenders." The first information received showed the clever scheme of fraud which cost the ' country from four to five millions sterling. In a letter from Colonel W. Pain commanding in Bloemfontein is this real bit of Yankeeism. "As regards this station, Messrs. Myers and Co., pay Government lls. per 10e, lbs. for oats and 10s. per 100 lbs. for hay, and though the stuff is not removed from the supply depot, they sell it back to Government at Ns. 4d. and 13s. 7d. per 100 lbs. respectively." I have no intention of troubling the reader with more instances of the interested patriotism of the British Army officials. It is enough to use his own words and leave him in the bands of the voters. His words are: "When we sell a consignment to a random purchaser he re-sells it— to us—at a profit of from 50 per cent. to 500 per cent." In reading over this report of General Sir William Butler's I am reminded of our own economic troubles in this land of the free, America. I have given in rseveral preceeding letter, readers of the " Examiner" brief and very incomplete sketches of the American economic and industrial condition. I have barely referred to the alarming condition of the Insurance Companies. Insurance is now so general among all classes that it behoves one to be very care- ful as to what is said touching the management of the various societies engaged in the business. To a large extent they are international in the business they do. The working classes are much interested in their good and honest management and the law is very strict and definite, as to what shall and what shall not be done with the vast savings that flow through the hands of the managers 'of the various societies. It was therefore a distinct note of alarm to the people, nay, a very thunderbolt that fell at the door of millions of the best class of citizens when Mr. Tom Lawson in his campaign of "Frenzied Finance " spoke of the consolidation of vast sums of money in the hands of bankers and insurance companies and its use by Wall-street speculators for the plundering of the people. The truth of his statement is' now being largely confirmed by the recent revelations concern- ing the Equitable and other great New York corn-I panies. It has been given in evidence that the I Equitable has been lavish to the degree of criminality in its use of the peoples' money—in the giving of banquets, in the wasteful spending of money for its officials to travel about the country in Palace cars, in the office furnishings, and most of all in salaries paid to dummy officials, and to officials who do exist, but whose heaviest work is drawing their salaries. Men ' who have hitherto held the very highest social ' position the nation had in its gift were not proof against the economic conditions that afforded them a chance to rob ,the people. The Hon. Chauncey M Depew, a Senator of world wide reputation, a man in request at every national and State function, a very prince of after dinner speakers did not scruple to gather fruit at the Equitable insurance plum tree. As a consulting lawyer, yet one who could spend most of his time travelling over the world, he has been picking up his 20,000 dollars a year salary. Well may the question be in everyone's mouth—" Has business honour vanished"? Seemingly among men of the various highest social standing there is no sense of responsi- bility to others, nor yet does there seem to be any ethical code whatever. What is called " easy " money is what all are looking for. Directors holding no stock, and dummy directors are pocketing their fees , for meetings they never attend or can attend. Eminent I statesmen, senators, governors, prominent journalists all are in the gras ping business and looking for loot. New York is fast becoming the financial centre of the world, and its business men, there can be no doubt of it, are men with no sense of honour, their methods are those of the Standard Oil, the Steel Trust, the International Shipping Trust, and the Copper Trust. At least seven of the heads of the Beef Trust are now indicted before the Courts. If there is a convic- tion the only penalty that can be inflicted is a fine of £l,OOO which simply means nothing. There are now several Senators and Congressmen before the Courts I charged with land frauds. These men have fenced in land called their own thousands upon thousands of I acres. The manner of doing it, as exposed in the ! Courts, makes it clear that the department which has ' had charge of the public lands has been subject to the most corrupt influences, and that hundreds of million- aire land-owners are neither more nor less than thieves. , The Chauncey Depew to whom I have referred above is a member of the Yale University Corporation. The demand is now made by the Press that he resigns from , the Yale Corporation, the University governing body. I The direct charge is that the Depew Improvement Co. obtained 250,000d015. from the Equitable Life Assur- ance Society,which resulted in a loss to the Society of , 200,000d015., which is now in the hands of a receiver. ' A train of victims stretching behind it tells the story of a gigantic real estate steal conducted on the prin- ciples of high finance. This is a dreary and a weary tale, and I am afraid must be somewhat tiresome to my readers. The worst of it is the tendency of all this corruption is to so debase the whole of the streams of social life, that no man, no family, is safe from its consequences. Food adulteration is now engaging the attention of the Government, and the revelations are simply frightful. So it goes on everything and anything to make money, no matter who suffers. The Govern- ment collects statistics of the crops, valuable and im- portant to farmers. These statistics are very valuable also to the speculators in Wall Street that are per- mitted by our stupid laws to gamble in the necessities , of life. One of the Government statisticians, named Holmes, has been caught giving cotton •

statistics in advance to the Cotton Exchange gamblers, getting his part of the money. Barely two weeks ago a U.S. Senator, addressing an audience of Yale alumni, said :—" Bring on your tainted money; we will purify it with the Yale spirit and consecrate it to the blessed mission of educating noble men to uphold the institutions of our glorious country, and, with wisdom, patriotism and liberal con- I servatism, keep her in the front ranks of the nations of the world.' One of his audience a very wealthy man is president of the Prudential Life, and involved in the stock-jobbing operations of the inside ring of the equitable looters. I might quote some very strange utterances of Rockefeller as to his position in the religious world, and the relationship of wealth to religion but I forbear. You may send your Mr. Dawson to convert the masses, but until the govern- ing and employing party learn their duty its all in vain. What it is all dung for Socialism is another story, but to me it seems the most interesting. H. WHITHAM. San Francisco.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 12, 1905.

LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Skelton—Hampson.

The marriage of Mr. William Skelton, of Sheffield, eldest son of Mr. John Skelton, of Boundary House, Stretton, and Miss Mary Elizabeth Hampson, the second daughter of the late Josiah Elampson, of Glas- gow was solemonized at St. Paul's Church. on Sunday. The Rev. R. H. Bowen performed the ceremony. The bride,who was given away by her brother-in-law, Mr. Harry Magee, of Macclesfield, wore a dress of blue taffeta trimmed with white lace and silk, also a white hat trimmed with white chiffon. She carried a white shower bouquet, the gift of the bridegroom. Her bridesmaid, Miss May Osborne, wore grey dress trimmed with white lace and silk, and carried a shower bouquet of yellow marguerites, the gift of the bride- groom. Mr.E. H. Minards acted as best man. After the ceremony a reception was held at the Winmarleigh Cafe, and daring the afternoon the happy couple left for Matlock, where the honeymoon will be spent. Numerous presents were received.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
Steel---Gittins.

There was a pretty wedding at St. Michael's Church Abergele, on Wednesday afternoon, the contracting parties being Miss Sarah A. Gittins, third daughter of ,the late Mr. Edward W. Gitttins who for a number of years prior to his death carried on business in War- rington as a stone merchant, and Mr. Thomas S. Steel, solicitor, Sunnyside, Marsh House-lane, Warrington. The *vent mused considerable interest and a large congregation assembled. The Rev. Jones, vicar of Abergele, officiated. The bride was charmingly attired in a dress of biscuit coloured voile trimmed with lace and silk. She wore a toque of cream coloured chiffon and carried a lovely bouquet of white roses, lilies of the valley, stephanotis, annunciation flowers and white heather. The bride- groom's gift to the bride was a gold watch. She was attended by two bridesmaids—Mss Emily Gittins (sister of the bride) and Miss Jessie Steel (sister of the bridegroom). Their dresses were of pink flowered yoil with sashes of pink ribbon, and they wore biscuit coloured hats trimmed with pink roses. They carried beautiful bouquets of pink roses, and their ornaments were gold bangles, the gifts of the bridegroom. The bridegroom's mother was gowned in black voile trimmed with &pule cream lace and carried a bouquet of red carnations. Mr. George H. W. Steel (brother of the bridegroom) discharged the duties of best man.At the conclusion of the ceremony the wedding breakfast was served at the School House, a number of relatives and friends being invited. Daring the afternoon several congratulatory telegrams were received. Later the happy couple left for the Western Highlands of Scot land where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride travelling costume was a brown cloth coat and skirt, with brown hat trimmed with roses and autumn leaves The following is a list of the presents : Bride to Bridegroom, set of gold studs Bridegroom to Bride, gold watch Miss Gittins, L.L.A., silver cake basket Miss Kate Gittins, hand-worked embroidered bed spread sheet and pillow shams Miss E. H. Gittins and Mr. E. Herridge, silver egg stand

--Mss Emily Gittins, drawing-room chair Mr. Edward Steel, tea service Mrs. Edward Steel, silver cruet and antique corner cupboard

_ Miss Jessie Steel, silver pepperettes. Mr. George H. W. Steel, silver fish servers, marmalade jar and framed picture Miss Edith Boardman, hand worked silk cushion The Misses Coles (Manchester), oil paintings Mt. and Mrs. Richard Steel (Ellesmere Port), kitchen utensils

Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Wilson (Leigh), cut glasss and silver mounted celery bowl Dr. D. and and Mrs. Ferguson, silver tea knives Mr. and Mrs. Charles Brindley, large framed mirror Mr. David Houghton, slippers Mr. and Mrs. Charles R. Burton, Doulton flower pot Office Staff, silver jam dish Mr. and Mrs. F. Cuthbert-Smith (Liverpool), standard lamp Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Leslie, silver kettle and spirit lamp Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hickman, drawing room chair Mr. Joseph Foster, box of cigars Mr. and Mrs. Ellis R. Clare, eiderdown guilt Mr. Henry Taylor, paste board, rolling pin and towel rail

--Mr. William Hickman, foot rest Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Wilson, Jasper teapot, hot water jug and silver ash tray . Mr. and Mrs. W. Madden, silver flower vases Mr. J. L. Davenport, salad bowl Miss Saunders, flower vases Mrs. and Misses Porter, pair of vases Mr. H. F. W. Tatham (Eton College) solid silver Queen Anne teapot Miss Skey (Eton), case of silver teaspoons Mr. Thomas Porter (London), silver flowcr vases Mr. and Mrs. Peers Turner, silver butter dish Etonians of Mr. Tatham's house, Wedgewood dinner and tea services

Nine Eton friends, case of silver fish knives and forks Miss Copenean, silver butter knife Miss Tatham (London), gold and pearl brooch Miss Harris, marmalade jar Miss Dean, silver sugar claws Miss Beesley, tea cosy Mr. Kenney (Eton), wedding shoes Mr. Philip Sassoon (Eton), silver photo frame Mr. Roger Parker, Longfellow's poems Mrs. Leigh, kitchen scales Miss Leigh, preserving pan Mrs. Booth (Malvern) silver-mounted scent bottle Miss Jennie Hope, damask table cloth Miss Griffiths (Carnside) silver jam dish Miss Rose (Manchester), silver souvenir spoon

===== 0002601_19050812_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY STREET IMPROVEMENTS.

Mr. T. }links' New Premises. The people of Warrington have observed with con- siderable interest the progress which has recently been made in the widening of Sankey street. A big taskt confronts the Corporation before the street can be im- proved to the extent which its importance demands, but sufficient has already been done to show that if a complete scheme of widening is c trried through Sankey street will in years to come be a very handsome thoroughfare. For some weeks workmen have been engaged in the demolition of the old premises of Mr. T.Birtles,photographer,Legh House and the work is now almost completed. The result is that Sankey-street at this particular point has a width of about sixty feet—which, of course, is quite ample for the volume of traffic. It is the intention, we under- stand, to continue this widening to the Town Hall drive. This will necessitate the inclusion in the street of part of the gardens fronting the Education Office and the house formerly occupied hyi, the late Miss Gan-en, and the Corporation offices at Bank House will also have to be pulled down. It is as yet too early to speak of the widening of the street in the Market-gate direction, which must obviously be a very slow procedure as the acquire- ment of property will involve great expenditure. Now that Mr. T. Birtles' old shop and studio have been demolished, the public have an opportunity of I seeing the handsome new premises which have been built. They will be opened for business next week, and we think our readers will agree that they are a I credit to the town. The new building is of the moat modern description, and is admirably adapted for the purposes of photography. On entering from Sankey-street the visitor finds hunself in a commodious • and well-appointed reception room and picture gallery —nu entirely new feature for Warrington—in which will be hung a fine selection of Mr. Birtles' recent works. At the end of this room is the entrance to the studio which in size can certainly be regarded as one of the ' finest in the country. Adjoining it are dressing-rooms ' fitted with every convenience. Underneath the studio are the dark rooms, enlarging and printing roams, all of the most up-to-date character. The open space at the rear of the buildings will be specially arranged for of groups,g horses, and outdoor advantage, it may be i pthicetuprehsotgogenraeprahlilng y. One stated, s that practically the whole of the new premises are on the ground floor. The excellence of Mr. Birtles' work is, of course, well known to War- ringtonians,his newest productions deserving of special attsntion being the permanent ivory miniatures which are most pleasing and artistic.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL CLUB SPORTS.

SUCCESSFUL BANK HOLIDAY ATHLETIC FESTIVAL

For twenty years the athletic sports promoted by the Warrington Football Club have been the great August Bank Holiday attraction at Warrington, and a splendid attendance at Monday's festival was proof that the popularity of the sports is well maintained. A crowd of about 7,000 lined the Wilderspool enclo- sure and the officials of the club had every reason to congratulate themselves upon gaining that liberal public patronage which is the first essential to a successful meeting. While the weather was far from being all that one could desire, it was gratifying that the conditions did not interfere' to any great extent with the carrying out of the programme. The after- noon opened threateningly, but soon after the sports began, there was a good spell of bright sunshine. Later the clouds gathered, and rain fell almost continuously to tho close of the festival. Most of the spectators, however, remained to see the whole of the races. The committee had been fortunate in

-- securing a large entry, but the " talent" was perhaps not quite up to the usual standard. A great dis- appointment was in store for the spectators, as H. A Hyman, of the University- of Pennsylvartia, the 220 yards amateur champion of the world, who had promised to compete, telegraphed on Monday that he had wrenched his knee in a race at Glasgow on Satur- day, and it was therefore impossible for him to appear. There were, however, many exciting contests, and local athletes were well to the fore.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
by W. Shaw, of York (225) and the last lap witnessed a fine contest between these two competitors. Shaw came in first by inches, Price being second, and T. Hop- kins, of Runcorn (305) third. The time was 12 nuns., 2 3-5 secs. Prizes : Ist, oak liquor and game cabinet; 2nd,salad bowl ; 3rd, dressing case.

„ 410 YARDS HANDICAP. There were only 2,4 entries for this event, and the find resulted in a victory for A. Ingham, of Altrincham, who was only a foot in advance of E. Lunt, the War- rington forward. The third prize went to A. Gibson, of Manchester. Results of heats :-Ist heat, .1, A.

. --.....—. Gibson, Manchester, 35 •2, J. J. Kite, Thelwall, 24; 2nd heat, 1, 14. Dunbobbin, Warrington, 33 ; 2, E. Lunt, Warrington, 28 ; 2rd boat, 1, A. Ingham, Altrincham, 20 ;2, J. Bibby, Warrington Harriers, 34. Prizes :-Ist, marble clock and bronzes ' • 2nd, inlaid aneroid baromete ; 3rd, electro-plated teapot.

880 YARDS HANDICAP. This race, for which there were 25 entries resulted as follows :--A. Burgess, Widnes, 42, 1 ; J. Isaacson, Liverpool, 44, 2; Owen Davies, High Leigh, 52, 3. Time 2 min., 2 3-5 secs. Prizes : Ist, case of cutlery ; 2nd, case of 5 piece carvers ; 3rd, biscuit jar.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE MILE HANDICAP.

This race wae---an—e—Zeire-iir ;Ina-up to the pro- gramme, and F. Priestner, Partington (130) who carried off the first prize fully deserved honour. He ran splendidly throughout and was twenty yards in advance of W. C. Brereton, of Warburton (116) who was second. Ten yards separated the last named from B. W. Waring, Latchford (135), the third prize winner. Awards : Ist, gold Albert and seal ; 2nd, silver- plated fruit stand; 3rd,4 cup egg frame. At the conclusion of the sports the prizes were dis- tributed by Mrs. Pemberton.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. WILLIAM JEFFERY.

A Well-known Co-operator.

The programme embraced twenty events, and it - was close upon half-past six when the last _handicap It is our painful duty to announce the death of was decided. The cycling races were particularly . another well-known and highly respected Warring- keen but, although the slippery state of the tun caused several spills, there were no serious accidents. tonian in the peison of Mr. William Jeffery, the recently-elected president of the Warrington Co-opera- The appearance of that well known local competitor, tive Society, who passed away at the residence of a T. Astill, who won laurels on the track years ago, was relative, Heathfield, Broughton-lane, Manchester, at hailed with enthusiasm, and he was accorded quite an ovation on winning the second prize in the mile 8.15 last Friday evening, after a very short illness. It will be remembered that on July 17th the handicap. He experienced the hardest of luck in the deceased two mile contest for just when he appeared a certaingentleman succeeded to the presidency of the first, he had a spill in negotiating the last Co-operative Society in place of the late Mr. Thomas corner in the final lap. One of the most striking Birchall. The following day he was seized with sun- stroke, and from the first his condition was regarded features of the foot races was the victory in the mile !as serious. He was attended by Drs. Gray and Brown, handicap of F. H. Priestner, of Partington, who ran lof Manchester, and Dr. Reglist, was also calle in. inald Smith, •Warrington, splendidly throughout and won in fine style. Full d details of the various events will be f and Dr. Reynolds, a specia d below. , Despite their attentions, however, Mr. Jeffery gradu- The Borough Brass Band was in attendance and played a i a capital selection of music. The officials, to whom ally sank and passed away at the time stated n his 1 seventy-fifth year. The deceased was one of those self- great praise is due for the admirable arrange- made men whom Warringtonians justlyhonour.Leaving meats which ensured the smooth working of the sports,l school at the early age of eight, he went into the were as follows :-Clerk of the course, Mr. T. Davies; fustian cutting trade. His education, however, was not starter, Mr. T. Wainwright; judges Messrs. J. Evans, ' neglecled for he attended the evening classes held at T. Bowers, J. E. Warren and T. L ocker ; committee . the old Mechanics' Institute and ultimately became a Messrs. W. Nevins, W. Hewitt, T. Barnes, J. Dutton, , teacher there. He entered the service of Messrs. F. Heesom, J. T. Bate, W. Hill, I. Hackett, F. Turner, i Rylands Bros. Limited, wire manufacturers, as a E. Gilbert, J. W. Evans, A. Jones • handicapper, Mr. I blacksmith and remained with the firm for thirty five H. P. Ellis •, hon. treasurer, Mr. T. Pemberton ; hon. y, Mr. H. Ashton' official judos for cycle v years. His capabilities early became so manifest that secretar te f avhena foreman was required for the galvanising de- events, Mr. E. Pickavance, N.C.U. I l5O YARDS SCFIOLARS' HACH HANDICAP. partment he was selected for the post. On the retire- It was pleasing to find this event, which was intro- : ment of Mr. John Chappell, the manager of the works duced last season, again heading the programme. The Mr. Jeffery succeeded hire in that important position, large entry showed that the competition 13 serving an ' and held it until eight years ago when he retired. Like admirable purpose in interesting the rising generation i the late Mr. Thomas Birchall, Mr. Jeffery was a in athletics, and the determination of the youngsters to pioneer of the Co-operative movement and assisted in secure the honours of the day was responsible for the formation of the Warrington Co-operative Society some excellent struggles for supremacy. The which was among the first to be established in the final produced a capital contest, and it was notable that three of the four prizes went country. He took the greatest interest in the pro- to scholars attending St. James' school. D. Mann, of gress of the Society and acted as a member of the St. James', from the 21 yards mark, was the first to committee from its inception. Although there is no 'breast the tape, but he was barely a yard in front. of W. office of vice-president of the Society, Mr. Jeffery had I Rounds, of the same', school, who came in a foot before acted in that capacity when occasion demanded for A. E. Hatton of Heathside. The same short distance the past twenty years. He was a staunch Liberal and I separated tne last named from A. Sheppard, of St.. - lone of the oldest tend most highly respected members James' who won the fourth prize. The winners of heats , were as follows :-Ist heat, 1, A. Sheppard, St. James', of the Liberal Club. He wa.s a regular worshipper 17 yards, 2, H. Wall, Wycliffe, 10; 2nd heat, 1, A, B. ,at Wycliffe Congregational Church of which he was Hatton, lleg,th Side, 26, 2, W. Rounds, St. James' 25 ; one of the oldest-probably the oldest male member. 3rd heat, 1, F. R. Kinsley, People's College, 30, 2, G. T. Latterly he had acted as a representative manager of Jones, People's College, 8; 4th heat, 1, M. Sexton, St. the National Schools. Much sympathy is expressed Mary's, 10, 2, C. Harrison, People's College, 20 ; sth with his 'widow and family (two sons, and four heat, 1, D. Munn, St. James', 24, 2, T. Cosgrove, St.daughters) Thomas' 20; 6th heat, 1, P. Broadhurst, St. James' , 21, 2, A. J. Wood, Holy Trinity, 24. The prizes were :-Ist, I THE FUNERAL. , gold watch, chain, and medal; 2nd, inkstand and clock ; At the funeral, which took place at the Warrington 3th, aneroid barometer; 4th, silver albert. 1 Cemetery on Tuesday. the large attendance testified to 100 YARDS HA.NDICAP. I the general respect in which the deceased gentlemen was held. The first part of the burial service was held There was a capital entry tot the'sprint, and the final was particularly keen. T. Pollitt, of Winton, ran in in Wycliffe Congregational Church, the Rev. John first, but only half a yard separated him from F. J, Yonge officiating. The hymn " Rock of ages" was Williams, of Warrington. The struggle for the second sung, and Mr. R. H. Pearson, who presided at the organ, place was keen, Williams being only a foot in advance Played "The Lord is mindful of His own " (Mendelssohn) of H. Clough, of Pendleton, who secured the third posi- and "Funeral March" (Chopin). tion. The time recorded was 10 2-3 secs. The following In the course of a short address the Rev. John Yonge were the winners of heats :-Jaines Jones, Salford, 30 ; said that while they were reverently fulfilling the last T. Pollitt, Winton, 8: ; T. A. Stenson, Crewe A.C., 9 ; rites for the departed it was well that their thoughts W. E. Lingard, Pendleton, 6;!, ; H. Clough, Pendleton, should be rescued from all disturbing and distracting 8 ; E. Bickerton, Timperley, 71 • F. 3. Williams, War- considerations, and that they should, each one of them rington, 9; C. Beresford, Pendleton, 71. The awards steadily face the great and inevitable fact'that what had were :-Ist, gold watch and albert ; 2nd, case of now happened to their friend would one day happen to cutlery; 3rd, gent's dressing case. themselves. Death was the earthly "end of all, and the 220 YARDS HANDICAP, living should lay it to heart." Death, dark, painful, Owing to some dispute the winners of the final of mysterious ani sad as it must ever anpear, this handicap raced twice, butthe result was exactly the could not be a finality; it was an ending, but it same. T. Stenson,arrington, the winner of the secon of Crewe, ran in first by about a yard, was not the end. Its cold finger wrote " finis" to the E. W. Warren, of W volume of the earthly histoty, but assuredly, in the case d of any and all who "die in the Lord," that chequered, prize, being two yards before R. Allen, of Bolton. The time was 22 1-ssecs. The heats resulted as follows:- Perplexing, manifoldly imperfect history of earth,would T. A. Stenson, Crewe A.C., 16; F. Yates, Bolton, 12; J. he succeeded by annals of growingly pure and perfect life in the deathless world where sorrow and sin could Allen, Warrington, 12; R. B. Allen, Bolton, 131; E. W• h Warren, Warrington, 15. The prizes were :-:4st, tea have no place. They did not meet that day as those and coffee set and tray ; 2nd, 6 bottle cruet; 3rd, case who had no comfortable hone concerning him of carvers. 1 who had now passed on before them. Their ONE MILE BICYCLE NOVICE HANDICAP. I friend had lived in a world of trial, temptation, and , Though not as exciting as the other cycling events daliculty, but amid all its defects his bad been a life of the novice handicap aroused a great deal of interest, avowed faith in Jesus Christ. He had been an habitual One of the heats proved exceedingly farcical, only two and lifelong worshipper in His House, and for a competitors putting in an appearance and covering the lengthened period of years a member of His Church. distance in somewhat leisurely style. The final was a Mr. Jeffery's connection with the fellowship of good race, the premier award going to W. Pidler, of Christian people which met in that place dated as far Stockport. He was two lengths in advance of H. back as November, 1865, when he was received into Critchley, of Bold who rode exceedingly well. W. that membership from a Congregational Church Brierley, of Manchester, was a splendid fourth which then had existence in Golborne-street being less than a length behind Critchley. The' chapel. From that time onward to the present-a following were the heat winners :-W. Brierley, Mae. space of forty years-he had been well-known and respected in that community, and had always mani- fested a deep and lively interest in the welfare of cheater, 45; W. Pidler, Stockport, 55; J. H. Wilson, j, Wycliffe. He did not see his way, perhaps, to take that Misterton, 55 ; D. Young, ;Manchester, 50 ; A. E. searie,personal share in the active work of the Church which Hargreaves,Ha l e , Manchester, ti e., some of them could have desired, but he always prizes Prizes: let, slit; table ei,i Bold,ee es;s2;nd, bracket chime clock; 3rd, smokers combination tray. ' 600 YARDS OBSTACLE RACE. encouraged his family to be steadfast adherents and As usual this race was productive of great amuse- loyalsupporters of the cause which held so warm a meat, the competitors having to negotiate a variety of place in his lengthened regard. Mr. Jeffery held for a obstacles and wind up by each lighting a cigarette long, number of years a highly responsible post in one before running to the tape. The first prize gent of the principal works of the town, which brought him to F. R. Merrison, of Hyde, the scratch man, 'in daily contact with large numbers of workingmen. who went about his task in a businesslike way which He was also a strongly attached member of the War- betokened experience. J. Gunn of Southport, was , rington Co-operative Society, sharing for many years second, and R. Berry, of Whitefield, third. The winners the labours of its directorate with such well known and heats were :-Ist heat, 1, R. Berry, Whitefleld 20; 2,J, : highly respected fellow townsmen as the late Mr. J. Phrenix, Stockton Heath, 60.; 2nd heat, 1, F. R. ' Thomas Birchall and others. Upon the recent death of Merrison, Hyde, scratch, 2, D. Bibby, Warrington, 45 ; i Mr. Birchall he was unanimously promoted 3rd heat, 1, T. Bentham, Wigan, 20, ...„ A. Ford, Warring- Ito the position of President, but within too, 60 •, 4th heat, 1, H. Boyle, Warrington, 45, 2, . I only a few days of that well merited Simm, Southport, 25. Prizes : let silver planted tea advancement, the fatal illness laid him low. His death, urn ; ald,WeStMinStOr cabinet ; 3rd, oak biscuit barren.. I therefore, created regret and sorrow beyond not ONE MILE BICYCLE HANDICAP. only the circle of his friendship and family, and the The appearance of numerous local riders caused Wycliffe community but also in the town itself where interest in this race to run high, aad there was some , his life had been spent. They held the service as a really excellent racing. The greasy state of the track I deserved mark of respect to Mr. Jeffery as being, if not was responsible for several spills in the final and J. the oldest male member of the church, at least one Houghton, of Warrington, had particularly hard luck. of the oldest. His loss was deeply regretted by those Although pretty heavily handicapped, he had by who had known Wycliffe longest, and they as deeply splendid riding worked his way to the front sympathised with the family to whom his departure position and towards the close of the race he caused so painful a bereavement. The rev, gentleman held a considerable lead. Unfortunately a spill I concluded by commending the bereaved family to the completely spoiled his chances, for although he pluckily comfort and grace of God. remounted he could not regain his place in the short At the close of the service, which was very impres- time left. The first prize went to W. Monks, of Risley. sive, the cortege was reformed and proceeded to the T. Astill, of Warrington, was a popular favourite and Cemetery where the last rites were performed by the rode well. He too, experienced a spill but resumed the Rev. John Yonge. The chief mourners were :-Mrs. race and finished a good second. H. Mounfield, another • Tolle ry, Mr. and Mrs. Cassey, Mr. and Mrs. P. T. well-known Warrington competitor, was third, being Winskill, Mr. and Mrs. J. Jeffrey, Mr. and Mrs. S. W. only a length behind Astill. The time recorded was • Jeffrey, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Harrington, Mr. and Mrs. 2 mica. 57 sec. The winners of heats were :-Ist T. N. Pretty, the Misses Cassey, Miss Winskill, Master heat, 1, I. H. Wilson, Misterton, 180; 2, w. Winskill, Mr, JO3. Whitfield, Nurse Dyson (Manchester) Monks, Risley, 175; 2nd heat, 1, H. Brocklehurst, and Mr. 3. F. Spencer. Widnes, 110 •, 2. T. Astill, Warrington, luo ; The Wycliffe Congregational Church was presented 3rd heat, 1, L. F. Wood, Warrington, 190; 2, H. Mono. by the Rev. H. Wall, Messrs. G. Wallington, Henry neld. Warrington, 120 • 4th heat, 1, J. Houghton, Roberts, W. Beswick, R. H. Pearson, D. Owen, and W. Warrington, is, 2, C. Hatton, Widnes, 185. Prizes : Hayes, and Messrs. Rylands Bros., Ltd., Church-street, Ist, liquor and squash frame ; 2nd, spirit kettle and Councillor T. J. Hulse (secretary), and J. J. Neild stand ; 3rd, 6 bottle cruet. . (manager). A large number of wiredmwers were also TWO MILES BICYCLE HANDICAP. present, lacludine Mr. Dyson Whitham, the oldest wire This was the best contested race of the afternoon and drawer employed by the firm. The Co-operative Society although the final was decided in a heavy downpour was represented by Messrs. A. H. Rathbone (manager), of rain the interest of the spectators was S. Denbobbia R. C. Cook, T. Critchley, W. Bibby, T. maintained throughout. J. Houghton, of War. Wadsworth. 13'. Hall, and W. Ford, while the followieg rington, again made a grand effort and in employees acted as bearers :-Messrs. Starkey, Banner, fact secured the first prize. He forced his way to the Albinson, Critchley, Molyneux and Kay. front closely followed by T. Astill, of Warrington. but Amongst others present were Messrs. W. Richardson, in the last lap the latter pissed him and looked almost ' 1.P., T. S. Steel, R. Wood, E. Place, G. B. Holford, W. certain to come in first. He, however, met with the Furness and S. Barlow. same tutu as Honghton in the previous race, a spill at There were beautiful floral tributes from the widow, the last corner placing him entirely out of the running, children, and grandchildren, Rev. J. and Mrs. Yonge, The second award went to 11. Daintith, of Warrington, Mr. T. J. Hulse and the staff of Messrs. Rylands, who was only a length behind, while the same distance Bros., Ltd. - separated him from T. Waring, of Rixton, who came in third. The time was 6 reins. 12 1-5 sees. The following were the winners of heats :- Ist heat. 1, J. H. Wilson, Misterton, 270, 2, H, Mounfleld, Warrington, 180 ; 2nd heat, 1, T. Astill, Warrington, 240, 2, T. Waring Rixton, 275 ; 3rd heat, 1. J. Houghton, Warrington, 195, 2, H. Hunt, Glazebrook, 270. Prizes :-Ist, bracket chime clock ; 2nd, oak tray and tea set ; 3rd, silver-plated cake basket.

While fighting another woman, Louisa Curtis, of Battersea, turned on a surveyor who sought to rescue her baby, and with a blow of her fist broke the bone of his nose into about a dozen fragments. "It was as though a horse had kicked it," said a doctor. After- wards Curtis fought two policeman. She was on Wed- nesday ordered four months' hard labour. ELASTIC OToCKINGS, KNEE CAPS, &C.—For Varicos Veins nnd all cases of Weakness and Swelling of the Log. Sprains, et:. They are porous, light in texture, and in- , expensive, and are drawn on like an ordinary stocking. ' —Price 4s. Gd., 7s. 6d. and 10s. 6d. each. Postage free. WILITIi & WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument and Truss Makers, 96, Renshaw Street, Liverpool.—Advt.

TWO MILES There was a capital entry for this event and a keen struggle for premier honours. J. Scott, of Birken- head (320) hold the load for a considerable time, but was overhauled by W. Price, of Warrington (21)). Ife was in turn overtaken

===== 0002601_19050812_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WORKHOUSE OVERCROWDING.

BUILDING SCHEME TO BE AGAIN BROUGHT FORWARD. Discussion at the Board Meeting.

The question of the overcrowding of the Warring- ton Workhouse is twain occupying the attention of the Warrington Board of Guardians and at the next meet- ing a proposal to re-adopt the building scheme which I was in March deferred for twelve months will be brought forward. A preliminary step to enable this II to be done was taken at the meeting of the Board on I Wednesday when the members agreed to the rescind- I ing of the resolution of March Bth, deferring the con- sideration of the erection of an infirm block for twelve months. The whole question will therefore he re- discussed at the next meeting. It will be remembered that at the last Board meeting it was resolved that "the existing Workhouse accom- modation being unsatisfactory, steps be taken forthwith for the provision of proper andsufficient accommodation for the indoor poor, especially the sick and aged." A Special Committee was appointed to deal with the matter and the Chairman received a letter from Messrs. William and Segar Owen,architects explaining with regard to Mr. Hickman's proposal to utilize the old infirmary that the estimate of £1,500 to .21,650 was for the work which the Local Government Board architect would require to make the buildings suitable for what was proposed should be their use. To merely carry out the alterations which Mr. Hickman proposed, would not cost more than half that amount, but the bare altera- tions would not meet with the Local Government Board's approval. With regard to the total estimate for Mr. Hickman's scheme of £3,000 to £3,500 it would be understood that by the alterations to the Infirmary, all workshops were absorbed, and it would render necessary the building of new workshops of considerable area. The special committee unanimously recommended "that the resolution arrived at by the Board on March Bth last, deferring the consideration of the erection of an infirm block at the Workhouse for twelve months be resciaded."

At the Board meeting the CLERK (Mr. J. C. Sutton) in answer to Mr. T. H. Ashcroft, stated that the Special Committee consisted of the chairman (Mr. J. Billinge) and vice-chairman (Mr. W. Hickman) of the Board, the chairman (Mr. R. Forshaw) and vice-chairman (Mr. G. Thompson) of the House Committee,and Mr. S. Davies. The CHAIRMAN (Mr. .J. Billinge) moved the adoption of the special committee's resolution. He expressed regret thatan important business engagement prevented Mr. Hickman's attendance at the special committee meeting but said he understood that would not occur again, as Mr. Hickman had retired from business. The Board was quite familiar with all the details of the I scheme, He did not expect any opposition to the com- mittee's recommendation, because he kno v the members of the Board would not wish to inflict any hardship on the sick, aged and infirm in their institutions. One felt thankful that the Warrington Union was in such Ifavourable circumstances that an expenditure of £8,500 would meet present requirements. In neighbour- ing unions schemes were being brought forward to cost as much as £75,000 and £160,000 respectively. A farthing on the assessable value of the Union would meet all the requirements for Warrington. When the new buildings were in use they would prob- ably be able to save a fifth of that farthing by better administration which would result, and also by apply- ing the "test" of the institution. Mr. FORSHA.W seconded.

Mr. lircKm AN said that in view of the meagre attend- ance at that meeting owing to the holidays, he would move an amendment that the matter be deferred until the meeting on the 23rd inst. - . .

Mr. Asd-cnorr saconded. He did not think the recommendation should be brought forward, in view of the fact that the Board had previously decided to defer the question for twelve months. Some members, how- ever, were determined to push the scheme on, although the new building was not reauired. The hospital was plenty large enough, and as for the accommodation in the House, the number of inmates on Friday was only 4H. There was a certain individual at the back of the matter who was pushing the scheme on. The public of Warrington felt warmly on the question, and he (Mr. Ashcroft) hoped the members who were moving for all the expenditure and extravagance would be pushed off the Board when they had to face the electors. Mr. HOUGHTON : Th this in order? I don't want to have to stop hare all morning. Mr. ASiienorT : I have been over the buildings and I can prove that we do not require the extension. Continuing he contended that there were individuals who from selfish motives were trying to pass the scheme. If a strong committee were formed to go into the matter thoroughly the scheme would never go on, because they would find there was no necessity for it. I Interrupted by a member Mr. ASHCROFT exclaimed "I wish some of you would go back and never come here any more."

Miss .i3ROADBBNT said she thought Mr. Jenner-Fust made it very clear that the extension was necessary,and the Board might take his word as being an expert on the subject. It was very tedious to hear the same argu- ments brought up again and again, and it was a great waste of time.

Mr. ASHCROFT : Can I rise again ? I will answer Mr. Jenner Fust (" Oh, oh "and laughter). Mr. FORSHAW : You might take his word. Mr. ASHCROFT : I know more about this place than you do. The REV. Da. MEitoEn did not see that there was any need for a fight over the resolution, as it would leave 1 the Board absolutely free afterwards. It was a very mild resolution and would leave the Board in exactly the same position as before. With all due respect to the Special Committee, however, the members of the Board would require reasons to induce them to change their votes. He voted against the scheme when it came up before, and he should vote against it again unless he knew there were some fresh facts to cause him to change his opinion. Mr. Fortsßaw thought the amendment was quite superfluous. Mr. RICKMAN : lam simply looking at the meagre attendance at the meetting. Mr. FORSHA w, continuing, said there was a misappre- hension about the question. It was not a question of the housing capacity of the whole of the premises but of the accommodation in the hospital. It was absolutely essential that the hospital wards should only be used for the classes of cases for which they were specially intended. Dr. Mercer asked if there were any new facts. The reason the matter had been again brought forward was that Dr. Braids in his report on June 30th, stated that the hospital generally had be.m overcrowded for the past six months. If the place was overcrowded now, what would it be when winter came The care of the sick poor was the first duty of a Guardian. How could they be taking care of those people when they had, as had been the case during the past week,a mad patient put amongst the inmates in the hospital because there was northere else to accommo- date him. He was screaming and yelling all night and oven the master could hear him in the hall. What, therefore, mudt the particular ward have been like? Owing to the lack of proper accommodation they had had to use the straight jacket a great deal too much, in fact he (Mr. Forshavv) thought it was improper to use it like they had done. H.M. Inspector had commented on the matter and a special committee was appointed to go into the qnestion of the padded room which was in disrepair. He did not think Mr. Hickman's scheme to meat the congestion by altering the old hospital would help them very much. There were in that hospital 30 beds and 30 were now being used. During the months of January, February and March there were always over 70 inmates of the old hospital, so that there was little margin. The old hospital was already being used to its fullest extent. It was evident from Dr. Braide's report that there was very serious congestion in the hospital. Those who were opposed to the erection of a new block should come prepared with an alternative scheme. Anything which they proposed would be carefully gone into. If they were not prepared with a constructive policy, he would ask : Where was the logic of their position ? Would it not be far better to leave the matter to those who were constructive and who wished to bring it to a satisfac- tory conclusion ? Mr. HICKMAN said that in view of the fact that the question would he thrashed out at the next meeting he would withdraw his amendment. The opposition would be prepared with a constructive policy. The other side had effectively killed one alternative scheme, hut another would be brought forward and they would have an opportunity to kill that, if they could. Mr. Asficitorr said he could not understand why the amendment should be withdrawn. The scheme was deferred for twelve months and it ought to be left alone until the expiration of that period. On a vote being taken the committee's recommenda- tion rescinding the Board's original resolution was confirmed, ten voting for it and no one against. In reply to Mr. MATHER, the CLERK said he expected to have sufficient balance to be able to fix a rate of 7d. 'for the next half year. Mr. BOLTON asked if some influential ratepayers could be allowed to visit the institution to judge for them- selves as to the accommodation. He felt very strongly on the question. The CHAIRMAN : I think the Warrington people have confidence in their Guardian; and think they can leave their interests with them. Mr. BOLTON: Imy they have not on this question. Mr. ASHCROFT : Would Mr. Bolton be allowed to bring a large ratepayer bore and show him round ? The CHAIRMAN : He can talk the matter over with the Clerk some day. The CLERK: lam afraid the CLERK has no power in the matter?

Mr. 14 onsirx : I should like to see some large ratepayers here. The Rev. Dr. MERCER: The Chairman should invite them as his guests. The matter then dropped. £8,430 EXPENDITURE PROPOSED. At a meeting of the Board on Wednesday, August 23rd, the following resolution will be submitted That the Guardians hereby cement : —(1) To the erection at the Workhouse of the Union of buildings

for the accommodation of the infirm in accordance with plans to which the Local Government Board have affixed their seal, subject nevertheless to such modifica- tions: thereof as that Board may hereafter direct. (2) To the provision of furniture for the said buildings. (3) To the expense for the above purposes of a sum not exceeding £8,430. (4) To the borrowing of the said sum,lof £8,430 or such part thereof as may be necessary for the purposes aforesaid. It is proposed that of the sum borrowed £7,780 be repaid within a period not exceeding 30 years and the sum of £550 within a period not exceeding 15 years.

===== 0002601_19050812_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS

Latest Quotations. BANK RATE 21',. SETTLING DAYS 16rtt ANC) 31sx AUGUST. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES-FRIDAY NOON. NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this day. Amount Prices , BRITISH FUNDS. „c_' Consols 21% 100 ..90 21',:, Annuities 100 94; IV° Annuities WO ...89 Nt. War Loan 211 Red 1910 lOO ...99 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO _lOOl Bank of England Stock . lOO 301,, India Stock 100 _.1051 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian lOO .1121 Glasgow & S.-W. Prof. ord. lOO ...661 Great Central Deferred lOO -.161 Great Central Preferred lOO ...30; Great Eastern lOO .83 xd. Gt. Northern Def, Convd. Ord. lOO ...34 Great Western lOO .1381 Lancashire and Yorkshire lOO ...mg London, Brighton & South Coast. lOO ...133 xd London, Chatham and Dover 100 .15; London and North-Western lOO .151 London and South-Western lOO .1611 Metropolitan lOO ...91 xd, Midland Def. Convd. Ord 100 .641 Do. Pref. Convd. Ord 100 ...691 North British 100 ..A4- North Eastern Consols lOO .136 North Staffordshire lOO -971 South Eastern 100 -.86 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific 100 .160; Grand Trunk of Canada lOO ...22,7,,, Do. Guaranteed 100 ...102; Do. Ist Pref. lOO .1111: Do. 2nd Pref 100 .102,. Do. 3rd Pref lOO ...511" BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 .36 xd.. Lancashire and Yorkshire lO .34 London and County 00 .99 London and Westminster ',I) .541 Manchester and County l7 ..59 xel„ Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...491 Parrs `'o S 5 xd. Union of London l5l ...37 xd. Union of Manchester ll .25 Williams Deacons 8 231 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Greeton 5% Cum. Prof. lOO 1171 Bell and Co. Ord lO ..121 Bents Brewery Ord, lO .61 Boddington' Ord 10 ...- Chester's Ord lO .11 Groves & Whitnal 5% Cutn. Pref 10 -.71 Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO ...530 Manchester Ord. lO .2, Parker's Burslem Ord. 10 .1-5 Springwell Ord 10 .8 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO .42 Walker (P.l & Son 5:, Cara Pref 10 ...10i, TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONES. Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO ...59 Nat. Telephone Prof. Ord. 6:', lOO .1081 do. Def. Ord. lOO .103 xd- • do: Ist Pref. 6,;, lO ..13 xd. do. 2nd Pref. Minimum 6% lO .121 xd. Nat. felephone 3V- Deb. Stock lOO ...106 TRAMWAYS. Blackpool & Fleetw'd Tramroad lO _l3l British Electric Traction Ord. lO ...81 xd. Man. Carriage and Tramways A -71 -.51 do. do. B 5 -211 do. do. C -31 ...2:: Southport Tramways 5 .31 INDUSTRIALS, &c Beyer Peacock & Co. 51% Cum. Pref. 1 13/6 Bleachers Aso. 51 Cum. Pref. 1 21/3 xd.. Boy. Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 21/0 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 24/9 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Prof. 1 21/9 British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 -s'l British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Cam. Pref 5 5; xd. Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ora ...3-;' Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. T% Pref. lO ..17; Buxton Lime Firms lO .5 Calico Printers Ordinary 1 .9/71 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 ..18/6 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 .51 Crosfleld (J.) & Sons, 5% Cum SA APre. Pref. 10 ..10i xdo Crosflelds, 41!t, Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO ...98 Crostield, 417; 'A' Deben lOO ...98 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 .13'3 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO .Sl2, do. do. do. do. B S -.61 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl -.38/3 Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Corn. Pref lO .121 4% Dohs. Red 100 .99 Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 .33;9 Lever Brothers, 5% Cum. Pref. 10 .121 Lipton Ordinary 1 20/3 Meldrnm Bros., 5191, Prof. 1 19/0 Mond Nickel Co.. Ltd., Ord. 1 .11 do. do 7% Cum. Pref. 5 .64 Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5^,0 Cum. Pref. 5 Nantyglo & Blaina 81; Pref. 621. -801 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 .3f do. do. 6:: Cum. Pref. 5 6; Public Benefit Boot 6;',, Cum. Pref.s ...51 Perrins Ltd. Ord. 1 .1/6 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord 1 ...36/6 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 61, Cum. Prof. 5 .5:2 Salt Union Ordinary 4 .1116 United Alkali Ordinary lO _36/3 do. do. 7^,', Cum. Pref 10 ...10 do. do. Deb. ' 100 .107) Vulcan Foundry 1 21/g Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd -1 ..61 do. do. do. do do 16 .8; Warrington Land & Property Co Ltd. Ord. 1 -.19/0 - do. do. d 0.... B Shares 7 ...6-7 Warrington & District Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/0 -.17/6 SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO . 26/3 do. do. do. y.'erpl. V. Pref 10 ...38/3 MINES. Barnet° Consolidated 1 .39/3 British South Africa (Char) 1 .36/6 Charter Trust and Agency 1 ...15/3 Cons. Goldfield of S.A. 1 .11; East Rand Proprietary 1 -7' Hendersons .TohnnnesbureConsolidated 1 40/9 Kaffirs Consolidated 1 .16/6 Oceanas 1 29/6 Rand Mines 5/- .9i Randfonteins 1 .49/0 Rhodesia Exploration 1 9: Tanganyika 1 .4) Transvaal Estates 1 .2.5'/3 The above list and prices have been compiled 11l Messrs. 'l'. and J. L. Tnnstall and Co., Stock and Shar& brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington. and will be found reliable.

Marriages. ST E FIL—GITTINS —On the 9th inst., at the Parish Church, Abergele, by the Rev. T. Jones (Vicar). Thomas Samuel Steel, Solicitor, Warrington, to Sarah A. (Sallie), third danghter of the late Mr. Edward W. Gittins, of Warrington. At home, Sunnyside, Marshhouse-lane, Ist and 2nd September. STEWART—HARPER—August sth, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, Th00a.55 Patten Stewart to Florence Amelia Harper. THomas—Fox—August sth, at the Parish Church, Wit,r- rington, by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, Frank Vann"' to Alice Fox. SA.MPSON—FOSTER—August Gth, at the Parish Churebr Warrington, by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpatb, Arthur Sampson to :Jane Foster. 'sh 'Pt t RELFALL—B E aTTIF. —August Bth, at the Par,L,. Church, Warrington, by the Rev. T. W. William Secundus Threlfall to Mary Morrisoo i Beattie.

Deaths. LOWE.---On the 10th inst., at Latchford w Lodge, Hannah, wife of Robert Loe, aged 52 years. 1%15 meat Warrington Cemetery this. Saturday afternoon ?b Horn—August 4th, at Orford-street, Warrington,J°se' Rope, aged 83 years. F.llO BAXTER—August sth, at Legh-street, Warrington, Baxter, aged 80 years. et, DAvEsroßT—August sth, at Back Stamford-stre Warrington, Charles Davenport, &gaol 68 Yea"'

Warrington.—Printed and publshed by Jorrs & Co., at The Examiner General Printini itniTe Bewsey-street, and published by them at t d place, and also at The Examiner Offices, VictoVt, WIDNES : 32, George-street, ST. HELENS: 3, 3411rAeg street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street 1117Ncoe* 12th. 19(1%

4 ' . . , 201C> , -

===== 0002601_19050812_art0173.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19050812_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE. THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER IS NOW PUBLISHED oN FRIDAY AFTERNOON, —PRICE ONE PENNY— AND IS ON SALE AT THE VARIOUS NEWS- AGENTS AT ABOUT 4 O'CLOCK. SHOULD ANY DIFFICULTY BE EXPERIENCED 111 GETTING THE PAPER THE PROPRIETORS WILL UNDERTAKE TO DELIVER A COPY AT ANY ADDRESS IN WARRINGTON BY O'CLOCK ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON WITHOUT 010 EXTRA CHARGE• Addrem all communintlons to EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

- WICLIFF6 CHUHuII. BEWsEY 6' WARRINGTON. SUNDAY, AUGUST 13TR 1905. PREACHER : RIM 3. YONG& 10,3) a.m. and 6.30 p.m. USUAL oFFRUTORIRS.

BEWBKI ROAD W ESLKYAN C I.IIJRCiI SUNDAY' NEXT, AUGUST 13TH. At 10 30 Mr. W. BROUGH. At 6.3 Bev. J. MANNING. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided.

-80 LI) St tiEKT W VSLEY AN CHU li,ll, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (dUNDAY) All lUST 13TH. At 10.30 A tiTUDRIST. At 6.50 Rey. G. H. CIAWNSON. All welcome. Hymn Rooks proybled,

BAPTIziT CAURCH, GOLBOHNE; SrREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY MIXT AUGUST 13Tir. Molvarrti: 10.45. Mr. W. RVANi. EvgNma . 6.30. Mr. B. wYNNEI4OII3. ALL 613 ATS FREIE. HHARTY WRLCOMII.

BAPTI:4I' CUL KC Is LATCHFORD, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AUGUST 13TM. MORNING 10.30. }WANING 6. PRILACEER Mr. WILLIAM ARNOLD. livening Subject ; •' His last chance." OFFARTORIB4.

NAME PLATES IN GLASS, BRASS, METAL WOOD, MOTOR NUMBERS. BAXENDALES, MILLER ST., MANCHESTER.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AGRICUL- TURAL SOCI WI Y. PRESIDENT :—SIR. GILBERT GRIIIINALL, BART. VICE-PRESIDENT :—T. HENRY LYON, BSQ, 16TH ANNUAL SHOW WILL BE HELD IN WALTON PARK, NEAR WLRRINGTON, ON THURSDAY, 17Trt AUGUST, 1993. Pitize,a, CUPS AND MEDALS V aLTIE £754). JUMPERS, TURNOUTS, SHIRES, HUNTERS, CATTLE, AC., AC. JUDGING COMMENOES AT 9.33. YORKSHIRE HU iSARS' BAND. ADMISSION : ONE SHILLING. Gardens. Park and Show Grounds close I a's 7 p.m. ...Omnibuses will leave Bridge-street and Sankey-street. llaßton, at frequent Intervals for the dhow, Pare each Way. 3d.

THIS GRANDEST VETE IN GREAT BRITAIN, SHREWSBURY GREAT FLORAL FETE WEDNEsDAY & THURSDAY, AUGUST 23nn & 24TR, 1906. THE 3113 T MAGNIFICENT FLOWER SHOW ..IaVETt HELD in Iha UNITED KINGDOM. OVER £1,200 IN PRIY En. 3,000 Entries, staged in 10 Monstre Marquees. 13Y RIND PERMISS'ON THE MAG4IFICENT FULL ' / REGIMENTAL BAND OF R M. COLDS 1' RE 101 GUARDS, 1 80(Tr•TWO PERFOR AIER3 (for the first time at any • • , Fete), and the Magnificent BAND of 11.61. ROYAL ENGINEERS, - FIFTY PERFORMERS. COMBINE!) BANDS, 112 PERFORMERS EACH DAY. GRAND 3dILITAItY TATTOO EACH EVENING, T 250 PERFORMERS. uE GRANDE . ST SIGRIE•3 OF SENSATIONAL PERFORNIANC;ES ~41 Europe, all especially engaged fo•• this FRTE ONLY . ; .'" SEP E ARATE PERFORMANCES BY TH GRICATEST ARTISTES OF THE DAY. • a„„DOUBLR BALLOON ASCENTS. CAPTIVE BALLO, sN, `vb to 1,003 feet, by Spencer Bvotters, Aeronaut(' to Crystal Palace. 0 HORSE LEAPING COMPETITION £lOO IN PRIZES. i• Magnificent Promenade by the River Severn. .wiectria „.,.%Unehes Rad Pleasure Boats on the Severn from the Fete ',Zoned, 4..A„1N it SON' 4 MAGNIFICENT FIREWORK DISPLAY ~bPICiAL BXOURSION TRAINS FROM PRESTON, "IDA N, WARRINGTON. AND ALL PARTS. , ADMISSION : Wednesday, One o'clock, Zs. 6d. 11 • . after OHM Thursday, PI". le. • Thursday, all day iro Eleven, ONE SHILLING 0 . H. W. ADNITT, i Hon. The Square, Ourerrebury. W. W. hAUNTON, .1 Secs.

HACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATEN?' ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A ISEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40S. MACDON ST. HELENS, 86, CEIURCH.ST, As WAYLASSES. DBAPER, MONDAYII, n to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AS MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDIIIO3DAYS.I to ?.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH ',ST. ILITYNDLRCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY ATTENDANCR. DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

LEGE( HOUSE STUDIO, WARRINGTON. MI BIRTLES BEGS TO INFORM HIS CLIENTS THAT THE NEW PREMISES FOR HIGH-CLASS PHOTOGRAPHY WILL BE OPENED 03 MONDAY NEXT, AUGUST 14TH. THEIS PREMISES BEING SPECIALLY DESIGNED FOR THE PRO- DUCTION OF PHOTOGRAPHY IN ITS HIGHER BRANCHES. WILL BE FOUND EQUAL TO ANY HOUSE Ltf THE KINGDOM.

S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON 'WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per OF, COVERLETTE I TAILS OF t FROM HAIR FRAIER% PURR FROM 3/8 EACH. HA/R. 5/6 T S AROWE, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

B WD• A S WORT H, SOLE AGENT FOR THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS oir JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS : 59, SANKEY-ST.. WARRINGTON,

THE CORPORATION ON' WARRINGTON is pre- wed to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for & term of years Application to he made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, MUI:110113fti Offieell. Wftrrifletoll.

SMOKE EWDLOW'S OLD BOY'S" TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE; I. ID. PER LB. TIN; 69. PER LB T. SUDLOW & CO., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK tST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 4141.

DANCING.--"Illtt M/SSES PARTINGTON will resume their DANCING CLASS on WiIDNESDAY, OCTOBRR 4th at the Wlnmarleigh Café, Sankey-atrint, from sth 7 n.m.

VXPERIKNCitI) Male and Female NURSKS at a .2.2,4 moment's notice for all cases.—Atmly NURSES INVTITU- TION, Hope House. Hope et., Liverpool. Telephone 2570, Royal._ Telegraphin„ irldress, Nurses •

CHEAP GAS FOR OAS ENGINES. LIGHTING AND HEATING. ONE H.P. FOR ONE HOUR FOR I/IG OF in. PROM 10 H.P. UPWARDS. THE INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING COMPANY. HYDE.

FT ARGRAVES TOBACCOS. HARGRAVES' CIGARS U 57713. YEARS. HARGRAVES' CIGARETTES. MANUFACTORYI qviii.N-SrREIRT. MANORICSITHR.

i FRANK STRINGER & 104, WILDERSPOOL ROAD. WARRINGTON. MIRE WHOLESOME BREAD AND CONFECTIONERY. ONLY THE CHOICEST MATERIALS USED. DECORATED CAKES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BOST AND CHRAPBST Bvllll OFFBRBD TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 'Op.,. AND is. BD., iCACf.I. WROLICBALIP: BY .1. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1833.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL RINDS. EMPLOYERS LIABILITY. ACCEDES T & DISEASE Small Poa.Scarlet Feyer,Typhoid,Diphtheria,Appendieltis ao EURULARY A FIDELITY fIUKAN(fI IL AMWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE k.,0. Established ISM CLAIMS PAID £4,830,000 84,CORNHILL,LUEDOr. A. VIAL Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE: Hi JOHN DALTON T. Agents required in unrepresented oistricts. AGENTS: Warrington ttr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate , Mr, W .11 . RIGSBY, Nessoliffe, Victoria-rd., Latohfor d St Helens Mr. 7. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydook Mr. J. BILLING& The Willows tndbach

DR. LUNN'S TOURS AND CRUSES. SWISS TOURS .£5 .ss. INCLUDING A WERE'S ACCOMMODATION ItT LOVRLY LUCII/INB. S. Y. ARGONAUT.—MobT ATIRACrIVR: 14 DAYS' CRUISES TO NORWAY, &C. FOR COMPLETE PIinGRAMME AND ALL INFORMATION APPLY TO PITT AND scurr, LID., 4. RROCROSS STRRRT, CIVRRPoOL

" A PPEARANCES AKE NOT EVEKYTHINO.', There's many a good heart under a Ragged Coat!, although I have only a small workshop and not situated on a main thoroughfare lam able to do any job whatever in the cycle line and guarantee to glve entire satisfaction in prompt nests, quality and price. I can make you a new cycle any mice or I can repair your cycle cheaply and well, try a small job.--CANNI3LL, Hires.exa ex., off Liverpool rd., Sankey Bridges, Warrington. Cars stop opposite the street.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AID BITTER ALES ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S MOP BITTBILI WHEATLBY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASH or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WIN WICK ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HlEfhl CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORES. ONVItE STREET.

_ fIU WSLI I HIS UOUNTY COUNCI L. —THN EDUCA.- 1./ CATION COMMITTHIS of the Chlshlre County Connell OFFER a NUMBBR of SuHOLARSIIIPS fur Instruction In Dairy work. tenable at the Dairy Institute, Worleston. and commencing on Monday. September 4th. 1905. Forms of application can be obtained from the under- signed to whom they should be returned on or before August 15th. RD. P. WARD, Director of Bducatton, County Education Offices. City Road. Chester.

MRS. THOS. CLARKE WILL CARRY ON THE 131,7SINESS Ote STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THB "EXAMINER" OFFICB, 33, DIMWIT STURBT, BABLBSTOWN,

WARRINGTON UNION . -TEN DRS FO( CONTRACTS.—The GUARDIANS ol the WAR- RINGTON UNION Invite TBND MIS for the supply of the undermentioned. to be delivered free of expense at ttie Work- house. and at the Cottage Homer, Padgate, at such times and in such quantities as may from Mina to time be ordered. Twelve Months, Milk ; Six Months, Clogs, Shoes and Slippers, Coffins. Brows and Brushes, Leather Goods, Drapery, Tailors Goods, Groceries, Butchers Meat, Officers Joints, Flour and Oatmeal, Fish and Ice. Bread tor Cottage Hoenes, Wines and Spirits, Sweeping Chimneys, and MAIO Officers' Uniforms; Three Months (pending a contemplated changed method of delivery). Coal and Slack for the Work- house, Six Months for Padgate Cottage Homes ; the Tenders for fuel must specify the pit and seam from which It will be supplied. Hach Contractor most be prepared to enter (If required) Into security for the due performance of contract. Forms of Tender and instructions to persons tendering (which must be strictly complied with) and all other parti- culars may be obtained from the Master at the Workhouse and from the Superintendent at the Cottage Homes respectively. The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the loweil or any Leader. All Contract accounts will be paid quarterly. 4ealed tenders duly endorsed must reach me at my office not later than Tuesday, September oth, at 4 p.m. By Order, J. C. SUTTON, Bewsey Chambers, Clerk to the Guardians. Warrington August 9th, 1905.

DIARRHOEA. DURING THE LAST HALF-CENTURY EVERY- ONE TRAVELLING IN HOT CLIMES HAS MADE A POINT OF CARRYING SOME DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, Si) AS TO BE IN A POSITION TO IMMEDIATELY STOP AN ATTACK OF DIARRHOEA, DYSENTERY, oa CHOLERA. Hot weather in the British Isles strikes suddenly, and everyone should take a little precaution. Don't wait till you actually need the Chlorodyne ; yoa might be dtiven to sending a careless messenger for the medicine you require, who might aczept a substitute. YOU WANT DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORPDYNV.

LEACH, 24 AND 26, E HUDEHLLL, • MANCHESTER, MARES A SPHOIALITY OF FLOOR-COVERING, HIGH-CLASS CARPETS BY ALL THE BEST POSSIBLE MAKERS. MADE TO FLA.N OR SQUARE. CORK CARPETS, LINOLEUM, INLAIGS, OILCLOTHS, ETC. EXPERIENCED PLANNERS AND FITTERS ANY DISTANCE.

SIXPENCE PER WEEK. BBAUTIFUL AXMINBTBE PILB HEARTH RUGS (f;x3 ft.) Quality 1 ... 14/- Deposit 2/- per month „ 2 ... lr/6 2/6 2/- 3 ... £I/6- „ Quality 2 and 3 have • Heavy Woollan Backs,, No. 3is the finest qaality pile rug made. 2/- In the pound allowed for cash. Bend Deposit to-day. Small rugs can be had. Carriage allowed on all goods. BAH WILSON, TBAbl TR/MINIUM. BAILEY.

GHE OOD-BYE TO T DENIIST ! NO MORE TOOTHACHE OR EXTRACTION PAXOL (.ASS AN XMINENT PHYSICIAN) " iltitantly Curet the most desperate case of toothache and saves extraction." QUITE mAGICAL—wHI.L OnTH A SHII4LING A DROP. BEND IS. 3D. TO PAXOL UO., DUFFIELD, DERBY.

S Y MON 'S g ADYR, MADE FROM RIPE A PPLEA, THE BEST FOR BOTTLING AND DRAUGHT. IS REFRESHING AND DELICIOUS. OBTAINABLE AT ALL THE BEST WINE MERCHANTS, OR Or JOHN SYMONS AND CO, LTD., FRUIT MILLS, TOM'S, DEVON, AND EATCLIFF, LoNDON,

FOR HONK THAN TWHNTY YEARS THOIJnAND9 OF LADD'S HAVit DERIVBD GILLIAN HISNHFIT FROld DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FBMALE PILLS, HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A 800 N TO WOMANKIND • They are the best known Remedy for Anaemia. Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id.. Is. lid., 2s. 9d•. 4s. 6d. and Ila. May be had from ail Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the proprietors. Only addres : 309, PONTOBELLO-11041D, NOTTING HILL. LONDON.

SOMETHING WORTH KNOWING. SOMETHING WORTH TRYING. "THE HERALD" KITCHEN RANGES. "THE PEVERIL " FIRE GRATES. SOLII AGENT: J. S. GARLAND, FURNISHING AND BUILDERS IRONMONGER, 51, 53 & 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

_HOLIDAY, BUSINESS, AND MOURNING SUITS DIRECT FROM OUR OWN WORKS, THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 & RD, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIALITIES IN JUVENILES', YOUTHS', & MEN'S SUITS. STYLE AND VALUE UNSURPASSED.

SMIITH & WALKER, (LATE HOLMES AND BOOTH). MARKET-GATE, WARRINGTON, TAILORS AND BREECHES MAKERS, ARE NOW SHOWING NEW AND EXCLUSIVE CLOTHS FOR THE bUMMER SEASON. LIVERIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. TELEPHONE 382 Y

J. & W. DUTTON'S SALE IS NOW PROCEEDING. GREAT REDUCTIONS IN PRICES IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. 16, 18 & 20 SANKEY ST. WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1638. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, "%Mills MAHER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Premed Pictures. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Ito. Terms Moderate A PINS COLLECTION OF PHOTOGRAPHS tor Crystoleum bud Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF GOLD ENRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In the 'Continental Galleries.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. ALL THE NEWEST DESIGNS FOR THE SEASON. SI'LENDID SELECTION OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S GOODS IN BROWN AND BLACK uLACE KID. GREAT VARIETY IN BOOTS AND SHOES FOR CYCLING, CRICKET, TENNIS, Sze. 'UNDER THE CLOCK.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS. j EWELLERS, SI LVBRSMITLES. AND DIAMOND MERCHAN TS DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER W4ICHES. AEL TEN IMaloDre SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY ON EVERT DESCRIPTION. 30 ro 50 PEE CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old aold and Silver Antiques, Diamondsletc., boAht orltakenkln exchange. Volley advance On Jawenety, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &a., to any amount at low mt.* ct Interest strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention TELEPHONE, 2081.

AbVANChs £3 TO £SOO.—UuNV PAY FligB As those Offices who ask for fses,will only packet your fee and refuse the advance. NO FEES OP ANY KIND CHARGED. NO dITRNTIES REQUIRED. NO liIiiPECT- ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFONWARD dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to Suit applicants. Apply and be Convinced to the—Manager, .3. CALVERT. CLAUGHTON CHAMBKRS,I. CLAUGHTON STREET opposite Dr. Knowles) ST, HELENS.

£lO, Xl5, .£2O. £25, . 9..SO.—ADVANUti ci MADH to ALL PHRSONts Wourfix of OEHDIT on NOTH of HAND ALONE, SPROIAL TIMMS FOR SHORT PBRIODS. NO DELAY. Visit made by our Manager on same yo application who will grant you the money AT ONOH satisfactory. NOTE THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 69, II AYDOCIC STREET NEAR Tan MARICBT PLACE BAHLHEITO

LOANS ORAINTKD ON THESE TERMS £5 TO £5OO. LOAN £5 REPAY £5 12s. 6(1. LOAN £lO REPAY £ll ss. Od. LOAN £2O REPAY £22 10s. Od. LOAN £3O REPAY £33 15a. Od. LOAN £6O REPAY £56 51. Od. LOAN £lOO REPAY £ll2 106. Od. Larger amounts in oroportlon. Call or write to W JACKSON, 70. PLYMOUTH-GROVE, MANC RESTER.

IMPORTANT TO BORROWBRS. NO FEES.—..£IO to £l,OOO Advanced, on day of application, for any purpose to all classes, on simple promissory note; no security; terms to suit borrowers ; low interest ; any distance ; our straightforward dealings and eesy terms are well known and recommended ; special rates for short periods ; cash advanced at b.orower's house It re- quired.—Apply in confidence, t,TANDARD LOAN COMPANY. 4, PARICHIt STRUM', wARRIIIGTON,

ASPATIGA (Cumberland), Grosvenor THNlPlifiatiOlf NOTHL. IPARTAIHNTS. Beautiful Scullery : Plano, rnevirratas terms.—Write for particulars TiIIcLAIID.—BUISH6LD JIGTHL. Lower Gardiner st , Doublin, fire minutes from orow-obannel boats. Central vomfortable, mocbsrate.- Mrs. ICranv. Pronrierress,

POR HU3H (for OLANI'd OAUSHWAY).—GoIf links, boating. fibfn, athing. Seaside, North Ireland ; dry, bracing atmosphere; atlantic breezes ; rooms, service. meals, 355. to 425, a week inclusive.—THE WRITE HOUSE HOTEI S. Portrosh, co. Antrim. Write for Booki t.

!FARMERS' ARMS 110TRL, PADGATB PARTIRS and CYCLISTS CATBRISD FOR. Good Billiard Room. large and small table. Good Bowling Green. Trains leave Central Station for Padgate afternoons at 12.:5. 1.01, 2.5, 5.55, 4.55, 5.31, 6.5, 7.10 Plenty of suitable trains for returning. -Joe. ROBERI'4. Proprietor.

DLACKPOOL.-BROOKLANDS BOARDIN.I IASTABLISH- -1) MhNT, 12,Tyldealey Terrace,Promenade. All windows overlook sea, three Phrs ; S.W. aspect. Drawing, Dining, Writing, Smoke rooms. re-furnished ; excellent cuisine ; terms moderate incluilve. lel. 0193. Telegraphia " Brook- lands, Blacktwil ''—H. W,E;Ehux. Proorietor.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE lICTELS LIMITHD. 34 TO 40 LUDGATI4 HILL. ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON ..QUAttli. HOME COMPORTS, OLF.ANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL YOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ABM if STWIT(. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most comfortable Family Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Boom, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 2i guineas per week, or 91. per day. according to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from ss. :table d'Hote at 6.6) o'clock For TARIM§ &0., SPPIY to W. H. PALUBB. FROPHIBTOR. _ . _ •

SOUFHPukT. HAYES'S REsTAIMANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38 CHAPEL :sTREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN, gHOIR PARTIEs PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST ISERE TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEsT ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

BLACKYOOL.—Dirs. ; Public and Private ; near sex; station.—l 49. LYTHAM RD., South Shore. BLACIEPOOL—PubIIe and Private APARTMSPTS ; PLIMMER, Hvd‘i Hnnow, 73, Reads rd

BLACK ?wt.—Mrs. GRIMBEIAW, 2, Belmont Villaa,South Shore; APARTIBItNTB and Promenade. lotetmped envelope for reply. HYL —Pnbllo or private APARTHTIRTS ; 3 mlnuta 8 atAtlon and sea.—Mrs. Moxot, Ashton House ,70 Wellington rd.,

1)3,A. OK POOL. home from home; public and privet ,1 APARTMER LS; central ; three minutes' walk sea Mrs. LAVCoCit, Osborne House, High at. SQOM-WORT. 23, H A RTWOOD RD.—Comfortable FOLI- HISHRD SITTINI34IOOII.I and Bedroom (front) in private house. Good bathroom ; tram route. T WMOII.-141,11,3 Holiday APA.IIIIIRIB73 for Working 14 People —Mrs. WRAY, 98. Breottnook road, Camden- road, now,. Ring's Cross. References if d.slred.

SOUTHPORT.— Front Slttingroom arid Double-bedded Boom, 155. week; Bedroom, large bed, two persons, 10s. week ; easy distance prom.-Dirs. JAkvta, 3o,ltailway terrace. NEW BNlGHTON.—ClornfortOln homely APARIIIIBITS ; terns moderate ; near sea and promenade ; park and amusements, &J.—Mrs. DELAY, 4, Birch Grove, Seabink- rti., Uscard.

GGIiNTLIMAN WANTS SILTING-K/0M and BNDSOOM In or near Warringiop ; Stook/on Heath neighbourhood plefetred.—Address. stating terms, to K.. " kaanainer Office. Warrington.

DLACKPOOL.—APAHTVIINTS s Bath. Wenn ; sea and 1-) OtOnleolde 2 min. ; bed and attendance for tsso pereons, 2a.—M's. A. BROADHURST, Harpurbey House, 33, Lonsdale rd.. South Shore.

T nue .Itting, two twd 11 rooms, bath ; golf !Inks within ttn,e mites ; unrivallel mountain and Ana atr.—Mrs. DELsoN, Fern Lea, Devonanire terraee, Kirby-In-Furness.

LAKH DISTRIDT.-00rafortable APAR MONTS for August and September. Sitting and bedrooms. Terms moderate. Piano. Mrs. BODOsON, Kinross House, Words- Worth it., Keith Ick. HOUSBS in Wales. Furnished and Uniernished Businesses, Au. Llandrindod Wells. Bulltb Wells Mid Wales, and Borderland,—Particulars, G. GRIFFITHS Standard ' Agency. Liandrinend Wells.

SOUTHPORT.—The Osborne 20, Promenade ; euperior APAHTUBNTe, board If required; finest possible, close to all amusements, an 3 Railway Station ; piano, bath, we. every &bar ; beds from 25.6 d. per night—Mrs. MARSHALL.

I Good Starch is pure Starch I unmixed, unadulterated starch; starch free from china clay and other foreign in- gredients. Absolute purity is guaranteed with every packet of I I Sold in t lb., 3 lb., I lb., ant i..?nry CARDBOARD 110X.E3. ......---, See that Colman's I tc name is on the box. , ,0 14, 't I. s I‘..- .•4° ~

. In summer time, parents often notice their children are not making steady progress. The colour fades from little cheeks, steps lag and appetites becomes ti ckl e. Peptulaxa restores wightness and health in such ases, and imparts an appetite 3 the youngest infant and the rowing child, while feverish- - Total 114 155 is dispelled and teething oubles disappear. Sr. JAMES' V. LATCHFORD BAPTESTS.—PIayed at Mrs. Alexander, Birch House, •Wilderspool, on Saturday. Score:— -\ ictoria-crescent, Barn s 1 ey, : ST. JAMES' BAPTISTS' !rites P. Tole c Sherratt b Haves c Minards b "I have a daughter, Dorothy, , Grine 'd• Cartwright c and b Jos. Whittle c and b ~,;:- :'-.1:„.. rorn birth. She suffered acutely Grice 1 Wrigh vhen teeth „...ing.aThe child made ~ , -,,.. .1\ '• 11. Minards c Callon W. Grounds c Hackney ~. m progress whatever. Her , . ~ „ b Grim) ..,stomach was so weak that 1 • Hackney b Cummings 11 Sherratt b Groarke .hardly knew how to keep her .'-". J. Mee c Sub. b Cum- P. Grice lbw b Heesom 1. ' s'alive, and t felt worn out with minas 0 J. C. Callon b Eleesom 0 "J.anxiety. Your Peptolaxa tablets A. Todd b Stowell 0 J. Stowell b Heesom 2 have, however, done wonders A. Grainger lbw b Cum- W. Cummings not out 2 DORM= ALEX ANL- , Mings SH. Shakeshaft c and b (.6rom a Photograph.l for her. She is now able to . run about in the fresh air, ''• Groarke b Stowell 3 Heesom 1 whereas before, I dare not let her out of the house. ,P• Heesom b Stowell ... 0 S. Jordan c Hackney b ' it seems too good to be true. A tablet of Peptolaxa ". Wright b Grounds... 4 . Groarke 0 now and then keeps my little one regular. A. Green not out Groarke Extras ' peptolaxa ....,1..... FOR i-VACS AND CHILDREN ~' Cie AEDIAN" v. Tire BARRACKS.—This match was is gentle and cooling in action. Teething without P'aYed at the Barracks, and ended in a draw after an tears ischooldaTs without sickness. Sample sent free by . . vex Citing game. Score:— , Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn-via,luct, London. " GUARDIAN." BARRACKS. Sold ails. 11d. at all branches of Boots',Caell Chemists. 'C. Bnrrell not out l2 Day b Woodhead 1 ' • 4. Woodhead bB. Day— 4 Howard run out ... ..... 3 C. Gelderd o Porter: b ' Lieut. Hall at Davies THE SOUTHPORT RAILWAY DISASTER. Hall •Clarlre b Day 0 Poole b Woodhead 5 ,Ii .7. Fell c Emmett b Hall 6 llevain b Burrell 0 Touching Letter. W. I raddock ran out 2 Prvt. Smith St. Davies . . . , Vt• navies b Hall Hall ) -i• Gibson I , 10 Dr. Smith run out 3 The following letter has been addressed by the Rev. `'• F orster c Porter b Emmett b tsurrell Hall : i• Dring not out 2 Lieut. Hester b Burrell 14 on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Electric Railway at ci• Newton b Hall 0 Porter not out Extras , "I do not know you, but I can guess what you are - Total 4B Total 4B suffering. I write to express my sympathy. Your ' mistake has sent from my dear wife and me our first- ; , GRAPPENHALL 2ND V. ARLEY.—Played at Grappeu- aali born son, and our hearts are sad and sore. But it was a , on Saturday. Score : mistake: we all make mistakes; they are easy to make, J x, ARLEY. GRAPPENHALL. and I want you to know that in our sore hearts there is • , •Smith lbw b Hallows 1 W. Wicks b Chiddick 0 Dr. Love b Hallows Please aczept these words in their fullest meaning from 0 . p. Smith lbw Hallows Bridge b Hallows . :,"'• Chiddick b Hallows 0 D. Maile hH. Smith 3 —o, ' "•riughes c Wicks b Slack 0 A. Slack bH. Smith 0 COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to " Kemp's Grillin b Hallows OR. Hallows c Cowburn Mercantile Gazette," the total number of Commercial ' . Cowburn b Hallows • Coppank I, Hillows... 3. S. Jenkins b H, Smith 21 week ending Friday, August 4th, was 185, viz. :—New .t,'• Hubbard not out '• Goarnan c Hallows b J. Peters b H. Smith 0 Gazette:, 97; deeds of arrangement registered, 88. The Slack 0 A. H. Itathbone b A. respective numbers in the corresponding week of last Cowburn ,‘. M. Callender b H 72—total 150; being an increase of 33. The total Smith ' Extras 1 Extras recorded in the corresponding 31 weeks of last year was Total

The members of the Runcorn Board of Guardians spent some considerable time at their meeting on Tues- day discussing a scheme for extensive alterations to the Workhouse at Dutton and for the erection of new buildings. Mr. A. R. Norman preaided,nd a there were present Messrs. C. Roylance, J. Bolshaw, H. Eyes, G. Egerton Warburton, J. Stokes, A. Broom, T. Baxter, C. E. Linaker, J. H. DaViPfl, 3. Smith, T. Wright, T. Guest. S. Woodward, G. Pilling, J. Fryer. J. Spruce, S. Taylor, P. Collins, J. Donglas, J. W. Temperley, .J. Ratter, .1. Hallows, ,T. Whitley, W. Weir, T. Antwis. Admiral Jones Pat ry and Messrs. W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), Riley, De Prez, and Pearson (relieving officer). PROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE WORKHOUSE. Messrs. Wm.. and Seger Owerearchitects, IVarrington, wrote enclosing plans of the Workhouse antlethe Infir n- ary buildings for consideration in Connection with the promised alterations and additions to the Workhouse and also plans of the alterations and additions. They stated that the Guardians considered the old fever hospital and the late married couple's 'quitters were in such a ruinous condition and so obsolete in arrange- merit that it would be wisest to take there doyen using the ground as a kitchen garden and drying ground. The morteary should he removed to another position when the position of the nurses home and maternity ward ; were fixed. They considered the decision to take down ! the old buildings a wise one. They showed on the plan the position in which the nurses home should stand and the accommodation it should provide. Accommodation for six nurses was recommended. It as thought that there should be two committee rooms and a relieving officers' room. They showed in plan how the girls' school on the ground floor could b i e made into a large committee room and the present com- mittee room divided so as to form a small committee room and a room for the relieving officers. The latter could also be used as the masters office, the present office to be taken into the stores department as a sewing room. The greatest pressure on the aocommo- dation of the House was in the men's dormitory. The boys dormitories were never fully occupied. A satis- factory alteration could be made by tatting from the letter sntficient space for the accommodation of another 20 men and a smaller part from the men's dormitory to pro- vide accommodation for flve boys a sittiee room and bed- room for the industrial trainer who at present had only one room. They further showed how a new maternity ward could be added to the women's wing. A number of minor alterations were recommended. The total , estimated cost was £2,245. Mr. Woodward said the committee which had been appointed had gone carefully into the matter and had reduced the estimated cost tAL2,018.18. They especially ' considered the suggestion of IL M. Inspector.l , Mr. Haney, with reference to the foul ward, . and he was bound to say they did not agree with the suggestion. Mr. Dancy suggested the cutting off of two ventilating lobbies between the foul ward and the main building, The committee were how- ever of opinion that it was not in the interest of the health and comfort of the departments affected to those ventilating lobbies should be done away with, and suggested their being re-instated. That he believed would mean som a little increase in the cost of the alteration. He understood Mr. Dency had been strongly condemning the Board or its committees for spending too much money, but he would like to point out that Mr. Dancy's suggestions with regard to the alterations had largely increased the cost of the work. He moved the adoption of tke report of the committee. Mr. Pilling seconded. Mr. Spruce said the cost of the propesed nurses home —£l,ooo—seemed to be very high. The committee con- tetnplated an expenditure of between £aoo and £7OO. Mr. Norman said that with regard to the nurser. home ' they were looking ahead, but he did not think they were wise in looking quite so far in the future. He hoped the number of inmates would not go on increas- ing to such an 'extent that they would have to double their staff. Mr. S. Woodward said they must remember that the accommodation for the nurses was altogether inefficient. If they had to make increased accommodation he did rot think it wise for them to restrict themselves to the requirements of the moment. He could assure the Board he was not in favour of spending money if he could avoid it. The Chairman : If the children are boarded out will it make any difference? Mr. Woodward : Not in this particular case. The Chairman : everything points to the fact that sooner or later the children will have to be taken from the House. Mr. Spruce moved that the report referring to the nurses home be referred back for he purposes of a reduction being made. In his judgment £7OO should be ample, Mr. Woodward: Mr. Spruce is a member of the com- mittee, and so far as I understand he agreed with the report. Mr. Spruce: I was not at the last meeting of the mittee. At a former meeting it was felt that £7OO would be ample. Mr. Seger Owen explained that buildings cost more at Dutton on account of the isolated situation. The actual cost would probably be less than the esti- mate. He did not think the accommodation was any- thing like too much.' Mr. Baxter said the question was as to whether it was necessary to e'-dye so much accommodation. He regarded £l,OOO as too high a figure. Mr. Hallows did not see that it Was necessary to spend £l,OOO on a building to accommodate four purees and a servant. He thought they should be able to build a suitable house for R6OO or £7OO. Admiral Jones Parry said the question of the accom- modation of the nurses. had been constantly before the Board. The inefficient state of the present accommoda- tion was one of the reasons why they could never get nurses to stay. They had spent enough money on advertisements for nurses to pay for the building. Mr. Owen said the plans were of the plainest possible description and allowed for two rooms IS feet by 15 feet, a kitchen 12 feet by 10 feet and scullery Su:. The kitchen accommodation was sufficient for a small enlargement of the staff but if the staff wns increased to ten nurses it would have to be increased. The Chairman: Would it not be possible to put up a smaller building which could easily be extended? Mr. Owen: This building is being put up with that idea. The Chairman paid he thought it building to accom- modate the present staffwvould be sufficient. Mr. Linaker said it appeared to him that the only exception to the plans seemed to be tbe nurses home, and he believed the home could be erected according to the plans submitted for a figure approaehing that men- tioned by Mr. Spruce. He thought the committee had acted quite wisely in its decision. Mr. Antwis : Is this alteration being undertaken with the idea of keeping the nurses better than we have done in the past ? Mr. Norman : That is one of the objects. The chief trouble seems to be on account of the isolatei position of the workhouse. Mr. Antwis : It strikes me if we want to keep the nurses we will have to go nearer Frodsham or War- rington. The Chairman t The Clerk has suggested that we should lay the plans before the Local Government Board as if there was any extravagance they would keep it down. Ido not think they would. Mr. Roylancs pointed out that from time-to time' there had been serious complaints about the accom- modation for the nurses being inseicient. ST. HELENS COLLIERY FATALITY. Mr. Hallows : Bat rarely you don't want to ju ap About eight o'clock on Wednesday morning ashocking from one extreme to the other accident occurred at Sutton Heath Colliery, St. Helens Mr. Pilling said that in different parts of the country —William Burrows, aged forty-eight, of Baden Pe the accommodation for the nurses was being extended Cottages, Itainhill, went to work with James Byron, of on an elaborate scale and unless they followed to some Prescot. They found that in the drawing road near extent in the same direction they would never be able their writking place a bar had been broken during the to keep their ptirse. No nurse with any nursing science week-end, and thoy set to work to make the place safe, would think of staying at Dutton for is week under the putting in a new prop. Whem they were clearing up present conditions of accommodation. He was there- the debris the roof suddenly came down and broke the fore bound to support the scheme. timbers, and buried Burrows. Byron immediately got Mr. Hallows : The ratepayers will not support you. assistance, and the man was got out, taut, was dead. Mr. Pilling : r cannot help that I am bound to support what I think is only right. The Chairman suggested they should provie.e for their present staff. When a u increase Wai necessary ,they DEATH OF MR. 13:Incas:J.., S.r. HELENS. could extend the ground floor. aclpCouncillorioolat e seven Burchall, of St. Helens, died at tiMpro. n Lainvaokteer b:eiTn gh That taken nn not ,avaoshdenepci decided dy 'cluck on Wednesday evening. Mr. matter back to the committee for further consider- Borchelt was about sixty seven years of age, and he had ation. to refer rebileirlditnigie Blackpool for many years been one of the Chief representatives of the Roman Catholic community on the Town Councilao.ll.elnrd. Gm e. nPti .iansgapnolienrt,ehde r :fitthtehactottrihmeititienaev. erltof hwatsae and the magisterial bench. Ia 1801 his services on the farce that a gentleman should be a member of a corn- Pre.scot Board of Guardians were recognised by his ider- mittes and then go against the decision of that being appointed chairman of the board. For a cons committee, able time ha was the leader of the Liberal party in the Mr. Spruce explained that owing to other engage- WWII.

, FOR WORMS IN CHILDREN If your chiikl is dull, drowsy and colour- less, occasionally has an abnormal 1 appetite and also has an offensive breath, i it is almost a sure sign of intestinal or 1 thread worms which may easily and safely be got rid of by using KL.:TING'S WORM TAB LETS. .41 all Chemists, TIV, per tin. , USE KEATING'S WORM TABLETS. L_ _

FRIOC Astrological Reading, wh my marvellous kook. 7d.—PSYCRO' 9. Westmoreland rd., Newcastle. Northumberland. MOTHERS TAKE NOTICE that " ON.R.P." kills all. nits sod vermin, never fails ; large tin, ivot free 5} from J. A nAKES WeViriOnth

“Vir, ATRIMONIAL POST.” sealed envelope sd, with 111 circular 9d.—EDITOR, let, Trafalgar But dings, London. Etablished quarter century, distance immaterial ; copy stamp. WE WANT TO FILL YOUR PURSII. Catalogues free. VY Marvellous bargains. Clothing. Bopts, Jewellery, Cutlery —Jacom, Celebrated Pawnbrokers, Po•ter st., Newport, Mon.

ARTS. WARTS, WARTS, " wARro tiIIiTMNW" VT will 0,3-0 wartsond that's wart (what) you want to. per boa po.t free, from The QutifTote COMPANY, 74, Ramsey street, Sear °rough.

r " Medway ;' Canoe.— Well built. strung. light, durable 1. perfectly safe end speedy, price £6 10s., including paddles. —Full partic3lars and photographs of CORNICK BROS., Bolt Builders, Thribridee.

A RE YOU TROUBLED with mUPEttIeUOUi HAIR? ilk Dont despair, Get Hairpow "at onee. It will remove It without pain Post free 3s.—Tbe QUINTON CoN( PANY, 74 Ramsey street, iEcarborough.

yousa WIDOW must sell teatrlful goid-eased Curb Bracelet, set 3 tarquoise,lin velvet case 75. 6d. ; Moon- stone Chain 15. 6d. ; money returned If not satlalled.—Mrs. DAwRoN, 80 HI vh road, Hereford.

ri UN (Bargain) Double breeeh-loader,iatest improvements. 131" (jolts new, 12-bore ar action rebounding locks, well finished and nicely brim:mei. splendid killer ; approval, 356 —SPORThMAN. Tudor rt.. Werth'.

-- ETBSIGHTLY SPOTS ON MA.CH POSIIIVKLY OLSARBD ; no lotions or medicines whatever; treatment simple ; but certain ; sole cost instructions. Is. 6d. Write HUDSON, 63, Holme Mount, Bradt nd.

PXCIAL PURCHASES.— 20 135 yards finest Scotch Zephyrs, checks. stripes, suitable for dresses, shirts, blouses, at about half-price; all 6d. per yard.—Send for patterns to WILLIam HULIVE, Lfd , Southport.

CIAMBRAB. Itversthing Photc;grapnie. Cheapest house V in the trade ; send 2d. stamps for 160 pp. catalogue. Worth Is. as book of reference. Kverything guaranteed.— APPLEToN. Kentish Corner. Tunbridge Wells.

RTTING .RTTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, 11 Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description TErOMAB Jorursores, Net Warehouse 38 Corporrtion-street, Manchester.

THOUSICHS. with back pockets. 2s. a pair, 15,000 by post 2s. 4d. ; Wholesale. 2ls doz. ; state waist aitd leg ; money returned ; Stalls In all mark ets.— ANSCOMD. Trouser King, 14. London rO., London. S.I.

QLUG DEATH I—Marvellous Discovery ; instant sleath to LI all insects. Will act as a powerful fertiliser without Injuring the tenderest vegetation.—Post free, ls 3d. per tin, of W. 3 DAwsoN lz Co.. 26 Thane Villas, London, N. Try it.

peINTY PRBSBNTS for Lles ad Manicure Set. heautlfnilv designed. rnnunte.i with lovely green stones, le. 61.; Celluloid Trinket Bok, untftral.lo.ble Silver- plated Idounte, le.— Fronosov, 23. Ricunn4 Avenu A, Leeds

UNAMBLLIID IRON Aci,ertising Plates, Van Plates, F-chs. ac. tinamelled Copper Letters of every descrip- tion. Swing Signs a speciality. Any design. size, or colour requit,4l. Moderate prices.—Rosa Co., 23. Countess rd , London, N.W.

T ANCHRS, Caledonians Waltz Cotilon, Quadrille as ttught by the Imperial Society of Dance leachers. 4to copy of each dance post free 6d., Is. 6d. the set teachers trained—Write DiIMnIffiTR.LTOR, 2, Bonverie rd., bloke Newington. London. N.

GARD NS RODS & STAKCS.— !Setter value than ever. Price ne; 100, 2fl, long. 64. aft. Bin. long, 104 ; 411. long, ls. ; 4ft. 61n. long, extra strong, is. 64. Carriage paid on 10s. lots. Lists free. We arty competition.—PATßlCX Boni. Sawmills, 011. y, Yoke•

O 8111 SOL D.—Farciworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works. lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requirinc space.—Address J. HOIKING, 18 Fenwiek-street. Liverpool.

stone COD. LlNti. HADOGOICS, 10a. 1 7 atone Plaice, IZ. ; Headless Haddocks. Is. 4d. per stone ; Salt Cod, 28. per stone ; Finneye, 3. per stone; Kippers and Bloi.terb, 28. 61. per boa ; Oysters, 6.. per 121 ; bass of selected Fish, 2s. 64. ; Red Herrings, 2s. 6d. per box.-I..se Y ft Sox, Fish Dom. Grimsby.

66 / ALAGBEL" RAZORS ARE TEE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WAREANTISD, POST FREE 2* 6d., 38., 48. 6D., AND ss. 6D .1. 0. DoDD. 10. ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. El•LEII INCRICABING DAILY.

LIICTRA FIND WHITS HEATRiskt PLANTS. ls each in bloom.—WAt. PHILLIPS. Kirkbride, Cumberland. CIGAR BANDS for Decorative Purposes •, samples (60 all different), four stamps.—E. KoE,Cigar Merchant Slough.

NGLAND'S Greatest Athlete confldectly recommends • Warren's hational Phssieal Culture. COMriete Ir- structor. —Post free 7d. from P. 417.01REN, Alierley Edge. Manehester.

CIANNAGE BD.—Myatt's Offenham, earliest and best for market ; also Mein's No. 1, Leeds Market, Man- chester Market and other varleties.—GEOßGE STARKEY, seedsman. Mark et place, Warrington.

UREEHOLD FARM by seaside. near Lowestoft. 17 sores, cottage and buildings, good water, price C 535, stamped addressed envelope for particulars.—HuCKLE, 412 London Id., South Lowestoft.

VANCY RUPOSITORY FOR DISPOSAL in principal street _1.2 of manufacturing town. Good living accommodation. Double honied shop. Perticul,rs on application.—MAsom, 225, Stamford it.. Ashton-under-Lyne.

BARTOIS and CONFRCTIONRRS, x £230. For Sale, 9i Sacks at Sid. ; Shop Trade £5 to £7 ; Stock, Fittings' Utensils, Horse, Cart, and Barrow. Rent, £36. Must sell: ill beaIth.—SISRLLING'S, Wealdstone.

CIENUINK.—A good CONIMLITIoNNEy .od MIXED BUSINHSS, near large mule; room for Improvement; sales £ll to £l2 weekly, cash, no credit trade ; Shaw district ; valuatton.—Y. A. IiARNSHAW, 67, stanley it.. Rochdale.

COACHBUILDBIL WHBEGWRIGHT and 81HI1'ard old- established and good paying BUSINESS to be Disposed of. with Freehold Workshop and Property ; main road ; centre of Cheshire town, close to Manchester; every assist- ance will be given.—Addrese, Box W. A., 0 Examiner Office, Warrington.

rllO Bit SOLD. cheap. 16 Engine COVkIRS.—JosEnt 1. BULLOCK, Hindley Train Depot, Wigan. SIIVIIN Vertical BOILERS, for !Cabs. pressure, cheap.— JOSEPH BULLOCK, Hindley Train Dept, Wigan.

To BB SOL°, cheap. a Five-ton Overhead STBAM 111AVBLLING CRANE, 60-ft. ran, in good working order.—Apply CO JAMES WEBSTER & BROTHER, Bootle,L'poot

VOR SALE OR EXCHANGE, large quantity Brick Machinery and Plant, any reasonable terms. Plastic machines, • Bradley & Craven,' 3 engines, Concrete Mixer, /cc , &e., DURANT RrickWOrkg NOrthRtrICAOT

IT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE to BUY YOUR LUBRI- CANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-CLASS NON- CORROSIVE largest sale in the world. ENGINE OIL, 110.. CYLINDER OIL, 11.0., MACHINERY OIL lld., SPINDLE OIL, 91., GAS ENGINE OIL, Is. 6d., DYNAMO OIL, is. 6d. per gallon; in barrels, free and carriage paid.— RELIANCE LUf4tICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 slid 20. Water lane, Great Tower at , London. HO Also 99, Great C'yde mt., Glasgow; I Sandhill,Quayslde,Newcastle-on-lyne

_ pATHET OF FIC A fl ANORBC3TER RESTABLISRED fg 1835. Messrs. a 11013138 DAVIES & SON hare ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establisb• ment. end posses s practiaalkno wledge of the cotton,woollef awl iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law.' Prlue 6d. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price Is. OMONOM DAVINS, 0.14, & SON. P.1.P.A., M.S.& 4. 9T. ANN'S 910WAR14. MANCHRSTICR

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMIT 61) (late Ormerod, Grierson and Co.), Huirue. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTRIMS in the trade. In addition have purchase.l all Wheel, Prliey and Tooth Block Patterns &a., telonglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London road iron Works, Manchester, ann are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and !all kirds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and vulley Patterns on applicatioh. NT., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address " Ormerod Gm.rion. Manchester'.

()SALS, MARI!. 15 twirls ; Liverpool Gig, Four-wheel Dole Car. Harness, Riding Saddle, and all Contents of Stable.—For partioulara apply kr. ALBERT G. Witusail, Marple.

ROUGH COATHD COWLS DOG eight months old over Distemper and well grown Sable and White And the beet of Pedigree, very affectionate,—Apply WILLIAMS, Moss tide, near Lytham. UOll SAL% smart TURNOUT; black Cob, 15 bands, 8 1: years, quiet and steady in harness : pass all traffic; Silver-mounted Hamad, Stylish Gig, rubber tyres.—Mr HUNTER. Vitriol square, Rarlestown.

1101IGS.—R. AU OHTON and t3ONS, Farmers. etc., Bourn C A mbridgeshire, can always supply fast growing PIGS torn 15e, to 40a each. Carriage paid. Cash with Order. Bankers; London and County, at. Neots.

I I HitIiNGHOCERS AND OTHHH3.—Smart Welsh Cob, 5 13. years; warrant same sound, quiet and a good workers. any trial to good home befere purchase ; light Cart and Harness almost new; lot £8 Lis or scparate ; real bargnin• must sell at once—Apply 33, STOCK STRKE off Lord street, l'heetharn 11111 roact. near Cheetham Town Hall, and Corporation street, Manchester.

PRNKLITH.—GOOD HOUSHS WITH GAROHNS, 33. 9d. per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. Also Semi-detached House, Chanel-rotd, rant £l4. IVY LODGIC.FROGHALL LASH. rerlu.ed rent. SMALL WORKS, LATCHFORD, 5 minutes from War- ington Bridge rent 7e. 6d. week. 61. CATHRFAN ft ST.. 6 roomed house, rent as. week. LABURNUM VILLA, FROGIHALL LAN% reduced rent. Apply ItortEßT Lowx, Mutate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War- rington. Telephone—No 66.

rro LEI' 17, FOLLY LANH,—Apply WrIOD4 & SON A Solicitors. HOrienuuket Street, Warrington. j'IHIP AND FISH SHOP TO IBT. Cheap, if taken at once.-18. PEDDER STREET, Mnrecambe.

To LET GOOD BOLTS% Parker street. rent 355. month J. clear.—Apply WOODS & corr, Solicitors, Warrington. T. MARY'S STKEET, LATCHFORD.-4HOP 10 LET, CI every convenience; rent moderate.—J. LIiNT, Bridge Pont, Warrington. MO LET. good HOUQR In Derby-street. rent 4s. 64 ; also one oft Beweey-road, rent 45. 6d.—Apply WOODS & SON, bOlteltOFF, Warrington.

TTNUTSFORD ROAD. To be let DWRLLING ROUSH con.atnlng two sitting rooms kitelvn, ocullery. 4 bed- rooms and bathroom. Rent £l6.—Apply J. Misr, Bridge foot, Warriogton,

QTOCKTON HEATH.—TO BE LET Dwelling house eon taming 2 sittingrooms, kitchen, so iltery, 4 bedrooms, bathroom, etc. ; within 2 minutes of oar terminus ; rent £lB, —Apply J. LUNT, Bridge Foot, Wartlngton.

BELMONT, LATCHFORD.—To be Let DWELLING 110USIG containing 3 sitting rooms. kitchen, scullery ; 6 bedrooms, bathroom. garden. greenhouses acc. Rent m derate_Appls, J. LUNT, bridge foot. W%rrington,

G°"D CHANCEL—TO LEtT HOUSS AND SHOP 36 Lodge Lane, Liverpool ; busy thoroughfare ; would suit any businma. First time emoty tor many yeare.—Apply 79, TUNINFL ROAD, !Mucha!, Liverpool,

\MOBS to be Le. over Ueion Bank, Sankey Street, Warrington ; light and airy ; fire 'dee., and electriø lights in each ro.m.—Apply J. eIYDLOW, eitate and bueinees agent, Union Bank-buildings, Warrington.

DUNELNI, LIVERPOOL. ROAD, GRBAT SANKEY. IMPORTANT SALE OF HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE JOHN MAGINN has been IN:TKUOTED by the EXICCUTORS of the Late JOI,N DIGNUM, Bag. .—TO SBLL by AUCTION without reserve on THURS- DAY, AUGUST 17th, 1905, at the above address, the whole of the Household Furniture and effects .—Consisting of Dining lioom. Drawing Room and Kitchen Furniture. bide- hoards, Labinets, Dining Room Suite, Drawing Room Suite, Plano, Ac., dm Bedroom stands, Wardrcoes, Bram. and Iron Bedsteads. Wire Mattresses, Wool Mattresses, Feather Beds, Bedding, AC • AS. Carpet. an I Floor Covering, Fire Brasses Pictures Clocks and Ornaments, China, Crucke y and Cookiug Utensils, Sewing Machine, Wringing Machine. Ace , Ac. Everythi. g to be sold without reserve. For fell particulars see Sills. Goods on view on Morning of Sale Sale to commence at 1 o'clock prompt. The above address is 3 minutes wart from Sankey Statlin

ROBERT L9WE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, VALUER Office and Salerooms: NO. I, BANK-MEET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 65. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED POR SALE. New ad cond-band Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection Invited Furnittne, to.. warenc..sed, _

pIiKt•IIIRK-WINCH A Al HALL, Lomtock Gralam. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FO( GI Large Mansion and Playing Fields, Excellen6 Resident Staff. Great successes recent Examinations. 50 Certificates gained last Term. AUTUMN TERRI begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references, views, from PARICRQ. Prinningl.

mR. ERNEST WILKNS, Protessor of Itinste,Orootet and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTHR- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Corttliaates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three—manual organ for pupils' praotioe.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANS Warrineton.

OIJTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL, Scarisbrick .7 New-road. One of the LARGEST PRIVATES SCHOOLS In the North of England. Staff Includes a 13:A., a B.Sc., and an OfScler d Academie etc. Language., Science and Commercial subjects at Inclusive fees. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., P.R.G.S.. Head Master.

HIGH SCHOOL, 23, WILSON-PATTIOI STREE r, WARRINGTON.—THE MISSES PARTISGTON (Cer- tificated Oxford Higher Local, Trinity College, London, etc.) Preparations for Examinations optional ; 30 succes.es during one year.—NRXT TEEM WILL COMMENCE TOMO IY, SEPTEMBER 19th, 1905. Prospectuses. testimonials, etc., on application,

M. A. IV C S T GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FER, £4 P. PRIt TERM. N.B.—Boys entering over 14 vears of age pay £5 ss.per term, Tflti NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, SEPT. 19Tn. Entrance Examination. MONDAY, SHPT. 18th, at 9 a.m. p£OSPECTOSES, forms of application ac., may be had at the echool. The boarding house In connection with the school is situated In Higher Broughton The Art School Evening Classes re-open on Monday. September 25th. A class for ladies and teachars is atso held on Saturday mornings. OWEN W. COX. Receiver.

WARRINGTON GIiAMM AR tiCLIOOL -THE NEMT TIMM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY. bll3 PTISM EOM lgra. The JIHAD MASTRR will be at the Satool ti Inter- view ptrents on VOIDNFESDAY, SIIPTIIMBIS3 13th, from 11 to 1 and 3 to 5. NRW PHYsIOS AND CHEMICAL LABORATORIB3, LROTURR ROOM, ito. PRIICARATORY FORM for boys from 8 tq 12 years of age PROSPROTUS AND SCHOOL LIST oN APPLICATION.

rro BS SOLD, cheap. 16 Tram Oar BODINS ; 30) Tram 1 SEATS. suitable for cricket fields, etc.—JosEPa Bula.oun, liindley Tram Depot, Wigan. IV4 UST SULL,Six nearly new Gents' and Lady's OICCUCS. LTI as new from 358. to £3 10s. ; Motor Cycle. .3i h.p., £2B, or near offers ; Tricar, 4, w. corled 2 Speeds. open Frame. Wheel Steering. £b6.—LIONLIFFE. 115 a. Church et., Preston.

BAJIGAIN,—Gent's Higts-wrade Coventry Machine, per- fectly new, not soiled ; best tyres and tubes ; plated rims, free wheel, rim brake, gas lamp, and accessories ; sao.hice, £3 93. 6d. ; approval willingly. —T. HUSBAND. Clairgrove Hon 9P, Asbcom barñ.. W egon-stiner-14,,re,

STARTLING FACD:.-GENBINE OFFER. I Cash. per month Royal Falcon Cycles £6 10s. or £7 10e. at 81. Royal Falcon Cycles £8 Bs. „£9 9s. „ Bs. Royal Falcon Cycles,2 speed gear £8 lUs. £9 10s. „8. Rudge-Whitworth Standard £7 154. „ £8 15s. „ Be. Rudge-Whitworth Speclals £lO Os. „ £ll Os „ Bs. Swifts Specials £7 15s. „ £8 15s. „ 81. Sunbeam Royals £l6 16s. £l7 17s. 15s NOTE :—CHALLINOR OFFERS To ALL BUYERS OF CYCLES by deferred payments that in case of slckntss or out of work payments may be suspended. NO COLLECTOR'S EMPLOYED. NO SELLING OF ACCOUNTS TO MONEY LENDERS AND OTHERS. DEAL ONLY WITII CHALLINOR, 100-102 BRADSHAW GATE BOLTON. LISTS FREE. SELLING AGENTS WANTED

TNDIGBiTION.-Bufferers can have recipe of Bngland's leading physician for Is. Id., cured thousands ; genuine. -W. TOPHAM, 25 Lidget Plan., Bradford. UDR RHEUMATISM and GOUT, try Buoklaw's Health 1: Tea ; sure onre ; post paid for Is. lid. ; write ti-day. —Address BucHLAW'S HEALTH TEA, 93, Grainger at., Darlington. QTBRILB MABRIAGB.—Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women ; a new edition just published Post free 3s. Bd. London. —SHELLEY A CO.. LTD.. 3B, Gracechureh at.

HEADACHE I NEURALGIA and TOOTHACHE I immediately cured by • Vichs,' the new remedy.— Wholesale NEWBERTS, LTD., London. In 70. and ls. 11,-d packets, post free, from R. )speedie, Chemist, Crieff. -DROP. VERNER'S REMEDIES.—Anacmin, Bronchitis Billow nese, Indigestion, Ithent—Atistn, Eczema, Piles Obesity, Ac., d peed ily cured. Medicine Is. lid. per bottle post free le. 3d. ; Hair Restorer. Is. per bottle. PROP. yYRNER, (U.S.A.), 15, Vernon it. Bolton.

CONSUMPTION.—MIdIand Open-air Sanatorium. Beautt fully ',trusted In a park of 25 acres. 750 feet above sea level, gravel soil. south aspect. Hataslishe4 1898. SpeotallV- crnatructed out-door chalets—For terms and illustraeci proe- pectus. apply, THE SECNETART, Bourne Castle, Be lbrough- ton , Worcesterehlre.

NOTICE, THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER IS NOW A PUBLISHED ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON, —PRIOR ONE PENNY— AND IS ON SALE AT THE VARIOUS NEWS- AGENTS AT ABOUT 4 O'CLOCK. SHOULD ANY DIFFICULTY BE EXPERIENCED IN GETTIA G THE PAPER THE PROPRIETORS WILL UNDERTAKE TO DELIVER A COPY AT ANY ADDRESS 111 WARRINGTON BY 5 O'CLOCK ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE. Address all communications to EXAMINER OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

Zbt Cyamintr " ,Foerfes THR WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER, Belied every Saturday morning. rr:111 RUNCORN EXAMINER, published very Friday after 1 noon. It is the best weekly paper i s the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest fanilities 1,0 Adve-- tigers. WIDNES HMI:WINER, published every Nriday after 1 noon. Manes contains the largest number of &wastes works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly grow- ing centre of industry. THR EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon.. THR Sr. HELENS EXAMINER, DURUM/BO every Friday afternoon. PREPAID ADVERTISER ENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. ROCHES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES Lost. MISCELLANEWS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Sla Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

THE EXAMINER. AUGUST 12th 1905.

Visitors to Bank Park have often regretted their in- ability to inspect the collections housed in the con- servatories except from the outside. They will there- fore be pleased to learn that the Corporation are throwing one of the hot houses,near the Drill Hall,open for the public to view the excellent show of gloxinias. We would again remind Liberals of the importance of seeing that they are duly registered on the list of voters. The burgess list can be seen on the door of any place of worship, and claims must be handed in not later than August 20th. Mr. J. Howes, junior,the Liberal agent, will be pleased to give any assistance - in the matter. Mr. .1. T. Foard, revising barrister, will hold the annual revision court at the Town Hall on September Bth, 9th, and 11th. *s* The Special Committee anpointed to deal with the question of Warrington Bridge widening have not delayed taking action. A deputation has been selec- ted to wait upon Admiral Nares, with the object of inducing him to reconsider his refusal to sanction the widening of the bridge by means of cantilevers on the ground that it would impede navigation. It is to be hoped that they will succeed in their negotiations, and thus avoid the much more expensive alternative of erecting a new bridge.

NEW TALE I NEW TALE!! ON FRIDAY NEXT, AUGUT IS-rn. A SPLENDID NEW TALE ENTITLED " THE WHITE ROSE," (BY LIBRALD BISS), WILL COMMENDS IN THE " BXIXINER." PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY AFTERNOON. ONE PENNY. W T. WILLIANIS' SUMNIER SALT IS NO PROCEEDING. MILLINERY. JACKETS, DREsSICS, SKIRTS, BLOUSES, RTC. AT CLEARLNG PI-ACES. SEE WlNnow3 WHITE HOUSE. SANKEY STREW, WARRINGTON.

, - FOUNO H TAT FOR QUALITY AkL ND vug IN WINB3 AND SPIRITS FLTLTONS BOS. CANNOT BR BSACHN. FULTON BROS. 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVBRPOOL. ALSO AT FULTON'S BUILDINGS, ROCHDALII. Telephone 2261 Royal, Liverpool. ----- - - . LOCAL NEWS. ---- 1 . Notice. The Wallington "Examiner" is now published on ‘ Friday afternoon, price one penny, and is on sale at - the various newsagents at about 4 o'clock. Should ~. any diffictilty be experienced in getting the paper the , proprietors will undertake to deliver a copy at any address in Warrington by 5 o'clock on Friday after- ,. noon without extra chargo. Address all communica- tions to "Examiner Office," Bewsey-street,Warrington. UNDER THE CLOCK for Good BOOTS.—Advt. Index to Inside Pages. PAGE. 9.

- Try a Blanctnange-1 made with Brown 8 Poison's 'PATENT' Corn Flour as a relief from heavier fare. .It is delightfully cooling on hot summer days, and the best accompaniment to ever r kind of stewed fresh fruit. (c-- N

AIDS DIGESTION. BRACES THE NERVES rrpLASMON : COCOA \\...... 18 non-heating. One cup contaie \‘‘........... more nourishment than .10 cups of any ordinary cocoa. IA tins, 94. 11' awl Wil

STOMACH TORTURES . RACKING HEADACHES, PAINS AFTER EATING, CURED AND KEPT CURED BY MOTHER SEELIFL'S SYRUP. "I had been almost a life-long sufferer from indigestion when Mother Seigel's Syrup and Pills restored me to health. "In my case the ailment took the form of violent pains across the , body and a great load or pressure on the chest. "I had often a sick bilious feel- ing, while the headaches I endured were past my power to describe. " I had no appetite and the pain after food made me afraid to eat. I also suffered much front consti- pation. "Nothing brought any real relief until I got Mother Seigel's Syrup. "I felt' better after a few doses, and resolved to try the Pills also. " Their action was unlike any other medicine I had ever taken— they were gentle yet effective and drove all impurities Out cf my system. " The Syrup and Pills soon res- tored me to sound health, and since then, by taking an occasional dose of your excellent medicines, I have continued in good health." :Mrs. Alice Oliver, So, Przttenbatn Road, , Lloyd's Park, Walthamstow, Lsscx, April nth, 1905. • Price : 134 & 2,16 bottle.

IS BABY CROSS •• because Of ECZEMA Or SKIN IRRITATIOK? if so, One Box of • GRANNIE OINTMENT will effect a Speeds: Cure. A 1 ,51 little at night is baby's delight. A mother ot Ceytonstos,, Essex, writes :—" Grannie Ointment fax quite cured Baby', eczema. I have tried several other creams, but they or.lv relieved, whereas Grannie Ointinent quite cured.- Also • , Cures Bad Legs, Wounds, Ulcers, like magic. Boxes. 14 Stamps, Post Free. 1, Send Post Card for FRFm SAMPLE BOX Inentieming Into Paha.. to • GRANNIE Ca.. NORWICH. J 1 7-=7"ortrirkiv7VMDZEMEZE wommo+.,.'

CALEY'S Milk Chocolate BRITISH AND BEST. The 7:7 inest Sweetmeat for Children.

4. .4.,,,,, '. iff 0.4._. .... ~.. ~ •,e ; • i' ~, 4,:, rq '7)7. _V... v 4 '' otadr, 4,,,,•„ k: ~,,_,:: ~.,.... y ..,:t4 7 -....0... v-, ~t.-1 , ...,:f • ~,44'3. , •,...k frr.,":4... . ?.?„... _ .., • -'•"' .‘..:; 1.;•• 4 ~,- 'Fit ~„,'.','l ff. r - '''. ' ' ''''....,"*. tg ~-;,-,...,:. ~,,,,,,.-,,,,:. ~,, :...., ~:it,,A, ,•,•„,,,.-:4,:;,. ••, ' • :,::„ ~..t ,• -.....:..,....m_:1-:,-• • • :fi' _ 21,;A:ris.--.a.:1::,-;A0.,:., ..-.7.•::.,::.;!.41';,., .... -..:.,;':.;.P., :::::,...- "•I.;.:''.''.'''' .'",!;,.:"-.'-' i::•.1-i:.:.:.:, '-,...: ':- :'•i: - , ~ ~-.:4,..;;;.0.:•,tcpv. ~ ••••:';:,:, ..„. . "‘ - : -.-:-.*,:„ .. '"/ . '2.-;:r,...1.3=k,, „Ai.% ',..' - . q-...;:-: • • „,,,,,,,. . ~,, .1„:,,,, :::--4,te41;2.-.1',.4itt„.7.. trY"R"`..l.tic,kiti:: :1,7*.'':,3 . !...." ',i,:..L•1 A4l). . . ~..;•:-#oll,Y3Mtle. 1; '''• - - ''''..:,,,.6*:."-eiko-...'• *'''''' '• --1-717,7••-•-•:'''''-'-:.:---'d\''' -....'.•••• .. , • 1i.......• --,:5.,... t• ',.7* '','''. - , ' ' '-...r.• ',;::•:.; . - r 4,,,,.ap..,,,,4 .:,-,!,, . ,::...!. I kept the' :. ! %',-41 tln -,,e4;2,1-. 1 ~ • ' . #74 j 117 V , ..... 1 ft; i.7,S '::•-• -.„ 4 4;, ...a. ."-:-.1%7„:- w 0 DEAR CHILDREN,

.- j.,. 4 : Al *:;', i..."'''. , .0 e is.,:l -.• 6" -.• ; f rk„zy.t, , zr,„ fg, i , •L.ijVA t 4 Ul'i , ,M \. -..r. EXI2A6T CF HEIBS. MAKES THE SINUS r 4 4'3 Herb Beer at Home. , .- n n rim M. nun Ustr awl. know s.' '' 4' On.- .• •sull..t en. are irinLinu. .‘‘ ,'• ,',. 0.4—, Jr..; 4.Ni 11A151. .' A OEN; for 'I he Ch.ldren's Corner. , 1 SOLE MaEk.us— A (3d. Bottle It-lakes 8 gallons. V timbal! & Mason, Nottingham. I -flour. k * %t 0 ..1' • A'. $4l-1 41,4 e (411.,•;-74,-,vir-,,,:,.. —.....„,,,,,a, A. wgzi cloitoth- SNAKING oE ME NEW NEI' aEn cr CEO,. .... no le..a von have %ea. go li LATEST ILLU::- ' , . 1, ~ ,-r:.:,s.:41;0I-ren:fE'zr:S;rril.,..AnLn.:°1,1;._!::.,vo.e: it ''' .:.4,1 v,,Vt?' ,',",;,liZZl,`,`: ‘'..l.irr::,'"; • Cj) ~....tHL t.:.,L:e,1.i ofi,:.i.Llte ,I,,....elzickb.aLd ne 41.11:: I: &..111.) seeding 10. 4 no. ,ognplele ,eUt. THE CAL EBRATEDOTFITS. : • N... I contains If well nEule. servittable GatTneida and i dna. N,pkin• fur 411, vt N. e a handunne Net ne 211 (Lir meth and a dna : N'Pko" be R 2 2,, No. 3 h,4, l,eautindly deEldned Garment. and 3 dor. Nalddin. (nr ,C 4 4%. 1 _ , CON,S.TAN:INS: 11121 IS. (Dept. C C.,. PO/.ITIN. ,

reNWNII PAY CAsli lip?, j . ._., POE YOUR 1 }II n•-4-iurip...-... 4.q 1: li lop,ruc,K A p \ftro' —1 I i

FOR A LIMITED PERIOD ONLY. REX, NEOROLL, SIMPLAN, And many other Well-known Makes For Instalments at Cash Prices, CARRIAGE PAID. M.D. CATALOGUE SENT POST FREE. SERARD rII2IDO6IrHNITC]

SIRE Op SUN_2"... .0..!t Xj \ t)„'1, \: o• FIRE OFFICE oe,-'O4O ..3k FUNDS IN HAND £2,563,000. For all particulars apply to the following Agent WARRINGTON... Messrs. J. R. Pickmere a BON, Bridge St Messrs. Wood a Bon, Commercial Chambers 5, tiorsemarket street, Mr. Louis A. Voiles% 21, King street. Mr. R. Lo we,, Bank street.

YOUR HAIR IS YOUR GLORY! I prodcee new Hair Growths on the Baldest Head or Smoothest Lip ; Stop the Shedding of Hair; Remove Obstinate bend and Dandruff; and bring the Weakest Growth into strength and beauty by my true Hair Growing Preparation, in a Few Days. Send two penny stamps tor A PENN TRIAL SAMPLIS to A. LAVRLLR 31 STATION RD., CAUBBSWIILL, LONDON, S.

JOHN HARRIS & Co. 21/. mi \o* l' If t 1 Model Skirt „‘,l. •. re .< FOR b/11d. t 0 p. ,1/4 ,L • This harAlsome SKIRT la %, made in a lipht cloth, rsi SHRUNK and UNSPOT- u ;-, ABLB, In Am AV Amok and Navy, N s•ia. trimmed with eine Biik and deep kilted flounce. A :t..44,,,1'v5,,,,..1.\,,. • BARGAIN Es. lid. Money `,s;:',W,O; 'I;;T.'W.,, ,e Returned II not more Own yi:;l.M 081k,,1110,:V• 4i satisfied. State waist and ',I 110 sls' ril length measure. JOHN HARRIS & 00, 1725, OLD ST., Mr!. LONDON.

Patronized by Royalty, NObHtf, &e. 13e wise in time and 9:1 Ftifi:Nl3ll at i. 6

• * t 6'6, • *;) •

W By far the LARGEST, BEST, and * CHEAPEST STOCK. 40 ~ • Ecery Class efficiently catered for. ;111 9, .....,...----.........----------- Kui Qi PITTS'S Celebrated * • HOUSES OF FURNITURE • • t. 1.1 .. at 151, 22, 24 381, 50, 75, 100, •,1: gi 2CO, up to 3,000 guineas, are in point i•ri at Excellence, Durability, and Vata.Sc AA W the very best oLt.inable at the /0 firl price They ei nt.t r; s com represent tavweirt,y: greatothers a . 1.6 giFull pa, ticulau s free. ""•''''''''' CV Pitts's Yi Furnishing Guide reveals the secret of economic Fur- • • 9., nishimr, as it c -ntains LOU Artistic 011\ Designs riced showing how to make • - 9; every .#1 do the usual work cf tw,. ilk r Grixtl3. Post Free at request. las'n r. : if? Quotations only. pIA Cril Easy ray:Mats 10 per cog. extra. itii\

Goddard& Plate powder r3r CieaningSilverEleetroPiateer •fiuld everywhere lir 216 a 416. iiii-ccw•riazwzr..aasingss

G• W.. R. THE CHARMING WEST COUNTRY. Tie GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY COMPANY EXPRESS SERVICES give every facility for travel to THE BOLD & ATTRACTIVE THE ROMANTIC COASTS OF DEVON and T IDEUR EXMOOR and RUGGED I CORNW ALL. DARTMOOR. of the ENGLISH THE CHARMING HILLS and BRISTOL x. corm cow and and VALLEYS of CHANNELS. Plymouth in 4 hrs. 25 min. SOMERSET & Neviquay „ 6 „ 45 „ DORSET. Falmouth „ 6 ~ 45 „ St. Ives ~ 7 „ 10 „ Penzance „ 7 „ „ Full particulars can be obtained free on application to THE SUPERINTENDENT OF THE LINE, Gt. Western Rly.. Paddington Station, London. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAP:D CURE RAPID CURE OF 0 le GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. HY BY EADE'S PILLS. BADE'S PILLS. "I TAKE NO OTHER!" -- 13, Robin Hood-street, "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Isle-of-Wight. Mona Cottages, November 29th, 1904. , Coalville, Leicestershire, Dear Sir,—l feel it a great pleasure to drop you a June 4th, 1901. line to say how much good I have derived through Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received using your Rheumatic Pills. I have had Rheumatism. off from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two and on for several years. I was recommended to use months ago and tried almost everything, but got no your Pills and SINCE USING THEM I TAKE NO OTHER. I better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that have likewise recommended them to others and they AFTER TAKING THEN' FOrt TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED also wish me to let you know what good they are doing I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs them. I shall recommend them to all I know suffering Being a miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks , from Rheumatism. You can make what use you like of to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I this. I remain, recommend them to everybody myself. I Yours truly, Yours gratefully, JOHN CHAMBERS. JAMES WRIGHT. I F,ADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all In- injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is. 10. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE RADE, 232, Goswell road London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Gosweil road, London. --- ---- ' E ADE' S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

r irr--miErign-- r to ha7ge'nhe House.ll.ll .........—...—,....... i 1 _ A box of BEECHAM'S PILLS is a handy thing to have in Ihe house, and if a dose is taken at the moment of need much Ilness will be saved. Any trouble arising from derangement of the digestive organs is quickly set right by g. i 1r i..--' • This unrivalled medicine will do more to build up robust health and maintain it than any other remedy. They are unequalled for ' SLUGGISH LIVER,

sll;4okfr'kl 0 .4 AA. , t'J tzif 7.•• A \o.. _, ..., ),-,, ~,,,,,v,,,d 4cs 4, 1,, , I h•t` ll tp r. i. 4 . ~,, *Y_c.. •iscpr,,,,,,r) ... ‘'.:Z-URiotr_._..,; Pt ts. .-- „-i.:..!..:;:•.r.w..,:".a1t?\- ..'e./.4,•.$ - VW:.;•:;:?;*:W. .o.* .--,i-V._,:er.-..1-z•-:*;,:,,:. - '1 -:: qii' 'e,PLo",- - '.1.-• CONSTIPATION. l'.'lWAVe's44):.- \ . , - •,---- -,e,... =<''trl. ',;.,,,'; P--- .- 'I 4"----- • ..„..,. MN SPECIALLY SUITABLE FOR FEMALES OF ALL AGES. -7.-4: ------------- Sold everywhere In boxes. price Illi (56 pills) 14 219 (168 pills). 4kkaa-. . ''''' _....aP5 1 I gra ---"'lMMiiiiii'ulzigio•...lLlli _____ allaniTh."'ll7l:lLE2Bl6l....-- Wild

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we think the idea might improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. and we find that the desired end may be o')tained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stopp:.-s. Others might be used but COCKLE'S PILLS as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best. —Observer. eoeKLEvs FREE FROM MERCURY. PiNTI B I LI OCS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS. For BILE, LIVER ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, ecc.

- -- "--- ' ''''''' - -1,;,_-..' L.-a•_3_4v.:4AP. _.-=--_-- '2„,-_--_-_---_-z__:-._7:-_-_----V•.; ::\• .t. t . -------,-,,,i,,,,,‘ ~..\\;,,,0, r()(. 1 \\'; \ v 1 .&,\\ c . ,;;., ~..,,,-,::::::::, •511, r„ , .....I -,:....., _ _ 0,, kJ . lio el . charge for buying this stay. J.W.1111150111.7 istrars an.L., 4 BENSON'S No. 1. Wqtches, Chains. and Jewels. No. 2, "Imperial Plate," Clocks, - ~ - ILLUSTRATED Bags, ete. .....gmaosole - 't, m'S. BOOXS State wh i...h. or if all, are reqzired. "-==--'-'=......•—____..e 4 .... • ... N 0.3. Pretty and ines; easive Sdver SOLID OAK CASE, containing 110 pieces of PpST FRIL Articles for presents. I 133 st A 1 Quality "Imperial Plate" and I 1, " Cutlery. Price 4e19 Cash (a Service for U. VV. B t 12 persons). or on "THE TIMES" Systemuui of MONTHLY PAYMENTS. ---- ---„ E.4SO N ) D., L. 62 LUDGATE HILL; LC; _ ,

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS. Bug Nth and Foreign Picture Frames. Bvery requisite for the trade. Regllding a Speciality. Largest of Mouldings In the Kingdom. Send for PATTSRN KOK. 160 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTIIR OF Inas. GLASS STOCK LISTS FRBB ON APPLICATION. H. MORELL 171 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBUIV, LONDON, W.D. • Warehouses t 11, 12.:and 13, Nears Yard, and 41, Neal Streetain the rear). Telegraphic Addresei -" Rabbitry, London." Telephone 6315 Gentrel.

CRITCHLRY'S STARCH GLOSS. Registered Ro. 40,378. s NO MORE 0 SOFT LINEN WHEN Alt lit. STARCHED. • Used In the Royal Lett)drlte. should be usel in every house. Once tined, *lv ava e antsri, 81.41KE4 OLD LINEN LIKE NEW The greatest, boon ever offered to the Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish lo Starched Linen, Laces, &n. It does not stick to spider-we). Ike materials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id.. 31., and 6d, each. PREP.RED ONLY BY T. est tern LEY. Chemist. BLaelesu RN. 7. Whiteoras !Brea. London, 8.0.

Using DRATIFOCD'S " Voirrt."Wanio Mice's's fog WASHING AT 110111 E, and thereby enving time, saving labor. and saying the Clothes frsl illif,,Wklry wear and rear. You can obtain toll !,,,Itiellitire 01 Phew- Mr.,.lnnes iv sensling a postcard to TII,PMAP 1:1/A01,P11.1.. Cu., 140-142. high Londo”; iotnris ATeTlue, I cerlTlVgate, Manchester; 130, hold-at., • Liverpad ; or Cresrcut Iron Works, Salton!.
