===== 0002601_19050408_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
COOL SMOKING TOBACCO

TO 3B OBTAINED FROSI

JOSEPH BES WICK,

HORSEM ARK ET ST., WARRINGTON.

Tel. 370 Y

AV ARRINGTON SAVINGS BANK BUTTERMARKET-STREET. ESTABLISHED 1818, OPEN DAILY. Baszfeß OFFICE : 5, QUEEN-STREET, EARLESTOWN, OPEN MONDAYS 3 TO 5 p.m., FRIDAYS 3 To 5 & 6 To 8 P.M. ONE SHILLING WILL OPEN AN ACCOUNT. THII SUMS UP 10 £lO ItEPAID ON DEMAND. ST RICTEST SECRECY IS OBSERVED AS TO THE NAMES OF DEPOSITORS.

LLAN LINE.—TO CANADA, UNIT.ED STATES, myna PLATE, AND INDIA. SAILINGS 10110 H LIVERPOOL. OARTIIAGINIAN St. John's N.F. Batifax and Phil Apl. 11 TUNISIAN Halifax and St. John, N.B. Mar. 13 lONIAN Quebeo and Montreal Apl.'2o 00BAN RAMS TO OANADA.—SaIoon from £lO, St. John's N.Y.; Ell Bslifax and St John, LB Second Cabin, £7 10s. Third Class, £5 10s. To 1ndia,1237 10c. and EV 10s.

MRS. THOS. CLARKE WILL CARRY ON THE bUSINESS OF STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, BARLBSTOWN, As before, and sincerely hope to receive the same patronage as bestowed on her late nsband for upwards of 40 years.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUAANDS ON LADIES HAW: DERIVED GREAT BENSPIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A BooN TO WOMANKIND

They are the best known Remedy for Anietnia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite. Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 90.. Is. lid., 2s. 96., 4s. 6d. and Ils. May be had from all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the proprietor. Only Address : 609, PORTOBBILLO-ROAD, ROTTING HILL. LONDON . THE

"EXAMINER" PPINTING 0 FFICE MEMORANDA AND ARTICIMS OF ASSOCIATION TRUST DREDS AND SHARE CHRTIFICIATHS

RERCUTED AT SHORT NOTICES. IEPORTS AND BALANCE-SHEETS, PAMPHLETS, TRADE CATALOGUES. AND GRNISRAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION AT

===== 0002601_19050408_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
4, , I)je I_,ll _ , , , A,3 ~, (!(L,IIIIIL L- 44, • 4611 tinter

No. 1362 ONE PENNY

szkoruiuDziy, iupartur, Ss 1905.

TBLEPHONE 382 Y.

(DT ALL THE LEADING )tAKERS) ELECTRO PLATE AND

OP EVERT DEEICOIPTIO7f.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 1221 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL, PAWNBROKERS, J EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES. SOLID SILVER, JEWELLERY

30 ro 50 PIM B NT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old aold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken In exchange. Money advance on Jcwellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, do., to any amount at low rates onintereet strict privacy guaranteed. Parcel. by post, win receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2081.

By Posr 11 73i per Quarter 6s 6d per annum : is 9d per Quarter credit

PICTURE FRAMBE, MOUNT CUTTER, AND

===== 0002601_19050408_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
FINE ART DEALER.

TRH L&RGEST STOOK OF

di-kitten

,70 PLYMOUTH GROVE, MANCFIESTER.--(3ASH ACCOMMODATION £3 to £EOO. Interest 41. in the RI. Any distance.—Apply, MANAGER.

PICTURE OVER-AIANTELS

IN THR TOWN.

ebutatton.

IRELAND,

IRELAND,

IRE L AND,

INTENDS TO MAINTAIN THE HIGH REPU- TATION HE HAS GAINED BY CONTINUING TO MAKE BICYCLES OF SUPERB QUALITY AT MOST REASONABLE PRICES. MACHINES BUILT TO ORDER FROM £6 108., WITH FREE WEIBEL AND BRAKES. SEND FOR LIST. SANKEY, WARRINVION.

FREE! FREE!! FREE!!! YOU CAN TEST YOUll_simir AT HONE AP OLTE RENINie.

HOME S 1 G HT-fit S r ER.

OUR PEBBLE SPECTACLES ARE I'IARVSLLOUS FOR THE EYES WIMP: OPTICAL CO., 5. SEYMOUR ST. (OFF LONDON RD.), LIVERPOOL.

OPTICIANS,

ESTABLISHED ISM.

RICHARD

JEFFREYS,

ES, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAPdIi MAHER AND PRINT BELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, snitable'for Wedding and Birthday Presents, Bchr.ol Prizes, 10. Terms Moderate. A FINE COLLECTION OP P1101:044A PR for Orystoteum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Granaries.

135, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

KNIGLITSVILLii LADIeSS' UOLLSGII (' tteoogalsed Brockley, London.—Student required immediately.

QANDILiCH SCHOOL, CHlsSHlßE.—Moderate LY Fees. Illustrated Prospectus Irons Headmaster.

--- lIVER,SITY SCFIOOL, SOUT±IPOKT. A MOST BOCCE:I97UL BOARDING SCHOOL FoB BOYS. W. HUNDBUSON. M.A., Principal,

OXFORD HOUSH SCHOOL. ST. ANNES-ON-THH-SHA! —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schoo!s. Thorough grounding and indiviitial teachtng. New, specially dee,ened buildings new term begins January 2042. Principal J. F. BRINDLE, 13. A. (Oxon).

on Kz-Ellftll.--W.- INCH NI HALL oLok Orman:" k.) HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FO is GI .LS. Large Mansion and Playing Fields. Hamilton,: Resident Staff. Great successes recent Examinations. 50 Certificates gained last Term. AUTUMN TRIO& begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references, views, from Miss PARKES, Principal.

iLL Al R. ERNEST WILKES A.L Proteseor of MusiO,Organist and Ohoir'maste; of be. Paul's Oh web. PIANO, OIIGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large tbree-inanuat organ fur pupils' faraatide.—Par terms apiy 134, LovEzr-t.z.zrz Warrington.

t„,..IOUTHPORT MODERN '6CI-100L, Scarisbrick k... 7 New-road. One of the LARGEST PRIVATE SCIWOLS In the North of England. Staff includes a B:A., a and an (Meier a' Academia etc. Language., Science and Commercial subjects at inclusive fees. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., Head Master.

I'HE VICTORIA UNIVERSITY OF MA NCEIESTER FACULTY OF MEDICINE (including the DENTAL. PHARMACEUTICAL Ann PLUSH° HEALTH DEPART- MENTS).—The UM&flftt SISSSION WILL COMMENCE on TUESDAY, APRIL 25th. The registration of students will begin on this day at 9.50 a.m., and will be continued during the week (Saturday excepted). PROSPECTUSES giving full information as to courses of study for the MBDICAL and DENTAL DECSREES AND DIPLOMAS. dm., wilt be forwarded on application to the Registrar.

WARRINGTON GRA3IIAR SCHOOL -THE XT TERM WILL /1114 IN ON THURSDAY MAY 4.

THH HEAD MASTER WILL BE AT HOME SO INTERVIEW PARENTS ON WEDNESDAY, MAY 3EO). NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, &C. PREPARATORY FORM for boys from 8 to 12 years of age PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ON APPLICATION. _ _

ANCHESTBR GRAMMAR SCHOOL I.IA Fee, £4 4s, per term. , 8.13.—80ys entering over 14 years of age pay RS Es. per term. The Naxr TERM BEGINS MONDAY MAY Ist. ENTKANCE EXAMINATION'S the same day at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, forms of application, &a , may be had at the gehool. The boarding house in connection with the scholl is situated in Higher Broughton. The Art School Evening °lasses re-open on Monday May lat. A. class for ladies and teachers is also held on Saturday morning,. OWEN W. COX. Receiver

Alotne eacs, learriageo, etc

QTRONG SPRING CART, suit confectioner or grocer, with Cart Sheet and Horse hug St.. Preston. GooDIER, Saul

ITLVLuiiIA ; U0Ck31.10,)L.8 twills; Lair conduion ;cuev ; eau be seen from 9 to 11 am.--Dr. ILDERTON, Fairfield. Manchester.

TYRRS wired or beaded, new 5.. 6d. e 1.013 tune tubes, 2s. 6d. eeeti.—RNowLEti, 22. Wyndham rd. Upton Park.

OBALR Two good GLASS SIDUID HitAUSSS, adjust able Shutters, cheap.—ApplyJonN LEARY. Undertaker. 183 Brick Road Liverpool.

TWO CYCLES. Ladr's and Gent's, almost new; free wbeels, two brakes (Orabb s), Dunlop tyres.—Apply 4, WHALLEY ST.. Warrington.

7-aci 20 SkTS OLD HARciBoS, t.) £.?. 10e. ; sundry brldlrs, collars, gears' gem's Paddles, and bead collars CUMMINP, Sadler, Southport.

ker7 r —LANDAU. equal to new. rubber tyred, spring head tir and brake; Silver amounted ; abaricein.—BareON AND JENKINS, Stanley rd , Bootle.

QTRONG. YAHMOUTH GM ; Crank axle, Cross Springs Bxcellent Couoition. Suitable for horse 15 hands £6. —5, CHURCH STREET, Bradford, Mmichester.

kJ bALts two NNW COAL LUttitllid, one SHANDY, and one CUSY CAB, seat four. must be cleared, room wanted.—Apply JAMES JOLLEY, 218, Wallgate, Wigan. EGG'S Brown LBEHORNS, Hurst's Strain also White Leghorn& and Black Minoroca's from noted winning strains, 3e. 64. per sitting; duck eggs from large Aylesbury's Z. 6d.—A. Scnommo, Newmarket, Poultry Farm, Taunton, Ashton-under-Lyne.

pasa 1905 Rosebury Cycles, Free Wheel. lip.. Brakes. Latest Improvementa,Britisb Made. Guaranteed 2 yea. Approval. Easy payments, arranged. Accessories equally cheap. Stamp for List.— ROSEBURT CYCLE Woes, Hoirne, York.

rIYCLIS for Disposal, gent'a high-grade machine, as new net soi:ed, free wheel, rim brake, plated rims, pueu matM tyres. mud guard., gas !Imp, arkrl %IL acoestories; genuine bargain, £4 4s. cash. lowest ; approval willingly.— K. GILL. Waveney Villa, Beech Bond, Weston-super-Mare.

MOTOR CAR (eight horse), seat four; mechanically operated valves; three speeds and reveres; .11n.tyree; painted cream, upholstered in red pegamold ; only run trial trips ; price complete, with lamps, pump, and horn, £l6O ; trial by appointment.—Movon WORKS, Brinksway,Stookport

OARGAIF.—Gent's high-grade COVBDITHY AiIAUHINH, 1) perfectly new, not soiled, best tyres and tubes plated rims and free wheel, rim brake, gas lamp, and all other accessories ; beautiful machine ; sacrifice, Li 191, 6d. ; approval willingly.—T. Musson), Chargroye House, Ash- comb., Road, Weston-sup r-ldare.

(AN SALB, first-elass BROUGHAM for pair or single; also kl Gig, equal to new, built by Lawton and Co., Chester ; both have Indiarubber tyres ; one set Double Harnees, brass- mounted, equal to new, and one Ditto, silver-mounted, in very good condition; late the property of Dr. 1111lott.—Apply W. C. THORNHILL, St, M:Chaerl House, Chester.

O-- SALE, a GRIIHNGROCHICS CART Bft. 71n. long in body ; Cart sheet and !farness in good condition, all for £10; also Black Cob, good in all sorts of work ; not afraid of anything, Harness, Trap, new Lancashire shafts with lamps ; all in good condition ; £.?O for the Turnout.—Apply ABEL PEENEY, bWaBIOW, WiEleford.

1 I_lo CI tr CYCL ' ES. R 4 15s. •£5 ; and £5 10s. each.—W. E. i_l CLARK & Co., Cycle Engineers. Station rd., Doncaster, are now offering 1905 free-wheel Bicycles, Etted with 2 Inverted lever brakes. plated` rims, lined in centres, rubber or rat-trap pedals, pneumatic tyres, frame lined in two colours, £4 15s. each. Same machine., fitted with Raffle Coaster Hub; £5 Also our special 1505 Cycles, a very high- class, machine, fitted with hall, free-wheel. and 2 inverted lever brakes, £5 10s. each. Carriage paid up to ICO miles.

/-dYCLES,—New Trento with two inverted best brakes ‘...) Perry best ball free wheel, Perry's chain, Westwood plated rime, green electric 2entree, beet finish plating on 'copper, and machines lined vermilion and god ; all extras Included, lamp, bell, &c.. and, everything the best money can buy ; kindly call and inspect, or send for lißt. as money cannot make better cycleslor later designs ; price, lady's or gent's £5 se. ; sent on approval anywhsre in the kindom.- 23, JACIBON'M Row, Manchester.

0;4

===== 0002601_19050408_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
ONCE TRIED McDOUGALL'S Pate qt SELF-RAISING FLOUR The Examiner ALWAYS USED. 1 LALL Rtvrrs itI8LI:1 ED.]

This REFINED COSTUME

can be had in three qualities at $lll, 10/6, and 12/11 '1 here's no difference in all the making, only in the quality of the cloth. Albeit. the 8/11 quality can I.e thoroughly recommended. Only a limited nnmber left. Made in Black or Q ill %PI A

"Thli BEATALL."

V -f El ..,.; ..,_ 4\ x . \ </ s, .. • ' .-.,.(, IL\ k .e.e\k.....

===== 0002601_19050408_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Navy V.C.C. Cheviot

Serge. COAT: 32 in. long—sac back —Chesterfield front—bell sleeves —well-bound seams. SKIRT: Plain back aide fastenink—fiinish, lovely.

C:irriaze bd. eictra.

MONEY CHEERFULLY RE- FUNDED IF NOT SATIS- FACTORY.

STOCK SIZES: Coatst34,36, and 33 bust, Skirt Waists, 24, 26, 28. Front Length, 38. 40. 42. Larger sizes to measure, xtra.

EXTRAS Coat Lined, 3- Skirt Lined 3,'.

PATTERNS FREE IN ALL CASES.

6 yards Dres Length of Famous V.C.C. Serge (Black or Navy); 6'6 (Carriage Bd. extra.) THIS IS AD: HONEST

BARGAIN.

THE VICTORIA COSTUME CO.,

U 41 Dept.) Victoria Mai Mugs. Manchester

===== 0002601_19050408_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEPUTY TOWN-CLERKSHIP.

Report of the Sub-Committee.

A MEAGRE SALARY.

the following is the report of the sub-committee appointed to consider and report on the terms of appointment of Deputy Town Clerk. It is to be sub- mitted at the adjourned meeting of the Town Council next Tuesday evening :—Your sub-corn:nittee beg to re- port that they have considered the duties of the office of Deputy Town Clerk and incidently of each clerk in the Town Clerk's department. The duties have been defined by the Town Clerk,and the opportunity has been taken by him of arranging the duties of his staff con- sequent on Mr. Wilson's retirement. T.he duties of a purely clerical nature previously performed by Mr. Wilson have been transferred to other clerks, and it is proposed that the supervision of the staff should be transferred to Mr. Spinks' who has for some years filled the office of chief clerk. Your committee are of opinion that the person appointed deputy should be a qualified solicitor. The duties he will have to perform are as follows :—(1) To represent the Corporation in cases before justices and other tribunals of inferior jurisdiction. To assist the Town Clerk as from time to time required in the following matters: (2) Services required by the Mayor, chair- men, and deputy-chairmen of committees, in respect of their offices. (3) Parliamentary work. (4) Local inquiries by Government departments. (5) Arbitra- tions. (6) High Court of Justice actions and other litigation. (7) The conduct of Council and committee meetings, and advising thereat and preparation of retorts therefor. (9) The carrying out of orders of the Council and its committees. (9) To direct the Registration Clerk in the conduct of Parliamentary and naunicipal elections. (10) To render such other assist- ance as the Town Clerk may reasonably require in the performance of his duties. Your committee recommend that the salary to be offered be .2175, rising by annual increases of £l5 to a maximum of £250. While full consideration will no doubt be given to the qualifications of applicants who have had previous experience in a Town Clerk's office,it is not thought expedient to restrict the applications to those who have had such experience. Your committee are pleased to recommend that Mr. Thomas 11. Spinks be appointed the Assistant Town Clerk, and that he be entrusted with the duties which the Town Clerk has defined for him. Your committee also recommend that in recognition of the additional responsibility thrown upon Mr.Spinks his salary be increased from£l9o to£l4o per annum and that he have a further acrease 01.'10 next year. Your committee also recommend 1,11,,t Mr. Alfred Starkey be appointed the registration clerk, and that his salary be increased to £lOO per annum with a further increase of £lO next year.—William Bolton, D. Tinnion, John Pemberton, John Wilkinson, and William J. Forshaw.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STORY OF A LANCASHIRE GENIUS.

Success of a Warrington School of Art

Student.

—— " The art school system must be judged by results. Obviously one of the best results is in helping genius out of obscurity. Not that genius does not somehow as a rule help itself. It does ; but, all the same, a little help is worth a deal of sympathy. Happily, it is possible to point to aremarkable recent instance which has a local interest. A Wigan photographer had born to him 3m the eighties a son who, at the age of ten or less, xvith a nail for a chisel and a bolt tied on to a stick for a mallet, occupied himself in carving stones in a rude way. The lad at school was taught a little bit of elementary freehand drawing. He amused himself out of school hours in cutting out these patterns in relief on any stone surface that happened to be handy. Such an unusual turn drew no attention beyond amused curiosity, and at the age of eleven the boy began to earn his living by carrying out parcels for a grocer. But he attended, out of inclination, evening classes for drawing, and passed examinations with distinction. His former schoolmaster, hearing of this, told the father that the lad was certainly something of a prodigy, and prevailed upon him to send the boy to the Warrington School of Art. There the youth gained an exhibition worth £lO, and qualified for an art master's certificate. Hisv next step was to compete for one of the art scholarships offered by the Lancashire County Cduncil, this prize being worth £6O a year for three years. Here, however, a difficulty arose. The student was disqualified because his parants lived in a county borough, which should itself have founded scholarships out of the "whisky money," but had not thought it worth while. The parents cut the knot by making up their minds to move across the borough boundary, and although the father had a long tramp early and late to the pit in which be earned his daily bread, his son succeeded in winning the coveted dis- tinction. With it he went at the age of nineteen, to Paris, entered the studio of a famous sculptor, gained five medals for drawing, sent his original work to the Salon, won the grande medaille, and was placed hors conconrs—given, that is to say the right to exhibit in future on the ground of proved merit—and was elected a scholar of the Ecole des Beaux Arts both as sculptor and painter. In view of this brilliant fulfilment the Lancashire County Council madehis scholarship tenable for an additional year. Works by John Millard, showing the unmistable touch of that magnificent school of modern sculptor of which Paris is the centre, as well as the force and quality of innate originality, have been seen in the Autumn Exhibition in Liverpool, and two examples are in the exhibition 'now open at Sonthport. The fact that there is so uncommon a story behind these exhibits is calculated to arrest attention, but there is a story, did we but know it, behind all art work that rises above the beaten level.

Art has its tragedies as well as its fulfilment. Un- fortunately the artistic consciousness of tho public lags ' behind art teaching. But the time may come when the public will discover that one tithe of the sums now squandered on transient luxuries, which yield but small satisfaction in proportion to their cost, would, if spent with liberal discernment on the encouragement of art, add lastingly to the joy of living. Especially is this the case with the neglected art of sculpture, for al- though the revived modern sculpture is, in its best masterpieces, equal in power and beauty to the work of Ancient Greece as we know it, our cities generally lack the cheerful adornment which art can afford, and our houses the noble air of hospitality and repose which a taste for sculpture gives to so many of the chateaux of the wealthy in Prance. Assuredly, however, it is just as profitable to spend money on artists as upon milliners and cooks.—" Liverpool Daily Post and Mercury."

tucty economy and live like a Lord and start with your cocoa.

Use half a teaspoonful of Van Houten's Cocoa for a breakfast cup.

At the end of a week compare the cost with what you had been

You will save money

paying. by it. Try it.

Van Houten's

The cocoa that goes fzlrtit:.;t.

s'

„ kVteitrVti-

===== 0002601_19050408_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S 11,EAL1L

DRESS-FASHION-11011E.

THE MAUCTVZSA VITELVESCHL

The Marchesa Vitelleschi, whose new book, "The Romance of Savoy," has attracted so much atten- tion, is one of the three gifted sisters of Lord Lamington, now Governor of Bombay. These popular beauties of the Cochrane-Baillie family all made interesting unions, the eldest marrying, in 1.867, the Earl de ta Warr, who died nine years ago, and again taking-a husband, three years hack, in the person of the Rev. Paul Wyatt, Chaplain of the famous Chapel Royal in the Savoy for the last ten years. The youngest of the sisters married Viscount Melville twelve years ago, and their favourite home—for they have more than one —is Melville Castle, in Midlothian. The gifted lady who found her life partner in Italy, and went. to Rome to live, has long been immersed in the hi-story and Amance of that interesting part of Southern Europe, and 'knows what she is writing about when she takes up the story of Savoy

===== 0002601_19050408_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
Swint SESII-EVENING BLOUSE.

Two girls were waiting outside a theatre, In the well-dressed feminine queue that is to be found near many London theatre doors on a fine Wed- nesday afternoon. They were discussing the probability of the genial weather lasting over the Easter holidays. "Where are you going this year?" asked the taller girl. "Somewhere abroad. We haven't decided yet," was her companion's answer. Then followed a discussion on the various items of dress needed for different places mentioned. The me who overheard this conversation drew the con- clusion that smart blouses for table d'lstite wear

seemed the'biggest consineration, SO for the benefit of similarly puzzled girls our present illustration chews a dainty semi-evening blouse which would well serve ,on such occasions. It is fashioned in the seftest•of oyster-tinted satin, and has a cross- over pouf which almost entirely covers the bodice. From under the outer edge there peeps a graduated frill of lace, and the smart little sleeves are frilled with the same filmy lace, while the low neck is filled in with folds of spotted chiffon. The high draped belt is finished with a pretty arrange- ment of bows in front, which completes this sug- gestion for a semi-evening bodice.

, • 1 , ~.... 7,, , 40i. ,e 4 tsif eltkA) . I ...r. ' ....., , ----- -- ~ ,A., . . . *V+, • • r...- , - ..., . 44"4:?, 141)4\ • ,;) --- i ..." il : IS ..441‘.. \dr ~,. ..t.,....t. ~,i, -to- •,,,, •,... ..„,.„.,, ,\.,...,..„ ....t. ,5...::. --•',-., , - , .;:f 44, . , ...,-4.,- . . , • --4 i,... ,-\\ ,••• r / \ ''. . ... (.7l*

===== 0002601_19050408_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHION NOTES.

The shops are shewing garments for summer days, and already, writes "Amica," one sees whither fashions tend. Silks in light shades will be much worn; full skirts will continue popular; while many of the thin materials, such as voiles, will be printed :In colours. Small checks are worn, and shepherds' plaids, with white vests and black cloth coats, are popular. Hats are much beflowered, and a bid for favour is made by a hat that is plate-shaped, worn well over the forehead, and tilted high behind, with a garden of small flowers to rest on the hair at the back. This is not at all a becoming shape to average mortals; young and very pretty people can wear anything. Small hats are an innovation, but the large hats are too generally becoming to be aban• doned easily. Parasols are smaller than they were, and the folding parasol stick, which was the thing half a century ago, has reappeared. Short skirts for morning wear will soon be universal, but for the afternoon and evening the sweeping skirt will long bold its own.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
Loos E COAT.

Our new coats must be either of the trimmest and dressiest description, or must be very long and loose; and while silk is much used for the former style, white and cream drap souple appears to be the material for the latter variety. The sketch at present under our notice is a type of the long, loose coat in a deep cream tint. The double pull sleeves end in a cuff of deep amethyst velvet, overlaid with silver and gold braid of the narrowest kind, and finished with big shaped frills, the collar being shrlilarly treated. The huge buttons down each side may be connected by thick silk cord loops. We are told that the closer-fitting hats and toques that our French sisters have adopted are

not, as a rule, becoming to Englishwomen. Thls. statement should be taken cautiously. The present writer spent some time in a West-End milliner's salon yesterday, and while there watched many of these new hats tried on- by women with widely differing appearances, and in most cases, where the hair was well arranged, the eltapeavx proved most becoming. A very good example of the i "pill-box " toque is shewn n the present sketch. It is entirely composed of small shaded flowers, with a smart cockade of soft satin ribbon by way of trimming.

TO-DAT°S RECIPE.

SALMON CUTLETS.—Take a small picre of cooked salmon, pound it well in a mortar, add to it an equal weight of line breadcrumbs, and half the weight in butter: mix well together, and season with pepper, salt, cayenne; bind the mixture with the beaten yolks of two' eggs, roll it Out on a floured board, cut it with a cutter into cutlets, roll them in egg and breadcrumbs; repeat this, so that they are well covered. Fry in boiling fat, drain; servo very hot, with fried parsley in the centre of the dish. Serve maitre d'hôtel sauce will)

this dish.

street ? " " onl:

"What's the row over in the next Sl_ _ 1 a wooden wedding." "Wooden wedding?" "Yes, a couple of Poles getting married."

rtl • V t ' ' , 1. ~ N. . . , ';' . , f v-;•1) , •-• '`,.;7••._ - q 'CN-.':' •; , " i '\.) /1114 _ I\l tyl., , • % 1?='; ', Wil, li tr 4,:// 11' 9,, /. ----..4.,' •, 1 v.., (,! ~.., ' % r. ~'44. Ili ~ ‘,,,\!\,1 • .-,;•\ ttei.l,,i ni ti . ''.l '' : '' ‘•\•-• 1,. i ou 1, ~.,-,7:-.1.--------

===== 0002601_19050408_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
A WONDERFUL SCENE AT SEA,

FliOM Tilt NOTES OF REPEUT DE LA TOUCUE

in: W. CLARK RUSSELL (Wiakor jf " The Wreck of the Grosvenor," " Overdue," 4.e.).

The following is an account set down by the second mate of one of the ships concerned in that much-debated convict-carrying trade whidn is, now receding into the far past of Empire's annals. It has comp into my bands by a strauza chance of fortune, and is, substantially, given in its original form. - " We win a not less memorable and histtecal flea than that which sailed in charge of the renowned Columbus ; but the nation was mind- ing its own business and did not heed us. So little did it attend to us that as we slowly got our anchors by the clumsy labour of the mer- chant-men, and as the yards that spread our sails leisurely mounted to their mast-heads I doubt if there was an eye on the beach or either hand of us that took notice of our departure, unless it were some lurking; .idling waterman who, sprawling with arms akimbo upon a post and chewing his black junk of tobacco, says to his companion: "Them convict ships is -off at last, Bill," and that might be all. Nevertheless we, were the ships destined by Providence to expand the empire of -out country by establishing a colony in Australia, or New Holland, as that spacious island-cern-1 tinent was formerly termed. We yere eleven ships in all—a sorrowful, melancholy, pitiful, ill-equipped, lamenting procession. We were five transports or convict ships laden with male or female felons ; and my ship, I may say here, was the " Lady Penrhyn " of three hundred and, thirty tons, manned by thirty sailors and our freight wai3 a hundred and two women. Other ships were ' the " Sirius " of twenty guns, flying the broad pennant of a Commodore, and some victualling vessels, together -with a wet and surly little craft called the "Supply," an armed tender of one hundred and seventy tons, eight guns and fifty men. These ships were to enlarge our empire by Embracing a new con- tinent which even in this year of my writing (1825) promises to rival the United States of America in the beauty and richness of its towns end cities, in the magnificence of its harbours, in the excellence and extent of its ports and the multiitude of shipping that visits them,. in the value and variety of its natural products and exports, outrivalling the opulence of Chili and Peru when those nations of the silver god were whitening the ocean with the . sails of pirate. haunted galleons. " When we -were some degrees north of the equator we fell in with such a strange and amaz- ing scene of nature that I am constrained to describe it. I never eau doubt but that the con- victs who were on deck at the time were con- vinced that the Captain had betrayed, the pro- mises of Commodore P—, who had . talked •t. them of a 'bright and flowery country, where, it they conducted themselves with propriety, they would end in becoming the mistresses of houses and land—by sailing them into a part of the uni- verse which was unknown to man and perhaps not a part of this globe, full of thunders and fires and terrors, of Pagan rites and bloody sac- rifices.

"The hour was shortly before eleven in the forenoon. All the females were on deck taking the exercise that was part of their discipline. It was extremely warm. I scar,..ely remember a hotter day. The pitch in the seams was as soft as butter and stuck to the feet, and if you touched the woodwork exposed to the • sun you raised a blister. The sea rolled softly and breathlessly. It was of the colour of brass, shining with a kind of polished mistiness under the sim which flamed with a troubled face. The walls of the sky were hung with mist amid which you dimly discerned the fignres of the distant ships of the fleet looming large and rolling sulkily, and the bowsprit of every ship, uncontrolled upon that swelling burnished surface, which looked as yellow as a guinea, pointed hi a different direc- tion.

"On a sudden it seemed to grow gloomy, as though a cloud had passed over the sun, though when I looked up I did not observe that his foggy brightness was diminished. At the same moment a tremendous commotion happened round about us, and away. For the distance of a league or tii o from the ship's sides, the water was set a-boiling, and such volumes of steam arose that you could not see the sky for them. A great flame shot out of the -xater not above a mile distant from where we lay helpless. This volcanic outburst was attended by a roar- ing noise as of shocks of thunder one after an- other. Some of the females were so afraid that they fell upon their knees, and here and there you could see a woman crossing herself. "Whilst the water still boiled a huge black whale was thrown up dead; it rose within a musket shot of us. When some of the less timid of the females beheld this tremendous appari- tion, never having seen a whale before, nor. per- haps heard of one. unless on a Sunday from the lips of theprison chaplain when he read about Jonah, whom they might have considered a hop-o'-my- thumb rather than a man to be swallowed up by and live inside of any sort of fish, they set up a screech that it was a rock, that the ship would strike upon it and sink. No one heeded them. The uproar and surprising upheaval without raised too many alarms within to suffer the cries of a few ignorant women to engage attention. " Presently the steam passed and the water ceased to boil; the colour of the ocean changed into a blood red, and a • horrid smell arose from it; the surface was covered with dead fishes: fish of all kinds and sizes ; great fishes on their backs, with their bellies gleaming white in the blood-red setting of water; strange shaped fishes on. their sides, painted as gaily as the flowers of a hot-house nosegay; long black fishes moving serpent-wise in their deadness on the swell. "The seamen got into the channels and with buckets and other contrivances drew up enough fish, some of which were already partially boiled, to serve us at both ends of the ship for half a score of meals. And let me tell you that there is not in this wide world a sweeter dish than a liberal fry of fresh fish at sea after you have • been used for many weeks to the stone- hard beef, and flint-hard biscuit on which we mariners are fed. I heartily wished that fish for the poor women had been drawn up. Had not God in this smiting of His ocean and the creatures inhabiting it, provided plenty ? Might not the haul, without irreverence, have been likened to the miraculous draught ? But the women were convicts and not to be pampered, so they went without whilst the sailors ate; though God knows ne'er a man aft or forward but would have shared his meal with( the women. For no matter in what opinion Jack may be held, he has a heart for compassion ; and if there is one man more willing than another to help a poor suffering woman, he is a sailor. "The horrible smell of the sea continued, and combining with the heat rendered the atmo- sphere scarce endurable. Some of the women gave way and swooned in earnest, so the Captain ordered all of them below. _

"The ocean remained a ghastly red until the af- ternoon, and we all pined for a breeze to blow us away clear of the smells and discoloured waters coated with dead fish, huge amongst which, and close to our ship, towered the dead leviathan of the deep, a grey and hideous object that darted wet gleams as it lightly lurched with the swell ; a menace that, unless wind came, its corruption would convert, this spot of ocean into a climate thick and noxious with the viewless fever, and the deadly unseen pestilences that stalk out of decay. " About four o'clock, how ever, the sea recovered its natural colour by deposition, I suppose, of the scarlet matter which had been upheaved into the volume of the water—as smoke spreads ant US the body of the atmosphere—by the tremendous shock at the bottom of the sea ; and shortly after our eyes were gladdened by a sight of the burnished calm in the north-east turr:mg• a ripener Puri purer tint to the busy brushing of the breeze. One by one the ships took this arc of -v4nd and swmig to it, every ship troubling th 4, loiter into foam under her bows, with the sails acrelling and glistening in the afternoon light as though wrought of silk; and thus, over the iiiow blue ocean, frolicsome with ripples, every' ripple alining with its curl of froth that san4 salt and cool in the wind, did 'the ships of the fleet, coming together, sail on; away from that circle poisoned by Volcanic spasm, and in an hour or two we bad lost sight of the rock-like loom of the dead whale. " This I have made a note of as an incident of Cormnodore P—'s voyage recorded. in. two - only of the log-books of the ships, but 'to imperfectly as to convey no idea of the wonderful scene of that submarine earthquake, and the fulness of its hoxror:l, in lightnings; thunders, vapours and

===== 0002601_19050408_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
Saturday,

[ALL• RIGHTS RESERVED.]

April 8,

BACHELOR BROTHERS,

RACHEL CHALLICE (Author of " Vexed Questions," 4.c.).

I i this age of enquiry it seems curious that so little attention is paid to an obvious leakage from the store of our nation's strength--t mean the gradual decrease of available Bachelor Brothers, and ;the consequent loss to the ever- pmcpt Spinster Sisters. Pennle flock to hear Mr. Chamberlain on the Fiscal- Question, the, speeches are read with the deepest interest, the matter is freely discussed, and it is to be hoped that some system for the improvement of our trade may be established. But the social 'difficulty of,the overstock of men in our 'colonies and the superabundance of women in England is only considered by a few would-be reformers. Mr. Chamberlain certainly spoke forcefully on the subject at the meeting of the British Women's Emigration Association at the Imperial Institute last year. Nevertheless - few steps are taken to -make emigration attractive to gentlewomen, and after all, it is more a Question, for families to arrange than for Societies to take in hand. As a barrister from New Zealand said, when speaking on the matter at the Women's Insti- tute : "We do not want the riff-raff of Eng- lish women sent to us. we want women of high character, lit to •be the Mothers of our sons." To leave our colonies without such women whilst they idle by the English hearth is poor economy. Men sent adrift with no girls of their own set at hand, often take 'to themselves wives of the " cow-boy" class if they are in the Far West, or of the barmaid type in other places. " It is not good for man to be alone," and what is he to do, if the hands of those who would have loved and tended him hang uselessly by their side at home, or toy with some fancy needlework to be sold for the baptism of black babies ?

THE ENGLISH MOTHER. AND TIIE COW-BOY " GIILL.

The seriousness of this state of affairs be- COMPS almost comic in the mouth of a lady from Manitoba who related her, attempts to save her son and his friend from marrying girls •of the " cow-boy " class : " But what was Ito do ?" she said, pathetically ; " there were no nice English girls, for them to consort with, and so my task was an impossible one. Unfortunately I had to come back to England for a few weeks ; and I saw, by the shame-faced countenances of the young men on my return, that something had happened. What is it,' I asked my son's friend ; you don't mean to say you are en- gaged to cow-boy girl '?' His silence was sufficient answer. And you, too?' I asked my son, almost fiercely. ' Yes; me too !' was the reply, regardless of grammar ; and now I try to forget that my baby grandson is con- nected with a class whose constant presence makes my son's home impossible for me." If parents gave their daughters the S/IMO com- petence as their sons, they would not be a burthen on their brothers in the event of co- emigration. The payment of their share of expenses would give the young men a pleasant some of " camaraderie," and would not the the temporary , partnership in a new world be pleasant to both ? "I suppose when you grow up I shall have to keep you ?" I once heard an intelligent public school boy say to his sister, a bright little girl of ten. " Indeed you won't ?" retorted the child, with a toss of her curls ; "I shall be able to keep myself." And the prophecy was true, for, thanks to the father giving the girl a fair educa- tion, she subsequently gained a good post as a professor of music, and made -a very happy marriage. The five other sisters were also fairly launched in life, and now have comfortable homes of their own.

GIVE YOUR DAUGHTER A CHANCE.

But fathers, as a rule, offer a " passive rer sistance " to aiding their daughters to a career of their own. The home is the one and only resource suggested, whilst the tax of a fair dis- bursement for an equipment fitting them for independence is ignored. A man I know is now quite impoverished by his sons, who one after the other closed- their college careers by marry- ing a low-clasa girl. These second-rate house- holds are supported by the ageing parent, and the sisters at home find themselves poorer and poorer as each year lessens the chance of marry- ing or supporting themselves. Would not a quarter of the money spent upon the sons have helped the daughters to help themselves? I rather think I should like to marry," said a young man I know, who has a Govern- ment appointment on Lake Tanganyka ; "but even if anybody does turn up in the neighbour- hood, a fellow can't ask her to his bungalow without a lady to entertain her. An English- woman did once come, on her way across Africa alone, but the niggers found her their match, so you can be sure she was rattler too much for a white man. It's awfully lonely out there," he added; "and it would be nice for fellows abroad to feel they have one or two pleasant homes to go to in the evening. You see, we men. when quite alone, get rather like savages, and only meet to have a feed or to play cards." • Lake Tangavyka would not commend itself to every girl, although, as a matter of fact, I learnt afterwards that my young friend and his " mate " decided to take their sisters out to Africa at th end of their respective furloughs, and one does not need to be a Miss Braddon or a Rhoda Broughton to surmise the consequence of the establishment of the two brother-and- sister menages. So if the germ of two romances was thus sown in Central Africa, how many more might be started in the more congenial lands of Canada, Australia, New Zealand, &c. Many people in our land now complain of the importation of goods without any tax payment, but may not our colonies object to the large influx of men dumped down into their midst without protec- tion—the protection of a good woman's in. fiuence ?

COLONIAL PROTECTION,

----- Well would it be -if they said : "We decline to have this quantity of men without • the necessary company of a wife or a sister to see that he has the comforts common to an English labourer at home. Men thus forlorn and cheer- less flood our hotel bars and gambling places, and soon grow unfit to be good colonists." . And what do the sisters themselves say, for it is also as their advocate that I speak? Every student of character knows the pride a young girl takes in her bachelor brothers. And, un- knowng to themselves, the first heart-beats of their young companions are for the idealised individuals of their school-fellow's relations. And how is this early dream realised ? The girls leave school to return to their different homes. Their respective mothers call upon each other; they assemble on their "At Horns" days, to drink tea and chat. But where are "Torn." " Dick." and "Harry," the lads whose qualities' stirred the admiration of the girls? They are only present in their photo- graphs, placed conspicuously on the piano or tables, for as they are clerks, doctors, barristers, Sm., they are kept at the wheel all day, and thus their acquaintance with the girls described so attractively by their sisters is nil, for the drawing-room is deserted when they return borne in the evening. Is not this social system very like that of the old-fashioned country barometer, which never permits the little man and woman—represent- ing respectively good and bad weather—to be out or in at one and the same time? and is it not curious that this system of contrary motion should be practised when propinquity is one of the great means of compassing happy, and therefore desirable, marriages? Well-dressed, attractive girls flood the drawing-rooms in the afternoon, and in the evening, when Tom, Dick or Harry could look in, they have left, and so the young men retire to music balls and hotel billiard rooms, to seek the society which they ' should find at home; and who knows whltt ittesalliancts robzlit be prevented if drawing- reerns were there 'weft us havens of Isocull re- , creation in the evening

It seem strange that mothers anxious for the mell-being of their daughters should be blind to the disadvantage of the separation of their girls from young men. The girls can- not plead' for 7thoili,elv,,, so the desert of their lives grows more and more arid, the eases of pleasant companionship, becolle wirer, and the vulture of canal picks the flesh from their bones. Would tot this oiniti fly for hence if pleasaut companionship without the traditional, warpailit suggested , 'Woks to read, Music to study, and sundry other resources for which sympathy double the interest. " lint what nonsense. !"• I hear some matrow: exclaim, ". we gave three brilliant. At Homes ' last season :"

,&'W7?=3

===== 0002601_19050408_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
1905.

WORK FOR LOVE OR WORK FOR DAY.

True, bit is it not a mockery to use the word " At. Home " to describe to gathering in which one iS anything but at home ! For can one feel at ease with only rout seats to sit on ? with re- freshments struggled for in, a seething crush ? and with an entertainment of the character of a concert hall or theatre? The daughters of the house are lost in the crowd, and " Tom," " Dick," and " Harry" wonder why they troubled to struggle with studs, stiff shirts, and dress clothes, to be bandied about like hotel waiters ! Then the time comes when the girls hear that the same " Tom," " Dick," or " Harry," are going abroad—sheep-farming, to a Government post. as a barrister or doctor in Australia or New Zealand, or the Far West—and the men fade away like the unknown ,quantity of an un- prospected land. `• But," say our bachelor brothers, " how , could we expose our sisters to the hardships of a colonial life ?" "Are such hardships," I reply, " harder than those often suffered in England ?' Work, as we know, is the least of the hard-. ships of life. The greatest call made upon sympathy is the weariness of an unwanted life. The natural fatigue of healthy effort is a feather's weight in comparison. Moreover, ~the spinster sisters left at home by the submerged bachelor brothers are frequently exposed to efforts and fatigues worse than those of a colonial life. Is ten hours' work at a type- writer, in an overheated, overcrowded office, leasjer than a day spent in cooking, cleaning, !o poultry tending in the wholesome atmos- phere of a colonial farm, would be with a brother, moreover, to share the burden of life F or is the mechanical work of copying letters more intellectual than bringing the brain to bear upon the interesting questions of farm produce or the concoction of wholesome dishes? " Wonfen can always find work in England," I hear some objectors say. Yes ; posts can occasionally be found in infirmaries and hospitals. but, as we know, the young are always preferred at such centres, and where is the provision for a loveless old age ? "But how about the tax of emigrating a daughter with a son ?" I hear it asked, and I reply: "Is not such a tax a righteous tax, both for the sake of the spinster sisters and the bachelor brothers—for the former, expatriated to a homeless life in the real sense of the word, in the colonies, and for the d ttei, exposed to an aimless existence at home P Would not the effort of meeting the expense be, a noble policy, ceinenting family relation and freeing the home of idie and useless girls ? Emigration on such lines would be shorn of half .its difficulties, for is not the companionship of a brother better than the chaperonage of a stranger ? and would .not a step favoured by the sympathetic help of the family be taken with greater gusto than unclet the auspices of a Society ?"

===== 0002601_19050408_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
HAPPY DAYS FOR BABY.

PEPTOLAXA,` The New Canadian Medicine, Cures all His Troubles.

The Healthy Child is a Happy Child. All its little troubles vanish when it is digesting its food well and is free from childish ailments. The greater part of these ailments arise from Stomach an d bowel troubles, Feverishness, Teething, Indigestion. Peptolaxa, the new Canadian medicine per- fected by the celebrated Williams, acts like magic in all these cases. rhen children are rest- less and wakeful at night Peptolaxa so infallibly gives sound, refreshing sleep that it might easily be suspected to contain soothing drugs. But . every package contains an Official Analyst's Certificate guaranteeing peptolasa per- fectly harmless and free from all opiates. It makes baby sleep because it makes baby well. Mothers who have suffered the misery of restless nights at Teething TiM3, and watched their babes in the unhelped agony of that period, will welcome the safe and certain relief with which Peptolaxa brings Teething without Tears. Mrs. Riley, 50, Panmere-street, Elswick, Northumber- land, writes of her child, to whom she had given Peptolaxa :—" Friends who saw her, and knew what a state she was in the previous day, were struck by the remarkably rapid change for the better." Peptolaxa (price Is. 11d) can be had at all branches of Boots', Cash Chemists.

004 es „so ( y,....,...- ri f , , \ - itiT ' 1 i _ 4,i4

===== 0002601_19050408_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR NOTES.

Although the Motor Car Act of 1903 has now been in force for over fifteen months, it is quite seldom that one encounters an amateur motorist who has a really clear comprehension of its various sections. This is, perhaps not very astonishing. What is sprprising is that b 0 many motoring journalists should not only have a misconception of the Act themselves, but should be so determinea to impress their mistaken notions upon others.

As an example of this we may quote a statement appearing in the motor column of one of our comtem- poraries. Says the writer : "If you have a car on trial for a day or two —or even for a week or two—there is little doubt that you can drive it where you please with the maker's plate, provided you wear it properly. But suppose you get your car on trial for a month, or three months,or twelve months? Would the police prosecute von? And if they did, would the court convict you? I am not quite so sure that they would not."

As the gentlemen appears to be,by his own confession in considerable doubt concerning the position he con- jures up, we have pleasure in explaining it to him in all its bearings. A manufacturer or an agent is only. allowed to take out upon his trial car an intending purchaser, or to test the car itself " after completion." He may not use it for running about on ordinary business, nor may he take his own pleasure trips upon it. Indeed, last year one manufacturer was summonqi—and subsequently lined for driving on his trial car, (Which bore the manu- facturers' mark assigned him), although he. was even then upon his way to pick up an intending purchaser for a trial. The act says clearly that a car so labelled can only be used for an intending purchaser, it says nothing about fetching him or taking him home, and, although so strict a reading of the section is ridiculous, it holds good.

Of course, the real trouble is that the Act was a piece of panic legislation rushed hurriedly through. Conse- quently, it is most loosely and carelessly strung together, many of its provisions as they stand being either foolish or quite unreasonable.

Our own experience leads us to believe that it is the matter of heavy repair bills whichl discourages the , budding motorist. He is prepared for the more or less ' heavy outlay, and he meets it like a man. He has also reckoned up the usual running expenses and allowed for them with generosity. But it is these occasional , bills of £l.O or £2O which stagger him. His chauffeur —through whose fauls it is more than probable that I most of the mechanical troubles have really risen—leads ; him to believe that the experience is quite usual. He insinuates that a back axle may he as easily bent as a thin lubricating pipe; but prudently says nothing of the side-slip, when driving thirty miles an hour over the ' grease, that occasioned it. In the same manner he conveys that every mishap, which is really due to his , own bad driving, is only what may be expected, and so the owner becomes dissatisfied with his new and expen- give pastime, sells the car at is sacrifice, discharges the chauffeur—and returns with added zest to ping-pong. The distressing fatal accidents which have recently occurred to two little children, both of whom, when playing in the road, wore knocked down and killed by ; motor cars, should impress upon parents the urgent necessity of keeping their little ones within bounds. It may be argued that the road is the only playground for :the children of thepoor; but Welwyn Dip—to quote one place where a fatality occurred—cannot seriously be regarded as a suitable one. The road here is narrow and very steep, dipping down as its name indicates straight into Welwyn.and with so many better places at hand all children should be warned against playing hero as danger is not only to be apprehended from cars, but from cycles and horse drawn vehicles as well.

Ruscortx Poor. RATES. The Runcorn magistrates, Messrs. Liaison and J. Littler, have signed the following poor rates :—Halton, ss, 2d. in the pound, to realise £375 15s. Id. ; Stockham, 2s. Id., to realise £7l us. !Id. ; Weston, 25., to realise .£1,333 Ss. : Norton. 25., to realise £379 Gs. ; and Clif- ton, Is. 10d., to realise £325 10s. 11d.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

sisk:GESTIBW

I The Grand Old Lady of the—Peerage—The late ! Dowager Duchess of Abercorn was one of the most re- markable women Society has ever known, and her death ! in her ninety-third Year has thrown a great many noble families into mourning. Some few months ago the I venerable duchess had a serious illness, and was hardly expected to recover, but her wonderful vitality stood ' her in good stead,and, until a recent date, her Grace was active, and took a keen interest in all her family, and social affairs. No one would have supposed from her , portrait, which was in last year's Academy, that she I had so greatly exceeded in age, the Psalmists allotted ! span, and it is only a short time ago that she was at a I wedding in company with the Baroness Burdett-Coutts, ' who is now within a week or two of herninety-first birth- day. She made her first acquaintance with Court life in ! 1824, when George IV. was King, and was from first to last a great friend of our late Queen. The Duchess was one of the beauties of the Victorian era, but though filling a prominent place in the social world, she had strong religious feelings, which dominated the course of her long and remarkable life. Her marriage with the first Duke of Abercorn took place in 1832, when she was twenty, and her married life lasted for 53 years, the Duchess having been a widow since 1885. Society in Mourning.—The Duchess was the mother of 14 children, and her direct descendants numbered 245, of whom 1,66 survive. They constitute in themselves a miniature Burke's Peerage," as nearly all the children and grandchildren of the late Duchess have inter-married into noble families. Five of her seven sons survive and also five of her seven daughters. These are the Dowager Countess of Lichfield, the Duchess of Buccleuch, the Countess of Winterton, the Marchioness of Blandford and the Marchioness of Lansdowne. It has been said that the death of the Dowager Duchess will throw half the Peerage into mourning, but though this is going beyond the mark, the sad event will have rather a serious effect upon the London season. Many members of her family, it is true' confine their entertaining to the country, but Lady Lansdowne is one of the leading hostesses in Society. The Duke of Marlborough was contemplating giving some large entertainments in his new town house this' season, as was also the case with the Duchess of Leeds, who has young daughters to bring out, and these, as well as many other social fixtures, will be affected by the death of the venerable Duchess. The Duchess's Narrow Escape.—The late Dowager Duchess of Abercorn was in the terrible railway accident which happened to the Irish mail at Abergele on the 20th August, 1868, and no doubt owed her escape from death to an alteration in the "make up" of the train at Chester. Her husband, the first Duke of Abercorn was Lord Lieutenant at that time, and the Duchess, together with several members of her family, including the pre- sent Lady Lansdowne, were on their way to join him at the Viceregal Lodge in Dublin. They were travelling in the carriage next to the engine, when by some chance circumstance three carriages were added at Chester,and placed in the front part of the train. Shortly after- MR. CHAMBERLAIN. wards there was a collision with some rietroleum trucks, and the three first carriages were instantly enveloped in flames. Their thirty-three occupants, including Lord and Lady Farnham, were burnt to death, but all the To Speak at St. Helens Early in June. remaining passengers including the Hamilton! party escaped. The Bute Wedding.—There is some disappointment in Catholic circles that the marriage of Lord Bute and Miss Bellingham is not to take place in London. Lord Bute is one of the wealthiest peers, but the splendour of a great Society wedding has no attraction for him, and it is in accordance with his wish tkat the marriage is to be celebrated in the little town of Castle Belling- ham, in County Louth. It is to take place in June, the two principal bridesmaids being Lady Margaret Stuart, Lord flutes only sister, and Miss May Bellingham. The future bride is a daughter of Sir Henry Bellingham, who comes from a very old North of England family, and it was at his second wedding with MiSsßellingham's stepmother, that Lord Bute first made the acquaintance of his fiance. He is a great sportsman, and has only recently returned from a big game shooting expedition in Africa. Up-to-date Jewellery.—The number of Society weddings arranged to take place in London during Easter week, is almost unprecedented, the reason being that only six days are available between Lent, and the proverbially unlucky month of May. Tailors, dress- makers, and milliners are working at nigh pressure, and the wedding gift problem is one'likely to weigh heavily in many quarters. Jewellery is still a very favourite wedding present, though the motor, and household furniture, have run it close,during the past two or three seasons. Jewellers are more than busy, devising new shapes and combinations, the latest tiaras being so built up that it is possible to tip them with contrasting gems For example a diamond ornament, recently ordered for a bride elect, is so arranged that it may form a tiara or necklace, as desired, a set each of emeralds, turquoises and sapphires, accompanying it, and with which it may be tipped at will. This tiara and necklace, moreover, takes to pieces, and forms corsage ornaments. A com- bination of relatives is offering this handsome present,a sensible notion which is steadily gaining ground as time goes on. Freaks in Gems.—Few people seem to be aware that there are black diamonds, which flash and sparkle just as much as white ones; that red diamonds exist, also blue, canary coloured, and grass green diamonds. Need- less to say these freaks are few and far between, and fabulous prices are demanded and given for them. With the so-called black pearl we are more familiar, but few among us have seen a mauve, or even a pink pearl. Such rarities are generally caught up by American heiresses, to whom a few thousands more or less is of little moment. Becoming Veils.—Contrary to expectation the veil is remaining fashionable, worn slightly full beneath the chin, and gathered neatly up behind. The new flesh coloured tulles, which are alrnosc invisible, and bear chenille and velvet spots of all sizes, ranging from that of a threepenny piece to one of a pin head, are the most becoming we have seen for a considerable time, and the best selection is the medium-sized velvet spot, placed at mach rare intervals that only two or at most three, are noticeable. The spots play the same part as the old world patches, and greatly enhance the beauty of the complexion and eyes. Straight Hair Worn.—A year ago it was impossible to wave our tresses too niuch:the more ondittle we could get into them, the more fashionable we were, but we have changed all that, and at the moment perfectly straight hair is modish. Only the very few to whom Nature has been generous as regar is quantity, a beauti- ful colour and sheen, would however do well to follow this idea. The generality of coiffures are greatly improved by the use ot the waving irons, but the woman who would be in Fashions's Van must remember to restrict themselves most carefully to moderation, in this direction, and by no means to puff out the hair at the sides. Fashionable Needlework.—ln the way of needlework, the barbaric and gorgeous are preferred just now, and Maori work stands high in favour. This consists of odd native designs—the form of a grotesque god being the usual centrepiece, with green scroll-like surroundings— stitched on linen canvas, and outlined in crewel stem stitch in black filoselle. Wandering touches of black, and white filoselle intermingle with the scroll design which at regular and frequent intervals shows squares of bright hued silk worked over to form other squares, with black filoselle. This work is usually made up in the form of cushions, mantel drapery, fender stools, brackets, small table covers, etc. and is most effective. Moreover it is quickiy done, and by no means expensive. Sensitive Skins.—The woman who is troubled with a sensitive skin should use for the face, and in her bath, instead of soap, a small bag made of butter muslin, and filled with some of the following mixture :—Two pounds of fine oatmeal, one quart of clean bran, three quarters of a pound each of almond meal and powdered orris root, half-a-pound of white Castile soap, and an ounce and a half of primrose sachet. This should be kept in a closely stoppered bottle, the bags being filled when required for use. MAD GE.

SEVERE pnIAT, sieNriEss.

LOSS OF SLEEP,

Colonel W. Leo Pilkington. chairman of the Con- servative party, informed a St. Helens Press representa- tive on Tuesday that it had been decided that the great Lancashire demonstration, on the occasion of a visit from Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, is to be held at St. Helens early in June. The occasion will be the annual meeting of the Lancashire and Cheshire Consery ,ti ye Workingmen's Federation, and Sir Henry Seton-Karr, M.P., for St. Helens, being chairman of the Federation, it was generally felt that his constituency had claims which could not be overlooked.

It is stated that the gathering will take place in the extensive tram-shed of the St. Helens and District Tramway Company. It is estimated that seating accom- modation will be provided for over 8.000 persons. A temporary wooden flooring will be put down, and qpecial seating accommodation provided. The acoustit pro- perties of the building are said to be all that could be. desired.

BLOOD AND SKIN DISEASES. ,

BLOOD IS LIFE: LET IT BE PURL MANY SKIN AND OTHER DISEASES ARISE FROM IMPURE BLOOD. HOW THESE MAY BE SPEEDILY CURED BY VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC.

Dr. KTRILLOFF in a paper communicated to ihe Eastern Siberian Medical Association dealt with the virtues of Seaweed in blood diseases. He said :—Sea- weed is widely used as7a food in Japan, and as it contains combined lodine, blood diseases which assume such alarming characteristics in other countries run a com- paratively mild course in Japan. Blotches and Pimples on the face and body, Scrofula, Sores, Itching, and Redness of the Skin, Tetter, and Eczema, are symptoms which indicate Impure Blood,and consequent Skin Disease. If your blood is pure your skin will be,clear and healthy looking. There is no medicine in Great Britain so effective as VENO'S SEA- WBED TONIC. It tcures by acting constitutionally-- that is by clearing the system of all impurities ; herein lies its success as a healing and strengthening medicine. If you are pale and thin, lacking energy and vitality, you are suffering from Anmmia, or in other words, poor, thin blood. VEND'S SEAWEED TONIC enriches the blood ; it creates fresh pure blood. It does this by strengthening the stomach and enabling you to eat and digest the food you eat. It is from the food you digest you get your blood.

VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC • is the medicine you require o It contains a pure palat- able extract of" Seawoed," known to possess marvelfom purifying and healing properties. Doctors use it them- selves, because it is a scientific remedy possessing the greatest therapeutic value, lake it also for CONSTIPA- TION. LIVER TROTJBLES, HEADACFIE, KIDNEY DISEASE, and GENERAL WEAKNESS, Price is. 11c1. and 2s. 9d. Ask for VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC at Chemists and Drug Stores. ,

===== 0002601_19050408_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
PvtiNCORS FLAT FATALITY.

William Joseph Harrison, fifty-two, captain of the flat Herbert, was heaving at the winch preparatory to leaving Preesall for Liverpool when tho chain broke, and a heavy block struck him on the head, rendering him unconscious. He was removed to Fleetwood Cottage Hospital, where he died.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CHAMBER OF ' COMMERCE.

The Lay-by at Walton. --- It was announced at a meeting of the Warrington Chamber of Commerce which was held on Monday that the matter of providing a lay-by at Walton was engaging the serious attention of the directors of the Manchester Ship Canal Company. The Chamber also spent some considerable time discussing the question of the nation- alization of canals. Ultimately the secretary was instructed to convene a general meeting to consider the question and to ask Mr. F. W. Monks to introduce the subject. Alderman BENNETT presented the report of the dele- gates deputed to attend the annual meeting of the Associated Chamber of Commerce. The most important question considered he said was the extension of our canal system, and after a long discussion the following resolution was carried :—" That the association recom- mends that the improvement and extension of the canal system of the United Kingdom shall be carried out by means of a public trust, and, if necessary, in combination with local or district public trusts, and aided by a Government guarantee; and that the Executive Council be requested to take all reasonable measures to secure early legislation upon the subject." A resolution in favour of a Royal Commission to consider whether our present system is the best possible system of conduct- ing our railway, and whether it might not ultimately be for the advantage of trade and the benefit of the State that they should become national property was defeated by a large majority. Alderman Bennett gave a very , comprehensive resunui of the business done at the meet- ing of the Association which however contained matters oittle general interest. On the motion of Mr. KnioooN, seconded by Mr. JOHN FAIRCLOUGH, the secretary was cordially con- gratulated on his recent appointment as chairman of the Education Committee, a similar compliment being paid to the deputy-chairman (Alderman Pierpoint), who has for many years been prominently associated with the Chamber.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
PERAI.RNENTLY CURED

MOTHER SIKHS SYRUP..

Mr. Walter Bauch, Tobacconist, Snow Hill, Wolverhampton, writing on Nov., 10th, 1904, to the Proprietors of Mother Seigel's Syrup says I—" The cure wrought in me by Mother Seigel's Syrup has, I am glad to say, Proved most thorough and Permanent. After twelve years or more I am still in good sound health a fact which I think proves the worth of your- excellent medicine. "I had endured all the tortures of in- digestion—severe pain, sickness, and loss of sleep, when my brother who is a well- known Chemist in Birmingham, advised me to take the Syrup. Where doctors had hopelessly failed Mother Seigel's Syrup speedily and effectively cured, and as L say, that cure has been permanent."

You can test The truth of Ms statement for one penny, by writing to Mr. Bunch, or you can prove for yourself the curative `balue of Mother Seigers Syrup for half-a-crown, by obtaining a bottle from your Chemist, and taking it according to. the directions.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
added a goal to the score. Bradford kept up their fine play, and, passing magnificently, penned Oldham in the quarter line. Another dead ball was conceded on. the Oldham, side the visitors' defence being good. Surman, rIRICKETBRS I HUSSEY'S Demon Driver Bats are the however, dribbled over and scored another try, Mosby N_Jf grandest made. BUSSEY'S New Match Balls retain their failing at goal. Oldham worked their way along touch shape, and last longer than any others. HUSSEY'S Leg to the centre but Greenwood went away in splendid Guards are exceptiooally good. HUSSEY'S Hatluq Gloves are style, and Oldham had to defend their line again. Half- far superior to the usual class. HUSSEY's Bags are made to time :—Bradford,ldham out-pled their opponents, and eight points ; Oldham nothing. In wear. BUBBLY'S Diary and Companion is a gem for 64. u Apply for HUSSEY'S Catalogue from Local Sports Outfitters; the second half O , ?6 and 38 Queen Victoria Street, London. Factories; early on Lees scored a try, W out-plied Fergusoni. averted. Peckham, London; and Binaswell. Suffolk. The remainder of the game was full of incidents and at times exciting, the play on both sides being very keen, but nothing further was scored. Bradford will meet Warrington in the semi-final at Rochdale. The gate money amounted to £496. BROUGHTON RANGERS v. WAKEFIELD. This season Wakefield have beaten Broughton Rangers twice in League games, and at one time on Saturday it seemed likely they would repeat their previous per- formances. The game was full of exciting incidents. During the first ten minutes Wakefield were hopelessly outclassed, but afterwards they played splendidly, and • not only wiped off what the Rangers had scored against For the second time tilts season Wigan have made them but entered on the second portion of the game their exit from the intermediate rounds in the Northern with anadvantage of three points. The Rangers played Union Cup competition. Wigan came to Warrington a determined game, and when Harris kicked a penalty fairly confident of success and brought with them a goal and brought Wakefield's lead down to ono point large following of supporters before whom they were the visitors' defence appeared to collapse completely. most ignominiously defeated. In addition spectators Their downfall came in the last quarter of an hour came in the hundreds from Leigh and Widnes with through a brilliant piece of play by Hogg. He scored the result that all previous records in regard to the a try after dribbling the ball half the length of the "gate "were broken, 12,730 paying for admission, the field and al so dropped a fine goal. in the closing stages receipts being £406 10s. Warrington turne I out as the Rangers had a warm time, but they kept Wakefield selected but on the Wigan team Hopkins re-placed from scoring' and gained a well deserved victory. A Thomas at half-back. The teams lined out as follows : fine game was marred by some rough play. Several Warrington—Hallam, back ; Fish, Isherwood, Dickin- players were cautioned and two Oram and Cox, were •son, and Kenyon, three-quarter backs ; D. Davies and sent off the field.—Rangers, 5 goals, 2 tries (16 points) ; Brooks,half backs; Preston,Boardman, Shugars, Thomas. Wakefield, 2 goals, 2 tries (10 points). • Jolley, Swift, Belton, and Haigh, forwards. HULL KINGSTON ROVERS v. HUNSLET. Wigan—Mason, back; Leytham, Carey, Harris, and , Trehearne, three-quarter backs; Hopkins and Trezise, in the match at Hull the home team opened the score half backs; Brown, Collin, Barton, Tyrer, Whittaker, thanks to the resource of Barry, who by feinting baffled Osborne, Watkins, and Vickers. forwards, his opponents and then dived through to the line. After The referee was Mr. W. McCutcheon, Oldham and the this Hunslet obtained a penalty goal, but the Rovers advanced their score by another try, which was con- 'touch judges, Messrs. J. H. Houghton (St. Helens) and F. Kennedy (Broughton), verted. Rovers, 8 points; Hunslet 2 points. Brown started for iVi,„aan who at once attacked Fish THE GATES. Hallam and Isherwood, dealing with respective efforts by Carey, Tresize and Laytham. Eventually Warring- ton took up a strong position, and several scrimmages ensued near the Wigan line. Fish put in a splendid run, but was tackled by Mason. From a scrimmage near half-way Brooks punted down the field Mason mulled badly and before he could recover Preston took the ball out of his possession and scored, adding a beautifully-judged goal. Warrington were completely outplaying their opponents. their tackling being so keen that Wigan backs were unable to make any headway. Free kicks placed Warrington on the defensive. Fish got away nicely, and Masou mulling his kick Dickinson broke away, but held the ball a little too 'long. Wigan rallied, and their forwards showing an .improvement Warrington were compelled to fall back. Kenyon stopped a couple of strong efforts by Carey before Warrington again took up the attack. Fish was 'held up 00 the line and Kenyon met with a similar fate •on the other wing. Mason was again at fault with a kick from Hallam who followed up and started the Warrington backs going. Splendid combination was shown and Dickinson made an opening for Kenyon who 4-aced over. Preston's kick at goal failed. Halt-time: Warrington 1 goal 2 tries, Wigan nil. The second half/ was a repetition of the first Wigan being out classed in every department. Preston narrowly missed a penalty goal, when some pretty combination ended in Warrington's lead being further increased Davies secured from a "scrimmage and the hal went to Isherwood via Brooks and Dickinson. Isher- wood with a fine burst of speed broke through the Wigan backs and passed to Fish who raced over. Fish crowned the effort with a fine goal. After this Warrington took matters more easily being content to prevent Wigan from scoring. Wigan strived hard to improve their position but with one exception never looked like scoring, the • exception being when Treherne was pushed into touch at the corner. Final: Warrington 2 goals 3 tries (13 'paints), Wigan nil.

FOOTBALL.

The returns show the fol/owing figures : Attendance. Receipts. Oldham and Bradford 20,000 ... 617 Hull Kingston Rovers and Hunslet 13,000 ... 481 Warrington and Wigan Broughton Rangers and Wakefield Trinity 6,774 ... 166

OLDHAM v. BRADFORD. The fact that Oldham and Bradford are leading the way in the struggle for thoLeaguechamnionship helped materially to swell the crowd at Watersheddings. Oldham were short of R.L. Thomas, and the Committee decided to transfer Spottiswoode from the three-quarter line to the position of full back—a decision which sup- porters of the club viewed with some anxiety, because It was experimental. In both halves Oldham did far more aggressive work than their opponents, and only the stoutest and surest -of defensive games kept them out. Ten minutes before the interval the Bradford line had a remarkable escape. Cash .-,athered the tall from a kick across and fairly threAdinself at the line. The referee ruled that a tackle had saved the situation by inches. Twice Ferguson had chances—one an easy one—to give Oldham a penalty goal, but he failed on both occasions. It was a fierce game, played in good spirit. Bradford's rushes were full of deadly earnest and often imperilled Old- barn's weakened defence. Final : No score. THE RE-PLAY.

The cup'tie was replayed at Bradford on Wednesday before 15,000 spectators. A strong breeze blew straight down the field from the Park goal. \T he changes from Saturday in the Bradford team were Sharratt and Thrasher for Feather and Westmorland in the nack. On the Oldham side Spottiswod went from full back to three quarter back, his place being taken by Owens. Cash went from three-quarter back to half back, and Owen's place in the pack was taken by Wright. Give- and-take play took place at the start, and at the end of five minutes Marsden passed to Mosby, and the latter gave a try to Eagers. ~Gunn failed at goal. A minute or two later offside play incurred a penalty, and Mosby

===== 0002601_19050408_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

First Division.

LEEDS v. WIGAN.

At Wigan on Wednesday, before 2,000 spectators. Leeds winning the toss, played with the wind in the first half, and although they had the worst of matters managed to score just before the interval through Leonard, Littlewood failing to convert. In the second half the home team pressed almost continually,but they were unable to penetrate the visitor's defence.

WAKEFIELD TRINITY v. HUNSLET. At Wakefield on Wednesday. The Trinity had the best of the game and won by 7 points to 2 points.

Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

The usual meeting was held on Sunday last when there was a fair attendance. Mr. R. Mills presided and spoke of the great pleasure the meetings gave him, and wished more men of the town would come and share in the services. Mr. Walter Hibbert, of Manchester, was the speaker and spoke upon "Thirsting for God." As the body had its thirst, so the soul thirsted for God. Let us try to remove, said he, all hindrances to the satisfy- ing of the soul's great thirst. Let us cultivate a thirst for everything noble, lovable and generous. Mr. Payton, Mus. Bac., presided at the organ. Miss Sumner saw, sweetly "Rest" and "There is a green hill." Mr. C. Cotton also took part in the meeting. The Secretary welcomed five new members total now, 438 for the first month.—The Sick Club members met on Monday night last for their annual meeting, and after meeting all liabilities, agreed to divide ss. to each member who had not received during the year sick-pay for more than three weeks.—The Savings Club has already about 130 s. deposited from between 70 and 80 depositors belonging to the P.S.A. brethren.—Wycliffe P.SA. is in a healthy condition.

CORONER'S APPEAL TO M.P.'s.—ACT WANTED TO SAVE 800 CHIDREN'S LIVES A YEAR.

"I am almost tired of talking about these burning fatalities, but I shall keep at it until something is done to prevent them," said Coroner Brighouse, at St. Helens on Tuesday. It was the old, story of an unprotected fire, even the fender having been placed on one side to keep it clean. Fireguards were cheap enough for poor people in these days, the Coroner went on. Over 800 children lost their lives every year simply through Iparents neglecting to take the ordinary precautions from fire. If it was a horse' a pig, or a dog, all sorts of precautions were adopted, but children were allowed to wander about houses with unguarded fires. Sooner or later there must be legislation. "If members of Parliament would for one afternoon devote their time to the passing of a new Act, making it an offence to leave children in a room where there is an unguarded fire, and, at the same time, make it an offence for a woman to go to bed drunk and take her infant with her, much good would be done and many valuable lives saved.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION CUP.

WIGAN'S SECOND EXIT. ----- Heavy Defeat at Warrington.

DY ARIRIS Si4R6AND 11-4oR Qr"DAGOBRA'; UNWEAKABL.E 47-4

D A A G A&

\ advanced, smiled, and shook hands with the \ two ladies. " You're just in time for some tea, Mr. Porteous," Mrs. de la Mothe said, sweetly. "I forget; do you take sugar ? " "No sugar, thanks," the young man replied, seating himself wearily on a straight• backed chair, and laying his hat and gloves on the floor. "Would you rather have a whisky-and- soda ? " she asked. "Yes, I know you would. Just touch the bell." He laugaed, and pressed a small button on the rignt of the fireplace. Mrs. Mixon's :face was a 4:tidy in several subdued shades of disapproval. She had her own opinion of young men who drank whisky-and-soda for tea. When the servant had brought in a tumbles, a syphon of' soda, and a small decanter of whisky, John ' Porteous poured himself ' out a drink, and gulped down half of it at a single draught. Mrs. Mixon made a mental note that it was a very strong con- coction. even for a young man who was, in her opin'on, a confirmed drunkard. Mrs. de la Mothe noticed that the hand trembled as he raised the glass to his lips, and a faint smile of satisfaction crossed her face. Jack Porteous, the manager of the South Kensington branch of Hetherington's Bank. was a tall, bearded, broad-shouldered young fellow of thirty-one, who had risen to his present position by sheer hard work and an extraordinary capacity for management and. organisation. His face was deeply lined for so young a man, and those who said that he was scarcely old enough to be in his present position were ignorant of the fact that for the last eight years he had compressed work of two years into every twelve months. The face was a handsome one, but it was aot a pleasant face to look upon, even when it had brightened somewhat after the long draught of whisky-and-soda. A close ob- server would have said it was the face of a man who had sold all happiness for the sake of success. Yet one woman knew that Jack Porteous was willing to barter all success for love, and that the strong principles which had bound him for fa lifetime were threads that she could snap at touch. The three talked, of commonplace subjects, and Mrs. ,Mixon was by courtesy. allowed to monopolise •as .much of the conversation as she. chose. She turned it to theatrical

CHAPTER L THE TEMPTRESS

MRS. Gs LA MOTHR sat alonc in her pretty drawing-room in Kensington. A single standard lamp with a fluffy pink shade threw a rose-coloured light on her face. A book lay open on her knees, but it was evident that her thoughts were far away from its oontents. She was twining , her hands to- gether nervously, and the jewelled, rings flashed GA her thin white fingers. Every row and then he looked at the little ormolu clock on the mantelpiece. , Marie de la, Mothe was a beautiful woman; there were those who thought her the most beautiful woman. in the whole wide world. She was not yet thirty, and the contour of her head and features had been pronounced by the most eminent sculptor of the day to he perfect. On this particular evening they seemed almost too perfect too " icily regular, splendidly null." The face was motionless, save for the large restics3 eves, as still as though it had been cut out Of a' block of marble. She was wont to move through the world with that .cold, white face. Yet more than one man could tell to his cost how it had softened, and how the tender glow of love had crept into the flash- ing eyes; aye, and could tell, too, how the features had hardened again e he had pleaded in vain and poured out wild words from a broken heart.

And Marie de la Mothe's vocation in life was to play with hearts, and break her toys when they ceased to amuse ',ler or when they ceased to be profitable. She had been a widow for five years. Some said that Mr. de la Mothe was still alive; others took him on trust ; a few were rather doubtful whether he had ever existed at all. But all agreed on one point that his widow cherished no particular, affection for his memory. She new the world's opinion of her, and smiled on it contemptuously. In one sense of the word Mrs. de la Mothe was a "good woman." Mrs. Grundy, in whose eyes there is only one kind of -virtue, could have inspected her book of life and found therein no blot of any serious con- sequence. But judged by a higher and less narrow standard of morality this beautiful woman was bad to the very core. She had never erred through love, yet many had erred through love ,of her. She moved on, calm and scatheless, through a storm of passions and left behind her a broad track of misery and despair, and even death.

matters: 'the other two lit cigarettes, and . only occasionally expressed a remark. At last Mrs. Mixon caught her employer's eye, and, rising to her feet. ," - a decire to find sr,me-

There was no sound In the room but the soft spluttering of the fire in the grate and the ticking of the clock on the mantelpiece. The door opened, and a neat maidservant brought•in tea. Mrs. de la Mothe rose, and went over to the window. The rain pattered against the glass. It was a miserable Novem- ber afternoon. A dull yellow mist shrouded the square on the other side of the road. A line of iron railings and a few gaunt, leafless trees loomed out in the light of the street- lamps. The pavement glistened, and every- thing seemed to drip as though it had been baeed in tears. She turned away from the melancholy spectacle, and regarded the tea-table with satisfaction. It was li.ze looking from a vision of death to all that made life worth living. " Draw the blinds and curtains, Lucy," she said, quietly, crossing over to the fire- side, and settling herself in a low chair. The maid shut out the last dim light of the miserable autumn day, and, moving to the door, stood there as though expecting some further orders.

"Oh, yes," Mrs. de la Mothe said, mechanic- ally. "Tell Mrs. Mixon that tea is ready." In scarcely more than a minute Mrs. Mixon appeared. She was a lady of about fifty, and rustled like a withered leaf. In appear- ance she was tall, angular, and formidable, the personification of respectability, a chaperone par excellence, paid in proportion to her severity. Yet in reality she was a creature as mild as milk, a household drudge, whose work was less noble than that of the sculler Y-maid ; for she had to pretend to be that which she could never be—the stern guardian of Mrs. de la Mothe. She sat down by the tea table and dis- coursed with feeble persistence. Her em- ployer did not trouble to answer her with more than an interrogative " Yes" or "No." and whenever the conversation grew too brisk she offered her a piece of cake or bread- and-butter. In all cases this proved an effective remedy. Mrs. Mixon ate heartily, and, Of course, she could not speak when her mouth was full. .

' Suddenly there came a violent ring at the bell, and a faint flush came to Mrs. de la. Mothe's white cheek. Mrs. Mixon 'stopped with a piece of cake held close to her mouth, and listened as though she hoped to rccog- St' Some voice. - -

..... " Whoever can that be, my dear ? " she Murmured. The young widow did not reply, but her eye-, flashed, and Mrs. Mixon hurriedly thrust the cake into her mouth, and took a long gulp of tea. A few moments passed, and footstens were beard on the stairs, and the maid uihered a young mati into the room. He stood for a Moment on the threshold, and frowned *lightly as he saw Mrs. Mixon. Then he

The Examiner, Saturday, April 8, 1905.

another cigarette, looked away from her to the hre.

How mur:h have you—have you lent me up to now? " she asked. £6,355." he replied, still watching the glowing coals. " You are exact," she said sarcastically: ".Yon evidently have the figures at your finger ends."

" I am likely • to remember the fig,ttres," he answcnxl, " every penny has had to be accounted or in some way or other." " Have you included the interest ? " " You have paid me the interest up to date," be answered.

She flushed and rose to her feet imperiously: " Do you think my love is to be bought 1 ' she cric.J. " I tell you a millionaire has tried to buy it before now, but he has not had enough money to do so. It certainly could n'.)t be.bought by you, Jack Porteous." "No, no," he answered hastily, rising, and crossing to her side. " I did not Mean that, Marie, I 'know that you love Me. I know that, at any rate, or I would not—oh, my God, you do not realise yet what it means." She laid her hand upon his arm, and looked up into his. face. " T realise What it means," she said slowly, "and lam going to repay you. You must lenyc England the day after to-mdtrow."

" The dav after to-morrow ? " " you must make some excuse ; illness, death in the family, anything, but you must leave the day after to-morrow. I have taken eon a berth on the Oroquoya for Buenos Ayreg. Your name is Mr. Hubert Baring." " But von ? "

"I will follow by the next boat a fortnight later, f vill join you at the Hotel Andalusia in Buenos Ayres. Wait for me there. Give me I. i•have a few things to settle up before I. leave England. Your ticket has taken all my spare cash." He counted out the notes and handed them ta her.

" I have not decided to go yet," he said, " but you are welcome to the money." "I have decided for you," she replied curtly. • " That is why I took the responsi- bility of booking your passage. There is no question of decision now ; the die is cast ; you have burnt your boats. In a few days-"

"I know, I know," he cried, turning away from her, and clenching his hands. " You need not remind me ot what I have done—of what I am."

She came towards him, and, placing her arms around his neck, looked pleadingly into ltis face. He caught her face between his two strong hands, and gazed earnestly into it as though trying to read the truth from he eyes. Then he kissed her passionately. " I will come, dearest," he said.

She went over to an escritoire, and, taking out an envelope, handed it to him. It was his ticket to Buenos Ayres. He put it in his pocket. He was like a /child in her hands. His career, his honour, 'his self-respect, were all at her feet, and she h'ad trampled them in the mud. Yet, while she was in his arms, he thought all the world well lost for love. "You will go the day after - to-morrow ? " she whispered. "Oh, heavens, if it should he too late—at any rate, you can conceal your- self till the ship starts. You will, of course, disguise yourself ? "

" Yes, he replied, " I shall disguise myself: I shall shave pff my beard nnd moustathe." " And your wife ? ' she said in a low, hard vole,.

nen • limier and deliudely-nurtured girl did a strange thing. thing that she was sure would interest Mil He turned away from her, and his fai Porteous; some old programmes of Drury I whitened, Lane in 1852. She laboriously explained that "My wife? " he repeated slowly, "mI they were at the bottom of a large trunk, but wife, oh, she will be glad. - And he laughed. that they were things that every young man "Her life has been a hell. She has money a should see. She asked to be, excused. The her own. She will not starve, but____'' others raised no objection, Mr. Porteous She threw her arms round his neck and suggesting that he would be delighted to see kissed him. She knew what was in his mind. , anything Mrs. Mixon might possess 'relating to A child branded with its father's shame the theatre. She left the room, closing the I She did not wish to hear it f. She tried t. ° eo door behind her, and feelifig that she was stifle the words up on his lips But he loosed earning every penny of the salary Mrs.. de la himself gently from her -clhsp and looked Mothe paid her. hesitatingly at the door. When she ha er gone Jack Porteous crossed " He. is too young to know'V " she said: over to the young - widow's side, and. seizing I " They will keep it from him; Nhy do you her hands in his, pressed them passionately to think of him ? Do you think lam giving up his lips. nothing ? Have you a thought for me ? " Marie," he said hoarsely. She leant a You ardo selfish, jack, selfish. It is 'a•-ny little forward and looked into 14s eyes. The Tiosition that ' should 'trouble you, not-L -----" cold mask had fallengfrom he features, and - her whole " I sliall gearry you," he said, and h tender face glowed with a tender light. It glow of lave came into his face. 7My was now easy to understand why some men darling, lam a brute. You are all the. world had called her the most beautiful -woman in ' all the world. to Inc. What else matters so • long as you are mine ? " " Jack," she whispered in a low voice, "my And again he kissed her, and yet again. dear, old jack," and, drawing her hands from A footstep and the rustling of silk was his, she placed them on his forehead and smoothed back the hair from his bros. He heard in the pas Sage outside. They sprang seized her in his arms and kissed her passion- apart, and he seized his hat and gloves as the atelv. Then he suddenly started back, as door opened. Mrs. ! Mixon entered. She though he had been stung, and buried his face looked at both of them, but could read in his hands. The woman leaned back in her nothing from their faces. jack Porteous had • apparently risen to say " Good-bye." chair and frowned. In fifty previous cases She produced half a dozen mouldy play- the movement' of disgust would have been a bills. He took them from her with a show source of pleasure to her cruel mind. It of interest, and ran his eA4 over the names. denoted the agony of the victim. But. in this particular case Marie de la Mothe had met her She insisted on his sitting down, and pro- ceeded to give a graphic account ct every ! mateh. She had played with love for her own performance. describing the actors and ends, and had conguered. But the battle had been a Pyrrhic victory. She had lost more actresses with such minuteness of detail that . ! a than she hacl gained. For the first time in her f lift. she was in love. And the ,knowledge was dearest friends. bitt2tness to her. Mrs. de la Mothe yawned, and closed 'her - Well," she said coldly after a pause. - eyes. 0 4 At last Jack Porteous took advantage of a The man lifted his 'Ya6e from his hands. It was haggard and' drawn, and tt break in these reminiscences, and said he lines were deep lines of round the firm mouth.. Ile feared he would have fiti go. He rose, and pain recovered himself and laughed. ' . said "Good-bye " to lqrs. Mixon. She still " It's all right," he said in alow voice. ," I had two whole programmes that required Uave them here," and -he tapped the breast explanation and comment. He agreed to pocket of his coat. . call again at an early date, and still further The woman smiled and held out he.r hand. augment his theatrical knowledge of the He drew out a- thick roll of notes, and counted early fifties. Mrs. de la Mothe accompanied' them. .. , him to the hall-door. She held out her hand, " Fifty," he said mechanically, "of a h.., raised it to his lips• hundred each." V. T' Good-bye, dearest," he said. ".1 shall . pp an board the Oroquoya the day after ' At on- dmaci rurs? aw .i n I:B'ouleinows'illA3,fi,riesid,,me at the hotel She took them from hiM and turned diem over one by one. " How long have we got ? " she 'asked . , abruptly. " I will not fail you, jack," she answered. " Perhaps a week," he replied. " Perhaps "Good-bye, darling I Be careful for my , two or three days; perhaps a bare twenty-four sake." hours." " I will be careflil," he said, slowly, " for • " They must be turned into gold,", she said, your wake." '1 hen he looked round the , ror -notes of smaller value." elm:ay hall, . and kissed her once on the lips. She handed the packet back to him. He " Till. we meet, again," he said, hoarsely— !' till- ‘k e meet- aectin I " i replaced them in his pocket, and, lighting -, --

~ ......... . - in ' • , .••• , ~.. , . --.. , , ii,c,,,,,:„. ~...,, ...._. • ~. ..,"... A .4. . . ei„:„,,,,,,, .0,...,44" ,oi• • ..,,,/,.., ...,,--4v-----fri .-,,,,,f ~,... -,;--= .. ''•\ `ll/4.,-.,\'A' _ . ...• „T ....-•,,,...

~.-...-.-•<-,--:. - expressed . -",..z<.77-*-,........,--‘,N....._ - • ---- ~,,„-,.„-s•--v-,,,,..-....‘,- 7t7----i: • , 7- '-c.„ --', • ---,-...i,:5.., \ \\'';.4-.. 4. 4' .- • --: -, ---- - ~„ r'''‘,.Ns 'N', • .., . < • --: , ~... ...„,-;%,..74--1-_----,...,-....,„ • .... ---....----- , -_,,..--4,..e . ......• . • - ~.„,,,, -,,,--,,,,,...0 -.,,„..,,,,,-.'• -- - - -....-t.„-.N.,- : -•-•::•,-,N,„„. ‘.---,z,...„_,.; • .. ' # a ~,#-, . .. „„ , „ ~._ -- ~.. , • ~ ‘,.....,.. , ~.„ ~.,11.: -....., • .„„, , '-".-s•t-,\,_`‘,-, , A .N., :--", *--.‘ ,-.-. - , ,','",N.:s - -::---, ..- fi'....; . ~...-ts.„4„‹,‘,„--...„,:.---..N„,,,,,, - ..4,.\\, -.., '-‘,..,,,, --• .„.„:...,„,,,,-..„: \ '...,....,,:- --,,,,,--„...----.. .:„..>••, 's ..' '.... ....."' ~.kft,i„,„'N - • . ~.N.4„,... ,A ......,,,..., :,,„ ~,,,ki.tk\ . A.... .. s >,........... • '-, ",,, - 1/4 • ..;;S„. "Iliik. ..........v. skz, \ \\ \.`- ' . ''',..%•••, ..„ .•..„, -_.,,, , ••••... , 'N.-Ns . - -,‘„;..•t5.-,.......N,„.,.....', ' N „...,„.. .„.... ~.„....,,,,,.: ,-\ 1 „..,,. ,;,0,....,.,,i0:' • \ ,`,....5.,,,,, ',„. , 5.,.',N,:, , 4.10. j.-,,,..- --.. ----_-,-*--> _' ' ....'t ': .!,‘‘' N' ~ ''' .V:' 4. 4:4,' .- ' '•••••!4, tk''..\ \ \ \'N \ • 'N'if - :VIA ----.., .--, , --.,, .---,v,,,---,....--..,---z.--,N--„, Ns. '4 .• • \ .°'''lk • •''•;••• N.,N,‘ . ''i '•. ',0,• •' ' ~.'47,-' . .\`..'`'' 7-1--i-'5 '''•••k°,\\.N,\\N N `‘,,,., -' -.,'•,..-0: - \ N,,,...\:' ~''- -,'••• 41''',,-, ' A'' ; .1 - • ,i,., .... , .... ,„•i_ :!:.., .., ~, •' .....-,,,,,,- 'N. - 4. .y.v...,. ~.. .......„.„,.. ...- , : .'..,,;..;.;,4 . ~••• ~,-..k.:2- ' ~ -..k....,..,./i,5V....,.,,,.,,‘,,,,,z, ‘,.: ~ A .. ~,` , ~'''4'.'+‘••k•., '.•.,...‘ ,\:..,;(\\,\ .. 'v.,- „,,,,...... "......... ' , ikkINN ~e,N0.,,-4,4.,-, -4.1)1,4,-;,,,A`k, \'W,,. ___-_,1:0,• ./ a •,...-,t, N,- ..,•••• \ ‘•••,:\ \\ • *'' '''' . . 4-..: Fi&`....NA'it.k.,:...\. '''..,A--17.--.:4* ' 77' 1-4,--"vvilw.---- .. ~i..• .1, ~...„ 1E - ''l/4:1b): s'''',...N ' • , A.\ .. ''''.=-1,...- \ NA, `,-..5",- -, -'• .....:4 •••• •• -, ._'. 4•447i,P , `i,,,,`,1 :'••17 ." ,r-..,•, k \ Ife \ ..:...,....!._. N.N.N, •••\ . - - s.,z, .. ,---.- .4,4,.., . ~,...-, -,-,, ....., • , , ~, •:.k''''kxs-': -N, - • - ~,,,,=:-..:,. - trisb....4i ~;k--- : -,,,,A\ . 5... , ... :,.:11,„44 figy,-.......,., . •••••,, ' ‘.-7--- ......, '' v" • 4,.., ~ - ----- m iu • • \ , , • .•• \ , • •.., .:. ... v \\\ ~‘ ~,.,-5vt,,,... •.....45. . , ~, ,_,,,,.. , ~...40,.'',N 7, ' , \_',,,crciii', .-1,•.......... , %t •.', s: il . 1.16M-lk 'At ‘• ..,-• ~ ' •...• ~ .. 4...,:1it.:„, Afritil...- , . , -:',.,-;,, -0,•,r4 ,‘. '''''T ' '-.. - tip' '•' • k_,,.. „ . „. • , , • ~ ,;,...._______.,......:sz:_,t. c - .I, ss.'''-'44------A '' i 7')Z , ''' •Ar 7 4/ ~(,-r----ip , A .::\ - ) cz,•%-..L„ii-.-,: -,\ \ \ \ _ • , .._ ', ,--7.' -rf,---'--.< • 11/0114/.^ 1. W N 4 - --.-=---------:'• -- Q.. ..,'.. • t $ '.::‘. -i''', ..-.:* t..,-./..,.`-'-' ''.':,-, • '"' ''.-liiiin4llll - , / •••'=.‘'%•-_„,_';%_-'.,- \.. ; ' •-•-- ', • - -=-7'.,,"‹.---;-,;.,4,1 ~ --- ••,8::,-.4 ._.;•.-.•, \‘'.. . • ‘c,_ ....',:.,1%.......:......._ , 14. ss6,:‘'' \ \ ‘‘ • ~:•.':: ';''',..,. rolTTF'''''il'ill.::' P' ' ' ...' ' - 11:4,- ‘:'...A ''''..' , 'N\ • ''' ','•':,•l.r.'l ''l• 11 I,''' '' •gi .-7.7..j!,.!4"---71....,'- ":::5 \ \ 11.....7.........-- -_,......,....__„; ~`,,,, ,1.i,,,..,,,1.:...=,:\. ,*.,.-.1.:\ \ • '.'.,- Y':'.',. ;I;q;';',-.'\'. 'OA - , .7, ~, , ~, . ~.,, ss,s,,N\:, .. ~),".,..\ \, ~,.,,z,E, e,-,•,.........',..- -.4,,,, A.,...' ---'-1/-.',.....,..: irri,.................--•••=..,.• s\ ~,, i'l ii,t-t,-.. \ - ~..‘`. *\.. k t „vv.,/ 's''.,',,,..\''' &. \ 't \ , 1 \ .' : Lifitn ;'? ~/:: . .. •...., 1., ',\\.,„:;01t.,%. ~ ' ~'', ''. k pa*.ii.-k, -7---,,j. '\- - ' . . ... - _ 0i:.,;,,•8-.,,,..,-;•,, t.''''*'27:',,,,,, ...t:rovr4 • •, Arc- ....:•4'...!,.......7,...; ' 't.4 \ \ „4, .„-, :4 .4%1 ;',,,1•1, C. IC.:L''.'".:r\ . 2''':-•*- A 7..,... V••'4.l. , , ••"" ... - 0 • ...._-.....'........,......-. -....„Lin.' ....--',',:l„ t7,,,' ;Z..% :... •',',.,.... Z.'. i‘ 'S,N ~.." .., x. / ;7-3gy,,,..9 ''...............4.40,=............_.-.....',i 1::'47, . ' ~q.•4•;:t17:::,',',..-V, S A ~..q I,:v.A . 1,-. 4'-'- _-_, . ------- --- • ''f' --••••••— ~.,,,,,----.„-.-_-. •—.. n, ,:',.'',4i7.:---, Z•76,-.4.7,... ___. ~........-----__ _._ , , ~,,t ~....„... - -...-. 1; -;22.,-,-.:-...---„,7 ~..,z.--.7-ir., .; . , _-_, •.......„____,,..-...c ....---.44....4-77--------7 - - .:I__ .7:--:27. -I •-,...7:-.7".-.. _:;...7 r,..--•••.---7-,:.-7,,,,,,, \ --:.---•---, ....-4:2‘''.\"..1-14- - -- --.r.r- _„,..._.,?7-_,::, ....--..,,,•. ',..7..-,,,:i.-7.-7i :.-..--.-...z.:: c7^.l-.7"- ' - 'cl• ___-...r.--,. -..„.1...., --,-.„•-•;:-.--_-:.--,..- •:_:.---•••••:. ;1 ••.• • ~•,.-,.., ‘,........ • _•.....-...,„,:-..- ___. . __..... ...- • ',_____._. ....-------"7"-____,..-_--------••=7--- ---- --77.----.------- , 77-7,71 ,1•.77...-----,.....-_-4.7.. •••••••••••••••••_ \ -------_____--- --- .......--,_----7-:•, ...,--'77--_-•-___,_._:_—___LE-s--_-_,::_.:.-.•...1,,F,--,'-'7', _ ---- _.c.....=.7.f....____4,- __-______„=___,..._._ _________ •••- - ..,„..%-;_,4,.••••- - . -_,--:-=------ ---::-., • ,=--- --.••=7--7'.----- ______------ ' .....„,.•:•,;..."""...0-777'.- ---- -.,,,:.--- -'7,,:„•, 7.---------_--_-..!..---- „-----: ••• ,-„ . • _, . .. . . --„,„--1-4.4:•••-- ----------- -.....-,-..•-•--•-• __. ••-/-*-..-'_.....•' - - - '' ---;-,':--27---;•;•:.-----,.„---------______,.. :---7._---...-;--- -------_------ •.....--,-,......--- ---. .---------77-- S. . . _

===== 0002601_19050408_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
r Then he opened the door and passed out Into the darkness. Mrs • de la. Mothe watched his tall figure disappear through the, curtain of mist and rain. Then she returned to the drawing. room, and there in the firelight she planned out a fairy edifice of future happiness, where all the world would be glad with love. The sordid past had faded from her mind, and, looking forward, she only saw the 'glorious sunrise of a new life in a new land. _ Little did she dream what fate had in store for both of them. She did not remem• ner that the wages of sin is death.

CHAPTER H. CHE HAND OF TtlE DbAD.

WHEN 'Jack Porteous had gone a dozen yards he looked back through the fog and saw a dark figure silhouetted against a patch of lights. Then he heard the hall-door dose. And, turning up the collar of his coat, he trudged homewards along the wet pave- ment.

Every now and then two bright yellow eyes came out of the mist and glared at him, and a husky voice hailed him from the dark- ness. But he turned a deaf ear to the per- suasions of the cabmen, and continued his course on foot. • He needed physical exer- cise. His brain was .a whirlpool of tumultu- ous thoughts, and he did not wish to be alone with them in the quiet of, a hansom. He liked to feel the rain against his face and to ,grope his way through the cold fog unaided. The very physical discomfort was a tonic to his overwrought nerve.. But nothing could subdue the fire that ' was burning in his brain. The present was a confusion of wild joy and vain regret. '•The' future was, uncertain—now bright with hope, now dark with fear. The past alone was definite—a clearly-cut record of dis- honour and infidelity. He saw it all before him. The sordid I dulness of his home life. The daily quarrels with his wife. • The first meeting with Mrs. 1. de la Motile. The fascination of the woman. The desire to save her from being turned oat penniless into the streets. The first theft. The continual cry for money en some pre- text or- other. The other thefts, made easy . by the responsibility of his position. The gradual passing of friendship into love. The cEmax—reached on that very night. How clearly he saw it all ! How plain was the disgraceof it all ; and yet—he felt that he had received more than he had given. At last he reached hi.s own home. The very exterior; solid, dingy, and respectable, was repulsive to him. In his present mood it seemed to him that he was like a man who, stumbling through the darkness and seeking for light, has suddenly run crash into a blank wall. He paused at the foot of the steps leading up to the Pillared portico, and stood irresolute. A light shone in a bedroom window on, the second floor. The rest of the house was in darkness. He remembered, with an unreasonable feeling of irritation, that his wife was very economical with the gas. The house seemed even more cheerless than the wet fog outside. The very street lamp seemed a gay illumination compared to the thin yellow glow from the bedroom window. Even the hall gas had not been lit. The kitchen was in darkness. The cat, mewing pitifully in the area below, seemed to repre- sent .the entire life of the household.

He looked once more at the severe frontage of the house. There was the sound of a heavy step in the distance. PrAbably it was a policeman ; no one else would move so leisurely on such a miserable night. He did not wish to be seen. Hitherto, the police- man had been a friend watching over his interests as a householder. But to-night Porteous looked at him in a new light. The natural enemy of a thief. The symbol of the laws of society which he had outraged. _ .

_ . He turned abruptly on his heel, and walked down the street. Then he hailed .a passing hansom and drove to his club. There he had a hot bath, and dressed leisurely fox dinner. His present life necessitated his keeping a suit of dress-clothes away from home. When he came down to the smoking. room he ordered a sherry-and-bitters, and lit a cigarette. He nodded to a few acquaint• ances. and sat . down. The flames roared cheerily, and be lay back in the deep. mirocco- covered chair with a sigh' of relief. The outlook seemed more rosy in the warmth and light. For the last few years this club had represented his home life. Here he had sought rest from the nagging tongue al his wife. Here he had been able to think out his ambitious plans for the future. He smiled grimly as he thought of the splendid castle be had built. It had proved but a house of cards, and a woman's hnger had sent it toppling to the ground. He enjoyed his dinner thoroughly that night. The club was famous for its cooking, and its wines were superb. Afterwards a friend came over to his table, and the two men chatted over their coffee and cigars. The friend suggested a music hall and the bank manager fell in readily with the idea/ It was his last evening as Jack Porteous. On the morrow he intended to have his beard and moustache shaved off. From that hour he would be Mr. Hubert Baring. He had decided to take a room at the Cecil and have everything sent there. A letter to the bank that night would explain his absence. He would enclose the keys of the safe. His assistant would see that everything went smoothly. No Suspicion would arise in the minds of any of his subordinates. He was known to be an upright man, and one with whom it was advisable to keep on good terms. The whole of the next. day would be spent in completing his purchases and making arrange• ments for his voyage to South America. He had resolved to cash L. 1,000 of the notes openlyat the Bank of England, and get rid of as many of the others as he could at the' various shops. The whole scheme was simple and apparently . safe. It would be hard to trace the man who cashed the notes a week after ,he bad sailed. Yes, to-morrow he uould be Hubert Baring. It would be the first day of his new life, . But to-eight he was Jack Porteous and he made up his mind to enjoy himself. .

The two men decided to go to the Empire. and they passed a very pleasant evening in the lounge. Afterwards they drove back to the club and stayed there for over an hour. Then Jack Porteous took a cab hoine. The rain had stopped, but the fog had grown more dense, and the drive was long and wearisome. At last the cabman found the house. Porteous paid . him hanelsomely, and mounfed the steps with unsteady feet. He had had a considerable amount to drink that evening. The house was in absolute darkness. The Fog was so dense' that he could only just see the nearest street lamp.. It was no more than a dim yellow circle of light. He heard the muffled beat of the horse's hoofs as his cab drove slowly, away. He leaned against the pillar, and listened till the sound died away in the distance. Then all was silence.

For quite five minutes he did not move. A sudden and unecnquerable fear had seized him. He ,felt that he dare not enter the house. In his oWn drunken imagination the dark walls seemed like a tomb. His soul cried out for light. The fog was like a funeral pall. He turned and fixed his eyes on the one yellow glimmer below. It suggested a distant light- house—a hope and guide for the storm-tossed mariner. He cowered against the pillar, and ciutched the stone with one hand.

Then suddenly from the distance came the sounds of a piano playing "Home. Sweet Home" with infinite variations. The music oroke the spell that was upon him. He drew isimself upright, and listened, Then be lasighed bitterly and looked at the wall ot stone that towered above him, Home, sweet hornet _

===== 0002601_19050408_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Lb o be continued.

Old Soaps

Nobody wants the old soaps after using Fels-Naptha once. But go by the book. Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street Loncto E C

===== 0002601_19050408_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
)

'GHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,376.

NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used In the Royal LausdrieS. Should be usei in every hon Se. Once tried, cleave anted. MAKEI OLD LINEN LIKE NEW, The greatest boon ever offered to the laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laca., ttc. It does nut stick to splder-w63-.lke materials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id., 3.i., and Bd. each. PRnPARED ..Ntir nv T, eineritLisr. Chemist. sLnewscritN. 7, Whitecross Street, London, 11.t.L.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. •

===== 0002601_19050408_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
SCRATCHED DAY AND NIGHT

Lady CLlffered Tortures with Itching - Scalp Humour—One Box of Cuti- cura Ointment and One Cake of Cuticura Soap Cured Her.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL NEVER BE WITHOUT CUTICURA

"My scalp was covered with little pimples and I suffered tortures from the itching. I was scratching all day and night, and I could get no rest. I washed my head with hot water and Cuticura Soap and then applied the Cuticura Ointment as a dressing. One box of Cuti- curh. Ointment and one cake of Cuticura Soap cured me. Now my head is entirely- clear and my hair is growing splendidly. I have used Cuticura Soap ever since, and. bhall never be without it. (signed) Ada C. Smith, 309 Grand St., Jersey City, N. J., U. S. A."

===== 0002601_19050408_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
CUTICURA GROWS HAIR

Crusted Scalps Cleansed and Puri- fied by Cuticura Soap,

Assisted by light dressings of Cuticura, the great skin cure. This treatment at once stops falling hair, removes crusts, scales, and dandruff, destroys hair para- sites, soothes irritated, itching surfaces, stimulates the hair follicles, loosens the scalp skin, supplies the roots with energy and nourishment, and makes the hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy scalp when all else fails. . . _

Complete external and internal treat- ment for every humour, from pimples to scrofula, from infancy to age, consisting of Cuticura Soap, Ointment, and Pills, may now be had of all chemists. A single set is often sufficient to cure the most distressing cases of torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, crusted, and pimply skin and scalp humours, ec- zemas, rashes, irritations, and chafings, with loss of hair, when all else has failed. Cuticura. Soap, Ointment, and Pills are told throughout tine world. Depots: London, 27 Chart erhouse Sq.; Paris, 3 Rued. Is raiz; Australia, R. Towns & Co.. Sydney. Potter Drug al Chem. Corp., Boston, IL S. A., Sole Props. 0-3 Send tor "flow to Cure Every Llumour," and "Row to Dave 13eautitul hair." Mailed Free.

OLD EVERYWHERE at Is. lid., 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d., and le,

===== 0002601_19050408_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
Otsbridge9s LUNG TONIC,. -

THE WORLD'S CURE

FOB, COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS,' ASTHMA, &a.

THE BEST FAMILY IkIEDICINE. KAYE'S WORDSELL'S PILLS

Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliooscess. fieti.uthe Dyspepsia. Constipation, Liver and Kidoev Oomolaints,rto. For lAdies of ail ages they are invaluable. Of all Chemists, 11. ltd., 28. 9d.. and 48. 6d. per box or post free on receint of stamps to DEPOT. 13. st George Street. Norwich.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
TEN

ENT'S

TRADE MARK

===== 0002601_19050408_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
LAGER BEER;

GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM SEDIMENT

To be obtained from M. WALKER & SONS LTD., Froghall Bridge, Warington. and of all Wine Merchants and Bottlers. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled. See that Every Bottle has the Red T. Label. 19, Lancelots Hey.#l.iveroool. WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOW.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Sieraik:s }et

CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIRE MAGIC RELIEVI/IC ALL PAIN AND THROZBINC APO SOON CUES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens awl Removes all hard callosities on th 4 soles of the feet. If you suffer try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Son. Chemists, Cheltenham.

C KIT a.'". ,p Aq,

===== 0002601_19050408_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Eht "o,:amlner gperits

===== 0002601_19050408_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
. nomestir OerbantO, etr.

NA 7-ANTED. strong GIRL. one who can wash.—Apply Mrs. BlAsasT, Cestrian Hptel. Chester.

IVAR T D COOK•GF4N NA.L—&pply Mrs.. NAYLOR " WyneoLe," W hltefield re., rata:l.d= Reath,

fring NEWBOLD SERVANTS' RPOISTHY. bervanta 1. wat tart at orce.—Mrs. STOTT. 119,Sillnrow rd.,lioabdale

AXTANTECD GI4:4I3RAL, experienced girl, about 20 ; refer- ence!. 43. CLARENDON RD..Whalley Range.Manchesier.

WANT, good GHNIitt&T. —Apply Mrs. SIMPSON, Wellington Hotel, Great Harwood, near Blackburn.

WANTED, strong GENERAL. country preferred. about 20; good references.—Apply STANLEY AIME, Brook st., Chest. r.

WASTRO Strong Country GIRL to assist in house work; one fond of children preferred.-00DEN, 150, North rd., Preston.

WANT/11D COOKS, Cook-Generals, Housemaids, *Rif_ V V reeses and Generals or good situations.—Mrs.BownEs 20, Pepper in, , Chester.

lA/ANTI:ID, 000K-GBNIIRAL.—AppIy. stating wages required. Mrs. OAKLEY. Stubley Old Haft. Little- orough, near Manchester.

WANTED strong G819E11211. About 20 : three In fsrnilv, good reference. incli p-nsable. A pply Miss RE.r.BLE , 6, St. Alban's place. Biseliburn.

ANTBD, a good ONVISRAL ; able to wash; must te fond of children ; references required.—Apply Mrs. MAnstr, Uld Hall Yam. Leigh, Lancashira

WANTBD Young GIAN ERAL SERVANT; household four.—Apply, stating age and reference, Mrs. TaomAs, 14, West at., Rozhdale. Lancashire.

wANTED, domesticated young GENERAL; steady trustworthy character ; curia referenoeS ; comfortable some, no family.-97, H ANtrroN RD., Southport.

- IiNT ANTED experienc.d home PARLOURMAID, 25 to 30 ; good wages; small family; good references indispensable —Mrs. GILLIBRAND, Sandhurst, St. Annea-on•Sea.

WANTED Good COOK-GENBRAT, able to bate and iron. Doctor's family £,O to 2), Homemsid NASH, Dalton House, Aenington.

A LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or 21 town public and private.—Call or write Miss H tReIr3ON'S Only office), 13,Oldham street. Manchester. Astablished 1862.

WANTBD COOK MINERAL age not over 30, goo 4 wagea to suitable pericn, no washing. References re- quired.—Appi WAL3dEbLiOr ARIL.) HOTEL. Lower Ice, near Wigan.

WVANTHD, GUNSRAL Sta URVANT.—Private rn"y of 3 In Southport. No washing. Must be experienced and have good references, Good wages to suitable person.- 35, Asti BT., Southport.

COOKI WANTED £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB ‘,../ to £22, Generals £lB to £?.O, Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other °lnce. —Write to HARRISOWS 6, Oldham street, Manchester.

ALL OL/1.65156 IFSITUATIONN private and publics good homes. excellent wages ; places In town,country kind seaside.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester. • -

ThS. PRBSTON Progressive servants' Agency, 44. IV Charles it. Oldest esta`.llshed In Blackpool, Wants SURVAN'I S with references, for Hotels, Boarding, Private Houses; good wages; enclose stamp. Tel. 0137.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Xe, be tet.

PENKBTIL—GOOD HOIISICS WITH GARDRNS, 31. 94 per week, also Cottages 3s. 64. and 2s. 64. per week. IVY LODGICFROGH ALL LA NR rent £46 a year on lease SmALL WORKS, LATCHFORD, 5 minutes from War- rington Bridge, rent 1..6d. weett. FOLLY-LAN, Semi-detactled VILLA, 2 entertaining corns and 3 be rooms w.o • bathroom hot and cold water. 183 WVILLFIRLD St., rent As. 2. CAMBRIA PLACH, rent 23. 84. 61, CATHI4RINI4 ST.. 6 roomed house. rent Os. 19, ORR ST. rent 3s. 6d. LABURNUM VILLA, ItHOGHALL LO.NH, rent £3O. Apply ROBBII7 Lows, Estate Agent. No. 1 Bank-stroet War• eington. Telephone—No 65.

TO LET it, FOLLY LANK, —Apply Woos.) dc Sox Sol icitors. Horsemarket Street, Warrinv,ton.

frO LET GOCD HOUSE, Faker street, rent 355. month -L clear.—Apply WOODS & Z'ON, Solicitors, Warrington.

I'o BB LIST —STABLING. fourteen Stllla or Dart ; at good Workslaop.—Apoly LAURENCE BOLTUNACCOUiI,aiIt

'arrington.

rpo LBT, good HtOIISFII In Derby-street. rent as. 6d..; 8190 .1 one off Bewsey-road, rent 43, 6d.—Apply WOODS & SON, bolicitors, Warrington.

ruo BB LBT, FURNISHBP, for June, July, and Angilet, a Detached HOUJB ; two entertaining rooms, tour bedrooms. coaehhouse, and stabling for two horses ; ten minute.' walk from Farndon Bridge, ItiFer Dee ; good fish- ing and boating.—Apple to owner. Mrs. TOwNDROW, Alas- CAlf. “Olt. near .reehem.

JltreUanou nopares, dr.

15 13)B,a001,..Tar.ikrurrietti.7.1,...wmipgst:t.le.—ADAME8. Albany

GNBAT BLEGAIN.—Send P.O. Is. for ss. Fountain Pen. BEAT. 219. New Cross rd.. 88.

OCIIIIRAS.—Snap shot ptatee 3t 2, post free, 31. &L— -k./ COURT, 120, Forest Hill rd.. dal.

QTAMPd.—IO,OOO at Id. each, deychelle Helena, Vincent, &o,—The CURATE, Ighthain, Sevehoaks.

fAIICIIiBSTRAL Glory Song," , specimens f tee.— BLOCKLICY, Argyll et., London. W.

f ADIBS Combings made up any style, Is. 3d. nz Remark- -1.1 ably cheap—BELT, 10 Goodrangat.e. York.

'VASTER UAIIDi, 12 or 25, Assorted Designs, post free JU.4 Is. 2d. —Neer READING LIBRARY, Reading.

H do Storer. Batteries fail. Free Bock on Battery V Troubles.—VlCAßEY. 91. Foregate, starford,

9IYPI3WRITING 7d. per 1030. Duplica flag 1s per ICO, 34. 5(0 copies —PETTIT, 118, Laleham hoed, CaLford.

T IMB 1 LIMB I LIME I—Farmers and Builders wmting _LI good strong Lime should apply to the TREVOIi LIME Co., Llangollen.

10 0 RT.' gN4equCiAnllyDSc.bealps.._3stioproist free. Other blauttleworth. Eamstottom.

T ADIBS BLACK CANVAS OXFORDS, any size. Leather _Li soles, reliable. post free, Is. St. per pair. LAURIE •It MCODNNAL. LTD., Cambridge.

60 MBN'S Vicuna T d weed an Serge black-back Jackets, .36 and 38 Inch breasts. 481. dozen.—dalL6Y, Pawn- broker, Bailey It . Barnsley.

BANJO and Mandoline bolos, by best composers, all nssw 4s. editions, Bd. each. Lista free.—JAMES WATSON. 128 Sauchlehall Street, Glasgow.

BII3OIIIST HAND-MAWS LACa.—apple tor samples, with one or two guineas for a trial parcel.-13. S. IYER, Attungal, TravAncore. India.

910 POSTeaRD cottscrous —We post 12 Postcards .1 with Spanish view, for „Ss. P.O.—kUNTAD.• & ISIONT- GOMERY, Ma(lorea 253, Barcelon4

lINT, LHNT, LENT.—Basses of fish from 2s. 6d. dressed .11. J for cooking, carriage pal4.—Postal Orders, 11. and P. MELLuisa, Fhb Dock.. Grimsby.

DUUNKHNSINS cured by a .at. secret Rrid sure remedy. Rend stamped e w,lope to Mrs. FALBFAY, c/o Peyton Et Co., 112, Cheaoside, London, HI C.

91URF.—Tra1e.man receiving valuable Racing information aaill wire copy to anotber.—Terms, PitovalETou, 3a 'loupe!! Street, Waterloo, London, S.S.

Ai, I ILLINHAY.—I.fttest and smartest Parisian nate, best .I.5J_ material, only 15s. and 235. sent on approval.— FRENCH UOTTSE, 83, liegent et.. London. ‘,l AtiaZititS Call.ll3ltAS, quarter-plate from 61. 6d, ; CI splendid vain-. Catalogue free. All goods on approvAL —Conisorf, 181,51apla ROad, London, Sac.

111010wRiAiiD COLLHOLORi.—Beautiful ViAWII of Japan. Japanese We, real photograph postcard, eight Ls.. Midget*, fifteen la.—W. WAIT, Lipson rd.,Leicester.

picrouLit PosTueicus.—Large Varieties. Wholesale Constant change of stock ; all latest noveltme.— NOVELTY PoSTCARD Co., 41a. Preetcot St., Liverpool. .

FOUNTAiII PllNS.—linmenPe stock tslt,rt tor debt, usual price 71. 61. ; will send one post free is. 2i. ; extra- rdinery bargain. —WHITE, Cbezio.more, Coventry.

BIInOCHEIS Parisian Pearl and Illsmond, Gold-Cased Setting. One shilling post free. Approval before pap ment.—PARISILN JEWELLERY CO . 16 Hinton rd.. $.14.

111pAZAAR GOOGS (Special', SO.—Greatest variety An d 1J value In the trade,whole,ale.—SALMON MATTHEVFMAN, LTD.. Pleueb Braidings, Gloueester at., Birmingham

IUIUIUJIth COVBR; always ready; fast crimson 1: Satin Damask, 21 inches wide, 9s. a yard ; good wear stylish patterns. CROTIE. 29,Ftue detiernpart, Tours, France

N^HTTING. !tabblt Nets. Football Goal Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets' Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.THOMAS Jolt:times, Net Ware'no. 38 Co nn-t. Manchester.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Agerittal.

Yu-suTH-518.—Prompt neuralgia cure; rhAmists, 25.. or poet 24. 3,l.—Unnwwrßox, Chemist. 'it. go.wei...

a2hoPiiitEPBhs Pill', id. boxes. 3a. 6d. dross. Quick sale; 0 samples Ire3.—Clanrro, 22 Obeapoide. Birmingham.

ARTYKs to Indi.testion cured by Hull's Morning (hire, I. Poet free, ls. 3d.--1-ILitt's 12 Grosvenor ro.. Itoy'ake

• 110CT013 MARKSELWYN'S Bloom of litAltri Pilli, _LI le. .• coroptexion soap." I. tablets ; —ltusaaLL CO., Totten ham .

g STOP-COUGH will cure the worst Cough or IL! Cold ; it never tails. lid. per bottle from B.o•Khe. 1, 13cnd st,. Weymouth. •

GUSTUS FOR GOUT.—New and Unfailing Remedy, Re- moves Pain and Swelling, 26. 3d. and 41.—W. H. (+Roves, Caver.bain, Oxon

BURALGIA. OUTOSD.—Gentlemsn having cared him , 11 self will send recipe on receipt of P. 0., 11.—H. TINDELL, 3.5 Pishergate, York.

QBNGS UNDBR FBBT and Owns ; srunranteel cure miraculous Indian remedy; post free 90.—STEtswsON chemist, Moss-street. Liveronol.

RHBUlSlA.Tls3l.—Whiting's Slagle Liniment gives instant relief ; has large sale ; free by post. le. 3d.. write for testimonials.- J. WRITING, 18, Fairaeres rd.. Oxford.

GIINUINIS lailolPlS.—Wnlrening the hands and keop Ing in good order, and Indigestion positively oared 9d. en.oh most OnidrigortAft -tenhonse MArrnqrt

rIOR ItHBUMAIISDI and GOUT, try Bucklsvi'a Health Tea ; sure cure ; post paid for Is. ltd. ; write to-day. —AddreAs BUCKLAW'S HEALTH TEA, 93, Grainger it, Darlington.

FOR RELIABLE HBRBAL BRAHMINS for all diseases of the human system consult Lawn!, n. !Serie rd., Liverpool. at the British and American Botamo Dispensary and Hygienic Koo,l Stores. Consultation free.

QTBRILB MARKliaGß.—lts Causes and Curative Treat kJ merit. By n late .t.enior Physician to a Hospital tor Women ; a new edition just published. Post free 3e. Bd. London.—SH-taxent Co., LTD., 38, Gracechurch et.

IHROI9IO RHELTOILATISM SPI4BDILY ea; stronely reconmend really Wonderful Cure for 'then- mate 21al41tee.—Vor leree Partfaulars please ernd addreteed envelope LIEUTENANT iltincAßD, Queeniwood rd., Moßeley.

PROF. VlSitillOt'S ItieSAlßUliSd.—Anienala, Bronchitis Billou•ness, Indigestion, Ithen•—atistn, Eczema. Piles Obesity, ac., dpeedily cured. Medicine le. lid. per bottle post free Is. 3d. ; Hair Iteatorer. Is. per bottle. PROF. VERNER, (U.S.A.), 15, Vernon et., Bolton.

CONSUMPTION.—Midiand Open-air Sanatorium. Beautl- fully situated in a park ot 25 acres, 750 fee above sea level, gravel soil. south aspect. Established 1898. Specially constructed out-door chalets For terms and illustrated pros- pectus. apply, Tisk SECHETART, Bourne Castle, Belbrough- ton. Worcestershire.

Aurtaebtliern. tte,

QT. ORORGB'S IRON WORKS, LINIITHD (late Orrnerod, Grierson and Co.), Hue. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS In the trade. in addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Prue, and Tooth Block Patterns ao., Celonglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London•road Iron Works, Manchester, an,„ are In • position to Supply CASTINGS. Miilwright,ana all kir is of Bngineering Work promptly—Catalogues of Wheels and rulley Patterns on application. N.T„ No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address, " Ormerod Gr emir, Manchester'.

.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

Q AN} otcll'S POISON for Billing tts answers kJ well. " After one dressing Ifo Ind 138 dead next morn- og."--J. ELTee, Helsthorpe. Leighton. " I killed KO rats eitb Sanford's Poison."—C. Coox, Farmer. Ellesmere. "I destroyed 145 rats with it."—U. WILSON. Ottord —dend Is 2d SANFOILD & SON. Sandy 80. dold by Chemists

ilittatilantouo, iHigpales, tit.

DIUTOILIAL LOT ClaatUd.--12 Loudon ruot aod.—.llAer Mamma STAMP Co., 8, Henslowe rd.. London, S.H.

DINNEIR SEM (Porcelain) 50 pieces, 13r. 93,. packed free. Sample plate 6d.—.1, B. MELLOR IG Co., Bumlem.

CONDUCTRD TRIP TO PARIS April 15.—send stamp. for particulars to Mr. FELIX Piltu.s, 153 Lee at. Oldham

40 STEOZIG. Iron 1114DSTIUDSion Onstors ; Bth. 91n. by 6ft. ; take 58 each.--WHlTEVrabtree Hotel, Fathom.

Ss DHOCOLS" will tint your Poitcards ; quite simple ; 1. boxes, 14 stamps; all stationers.—rHoCaLS Co., Bootle it.. Blancbester.

BABY'S FIRST;CLOTRES.—Large set, 121. 9d. itobe, Gowns, &c. Very great bargain. Approyal.—Mre. Max, 16a, The Chase. Nottingham.

g'bare, Otorio, Zuointsclel. etz.

Hallant.SSßß'S BtIINItS FOR SALM, main road, good trade, £4O. close to Belle-Vue.-2.5, HYDE RD., West Gorton, flancbester.

WILSON'S HOTHL, RUNCORN (Commercial) with bowling green attached. Ingoing at valuation Apply personally to GRIZENALL WHITLEY & Co., LTD., Wilderspool Ilrewery warrlngton.

Caggo Poultry, etc.

SIX Dozen new-laid liggs for 65.; carriage paid to any address.—Write A. Si EADMAN, Coleraine.

MINORCit EGGS from splendid birds 31. per sitting— Mrs. MYDDLETON. Clunbury, Astoo-on-Cluu.Shropshir,

JOUST ORPINGTON and White Leghorn Hggs for sitting, I from Hunter's best pen; 34. per sitting.—JonsB, dairy- man. Bale.

ILIGGS from Winter bsyin,f BUFF ROOKS, and Black XI Minorca'', H enter and Webster. Strain, 2s. 6,1. Sitting. —HARDLND. Copp.nhall, Crewe.

12GGS, Cooks' prizl strain buff ORPINGTONS, unlimited Li too, 3s doz., unfertdles replaced. carriage paid.— CLIFTON, farmer, Buokby. Rugby.

A B. HARDY. HARROP LANE PBM. Nfiladen, Bradford. • can supply eggs from special pen of Black Leghorn& 3i per doz. carriage paid. Unlimited grass run.

LIILVBI3 Gray Dorking WIGS, Mayor's strain ; extra- ordinary layers ; umlimited range ; fertility guaranteeJ; 3.. per doz.—J. KEI*FL&W, Great Lever Farm, Bolton.

ifflatrimonp

,A,;,,,..; ..:-....,;t4

Ri3artments,

BLACKPOOI,—.DUDLEY Horn, Mckeon rd., Near north Pfer,and Station.Cooafortable Apartmente,Bnoking Easter

VISITORS to DUBLIN can have convortable LODGINGS V good cooking and attendance. -M. UPPER BLESSING- TON ST.. Dublin.

VDINBUHaIf.—BOARD or PRIVAIH ArARTMeNTS by day or week. Raster and Whltauntide.—GßANT. 17, Hatton Place, Grange.

TG LET, FURNISHED COTTAGE ; healthy district ; terms moderate.—Apply Mrs OHOHGE HOUGHTON, The Bodkin, Norton, nr Garstang, Lancashire.

CLE AN COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS for vieltor—s good Oooldn, le. 6.1. per bed per night.— 13, ASHTON RD., off Central Drive. Blaakpool.

BLACKPOOL.-APAHTMENTS, public!, private or boar. All Sitting-roomi fading Bea. Terms reasonable.— BINTLIFFS, Lyndene. 1 Bindings Terrace, promenade.

A PARTSIIINTd WITH Ott WITHOUT BOARD, for one La. or two respectable men. Piano, near Obi nacecourse. Barlestown.—Ayyly 8., "Examiner Office harlestown.

11.0tt15, eporog, Mnatttnrf 05tabs

Rgrlctilittrat Vrobure, ViontrS, etc.

19PACKETS choice riower 'Feeds, free 73. mitt( order ‘.l Catalog° 16.—H. KERSHAW, Crossroads, Kelghley. BED POTATOES—King Edward VII. seed and ware, 10 Sc. per load. —Apply WM. MEI & Sotr, Whalley Range, Manchester.

A(AT.—lliceisior El. •ic Oats for seed; price 35. per ki bushel, and a few bushcl 6 rowed seed barley.—Apply to ROBERT BENNETT. Speke Farm. Speke, Rear Liverpool.

UREB.—luteresting GARDSNING. PAMPHLST giving _I: valuable informstion gratis. With's Plant Food, the Magic Fertilizer ter Flowers. Vegetables, Sample Tins le.— Wri MANURF: Co.. iiereFOrd.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Manta

80010 (old) Bought in any quantity for 01.811.—Witicisr, 350. Ingham Road, London. W.

A DVBIVIISIM desires charge of young Child or Infant. r". Please share terme,-Mrs..-o*Drusio.Gomeldon.eallahurv.

OUltlue--Caoh waiting for papier-mache Picture Framer, Old biIverO4I.—FREEMAN, lireckendale, King's Norton.

WhISKLY earned by either sex, Introducing small no.elty, particulars stansp.—H, L•YCOCIC, London rd.. Peterboro.

WANTIII), Collectors and Canvassers to write for particulars bow to add to their inconses.—CEEMICAL Woaxs, Newburgh. Aberdeen.

i ADY wishes to adopt Child a good parentage. Wit,rl .1.1 premium ; highest references.—WHlTErionan, el Wynne rd. Brixton. London, S.W.

IHILD over six given good permanem bome.—addresiv \...1 G., Cox 2230, c/o OnARROW & THATCHER, Holborn place' High Holborn, London. W.C.

3ns. WHISKLY offered for ADDItEddING ENVELOYES, art. For partMulars, send 2.1. stamps to GRESTY, 7, Vl'et Crown et.. itlford, Manchester.

AHTISD.— WORKING HaILIFir for Colliery Farm 'V Apply stating ago. salary requlred and experience, CO SECRETARY, Moss Hall Co., Wigan.

A GU/ITb WAN rifil).—Kdiu riou-put.ocious Vu rano Rx torrninator. 61. per picket. One agent's profit one welk. £IO.—HARTLEY TAILDR, South Lowestoft.

ANTED half-dozen good steady FUSTIAN CUTTERS; regular employment ; male or female.—Wrlte to JOHN 'MITT!, Rising Sun MM. Tkleswell, flax,. Buxton

A S Foreman of Workshops, banitary,Blectric,Glas, Smiths, L 3.. Hot Water, Pumps, Agricultural Machinery. Rstimat- ing. 0004 references.-56 WARBECK RD.. khepherd's Bush.

1 MPROVE YOUR POSITIOfi.—No matter what your age -IL sex. or YOUR occupation. any one can do it. send, kddressed envelope to Pincrr 44, London rd,Tw,ckenharn.

A SAFE lINVE:nTAIRNT FoR LAROS OR SMALL mirnsTons. PAMPHLET POET FRP): THR CONTINENTAL PREMIUM BONDS CO., 31. WEST sUNNISIDB, SUNDERLAND. FURNITURE, PIANOS. STOCKS, &c.. BOUT FUR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR ADVANuIiS MADE. HIGHEST PRICKS GIVEN. NO CHARGE FOE INSPEOTION. HARTLEY AND CO., )2 MOSS-STUMM LIVERPOOL.

LIGIRS from high-class barred ROOKS; tested winter 1j layers, 4s. sitting.—STlßßUP, Heyhouses, near Lytham.

BDUFF OSPINGTON EGGS for bitting 3s. and Crs. 110 Z, untertiles replacedesplendld laying Otritin.—PlCKLEß, Hale Barns, Altrincham.

Eu"' from splendid Pen Buff Orpington, 3s. sitting Bsemoswonnt, Mosses learnl, Marsh lane, Longton, Preston.

PLI Lilted) Blsek I.4ltf4uaLlas n(illa 2.. Si. Inspection of Fowls invited.—Titomas Oaßas, 57, Haydock Street. War,ington.

HitALTHY Chicicens and full quantity of Eggs by using 10Len Poultry Spice, post free, ls. 2d.—Wxxx, 469 Tue Brook, Liverpool. Agents everywhere.

BDUFF ORPINGTON EGGS, from pure-bred. unrelated stock (W. Look and bon's strain) Ss. sitting ; uufertlies repIaced.—METCALFE, Catterall lace. Garstang.

FOWL CORN. 76 6d. 10a. 6.1. 12a 6d. 2401b5. ; Fig Food, 7e. 61. and Pcultry Meal. 86. and 106. per 2001b6. AND Co. 15, Goree Plazzxs,Liverpool. Mention Paper.

Vf ATRIMONY. GENTLIIMAN, 26, large means,position Bi wishes marriage lady means Strictest aecreov. Box 411, Advertiser Office, Northumberland Avenve,

I:cur.sl•l anb Eanb an &ale.

iDorqts. agpf), Übe *tack itr.

1 .10 ND LOT OF bTUtiE FlOb tor sale eaco week; all 1.3 sizes ; delivered free.—TAvLon. Nevrton-le-Willovre,.

GH FI EY PAHOT tor tale ; splendid tiiker ; always in good Condition.—Apply tO, HIGH PARK RD., SJutiiport.

DU ILLDOGs, Deerhounds. Great Danes, Pomeranians, Sptcia itiel. Also other Breeds supplied.—EickmiDT, 469,Hackney Rood, London.

GREENGROCERS AND OTHBES.—Smart Welsh Cob, 5, years ; warrant same found, quiet and a good worker : any trial to good home before purchase ; light Cart and Harness almost new; lot £8 its., or separate ; real bargain , must sell at inee.—Apply 33, SToex STREET Off Lord street, t heetham Hill roan, near Cheetham Town Hall, and Corporation street, Manchester.

':4.7,.4-:.,...;,'.•7.1.,.,t,.:1:,,i,::

===== 0002601_19050408_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER:

APRIL Bth. 1905.

BRIGHTON.

The Brightou result

does not diminish

the credit of the Government, for the simple reason that the Government has no credit left to be diminished. But it does emphasise, in the most striking way, the nation's resentment. There has never been any such position in our politics before. We have no Government, in the sense of having the authority of the nation for its existence. We have merely a group of irresponsible persons, clinging desperately to places and salaries after it has been made clear beyond dispute that no shred of moral authority remains for their con- tinued quartering of themselves upon a country that is in revolt against them. Every day that they remain in office is a gross abuse of the whole spirit of the Constitution. Not one of their partisans has even the air of denying that the opinion of the country is clear and emphatic. Their continuance comes perilously lacer to public dishonesty. They can only hold on by ignoring the House of Commons as well as the ccuntry. They scuttle from the discussion of the questions in which the nation is most deeply interested ; and, apparently under the impression that they are doing a rather smart thing, only increase the contempt with which reasonable men regard their policy, and emphasise the fact of their abdiction from every- thing except salaries. The Premier's organised boycott of Parliament, and his systematic &grads, time of the representative assembly that stands for the liberty and self-government of the country, has lost for his party one of the supposed safest seats in England. Mr. LODER was notoriously made a Minister less on his own merits—which like those of many members of the Government,are quite unknown either to Parliament or to the constituencies—than on the assumption that he had a safe seat where the risk of a bye-election ' could be faced with some measure of assuranceo The election was rushed with the intention of

if...,,;.:!',.:V5.',.......,,..'A,`,77 ,_,,.,,....,.. , .. - .....,_

giving the Liberals no chance of preparation for it. And it is from this constituency, deliberately selected by tho Premier himself as the one place where he dare face the electors, that his new Minister is rejected by a large:majority.There is one final gratification for Liberals in this result. Mr. BALF3IIR has been clinging to office in the hope that something might turn up to modify public opinion. Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S avowed anticipation is that the Liberal party may be returned at the next election with a weak majority. The longer the Government outrages public opinion ,by staying on in defiance of the country's clearly expressed wish, the less likelihood is there of Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN'S anticipation being realised. Instead of improving, the position of the Government worsen, at each time of asking; and every week of delays will, we believe, add to the strength of the Liberal majority when the reckoning comes. There are some things which English public opinion—which with all its faults is a good sporting public opinion, with an instinctive feeling for playing the game—resents far more than it resents a mere difference of opinion. And the revolt against the Government is due in a large measure to the fact that Mr. RALFOUR'S methods have roused this deeper quality of resentment. It is possible to disagree with a GoVernment and still to respect it. That happily has been the general possibility in English politics. What the present Government has done is to sacrifice the respect of the country as well as its agreement in opinion.

Owing to the appeal case in the House of Lords between the Corporation and traders of Warring. ton and the Ship Canal Company the Council meeting has been postponed until next Tuesday. The hearing of the appeal necessitated the presence in London of the Mayor and Town Clerk, aqd, moreover, the estimates of expenditure to be snb• mitted to the Council may be affected. An extra thousand pounds for law expenses was included in the estimates prepared a week ago, and if the Ship :Dana' case can be settled in the meantime possibly a smaller sum will falfil all conceivable requirements.

An Aldermanic vacan q has, of course, been caused by the death of the late Alderman Sutton, and it will be the Council's first duty on Tuesday to elect a successor. The "favourite " for the post is Councillor David Tinnion, who has sat con, tinuausly since 1895, and by seniority and the virtue of services rendered is entitled to promotion. If the seniority rule is adhered to in future elec- tions it will go far towards restoring the balance of political power among the exalted ranks of the Aldermen. At present, Alderman Pierpoint is the only Liberal Alderman, but the seniority rule will confer the next five vacancies on members of the same political per suasion unless members vote in violation of the written agreement. The fact that the Liberals stand to gain so much throuai seniority is a pure accident and in course of time matters would probably work round the other way again, but for the time beiiig it will be a pleasant change to see the Aldermanic honours more equitably shared.

Our remarks last week in reference to the sub- committee's report on the vacant Deputy Town Clerkship have aroused considerable discussion in both professional and Commercial circles. We have every reason to believe that the consensus of opinion in the town is against the sub-committee's proposals. It is generally admitted that, though the Council could probably obtain a qualified solicitor who would undertake the onerous duties specified for £175 a year, they are not likely to get a suitable man for the post. Tnere are probably young solicitors who would be glad of the situation for a time, but it is not to the town's interest that the market should be cheapened in this way. The Deputy Town Clerk will be a responsible official, and we hope the Council will offer snob induce- ments as will secure the services of a man possess- ing not merely the bare legal qualifications but also those of character and attainment.

The opening of the new Free Church Hall at Winwick is the gratifying consummation of an effort which from the very outset !deserved well. Nonconformists in the ancient village will no longer be in the unsatisfactory position of having no place of worship of their own, and it is indica- tive of the spirit of unity which is now happily characterising Free Church work that the members of practically all local Nonconformist denomina- tions have joined in a scheme to meet the common need. The hall promises before long to become the centre of "religious activity, the Free Church Council having arranged for services each Sunday evening during the pre- sent month. Toe impressive discourse by Pro. fessor J. Hope Moulton was in every respect worthy of a memorable occasion, and the day's proceedings certainly inspired confident hopes that the venture will prove of the highest value and profit to the neighbourhood.

The Blackpool Corporation and Magistrates have combined to bring into force a necessary and commendable by-law, which prohibits children under twelve years of age from attending the theatres and variety halls in the town unless accompanied by parent or guardian. A similar enactment would be of considerable service in Warrington, in fact its general adoption would tend to the improvement both of the morale and physique of the rising genera- tion. Youngsters every where seem to go :to the theatre almost as soon as they can toddle, and without either let or hindrance. The theatre is not at all a fit and proper place for, the de- velopment of the juvenile mind, and its in- fluence must be specially harmful if it is, as may be reasonably supposed, responsible for the young patrons keeping late hours. There is already a fairly large number of bye- laws governing child-life in our large towns, but we know of none more sensible than the one which Blackpool has just introduced. When boys and girls have left school and become wage-earners— then, and not before, is the time to indulge in theatre-going if inclination pulls that way.

Should persons receiving Poor Law relief he disfranchised ? So complex did the question appear to the members of the Warrington Board of Guardians that they hesitated to express them- selves in favour of Mr. Charles Schawnn's Bill to remove the present disqualification, and a definite decision on Mrs. Wilkinson's motion was deferred. It is to the credit of most of the speakers that they approached the subject in a very reasonable spirit. Thero is no questioning the injustice of the system whereby the man who through stress of circum- stances has to avail himself fo temporary out-relief, is deprived of his vote for at least t valve months. The law certainly needs amending to meet such cases, but the difficulty which appeared to present itself to the Board was as to where the line must be drawn. To our mind the course is quite clear. If out-relief is wisely administered, the deserving poor will be the recipients and surely such persons are entitled to exercise the franchise. There was an impression abroad that permanent inmates of the House would be affectA but, according to Mrs. Wilkinsons' motion, the tenor of the Bill will be " that no parson shall be deprived of any right to any franchise by reason only that he or any mem- ber of his . family has received out-relief" The argument that me matter is solely one for politicians can nardly be taken seriously, for Guar- 1 dians of the Poor, with their special knowledge, should feel as deeply concerned about it as any 1 section of the community.

-‘ The worst street in Warrington." By common consent the Warrington magistrates on Monday awarded this unenviable distinction to Dial-steeet. It must be admitted, however, that one or two streets in other parts of the town are rather close competitors for this very doubtful honour,

~:i...jr;:::.,•,:.:.,.:,,,'';,i':,,.'.',A,.:.-.:V..,:',':(,' ;i..:.4::'ii.,:..z.':.f,':,.,,;.1.4,..,;:..!,,,:,.k!:f-:..-_,,

===== 0002601_19050408_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

We are told, often and often enough,for fear we for- get that there are four parties in the House of Commons —the Labour Party, the Irish Party, and two others. * * * _

"When did Villiers Brighton?" inquired a corres- pondent of us yesterday. We suppose the answer is: "When be heard that Loder had been Hove."— "Daily News." * * *

Mr. Chamberlain is not coming to Warrington, yet. May we ask the good friends who promised to pay for the meeting to hand over the money they wanted to squander to the Mayor, so that the unemployed may have something to eat? * * *

" Mr. Balfour is tho hardest-worked man in the House. He has a larger and more accurate concep- tion of the duties of a Prime Minister than has beerr at all common in this country, and these duties absorb both time and energy."—" Times."—ls this "kinder sarcastic ?" * *

1, A worthy Wesleyan was fittingly honoured on , Thursday night when the Rev. John Gunnell was made ' the recipient of a hundred guinea testimonial from the Warrington circuit. Mr. Gunnell has for a long time been identified with Penketh, but the warm esteem in which he is held permeates the whole district. We wish him, and Mrs. Gunnell, health and happiness in a well-earned retirement. *s* Local trade unionists will regret to hear that Mr. • Sam Woods who since September, 1894, has been secretary of the Parliamentary Committee of the , Trade Union Congress, intends to retire, and will not offer himself for re-election. Mr. Woods has been itt weak health for some time and has been able to- attend very few meetings of the Parliamentary Com- mittee during the past twelve months. * * * The week after next, Mr. Balfour means to intro- duce the Aliens' Bill in the House of Commons. It is hoped by then that he will be able to find time to be present. Recently he has ignored the debates. They were too irrelevant. Protection is not for discussion in the House of Commons. Two thousand pound buildings in the provinces are deemed more suitable, especially if the audience is carefully selected for the occasion.

** * 6

Two cows which were being driven along Bridge- street on Monday caused no little amusement. When a little way from Market Gate one of the animals came to a standstill and while the man in charge was inducing it to continue its journey the other cow quietly walked into Mr. Atkinson's shop. When part way through the doorway it was met by a coupla of shop-walkers, but after an interval of a few minutes the cow left without buying anything. 107 IM 4 *

Warrington ironworkers are in good spirits this week as the 21 per cent, advance of wages decided upon by the Midland Wages Board has taken effect. The prospects for the ensuing six months, it is stated, are regarded as being most encouraging, as, owing to the superior quality of iron and steel being manufac- tured, there is now a very much increased demand ; some manufacturers having received large foreign orders.

* * * Avenues must henceforth be noted amongst War- rington's attractions. True they ;are not of the leafy order nor are they, as is the case with transatlantic cities, lined with sky-scrapers. The fact is that the market authorities have hit upon the idea of dignifying the walks between the rows of stalls with the applla- tion "Avenue No.—" The arrangement will be con- venient to the officials and 6 tallholders in accurately locating the positions of the stalls. * * *

Still another improvement ! The Fire Station has been equipped with glass-panelled doors and the public now enjoy the advantage of being able to view the engines and apparatus at leisure. The chief pur- pose of the innovation, however, is to facilitate the turn-out of the brigade. The old-fashioned doors were apt to stick awkwardly at times, but in future any risk of that kind will be avoided. The doors are easily released by means of an inside bar and swing outwards in less time than it takes to say so. * * *

Stockton Heath Wesloyans are working hard for the new chapel scheme and it is intended to hold a bazaar in September. Says a writer in the Circuit "Record": "Some of us are sanguine enough to think we can open the New Chapel free of debt, and all would be delighted to secure such an event; it would, indeed, be a red-letter day in our Circuit History. All friends will doubtless help us to attain.. this." We hope the Stockton Heath congregation will have a speedy realization of their ambition! * *

A certain young man with aspirations in many directions has suddenly and mysteriously broken out into song,. His effusion appeared in our Conserva- tive contemporary, and we fain would join in singing it, but somehow the metre is misleading. A friend has sent us a reply which, too, is a trifle awry, but we print it so that he may see for himself how it looks in. cold typo. To W.L.W.xxx,,,s.

Oh! cease thy flutterinp, calm thy troubled breast, No "twaddle lUce tinao own appears- Pity shall soon restore thee to the rest, So dry up, please, dry up thy tears. * *

As an asset of the progressive forces in Warring - ton the Progressive Labour League is already assert- ing its value. The weekly debates are entered into with spirit and afford evidence of the desire of the workingmeh to be well-informed on the great questions of the day. In the arrangement of the Liberal public meetings to be held in various parts of the town neat week the league has co-operated very acceptably and successful gatherings are confidently anticipated. A joint debate with the Social Service League on the unemployed question will be held about a fortnight hence. •* * *

In a f6w days all will be activity in the local Volunteer Corps. For some time several sections have been hard at work practising and nest week the company drills will begin in earnest. Two lectures on" outpost duty" have been delivered during the present week and the ambulance corps, under the direction of Surgeon Major Adams, has commenced work. The members of the signalling section, of which Captain Ilasla.m has charge, are devoting them- selves to duty with special energy as they are ex- pecting to undergo examination this year. The appeal for more recruits for the battalion appears to have called forth a gratifying response. Sergeant Major Rawlinson' who rendered such valuable service to the battalion, has been succeeeed by Sergeant lajor Ingram. * * There was quite an impr3ssive display of good fellowship and mutual congratulation at the meeting of the Board of Guardians on Wednesday when the members joined in expressing their cordial thanks to the chairman (Hr. A. Brooks) for his services during the past year. One was almost irresistably reminded of a certain humorous trio commencing We never have stormy meetings or call each other names.'' Joking apart, it is a gratifying feature of public life that despite pronounced differences of opinion oil vital questions, the members of local authorities are on such occasions broad-minded enough to unite in recognizing the merits of the colleague who has devoted his abilities to guiding the year's delibera- tions. Mr. Brooks is certainly deserving of the unstinted compliments bestowed upon him. *

"There is no doubt that a large wave of psychisin is just now passing over the world," so writes Mrs. Campbell Praed " The Occult Review." It is quite evident that she, too, has heard of the young man from Wales named Evan Roberts. What a wonderful study he is to be sure ! On Tuesday evening last be went to Liscard to talk to the people over there and he said some funny things. One remark particularly struck us. It hurt us to the quick. " Oh! that God would send down Ms angel from heaven to pick out all the hypocrites here !" We began to wonder how many would be left of us. II" God would send down his angel" to remove all those who I maks hypocrites of his people there would then be. a. thanes for the Social Reformer to make more rapid progress. We do not doubt but that Mr. Roberts doing good in certain quarters but we should be sorry to see "emotionalism "mistaken for Christianity.

'to

fur PrE tne

Th

the la rue( tltrE

Rele aro firu trite and

13, l'hf

t ruj. at; trier, and theii take to trot, offie rson3 mtel Iverf 7ialp Boci

tb.on Izelrj °rn di Iror,

Per; Itike4t Aerai of T.,. and sin

===== 0002601_19050408_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,;

===== 0002601_19050408_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND THAT FOR QUALITY AND VALUR IN WINES AND SPIRITS rULTONB HOS. CANNOT BB BEATEN.

FULTON BROS. 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALBO AT PULTON'S BUILDINGS. ROCHDALE. Telephone 2261 Royal, Liverpool.

SPRING NOVELTIES NOW SHOWING. WT. T. WILLIAMS'

NEW COSTUMES, MILLINERY,

DRHSSES, COATS, &c., &c.

4S, SANKEY sTREEV, wARRINGMV.

LOCAL NEWS.

adex to Inside Pages. PAGE

2. Women's Chat and Fashions. The Deputy Town Clerkship. "A Wonderful Scene at Sea," by W. Clark Russell. "Bachelor Brothers," by Rachel Challice. Motor Notes. Mr. Chamberlain's Visit. g. " Blac': Motor Car," by Harris Burland. Opening Chapters. Football. B. Our Local Churches. " Marburg's Secret," by Mary Lovett Cameron. The late Alderman Sutton. Warrington Rural Council. Runcorn Board of Guardians. 7. Science Notes. Billiards. Runcorn Rural Council./ Coming Events. The series of addresses to men only, (riven under the auspices of the Warrington Church Society, will be continued on Friday, when the Lord Bishop of Liverpool will preach in the Parish Church on The death of Christ. Warrington Publican's Will. Probate has been granted to the executors of the late Thomas Massey, Waggon and Horses Inn, Butter- market-street. The deceased's estate is proved at 4665. Tram Accident. An accident, happily not of a serious natare,occurred "on Thursday night. A horse attached to a heavily laden lorry collided with a tram car,driven by William Monks,at the end of Bewsey-street. The animal was knocked down and slightly injured. The tram car was Also slightly damaged. • Labour Bureau. On Monday, :Wednesday, and Thtirsday evenings labour bureau has been open at the Gymnasium and 134 unemployed have registered their names. !,Up to the present no employers have made use of the .bureau to obtain workmen. NEW .1 A.CKETS,NEW DRESS SKIRTS, latest Styles, PATTISON AND PERKINS, 17, SANKEY ST.—Advt. sending Offensive Postcards. Some three years ago Miss Hallivood, daughter of .Mr. James Hallwood, Wilderspool-road, was casually introduced to a resident of Northwich named George Stubbs. Despite the fact that she never again met Stubbs commenced, to send her postcards and .11atters of an insulting and grossly offensive character. I Prote st s against his conduct were unavailing and Mr. aallwod onFriday took proceedings at the Warrington Police court against him. Stubbs did not appear and • a warrant was issued for his arrest. Mr. Browne 1 appeared on behalf of the complainant, and stated the case as above.

_ _..... D I siahIICOPII Engineer's Bankruptcy. At the Warrington Bankruptcy Court yesterday, James Carter, 39, High-street, Runcorn, marine e'lgineer and confectioner, appeared for his public examination in bankruptcy. The liabilites amounted 7,1",,,, £lOl Bs. scl. and the assets to £lB ~ it- Gd' , .leaving a deficiency of £B2 Bs. 11d. ,-, interesb:noku lirtopatust,ittributed his failure to excessive bad trade, and loss by fire. Bank- Pt stated that he was aware of his insolvency in .-,Tovember, but continued to contract debts in the • nolie that trade would improve.—The examination was closed. ' . Liberal Activity in Warrington. , Further evidence will he forthcoming next week of ‘, . the activity which is being manifested in Warrington ' Liberal circles. A series of meetings has been 1, 'arranged to he held in different parts of the town,and .. , at each addresses will be given by:gentlemen of ability and possessing considerable powers of oratory. The .. meetings will be held as follows :—Tuesday, Parish o• - Room, Grappenhall-road, Latchford, chairman, Alder- man.„„ Pierpoint; Wednesday, Co-operative Hall, winwicr-street, chairman, Mr. William Furness; ,‘• • Thursday, Thewlis-street schools, chairman, Conn,- , -cillor Tinnion ion' • Friday, National school, Church-street, ' t hairrnan' •MrG or e Walker. The speakers at the • uesday and Wednesday meetings will be Mr. H. " ivian (prospective candidate for Birkenhead); lay Thur- s•, and Friday, Mr. F. Maddison (candidate for . -‘411111eY); and at each meeting, Mr. Joseph Howes. , Concept at Ellesmere-street. , A concert was held in the Ellesinere-street Mission m 1 Thursday evening with the object of aiding the 'lad for the erection of a new building. Dr. Leigh In'esidecl over a large attendance and the entertain- lent ryas in every way a success. The proceedings Zned with a violin solo which was well played by as E. Taylor. Mrs. A. Booth was unable to be Present but an excellent substitute was found in Miss arrie Ifastings who was eneved for her song" The rallowe Miss Mabel White contributed two . ,pi. solos both of which were splendidly executed. W. a Ireland was encored for his songs selections were given by the Warrington Maio .., 'isuartetto party who were re-called for their render- • " Simple Simon." Mr. H. Taylor was respon- Si ole for the humour of the evening and acquitted ; him bv7,,reelf admirably. Gramaphone items were given - tglf. Silcock. Votes of thanks to the artistes and .: e chairman concluded a most enjoyable evening. • - 71-Le Klities Band to visit Warrington. . ,th in, e Warrington public Will be pleased to hear that iq 6 -` Kilties " Band of Canada, the greatest Scottish world, will visit this town on Monday, and'give two concerts in the Parr Hall. , . tione bancl is a permanent touring organization and has ?onnection with any regiment, although practically ' bane members have served in Canadian Regimental ~ thnde. The present is the first European tour which ,and 'e b has made, and in London the Kilties " met great ovation. They have had the honour of Ira-Png before the King on two occasions, and his muerdjeasity presented the bandmaster with the Victorian t and an elegant Viton surmounted by a minia- e crown ' ,with E li set in rubies and diamonds. The members of the band not only ' give instrumental eelect* . . a hut the programme is varied with dancing fill- a'ngiag. Apart from his musical abilities, the :1,111;41 inajor—Roderick BaM Mackenzine—is an _n_resting personality, standing over seven feet high " d being a fine specimen of manhood. P.r,,,,,CatlC BENEFIT. UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST ~.._.uOTS IN LA.NCASHLRE.—Advt. The Police Court and Prison Gatc Missions. .31. he following is a summary of the principal parts 4i the work of the Police Court and Prison Gate tz, esion of the Liverpool Dioctsan C.E.T.S. for the pinnnt,ll of March. During 230 visits, made by the eo'llit°ers of the staff to 20 police and petty sessional ,nd s, they conversed with 124 persons in the courts .., -the. cells, and subsequently visited 628 of them in lr abodes. Fifty-four women, girls and boys were :',. :;:ie!l to homes, restored to friends or provided with ileYrnent. Seventy-four persona were spoken ;t traf• in the courts as directed by the magis- ,e,,,.e, and 47 at the request of the court • etals and the police. In seven instances per- ; itte%esbasl their work restored to them through sion with employers, Twenty-eight persons I.: tw_erl provided with clothing to enable them to accept tyYraeForty tickets for clothing at the ; ecrieil;t i; e V wood and Mat Factory were given to `e n, and eleven others were provided with employ- 1, nipi?nt elsewhere. At the Mission Ilfforn near Walton ou'eodisnetrreakfasts,advice Ste., were given to 749 persons : fro ge, while 49 others were afterwards visited t al . tile risong. One hundred and thirty-seven , i Persons : e,..,. sgned the total abstinence pledge. Thirty 'alage were addressed. One hundred and fourteen o, Ijraons were visited by the missionaries at the request , ,,ntiririeenipts prob and friends in the endeavours by advice, Si, and t° t ablyprevent them from drifting into further prison.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
`?,! '`,

===== 0002601_19050408_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Musical Success. At the Leigh Eisteddfod held last Saturday Miss Violet Marion Brown, was among the successful candidates in the pianoforte solo competition. Miss Brown was coached by Charles Henry Dawson. The "Clio." , At Cheshire Quarter Sessions on Monday, Sir Horatio Lloyd commented on the strangeness of the fact that out of 250 boys on the training ship Cho only two came from Cheshire. Large numbers were sent from Lancashire and Birmingham. FOR Smart up-to-date COSTUMES, try PATTISON AD PERKINS, 17, SANKEY STREET.—Adst. Warrington Union Expenditure. By order of the House of Commons the Loco. Government Board have issued returns of expenditure by Unions in England and Wales for the last half- year as compared with expenditure in former years. In Warrington the in-maintenance cost, in the first half of the year ended 1905, £3,624 as against :£3,545 in the same period of the preceding year; £2,625 in 11900 • £2,203 in 1825 ; and £2,117 in 1886. The out-relief cost respectively £2,637, £2,251, ;£2,061 :£2,205, and z£2,196. The expenditure is exclusive of repairs &c., and of officers salaries. "PREMIER "! CYCLES at 12 guineas with change speed gem &c., unequalled.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt. ISt. John's Church. The Literary and Social Society in connection with St. John's concluded the 1904-5 session by the hold- ing of a social gathering in the schoolroom on Tues- day evening last. The hon. president, the Rev, J. L. Milne, 8.D., occupied the chair, and there was a fair muster of members and their fi lends. The evening's programme opened with a piano solo by Miss Wells. Songs were given by Miss Woodland and Mr. Ditch- field, a violincello solo by Mr. Jackson, and humorous Scottish readings by Miss Dewar. The organist, Mr. J. W. Jowett, acted as accompanist. Tea was provided and handed round by the lady members during the evening. UNDER THE CLOCK for Good Boors.—Advt. Mr. R. A. Naylor's Art Treasures. Among the art treasures possessed by Mr. R. A. Naylor, is the little known portrait of William Clarkson Stanfield, R.A., by Sir Thomas Lawrence, P.R.A. According to Ruskin, Stanfield occupied the premier position as a cloud painter, for he describes him as "The leader of English realists, and incompar- ably the noblest master of cloud form of all artists." His position as a scenic artist was possibly unrivalled and the drop scene for "Frozen deep," painted for Charles Dickens's private theatricals, and which was painted by the artist in two days, was sold at the Gads Hill hale for £l,OOO. The portrait in question represents Stanfield when about 30 years of age. It is three-quarter length and shows the artist holding a book in his hand. on which are inscribed the words ; "Sketches by Stanfield." Anyone seeing the hand- some face,' without being a physiognomist, can detect him. Truly Charles Dickens described him in his charming memorial notice in "All the Year Round," June, 1869 :—" The soul of frankness, generosity, and simplicity, the most loving and lovable of men.'" "PREMIER" CYCLES at 9 guineas for Best Grade, unsurpassed.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Warrington Choir's Success at Leigh. The seventh annual eistedfood at Leigh on Saturday lasted nearly eight hours, and it was well on for eleven o'clock before the result of the principal com- petition of the day, a contest for male voice choirs at 30 to 45 voices was declared. Then, amidst great enthusiasm; it was announced that the Wigan Har- monic Chorus had carried off the first price £lO and a silver cup) with 100 marks out of a possible 105. Warringion were second, with 98 marks, and the Anion Prize Glee Union (Nelson) third, with 97. The test piece was De Rifle's " Martyrs of the Arena." The Leigh Wesleyan Choir won the competi- tion for mixed voice choirs the prize being five guineas,and a gold medal to the conductor. The test piece was Stainer's anthem " What are these ? " The Appollo Party (Wigan) won the quartette competition, and Mr. J. Jackson, Ashton- under-Lyne, was successful in the gentleman's challenge solo for which there were 31 entries. Miss G. Blair, of Glazebrook, was the prize-winner in the pianoforte solo competition. Miss L. Fairhurst, War- rington, carried off the first prize in,the contralto solo competition. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASs NtINERAL WATERS.—Advt. Accidents at the Football Match.

Saturday's match between Warrington and Wigan was happily unattended by any accidents of a serious character though several spectators had narrow escapes. With the object of obtaining a better view of the game a number of enthusiasts climbed on to the roof of the stand of the popular side. P.C. Hewitt followed and in their haste to escape the officer two slipped and fell from the roof to the ground. One alighted on his feet and after satisfying himself that no bones:were broken he walked aivay.The other individual was hardly so fortunate though he has reason to con- gratulate himself on a remarkable escape from injury. , From a height offifteen feet he fell on his head. For a few minutes he lay motionless when to the surprise of two young men who picked him up ho recovered and walked away to view the game from a less danger- ous position. One man, John George Buckley, Winwick-road, was with others seated on the top of a fence when it collapsed. Buckley had a very nasty fall which resulted in his leg being broken. He was conveyed to the Infirmary where his injuries were dressed.

H. M. ASTITON'SI LIFE TONIC is the Krsa, or Toares.-63. 4 v-s MEE r, A arrington.—Advt. Warrington Horse Parade. The report of the Warrington Horse parade Com mittee upon the fourth annual parade, is in every way satisfactory. They are pleased to record an increase in the number of entries, and a continued improves ment in the general appearance of the turnouts. Thi has been perceptably maintained throughout the year, a fact that is particularly pleasing and brings prominently before the public the objects the Committee aim at attaining, viz., to improve the general condition and treatment of horses, and to encourage the drivers to take an interest in the animals under their care. The com- mittee continuel "We are pleased to announce that the President (Sir Gilbert Greenall), has promised to give two silver cups, one for the best light lurry or van horse, and one for the best light horse, and Mr. Peter Davies has kindly promised a Silver Cup to be presented to the owner of the best heavy horse in the procession. The Shire Horse Society have also promised two Silver Medals and a premium of .1:1 for the best pair of horses in double harness and the best horse in single harness. The R.S.P.C.A. Society has again forwarded the diplomas, one for each Class, on the same lines as before. New features this year, are the prizes offered by Lady 'Greenall for cabs and hansoms. which the Committee hope will be keenly contested for:" PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. H" Company's Annual, Smoker. Under the presidency of Captain Reginald Smith, the annual smoker in connection with the above Com- pany of the Volunteers took place last Saturday evening at the Drill fall (new quarters), there being over 100 present. The company included the follow- ins; Captains Smith, Potter, Roberts, and Avery; Lieutenants Ridgway, Lapage, and Picton •' Surgeon- Major Adams, Colour-Sergeants Spencer, Cliff°, and Jones; Mr. W. B. Roberts, Mr. Victor Roberts' Dr. French, of London, Mr. J. M. Greenhalgh, and Mr. F. Fieldhouse. Lieutenant Whitfield, of 2nd V.B. South Lancashire Regiment, was also present. An attractive programme had been arranged, and the evening was pleasantly passed with songs. solos, recitations, &c., and brief speeches. The following toasts were enthusiastically received:—" The health of the King," proposed by the chairman (Captain R. Smith); "The Army and Navy," by Mr. W. B. Roberts, and replied to by Sergeant-Major Ingrain; " Colonel Edelston, and Officers of the Battalion." by Colour Sergeant Taylor, and replied to by Captain Potter. " The visitors and musical friends," by the Chairman, and replied to by Colour Sergeant Chile, and Mr. Clement George; " Captain Smith, and Lieut. Lapage," by Mr. W. B. Roberts, and replied to by Captain Sthith and Lieut. Lapage. The evening's entertainment included the following items: —Mr. .1. H. Greenhalgh, song, " Land of Hope and Glory ;" Mr. William Owen, song, " Sailing ; ' the Brothers Brobbin., selections on concertinas ; Mr Victor Roberts, several comic songs, also some conjur- ing tricks ' • Mr. F. Fieldhouse, songs," The Yeoman's Wedding Song," and "Reign Edward, R ign IMr. Clement -George, recitations ; Mr. W. Ireland, songs, " Let me like a Soldier fall," " Bonnie Mary of Argyle," and "The Veteran's Song ;" Mr. P. Smith, "The Storm Fiend ;" and Private Rutter, cornet solo " When other Lips." Mr. G-. H. Anderton, in his usual able manner, acted as accompanist.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i

===== 0002601_19050408_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examinet, Saturday, April 8, 1905.

Personal. Mr. T. Birchall, J.P., is still confined to his house with a severe attack of bronchitis. He has been ailing for a long time and his condition is causing his friends considerable anxiety. On Saturday, at Berne, Switzerland, a daughter was born to Lord and Lady Acton. Mother and child are reported to be doing well. Lady Acton will be remembered locally as the daughter of Mr. T. H. Lyon, of Appleton Hall. Major C. J. Holmes, Royal Army Medical Corps (R.P.), has arrived at Warrington, and assumed medical charge of the station hospital and troops at that station, in relief of Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Thiele, Royal Army Medical Corps. ' H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.—Advt. Prize Distribution - - - -

The annual prize distribution at the Kuutsford-road Primitive Methodist Chapel took place on Sunday afternoon. The programme consisted of hymns sung with great precision by the scholars; Scripture alpha- bets, S:c., were recited. The meeting was presided over by Mr. William Crampton. The prizes were dis- tributed by Miss Crampton who spoke encouraging words to the scholars.---The school is in a flourishing condition. A Tour In Switzerland. This was the subject of a highly interesting paper read at a meeting of the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Guild on Thursday evening by Mr. Fred Atkinson. Mr. S. Blythe presided over a large attendance: The meeting proved a most enjoyable one, Mr. Atkinson's descriptions of the beautiful places which he visited during a short holiday in Switzerland being listened to with pleasure and interest. Mr. Lawson effectively I sang" The soldier's dream." On the motion of Mr. E. Rickers, seconded by Mr. W. Wilkes, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the essayist and vocalist. LADIES' BEST GLACE &JOTS AND SHOES, UNDER CLOCK. BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. Buckley Street P.S.A. Society. Dr. Ferguson presided over a good attendance at an open meeting of the above society which was held on Sunday. The speaker was Mr. Tom Bold, who took for the subject of his address" Let not your heart be troubled." Mrs. J. Hannan gave an effective. render- ing of the solos, "The last milestone" and "The everlasting day." Mr. Berry was heard to advantage in a bass solo "A dream of paradise." Miss M. Plinston was the accompanist. Mr. W. Shaw and Mr. H. Woolley also took part in the service. Ten new members were welcomed, making a total membership of 213. smoking Concert. On Thursday evening a most enjoyable " Hot pot and Smoker" took place at the White Hart Hotel, Market Place, in connection with the presentation of prizes to the winners of the Billiard Handicap). An excellent programme was submitted. Mr. Fred' War- burton giving several songs in excellent style. Mr. Walter Baird played selections on the gramophone, while Mr. James Emson and Mr. W. Sutton were the humourista of the evening. Other songs were given by Mr. W. Dobson, Mr. W. Green, &c. An efficient accompanist was found in Mr. Tom Taylor. The prize winners were : —Mr. F. Pemberton ; Hr. B. Daintith ; Mr\ L, G. Weisker ; Mr. A. Jones. I "PREMIER" CYCLES at 7 guineas startling value.— / S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warrington.— Advt.

A Tell-Tale Finger Print. About 5.30 on the morning of March !•23rd, a young man gave himself up to the Warrington police with a ' stolen bicycle in his possession. This, it seemed, he had taken from outside the Ship Inn, Rainhill, on the previJus evening, while its owner was making a call within.— Sergeant Baxendell, at Prescott Petty Sessions on Tuesday, said that the, young fellow declined to give any information about himself, and so an impres- sion was taken of one of his fingers, with the result that they had received prisoner's photograph and notice from London that he was Robert Arthur Ellison, a suspicious • character.—Prisoner Was remanded to the Quarter Sessions at Liverpool, to be held on the 18th inst. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MLNERAL I ATERS.—Advt. Buckley-street Band of Hope. In connection with Buckley-street Sunday School Band of Hope a grand concert was given on Monday evening by the pupils of Miss L. Williams' School and the Band of Hope Juvenile Choir. Miss Williams' Orchestra rendered two items in a very pleasing manner. The pupils were responsible for the follow- ing, action songs and 'songs and choruses, "The Flowery Garland," "Go Bye-bye," "Tardy Scholar" and " Pit pat." Each item was exceedingly nretty and encores were demanded for all. The duet "Gipsy Countess" snug by Miss Dunn and Master T. Tanner proved to be the most popular item of the evening. Tl.e juvenile dhoir were very successful in the cantata "The Lost Gipsy." The principal parts were well sustained by Miss C: Hewitt as Gipsy, Misses A. Whalley and I. Harrison, Schoolgirls ; Mister A. Fairhurst, Gipsy; Masters P. Kean and A. Palmer, Schoolboys. Mr. A. E. Trow who had trained the choir, accompanied. 'On Tuesday evening the pro- gramme was repeated with equal rsuccess. In addition Mr. Whitfield gave two humorous recitations Miss Williams' pupils rendered "Five O'clock Tea." The part of gipsy in the cantata was ably taken by Miss Ada Fairhurst. Mr. A. Jennings occupied the chair both evenings. Debate on Disestablishment. At the weekly meeting of the Social Service League held in Golborne-street school on Thursday evening under the presidency of the Rev. H. Dannico, a debate on "Should the Protestant State Church be disestab- lished and disendowed ?" was opened by Mr. Joseph Howes. He defined the meaning of the word " Protestant" and pointed out that the age of the Established Church depended upon that definition, because if it were a Protestant Church—as he con- tended, according to Acts of Parliament, it was—it could not have existed before the protest was made. Mr. Howes alluded to the Acts of Par- liament passed from the end of the reign. of Henry VIII. down to the Act of Uniformity showing, as he submitted, how the Established Church came into existence. Dealing Nvith disendowment he referred to the origin and history of some of the State Church revenues, pointing out how a vast amount of property now under the control of the Eciclesiasticab Commissioners had been obtained on the short lease ' system and that as landlords the Commissioners had acquired a great deal of wealth created by Noncon- formists as well as Churchmen, but which was now used exclusively for the benefit of one religion. He argued ag”inst State interference in religious matters suggesting that true religion was too sacred for Parliament to touch. Disestablishment, he further cmtended, was impossible without disendowment. The discussion was taken part in by the Chairman, Councillor Magian, Messrs. Hawthorne, Heywood, E. Wynne Jones, Elwell and Dalby, the opiniori being almost unanimous in favour of disestablishment. With regard to endowments, the Rev. H. Dunnico sub- mitted that money left to the church since the Reformation might wisely be left in the bands.of the Anglican Church while that left prior to the Reforma- tion, which now really belonged to the State, could be well applied to educational purposes. Mr. Howes was thanked on the motion of Mr. Morton seconded by Mr. Hitchin.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROAD FOREMANSHIP.

Another Appointment.

On Monday the Paving and Sewerage Committee again considered the applications for the Ilvacant road fore- manship. and Mr. Joseph Cook (foreman for Moser Bennie and Thompson) was selected for the position. The recommendation will come before the Town Council for confirmation or otherwise on Tuesday evening. Speaking at a smoking concert at the Junior Conservative Club on Thursday evening, Mr. E. DRAPER alluded to the treatment which a leading member of their organization, Mr. W. L. Williams, had received in his application for the position of road foreman. He thought that those present would agree that had Mr. Wlliams been appointed he would have proved a most valuable and efficient servant of the Corporation. He was, however, pursued in such a vin- dictive manner by his political opponents that he did not succeed in his application. He (Mr. Draper)thought that was regrettable for many reasons, not the least being that there was a tendency to prevent , workingmen from taking an active and intelligent interest ,in local politics. Nothing made more for purity in local politics than that workingmen should take an active interest in them and anything which tended to remove that interest was to be greatly ' regretted. , Mr. W. L. WILLIAMS spoke during the evening and contended that Councillors Stott and Wright had gone against their principles of trade unionism in opposing Lhim

===== 0002601_19050408_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
WINWICK FREE CHURCH HALL.

worship had long since passed. They were not there WARRINGTON AND THE cap in hand asking anyone's permission to come —(applause.)—and hisi only hope was that during the next 25 years every village in the country would have a free church hall. They were not there as Free Church- I SHIP CANAL. men. They stood there for the unfettered proclamation I of the gospel in its pure beauty and simplicity, and that , ---- would be the theme of everyone who preached from that pulpit. (Applause.) A word about their friend Mr. ; The Appeal to the House of Lords. Oatley, who was modestly inconspicuous in that work. He had done a great deal to further the object they had 1 In the House of Lords on Monday, before the Lord in view, and had worked nobly and yet unostentatiously. He must also refer to the:good workdone by their friend, Chancellor, Lords Macnaghten, James and Lindley, an Mr. R. Ormiston. (Applause.) He (the speaker) wanted appeal was begun at the instance of Messrs. Joseph to see that Free Church hall a success. He wanted Crosfield and Sons James Fairclough and Sons, and I them to feel something of the revival spirit which was Monk, Hall, and GO , and other traders and manufac- In local Nonconformisi circles pleasant recollections I surging not over Wales alone but he hoped and ventured turers carrying on *business at Warrington, and the will long be centred round the events of Thursday. ito believe around Warrington as well. They wanted Mayor and Corporation of Warrington, the respondents With fitting impressiveness the Free Church Hall to kear the gospel proclaimed in its simplicity and he being the Manchester Ship Canal Company. The appeal asked them in the name of the Free Church Council to is from an order of the Court of Appeal reversing a do their utmost to make the services there successful decision of Mr. Justice Byrne on a question raising a which has been erected in the quaint village of 0 fte question. from .itrntuhmeierrialmsistaantdt);iintilhautt building could be point of law whether the High Court had or had not Winwick was opened in the presence of a large sympathyi tobie wwiojekhtthet jrieniaistdeidatieorLetoentertain gathering representative of nearly all shades of Free enthusiasm, love, genercsity andPalleged failurethe aealmtter Church opinion. Hitherto the Nonconformists of Winwick have had no building of their own in which members of the Free Church Council had tried to show pany to carry out their obligations as Ship Canal Coin- Winwick have worship and the need for such accommodation has in Warrington. (Applause.) c dredging of the Mersey at Warrington and the claim of been accentuated by the opening of the County j Mr. Oatley said they wanted everyone in the village the Company that under their Act the dispute must be I Asylum, many of the staff being members of to understand they as Free Churchmen loved the Church settled by arbitration. of England as they loved all who called upon the name Mr. Ralph Neville, !C.C., on behalf of the appellants rauthreehLeofrLJeLuesgwhreiislt.the(eArtahuese). They like the oa argued gtleed that section 88 of the Act of 1895 and clause 10 Nonconformist denominations. For several months edmi dpanno t maketerefei it compulsory seoereye on the Warrington and District Free Church Council her as free as they were. (Applayusw4u If she to see the CoregoreraertLeentoerftliBe9C6 has applied itself with commendable zeal to the furtherance of a scheme for the erection of a ball free her spiritual usefulness would be increased to the dredging of the Mersey Company to arbitration, but only which, while being distinctive of no single denomina- 'to a measure far beyond all their imagin- I enabled the Corporation or the Company to require such tion, shall provide a service cOvePtahle to all:Free ' ings. How could a State control a Church whose difference to be so referred if either of the parties ideals were immeasurably above its own ? (Applause.) thought fit. Under section 88 the Corporation and the That building stood ff as a witness to the liberty made Company had power to agree that any dispute between Churchmen. The foundation stone of a suitable bile tohfetensuwoeorrefor whether sacrifices of their fore- them should be determined by a judicial tribunal instead building was laic: on December Ist, 1901, by Mrs. Charles E. Parker and the work has proceeded apace possiblettie fathers. they were worthy lof being submitted to arbitration. The traders had an of those sacrifices, but he thought the erection of that ' independent right of action, and were not bound by was withthheeld. result Thetliat on Thursday urswdialyiehthe opening service stands in sienae building showed that they were, at any rate, trying to provisions by arbitration relating only to differences pleasant lane not far from St. Oswald's Church,has been make themselves worthy. The building was also a between the-Corporation and the Company. built to the designs of Mr. George T. Gatley,architect, witness to the unity and a,greement of Free Churches The Lord Chancellor said there appeared to be no upon the fundamental doctrines of their faith, arbitration clause affecting the traders. It was not built by one denomination hut Mr. /Seville: That is so except in so far as :they are fouf nd. Bristol ur, . wilhaor r) g, eFnaeirrooul osnly subscribed g h hbasscr been edby a federation. of Free Churches. It was possible represented b the Corp oration. e the eOO sole o con- the y tractor, and Mr. R. Ormiston, of Winwick, has that some day it might be handed over to one deuomina- 'Me further hearing vas adjourned till Tuesday. . rendered valuable service in supervising the scheme. tion and when that time came he believed that there On Tuesday Mr. Neville, K.C, said here they had a There is a consensus of opinion that the hall is was not one present who would feel hurt if he was not case of agreement by Act of Parliament and then an splendidly 'adapted for the purpose. The inside a member of that particular denomination. (Hear, arbitration clause,and the question was did that involve dimensions are 50 feet by 25 feet and the hear.) He hoped the time was not far distant when the ousting of the Court. He submitted that that had interior of the hall presents a bright appear there would be no Church of England and Noncon- never been held. It would, in fact, contradict the ance. It is an entirely brick erection, stuccoed l°ol7isetst'siley were now known but that all who result of decided cases. Christ would be known by the simple name of The Lord Chancellor: Ido not quite know what the inside, and has an open timber roof of pitch pine. Chrrsrrd tiane. (Applause.) difference between you is. If it is simply a question of pine, nd Tho' Rev. A. Harvey thought the opening of that the jurisdiction of the Court, that is one -thing. If there a building marked a distinct advance in the Free is no jurisdiction there is an end of it. But if there is Tnhde thererostrum a re anda large all the he entrance woodwork porch, of offices. Seating accommodation is provided for Church Council work in the district. It was only the jurisdiction tho effect of your having gone to the Court second building of its kind in the country, and he was is enough, I suppose ? about 200 persons. The total cost of the scheme is ypesitetri; a delighted that the Free Church Council had accom- Mr. Neville said he should say it was waived. £7OO. • pushed that work. If it had accomplishednothin more g The Lord Chancellor: If the Court had jurisdiction The opening service was conducted by' the Rev. it had shown • • • the unity which existed at the present it had it, and there is an end of it. Professor J. Hope Moulton. M.A. D. Lit, of Didsbury College,the hall being filled to its utmost capacity, time amongst members of Free Churches. He hoped the Mr. Neville said it was not necessary for his case to villagers would realize that that building call i The attendance included many Warrington ministers. of God, and not t ahallor chapel, but would other side had no right under the circumstances to go to Appropriate hymns were sung, the Rev. J. F. Matthews . ._ r . dignify it by the name of a Free Church. It was a Free arbitration under the Act of 1889. Statutory arbitra- presiding at the organ. Church unfettered ban trammels of stat worshi i • Prof. Hope Moulton based an eloquent discourse on ~ . 7 .3' et Pla rig tions were excluded under the provisions of that Act, God accordion. to His dictates, and recognizing as its and if they had a statutory provision the only way to ' the words : "Except the Lord build the house, they " head ' sole the Lord Jesus Christ. (Applause). prevent an action going to trial was to proceed labour in vain that build it. Except the Lord keep a city, the watchman waketh but in Mr. T. Dale said they were pleased at the reiult of under section 4 of the Arbitration Act to stay ' vain. It is vain for you to rise up early, to eat their work and be hoped it would stimulate others to proceedings in the action. Mr. Cripps admitted in, the the bread of sorrows ; for so he giveth his co-operate with them. (Hear, hear.) They wanted to court below that if it was a question of waiver he agreed beloved sleep.." They were told in the text in most break down the dividing walls of creed, to wipe out all that they had waived their rights and the jurisdiction uncompromising fashion that God's part in their lives small divisions and be one in Christ and brotherly love, of the Court would come in. was absolutely necessary—without it everything was (Applause.) Lord Lindley: Can you sue so long as this question vanity of vanities. God gave unto His beloved in ', The Rev. 3.5. Hughes said they were grateful to all of sufficiency of dredging in the Mersey is undetermined I sleep that which the world could never get by all its who had helped in the movement. He hoped that other by arbitration? Is that a condition precedent? ! toil. They had in the text the authoritative putting of federations of Free Churches would follow the example Mr. Neville: By arbitration or the courts of law. of Warrington and erect Churches of that kind in Lord Lindley : Can the courts decide that? a great truth—that God helped those who helped them- h selves. All those who did their best,laboured earnestly, , t ousands of villages where there was at presentno Free Mr. Neville: My contention is that they can. and committed the result to God 'would receive Church. Mr. Bonsfleld, K.C., followed on the same side, arguing His blessing and it was that blessing which ! Mr. G. E. Parker said that in the trust deeds of the that the Canal Company had waived the right to require church there was a provision that if the majority of the any difference with regard to the subject matter of the would make their work succeed. The preacher quoted the story of the'erection of Eddystone lighthouse people attending the church so desired could purchase action to be referred to arbitration. The traders had as an example of how God helped a genius who used all the building for the use of a particular denomination, an independent right of action, and were not bound by In that event the money so received would he the powers that God gave him in conscious dependence , . . y used for provisions for arbitration relating only to differences the erection of a building so newhere else. The building between the Corporation and the Company. •• on God's power. If anyone thought that by having had great possibilities usefulness but it would require God's help it would be possible to write dramas like JUDGMENT RESERVED. from the people of Winwick something of service and Shakespeare or make mathematical discoveries liko . Wednesday was an idle day, but on Thursday the sacrifice Some burdens would have to be borne bq it Newton he was mistaken. God would net make it • • hearing was resumed. Mr. Bonsfield K.Ccontinuing and ~ . would be well worth it. (Applause.) Let it be a place his argument . • • possible • for them to do things for which their minds is argument interrupted on Tuesday afternoon, main- to where they could gather together in unity and where " and power did not fit them,b9t be would enable them tained that the jurisdiction of the courts had not been th • I* d lb it. Thr their Ives would he made stronger, otter and tr . .. . .

use their powers to the very utmom _.aey might be sure that when they were working with Him they were getting the very utmost possible out of their lives. That principle worked in the very composition of the Word of God. The Bible gave as much trouble to the writers as any secular book could have done. What was called inspiration was sinply that human scribes, prophets, seers and historians, were engaged in writing to the very best of their powers, and God came down upon them and filled them with that which had made the Book not only absolutely human but absolutely divine. That afternoon they were gathered together under circumstances which made them feel that surely the Lord Himself must have built that house,and there- fore these who had toiled for it could not possibly have toiled in vain. They were thinking at the present time as they read even the secular newspapers of the great 'subject of the revival of God's work that was so blessedly visible in many parts of this country as well as in Wales. They were asking what it was that man had to do in preparation for such a revival of God's work. He thought they might go back to their text or to the well-known story of Elijah on Mount Carmel, to see what they had to do. r t was their business to build the altar, to lay the victim in place, to make all the promises, and then to pray, and down from Heaven above would come the sheet of flame with which God answered whenever men had dedicated themselves in earnest prayer to His service, whenever men had resolved that no longer would they be hindrances to God working out His own acts and achieving His own grand purposes in His own way. They prayed that soon the sacred fire might come down upon the house in which they were met that afternoon to worship God. The Divine teacher, concluded the preacher, led them by ways which were sometimes hard to understand, through happiness and sorrow, success and failure, but there was no sorrow, that was to be regarded as ultimate sorrow; there that was no failure that was to be regarded as true failure for him who had dedicated his life to God. A time was coming when the problem would be solved, and in the light of the after knowledge they would know that all the time One who was too wise to err had been leading them perpetually towards the great end He had in view for their lives. The Rev. J. F. Matthews expressed on behalf of the Free Church Council and members of that fine congrega- tion their extreme gratitude to Professor Moulton. In a short address Professor Hope Moulton pointed out that the Free Church Council had not come to the village in order to show hostility to anybody. Even if the relations between the Established Church and the Free Churches in those parts were absolutely ideal, there was abundance of room in any village for the two kinds of services. He was sure that .those who be-

ruer. (Applause). The Rev. J. F. Matthews announced that as the result of the day'sproceedings the sum of £24 Ss. 9d. had been realized. the Rev. John Yonge said that had it not been for Mr. Oatley that building would never have existed, as Mr. Oatley initiated it in a letter which he addressed to the Rev. C. H. Hocken when he was in Warringtoo. Mr. Oatlev also started the scheme with a donation of gloo and ho hoped he (Mr. Oakley) would carry away with him some feeling of gratification at the climax which they were that day consurnmating.Hemoved that they accord him a hearty vote of thanks for his presence that day. Mr. Ormiston seconded and in doing so included in the vote all the speakers and the ladies who had helped at tea. The vote was heartily accorded. In responding Mr. Oatley denied being the original mover in the matter of erecting the church. The sug- gestion he said was orignally made to him by Mrs. Ormiston. (Applause). During the proceedings a number of authems were ably given by the members of the Wycliffe Church Choir, while Mrs. Pearson was responsible for the solo "Behold the King" which was excellently sung. Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ.

ousted, and thae in any event the Canal Company had waived their rights to insist on arbitration. The more confirming of anarbitration clause had never been taken by the court to be conclusive as to ousting jurisdiction. The court had always taken all the circumstances into view, and it was a question of construction in each individual case, whether having regard to the whole statute and the circumstances of the case, the particular clause ousted jurisdiction or not. If there was a general rule it would be that an arbitration clause in a public Act of Parliament did oust the juris- diction of the court, but that a mere arbitration clause in a private Act did not oust jurisdiction. There was nothing in the agreement in this case to carry it further than that. It was clearly an agreement made pursuant to the power in the original Act•to modify if they pleased the original statutory agreement. The arbitra- tion clause was clearly part of the agreement, and the parties were entitled to waiver, and it only con- ferred upon either party the right to insist upon a special tribunal. He asked their lordships to hold that the reasoning in the Court of Appeal was not sound and that there was a right to go to the courts to enforce the agreement qua agreement. Mr. Moulton, K.C., on behalf of the Manchester Ship Canal Company, said no doubt a difficulty arose through there being two statutes and two parties—the Corpora- tion and the traders—whose case might be, and he thought was, diffaent to a certain extent. The statutory obligation of dredging the channel of the Mersey at the point in question was by the Act of 1895 placed on the Manchester Ship Canal Company as between the Corporation of Warrington and the com- pany. Had that dredging been done clearly under both ' Acts of 1885 and 1896? That was a question which could only be decided by an arbitrator or engineer, and if that was how the matter had to be decidedas between the Corporation and the company it was surely most improbable that the traders were to be allowed , to go to a diflarent tribunal—namely, the courts of law, I which might have taken an entirely different view from the arbitrator. Mr. Cripps, K.C., followed on the same side. Mr. Neville, K.C., being heard for the appellants in reply, • The Lord Chancellor intimated that their lordships would reserve judgment. The question to be decided now is whether the dredging dispute should have been referred to an arbi- trator in the first instance, instead of being submitted to a court of law.

-_-4,-.

longed to the Free Churches would joyfully meet together in that hall until a strong church had been built up and it would be for the members then to say what denomination they would definitely belong to. The hall would then be handed to that denomination and the money devoted to similar work in other parts of the country.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EVENING PROCEEDINGS.

Vigorous Speech by the Rev. J. F. Matthews.

At the evening meeting there was a 'crowded attend- ance the seating capacity of the building being taxed to the utmost. Mr. G. T. Oatley, of Bristol occupied the chair, being supported by the Revs. J. Yonge, J. S. Hughes, J. F. Matthews, H. Wall and A. Harvey, (Widnes), and Messrs. C. E. Parker and Thomas Dale. The Rev. J. F. Matthews said that roughly speaking they had in hand or promised the sum of £335, and they reckoned that the collections and offering that day would amount to £2O. Mr. Ormiston had informed him that he had £lO more so that they had some £lOO Already given or promised towards the cost in round figures of £7OO for the completion of the scheme. He thought that a..very fair start. ((fear, hear.) He was delighted to be able to say that the spirit which had characterised those who had the work in hand had been very generous and happy. As Free Churchmen The thought they were to be warmly congratulated upon having opened such a building in a village in which hitherto Free Church services had never been held. He hoped tho building would be intimately associated with the furtherance of the Eree Church movement in the parish. (Applause.) Mr. Matthews proceeded to refer to a speech made by the Rev. J. Yonge at the foundation stone laying ceremony, in which the Rev. Yonge said the building was not being erected in a spirit of antagonism to any existing church. These words had been uttered, he said, with the usual 'urbanity and courtesy which always characterized Mr. Yonge and could not have been better said by anyone. (Hear, hear.) Yet he had been a little it troubled mime he read those words, not because anyone who beard them uttered might have any misunderstanding, but because they might have been construed into something of the nature of an apology for their entrance into the village as Free Churchmen. Lie did not think they were in any sense meant as an apology. In fact the time for apology for Free Church

===== 0002601_19050408_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S GOLDEN BUTTER

BISCUITS.

PROGRESSIVE LABOUR LEAGUE.

Debate on Education.

An interesting debate on the education question was introduced by Councillor John Maginn at the weekly meeting in connection with the Progressive Labour League held at the Liberal Club on Tuesday evening. Mr. S. Wright presided over a good attendance. Councillor MAGINN contended that working men, no matter to which denomination they belonged, were I bearing an unfair burden of the educational expendi- ture. The Education Act vas carried through the I House of Commons in opposition to the great majority of the people of the country, and be considered that a question of such vital importance should have been submitted to the elector- ate before the Bill was introduced. Education, in his view, should be an imperial and not a local matter as it was in the interests of the whole community that children should be well taught. The taxes for educa- tion should be collected imperially and each individual should bear an equal share. If education charges in the town continued to increase at the present rate it would have the effect of depopulating working centres. The present system of rating was unequally distributed, as the working people in towns had to pay for the education of a larger number of children than the well- to-do classes residing in the country. Workinmen had also to contribute to the cost of secondary education from which most of them obtained no benefit because they could not afford to send their children to the higher institutions. To be of advantage to the working class community, secondary education must take the form of equipping the children to earn their living. Children should be educated to the highest level of ' manufacturing on scientific lines at the expense of the state. A spirited debate was taken part in by the Chairman, the Rev. H. Dunnico, Messrs. G. Walker, E. Pliuston, Hitchin, Cotterell. Dailey and others. Mr. WALKFiIa thought that to make education an imperial charge would mean a great loss of interest in the question on the part of the general mass of the community, as the taxation would be indirect. The ratepayers of Warrington were now paying through the nose for what ought to have been done years ago. Had there been a School Board about ten years ago new schools would have been erected and the result would have been tin educational system worth calling a municipal one. As it was we had twenty or thirty schools, and scarcely one of them was modern. The Education Committee had converted a chaotic system into something like regularity. He had been taken to task by the local teachers for some recent remarks, but he repeated that it was quite possible to fix the educational ideal too high, so that while it berm-: fitted a few it was of practically no use to the great majority. The Rev. H. DuNNrco agreed that education could I never be efficient and adequate until it was national. There ought to be more attention given also to an elementary system of education, for, he contended, that to a very large degree the duty of the State ended when it had given to the child a sound elementary basis of education. It was unfair to tax the poorer classes for secondary education which only in very few instances could they avail themselves of. If they wanted to provide a higher education for the cleverer children of the poorer classes it could be done by means of bursaries and scholarships. He contended that the ratepayers did not get an adequate return for the expenditure on the Secondary School at Warrington as the children educated there were very largely the children of those who were well able to pay. He agreed that the ultimate solution of the education difficulty would be to raise the whole cost by imperial taxation, but the control should remain in the hands of local authorities He defied anyone to put to a better method than the old School Board system. Mr. PLINSTON said they ought to make it possible for every child of ability to attain the topmost ring of the 1 educational ladder, but they must not force education to a degree that was not necessary to enable the work- ing classes to gain a living. A vote of thanks to Councillor Maginn concluded th meeting.

At Sotheby's a first folio Sbakspere was, after close bidding, knocked down to Messrs. Sonoran for £255. The volume was included in the library of the late Mr. Abott, C. 8., of Ayrshire. The preliminary pages had been supplied in facsimile, but otherwise the folio was in a good state.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S

NEXT AMATEUR OPERA. "The Mikado."

THE CAST AND THE CHORUS.

Public curiosity has naturally been whetted as to the neat opera which Members of the Warrington Musical Society intend to present to their almost innumerable patrons. We are sure the selection of "'he Mikado " will give general satisfaction, for there is little doubt that if a popular vote were taken this delightful opera would be found to take high rank among the favorite Gi lbert-Sullivau collaborations. En- couraged by the splendid success which has attended the two previous operatic productions, the Committee has decided to afford the public extended opportuni- ties of seeing this yem's performances by presenting "The Mikado " in the Parr Hall for six nights, commencing October 10th. The first rehearsal will be held in Cairo Street Schoolroom on Tuesday, May 2nd, and there is every indication that the pro- ject will be entered into with that whole-heartedness which has been so important a factor in the attain- ment of past successes. The cast, as decided upon at a recent meeting of the Opera Committee, is a powerful one. While most of the principals who have already achieved triumphs in the amateur operatic realm will make welcome re-appearance, the public will be interested in the inclusion for the first time it) leading parts of two well known lady vocalists. Below is the complete list of the ladies and gentlemen who have been invited to take part :

DRAMATIS PERSON,E. , The Mikado Mr. Fred Fieldhouse Nanki-Poo Mr. J. Rabbitt Ko-Ko Mr. C.P. Gough Pooh-Bah Mr. J. W. Bibby Pish•Trish Mr. W. H. Wallington Yum-Yum Mrs. Arthur Booth Pitti-Sing 'Miss Mabel Henshall Peep-Bo Mrs. Stone Eatisha --- -- Miss Nellie Anderton

===== 0002601_19050408_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
The Chorus :

Sopranos: Miss Daunt, Miss Knowles, Miss D. Owen, Miss Morris, Miss Collin, Mrs. Hope, Miss Bridge, Miss Gilbert, Miss Houghton, Miss A. V. Crompton, Miss Riddel, Miss Arline Harrison. Contraltos: Miss E. D. Jeans, Miss M. W. Collin, Miss Willeocks, Miss Cheswortb, Miss E. Fairolough, Miss G. Pemberton, Miss A. Wallington, Miss !fibbed, Miss Caldwell.

Tenors: Mr. W. Sontson, Mr. J. E. Hannan, Mr. J. Parkinson, Mr. John Burn, Mr. R. T. Falcolough, Mr. J. P. Huktable, Mr. J. Lee, Mr. W. Mountleld ; Mr. J. Newall, Mr. H. Taylor, Mr. N. Gook. Mr. J. H. Draper Basses : Mr. W. Moores, Mr. J. T. Knowles, Mr. J. IT. Fisher, Mr. G. G. Ainsworth. Mr. A. Cotterill, Mr. J. J. Duffy, Mr. A. R. C. Gough. Mr. T. Humphreys, Mr. R. H. Silcock, Mr. A. Halo, Mr. L. Robertson.

The death took place at Dover on Wednesday of Mr. Thomas Sawyer, who built the first cycle used by Ring Edward as a boy. The machine is of the " boneshaker " class, and is understood to be still in existence.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
OPENING SERVICE AND PUBLIC MEETING.

Sermon by Professer J. Hope Moulton.

HOSPITAL SUNDAY,

Amounts Collected.

The returns of the collections made last Sunday week in the churches in Warrington and the surrounding dis- tricts, on behalf of the Warrington lafirmary, are almost complete. From the comparative statement given below it will be seen that in many instances the amount raised has been increased, whilst several churches have renewed their contributions. How the totals will compare it is impossible to say before all the returns have been made, but in all probability a slight increase will be noted. The amounts acknowledged up-to-date are :- 1905. £ s. d. St. Pauls Church 3O 3 4 Cairo Street Chapel l6 3 9 Latchford Christ Church l5 19 0 St. Thomas Church, Stockton Heath Holy Trinity Church Wycliffe Church Winwick Church • 8 6 4 St. Mary's Church, Sankey 7 17 7 Grappenhall Church St. Peter's Church 6 1 8 St. Barnabas Church 5 11 3 Padgate Church St. Alban's Church Stratton Church 4ll 6 Padgate Wesleyan Church ' 4 9 9 St. James Church St. Mary's(R.C.)Church,Warrington 3 18 2 , St. Ann's Church Peuketh Wesleyan Church 3 10 4 St. Luke's Church 3 4 0 Academy-street Chapel 3 0 Wash-lane Baptist Church 3 0 0 St. Peter's Church, Newton Gospel Hall 2 .16 4 Lynam Baptist Church 2 12 6 Friar's Green Methodist Church 2 5 0 ' Emmanuel Reformed Church 2 0 0 St. Clement's Mission 2 0 0 Moore Wesleyan Chapel 2 0 0 Providence Chapel Stockton Heath 1 16 0 Training College Chapel I 12 1 Latchford IVesleyan Church Croft Unitarian Chapel Workingmen's Mission Bank Quay 1 5 7 Independent Methodist Chapel Buckley-street Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Chapel 1 1 0 All Saints Mission Whitley Church 1 1 0 St. George's Mission Woolston Mission 0 17 0 Ragged School Welsh Chapel Stockton Heath Wesleyan Chapel 0 15 0 Whitley Wesleyan Chapel Orforderturch 0 13 0 Ellestnere-street Mission Houghton Green Wesleyan Chapel 0 9 2 St. Hilda's Mission Prim. Methodist. Chapel,Latchford 0 3 0

19N. s. d. 25 10 0 23 G 9 12 4 11

1 1 0 1 2 1 1 1 0 O 0 0 O 0 0 O 0 0 O 12 0 1 0 0 O 0 0 O 0 0 1 1 0 O 12 3 O 17 0 O 0 0 O 3 0

===== 0002601_19050408_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
CUTTINGS FROM THE MAGAZINES.

THE LION IN GREECE.

Some time ago Professor A. B. Meyer, the Director of the Zoological Museum at Dresden, published an article un the alleged existence of the lion in historical times in Greece. A translation of this article appears in the recently issued Annual Report of the Smithsonian Institution. As regards the mention of that animal in Homer, the author is of opinion that the writer of the Iliad was probably acquainted with the lion, but this does not prove its former existence in Greece. The accounts given by Herodotus and Aristotle merely go to show that about 500 B.C. lions. existed in some part of Eastern Europe. The Greek name for the lion is very ancient and this suggests, although by no means demonstrates, that it refers to an animal indigenous to the countfy.• Although fossil bones of the lion have been recorded,no recent remains of that animal are known from Greece; but this cannot be regarded as a matter of any import- ance in connection with the question. On the whole, although the evidence is not decisive, it seems probable that lions did exist in Greece at the time of Herodotus ; and it is quite possible that the representation of a , lion-chase incised on a Mr:enean dagger may have been ' taken from life. In prehistoric times the lion was spread over the greater part of Europe : and if, as is very probable, the so-called Feria atrox be inseparable, its range also included the greater part of North America.--" Knowledge." CONCERNING "SUCKS."

" This is another thing my aunt doesn't know the meaning of," says "The Schoolboy" in the "April Windsor." "She told me to do something one day, and because she jolly well knew I didn't want to do it, she made up her mind that I wonld'nt. (It was to write a letter to a beastly relation.) And when she came prowl- ing along in an hour or two, and found me readirg `Stalky,' she dropped on me without waiting to ask any questions, and gave me an awful wigging for disobed- ience and want of family feeling, all in a lump." "I listened to everything she had to say, and when she wasn't able to think of anything else in the way of jabber, I just handed her the letter, beautifully written (though I say it myself) and ready to be posted." "1 wasn't vine* to descend to a lot of mean person- , alities, as she had done in her abuse of me; so, when I gave it to her, I merely said, 'Sucks to you ! '—which was brief and to the point." "You never saw any one so badly sold as she was, and still she was too big a silly to know what 'sticks meant, although she had just been given what might be called a practical illustration. She said it sounded dis- gusting, and that I was a nasty, dirty little wretch ; but after having enjoyed the satisfaction of giving her such a gorgeous suck, I didn't care how many names she called me. When one knows one has had the best of it, one can afford to be indifferent to mere exhibi- tions of temper on the part of one's elders."—" April Windsor Magazine." HOW THE SUEZ CANAL WAS MADE.

In digging the Suez Canal, the physical conditions I presented no special difficulty. The material MIS mainly sand, with some rook in thin strata near Chalouf, and the greatest elevation to be cut through did not exceed GO feet, and that only for a short distance. The tides are inconsiderable, necessitating no costly controlling works. labour was abundant, and so cheap that it corn- ! peted successfully with mechanical methods for much of the work. In the early stages of the work hand labour I with wheelbarrows and buckets was largely used, and the men oven scooped the mud with their hands. The whole of the cuts through the high ground were taken out in this crude way, the rate of wages being 15 cents to 20 cents per day, without board. All the dredges were of the endless-chain type, and at first the material was deposited into barges and dumped in the lakes or in the set. Soon great difficulty was lencuuntered in getting rid of the stuff, and dredges with a long shoot or "couloir " were devised. In these dredges the material was raised to a height of 40 to 41 feet and dumped into a hopper, whence the spoil was carried ashore in a couloir some 220 feet long. This couloir consisted of a trough or spout carried by la skeleton frame or cantilever of wrought iron, the base of which rested on a separate float alongside the dredge. The couloir had a slope shore wards of about 1 in 10, and the discharge was assisted by a stream of water. and by a chain with scrapers attached which was- caused to travel down the bottom of the couloir. The greatest cliffloulty was to dirpose of the material on the bank satisfactorily, and it is evident that, what- ever the length of the couloir, the deposit of mud, sand, and water, must sooner or later reach a point at which some of the material will run back again into theortnal.— A. W. Robinson, in "The Engineering Magazine" for April. AN INCIDENT OF PIG-STICKING.

The boar is now beginning to realise that with such relentless and determined foes neither his speed, activity, cunning, nor knowledge of the ground will save his skin. He is blowing, lurching, and going in shifty zig- zags: while the Water is now well in hand, and his rider is only awaiting a favourable moment to call on him for a final rush. The moment appears to have come, the spear is levelled for a purposeful thrust, and the good horse answers to hand and knee; but even as the keen blade pierces and enters three inches into his flank the boar wriggles aside from the stinging steel and postpones the fatal moment. It is not a disabling blow, as Mayne realises only too well ; still,it is enough to swear by, and the sight of blood trickling from the upheaved blade and the barely triumphant hout of " Spear' which reaches them are enough however, to do more than rouse all the fire and fury of the dauntless beast without much weakening his forces ; it evokes, too, fell determination not to be speared again with- out playing a card or counterstoke of his own. At the touch of the spear he has swerved to the right, almost in the path of Turner and Barrow, who press deter- minedly in his tracks, the former leading. For a time he travels in short,jerky zigzags,which foil any attempt to close, while fiery vicious eyes are cast backwards on his pursuers. Then with a sudden angry impulse, he jinks sharp to the left, wheels again, and launches himself on the near flank of Turner's Arab like a flash of grey fury. Before horse or spear can be turned to stein his onslaught he is all among the horse's legs, cutting, gashing, and working his wicked will wholesale with cruel upward-thrusting tushes. The Arab lashes out and plunges, but finally comes down on his knees, and Turner must fain dis- mount, while the boar is away again, with . new pur- pose, to meet in full career Barrow, who is sailing down on him, spear in rest. Neither flinches a hair's-breadth from the course, and the spear pierces the boar's chest with deadly accuracy: but the stout bamboo half shivers to splinters in Barrow's grip, and he himself, from the impetus and shock, totters, overbalances, and falls almost on the top of the pig, who, however, now withdraws a pace or two from the wreckage, shaking his head and wildly gnawing on the broken spear-stem. —From "The Spur and Spear," in the "Cornhill Magazine" for April.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050408_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA INCREASING

The Influenza Epidemic is again spreading over the I country. The visitation of a very prostrating nature, and the disease is certainly on the increase. The origin of the disease or rather the circumstances which bring it about is as much a mystery as ever. You cannot trifle with Influenza. It undermines the Nervous System to a greater extent than almost any other disease and it is Pneumonia that kills, and Pneumonia ' strikes the man who imagines he has only a mild form of Influenza, and can go about the street just as usual. It can hardly be doubted that the prevalence of Chest and Lung Complaints must be ascribed to the baneful influence of Influenza, whose after-effects so frequently take this form. It was a bad day for this Country when this malignant scourge first visited our shores. Year after year it has never since failed to revive at its due time, and to extort its tribute of human life. Having observed its ravages, and its dreadful effects upon the constitution on the occasion of its former visits, we cannot but regard its recurrence with much fear, as a great many have not yet, if they ever will, regain their former health. As a Preventative, we know of nothing equal to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. A few strong doses taken in time have often proved effectual in warding off attacks of this Malady, and always succeed in mitigating their severity when a patient is under their influence. Do you suffer from Chills, alternating with Sudden Flushes. Severe Head- ache, accompanied by difficulty in breathing, and symptoms of Catarrh, Pains in the Chest, under and between the Shoulders, and a stiffness and soreness of the Muscles, Loss of Appetite and Nervousness. If you suffer from any of these symptoms. know that they are the forerunners of Influenza, and it behoves you to resort at once to a course of Gwilyin Evans' Quinine Bitters. By common consent Patients every where admit that they feel more depressed and miserable after an attack of Influenza than while under its influence, and more than they feel after an attack of any other illness. The best way to banish these miserable feelings is to take Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. We can strongly and confidently recommend this Preparation, as it has treated severe cases of Influenza, Heavy Colds, Extreme Weakness, and Languor, with greater success than any other known remedy. We may also add thetas a remedy for Indigestion,Sleeplessness, Low Spirits, Nervousness, and Loss of Appetite. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters stands unequalled. It is sold- in bottles 2s. Pd, and 4s. Pd., by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or sent direct, carriage free, for the above prices, by the Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters Msnufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. Avoid Imitations. See the name Qwilym Evans "on Label Stamp and Bottle.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

SROPBREAKING AT WARRINGTON.

At the Warrington Police Court on Monday William Campbell was charged with breaking into the lock-up shop of the Liverpool "Courier." Winwick-street, Warrington, with intent to steal. Prisoner was caught in the shop by P.C.' s Whitby, Howard and Newey, shortly after midnight on Saturday. He had forced the back door and was busy ransacking the shop. Under ordinary circumstances some £l.O would have been on the premises but fortunately the manager of the branch had taken the money home with him. Prisone was remanded until Thursday.—On Thursday, Campbell was again brought before the magistrates when the charrre was reduced to one of stealing a pocket book from the lock-up shop of the "Liverpool Courier."—Mr. Steel on behalf of the prisoner made a strong plea for leniency. Campbell was the son of respectable parents and had a wife and two little children.—Superintendent Monaghan said the prisoner had been previously con- victed of shopbreaking. lie was a man who would not work.—The Chief Constable said there had been a num- ber of cases of shopbreaking recently. He desired to press the charge.—Prisoner was sent to goal for three months with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Aldermen Francomb and Smethnrst Councillor Wilkinson, _

Messrs. IL Thornton, S. Wri-ght and W. Roberts. WILFUL DAMAGE.—Ann Kimlin' Disl-street, was charged NOtti doing wilful damage by breaking seven panes of glass in a house in Dial-street, and also with being drunk and disorderly.—The evidence showed that the prisoner, who was drunk, broke a e windows in a fit of temper.—A fine of ss. was inflicted.

TlJESD:tY.—Before Aidernisn Hutchinson and Mr. C.

Jackson Holmes.

THEFT.—George -6,;i;iw—ell:-?:,--i3inners Brow, was charged with stealing a wringing machine frame, the property of William Henry Bailey, Orford avenue.—On Satnrday the prosecutor missed the frame and Detective Clough upon making inquiries found that the prisoner had sold it. Prisoner was sent to gaol for seven days with hard labour.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. Fortnightly Meeting.

The fortnightly meeting :if the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present Messrs. A. R. Norman (presiding), E. Roylance, J. Bolsham, EL Eyes, J. Mounfleld, G. Egerton Warburton, J. Stokes, J. Whitlow, A. Broome, T. Baxter, H. M. Davies, C. E. Linaker, J. 11. Davies, J. Smith, T. Wright, A. Mawdsley, T. Guest, S. Woodward, W. Harrison, S. Horton, J. L. Jones, E. Bretherton, C. Horton, R. A. Chrimes, J. Fryer, J. Spruce, W. M. Morris, D. Collins, J. Douglas, J. W. Temperley, J. Rutter, J. Hallows, J. Whitley, R. Billington, C. E. Linaker jun., J. Mounfleld, E. G. Guest together with Messrs. G. F. Ashton (clerk) and W. E. Hough (assistant Clerk) and J. Cunnah (Workhouse master).

===== 0002601_19050408_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENT OF RELIEVING OFFICER.

The Board unanimously decided to appoint Mr. Pearson,Grappenhall to the position of relieving officer for the Frodshara district in succession to Mr. Riley. The Chairman in informing Mr. Pearson of the decision of the Board said they hoped he would be a good servant. They would do their best to make the post as comfortable as possible. Mr. Pearson said he appreciated the honour the Council had done him and could assure them that he would serve the Board to the best of his ability.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TREATMENT OF LUNATICS.

The clerk submitted a report from the Commissioners in lunacy of a visit made to the morkhouse on the 24th February The arrangements for the care of imbecile patients met with their approval but they recommended that steps should be taken for the classification of other inmates of the house whose mental condition was not such that they should be at large. Mr. Niorris said that the mental condition of several of the patients was to be enquired into by the medical officer.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING GIFT.

Mr. Cook (relieving officer) said that Mr. Taylor, a member of the Board, who had been recently married: had given him a sufficient sum to enable him to give Is. extra to 200 people needing relief. (Hear, hear)

FiNANCiAL.

'Mr. Woodward reported that balance in hand, after paying all expenses would be £2,143 2s. 2d. COUCHES FOR AGED INMATES. The Ladies' Visiting Committee recommended that the Board provide couches for aged and infirm inmates in the Workhouse Infirmary. Mr. Ashton reported that the House Committee had gone into the muter and instructed the master to get out specifications. The House Committee, he also re- ported had decided to appoint Miss Mary Cowap as cook vice Miss Ellen Caldwell resigned. Mr. Morris thought the position of cook should have been advertised. _ _ .

The Chairman said it was very little use advertising as very few replies were received. Mr. Spruce moved the confirmation of the minutes of the committee. He thought the committee had done the best thing in regard to the appointment of a cook. The number of inmates was 125 as compared with 137 twelve months ago. Mr. Hallows said there was an almost unanimous opposition to the purchase of couches. The members of the House Committee scouted the idea altogether.

VOTES OF SYMPATHY.

It was decided to send votes of sympathy to Mr. Turner and Mr. Pilling in their respective illnesses.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE ALDERMAN SUTTON.

Pulpit References.

Preaching at St. Paul's Church on Sunday morning the Rev. W. Bracecamp made a brief but touching reference to the late Alderman Sutton. Daring the week, he said, they had been overwelmed with grief at the loss they, as a congregation had sustained ; in fact, the town of Warrington was poorer to-day for the loss of Alderman Thomas Sutton. He had been intimately connected with that church 13 years as people's warden and two years as vicar's warden, and, though not in actual office right up to the time of his death, he always took a keen interest in their welfare, and was always ready to help them with his means, and attended the services as often as he could. It was a very long time since there was such a funeral in Warrington as the one on Friday, such a representative one of all sects and parties, which was ample proof,if such were needad.of the life and character of one who was so respected and beloved by all. He would be a man greatly missed. by individuals and by the town generally. If the history of Warrington was ever recorded, Thomas Sutton's name must be added to the list of worthies who had helped to make Warrington what she was to day. He was very popular among his colleagues in the Connoil, and his advice was always sound and practicable. Two of their most honoured men, Sir Gilbert Greenall and Mr. J. Charlton Parr, were pleased to recognize him as their "mach esteemed and 31d and valued friend." Such was the life and char- acter of him whom they laid to rest, and for whose loss they mourned that day. It seemed to him that there was a lesson for them all—to try and copy such an example, so that when they were called away others might speak of them as they could speak of him who was gone. At the conclusion of the service the organist (Mr. Wilkes) played the Dead March in" Preaching at the Part Hall on Sunday evening the Rev. H. Minnie() also referred to the loss which the town has sustained by the death of Alderman Sutton. He said that he could not do other than express his sorrow at the removal of one who had devoted the greater portion of a long life to promoting what he con- sidered to be the best interests of his town. Politic- ally, and, in a sense, religiously, Alderman Sutton and he stood on opposing platforms, but that did not prevent him from paying his tribute of respect to the deceased gentleman's memory. On his own behalf and on their bealf he tendered their sympathy to the bereaved family. REFERENCE AT THE BOARD OF GUARDIANS

MEETING. At the meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians on Wednesday, Mr. G. Thompson briefly alluded to the death of Alderman Sutton who was at one time a mem- ber of the Board. He thought it was fitting that the Board should place on record their esteem of the ser- vices rendered to the Borough and to the county by the late Alderman and forward a vote of condolence with the family in their bereavement. He moved a resolu- tion to that effect. Mr. HicKmA.N seconded and the motion was carried.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S TRIALS IN SPRING.

How many women feel weary, listless, and withou energy when Spring time approaches? They are to be counted by hundreds in every city and town. Winter fills the blood with impurities which rob the system of its energy. Hence the feeling of what might be termed "Spring languor." This disorder is cured by Nature's own remedy, Bile Beans, because the latter tone up the liver and digestive organs' purify the blood, and restore energy and vigour. Miss Louisa Kinsley, of Cemetery- road, Scunthorpe, says :—"Some time back I felt weak and languid. and altogether out of sorts. I could not sleep, I could not eat,A hid no inclination to work; in fact, I could not have worked if I had tried. My strength seemed to have left me altogether, and all I wanted was to lie down and try to rest. Even that did not relieve me, for I could not get rid of the languid feeling. One day I saw bile beans advertised, and I sent for a box. I felt that they benefited me, and so underwent a course. My condition I improved gradually, and now I am better than I have been for three years. I can eat, sleep, and work hard. It is the beano alone that have brought about the cure. They are without doubt a splendid medicine, and I would earnestly advise their use by anybody suffering as I did." The great vegetable remedy thus highly spoken of by Miss Kuisley is a certain care for head- ache, indigestion, biliousness, liver complaint constipa- tion, piles, debility, female ailments, dizziness, wind, fullness after eating, rheumatism, anmmia, blood impuri- ties, and all disorders arising from imperfect liveraction and assimilation. This medicine is the outcome of the latest scientific research, and while effective in the most difficult cases yet acts mildly. Bile Beans never cause griping, and may be taken in all cases with confidence. They have the recommendation of scientists, doctors, chemists, nurses, and indeed of all who hay tried them and proved their wonderful properties. Obtainable from chemists everywhere, at one-Ind-three halfpence or two-and-nine per box. Sabstittites should be avoided.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

CROSFICLD'S WORKS v. TECHNICAL A..N.D CLERICAL STAFFS. This match took place on Monday on the Warrington Albion ground, Liverpool-road. Dr. Markel kicked off and the "staff" at once pressed, scoring in the first few minutes. The " works" broke away but the final shots were wide. Half-time the "staffs" were leading t)y 1 goal to nothing. In the second half the works equalised and it seemed as if the match was going to be drawn, but 15 minutes off time a change came over the game, and the works scored again. The fast nature of the play, had evidently told upon the "staffs" team, and the staying power olf their opponents being better, they put through 3 more goals finally winning by 5 goals to 1.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

FIRST DIVISION.

P.W. L. D. For Agst Pts. Warrington Albions Lymm l5 9 3 4 37 14 22 Crosfields Latchford Britannia Warrington St. Mary's l2 5 5 2 13 14 12 Stockton Heath Earlostown Thelwall l4 3 8 4 20 25 3 Orford Barracks

SECOND DIVISION. Vulcan A.F.C.. Stockton Reath Res Christ Church Warrington Central St. Barnabas l4 5 4 5 22 20 15 Widnes St. Ambrose Widnes St. Paul's l7 4 9 4 24 38 12 *Daresbury Warrington St. Mary's Res l5 410 1 19 41 9 *Warrington St. Paul's l6 110 5 21 52 5 * Two points deducted for playing ineligible men. Results of Saturday's matches: FIRST DIVISION. Tbelwall 1, Britannia 0. SECOND DIVISION.

Stockton Heath Res. 2, Widnes St Ambrose 3. Widnes St. Pants 2, Vulcan 4. Matches for To-day : FIRST DIVISION.

_ Crosfleld's v. Earlestown Y.C.A. Referee, W. H. Crowther.

Warrington St. Marys v. Britannia, Referee, J. Lloyd.

SECOND _DIVISION.

Widnes St. Ambrose V. Warrington,St. Pauls, Referee, C. Taylor. St. Barnabas v. Stockton Heath Res. Referee. F. Foulkes.

Daresbury v. Vulcan, Referee, J. Mather. EARLESTOWN CUP.

--•••••••---••-•- • - • - • WARRINGTON AIBIONS V. EARLESTOWN WEST END.

This match in the first round for the cup and medals presented by the Earlestown Club, was played at Earles- town on Saturday before a good gate. The game was of a fast character and finally the Albions ran out winners by three goals to one. This is the third time Albions have got over the first round in the competition and they are this year hoping to lift the cup.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, April 8, 1905.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

ST. MARV'S, LATCHFORD.

Solemn Opening of the Organ.

There was a disappointment in store for the large congregations which attended St. Mary's Churoh, Latchford, on Sunday, on the occasion of the solemn opening. after renovation and re-erection, of the new organ. I The Bishop of Shrewsbury had been announced to preach morning and evening, but owing to ill-health his lordship was reluctantly compelled to cancel the engagement. In a letter to the priest-in- charge (Rev. Father Mc Grath) the Bishop said it was always a pleasure to him to meet the good people of Latchford,and he hoped they would understand that he was severely disappointed in not being able to be with them. He should look forward to a visit to Latchford later in the year to redeem his promise. In the Bishop's absence the preacher for the day was the Rev. Father Jagger, S.J., who has a Maid and convincing style of delivery, and he gave two able sermons. In the morning Solemn High Mass was celebrated and although, owing to the Lenten season, the service was of a more subdued character than is usual on special occasions, the rendering of the music by the choir, under Mr. Peter Bate's able conductorship, was most impressive. Mr. John Eckersley, organist of St. Mary's, Battermarket-street, presided at the organ and demonstrated the good qualities of the instrument to advantage. The Mass music selected was "Gounod's Messe du Sacr4 Cceur," and the members of the choir did fall justice to the work. The most effective portion was, without doubt, the Sanctus, in which the voices blended beautifully. The soloists were the Misses Eckersley and Richardson, and Messrs. Joseph M. and Peter Bate. As an offertory piece " Laudate Dominum" (Berneuioni) was rendered with excellent taste, and Mr. Peter Bate is to be complimented upon a highly credit- able intrepretation of the solo. The celebrant of the Mass was the Rev. Father A. H. D'Arcy, the Rev. Father Radcliffe and the Rev. Father D'Arcy acting as deacon and sub-deacon respectively. The altar was beautifully decorated with the choicest flowers. The Rev. Father Jagear devoted his sermon to ex- pounding the doctrine of sacrifice of the Mass. God, he said, had, out of the love he bore to the children of men, given unto them a sacrifice—the Mass—that was fully and adequately -.tisfying to all the claims of divine justice and therein they had an offering that was worthy o.! God. The Mass was the sacrifice pre-figured in the old law, and that it was a sacrifice was clear from the words of institution used by our Lord when He spoke of the giving of His body and the shedding and out-pouring of His blood for many for the remission of ' sins. The Mass was also a sacrifice commemorative of the sacrifice of Christ on Calvary. It was, in other words, Calvary brought home to them. The offering of the Mass did net imply that the sacrifice of Christ on the Cross was in any sense inzomplete, but Christ had chosen the Mass to be a means whereby the merit and grace stored up on the Cross could be applied to the souls of men. Had Christ not given to His Church that sacrifice the Church would have had no one highest act of worship,no one sacrifice that was absolutely adequate to satisfy all God's claims for worship, praise, and I propitiation, As the planets revolved about the sun and received their light from it, so all the Church's praise and worship was centered round the presence of Christ in the Holy Eucharist and devoted to the ministration of that great sacrifice. In celebrating the dedic...tion of the organ that day thoy had to remember that it would be primarily devoted to enhancing the splendour of the offering of the Holy Eucharist. •At the evening service the music was again an out- standing feature.Thesolos without exception were given I with splendid effect Mr. J. Babbitt being heard to especial advantage in "0 Salutaris" No. 24 (Moorat). Other items were " Salve Regina " No. 4 (Moorat). " Tantum. Ergo " No. 7 (Murphy) and "0 Jesu Pester" (Winter). The soloists were the Misses Hakersley and Richardson, Messrs. J. Babbitt and J. M. Bate. The preacher was again the Rev. Father Jaa,gar, who based his remarks on a passage taken from St. Paul's Epistle to the Corinthians. Man, he said, seemed born to pain and suffering, and practical experience had shown that sorrow and suffering must necessarily be the lot of those who lived upon this earth. The question thenarose how were we to change the suffering into gold. It was not the primary intention of God that there should be universal suffering. Sorrow was the result of sin and was the direct penalty of sin. When we thought of the sorrow of Him whom we worshipped we SAW at once that there was a means of changing sorrow, of purging it of its dross and rendering it pure gold. By His crucifixion He had made it possible for us to change our sorrow by our love for Him. Only by taking our sorrows to Him and by coming with a loviagsimplicity before the cross 1 of Christ could we finci:thetrne consolatioaand balm for i the soul. -

The organ selections for the day, which were skilfully executed by Mr. Eckersley, inclnded "Andante con Moto in A" (Henry Smart), "Andante Grazioso " (Henry Smart), "Intermezzo and Scherzoso," "Sonata in E minor" (Rheinberger)," Sonata No I." two move- ments (Menletssohn). It may be stated that the organ was originally built by Messrs. Wadsworth Bros., of Manchester, by whom the work of renovation has been undertaken. It contains two complete manuals C.C. to G,and pedals C.C.C. to P. As a memento of the occasion Mr. Peter Bate, who renders most valuable service in training and conducting the choir, was presented by the mission clergy (Revs. Fathers McGrath and D'Arcy) with an ebony, gold mounted baton.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
Wesley and Methodism.

This formed the subject of the address- which the Rev. H. Dannico delivered to a large congregation at the Parr Hall on Sunday eveniag. Great men, he said, were usually divided into two classes—men of thought and men of action—the former consisting of poets, philosophers, scientists and inventors, the latter of statesmen, reformers, and missionaries. John Wesley belonged to the latter; although it would not be difficult to find a place for him among the former. Wesley lived In an age of religion without morality, and of politics without honour and his success lay in the fact that he preached the love of God and embodied it in his life. Some people imagined that Wesley's groat power over the multitude was due to his painting lurid pictures of hall, but that was not so. He detested rant and cant as much as any- one. Religion to him was but another name for love. He was no bigot. He asserted that every good man was a child of God. He never sought to promote sectarian ends. thought very little of craeds, and imposed none on his followers: Methodists think- and let think," he said on one occasion. One condition, and one only, he required of his followers—a real desire to save souls. Wesley's outlook was as broad as humanity. He recog- nized that men had bodies as well as souls, and that Christianity must care for both. He had commonsense and invincible courage, and was willing to adopt any plan to uplift humanity. Modern social movements he anticipated by establishing an orphanage,a public school, a dispensary, a lending society, and the distribution of cheap literature. Money he cared nothing about, All he had he gave away.He died at the age of 83, without pain and went home. Mr. Dun nice pleaded for more of Wesley's spirit to-day. Differences of degree between Wesley and them there must be, but the spirit of his life might be theirs, and though one star differed from another in glory, they might all movein the same sphere and shine with the same radiance.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington County Petty Sessions.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. J. J. Bleckley, Mr. T. Halton and Mr. S. Armitage. TFIEFT FROM THE VULCAN FOUNDRY.—Thomas Corbett, Newton, was charged with stealing three ties, one punchand a piece of steel value Is. Bd. the property of the Vulcan Foundry Company.-11Ir.Draper prosecuted —lt appeared that the prisoner was formerly employed by the Vulcan Foundry Company, and when he left the articles were missed. Prisoner subsequently sold them to a hawker. Prisoner was fined 20s. and costs or in default one month's imprisonment with hard labour. A second charge of stealing a file from a London and North-Western Railway Company carriage, was dismissed,

===== 0002601_19050408_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
A SKELETON FOR THE KING.

The diplodocus, a prehistoric skeleton, of which there is no other specimen in Europe, has arrived in London. It is Mr. Carnegie's present to the King, and it will be built up in South Kensington Museum.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
TREACHEROUS SPRING WEATHER.

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills For Pale People A Safeguard Against Chills, and

The Best Spring Medicine.

Whys Spring the most dangerous sc_zson ?

For two reasons. First, because Spring weather is treacheraus. Sudden changes cause chill. Chill not only gives us a cold, it also stops digestion, leads to liver complaint and bile, and lowers the system. Besides, in the Spring all Nature undergoes change. The blood becomes heated and disturbs the whole system. Hence the old-fashioned notion of SPRING MEDICINE taking. But the old-fashioned purgative medicine did harm as often as good. Blood grows thin and Door in Spring • needs enriching, not impoverishing. We an Strength in Spring, not weakness. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People purify the blood and make new blood. Therefore, they are the best Spring Mc licine. ‘"Damp gave me a severe chill. I was attncked with lumbago. My health completely broke down. and but for Dr. Williams' Pin ir Pills I doubt if I should have done another day's work," said Mr. George Cameron, 63, Cottenham-street, Kensington, Liverpool. "I had to give up my employment I was laid up for Live weeks, and was attended by two of the best doctors in Liverpool. They said that my system was completely run down and my liver thoroughly out of order. I was in great pain. and had no appetite and little sleep. Then a friend earnestly advised me to take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and I did so. The result was marvellous, for before I had taken two boxes of pills I experienced relief. I continued to take them,and before very long I was able to return to work, as well as I ever was in my life." _ _

THE ONLY REAL SPRISG MEDICINE. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills make new blood; simply to do that is their work. But it implies everything. /he way they give strength, improve the appetite, elm( the skin (often showing the Spring disturbance in spots and pimples), is not less wonderful tb*, the way that they care Indigestion, Anwmie, Corsamp- tion, Fits, Eczema, Kidney Disease, St. Vitus' Dance, Paralysis, Locomotor Ataxy, and the frequent ailments heroically borne by women of all ages. Dr. Williams' Medicine Co.. Holborn-viaduct, London, send a box post free for 2. 91, or Si 4 for 13s. 9d. • but the pills can be had wherever medicines are sold, if purchasers sill take care to ask for and insist on having Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale people. Substitutes will not cure. Wise people deal at shops where substitutes are not offered.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

Epidemic of Measles.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural Dig- trict Council was held at Bswsey Chambers on Wednes- day, Mr. T. Halton (presided) and there were also present Dr. Murray, Messrs. R. Forshaw, J. Backhouse, P. Longton, A. Brooks, W. Houghton, G. Mather, J, C. Sutton, (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), B. S. Newcombe (surveyor),ll. H. burnage (assistant surveyor) F. W. Kerfoot (inspector), and Dr. Sephton (medic. .1 officer).

RATES. The Council sanctioned the levying of a rate of sd. in the £ for general expenses.

THE HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT. OUTBREAK OF MEASLES. The MEDICAL OFFICER reported that during the month there had bran 33 births and 41 deaths. The death rate was equal to 4202 per 1,000, as agairst 33.00 for the past three months and 41.7 for the correspond- ing period of last year. Twenty-eight of the deaths occured at the County Asylum, exclusive of which the death rate proper for tho district would be 13.3 per 1,000. The wastes epidemic at Surtonwood had spre^,cl throughout the district and upon his advice the St. Paul's schools had been closed for a fortnight. Hr. MATHER: Have you heard anything about Martinscroft ?

Dr. SEPITTON continuing said he had received a com- munication from a Priest at Martinscroft asking that the schools should be closed on account of an out-break of measles. He wkred to the inspector to inquire into the extent of the epidemic but the wire broke down and the inspector did not get the message until that morning. The inspector had, however, been over to Martiescroft that morning and had found that the number of scholars in daily attendance had gradually decreased until the schools had had to be closed. He (Dr. Sephton) recommended that the schools should remain closed for a fortnight. He had written to the local educatiou authority (Earlestown) with regard to the disinfecting o 1 the schools at Eiollins Green. Mr. Clarke had replied that the County Council did not think it necessary to have schools limewashed after infectious disease. Mr. Clarke apparently looked upon limewashing from a different point of view from him (the medical officer.) Mr. CLARKE thought it was to keep the place tidy, whereas it was simply for the purpose of preventing the spread of disease, and so long as he remained the medical officer to the Council he would try to protect the public by having schools disinfected and cleansed. (Hear, hear.) If the schools had been recently decorated he would suggest that the walls should be wiped down with a cloth damped with carbolic acid and water. The report was approved. TENDERS ACCEPTED.

The following tenders wore accepted :—Macadam, Messrs. Brundrett and Co., Limited, Darbyshires, Ltd., and Mr. Richard Allen ; setts, Messrs. J. Downs and Son, and Mr. J. Phillipson ; kerbs, Messrs.lWalton Bros. and Mr. J. Phillipson ; tiles, Mr. J. Dixon ; broken slag, Mr. Mcliechnie, Messrs. J. Bibbey and Co., Mr. Richard Allen ; cast iron gulleys, Mr. James Smethurst; socketed earthenware pipes, Messrs. Doulton and Co., Warrington Slate Co., Peerless Patent Co.; brushes, Mr. J. Tabberer ; spades and Sho,rels, Mr. J.E. Unsworth.

-COUNTY COUNCIL GRANTS. The SURVEYOR Mr. B. S. Newcombe), reported that the County Council had made special grants to the District Council of £470, for main roads, and £l4O for secondary roads.

VOTES OF THANKS. Mr. HOUGHTON proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Halton for his setvice- as Chairman during the year. Mr. Halton had, he said, carried out the duties of his office inn most .pable manner, and he thought it was a misfortune to the Council to have to lose his services. Although they could not, however, prevent his leaving them they could thank him for what he had done for the district ard for his (Mr. Halton's) parish. He had known Mr. Halton during the whole of his public career and if he had one fault it was that he was perhaps a little over zealous. Mr. FORSITAAV seconded. He admired Mr. Halton fcr the energy with which he had taken up t-,sks which had devoted time which any other man would have begrudged. Mr. MATHER expressed his regret that they were to lose Hr. Halton's servicca. He ht .rtily:endorsed all that had been said and was only sorry that Mr. Halton could not stop longer with them. Mr. Halton had been a very useful member of the Council.

The Vote was heartily accorded. Mr. HALTON said he regretted that he was leaving that happy Council. He had been connected with that body for ten years and during the whole of that time he had never had a wrong word %ith anyone. They had been a happy family during the period of his chairman- ship, and he hoped that the Council would continue as it had done in the plst. Although he would not be actively connectsd with them in the future he would still watch with interest the work of the council. He regretted that he had to sever his connection wita them. He heartily thanked the officials for the kind assistance which they bad given him during the period he bad occupied tbe chair. Mr. BrtooKs was heartily thanked for his services in the vice chair. ,

COMMEnCIAL. FAlLURES.—According to Kemp's Mer- cantile Gazette, the total number of Commercial Failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, March 31st, was 196, viz. :—New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 100; Deeds of Arrangement registered, 96. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were : Bankruptcies, 76 ; Deeds of Arrangement, 91—Total 170; being a decrease of 26. The total ' number of Commercial Failures recorded during the 13 weeks of the present year is 2,442 ; the total number re- corded in the corresponding 13 weeks of last year was i 2,315, showing an increase of 127.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
LALL Mears HESERVED.

MARBURG'S SECRET,

on THE THREE FOUNTAINS,

MARY LOVETT CAMERON (Author of" At a Moorish Window," 4c.)

One bright spring morning four young people left Rome by the San Paolo gate for a ramble on the Campagna. It was a day to tempt all lovers of nature from the contemplation of works of art, however perfect. A sapphire sky flecked here and there by little vagrant clouds arched over the sunlit landscape, and the buoyant stir of awaken- ing life was in the air. Walking first was Rosa- mund Hanleys, a slender English girl, whose firm light stop showed that she would be no clog on the progress of her male companions. Beside her was Andrew Scott, a young . artist, whose studio had been a favourite place of meeting for his friends during the past winter. Ile' kept his face turned towards his companion, and talked eagerly, watching the soft colour which the balmy air brought to her cheeks, and the quick um- pathetic play of her mobile features,

The fli.st Part of the way was flat and uninter- esting, but it seemed to fly beneath their feet, am they covered it, laughing and chatting. When they came to the turning in the road where Stn Paolo flings its vast Mass athwart the prospect,/ Rosamund paused and looked back. "We have outwalked the others," she said. Scott drew his level brows together, and tapped the ground impatiently with him foot. •

"We need not wait. Edgar and Marburg are deep in one of their archteological discussions, I expect." The others utile nearer. Edgar Harnley, who was at least ten years older than his mister, bore the mark of a scholar on his slightly bowed shoulders, and in his tired eyes; his hands were clasped behind his back, and he looked down as he spoke in serious measured tones, to which, not- withstanding Scott's surmise, his companion hardly seemed to be giving his attention. The tallest and by far the handsomest of the Tarty, all of whom were comely, Gottfried Marburg, was a south German of the untleshly type, which the early painters and engravers of his nation were fond of taking for their soldier saints and hermit knights. A tinge of melancholy shadowed his clear cut feazures and his blue eyes, fringed by long lashes, had the strange limpid gaze of a young. child.

„ ” Which way shall we take ?" asked Rosa- mund. "We have made the round by the Sette Cldesi and S. Domitilla so often, let us go to Tri lontane to-day," said Edgar. All were agreed and they set forth again. As long as they followed the highway beyond the basilica they kept together, but when they were mounting the steep lane beyond the little lies- telry, which marks the hist vestige of life on the lonely road, Rosamund stopped to gather some I thyme from the high overhanging bank. Ilsr- burg waited for her. Andrew Scott 'gave a back- ward glance, but Edgar was in the midst of a description of some newly discovered frescoes, and he bad no excuse for interrupting hint. Gott- fried did not any anything at first, but wltked in silence beside Rosamund till they reached the top of the bill, where the lane, disengaging itself from the high banks, runs along the lop of a ridge commanding the desolate expanse of the Campagna. Not a house, not a hedge row, not a ' cultivated field is to be seen. The few miserable huts of the fever-stricken inhabitants of this deadly district, are built into the strangely shaped ruins, which, seeming to have crumbled into the very substance of the ground, are hardly to be distinguished from them.

_ "And this was once a busy, •fasbionable sub- urb," said Rosamund, " i 1 seems incredible

Dust to dust," murmured Marburg, tnore tc himself than in answer to her remark. " There is such infinite sadness in a SCMIO onee cultivated rind lived in by men, then abati- ciou;d." she went on, " so different from the joy- ful wildness of nature, left to herself."

" There is a beauty—but it is the beauty of old age mid death." _ _ _

Just then a bend in the road brought a grove of thickly foliaged trees in sight : they filled a hollow in the ground, and stretched up over the hillside beyond. Tiled roofs and a little dome and belfry peeped out among them. Edgar stopped and pointed with his stick. "There are the groves of eucalyptus by which the monks of the Abbey of Tri Fontane are exor- cising the demon of malaria. Thirty years ago to dwell here meant death, the monastery was abandoned, the churches in ruins. Then a few Trappist monks, grieved that the reputed scene of St. Paul's martyrdom should be thus deserted, volunteered to try to reclaim the desert. They planted and drained, and though it is hardly yet % sanatorium, the unhealthiness is supportable to resolute and vigorous men." They descended the slope and following an avenue of eucalyptus, came to a gothic archway, at the gate of which they rang. It swung open, and a few steps brought them into an open court round which the churches and other buildings of the monastery were grouped. The change of scene was as sudden as complete. Outside the gate all was dreary desolation. Within masses of flowers, and banks of blooming shrubs sur- rounded a plashing fountain from the stone basin in which trailed verdant creepers ; a puppy and a kitten played in the sunlight, and the soft cooing of doves mingled with the chant rolling forth from the cool gloom of the open church-door. An old monk clad in white woollen garments came forward cautiously, and led them by a flower bordered path to the little chapel of the three fountains which gives its name to the place. Rosamund looked at Gottfried Marburg: the sadness had left his face. " The desert lives again," she said.

, " 'Tie nature only waiting to be reconquered," and he smiled a strange pathetic smile, which tilled Rosamund with , wondering pity. They wandered about, plunging their faces in the sweet smelling bunches of flowers, sitting on the steps leading to, the churches, and on-the margins of the bubbling fountains. At last Edgar warned them that it was time to depart. They had a • long stretch of the most un- healthy pert of the Campagna to traverse, and the sun was getting low. When they came to the gate they Raw that Marburg was no longer with them : they called him, but in vain. Edgar would not let them wait longer, he asked the porter to tell their friend they had gone on, and they set off on their way towards Rome. They reached the gates just at sundown but Gottfried Mar- burg had not overtaken them. Late that evening; as Andrew Scott sat reading 111 his studio. Marburg walked in. " I have come to wish you good-bye," he be- gan abruptly, "I am leaving to-morrow morn- ing." " This is a sudden idea, isn't it ? I hope no bad news—"

"Quite the contrary," replied Marburg, and he smiled the odd far-away smile that had puzzled Rosamund. " I have known for some time that I must go, that I should be summoned—but I have lingered." _ _ _

He took a turn up and down the studio. An- drew watched him, letting his pipe go out in his surprise. Presently Marburg came and stood before him. "I have had many pleasant hours here—they have been .the breathing times in a struggle that has been very hard sometimes—but, never mind, it is over now. And so good-bye and thank you." "Confound it all, Marburg, you talk as if you were going to die." Gottfried was feeling in his pocket. "I have one last little favour I would ask you to do for me." He brought out a letter. " Will you give this to Miss Hanley P" "Surely you are going to wish them good- bye !" "No3—better not; it is late to-night, and lam off at daybreak to-morrow. I could post this of course—but—you will explain—in fact I should like you to give it to her." "Of course I'll give it to her if you ask me," said Andrew, taking the note and thrusting it in his pocket. "Bat its a pity you can't put off going a day, and wish the tlauley's goodbye; after being together so much—it seems strange.' "My note explains—they will understand. And now I must be off, I have still much to do to-night. Goodbye:•• He held out his nand. Andrew grasped it without further speech and Marburg departed. When he wits gone Andrew shook his fist at the door behind which .he.had disappeared.

_ "I wonder whether you suspect —you cold- blooded Teuton," ho muttered between his teeth, "To make me your go-between—your letter carrier !" lie drew several violent puffs at his pipe. "Is be doing it to choice mo off or to put me on my honour not to cat him out while L'e is away What on earth does the :fellow mean i"

The next morning found Andrew enquiring for the Matleys of the porter nt the old house on the Janieninnt where they had In ken an apart- ment for the winter. The Signor llnnley had al- ready gone out, he wus told, but the Signorina was within. Andrew went tip. lin looked pale 41dcl. haagard. no if he bad nut slept ell nUtt ;

when he saw Ensatninat lie grew paler ana seemed to find a difficulty in speaking. "Edgar has gone to the library in the Colligie Romano," she began—" but you don't look well, is anything wrong ?" " No—yes—iu fact Marburg is gone." " Gone 1"

" Yes—gone, left Rome, that is to say." " Without wishing us good-bye. 011 ! some- thing dreadful must have happened. Tell me quick." " I can't. He said he was summoned. He was mystorious, but he left a letter to you which explaXis all about it." " A letter. Where is it ?" a All That's just it. he gave it to me to give you—and I—have7lost it."

- - • Andrew was red now, furiously red to the very rots of his : he looked up, as be spoke, and met Rosamund's eyes, and his heart sickened. for be saw a suspicion flash into them. They stood facing each other a few seconds, then Rosa- mund, ii a voice she tried to make indifferent, said, "1 daresay there was nothing important in it, he will come back and we shall know all about And she sat down, and took some work from the fable. From that day the friends fell apart; the iambics on the Campagna, the wanderings about the ruins, and through the museums, which had wiled away so pleasantly their leisure hours were all over ; so were the chats round Rosamund's tea-table in the twilight, when they discussed what they bad 'seen and done during the day, from veried but sympathetic -points of view. Andrew Scott shut himself up in his studio, Edgar Hanley buried himself more than ever in his books, Rosamund grew pale and sil- ent. Of Marburg no word was heard. - Spring merged into summer, and the time came for the Hanleys to leave Rome for London, where Edgar was going to see his book on Roman Monuments of the Decadence through the press. A few days before their departure .Edgar came in to tea bringing with him Scott. " I have been to -look this fellow up at his studio, and insisted on his coining hack with me. We have seen nothing of him lately, he is over- working. Give him a cup of tea, Rosy." Conversation flagged: both Andrew and Rosa- mund looked unhappy, and talked in jerks. Edgar was not quick-sighted, except when en ancient inscription was in question, but he felt all was not right. "We aro not so jolly AR we used to be. I think we miss Marburg. By the way, has any- thing been beard of him, Scott , Andrew looked into his cup. " Not a word," he said, then lifting his head and looking full at Rosamund he added, " But I have made up my mind to find him. I shall leave no 'stone untamed to get on his track." Her face lighted up. "Ohdo ! Find him for as,!" she cried. He jumped up, her frank expression of joy stung hint.

" I must say good-bye, Hanley. You return to Rome in the autumn, do you not r " Assuredly. My book on Etrurian remains on the Campagna will bring' me. And you Are you staying on here " Artists don't flee Rome in summer. It is the finest time here for work. I may go up to the Alban hills for a few weeks, but no further." " Then we meet again in November," said Edgar, as Andrew shook bands vtli Rosamund. She smiled as cordially as ever, but he went away with a heavy heart : whether he succeeded or failed in his quest, he saw no •hope of obtain- ing_his heart's desire.

„ November came. The Tianleys returned to Rome. An aunt and some cousins came with them for a short stay, and they were busy at first showing them round. Andrew called, but he could not get an opportunity of speaking to Rosamund apart. He just managed to say as she passed him a tea-cup. ” have not found Marburg." When he was leaving fillo mid.= "We are driving out on the Appiaii Way to- morrow, taking our lunch, and afterwards aunt will drive back with the baskets, and the rest of the party mean to walk to the Latin Tombs and home by the Porta Sun Giovanni. Will you go with us?"

Her eyes said " accept," and he aceep.ted.

, The itext day, lunch being over, and tbe aunt having driven oil in the carriage, Edgar began to point out and explain some of the most inter- esting tombs to his cousins. This was the oppor- tunity Rosamund bad foreseen. She turned off the road, and after going a few steps sat down behind one of the strangely shaped masses of ruin which are all that remain of the tombs of so many noble Romans. Andrew had followed her, and they sat side by side a few minutes without speaking. It was a wind-still autumn day; before them like the rolling billows of the sea, the Campagna swept away ; near at hand, sparsely clothed by brownish grass, it melted gradually into indes- cribable shades of sad soft colour till at last it wrapped itself around the feet of the distant pur- ple bills. Not a sound, not a movement broke the silence ; all nature seemed to pause in grey suspense. • If " Marburg has disappeared, I said Andrew presently. " Disappeared as utterly as if the ground had swallowed him up." He waited a moment, and as Rosamund said nothing, went on. " I have been able to find no clue. Ho left no address at his hotel, we were his only friends in Rothe. There was always something strange about him. With all his charm, and his sym- pathetic interest in my work, my hopes and plans, he was reserved ; he never spoke of him- self." "Ha had had a great sorrow, and had been obliged to break with all his past. lam not surf even that Marburg was his name." " He had confided in you I" "Only in general terms; stray words, momen- tary self-betrayals told me all I know ; I think it. was something he could not bear to tell. I imagine (not that he said so) that the sin of another had fallen on him. He was very, very lonely." Andrew struck the turf beside him with his clenched fist. All the hopes that had sprung up in the long summer days vanished. Marburg, with his godlike face, and his tragic secret, was a rival whose power over a girl's imagination must be supreme. His pain made him bitter and un j ust. "And knowing all this you encouraged me in a futile search, a search that was bound to fail 1" "I wanted you to try," she said. " That letter, that damned letter i• "It might have given us the key—but on the other hand it might only have been to say good- bye for ever." Andrew suppressed the words that rose to his lips. He wanted to cry out, to tell her not to waste her youth in hoping against hope, in wait- ing for one who had disappeared for ever from her life. But how amid he do so, when the letter entrusted to him perchance explained all that was mysterious in Marburg's conduct ? How if in it he had craved patience, asked her to await his return freed from some suspicion or misfortune? And if that were so, mid Marburg did come back, he, Andrew, would stand for ever accused of hav- ing destroyed the missive. Ho sprang up. The tension was too severe for his impulsive, passion- ate nature. To be so near her, to feel the burning words quivering oil his tongue, and mint dare to say them, was beyond his slrength. The distant hills, the weird Campagna, the ruined tombs all mine before his eyes. • " I think walk straight home. Excuse me to the others. I don't feel well. I have a lot of things to do." Rosamund looked np at him, but be was gaz- ing straight in front of hint, ntid did not ace the appeal in her eyes. " I have done 111, Ti."" v" me. von ,'an- mint tO.,111) bin digeovery more than L du. If eduitl find him he would be here." Pouring out his words confusedly, ho shook hands, and was striding away over the brown earth and scanty grass, before Rosamund could find a word to bid him stay.

When he was fairly gone she let her face fall on her bands and tears squeezed themselves be- tween her fingers.

" It is all my fault —my tricked, horrid sus- picion that morning, when he told me the note was lost. It as only for a minute, but he saw it. ,'JIo saw it, and he is so proud and head- strong —I love 1 • for it—bat ho is. He will never forgive me, unless he could bring me the etter and fling it down before me, or find Mar- burg. And Gottfried, poor fellow ! how grieved ha would be if he knew that he had come be- tween. us !" Quitting by this train of thought her own troubles, she went on to wonder for the huu- dri•dth time ' what had become of her friend. Friend, she could truly call him, for something intangible but very real, had from the first mad; impossible any other feeling between them. Ho tvits cut off from the common lot of man. Con- demned to stand aloof and watch the joys and sorrows of others. What the summons could be of which he had spoken to Andrew she could not guess.. _

Ilittsdng time Rho sat on 'Where Andrew had left Jr, till it suddenly oe,curred to her that the others would. expect .to meet her with Scott at the Latin tombs. She hastened back to the rowl aml began to walk along it hoping that she hail not forgotten which turning to take to get to the

(1!

beyoria,

Latin Way. The Appian Way stretched its rib- bon-like length between its rows of tombs: there was not a creature in sight. Now she perceived that the western horizon was burnishing as if with the glow of sunset : the November days are short, and she must have sat much longer than she had dreamt, after Andrew bad left her. After a while, anxious thoughts began to assail her, for the odd-shaped ridges which futrow the Campagna hid the fow of tombs whose ir- regular forms mark the course of the Appian Way She hoped she was walking parallel with it, but she could not be sure. flowerer, it was useless to try to retrace her steps ; in her first ter- rified flight she had not noticed where she went ; the best plan now was to walk on, and trust to either striking the road or coating on some habi- tation where she could get a guide to lead her back to the gates of Rome. The gloom deep- ened, the light of day was almost gone, the first star twinkled in time sky, and still she saw no sign of human life. just as /Ilia was contem- plating the prospect of spending the night in solitary wandering she saw a light, her heart, leaped, and she hurried towards it. As she op, preached it she found a low bank or wall of loose stones in her way. Skirting it for a while and finding no gate, she decided to scramble over, but hardly had she gained the top when a huge dog, which must have been crouching on the other side,. sprang at her, and she started buck, and the great animal stood on the wall, his fangs exposed, giving vent to a menacing snarl. How log she stood thus not daring to move, lest the brute should seize her, she did not know, —pro- Itably only a few moments, but they seemed lung to her. Suddenly something whirled past her, IL long staff wielded by a stalwart arm swept the top of the wall, the dmg disappeared with ii yelp, and turning she beheld white-robed monk beside her. lie beckoned, and they walked quialy off while the dog was recovering, from his surprise. They heard his barks begin after it few moments, but content to guard his master's properly, he did not venture out, and they be- , mime fainter and fainter in the distance. •

She turned to her cootp-finioti, his cowl CNA drawn forward, Rua jut lie (husk his face was quite invisible. Thanking him she told him in ii few words • how. she had lost her party, and was trying to find her way bank to Rome. " You have wandereul far from your way ;we are now near the Tro Fontano. We shall soon be there, and then our porter. will conduct you home." Ire spoke Italian as she had (Lake, but she perceived that his accent was that of a for- eigner, and there was something familiar in tho tune of his voice.

Meanwhile Andrew bad gone on his way caring little Whither his feet carried Lim, so lmig as he walked oil the violence of his feelings by rapid motion. He had struck on! across country, and he also found himself (though much earlier in the afternoon) in the neighbourhood of the ['re Pen- tane. By that time his excitement had somewhat cooled, and entering tie wood on the bill above the monastery be sat down to rest. He began to regret his fit of temper' end to see the rudeness of his behaviour clearly. He was struck with com- punction for thus leaving- Rosamund to return to the party alone, and to wonder what excuse ho could offer when be saw Edgar again. His pipe was a counsellor be always had recourse to in his difficulties, and be felt for it in the side pocket of his coat. Then occurred one of those little acci- dents, which sometimes so diSproportionately af- fect the course of our lives. His pocket wits ragged (artist-like he loved old garments) and his pipe had slipped through a rent and into the lining of the coat. His -present humour was not one to bear thwarting patiently, he dragged the pocket inside out, and tore the hole much larger. Then he put his band in and felt for the pipe, but the first thing be got out was it crumpled en- velope, which be threw on the ground, but when be had extracted_ and lit the pipe he picked it up and examined it. The outside was so discoloured anddirty that be could not read the address: it was unopened, and he concluded that it must be one be had put in his pocket to post, and then for- gotten. He tore it open, and began to read : " When you receive this I shall have taken the step that will cut me off for ever front a world itt which a useful life is, through another's crime, made impossible to me. To-day, as we stood in that garden made to blossom in the desert, as I saw how health was begotten from disease, life froon death, by nameless men forgotten by the world, my vocation was suddenly made clear to me. lam sending this letter by the hand ut Scott—"

The paper was • crushed in Audrew's excited grasp. " Harrah ! Hurrah I have it. Found ut last !"

Then he ran over the situation in his mind. All was /made clear; while he had been weary- ing himself in fruitless search, Marburg was quietly dwelling in the building whose roof bc could see between the trunks of the eucalyptus trees below him. How strange" that lie should make this discovery just here ! And following an irresistible impulse he strode down the hill end rang at the gate of the Abbey. He inquired for Marburg, but the porter said he knew none of the inmates by their mundane names. How- ever, lie summoned the old monk whose office it was to receive visitors, an from him Andrew soon learnt that Gottfried was indeed at Tre Fontane. He had not yet taken religious vows. the Order was not entered until after long rroba- tiou, but he was living their life and wearing their habit, testing his capacity to sustain the severity of their discipline. Andrew asked if be might see him. "I have something of importance to tell him." The monk said there would be no objection, but brother Alessio, as they called him, was out at the moment. Ho Lad gone to carry aid to a shepherd who had met with an accident ; it was some tance away on the Campagna, but be expected be would soon be back. The bell rang while the monk was speaking. "This is probably brother Alessio, it is too late for visitors." -

Andrew bid a hasty farewell to the old roalb and went to the entrance : he found the porter in the act of opening the gate. Puffin°. hint asida h° stepped out holding the letter in his hand. BY the light of a lamp banging under the archwaY be distinguished two figures, and stopped a 0" tounded as he recognised Rosamund. Then Gottfried Marburg threw back the cowl which hid his face, and taking a hand of each of his two friends in one of his own he looked from one to the other with a smile of indescribable peace and tenderness.

" God bless yoa. God bless you both," b.e said, and joining their bands as be withdrew lo; own he turned from them, and disappoire'; through the open gate into the quiet courtyard

No Breakfast Table complete without

===== 0002601_19050408_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
*-s, 5 • 9140 'orta, I:fr

GRATEFUL-CONIFORTING,

ti I

811

of so gla ern, the art( mu gla

===== 0002601_19050408_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
re, • 'A " 41, "44

The illost Nutritious and Economical.

tJa cr

Of 8111 a re thf

kn( livi the tha auc

thV IS

oh, Ma. ree:; cztr

===== 0002601_19050408_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND

GLEANINGS.

SEX AND TASTE. M. Vaschide has proved that man is more sen- sitive than woman to a salt taste, and in less degree to a bitter taste, while the two sexes are about equally sensitive to acid and sweet tastes. With a better developed olfactory sense, however, Woman is better able to distinguish flavours.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
k AID. FOR LUNG DISEASES

A German has been studying the effects of Pyrenol, which is a combination of salicylic acid, benzoic acid, and thymol in the form of a sodium salt. It was found useful in asthma, whooping Cough, pneumonia, bronchitis, rheumatic affec- tions, pleurisy, tonsillitis, and gout.. It has been found specially valuable for the dry, irritating tough of consumption.

LEAST HARMFUL LIGHT FOR THE EYES. The injurious effects of light •on the eyes are found to increase with the number of ultra-violet or chemical rays contained. This is the conclusion 0 Dr. A. Staerkle, of Basel, who shews that Petroleum is the least harmful light, and is followed In order by gaslight, electric light, incandescent gaslight, and acetylene, the last-named being most harmful. Thick coloured glass—gray-yellow, red or green—lessens the injurious rays.

THE SNAKE'S TONGUE. The snake's tongue proves to be a most remark- able organ. A Marylard woman student finds that its chief function is connected with a sense of feeling without touch, and may be a finer develop- ment of the sense that enables some people to avoid striking obstacles in the dark. The forked tip and tile numerous folds behind it greatly increase the surface exposure. The cells of the epidermis are interlaced by a network of extremely fine, nerve bres, which centre in a deep ivrve plexus beneath the epirderuis and extending one into the folds.

THE WEIGHT OF A CROWD. Professor Johnson, an American, and Herr Hun- ocheidt, architect to the German Government, hava both found that the weight of a crowd may be as nluell as 600 or more kilogrammes per square metre. Flunscheidt's average is 625 kilogrammes, ?tith a minimum of 525 and a maximum of 706 galogrammes a square metre. Johnson got a "axlmum of 750 kilogrammes for that area. No Qoubt the figure will vary somewhat according to the nation and race, as well as the press of the ,eroWd. Erections to bear crowds should be .."45igned according to these results.

WONDERS OF ATOiNIS. • Professor J. J. Thomson, some years ago, pro- evidence of the existence of negatively elec- 'rifled Particles much smaller than atoms, having a Mass equal in round numbers to about one- thousandth that of the hydrogen atom. A very', B,l,lggestive fact concerning these particles, says "r•492neering, was that they appeared to be identical, Whatever the source from which they were derived. however derived, they appeared to be always the isanie---a fact which, in conjunction with their small !tze,suggested that every atom might be constituted 03' a group of these corpuscles.

QUICK WINKS. The closing of the eye, the rest, and the opening af it, have been measured, and are found to con. surse 395,000ths of a second. This, says Health, is a quick wink, and winks have been measured that required 10,000ths of a second more time. For these measurements an especially arranged photo- apparatus is required, and then, when a of white paper is placed on the eyelid, its .adtions can be accurately determined. In a quick *hilt the closing of the eye has been found to tequire 75,000ths of a second, the rest twice as long, and the opening 170,000ths of a second.

I WHY NEGROES ARE BLACK. :417! ia the negro black ? Surgeon Major Charles "druff, of the United States Army, tells us that his bl t• th ac-riess is his defence against the dangers of meristlll?- The defenSive skin is an armour of pig- bat lust under the outer skin. It varies in r. iensity of colour from the coal-black negro of the tropics to the white man of northern latitudes. ! The • - Pigment is always there—just sufficient in strength to resist the danger in different climes. This accounts for the varying colours of different 1 races—black, red, yellow, copper, and white. It is I Only absent in albinos. !

0 h profCeOssNo'rVEDYeloNkoGr,LolGf ITthroßGYlaGsgLoAwSSpoßbOseDrSv.atory. eying light to graduated circles at the point where they are to be read with the aid of an attached tilicroscope. It is desirable not to bring the source 1 of light near the circles on account of the heat, and so Professor Becker sends the light through a solid g_laes rod, letting it shine in at one end and 7.!nerge at the other. The light cannot escape from 'lle sides of the rod owing to internal reflection, arid, accordingly, it is carried and delivered very l'eueli like water in a tube. Even when bent the glass rod does not lose its charge. , Results VITALITY OF BURIED SEEDS. have been given of the germination tests - ef 112 different samples of seed which had been / buried . - __,.

- in a heavy clay soil for one year. The seeds , were buried at the three different depths of and 36-42 inches. The majority of the ' • .;7uti retained their vitality better the deeper they :7re buried. With but few exceptions, the seeds "4,nultivated plants had either decayed or germi- i„,;tl and afterwards decayed, at all depths. Weed giro in some cases, retained their vitality remark-, or Y well. The results indicate that the preservation 80iticp_ vitality of weed seeds when buried in the a directly proportional, to the noxiousness of Plants producing them.

DO WE CHANGE COLOUR? An interesting point has been raised by a well- -I?wn French scientist, as to whether the skin of th rigs is affected in its colour by the food that Y ta e• Perhaps it would be more correct to say Suchthe proposition is confidently advanced that a relation does really exist. Brazilian parro- theta and game birds are all instanced as so many witlVeons of which the hues can be changed at .uY means of diet. From the lower creation the is -818 la applied to man. A Roumanian professor fo quoted as authority for the statement that at tertaZntYr earcof on a age the bkin of the Roumanian y tsaks yellowish tint, which is caused ar the Inaize porridge which from childhood is Most their sole foocr.

PLANT GROWTH EXPERIMENTS. A French scientist has made a aeries of experi- nlents to shew the growth of plants in an littriosphere , charrred with carbon dioxide gas. n this case the plants reach an increased development J over the plants growing in ordinary air. He used tsvr, gl , ~ - ass ,boxes, each of over one cubic yard '-aFacity and containing a number of pots. The „4,rst was not entirely closed, and was used for the 'ants flgrowing in ordinary air. The air supply was auiciently renewed to give the average conditions, 4nd a number of tests gave the normal amount of carbonic acid, or 3-10,000fh.i. In the second box II certain amount of mrbonisi, acid gas was intro- each day, so that the proportion reached 'lo,oooths. In the evening this became less, but never fell below 12-10-000ths, so an average of 15 c_ould be admitted, this being five times the amount ;:ontained in ordinary air. For the experiments "e Chose four sprouts as nearly alike as possible, Placing them in ordinary flower-pots ;Irt garden earth, one pair in each box. The L'ervations were made from the end of `,471. tO the end of July, at which time the Plants •Were cut and weighed. 'The' following t"alts she' the increase in growtli due to the e.arbo -ril• Pa e acid. 'The weights are those of all tho zrt of the plant lying above ,ground. At the jZ'air ing the weights were very small, aS the plants .11'-' Inst sprouted; only the ,geranium, mint, and .1. ellsia came from buds. The first figure (dyes the weight in e, et char. ordinary air and the . second in the air ... t ~ed with gas. Coleus, 34 grammes ; 50 grammes. 1,.-tc tuce, 21; 36. Geranium, 45; 118. Castor, 26; ,0°: Alint, 28: 38. Red tobacco, 30; 54. White , All ht 51; 101. Poppy, 21; 30. Fuchsia, 30; 29. . Vi..hut One, the fuchsia, shewed a great increase, tilul an average of 60 per cent. The appearance of u-. 9 Plants was the same in both cases, but the , „•!I=l ns ensio Were somewhat greater in the latter "-0.i,-. For many of the plants the flowering was rapid and abundant in the charged air. The nchsia alone did not shew any differeacial

===== 0002601_19050408_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS. THE STROKES OF THE GAME.

iI XAMNTI.

[COPYRIGHT.]

===== 0002601_19050408_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
XXXIL Screw and Reverse Rotation

(CONTINUED.)

Many ordinary players nearly always use side when playing screw strokes, but although side is generally advisable and often absolutely neces- sary when playing screw in-offs, the ordinary, player should entirely discard it when playing ball-to-ball screw cannons with the second object ball well away from a cushion. Really good players often use sido when screwing from one ball on to another but the side is employed in. order to leave good after position, and not as an auxiliary in the actual makiig of the cannon. For example screw cannons with the cue ball near the first object ball, can be made with con- siderably less strength if played 'with running side, than if check side be used and these slow, screws will be discussed in a later article..

--The- ordinary player who has not mastered gentle-strength screws and who in fact plays all screws at a high pace should strike his ball without side when playing ball-to-ball screw cannons for more reverse rotation can be im- parted to a ball by hitting it low down on its central lino than by hitting it towards the side even though low down. "Side helps the screw", is an old saying, and yet though as alreadyl stated, running side may often be advan- tageously employed when the cue ball is near the object ball, generally Speaking side by lessen- ing the reverse rotation weakens the screw. Especialy is this the case when the cue ball is a long way from the first object ball. To many ordinary players the screw in-off from the red on the spot is a big screw and generally beyond their power, and yet often enough they weaken the screw by playing the stroke with running side under the erroneous impression .that the side will assist the screw. Screw in-offs differ from screw cannons in that they shotild (except when the cue ball is a long way from the object ball and the pocket is moderately open) almost always be played with side. Generally check side has to be used but sometimes the correct side is running side. In many positions the in-off would be virtually impossible without check side. In other cases although the in-off could be made without the use of any side at all, check side 'makes the stroke far more certain. Often also the in-off can be made easily enough, with çither running side or check side, but running side must be used if good position is to be retained. Many players are thus often at a difficulty in determining which side to use when playing certain screw in-offs, but though it is manifestly impossible to lay down a hard and \ fast rule which will cover all positions, for the simple reason that by small gradations one position can be made to insensibly merge into another, the 'following may be taken as a sound axiom:— When the pocket is a• blind one chfck side must be used, but when the pocket is a very open one and the balls are near each other, running side should be used. It may be asked what consti- tutes a blind pocket, and though here aggin no hard and fast rule can be laid down, I fvill in this chapter on SCREW constantly refer to blind and open Pockets.

4RAM 83.

Two screw in-offs.—Position A, red 13/4 inL the top cushion and 16 inches from the side cushion. Cue ball 9 inches from the top cushion. and 131 inches from the side cushion. Position B, red one inch from the side cushion and 16 inches from the top cushion. Cue ball two inches from the side cushion and nine inches iront thetop cushion.

Two -screw in-offs, one with the nap and the ether against the nap. Red ball in both positions 1), inches from the side cushion. and 30 inches from the other cushion. Cue ball in both positions 23 inches from the side cushion and 28 inches from the other cushion.

ball, the reverse rotation tends to cause the ball to travel in the direction it is rotating. When an object ball has been struck anything less than' full, it is impossible for the cue ball to travel in the direction of its reverse rotation. The com- promise is a more or less pronounced curve, with its inner or concave side towards the striker. Most players are aware of the curve that tho cue balt describes in all half-ball forcing strokes.. In this case, however, 'the- curve is convex to , the striker owing to the ball being under the influence of forward rotation. The convex curve of the cue ball in forcing strokes is generally far more noticeable than the concave curve in screw strokes, but this is _because forward rota- tion does not become exhausted nearly so quickly as reverse rotation._

(To be Continued.)

Vol. I. of "Billiards: The Strokes of 0.14 Game." 100 illustrations. By RISO LEVI. Is now ready, Is. net, '

Mr. Viso Levi will be pleased to answer in these columns all questions relative to the article appearing weekly, and as far as possible any questions on other points in connection with the game of Billiards. Envelopes should be marked "Billiards."

===== 0002601_19050408_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
RHEUMATISM AND ECZEMA. Astonishing Zam-Buk Cure.

Eczema associated with rheumatism, or in some way arising out of rheumatism, is not at all an uncommon complaint. Such a case has just been under observa- tion at Nottingham, and the fact of Zam-Buk having effected its cure renders it of value and interest to local readers. _

The patients was Mr. Henry Savage, miner, of 57, Brassey-street, Alfreton-road,Nottingriam. "For about eight years," says he, "I have been on and off my club owing to this sickness. My skin was in a terrible state, particularly about the left leg. It was one mass of sores from knee to ankle, and though, of course, I kept it swathed in bandages and did all I. could to alleviate my sufferings, the agony, was fearful. Thepain was very bad, and I often wished I were dead and out of it. I had he greatest difficulty in getting about. I had difficulty in getting my heel to the ground, and I often had to ride where before I could walk. You cannot imagine the state of my leg. Fancy being laid up four months at a stretch! Even to-day it frightens me to think of the plight I was in, and -of the torture I have gone through these many years. I had treatment both privately and at the hospital. The doctor said some- thing about it being due to rheumatism in the bone, and gave me some lotions to use These did not appear to give me relief, however ; and one day, later on, when he saw that I had not dressed my leg with his stuff but with something else, he asked what it was. My wife said 'lt's Zam-Buk he's on with, and it's done him a great deal of good already.' He appeared sceptical, but when I told him I was actually feeling better, he added, Well, then, go on trying it if you like.' So you see the doctor was no prepared to deny the value of Zam- Buk. I had heard good accounts of its success before and this bad made me give it a trial. I persevered with Zam-Buk, and although I had just been ten weeks off work while under other treatment, I was fit to start again within a fortnight after beginning to use Zam- Buk. Zam-Buk did more for me than the hospital and doctors put together. It gave me ease and relief such as I had never enjoyed for many a year. Instead of tossing about the pillow as I used to, I can now get a quiet night's rest as a regular thing. My skin is healthy, the irritation has disappeared, and I can walk about quite comfortably. I can walk ten times better than I cquld seven weeks ago. There's no doubt about it,Zam- Bilk has been worth its weight in gold to me. I hope others may benefit like I have done," Zam-Buk expels poison from the system, and pro- duces, new healthy skin. For eczema, psoriasis, ulcers, pimples, ringworms, sore heads, sore backs, bad legs, piles, abscesses, boils, running soresoore breasts,chafing, stiffness, sprains, cuts, bruises burns, scalds, poisoned wounds, festering sores, rheumatism, neuralgia, sciatica, Zam-Buk has no equal. Price, is. id. per box, or 2s. 9d. large family size (2s. 9d. size containinn. nearly 4 times the Is. 10.); of all chemists, or direct from the Zarn-Buk Co., 4, Red Cross-street, E.C. 41.

Ditwram 83 shows two screw in-offs. In both strokes the pocket is a blind one, and conse- quently check side must be used in either case. In position A, check side, which here is right-hand side, will assist in taking the ball into the pocket should the ball strike the side cushion angle. which is the opposing angle, for this side is pocket side of the side-cushion angle. Also if the ball strike the angle of the top cushion at a point very near the fall of the slate, should it not fall into the pocket, it will be thrown on to the other angle, and the tendency of the side will be to take it into the pocket off the second angle, Were the stroke played with left-hand side, the side would ten& to keep the ball out of the pocket should it strike the opposing angle of the side cushion, whether it travelled direct fronz the object-ball to this angle or whether it re- bounded on to this angle from the angle of the top cushion. It will thus be clearly seezt how I check side in a stroke of this nature materially, increases the size of the pocket. In the stroke shown at B the pocket is tar more MERSEY CLUB MoNTHLY COMPETITION.—The first blind than at A, so that here check side (right monthly competition for a prize presented by the hand side) is still more necessary than at A. Captain (Mr. C. R. Adamson) was played on Saturday It 'would be almost impossible to get this in-off and resulted in a win for. Mr. Hatton who qualified to lay in the final and received the club button. Scores:— Gross.with running side unless the ball just reached P H'eap. Nett. and fell into the pocket, and on a standard table H. Hatton this Awould never happen. Naturally the cue- I IL N. Foster boll Ins to travel very close to the cushion after J. Moore Murray contact with the object ball, and before it can W. S. Knowles enter the pocket it strikes the top cushion angle F. W. Gilbert Si ... 4 ... 77 (the opposing angle). Check side on the ball C. R. Adamson 9O ... 12 ... 78 becomes running side of this angle, and tends 0. Lofthouse to take it into the pocket. Running side (left- A. Midwood T. Miniati hand side) on the contrary would be check side F. Joynson lO7 ... 19 ... 88 off. the top angle, and this side would inevitably, A. 0. Clay prevent the ball from falling into the pocket. Played, without side the stroke will also fail: in fact, even when played with check side the opposing angle often keeps the ball out of the packet, the reason in this case being that not enough side has been imparted to the cue-ball, so that by the time the ball reaches the opposing angle the side or most of it has become exhausted. To nlaying the stroke shown at A the object. ball should be taken about half-ball and at B, fuller than threellquarter ball. 0111 •v- uoi used to ao! •SeSe.l39 esarp. uao.tiiaq s!s!xa '.mao.oti;aatto.iog!!) eictuaspisuaa v lima: 0,1, jo aillut: .114 potr 1104115113 ClOl 0144 Jo 00111/ 3114) 5901/11l 211!SOCICIO go qamod aijiolu! eq.iii; .111:.; o) dios ..)(14 s,CIjI se •posn or! ;gnu: (sum-090d illoq u! ems pouq qq2la) elos maga Souanhasuoi pun ')uo pu!ici S.IdA vsiqapod eifl sasua tfloq tti .0..11111 SiptiXO 3100 l 45it4 smogs te after striking the red, travels with the nap of the cloth, whereas in position B. the cue ball after contact, travels against the nap. The stroke at A is consequently considerably easier than the one at B, for in position A, the side, act- ing in conjunction with the nap of the cloth as explained in the chapter on Side), tends to pull the cue ball to the side cushion in case it is not running quite close to it, whereas' in position B the side tends to pull the ball away from the cushion owing to its travelling right against the nap. This effect of the nen means a great deal in such a stroke, for in the one ease its influence will often cause the pocket to be found when the stroke has not been as at..eurately played as it might have been, and in the other it will as often be the cause of the stroke failing. Perhaps the best way of playing the stroke shown at B is to play it with plenty of pace,. for by this means

Under the title of "Chamberlain: A Study," Messrs Watts & Co., are issuing this week, in the popular six- penny form, a searching criticism of the great tariff reformer's career, from the pen of Mr. J. M. Robert- son, who is the prospective Liberal candidate for the ' Tyneside division of Northumberland. The same firm are also publishing, for the Rationalist Press Associa- tion, Professor ateckel's "Evolution of Man." being a translation of the recently-issued fifth edition of Anthropogenie," which may justly claim to be a com- plete, comprehensive, and constructive presentment, in a popular form, of the now irresistible evidence for the evolution of man. The work is handsomely produced in two large guinea volumes, comprising nearly 950 I pages and between 500 and 600 illustrations and plate.o. More than three fourths of the edition of one thousand copies were subscribed for before publication.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050408_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW THE LUNGS BECOME DISEASED.

IT IS THE HAWKING AND COUGHING THAT DESTROYS THE TISSUES OF THE LUNGS, AND MAKES THEM WEAR AND SORE. What you want is something to stop the hawking and take the soreness out of the throat and chest. Nothing compares with VENo's LIGHTNING COUGII CURE; it soothes inflamed membranes, eradicates the catarrhal Mucus ; Ton feel well quickly. For weak lungs,catarrh, bronchitis, chronic coughs and throat trouble there is no remedy to be compared with VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. Relief comes instantly and a permanent cure follows. It is strongly recommended by, such Englishmen as W. Laseelles-Sctot, F.R.M.S., Granville H. Sharpe, F.C.S., Rev. W. W. Tulloch, D.D. Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGU CURE, 93d., is. ld., and 2s. Dd. at Chemists everywhere.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLF.

u&nxit's 841 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either rex, allacquired for constitutional discharges from the UlnaryOrgans, Gravel and Pains in the back. N ree from lifewury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 64. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt.

FLUB/LUPE ?FOE THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Tboroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar Dearly whltenees and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6th for the liquid, or is. per jar for the Florillne.,' Powder," of. all Claemlsts and Perfumers.— Advt.

VAIMAREE DISCOVERY FOB Tin HAIR.—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off. use the MEXICAN HAIR BENEWEEI' Lir It will rositively restore, every case, grey or white, hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promotiag the growth price 3s. 64. per bottle.—Advt.

To MoTHElts.—lrrs. Wigs Low's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It Is pleasant to taste; and pounces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from Pain and the little cherub awakes" as bright a button.'' of all Chemists Is lAd. per bottle.—AdVt

===== 0002601_19050408_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1M

Frodsham,

===== 0002601_19050408_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
reliable old English !It_ It softens hard phlegm, rng it to be expectorated without strain, soothing the membranes and allaying the irritation so commonly ex- perienced. There is nothing to equal it. Of all Chemists at home and abroad. Re/os3 the many aubstitutes offered. Price, 90.. Mi, 29.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
- "I's2satim Start the Day Right! A good start is half the race. If you suffer from Breakfast-table Peevishness you commence all wrong. A world of meaning is contained in this phrase, and if the trouble arises from a torpid liver, impaired digestion or a "bad night," you will find a world of relief in a box cf Beecha 9 • alk

Ala

-c'

What is the good of food if you cannot eat it?

BEECHAM'S FILLS will strengthen the digestive organs and create a

vigorous and healthy appetite. - What is the use of going to bed if you cannot sleep? BEECHAM'S PILLS will gently calm irritation of the nervous system

_ . and_induce_sound refreshing sleep.

Sold everywhere in Boxes, Price Is. Id. (56 pills) and 2s. 9d. (168 pills). 0261611111411411111.111011.1111

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS• fing/ish and Foreign Picture Frames. Rvery requisite for the trade. Regildlng Speciality. Largest of tlonldlnge in the Kingdom. Send for PATTHRN BCOK. 160 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. I NIPORTRK OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FREE ON APPLICATION.

H. NULL, 177 13, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY LONDON, •W C . • Warehouses 3 11, 12:and 13, blears Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (in the rear). Telegraphic Address:—" Rabbitry, London." Telephone :313S Central

===== 0002601_19050408_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
retti, Itj'Arr, k7f; 14,

===== 0002601_19050408_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
USINESS . .

ROKHS ALO

VALUERS,

Established 1375.

If you want to buy a genuine Business, or requiro a partner, from 1..:‘,13 to M 5,0001 in Liverpool and Districlz—consult us.

NO SALE. NO CHARGE.

34, South John Street, Lord Trect) LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
TABLE GLASS SERVICEs.

- 64 Pieces with Etched Initial, 23/ I comprising 12 each Sherry, Port, and ' Claret Glasses, i pint, & Champagne Tumblers, 2 Cut Quart Decanters. 1 Claret Jug, 1 Tankard. 34 neoea. comprising 6 each as above, with same Decanter, and Claret Jug. 16/-. . pit Monogram. 2 letters, 5/- each. 3.-1.- Packed free on Rail. , TABLE GLASS CO., 3 STOURBRIDGE.

START CURING YOURSELF TO DAY! If you are suffering from any disease due to an impu-e state of the blood, it Is a serious matter, and does not admit of delay. Before you can be restored to health the impuriti is must be driven out, Alt Blood end Skin Diseases, sun as

ECZEMA, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, SCROFULA, BAD LEGS, GOUT, SCURVY,

EHEUMATISM, PIMPLES, ac.

can be positively cured by taking a course of Clarke's 810 ) Mixture. the World-Famed Blood Purifier. This farno is medicine is warrantedto cleanse the blood from all impuriti from whatever cause arising. Thousands of testimoni II s have been received from all parts of the world. Of all chemists and stores, 2s. 9d. per bottle. Ask for

CLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE

AND BEWAIIE OF LHITA.TIONS.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19050408_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
JOHN WALKER & CO..

===== 0002601_19050408_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER OFFICE.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR ALL KINDS OF NRAT CIRCULARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for School, sermons,ktervices of Song. Feetivals. &c.

pRUGRA3IME`k for lintertaininents, Concerts, ac.. in the latest artistic style,

Sl"' RECEIPT, and t'UBSCKIPtION BOOKS Pk inted. Bound. Numbered and Perforated

to order.

CATALOGUES for Public and Private Libraries, Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattera on bine, white. or fancy paper.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATIONAL WORKS.

P RICE LISTS Printed on card or paper illustrated, It required.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

AM.. kinds of BOOKS BCOND in any style, . from the simplest to the mOst elaborate. DULE 800

KS anti CONTRIBUTION CARDS for FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, dc.

kOSPECTUSES, BALA NCH SHEETS. and Reports of sit kinds,

POSTERS OE' ALL SIZES DANCES: CONCERV. BAZAARS. SI'ORTS. SIIRVICRS, TEA PARTIES. ARNOUNCRAIRNTS.

PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, CONCERTS TEA PARTIES SOIREES SERMONS BALLS MEETINGS &c., Szc BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, ac.,

===== 0002601_19050408_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & CO.,

TELEPHONI3 355 Y, ERIN TERS, BOOKBINDERS LITHOGRAPHERS, &c,

===== 0002601_19050408_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITORS 1 NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

--- - NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. IMPORTANT NOTICE.—Our correspondents are requested to carefully note that the alteration of our time of publication from Saturday morning to Friday afternoon will necessitate the forwarding of all M.S. to this office not later than Thursday.—En. " Ex." --- Councillor Stott and the Next Election. Sir,—" Fairplay " thinks that he has "touched a weak (By " °vast.") spot in' Nunqualm's' narrow mind." He considers that i In the semi-final again ! Once more are Warring- I `must say something" so I revert "to the old political ton within measurable distance of winning the dodge of mud slinging." He would like to teach me "a Northern 1 'nion Cup, and the hope of South West little more." He looks upon certain remarks of mine "as so much rot." And then, he has the audacity to , Lancashire is that they may succeed this time. They accuse me of "sarcasm" in what he is pleased to term have a very still hurdle before reaching the final tie, my "rather evasive reply." Sir, to all those charges I but on the form of last Saturday there is no reason plead "not guilty." My intention in writing to you to fear the result. The " Wirepullers," after a very slack spell, seem to he coming on, which is a hopeful was honest; and lain sorry that " Fairplay" should have misunderstood me. A letter at the best of augury. times can but inadequately express what one really 1 thinks, and it behoves a correspondent to make allow- ances and, at any rate, refrain from judging before he ; is certain of his grounds for complaint. Can a letter in the minds of the Warrington officials on Saturday set the writer before you as he looks, moves and has his as 3.30 P.M. approached—not about the weather or being? Can a letter, however affectionate, equal those even the result of the match—but as to whether the g little homely offices of kindness, which sink farther into round would hold all the people who were pouting the heart than even the . greatest acts? Can a letter along Wilderspool Causeway in an ever-swelli4 convey the passing look of tenderness? Alas! no. o stream. No extra accommodation had been provided, it cannot be compared with personal intercourse ;and Jam sure if' Fairplay ' and' =qualm met faze to I which was rather shortsighted considering that all N ' face in friendly argument they would find that they ' records for attendance were expected to be beaten. had much in common. There is no necessity, therefore , The embankment at the rail way end should most to accuse me of "mud slinging." I hope, in future, certainly have been extended, and I hope early I opportunity will be taken to complete what is only a that we may address each other as gentlemen, and con- tinue our friendly controversy as becomes us. ihalf-finished job at this end of the ground. However This correspondence began over a remark of Councillor labout 13,000 people managed to find places in the Stott's, viz : "If there is no Labour Candidate in War- rington at the next General Election, I shall have no returns— interest in the election as far as the actual work is con- , but not all of them got a good view of the game. The cerned, and intend to devote all the time I possibly can , holding capacity of the ground was taxed to its to try and secure the return of Mr. J. H. Seddon for i utmost, and even an adjoining telegritph pole was Newton Division." I have tried to point out the un- irequisitioned by one enthusiast. For fairness of such a declaration; and I still contend that unately there was no accident due to overcrowdino• thourth the vsk it is unwise for a public man living in Warrington I certainly seemed serious at the densely' packed south- to forsake its welfare at such a critical moment. ; i This is not a personal matter. So far as the east corner. Leigh, Widnes and Wigan probably present Member of Parliament is concerned he is a I supplied half the number of people, and with the gentleman whom no one respects more than the writer. ; exception of the Wiganers, all the shouting was for But he belongs to a party which, I believe, is not pro-1 Warrington. moting the interests of the working classes—ride Pro- I tection—and, therefore, I ara opposed to bim on those grounds alone. For a pro,,ressivelike Councillor Stott to ignore the issue in 'Warrington simply because there is not a Labour Representation Committee candi- date contesting the constituency is, to my mind, both unfair and unwise. That is the position I occupy in the matter.—Yours truly, NUNQUALM.

There was no half-heartedness about the way War- rington avenged the crest-fallen and unfortunate Leighites. They reproduced much ot the form which carried them into the final a year ago, and the visitors, to their great surprise, were never in the hunt. Wigan proved adept at getting possession in the scram, but when it came to downright pushing, and open field work, they were out-classed. Play started in a very lively fashion and both lines had narrow escapes. Only ten minutes had elapsed when the scoring opened in sensational style. Brooks, Fish, and Preston rushed the Wigan full-back from a short kick and " Mr. Safety-Pin" Mason failing to hold, Preston got F)ssession at the quarter-line and ran over unopposed, to the mighty cheers of the War- rington supporters. Of course the point was lucky, but it came as a result of smart footwork and fast following-up. The men were there when the chanc - presented itself and so they ought to be! The scorer added a neat goal, and the locals were on very goDd terms with themselves.

The Late Mr. R W. Murray. Sir,—You reproduced in las t week's issue some remarks of " The Christian World" touching the late Mr. R. W. Murray. I had noted those remarks, and had written to that paper a letter of which I enclose you a copy. In this week's issue, he editor of the "Christian World" inserts some extracts from my letter and suppresses others. As there are many in Warring- ton who remember 2.lr.Murray with respect and esttern, you may like to reproduce for their perusal the letter I sent to the" Christian World."—Truly yours, JOHN YONGE.

April 7th. 1911. rTo THE EDITOR OF THE "CHRISTIAN WORLD.") Sir,—l have read with feelings of regret the para- graph in your last week's issue touching my old and esteemed friend, the late R. W. Murray, of Belfast. It is now many years since he transferred his residence to Ireland, and save very occasionally I have hardly seen him. But I think if I had composed the paragraph in question I could easily, and with more accuracy and justice, have presented a far more favourable testimony. In his Warrington days, he was a devoted adherent of the Church of which I was, and still am, the Pastor. He discharged his duties as worshipper, member, deacon. and Sunday school superintendent with a regularity and fidelity rarely equalled, and never excelled. He was gener- ally and widely respected and beloved, and by none more than the scholars and teachers who rejoiced in him as their leader. His removal was regarded with unanimous regret, and he left in the possession of the utmost confidence and affection. Subsequently he severed his connection with Liberalism, expousing the Unionist policy,and cherished I fear,a good deal of unhappy feeling about old political friends. That perhaps resulted in some degree of alienation on both sides, and tended, I think, to cast a shadow on his heart and life. But I greatly deprecated the possibility of his memory being held in lessened esteem by what I cannot regard otherwise then as a needless and considerably inaccurate' criticism of his later days. It should, I think, be re- membered that although the deadare beyond the reach either of our praise or its opposite, the living are sensitive. I am confident that those who knew Mr. Murray here or in Ireland would testify that there were many good things of him which could with greater pleasantness and yet greater truth have been recorded. Yours faithfully. JOHN YONDE.

When Preston found himself with a clear course to the line he seemed almost ashamed to take it, and looked round for the refesee's permission. Meanwhile D. Davies and others were up and frantic shouts of "go on Jack" decided the question and the lengthy forward legged it to the line at his best place. Had he dashed off instanter he could have rounded the posts. It pays to "play the whistle," and forwards especially should bear the fact in mind. If they score first and leave the legality of the decision to the referee they will not be far wrong.

The reverse to the Wiganers seemed to unnerve them somewhat. Mason was to be sympathised with, and his play for the next half hour showed that his confidencelhad received a shock. Warrington gave their opponents no quarter, and both• fore and aft the work of the team was excellent. They were continu- ally aggressive, and both wings needed a lot of watching. Fish performed wonders, while Kenyon was little behind him, and got his reward first. At hot attack just before the interval left Dickinson in possession, and passing at the right moment to Kenyon, the latter dashed over at the corner at a great pace. Warrington thus lead by 8 points on changing ends.

There was now little hope among the Wiganers of stemming the tide, while the Warrington men were correspondingly confident. They continued to overplay the visitors by superior combination and ware soon credited with another 5 points. Isherwood made one of those openings for Fish which be alone is capable of, and the left-winger completed the effort in finished style, himself adding the goal from a wide angle. Wigan had rather more of the game after this simply because Warrington eased the pressure. They attacked!! frequently, but never seemed likely to circumvent the smarter men opposed to them. Leytham was practically a spectatoz, which proves how effectual were the breaking-up methods of the home halves and centres. The closing stages were rather uneventful. and Warrington ran out easy winners by 2 goals, 3 tries (13 points) to nil.

THE REV. JOHN GUNNELL'S RETIREMENT. Present of 100 Guineas. After fifteen year's devoted service in the Warrington Wesleyan Circuit the Rev. John Gunnell, who has been more particularly identified with the work at Penketh, is retiring from active circuit life. By the people amongst whom he has laboured he is held in the warmest affection and respect, and striking testimony to his worth as a minister and friend was forthcoming on Thurzday evening when the rev, gentleman was the recipient of a present of a cheque for a hundred guineas, and an illuminated address from the Wesleyans of the circuit. The pre- sentation was made by Miss Bessie Dutton at a largely- attended meeting held in Bold-street schoolroom, and Presided over by Mr. J. G. Withinshaw (senior circuit steward). The CHAIRMAN SA id that last September Mr. Gunnell intimated that he must cease his official connection with the circuit, but they were pleased to say they had him unofficially still. (Applause.) the Last September he completed fifteen years in circuit--three years as superintendent and twelve yearsl as supernumerary at Penketh. The longer Mr. Gunnell stayed amongst them, the fonder they became of him. Wherever one went in the circuit, Mr. Gunnell was spoken of with the deepest affection. Very few men could equal him in any way. He (the chair- man) had never heard him repeat a bit of scandal or say an unkind or unjust thing of anyone. Mr. Gunnell had been his ideal of a Christian gentleman in every sense ithe word. He was, moreover, a fearless man and Always said what he considered right. At Penketh he had been untiring in his work and they all hoped that both Mr. and Mrs. Gunnell would long be spared to stay amongst them. (Applause.) ' Mr. J. Upsos (junior circuit steward) also bore testi- mony to the warmth and depth of the affection which they all felt for Mr. Gunnell. It was his inherent worth which appealed strongly to them—the beauty of his character, the splendid pulpit services ho had rendered, the way in which he had gone into their homes and touched them in their domestic lives, and the wonderful mellowing which they had noticed in his character. While acting in the wisest way in the interests of Methodism and of Christ's Church,he had: always shown a tender regard for those with whom he had come into contact. Mr. W. SILCOCK (circuit secretary) aided his testi- mony to Mr. Gunnell's worth and said the highest encomium they could bestow upon him was to say that he lived in the hearts of his people. When the history of that Church came to be written not least among the able men who had ministered in the circuit would be found the name of the Rev. John Gunnell. Mr. William Bennett (Paigate), Mr. G. Weaver (Bold- street), Mr. J. W. Hayward (Bewsey-road), Mr. R. G. Henshall (Latchford), and Mr. W. Hickham (on behalf of the local preachers) also made complimentary

There was plenty of poetic justice about the result. Wigan did not deserve to be in the Competition after securing a place through a protest, and they were effectually put out. Then on February 18 they heavily defeated 'Warrington, and this, too, was atoned for. Warrington's three matches with Wigan this season have resulted as follows : At Warrington, 9-0, and 12-0 ; at Wigan 8-10. Preston has been a prominent factor in the two victories. In the first erga7ement he scored all the nine points, while on Saturday he obtained the first five. He is one of the finest for- wards who ever played in the Warrington pack.

I have already indicated that Warrington produced their best form in this match. The forwards, though beaten for possession frequently, were by far the stronger and more dashing set. The Warrington backs quite outclassed the Wiganers, and their aggres- sive, go-ahead tactics raised the enthusiasm of the crowd to a high pitch. It is almost impossible to single any of them out. Perhaps the least famous deserve the most notice. Brooks is making a grand substitute for Hockenhall, and with practice seems likely to train on into a classy half of the robust order. Kenyon on the right wing improves weekly, and his speed and dash arc making an effective counter- balance to the brilliance of Fish on the left. Warring- ton have got a side together which encourages the highest hopes.

Warrington will have to visit the Athletic Grounds at Rochdale to play off the semi-final tie. On Wednes- day Bradford successfully accounted for Oldham and thus qualify as Warrington's opponents in the semi- final for the second time. Last season Warrington and Bradford drew on the Broughton Rangers ground the replay at Huddersfield being won in magnificent style by Warrington. The task was then, and is now a severe one, for Bradford are looked upon as the strongest team in the Northern Union. There is plenty of confidence in the Warrington men, however. They have a knack of excelling themselves against Bradford,as witness the two engagements this season. Warrington won handsomely at home and only lost by a goal-kick at Park Avenue.

speeches. Miss BI,NSIE Drrrox said she esteemed it one of the greatest honours and privileges of her life to make the presentation. She particularly wished to testify to the great love they all had for Mrs. Gunnell. (Applause.) The present was a mere nothing compared with what the Wesleyans in the circuit had received from Mr. and Mrs. Gunnell. They had lived the true, consistent lives of a Christian lady and gentleman, (Applause.) Miss Dutton handed the present to Mr. Gunnell amid applause. The Rev. Joins: GUNNELL, in returning thanks, said he was afraid they had formed a very excessive estimate of his character and services. If his work in the circuit had heen productive of good he was very grateful to God: and if, as the addressistated, the people had been helped,comforted, and strengthened by his ministrations in public or in private he should cherish that assurance with great gratitude for the remainder of his life. The deepest and truest thanks of his heart went Out to all who had expressed in such hand- some terms their regard for him and appre- ciation of his services. During his connection with the Warrington circuit he had preached I'6oo times on circuit and at Penketh alone he had preached 326 sermons. On the list of sick whom he had visited were entered 121 names. Wherever the remant of his days might he spent he would cherish the remembrance of that night's gathering and their handsome testimonial as being amongst the most encouraging end helpful things of the whole course of his ministry. (Applause). It may be stated that the illuminated address has been beautifully executed byMr. R. Routledge,archi tect Penketh, and the text places on record the subscribers' " high appreciation of the recipient's character, and our sense of obligation to you for your ungrudging services rendered to the circuit during the fifteen years of your residence here." Testimony is borne to Mr. Gnnnell's conscientious devotion to duty, his uniform kindliness, approachableness, wise counsel, and broad and beautiful charity, and the address concludes by stating: "We shall hold the remembrance of you not only dear, but a sacred treasure." The signatures of Messrs. J. G.Within- ahaw and J. Upson (circuit stewards)and Mr. W. Silcock (circuit secretary) are appended.

To-day, League football has another chance of attracting.: patrons, though the top and bottom positions are practically settled. Warrington are at home to the gay and giddy Sall-rdians, and bearing in mind the walk-over which the Reds got last year owing to .Warrington's Cup-tie ambitions an 'effort will be made to lower the pride of the visitors. They seem to think they can always beat Warrington, and I hope the locals will teach them a much-needed lesson to-day.

A strong team has been selected by both clubs. Warrington are rejoicing in the fact that flockenhall will once more don the jersey after a long absence due to a fractured collar-bone. If the County man can reproduce his form of two months ago the Warrington team will be more formidable than ever. lam sorry that llockenhall's return causes Brooks' retirement. The" A " team emergency man has done splendid service in recent matches.

The Wai rington team will be: Hallam, full back; Fish, Isherwood, Dickinson, and Kenyon, three- . quarters ; Hockenhall and Davies, half-backs; Preston, Boardman, Thomas, Shugars, Belton, Swift, Jolley and Naylor, forwards.

1 The Salford team selected is as follows :—W. Lambert, full back ; R. M. H. Bell, W. Thomas, J. Lomas (capt.), and R. Richards, three-quarters ; D. Preston and W. D. John, half-backs ; J. Rhapps, D. Rees T. Lewis, J. Spencer, W. Brown', J. Williams,A. Buckler, S. Warwick, forwards. W. Hineshaw and G-. Baker, reserves.

On Monday the postponed visit to Widnes will be made. Kick-off at 6 p.m. Warrington will have plenty of opportunity this week-end of improving their record therefore. ,

The "A " team return to Combination football this week, and with the knowledge that Wigan "A ", lost a point against Chadderton on Saturday last, they will play to win at Salford. A strong team has been picked as follows :—Knight, full back ; Harris, Berry, J. Davies, and Jordan, three-quarters; R. Bate and Brooks, half backs ; Morrison, Coleman, Forster, Lunt, and Harmer, forwards.

Hockey. BY R.G.P. Stockton Heath played West Derby at Grappenhall- road last week, and this will be their last appearance on this ground, as the club have arranged to play on the \Varrington Cricket Ground next season. The cricket ground is one of the best enclosures in the North, and some of the county fixtures are sure to be played there next season.

The game against West Derby, was one of the most one-sided games plaYed at Stockton Heath this season, the score of three none in favour of the home side not representing the play in the least, as may be judged from the fact, that the home goalkeeper had not one shot to deal with during the whole game. The goals for Stockton Heath were scored by W. Banks one, W. Richardson two.

The season 1904-5 has been a fairly successful one,but the great blot against the club's record is the want of enthusiasm shown by the minor portion of the second eleven, although seeing that they were called upen to play eleven out of their last thirteen matches away fromEhome one must not be too hard. At the same time, to cancel eight matches and lose the remaining five during the second half of the season, shows that the club is in want of some new recruits. _ _ .

Final Record. P. V. L. D. P'c'ge Stockton Heath Ist ... 20 ... 12 ... 5 ... 3 ... '6B Stockton Heath 2nd... 16 ... 4 ... 11 ... 1 ... '26

Cycling. , Acton Bridge should have been the destination of the Warrington club last Saturday, but the heavy rain in the early part of the afternoon made the prospects so discouraging that the rim was abandoned. Should the elements be favourable the club will journey to Lower Peover to-day.

Sankey Bridges Wesleyan C. C. open their season to- day with a run to quaint old Knntsford. Those of my readers who are members of this flourishing organ- ization will doubtless be pleased with the following attractive list of fixtures which has been arranged :

April Bth, Knutsford ; 15th, Bedford Leigh; 22nd, Frodsham ; 29th, Altrincham. May 3rd, Crouton ; 6th, Pickmere ; 10th, Burton- wood via Bold; 13th, Liverpool ; 17th, Rainhill Bridge; 20th, Rostherns More; 24th, Pex Hill ; 27th, Tarporley; 31st, Prescot. June 3rd, Arley Mill ; 7th, Whiston ; 10th, Sandiway; 12th, Chester ; 1 lth, Burtonwood ; 17th, Barnton ; 21st, Crouton; 24th, Helsly ; 28th, Rainhill Bridge. July Ist, Liverpool ; sth, Pox Hill ; Bth, Knutsford • 12th. Prescot ; 15th, Hale ; 19th, Whiston ; 22nd, Rosthern Mere; 26th, Burtonwood ; 29th, Pickmere. August 2nd, Rainhill ; sth, Bedford Leigh ; 7th Beeston Castle ; 9th, Crouton ; 12th, Altrincham ; 16th Presoot ; 19th, Sanniway ; 23rd, Whiston ; 26th Frodsham ; 30th, Bold Bridge. September 2nd, Tarporley ; 9th, Rostherne ; 80, Barnton ; 23rd, Arley ; 30th, Pickmere.

Is the cheap cycle doomed,? According to a rumour in Birmingham there is to be a trade combine to fight low prices. Host of the leading firms in the Midlands, it is stated, have for some time been complaining that there is no possibility of making a profit on the cheap machines, which are killing the trade in cycles of a better quality.

A grievance of motorists, and incidentally cyclists, in regard to newly metalled roads, was laid before the meeting of the Stockton Rural Council on Wednesday. A member drew attention to so many of the roads being in this condition, and suggested that half of the road should be done at a time so as to leave one side open. The surveyor said this was impossible if the roads were to be repaired evenly. The Council requested him to do the best he could to remedy the inconvenience com- plained of.

All over the country, it is stated, very large numbers of new clubs have been formed this year. From all accounts, the majority are in a very flourishing condition.

Bowling.

The Warrington Works Association have decided to act upon the suggestion made in a recent issue of the Examiner and to give the committee a greater freedom in the matter of re-arranging fixtures which cannot be fulfilled through unforeseen circumstances. The entries for the competition will close on May Ist and the draw will take place the same evening. Provided the weather is favourable play will commence the following Saturday.

The Bulls Head team intended thislyear making a bold bid for the championship of the Warrington and District League. Last year they were virtually favourites until the Cemetery club defeated them at home and away and so secured the lead. This year the Bulls Head players meant to avenge those defeats and last year's champions will have to be very much alive if they are to retain the honour. H. Fairbrother will lead them, as he hopes, on to a succession of victories, and in his abscence his place will be taken by A. Shaw, who has been elected sub-captain of the Bull's Head team.

The Liberal Club green will be opened for play to- morrow ueek and the opening main will be decided a week later.

It has been decided to confine the Warrington and District League to six clubs as last season there was some difficulty in arranging the fixtures. The club who retain membership are: Cemetery, Bull's Head, Horse and Jockey, Sankey Chapel House, Penketh Park, and the Farmers Arms, Fearnhead. Another depar- ture which has also been made from last season's pro- gramme should prove very acceptable to the members. It is the holding of a series of mains which have been arranged to be decided as ifollows : May 13th, on the Cemetery Green ; June 10th, Bull's Head ; July Bth, Fearnhead ; August 12th, Sankey ; and September 9th, Horse and Jockey. Home and away matches have also been arranged with the Widnes, Runcorn and District League to be played on the Bull's Head green on the 13th July and at Widnes on August 17th. Last year the Widnes League won on the two matches by 42 points and this season the Warrington League intend to reverse the result.

-- A meeting of the League Cemmittee was held at the Bulls's Head on Thursday night cl,hen the following fixtures were arranged, the matches to be played on tho ground of the first named clubs : April 29th : Bnll's Head v. Horse and Jockey,Penketh Park v. Fearnhead, Cemetetry v. Chapel House. May 6th : Chapel House v. Penketh, Fearnhead v. Bull's Head, Fearnhead v. Cemetery ; 20th : Cemetery v. Bull's Head, Penketh v. Horse and Jockey, Chapel House v. Horse and Jockey ; 27th : Cemetery v. Horse and Jockey, Fearnhead v. Penketh Park, Bull's Head v. Chapel House. June 3rd : Penketh v. Cemetery,Bull's Head v.Fearn- head ; 17th Horse and Jockey v. Cemetery, Bull's Head V . Penketh, Chapel House V. Fearnhead ' • 21th : Fearnhead V. Han° and Jockey,Penketh v. Chapel House, Chapel Housc. v. Cemetery. July 15th : Horse and Jockey v. Fearnhead, Bulls Head v. Cemetery ; 22nd, Horse and Jockey v. Penketh, Cemetery v. Fearnhead .• 29th, Fearnhead v. Chapel House, Penketh v. Bull's Head. August sth: Horse and Jockey v. Bull's Head. Cemetery v. Penketh ; 19th, Horse and Jockey v. Chapel House ; 26th, Chapel House V. Fearnhead.

It will be remembered that last year Mr. E. England gave L 5 to provide a prize to be competed for amongst Warrington bowlers, the winner to have also the title of champion. Nothing has beendone as yet with regard to the disposal of the money, but the matter will be considered at the meeting of the WarringtonlLeague. to be held on Thursday, at the Cemetery Hotel.

,

GREAT LIBERAL VICTORY AT BRIGHTON. Tory Majority of 3,165 Wiped Out. ' The Brighton election on Wednesday resulted in a most brilliant victory for the Liberal Party—the most tremendous, perhaps, looking to the character of the constituency in the whole series of by-elections of the past three years. The borough had not returned a Liberal previously since 1880, and the Conservatives, keeping the news of Mr. Gerald Loder' g appointment to a Junior Lordship of the Treasury private till the beginning of last week, sought to ensure that the Liberals should have no chance whatsoever. Yet the figures declared on Wednesday night were : Mr. E. A. Villiers (L) Mr. Gerald Loder (C) 7,392

Liberal majority Brighton has simply surpassed itself. in all the elections that have taken place there since 1885 inclu- sive the Conservative majority, has never fallen below 2,000, and n. recently as 1900 that majority was as high as 3,105. Now Mr. Villiers has swept the whole 3,165 aside and triumphantly won the seat by a majority of 817. .

The borough being a two-member one, it is difficult to mike a straight comparison with recent elections, but the following figures give the result of every contest there since 18.35: 1885. 1892. Sir W. Marriott (C)... 7,017 H. Loder (C) D. Smith (C) J. W. Probyn (L) J, R. Holland (L) 4,835

Con. major. (aggre.) 2,151 Con. majority 2,359 1836. 1895. D. Smith (C) 5,963 G. Loder (C) Sir W. Nrarriott (C)... 5,875 B. C. Wentworth (C) 7,490 W. Hall (10 2,033 Sir J. Ecvart (14 ... 5,032

Con. majority 3,212 Con. majority 2,403 .1889. 1900. G. Loder (C) Sir R. Peel (L) J. Kensit (Protes.) 4,693

Con. majority 2,507 Con. maj. (Loder over Kensit 3,105

There are 20,439 electors on the register, and over 75 per cent. went to the poll on VVednesdiy.llow crushing is the result as against the Government may be gathered from even a cursory examination of the figures. Nevor before, for instance had anycandidate polled 8,000 votes in Brighton. Mr. Loder's own vote fell off by 4116 as compared with the last election, while the Liberal vote Increased by 3,516, surely a marvellous testimony to the way in which feeling against the Government is rising.

i e

===== 0002601_19050408_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Rugby Football.

-.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, April 8,1905.

PHYLLIS THE ELUSIVE.

Essence of Violets.

[By Godfrey Dean.]

"Is knowledge the greatest power?" Phyllis sked, with a pretty air of thought. To that, of course, there was only one answer. "No," I said,. "woman is." .

" Oh, I don't think so," she replied, meditatively. " Nor do I." She regarded me with surprise. "I don't think it, I know it." I explained. " But I don't see why you should. "For the best of all reasons." Perceiving rap purpose, Phyllis turned the subject slightly. " Tell me why she is, generally." A particular case—mine, of course—applies generally also. Therein lay justification for present- ing my personal views in the guise of general ones. "The reasons are innumerable," I said. "What are they?" "Are you prepared to hear a long statement of them ? "

"Yes, if you won't be so very serious," she said. "The reasons are grave." " I am waiting." "The reasons are," I said, "woman." She seemed disappointed, but I would not state it as a fact.

"Woman is not one reason, she is all the reasons. It is just as well you should know them, so I'll relate them."

"Why ought I to know them?" she asked. "That you may realise your power "—I fancy I saw a faint smile —"and the necessity of using it with discretion."

Phyllis leaned back in her chair with an air of resignation. But it is such a long story," I said," Perhaps—" "You might as well tell me, though," rather quickly. " One might think," I said, "everything exists for woman ; she is almost a religion—to man. She is certainly the great motive force that directs his mind and impels his actions. . . .

" Noi the desire for wealth ?" "For what purpose ?" I asked. Phyllis mistook effect for cause.

"Woman is a perfect armoury. Her chief weapons are smiles, cajolery, tears. If she fails to influence a man with the first, she will weaken his will with the second, and tears complete his destruction." "I don't think it is so," she said. " Alen don't like to see tears."

"No, that is why women use them. If a woman doesn't, it is because there is no necessity." "Why should you know ?" she asked. It was a mistake, but I gave her no clkante to correct it. "For the best of all reason," I said—watching the increase of colour in her face—" because of you." "You must be quite impersonal," she said. "You tempted me," I said. Adam was the first of a long procession. "Indeed, I didn't," indignant in denial. "I mean, unconsciously you did. After all," I said, daringly, but pleadingly, "that was my only answer. I should not have known of it but for you." I caught the expression of interest in her eyes, therefore I continued.

"You cannot deny it, can you ?" "I can't if I wished (giving me a swift look of interrogation) because I don't know." "My authority is unimpeachable." "And who is your authority?" bending her head. Was it only to inhale the fragrance of the violets at her breast? "Myself, the highest." , " Really ; but you're an interested person." Then quickly, "I mean---" "Very," I said, unscrupulously assisting' in her embarrassment. (Curiously, considering circum- stances, Phyllis is always sensitive in this manner.) "Oh, I meant," she said, "that--" She realised that explanation was hopeless, so I came to her rescue.

"Don't," I begged. "Why should you? I would rather it remained unexplained; ta put my own con- struction on it."

"ft might not be mine," she said. "Not entirely ; we should shire the opinion, I hope." I think Phyllis despaired of me, so revertod to the original point. " How can you say you would never have known but for me ?"

At least, in avoiding an answer she accepted what I wished. "I could not have been interested—or so much—in other women," I said. " Assertion isn't argumont,"deinurely. Phyllis has a trick, occasionally, of confronting me with my own phrases. " It is an assertion of a fact." "Perhaps you are intsrested in other women, though ?" " I am," I said. "How many ?" very quietly: " All women. And a woman, even a really charm- ing woman—which is saying much—never does know the extent of interest she has for men."

" Oh ?" very soft and very low, and onca again she bent her head over her bouquet—mine. Then she unpinned it from her bosom. " It has lost its perfume," she said, carelessly, and laying it down. I appeared unconscious of the significance of this incident. _ _ _ .

" She is a world of interest. Her actions are events to be noted, criticised, and to draw conclusions from; the smallest is suggestive to the man who is open to be interested,and he is either a lover or a misogynist." " Why the misogynist ?" she asked, as if more in- terested in him. "Because he is one. The misogynist only arrives at his state of mind through love—or lack of it Cupid having failed to pierce two particular hearts with one arrow." "And the other ?" apparently indifferently, and as an after thought. " The lover's interest is quite different," I said. "He is constantly comparing other women with the one he loves. And always with the same result. I How more delightful she is, with charms others do not possess, or he cannot see ! But being a lover, he must study the inspiration of love." I " For instance, I can recall your characteristic actions, The turn and poise of your head,"—l stopped. Phyllis had picked up the violets and hidden her face in them. " I was mistaken," she said, putting them in her dress again—" wasn't I?" ! I could detect the perfume at a distance ; and, yes, I much more close to. They were quite fresh. But I don't think she was mistaken.

..... (To be coatinued..) (These artiees originany appearea ia the "Loadori Echo.")

===== 0002601_19050408_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
PEN KETH.

PUNK ETH STUDENTS SOCIAL.—A very enjoyable gathering was held on Friday last in the Wesleyan School, when the students attending the Evening Con- Urination classes, met, to close the Session. The gathering is an annual one, promoted by the teachers, and is confined exclusively to the members attending the classes. A sit down supper was provided the arrange- ments being in the hands of Mrs. Watson, and her will- ing assistants, and the good fare was much appreciated. The evening was given over to games of various kinds, interspersed with vocal and instrumental items, the following being the programme. A pianoforte solo, Royal State March, Miss Moores, opened the proceed- in gs, and was followed by a dramatic recitation "The wreck off Mumbles' Head," by E. Davies. This gentle- man was also very suecessful in his later sketch The Irish School Master?' Miss Belle Davies gave a 538 J couple of songs, her rendering of " Navaho," being Majority for St. Clement's, 78. very popular. A cornet duett "Friendship," well Played at the Drill Hall. executed by the Bros. Carman, was much enjoyed. Miss SERGEANTS 2ND. V. ST. CLENIENT'S 2ND. lim in • E. Plimpton, sang "Bluebell," and " Under the panaa, Sergeant Russell ,4,,G, rind Misses Moore and Asney, gave a pianoforte duett Sergeant Owen 72 T. Higham ,i,u,su "Humereski." Mr. L. J. Foster gave a humorous song, luu Sergeant Spencer Sergeant Houghton lOO J. Whalley n- I Sergeant Penny 120 I gave a brief outline of the work accomplished during Sergeant Wilcox - 'l° i the winter, and, gave some sound advice to his scholars, -7-- I which was attentively listened to. The 9ocial was in °36 ievery way a success, and the students committee thereby were rewarded for their labours, and also the energetic • hon. sec.,Mr. F. Foden.

BILLIARDS Played at St. Clement's Club. SOUTH

, . ST. CLEMENT'S. LANCS. REGT. SERGEANTS. J. Wolfenden P.H. Simkin 92 Sergt. Goulding H. Broadhurst J. Hamhlett H. C. Rhoden J. Fleming

503 Majority for St. Clement's 2nd 33.

The Wallasey magistrates on Wednesday adjourned the hearing of a summons for alleged neglect of a dog which had been issued against a man named F'riedrick Kreuger. The latter, who did not appear, has, says a 1 OxFoRD AND CAMBRIDGE 130 AT RACE.—This annual Liverpool correspondent, for nearly twenty years lived event resulted in a win for Oxford. Time as taken by the life of a recluse in a hut on the Wallasey sand hills. Benson's Chronograph 20 mins. 35 secs. Inquiries made about him twelve months ago elicited the information that he is a fine linguist, a native of , WARRINGTON JUNIOR LEAGUE. Baden-Baden. a student of the Universities of Leipzig VICTORIA PARK RANGE:AS V. ORFORD WHITE STAR. and Berlin, and an ex-member of the German Consular —Played on the groan of the former, and resulted in service. He has stated previously at the court that he an easy win for the Par' Rangers by 16 points to nil. is scientifically interested in dogs, andhe keeps no fewer than ten. '

e

===== 0002601_19050408_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMERCIAL TRAVELLER AND HIS

COMMISSION.

Warrington Man's Successful Action.

His Honour Judge Bowen Rowlands, K.C., on Thurs- day decided a point which is of considerable interest to commercial travellers. The point was raised in a counter-claim to the action brought by John Smith wholesale furniture manufacturer, Red Bank, Man- chester. to recover from Heary Ellis Vane, 9, Liverpool- road, Warrington, auctioneer and commission agent, the sum of £5 133. Bd., collected on behalf of the plaintiff by the defendant. Mr. Vane counterclaimed the slim of £2l 18s. as commission noon orders obtained by him. ' In his counter-claim Mr. Vane credited Smith with £8 is. 3c1., leaving a net amen it of £l3 17s. Gd., which he sought to recover. Mr. Newman, Manchester represented, Mr. Smith I Mr. Vane being represented by Mr. A. Browne. The claim was not disputed and Mr. Browne at once ' proceeded with the counter-claim. He explained that his client in 1902 entered into an agreement with the plaintiff to sell his goods on 5 per cent commission. ' Mr. Vane in a letter to Mr. Smith agreed to the amount of the commission provided that it was paid upon all repeat orders. At the first settling between the parties ' commission was pPid upon repeat orders. Mr. Newman: It is upon orders not got by Mr. Vane that we refuse to pay. If a man deals direct with us we say we are not liable. Mr. Browne continuing, argued that his client, or any commercial traveller who obtained a new customer, was entitled to commission upon all business done by that customer whether canvassed personally or sent direct to the firm. Mr. Vane secured a large number of orders for Mr. Smith and had also found that several of the customers which he introduced had sent repeat orders. On September 23th,1903, he discovered that under 'Mr. Smith's orders another man was travelling his customers and underselling him. He wrote to Mr. Smith com- plaining about this but received no reply. Mr. Wane then pressed for a settlement, in response to which Mr. Smith credited him with some £2 commission for two year's work. Mr. Vane then found that he had only been credited with commission upon orders which he had sent direct to the firm, whereas he contended he was entitled to commission upon all repeat orders. Upon resuming after lunch his Honour said he had hoped that some course would have been taken which would have dispensed with the necessity of his trying that action. Mr. Newman and Mr. Browne had a brief consultation as the result of which Mr. Browne said the parties had agreed to terms. What they agreed was that judgment should be given for Vane on the claim, without costs and for £8 Bs. upon the counter claim with costs on scale "A." His Honour said the question appeared to him to be one of degree and was very much influenced by time. If a man introduced a customer and secured from him an order for £1 and then within reasonable time, the agent not being discharged in the meantime and the original relations existing, it certainly did seem unreasonable and contrary to all business principles that' the commission of the agent should be limited to the amount of the original trans- action. At the same time he could easily conceive that there might be circumstances in which the length of time which elapsed would render it unreasonable to assume that there should be a continuance of the original agreement which would entitle the agent to commission upon repeat orders. In that case he thought Mr. New- man had acted wisely and that the course which had been adopted was reasonable and proper.

Mrs. WILKINSON submitted the following resolution : —" That this Board expresses itself in favour of the Bill to be introduced to the House of Commons by Mr. Charles Schwann, M.P., to prevent the Disfranchise- ment of "persons receiving Poor Law Relief " and that copies of this resolution be forwarded to the Prime Minister ; the President of the Local Govern- ment Board ; Mr. Robert Pierpoint M.P. ; and Colonel Pilkington, M.P." She said she would like the Board to use its influence in favour of the Voting Disqualfica- tion Removal Bill that would be before Parliament shortly, namely "that no person shall be deprived of any right to any franchise by reason only that he or any member of his family has received out-relief." It was their duty as Guardians to do their utmost to remoie any obstacle that might stand between the poor and their rights, and so long as a person held a voting quali- fication she did not think it was right to take his vote from him, She failed to understand why people should forfeit their civic rigilts simply be3ause they were poor. Mr. SETON seconded. Mr. FORSIIANY : Does the resolution include the inmates of the House ? The CKAIRMA.N : If the inmates of the House have votes I suppose it includes them. The CLERK said all persons in receipt of relief would be enabled to vote in Parliamentary, Municipal, and Board of Guardians elections The principal objection would-be that paupers could vote for Guardians. Mr. Jouiffv said he would be very sorry if the resolu- tion were passed through any misapprehension on the part of members. They were supposed to be trying to work for purity in public life all round, but if the Bill in question became law it would really be setting the hands of the clock back and making it possible for candidates to bribe the electors out of the rates. It would be a most lamentable thing if that Board or any public body countenanced anything of that kind directly , or indirectly, :and he should vote against the resolution. ' The Ray. Da. Mfutcsn said the Bill would be very wide in its effects and it required serious consideration. Mr. DAMS ; It is one of those things we care little about. The Ragged School authorities are this week making Mr. JOLLEY : You ought to care about it. a practical test as to whether any school-children do Mr. THOMPSON said that when the Board granted out- actually go to school without breakfast. Oa Sunday relief he supposed they only granted it to people whom afternoon the first and only announcement was made they considered respectable and who through no fault to the scholars present that if they knew of any children of their own, needed assistance. It seemed to him very going to school without breakfast, the Mission would hard that such persons, who had perhaps contributed to be open each morning this week between eight snd nine/ the rates for thirty or forty years, should be disfran- when dry bread and cocoa would be given to every chised when they themselves came to need out relief. child who came for it. On Monday morning 65 came Only the other day he read of a case where a man had for this frugal fare; on Tuesday, (i 2 including about died of starvation rather than ask for relief and thus half of those present on the Monday ; Wednesday, 50 ; lose his vote. It was a very wide question to handle Thursday, 57. Their ages ranged from 4to U. Seven- and it was difficult to know what to do in all cases. teen of the same children came on each of Mr.HICKM AN said he did not know what he would be the 4 mornings; 20 on three mornings ; 25 on committing himself to by supporting the motion. He two mornings, many of these last coming had very great sympathy with people who were unfor- for the first time on Tuesday and Wednesday. tunate, but there wore some men in the House' to The greater proportion were from the district of the whom he would not like to give votes. He could hardly forges in Bewsey, and came from three-quarter to one support the, resolution until he knew what the Bill mile away. Each child was asked its name, age, number really was. If Mrs. Wilkinson could defer the matter of brothers and sisters not working, father's occupation, and let the members have a draft copy of the Bill, she and whether in work, or partially so. Taking the would probably obtain more support. He moved that children's replies as given, it was found that about the question be deferred for a month. one-third of the whole had frequently to go to school Mr. TIIOMPSON seconded. without any breakfast whatever, and when they did get Mr. Asacnofor pointed. out that the Bill would not I anything it was a dry crust, sometimes with tea, bat affect permanent inmates of the Rouse as when a man I more often without. About half of the whole had now had been in the House for twelve months he lost his and again to go without breakfast, but as a rule got vote because he was not considered a resident in the something, such as dry bread or bread and lard with Borough. tea or without), but never enough te satisfy their Mr. fItCRMIN: But it is proposed to alter that. hunger. The remainder, about ten, had breakfast Mrs. WILKINSON : No. every morning, even bread and butter, and The CLERK pointed out that if a person received out- these were told not to come again to the Mission. relief he was taken off the voters' list for twelvemonths All the children made a good meal, whilst some ate from that period, if the relief was re-paid, the barrister ravenously. There were some remarkable signs of pro- re-allowed him the vote. The resolution really applied longed unsatisfied hunger amongst a few of the older more to the chronic cases who were constantly on the boys; one whispering to another to fill himself up Board's lists, and were as a rule disallowed the privilege while he had ther chance. One boy was remonstrated of voting. with after eating half of a 21b loaf when he replied in The Rev. Dr. MERCER said Mr. Jolley had put before a kaowing manner "1 'aopen shant ger any moor them a very serious aspect of the Bill, and they must all to-day," Another lad was so famished, that he was recognise that it was serious. Oa the other hand, Mr. actually sick after finiseing his meal of dry bread. There Thompson had pointed out a class of cases with were many pitiable objects amongst them : half- which they all had a great sympathy, and if they clothed in rags, shoeless, or worse than shoeless, some could restrict tnemselves to such cases, he (Dr. Mercer) with sore eyes and having the appearance of suffering did not think there would be much difficulty .At the from bad nutrition. The executive hive to thank same time they knew very little about the Bill and had Couucillor Wright for ss. and Miss Gill, Wilderspool- not considered it much, and on those grounds he sup- road, for 481 b. of broad given for this special object. I ported the amendment. Another aspect of the case The Warrington have again shown their practi- which might be well worth while noting WM the political cal sympathy by forwarding 55. collected at their last i side. The matter tended rather to introduce politics on committee meeting, accompanied by a warm letter of that and similar Boards, and such a thing as that he approval. The same fare will be provided each morn- would regret very much. lug next week, except Saturday. Mr. BILLENGE suggested that the motion should lie on In the "Labour Leader" for week ending March the table. He did not think it was a question for any 31st, Mr. Keir Hardie has an instructive article on the I Board of Guardians to deal with and they might safely subject. He refers to Section lof the Act, 42-3 vic. leave it with the political organizations which looked chop. 51 in which 'it is laid down that Guardians may ,to that particular work and studied it constantly. vote money to any Institution in relief of the poor, The-amendment was altered to the effect that the provided the persons to be relieved are such as are, or motion should lie on the table, so that it could be may become (i.e. are not now) chargeable to the Poor Ire-introduced at any opportune time. Law, it having been admitted that destitute school- The CHAIRMAN said he did not take Mr. Billinge's children have a claim upon the Poor Law, it follows , view that that was not a question they ought to discuss. that any Institution which is feeding such children, The Guardians must remember that they were whether it be a voluntary committee or an educational experts in Poor Law work and that probably authority, has a claim upon the Guardians for financial they knew a great deal more about it than backing. tseforo the Guardians can act in this matter politicians. In politics each side was for its own they require the sanction of the Local Government particular party and there was a great deal of hanker- Board The remedy, so far as school children ing after votes. He thought the views of Boards of are concerned will only be found when educational Guardians on the question should be more sought after authorities are empowered to provide meals for scholars, instead of less. Be did not wish to express his own but that requires fresh legislation, whereas the other opinion unless ha had to give a casting vote. He might means can be put in operation at once." say that he was in sympathy with poor folk but he was Donations of bread, cocoa, or money are earnestly not in sympathy with a great many who received relief. requested, and will in every case be publicly acknow- ledged.

1

===== 0002601_19050408_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT THE RAGGED SCHOOL MISSION IS DOING. _— Brealdastless School Children.

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

Poor Law Relief and Disfranchisement.

COUNTY COUNCIL EXPENDITURE CRITICISED.

The final meeting of this Board for the year 1901-5 was held at the Board Room on Wednesday morning, Mr. A. Brooks presiding. There were also present : Mrs. Clay, Mrs. Wilkinson, Miss Broadbent, Rev. Dr. Mercer, Rev. T. R. Matthews, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, R. Forshavv, W. Hickman, J. Billings, G. Thompson, S. Davies, J. Payton W. Houghton, R. Bolton, W. Flannagan, M. W. geton, T. H. Ashcroft, J. C. Sutton (clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wright (super- tenclent of Padgate schools). _ VA CC DZA.TION FEES.

When the list of cheques came up for sanction, Mr. S. DA.VIES said he would be glad when the vaccination fees ceased. The CLERK' : There is a new order issued, but at present it is in the hands of the Government. PADG (TE SCHOOLS.

At a meeting of the Padgate Schools Committee votes of thanks were accorded to the Chairman (Mr. G. Mather) and Mrs. Clay, who occupies the vice-chair, for their services during the past year. SLEEPERS WANTED.

The Board conarmed the Lions° Committee's decision to invite tenders for the supply of sleepers from the railway companies. NURSE'S NEW APPOINTMENT. Nurse Simmons notified the Board that she had obtained the post of head norse at Northampton Union indrmary and asked to be released from her duties at Warrington in a month. The necessary permission was granted and it was decided to advertise for a successor. LUNACY CONIYIISSIONERS' REPORT. OVERCROWDING IN THE HOSPITAL. NEW PADDED 1200 M NEEDED.

Dr. Coog.P., visitor on behalf of the Lunacy Commis- I sioners, reported on his visit to the House on February 21th. There were in the Workhouse classed as imbeciles I and permanently detained on orders produced to him I thirty inmates of each sex. The majority of them had been placed on the list since the last visit of the Com- missioner. He also saw a man who had been recently admitted upon A fourteen days order. • They were all , proper cases for detention, but no one appeared unfit ,tobe in the Workhouse. More than a fourth of the total number were confined to bed—an unusually large proportion. Hardly any of these were seriously bodily ill, but some were very feeble. He had no complaint and was quite satisfied with the personal conditions of the patients and with the state of their clothing and bedding. Of the men, twenty-three were warded in the lunatic block, which was for men only, four in the body of the House, and four in the hospital; whilst of the women, twenty three were in the hospital and seven in the house. The accommodation thus pro- vided for them was good, the lunatic block -having by re-decoration and the provision of new furniture, another lavatory, and an alternative exit from the dormitories, been greatly improved since Mr. Urmson's visit. Some overcrowding was, however, notice- able in the hospital. A well-equipped padded- room attacheA to the lunatic block was much needed. Both the existing ones were Po badly dilapidated and badly placed in the old Infirmary that they could not either with advantage or safety be used. The conse- quence was that the return of mechanical restraint by the jacket was unduly high, as many as thirty-six patients having been subjected, some for a good many hours, to this method of treatment, which it was desirable to keep within the narrowest !imits. He understood that for the imbeciles there were now two attendants, one for day one one for night, of each sex, who were permanently on the staff, but that all of them had contracted out of their right to a pension. Mr. HICKAIAN remarked that the report appeared to be satisfactory. The CLERK : Yes. There is no complaint. The consideration of the Commissioners' recommend- ations was referred to the House Committee. Mr. EDWARD J. DIGNUNI wrote expressing, on behalf of himself and members of the family, their thanks and appreciation of the kindly reference to their late father made by sevnral members of the Board, and of the vote of condolence extended to- them in their great and irreparable loss.

OVERSEER FOR NEWTON. Tt was reported that Messrs. E. L. Bent, J. Sankey, John Simpson, and Dr. J. H. Patterson had been ap- pointed overseers of the poor for the township of Newton for the ensuing year. POOR LW RELIEF AND DISFRANCHISEMENT. MRS. WILKINSON'S MOTION.

On a vote being taken the amendment to defer they matter was carried.

CRITICISM OF COUNTY EXPENDITURE. "WRETCHED MANAGEMENT" OF EDUCATIONAL AFFAIRS-

_ The Clock submitted precepts prepared in accordance with the app oved estimates. The calls fixed at the rate of sevenpenco in the £ on assessable values( hence less than if calculated on rateable values) were as follows—Burton- wood, £528; Cuerdley, £166; Haydock, £852; Houghton, £9O; Newton, £2,187 (inclusive of £63 separate charges); Penketh, £256 ; Poulton, £lB7 : Rixton, £213 ; Great Sankey, £268 ; Southworth, £lOl ; Winwick, £629 : Woolson, £lO9 ; Warrington, £7,423 (inclusive of £4O separate charges). The calls were divided in two parts payable on May 10th and July sth. In the year 1864, the two Lancashire County contributions, inclusive of Warrington, totalled £1,816. At much more recent periods they totalled under £3,000. In 1903-4, without inclusion of the Borough, hence upon a rateable value less by more than one half of the total Union rateable value the two demands totalled £10,497 3s. id. and in 1904-5 they totalled £14,685 4s. sd. Although upon the recent revision the County rateable value greatly increased, the Overseers of Townships might expect further serious additions to the County demands. It would be imprudent if they reduced their poor rate in the £ because of reductions now being made in Union and Rural District contributions.

Mr. THOMPSON asked if Mr. Sutton could tell the Board what the serious addition to the County demands was going to be. As an overseer, he wanted to know, as in these bad times he was anxious to give the rate- payers the full benefit of any reduction they could possibly allow. The CLERK said that in rural parishes one penny was being taken off the Union rate and one penny off the District Council rate, but he advised overseers not to take the whole twopence off their next rate, because he, was quite sure that the County Council would put at least one penny—and they might put twopence—on their rate. It would bo an awkward position for the over- seers to be called upon to levy that additional rate— chiefly for education—unless they provided for it. The only way of meeting the demand in that case would be to levy a separate rate. He could practically tell them that a penny would be put on; it might be twopence or even more.

Mr. THOMPSON said the Board of Guardians and Rural District Council had tried to keep down expenses and it was time the County Council did soland tried to help the ratepayers in some kway. The education ex- penses of the County were very heavy, and there was no doubt the County Council Education Committee were in a fog. He did not think they knew what they were doing. He spoke as a school manager, and his view was that the wretched way in which things were managed was a disgrace to the County. Mr. HICKMAN : Will you move a resolution on it? Mr. THOMPSON : Yes. I move that the County Council be requested to curtail expenses in all ways they can. Mr. HlcicmAN seconded.

The CLERK thought it would be advisable to wait and see what the rates amounted to before passing such a resolution. _

Mr. BrraJNGE did not think the overseers could expect any reduction of rates in view of the excessive call which would come from the County Council. It would not be safe to think of reducing their call until the County Council or Education Committee knew exactly where they were, and got out of the seeming t The CHAIRMAN said the question was not one which affected the Warrington Borough Guardians and he sug- gested that it would be better for Mr. Thompson to move the resolution at the District Council meeting. Mr. THOMPSON : It would perhaps be as well to leave the resolution alone. The matter then dropped. THE CHAIRMAN THANKED. _ _ COMPLIMENTARY SPEECHES.

Mr. S. DAVIES said they were reminded that day that the year's work was ended, and he therefore rose to perform the agreeable duty of moving a vote of thanks to the Chairman fur his services during the past year. Mr. Brooks had done the work most ably. and impartially. He (Mr. Davies) had at times heard it said that the chairman had been partial and one-sided in some things, but personally he failed to remember when that had been so. If Mr. Brooks had happened to err in that respect he the Chairman) was sure he had done so unintentionally. His decisions on points of order had been admirable.

Mr. Fousnaw seconded and remarked that be joined the Board in the same year as Mr. Brooks, and he had always admired the chairman for his level-headedness and his conscientious methods. He had done much to dignify the chair and to uphold its traditions. Mr. ASHCROFT supported and said Mr. Brooks had been most devoted to his duties as chairman of the Board and of the House Committee, and could be well described as a good and faithful servant. Mr. HICKMAN remarked that he had had occasion to differ with the Chairman, but he hoped he was large' hearted enough to forgive all differences of opinion when Mr. Brooks had finished his work and to support the vote of thanks most cordially. The Rev. Dr. MEncErt esteemed it a privilege to support the vote of thanks. During the twelve months he had been a member of the Board he had often had the opportunity of admiring Mr. Brooks's conduct in the chair. Ele had admired his wonderful cheerfulness, when the Guar- dians had tried his patience very much—(laughter)--- and his great urbanity coupled with great firmness and business-like decision. If Mr. Brooks could act as chair- man for a considerable time longer he (Dr. Mercer) for one would be delighted. Mr. IVIATHER also endorsed all that had been said. Mr. JOLLEY said that as one who had been associated with Mr. Brooks ever since he became a member of the Board on various committees and sub-committees, and had seen something of the whole-hearted devotion to the interests of the Union which the Chairman had always displayed, he could not let the opportunity pass without adcFng a tribute to his merits. Mr. Brooks had a very firm grasp of the principles which underlay the Poor Law, and he had acquired 5 mastery of the details of administration which was exceptional and which had materially helped hint in carrying out the duties in such an admirable manner. He had won the esteem and respect of all the members whether they had agreed or disagreed with his views orl• particular subjects. Miss BROA.DI3ENT supported and said she had found it very pleasant to work under Mr. Brooks's chairmanship. At first she did not want to. be a Guardian at all,but she' thought there ought to be another lady Guardian. Instead of disliking the meetings, as she expected sha would, she had thoroughly enjoyed them. Complimentary speeches were also delivered 11 Messrs. Billing°, Payton and Flannagan, and the motion was heartily agreed to. In responding, the CHAritmAN said he thought there' must be something in the atmosphere that morning which gave them a rosy view of everything. (Laughter.) Under the circumstances, however, he was very pleased that that kindly feeling existed They had had a° electrical atmosphere for some little time, but the nega- tive pole seemed to agree with the positive pole that morning. There had never been ranch thunder and now' they had got into a quiescent state and found that beneath the elecrical storms there was a solid founda; tion of trust and confidence in each other. He ha'', always had confidence in every member of the Boara trying to do his best and although he had perhaps et across occasionally with some of them, it had heew merely a matter of the moment. He hoped his successor in the chair would receive the same kindly consideratio° they had always extended to him (Mr. Brooks). A vote of thanks was accorded to the vice-chairma`: (Mr. J. W. Knowles) on the motion of Mr. lirciot' secondei by Mr. ASHCROFT.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGINE-DRIVER'S REMARKABLE DEATH.

-- -- A Warrington Compensation' Case.

- -- At the Altrincham County Court, on WednesdaY before his Honour Judge Bowen Rowlands, R.C., Mr' Steel, solicitor, Warrington, made an application under the Workman's Compensation Act on behalf of Mrs' Marguerite Powell, of 'Latchford, Warrington, for the, payment out of moneys agreed between the applicanu and the Manchester Ship Canal as being due from Of. company on the death of her husband, William PoWeb Mr. Steel explained that William Powell was a fire- man on an engine, and on January 24 last his engin, e was passing along the line running parallel with t 3! Manchester Ship Canal's wharf at Partington. Sool; men employed by the National Telephone Compall,?, were raising a telegraph pole, and owing to a defect the wire they were raising it with the telepholl" pole crashed on the engine killing the 1300,,r; unfortunate man. The applicant, who was twlv e4ti eight soars of age, had only been marries eighteen months, and a week or two ago a baby o'%, born. The Ship Canal Company had agreed to thre,'; year's wages at £217 10s. and then there was the pension and an amount to cover an allowance uniform. Tha company very generously had not illleft tioned either of those two items, and had agreed the maximum amount that could be recovered agairto them was £252. The company would have paid t'-'5 money to the applicant, hut she had not taken out lettert of administration and they thought it only right tbile the money should be paid into court and they should he.„/f5 an order from his Honour. The applicant's botnen in Belfast, she had an aged mother living there, ail she was anxious to return to her mother. the His Honour made an order that £72 be paid to widow, inclusive of the £5 already paid ; that £lBv , invested in the Post Office Savings Bank ; and that is week be paid quarterly to the applicant for support of herself and child. His Honour added t,hift the company had unquestionably behaved very wel` the matter. Mr. Newman appe.ared for the Ship Canal ComP9.ll. _

Warrington.—Printed and published by JousWA St Co., at The Examiner General Printing WI Bewsey-street, and published by them at the 59 place, and also at The Etaminer Offices, Victorial WIDNES : 32, George-street, ST. HELENS: 3, gar,‘ street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street, RuNcoP.Ny ' 7th.

===== 0002601_19050408_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
T 1 li

'-1

It

I

I

1

- $,

01

1 ix t au iv,

( En

111

C

13.;

, TR

13,

II rtlll tal Ph 17 1

1!li

the tbe

I 0 (A VI q Ci al

===== 0002601_19050408_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
the

===== 0002601_19050408_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
iTACDONALD'S

IMPORTANT NOTICE.

COMMENCING WITH THE PRESENT ISSUE THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER WILL BE PUBLISHED ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON INSTEAD OF SATURDAICMORNING AS AT PRESENT.

THE EXAMINER WILL BE ON SALE AT 4 1.. M. ON FRIDAYS AT ALL NRWSAGRNTS, AND AL' i 1 i THE OFFICE AND WORKS, BRWSRY-STREET. NEW FEATURES. A RRANGEMENT.; HAVE BEEN MADE FOR -, -1- THU INTRODUCTION Or TRH FOLLOWING NRW FEATURES; LOCAL NOTES AND NOTIONS. CYCLING COLUMN, CIIILDREN'S CORNER , A SPLENDID NEW SERIAL I".CHE BLACK MOTOR CAE," STARTS TO-DAY. READ "THE EXAMINER," 1 THE BEST LOCAL PAPER. ‘, ONE PENNY EVERY FRIDAY AFTERNOON.

BE W SEY ROAD W ESL RYAN CHURCH TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL 9ra. At 10.30 Rev. G. 11, OARNSON. At 6.3? Rev. R. WILKINS RIM. AU Welcome. Bymn Books provided.

BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CEIURUH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) APRIL 92ff, At 10.30 Rev. R. WILKINS RES. At 6.30 Rey. G. H. CARNSON. All welcome. Hymn Books provided,

YCLIFYIL CHURCH, BEWSEY brItEST, WARRINGTON. ON SUNDAY NEXT, APRIL 9po, 1905. PREACHER : REV. J. YONIGIi• 10.30 AND 6.30. USUAL OFFERTORIES.

PARR lIA LT. SKRVICES. -TO-MORRO W (SUNDAY). APRIL SUL 6.30. REV. HERBERT DUNNICO. SUBJRCT : Ch‘mbers of imagery." 80LOIST : Mr. S. Morning 10.45 Bapti.t Church Golhorne S:reet.

p°t-Ht CHILDREN'S CAM P.-SO .1 1905 The COMMITTEE INVITE SUBSCRIPTIONS AND ;:ouRATIONS, being anxious to ascertain what work the lands Will warrant. An ASSEMBLY ROOM AND ~....°PnOTIRS' MESS noon are urgently needed. Nearly children benefited last season. Remittances to Mr. ARTHUR H. LEE, Tapestry Works, Brick-street, War- rington, lion. Treasurer, or W H. J. JENKINS. Hon. Secretary. Warrington, 30th March, 1905. WARRINGTON CHURCH. SOCIETY.-SFECI L ADDRESS TO MEN ONLY oN FRIDAY NEXT, APRIL 14TH, AT 8 P.M.. IN THE PARISH uHURCH. BY The Right Reverend the LORD BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL, on "The Death of the Christ." ALL SEATS FRISS. SERVICE ONE HOUR ONLY. WORKING MEN SPECIALLY INVITED. LONDON AND NOR TH-w ESTERN RAILWAY COMPANY.—GARSTON DOCKS RAILWAY NOTICE. The London and North-Western Railway Company GIVE NOTICE that the GARSTON OLD DOCK WILL RE RUN DRY and Closed for IMPAIRS from the a.m, tide on FRIDAY. APRIL 21st. 1205, It le hoped the dock will again be available for work by the a.m. tide on Tuesday April 25th, 1905, but further notice or 111 appear in the Liverpool Press of that date. FREDERICK HARRISON, General Manager. Islarch, 1905. Buston Station.

P4RR HALL, MONDAY, APRIL 10TH, A PUBLIC MEETING WILL BE HELD, WHEN H. WISDOM Esq. THE GREAT SOCIAL LEADER, WILL SPEAK ON " THE MUDDLE OF MILITARY REFORM AND THE WAY OUT." CHAIR To BE TAKEN AT 8 P.M. BIC H. ROBERTS EN. J.P. ADMISSION FREE. Tic kets for Reserved Seats. is,, may be had at the door, or ‘,7_ra the Hon. Secs., N.S.L., Volunteer Headqtertere, "rington. 00115 OPEN AT 7.30. CARRIAGES AT 9.30.

TRH BRASS BANDS OF ItNOL AND AR .0 COMING TO WARRINGTON ON SATURDAY MAY 13. TO COMPRTE FOR THE £lOO OFFERED BY JOSEPH CROSFIELD & SONS LTD. CONTEST TO DE HELD ON THE WILDHHSPOOL FOOTBALL GROUND. ADMISSION 6D.

IN-ARRINGTON LIBERAL Ass OCIATION.— A sunIES OF PUBLIC MBETINGS WILL BE HELP AS FOLLOWS :- TUBSDAT NEXT. APRIL 11TH, AT THE 14AIIISH ROOMS, GRAPPENHALL-ROAD. LATUHFORD. CHAIRMAN :-ALDIMMAN WM. PIERPOINT, J.P. WEDNESDAY NEXT, APRIL 11TH, AT THE WINWICK-STRBET CO-OPERATIVR HALL. CHAIRMAN :-WILLIAM FURNESS. Ea* l'il+nciFAL SPEAKERS •-H. VIVIAN (Prospective Candidate for Birkenhead) and JOSEPH HOWES. Am° TRBRSDA.Y NEXT. APRIL 13TH, AT THE THEWLIS STREET SCHOOLS. Caaranats :—COONCILLoR D. TINNION, J.P. PHU:WY NEXT, APRIL 14Ta, AT vnc NATIONAL SCHOOLS. CHUROH-STREET. CHAIRMAN : GEORGE WALKER, End. rItINCIPAL SPEAKERS :—F. MADDISON (Candidate for Burnley) and C JOSEPH HoWES. eara To BE TAK.N AT HACK MEETING AT 7 30 P.M.

THE EILTIES ARE COMIN' ! CANADA'S GREATEST CONCERT BIND. THE KILTM, PARR HALL, WARRINGTON. MONDAY, APRIL 17ra. MATINEE AT 3. EVENING AT 8. THE HAND THAT SINGS, DANCES AND PLAYS. TRH BAND TWICE COMMANDED BY HIS MAJESTY TEIE KING, BALMORAL, SEPT. 27, SANDRINGHAM, NOV. 9TH 40 MUSICIANS 40 4 HIGHLAND DANCERS 4 3 BAGPIPERS 3 1 TENOR SOLOIST 1 1 CORNET SOLOIST I 1 GIANT DRUM-MAJOR I POPULAR PRICES : BodY body of Hall and Centre Gallery. 3e. ; Numbered and reserved of Hall 2nd seats reserved, 2s. ; Side and Bask, Gallery, is. 6d.; Body of Hall, Is. PLAN (NOW OPEN) AND TICKETS AT N. H. csasitsorra. BOLD STREET. _ _

HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW BCIEETIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40s. MACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-I:ST, AT WANLAMES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 IO 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT Mn. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.I. to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.2.f. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILL Y ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

NAME-PLATES IN GILDED GLASS OR ENGRAVED BRASS Enamelled Letter' and Tablets Letters In Glass, Metal or Wood. Motor Numbers. BAXENDALE'S. MILLER STREET. MANCHESTER.

HAIR 0001BINCib made up 2/. per oz. COVIIRLRTTII I TAILS OF t FROM HAIR FRAHM, PURR FROM 3/3 EACH. HAIR. 1 5/6 T S BROWN, 3, LERCH ST (OAR STATION). LIVRRPOOL.

I rtuiv or W A tINTU is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at atx months' notice or for a term of years, Application to he made to the BOROUGH TREASURER. Municipal Offices. Warrington.

EXPERIKNUIIas Male and eemale illittab' at a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES INSTITU- TION, Hope House, Hope et., Liverpool. Telephone 2570, Royal. Telegraphic., Address, Nurses, • JAIVIES SETTLE, A. Mus. and LL C M., LU Professor of Music, gives POST LEMONS in Theory, Harmony,Counter-point, Orchestration, Analv sis, iind Form ; also Violin. Piano, and Singing Lessons. Metropolitan and Local Rximunations prepared for.—Torms on application to 25. ROCKY LANE. NRWSHARt PARK, LIVRItPUOL. Bout port visited.

MR T. BOOTHROY D, PROFESSOR OF THE VIOLIN. CONDUCTOR &c.; ACCEPTS ENGAGEMENTS WITH HIS ORCHESTRAS (STRING OR FULL). CONCERTS, BAZAARS. DRAntIATI 0 SOCIETIES AT HOMES. eco. TERMS for Engagements, lessons &c.—Apply THE " STUDIO ' P, SUBZ STRINT, WARRINGTON, OR 18, CAWDOR STREET, STOCKTON HEATH.

b yr, IVIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE TEE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MARE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 26 6d., 313., 46. 6D., AND 51. 6D J. O. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. RILES INCREASING DAILY.

ROBERT L9Wit, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms No, 1, BANIE-STRIVIT WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOE SALE. New nd Second-band Furniture and otber Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Purnitute, &0.. warehoused.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, HICHMOND-STREET, WHITEOHAF EL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Oburch-street, Lord-s treat, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Sliver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Propert"v of every description. OLD GOLD AND STLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actof P.trliamen Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A 01401019 SSILSOTION of GENUINS JEWELLBRY, Sliver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clocks. Pictures, Ito., Ac.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BAN9AINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY, LADIEo' and GENTLEMEN'S 1 RINGS. SCARP PINS, BROOCH BS, Sm., An We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to Inspect our Stook before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES BY PO5l EROSIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of an kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices In Liverpool for Gold Chains. Caref ally Jelectea Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, Ac. GOLD and 3ILVER WATCH-111S. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all Pockets. M'LAINET RICHMOND OfREET LIVERPOOL.

ARTIFICIAL TEETH.

I rrOILETTA POWDER PREVENTS CHAFE AND ALL SKIN IRRITATION fn CHILDREN or ADULTS; never fails, so why allow Baby to suffer, when is. lin, post free will Cure? TOILBTTA 5, IMPERIAL CHAMBH:RS, DALE-ST., LIVERPOOL. £5OO IN MOUNTS. SAMPLE PACKETS, 30, post free. SEND STAMP for FREE SAMPLIs.

F. A: BROWN, SURGEON DENTIST, 8, WINMARLEIGIit STREET. WARRINGTON. From home on Friday afternoons.

--- AWONDERFUL DISCOVERY.—This is the age of research and experheent, when all nature, so to speak, is ransacked by the scientific for the comfort and happiness of man. Science has Indeed made giant strides during the past century, and among the—by no means least impertant—discoveries in medicine comes that of THBRAPION. This preparation is unquestionably one of the most gen- uine and rellaisle Patent tdealoines ever introduced, and has we uncleretand, been used in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostan, Jobert, Velpeau, Malsonneuve, the well- known Chassalgnao. and indeed by all Who are regarded as authorities In such matters, incloding the celebrated Lalle- mend, and Roux, by whom it was some time sinec uniformly adopted, and that it is worthy the attention of those who require such is remedy we think there is no doubt. From the time of Aristotle downwards a potent agent in the removal of these diseases has, like the famed philosopher's stone been the object of search of some hopeful generous minds ; and far beyond the mere 'power—if such could ever have been diseovered—of transmuting the laa,ar metal into gold is surely the discovery Of a remedy so potent as to replenish the failing energies in the one case, and In the other so effectually, speedily and safely to expel from the system the poisons of acquired or inherited disease in all their protean forms as to leave no taint or trace behind, Such is the new French Remealy THBRAPION, which may certainly rank with, if not take precedence of. many of the discoveries of our day, about which no little Ostentation and noise have been maade, and the extensive and ever-inoreas- ing demand that has been created for this medicine wherever Introduced appears to prove that it is destined to cast into oblivion all those questionable remedies that were formerly the sole reliance of medical men. Theraplon may be obtained Of the principal chemists and merchants throughout the world Diamond Fields Advertiser.—Kimberley.—For par- ticulars of Therapion, send stamped, addressed envelope to MR. N. JOHNCON, 43 HOLFORD Sq., LONDON, W.U.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROC a.TION. HOOFING COUGH The celebrated erectual HOOFING COUGH cure without internal H A HOOFING COUG medicine. 46---Ot all Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 4s. per bottle. Sole Wholesale Agents BRONCHITIS W. EDWAIDS SL SON, OROUP 1579 Queen Victoria Street, London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. 1

PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN TOUT, BASS'S MILD lan BITTER ALES ALLSOPP'S MILD awn BITTBR ALES. WHHATLEIT'S HOP BITTBIIII. WHEATLEY'S GMBH 888% To be had in CASK or BOTTLBS f ran B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICR ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Sore w-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. STORM. OWEN TRUST.

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. BEITAB. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 71 YEAR. HARGRAVES' CIGARETTES. MANUFACTORY: SWAN-911MT. BIANCHI:NUM.

NT IA ()TICE. TRANSFERENCE OF BUSINESS; 7, Winmarleigh-street, Warrington. DEAR SIR OR MADAM. I beg to inform you that I have made arrangements with Mr. R. H. Pearson of Bold-street to take over the tunings of my late husband—Mr. Percy Randall and should be glad if you could extend to Mr. Pearson tile same support as you extended to my husband. Yours taithfully, A. RANDALL. 10, Bold-street, Warrington. DEAR SIR OR MADAM, • I beg to inform you that I have made arrangements with the widow of the late Mr. Percy Randall to take over his tunings and should be glad if you could extend to me the patronage enjoyed by the late Sir. Randall in in the past. Yours faithfully, R. H. PEARSON. NOTE THE ADDRESS R. H. PEARSON LTD., PIANOFORTE AND MUSIC WAREHOUSE, 10, BOLD ST,, WARRINGTON.

S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINUXON WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

TO FARMERS & MARKET GARDENERS IF YOU ARE REQUIRING GOOD CROPS I WOULD ADVISE YuU TO GIVE MY CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE A TRIAL. AS YOU ARE AW&RE I HAVE SPECIALLY BUILT and equipped a new WORKS with the very latest machinery for the manufacture of a good Manure. This plant is the first erected in this country for a Worse slaughterer. In the following Analysis of a sample recently taken of my CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE you will notice at once the richness of this Manure in NITROGEN. AMMONIA and PHOSPHATES, this must strike you as to its being far away superior to the ordinary Blood and Bone Compound Manure made by other processes. I would point out that I ton of our Manure is equal in Ammonia and rhosphate properties to from 2to 3 tons of the ordinary Blood and Bone Manure. ' The Manure is free from objectionable smell and very dry, rendering sowing easy. I have every confidence in recommending this Manure, as one suitable for all Crops, and am sure it will only require a trial to establish itself, -.I have a small stoat( on hand, and would be glad to have trial order from you for this Season. Samples and fur ther particulars will be gladly sent to you on application. Yours faithfully, JAMES TOOLE. CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE. ANALYSI 3 Nil ROGER 4.53 per cent. • AMMONIA 550 per cent. PHOSPHATE 29.05 per cent. PRICE: X 6 TD _L ER TON, WITH DISCOUNT FOR CASH. JAMES TOOLE, HORSE SLAUGHTERER, WARRINGTON.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. ACCIDENT & DISEASE Small Poz.Searlet Fever,Typhoid,Dlphtheria,Appendieitis &e BURGLARY & FIDELITY INSURANCE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE kdO. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAID £4,800,000 64. CORNHILL,LUNDON. A. VIAL Secretary. MANCHESTER OFFICE s 18 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented aistriets. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate „ Mr. W.H. RlGlBBY,Nesseliffe, Viotorin-rd.,Latehtord St Helens Mr. J. D. LHAcH, Hardshaw-street Ilaydoelc Mr. J. BILLINGH The Willows aandbach Harnworth ...Mr. J. HOLLAND WATSON,,Moerfleld lions

CHEAP GAS FOR GAS ENGINES. tIGHTING AND HEATING. ONE H.P. FOR ONE HOUR FOR 1/16 OF 1. FROM 10 H.P. UPWARDS. THE INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING COMPANY, HYDE

SPRING CLEANING. W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED, BEG TO DRAW ATTENTION TO THE MAGNIFICENT RANGE OF FURNISHING GOODS WHICH THEY NOW HOLD. PURCHASERS WILL FIND THE VBRY LAMP DESIGNS AND COLOURINGS IN LACE CURTAINS, CRETONNE. TAPESTRIES, TABLE COVERS & CUSHION CASES. RES r VALUE IN CARPETS, RUGS, LINOLISUMS, AND FLOORCLOTHS. Aa: VERY CHOICE SELECTION OF HIGH-CLASS FURNITURE AT THE LOWEST PRIORS. WEDDING OU [FITS. THESE ARE A SPECIALITY IN OUR LINEN DEPARTMENT, AND WE INVITE COMPARISON OF PRICES AND QUALITIES. W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

. _ BEEF! BEEF!! BEEF ! !! GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE. HIGHEST PRICE ANY JOINT 5m PER POUND. FED ON IHE FINEST PASTURE a IN THE WORLD. PLEASE NOTE ADDRESS; W. & R. FLETCHER, LTD., 28, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON,

;J; & W. DUTTON OUR BUYERS HAVING JUST RETURNED FRO -THE CENTRES OF FASHION." WE ARE NOW MAKING- OUR FIRST DISPLAY FOR THE SPRING OF ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES IN MILLINERY, MANTLES; COSTUMES, DRESS MATERIALS, &C., 16, is & 20) SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE NEW GROCERY STORES. BEST BUTTER, DELICIOUS FLA.VOUR is. PER LB. FINEST ROLL BACON, SLICED AT sid. PER LB. J. G. FLETCHER, so, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

E. COATES, FURNISHING & HOUSEHOLD DRAPER. LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF WICKER, EASY AND FANCY CHAIRS AT VERY MODERATE PRICES, 721 BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

SMITH & WALKER, (LATE HOLMES AND BOOTH), MARKET-GATE, WARR I NGTON, TAILORS AND BREECHES MAKERS, ARE NOW SHOWING NEW AND EXCLUSIVE CLOTHS FOR THE SPRING SEASON. LIVERIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

FOR THE PEOPLE. PRICES TO SUIT ALL. " PREMIER " CYCLES. £7 7s. Or.. R 9 9s. OD., -- £l2 12s. OD. SEE THE PREMIER CHANGE SPEED GEAR. SOLE AGENT : •-r• S. GARLAND. 51, 53, St 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100,000 PAIRS IN STOCK. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES lAI MENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

,- FRANK STRINGER & Co., 104, WILDERSPOOL ROAD. WARRINGTON. PURE WHIUMSOME BREAD AND CONFECTIONERY. ONLY THE CHOICEST MATERIALS USED. . DECORATED CAKES ON THE SHORTEST NDTICE. ___

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EvElt OFFERED TO TER PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERs AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTEIts SD, ND., AND IS. BD., EACH Wan MEALEt BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1833.

SMOKE SUDLOW'S "OLD BOY'S" TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE; le. 7D. PER ILB. TIN; 6s. PER LB T. &MOW & CO., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR bIRRCgANTS. 15, WINWICK WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 4141%

B. -VV ADS Viro RTD, SOLE AGENT FOR THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS : 59, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON.

ILOANs GitAtrTgD ON THESE TEIOI6 £5 TO £5OO. LOAN £5 REPAY £3 12s. Pd. LOAM £lO REPAY £ll ss. 01. LOAN £2O REPAY £22 10s. CA. LOAN £3O REPAY £33 15s. Ocl. LOAN £5O REPAY £56 51. Od. LOAN £ICO REPAY £ll2 1.08. 03. Larger amounts in Proportion. Call or write to W. JACKSON, 70. PLYMOUTH-GROVE,. MANCERSTER.

NO PRELIMINARY FRES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (NOT LESS THAN Rao), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 23 years the total amount lent tr the undersigned EXCEEDED £1,250,000 He has relelyed hundreds of unsolicited letters of thank!: and has annually, for the past eittat years, issued selee tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,0 Ce copies have been printed. Prospectuses. term. for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied. free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. EeTABLISHED 1870.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FO.IR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWER, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, wungus, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER JOHN' ii. GOOLF .B.—Establiahed at this t. iiress Tw-intv Years.

LOANS GRANTED RAILY, ANY DISTANCE. FROM £5 TO .€l.OOO FOR ANY IMMEDIATE WANT, BUSINESS OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simple promissory note No fines. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. All applications immediately attended to. Apply in confid• enee, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN 00., 4. PARKER STREET WARRINGTON. HEAD OFFICE :9, COEPORATION NTAMOVIRS rtart "FROM £3 AND OPW ARDPAI.T (.4 TO A: GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVE9 THAT OCHS IS THE LOWEST TNTEREST AND LOW EsT RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is 6d weekly £2O repayable 78 64 weekly £5 210 d „ £5O 17564 £lO 3s 64 „ £lOO ~ 39.64 .. For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEAL/NGS apply In con- fidence to MAGRICR AND CO.. 31, CAW° STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Illes COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURS, 9 am to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY lIIARS.

_ ADVA NC ES £3 TO .£ O 500.—DN'T PAY PE itS Al those Offices who ask for fees,will only pocket your fee and refuse the advance. NO PENS OP ANY KIND CHAKCIND. NO NURHTIIIS RECQUIEIND. NO RHSPIIC T- ADLII APPLICATION refused. NO FINNS IF UNABLii Ito pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. !HONEST and STRAIGHIPONWARD dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit ' applicants. Apply and be convinced to the—Manager, J. OALVIIRT. CLAUGHTON CHAMBERS,I. CLAUGHTON TRIM opposite Dr. Nnowle s) ST. lIELBNS.

X .£lO, £l5, .£2O, £25, £SO.—ADVANCE e) MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERMS FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit male by our Manager on tame day 0 application who will grant you the money AT ONCE satlefnetOrv. NOTE : THE BRADFORD ADVANCE Co., 69, El AYDOCK STREET NEAR THE MARKET PLACE EARLICSTO

NO PENS I NO FINNS I I NO PUBLICITY I ! rt AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY •_.l In SYRICTIeiT PRIVACY to all respectable House holders, Tradespeople, Farmers, and all persons Worthy of credit, without. sureties or bondsmen, "on simple promis- sory note only." at reasonable Intereit and easy repayments to suit sll classes. Distance no object. Call or writs in confidence tO TRH ORBS HIBR ADVANCII CO., 25, Cairo- street, Sankey-street, Warrington ; also It 16, Green wood- street, Altrlncham. Head Ofllce : 59, Brunswlck-street, Hightown, Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

ESTABLIiHRD OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS. 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DI AP: TIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANOBS should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BB SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TG RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROW ER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTErTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases Et Representative will call personally upon applicants ml complete the transactions at their own homes or places of business. My fair dealirg and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

• 4 1111, •s, , • -,- , 1 • „.'; xmk imp , - pe„ 7Nit ,444. A an el Innma kk ee ss hai m ma t as he fi"fete-1 s .

‘'t 7:4 , "I firmly believe that if the children were well fed, our Workhouses, Gaols, and Asylums would soon be empty."—Slß JOHN GORST, , tv, c v.! ONE CUP OF DELICIOUS , 41.12: pLAsmori COCOA Equal in nutriment ?3-lb. BEEF or, TEN CUPS OF ORDINARY COCOA, And is absolutely flee from Chemicals. Aids Digestion, Braces the NerVes, InVigorales the System. In tins 5d., 9d., is 4d . and 25. 6d. - < 4 * •

, , 9 Co ' .`. ' .1,-; k• A: `k...J • . • l' el•;., „...... . , .11,•: . , ila , $-4 :".%7 .: ‘,u•,•:::••,•‘,••••:•, , 5/ ' ••.., - ,-, ' ••,-4,., ,7; • % AI _4. ..41k; ~ . . . • • , ..,-: ••,•.•',s. t4,r's '‘o . i , , -,,,e,'.tra , .P., ~,*.t,r,:,,, ....-1,3" . ''''S :Ai Vrif - • , 4 i'. W.AN,4 91, ~ „fe.. ..,?4,4%.,, %, '. 1' • - , , , ',e' • , , k 0 . ' . .4, 107-,,, egs:A.• • ' '''%4 •:..*: io,,i. .),„\ " • ..tV„ .4,-••• 4.• /--' I .4331 illt, '' s ,e 4 4 • 4'4, ~, ..c,...- ,n‘ . ~;t:t• ' 1, le, ;..:4,....'), • , 1 - I ' d V':l7 ..' , . . , , Yig4. )!-Ai 4 l'l''',l,4"'' ~,, j„tilivi• i: 1,. L•:,44,,,•,;ii*5i0 IAS a i •, • IgiL.4 •_,, 4,- ''',,,,q;c;... , I—, , ~ 4, .4 -- , )).. • • . -.., AI. t v lat • v-• ‘.. p?,i,,,.. A - ,'„',. ,•:•,,,,rto.:,:, ,- k., 0.4.1,:cb, 'i:t.4'4U 4 •"I:',2i. >A,A , • ,••••; 7.e, v-n 4,41,, y• ~,.......w.-xi,,, ,:. •; , .7.0 -“,.,•;* ....t:ri f il.:1,1;wIT-4,; i. s, ;:.re A— , ,u,-.•, „....,,,,, ~, s 57., \... .. . . -,,,...„,... „ , A' ~i, , .••.,413,z74.,„„4 ," ' .1.• ' ',? - •°'..- Iv. ? 0 .tre,(4l„o- •t -. 4at 14'4,`,....( , sn...art . -, ,ki-r,i -, ~„ 4,7 1, ' ..,t- JP: 1 t ~1 . • r ~'' , 4,,,',. i / ...:'.r.t•'..- ,0::,-;:•0'.1 A / X 'f? -4,,,,,, ~-,,,, . , •?,,,,,, 1 , 1 1.1."‘"-'''‘ ....._...- % --- _,,., ; ~ 14(14/i,g• 1 „...,_,....1

CARTONS NEW AND IMPROVED BREEDS OF SEEDS ARE THE BEST, ALSO CHEAPEST WHEN QUALITY AND ULTIMATE RESULTS ARE CONSIDERED: Carriage paid, and 5 per cent, discount. Priced and Descriptive Catalogue post free on application. Seed Experts and Growers, WARRINGTON.

1.. 1E ' WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHTRE ExAmrasu." published every Satordt- morning. T" .. EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER , published every Friday afternoon. r" "ST. HELENS Exisatssu,' published every Friday afternoon. THE " Ruzscouts Ex.slunviga," published every 1.. Friday afternoon. T" " WIDNES ERAUTITITC," published every Friday afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENT APARTNErNTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMrSTS TO LET HOUSES To BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS mane ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Weei. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ET 36 45 ... ...... 54

pA 1: IsNT OPP 1 (IL MANCHESTER MBTAPLISPISD nr 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES ft SON bsve ha 4 more than 40 years personal experiencein connection with this Establish merit and posses practical kno w ledge of the cotton.woollei and iron manufactures, "Self-help to the New PMent Law," price 84, .. colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price is. GEORGE DAVIE'S. C.E., a sots. 4.13 T. AuN'S SQUARP3. MANCHESTER

MIC BELOOI3II4S, any name, 3 atanaps. Agents TV wauted.—McidasTml. 44 Maple St, Middiesborougn. J3SCOMI a Millionaire. lievealed bow £5 reaboes it.— 'BEDYOan " Kelly's LiOrary,Sbafteatury Avenue,London

1c) INVALUABLE RECIYES, Is.; should be In every .househAd.—cTarToN,3 Greenbank Ayenue,Plymoutio. DENNY GOODS.—Ehopkeeper's 3 dozen penny articles, 1. with catalogue. post free, 15.—FLa-rortaP. ,t Co., Meaboro. CIDHOCOLS" will tint your Postcards ; quite simple: _L bores, 14 stamps ;of all stationers.—NAßTE, Bootle Street, Manchester.

UPRIOHI IRON GRAND O PIAN for Sale (ay Monington and Weston. in perfect condition ; as new ; list price, 40 guineas' will accept 19 guinem.—apply 31, Wigan rd., Orawkirk.

ril4J mrOHTSSIIiN.—& pair excellent Field GLUM'. Calf Cover Case. with shoulder straps to match • plated fittings. shened eyepieces with sunshades, Ten Leuses,los 6d SEYMOUR, 65, Fenchurch st., London.

- VrATCHUS given away. Send 2s. for Lovely Inland V Pearl Brooch In Handsome Csse or Handsomely Chssed Fountain Pen, and free Watch eaupon.—WEEEEts (DEPT. 50), 105 Blackshaw rd., 'looting. BOOT ÜB&LERS.—Women's Black Canyss Oxfords cheap est in the world ; Box-calf fittings, sewn, 12s. per dozen pairs ; bs.tter quality, 13s. 61. Cash with order.— LAURIE Zt MCCOZINAL, LID Cambridge.

eIANADA.-17 Poat-cards of Winnipeg end district 3e. 6d. k./ Souvenir Letter-eards, and Leather Post-cardaof Winnipeg, 6d. each. Postage extra. -Address A.. B. BARON 340 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Canada.

WLDNHI3.—My Discovery Absolutely Touren' Hair In remarksble time ; move or forfeit ENO ; send two stamps for Free t-aropie tort tee hair begin to grow.- CLARKE, SpfriAlist. 57. Ashton rd.. Blac4 pool.

E,INBST Nuptial:l Blend Cigarettes, 4s. 64. WO. Beauti- fully packed ; high ChM goods, post ft ee. Satisfaction guarani Pell .—M, START. & CO., 149 HOWfird rd., Waltham- stow, London. Cherries Union .k Smith's Bank.

F your hsir it fallint out, or Petting thin. send 2s. 6d. for my large br‘ttle of Hair Tonto (from the receipt nf medcai m-n) which I have use" with wonderfully successful results—FOßD 16, Hinton rd., Herne Hill, London.

rpo LADI-9.-10. 21. only ; easy and pleasant way of Aiding to on'e income, by writing to W. H. HALL, 419. WellEnoton at.. Grimsby, and enolosing Is. 2d. for sample with full particulars. Money returned It not sattsflPd.

pto CURK POSTOOLDi POiT Ifttdl4.-30 beautiful coloured Picture Posteards.all different, Is postal order 25 Wrench's Cornpetitlon P!cture Pedlar's, I. Id. postsl order —Prcruint POSTCARD SUPPLY COMPANY, Nunhead.

ASTROLOGY. MANGRS, important event. Marrlarre. roline planet & c. kJ send age, birth late (time it known) 13 stamps. stamped envelope.—Prof. Bownw.(desic Z).Brookland rd, Bridlington

YOMFORT AT 110.44 FOR LAMY:S.—Our Ohrotnatta NJ Calf one bar house shoes are not only comfortable, but nice looking and very durable. Post 'ree, ss. 31. oar pair. Send size and P.O. to lititor. Bootrnakee, Radleigh, buffolk.

WHICH Actor, /Lama, or Celebrity do you most resemble? Send photo. stamped addressed envelope for return, and Madame Ouicia will tell you.— MADAME OulDA,76,Biekerton rd.,Upper Holloway,Lonclon,ll

A RMY BLUCHBRS I Alitedlt BLIJOHRHS I 4,000 pairs ILI of new sewn Bluchers ; very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size, post free for ss. 6d ; cash returned it not approved of.—H. J. Gassos. Government COntractur, Rye. BABY CARS direct from Factory on approval ; carriage paid. We save yOl ss. in the round. Cash or easy payments from 3,6 d. monthly. Send for splendid new catalogue free. Dept. 6.,..—.Dzat.cr Pursue SLPPLT Co., Coventry.

PICTORIAL POST-CARDS.—The latest and best. td, per doz. ; A:Are/lees. in photogravute. 61. per doz.; hand coloured, Th. per doz Mixed. ill different. r:0 for le. 3d.— A. H. BATEMAN. 21. Coleridge Road, Fin4bury Park, London. N.

L'DISON HOME PHONOGHAPH,wIth fan-tall reprodwer Ili recorder, and horn. and 100 Hdlson gold moulded records ; cost £l3 16s less than three months ago. What offers for the lot ? Must sell ; cash wanted.—B. TAYLOR' 45, Moyle 1.1„1/nehdRI..

S&LVAGH U DO dozen ex L. & N.-W. hail-, way Company. Ladies sllk Umbrellas ls., la. 64, 2e, 6d. each ; Gentlernem's bilk Umbrellas, la. 6d.. 21. 6d., 33. 6d. Packing and postage 64 extra.—HARDING'S UMBRKT.LA WAREEMUSE. SChOOl lane. Liverpool.

TOR one penny stamp we will send you a Ring Booklet. a Naval Picture Postcard, and Signs of the Zodiac Picture List of Lucky Blethmonth. Istvan Bngagemeat Rings sup- plied for Cash or on Bossy Terms privately —Send Id. stamp to MASTERS, LTD , 206 Hope Stores, Rye, Sussex. MlibllsuAeßjaCteLrpOrToir.ifigiGoti,liv°: r°,7,t.d.fo'ar large, dark t gorul, or f servise for other pattern ; either, carriage paid, for 7s. 6d Name size required. Large Capes, same material, 2s. 6d, each.—FroM H. J. Gasents, Goverament Contractor, Rye.

Fro BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near widnes.—The extensive Ji.. 174o:its, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring spaoe.—Address J. lloaxtrea„ 18 Fenwiek-street, Liverpool.

VISH.-9 stone COD, LING, Ha.DDOOKS, 10s. ; 7 stone 11' Plaice, 124. ; Headless Haddocks. Is, 4d. per stone ; Salt Cod, 2e. per stone ; Finneys, 3s per stone; Kippers and Blesters, 2.8 6d. per box ; Oysters, 54. per 121; bees of selected Fish, 2s. 61. ; Red Herrings, 2s. (id, per box.—L•cir & box, Fish Door. Grimsby.

STEVRNSON'S delicious 'URA at ls. Bd, always (Acmes, Marvellous valuta-3lb. carriage paid anywhere.— STEVENSON, Alpha ri ,Cambrilge.

IinfICTURRS FOR SALE (RembrAndt rtyle).-2 different I_ subjects, beautifully finished, pont free for le.- 63fITHER8, 21, Canonbury Park South, London, N. DABY'S LONG CLOTHES —Complete parcels superior make and finish. $0 articles 10s. 6d. ; 50, 20e. ; carriage paid; approvai.—Mrs. 11.s.hvgY, 100, Clayton It., Idewcastle- en-lyne.

66 r ONGITB " the best coal sayer yet Introduced, no need 1— to pay big coal bills, agents wanted ; good line for hawkers ; sample and particulars 3 stamps. —LONGITE, 119, Fleck rd., Walsall.

SEND 58. for LADIHS' BLACK CLOrli MIMS SKI lad, stylishly tucked and stripped, state length ; also charm- ing moirettee underskirts, black, pink,sky green,navy. Send 2s. 6.1.—Fe5.8 HILL Co ,T rowbridge.

NO 2,110301 BROKIIN MAINTLKS —Pew Incandesc<nt Metal MANTLES (patent 9,622) ; practically unbreak- able ; platinum ;Ti candle power white light; 6d. post free, 4s. 6d. doz.-011088LEV8 174 a, Fountains rt., Liverpool.

T ADICS SAFETY.—Barglin, nearly new, not soiled free LJ wheel. silver-plated nms, beautifully lined in gold; rim brake ; high-grade Coventry machine ; belt pneumatic tyres ; celluloid gear case ; all accessories ; 24 10s., lowest ; no use to owner; genuine ; approval will nAlv.—K. STUCKICY. Oak Villa, Clarendon rd., Weston-super-Mare. FEBE GIFT to everyone sending for one of the following parcels, we will present a 22 carat GOLD cased BROOCH, usually sold at 1.. 6d. BIG BALE, FRNTS AND REMNANTS, Calicoes, Prints, Muslins, Patchwork &c., DRESS LENGTHS. SERGE. oR CASHMERE, 6YDEL DOUBLE WIDTH, BLACK AND COLOURS MONSTER BUNDLE, LACK AND INSER 'IONS WILL Retail at double tan pica. Send P.O. ss. and will forward, together with FREE GIFT. DON'T DELAY,LLMITED NUM HEII.—IniNT MERCHANTS. 131, LONDON ROAD, HAZEL GROVE, STOCKPORT.

IDOR DISPOSAL. old-estabil.l,ed Millinery, Drapery, and Gentlemen's Outfitting BUSINRSS ; main road ; good reasons for leaving —Apply 45, CASTLE ST., Tyldesley. MUST SELL Old-established CHOCOLATE, Sweets, Minerals, Ices, Tobacco Shop ; main road ; sacrifice to immediate purchaser. —Appl 157, OLDFIELD RD., Salford.

104 BUILDING SOCIBTY SHABB6 never missed pav- ing divi-lend for 20 veers £lO paid will take £7 105. and will divide them.—Apply Q. 11., 22, Priory rd.. Broad Green.

101 VIS THOUSAND POUNDS Pli+t 1: ate DISPOSAL, Profitable GFIOCHSYBU J8fl; best stand in Hit.dley ; low rent ; now under manager ; doing £lOO per week; has done much more; fixtures, utenalls, &c , £lOO ; stock could be reduced to £3o).—Apply SHARP, 21, Strand it.. Douglas.

V V ANTISI) rsi RIATION as JOUtittitrislAN gardener Inside the houses ; good character ; Ei yuars expert- once—A.. J. COWDELL, Queen it , Tredegar, Mon. I'2 OLD, Sliver, Platinum, old False Teeth bought, highest prices; eAsh forwarded rarne day. Metals received. BRUCE et CO., 33 Queen Victoria Stree, Pestling,

NIANAGER of Coffee Tavern Is desirous of making change, 6i year,' reference ; Citv experience.—YEA Box 2487, do bIiARROW & THATCIIER32 Holborn Place

A HHHTS.—Travelling and Country Drapers can easily La. earn a pension by seilliqz a pair of Handwoven Seam- less CORSETS daIIy.—SEAMLESS CORSET CO„ Shelley. Huddersfield.

OUNO ISIBN (strong) WaiNTRO for Farm Work in -111. Ontario, Canada. Situations provided Immediately on arrival—For particulars apply ONTARIO GOVERNMENT AOgNCY, 7, James at.. Liverpool.

A POSSIBLE FORTUNE of £27,600 for £l5 with a Ili guarantee, that at least £24 must be paid back for the £l5 invested ; strictest investigation sollcited.—Particulars from H. REIMERS, Herne Bay, Kent.

V‘TANTBD, to adopt Child, any age; one or more of th 3 same fe ily ; entire surrender, good prospects ; good borne ; premium arranged.—Mrs. WATsoN. 10. Princes ' etrace, Queen's rd., Upton Park, London.

VBRSIO NS.—AII elaaees of Reversions bought; quick t. oornple tlons ; loans arranged at low rates. Mortgage securities Wanted at 3i to At per cent. Business Transfer gencv. T. I MITH WOBELkY, 26, Cooper St.. Manchester.

R3WHEKLY —Exceptional opening for Lady or Gentle- man, whole or part time. No experience necessary. Send addreteei envelope to V.O•-0.d.. Sox 249, 0/0 Sharrow & Thatcher, land 2, Holborn Place, Loudon, W.C.

A POSSIBLIf Fortune of £27,6C0 for £l5. with a. guarantee that at least £24 must be paid back for the £l5 invested. You csnnot afford to lose this chance when a postoard Will bring you full particulars.—H. REIMI,RS. Herne Bay, Kent.

ABOON TO OAS CONSUMIIRS.—Tbe new Self Lighted No match required. Avoid explotiots. black ceihmea and broken glasses. Agents wanted.—Apply THE SELF LIGHTING Ixc.iscyscErrr Co., 40 Broad it.. Bowie, London.

SA E ITA ItY INSPECTORS —Lady Health Visitors; £lOO to £350; seieral hundred Vacancies annually, open to all ; 40.1 euecesses. Postal Lessons now Cornozencing for Manchester Exam. ; fee 255.—I1usHENe, Science Teacher, Sunderland.

AOHNTS WANIBD for the sale of or Safe Cure ' book. Contains over 40 fleet-class Veterinary recipes and cures Sells at sight to all farmers, stock-breeders, and horseownere. Price Is. M.—CLEANS°, MANUFACTURING co., ST Moor- fields, Liverpool.

IRPRESENTATIVES required in all large towns to push the lisle of LOCHFYNIS HBRRINGS. Commission will be paid at the rate of so much per box. Agents will be required to make monthly, quarterly and yearly contracts. Only those with thorough good knowledge of the business need apply.—Apnly giving age and references to A.T„ " Examiner" Offile. Warrington.

IDUCaTIO4 subje:ts necessary for a Pro- fessional or Business Uareer TAUGHT BY ELPSHTS. Languages by native Profenors. General education as the best schools brought to student's own home. tipecial tuition for adults. lb,ooo students successfully trained. Fee moderate. For particulars of training in Shorthmd, Booir keeping. French, German, Ciography, History, Science, Mathematics, etc., etc., write for our new pamphlet to CLARIed CORRFSPaNDENCE COLLEGE, 1,2 I,r 3, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON,

lUell2l-3.—ROSHOOMI3 BLUM headed by the Manchester ..I.j winning Lecck, 3s. 6d. for 13.—A. PRESCOLT. Astley Manchester.

BLAOK MINORCA WEIS, fertilo,Pitt.'s strain. 3s. sitting Carriage pald.—liuminneoN, Vir Tree Inn, Caven- dish, Suffolk GGS.—CHICKS, COCKERBLS, 20 breeds. Send for catalogue.—HEDLEv CLACK, Utility Poultry Farm, Standlake, W Itnev.

TIIIILYMOUTH ROOK EGGS. sock bred direct from Palace 1 cup winner, 31. dcz.—Mrs. LYNDEN-BELL. Hawley, Tadley. Basingstoke. VW/S.—PURR BARRIE/ ROOKS, G. Jackson's direct. JCS ss. per sitting 13 ; Inspection invited.--JOHN STOTT. Joiner, Wardle, Roclidaie.

A YLESBUHY EGGS from prolific ducks. mated to Read- Ing College ; drakes 4s. doz.—Mrs. BELL. Hawlry House, Tadley. Basingstolce GOLDE tf WYANDOTTE i.—The best utility fowls —Egg, from prize-winners. 3s. 63. tor 13.—H. CLIFTON Meuntals; Farm. Westbury, Salop.

MINiiROA. BOG mS, from grand pen headed by Cockerel" second He.keth Bank, h.c. Bolton, only timLs shown uofertllas replaced ; 4s. sitting.—/toWsOX, Larches, Ashton, Preston. I-240u FOR SITTING, from White Wyandottea ; Tam- Et rnselges noted strain ; excellent layers ; 3s. Sot, sitting ; clears replaced —H. Cacao, 103, Leyland lane, Leyland, near Preston.

I OLD and P.I.IIThIDG "8 YAWL° OCR etiti 6, absolutely lir the best blood that can be bad, mated to breed winners. 38. 6d. and 5. 6d. dozen.—Mrs, LAIsCIDON. Sudbury. Suffolk.

GGS YOH HATCHING from best selected laying prize L. stocit, Buff Oroinsitoos, Silver-laced Wyandottes, and Aylesbury Ducks ; 3s. for 13 eggs.—MEADOW HOUSE. Brom- borough, Cheshire.

VGGS from Noted White Leghorn*, also Black Minorcas, Winners of Special first and seconds ; good layers ; uwertiles /eplaced ; best pens So. 6J. doz.—S3ILLLEY'II West Bradford, Clitheroe.

REX. ARTHUR 1312ANU G IDR, Bradfield Rectory, Read- ing offers eggs trom Ms record laying strata pure Buff Orpingtons, 41. sitting. Carriage raid, unfertiles replaced— Orders executed per return.

EGGS FOR SITTING.—From pure bred. Black. White and brown Leghorn', Blau( UM:Lorene and tiondans, .3a. per aitAlng ; unfertHea replaeed.—J.LMES WILKINSON. 9, Edge Hall rd., Orrell. Wigan.

1.4 GS from large f ure white LEGLIORNS everlasting A layers 2s. 61. sitting. Also eggs from prize bred Minoress Pitts and Websters Strain, Ss. 6d. pee RITITEII, Acton Bridge Northwich:

EGGS' PUBIS MOW WHITB LIsOHOUBS, aiao Buff Henke, hard fell birds, unbeatable laying otrains 21. 61. doz., First Cross Houdin White Leghonp, 2s. doz.. splendid layers. —CAM, Bnokbarrow, Ulverston. ECGS. From High-class White and Silver Wyandottes, Theca Langsbans, Black ,Minoroat, bilver siampines, Brown Leghorns 3s. 61. sitting clear replaced. THOB. E. MANSERGII, Tottington. Bury. Lancashire.

UGH'S PO it SITTING from pure bred birds. Buff Orr)log- _LA tons, Black Minorms, Black Leghorns. /Lothians. Blue Ancialusians, Silver, White and Partridge Wyandettes, 23. 6d. for Li.—TAYLon, Poplar yarns, Hough Green. eildlOKStiS PURE HUPP OftPINGTONS and Silver Wyandotte. (elrnon Huaters), two weeks Bst, three Bs. Bd. dozen good mothere 4E, from selected layers, live delivery. eggs 33.—Ammukr,The Lime., Hadley, Shropshire.

IDLAN GAM ISCiti-..—Brize bred, large birds, Frayne and Brent's strain ; first pen, 43. ; around. 3s. dozen ; uniertlles replaced. Blue Andalusian llggs, prize bred ; splendid layers ; 3s. Ed. dozen.—T. PARMINTER, Mears Ashby, Northampton.

QPRINGseIIiLD YOuLTHIC FARM, liroadway, Blackpom LI —Eggs for Sitting from high-class eelected layin g strains ; duffs, Rocks, Bra limn% PdlnornAe, Leihorns, and% barians. I. Game, am, the Celebrated Aylesbury Ducks from Ss. per dozen. Chicks and Due lings from 101, each.

VIOKOLLS WARD.—Winnere 800 prizes ' • have sittings II from their famous White Leghorn., Minoreas, Silver and Dark Dorking!, Buff Boeks, White and Silver Wynn- dottes, Lakenveldere 3a6d to Ns. 64.; carriage paid. Apply fcr catalogae, POULTRY YARDS, Claverley, Wolverhampton

paGGS for bITTING fram splendid pen of Black Leghorns, _LA excellent layers of large eggs (b years test breed) give these a trial and you will never regret it ; 3.. 601. per doz.. 2 doz. carriage raid : unfertiles replaced it returned no bunday busiriess.—.TAMEs AmileVresUrif. 112 Cemetery rd., Adlington, Lancashire.

10Cit_43 FOR BIITIN3r from White, Brown, Buff and Black -12.14.LLeghorns ; Lee's and Rodwell's strain from Crystal Palace winners ; all good rellAble stock birds, and the best laying strain obtainable • also old Buttlish Spangled Game, Houdans, Miser and White Wyandotte'. unlimited range, 21. 6d. per sitting , untertiles replaced ; satisfaction guaranteed.—AßTUUß StIoWDEtt, Cowling via Keighley, Yorkshire.

„ GOB FOR SITTING.—In retwning thanks to my , numberless customers for past favour I again invite an Inspection of the following pure breed' of fowla Black Minorca, Black Leghorns, White Legh.iens. Buff Leghorn'. Brown Leghorn'. Blue 4 ndalusiAns lloudane, Indian Game Barred Rocks, Golden Wyandotte', Silver Wyan- dotte', Lancashire Buff', Buff Orpington Black Orpington ; also thedollowing first crosses male oird curt Indian Game and Lanahan ; Lanehan and flick Orpington, Houdan and White Leghorn, Black Minorca and Black Leghorn. All these 2e. 6d. per sitting, all home packed and put on rail 3,, Indian Runner Ducks same price ; also a special pen of Buff Orping- ton and Lanshans 3e. 6.1. per sitting.—Address, Newton-le- Willows, HENRY DRAPER. 205, Newton rd.. Low:-.on ; a few minutes walk from Lowton It. Mary Station, one mile from tram car. No business done on Sun,lay.

TO BB SOLO, the leasehold premises, lately occupied by Ne artingion OLiemioal Company at Sankey Bridges Warrington.—Apply Wu Ldklat and SEGSR OWxN,Aretiiteete, Warrington,

4;;;UNNY SOUTHSBA.—To Let wort for Sale, Mansions from £I3O yearly ; up-to-Jate, £55 and downwards. beverAl equities of good weekly freeholos. all let, good teuards.— Apply AGENc c, 159 St. Augustine rd., Southsea

LT aID.--FEWSHOLD LAND, in many countiell, for cottage, shop, farm, or mansion ; plots from £lO each, or £2O per acre (good roads), payable) by instalments, free deeds ; houses, shops, and bungalows.—Mr. BRAKE, Farn- borough, Hanle.

I eDY has for DISPWAL DANDY, 15 hands, 6 years ; Li warranted quiet ride, drive, sound wind, eyes, fit for ,how ; fast, good manners ; suit nervous person, quiet to all traffic, stand unattended; vet, examination, 14 days' trial, £b; o.,vernese Car, ilarne•s.. 23, LINCJLN MT., Longa ig ht Manchester.

ik7sslCo buDotilriu for lame or unsound Horses.— V Vesico Sudorific is the quickest, safest, and most famous remedy for Week Joints, Is prattled Sinews, Diseased Bone, Puffy Swellings, and all ailments, causing lameness. price 2s. 6d. or 56., of Chemists, or post tree —OIIEGORY CO. Temple, Bristol.

"VORFOLIC COAST.—Amidst pine woods and sea air. 11 Guests received throughout the year. Own grounds of many scree —Write DILI'. BROWNE, The Pines, ;Ceiling Heath. Holt. Norfolk.

Hl. OLIDY SEASON.--Visitors requiring Apartments at any of the Central Wales Spas (Liandrindod Wells. Llanarrbyd Wells, or Llangammareh Wells) shouid advertise In the Radnorshire Standard," Llandridod Wells. Only visitors' list published. Poet tree, lid.

LONDON, W ILD'S TEDIPERANCE HOTELS ',MTH!). 34 TO 40 LUDGATI4 FULL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON :::QUARIS. Hoar COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

BEAUFORT BO AIMING ESTABLISHMENT. 74, tc., LADBROKI4 GROVE. HOLLAND PARK, LONDON, W. BACKS PRIVATH SQUARE:. Spacious Dining and Drawing Rooms, Cosy Smokhag and Reading Rooms ; near Tube and Metropolitan Stations, within easy distance of City and river (Richmond). from 23e. weekly.

BUR YIITWITH. T" BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most comfortable Family Hotels In Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms frlin 23 guineas per week, or Sc. per day. wording to Bedroom. Hod, break- fast and attendance from 6s. Table d'Hote at 6.33 o'clock For TARIFFS &c., apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

SBED POTATOES, FINDLAY'S 'ELDORADO." (guaran- teed true stock) rs. per lb ; tubers is. 6d, pr oz. Find- lay's " Northern Star" true stook. Es. 6d. per 14Ibs. List free,—H, MORGAN, Nash Tenburv. Worcestershire. PROTEOT YOUR BUDS FROM RAVAGES of birds. Tanned Netting, 35 square yards; for Is. Will not rot if left out In all weathers Sent any width. Carriage paid on all orders over 6s. Cash returned If not approved.-11 J. GASSON, Garden NettLg Works, Rye. JpßßE.—lnteres tlng Gardening Pamphiet ; Containing re markable discoveries for producing luxuriant Blooms, Fruit, Vegetables, making prize-winning easy • gardening profitable ; success certain.. To convloce you will siend large Sample Tin for le.— WITH'S Fertilising Experts, Hereford. (-19.11BAGE PLANTS, Strong Autumn sown, Enfield V Market, Offenbam. Reinhart], Robinson, Brumhead, early and late. 3s. per 1,000 up to 10,030, over this number 2s. 6d. per 1,C03 Dos Lettuce, Hick's Manly, Hardy Winter !llhlte, ss. per 1,000; cash with order. THOS. OREENFIELD, West Chiltington, Pulborough, Sussex.

1111114BST and Chespest MANURS for Farm and Garden, an JJ effectual remedy for fly, slug, atc., Native Guano, price 70s. per ton, in bags ; 2 ton lots carriage paid ; lewt, hag paid to any station In tinglaud for 53.—Write for twenty-ninth year's testimonial, NATIVE GUANO Co.. Limited, 29, New Bridge Street, London, 8.0. Agents wented.

FLOW IRS l—Hatraordincry Offer of Genuine New Flower Seeds, in penny packets, including the following well- known kinds, each kind in separate packets Canary Creeper, Chrysanthemum Convolvuluo,liverlasting Flowero French Marigolds, Aster, Godetio, Sunflower, Inolass Pink% Scarlet Llnum, Lobelia, Mignonette. Musk. Nasturtium, NeniopLila, Pansy, Sweet Pea, Ten-weeks Stock, Virginia Stock. Zinnia, and many other kinds. One penny per packet or 20 packets 10. ; sent post free to any address on receipt of stamps or postal order. This in without doubt the b-st shilling's worth ever offered. —CITARLEB OWN.N. The People's beedsman. Oskengates. listablished over 33 years. Write for Catalogue, froe.

rift WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE IixAMINCH, Mimi every Saturday morning. MEIN RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Friday after 1 noon. It is the best weekly paper is the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest iaciiities to Adver- tisers. THI3 WIDNES ISELMINER, published every Friday after 1 noon. Manes contains the largest number of chemlen works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly grow- -lin centre a industry. THU HARLESTOWN AND NEWTON NTAMINER, published every Friday afternoon,. lIIHR Si. HELENS EXAMINES, publishes every Friday 1 afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APAR.:MENTS TO LET. HOUIES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS 'WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Rix Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

L,. ‘4 7 - Athletics ...,,,, , . 4,,g;,-,4, ton. .' 1 ~,k,A;C..."'? 14'4 g ' '44 0 447, .. f*, C COME EASY , ~.e..---- ''.. tx, •..+4 .1 1., t 4,4 ,•.?, ", si... . 9.0 DL BECAUSE of -. \` i•A`..4% 4. :je ' , ....rx - if - . -.I ~,..4 • -; ~.z.: ~ ____ • . .....,..„,-itto 4 ,AV es, onitio ~.e. • . .._ ~,. •---tv 4:.„.)....„—,. --e."'"`",f,': ' Alt). i. -: 5 N, BECAUSE, being absolutely pure, and charged with the natural essentials of , . 1 REM PRICE-3..4 , '''•-- physical support, it keeps the limbs supple and active, arta imparts strength and force .. to the system generally. f 6: d. 4 Packet 51 1 ' .‘.--. . . N , A Stitnulaut it) a True aoo Healthful Seose. 14-1.0. Tin 72e. f j Black Cs. White says—" Reduced in price, ---,-= HEALTH says : "CADBURrs Coootl has in a Mr. LAUNCESTON ELLIOT, the famous AND OTHER ly but • the quality arid ~-,solute purity will be L; ~... T' remarkable dekree Me u se natural elements of sus- Athlete, says: "I find nothing so strengthening SUMS. _, maintained in every way tenanee which give the system endurance and hardil.ood." and nom-IV:mg after a severe feat of strength." • - -9:511.119=0:631T=09601:1912r.,===7/INZWONwemP.-- - • i•' ' j

After Measles and in Whooping Cough After measlet, Angler's Emulsion quickly and surely heals the diseased tissues, builds up the general health, and preserves from dangerous after- effects. In whooping cough, it greatly relieves the spasms of coughing and- retching and prevents catarrhal com- plications while at the sam., time it improves nutrition and enables the child to more quickly throw off the disease. Doctors prescribe Angler's Emulsion large!), for all wasting diseases of children, and it is used in children's hospitals. c If you send 3d for postage. and mention this paper, we will send you a free sample. - Afinter,s Emulsion (erreet.aust writ NYPOPHOIIPHITSS). Of Chemists, zit}, 219 and 416. or post free from ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., LO., 32 SNOW HILL, LONDON.

-the Influence of the nap is to a very great extent nullified, as a fast travelling ball is but little affected by the nap of the cloth. . In playing the !stroke shown at B with any strength, the cue ball never travels in a straight line to the pocket. When the stroke is successful the cue ball goes from the object ball almost, to the cushion, and then travels close to the cushion all the way to the pocket, much in the way shown by the curved line on the diagram. The explana- tion of this is that in all strong screws (with the single exception of straight screw-backs), par- ticularly AN hen the cue ball is close to the obi' ct DIAGRAM 04. , , 1. , - A : ; ....... ••• - J ...-i, •- - , ---. • 1. .. . - . .- . - . .- ..., . • .. ‘ .... ~ _ ... , - ... - • ...:** ~...,:.; r• ••• ...r ow ... —..

DIAG. . /A%4 II 411,C11 r 1111 1 I I 41 is ts •‘,lches from!

i,, ...4, t , 1;4:4, •, ,0' '% ,41. ft, :40, . C / ' • !IrV"lo.," L. '. giiiii _ - THE . . t4111,1„E ROYAL eJ 11" r "Made like a Gun." ENFIELD BICYCLES • - £8 85. to Lid s. EASY PAYMENT SYSTEM gt‘l MOTOR BICYCLES -O- . 35 ons. is framed to meet the 74 , A -.1 MOTOR CARS - . ROO LO 475 lans. requirements of honest buyers who are not able ART BOOKLET free from-- to pay the full Cash Ashton Hayes. CR AGG & SONS, 32, Price at once. - Cburch-st. ".'r'.'ATI:TRES have been W. R. BADROCK, Cycle T. taI'OTLE, Central Cycle 11111 k , (....., dri...wo Lymm, Depot. ALL OBJECTIONAI3LE eliminated, becomes your absolute property after J. B. TAYLOR, Ironmonger the first payment. Runcorn, W. BOOTLE, Cycle Agent. "ffilriligialagiall Warrington, W. H. BELLIAN,Sankey-st. matow•--

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE. F GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. B Y BADE'S PILLS. "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Mona Cottages, Coalville, Leicestershire, June 4th, 1904. Dear Sir,—l thank yon for the good I have received from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two months ago and tried almost everything, but got no better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that AFTER TARING THE3I MR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE. CURED. I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs Beings miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks to your Pills I have never Ott the least pain since. I recommend them to everybody myself. Yours gratefully, JAMES WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUTTILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in- jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is 10 and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor OHORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EIEUMATIC PILLS.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE op GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. 1 BY EADE'S PILLS. "I TARE NO OTHER!" 13, Robin Hood-street, Isle-of-Wight. November 29th, 1904. Dear Sir,—l feel it a great pleasure to drop you a line to say how much good 1 have derived through using your Rheumatic Pills. I have had Rheumatism off and on for-several years. I was recommended to use your Pills and SINCE USING THEM I TAKE NO OTHER. I have likewise recommended them to others and .they also wish me to let you know what good they are doing them. I shall recommend them to all I know suffering from Rheumatism. You can make what use you like of this. I remain, Yours truly, JOHN CHAMBERS. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. • Sold everywhere in bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for kamps or P.O. by the proprietor,) GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. EADE'S GOUT 80 R \ A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, _ WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet V,'C think the idea might improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. and we. find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppcfs. Others might be used but . COCKLE'S PILLS as tested by mafiy thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be - set down as the best.—Observer. eeeKLE,s , FREE FROM MERCURY. ANTIBILIeus OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS•• For BILE, LIVER ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. Further Protest Against the Expenditure. • ---- , The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural , District Council was held at Dutton on Tuesday when ' there were present: Messrs. S. Woodward (presiding), C. Roylance, J. Bolshaw, H. Eyes, J. Mounfield, Egerton Warburton, J. Stokes, J. Whitlow, A. Broome I T. Baxter, H. M. Davies, C. E. Linaker, J. H. Davies, J. Smith, T. Wright. H. Mawdsley, T. Guest, W. Harrison, S. Horton, J. L. Jones, E. Bretherton, C. Horton, R. A. Chrimes, J. Fryer, Spruce, W. M. Morris, J. Rutter, J. Hallows, J. Whitley, R. Billington, C. E. Linaker, j jun., J. Mounfleld, A. J. Guest, G. P. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), Swinton and Diggle (Sur- veyors), J. Farrington (inspector), and Dr. Adams (medical officer). WATER SUPPLY AT PRESTON-WTI-I-HILL. Mr. James Whitlow reported that at the annual Parish meeting for,Preston-olh-Hill, a resolution was passed lh asking the District Council to take steps to compel the Manchester Ship Canal Company, the London and North-Western Railway Company, and the North Stafford Canal Company, to have the water supply con- nected to cottages otvned by them in the township. I Mr. Ashton said he had written to the three firms ' named. He did not think there would be any difficulty as the firms seemed willing to do what was required of them. THE INCREASE IN THE RATES. The clerk read a resolution adopted at the annual parish meeting for Stockton Heath calling upon the Council and the County Council to exercise a ' greater economy in the matter of expenses. I He also read the following resolution adopted by the ' Parish Council of Frodsham :—" That this meeting views with alarm the continued increase in the rates,and more especially lathe calls for the County Council, and i ask that n the interests of the ratepayers a check should be put on extravagance." No comment was made upon either resolution. ALTERATIONS IN CHURCH-STREET, FRODSHAAI. The Chairman reported that the committee appointed , visited the site of Mr. Jones' property, Church-street, j Frodsham. They thought that if the owners of the lower property were prepared to carry out the suggestion that they should contribute £lO the District Council would be recommended to erect a wall the whole length. In , the event of the property owners not agreeing to that , suggestion. The Council would be recommended to accept the offer of Mr. Jones and allow him to enclose I whatever land was necessary in order to straighten his line of frontage. DRAINAGE AT LATCHFORD. Mr. George Pilling wrote stating that the Latchford Parish Council had passed a resolution asking the District Council to take immediate steps to alter and improve the drainage of Latchford Without. The Clerk was instructed to write to Mr. Pilling for particulars with regard to the request of the Latchford Parish Council. I •

BREAKFAST IN BED • Mrs. A. Wilkinson, of Nelson, had to have break- fast in bed for tuonths,owing to Wind Spasms. She took 3 boxes of Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Now she writes :—" Ican get up and make breakfast for the whole family without ill effects. My sister who suffered from weak kidneys took one box, and it has done her more good than pounds spent on Medical Men." Holdroyd's Pills are a positive cure for Backache, Lumbago, Rheumatism, Dropsy Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Kidneys, Gout, Sciatica, ex. Is. lid., all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medical Hall, Cleck- heaton, Yorks.

That Plague INDIGESTION is often caused by Food not assimilating, and by a lack of ingredients that aid digestion and stimulate the Liver, and this CAN BE OCMTER,3O3/12) BY . the constant and regular use of an article possessing the necessary stimulating qualities, and there is nothing to equal . ALVINA TSAABLLTE Sold in ilb TINS, at 3ld. each. Beautifully fine, can be spread freely over Food by the use a Handsome Glass Castors 3d. each, which keep the Salt free from dust and germs. From all Grocers 6id. the two articles ; or from the Proprietors: . W. H. FLETT, Ltd., Liverpool, For gd. in Stamps, Postage Paid. •

For PILES 100 YEARS REPUTATION Ds- "DR. ROBERTS' POOR MAN'S FRIEND." Mr heat Antt3rptic Ointment for Woumbi and Skin Inte,es. HEALING,. COOLING, SOOTHING. Of all thenasta, or of BEACH SG BARNICOTT Ld., Eridport. 015 F. Pric,s 11} V 9 46,5 t. Post Free. &,.d/or Pamphlet. 4.

SILVER WATCHES. FREELY GIVEN AWAY. To introduce our famous Picture Postcards (of latest design and most artistically finished), we have decided to offer Watch entirely free to every customer who orders during the neat 14 days. On receipt of £O. for is. and 3d. In stamps for postage, 8.c.. we will send the Packet per return along with our generous offer of a silver watch free (Lad y's or Gent's), The Watch Is fitted with Solid Oliver Case, first- class raovement, and will keep absolutely correct time. All we ask Is that when you receive the Cards and this w3nd er- ful offer you will show our goods to your friends, and draw their attention to this advt. Write your name plainly, give full postal address, enclose value le. 3d., and send to N. AND R. BROWN .S; CO. ,48, RINGS CROSS ROD. LONDON.

Goddardb- Powder Yoe CieaningSilverflectroPlatek ;:old everywhere lk 216& 4/b.

FOR --_- Z. 2 • USE :--- . ..., --, :-, , ""1 ~ a)-, I k 4- .•.efi j , 17:: LINSEED A ( esismaismasavVaffiltilliSMl 0 9 ) 0) ki. •: i-rriß,...,r-ccoit,plu • k 14 4)4•1 ' ;40 -, II" 4' i_op sorane=zsamsrataL=4„ar,—.7, • ;17 MYS COMPOUND ESSEECS .V 4 ' op LINSEED ANISEED ETS 65 OA 1•4) A 0" 'lt )7.Z.5-Pctevia% 111 ‘,: _ . . A 3 -- '' 1 INSEED COMPOUND" 18 e. 'lorn e Ad remedy. vernutt

TOOTH -AC I-I E CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Prevents Decay. Saves Extraction. Slee pleas Nights Prevented. Neuralgic Headaches and all Nerve NERVINE Pains removed by BUN rims EERY' NE. All Chemists, le. lid, or poet free on receipt of stamps to D&PoT, 13, St. George Street, Norwich.

yia}trutrkz., 11 4).; There are certain Good Qualities. , _Ail?Lca,c4 ~,,It r,..‘) 4. which every purchaser of Furniture naturally looks for, and ... - rioirgL, ' APatlV' 1... 11 expects to find. Such as, for instance, strength, durability, and a Poill, 1 170--2 N, ' attractiveness of appearance. V.-,--,..4'.5. ARTICLES SOLD BY PITTS'S ARE PERFECT in these points, _ and possess the additional merit of being astonishingly cheap. 1 ' . *Tmt:_,Mgr et i Come and have a look round Prrrs's Stock. It will be a '' .. -- pleasant eye-opener, we can assure you, -ind an attractive one -2 ,--;r712.10 1211110' de , also. Our twenty specimen FURNISHED ROOMS at 7, 13, 18, M, , e,?•101;71*., '.:Nr: 30, 35, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100, ac. guineas each ARE WELL t`. f.; 0 5:4 '':. • WORTH SEEING. '1 -- -rlr'7,-,-,'"--"1-'.-7, ..r •%, -4, ' &'4 '__.,,' FURNISHING GUIDE containing 800 artistic designs, -I>Lki-'7;';•:‘,7- ' 7".'''' priced, gratis, and POST FREE. 1............... PITTS'S MODEL FURNISHED HOUSES, Always on view, Everything guaranteed New, Tasteful and Durable. SEVEN-ROOMED for 200 Guineas. ROOMED for 100 Guineas. Full Details and Photos Posr FVreEel . PITTS'S LONDON ROAD, MANCHESTER.

'TIRED MEN. When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Electrio Belts, write tome, and I will send you a Book, which shows bow every man, young and old, may be quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNESS, EXHAUSTION, VARICOCRLR, and DEBILITY, from any cause whatever, WITHOUT STOMACH MEDICINE, or ELECTRICITY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent sealed,post free, for two stamps.—A. J, LEIGH, 92 and 93,Great Russell St., London, W.C. Over seventeen years' successful results.

V ti , woncterint whter proorer to ROOTS & HARNESS. Sof- , tens and preserves the leather Dales Pleasant odour allow po/Ish• lug with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGHEST A WA RD S. Cluebbin Tins ad.. 6d., V. &alb a/ Boo! Makers, Saddlers, Iranmoneers 6r'c. Mann/actor,. East Dui-inch ,orraeSt

RIDE [ALLDAYS The Best that Money Contractors to the War Can Buy. IDeice, Post Dare. and other ernment Departments. S 'Write for terms and Agents' CYCL -19 Address. Andisyfl& Onions Pneumatic Engineering Co. Ltd. London Showrooms:— BIRMINCHAM. • 20, Bucklersbury, Mansion House, E.C. 4

THE BEST WAY :,f,ia„7:ZiV:ingacquiarenl by experience. Thousands of users find WASHING AT HOME with Bradford's "Vowel Washing Machines Is the best way. Catalogues and full particulars post free from THOMAS BRADFORD & Co., Crescent Boa Works. Salford; 130, Bold St, Liverpool; N letaria A MIU., D.an.geoe. Man (AIWA' ; 140442, High Holborn, Loisdon.

MEN AND WO- MEN Wanted to work our rapid KNlT- *.t4p lei IND MACHINES at their homes. -011%k Taking work for us to sell to the A. rade. No experience; no canvasa- , , ; steady work ; good money o' earned ; distance no hindrance, Wh ITE-TO-DAY. THE HARDY MACHINE AND woorador Co. Dept. H.D.) eu, BROWN STREET. MANCHESTER.

-MERRY WEATHERS HIG -- • CLASS •GARDEN, HOSE 63 LONG ACRE,L,ON,DON. LARGEST MAKERS •OrHIGH • CLAS S'HOSE IN ,THE.VOILD.

iiyrys CuserAsov,l) powDEB, Completely Eupersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. CIRO'S Custard is the one teinz needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. 110 ECCS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

FOR WORMS IN CHILDREN If your child is dull, drowsy and colour- less, occasionally has an abnormal appetite and also has an offensive breath, it is almost a sure sign of intesthial or thread worms which may edgily and safely be got rid of by using IcEATINg'S. WORM TABLETS. At all Cl:mists, xfi ti'r tin. USE KEATING'S WORM TAGLETS.

ROWN & CO.,
