===== 0002601_19050401_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. MART'S LA.TCHFORD, WARKINu TON

SOLEMN OPENING OF THE ORGAN AFTER RENOVATION, AND ER-ERECTION IN THE NEW CHURCH. ON KTNDAY, APRIL ND, 1905, DEDICATION SERMONS, IV:IRVING AND EVENING WILL BE PREACHED BY HIS LORDSHIP THE

BISHOP OF SHREWSBURY TRH RIGHT MINT, DR. WIN). 801emn High Mass, II o'clock. Bvening Service, 6.30. A dollogion to both services —Save, lg. ; Aisles 6d. --____

WARRING TON ziAVING6 BANK HUTTERMARKET-STREET. BISTABLIMED 1818. OPEN DAILY. BRAxcli OFFicE 6, QUEEN-STREET, EARLESTOWN, OPEN MONDAYS 3 TO 5 FicIDAYs 3 TO 5 & 6 TO 8 P.M. ONE SHILLMI WILL OPEN AN ACCOUN C. suMS ITP 10 210 EEPAID or DEMAND. THE STRICTEST SECRECY IS OBSERVED AS TO THE NAMES OP DEPOSITORS.

. Act, withli vim:massing memt. natl.

bets

Town Hall Want ---___ ,

. & LLAN LIN 11. -4-1- RIVER PLAI

VIRGINIAN 8 0413THAGINIAy jo°,OIIAN N.P. ; eu (34151 n. R 7 10e. 427 10e,

lAILL

fbird

OCONTY B )ROUGH. ON WARRINGTON.- Tlla WATHR CONISIITTREI of the CORPORATION PRRPARRD to HFCCEIVE TBSIDIIII,S for PAIN1:1116 PILPHRING at their out stations. pTed 'erg to be sent in not later than Bth April, 1905. Intkinlara map he bad from the undersigned. JAMES Mitts, A.M.I.U.E. Water Engineer. Bank House hankey at., Warrington. 31st March, 19.05.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.—The Corp Oration of Warringtim invite applications from Persons between 21 end 35 years of age for the office of ASSISTANT MARKS I'S IN4l'lllo' Mt and INSPBCTUII OF WHIGHT9 AND MBIASURB3, Wages 355. per week, with bniform provided. Applications, stating age, experience, qualifications, with conies of three recent testmonials ‘riliCh will ot be returned), and endorsed " Weights and "leastires Inspector." to be sent to the undersigned not later than noon on Friday, the 7thapril, 1905. .I,The successful eandidate will be required to pass the exam. Mien of the Board of Trade, under the Weights and Measures - In six months after appointment. -s of the Uounail will be a disqualifies. J. LYON WHITTLIS, Town Clerk. Ington, 31st March, 1905.

—TO CANADA, UNITSD STATS. AND INDIA. ILINGS FROM LIVIIRPOOL. .Halifax and St. John.N.B AO. 6 .St.John'a N.M. Hailfni and Phil Apl. .Halitax and St. John, H.B. Mar. 13 To CANAL/A.—Saloon from ELO. St. Halifax and St. John. NB Se2ond Class, £5 10a. To India,l£37 10s, and 26.t0v0s Jima§

I\TOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Poace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be held a: the COURT HOUSE. KNUTSFORD, in and for the said County, n Mr NDAY, the 3,ct day of April cert. at Eleven o'clock in the FOIODOOD, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. 1 he braring of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow. Macclesfield and Northwich, forming the Knutsford D strict, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted from such Hundreds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knuts- ford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutmford, at the opening of the Gaud on MONDAY, the 3rd day of April next, at Eleven o'clock in the F. r noon. THE COURT will be adjourned to the Castle of Chester, on WEDNESDAY, the sth day of April next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. Tbe hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddie- bury, Nantwicb, and Wirral, forming the Chester D:s- trict, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the' sth day of April nevt, at Eleven o'clock in the Fore- noon. REZIINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 13th March, 1905.

,

===== 0002601_19050401_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
Mak: CORPORATION OP WARRINOTON is pre- 1_ pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Maniacal Offices. Wftrrinaton.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ARTIFICIAL TEETH.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
EDWIN PRYOR, AND SON • •, , 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. I iKA/r:Tt4,za. AWNBILOHERS, t.) E4ELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS DIAMONDS,' GOLD AND SILVER W (BY ALL TICE LEADING MAKERS) SOLID SILVEit 'ELECTRO PLATE AND 01 EVERY DESCRIPTION. 30 in 50 PER 01111iT. LESS TITAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old xtald and Silver Antiques, Diamonds eta., bought or taken in exchange. Stoney advance on Jewellery. Diamond'. Watches, Plate, do.. to any amount at low rates of:lnterest strlet privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
JEWELLERY

apartmcnts,

IL&CE:POOL.—Duptrr HOL'SE, D.alraon rd., Near Aoritz Pier,and Stanon.Corafortable Apartments. Booking Huta

CHM& FORTABLE Home for ladies during confinement. Reasonable.—MAntoN, 12, 11111 Top Avenue. Hound bay, Leeds

CLEAN 00111FORTABLB APAIVIIIHNTS for visitors good cooking, 1.. 6d. per bed per pigtd.-18. Ammer RD.. off Central Drive, Blackpool.

QOUTEPORT.—IiomeIy APARTMENTS ; one minute trona kJ Pier; all modern conveniences ; cycle accommodation ; moderate terms.—Mrs. Priem, IS. Bath st.

DLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, public. prirate or board. LI All Sitting-rooms facing sea. Terms reasonable.- BINTLIFFS, Lyndene. 1 Illndloss Terrace, promenade.

A PARTAIRNTS WITH Olt WITHOUT BOARD, tor one or two reepeetable men. Piano, near Old xacecourse. Barlestown.—Ayyly 8., '' Examine Ofßoe Barlestown.

VORFOLIC COAST.—Amidat pine woods and sea air. 11 Guests received throughout the year. Own grounds of many acres.—Write Mrs. BROWNE, The Pines, _Melling Haath. Holt. Nurfolk.

PGEST can be received in country house. Lady or GebUtleman, pleassnt, healthy neighbourhood near Shrewsbury, close to Church and Post, piano, drives, floe garden.—Apply T., " Examiner Office," ivarrington.

1.1. OLIDAY SRASON.—Visitors requiring Apartments at any of the Central Wales Spas (Llandrindod Wells, Llanarrbyd Wells, or Llangammarch Wells) should advertise In the •• Radnorshire Standard," Llandridod Wells. Only visitors' list published. Post free, 10.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
Otiuratton.

KINIGHTSVILLB LADItCS' OOLLI3GIi (' fieoognised '). Brookley, London.—Student required immediately,

Q ANDBICI SC/100L, CHtlSHlßS.—Moderate Fees. Illustrated Prospectus from Headmaster.

TESITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A ntosr S COCEBBFLIL BOARDING SCHOOL FOB BOlre. W. iiiiNDERSON. M.A.., Principal,

O- XFORD ROUSH SCHOOL. BT. ANN/BS-ON-TRH-SBA? —BOYS Prepared for the Poblic Schools. Thorough grounding andindividual teaching. New, specially destgned buildings new term begins January 20th. Principal I. F. BRINDLE, B.A. (Oxon).

CfiE:•IIIHFC.-WINCH A NI HALL Lostock Gralam. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GI iLS. Large Mansion and Playing Fields. Raceliens Resident Staff. Great successes recent Examinations. 50 Certificates gained last Term. AUTUMN TIMM begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references, views, from Miss PARRRS, Principal.

AIR.ERNEST WILKHS, A.L.C.M., Professor Of Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT. MUSICAL FORld. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134. Lovsta-Larts Warrington.

QOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. Scariabrick V New-road. One of the LARGEST PRIVATE SCHOOLS In the North of England. Staff includes a B:A., a B.SC.. and an ()Meier ci' Aca.iennie etu. Languages, s..leuce and Commercial subjects at inclusive fees. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., F. R.Q.S., Head Master.

-TH E VICTORIA UNIVERSITY OF MANCHESTER II FACULTY OF CIRDICINII (including the DIINTAL, PRARMACRUTICAL Alen PUBLIC HEALTH DRPART- MB .TS).—The bUPeI SR SIiSSP/JS WILL COMM RNCII on TUESDAY, APRIL 25th. The registration of students will begin on this day at 9.30 a.tn., and will be continued during the week isaturday excepted). PROSPEIHUSIF3 giving full informatirn as to courses of study for the /511i1DIC aL and DRNTAL DIiGRK3 A.ND DIPLOMAS. Ac • will be forwarded on application to the Registrar.

AfANCHESTER GRANINIAR SCHOOL Fee. £4 4s. per term. B.B.—Boya entering over 14 years of age pay £5 6s. per term. The NEXT TERM BEGINS AIIINDAY MAY Ist. ENTRANCE EXAMINATIONI the same day at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, forme of application, dr: , may be had at the school. The boarding house in connection with the school is situated In Higher Broughton. The Art School Evening Classes re-open on Monday May Ist. A class for ladies and teachers is also held on Satardav morning.. OWEN W. COX. Receiver

Agriculturat Probate, Vlants, etc.

12 PACKETS choice Flower need., free 7d. postal order. Catologe lc —lf. koliow•w, Oroosroad& Yeighley.

POTATO SEIM owt bags or truck loads. cheap and good From Jastz.ors, Lord's Chambers, Nottingham.

SBED POTATOES.—Fiudlay's Northern Stars.—Guaren teed true. 141b5.. 2s. 6d.---RDWinLeBBor., Ambergate

QBED POTATOES.—Ring Edward VII. seed and ware, Sc. per boat—Apply Wm. MEE I Sox, Whalley Range, Mauchnster.

il&TS.—Bicelsior 13l,a.:11 Oats for seed ; pries 3s. per \._,P bushel, and a few bushel 6 ;rowed seed barley.—Apply to Ronwnv BENNFTT. Speke Farm, Bpeke. near Liverpool.

URSS.—lnteresting GEIRDSISING FAMPHLBT giving 1 valuable information gratis. With's Plant Food, the Magic Fertilizer for Flowers, Vegetables, Sample This ls.— WITH'S MANURE Co.. Hereford.

QBED POTATOES, FINDLAY'S 'ELDORADO," (guaran- k) teed true stook) 206. per :b ; tubers Is. 6d, per oz. Find- lay's "Northern Star" true stock Es. 6d. per Nibs, Llst free,— H, MORGAN, Nash Tenhurr. Worcestershire.

Q ED POTATOES FOR SALM; about 150 tons of Up-to- -0 dates ; a quantity of Garton. and Snowflours ;first year grown from Scotland ; also 200 tons of very good Mangold'. —For price and l'partieulars apply G. Sham, Keeble Bros., Marsh Farm, Sealand. Chester.

PROTECT YOUR BUDS 7ROM RAVAGES of birds. Tanned Netting, 35 square yards for Is. Will not rot If left out in ll weatbers Sent any width. Carriage paid on all orders over ss. Cash returned if not approved.—H. 3. Gassott. Garden Nettlog Works, Rye.

dBAGE PLANTS, Strong Autumn sown, Enfield Market, Ottenbam. Rainham, Robinson, Brualhead. early and late. 3s. per 1,000 up to 10,0)0, over this number 2s. 6. per 1,00); Co. Lettuce, Hick's Hardy, Hardy Winter W bite, se. per 1,000; Cash with order. Taos. GREENFIELD, West Chiltington. Pulborough. Sussex.

BTINT and Cheapest MAISURIi for Farm and Garden, an effectual remedy for fly, slug, de., Native Guano, price 70s. per ton, In bags ; 2 ton lots carriage paid; lewt, bag paid to any station in lingland for 516—Write for twenty-ninth year's testimonial, NATIVE Guaira Co.. Limited, 29, New Bridge Street, London, 11.0. Agents wanted.

FLOWERS I—Batraordinory Offer of Genuine New Flower Seeds, in penny packets, including the following weU- known kinds, each kind in separate packets Canary Creeper, Chrysanthemum. Convolvolue,liverlasting Flowers, French Marigolds, Aster, Godetl., Sunflower, Indian Pink, Scarlet Linurn, Lobelia, Mignonette, Musk. Nasturtium, Nemopl,lla, Pansy, Sweet Pea. 'ren-weeks Stock, Virginia Stock, Zinnia, and many other kinds. One penny per pncket or PO packets Is. ; sent post free to any address on receipt of stamps or postal order. This is without doubt the best shilling's worth ever offered.—CuidtLgs Owes. The People's Seedsman. Oakengates. Established over 30 years. Write for Catalogue, free.

_ PLACARDS. EXTRA LARUK SIZ OITA speciality.

EXA MINER PRINTING WORKS

===== 0002601_19050401_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHED 1838.

RICHARD

JEFFREYS,

88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERMOL, nalen mARIIII AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suit-4.1)1i for Weddo-,, and Birthday Presents, School Prises, Am Terms Moderate. A FINAI COLLBCTION OP 2110101i1tAP; for Orystolecin and Panel Painting.

A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures In the Continental eralleriee.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
illarbiliern, etc.

VCR SALM, Ten Nominal H.P. Gorton GAS ENGIN]; 12 can be seen running; price £4O; a kargain.—LEwts J. MEROYD, West Warn Ironworks, Hamm-, !we, Halifax.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
jitunen

===== 0002601_19050401_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
70 PL YMOUTH GROVE, MANCHESTER.-CASH ACCOMMODATION EI to £5OO. Interest 4s. In the fl. Any distanee.—Apply, MANAGER.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
PREVENTS INDIGESTION.

FALL RIGRTS RESERVED.]

===== 0002601_19050401_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
IVIcDOUGALL'S Pateqt SELF-RAISING FLOUR The Examiner,

"11is gone the round, so I ileet mind idling yoit,'• retorted the heiress, magnanimously. "It signified ' A Tale of Two Cities " " I confess that I do not follow you," the young man said. "Well, 'dam ' is the tail of Amsterdam and Rotterdam, don't you see ?" " Oh, yes, I see now," said Harold, slowly; " but, excuse me, isn't it rather far fetched? It I remember aright, the cities in which the action of the novel takes place are London and Paris." The heiress pouted. "It seems that my little efforts are not to your fastidious taste, Mr. Car- stairs; so let us talk of someone else," she said. "Tell me what does that match mean, which Mr. Ramsden is wearing for a scarf pin ?" The only other male member of the company was sitting very near, and Harold saw that the match was a partially ignited one. Seeing that ideas ran in one grove, he had no difficulty in discovering it to signify An Unequal match, and told his questioner so. " Really, Mr. Carstairs, I shall have to ask you to make me out a nice long list, you are quite an acquisition. Won't you tell me your own title? I'll vote for it all the same."

" Yes," answered the girl, demurely : and they went. The mellow radiance of autumn was every- where around them, and the majestic river rolled at their feet, as it had in the days of their child- hood. Nothing had changed since they parted at this season, they thought, as they sat on a grassy knoll under the mighty trees high on the bank, watching the teams draw the wagons along the white road across the water. Harold told his news, but, as he warmed to the thought of what it might possibly mean to him, th., advice he asked was quite of a different nature to that which he had intended. "Do you think, Hilda, that—if I —got this money, and went abroad to get new impressions for another volume—l might, when I came back, find my little friend something, you know, just a little more. . . 0, Hilda, I love you, and can't go away without sayinv, it. I'm not a mercenary beggar. I'm willing to work like a horse, if you'll only give me a hope." "Then you intend to go after all," faltered the girl, "just because I've got more money at present than you have." " Well, Hilda, it's a bit awkward, isn't it : what would people think of me ?" "It's not nearly so awkward as your speeches," said Hilda, trying to laugh, but breaking into a sob. In a moment Harold's arms were around her, and money, the world, the future were for- gotten, as the beating of their happy hearts drowned the river's rolling tide in their ears. Perhaps Harold will learn some day whose loving belief in him, and farsighted policy prompted the measure which gave a fillip to the sale of his book, and brought his merits before a discerning public. At present the arch plotter was resting her head contentedly against hie shoulder, comforting herself with the reflection that, if wives are morally bound to tell their husbands everything, sweethearts are no so fet- tered with regard to their lovers. " Dearest," said Harold, pressing her to him, as they walked to the boat—of course he had to sustain her by the waist, the banks being steep and treacherous with yellow mud—" I looked upon the ordeal of Mrs. Pilkington's Book Tea with despair—" "Well, you didn't even get the booby' prize," interrupted the girl archly. "No, but it lead to my winning the greatest prize in the world—yourself, sweetheart." Allowing for a lover's ecstasy, the speech was sot unduly extravagant.

"I am bound by secrecy," said Harold, who was anxious to get away, and thought she would dismiss him. The hope was vain, she had still an interest to serve. "Do you know my title, Mr. Carstairs ?" she said, with an air of superiority ; "it's beneath your nose." Harold scanned her up and down, and saw she was wearing two tiny padlocks to fasten her shoes. The allusion was evident. " _Locke on the Understandiny, I presume," he remarked. The heiress was decidedly displeased. "Really, you are too dreadfully clever," she said. "How- ever, the gentlemen don't vote, so it doesn't matter."

Harold was disgusted with her self interest and supercilious manner, and rose to move away, saying that he must see if his sister wanted a cup of tea. Mrs. Odell said eagerly, "Well F' " and he rejoined " impossible," with an accent there was no mistaking. His sister walked oft after a brief interval of speaking silence, leaving him to his own reflections, so he amused himself with scanning the devices of the guests, as they moved hither and thither before him. His eyes at length met another pair fixed on him, eyes (hat were vaguely familiar, although he could not recall the face. Their owner was a beautiful dark girl, of slender, lithe figure, and about twenty-four years of are. She smiled at him, opsitively smiled, frankly, and made a slight beckoning movement so that he was forced to go over to her, saying to himself meanwhile—" I must have a double somewhere : hope I shan't be snubbed for au unfortunate likeness." " Is it possible that you have quite forgotten me, Mr. Carstairs ?" said the girl, as he stood before her.

Of the 7,116 persons who during the winter have regis- tered themselves at the Manchester Corporation Labour Bureau 2,959 were found employment.

"I ought to know the eyes," responded Harold, "but am ashamed to confess that ,I cannot " . . .

"Cannot recognise the girl you vowed to love, and cherish, and protect, when she grew up. Not know the maiden you were to make your wife—squaw, I think you said; our home was to be on the bounding prairie, I remember. Is there nothing left of the scraggy child you fished out of the pond, put your jacket around, and carried on your back to the house P' "Hilda Raybould, by all that's wonderful. What an ass I am! But you know" . . He halted lamely, but the admiring, compre- hensive look must have been quite readable and satisfactory to the girl. " My name is Hurst, now," said she. Harold looked at her, blankly. " Married," said be, with a falling inflection. " Neither married nor likely to be, though I am a rich woman. An uncle in London died, and I had to take his surname with the money." " 0," said Harold, brightening, relieved, he scarcely knew why. " Now tell me all about yourself," said she ; and, nothing loth, he did, seeming to drop easily into the old childish confidence with his former playfellow. But their pleasant confabulation was broken by the voting. Hilda was out of it all, she was recently down from London, knew nothing of the nature of the function, and, as a stranger, wore no badge. Mrs. Odell carried off first honours with Round the Red Lamp—which everyone had thought to be 31-oths; but, although Harold's blank card, which meant No lame, had not been generally understood, the 'booby prize' went to Mr. Ramsden, owing to the champion- ship of the mortified Miss Singleton whom many people wished to please. Mrs. Odell came up jubilant, and Harold in- troduced the two ladies, which ended in an in- vitation to Hill View, for Hilda, and an elderly cousin who was playing the part of chaperon. Harold was enthusiastic over the girl, as he es- corted his sister home, and this lady, mindful of her last failure, heard him patiently, but gave no advice.

The acquaiutance thus made and renewed, ripened into friendship all round, for the Odells sincerely admired the frank, high-spirited girl, whilst the cousin, Miss Martin, was no soared old maid, but a pleasant, cultured woman who would have been a welcome addition to any circle. As for the young people themselves, they fell naturally into the old life of comradeship, save that there was now no talk of sweethearting, for Harold was no fortune-hunter, and accepted the altered conditions without grumbling at his lot. There were pie-nics, tennis parties, drives, and he found these amusements delightful in her company, but their great pleasure was to take train to Oakle Street, walk to Westbury-on- Severn, and there hire a boat to ride the broad waters of the river past the hamlets in which their early holidays had been spent ; or to cross to Longney, by the ferry, and wander amongst the orchard lands there, now glorious with ripen- ing fruit. But who could experience these reminiscences of the happy past without feeling the full spirit which the scenes suggested ? Certainly not two high-spirited young people with an undeter- minate future, and without binding home ties, particulary when the man was a traveller with the mystery of foreign lands and adventure clothing him as a garment, and the girl repre- sented all that is charming in the woman of leisure.

When the truth forced itself upon Harold that he was looking upon Hilda with something more than the eyes of friendship, he comforted himself with the idea that his book might bring him fortune, and so put him out of the category of lovers whose views are believed to be entirely mercenary. But it did nothing of the kind. Messrs. Bur- man, the publishers, brought out the work on the royalty system, it is true, but it hung fire, somehow, and Harold saw nothing before him but another exile to a laud where he could put his shoulder to the wheel at employments im- possible in his native land. The idea of departure, not the idea of labour, made him dispirited and gloomy, and the girl was not slow to observe the change. "What- ever are you looking so rueful about, Harold ?" she asked, suddenly one day. " Got to go into the world again," said he, "to try gold digging, stock droving, or some- thing equally romantic—in tales—but precious prosaic when you leave behind you all the places —and persons you love best." " 0," said the girl, the colour leaving her face, and there was a painful silence for a space. Then she said, "What about the book? I think it charming. Those descriptions of the ancient ruins, unmentioned by previous travellers, are enthralling, to say nothing of the pains you have taken to obtain the rites and customs of the Matabele, the specimens of their language you aim and the fauna and flora of the country." "Thank you, Jdllda, you're a brick. But the public don't take to the book. I'm afraid. There have been one or two good reviews, but the sales are very slow. I must confess to a failure, and go and work with my hands." " And my stay is over in a fortnight. You won't go before then, Harold, I hope ? I want to see the fruit gathered at Longney, and witness the merry-making." " We'll go,, Said Harold, brightening. " I wouldn't miss our last glimpse of the old days together for the brightest future in the world Joseph Shaw, a ten-year-old Eccles boy' stole a birched. trowel, polishe it up, pawned it, and bought two toy alone." Wouldn't you ?" asked the girl, colourin pistols. He had been reading penny dreadfuls, and was " g, but she looked at him direct with the eyes he loved so well. It was a great effort to restrain his feelings at this juncture, but he put the pos- session by, as unmanly. "I wouldn't," he re- peated simply, but there was a catch in his • voice, and he turned his head away. When he Fels-Naptha soap—half the labour looked round again, Hilda was gone. of washing, and washes better in About five days after, he received an unex- pected communication from his publishers. An every respect. agent bad called upon them dud purchased the Soaking takes the place of remainder of the edition, stating that the copies were intended for presentation to the reference rubbing libraries and institutes in various portions of the country. A reference to the fact had appearea, • Warm or cold water. in the newspapers, and the demand for a larger ; edition had come from the booksellers. They were prepared to send in their account, and offer a lump sum for the copyright, or a larger royal- ty. "Let us go down the river to-day, to our fav- ourite ' said Harold to Hilda: " I've some Rood news, and want to ask vonr advice."

Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E a

MR. CHAMBERLAIN'S LANCASHIRE The o ' p•enino• c' ' ccrolasay W4S presided over by Mr. I VISIT. . Alfred &gland, of Liverpool, and the large room was well filled. •ere—llr. W E Brown, B.A. Amongst those present vi . . .E. 1 -- (headmaster of the school), Alderman Bennett, Mr. A.J. ! Warrington Not Yet Selected. i Jolley, Mr. J. Moore Murray (director of education at , Warrington) and Mrs. Murray, the Rev. J. F. Matthews, (treasurer) Judging James Dodds, Mr. C. Jackson Holmes 1 Judging from the latest reports there is considerable and Mrs. Holmes, Dr. and Mrs. Murray, Mr. and Mrs. ' J. Foster Jackson, Mr. T. Milling, Mrs. Gilbert, Miss uncertainty as to whether, after all, Mr. Chamberlain , will visit Warrington on June 3rd. The Executive Jeans, Mrs. Venn, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Ransome, Mr. , George Walker, Mrs. Wylde, Mrs. George Thompson, Committee of the Lancashire and Cheshire Conservative ' Workingmen's Federation met on Saturday evening Mrs. T. Owen, Mr. Theodore Gregory (Manchester), Mr. in F. Andrews (Ackworth School, Yorkshire), Mr. Wm. E. the Conservative Club, Dale-street, Liverpool, Alderman Bennett (Warrington) presiding, to consider the date Turner (Birkenhead), Mr. Dykes A. Fox (Birkenhead), Mr. Arnold Hodgkinson (Southport, secretary), Mr. and place of the Lancashire meeting to be addressed by Mr. Chamberlsin. A letter on the subject was read from Samuel B. Leicester, Mr. Thomas C. Riley (Liverpool), Mr. Arthur Coventry (Liverpool), Mr. Christopher Sir Henry Seton-Karr. M.P., in consequence of which Bradshaw (Eccles), Miss Worsdell (Lancaster), Miss F. it was resolved again to postpone a definite decision pending a further communication from him. The Thompson (Birkenhead), Mr. Graveson (Liscard), Mr. Edward West (Manchester), Mr. W.EI. Hewitt (director report that Warrington is the selected place is there- technical education, Liverpool), Mr. Joseph Spencer fore premature. F Hodgson (Manchester) Mr. T. Silk Wilson (Manchester), . Warrington, Crewe, and St. !Helens, it is further Mr. William Taylor (Oldham), Mr. Thomas 0. Brian stated, are all considered to have equal claims. The (Liverpool), and Mr. J. W. Pickard (Lancaster.) question of a hall has rather affected Warrington's chances; but it is understood that the local officials Prof. Sadler, of Manchester. was expected to address have offered to erect a temporary building capable of the meeting but on Saturday he wired regretting that owing to the death of a near relative he was unable to holding many thousands, be present. ' Opening a new Conservative club at St. Helens on i I 1 Monday, Colonel W. Lee Pilkington, chairman of the The Chairman's remarks were interesting and well- chosen. "In English history" he obseri ed "it is re- local Conservative party, referred to the prospects of Mr. Chamberlain visiting St. Helens. The question ; corded that the greatest event of the year 1837 was the Coronation of Queen Victoria,but I think the historians really, he said, was one of finding suitable provision for , have made a mistake. They ought tohave recorded the gathering. The competition from Warrington, first of all the foundation of Penketh School—(laughter) Stockport, and other towns was extraordinarily keen. —because in that august year I find that this school Some of the towns had places large enough for Mr. commenced." Mr. Bigland went on to allude to John Chamberlain to speak in, but at present they had no Bright's school days in Penketh. His (the speaker's) convenient place locally. They were, however, doing uncle was at Penketh at the same time and, recalling their best to secure his visit to St. Helens, and they might possibly carry it through. ; those early years, he said " There was one thing we i always knew about John Bright • and that was that if any boy was a cheat or acted badly to the others there was a boy with a strong fist who could make him take his proper place." Throughout his life John Bright was prepared to combat wron. or injustice. (Applause.) He (the chairman) hopeethere ntight be other boys at present in that school who would prove to be as noble and great as John Bright. He claimed that the Society of Friends had always stood in the position of progressives in education. He would, how- ever, like to put in a word of warning. Although he was a great progressive he would ask that they might have some little patience and not set the pace too rapidly or force their countrymen to go with them too far, lest the re-action might be too great. Alluding to the contro- versy as to the position of the Friends' school in rela- tion to the national system of education he said it had been contended that if the body received grants from the Imperial Exchequer to enable them to bring the schools up to the highest standard of efficiency there was a danger of the management of the schools falling into the hands of a majority of outsiders, and in that case the distinctive character of the schools might be

===== 0002601_19050401_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. PILKINGTON'S BOOK TEA,

DRUID GRAYL.

"And what on earth is a Book Tea ?" said Harold Carstairs to his sister Mrs. Odell. " I've heard of a meat tea, and other abominations beloved of the feminine system. Does one write one's name in a confession-album, and give par- ticulars as to a fancy respecting Dohea or Son- chong, concomitant with buttered scone or almond cake ?"

"Don't be so laboriously witty and superior, Hal," said his sister : " you have lived so long among roaring cannibals as to have quite lost touch with decent civilized society." " The Matabele are not cannibals, and have the softest language in the world ; much more liquid than the Italian, even," responded her brother.

The young man was just home from Matabele- land, with a manuscript volume of travels which he was seeking a publisher for—as yet vainly. The family estate at Ashleworth had dwindled away owing to the agricultural depression and unfortunate speculation during the last years of the father's lifetime, and the son had gone into the world to try to make his way, and retrieve the position : his sister's future being secured by her marriage with Mr. Odell, a high official in the Custom House, and it was at their residence, Hill View, The Spa, Gloucester, that he was temporarily staying. Said his sister, " Never mind the Matabele and their language. I shall be able to read it all when your book comes out. I intend you to escort me to Mrs. Pilkington's, to-morrow after- noon, so please allow rne to post you up in the latest diversion, and don't interrupt with your rude observations again." " All right, Sis, fire away, I apologize," said Harold, meekly. "Each person attending a Book Tea wears a badge which displays a sort of rebus on the name of a popular novel, or well-known work of litera- ture—so your hook is tabooed, you perceive." " Who's making rude observations, now ?" zaked her brother, mildly. " I am, just to mlow you how unpleasant it is. Tit for tat, and start fresh," responded Mrs. Odell. " Now you ought to be able to give me some good ideas, you've read so many books ; and let me tell you that there are pretty nick- nacks as prizes for the people whose titles are not found out, or those whose clever ideas in the way of design are voted by the majority of guests present to be the most worthy. There's also a booby prize ' for the gentleman whose badge is the most ridiculous—a prize such as an em- broidered tobacco-pouch, pipe and case and 'other abominations beloved by the masculine system.' " "Go on, you resentful—woman," said Harold. " I thought you agreed to make a fresh start, unmindful of my original indiscretion." "I really couldn't resist that last speech: you men are so selfish with your pipes and baccas ' —flake, navy-cut and B.D.V : I've beard the names you see. John's vocabulary, in that direc- tion, is just as copious as yours." As Mr. Odell usually smoked cigars of fine brand, and had only run over the titles so that his wife might " keep her end up " with some samples of callow youth she was brought in con- tact with—to earn the reputation of " deuced clever woman, Mrs. Odell, don't you know, un- derstands a fellow's ways, and all that "—he was not being treated with justice. But he wouldn't have minded ; he was the most easy-going, kind- hearted of men, and, when released from official decorum, could unbend and become a jovial com- panion. In fact he had won more than one " booby prize " solely on his social memo. " Get on to the Book Tea ; initiate re into the mysteries or I'll go and smoke to torment yon," said Harold Caristairs.

" Well, a word or two to that effect won't be amiss," replied his sister. "I want you to be distinctly original, for there's a rich heiress, Rosa Singleton, who is sure to be present, and makes the thing a craze : and one never knows what might happen." Harold groaned. "I see what you are leading up to," he sail, " Can't you let me enjoy my liberty l You're a born match-maker I know, Sis, but you know the adage about driving a horse to the water."

" I know that for years there hasn't been a horse at Ashleivorth, to drink," said his sister quietly. "You don't always intend to be lord of a barren, curtailed heritage, I hope." " By Jove, no," sighed Harold. "But there's my book, you know." "Bother your book, let's get on to the other books," said his sister, who having planted her shaft home, was content. "Now I've told you that Miss Singleton makes quite a craze of the amusement. I mention her name again only to show its possibilities ; for she's really clever. For instance, last time we met, she wore a nar- row letter A, in scarlet, which ran from top to bottom of her dress. Guess what it signified." " The Scarlet Letter, I should say," responded her brother, promptly. "Just what everyone else thought, but quite incorrectly. It meant Innocents Abroad: do you see it ? In no sense A broad. Wasn't it clever ?" "There was an ingenuity about it worthy of a better cause : she ought to be writing burlesques where puns are welcome. I thought they were ousted from modern society." "Not in a case such as the present, stupid," responded Mrs. Odell with true sisterly frank- ness. "On another occasion she wore a card with a grub inside a corn-cob painted on it. Can you guess that F" " I can't," remarked her brother. " It's bs• pond me. I quite perceive that I am the un- tutored savage you made me out to be." "It meant Within the Maze. See maize ' and ' maze 'F Clever again. Admit it." "Another pun." " It's inevitable. What is a rebus but a pic- torial pun ?" "I always thought there was a difference be- tween a riddle and a mere conundrum."

"Well, as you're so clever, perhaps you'll in- vent yourself and me something distinctly novel. I haven't won a prize yet: my poor little puzzles have teen solved straightway. I've been so des- pairing that I almost went on one occasion with my blouse inside out to represent The Seamy Side. You may dress for the title, or wear a mere label, as you please, you know." " I'm very glad you didn't," said her brother indignantly. He shared the old-fashioned pre- judice against a woman making an undignified exhibition of herself. But, when he came to consider the laws of the game, he found himself more hampered than he expected. As his sister had said, the pun asserted itself persistently. It was hours before he could solve the difficulty, apart from this form of IA it, and even when he had hit upon a change, the re- sult did not strike him as being at all satisfactory. However, he was led to a neighbouring house, like a lamb to the slaughter, carrying in his poc- ket a blank label for himself, whilst his sister wore a picture of a semaphore with the danger signal showing, surrounded by moths. He was introduced to his hostess, and to several other ladies present, including the heiress, who was certainly enthusiastic, not to say tiresome— she was so saturated with the business in band that she appeared to know nothing of the works whose titles she was so glib with. "Look around, do, Hr. Carstairs," she said , "are you puzzled ?I am not. See that lady with the word ebb in a knot? That's The Ebb Tide, I'm positive." "Fine novel," said Carstairs , "contains some of Stevenson's best work, I think. Do you? That scene—" "I haven't read it," she interrupted. "It takes me all my time to study a library cata- logue, to keep pace with competitors. Isn't it an interesting pastime? Much better than gossip and music. We are to have Music Teas soon, though, and then Play Teas; then of course I shall have to look up music sheets and play bills. That girl over there with the letter 0 sewn on her shoulder, has not puzzled me. The title is I've an o,7raiiitoe, you know." _ _

" Where tide's the aiitc come in f" asked Har. old bluntly. de u, n, doe,ll L t.O c n. NO particular as that. Ira afraid you toe awfully pedantic, Mr. Car- Oddra. Still, must say that I like to preserve looked round the exact sound myself. Now, for instance : on one occasion I wore it (rum —a small Indian cop- - per coin, you know, the fortieth part of a rupee, believe—which a gentlenuttl friend, a great traveller, gave me. I sewed it on a piece of white velvet which was pinned to my left shoulder. It was the greatest puzzle. A great many people were trying to recall titles which mentioned a mall coin ; and others suggested such roundabout ones as 4 The root of all evil,' 'A part of the property,' and ' Of small ex- Mutt. They were e ,-rly at sea, I may tell Ton. Put your em cap on, do, and try to find the solutiou • "I give you ,mour, Miss Single. kn. that I have, notion."

===== 0002601_19050401_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
Family News

Saturday,

===== 0002601_19050401_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
CO-EDUCATION.

HOW THE SYSTEM IS WORKING AT PENKETH FRIENDS' SCHOOL. --- Vice-Chancellor Dale Opens the New wing,

Founded in the year of the accession of Queen Victoria, the Co-educational Boarding School at Penketh, which belongs to the Society of Friends, has gained an honoured place among local educational institutions, and there was a large gathering on Saturday to witness the formal opening of the new wing which has recently been added to the premises. The system on which the school is conducted is of special interest and almost unique. The boys and girls are taught in mixed classes and, in the words of the headmaster (Mr. William Edward Brown, B.A.),share the same privileges and penalties. They are equally eligible for membership in the literary society, reading circle, field club, or any otter assomaton belonging to the corporate life of the school. So far as possible, they join in the same games. The special objects which the founders of the school had in view are somewhat quaintly set forth in the original document, which states that it was the intention "to establish a school for the purpose of giving a religious, moral, and useful education to children brought up in the pxinciples and practices of our religious Society." It was also the design of the founders to" combine labour with instruction, and thereby to promote habits of industry in the children, as well as for the'emoloyment of the boys in manual labour or handicraft trades, and the girls in housewifery." It is a source of pride and encouragement to those who interest themselves or receive instruction in the school that John Bright, although not a scholar in the building, was taught in a house quite near. The institution has carried on an , eminently useful work and, to keen pace with the times, every effort is being made to adapt it to modern conditions.

The new wing, which was formally opened on Saturday by Vice-Chancellor Dale, of Liverpool University, includes a science laboratory fitted up for practial work in chemistry and elementary physics, two dormitories for boys' a set of music rooms, and better accommodation for the teaching staff. The old block of buildings comprises a gymnasium, work- shops, open-air swimming bath, lecture hall, museum and library, beside the usual Boarding School require- ments, and the playing fields cover some eight acres 'of ground. The cost of the extension is £2,600.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
lost. He did not think, however, that they need fear that the high ideal of education which the Friends had followed—and which was concentrated in the word character—would ever be lost sight of in the future.

The Headmaster then presentgd an interesting report on the work of the school. He pointed out that for many years places had been found for children quite unconnected with the Society of Friends. The number of pupils in the school at present was 61-34 boys and 27 girls. About 40 of the scholars were members of the Society of Friends or were connected with it ; the rest were unconnected. In the earlier years there were two separate schools under the same roof, but the barriers between them had been gradually removed until few traces remained. The tradition of the past, when boys and girls were kept rigidly apart, must for a time hinder the full realization of the co-educational ideal, but he hoped that as time went on the social life of the institution would become more and more unified. The curriculum included the usual subjects of a secondary school course. Mr. Brown de- tailed the gratifying list of successes gained by the students and pointed out that the difficulty in raising the standard of instruction lay partly in the fact that many pupils entered the school at the age of thirteen with only elementary school knowledge and did not remain there sufficiently long. Vi,e-Chancellor Dale, at the commencement of his address, said he felt he owed one of the best and most important parts of his education to that great and patriotic Englishman of whom every Friend had a right to be proud—John Bright. During the 1868 election he as a schoolboy had the opportunity of hearing every speech which John Bright delivered in a campaign of six or seven weeks' duration. He ven- tured to say in all seriousness that he believed that in the speeches he heard that summer he laid as solid and as valuable a foundation on which to build the educa- tion of later life as he could possibly have laid in any other way. He could not but remember all the works of beneficence, compassion, practical loving-kindness and human service for which The Society of , Friends had such a noble record. In offering his congratulations upon the extension, the Vice- Chancellor contrasted the healthy situation of the Friends' school with that of some town schools in close and noisy streets. He was glad the children at Penketh were spending their school days in a place where there was pure and wholesome air and where they would lay up a store of that health which was such a priceless possession when they came to face and to bear the strain of work and duty. The headmasterlhad referred to the exceptional character of the school. For his own part he (the Vice-Chancellor) threw overboard the technical word and he would simply describe it as a school in which boys and girls were taught together in the same class-room and played together in the same field. Once given the system,he thoroughly agreed that the further it could be carried—carefully, watchfully. and soberly—the better for all concerned. He would not say, however, that the education of boys and girls together was the only right way. One of the great and most obvious defects of the English system:of education had been the tendency to adhere too servilely and slavishly to a single type of school. We ought to hope

===== 0002601_19050401_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
f great things from larger variety, and experiment of any I kind was not only justiflable,but wise and helpful. Just now, when the whole of the education system was about to be transformed, the experience of such a school as Ponketh was exceptionally interesting. The conditions under which the education system in many places was being reshaped meant that it would be often impossible to get a good secondary school unless it was a mixed school. He spoke of the absolute necessity of lengthen- ing the normal course if the school was to do all the good of which it was capable. Continuing, the Vice- Chancellor emphasised the fact that a school was not a place in which they collected a certain amount of in- formation but a place where they developed and built up certain :habits— of thought, feeling, and action, the sum and substance of which they might fully describe by the single word character. The speaker showed what a powerful influence tra- ditions, conscience and ideals should have on school life. If they could only add one half to the ordinary course of the ordinary child at school, he believed they would double the effect which forces of the kind he had named had upon the children. When- ever ore saw an institution like the Penketh school developing itself and adapting itself to the new condi- tions of new times it filled one with courage and with hope. "The supreme conflicts of the coming years " said the Vice-Chancellor "are not going to be the conflicts of armies and of fleets. The forts in which , our fathers :trusted for defence are for the most part grey ruins or grassy turf. I am convinced that the strongholds of the future will be the schools of the nation. (Applause.) I believe it because the school, as I understand it, is not merely a place of preparation for the business or profession, still less a mere intellectual gymnasium, but its purpose is something higher and loftier. It is a place in which the powers of our children are developed and trained for service; in which a noble character is built up; and in which our little ones are prepared for the citizenship both of an eatddy and a heavenly kingdom. I take it that that is the purpose and the aim of this school; that that was the thought in the minds of the good men who founded it ; that this is the thought and the purpose oi* those wile maintain it and guide it now and of all of us who meet beneath this roof this afternoon. I trust that this work will be an enduring work and that in the harvest of the future it will be abundantly blessed." (Applause.) Mr. J. W. Graham, M.A., Principal of Dalton Hall, Manchester, also addressed the gathering, and said the opening of the new wing was an epoch-making step. No one belonging to the Society of Friends, he con- tended,ought to have less than a secondary education.By no means must the idea be prevalent amongst them that whichwas called an elementary education was good enough for anyone within their borders. They had a duty not only to the Society but to the nation andithey would have to regard their schools in connection with the national system of education more and more. In regard to ' Government grants, they were at present slight and ' unsystematic, and if it suited a school to earn them there was no harm in its doing so. If in time to come we got a uniform national system of education, religious but free from

===== 0002601_19050401_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
ecclesiastical domination, and if outside that uniform scored an unconverted try. Half-time, Robert- system there were also denominational schools which son's eight points ; Runcorn Juniors, nil. received a subvention from the Government, then and Resuming, the home team immediately pressed, but were not till then would the question have to be settled as sent back by the visiting full back, who found touch to whether the Society would join in the scheme or not. nicely at the quarter flag. Good passing by the home The Chairman said it was hoped to make the school a backs ended in Moran being pulled down near the line. training ground for those who wished to enter the train- The home team were twice penalised for infringements ing profession. in the pack, nothino, resulting. Play now kept in centre, Mr C. Jackson Holmes moved a vote of thanks to the till Lowndes made a good run, only being held by speakers and also expressed the obligation of the several opponents. The visitors now got dangerously management of the school to all its supporters and near the line, till Hunter relieved with finding touch. particularly to the committee and the parents of the The home team then kept up the pressure, having children. matters much their own way. Result : Robertson's, 8 Miss Graveson seconded and the motion was heartily , points ; Runcorn Juniors, nil. agreed to. - At the close of the meeting tea and coffee were ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL served, and afterwards the pupils gave an enjoyable concert,

" OBSERVER " CUP. SEMI-FINAL. WARRINOTON ALBIONS V LATCHFORD BRITANNIA. Great interest was taken in this match, which was played on Walker's Brewery ground last Saturday, and 2,000 spectators assembled. Albions were at full strength, but Brittannia haOseveral of their usual com- bination men absent. The Albion players were full of energy, and after three minutes' play the ball came to the foot of Houghton, who opened the scoring account with a swift, low shot. Stun.. by this reverse Britannia tried hard to get away, but the Albion forwards came again in a dashing manner, and goal No. 2 was registered by Woods. Houghton obtained the leather, and passed out to Broster, who after tricking several] opponents centred. The leather, however, struck several of the Britannia men, but i t finally came to Glover, who scored. Hardly had the game restarted than the winners were again busily attacking, and Glover further increased the score. Half-time : Albions, four goals ; Britannia, nil. Latchford improved wonderfully in the second half , and were more persistent on the attack. There was, however, no further scoring. Final : Albions, four goals ; Britannia, nil.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION.

P. W. L. D. For Agst Pts. Warrington Albions l4 13 1 0 36 5 26 Lymm l5 9 3 4 37 14 22 Crosfields Latchford Britannia Warrington St. Mary's Stockton Heath Earlestown Y.M.C.A. Thelwall l3 1 8 4 19 25 6 Orford Barracks

SECOND DIVISION. Stockton Heath Res Vulcan A.F.C. l6 14 1 1 71 18 29 Christ Church Warrington Central St. Barnabas l4 5 4 5 28 20 15 Widnes 'St. Ambrose VVidnes St. Paul's l6 4 8 4 20 34 12 *Daresbury Warrington St. Mary's Res l5 410 1 19 41 9 *Warrington St. Paul's l6 110 5 21 52 S * Two points deducted for pl vin' oiblo men. Results of Saturday', FIRST DIVISION. St. Mary's 0, Lymm 0.

SECOND DIVISION. Vulcan 3 Warrington St. Paul's 1.

St. Mary's Reserv; 1, Widnes St. Paul's 1. Matches for To-day: _ _ rrnsT DIVISION.

St. Mary's v. Barracks. Referee, C. Taylor.

SECOND DIVISION. - Stockton Heath Reserve v. St. Ambrose. Referee, F. Clegg. Christ Church v. St. Barnabas'.

Widnes St. Paul's v. Vulcan. Referee, P. Foulkes.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
HOSPITAL SUNDAY.

Rev. C. Harvey Cook and Workingmen's Efforts.

The congregations attending the various places of worship in Warrington on Sunday were once more afforded an opportunity of showing their appreciation of the noble work of the Infirmary and Dispensary by con- tributing to its funds. The need for liberal help was perhaps never more urg,..nt than at the present time, for it is obvious that the continuous increase in the number of patients must soon demand a scheme of enlargement. It is hoped that the response to the appeals from the pulpit will show an improvement upon previous years. The REV. MORLEY STEVENSON, principal of the Training College, preached at the Parish Church on Sunday morning and contrasted the condition of the world, before Christ came and afterwards. Before Jesus Christ came, he said, the sick were absolutely on- cared for unless they had wealth. If a person was ill his friends and neighbours deserted him and left him to die. Any idea of ian institution in which the sick could be cared for was absolutely unknown. Sickness and disease were met with a callous, a heartless and cruel indifference. Christ by example healed the sick, and He cared for the bodies of the people quite as much as he did for their souls. He did not turn away from loathsome diseases. The Christian religion had brought us the Christian physician, who often enough gave his services without pay, visited the homes of the poor and brought with him life and cheerfulness. People like Florence Nightingale in her work in the Crimea, Sister Dora in her work in the " Black country," Father Damier in his work among the lepers, testified to the result of the3eaching of Christ. Now, if they looked round Christian England,they would see no callousness, no cruelty, but on all hands efforts were being made to comfort and heal. All was due to the leaven of the teaching of Jesus Christ. With reference to our own Infirmary it was a fact that it had never had such a busy year as the past one, never had so many cases been treated, and never before had we realized its inadequacy. It was not large enough for the wants of the tewn, and he therefore urged the congregation to do their best to help such a noble institution. At Wycliffe Church, the Rev. JOHN YoNon appealed for a more liberal contribution than in former years to i the funds of the Hospital, as it was n need of increased su opprt. Preashing at Cairo-street Chapel on Sunday evening, the Rev. C. HARVEY COOK said that according to the ethics of some folks at that present day, the time to give a man a thrust was when he was down; but accord- ing to more humanitarian ethics,when t). man wa.l down, then was the time to give him a helping ihand. It was this sentiment which was in their hearts that day as they made an offering to the Warrington Infirmary. There was much to depress and sadden one in their common, every-day life, but there was also much to cheer and hearten them. The fact that a working men's committee, by their good organization, had secured nearly £l,OOO for a local healing institution was some- thing to be proud of. He was profoundly thankful that the working people had done so nobly for an institution that was doing noble work. They were queer minister- ing angels, some of them—sooty, hard-handed, hard- headed, fond of a glass, working hard, living, hard, yet sparing a thought for the poor folks who were down on their luck. However, it was not easy to show how much the men and women workers of the town had contributed to making the needy. We saw that they had given £l,OOO, but we did net see how much they had taken off this gift, by spending .money on things which were causing some of the very ills they had given their hind- earned money to cure. It was splendid of them to give as tbey had done, but what was the use of building up 11 with one hand, and pulling down with the other?

===== 0002601_19050401_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
"WAS WORST IN SPRING !" A Worker's Startling Story.

IRRITATING ERUPTIONS ENDED BY ZAM-RUK.

All who are sorely troubled with skin eruptions at this season should lay t 9 heart the personal expfirience. of Mr. Frederick Perry, cabinet maker, of 45, Pritchard Street, Birmingham. To a" Sunday Sun "reporter Mr: Perry said :—" My trouble began when I was a boy ot 14. I had a break- ing out all over my face, and the doctor put it down to my system being poisoned. After a course of medicine and external applications tke disease seemed to die away but from that time until a few months ago I have always had these periodical outbreaks on the skin. At any time that I caught the least cold, or my blood got out of order, I would have the fearful breaking-out OD my face. It got so objectionable that I had to stay away from the works, as my fellow-shopmates used to object to my appearance. "Springtime used to be the most trying season for me, as then the disease was at its worst. I used to. suffer untold agonies from burning and irritation. At different times I bought all sorts of salves and oint- ments, none of which, however, effected a cure. This state of affairs continued, on and off, for over thirty years. Now lam in a position to declare that my face is completely cured through the use of Zarn-Buk. "After the first application of Zara-Buk, the burning sensation disappeared. I persevered, and after four or five dressings the scabs came off my face just like one great plaster, and underneath was perfectly dry and healthy skin. The skin continued to improve, and after I had used thres boxes I had obtained a perfect cure. Since Zam-Buk first healed my face I have never had the least sign of an eruption." The skin cannot remain unhealthy long with Zam- Buk. Zarn-Buk expels disease, puts the tissues into a healthy condition, and is thus unequalled for all erup- tions, pimples, blackheads, ringworm, poisoned or festering sores, eczema, psoriasis, ulcers, piles, bad legs, diseased ankles, sore backs, scurvy, dandruff, scalp irritation, barber's rash, abscesses, boils, cuts, bruises, burns, scalds, sprains, sore feet, neuralgia and nerve pains, colds in the head and on the chest, and all inflammations and diseases of the skin. Price is. per box, or 2s. 9d. for large size (2s. 9d. box contains nearly four times the Is. 10.); of all chemists, or post free for same price from the Zarn-Bult Co.. 4 Red Cross street, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

THE NORTHERN LEAGUE.

First Division.

RESULTS AT A GLANCE.

*Hull 2O *Swinton *Leigh *Warrington Oldham lO *Leeds *Salford Broughton Rangers *Wakefield Trinity ll Batley *Played at Beverley.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington v. Hunslet.

There was a good gate of about 5,000 people at War- rington on Saturday when Hunslet paid their return visit. Warrington having won the earlier engagement, the visitors came with the intention of avenging the defeat if possible. They were not quite at full strength, Place, C. Ward, and Whiteley being away, while A. Goldthorpe was compelled to take up the full back position. Warrington were as selected, with the excep- tion that Fish was an absentee and Berry came into the threequarter line again. The weather was fine and the ground in good order for a fast game. Teams : Warrington.—Hallam, back : Kenyon, Isherwood, Dickinson and Berry, three-quarter backs; D. Davies and Brooks, half backs ; Preston, Boardman, Shugars, Thomas, Cook, Naylor, Swift and Jolley, forwards. Hunslet.—A. Goldthorpe, back: Smith, W. Gold- thorpe, Hodgson, and Horsfall, three-quarter backs ; Jackson and Ward, half backs ; Glew, Wray, Ramage, Wilson, Brooks, Wilcox, Uttley, and Barraclough, forwards.

Referee, Mr. J. Edmondson, Bradford ; touch judges, Messrs. J. H. Houghton (St. Helens), and W. Jones (Runcorn). W. Goldthorpe started, and the home forwards at once rushed the oval to the Hunslet line, where A. Gold- thorpe effected a magnificent save. Thomas got over but was recalled. Jackson cleared, and the movement was taken up by W. Goldthorpe and Hodgson, and War- rington were compelled to fall back. the attack was not maintained, for Warrington excelling in some quick transfers, Davies eventually dodged over beneath the cross-bar, Preston landing the goal. Clever play by the Hunslet half backs raised the siege, and Hallam dealt with efforts made by Ramage and Smith. Another return to the attack almost resulted in a try to Isher- wood, A. Goldthorpe again shining with a smart tackle. Davies got clear again and passed to Jolley,who knocked on with a clear course to the line. Again were the Warrington men sent back, and the Hunslet forwards, dribbling more effectively, threatened danger. Jackson was afforded more scope, and Berry wss lucky in hold- ing the Hunslet half back 'up when practically opposi- tion had been overcome. The visitors forced the pace, and a shary passing movement led up to Smith scoring at the corner. Albert Goldthorpe crowned the effort by placing a goal from the touch-line. Warrington were early aggressive in the second half Davies and Isherwood each being held up near the line The Hunslet forwards screwed a couple of packs, and Jackson, Hodgson, and Horsfall combined splendidly in a fast sprint along the touch-line. Hallam dealt with this bold attempt in masterly style, but W. Goldthorpe and Smith almost overcame the opposition with another clever combined movement. Smith retired injured. The Warrington forwards improved as the game proceeded, and a couple of smart runs by Brooks and Davies were ably dealt with by Albert Goldthorpe. Warrington ' pressed hard, and a round of passing between Davies and Isherwood led up to Kenyon scoring a fine try. Hunslet rushed the game to the Warrington end in the last minute, and W. Goldthorpe dropped a magnificent goal from near half-way, Result :—Warrington 1 goal 2 tries (8 points), Hunslet 2 goals 1 try (7 points.)

===== 0002601_19050401_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON v. BATLEY.

Warrington brought off their postponed fixture with Batley at Batley on Tuesday. Fish, Boardman' and Naylor were absentees, while Batley had a strong team I up. The homesters were keen on winning, owing to their precarious position in the league, but the Warring- ton men were inclined to rc,›erve themselves for the cup-tie with Wigan. Wretched weather prevailed, and the ground was little better than a quagmire while the gate was the smallest of the season. Teams Batley.—Turton, back; W. P. Davies, Abbott, W. T. Davies, and Johnson, three-quarter backs ; Oakland and Bogg, half backs ; Fozzard, Clayton, Judge, Phillips, Wade, Tebbutt, Wolstenholme, and Hodgson' forwards. Warrington.—Hallam, back; Kenyon, Isherwood, Dickinson, and Berry, three-quarter backs ; D. Davies and Brooks, half backs; Preston, Boardman, Shugars, Thomas, Cook, Coleman, Swift, and Jolley, forwards. Referee, Mr. Kenne ly, Broughton. Touch judges, Mr. H. Sewell, Leeds, and Mr. P. F. Farrar, Halifax. Warrington had first advantage of a strong wind, but I despite this the home side were the first to score. Hallam kicked on his own line, with the result that Judge charged the ball, and scored between the posts, Oakland kicking a goal. After this Warrington reached the other end, where Isherwood was only just prevented from getting through after a strong run. The home men had to defend for a while, and then the forwards broke away in a body to the centre. They got no further, however, and for the rest of the first half the visitors were the attacking party, though they came nothing near scorirg. At the interval Batloy led by one goal and one try (5 points) to Warrington nil. ' Without the usual rest the teams crossed over, and for a long time play was of a scrambling character on a very muddy turf. Oakland just failed to cross, and then Will Davies dropped a goal, Amid a torrent of rain the visiting front rank carried play right to the Batley line, and had the hardest luck in not bringing about a score. Brooks was held under the posts, while Kenyon missed a pass on the line. Warrington attacked strongly with- out result. The game ended in Batley's favour by 2 goals and 1 try (7 points) to Warrington nil.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON JUNIOR LEAGUE. RESULTS UP TO SATURDAY. Points

P. W. L. D. For agst. Pts Latchford Rangers Or ford Hornets Woolston 6 4. 2 0 27. 34. 8 Orford White Star Warrington Rangers .6 3. 1 57... 22... 7 Rylancis Juniors St. John's Warrington Rovers Victoria Park Rangers 4... 1... 3... 0... 20... 26... 2 Robertsons Mostyns Warrington Hornets 5 0. 5. 0 10... 37... 0

WARRINGTON ROVERS v. VICTORIA PARK RANGERS. —These teams met on the Rovers' ground. Result : Warrington Rovers, five points; Victoria Park Rangers, nil. WARRINGTON RANGERS v. MOSTVN'S.—Played on the former's ground, on Saturday. In the first half Crompton, Garmston and Davis each scored a try, half-time arriv- ing with a score of nine points to nil in favour of the Rangers. In the second half Cress scored four tries and kicked two goals; while Davis added another try. Final : Warrington Rangers, 27 points ; M.ostyn's nil. ORFORD NVIUTE STAR V. ROBERTSON'S ENGINEERS.— rhese teams tried conclusions at Orford. The visitors kicked off, and were soon on the home lines but the home back transferred play, and after a series of scrum- mages on the visitors' lines J. Leather was forced to touch dead. From a forward rush Barton scored for the Star. Barber improved. Half-time, Star, five points to nil. In the second half the home men had the best of matters, and finally won by four goals two tries (14 points to nil. Latchford Rangers, ten points ; Woolston, nil. Orford Hornets, three points ; Rylands' Juniors, nil. St. John's V. Warrington Hornets, postponed.

CHESHIRE JUNIOR RUGBY CUP. FIRST RoUND.

ROBERTSON'S V. RUNCORN JUNIORS.—At Latchford en Saturday last. The home team kicked off, and play immediately went into the visitors' half. From a good round of passing, Lowndes mulled and missed an easy chance. The visitors then pressed, but Ashton sent them back with a good kick into tonch. The home team again got the ball, which was transferred to Maguire, who scored a very good try, Ashurst placing the goal. Resuming the visitors took play into home qua:tors, and missed an easy try by kicking the ball dead. The home team again pressed and Ashurst receiving from the pack tricked the opposition, and

===== 0002601_19050401_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050401_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I. 1

===== 0002601_19050401_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The King is having numerous alteiations carried out in the C.stle and grounds at Windsor. The State apart- ments are also in the workmen's hands, and are being prepared for the King of Spain, who is expected at the beginning of June. The young King is exceedingly fond of horsss, and will probably be present at the fashionable race meeting at Ascot. Lately he has developed a craze for motoring, much to the dismay of his own police, and subject, who regard such an innova- tion as rather out of keeping with the traditions of the Spanish Royal Family. Don Alfonso is tall, rather thin, with a prominent r• ides' 0, and is impulsive and , generous in character. He is exceedingly wealthy, even I tor a monarch, as the riches of the Spanish Bourbons in land, jewels. and artistic treasures, are almost with- out equal in Europe. Another Royal guest who will also shortly pay his first visit to the Court of St. James is Prince Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden, to whom the charming Princess Margaret of Connaught is betrothed. I The Prince, who will receive a very hearty welcome in • this country is expected the end of next month, and his ' marriage with Princess Margaret will take place early in July, either in Lo idon, or at Wind-or. Princess Margaret's Future Home.—Princess Marge ret of Connaught, like most royalties, is an accomplished linguist, but she is not very familiar with Swedish, and is therefore now engaged in perrecting herself in that language. This is the nave necessary as the Queen and Crown Princess of Sweden are both more or less invalids, and a large number of social engagements are therefore likely to fall to de lot of Princess Margaret. For this reason she will probably not be able to spend so much time in this country after her marriage, as does her cousin Princess Charles of Denmark. It is a somewhat severe and simple home to which she is going. Stock- holm is a beautiful city, but the Royal Palace is a plian building with no pretensions of grandeur either inside Or out, and the tastes and habits of the Royal family are exceedingly quiet and sedate. These characteristics are also shared by the Swedish people. It is a land of Peasant industries, in which lace-making and the cottage handloom play an important part, and in Sweden practi- cally every woman is skilled in the art of needlework. Afternoon Tea on the Terrace.—Mr. Winston Churchill, M.P., is understood to entertain grist politi- cal ambitions, and it seems that he objects to the House of Commons being made a place of social entertainments. 'Of late years, afternoon tea on the Terrace has become a popular attraction for fashionable society, during the Parliamentary summer. Many members are only too glad to wile away some of their weary hours of their enforced attendance at Westminster, by entertaining their lady friends to tea and strawberries on the Terrace, sPending the time more agreeably in the fresh air,whilst Society women, even if a life of pleasure is the sole Object of existence, are nothing loth to make us of an oPportunity to affect a passing acquaintancs with politi- cal problems. Some months ago it was announced that the Kitchen Committee had decided not to enter into the usual contract for the supply of summer straw- berries, owing to the possibility of an early dissolution of Parliament, hut it is now thought that the Session will run its normal course, and, in that case, there will be the usual social gatherings on the Terrace, in spite of Mr. Winston Churchill's opinion that the House of Commons should be a place of business only. Liberal Hostesses.—The Liberals have suffered a great loss by the death of Lady Tweedmouth, and Lady Spencer, two of the leading political hostesses who used to entertain for their party, during the Parliamentary season. At the best, few of the great houses in London, Wits spacious suites of rooms are available for the Liberals. Those possessing such mansions, are mostly Unionists, and though the political Salon, as it existed in the days of Lady Palmerston has largely ceased to existaet these social entertainments are not without their influence upon Party movements and prospects. On behalf of the Liberals, Lady Hayter, has thrown Open her splendid house in Grosvenor Square, and on the same side figures LadyDenman,one of the most youth ful of political hostesses. Indifferent health has hitherto kept Lady Campbell-Bannerman from doing much enter- taining, but she has given one or two receptions this season, and the obligations of Liberals are due also, in the matter of party entertaining to Lady Aberdeen and Mrs. Asquith. Children are Fashionable.—Since the Queen adopted the practice of driving in the park with one or other of her little grandchildren, the inmates of the nursery have become quite fashionable. They are in requisition in the drawing room, and for the afternoon drive, whether they like it or not. Probably they mostly do like it, as there are few children who do not appreciate being read° a fuss of oven if they are required to be on their best behaviour. If anyone objects it is probably their rilarses, as, though it sounds very extraordinary to say • sO, there are many nurses in the service of fashionable society, who are afraid to entrust their young charges With their mothers. Poisonous Dyes.—Our attention is once more directed 1.3 Y the medical Press, to the dangers of poisonous dyes In dress materials. Fifty per cent of the cheaper kinds Of hosiery we are told, contain poisonous products in appreciable quantities, and it is stated that the public anislyst at Nottingham extracted half a grain of arsenic from one pair of stockings. This is more than enough cause fatal blood-poisoning. Thepresence of arsenic In any garments is bad enough, but in clothing worn Ilext the skin, it is very dangerous, and in undercloth- ing it is best, as far as possible, to wear only the natural tuadyed articles. Stockings of the highly colored I,vprieties should he avoided always, and the better kinds that can be relied upon as being vegetable dyed re in the end the cheaper and safer purchase. Lace and Net.—Lace blouses are greatly seen, and the tference at the moment is apparently for silk Spanish e either in black or cream. This is invariably Illounted upon chiffon of the same hue, and made up "er Bain to match. Net, spotted or plain, is also being Much utilised for dressy blouses, the net in all cases !etching in colour the skirt with which the blouse is :Yens. Net again is being used by the furlong for the 4?w neck ruffles, which have "caught on" tremendously. These becoming little accessories are all round, and smaller than the ruffles of a few sc,sons back, which frequently reached higher than the ears, and imparted a Muffled up effect. There is no denying the fact how- eyes that the net ruffle is an expensive little luxury. Even when built at home by clever dainty fingers, the cost is considerable and the first shower of rain, or even a.little mist, spells ruin to it. Under the most favourable ciorteeumthse cie circumstances ruffle s the net rue is short lived, but when we rt g'htful softness it imparts, and its general hecomingness, it is not to be greatly marvelled at, that We forget its costliness and lack of durability. , About Muffs.—Although the muff destined to be simply useful has now been careful y packed away, the Tuff ornamental is still well to the fore. Hats and ;Stuffs match, being generally in chiffon sad lace, dark hats and muffs being worn with white, cream, or light stumes, and vice versa. Unquestionably the muff possesses great decorative value, also it has a happy icpack of causing its wearer to appear at her best, as it Eves her something to do with her hands. For motor- sog the; new muffs of fluffy rabbit wool, kaitted up to ol.t like fluffy fur, are charming, but they will be found to hold the dust much more than the close furs, genes- '4l3, set aside for this delightful means of locomotion, and are therefore not likely to enjoy a great vogue. _saDainty Accessorics.—Theatre bags, to hold opera a ruses, fan and handkerchief are necessities to smart &ler, and :these cla*nty little items are now being rairro;vith several tiny inner packets which bold a P a powder puff, a bag of rir 3 powder, a box of salve' and a glove buttoner. The newest and smartest bags are built of dull whits kid, embroidered and u pted ia gold, but the heavy lustreless white silk Pectmens with the monogram embroidered in dull White and finished simply with a heading and drawn up With cords of white silk threaded %rah gold or silver. are less expensive, and equally desirable. Bags of simosy drawn lace, mounted upon dull heasy white silk, chiffon round up with cords„and showing frills of white the opening inside, hail from Paris, but much m these are ore fragile, and cistly in the extreme. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
&

MOTOR NOTES.

It is rather odd to find how widely the opinions of motorists differ in respect to the value of a motor car after it has been in use for some little while assure_ ing that during that time it has bean properly while, to and carefully driven. In an article recently appear - ing in the "Daily Chronicle" from the pen of Mr. Henry Norman, the writer asserted that a car, which when new cost £lB5, should, after five years' reasonable use, "be a bargain at £85."

In complete contiast to this optimistic view, a gentle- man, signing himself "Private Owner," contributes his own experience when disposing of good second-hand cars. "Last /ear," he says, " I sold al2 h.p. car, the original cost of which was £425, for £32s,the car having b. -n used less than 6 months, and not having run more than 3.000 miles. Included in the price were extras and spares ce-ting more then. £30."

"The other day," he continues," I sold a car costing £550 last July for £4OO. In this case the car had not run 700 miles, and was practically as good as new. In both instancos the cars were of well-known makes. It was only after advertising for wE3ks in the best of the automobile jouinals that I effected a sale at all." In this case it will be seen that the depreciation for a period of less than nine months worked out at £l5O, or at the rate of £2OO pr annum, which is certainly a sum calculated to deter even the most enthusiastic novice from embarking on the pastime on h;s own account.

As a matter of fact, we feel bound to consider that both Mr. Henry Norman's hopeful view and a" Private Owner's" depressing experience are extreme. If the car belonging to the latter gentleman had really been moderately and carefully driven throughout the shori. time it was in his possession ; if it had sustained no injury through collision or other accident, and if the motor its3lf • were proved to be in thoroughly good working order, then there is no doubt that it should have realised a much better price than was obtained. On the other hand, there are a number of motorists who, being either careless or peculiarly unfortunate, meet with an almost incredible number of accidents in quite a short time, in the remedying of which the outlay of a considerable sum of money is imperative. The cash so expended they are apt to re- gard—when the moment for selling arrives—in the light of an investment made for the improvement of the car and to add it accordingly to the original price paid, whilst, as a matter of fact, there is no doubt that every accident really means far more damage done than is es:imated in the subsequent repairs.

But we are afraid that the idea of a car costing £lB5 when new, running for five years, during which time it covers a fair amount of mileage, and then selling "as a bargain" at £B5, is somewhat far-fetched, Think for a moment of the cars that were in vogue five years ago, and ask yourself how many of them—even though they cost mall more than the sum names—anyone would care to be seen driving now? And there is little doubt that, five years hence, the vehicles which now appeal to us as nearly perfect, from a constructional point of view will then be old-fashioned, and, even in some cases, obselete patterns. Moreover, the prices of cars are coming down and they will doubtless be lower still, later on; so that, all things considered, the chances seem to be dead against a motorist finding a man willing to pay almost half the original price for a second-hand car which is hopelessly old-fashioned and has had five years steady wear.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
KIDNEY DISEASES.

IT IS KIDNEY DERANGEMENTS TEAT SEAWEED PRODUCES ITS MOST BRILLIANT RESULTS.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
MILD AND DANGEROUS CASES ARE SPEEDILY

CURED BY VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC.

The kidneys are very small and sensitive, are great nerve centres, and when there is anything wrong with any other organ they quickly become effected. If the kidneys become congested through cold, or are over- worked and clogged or become irritated, or diseased from poisons, or any excess of certain things in the blood which they cannot throw off, the whole nervous system soon becomes disturbed,and other organs,such as the brain and hegrt, in time become seriously impaired. The kidneys are the seat of many dangerous and painful affections such as severe lancing and cutting PAINS and WEAKNESS in the BACK, CHILLS, FEVERS, DROPSY, RHEUMATISM GOUT, GRAVEL and BRIGHT'S DISEASE, which could not exist to endanger life if the kidneys were doing their work in the way nature ordained. These complaints most generally occur in r arsons possessing little vital or nervous energy. The feet and hands will be cold, and the heart weak; this is attended with weakness of the lower part of the back and a relaxed muscular system together with a dragging sensation in the limbs ; unrefreshing slcap and despond- ency, are also common symptoms. VENG'S SEA- WEED TONIC cures these ailments by curing the kidneys. It is a superior remedy producing a brilliant and lasting effect, restoring the kidneys and nervous system to their normal condition : when this is done all tbe above symptoms disappear. VENO'S SEA- WEED TONIC depends, for its active principle, upon a pure palatable extract of a certain species of Seaweed acknowledged to be the best and safest remedy for all kidney troubles. It has now become the popular remedy, for the medical profession has proved that Sea- weed as contained in VENOS SEAWEED TONIC is an infinitely superior preparation for all forms of kidney trouble. Ask for VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC la. 11d. and 2s. 9d. at Chemists and Drug Storss.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW GIANT MACHNOW KEEPS HEALTHY.

Machnow, the Russian Giant, for some little time past has been the centre of attraction in London, and his remarkable appetite, no less than his enormous pro- portion in height sod weight, has created a sensation. He is not a gourmand, but his daily bill of fare in quantity and quality is enough to cause astonishment. About two quarts of milk or tea, 16 hard boiled eggs, and six to eight small loaves and butter provide the giant with a morning repast; whilst a luncheon at noon consists of from two to thrc3 pounds of meat, five pound of potatoes and a quart of beer. For dinner, he has soup, three to live pounds of meat, fowl, fish, vegetables, potatoes, three pound of bread, and one to two quarts of beer. The day is closed with a supper of 10 to 15 eggs, with bread and butter, and one quart of tea. There are also a few "extras " in the way of refreshments. To partake of such a vast quantity of food without experiencing ill-effects therefrom might be regarded as marvellous, but Machnow has been generous enough to unfold the secret of his wonderful digestive powers. Through his Manager, the giant has just written a letter to the proprietors of Bile Beans, the well-known vegetable specific, stating that after his customary heavy meals he finds Bile Beans to be an excellent aid to digestion and a safe and valuable aperient medicine. Testimony'such as this will,no doubt, prove highly satisfactory to the proprietors of this world-famed remedy.

COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to Kemp's Mer- cantile Gazette, the total number of Commercial Failures recorded in England and Wales daring the week ending Friday, March 24th, was 193, viz. :—New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 106; Deeds of Arrangement registered, 87. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were : Bankruptcies, 125 ; Deeds of Arrangement, 83—Total 208 ; being an decrease of IS. The total number of Commercial Failures recorded during the 12 weeks of the present year is 2,216 ; the total number re- corded in the corresponding 12 weeks of last year was 2,14 s,showing an increase of 101.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, April 1, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

THE PRISON TRII3LTTE.

Lady Battersea told in a lecture at Westminster the other night that when visiting Aylesbury Prison a few days after the death of Queen Victoria she noticed several of the convicts wearing little black bows on their dresses. She inquired the reason, and was told that it was in memory of the late Queen. The bows had been fashioned out of little scraps of material the convicts had pulled out of their boot- laces.

SOCIET Y LINGUISTS.

According to .71.A.P. there are many well-known women who speak and write a number of foreign languages. Lady Mary Fitzwilliam knows eleven languages, and is said to be learning Persian. Lady Ela Russell, a sister of the Duke of Bedford, also has the gift of tongues, and once began to learn Chinese. Lady Griffin, wife of Sir Lepel Griffin, speaks four languages perfectly; Lady Egerton, wife of Sir Edwin Egerton—now Ambassador at Rome—is another excellent linguist; and Princess Blucher, who, although not English, is well known in London, speaks five languages fluently—English, French, German, Italian, and Spanish.

SPRING TOILET.

Lent has given the shops a splendid eximse for dressing their windows in dreams of mauve, from the richest royal purple to the dainty, faint tint that is seen in the lilac sprays used for decorative purposes. Our sketch shews an original spring toilet carried out in various shades of violet. The material chosen for its realisation is a very fine souple cloth. The skirt is absolutely plain, hanging in rich, simple folds; the bodice is much

cut away in front, bordered with dark violet velvet, and fastened with the new tinted pearl buttons, and it opens over a crossover of pale violet chiffon, which in its turn opens over a vest of white Irish crochet. The puff sleeves are slightly rucked, and are finished with gauntlet cuffs at the elbow, softened with tiny frills of knife-pleated chiffon. A dainty little French chapeau in pale violet lace straw, trimmed with wreaths of shaded flowers, is worn with this costume.

GOSSIP.

Who is responsible, asks the World, for the theory pervading so many dramas, that noble ladies sit round in rows after dinner and say waspish things to one another, chiefly on the score of their ages and complexions? The modern author is almost invariably a prey to a series of banal hallucinations that beset his inkpot with the immobility of an invincible obsession. BOLERO CAPE.

A useful little wrap is sliewn in the sketch of a new bolero cape. It is carried out in a fawn cloth of light weight. The sleeveless bolero is made tight-fitting and is double-breasted, fastening on the left side with fancy green buttons. Over this is a double cape, the edges left unheinined, and orna- mented with a narrow black and white braid. The capes are stitched to the bolero a little way down the front, and are held together beneath a stitched

strap of tho material. At the back the straps meet in a point at the waist, the capes being drawn in at the waist by another short strap, adorned with buttons at each end. A turned-down collar of green velvet, having a lace motif placed at each corner, gives a smart finish to this becoming cape. The hat chews one of the newest styles of spring millineEy ; it is of brown straw, and turns up sharply behind, and it is trimmed with pink roses and foliage.

(„cs,n..e':: , _it. / i__ ri /0/ . \, 46 ;,,,:„.- __ wok,' ~.,AA„. .$ , . L_—_-,----_,- • ~,•,..2,...., ~... 1 ."--- r." % ~'...,,____,•-•-.,,,:_•-:-. . - / i , s , . •--- .. , \i.t'PZ•••• . ' \-....; --" ‘ \,\ \)'',l:', \, , )// ‘ \\::.-, ,/ ;# I \ \ , e„--- 7-;

1/4:9:7.' Ii _‘ 0 , ~,, . i , ~,,,,,, , lefirt • )\ . /,',4 ''',' • '4. N:,. SA A k . ts • • , 2. INIt t• (4 V 7 k i t r'• 117 ' 4r ( I ,' • • \

===== 0002601_19050401_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS AND F.kNCIES.

In spite of Lent, there have been several functions in Loudon at which some very lovely frocks have been worn; and these garments are the forerunners of the fashions which will prevail during the season immediately following Easter.

Pale tints are prevalent for afternoon frocks, hydrangea mauves and blues being easily first, and a sort of pale milk-chocolate brown having also a very large share of popularity. At Signor Marconi's wedding a distinguished guest wore a dress of this colour trimmed with woollen lace of exactly the Caine shade, threaded with dark brown chenille. It was,very effective.

, Voiles and canvas, and light tweeds and cloths, are at present the most generally used materials, preceding the soft fabrics of the corning Season. The present vogue of full skirts, says a Globe writer, demands materials of the softest nature, in order that the voluminous folds may fall with grace and artistic fitness. Skirts, both long and short, are worn full and pleated, and therefore stilt materials are quite out of the question. The cult of the short skirt continues.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
To-DA-'s RECIPE.

Rica Sour.—Few cooks make good soups, declares "Madge" in Truth. The reason is that they cook the ingredients too much. Try this one: rut into a stewpan a knuckle of veal, about 41b. of lean beef cut into chumps (not too small), and add onions, celery, carrots, parsnips, leeks, and parsley, and any lean ham or a ham bone if you have it. Add enough water to cover all. Let it gently stew for four hours. Stir it often, but do not touch the bottom, or the liquid will not be clear. Pass the whole through it sieve, and set it away until next day. Then remove every particle of fat, nave ready in a stewpan a lump of butter and an onion, and when this is quite hrowirpour in the soup. Let it just come tc the boil, and then add meat extract, wine, or catsup, anil poor I he soup through a calico bag into the soup tureen. Serve It with sippets of fried bread cut into dice-shaped pieces.

• _ Mistress: "Well, Bridget, have all the boarders gone?" Bridget: "Yes, ma'am." Mistress: "Well, then, let you and I have something decent to eat."

===== 0002601_19050401_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
RATS IN EAST LONDON.

A Girl's Serious Fright.

There is a plague of rats in the East End of London. A girl named Louisa Randall,l2l,Randolph-road, Custom House, London, E., was lilting some boxes in a factory, when an enormous rat leaped out over her shoulder. When she got home her mother was startled by the terrible effect the shock had had upon her. She was a thin, anmmic girl, stunted in her development through want of blood. The fright caused St. Vitus' dance. For four months she was always spilling her food, dropping plates and dishes. When she walked she would throw one foot forwai d and drag the other, like a paralytic, and presently she was actually paralysed all down one side. An accidental wetting led to rheumatic fever. She seemed an invalid for life.

"But one day," continued Mrs. Randall, "I read of a girl who had suffered just as Louisa was suffering. We decided to try if Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people, which cured this girl, would do good. After the third box of pills' Louisa could control her fingers. New blood began to flow in her veins. The paralysis and the pain went altogether. Soon Louisa got up, after three months in bed. " Auiemia had retarded her development, but with new blood she was soon a healthy girl. A little time ago she had three weeks at a convalescent home in Eastbourne, and that completed the magnificent cure which Dr. Williams' pink pills effected. My daughter hopes to begin business again soon, and she is certainly strong enough for anything." There can be no doubt as to the cure, Miss Randall looks now more like a country girl, than a Londoner. She has red, rosy cheeks, and clear bright eyes, which give evidence of her keen intelligence. For many girls (and young men too) Dr. Williams' pink pills have proved the turning point in development, changing weakly constitutions,threatened with decline and death, to sound, overflowing health, because they make new blood. Mothers know why they and their daughters need new blood more than men; but men can be anmmic' too. The weak back, easy fatigue, lack of interest in life, indigestion and general nervous weak- ness which trouble both men and women, need new blood to cure them, and these pills make new blood. Nerves that need new blood to feed them show their need in neuralgia, fits, St. Vitus' dance, eventually paralysis, locomotor ataxy and utter breakdown. But Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people can cure all these things—the genuine pills. It is important to avoid substitutes, and purchasers should take care to see the full name, as above, on the wrapper, before paying.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

COLLIERY FATALITY AT HAYDOCK.

The circumstances under which John Champion, aged fifty-one, of Vista-road, Haydock, was killed at the Princess Pit, Haydock, on Friday night, were inquired into on Tuesday night by Mr. Brighouse county coroner. Several witnesses were called as to thafalling in of the roof where Champion was working, but how the accident was caused was the subject of a long discussion. At last an additional witness, John Courtfield, said he saw deceased knock out one of the props and the 'roof at once fell id. Verdict, " Accidental death." „

BRUTALITY AT Sr. HELENS. John Leary, labourer, of 24. Bold-street, was prose- cuted at St. Helens, on Wednesday, by the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children for cruelly neglecting his five children, who had been removed to the Workhouse.—Mr. E. W. Swift prosecu- ted, and called Inspector Hunter, who said that on the 20th inst. defendant's son came to the police office in a state of terror. Witness 'lent to the house, and found prisoner very drunk in a house some doors away. Three of the youngest children were alone in the house. They sheltered the boy at the police office all night.—John Leary, aged twelve, spoke to his father threatening him. He had seen his father kick a dog's teeth out in the house, and also kill a cat in the house with the poker. He told him he would do the same to him if he told anybody aboutithe cat.—Leary was sentenced to six months' hard labour.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

DEATH OF A RUNCORN BOATOWNER.

Mr. died suddenly on Sunday at the age of seventy-one years. The deceased was a boatowner and carrier, having an office in Liverpool, and he was well known in shipping circles. About twenty years ago he was a member of Runcorn Board of amprovement Commissioners, but since then he had taken no part in public affairs. MOTHER'S FATAL GRIEF._

At Ditton, near Widnes, on Tuesday, -Isabella Capel (45), a married woman, residing in Pitville Cottages, Ditton, dropped down dead on hearing of the death of her twelve-months-old daughter. She went out to work as laundress, at Hough Green, leaving her baby with a woman to nurse until she came home. The child was ill when she left, and on the way home she was met by a boy, who broke the news to her. Deceased hurried home, and, on seeing the child, exclaimed, " Oh, my child." Falling down, she was ' assisted to the sofa, where she expired. Her busband deserted her and six children some eighteen months ago, and these circum- stances, coupled with the sad demise render the affair most pitiful. The coroner has been notified, and an inquest will be held. RUNCORN PRINTERS AND THE FACTORY ACT.

At Runcorn, on Monday, .Messrs. R. Moore and Co.. Limited, printers, High-street, were summoned for employing a woman named Florence Robinson contrary to the Factories and Workshops Act. Mr. R. E. Graves, inspector of factories, said the woman was employed an hour and a half after hours.—Mr. H. N. Linaker, for the defence, said the firm was in liquidation, and be appeared for Hr. Voisey, of Warrington, as liquidator. He was instructed to plead guilty. Any penalty the magistrates inflicted would have to be paid by the credi- tors, and not by the firm.—Mr. Graves said a serious element in the case was that this was the fourth time Messrs. Moore had been before the court since 1902.—A fine of £1 and costs was imposed. RUNCORN CHEMIST AND HIS FAMILY. Hugh 111`Leod, described as ananalytical chemist, was summoned before the Runcorn magistrates on Monday for neglecting to provide reasonable maintenance for his wife Eva anJ their five children. The defendant did not appear. Mr. H. N. Linaker, for the complain- ant, said the parties were married in 1888, and there had been eleven children, of whom five were living. The defendant was an analytical chemist, and could earn good wages. He had not worked since last October. Mrs. WLeod said she now lived at 7, Picow-street, Runcorn, and she was being supported by her father and mother. Her husband hadnot contributed anything to her support since the beginning of November. The Lench granted Mrs. IWLeod a separation order with custody of the children and £1 per week maintenance.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY. ,

.3BIRKENHEAD PARK 2ND V. WARRINGTON ROYAL.,

Played at Warrington, the Park being victorious by three goals to two. Warrington were the first to score through Smith, but the visitors soon drew level through Edwards, quickly followed by a beautiful goal from the stickof D. L. Roberts. Play was evenly contested up to half-time, and Bates put on a third goal for the Park. In the second half each side pressed in turn, and Warrington were successful in scoring again through their centre forward.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
UNDERGROUND TELEGRAPH WIRE.

The pipes for the underground telegraph line from London to Glasgow are now practicAlly completed, and the permanent cable has been laid between (London and Manchester and Liverpool. A temporary cable has been drawn into the pipes between Manchester and Bradford and Leeds. The permanent cable has also been drawn in between Warrington and Carlisle, but it will not be ready for use for two or three months.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
This REFINED COSTUME

can be had in three qualities at 8/11, 10/6, and 12111 There's no difference in all the making, only in the quality of the cloth. Albeit. the 8/11 quality can he thoroughly recommended. Only a limited number left. Made in Black or 8/11 Navy' V.C.C. Cheviot Serge. COAT' 32 in. long—sac back —Chesterfield front—bell sleeves —well-bound seams. SKIRT : Plain back side fastening—finish, lovely. Carriage ed. extra.

MONEY CHEERFULLY RE- FUNDED IF NOT SATIS- FACTORY.

STOCK SIZES: Coats, 34,36, and 33 bust, Skirt Waists, 24, 26, 28. Front Length, 38. 40, 42. Larger sizes to measure, 2. extra.

EXTRAS Coat Lined. 3,'. Skirt Lined 3

PATTERNS FREE IN ALL CASES.

6 yards Dres Length of Famous V.C.C. Serge (Black or Navy), 6:6 Carriage Bd. extra.) THIS IS AN HONEST

BARGAIN.

THE VICTORIA COSTUME CO„

(II (,1 Dept.) Victoria Buildings. Manchester

„ „,„o• •

"ThE I3EATALL."

===== 0002601_19050401_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN AND VICE-CHAIRMAN.

Mr. Henry Roberts elected a me*mber of the Committee.

Mr. F. MONKS, J.P. having resigned the first duty of the members of the Warrington Education Committee at their annual meeting on Wednesday evening was to appoint a successor. Pending the selection of a chair- man Councillor Burton presided over the deliberations of the committee expressing his regret, which was echoed by those present, at Mr. Monks having found it necessary to retire. Alderman Bennett has acted as the deputy to Mr. Monks since the formation of the Educa- tion authority and the committee were unhesitating andunanimous in appointing him to the more important office.

Councillor EVANS said they all knew Alderman Bennett was deeply interested in educational matters and that he would give himself heart and soul to the work of the committee. The best of his abilities would be brought to bear upon the work. In Alderman Bennett he thought they would have an excellent chairman. (Hear, hear.) Councillor WILKINSON seconded, the motion being, as above stated, approved. Alderman BENNETT thanked the committee very warmly for the honour they had conferred upon him. To follow in the chair a man so capable and public spirited as Mr. F. Monks was no light task. They were all united in regretting Mr. Monks' retirement, especially the cause of it, and in wishing him a tranquil sunset to a long, strenuous and useful life. He (the speaker) was conscious that there were other members of the committee with much greater experience in matters educational than any to which he could lay claim and who would have more worthily occupied the chair. It was however felt that the position should be held, except in special circumstances, by a member of the ' Town Council, and the lot had fallen upon him. He had not sought the position and was sensible alike of its responsibilities and of his defects, but he knew the kindness of the members of the committee and could only say he would try not to disappoint them. They had hitherto been singularly free from anything which savoured of party bias or sectarian feeling. He would endeavour to preserve that high tradition and to hold the scales impartially. He trusted they would continue to work harmoniously together, sinking all minor differences of politics or creed, and striving only for the welfare of the children and the best and brightest interest of the town. (Applause.) APPOINTMENT OF VICE-CHAIRMAN. QUESTION OF PRINCIPLE RAISED.

Councillor HULSE moved and Alderman SMETHURST seconded the election of Alderman Pierpoint as vice- chairman of the Committee.

Councillor CRAIK moved an amendment upon a ques- tion of principle as he failed to see that both the chair- man and deputy-chairman should be members of the Town Council, in fact he thought it rather a hindrance than otherwise. He submitted for consideration the name of the Rev. Morley Stevenson. His nominee had, he said, served as chairman of the most important sub- committee—the school attendance committee—and from the way he had introduced the minutes of the sub-comMittee he was sure every member of the com- mittee would feel that in him they had a gentleman of the highest standing and one in whom they had unbounded confidence.

Councillor WILKINSON seconded the amendment. The Rev. MoitLEr STEVENSON however declined to allow his nomination to stand. He felt very grateful to the gentlemen who had submitted his name. He however felt that in business matters they would be better under the guidance of Alderman Pierpoint. Councillor LORD supported the nomination of Alder- man Pierpoint. His principle reason for doing so was that by adopting the original motion they might induce Alderman Pierpoint to continue his membership of the committee in spite of his expressed intensiod of retiring. The Rev. JOHN YONGE did not oppose the motion from any personal reason, but because he had a strong con- viction that all talents did not lie in the members of the Town Council but that on the Education Committee they had gentlemen who were equal in ability and in the interest they displayed in educational matters. In his mind it was very desirable that the honours,if there were any, should be divided between Town Council and co-opted representatives. (Hear, hear.) In Mr. F. Monks they bad a co-opted member who made an exceed- ingly able chairman. (Flear, hear.) He had been s acceded bya member of the Town Council and he (the speaker) thought it would be a very happy arrangement for a co-opted member to be appointed to the vice-chairman. He felt strongly upon a matter of principle—all the honours should not be given to members of the Town Council, and therefore moved that Mr. C. E. Parker be elected to the office of vice-chairman. _

Mr. PARKER also declined to allow himself to go to the vote, as, he said, he felt he would be incompetent. He had so many other duties that,although he was much obliged to Mr. Yonge, he could not agree to allow him- self to be nominated. _

No other nominations were forthcoming and Alder- man Pierpoint was unanimously elected. In returning thanks he said he had not sought the position, he never wanted it and was sorry they had elected him to fill it. The members of the Corporation were fully alive to the abilities of the co-opted mem- bers of the committee. Personally he felt he had a great deal to learn in the matter of education and he would ask for the kindly consideration and help from every member of the Committee, which he felt he roquired. He was sorry to have been opposed to his friend the Rev. Morley Stevenson, and whether the decision of the Committee was for the good of the educational system of the borough remained to be seen. ELECTION OF SUB-COMMITTEES. THE ATTENDANCES OF MENIBERS.

The Committee next proceeded to elect the various sub-committees, and in not one single instance was the original proposition passed with comment and motions to amend. The composition of the:Finance Committee as proposed by Mr. A. J. Jolley, seconded by Councillor Wilkinson, was :—Aldermen Fairclough and Alderman Pierpoint, Councillors Sankey, Tinnion and Wilkinson, Messrs. J. D. Buckton, R. T. Fairclough, A. J. Jolley (chairman), H. Kingdon, and W. Bibby. Mr. Bibby was proposed as the 'successor to Mr. C. E. Parker who retired from the committee. _ _ . .

Councillor LORD led the opposition to the motion. In looking at the attendanzes of some of the gentle- men, he said, he found some were very bad. Last year Alderman Pairclough only attended one meeting out of fifteen, and during two years he had attended three meetings out of 27, Alderman Pierpoint had attended badly and Councillor Tinnion had only attended three meetings out of twelve. He thought they should elect as members of sub-committees only gentlemen who were prepared to do the work. (Hear, hear.) If those gentlemen who did not attend to the duties had not the courtesy to retire he was prepared to nominate others to take their places, He had pleasure in proposing that Mr, May be made a member of the committee. Councillor ELLISON seconded. Alderman BENNETT in answer to Mr. Buckton said they had the power to increase the number of members of the committee. He however thought it a mistake to have too large a committee. The REV. 30IIN YONGE : The Committee is made less by the members staying away. (Hear, hear). Mr. WALKER agreed with Councillor Lord. He thought it useless to re-appoint men whe did not attend to the'duties. He thought the size of the committee should be increased as some of the members did not turn up and do the work. (Hear, hear). Alderman BENNETT : It is desirable that Alc:erman Fairclough should be a member of the committee as he is [the chairman of the finance committee of the Corporation. Mr. PLINSTON : It is desirable Alderman Fairclough should attend to the duties appertaining to the office. With all due deference to Alderman Fauslough I do not think it right he should occupy a position and never discharge the duties of that position. Other members are willing to take part and do useful work and if Alderman Fairclough or anyone else has not done his duty his name should not be retained. Alderman BENNETT : I think it will be a mistake to strike his name off.

Alderman PIERPOINT : Alderman Fairelough is a member of five committees of th 3 Corporation and does his fair share of the work of the Corporation if not of the Education Committee. _ .

Alderman BENNETT : In the case of any emergency it is important Alderman Fairelough should attend the deliberations of the Finance Committee.

Councillor WHArcsos: Alderman Fairclough is in his right place whether he attends or not. He is there to be called upon when he is wanted. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY thought it was not desirable that they should alter the constitution of the committee. The Finance Committee should not have a preponder- ance of co-opted members, and if the amendments were carried and Mr. May's name substituted for one of the Council members, co-opted members would be in the majority. Alderman BENNETT : Alderman Pierpoint is an ex-officio member of the committee so there is room for both Mr. Bibby and Mr. May. Councillor EVANS moved the election of Councillor Fulton Smith. Councillor FULTON Smrrii however, declined to allow the nomination to stand. . _ .

Upon a vote being taken the original motion was carried.

SCHOOL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE.

The Rev. MORLEY STEVENSON pointed out that a vacancy was caused on this committee by the death of Alderman Sutton. He thought however, that the filling of that vacancy should be left over. 'He moved that the committee be composed of Alderman Pierpoint, Councillors Craik and Fulton Smith, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, C. E. Parker, C. H. Unsworth, and J. Upson, Revs. .M. Stevenson, E. J. Willcocks, N. Wilson and J. Yonge.

I Mr. A. J. JOLLEY seconded. Mr. R. T. FAIRCLOUGH said that upon the Education Committee there were two elected members from the Warrington Church Schools Association, neither of whom were on the School Management Committee. He did not for one moment suppose their names had been purposely left off the Committee, but he thought it hardly fair that the schools should be unrepresented. He proposed that Mr. Bnckton be elected a member of the Committee. He would not press his motion if he bad an assurance that Mr. Buckton's name would be con- sidered for the first vacancy. Councillor LORD seconded.

Councillor EVANS :—Th—O;e; is at present a vacancy. Alderman PIERPOINT said that on the Committee there were already four representatives of the Church. Mr. li. T. FAIRCLOUGII : Not of the Church ; of the Church schools.

Alderman PIERPOINT : To my mind they represent the Church, uhatever people may say. Upon a vote being taken the election of Mr. Buckton was deferred, the committee being constituted as proposed by the Rev. Morley Stevenson. Councillor ELLISON moved that the School Attend- ance Committee be composed of the following gentle- men, Councillors Barton. Brough, Ellison, Evans, Lord and Sankey, Messrs. William Bibby, Thomas May, Edwin Plinston and George Walker. Councillor BROUGH seconded. Mr. UNswourff asked why the name of Councillor Maginn had been left off the committee and was informed that Councillor Magian had not attended a single meeting. Councillor CIWK moved that Mr. Upson be appointed a member of the committee. No one grumbled more than Mr. Upson about the school attendance. Mr. UesoN protested that he did not grumble, he I merely criticised. If he was appointed the causes for I grumbling might be removed. He, however, did not think it advisable that he should be placed on the com- mittee as he would be unable to attend to the duties. I Councillor 13ArrraN moved and Councillor Bltoo6ll seconded the election on the committee of Councillor ! Wilkinson.

_ Councillor WILKINSON : Look at the committees Councillor Wilkinson attends and you will find he does his fair share of the public work of Warrington. It was decided to appoint the Rev. Father Whittle to fill the vacancy caused by the leaving off of Councillor Maginn, and with that exception Councillor Barton's motion was approved. Councillor Wilkinson, Councillor Barton and Mr. A. J. Jolley were placed in competition for a seat on the sites and buildings committee and as the result of a vote Councillor Wilkinson was elected. The committee was constituted as follows :—Alder- men Bolton and Smethurst, Councillors Brough, Craik, Evans, Wilkinson, Flulse,Roberts,Fulton Smith,Tinnion, and Mr. R. T. Fairclough.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. MONKS'S RESIGNATION.

The director read the following letter which had been addressed by Mr. F. Monks to the Town Clerk :—On resigning my position in the Education Committee of the County Borough, I wish to express my thanks to the Council for the honour they have done me in elect- ing me to represent the Technical Education Com- mittee with which I was so long connected. I regret I feel I cannot any longer with justice to myself con- tinue the work which requires a large amount of thought and time if the work is to be done satisfactorily in the interests of the town and education particu- larly. Having put in more than fifty years of what I call public service, lam sure you will agree with me that I urn entitled to take things more easily for the few remaining years that may be left to me. Yours faithfully, F. MONKS. The CHAIRMAN said he was sure he was expressing the feelings of the committee when he said they received the intimation with the greatest possible regret. It would be impossible to exaggerate Mr. Monks's services to the town and the feeling was absolutely universal both in the committee and in the town generally of deep regret that he had been obliged to take that step. He had been of incalculable service to the committee in its earlier stages and his work on behalf of the town was really beyond all praise. Men of the type of Mr. Honks were the salt of the earth and happy was the community which could boast such citizens. They hoped he would soon be restored to perfect health and live amongst them as an honourable and useful citizen for many years to come. (Hear, hear.) MR. HENRY ROBERTS ELECTED A MEMBER The concluding business of the meeting, which gave rise to some discussion, was "To recommend to the Town Council a person of experience in Education, or acquainted with the needs of the various schoolslin the Boiough, for appointment as a selected member of this committee." This step was necessitated by the resigna- tion of Mr. F. Monks. Mr. J. D. BUCKTON moved that Mr. Charles Sawkins Burgess be recommended for appointment, remarking that that gentleman fulfilled the requirements as set forth above. He had not only been a manager but had acted as treasurer of one school for many years, and the Education Committee had already shown confidence in him by appointing him a representative manager of People's College. He had lived in Warringtru all his life, and was well known and respected. He always attended well to any duties ,he undertook, and he (Mr. Buckton) believed the Com- mittee would never regret the appointment. Alderman SMETHURST seconded. Councillor Craik was of the opinion that the Corn- mittee could not fill Mr. Monks's place more worthily than by appointing Mr. Henry Roberts a member. He did not know of anyone in the borough who knew more about the educational needs of Warrington, and who had done more in his time for educational work than Mr. Roberts. He was thoroughly capable of fulfilling the duties in every detail, and he (Councillor Craik) moved that he be recommended for appointment. The Rev. JOHN YONdE said he was about to rise for the same purposefas Councillor Craik. He felt sure that Mr. Henry Roberts would serve the committee admir- ably. He was an exceedingly able man, was in full sympathy with all educational movements, and would greatly assist the committee in their various debates. He had particular talents which fitted him for the post and he (Mr. Yonge) was exceedingly glad Councillor Craik proposed his name. He could make a speech about Mr. Henry Roberts if it were necessary, but he did not think it was. He was a personal friend of his (Mr. Yonge's) he was thankful to say, and he (Mr. Yonge) was all the more glad, in consequence, to be in the Position of seconding the nomination with all possible heartiness. Mr. J. UPSON said he rose with very great reluctance to propose anothername. He had not a word to say against either of the gentlemen who had been proposed but he was sure those who had had experience of the gentleman whose name he was going to submit would acknowledge that he had a superior acquaintance with educational matters. He would submit the name of Mr. F. W. Monks, believing that the greatest compli- ment they could pay to the chairman who had presided over them for two years would be Ito elect his son a member of the committee. Those who worked on the School Management committee during the first twelve months knew how admirably, in the difficult circumstances of putting the Act in operation in Warrington. Mr. Monks guided the committee, and how great was his knowledge of education in all its branches. It was rather a painful thing to submit one name in opposition to two others, but he thought the educational claim of Mr. Monks were in this particular line superior to those of the other two. Councillor HULSE seconded.

Councillor WILKINSON : Has Mr. Upson any reason to think that Mr. Monks would accept the office. lam inclined to think he would rather remain in retirement.

Mr. UPSON: I don't think it is fair iiaTis;il'oZi—be asked that question. It has not been asked whether the other two would serve.

The CHAIRMAN: I was going to ask it in regard to each of them. _

Mr. UPSON: lam not in a position to say whether iMr. Monks would stand and I don't think that should ' 'lllu/ince us in voting unless we know from the other two gentlemen whether they are prepared to accept. Councillor CRAIK pointed out that Mr. F. W. Monks, had already been a member of the committee and I resigned; whereas the others had not had an oppor- tunity of serving on it. Mr. UPSON : Mr. Monks did not resign his position. He automEqically ceased to be a member of the com- mittee because he resigned from the Council. Councillor BROCIGII : I have reason to believe that Mr. Roberts will stand if elected. Councillor WILKINSON: I have more than a reason to believe that he will.

A vote was then taken and the figures were :—Mr. Henry Roberts, 15 ; Mr. F. W. Monks, 7 ; Mr. C. S. Burgess, 4. Mr. ROBERTS was than unanimously recemmended for election.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ATTENDANCE.

The members of the committee present at the meeting were Aldermen Bennett, Pierpoint, Smethurst, Evans, Councillors Evans, Ellison, Hulse, Wilkinson, Sankey, Brough, Fulton-Smith, Craik, Barton, Lord and Burton, the Revs. Morley Stevenson, E. J. Wilcocks, Father Wilson, and J. Yonge, Messrs. Kingdon, A. J. Jolley, C. E. Parker, R. T. Fairclough, T. May, J. D. Buckton, C. H. Unsworth, E. Plinston, J- Upson, J. Moore Murray (director of education) and J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer).

===== 0002601_19050401_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
The Original Cocoa. and a Speciality.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

being distinguished from all others by its invigorating nutritious qualities and its delicious flavour. This Cocoa, con- taining as it does all the substance of the Cocoa Nib, maintains its leading position after three-quarters of a Century as

===== 0002601_19050401_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
COO* A

the best form of Cocoa for every-day use.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
SF

NH

KG

71gr,:tiC77.‘11:',2,11:)/'(\'''' ) ,\,lk(( :--- il,',, / • c- •r-------__,:ii, '' \ .7.4 c- ,! \), . • ~,•...: ~,..-=-_-.7-; ,!.;,.......-

===== 0002601_19050401_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
HUMOURS

Of the Skin and Scalp Speedily Cured by Baths with

===== 0002601_19050401_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
(1111(1111A

Soap to cleanse the skin of crusts and scales, and soften the thickened cuticle, gentle applications of Cuti- cura Ointment to instantly allay itching, irritation, and inflammation, and soothe and heal, and mild doses of Cuticura Pills to cool and cleanse the blood. A single set is often sufficient to cure.

Cuticura Soap, Ointment, and Pills are sold throughout tits world. Depots: London, 27 Charterhouee Sq.; Paris, Rue de la Paiz ; Australia, R. Towne & Co., Sydney; BOeton, U. S. A., Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Sole Prop.. Oar Mailed free, The Great Ilumour Cure."

===== 0002601_19050401_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
W- Off e- - 2/6 .1 -•••" NV Nr- 4110. NS

Our efforts to introduce the best New Giant Flowered Sweet Peas have resulted In Erior- MOUS Success, and we know no better value ran be offered by any other house.

.e ,Ater a collection for L/1.. P. 0., containing 50 seeds of each of 24 Giant Flowered Varieties, each variety separate and named, including Dorothy Eckford, Miss Wil- mott, King Edward VII, Janet Scott, Mrs. Walter Wright,AgnesJohnso n, Dainty, Jeannie Gordon, Hon. Mrs. E. Kenyon, etc., etc. With each collection we will send FREE a copy of our unique Seed Catalogue containing reports on experimental test of Vegetables and Flowers of over 1000 trials.

711.13 X. DICKSON at SONS. Ld., SI. Royal avenue. BELFRST.

Thames Nautical Training College H.M.5... WORCESTER.. OU Kent :decades Boys for Ofscers the Merchant Service. Naval Cadetships granted appointments to RN. K. ' W. IC BULLIVANT, Hon. Sc. Marl: Lane, 7 ' N.C.

A SOLID SILVER WATCH PREE. TIOR POSTAL ORDER VALUE 1.2 is. and 2 penny stamps, we will forward a massive simulation 18 ct. GOLD CHAIN, together with our gener,us offer of a SOLID SILVER WATCH FRES The gift Watch is of the best make. Solid Silver Cases, and guaranteed to keep correct time. We are giving them away, for a limited time only, to introduge our goods. When ordering, state whether Ladies' or Gent's, style required.—Address, enclosing P.O. to WATCH DEPARTMEN r. 51, GRitiHAM WATI CO„ 345, ESSEX ROAD, LONDON, N.

HLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Regibtered No. 40,376.

NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW. The greatest boon ever offered to the 'Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, &c. It does not stick to spider-Web-.lke materials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id., 3d., and Id. each. PREPARED ONLY BY T. CRICTIILEY. Chemist. in.neKeußN. 7, Whitecross Street, London,

\ /0 • .a 2 4 71- Y PPly P. Londou,

S 44.'...:> Alt \ 7,1031,' ___„..:

GRIT'

===== 0002601_19050401_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19050401_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050401_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe " eramtntr Smits

ri.... •• WARRINGTON AND Mn-CRRSHIBB RNARIN"-.D." published every SaturdE morning. T"•• FIARLESTOWN ..n N P.970N -F EXAMINER , published every Friday s,rerne •o. fHE "sr. HRIANS gxemivsa,' published every Friday afternoon. r" "RuNcon's ENIANLINISR," published every Friday afternoon. THE ~ 0.: IDIsT HP rl: A 'III 'Ea," published every Friday afternoon.

TIPP EI k M INER SE RI K.S PR EP AI D ADVERTISEMENT A.P kIIT If F.N T 9 W ANT.:D HOUS FS WANT ED A PARTY tINT 8 TO LI.T HOUSES TO BE SOLD 0. ST ICLES LOST MtEICELLANEOI7EI W ANTS Az-PLUMES ? n UND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 38 45 .... ......... 54

W

3omesttr Otrbants, etr.

'ANT).;I) at once COOK.—Anply Dr. MONKS, Regent house. Greenhough Win.

NITANTBD GENIOtkI. able to wish, Good Wages to one, P.,witti, 94, 'A' ion Lane. Wigan.

VVANTRO a GIRL. about 16 or 17 to live in.—Apply by T letter, 41, NlAnArr BT., Droyhden. Manchester,

NEWBOLD SERVANTS' REGISTRY. Servants wal tact at once—Mrs. TOTT. 119,Milnrow rd.,Roeladale

IkATANTED GENERAL, experienc.d girl, about 20 ; refer- !lr enees. 43. CLARENDoN 11. D., Whalley Range,Manobeater.

WANTR ED, strong GENERAL, country preferred, about 20; good references.—Apply ISTALE Y AMIE', Brook st., Chester. , work;

WANTED Strong Conntrit GIRL to assist in house one fond of children preferred. —CGDEN, 150, North rd., Preston.

WT ANTED tor Country.—HOU BMAID-WAITENSS,-- Good references to Mrs. LLOYD EVANS, Forton Lodge, GarstAng.

‘VALITIID good GHN13114.1,, about 17, able to wash ;g 00d references euenti at F I ELD Fai r field rd., Latchford, Warrington.

-- VSTANTRD COOKS, Cook-Generals, Housemaids. wait- resses and il•enerals for good situations.—Mrs.BOWDEJT 20, Pepper st. , Chester.

WANTRU, COOK-GISNBRAL.—AppIy, stating wages requlre4. Mrs. OAKLEY, StriDley Old Nall, Little- borough, near Manchester. WANTRI a General SERVANT for fatally pf three, abT• to wash. Wages 6e. a week —Apply by letter 43 Llverponl RORCL Southport.

WAPTHD, good 61451811 AL SI4IIVANT, ale to wash.— Apply Mrs. BBI,GE, 415, Warrington rd., Goose Green, Pemberton near Wigan.

WBD a Strong, cap,l3l.,Glßt , as Wardmairl ; salary £l3 per year, with In.loor uniform.—Apply, Mien° x, Sanatorium, New Road, Blackpool.

WANTBD Stror.g General SBIIYANT, for April, with good character ;not under 20 —Apply. for particular,' Mr. PRESTO 7( "hap I.

WANTED, n good GrIRL; able to wash; must be ford of ahild,n ; ref.renees required.—Apply Mrs. MARSH, Old Hall Finns, Leigh, Lancashire

WANTED Young Cißkl ARAL SISRVAST ; household four,—Apply, statlng fuze and reference, 51rs. TRONA,. 14, West it., Rochdale, Lancashire. Stead:

TT ARTI‘D, domesticated young GENBRAL ; ly truttworthy character ; good reference 9 ; comfortable home, no family.--97, 1-I•Ntrros RD., Southport.

W/LISTED. MINER aL SHILVANT for gentleman's very small eountry house; two In (amity ; plain cooking; comfortable borne.—" INNIBFATL." Ropley, Hants.

ANTI3O experlenc.d hones PARLOUR MAID. 25 to 30 ; TV good wage; small family; good ref erences Indispensable —Mrs. GILLIaRAND. Sandhurst, St. Annes-cn-Sea.

-- --- WANTED COCKS, Cook generals, Honsemaids, Waitresses, Generals,fitirses, Fares paid.--Borromr.EY's REGISTILY, Established 1887, Morley st.,Bradimd, Yorkshire. _

A LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or 21. town public and private.—Call or write Miss H1114024' only office), 6,oldhrk street, Manchester. Established 1862. WVANTED, May 71h, capable 611INEILAL, to undertake all duties, two in family ; very comfortable borne ;wages £l6-£lB.—Apply JAMES 6MITH, Horner House, Batley, near Leeds. ANTI3D immediately, respectable HOUSEMAID ; one TV who can wait at table ; cook and under-housemaid ktpt ; must have good reforencesl—Apply to Mrs. TtiRNER, Mile End Home. ctockport.

(IOOKI WANTHD £2O to E 24. Housemaid Waitress £lB 1.._/ to £22, Generals £lB to £2O, Girls Elei, excellent pieces. No connection with any other oftlce.—Write to BARU/SOWS 6, Oldham street, Manchester.

WANTP.D, two SSI(VANT:s (sisters or friends) ; Cook' General, £lB, and Narse-Housemsid £1.5 (experi- enced); state references and age—Mrs. MASON, Myrtle Bank, Prestwich Manchester.

ikidTbD PIOLSON, willing to assist with all household duties; small family ; good comfortable home; ss. weekly ; nice vi.lage, seven miles from Manchester.—Write Mrs. L., Sunnybank, Birch. Heywood.

ALL OLASSBS OF SITUATIONS, private and publics good home% excellent wages ; ptAces In town,eountry and seaside.—Wrlte to HAuarsors's OLDEST ESTABLISHED ItzainuT, 6 Oldham street. Manchester. MRS. PRBSTON. Progressive Servants' Agency, 44, Charles at. Oldest estaNllshed In Blackpool, Wants SIIKVANIS with teferenees, for Hotels, 11,arding, Private Houses ; goad wages; enclose stamp. Tel. 0337.

, cIiEKS SITUATION, -Ingle-handed place, 1..3- or where one or more are kept ; well up Inside and out ; excelint references; age 26; mairied when auIted.—OLABICE, C/O Mrs. llnswortb, &mow's Green Cottages,Wldoel. Lance'

&barv, gotorks, Ustttrss4to. tit.

ihOE'SSKIBUII YOR SALR, main road, T—Tgood trade. £4O. close to Belle-Vue.-2E5, EY= RD., West Gorton, Vtanchester. - -- Good

LOBB INN &GORTON near Bolton TO LET. s. kir spirit house. Bowling green. stables &c.—Applications 7. N. Wo!MET, Old Three:Crowns Hotel, Bolton.

MUST S— O'd-established H OCOLATB, Sweets, Minerals, Ices, Tobacco Shop; main road; sacrifice to Immediate purchaser. —Appt 157, OLDFIRLD RD., Salford.

lAN BALD two grocery and NIPBCTIONIIRY BIJM- NES-111Ft rituated in ltury, doing nice trade and worth looting t e r.—Apply PENNINGTON, 60. Walmerstey rd.,;l3itry.

MINRRAL INATHIS BUSINIHIS FOR NALII ; to dispose of cheaply, owing to proprietor's death ; plant com- plete; good opening; low rent; offers ?—Apply CEMLYN KoUSL Dolgelley.

rrOBACCONIA U.. near Station between Bootle and 1. Grosbv. Lock up shop, would make an Excellent Branch for wholesale and retail honae.—Addreas W. R." Examiner Office, Warrington.

_ A BYBoDY wishing to buy or sell GUMMY or CON- .IIII FECTIONBRY BU3INRS9BB should consult us as we / are experienced In this class of business.—PENNINGTON. 6C, Walmersley rd.. Bury.

tiA LB nice cormicsioNßßY BUSINIA*3 situated in main st.eet of Heywood, oprosite thief is: a rare bance for an enterprising person.—Apply PENNINGTON, 0, Walmersley rd.. Bury.

_ WILSON'S MARL, RUNCORN (Commercial) with bowling green attached. Ingoino at Ya!nation Apply personally to ORICENALL WHITLEY tC CO., LTD., Wlldershool Brewery Warrington. TO BE SOLD, a good MILK BUSINESS. with grand .1 horse and float ; good ml k round; large corner shop ; doing very good; grouery and general trsde, near Liverpool. —Apply ,s rs. TlLeTosr. Saughall. near Chester.

„ mo BB SOLD, as a going concern. an Old-establist SHOItING FOBEIB and Blacksmith's Shop, on the main road to Cheshire, ineludirg eearn hammer. drilling machine, lathes, emery mills, an‘i other machinery in the trade. -Aptly C. 3. MASTARS 3 Market-street, Altrineham.

fro be /Let.

HOUSHB WITH. GARDH.I6, 38. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 21. 6d. per week. IVY LODOS.FROGHALL LANS rent £45 a year on lean° SMALL WORKS, LATCHFORD, 5 minutes from War- rington Bridge, rent 7.. 64. week. FOLLY-LANIC, Semi-detached VILLA. 2 entertainln g ooms and 3 be rooms. w.e , bathroom hot and cold water. 183. WELLFIELI) St., rent ss, 2. CAMBRIA PLACE, rent 2a. 86. 61, CATHERINE ST.. 6 roomed house, rent as. 19, DIM :VI% rent Is. 6d. LABL BRUM VILLA, FROGHALL LANE, rent £3O. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. I Eank-stroet War' rington. Telephone—NO 65.

_ /TO MIT 17, FOLLY LANI4,--Apply Worms & ON JL Boilettors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington. frO LBT °CCM HOUSE, Parker street, rent 35e. month clear.— J• pply WoonS & dos, Solicitors, Warrington. •

1.0 BB Lh —STABLING. fourteen Stalls or part ; at good Workshop.—Apply LaTTIONCIE BoLroN,Accountant Warrington. _ _ _

' frO LET, good HOUR Derby•street. rent 4s. 64. ; also 1 one off Beweey-road, rent 4e. 64.—Apply WooDS tSoN, bolicitors. Warrington.

FOUND DEAD.

:zany:lo's l'OltzON tor Killing hats answers kJ well. 'After one dressingl fo Ind 136 dead next morntia."—J. Buss, Helstborpe, Leighton. I killed 200 rats eith Sanford's Polson."-0. CooH, Farmer. Ellesmere. -I destroyed 145 rats with it."-0 WILSON, Offord.—Send le 2d BAAff ORD & SON, Sandy BeA• Sold by Obernists

SEEM

rtIGAR BANDI, decorative purposes. awrted, sd. NO.— d. HART, 1 e , Pen3elle Place, London, S.B. •

I 'ASTER CARDS, 12 or 25, Assorted Designs, post tree Is. 2d. —EAST READING LIBRARY, Reading.

- vk Hi do Storage Batteries tail. Free. Book on Battery Troubles.—VlCaltair. 91. Foregate, >terror&

TYPEWRITING 7d. per 1000, Duplicating Is per 100, _1 3e. SCO copies —PETTIT, 118, Laleham Road, Catford.

T IMEI LIME I LIME I—Farmers and BMHers wanting _LA gond strong Lime should apply to the TREVOR HALL LIME Co.. Llangollen.

. DANJO and Mandoline Solos, by best compoFers, all new -1.1 4s. editions. Bd. each. Lists free.---JAMES WATSON, 128 Sanchiehall Street, Glasgow.

TURF.—Traderman receiving valuable Racing Information 1. will wire copy to anotber.—Terma, PROPRIETOR, 3a Roupell Street, Waterloo, Lonoon, S.B.

LAMY'S MAID must sell two 18-et. gold-cased Orient Diamond Rings. 2s. 6d. the two. Long, gold-cased Guard, 23..—5. L.. 2 Nay rino Mans., Dalston 1 me. london.

I.2ORNITURE COVBR ; alwnys ready; fast crimson 1' Satin Damask, 21 inches wide, 9e. a yard ; good wear stylish patterns.— (MOUE, 29,Rue dellempart, Tours, France

['NISH WATCHBn given away. Send 2s. for Lovely LY Inlaid nat.' Brooch in Handsome Case or Handsomely Chased Fountain Pen. and tree Watch coupon.—(Litep. 50), 105 Blackshaw rd. Tooting.

NIEN'S SUITS, to -neanure, 2,; well worth 509. Our specialities are Black and Blue Vicun.s, Serges, &C. Fsee samples and particulars.—Apply to CHARLIE WHITELEY Provincial Clothier, Sowerby Bridge.

CIA.NAD4 .-17 Post-cards of Winnipeg and district 3s. 6d. kJ Souvenir Letter-cards, and Leather Posz-carde of Winnipeg, 6d. nach. Postage extra.—Address A. B. BARTON 340 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Canada.

LADIBS. we are sending. AS AM AOVER rISRAI HSI ; Large box Beauty Blossom, dainty powder puff, box Freneh rouge. eyebrow pencil in nickel cafe, oox lip salve. ivory-handie t otb-brush, box Parma violet dentrifice, cake glscerine toilet soap ; send P.O. Is. Bd. and 3 stamps for carriage to ILFORD PERFUMERY COMPANY, 40, Clement rd.,

•."

===== 0002601_19050401_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ME I I

INSVN

===== 0002601_19050401_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Baisullartous, olt eales, dr.

CMBRAS.—Snap shot Oates 34 x 2, post free, 3s. f3d.— COURT, 120, Forest Hill rd., ti.B,

EIARDBIi FOUNTAlNS.—Marvelloue effect ; le. 4icl. poet tree.--38, Monkwell et., London.

DILOUSES.—BIack Acenr,non Blouse • lace front ; 2s. 30 post tree.-13newsr & lit'.o4.l3l3ENT:Leds.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUR C.-3.lltAoT,ilt by ti•ndwriting correctly told.— c..nti lx to .1-11. us. c Lp gbrook It.. Exeter.

SOAP, Id. ~er lb ,Wo,te or ()Arbon° ; 361 b, carriage paid for 3a. postal order. —Addreaa SOAP WOKS. Walgate Wigan.

BriCkl and Bngitsh Novels. Catalogue I ree,—Kknr. r HESS, Bookseller, Goetheetr, 3, Munich 11., Germany. (Postage 20.)

inHOCOLS " will tint your Postcards ; quite simple; 1 boxes, 14 stamps ;of all stationers.—RATlTE. Bootle Street, Manchester.

ELASTIC BTOCIBINaS. 2s. 6d ; anklets, knee raps, Is. lid. Bead s Ire required.-13UBBEE (Jo., 8. Feasegste, York.

DINT HAND-MACH LAM—Apply for sample', with LJP one or two guineas for a trial parcel.—C, S. IYEB, Attungal, Travancore, India. - -

hNT, LENT, LBNT.—Basses of fhb from 2s, 6d. dressed .4 for cooking, carriage paid.—Postal Orders, R. and P. MICLHITIBII, Fish Docks, Grimsby.

CULOURED MINIATURES from any photo mounted as Brooches, Pins, or Pendants, Is. 6d.—HAYWARD, Post Office, Westbourne Road, Barnabury, N.

TititRACH PIOTURB POSTOARDS.—SampIe Packet 6d. and Is. ; special parcels is. 6d. ; securely packed W. R. I M7,3,IONGER, Statimer. Ilkeston.

PLB N DID New ORHRNHEIAR TROUT ROD I.oift., best 1..7 Winch fittings, cork grasp highly fitlished, In case Bs. - MITCHELL. Princes rd.. Rhos. Ruabon.

60 n lt LADIs' UNDIM3KIRTSj beautiful design, every 1.1 shade of colour, 2s 91. each fee, two 51. (mention shad.),—ROßEßf BELL, 66, Parkmount et., Belfast.

TILLINBRY.—Latest and smartest Parisian Hats. Lest ..I.T.L material, only 15s, and 201. iient on approval.— FRENCH MOUSE, 83, Regent st.. London.

ASTHOLOGY.—Nurnber 7 Horoscope,Charaeter. Finance, Marriage, 2 years future.—Send birth-date, Is. P. 0., PROF. GOULD, 26, Hill st., Newport, Mon.

LIEBE! 20 Picture Postcards to all sending la. 6d. for Handsome Fountain Yen, worth 10_s. 6d.--3AcKaost, 1, Hutton rd., Kennington Cross, Lon on, SW

eI_BAND VA.LUII.-2,000 Pearl Bead Necklets, double row. with lustrous brilliant snap • ls. each, post free.— Blurinoc, 16. Hinton rd. Herne nih, London.

pilaf/OMR your Rooms, latest novelty. Oriental Ribbon. beautiful odour, very lasting Dainty box sent post free, ls. 2d.—Ptg ft, Theatre Chambers. Derb 7.

011103TOARD COLLUMORS.—Beacitiful views of Japan. A. Japanese life, real photograph postcard, eight Is.. Midgets, fifteen Is.—W. WAIT, Epson rd.,LelceAer.

9000 SOLID zlliver Watches, ladies' or geuts', bank rupt stock, at 7a 6. each. worth 20s. ; grand timekeepers ; cash will be returned if not satisfied with the watches.—HOLYLIND & Co., 1O Curzon at, Leicester.

A POSSIBLH Portune of £27,6C0 for £l5, with a guarantee that at least £24 must be paid back for tbe £l5 invested. You cannot afford to lose this chance when a post3ard will bring you full particulars.—H. Ilkiataas. Herne Bay, Kent.

ABOON TO GAS CONSUNCHRS.—The new Self Lighted No match required. Avoid explosions, black aellingi and broken glasses. Agents wanted.—Apply THE SELF LIGHTING INC.NORSCENT CO., 40 Broad it.. House, 1,3nd00.

ME

===== 0002601_19050401_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Aifaellantous, on gpaltd, tic.

DINNBR SST (Porcelain) 50 pieces, 13s. 9J,. packed free. Bamrle plate 6d.—J. B. MELLOR & Co., 13ura1em.

P ICTORIAL POST CARDS.--12 London Pbot,s dd.—EssT I. DULWICH STAMP CO., 5, Henslowe rd.. London, SAL

se. WONDER poet free ; Cap, Tie, Studs, Knife, Purse, Hankercizief, Bow and Pipe.— HOULDRIDGE'S WARE- HOUSE, Spalding.

ADIR' BROOCH GIVEN AWAY to Customers sending 1...1 for Ladies' Handbag, 4s. 64. post free.—H. SWINNERTON, Ehlreland rd., Smethwick.

S• DHOCOLS" Will tint your Postcards ; quite simple ; boxes, 14 stamps ; all stationers.—Puocom Co., Bootle st.. Manchester.

6/1 MIIN'S Vicuna Tweed an .l Serge Slack-back jackets V 36 and 38 inch breasts, 489. dozen.—BAILEY, Pawn broker, Bailey it., Barnsley.

J MARS BLACK CANVAS OXFORDS, any Eliza. Leather eolee, reliable. poet free, ii. 6d. per pair. LAURIE 8; MCCIONNAL, LTD., Cambridge.

WRHATI4 OR CROSS ; artistically made ; choice flowers; cArriage paid ; Postal order 6a., Ts. 6d.. 10s. 6d.— CLIFF, Florist. Aylesbury.

BABTS FIRST CLOTHES, Large set, 126.9 d. ;lobe, Gowns. Ac. Very great bargain. Approval. Mrs, MAX. 16a. The Chase, Nottingham.

fl WEN AWAY, a phonograph and 12 tested gold-atoulded 1,3 records In lined case, on receipt of 125.—THE I,llnacit, PROVIDERS, Dept. E., Broadstairr,

I.lllbi blb 2 91b 21. 6d., 211 b bs , cleaned ready for cooking, carriage paid. quick delivery, fish of finest quality, trade supplied, trial solicited.—F. LEONARD, Fish Docks, Grimsby. .

liftrbtral

MARTYRS to Inditestion cured by Hull's Morning Cure, Poet free, is. 3c1.--HtiLes 12 firoevenor mi., Hoylake.

•f-lOCTOR BIARKSBLWYN'S Bloom of Health Pills, If is. complexion sosp." Is. tablets ; —liuseELL Co., Tottenham.

g STOY-COUGH will cure the worst Comib or k./ Cold; It never falls. Is. lid. per bottle from B.o.uuts, 1. Bond at, Weymouth.

CLUSTUS FnR OUT.—New and Unfailing ilemedy, Er- moves Pain and Swelling,. 2a. 3d. and 43.—W.H. GROVES, Caver•laam, Oxon.

Q 3G 9 UNDER FEET and CDrns ; gnaranted cure miraeulcus Indian remedy ; post free 91.1.—STRAWMON chemist, Mose-street, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Mantel

B OORS (otd) Bought In Any quantity for CABH.—VVIII6HT. 550, Fnitaam Road, London, S.W.

fIUhIOS--Caeh waiting for papier-mache Picture Framer, 4.J Old SiIverAc.—FREEMLN, Breekendale, King's Norton.

IONDUMED TRIP TO PARIS April ls.—send stamp. V for particulars to Mr. FEUX MILLS, 1.63 Lee at. Oldham

A DPEMITISIIR desires charge of young Child or Infant. XX Please state terms.-Mrs. I, (nDRING,G omeldon,ballebury.

PRODUCE AGPROL—Want Farm and Garden Produce weekly ; any quantity. —Ooivr HOUSE. Usk street. Hawed, CArdi ff.

WANThD, Collectors and Canvassers to write for particulars how to add to their inoomes.—CHEMICAL WORKS, Newburgh, Aberdeen.

3nS. WIIRKLY offered for ADDRESSING ENYRLOPICS, V An. For particulars, send 2d. stamps to GREarr, 7, West Crown st.. Salford, Manchester.

A MINTS WANTED.—KiIio Non-poisonous Vermin Ex tsrmfnator. 6tl per packet. One agent's profit one week, £lO.--HARTLEY TAYLOR, South Lowestoft.

I MPROVE YOUR POSITION. —No matter what your age sex, or present occupation, any one can do it. send, addressed envelope to PLGETT 44, London rd,Tw.ckenbam.

YOUNG MUN (strong) WANTED tor Farm Work in Ontario, Canada. Situations provided immediately on arrival.—For particulars apply ONTARIO GOVERNMENT AGENCY, 7, James it.. Liverpool.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, sTUCKS, &c., BOUGHT Full CASH TO ANY AMOUNT. OR ADVANOIS MADE. RIMIEST PRIOES GIVIIN. NO CHARGE FOR INSPECTION. 11 AhTLEY AND UO., 12 112099-STEHRT, LIVERPOOL.

(DM, *Mtn), etc.

'DURE BUFF ORPIN G FON EGGS, 26. 9d. for 15.—W.nart Tbe NeSt, Aylalerton, Norwich.

QIX Dozen new-laid ligge for 61.; carriage paid to any addr. ea. —Write A. 1..EAD31.4.2f, Coleraine.

IRISE EGGS, new laid, l 'e. 3d. doz.- chickens, 4s. 6d pair ; post iree,—BnowN,Eden btreet,Baniskillen.

lbliriGS from high-llass barred ROOKS; tested winter .114 layers, 4s. sitting.—STlßßUP, Heyhouses, near Lytham.

MINORCA EGGS from splendid birds 3e. per sitting— Mrs. MYDDLETON, Cluribury, Astori-on-Clun,Shropshir,

BDUFF ORPINGTON EGGS for sitting 36. and ss. doz., nnfertiles replaced, splendid laying straIn.—PICKLES, Hale Barns, Altrineham.

VOGS, from splendid Pen Buff Orpingtons, 3e. sitting BrUED3WORTH, Mosses Farm, &lamb lane, Longton, Preston.

lUUYF OSP' Ditii ON and White Legborn Eggs for sitting, from Hunter's beet pen ; 35. per sitting.—Joune, dairy- man, Sale.

PUILIS MIND Black MiNUliCitd 2A. Sti. t3ittlng Inspection of Fowls invited.—THOMAB OAKES. 57. Haydook Street. War Ington.

A YLESBURT EGGS from prolific ducks, mated to Read- ..tl fog College ; drakes 4s. doz —Mrs. BELL. Haw! y House, Tadley, Basingstoke

DARTRIDUB WICANDOTTBS: ;sinning strains; Cockerels from 55.; Pellets from is.; liggs from 4s. dozen.— SYDNEY HOUIE, Shefforri. Beds.

GULDEN W Xittl a.—Tne besG utiluy fowls —l4g, from prize-winners, 3s. 61. for 13.—H. CLIFTON M.aintale Farm. Westbury, Salop.

HABIJY, HANNUP LANE ko..KW, W Haden, Bradford, • can supply eggs from special pen of Black Leghorn s per doz. carriage paid. Unlimited grams run.

LIGGS, Cooks' priza strain buff ORPINGTONS, unlimited _LA fIID, 3s. doz., unfertiles replaced, carriage paid.— CLIFTON, former, Buckby, fluabY•

B"F ORPINGTON WIGS, from pure-bred, unrelated stock (W. Cook and bon's strain) : Ss. sitting ; unfertiles repIaced.—METCALFE, Cratterall lane, Garstang.

UOWL CORN. 74 6d. 10s 6d. 12s 61. 2401b5. ; Pig Paod, 7s. 6d. and Pcultry Meal. Ss. and 10s. per 2001b8.- 110 CHE AND Co.. 15, Goree plazzas,Liverpool. Mention paper.

L',GUS 1013 SITTING, from white Wyandotte.; Taw— EA noted strain ; excellent layers ; 3s. Bd. sitting ; clears replaced —H. CROSS, 103, Leyland lane, Leyland, near Preston.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
liflatrimonn

IIEATRIMONY. 0 HNTLIMAN, 26, large means,position IVI wishes marriage lady means. Strictest secrecy. Box 411, Advertiser Office, Northumberland Aveave, W.O.

fJottsts anti tanb on 'att.

lIHALTHY /I ARROW, Main Line, Freehold Villa, £500; 2 reception, 4 bed, kitchen, tiled hearths, 2 close ranges, bath, h. and c., 2 sr.c s.—siskLutras, Wealdston.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
03r5t5. 3300, Ithr *tack zg.c

t..HAND LOT OF STORE PIGS for sale eat% week; all size.; delivered free.—TAvi.ol, Nee ton-le-Willows. (AN SALK Heavy Cart HORSE, eight years old, quiet and \_.l good worker; cheap, suit farmer.—Wit.wiim COSl:Degler, Mill it., Westboughton, Wigan.

FOR SA.LIFS. grand line barley tatTREIV)II/1 PUP • ; sire Berkley Sult,n ; darn Shrimp Girl ; El is. and El each. —R. WRIGHT, 106, bhellfield rd., Southport.

JJ- ANDSOME jet black PititSlAN MALEC CAT,II months, deep orange eyes, splendid coat and brush, clean, healthy, sacrifice 255. ; to kind home.—DEAN, 22, Station rd., Padinarn.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
TELEPHONE No. 355 y. JOHN WALKER & CO. EXAMINER OFFICE

ihotels, lOporos, zoarbina *Stabs

BRITOm bi.—Temperanee Boarding Establishment. 14 tiH years eonnected.—Mrs. BUNN, 152, Marine Parade.

00tor earsleptito, ctarriages, etc

QRNT'S 1905 New £8 as. Cycle for Sale ; sacrifice • £4 15s , —TAYLOR, 2, Haseibury Road, Edmonton, London. VICTORIA ; cockshoot's-build; fair condition; cheap ; can V be seen from 9to 11 a.m.—Dr. ILDEBTON, Fairfield, Manchester.

CYOLB TYRES wired or beaded, new 6s. 6d. each; lone tubes, 26 64. each.—KNowmrs, 22. Wyndham rd. Upton Park.

O SAL R Two good GLASS SIDED HMAREttS, adjust kJ able Shutters, cheap.—Apply Joux LELRY, Undertaker, 188 Brick Road Liverpool.

Two oicomis. LoclT's and Gent's almost new; free _1 wheels, two brakes (Crabb's), Dunlop tyres.—Apply 4, WHALLEY Sr.. WMI7IEIOOII.

2il ShTS OLD HAIDSUSS, £1 to £2 108. ; sundry 1.1 bridles, collar!, gears, gent's saddles, and head collars CUMMINS, Sadler, touthport.

1905 GRNT.B Free-wheel Cycle; 2 brakes, and plated rim., Dunlop ,yres ; accept £4 15A. Will send on approval.-7, DAVENPORT RD.. Shepherd's Bush.

ON EIALIi two NSW COAL LIIERIHS, one SHANDY, and one COSY CAR, seat four, must be cleared, room svanted.—Apply JAMES Jommr, 218, Wallgate, Wigan.

PUMATIC TYRES (made on improved prinotples),— Covers. 4s. 3d 4s 6d , ss. ; tubes, 2$ 3d , 28. 6d., 38. Post free from UIVITT, 17. Newton Chambers, Birmingham.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 14',XAMINER.

APRIL 1. 1905.

THE PARLIAMEN- TARY FARCE.

The Parliamentary farce, which will

always be associated

with Mr. BALFOUR'S , Premiership, was enacted again on Tuesday night. Mr. Josnru WALrox, in moving his resolution, said that the House of Commons could not be put off with the plea that it had nothing to do with the subject of Retaliation. It had a right to call on Mr. BALFOUR to explain how he proposed to deal with hostile tariffs. This was like calling spirits from the vast deep. We do not believe that Mr. BALFOUR has the slightest intention of explaining, even at the General Election. Ho has laid down the prin ziple that we ought to retaliate on the countries, which impose heavy tariffs on our goods. It is a principle which cannot be explained except by an adminis- trative Act applied to a particular case. If the constituencies were green enough to give Mr. BALFOTJR a mandate they would wake up one morning and find a heavy duty clapped on some necessary commodity, which would promptly I advance in price. The late Lord SALISBURY, who was in favour of Retaliation of a sort, never explained it beyond the point where Mr. BALFOUR has taken it up. it might be necessary said Lord SALISBURY, to deny certain foreign goods access to , our markets until the country in which they I were produced bad consented to moderate It 3 tariff. But what country and what goods should be selected for the retaliatory process Lord SALTS- BuitY never would tell, and Mr. BALFOUR will not tell. There is, of courso, only one way of working with a policy which cannot be explained until it explains itself with actions. Debating it in the House of Commons is of small service when there is nothing to go upon but the blessed formula, and when its supporters would rather not go into the Division Lobby. Mr. BALFoim and his policy wil

be rejected at the polls as soon as we can get to the polls. We shall kuow just as much about Retaliation then as ;vs know now. But the knowledge will be amply sufficient. Every- body can see that the movement to abandon free imports for the sake of retaliating on some foreign tariff will start you on an adventure which leads straight to Mr. CHAMBERLALN'S proposals. It is simply die to imagine that you can play with retaliatory duties without strengthening the case for differential duties in favour of the Colonies. As nobody would hear in any case of retaliating on our Protectionist-Colonies, the retaliation on foreign countries would at once establish a Colonial Preference. Mr. BALFOUR must be perfectly alive to this, although he is careful not to say so. On Wednesday, Mr. BALFOUR treated the House of Commons in his characteristic fashion. He professed to be quite unaware that on the previous night the House had condemned his fiscal policy by a resolution against which he and his party were afraid to divide. having read the resolution with ostentatious indifference, he announced that he saw no reason for taking any action. Mr. CHURCHILL asked whether such a decision was consistent with public duty and personal honour, but Mr. BatFoun was quite unmoved. On the point of honour, it is refreshing to know the opinion of the "Daily Telegraph," which informs the Opposition that they are not waging" honour- able warfare " ; they have violated the "Parlia- mentary armistice": " they will take cover under a. white flag or fire upon one with sublime impar- tiality." As the "Daily Telegraph "likened the Liberal party lately to "hungry wild beasts at the Zoo," the new impeachment seemed a trifle flat. But what is the "armistice " which the Opposition have disregarded? Merely because Mr. BALFOUR holds that the present Parliament has nothing to do with the fiscal question, the Opposition are expected to consider themselves bound by that opinion, and they continue their attacks. This is not "honourable warfare " ! Teesday's resolution, entered in the journals of the House without a dissentient voice, is beneath Mr. BALFOUR'S notice. Everything that happens in the House when he chooses to absent himself is beneath his notice. He does not read the news- papers. He does not even ask a private secretary what the House has been doing; but if a vote of No Confidence should be moved from the Front Opposition Bench, Mr. BALFOUR will condescend to accept the challenge.

Does the Prime Minister still command the confidence of his party Some of them suggest that he does not. The Tariff Reform league has scoffed at his fiscal policy. On Wednesday the "Daily Mail," which has hitherto supported the Government, threw them over, and declared that the situation was made intolerable by the dissen- sions in the Unionist:camp. This is a pretty clear symptom of disorganisation. The supporters of Mr. CHAMBERLAIN cannot contain their impatience. Mr. BALvona. has forfeited their confidence. Still they might rally to the call of the Whips if the Leader of the Opposition were to move a vote of censure. However, a full debate on the extra- ordinary attitude Mr. BALFOUR has adopted would be advantageous, and it might be well for Sir H. CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN to bring it about without delay. The Government business is falling out of gear. Not a single Bill has yet been introduced. Mr. ARNOLD-FOSTBR'S continuous explorations show that the Army muddle is as great as ever. Ministers are doing nothing which excites even the smallest interest on their own side. We were told that Mr. BALFoun ought to stay in office until the Far Eastern War is over, as he alone is competent to maintain british interests in the difficult negotiations that will arise over the settlement of peace. We see no sign that Mr. BALFOUR is competent to maintain anything: A Minister who allows his own personal credit to suffer so much is not exactly the man to represent his country in:any international crisis. Mr. BALFOUR has initiated a procedure which would bring the House of Commons into utter disrespect if it were established as a preced3nt. He denies the right of the House to express an opinion except under conditions which he chooses to impose. No Prime Minister has ever before arrogated this prerogative —not even Prime Ministers like Palmerston, Disraeli, and Gladstone,wlao exercised an authority and weilded a power which Mr. BALFoun is never likely to attain.

The meeting of the Town Council on Tuesday evening will be more than ordinarily interesting. In addition to the consideration of the estimates of expenditure for the various committees and the fixing of, the rates during the ensuing year,there are several items on the agenda which should provoke animated discussion.

Public salaried appointments are invariably the subject of keen interest among the community immediately concerned, and there can be no surprise that the Deputy Town Clerkship of War- rington is eagerly discussed wherever men do con- gregate. The post is probably the most important of the subordinate Corporation offices and it is a considerable time since there was a vacancy such as is caused by Mr. Stanley Wilson's promotion to the Borough of Leigh. A': sub-committee of the General Purposes Committee has already considered and reported on the matter and made recommendations which will be discussed at Tuesday's meeting. The Deputy- Town Clerk's duties are defined under ten separate heads, and they are of a most onerous and respon- sible character, involving the appointment of a qualified solicitor. The sub-committee recommends ' a salary of £175 rising by annual increases of £l5 to a maximum of £250. Here will probably be found the bone of contention—at least we hope so for the credit of Warrington. One hundred and seventy five pounds for a fully-qualified solicitor expected to carry out the duties of Deputy Town clerk to a Borough of 70,000 inhabitants and possessing a rateable value of £250,000 seems to us paltry in tho extreme. There are men working under the Corporation who have had no profes- sional training, and who require to pass no examinations, who can command an equal sum. There is no premium on brains offered here, and we are convinced that th 3 Council will not be con- sidering the best interests of the town or even acting fairly to the members of the legal profession unless it offers a more substantial salary for the man who will be required to act as Mr. Lyon Whittle's deputy. There is ample evidence of a false notion of economy in the sub-committee's proposals and we hope they will be revised on a basis commensurate with the dignity of the borough and of the office which is rendered vacant by Mr. Wilson's removal.

Twelve months months ago, in commenting upon the financial pos•tion of the borough as indicated by the annual budget statement,we remarked : "It- will be no mean achievement if the year terminates Iwith a balance in the bank,instead of,as at present, due to the bankers ' " We are pleased to be anle to congratulate the Council and officials upon having accemolished the feat, for the deficit of £3,362 on the Borough Rate account has dwindled to £li, while in place of the bank overdraft of £2766 10i. on the Improvement Rate account, there is now a credit balance of £551 153. 63. Of course it must not be forgotten that a large pro.

portion of the increased call last year was necessi- tated by these two items, and that rates were levied to meet the deficits. What is more important to the lay mind, which is not much concerned about the fluctuations of bank balances, is the fact that the total of the rates is less by 2d. than it was a year ago. Instead of the increase which the overburdened ratepayers have tremblingly anticipated they will be called upon to pay 7s. Bd. in the pound instead of 7s. 10d. The good news is all the more welcome because of its unexpectedness. When it was announced a few weeks ago that the call for educational purposes was increased by £1,435 7s. 11d, or about lid. in the pound, there was no hope in the town that the final rates would be less than Bs., but the fact that the money owing to the bank had been met by last year's heavy call was over- looked. The reduction in the rates, ho sever, is not at all an indication that the town is costing less to govern and maintain. In fact the opposite is the case, the tendency still being for the rates to go up. We would not willingly damp the satis faction which will be felt by thn ratepayers at the ' reduction of al. which has been effected. A reduc- tion, however small, and for whatever reason. is hailed as a shower would be on the parched plains of India. Twopence is twopence—and consider- ably more when it is "in the pound." Had it been sixpence we might have hoped that there was a possibility, by careful management, of bringing the rates down to a normal level. But the fact has to be faced that with the increased cost of education and town improvements nothing but a tight hand will keep the upward tendency of the rates within moderate bounds.

The estimates of nearly all the,Committees show a slight increase, but nothing beyond what might reasonably be expected. Last year over £l,BOO was cut out of the estimates at the last moment; this year they have practically passed through unscathed. The only item which has been refused sanction is one of £2OO for the exten- sion of the Library scheme, the Museum Committee again having appealed fruitlessly for this modest sum. When it is reflected that the Council by special resolution two years ago agreed to a scheme for a provision of three delivery stations, and a reading room at Silver street, it seems the height of • inconsis- tency for them to persist in refusing the money. Two hundred pounds is a very small sum compared with the utilitarian advantages which must accrue from its investment in this direction. It is a matter for regret that the operation of the Education Act caused Councillor Upson's retirement from the Council. He stood sponsor to the scheme, and would, we think, have carried it through are this. Perhaps Alderman Bennett will once more take up the cudgels and endeavour to persuade his somewhat mercenary- minded confreres that an extension of the facilities for reading can only result in the benefit of the community.

The road-foremanship is to be finally considered at a special meeting of the Paving and Sewerage Committee on Monday, Old will be discussed by the Council through the med!ure of a suspension of the Standing Orders the following evening. As the advertisement indicated, the duties now in- clude those of the macadam road foreman, but it is somewhat of a surprise to find that none of the three men who were favourites a month ago are requested to appear before the committee on Monday. A new set of applications appears to have been received, though the additional duties are not of a particularly exacting or difficult nature. However there is probably no likelihood of a recurrence of the friction which arose from the committee's recommendation to the earlier appointment.

We are anxious to join nearer friends and aquaintances in our expressions of regret at the death of Alderman Sutton. He was warmly esteemed in the town which has witnessed the passing of nearly all his days, and which has been served faithfully by him during the years of a long life. There was unassuming amiability 'about the late Alderman's manner which won him friends even among foes—if we can so describe those who differed from him on political and other grounds. He was never bitter—a fact which was often evident when he crossed swords with an adversary in the Council Chamber. An unsparing sarcasm tinged with humour served him instead of sharper weapons. Alderman Sutton was a worthy War- ringtonian,and his departure from our midst leaves a distinct sense of public loss.

As was expected, Alderman Benn,tt had suc- ceeded to the chairmanship of the Education Com- mittee and there is a consensus of opinion that he well deserves.the honour. He has taken a keen interest in the workkg of the new act in Warring- ' itoownlnang so le end daltahbougahheexwpielrl experienced a irnia a difficult task akis m nfort F. Monks, we have no doubt that his conduct in the chair will lack nothing for want of earnest en- deavour. We would, however, counsel Alderman Bennett to do that which is foreign to his nature. It is essential that he should at all times be firm rather than conciliatory. At any rate he must be firm first and conciliatory afterwards, if the members of the committee are to be kept in order. Several times at Wednesday evening's meeting they showed a tendency to get out of hand, and ALierman Bennett, who has a great regard for the dignity of the authority, would do well in future to maintain a strict com- pliance with the rules governing the committee's procedure. It is a matter for congratulation that the committee has succeeded in retaining the services of .tilderman Pierpoint and we hope he will make special efforts to prove himself a capable and hard-working vice-chairman now that he has consented to accept office.

Education is receiving quite its due share of public discussion in Warrington, and various aspects of the question have been in the forefront during the past week. The members of the Teachers' Association held their annual meeting on Saturday and by a thoughtful address Mr. S. W. Jeffery, the newly elected president, at once proved his fitness for the office. With his advocacy of a national system of education we are in complete accord, for, as he well pointed out, education is not a parochial question, but a matter of great concern to 1, the nation at large. Therefore the charge for it should come upon the national Exchequer. There are two very distinct sides to the subject of smaller classes which Mr. Jeffery was equally emphatic in pressing. While a greater restriction of the number of scholars to be controlled by each teacher would doubtless increase the standard of efficiency, it would involve the employment of more teachers and a correspondingly augmented expenditure. Whethcr the ratepayers would be willing ta make the necessary sacrifice at present is a question open to doubt, and by setting the pace too rapidly in these matters there is a danger- of a revulsion of feeling to the detriment of educa- tion. Saturday also witnessed an interesting event at Penketh, and the members of the Society of Friends are to be congratulated upon the hand- some extension of the co-educational school which is doing such a useful work there.

England has not a littlo to learn from America in regard to education, and some valuable details of the system built up by our transatlantic cousins were presented by Mr. E. S. A. Robson, head- master of the Secondary School, in a lecture on Wednesday evening. The great advantage which the Americans enjoy is absolutely free education 'to the ago of eighteen, and children can pass through both elementary and secondary schools without having to pay fees or purchase books. In Warrington we are happily making progress in the provision of secondary education, but full advantage cannot be taken of the facilities by all to whom they would be of undoubted benefit owing to the somewhat prohibitive charges. The Education Committee has taken a step in the right direction in empowering head teachers of elementary schools to nominate a limited number of children for free scholarships to the higher institution.

U

1 ‘ 1 1

.*

I

t ) ; l' 1

e 4

•

===== 0002601_19050401_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i

===== 0002601_19050401_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
..:.:4'A',..'..,:','-:,:.;:.'.,'. ..,..,..,.::-.::.i..;,:,!:,?7,.qt,,,,...

===== 0002601_19050401_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Children's Dangerous Practice. The danger attending the practice, unfortunately common amongst children, of hanaing on" behind lurries and other yehicles,was illustrated by an accident which befel Reginald Wilkes, aged nine years, of 22, Atherton-street on Monday afternoon. He was riding on the end of a lurry in Factory-yard when he was pulled off by another boy. He fell to the ground, and the wheel caught his leg, inflicting a wound. He was taken to the Inarmary, and detained for treatment. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASb MINERAL

===== 0002601_19050401_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
WATERS.—Advt.

Handsome Gift to the Infirmary. At the monthly meeting of the Board of Manage- ment held at the Infirmary yesterday afternoon, it was announced that the Hon. Misses Ellinor and Elizabeth Wilson-Patten had sent cheques for ..-F..105 each to the ciedit of the Infirmary as contributions in aid of such additions or improvements for accommodation of patients as may be found desirable by the Board of Manage- meLt when the time comes, and it was resolved "That the most cordial thanks of the Board of Management of the Warrington Infirmary be conveyed to the Hon. Miss Ellinor Wilson Patten and her sister for their very generous gifts of two hundred guineas for exten- sion or improvement purposes, conveyed by cheques in letter dated March 27th, 1905." The hon. treasurer has placed these amount's to the credit of separate accounts which he has opened in accordance with the wishes of these ladies.

H. M. ASHTON'S Li M TONIC is the KING of TONICS.-63. SANKEY-eTttsF.T, Warrington.—Aclvt.

Action by Sir Gilbert Greenall. Sir Gilbert Greenall, of WarraTton, was the plaintiff and Mr. W. J. 'Patera, a Cardiff ship-owner, the defendant in a horse case which was tried on IThursday in the King's Bench Division, before the Lord Chief Justice and a special jury. Mr. Shea, K.C., said the plaintiff had bought ithe mare Mel Valley Princess from the defendant for ..f.,500. Then he found that she was a confirmed " wind-sucker," and therefore of no use to him for breeding. She had been resold as a ", wind-sucker " for ;£250, and the present claim was for the balance of £250, with .4.:28 ;is expenses. Mr. Tatem said he gave £7OO for the mare in 1002,and he had since exhibited her at shows with great success. When she was resold for ;c250 he bought her back, giving the parc baser a profit, and she was now in as good condition as ever she was. The jury gave a verdict for the defendant, and judgment followed.

PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt.

Workingmen's Mission. The third Band of Hope entertainment of the season was held in the schoolroom on Tuesday evening, when Mrs. Simpson presided. The programme opened with a well-executed pianoforte solo by Miss B. Leigh. Recitations were given by Misses Kinsey, A. Taylor, L. Kendrick, G. Hughes, M. Gilbert, G. Morris, H. Cox ; Mastersl Dennett and C. Foster. Miss Cook and Mrs. Gray contributed solos, for which they received hearty applause. A. pianoforte and mando- line duet was given by Miss Leigh and Miss Thomp- son. The dialogue " Good and bad management, was given by Bessie Foster, Sarah Parkinson, Hilda Morris and Gertie Morris in a pleasing manner. Charlotte Jones and Bessie Foster sang a duet in good style. The dialogue " Cousin Alice's Story " was given by Clara foster, Charlotte "Jones and Emily Foster. Harry Rowley, Harry Pritchard, Arthar Morris' and Ernest Whitley recited "The Chain of Drink." The dialogue " Seaside Lodgings " was given by the members of Sankey Bridges Band of Hope, and was much enjoyed. A very successful and enjoyable entertainment concluded with the Doxology.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.—AdVt•

County Council's Experiments. Two interesting pamphlets have just been issued by the Agricultural Department of the Education Com- mittee of the County Council of Lancaster and contain information of considerable value to agriculturalists. The first booklet gives the report of an experiment on different varieties of potatoes, conducted at the County Council farm. It is pointed out that year by year agriculturists have to decide as to the most suitable variety of potato for their respective re- quirements. Very many varieties are on the marltet, some of which are good, some had, and some indiffer- ent, and some are not known at all by the goneral community. New varieties are often very costly, and before their true value can be known they must be tested in various ways, and if they fail to stand the test they soon pass out of cultivation. Seeing that new varieties are so expensive, and that an adequate comparison of several varieties involves a large amount of time and trouble, which the ordinary farmer would hardly care to give—although some do a great deal in this directioa—it was decided by the committee to test a few new varieties grown extensively at the present time. The results are presented in full. The second pamplet contains reports of experiments on the manuring of potatoes, and the planting of potatoes at different distances apart. The experi- ments in each case have been conducted by Mr. John Bayne, M.A., B. Sc., principal of agriculture, and Mr. Edward Porter, B. Sc., N.D.A., lecturer in agriculture. PUBLIC BENEFIT. UNDER TILE CLOCK FOR Busy BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt.

• Sale of Passive Resisters' Goods. Exceedingly brief and of a purely formal character were the proceedings at the sale, conducted by Mr. Robert Lowe on Tuesday morning of the goods recently seized from local passive resisters in payment of the rate devoted to educational purposes. The sale took place in Mr. Lowe's sale yard, Bank street, in the presence of a small assembly, including several of the resisters. Mr. F. W. Timperley represented the assistant overseer (Mr. W. H. Woodcock). The following are the names of the resisters, together with the goods seized, and the amount of rate required in each case : Rev. W. J. Roberts, 30, Parker-street, pair of statuettes, 6s. 11d.; Miss Emma J, Fieldhouse, Bridge-street, lady's gold watch. 10s. Bd. ; Evan E. Hughes, 10, Crosfield-street pair of marli horses and watch and chain 7s. Gd ; Thomas Dale, 90, Priestley-street, silver-Plated tea p0t,7.15. 4d. ; Edward Howard, 192, Padgate-lane, watch and chain, ss. ; William Clatworthy. 21, Lovely, lane, pair of silver candlesticks, Gs. Bd. All the goods with the exception of two lots, were bought in on behalf of the resisters. The Rev. W. J. Roberts be- came the purchaser of his own statuettes for 17s. the gold watch belonging to Miss Fieldhouse was " knocked down" to Mr. Fernley, while Mr. Plump- ton bought in the articles taken from Mr. Clat worthy and Mr. Dale. The lots which went to outside parties were Mr. Evan E. Hughes's marli horses and watch and chain (a Mr. Shaw purchasing them for 155.) and Mr. Howard's watch and chain which were sold to Mr. Rosevear for Bs. LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt.

Volunteer Sergeants' Annual Dinner. The 3rd annual sergeants' dinner, in connection with the Ist. V.B. P.W.V., South Lancashire Regiment was hold at the Winmarleigh Cafe, on Saturday even- ing, covers being set for about 60. The company included Colonel Edlesten, Majors. J. D. Fairclough, B. Fairclough, and F. M. Appleton, Captains Hutchinson, Potter, Williamson and Avery, Lieutenants J. F. Smith, and H. 0 wen, Mr. W. Owen, Mr. Greenall, and Sergeant-Major Rawlinson. The following representatives also attended from the Bth and 40th Depot —Sergeant-Major Delmage, Colonel- Sergeants Kelly and Nevvall, and Sergeant Roberts. After dinner, which was served in the Café's usual satisfactory manner, there was a very attractive pro- gramme, Colour-Sergeant Cliff (president of the Sergeants' Mess), being in the chair. "The , Health of the King" was given by the ! Chairman, and was enthusiastically received. I The next toast was "Colonel Edlesten and Officers of the Battalion," given by Quartermaster Sergeant Willcocks, and was responded to by Colonel Edlesten, in a pithy speech, full of good advice to all present. Colour-Sergeant Cliff then gave "The Army and Navy," which was responded to by Major F. M Appleton, in the absence of the Adjutant, Captain Bundock. "The Visitors," by Sergeant-Major Ingram, was responded to by Sergeant-Major Delmage. The rest of the evening was passed very enjoyably by all present, with songs, recitations, and brief speeches. The following was the programme :---Major B. Fairdough, song, "Sweet Marie"; Sergeant F. A. Coulden, song, "Good-bye, Little Yellow Bird " ; Mr. H. Sutton, song, "The Powder Monkey," also " Navaho " ; Mr. W. Owen. song, "The Veteran's Song" Mr. J. Broadhurst, song, " Anchored " ; Mr. Maynard, song, "The Serenaders," and a recitation, "The Lincoln " ; Sergeant Walker, song, "Old Bull and Bush" ; Captain Williamson, song, Oh, promise me"; Colour-Sergeant Taylor, song, "In Old Madrid " ; Colour-Sergeant Kelly, song, "Callaghan," and also another song. Mr. Sutton acted as accompanist.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, April 1, 1905. DEATH OF ALDERMAN SUTTON.

Warrington Ragged School Mission. The pretty cantata " Red Riding Hold" and miscellaneous concert recently given at the Parr Hall by the pupils of Miss Williams' school were repeated on Monday evening at the Ragged School. Nearly 100 performers took part in the entertainment, which was excellently rendered before a crowded audience. The good singing and clever acting of the children were evidence of the great labour and pains Miss Williams and her assistants must have bestowed in training them. The entire proceeds, £3, were handed over to the Mission funds by Miss Williams, and to that lady and her clever pupils,the Executive tendered their hearty thanks.

UNDER T-lIE CLOCK for Good BOOTS.—Advt.

Salmon in the Mersey at Warrington. On Saturday last two well-known local anglers, Samuel Thomas and William Boyle, were walking along the river bank by the six-acre reach between Walton Arches and Messrs. Kenyon's Works when their attention was directed to the efforts of some small boys who were endeavouring to catch a fish in a puddle of water left by the recent high tides. The two anglers succeeded in capturing the fish and after Encuring a bait-can conveyed it alive to the Town Hall where it was placed in the aquarium. The fish, how- ever, did not long survive the struggles which it had gone through and it was found dead on Monday morn- ing. It is a salmon smolt or young salmon just past the parr stage, and when captured was in splendid condition, its sides glistening like bars of polished silver. Several shoals of fish, in all probablity,young salmon or smolts, were seen in the river and watched by :an interested crowd on the bank. It is also reported that several porpoises were seen at Bank Quay. There can be little doubt that if the pollution of the river was stopped it would soon be stocked with salmon and other fish and the river would become famous as a salmon river as in the days of a hundred years ago.

Sankey, Stott, Wright, Fulton Smith, Benson, Barton, Brough, Skelland, Clegg, Hulse, Lrd, Wilson and Magian. The Borough Bench was represented by :—Messrs. John Fairclough, F. Monks, Henry Roberts, A. J. Jolley, J. W. Hayward, R. T. Fairclough, W. Roberts, O. Jackson Holmes, H. Thornton, Dr. Fox, J. Rymer Young, and G. F. F. White (magistrates' clerk). In addition to members of the Corporation andßorough &rich, the following represented the Education Com- mittee :—Revs. John Yonge and Father Wilson, Messrs. W. Bibby, J. Moore Murray (director) and E. S. A. Robson (headmaster of the Technical Institute.) The following officials of the Corporation attended:— Messrs. J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), T. Longdin (borough surveyor), W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), F. Taylor (secretary of gas department), F. V. L.Matthews (electrical engineer), C. Madeley (librarian), Luke Talbot (chief constable), Dr. It. Smith (police surgeon), F. G. Ruddock (borough analyst), T. H. Spinks (chief , clerk in town clerk's department), J. J. A. Parfitt (cleansing superintendent), Robert Young (cemetery ' registrar), and Superintendent Turner (fire brigade). The Health Department, of which Alderman Sutton was the chairman for many years, was represented by —Dr. J. Guest Gornall (medical officer), Mr. W. T. 1 Flood (chief inspector of nuisances), and Inspectors Taylor, Stevens, Lewis, and Percival. The following were the representatives of the local Conservatives organizations :—Conservative Associa- tion. Messrs. John White (chairman), James Monro, W. D. Jeans, William Gill, William Tinsley, R.T. Smith, John Fairclough, W. Rogers, S. Davies, G. Jolley, George A. Ward, Robert Bolton. John Dewhurst, James Andrews, George Holford, George Watkins (late manager of the club), Henry, Isherwood WI. Holbrook (agent) ; Conservative Club, Sankey-street, Messrs. Hy. Collin (secretary), T. G. Sangster (manager), and AV. BelliF:n ; Junior Conservative Association and club, Messrs. E. Draper (chairman of the club),James Robin- son and Herbert Hayes (manager) ; Newton Division Conservation Association (Warrington Polling District), Mr. NV. A. Mawdsley. The Old Folk's Treat Committee, of which the late Alderman Sutton was president for a considerable period, was represented by Messrs. R. Shackleton, J. Sampson, W. Rogers, J. J. Nield, A. Jolley, Peter Chritues, G. Wright, and J. Potter. Mr. E. Rose was present on behalf of the Blue Coat Brotherly Society. and St. Paul's Church was repre- sented by Messrs. J. H. Stnethurst (vicar's warden), and J. Rigby (people's warden). Mr. W. Silcock was the representative of Parr's Bank, Limited. There were also present :—The Rector (Rev. Canon Willis), Revs. E. C. E. Carleton, H. R. Wild, and T. W. Barber. Dr. Adams, Messrs. Vera B. Davies, W. B. Roberts, R. G. Henshall, A. Browne, J. R. Williams, T. S. Steel, J. Mainwaring, R. Johnson, F. H. Ankland, NV. Povey, L. Bennett, R. H. Pearson, J. Critchley, F. Hickman, Parry, W. NV. Whittle; Messrs. C. T.llWhitley (chairman), Thomas Welsby, and J. G. Chappell (on behalf of the Warrington and South Lancashire Invest- ment Co., of which the late Alderman Sutton was a director.) _ .

, Mr. J. Charlton Parr wrote from Staunton Park,Here- fordshire, to Mr. W. Holbrook as follows : I regret absence from home prevents my attending the funeral of my .much-esteemed friend, Alderman Sutton. His loss will be sincerely deplored by a large circle of friends, public and private, and the Conservative Association will lose a staunch and steady supporter. Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., telegraphed: Deeply regret unable to aatend funeral of old and valued friend Alderman Sutton.

Mr. R. Pierpoint, MA, also regretted being unable to attend the funeral of his old friend owing to Parlia- mentary duties. Mr. John Sampson also forwarded an apology fot non-attendance. Beautiful floral tributes were forwarded by the following :—The family, Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall, Mr. Wood and family, Mr. J. C. Sutton, Frodsham, Mr. and Mrs. Sangster (Conservative Club), members of the Conservative Association, Blue Coat Brotherly Society, members of the Conservative Club, Mr. Edward Draper, Mr. anfi Mrs. R. Sutton, Liverpool, the employees of T. Sutton and Sons. Mr. and Mrs. John Sutton, Mr. and Mrs. Trueman Smith, Frodsham, Mr and Mrs. Ralph Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Sutton, "In affectionate remembrance of our late esteemed President, from the Old Folk's Treat Committee ", "With deepest sympathy from the Newton Division Conservative Association," Mr. and Mrs. H. Cookson,Mr. and Mrs.e. W. Francomb, Junior Conservative Association and Club, Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Clive, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Dupr4, Mrs. J. Shaw Green (Southampton), Messrs. J. Shaw Green and Co., Mr. C. P. Reid. Mil. and Mrs. IL F. Greenough, members of the Public Health Depart- ment, " From his cousins," and Mr. and Mrs. James Richardson. The coffin was of oak heavily moulded with brass mountings, and bore the inslription ; "Thos. Hindmarsh Sutton. Born Bth May, 1831. Died 28th March. 1905." The funeral arrangements were in the hands of Mr. Ralph Johnson.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
AMERICAN EDUCATION. Free Tuition to of Eighteen.

INTERESTING LECTURE BY MR. E. S. A. ROBSON.

Mr. E. S. A. Robson, M. Sc., headmaster of the War- rington Secondary School and Technical Institute, recently visited America with the object of collecting information concerning the elementary and higher education systems in operation there. Some of the most important results of his inquiries were interestingly sub- mitted in a lecture on " American Education," which Mr. Robson delivered in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey- street, on Wednesday evening, under the auspices of the Warrington Polyglot Society. There was a goof attendance, Mr. T. May (president of the society) pre- siding. The members of the Education Committee present were :—Alderman Smethurst, Rev. John Yonge, Mr. W. Bibby, Mr. A. J. Jolley, Mr. Holman Kingdon, and Councillor J. Fulton Smith. The CIIAIRMAN remarked that as they were anxious to remedy the backward state of educa- tion in this country, he was sure that audience would be glad to know what the Americans were doing. There was no one in this country apparently who was able and willing to do what an American had recently done for education by giving ten millions to one institution. It made one wish that we had a few men like Mr. Rockefeller in this country. Mi. RonsoN then proceeded to outline the educational scheme in the United States and by means of lantern slides showed the generous provision made for the mental and physical training of the pupils. Attention was drawn to the fact that in America free education is provided up to the age of 18 years in the Elementary and Secondary Schools ; this system obviates any difficulties arising out of the poverty of the parents. The lecturer also noted the weakness of English educa- tion insomuch as the small number of scholarships pre- cluded a number of pupils from participating in the benefits of higher education. In his opinion the recent action of the Warrington Education Committee was a step in the right direction, as for the future power was given to the headmasters of the elementary schools to select a number of children for free places at the Secondary School. The Americans laid great stress on manual training and the large sums of money expended in the Manual Training High Schools and in the Technical Institutes resulted in greater efficiency of the artisans and engineers. Such institutions as the Masachusetts Institute of Technology and the Cornell University were far ahead of anything, existing in I Great Britain, both from the point of view of equip- ment and the calibre of the students. The Universities of America were of a very mixed character, some being of first class while others were just as inefficient. The lecturer noted the tendency of the American University to drop culture studies and go in for more utilitarian curricula.

The pleasure of the descriptive account of educa- tional institutions was enhanced by tfie pictures thrown on the screen, and the views of New York,Washington, and Niagara Falls were particularly beautiful. At the conclusion of the lecture a vote of thanks to Mr. Robson was proposed by Mr. OCKEL ant seconded by M. SECRETAN, whose remarks were given in French. The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the lanternist (Mr. Kertland) for his able services, and to the Co-operative Society for the use of the lecture room.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RANDALL MEMORIAL CONCERT IN PARR HALL.

The concert promoted by a committee of which Mr W. H. Payton, Hug. Bac., Mr. T. D. Amos and Mr. A Clive were prominent members, with the object of benefitting the widow and family of the late Mr. Percy Randall, did not draw the numerous audience that might have been expected. Quite an array of local names of singers had been announced which, with the weight of Mr. T. J. Down's orchestra and Mr. R. H. Pearson's services as solo violinist thrown in, made up an impos- ing list of artistes. As a matter of fact it early became apparent that there was in reality a surfeit of both performers and programme items. What with unduly prolonged pieces and numerous recalls unfortunately construed into demands for more, the evening's enter- tainment was spun out to a wearisome length. Owing to some unfortuitous concurrence of circumstances it happened, too, that several of the songs were both unattractive and ineffective for concert-room purposes ; quite apart from the merit or the demerit of their rendering. Among these may be instanced Mr. Fred Fieldhouse's "When bright eyes glance " (Helgeeock), Miss M. W. Collin's " Daffodils a-blowing " (German) and Mrs. Arthur Booth's "Rebecca's prayer" (Ivanhoe), than which last mentioned it would be difficult to find an excerpt which could suffer more by the enforced severance from its proper surroundings of ; scenery costume and circumstance. In the later part of the programme Mrs. Booth had a second opportunity which she used to some- what better advantage, Miss M. V. White's song "The spring has come "being much more lyrical although it too, has little enough in it of potency to touch the listener's sympathy. The "Polacca ' (A. Goring Thomas), served its purpose very well in bringing to the front a new singer,Miss Pollie Houghton,and of display- ing the fine range of a soprano voice of promising sweetness and flexibility. Responding to acclamation with "The Swallows " (Cowen) one's good impressions were confirmed in regard to this young vocalist, whose development and career will, we opine, be watched with some interest by the Warrington musical public. A quintet comprising Miss G. Pemberton, Miss M. W. Collin, Mr. J. H. Draper, Mr. F. Fieldhouse and Mr. ,T, W. Bibby gave the item "Love is meant to make us glad" (from Merric England) with fine zest and in good style, and, later, Miss Pemberton sang the song "Sun- shine and Rain" (Blumenthal) in a most satisfactory way. The songs by Mr. J. W. Bibby and Mr. Rabbitt were the best feature of the concert. In "Lend me your aid" Mr. Rabliitt chewed himself in fine form, the opening recitative being declaimed with so much earnestness and feeling that the effective rendering of the moving appeal of the "Aria" was never felt to be a matter of doubt. Being greeted with quite enthusiastic applause Mr. Rabbit essayed "Take a pair of sparkling eyes," a song which he would seem to have lately made his own. Mr. Bibby's "Down in the deep" (Petrie), while admirably vocalised, was sung with too little visible feeling to be entirely successful. Yet it, too, won its encore—"in happy moments" (Wallace), in the interpretation of which Mr. Bibby was quite at home. The single number ("Nellie Gray ") set down in the programme for the male-voice quartet (Messrs. R. W. Cook, W. Critchley, P. George and W. Woodcock) was very tastefully and pleasingly sung by thersolo voice, and the ensemble would have been entirely satisfactory had the banjo accompaniment of the three other voices been made less assertive. In the encore item " Home Sweet Home " opportunity was found of engaging in more legitimate work, a very creditable rendering being here given of a piece of most interesting part-writing. Mr. Pearson' violin solo " Ifejre Kati" (tlubay) was nicely diversified in its two movements and being on the whole well played it was scarcely surprising that yet another encore piece—a romance of Berthold Tours's—had to be given to satisfy the clamourous audience. The pieces by the late Mr. T. J. Down's orchestra— now under the bat On of Mr. Arthur Down—bulked largely in the programme. Would that we could proportionately conrpliment the instrumentalists col- lectively and individually on the quality of their work. It is to be regretted that the various sections of the orchestra are handicapped from the beginning by faulty intonation ; the cornet soloist offending most seriously in this respect in the tediously long medley entitled " Morrie England." In matters of taste generally the orchestra would be infinitely benefitted by being held with a tighter rein. A meed of praise is duo to Mr. IV. H. Payton Mus. Bac. for his most tasteful accompaniments. We understand that a sum of about £26 will result from this concert enterprise.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
The " Father " of the Council,

By the death of Alderman Thomas llindmarsh Sutton, ,J.P., Wa..rington loses one of its most honoured townsmen and the Town Council its oldest member. The end was not unexpected, but, coming as it did in the sense of a personal loss t) a very wide circle, it evoked the deepest regret. For some con- siderable time it had been evident that the deceased alderman's health was breaking up. The death of his wife about three years ago was a heavy blow, and the anxiety told so severely upon him that his friends felt much concerned. After the lapse of a few months he appeared to regain almost his wonted activity and once more entered whole-heartedly into the discharge of the public duties with which he had been so long identified. Illness, however, again overtook him and during the past six months ho was compelled to lay aside most work. He suffered acutely from sciatica, and despite the attentions of Dr. Adams and, in c saltation, Dr. Steel, of Manchester, he gradually became weaker and passed away shortly before noon on Tuesdcy in his seventy-first year. An honourable and strenuous career is thus brought to a close. Alderman Sutton was one of those War- ringtonians who by dint of their own abilities and per- severance have gained a foremost place in their native town. He was born in 1834 ia a house in the Market- place, now forming part of the premises of Messrs. Robert Davies and Co.,solicitors. Since those days the neighbourhood has undergone a marked change,for when Alderman Sutton lived there pleasant gardens brightened the surroundings, and there was no market hall. The latter part of the late Alderman's education was received at the Warrington Blue Coat School where 200 day scholars, in addition to the children on the foundation, had the benefit of a valuable commercial education At theage of fourteen he entered the office of the late Mr. Beamont, who was then the first Mayor of Warrington, and made gratifying progress. Mr. Bearnont took a particular interest in him and often gave him private lessons after ofifice hours. After remaining eight years ' in Mr. Bennett's service, Mr. Sutton accepted the position of cashier and managing clerk in the office of Mr. George Webster, a well known Liverpool solicitor, and acted in that capacity for eight or nine years. The next step in his career was to enter into the business of auctioneer and valuer with his brother, Mr. J. C. Sutton, who subsequently relinquished the workand devoted himself entirely to Poor Law matters, obtaining the appointment of Clerk to the Board of Guardians which he at present holds. The business has since remained in the hands of Alderman Sutton and it was a tribute to the confidence reposed in him that he was often engaged to value property in connection with arbitration proceedings necessitated by street improve- ments. In 1859 Alderman Sutton was married to Miss Rogers, the daughter of a well-known professional gentleman in Worcester, and she too was held in high esteem by the townspeople. As a staunch Conservative, Alderman Sutton was prominently identified with the party organization in Warrington and in the neighbouring constituency of Newton. About thirty-five years ago he was appointed registration agent and secretary by the Conservatives in the Borough, his knowledge of registration law particularly fitting him for the position. At the same time he had thelconduct of the revisions and elections in of about twenty different townships in South-West Lan- cashire. He was one of the Executive Committee at Liverpool who selected Mr. Richard Assheton Cross (now Lord Cross) to contest South-West Lancashire in 1868 against Mr. Gladstone. In Warrington Parliamen- tary Elections he was always to the fore, and more especially when the late Sir Gilbert Greenall sought the suffrages of the electors. Up to the time of his death he retained the oifice of hon. secretary to the IConservative Association, and was also hon. secretary of the Warrington polling district of the Newton Parlia- mentary division. For upwards of thirty years Alderman Sutton served continuously as a member of the Town Council and dis- played the keenest interest in all matters touching the progress of the municipality. In 1874 he successfully contested the South West Ward (now St. Austin's Ward) in the Conservative interest, and rapidly proved his capabilities for Town Council work. His valuable services were recognized in 1886 when he was elected to the Aldermanic bench, whilst in the following year the highest honour of the Council was con- ferred upon him by his unanimous election as Mayor of the Borough in succession to the late Alderman Pickmere. Lie discharged the duties ably and impartially for two years. During the whole of his public career Alderman Sutton was most assiduous in his attention to committee work and took particular interest in the Health and Street Improvement Com- mittees of which he was chairman. At the time of his death he was also a member of the Watch, Town Hall, Parks and Baths, Rivers, Electricity and Tramways, and General Purposes Committee. In addition he was a representative member of the Education Committee, represented Warrington on the Manchester Port Sanitary Authority, and served, on behalf of the Council, on the governing body of the Warrington Grammar School. At the Town Council meetings the late Alderman entered Into the various debates with considerable ardour. He was always outspoken and never hesitated to express what to him was a conviction, no matter how numerous or powerful were his opponents. He was generally regarded as the wag of the Council, and his remarks were often illumined with flashes of wit which created a ripple of merriment in the Council Chamber. As a justice of the peace Alderman Sutton was very regular lin his attendance at the Police Court, having been a member of the Bench since 1886 when he was appointed by the crown. A beneficent work which the late alderman had very closely at heart was the provision of an annual treat to the aged poor of the town. For a long period he held the office of president of the committee which under- took the arrangements, and his cheery presence at the gatherings was a source of delight to the old folk by whom he will be greatly missed. Although he was far from well, he attended the last treat held in the Parr Hall early in the new year and delivered an interesting address.

Of the many other organizations with which Alderman Sutton was identified it is impossible to speak fully. At one time he was a member of the Board of Guardians and discharged the duties with ability. He was actively connected with St. Paul's Church and had held the office; of sidesman and warden, taking the deepest interest in the progress of the church and its various organizations. He was the last hon. secretary of the Mechanics' Institute, while the Blue Coat Brotherly Society had in him a valuable vice-president. Another useful institution which claimed his support was the Savings' Bank and he performed good service as a manager. Few gentlemen commanded more general respect than the late Alderman Sutton,his geniality not less than his devotion to public work making him one of the most popular figures in his native town. He leaves five sons with whom much sympathy is expressed in their breave- ment.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL,

There was a striking demonstration of respect and sympathy at the funeral which took place at the Ceme- tery yesterday. The large representation of public bodies was evidence of the active part which the deceased alderman took in the town's affairs and of the esteem in which he ,has been held by all sections of the corn- tnunity. The cortege left the deceased's late residence in Springfield-street at 11.30 and was joined by a large number of coaches conveying members of the Corpora- tion. Education Committee and other public bodies. At the head walked a posse of police in charge of the Chief Constable (Mr. Luke Talbot) and Chief Inspector Phillips. On the route many townspeople ;had gathered to pay a last tribute of respect. The service in the Cemetery Chapel was con- ducted by the Rev. W. Bracecamp, vicar o St. Paul's, and at the graveside the Rev. H. V. Pigot, vicar of Stockton Heath and graveside, of St. Paul's, officiated. The last rites were witnessed by a large assembly. The chief mourners were :—Messrs. A. R. Sutton, T. A. Sutton, J. H. Sutton, and W. D. Sutton (sons), 'Messrs. James C. Sutton and John C. Sutton (brothers), Mr. J. A. Sutton (nephew), Messrs. James Wood and Robert Sutton, Liverpool (cousins), Rev. F. Lake Good and Mr. John Hindley (relatives, Messrs. T. Birtles, H. Cookson, Birkenhead, Alderman H. Gamlin, ea-Mayor of Birkenhead, and R. T. Smith, Overton, Frodsham (friends). The past and present members of the office staff of Messrs. T. Sutton and Sons in attend- ance were :—Messrs.E. Lockett, A. H. Clive, C. Reid, A. Bennett, G. Grounds, J. Gerrard, and F. Short, and Messrs. Massey and Booth represented the workmen. The Mayor and Town Clerk were unable to be present as they were attending the Municipal Associations' Con- ference in London. The following members of the Corporation were present :—Aldermen Fairclough (deputy-mayor), Francomb, Hutchinson, Smethurst, Bennett, and Pierpoint, Councillors Tinnion, Burton, Wilkinson, Evans, J. Roberts, Forshaw, Craik, Ashcroft,

===== 0002601_19050401_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S GOLDEN BUTTER

BISCUITS.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Magisterial Reference.

Reference was made to the late Alderman Sutton before the commencement of the ordinary business at the Warrington police courts on Wednesday. Alderman Hutchinson who presided on the Bench said that on behalf of the magistrates be desired to express his sincere regret at the death of their dear old friend and brother magistrate, Alderman Sutton. His death would be a great loss to the bench and to everyone who knew him. He was a gentleman probably more capable than most people as he was :keen and far-seeing in matters connected with justice. He was a very old magistrate and they all deeply regretted his death. They had great sympathy for hie family and friends. The Chief Constable, on behalf of the police force- desired to humbly and respectfully associate himself with the expression of sympathy and regret. During the eleven years he had been in Warrington, Alderman Sutton had been a magistrate and a member of the Watch Committee. Alderman Sutton was the father of the Council, and also the father of the Bench, and he was sure no one would miss him from the Bench and Watch Committee more than the members of the police force, who would miss both his wise head and kindly heart.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
REFERENCE AT THE EDUCATION COMMITTEE MEETING.

At the annual meeting of the Education Committee held on Wednesday evening, Alderman Bennett, the newly-elected chairman, said : It is with great regret that have to annonnce the death of Alderman Thomas Sutton, the father of the Council, a member of our committee, and a representative governor of the Grammar School. In consequence of his many duties and his increasing infirmity, Alderman Sutton was not able to take that active part in the work of this cora; mittee which he would have liked, but be was always deeply interested in its proceedings. This is not the time or place to speak of all his other multifarious services to the town of his birth. Every- body knew him and everybody liked him, and it will be long indeed before his genial place is filled. lam sure I shall be expressing your united wishes when I move : That this committee desires to place'on record the great loss the town has sustained by the death of Alderman Thomas H. Sutton, J.P., and to convey to his family their deep symptithy with them in their bereavement. Alderman Pierpoint said he had a melancholy satis- faction inseconding. He was sure it needed no words of his to impress the fitness of the resolution. The resolution was carried in silence.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH

OF WARRINGTON.

WEEK ENDING MARCH lith, 1905.

Daring the week, the following births and deaths were registered :—Warrington Registration District births, 6f, deaths, 23. The excess of births over deaths was 38. _

The birth-rate was equal to 45.8. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 17.2 per 1,000 against 15.5 the average of the previous 4 weeks and against 243 the corresponding period of last year. The death rate from the seven chief zymotio diseases was equal to 3.0 per 1,000, against ,9 the average rate of the previous 4 weeks and against 2.2 the corresponding period of 1901. The ages of mortality were :- 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65—up. Total 3 7 3 6 4 23. The deaths included-4 from measles, 1 from puerperal fever, 2 from phthisis, 2 from other tubercular diseases, 1 from cancer, 4 from lung diseases, 9 from all other causes. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever, 8; puerperal, 1 ; erysipelas, 3 cases. Total number of patients in hospital, week ending March 25th, 1905, 48. DfETEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 45 Fah., and therefore 1 deg. higher than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 61 F., was recorded on the 22nd inst., and the minimum temperature 35F., on the 20th inst. The rainfall measured '53 inch. The general direc- tion was S.E. J. GUEST GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

With the object of obtaining a faithful picture of the new promenade at Blackpool the Corporation contem- plate calling in a well-known artist to execute a paint- ng of the whole length of the sea tront. When this has been accomplished copies will be struck off and cir- culated all over the world. A workman named George Alfred Morley, aged 3G years, resident at Wesley Place, York, died in the York County Hospital on Wednesday evening as the result of injuries received duriNg the afternoon at the saw-mills of the North-Eastern Railway carriage works, Holgate, York. It seems that he was at work when he received a blow on the bead from a wheelbelt or strap, which fractured his skull.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH MATTERS. Should Urban Powers be Sought.

RECREATION GROUND REQUIRED.

The ratepayers of Stockton Heath discussed a variety of subjects at their annual meeting which was held in the National Schools on Thursday evening. One of the principal items under consideration was the future , position of Stockton Heath in respect of the manage- ment of parish affairs. I Mr. Clarke presided over a small attendance and in a brief speech reviewed the year's work in the parish. One question which had arisen was that of the supply of electricity in the district. That question he said , had been thoroughly thrashed out and had died so quickly that he thought there was no intention on the part of the Corporation to take electricity into the dis- trict for some time to come. Mr. Clarke proceeded to refer to a question which has agitated the minds of Stockton Heath residents for some time—the question of the tram fare to be charged by the Corporation for the journey from Rylands'-street, to Victoria-square. The decision of the Corporation to charge 11c1. was he thought unwise. The whole thing was a business transaction and in order to make the line pay it would have to be popular, and it would not be popular if a 11,d. fare was charged. He thought the extra charge of a half-penny was Out on as a sort of punishment to Stockton Heath residents for their not having fallen in with all the ideas of the Corporation. There was one advantage, however,theylwore not bound to pay lAd. He did not think there would be any diffi- culty with regard to workmen's cars, as when the time I came he thought the matter would only have to be mentioned and cheap cars would be run. Another ques- tion to which Mr. Clarke referred was that of the increase in the rates. Their expenditure was constantly going up, and the ratepayers wanted to know how it was they were getting no benefit from the increased lexisenditure. The expenditure upon education in the county was getting beyond all bounds and was altogether out of reason. The expenditure upon what was termed higher education was being rushed, and moreover he did not believe that the money was being used to the best advantage. So much money was going in clerks and officials' salaries, that education did not come in at all. Increased expenditure was also incurred by lighting and I improved sanitary arrangements. He could assure them I that there was no extravagance in those two directions. I (Hear, hear.) In answer to Mr. Deakin, Mr. Clarke stated that esa- mates were being prepared for the paving of Cawdor- street, and that the work would be proceeded with as foon as possible. Mr. J. W. Hall referred to the extinguishing of the lamps in the district. He advocated that the lamps in the main streets should be left lit all night, for the convenience of men woo had to go to work early in the morning. A promise was given that the Parochial Committee would consider the question and the matter dropped. Mr. England said he was pleased with Mr. Clarke's reference to the rates. He nevertheless felt that Mr. Clarke had not gone to the kernel when he mentioned the causes of the increase. At the last Parish Council, election the usual statements were made by candidates that they would keep the rates down. I Several members of the Parish Council at once pro- tested that they made no such statementHe was not,he said,making an invidious question ofit.lt was the usual thing at election times. Instead of the rates going down they were going up, and it appeared to him that the district was not being treated in an equitable way by the Runcorn District Council. To show that he would refer to what they were paying for roads. In Appleton there was four times the length of road that there was in Stockton Heath, whereas Stockton Heath contributed several times as much as Appleton for the maintenance of the roads. Another inequitable arrangement was the contribution under the Agricultural Relief Act. In consequence of the way in which the rates were levied Stockton Heath residents contributed about double the imount paid by people living in other parts of the district under the authority of the Rancorn District Council. Several years ago he said they were a set of noodles and he was prepared to admit again that they were noodles for allowing such arrangements to con- tinue. On the Parish Council they had some really in- telligent men—(hear, hear)—but apparently so great were the exertions of those men to get on the Council that they bad since been resting from their labours. The question of the rates was a serious one because it seemed to him that they were being legally robbed. During the last ten years the rates had actually doubled and as the money was not being spent upon Stockton Heath it was evident it was being spent in other I parts of the Union. One question which ought to be I immediately considered was the question of providing a recreation ground. He felt sure that before long they would rue the day when they failed to secure some land for that purpose. Mr. Hallows : People would look at the rates. Mr. England : It seems to me some members' of , the Parish Council are inclined to be par- simonious, and it is this parsimonious spirit which has kept the question of leaving a few lamps burning all night in the background. Continu- ing, he said he was sorry the Parish Council had not gone into the question of providing schools. The children of Stockton Heath were not being so well educated as they had a right to be. It was not the fault of the schoolmaster but they were not being taught many subjects which were being taught in the schools in Warrington. Mr. England proceeded to refer to the question of the tramways. He agreed with Mr. Clarke that it was purely a business arrangement and he felt sure it would right itself in time and that the Corpora- tion would before long reduce the fare to a penny.(Hear. kear.)The time was coming when they would seriously have to consider the question of forming themselves into an urban power or of joining Warrington. If they joined Warrington they would get excellent tell-us—perhaps fourteen years at the present rate and would secure all the benefits of the Corporation administration. On the other hand if they became an urban authority the rates would go up and would soon be Os. in the Z. Mr. Bouchier sympathised with much Mr. England had said, though he hardly agreed that they were not getting value for their money, though at the same time he thought that to a certain extent the rates had gone up in excess of the advantages they possessed. The question of obtaining urban powers was gone into years ago and they were in the same difficulty now as they were in at that time. If they obtained urban powers they would still have to contribute to the Runcorn Union poor rate and to the county and district rates. No one knew better than they did that Stockton Heath was the goose which laid the golden egg for the Runcorn Union. If they got urban powers the general rates would still be under the centrol of the Runcorn authorities. It would be necessary to levy a special rate of sd. or 6d. in the Z and the only advantage they would possess would be that they would have a greater power in deal- ing with their own affairs. With regard to education Mr. England spoke in one breath against expenditure and in the next breath said they were far too parsi- monious. There was no doubt that the school accommodation was not so good as it might be but he certainly did not agree with Mr. England that the education was not so good as it was in Warrington. He believed that the education was equal to the elementary education which was given in any school in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) New schools would cost from £lO,OOO to £12,000, two-thirds of which would have to be paid by Stockton Heath, and if a new school were built their rates would be a great deal heavier. What they wanted was a new school for Stockton Heath, Latchford, and Walton, and he thought it would be a good thing if the three districts would come to an arrangement and combine. He agreed with Mr. England with regard to the provision of a recreation ground, and I he was sure no one would grudge the expense thereby I incurred.

Mr. Rose: I would like Mr. England to state a specific instance where he has found elementary educa- tion in Stockton Heath was not so good as that in Warrington? Mr. England: In Peoples College three or four more subjects are taught than are taken in these schools. Mr. Clarke: Will you specify them? Mr. England: For the moment I cannot think what they are butl know that it is so. Mr. H. J. Westbiook replied at considerable length to Mr. England. It was not fair to compare the length of roads in Stockton Heath with the length of roads in another parish. They should compare the quality of the roads and the amount of traffic along them. With regard to agricultural land the farmer was entitled to some abatement from the rates because he did not need sanitary arrangements, lighting &c. He wanted it to be clear that they did not object to having new schools. If the ratepayers having had the cost explained to them would sanction the expenditure and not grumble afterwards, he would be perfectly willing to assist them in their desire. With regard to the tram fares Mr. Westbrook pointed out that when the line was complete to Victoria-square the route would be shorter than the Latchford route. That he thought gave them good grounds for asking that the fare should not be more than a penny. Seeing that the Corporation paid no rent for the use of the roads in the village he thought they had a right to ask that the fare should be less,rather than more than the fare charged on the Latchford route. Mr. Hallows said he hoped someone would move a resolution condemning the expenditure of the County Council. In the District Council the expenditure was closely watched, but in the County Council the members lavished money on their pets. Mr. Bradshaw pointed out that the District Council calls had also increased. He thought there was a little extravagance in the District Council. Mr. Hallows: That is due to the isolation hospital in the building of which the Council had no option. Mr. H. J. Westbrook moved "that this meeting of Stockton Heath ratepayers regrets the serious increase in the rates and asks the County Council and Runcorn District Council to exercise greater economy consistent with efficiency." Mr. Hallows seconded and the resolution was - , Mr. Bouchier asked if there was any diffef between the examinations in the school at St,

of instruction in Stockton Heath was the same as in the Leeds schools.

Mr. C. Clarke said the question of obtaining urban powers had been discussed by the Parish Council on many occasions. It was no use having urban powers and having to pay higher rates. Tha rates were not twice as high as they were ten years ago. During that period they had risen from 2s. 10d. to 4s. Gd. In advising them to join Warrington Mr. England , was trying to land them in double the rates they were now paying. He thought they should think twice before they followed a gentleman who had "House to let " in his window. (Laughter.) Mr. England : Although lam leaving the district I shall still be a ratepayer. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
n'f, nee earrlecl,4'llP ,fferervio r 'it 0 cic:011

Heath and in Warrington. Mr. Rose replied at length,pointing out that the plan

===== 0002601_19050401_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
BIM

===== 0002601_19050401_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
•

PHYLLIS THE ELUSIVE.

[fly Godfrey Dean.]

Of Precedents and Phyllis.

Phyllis put down her book. " I had nearly givert you up," she said. Which was absurd. Of course, I knew I was late—quite five minutes— though I did look at the clock. I apz,logised. "Precedents," I said, very innocently, " are dangerous things." Once we all worshipped images, now it is precedents—and the lawyers are the great High Priests of this particular Temple. " What is the good of a precedent if it is not to be kept ?" she asked. "The existence of some precedents is only justified by the opportunities they offer one to break them.' Phyllis looked very intently at me and—yes— seemed hurt.

It would have been indiscreet, of .course, to notice it. A woman's feelings require the most careful treatment imaginable they are as delicate china compared with the earthenware of man's. " Phyllis "—my tone brought a quick glance f rota her--" when I consider how many weaknesses I have, I become depressed." "What of them?" she asked.

"They constantly remind me of my unworthiness of you. And you must see them, don't you ?" I could see her face well enough, but the long lashes of the eyes were lowered, masking the expres- sion that would tell me so much.

She made as if to speak, but no answer cams at once. Then, slowly, reluctantly, she said, '• of course as you mention it yourself I—l do see your weak- nesses."

I chilled at the words and the possibilities they contained for me. It was true; I have a great many weaknessess. Was she beginning to see them ? If so, it was better to face the inevitable (? early). No, the lover is not always on Olympian heights. For sixty seconds my imagination roved uncon- trolled. My mind jumped from point to point in dizzy fashion. Then I steadied myself with an effort. " Some people would think it too Much to ask that one should bear with so many as mine." " You are not an Admiral C"hrichton," she said. I winced. A man does not like to be even remind- ed that he is not perfection. "It is in y-iur hands; I prefer to face unpleasant truths." "You are speaking for yourself?" she asked. "Oh, entirely." "Still, I also think it best to face the truth." I turned my head to avoid seeing in her face any- thing strange to my eyes. " When it is unpleasant," she added. "Marriage may be a frightful tragedy," I said. "Yes," she replied; then paused. "Even with an Admirable Crichton."

Then how must she view the possibilities of marriage with one who, while negative of distinctive qualities, is positive in his weaknesses! "At least, I said, "you will never forget me, nor what you were—and ever will be—to ma?" She did not answer. It was natural she should be disturbed, but Time's hand smooths life's sharp edges. She looked up, and my eyes caught hers. There was, at least, pity in her face. "No," she said, " I will not forget." Her expres- pression was now one of curiosity. I stood up. It only remained for her to assist me and the difficulty would be over—if she wished it. Time, surely, is measured by the state of the mind. At last, " What is it to be, Phyllis ? " It was pleasant to use her name once more, and I lingered , over it. "You don't understand women one bit !" she burst forth, with flashing eyes. "How?" was all I could say, amazed at the change in her.

"Not even the elementary truth about *cm. Some men in searching for carious reasons for a woman's thoughts and actions are blind to the obvious." " What is it ?" I begged ?" " Do you suppose," she said, scorn in her voice at the idea," that a woman ever "—she faltered and turned her face away "Do you think," she resumed, quietly, " that women love men who have no weaknesses ? " This was illuminating, indeed. " No," Phyllis said, with a passionate emphasis that told how deeply her feelings were moved. " She does not love in spite of men's weaknesses, but more often because of them."

I am beginning to realise that the more one thinks one understands women the less one really does. "Won't you forgive me? If you only knew my feelings when I realised I was late " Words seemed banal. ‘! It is not that," she , said. " No! "—surprised. " That wouldn't have mattered a bit. but yon said —" " What ? " " You said something I did not like—about precedents." I tried to recall what I had said." "Oh, I remember, you said precedents were dangerous." Then revelation came, and with cruel force to me. It was ambiguous, though. "I did not mean it in that sense. How could you think it of me? " "Didn't you? But you said it immediately after I remarked that you were late." "That was unfortunate," I said. "And it seemed," Phyllis continued, 'as if you regretted--" I would not permit her to say more. I have regrets but not in that way. They are inspired by the know- ledge of man's very inferior nature. "This," I said, remembering a small circumstance, "is the particular edition I promised to get for you." "Was it this that made you late" she asked. "It was—in the fact, I forgot the cause." The words reminded Phyllis of her recent eloquent defence of women, and consciousness of it brought becoming blushes. " Your imagination," she said, " makes you think very foolish things." . . " Everything has its compensations," I said, later, "even foolish thoughts.,' " On reflection, and with the case in point to trate the fact, I see there are some precedents made sacred by inidvidual choice. And, as a lover; I recant of my heresy.

(To be continurAl.) (Those articles originally appeared in the "London Echo.")

Fire at the Lion Hotel.

Had it not been for the promptitude of P.C.'s Edwards and Tally and the members of the Fire Brigade, a fire which broke out in a coke, firewood and lumber-room under the ball room at the Lion Hotel early yesterday morning would probably have had serious consequences. On discoverma the outbreak one of the officers immediately roused the porter and servants at the hotel, whilst the other went to the Fire Station and gave the alarm. The brigade tarried out at full strength under Superintendent and Deputy-Superin- tendent Turnei and after about an hour's work extinguished the flames before any great damage was done. An ice-chest removed from the premises by the firemen bore evidences of the great heat, and the woodwork of the floor and doors of the room were charred.

A singular affair under the Education Act is reported from Marston, St. Limrence, near Banbury. In conse- nce of the rector persisting in taking the school ddren to church for religious instruction, in defiance af the regulations of the Northamptonshire County Council, that body have closed the school, and removed the children to the school in is neighbourino•' They have also withdrawn all financial support from the Marston school.

•-,,,F..?'"•:,-,7't•:i•,-..'.,.•:: . .

===== 0002601_19050401_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
P 1

EQUALS IN] ORDINAR' AIDS

Delicious

t 1 r • 1,,

===== 0002601_19050401_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE,

FIRST DIVISION. FIXTURES AND SCORES. _ Warrington.

Sept. 3 Leigh away „ 10 Halifax

17 Hull „ - 24 Bradford Oct. 1 Leeds away „ 8 Runcorn „ 15 Oldham away „ 22 Wigan „ 29 Swinton away Nov. 12 Hull Kingston R. „ 19 Batley „ 26 Hunslet away Dec. 3 Widnes home „ 10 Salford „ 17 Broughton Rangers away „ 24 Wakefield Trinity _ . away

26 St, Helens

„ 31 Leigh home 1905. Jan.

7 Halifax 14 Hull „ 21 Bradford „ 28 Leeds home Feb. 4 Runcorn away „ 11 Oldham home „ 18 Wigan away „ 25 Swinton Mar. 4 Morecombe Cup Tie home „ t 7 Cheshire County home „ 11 Hull Kingston R home „ 18 Keighley Cup Tie away „ 21 Keighley re-played away „ 25 Hunsle „ 28 Batley April 1 Widnes ._ _ . _ home

8 Salford

„ 15 Broughton Rangers home „ 21 St. Helens away „ 22 Wakefield Trinity

===== 0002601_19050401_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn.

Points. For agst.

Sep. 3 Hull Kingston R. home 6 4 „ 10 Batley „ 17 Hunslet home 6 7 , 24 Widnes away 010 Oct. 1 Salford home 10 3 „ 8 Warrington „ 15 Wakefield Trinity „ 22 Leigh away 3 6 , 22 Halifax home 2 0 Nov 5 Hull „ 12 Bradford home 011 „ 19 Leeds away 715 Dec. 3 Oldham home 0 6 „ 10 Wigan „ 17 Swinton home 0 3 „ 24 St. Helens „ 26 Broughton Rangers „ 31 Hull Kingston Rovers away 713 1905. _

Jan. 2 Hull „ 7 Batley „ 14 Hunslet away 2 0 „ 18 Salford away 0 8 Feb. 4 Warrington home 3 5 „ 11 Wakefield Trinity away 0 0 „ 18 Leigh home 625 , 25 Halifax away 0110 Mar. 4 Broughton R Cup Tie away 0 8 „ 11 Bradford „la 18 Widnes home 2 7 ” 25 Broughtor. Rangers Apl. 1 Oldham away „ 8 Wigan home „ 15 Swinton „ 24 St. Helens home

Widnes.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
1904.

1904.

1904

Sept. 3 Hull „ 10 Bradford 17 Leeds away ” „ It Runcorn Oct. 1 Oldham 8 Wigan :... __

15 Swinton away 22 St. Helens..

„ St. ... „ 29 Hull Kingston K away Nov. 5 Batley home „ 12 Hunslet away „ 19 Broughton Rangers away Dec. 3 Warrington , 10 Wakefield frinity „ 17 Leigh away „ 24 Halifax home „ 31 Hull home 1905.

Jan. 2 Salford

„ 7 Bradford „ 14 Leeds home „ 28 Oldham home Feb. 4 Wigan away , 11 Swinton , 14 Batley , 18 St. P3lens „ 25 Hull Kingston II home Mar. 4 Wakefield T Cup Tie away , 11 Hunslet home

18 Runcorn away 22 Bro.pghtonßangers home

27 o „ 25 Salford away Apr. 1 Warrington „ 8 Wakefield Trinity „ 15 Leigh „ 22 Halifax

St. Helens.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
1904.

Sep.- 3 Oldham home „ 10 Wigan „ 17 Swinton „ 24 Brougl, on R. Oct. 1 Hull C agston R home ~ 8 Batley 15 Hunslet

"rob

iMlia.

Points. For agst. 4 10 7 11 7 17 5 24 10 5 10 20 39 80 13 11 50 5 14 0 14 8 18

22 Widnes away „ 29 Salford home Nov 12 Wakefield Trinity home „ 19 Leigh 1, 26 Halifax home Dec. 3 Hull „ 10 Bradford 17 Leeds away 21 Runcorn , 26 Warrington away 31 Oldham away 1805. •Jam 7 Wigan „ 11 Swinton Broughton R home 6 8 „ .3 Hull Kingston R. away 6 3 Feb. 4 Batley home 4 0 „ 11 Hanalei ~ 18 Widnes home 5 7 , 25 Salford away 219 Mar. 4 Rochdale R Cup Tie home 9 0 V „ 11 Wakefield Trinity ~18 Broughton It. Cup Tie rmay 0 e 0 111 8 „ 25 Halifax , 30 Leigh Apr. 1 Hull „ 8 Bradford , „ 15 Leeds home 21 Warrington home ~ 24 Runcorn

95 00 3 13

===== 0002601_19050401_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-.op

===== 0002601_19050401_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Point& For agst. 16 2

===== 0002601_19050401_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Points. For agst. 11 3 66 8 13 10' 5 19 5 11 26 O 8 0 28 30 5 14 67 O 9 20 O 14 60 20

===== 0002601_19050401_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
" I firmly believe that if the children were well fed, our workhouses, gaols and asylums would soon be empty." Sir John Gorst,

===== 0002601_19050401_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE CUP

a

smon

Cocoa

iUTRIMENT TO iLB. BEEF OR TEN CUPS OF ' COCOA and is absolidelv free from chemicals. aGESTION,_ BRACES THE NERVES,

INVIGDRATES THE SYSTEM. IN TINS 5D., 9D., 3/4 AND 1/5.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN CRICKET CLUB.

Annual Meeting.

Tho annual meeting of the Earlestown Cricket Club was held in the Viaduct Institute,Earlestown on Friday night last, Mr. T. Ormand presiding over a fair gathering of members.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approveel,after which the secretary(Alr. J. H. Alderson) read his annual report as follows :

SECRETARY'S REPORT.

During the past season nineteen matches were arranged for the Ist team, and thanks to a beautiful summer, these were all played. Eight were won, as compared with 7 the previous year, and 3 only in 1902, the improvement in this respect bsing well maintained seven were lost, as against 6 in 1903, and 6 in 1902, and 4 were drawn. Last season was a good scoring one,and runs were more numerous, 2630 fpr 162 wickets giving an average of 16-23, the average obtained in 1903 was 14.38 for 152 wickets. Here, too our opponents have shown .1 marked advance scoring 2621 runs for 171 wickets as against 1913 for 163, the average jumping from 11.12 to 15.32. T. Marsh is the leader in the batt- ing averages 26.41 for 15 innings, in 1903 he played 1 innings more and registered 18.12 which shows great improvement as the result of good steady cricket, 3. Crawley has not been with us long without making his presence felt, and has creditable figures, which give him the honour of scoring the biggest aggregate. I cannot pass on without mention- ing H. Barr whose consistent batting has been a strik- ing feature. In fact, it may be said he is the most improved player in the team, not only has he taken a high position in the batting figures, hut has also secured the prize given by Mr. Ormand for the best all round fielder. No special mention need be made of the bowling which has not been quite up to the standard of former years. Howarth and Alderson bore the brunt of the work with the ball. each securing 50 wickets, the former's average being 12.96 and the latter's 14.74. A great difficulty had been experienced in finding a suitable wicket keeper. G. B. Leigh entered the breach, with every credit to himself and all concerned, giving promise of becoming an excellent man in this trying position. The second eleven played 22 matches, 8 more than last year, win- ning 13 as compared with 9, losing 7as against 3, and drawing the same number (2) as last year. R. A. Robin- son easily comes out top. of the batting with the fine average of 34.42 for 15 •iningst scoring the highest aggregate, and the most in an innings, a remarkable score of 138. W. Harrison and H. Warburton deserve spelial mention for their excellenthowling records. The balance sheet which I have to present to you this evening shows the amount of cash received from all sources to be .Q 63 7s. 4d., including a balance brought forward at the commencement of the season of £1 ss. 3d.; subscriptions, £3O 4s. 63.; and gate receipts, £25 10s. 11d, being the chief items. The expenditure amounting to £62 19s. includes players, umpires and scorer's expenses, £2O 4s. 3d. ; professional assistance and talent money, £l7 ss. ; printing, Fcc., £7 19s. ; and cricket material, £9 2s. 3d.. leaving a balance in hand of Bs. 4cl; I might also add that the match with Leigh on August 20th was set aside for the benefit of George Husband, and the amount realised was £l3 18s. sd.

Most of you are aware that a new League has been formed under the title of the West Lancashire Cricket League. We have decided to join that body, and whether for good or evil, we are now committed for a season at least, to League cricket. When the sugges- tion to form a combination of local clubs was first made, we looked upon it very favourably indeed, believ- ing that is would make the game more popular in the district. But when it became apparent that a number of the strongest clubs that had been approached would not entertain the idea, our enthusiasm became some- what damped, seeing that we had to leave out of our list several clubs with whom we were very sorry to part. However, as I have already sttted, we were prepared to give it ft:trial, in the hope that after a season's working, the League may be strengthened by the inclusion of several clubs „which have up to now thought it advisable to hold aloof. Last year we entered our seJond team in the General Manager's Cup Competition, but it was unfortunate that two of the strongest matches had to be played at the commencement of the season whilst football was still running. We fully believe that it was entirely due to this that we did not figure in the tlral at London. The competition has this year been divided into two divisions, vrid we shall now be enabled to play our first team. We have been dragn to play at Earlestown lon June 10th against Crewe Permanent Way. Should we be successful in this match, we shall have the pleasure of meeting the winner of the Southern section at London, in the first week in August. It will thus be seen that the coming season will be full of interest to as, it only remains for the players to put forth their individual efforts to enable us to crown the present season with success.

• Arising out of the report Mr. John Owen said he had heard a lot of criticism with regard to the wisdom of joining a league. The Committee supported the idea of the formation of a league believing that it would give them the advantage of meeting the best clubs. It would be an expensive project for them, as in all pro- ability their expenses would total ZS or £9 per week and it behoved them to do their best for the club to try and make it a ..access. In this respect they would probably have to do something to put their finances on a firmer footing. They had already thought of approach- ing the Institute Committc 3 with a view to increasing the" gate." 2d. cc..s a ridiculously low charge for admission to a cricket match.

Mr. Ormcmd said the report was one of the most interesting he had listened to for several years. They had joined the league hoping it was for the good of the Earlestown Cricket Club for cricket in general.

After the chairman had compared the balance sheet with last year's sheet, both report and accounts were adopted. The election of officers was afterwards pro- ceeded with and resulted as follows :—President :—Mr. H. D. Earl, vice presidents :—Messrs, Smalley and Harwood, hon. secretary :—Mr. .1, H. Alderson, The Chairman here proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the Secretary for his report and for the able manner in which he had carried out his duties during the past year. This was approved. Mr. Ormand was re-elected hon. treasurer, Mr. C. W. Emmett was appointed Ist team captain, and Mr. J. H. Alderson vice-captain, whilst after Messrs. T. A. Li mood, and F. Reade had declined the doubtful honour. Mr. J. Burrell was appointed 2nd team captain, the election of an understudy being left over owing to the lack of volunteers. The following are nominated for the committee of nine, together with the number of votes received by each, viz :—Messrs. John Owen, 28 ; T. F. Roberts,2s ; T. Marsh, 22; J. Smith, 23; J. Sanders, 19 ; F. Reade, 22; G. Wilson, 19 ; T. A. Limond, 19 ; R. A. Robinson, N ; J. Seddon, 17 : G. B. Leigh, 14 ; W. Harrison, 15 ; J. S. Thane, 9 ; S. Henderson, 6 ; the first nine gentlemen therefore being elected. Messrs. J. Gooding and H. Tarbuck were re-appointed auditors. The prizes were afterwards presented, each recipient making a new departure by displaying his oratorical powers. Mr. J. Smith raised the question of increasing the annual subscription,andMr.E. J. W. Mull in's moved that the subscription be raised from 4s. to ss. The Chairman said they were out of order in discuss- ing the matter there and Mr. Mullins withdrew his proposition. Mr. Waddington and Mr. Orinand thought that a printed balance sheet should be circulated amongst the members a few days prior to the annual meeting. The usual votes of thanks brought the meeting to a close.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, April 1, 1905 STOCKTON HEATH PARISH COUNCIL. Further Increase in the Rates.

The question of the rates in the district was the principal question which agitated the minds of the members of the Stockton Heath Parish Council at their annual meeting which was held on Thursday evening. At the last meeting of the Runcorn Rural authorities, it was intimated that the district rate would be advanced in total to the extent of 3d in the S. This increase called forth a protest from the Stockton Heath representatives on the District Council, and a further test was forthcoming when the Clerk to the Parish Council announced that it was necessary to increase the special rates for the district by Is, lid. in the S. Mr, Clerk presided and at the meeting there were also present Messrs. J. Fairhurst, F. Warburton, F. Pearson, J. Whitley, H. J. Westbrook,J. Hallows, J. W. Bouchier, NV. Mclntyre, T. R. Westbrook, S. F. Welsby and E. Bradshaw (clerk).

interview at alt. I am realy to bet you—well, say fifty pounds—that before long yob' rii have unburdened your soul than interviewer."

" Never exclaimed Ta I,ton tterby with warmth. "It would be robbing you to take Buuli a bet."

" Oh, rob away l" retorted Claretce Hedway, lightly. " I make a little money in my paper- staining business, and the loss of fifty pounds would not mean bankruptcy to me. Come, I will tempt you by betting that what I predict will happen before I start fur America again next week."

" Done !" said the author quickly. " Remem- ber you have only yourself to blame for this." " Or to congratulate !"

,• And so the be was made in due form. The rest of the voyage passed pleasantly for the two men in constant exchanges of knowledge and confidences. It must be admitted, however, that Tapton Futterby parted with more of both than did his companion. The author's nature was the more communicative.

" Your enemies are waiting for you to land, I see," remarked Clarence liedway to the afathor as the vessel drew alongside the dock wall at Southampton. _ _

" What do you mean ?" asked Tapton Flut- terby. " Why, the interviewers are mustered, cc I'm a Dutchman," Hedway replied. " That knot of men on the quay-side bears the Fleet Street

stamp, or I knOw nothing like so much of London as I pride myself I do." " I believe you are right," said the author, turning pale with vexation. How on earth am I to avoid them? I dodged the New York inter- viewers by locking mysAf in my state-room hours before the ship started, but I can't stay on board hours after she lands. Confound the her. viewen !"

" Right ! Let us confound them. Where do you put up when you get to town P" " At the Hotel Cecil."

" And you mean to reserve a compartment to yourself in the train from Southampton, I think you said F" " Yes." " Very well, then, the thing is quite simple. We will change names for an hour or two. You, the rich but unknown Mr. Hedway, land first with your luggage, see it past the Customs peo- ple and go on into your reserved compartment. Then I, the great 'lepton Flutterby, follow with my luggage, and of course gather all the inter- viewers about me. Some of them will no doubt accompany me to town in the unreserved com- partment in which I shall travel. That will not matter in the least. I have no rooted objection to the presence of interviewers, and they will be welcome to all they can get out of me. On reach- ing Waterloo, you drive with the luggage to my hotel, the Metropole, and then take yourself on to the Cecil, while I drive your luggage to the Cecil, and then betake myself to the Metropole. We thereupon resume our own names, and all ends happily, with the interviewers neatly dished. I shall quite enjoy carrying out the little plot. How does it strike you F' "Excellent, and very generous on your part." " Not at all generous. Or if you insist that it is, when it isn't, remember that I am your debt- or still for your admirable lessons in modern literature. Aliens, then. Here we are alongside. You lead the way, Mr. Hedway." The plot worked admirably, favoured by the close general resemblance of the two men. As Clarence Hedway had expected, the waiting journalists attached themselves to him, and some of them travelled with him in the same compart- ment to London, fully under the impression that they had Tapton Flutterby at bay. Their wiles, however, were of but little avail. The great author appeared deaf to their entreaties, literally as well as metaphorically. All they could get out of him, after superhuman shouting, was the repeated assurance that they would see all they wanted to know soon in the New York Daily Boom. Beyond imparting this precious piece of information, which of course only exasperated hie tormentors, the great man would be neither cajoled ner threatened. Well, Mr. Flutterby," said the real Simon Pure, as he greeted his late fellow-voyager on the latter's arrival with the luggage at the Hotel Metropole ; " what is it like to be an author pestered by interviewers, eh F." " Oh, jolly ! And how do you find the privacy of Mr. Hedway, the paper-stainer, when he travels P"

"Jolly, indeed! Well, thank you very much for your services. Come and dine with me to- morrow at the Cecil. I shall expect you without fail." " Thanks, I will come." Clarence Hedway kept his word, but hie wel- come at the Hotel Cecil the next evening was not of the warmest. His host had two newspapers in his hand, and looked mystified and resentful. "AIX, Mr. Hedway," he said, when his guest was announced, " I run puzzled and annoyed. Can you throw any light on these newspaper stories Y Read this one first."

Clarence Hedway took the London morning paper that was thrust into his hand, and read the marked report. It told of the landing of Mr. Tapton Flutterby, the distinguished author, at Southampton on the previous they, and of how he had journeyed to London in an ordinary carriage, and not in a reserved compartment, RH had. been expected. " The great novelist was as taciturn as usual in his bearing towards the representa- tives of the Press," the report went on, " and was suffering from real or assumed deafness. He declined to answer any questions, but advised the interviewers to keep an eye on the New York Daily Boom. The meaning of this advice is un- derstood to be that an enterprising representative of the journal named has obtained an exclusive interview with Mr. Blutterhy." Clarence Hedway looked up from the reading of this paragraph with an amused. smile. " Oh, yes, you will say, perhaps, that this idea about the Daily Boom was port of your fun with the interviewers," burst out Tapton Flutterby, with more than a suspicion of wrath in his voice. " But now read this, and then explain the two things together if you can." " This was an evening paper, in which a New York telegram was marked. In this despatch the vigilant Reuter told bow the Daily Boon, of that morning had published a cablegram • from its special correspondent in London, giving the sub- stance of an interview he had had with 'lepton Flutterby on the author's return to England. The interview related to modern literature, and the novelist had indicated what he bad considered to be his own place among contemporary writers. What he had said on this point was given in summarised form, amd a full report of the inter- view was promised by the next mail. The suc- cessful enterprise of the Daily Boom, added Reu- ter, in thus securing what was, if authentic, the firsl actual interview with the great writer for some five years past, had created qaite a sensa- tion in journalistic circles. Clarence Hedway looked up again, still mil- ' ""

‘" Will you answer me one question, sir ?" thundered Taptou Fiutterby. " With pleasure, if is a reasonable one." " Were you the sender of that message to the Daily Boom ?" " I Wag."

Well -rim —! Then who on earth are you, sir ?"

"Clarence Hedway, of New York. payer. stainer—that is to say, interviewer for the Daily Boom."

_ " Upon may word, sir, you are cool, even for an American pot/mast ! And yen have dared to look me in the face—to accept my invitation to dinner—after abusing my confidenee in this way ! en v. do you eall yourself a genileawn, " will answer you seriatim, Mr. Flu Ely. see, no reason why I should not dare to look you in the face, for I am conscious of no terrible breach of confidence. You told me yourself that it was not the interview you objected to so much as the average interviewer. As to your confi- dences, you will do me the ;justice, perhaps, to recall the fact that it was not I who invited them, but you who bestowed them unasked. Was L not justified in assuming, therefore, that my per- sonality was not distasteful to you, and that it, consequence your objeetion to being interviewed did not apply in this case F" But the subject-matter, sir—the subject- matter ! Was it right and honouralde to draw me out on s tch a question as the relative literary merits of my contemporaries and myself without any warning that you meant to print what I said E" _

" Excuse me, Mr. Flutterhy, if I take excep- tion to the imputation that I ' drew ' you on the subject. You volunteered your views, and natur- ally I was glad to listen to them. As to whether I ought to print them in full without your con• sent, I must confess that I have had my qualms. You will notice that all I have done so far is to record in joy cablegram your own estimate of your literary worth—an estimate which . does credit to your modesty, inasmuch as it falls short of the verdict of the whole English-speaking race."

"Then am I to understand," asked Tapton Flutterby, in a somewhat mollified tone, "that you are prepared to withhold the full report of the so-called interview from publication P" "Not quite that," answered the !onrnalist.

" I owe a duty to my editor, who had confidence enough in me to send me at some expense on a mission from which so many distinguished inter- viewers have returned baffled. But I came here this evening prepared to do for you, Mr. Flutter- by, what I would have done for no one else. I have conceived a real respect —you would perhaps object to my use of the word liking '—for you in the course of our few days together on ship- board. The mail for the States leaves to-mor- row. I have brought the ' copy' of the inter- view in my pocket, intending to submit it for your inspection, on one condition. But I find you are in no mood to make terms. For that I am sorry. The copy must be posted to-morrow, and so it will go as it is. I will not inflict my company upon you at dinner ; that would be but a sorry farce. Good evening, Mr. Flutterby." And Clarence Hedway took up his bat to go. " Stop ! Stop! Mr. Hedway," said Tapton Flutterby with renewed agitation. "If you are prepared to let me see the copy and revise it, that alters the situation very materially. Will you name your conditions ?"

" The condition is that if you strike out any of the copy you shall introduce fresh matter equiv- alent in bulk, and shall empower me to say in the introduction that the interview is an authorised one."

Tapton Flutterby pondered a moment or two ; " You are a hard bargainer, Mr. Hedway," he said at last, " but—there, I accept your offer and the condition attached to it. Come in to dinner, man, and we will go through the copy after- wards. Hang me, but I admire your straight- forward business capacity almost as much as your truly Yankee impudence !" It was a cheerful little dinner-party of two, after all. Under the genial influence of the champagne the author took a more generous view of the situation,.and quite renewed the familiar manner he had assumed towards the journalist on the voyage over. "Thank you !" said Clarence Hedway, with real gratitude, when they had spent an hour over his MS. together, and Tapton Flutterby had made sundry emendations, followed by additions to match according to contract. "Thank you. 'The story' is ever so much more readable than it was before, besides having the advantage of being authorised. And now, with your per- mission, I will be going." "Is there nothing else you want?" asked Tap- ton Flutterby jocosely. " Oh, never mind about that ; it can wait." "What on earth do you mean, man? What can wait ?"

"Why, that little matter of the fifty pound bet. You can let the story appear in print first, if you like, and send the cheque on to me at the Daily Boom Office, New York." " Well, I'm—!" For the second time that evening Topton Flutterhy nearly committed him- self. "The bet—l bad forgotten all about it ! Why, of course, I have lost it !" He insisted on making out a cheque there and then, and forced it on Clarence Hedway's accept- ance.

" Good•bye," i•aid the author. " Look me up when next you are in London, but if ever you want an interview, a al you don't come to me r

" Good-bye," rct urn ad Clarence Hed w ay, iaughingly. " And, by the way, if you should ever want to dodge the interviewers again, mind ymt don't—" " What ?" " Come to me !"

===== 0002601_19050401_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCIAL.

....... Mr. Bradshaw reported thatat the end of the last half year there was a balance in hand on the poor rate account of £361 16s. 3d. on the special rates account there was a debit balance of £6 15s. 10d. The special expenses for the last half year were £275 and he had received a notice that for the coming half year the call would be increased by £lO3. He was afraid the rates would have to go up about lid. in the Z. On the pre- sent half year there would be a balance in hand of about £lO and he proposed writing to Mr. Ashton asking him if he could not reduce his call to that extent and thereby not necessitate so large an increase in the rates.

Mr. Whitley : I think Mr. Ashton should explain where the money is going. Mr. Hallows: There will be nothing but paupers and officials just now. Mr. Clarke: We want to be watchful about expenses under the special rate. Mr. H. J. Westbrook moved that Mr. Ashton, clerk to the Runcorn Rural District Council, be asked to give the items which constituted the increase in the special rates.

Mr. Bouchier asked whether it would not be better to ask Mr. Ashton for a comparative statement of the last half-year's expenditure and the expenditure for the coming half-year. Mr. Westbrook's motion, with Mr. Bouchier's sugges- tion in corporated was carried. Mr. Bradsha,wl explained that the total calls were £1,450 as compared with £1,179 for the past half year. Mr. Clarke referred to what he termed the disgrace- ful way in which money supposed to be for education was dealt with. A great deal of the money was going not in education but in expenses. One school master told him he had now so much clerical work to do that teaching in hi a schools was entirely out of the question.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUNNING OF WORKMEN'S CARS.

A letter -;;fas--r-eWcl-ir-ori-l-the -"l'O-Wri.-Cfer-k—Oi Warring- ton in which he said that while the Parish Council had no locus stanii under the Light Railway Order, he might say that the question of running cheap cars for the working classes would be considered when the line to Stockton Heath was completed. Mr. Clarke said it was well-know a to everyone, if not to Mr. Whittle, that the Parish Council had a locus standi which was recognized by the Light Railway Com- missioners. They were satisfied if the question of workmen's cars would be considered but they must see that the ratepayers of Stockton Heath, especially the working classes had all the benefits whioh they were supposed to be able to reap under the light railway order. Mr. H. J. Westbrook said that when the line was completed he would certainly move that something be done. When the line was opened for traffic he would move that the Corporation were brought to a sense of their duty with regard to the provision of cheap cars for the labouring classes. Someone would have to make a reouisition for cheap cars to be run and the Board of Trade would inquire into the matter and make an order for the running of cheap cars. It was ridicu- lous to suppose that the people on only two of the tram- way routes in the town desired cheap cars. There were a large number of workingmen in Stockton Heath and he for one would certainly see that the Corporation performed its duty under the order to those men. (Hear, hear). This concluded the business of the meeting.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GIANT'S RECIPE FOR A SOUND

DIGESTION.

Machnow Praises Bile Beans.

EXCELLENT AFTER GIS BIG MEALS.

Many thousands of people have v isited the London Hippodrome to see Machnow, the famous giant, who holds the record for height and bulk, and is a magnificent specimen of the human "ace. To main- tain the health and strength of a body weigh- ing 400 pounds, Itlachnow performs gastronomical feats which] make ordinary mortals marvel. He is not a gourmand, buu his daily bill of fare in I quantity and quality is enough to cause astonishment. About two quarts of milk or tea, 16 hard boiled eggs, and 6to 8 small loaves and butter provide the giant with a morning repast; whilst a luncheon at coon consists of from two to three pounds of meat, five pounds of potatoes, and a quart of beer. For dinner he has soup, thrc a to five pounds of meat, fowl, fish, veget- ables, potatoes, three pounds of bread, and one or two quarts of beer. The day is closed with a supper of 10 to l 5 eggs with bread and butter and one quart of

tea. There are also a few " extras "in the way of re- freshments.

Imagine what a strain this vast quantity of food must I entail on the giant's digestive organs, if he did not assist Nature in her work. Machnow attributes his health and strength to Bile Beans, and so convinced is he of the excellence of this wonderful vegetable specific that he emphatically declares Bile Beans to be far superior to all ordinary and old-fashioned remedies. Through his Manager Herr Oscar Flachs, the giant writes as follows to the proprietors of Bile Beans : Hippodrome, "London, 17th March, 1905. "To The Bile Bean Co. " Dear Sir, "It may interest you to learn that Machnow, the Russian giant, whom lam introducing at the London Hippodrome, is a great believer in Bile Beans. After one of his customary heavy meals, he finds them an excsllent aid to digestion and a safe and valuable aperient medicine. Before using Bile Beans Machnow had to rely on the usual cathartics ; but he finds Bile Beans far supetior to all ordinary and old-fashioned remedies. Be nuse the giant owes his robust health in no small degrep to Bile Beans, I think it right you should know the fact. You are at liberty to use this testimonial as you think fit. " I atr, yours faithfully, "for GIANT PEODOR. MACHNOW, OSCAR FLACHS, "Manager" Machnow's testimony is only in accordance with the testimony that has been received from the highest authorities already. Bile Beans,being composed wholly of vegetable ingredients and essences, do not purge or gripe, but cure in Nature's way. This marvellous medi- cine is the world's greatest specific for indigestion, constipation, biliousness, flatulency, back pains, sick- headache, nervous debility, dizziness, blood impurities, anaemia, female complaints, bad breath, pimples, piles, and all ailments arising from imperfect liver action or impaired digestion. All chemists stock Bile Beans at is. lid. or 2s. 9d. per box (2s. 9d. box contains three times Is. lid. size). Avoid all substitutes. There is nothing "just as good."

Prize Distribution at Moore. An enjoyable and successful event was the annual prize distribution in connection with the Moore Wesleyan Sunday school which took place in the schoolroom on Friday evening. There was a very largo audience. The programme consisted of hymns by the scholars, and recitations given in excellent style. The prizes, about 75 in number, and consist- ing of handsome books, were distributed by Mrs. Manning. The closing item was a very amusing dialogue "Coaxed and Hoaxed," which was given by the Misses M. Hickman, J. Eboiall, and A. Barrow, and Messrs. James Banner, jun., F. Jones, and James Antrobus. The organist, Mr. John Banner, was pre- vented by indisposition from accompanying the hymns and his place was taken by Miss Susan Banner. The school is reported to be in a flourishing condition, the books recording the names of about 110 children.

0 41 (I', itli Wilir.— taW'*7 ~.... i •V- // iii I iiiirid f • ////,,,i 44)1, po:4t' ;'.., 11,p i, min ' • .--al f I ill, , 5 '.,:_.1"/"! c !, /It 4, - •.;44 il#,i' ,_=_ f 4--- --_:2IN, .1.."(- _rt= .---. ........... 'N,t '•,t ''' - —..—.. ....' ~... .i. ~ ......... .* '"

===== 0002601_19050401_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
illat Moir= liEsEnvzsii DODGING

IVE INTERVIEWEW,

WALTER E. PINE.

The liner had cleared New York hatheerr, s. was heading out to sea for her five daps' trt. across the Atlantic when Tapton Flutterby, th popular novelist, came on deck. He had beia shut up in his state room for four soljr/ hourei during which time be had successfully " sported the oak " against pushing interviewers innumer- able. Now that they had all most assuredly waged from troublin7, he sought the fresh air and resumed his wonted interest in his kind.

For Tapton Flutterby was not the enemy of man in general, but only of that particular sec- tion of the human species known as interviewers. He had suffered at their hands, as popular heroes will if they happen to be in the slightest degree modest and retiring ; and in his case suffering had bred resentment, and resentment had devel- oped into positive hatred. With the growth of his popularity as an author, the dodging of in- terviewers had come to be a daily cross with him, although one must admit that he took a sort of grim delight in bearing it, since he managed SO warily and consistently to elude and rebuff hie tormentors of the Press. It was his proud boasi that for five years past not a single authentic in- terview with him had been published, for the lery good reason that never an interview had been granted. Tapton Flutterby tow stood on deck at peace with the world, and drank in the vision of a glorious sunset, which was also absorbing the at- tention of many of his fellow-passengers. At last the orb of day sank below the horizon, the bright panorama of the sunset glow faded im- perceptibly away, and the stars came out to keep their nightly vigil. Tapton Flutterby was awe- struck and silent at this familiar yet ever-won- drous display of nature's handiwork. But a young man who stood near him —a man of about his own age and biiild—was moved to put the scene into words. The author overheard him re- cite in low soft tones the lines :

"Come, Evening, once again, season of peace, Return, sweet Evening, and continue long I. Methinks I see thee in the streaky west, With matron step slow moving, while the sight Treads on thy sweeping train." Tapton Flutterby, who was given to poetry himself, scented here a congenial spirit, and WU fain to make his acquaintance. " A poet, air ?" he ventured aloud, with an ingratiating smile. The stranger gave a start, as of one caught unawares. "Oh no, sir," he replied, with a slight flush; "I was merely thinking aloud from Cowper." " A real poet, that," said Tapton Flutterby, " and one too little read nowadays, I am afraid." " Oh, now.ulays," re,ponded the stranger' a' Ii l& contemptuous shrug of the shoulders, " poople make the mistake of reading only books that are fre.h from the press. They waste their days in seeking for new geniuses, and quite neg- lect ;di the grand old classics that have stood the test of lime."

" There is a great deal of justice in what yet wtty," agreed Taptou Flutterby. " Far be it from me, however, to condemn the reading of modern works entirely, since by reason of thee practice I live and move and have my being. That is my card, sir. You may have heard the Dame before."

The author waited expectantly for the stranger's recognition of the magic name, Tapton Finite/4)y, which the peoples of two hemispheres delighted to honour. But he waited in vain. The stranger spelt out the name, as it were, and gave no sign of recognition. " Tapton Flutters by," be said, meditatively, and then added : " May I auk, sir, what is your particular line as en author ?"

This was indeed something fresh. Tapton Flul- terhy felt his amour propre just a little wounded. Ile hardly knew at first whether to resent tilt ignorance of his new friend or to dispel it. After It moment's hesitation, he chose the latter course.

" I am a novelist,'''he iaid, " and a short story writer. Some people honour me—too much, confe—by declaring that my verses are poetry." "No doubt, no doubt,' said the stranger, a little ambiguously. "I am honoured by you* uctilluintnnee, Mr. -- Flutterby. That is sir eArd, sir." _ . .

_ , Tipton Flutterby took it, and read the simp:C se to alinement, " Clarence He way, New York." " I cannot claim to belong, like yourself, to fig world of letters, Mr. Flutterby," continued his new acquaintance. " I just make my living as s pier-stainer; but my work, like yours, go' into many homes, and resembles it, I hope, ie I!' respect, at any rate—by giving satisfaction.'' This little joke served to place the two men %till more en rapport. Presently the talk drifted into purely literary channels. Tipton Flutterby was charmed by the extent and variety of his companion's reading, but was amazed to find that it stopped short of the present generation o/ writers. Even their names appeared unknown to him. _ _

"I figure it out in this way, Mr. Flutterby," explained his fellow-voyager. " Although, I do a good deal of reading, there are so many hun- dreds, or thousands, of acknowledged classics which I have not read yet. Why should I leave the substance for the shadow by neglecting them 31a favour of the works of living authors who may or may not hand their names down to posterity ? Tapton Flutterby admitted that there was something in this argument, but avowed his gratification that it was not universally adopted. To which Clarence Hedway replied, with a laugh, that be supposed it was just as well for present-day writers that everyone did not abstain from reading their works until they had attained to undisputed classic rank. This was not the only such conversation the two men had in the course of the voyage. Tapton Flutterby, like ,the generality of writers, WU fond of talking '44 shop " when he could do SO without fear of his talk being reported in the Press. In Clarence Hedway he found a truly congenial spirit—one who could listen attentive- ly and intelligently, and who limited his OWO share in the conversation to throwing out sug- gestions as pegs on which his companion could bang fresh discourses. " I am afraid I bore you with my views," Tapton Flutterby said on the third day of the voyage. "You know at least as much as Ido aboat these old authors. Now, it is my weak- ness to talk on literary matters ad lib, whenever I cast get anybody to listen. But I should like to say something that is new to you. Suppose wa talk about living authors ?" "As you please," replied Clarence Hedway. "I like to hear you talk anyway, because you throw fresh light on things. But if you turn yourself on to living writers it must be 11. ease of master and pupil between us, and you must not expect me to have any views of my own to offer." Nothing daunted, Tapton Flutterby plunged into the exhaustive subject of modern literature, explaining and quoting as he went. He felt he was doing a service to society in opening pp a new world of thought to a man of Clarence lied- way's intelligence. He spoke fully and critical- ly of modern literature in general, and of his contemporaries in particular. In a burst of confi- dence he even went so far as to indicate his own true status as en author. The rank he assigned himself was sensibly lower than the one he held according to the popular voice. "You have a masterly and convincing way Of OUtting these things, Mr. Flutterby," said his pupil at the end of one of these long and inter- esting monologues. "You lecture on modern literature, I suppose." "Lecture ! No, indeed," Tapton Flutterby replied. "My platform experiences are con- tined to the OCettBioll9 on which I read extracts from my own works." " Bat at least you give the world the benefit of your views in magazine articles ?" " In interviews, then ?" 44 Interviews ! Don't mention the word, man ! It sets my teeth on cage. Do you know, for the last fie years I have never granted a single in. tarview !" " On nrineiple ?" • "Well, is a sense, yes. Properly iontlambeit. , the interview might be made a very useful medi- um. At present it is almost wholly mischievous. It deals with accidents rather than essentials, partly because that . policy suits the demand of ' the average newspaper reader, arid partly because ;lie mental grasp of the interviewer is by 116 means equal, as a rule, to his assurance. Your modern newspaper man is as often as not an umi. pleasant compound of impudence and incompet- ciie. He is, therefore, a than to be avoided, and 4 avoid lain." " But be is often a clever man," said Clarence Hedway ; " clever, I mean, at getting what he wants. You will find yourself interviewed one of these days, depend upon it." "One can never guard against the mannfac. tured interview," said the author sententiously. "But I am not speaking of the manufactured

===== 0002601_19050401_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
21-ext Week : •

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

A PROFESSORSHIP FOR DR. PETER THOMPSOS, OF

EARLESTOWN.

Dr. Peter Thompson, son of Mr. Peter Thompson of Beech House, Lowton and Bridge-street. Earlestown, Lecturer on Anatomy, London, has been appointed to the Professorship of Anatomy at King's College, Strand, London, W.C. Professor Thompson, wo understand, eaters on his new duties on the let May next.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
_A NEW LOCAL FRIENDLY SOCIETY._

The Warrington district of the "National Deposit Friendly Society,held their first annual meeting in the Mission upper room, John-street, kindly lent by the Vicar (Mr. B. Percival) on Saturday. Although this district was not opened until February 4th, by Mr. H. 11. Goddard, divisional secretary, Liverpool, to which division the district is attached, 17 members have passed the doctor' 14 are enrolled, and three are still to be enrolled. Mr. H. Hebbes, of 46, Winifred-street, is the local secretary. TIIE PROPOSED PUBLIC LIBRARY Pon _EarmEsTowN. . _ . .

At a special meeting of the Newton Urban District Council on Monday evening, it was decided to adopt the Public LibrarieslAct, 1892-3. The consent of Mr. Carnegie to build a Library and Technical School com- bined has not yet been received, but it is expected that he will favour the scheme.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst Messrs. Thornton, W. Roberts and S.

Wright. DESERTED HIS FAMlLY.—Ernest Fox, last from Newton Heath, was charged with running away from the Borough and leaving his children chargeable to the Union.—Mr. Shearer prosecuted.—The case was adjourned to enable Fox to find a home for the children

A DANGER TO TILE PUBLIC. At the Warrington Police Court yesterday William Swoddle, a stranger, was charged with being drunk whilst in possession of a loaded revolver. The evidence showed that prisoner was arrested for being drunk and on the way to the police station threatened the officer who took him into custody. When searched it was found he had in his possession a loaded revolver of a large size which was in perfect working order. Prisoner was sent to gaol for fourteen days with hard labour.

HAVE YOU CATARRH EVERY FOURTH PERSON YOU MEET HAS IT. AN INSIDIOUS AND DANGEROUS DISEASE. WORSE THAN BRONCHITIS. _

Catarrh commences frequently by running at the nose;: sets up inflammation of the mucus membrane of the nose I and throat, followed by a stopped up feeling in the nose and dropping of mucus in the throat. It partially stops up the air vesioles of the lungs, inflames the bronchial surface, sets up catarrhal bronchitis or catarrhal asthma, accompanied by a dry or;loose cough,difficulty in breath- ing, with unpleasant hawking and expectorating. The mucus thus secreted works its way down the alimentary canal to the stomach, catarrh of the stomach and intestines following. It then becomes a persistent constitutional disease, both dangerous and disagreeable leaving the patient very susceptible to cold, and every additional cold aggravates the symptoms until it affects the hearing and gradually all the sense of smell and taste. VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is the most efficient rpmedy for this disagreeable complaint. It acts divectly upon the mucus surface, relieves the irritation, clears the bronchial tubes and air vesicles and relieves the stopped up feeling in the nose. It is infinitely superior to any local treatment. It acts con- stitutionally, clears catarrh thoroughly out of the system; you feel better the first they; you begin to breathe freely through the nose and rest comfortably at night. Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE, 90., ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. at Chemists everywhere.

A French farmer had three fingers cut off by a thresh- ing machine at the agricultural show in Paris on Satur- day. Another farmer, who was showing a crowd of visitors how it happened, met with a similar accident himself.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'W

===== 0002601_19050401_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
TENNENT'S

T

LAGER BEER.

GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM SEDIMENT

To be obtained from M. WALKER & SONS LTD., Frogitall Bridge, Warington. and of all Wine Merchants and Bottlers. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled. See that Every Bottle haa the Red T. Label. /9, Lancelots Hey. Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOW.

r3C' \

For PILES

•

===== 0002601_19050401_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
OF PRICELESS WORTH.

Robert Leake, 11, Silver-street, Barnsley, writes :—"I am pleased to say your pills are of priceless worth, and I will sound their praises wherever I go." James Swift, Attercliffe, Sheffield, says :—" The first dose gave me great relief. One box of these Pills has done me more good than all the medicine I have taken/ Holdroyd's Gravel Pills are a positive cure for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Disease of the Kidneys, Gout, Sciatica and Rheumatism ; if not satisfied money returned. Is. 11. d., all Chemists; post free 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medical Hall, Meek- heaton, Yorks.

For the past quarter of a century there has been continots, flow of letters bearing testin.ony to the truly wonderful cures effected by CLARKS'S WORLD-FAVBD BLOC° MIXTURB, " the finest Blood Purifier that scienee and medical skill have brought to light." Sufferers from scrofula. Scurvy, Bcsetna,Bad Legs, Skin and Blood themes. Pimples and Sores of any kind, are solicited to give It a trial to try Its value. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. per bottle. bewareof worthless imitations and substifutes.—Advert 6. CARKWS 841 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, allacquired for constitutional diseharges from the UtnaryOrgans. Gravel and Pains in the back. bree from Merury. Bstabliahed upwards of 30 years. In boxes 41. 6d. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin cola and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt. FLORILINE ?—PoR THE TEETH AND BREITH.—ThOtOughI7 cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, harden the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to the I teeth a peculiar nearly whitenees and a delightful frograno to the breath Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for the Floriline " Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt.

VALIIA3LB UISCOPERY FOB TDB your hair 1 turning grey or white or felling off, use the IftExtairt RAJ RENxwan' br It will p “ ositively restore, , vv.ry case, are or white, hair to its original colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth price 3s. Eid. per bottle —Advt. To MOVIERB.—K re. Wiast.ow's Soothing Syrup has beer used for over liftf years by millions of moth-rs for their Children while teething. with perfect success. It will rellece the poor sufferer Immediately. It is pleasant to taste; and pounces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child frorl?, pain and the little cherub awakes" As bright button. f all Choniets Is lid, per bottle.—AdVt

===== 0002601_19050401_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rir

===== 0002601_19050401_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND

GLEANINGS.

According to M. Sykore, the speetrana of the aurora borealis does not resemble any known spectrum, but there is a certain rela- tion between auroras and solar activity. The phenomenon recalls the illumination of a rarefied gas in a tube under the influence of electromagnetic induction.

A: clock suitable for a sick-room has been devised by Professor Hirth, of Munich. Pressing a button lights an electric lamp be- hind the dial, and throws the shadow of the hours and hands, magnified, upon the ceil- ing, so that invalids can see it from bed Without craning their necks.

MEASURING THE WAVES. The size of the Atlantic waves has been carefully measured for the Washington Hydrographic Bureau. In height the waves usually average about 30ft., but in rough weather they attain from 40ft. to 48ft. In storms they are often from 500 ft. to 600 ft. ion, and last ten or eleven seconds, while the longest yet known measured half a mile and did not spend itself for twenty-three seconds.

ORIGIN - ORIGIN OF RADIUM.

Sir William Ramsay, in a lecture on radium, referred to the fact that not only is the proportion of radium to uranium in rocks wherever found apparently the same, thus pointing to the uranium origin of radium, but also that the amount of helium in the composition of rocks possibly affords an internal record of the rock. It is too early to offer a reliable assertion as to the origin of radium, yet there is reason for believing that uranium is its parent and predecessor. Possibly, therefore, uranium is an unstable element, and slowly degenerates atom by atom into radium, the time of half loss be- ing, say, a billion years. Radium again degenerates into helium and other products, Which in turn go through relatively shorter Periods of degeneration into more stable but relatively de-energised forms of matter. It was pointed out that the evidence was strong in favour of the belief that the energy liberated by radium and its emana- tions was internal energy of degradation and not energy reflected from without.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
SOIL BACTERIA.

According to the well-known fable, a tiny Mouse was the means of saving the life of a lion, when the king of beasts was caught in the meshes of a net, the moral, which old rEsop intended to teach, being thlt small things are sometimes very useful, and should not be despised. How true this is o: the microbes in the soil. Fertile soils are crowded with these minute organisms, in- visible to the naked eye, and yet so actively beneficent that without their incessant in- dustry the soil would become barren, and life, both vegetable and animal, would not exist. There are various specific kinds; some attack vegetable refuse, and some pro- duce the disintegration of animal remains, and there are other groups always present in fertile soils. There are the nitrifying microbes, whose special object seems to be to transform the ammonia produced in the first stage of decomposition of organic matter into nitrate compounds ready for assimilation by the plants; then there are those which crowd into the nodules of leguminous plants, utilis- ing the nitrogen of the atmosphere, furnish- ing the crop with this stimulzing food, and enriching the soil; and there are also others of a destructive character to whose activity is due the loss of nitrogen in manure heaps. The study of bacteria is of comparatively re- cent date; but scientists are now well on their •uar iknow lectge of them.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
LIGHTHOUSE ILLUMINATION.

Heligoland Lighthouse carries one of the greatest searchlights actually in use, and its candle power is placed at the rather incom- prehensible figure of 30,000,000. Such a figure conveys very little, but the Schuckert Com- pany of Nuremburg, which built the light, have, says Knowledge and Scientific News, con- structed a still larger one, for which they claim an illuminating capacity equal to 316,000,000 candles. If it were possible to set this giant on a tower 300 ft. high its rays Could easily be detected eighty miles away; and those who cherish fancies about light telephony can even imagine that conversa- tions could be made audible by it at such distances. The searchlight has a diameter of tft. 6in., which would be a large size for a church clock, and it is built with an iris shutter, such as some modern cameras have. The leaves of the shutter slide with a fixed diaphragm in the axis of the ray of light, and the electrical control is such as to en- able the shutter to govern the movement of the beam of light in horizontal or vertical directions. By the side of these the flash light installed at St. Catharine's Point seems but an insignificant beacon, for it is only of 15,000,000 candle power. But it is five times os powerful as the light it. replaces. The lens has been made in Birmingham. The revolving portion of -the mechanism, instead of being mounted on rollers as hitherto, floats in a big trough of mercury, and rota- tion is easily and accurately brought about bY a clockwork mechanism of a kind not un- like that in old eight-day clocks. The electri- cal energy of the light is derived from the lame magneto-electric generators which have been working for seventeen years now with- out a breakdown.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FREE CHLTRCHES.

AFTER THE NATIONAL COUNCIL.

The meetings of the National Free Church Council at Manchester were characterised by a vigour and sustained enthusiasm such as is seldom reached oven by great national assemblies; on all hands it is agreed that in spite of the length and number of the meetings the dull passages were hard to find. The at- tendance of the delegates was throughout admirable, the speeches and sermons were of a high order, and altogether the Tenth Annual Council was eminently successful. Now that people have had time to analyse their impres- awns, it is only natural to ask what permanent asset these meetings will contribute to the Free Church world. Apart from Education and Temperance, which necessarily occupied a good deal of the attention of the delegates, it is felt that two or three objects brought into promi- nence at the Sessions will be greatly benefited, and will receive needed stimulus during the year.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
FARB CHURCHES AND THE MISSION FIELD.

One result of the meetings should be a great awakening with regard to mission work. Dr. Horton's presidential pronouncement devoted considerable attention to the missionary problem. A paper given by Dr. Wenyon also, stimulated thought in the same direction. Dr. Horton believes that a church without the missionary spirit can never find its truest life, and he makes this principle apply to a Federation of Churches. Accordingly, he will do all he can during his year of office to foster interest in the foreign field. The suggestion made by Dr. Horton that the Free Church Council should appoint a Missionary Coinuti ttee wig probably be carried out at an early date. It is expected that a Secretary will be appointed for this specific purpose, whose duty it will be to arouse the ititerest of the Councils in missionary enterprise. Of course it is under- stood that the National Council will not directly engage in Missionary operations, although this course has been urged upon it from son', quarters. The aim will rather be to leno: assistance to the sooieties already tit work. Those acquainted with the circumstances of these organisations, and the need for the work, will agree that much might be done in this direction.

DO ANIMALS THINK? Writing on this subject in Harper's Vo'nehly, Mr. John Burroughs remarks that We ao habitually impute thought to animals that we come unconsciously to look upon them as possessing this power. Thus the dog seems to think about his dinner when Prompted by hunger, or about his home 'and kie master when separated from them. The bird seems to think about its mate, its nest, Its young, its enemies. The fox seems to think about the hound that it hears baying "nPon its track and tries to elude it; the beaver ' seems to think about its (lane the muskrat about its house in the fall, the woodpecker about the cell tti the dozy limb which it will need as a lodging-place in the winter. That is, all these creatures act as if they thought. We kno v that under similar conditions we think, and therefore we impute thought to them. But of mental images, concepts, processes like our own, they probably have none. In. rte or inherited impulse, which we call '",sullet, and outward stimuli, explain most of the actions of the animals. When an animal does something necessary to its self- Preservation or to the continuance of its aPecies, it probably does not think about it as, a Person would do, any more than the Pant or tree thinks about the light when it bends towards it, or about the moisture when it senclit down its tap-root. Touch the tail of a porcupine ever so lightly, and it springs up like a trap, and your hand is stuck with quills. I do not suppose there is any more thinking about the act or any e, onscious exercise of will-power than there is In a trap. An outward stimulus is ap- plied, and the reaction is quick. Does not elan wink, and dodge, and sneeze, and Leugh, and cry, and do many other things Without thought or will? Ido not suppose 1,1 l e birds think about migrating, as man !Meg when he migrates; they simply obcy an Inborn impulse to move south or north, as POE THE YOUNG PEOPLE. the case may be. They do not think about the great lights upon the coast that blare out rest the Council is interested in the young with a fat-al fascination in their midnight -iseople needed no demonstration. On the sub- Path 8. If they had independent p.‘wers of ject of the Sunday school problem grave words thought, they would avoid them. But the ' were uttered, and many hints were thrown. out. Rghtliouse is comparatively re, new thing in ,mie life of birds, and instinct has not yet , The Young Free Churchmen's Auxiliary, which taught them to avoid it. To adapt means to' was also brought under the attention of the ee end is an act of intelligenee. brt that in- I Council, is a new branch of the National Conn._elligee may be inborn and instinctive as j cil's work. Auxiliaries are being formed in all githe animals, or it may be, acquired, and therefore rational, as in man. We know that 1 parts of the country for the purpose of trainin.; 1 M „, e animals do not think in any proper sense 1 r'll"' men in Free Church principles and teach- as we do, or have eoncepta and ideas, be- i leg them to speak. A movement that will bring cause they have no language. Thinking in I the v.,iine men into the ranks of the workers luay proper sense is impossible without lan- I Bleed() have the encouragement of all those in Euage . fly, Ipug.,.: 7-, iq the concept. We I authoLity in our churches. ave only to think of the animals .„_ . .as habitu- 1 eieY in a condition analogous to or identical I alth the unthinking and involuntary charac- 1 A sub-committee of the Manchester Corporation was ter of much of our own lives. They are r appointed on Monday to formulate a scheme for deal- creatures of rwitin.. T 1 • '-' in with the unemployed problem should it arise next -lee are wholly im- g tnersed in the —._ -.-, urtcooscious, involuntary r winter. mature out of It ,:ich w I rise, and above which While While loeking over the railings at the Chloride Elec- °Ur J,Jeiun lives go or . • ; tric Company's Works, Pendleton, on Monday, a man i named Sidebotham overbalanced himself, and fell into the canal. He was dead when taken from the water.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE CHURCHES AND LABOUR.

Anotiier reference in Dr. Horton's address should do good. His pronouncement on the relation of the Free Churches to the working classes afforded further evidence of the keen sympathy of the Churches with labour. During the Sessions the mitbile-ilass churchea CAI/Iti in for a good deal of censure—many ant iliCl:ll.3d to think that their faults w(TH rather than under st-ttod. It is to I, t that the numsrous et iticisms offered will fruit. The cliscwaitln on th,. Church certainly see,oo.l to sit ter that trio Free Churches are getting alive to the ilecolti around them. Probably the arc-tot ' hit," of the Sessions was made by the Rev. J. E. Ratti,n- bury on this subject. 1-lo declared that he Church of God should be the home of the people, and his declaration was received with rounds of applause. If the disclssion leads to increased attention being given to this and other forms of social work, it will have rendered great service.

in Diagram 81 the intersected line B E bisects the angle A B C, therefore D is the point of con- tact for a screw-back cannon, whether playing i with ball A or ball C. This rule must not be taken as absolutely exact, for the strength of the stroke and the amount of reverse rotation imparted to the cue boll affect to some ex-tent the angle at which the cue ball recoils, but it will always hold good when the balls are comparatively near to one another owing to the latitude which the proxi- mity of the second object ball allows for different angles of recoil without the cannon lacing missed.

A screw-back cannon off two cushions. Position A, cue ball 8 inches from the baulk cushion and 308 inches from the side cushion. Object white at the back of the D. and on ihv central line of the table. lied ball 2 inchee from the side cushion and 14 Inches from the baulk cushion.

A SCREW-BACK CANNON OFF TWO CUSHIONS. 1 Position Aon diagram 82 shows a screw-back cannon off two cushions, a. stroke seldom played by any except first-class players. Although the stroke is not an easy one it should not be beyond any player who can screw back well, as the chief thing necessary for the accomplishment of the . stroke is the , Power to im- part sufficient retrograde rotation to the cue ball to cause it to travel the required dis- tance after its ;emit from the object ball. The cue ball must be struck well below the sentre, and the stroke must be hard and clean. In playing the stroke shown at A some left hand side should be used as this will be/running side off both cushions. The cue should be carefully chalked for strokes of this nature, for necessary as it is to chalk the cue for any kind of screw shot, it is doubly so when playing strong screw-backs with side. In playing this screw-back cannon off two cushions, with the second object ball pretty close to the cushion, there is a. slight amount of latitude as to how full the first object bait . must be struck for the cannon can be made by the cue ball striking the second cushion quite otiose to the second object ball or by striking the cushion,several inches away from the bah ' if the cue-ball be carrying side. Also the cue , ball, after striking the first cushion, may cannon , direct on to the eecond object hall without touch. log thoasecood cushion, though, of course, this is mot the way to play the. stroke. ritaatera who find this caarncrn too_ difficult,

THE

British Riviera.

DIAGRAM 82. • 13 4

V

===== 0002601_19050401_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE KEY TO THE SOCIAL PROBLEM. BILLIARDS. THE STROKES OF THE GAME. Paper at the Social Service League BY Debate.

Et XS 4120 31,3 AT X .

At the weekly debate in connection with the Social Service League on Thursday evening, Mr. John Norton submitted a paper on "The economic aspect the key to the Social Problem." He said the social problem was a many-sided one and of so complex a character as to XXXI. seem to defy the wit of man to solve it. The questions of chief present importance embraced in it were those ;crew and Reverse Rotation affecting housing conditions, education, physical deterioration, intemperance, old age pensions, the (CONTINUED.) feeding of school children, and from his point of view the most important of all, the Last week I showed that when playing screw- question of the unemployed. It was common enough to ,acks with the cue ball near a cushion, the corn- hear the opinion expressed that to cure the various evils, .ulsory uplifting of the butt of the cue demands they must Christianise society; at other times that hat the cue ball be hit at a point farther above drink was the root of the matter, or that if people were he bed of the table than when playing screw only thrifty there need be no cause for complaining. acks with a horizontally-held cue. Another Another class of person would tell them that though ition that necessitates the butt of the cue they Christianised the masses, and as a consequence wing raised is that in which a player has to inculcated habits of thrift and temperance, there was hay lover a ball, and sc -back-s under such the law of population which would upset all their• . theories and make poverty absolutely indispensable. on.itions are not easy. These positions may, f •oft any part of the table, His object that night was to urge the view that to deal . course, occur but the radically with any or all of the pressing social questions ne shown on diagram 80 not-anfrequentLy hap- before enumerated they must so modify the economic basis of society as to make it possible for every citizen to have the opportunity of earning a livelihood suffic- ient for himself and those depending upon him. He thought no one would deny that they might reasonably I say that if the State was to compel its inhabitants to provide themselves better houses, better education, better methods of sanitation, &c., the State should also I 'devise a means of enabling the people to earn sufficient to pay for that higher standard of living. There were, he contended, two phases of the education question which it would be impossible to deal with thoroughly except by making regular earnings possible. The first was the feeding of under-fed school children nd the second the educational deterioration or even absolute loss of educational advantages which must be the lot of the masses of the worker within a few years of their leaving school. Alluding to the housing problem, Morton pointed out that even if better houses were built, so long as the working classes wore unable to earn sufficient to pay the usual rents the difficulty would exist,and if cheaper houses could not be obtained two or more families must crowd into one house which must in that way soon be reduced to resemble very closely slum property. In the same way the remedy for physical deterioration must surely be a regular wage sufficient to secure the necessaries of life. Military training might be a good thing for the improvement of physique as far as it went, accompanied as it would be by adequate provision of food, clothing, and housing during the period of training, but if the latter condi- tions could be made permanent apart from military training, there could be no necessity for such training for that purpose. Whatever benefit a short period of military training might be, it would to a large extent be neutralized by the return of those so benefited to the usual irregular conditions of employment. What, he thought, they must look to for the dissipation of intemperance was a complete uplifting of the standard of life of the lower ranks of the masses which was dependent upon an adequate means of sustenance. If the State could ensure that there could always be bad by those who wanted it regular employment at a living wage, it could condemn and pull down slum property and if necessary The player cannon only, and leave the red playeir looking two or three strokes ahead build houses to replace those demolished. In that way it could by dispersing the inhabitants of slum districts aas played destroy the hot beds of drunkenness and vice ;it would iear the corner pocket. By potting the red as destroy environment which engendered the disease and xell as cannoning, the uninviting position illus. ensnared those who by circumstances over which they .;rated by diagram 80 has presented itself, The had no control were precipitated into it. The solution crew-back cannon, which is practically the only of the unemployed question involved, it seemed to ftroke at all on, is not an easy one. Care must him, the recognition of the principle " the right to w taken not to strike the ball too low down, labour "and if that right could, as it ought and eventu- "nd the stroke should be played sharply. ally he thought must be conceded on an economically sound basis, every social question was placed on a DIVIDING THE OBJECT BALL IN SCREW different footing, and he could not think it a too rash STROKES. assertion to make that with that "right to labour " once established the Churches would do more to In playing screws when the balls are in such christianize the masses in ten years than they would in position that the cue ball has to come back at a hundred years under present social conditions. I decided angle, many players find a difficulty in An interesting debate was taken part in by the Rev. letermining how full the object ball must be . H. Dtuanico (who presided), Messrs. J. Heywood, J. struck The way to play these strokes is to Hawthorne, Heckle, and Davies. 2atch the object ball on that part which bisects :he angle formed by the three balls, for example

[COPYRIGHT.]

DI-AGRA M 80.

In 'awkward position for a screw-back cannon. -Red on the spot. Object white behind the •ed and cloee to the top cushion. Cue ball mid- way between the object balls. All three balls n a straight line or nearly so.

Dividing an object ball

for a, sorew-bark Damon.

lens ' • ' 1 1 • 1 . . , 1 ' - ..4) In 1 • . . v I . - 10.:immumpumr.1,..••.- • awkw's --'

DIAGRAM 81. ,P • 0 le

===== 0002601_19050401_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BOOKS, MAGAZINES, &c.

"The Bell in the Fog and other Stories," by Gertrude Atherton, which has lately been published by Messrs. Macmillan and co., is a collection of ten tales which display to a remarkable degree the versatility of this writer. The three first stories in the book have a more or [less common interest in that they deal with theo- sophical and supernatural subjects, with the scenes laid in Hertfordshire, Yorkshire, and Brittany. "The Greatest Good of the Greatest Number," which follows, tells bow a New York physician, out of regard for the husband, sacrifices the life of a wife whose reason has beep deranged by morphine. "The Monarch of a Small Survey" and Talbot of Ursula" are Californian stories, the former giving the history of two women whose lives were ruined by the selfishness of a miserly millionaire; and the latter recording the unrequited love of an English settler for a beautiful Cal; t.Jrnian. "The Tragedy of a Snob" relates the atteml ts made by a New York bank clerk to enter the select cuclo of" cottagers "at Newport, and the painful awakening that followed. Crowned with One Crest" has for heroine an imaginative American woman, and, for theme, her second marriage with an Englishman. A perfect marriage forms the subject matter of" Death and the Woman "and "A Prologue" describes in dramatic form the fateful meeting between the father and mother of Alexander Hamilton, the American statesman, during the historic hurricane that swept over the West Indies at that period. Miss Atherton's stories are decidedly novel and full of dramatic power, but the anti-climax which is frequently introduced jars upon the reader by its harsh suddenness. The author's intention is evidently to administer a shock, and in this respect she is admirably successful. Those people whose literary taste demands the spice of the unconventional and tragic will find much to please them in Miss Atherton's clever stories. Mr. Frederic Harsison's life of " Chatham," which forms the concluding volume of Messrs. Macmillan's well-known series of Twelve English Statesmen," was published early this mouth. With William the Con- queror, Edward the First, and Cromwell, Mr. Harrison placed Chatham as one of the four great creative states- men produced by our country in eight centuries ; and shows how, by the creation of the Colonial system, Chatham became the founder of the British Empire, and how, for a century and a half, the development of our country has grown upon the imperial lines of Chatham's ideals. Within the compass of a small volume Mr. Harrison provides a vivid account of the statesman whose career must always possess a supreme intesest for Englishmen, for by his fiery eloquence, his great personal ascendency, and his passionate love of all be deemed lofty and true, he raised Great Britain from despondency "to a height of prosperity and glory unknown to any formerfage." Readers of Carlyle's ' Frederick the Great " will remember the eccentricities of that monarch's father. and the curious characters who formed the court circle at Potsdam and King's Wusterhausen. In" The Red Cravat," a historical novel which Messrs. Macmillan have issued the author' Mr. Alfred Tresidcler Sheppard, introduces some of these half-forgotten figures of eighteenth century Prussia. Frederick William I. appears painted a little less favourably than in Carlyle's picture ; Jakob Paul Gundling, the bibulous, much badgered Chamberlain, and David Fassmann are por- trayed ; and the reader makes acquaintance with the giant grenadiers of Potsdam, recruited, by force, bribe, ' or wile, from all the nations of Europe. Part of the action passes at Leipzig during Fair-time. The hero 1 and heroine are English, and there is a strong love interest. The plot hinges on an ingenious scheme of Passmann's which, by happy accident, brings about a result the scheme was intended to frustrate. Once one has waded through the decidedly boring account of the amorous Chamberlain's milk and water adventures, it is possible to become warmly interested inthe story. Both hero and;heroine are made of " the right stuff "and one follows the account of their varying fortunes zealously. There is nothing like a big hero,and here we have one large enough of trame to be forcibly enlisted in the Potsdam grenadiersafter a grim struggle for freedom with the wily recruting sergeant and his helpers. We will not reveal the secret of how he ultimately wins his way to the side of love and beauty, but it is a fitting sequel and is well worked out. - - -

One of the most remarkable cases of attempted fraud upon a railway company, in connection with "bogus" personal injuries, resulted only last year in the claimant being prosecuted for perjury and sentenced to a term of hard labour. Out of hundreds of people travelling by a certain train from Euston on a Saturday afternoon, there was only one—a middle-aged man—who com- plained of injury in connection with a slight bump occasioned by shunting operations. Had he been con- tent to claim moderate compensat ion, he would probably have been successful, for the "bump" undoubtelly occurred, and his injuries were very clevsrly simulated. But he estimated his damages at the high figure of

===== 0002601_19050401_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
laA

Frodsham,

Lynirn, Runcorn, Warrington,

£5,000, supporting his claim by statements as to the large income he had been making in various businesses, to which he was na longer capable of attending. Inquiries into his commercial career had consequently to be instituted by the solicitor's department of the London and North-Western, with the result that an extraordinary story of bankruptcy, fraud, and deceit was unfolded. When the trial came on at the High Court, the plaintiff's evidence-in-chief I was absolutely torn to shreds in cross-examination, and the jury dismissed his suit without hearing the witnesses for the railway company. A warrant for perjury was promptly obtained, and a few days later the man was arrested just as he was leaving his home at Brighton to embark for America. He was tried at the Old Bailey, found guilty by the jury without their leaving the box, and sentenced by Mr. Justice Bigham to nine months' hard labour—certainly not a severe sentence, considering that his action had cost the London and North-Western Railway Company over .£l,OOO, and had engrossed almost the whole attention of their assistant Common Law solicitor and his staff for many month s.—From!an interesting article on "Railways and the Law," which appears in the April "Windsor Magazine," a sumptuous number containing a large instalment of Mr. Rider !laggard's wonderful Ayesha : the sequel to 'She," and a complete story in Agnes and Egerton Castle's fascinating new series "If Youth but Knew," besides many short stories by favourite novelists. The articles include a survey of "Our Population," by J. Holt Schooling, and a study of the work of M-. E. Blair Leighton, accompanied by up less than eighteen beautiful reproductions of his) most famous pictures. In the " Cornhill Magazine" for April appear the customary instalments of the two serial stories "Rose of the World," by Agnes and Egerton Castle, and "The King's Revoke," by Mrs. Margaret L. Woods. is " Autour d'Evelina ; some Unpublished Letters In I Fanny Burney's," Mr.lWalter Frith describes from con- temporary sources the publication of " Evelina," andof enabled to check Mad ame d'Arblay's later recollection of the transacti on. Under the joint title of " Greek and Trojans," Magi at or Artium contributes "A Dialogue' on" Schools and Colleges," and the Hon. John Collier an article on "Compulsory Classics, by an Outsider." Mr. Stephen Gwynn discourses on "Mr. G. B. Shaw and the British Public," and Mr. Joseph Shaylor writes with authority on 'Reprints and their Readers." In "Dying Out," George Baurne describes the older generation of farm labourers as contrasted with their less competent' successors. "Spur and Spear" is a sketch of pig-sticking by Venour Davidson.ln verse Mr. E. H. Pember,K.C. with' his " Debita Flacco " gives aboration account of an episode which five-and-forty years ago befel a politician known first in Australia , then, and better at St. Stephen's while short stories are "The Second Mate," by Mr. Perceval Gibbon, and "How the Prince was Saved," by Miss Dora Greenwell McChesney. The "Grand Magazine" is rapidly justifying its claim to be the most original magazine in the worlds For 40. one could not expect better or more varied read- ing. Among the items in the April number is "My best story ; and why I think so "by H. G. Wells. The story is The Star,' which well illustrates the magic of Mr. Well's prolific imagination. There is also a con- tinuation of 'Real Experiences of the Supernatural" which students of the occult will doubtless read with relish. Mr. Ernest Thompson Seton contributes " The rise of the Seton Indians,' while " The Lone Hand " is continued,- by Barry Pain. The great question of 1" Women's Immorality at Bridge" is also further debated for the delectation of lovers of the king of card games. These are typical items from an extensive contents" and readers will find that, generally, the boast "every page in this magazine is interesting ' is justified. " C.B. Fry? Magazine" has filled a vacancy in the world of periodical literature, and there is no more welcome publication in the view of a large army of readers. The high class of the magazine is well-main- tained each month, special articles and stories always being tip-top. The April number's special features are "'John Roberts: king of the Cue," by Sydenham Dixon ; " Gold Faults Illustrated," by G. W. Beldam " Football in Sheffield," by C. G. Hughes : Inter- nationals on Internationals,, by Harold Begbie, and all the usual items. "Woman's Life " for Arril Ist • is a grand double Spring fashionnumber.—" Tit-Bits ' has introduced a clever picture-story competition with £lOO in prizes.— "The Wide World Magazine," that budget of thrills, contains "The Secret of the Swamp," " The Diver and the Devil-Fish," "Rammed by a Whale," and "In the Grip of Russia "—to mention only a few of the April 1 attractions. . .

The new "Harmsworth Encyclopedia "is an added testimony to the enterprise of the Harmsworth firm. Most people would like to possess a lgood encyclopedia but only the few can afford what is undoubtedly a luxury and necessity in one. Now, even the humble workingman can arange to hare such a magnificent work on his bookshelf as the " Harmsworth Encyclopedia," seeing that it is being issued in fortnightly parts at a cost of 7d. per number. This works out at only one half-penny a day, the total cost of the edition being a little over Li. We have been favoured with advance copies of the first three parts and we are very pleased with their general style and get-up. Paper and printing are excellent, while the profusion of good illustrations is such as to make the encyclopecha one of the most agreeable works of reference available. Each of the 40 parts will contain 160 pages, and the whole will make eight handsome volumes with 6,400 pages and 50,000 entries. As the publishers, Messrs. T. Nelson and Sons and the Amalgamated Press, Limited, say, the encyclopedia "gives the pith and essence of the world's accumulated knowledge." We advise our' readers to cake up the encyclopedia at once.

According to the " Manchester Guardian Society's Gazette," the number of Commercial Failures published in the United i Kingdom during the quarter ending Saturday, March 25th, was 2,256. The number in the corresponding quarter of last year was 2,151, showing an increase of 105, being a net increase in 1905, to date, ' of 105.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
C

ili"

of%

.... Start the Day Right! /, ..J. ~ A good start is half the race. If you suffer from t: '''''•,, Breakfast-table • ) Peevishnes you commence all wrong. A world of meaning is contained in this • phrase, and if the trouble arises from a torpid liver, impaired digestion or a "bad night," you will find a world of relief in a box of Beechain9 0 -

S

What is the good of food if you cannot eat it?

BEECHAM'S PILLS will strengthen the digestive organs and create a vigorous and healthy appetite. What is the use of going to bed if you cannot sleep? BEECHAM'S PILLS will gently calm irritation of the nervous system

and induce sound refreshing sleep.

Sold everywhere In Boxes, Price Is. lid. (56 pills) and 2s. 9.1. (168 pills). Agri...I4IIIIII.IIIIMMINNI

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

Bnglish Ilnd Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Reeding a Speciality. Largest of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BCOK. 160 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FREE ON APPLICATION.

H. MOROI. 17 _

18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.C.

Warehouses : 11, 12:and- 13, Neal's Yard, and 41, Real Street, (in the rear). Telegraphic Address:—•• Rabbitry, London." Telephone 6136 ()antral

EXAMINER OFFICE,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR ALL KINDS OF PRAT CIKCULA. RS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

HANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HT DIN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, services of Song. Festivsle. c.

.IpROattAMM Es for Entertainments, Concerts, In the latest artistic style.

SICK, RECEIPT, and tiIJESCKIP lON BOOKS Pttoted. Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

,CATALOGUEi for Public and Private Libraries, Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

-- INVOICES. Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATIONAL wouxs.

IjRICIt LISTS Printed on card or paper Illustrated. If required.

A DDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

A_Ll., kinds of BOOBS BCUND in any style, from the simplest to the moat elaborate.

DUB BOOKS and CONTRIBUTION CARDS for it FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, Ec.

a OBPEC F USES, BALANCE SHEETS. and Roports of all kinds,

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES DANCES: CONCERT-3. BAZAARS. pIEBTINGs. SPORTS. SERVICES, TEA PARTIES. ANNOUNCEMENTS.

tOGRAMMEB

CONCERTS SOIREES BALLS BOOKBINDERS,

Fos FETES, TEA PARTIES SARMONS

MEETINGS &c., .4c PAPER RULERS. ac..

ACCOUNT BOOKS, &c. RULES PRINTED end BOUND for Odd feHowe Foresters, Druids, Shepherds' Sick, Burials and Trade Societies. Baticnatee given for all kinds of work.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

TELEPHONE My. PRI N TERS, BOOKBINDERS LITEICGRAPHERS, 80c.

BEIVFEY STRI:ETI

1

1 K E AT I N C'l cog, *.) 1 I . ' POWDER :L. ..._, • • fr___._.... , „, 7,13:Q3tP7 >r:•2`le-i.V...71.!- 7 ..ZZ.,- ~..: '• '''', q , -.`,.:4,5.4-.77"A7:;- ''''',4l. • • il-- L. Ft- 3 ..•,-i ''. • :i'Z' i \‘'.! ' ":„:.: <s? MOTHS. '7-,'.., 1:<- 4t.. •V;e:lt''', ••• Bt —E. 1 ' -L E _ • 50 N - ,:ii .( • ---%,-,-..----,. - ....:_-,--:„.,:::. Tins,- 3d. 6d.& 1/.

JOHN WALKER & '. Co..

===== 0002601_19050401_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WA RRINGTON

VALUERS,

Established 1875.

If you want to buy a genuine Business, or require a partner, from £5 to £5,000, in Liverpool and District—consult us.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
NO SALE. NO CHARGE.

34, South John Street, " LIVERPOOL Lord Street)

===== 0002601_19050401_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. EDUCATION IN WARRINGTON

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENT. ----- Authors of letters intended for publication must in SOME REFORMS ADVOCATED. -all cases seal their names and addresses to the Editor , as a guarantee of good faith. Matters intended for publication must be written On , m tide only of the paper and sent in, if possible, not ' Warrington Teachers' Association star than Thursday. ! Annual Meeting. IMPORTANT NOTICE.—Our correspondents are requested to carefully note that the alteration of our ------ time of publication from Saturday morning to Friday The members of the Warrington and District Teachers afternoon will necessitate the forwarding of all M.S. Association held their annual meeting at the Technical to this office not later than Thursday.—ED. " Ex." school on Saturday morning, Mr. Edward Wallington , presidiag over a good attendance. , Councillor Stott and the Next Election. , THE YEAR'S WORK. Me Upson, hon. sec., presented his annual report Sir,—l am afraid I have touched a rather sore spot in which showed that during the year the membership of " Nunqualm's " narrow mind in my last letter: judging the Association had increased by 21. While the corn/ by the sarcasm he displays in this rather evasive reply. mittee were grateful for the progress made they fedt In his answer to my question," Has not Mr. Stott a there was still room for missionary work, especially , perfect right to help whom he likes?" mote the follow- among the younger teachers. There must also be at mg remark "Can any man conscientiously say that least 60 certificated teachers employed in Warrington because a Free Trader likes an individual who represents who were not members, and as almost all the head Protection that he must forego his principles to help teachers were members it was thought that some whom he likes." Not at all " Nunqualm "; it is just recruiting work might be legitimately expected at their because Mr. Stott will not forego his principles that he hands. The assiduity with which the committee had is going to help whom he likes, attended to its duties was beyond all praise, every In his reply to my question which he designates as member having attended 75 per cent., or more, of the "second," I suppose he feels he thinks he must say meetings. An important and to some extent serious something, so he reverts to the old political dodge of event as affecting the association was the formation of mud-slinging, by telling me, I "would do well to con- the new Ashton-in-Makerfield Association. They snit any Primer on Volitical Economy and, first of all, opposed the formation of that association, but the learn something of the elements of Government." Well, Executive, in its wisdom did not see fit to withhold its friend "Nunqualm " it does not need much learning to consent to the formation. No doubt the great majority get at the elements, or first principles, of either Tory or of their members in the administrative area of the Liberal Government, for they seem to only possess one, County of Lancaster would join that new association. namely, legislation for their own class. There were 23 teachers on their list living and working He then deals with number three, and as far as his n the county area, but he had reasons to believe that a reference to Chinese Labour in South Africa is con- considerable minority would still continue members of cerned, he will find no better opponents of that dis- the parent society. They would, however, inevitably graceful affair than the Labour party, but if lam not suffer some loss, and that pointed to the necessity for mistaken," Nunqualm," there are Liberal mine-owners arduous work if the association was not to go back- in Smith Africa as well as Conservative. Aral right? ward. They should not leave all the spade work to the He also says, " It. may be that even Con-ervative officials, but realize their individual responsibility, and veorkiagmen would prefer a big loaf instead of a little then he had no fear for the future, believing that the one." Now my ceperience so far is, that at our present prosperity which had been theirs for some years past rate e progress, even under your vaunted Free Trade, would continue. (Applause.) the workingmen cf this country will not even get his The report was adopted on the motion of Mr. EVANS little loaf if we do not stop the everlasting grinding of seconded by Mr. STANSFIELD. the employers, the greed for big profits, the landlords, The balance sheet, which was satisfactory, was capitalists, and other modern ehylocks who are not adopted. satisfied with their pound of flesh, but would exact the ELECTION OF OFFICERS. blood, bones and srnews of their fellow-beings, the workers. Can the Liberals put an end to this? lam Mr. STANSFIELD proposed that Mr. Upson should be afraid not, for we find these modern Shylocks in their appointed vice-president. He said he had a strong feel- ranks as we do among the Conservatives. This being lug that those who did the spade work should also fill so, would you deny the rights of the workers to form a the honourable positons of vice-president and president party of their own, to fight their own battles, when we of the association. (Hear, hear.) They could not do see Class legislating for class and leaving the masses of better than elect Mr. Upson. (Applause.) workers to wallow in poverty. Neither Profec- Mr. DI:WM:MST heartily seconded. Mr. Upson had tion or year present Free Trade will alter that. We been of great service to the association and was a most useful member of the Education Committee. He was have tried both and yet, God knows, look at the poverty sure the Association would not suffer by having Mr. and misery around us, 12 millions on the verge of starvation, and bore you are telling me '• to as its vice-president. (Hear, hear.) to learn some- , , The motion was then carried with acclamation. thing of the elements of Government." M lam a worker " Nnnqualm " and as such, I feel the ' r. UPSON said he much appreciated the hearty way need of something better than you have to offer,to they had received his name as vice-president. One of deal with this state of affairs and as yet I have found his reasons for accepting the position was so that he nothing better than Socialism. ' could b relieved next year of the very arduous work he I see you refer to my statement regarding the Labour had been doing for the association as secretary. movement and" the true Christianity '' and say " you Mr. UPSON was unanimously re-elected hon. secretary' are teaching us something," well, lam pleased to know and hoe. treasurer, Mr. Longshaw being appointed as ' ' that I have at least been able to teach you something his assistant in each office. Mr. F. J. Ernson was I and I should like if possible, to teach you a little appointed Parliamentary and Press correspondent. more. You say, "It may be that I have either read my TILE PROGRESS OF THE BENOVELENT FUND Bible wrong, or else the Clarion is only joking when it pretends to be serious." As far as the" Clarion" „ ea Ue is r. ANI*4 5N01.9 unanimously re-elected secretary of concerned it matters little to me what it pretends, but the Benovelent and Orphan fund. in dealing with the Bible, there are plenty who read it , In responding Mr. CANN pointed out that when he but they do not follow its teachings. six years ago took over the secretaryship of the fund lam sorry to trespass so far on your space sir, but I three teachers subscribed each ss. a year. That sum had would just like to add one thing more, it is this ; that now been increased to £36. under Socialism, the Bishop and his brethren would Mr. UPSON thought that Mr, Cann was deserving of have little to do for we should be nearer to •the ideal their best thanks for the admirable work he had done. brotherhood of man, and the capitalist, landlords, The fund had progressed remarkably under his care. monopolists, the sweater, slums and poverty would (Applause). disappear, the worker would get a fair share of the Mr. STANSFIELD seconded. They were, he seid,deeply wealth he creates, his standard of living would be raised indebted to Mr: Cann for his efforts on behalf of a fund he would have now pleasure in his work and home, he which was doing so excellent a work. would become part owner of his own country ;he would The committee were appointed as follows :—Mhis make it more productive of wealth instead of the pro- Brooks, Miss Shaw Mr. Cann, Mr. Evans, Mr. Wright, duction being strangled by rack-renting landlords, he Mr. Stansfield ard Mr. Rose. would have no fear of endinghis days in the workhouse : MR. WALLINGTON THANKED. his food would be cheap and yet wholesome ; his I Mr. WALLINGTON, in vacating the chair, said he children properly fed, housed, and educated, and so ' wished to thank them all most sincerely for the kindness overcome the physical deterioration of our nation and consideration shown to him during his presidency. which is going on at the present time. Theca and other He would like to congratulate his successer,Mr. Jeffery social reforms, I maintain " Nunqualim" form the on the honour that had been done him—an honour he basis of " true Christianity." It is the real, genuine, richly deserved, and hoped that Mr. Jeffery's term of practice' religion, that would live even though your 1 office would be as pleasant as his (the speakers) had Bible were no more.— Yours Sr.c., ' been. Mr. JEFFERY, in taking the chair, proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Wallington for his services as president. Mr. Wallington, he said, had not only brought to bear on the office his great abilities, but a commendable enthusiasm, which he hoped would be an example to the other members of the association. (Hear, hear). Mr. STANSFIELD seconded. Mr. Wallington had filled the position with great dignityand shown a strong decision of character which made them feel such confi- dence in him. He had stood loyally by the members of the profession when they needed support. Whatever else the Education Act had done it had certainly bound ' them together better. (Applause). 1 The motion was carried. ' Mr' WALLING-TON returned thanks, and said he was I only too pleased to do anything he could for the benefit ' of the association and its members. A PROPOSED SEVERANCE. ,

FAIRPLAY.

The Bases of Free Trade. Sir,—ln my last two letters, I have endeavoured to treat the Fiscal question purely as an abstract one, by exposing a very commen fallacy as to the function of money, or the part that it plays in commerce, and in showing that it is not necessarily synonymous with, but a symbol of wealth, and that it is in fact a measure of value and a medium of exchange within the country in which it circulates only. Also, that in international exchange, excess in the 'slue of imports over the value of exports is not, and in fact, cannot be, paid for in money, but, in the case of a creditor country which ours very largely is, is paid for in interest on investments, services rendered, such as carriage, and exports, which are of course entitled to profit, and that so far from being impoverished, we as a nation are en- riched by this excess. Further, that taxes imposed on imported goods are not paid for by the sender, but by the consumer and therefore are a burden to him. That we did not adopt Free Trade as a policy from any chimerical motives of philanthropy to the foreigners, but simply for the benefit of our own people, in short, from motives of self interest, and that we partisans to it, advocate its continuance for the same reason. I now propose to produce concrete evidence in support of my contention. This meets me in such abundance, _ that 'I find it difficult to make a selection. The agregate I THE PRESIDENTIAL ADDRESS. value of our total imports for the two years 1902 1903 was £1,070,000,000 or an average of £535,000,000 Mr. JXFFERY said he thought it was scarcely neces- per year,whilst the value of exports for the same period sary for him to say how deeply sensible he was of the , high honour conferred neon him to occupy the presi- was .£709,500,000,0r an aversr of ab0ut£354,730,000 per I decide' chair. He appreciated the honour more as being year. showing an excess o imports over exports Of merchandise only of £360,000,000 or an average of bestowed upon a member of that large body of class .C 180,000,000 per year. or more in one Year than ' teachers, whose proper value in the scheme of education, the total amount of coin in circulation. Therefore, if , whose professional status and practical knowledge did this excess in the value of imports over the value of t not seem to be realized by the " man in the street.' To exports in merchandise was required to be paid for in ;those who had long laboured in Warrington for the t cause of education, from the point of view both of the coin, there would not be sufficient if every coin in the child and the teacher, the increased enthusiasm dis- realm, from the sovereign to the farthing was applied ' for the purpose for any one year, let alone a succession played by the members of their association gave cause of years. Again, bullion and specie form an important : for rejoicing. They had had in Warrington now two I years practical experience of the working of the Educa- item of international exchange, but have been purposely , tion Act, and whatever may be said, for oragainst, they, excluded from the above figures. If merchandise in a international trade was paid for with money, though its teachers, were ready to admit that the Act had been o did not withdraw all from circulation, the table of one making for the advancement of education. (Hear, returns of the imports and exports of bullion and specie . hear.) The local authority had endeavoured, and with grant success, wisely to administer the Act. Their work would show the reverse of what has been seen in the • had been, and was still, fraught with many difficult case of merchandise. That is, instead of imports being problems, as it must be admitted that they succeeded to in excess of the exports, the exports would be in excess of the imports, or, if merchandise to the value of a somewhat barren heritage. Unlike most other large . £535,000,000 per year had to be paid for in money for towns Warrington had to equip itself with all the n imports, whilst we only received £354,750,000 for necessary machinery for the administration of the exports of merchandise, surely this would be shown in Act. The committee also assumed control, from the the tables of bullion and specie as an excess of beginning (and this was not done by all authorities) of exports over imports. But what is the fact? education in all its branches, primary, secondary, a Instead of the country being denuded of its money, by and technical, with the aim of making the educational as much as possible of the £180,000,000 value being ladder complete. He mentioned that as being two facts appropriated to the payment of one year's excess of the often overlooked by many who compared Warriegtorrs value of imports over the value of exports of merchan. ' work with that of other towns. In the elementary dise, we actually received more during the year 1902 schools, with which they were most closely concerned by £5,269,000 excess in bullion and specie. So that that i CONSIDERABLE rmertovgaturrrs HAD rixnrs EFFECTED. the country was not only enriched by receiving an All schools, he thought it might be said, were much excess in the value of merchandise for the year 1902 better equipped now than formerly; some, of course, equal to £183,000,000, but also by receiving an excess of having experienced greater improvement than others in bullion and specie in the same year to the value of this respect. That of itself had materially aided the .C. 5,269,000. Is it possible that more conclusive conrete teacher in his at all times difficult task,bat an especially evidence could be adduced to prove an abstract conten- , arduous one when he was labouring under disadvantages tion ? I think it will be conceded that it is not, and regarding equipment. Stricter vigilance and an lea- this evidence is supplied by the Fiscal Blue Book, which proved system had combined to lessen the di ffictilty of was compiled in response to instructions given by the the teacher created by absence and irregularity of Chamberlainites, but who have dropped it because it ; attendance. There had been fixed a scale of salaries. disproves their case. : which in spite of the ever-present economist they did Then as to who pays the taxes imposed on imported not consider perfect, though it compared favourably goods. It has been repeatedly asserted that moderately with the scales in force elsewhere. In any system of low taxes on imported commodities do not raise their Placation, the one thine important above all others wile price to the consumer, but that is to deny the ostensible the calibre of the teachers. The truth of this the head and front of their object. The assertion is that Education Cornmittes had certainly recognized. Partly at the prices at which they are obtained by the con. qualified tenchers had given place to fully certificated sumer, the home producer is unable to supply them at a teachers and there were now engaged under the War- profit and that it, will be necessary for the rington authority twice as many such teachers as were consumer to pay more. To do this it is engaged under it in April, 1903. (Applause). These proposed to shut out foreign produce and thus changes had tended to make the work of the teacher raise prices here,and enable our home producers to make more tolerable and more efficient. and had provided the a profit. It is actually proposed toappraise the patrio- child with better opportunities to fit itself for the duties tism of the individval by the measure of his consent to of life. The decision the authority had arrived at with this. But if a tax on imported commodities makes no reference to difference in their price, how can it possibly make any PHYSICAL INSTRUCTION difference in the monetary value of their purchaser's would meet with the approval of those actively engaged patriotism ? The facts however, fully disprove this in the work of teaching. The need for a healthy body assertion. Our most recent attempt to interfere with was by no one recognized more fully than by the teachers themselves, who appreciated to the full the the natural course of trade in this country, as evidenced by the results of the Sugar Convention abundantly dig- difficulty of teaching the physically unfit. The quali- fications of the teachers, as stated by the Chairman of proves it. But a ridiculous apology is now set up that the increased price,the consequent ruin of British Indus- the School Management Committee, afford sufficient added to their tries, the consequent deprivation of thousands of our knowledge of this difficulty, woul should occupy its d fellow-countrymen of the means to earn bread for them- guarantee that physical training selves and their families, and the no less consequent proper place in the school curriculum, without the ap- curtailment of the purchasing power of money, and the pointment of special instructors, Much still remained resulting injury to our home trade, is to be for the Warrington authority to accomplish. The over- accounted for by the shortage of the beet crop, crowded condition of the town's schools demanded Folly can go no further, but I leave this to stew immediate remedy, and steps had already been taken in its own juice, and take another example which towards the erection of two new schools. They hoped has not been subject to such a ridiculous apology. I that these schools would not be of the " Barracks " have pointed out that the shackles of import tariffs type—(hear, hear)—the evils of which had been pointed were struck off tolopen the floodgates of commerce to out by no less an authority than Sir John Gorst. Then admit food duty free to a starving people. It is common again, the size of the classes in %he schools of the town knowledge that this had the effect it was intended to was far too large, although they were prepared to admit have, and from that time the people of this country that improvements had been made in this direction also. have been better clothed, better fed and better True education had to deal with the development of the housed than in any previous period of our history. If individual child and this was not to be achieved with then, the release from taxation had that effect, the classes of GO and 70 pdpils. In this respect we re-imposition of this taxation will have the opposite were much behind our Colonies where 30 was effect.—Yours faithfully, the maximum number to be placed under the A. RATHBONE. charge of one teacher. In our secondary schools 24 to 30 pupils were considered sufficient for one teacher, but

Mr. STANSFIELD moved "That this association Severs its connection with the Lancashire County Association of Teachers." The formation of the Ashton-in-Maker- Held Association had, he thought, done away with the need for a continued connection with County associa- tion. It was for the purpose of helping the 'Lancashire county teachers that they joined the County Association. Some discussion ensued, when it was decided to adjourn the question to the June meeting of the Asso- ciation.

The Mount, Groppenhall.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
. t

The Examiner, Saturday, April 1, 1905. THE BOROUGH BUDGET.

in primary schools the Board of Education regarded GO as a legitimate number. A class of 60, composed of children of varying abilities, disposition and tempera- ment, and upon whom the home influence was equally variable, must act prejudically neon the teacher, who felt himself unable to realize adequately the ideals of his profession. Naturally all this would mean increased expeaditure and an addition to the present high rates. Already education authorities were making representa- tions to the Board of Education asking that the train- ing of teachers should be taken over by the Board—an There is welcome news for ratepayers in the Warring- ton Corporation Budget which will be presented at the important branch of work which should have been under their control long ago. (Hear, hear.) Too long had meeting of the Town Council on Tuesday evening. The the training of teachers been left in the hands of partly estimates of the various committees have been prepared irresponsible bodies—too long had many teachers, and if they are sanctioned the total rates of the Borough will be 7s. Bd. in the £ as against 7s. 10d. in the 2 last owing to their inability or unwillingness to sub- year. This is made up as follows :—lmprovement rate. scribe to a certain creed, been debarred from having the collegiate training which their success had 3s. ; poor rate, 45. 4d. ; general sewers rate, 4d. The merited. To intensify the evil, many authorities decrease is:in the improvement rate, which was 3s. 6d. penalized the non-college trained teachers by placing last year, while the poor rate and general sewers rate them on a lower salary scale. In so far each show an increase of 2d. as the Act tended to make education more and more a The following is a summary of the estimates, and charge upon the National Exchequer he for one gladly comparison is given with the rate for the previous welcomed it. Personally he had never been able to see year:— the reason why Warrington should have an education April 1904. April 1905. rate of 10d. only and West Ham, for instance, a rate of s. d. £ S. it . 28. 10d. Education was not a parochial but a national Borough Rate concern, and Warrington's children were not earmarked Improvement Rate •35,128 1 5 ... 30,352 4 6 for Warrington's later service. How many of those General Sewers Rate 1,777 10 0.. 2,564 6 6 who were serving this community faithfully and well , had received their education elsewhere, and, on the ; 72,542 3 8 68,214 12 11 other hand, how many of Warrington's sons had placed There-1 In regard to the Borough rate it will be noted that their abilities at the disposal of other towns? there is a slight decrease, although the education rate, which is included under this head, is 21,435 7s. lid There- fore he took it that only when the charge for education more than last year. The chief cause of the reduction was made a national one would they find a satisfactory issue out o f their present financial difficulty. (Applause.) is that the balance of £3,362 12s. 10d. which was due to There apoeared in a local paper a fortnightago a report the bankers at the beginning of last year has been from a representative member of the Education Cora- mitten. That report provided food for much thought, practically extinguished, only £l5 4s. 7d. remaining to be cleared off. The increase of 2d. in the poor rate is and it would be interesting to consider it first from the point of view of the teacher, as the report itself was due to the fact that the 4s. 2d. levied last year has not evidently written from the point of view of the ratepayer. been sufficient to meet the calls. In connection with The occurrence of the following passage:"l believe there the welcome decrease of 6d. in the improve- , is a great danger of making our education ideal too high, meet rate it should be noted that owing making provision for the few brilliant pupils and for- to the increased income a bank overdraft of £2,766105. 2d getting the many of only ordinary intelligence, whose with which the Corporation was confronted in this department last year, has been converted into a credit circumstances and social conditions limit their aspire- has always a tendencyto fluctuate considerably. Of the tions, if not their requirements," would lead one to balance of £551 15s. 6d. The sewers rate, of course, various items included in the estimates,the sum allowed infer that the writer, in common with many others, held the opinion that at least some of the children of to-day were being over-educated. The expression of by the General Purposes Department for Parliamentary such an opinion from a working man's representative and legal expenses is £2,500 or an increase of £l,OOO on was, to say the least, surprising. The attitude of the last year. Street lighting is responsible for a large organized workers to education was both friendly and expenditure, the amount allocated for the purpose being encouraging, for they now realized that in the acquire- £5,920 as against £5,400 in the previous year. ment e f a thoroughly sound and liberal education dwelt I their ultimate success. Not for all time should the children of the working classes grow up to be" hewers of wood and drawers of water" to those more favourably placed, but not more richly endowed mentally. There was not, he took it, a certain position in the scheme of life assigned to each child and which that child alone must occupy. Instances might be given iii plenty where circumstances and social conditions had not limited the aspirations of children of ability. Education was a natienal concern and the mental capacities of each child were a national asset of the greatest value. Regarded not in its purest and noblest sense,but from a utilitarian standpoint only education proliteth the nation. It was a siagular fact that while a scholar cost £3 per annum, a pauper cost £l5, and a criminal cost £3O. Therefore it behoved those anxious for the national well-being to see that no obstacle was placed in the wry of a child's acquiring the best education possible. The report went on to speak somewhat slightingly of the variety of subjects taught in the elementary schools. Surely this, showing as it did the necessity for the teacher being highly qualified in many subjects. called for a truer appreciation of the value of his ser- vices and a better remuneration for them. Might not the scarcity of teachers be attributed to the fact that their professional training was long and laborious, and hitherto their services had been appraised at no higher value than clerks ? Sir William Anson, admittedly an authority on such a subject, had said that the great difficulty of the Board of Education was the wastage of teachers whom it was impossible to keep in the pro- fession. Why was this wastage and where was the remedy to be sought ? Not in offering inducements in the shape of scholarships and bursaries to the rising youth to enter the profession, but rather by rewarding those in the profession in a manner commensurate with the value of their service. (Hear, hear.) Then, it seemed to him, would the profession prove attrac- tive to the clever youth. The demand for efficient teachers and the limited supply had not placed a ficti- tious value on their services. It might, perhaps, be in- structive to point out that since 1876 the number of boy pupil teachers had decreased 57 per cent., proving at once that the teaching profession did not offer such attractions as some would have th-m believe. As for the statement that the results obtained with this in- creased expenditure were no better than formerly the writer of the report would have done well to give his authority for that. The true value of education was not to be assessed in pounds sterling, nor were its fesults to be looked for in the short space of two years but rather in two decades. Ever remembering that the children of to-day were the men and women of the future, let them endeavour to provide opportunity for every child to realize to the full those abilities with which it had been endowed. (Applause.) Mr. WALLINGTON Said it WAS their duty to thank the President for his admirable address. (Hear, hear.) He agreed with all he had said, and one thing particularly he would like to refer to—the new school to be built in the town. He occupied the position of master of what might be looked upon as a barrack school, and speaking from five or six years' experience of it he could say it was impossible for a man to come into that individual reLationship between himself, the teachers, and scholars, which was desired. He also hoped that when completed the committee would encourage the class teachers of Warrington by appointing to the schools head teachers from their ranks instead of going outside. He was sure they had many fully competent to take control. (Hear, hear.) For the vacancy at Fairfield School an outsider had been chosen, and if he (Mr. Wallington) was living outside the town the only conclusion he could come to would be that the Education Committee did not think there was one local person capable of taking the position. He did not suppose that was the reason for the committee's decision, but still it bore that con- struction at the first look. He hoped they would find a master or mistress from Warrington to take charge of the new schools. (Hear. hear.) Mr. EDDEN seconded the vote of thanks, which Was heartily accorded.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
BRITISH WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION. Warrington Young People's Temperance Association.

A meeting was held at the Town Hall on Thursday afternoon, at which it was decided to form a Warring- ton Young People's Society in connection with the War- rington Branch of the British Women's Temperance Association. Already the new society, like the parent association, promises to be a great success, forty-seven members being enrolled on the day of its formation. Another evidence of the interest which Warrington Women are taking in the work of temperance reform, was shown by the unusually large attendance at the meeting on Thursday. Mrs.GAILNETT presided and expressed her pleasure at the largeness of the attendance and especially that the audience was to a great extent composed of young ladies. If all the ladies present would only work en- thusiastically for the cause of temperance she was sure that meeting would result in the doing of a great deal of good. It was necessary we should have a sober people and she was pleased to see that temperance work was a iyancing and that the medical profession were gradually coming round to their way of thinking. (Applause.) Miss KINGSBURY, of London. delivered a spirited ad- dress in which she emphasied the great need which existed for the advocacy of temperance principles. When they thought of the suffering and misery which was the direct outcome of drink they realised that it behoved them as women to do their utmost to bring about a happier and better state of things (Hear; hear.) In the work of temperance reform women were a great power and it was necessary they should realize this and work hard for the cause which they had at heart. She hoped they would all sign the pledge, not because they thought it necessary but because by doing so they placed themselves in a better position to advance the principles which they believed. Miss Kingsbury was heartily thanked for her address on the motion of Miss BESSiE DUTTON. It was unanimously decided to form a young people's temperance society and a number of members were enrolled at the meeting. Refreshments were served during an interval.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Death of Mrs. John Scott.

Many persons will hear with regret of the death of Mrs. John Scott, widow of the late Mr. John Scott, which occurred at her residence " Hill Crest," Lower Walton, early on Sunday morning. Mrs. Scott was a prominent worshipper at Wycliffe Congregational Church, and up to within a few hours of her death was apparently in good health. Shortly after nine o'clock on Saturday evening she was seized with an attack of apoplexy, and despite medical attention she passed away a few hours later. She leaves a son, and a largo circle of friends to mourn her loss. The funeral took place at Hill Cliffe on Wednesday after- noon in the presence of a large gathering of relatives and friends. The Rev. John Yonge conducted the service both at the house and at the graveside, being assisted at the grw,eside by the Rev. J. S. Hughes.

RUNCORN POSTMASTER PROMOTED. Mr. William Rennett, postmaster, at Runcorn, has been promoted to the postmastership of Goole. During his four years at Runcorn Mr. Bennett has introduced several reforms.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
A TWOPENNY REDUCTION IN THE RATES.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Mersey-street Mission.

The services at the above Mission on Sunday last were well attended when the preacher was Mr. M. Llewellyn (Warrington). At the evening service the preacher took for his text the words "Greater love bath no man than this, that a mall lay down his life for his friends " St. John 15 ch. 13 verse. Love was an element of human life known to all yet hard to define Human love was beautiful as displayed by parents. Our Saviour proved His love for mankind in the acts of love and sympathy He performed while on earth such as that displayed in the cases of blind Bartiramas, the man possessed with the legion of devils, the raising of Lazarus and the young man at the gates of Nain, but I the greater love was proved by the sacrifice of Himself on thErCross that by His death all mankind might be redeemed. Was it not therefore only reasonable that the love of the Saviour for mankind should be returned iby mans love for Him. The collection was for the benefit of the Infirmary.

Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. A crowded open meeting of this Society was held on Sunday last. Rev. John Yonge presided and read the lesson. Mr. W. Beecher Smith of the Y.M.C.A., Man- chester, was the speaker, and spoke upon Millet's Master piece "The Angelus" in a most interesting manner. The painter of the picture, was a poor French- man. The picture at first sight seems to be nothing extraordinary. It represented a young man and a young woman working in the field. It was the hour of prayer and they were not able to go to the church but there in the field, they reverently lifted there hearts to God in thanksgivings. Professor Drummond, spoke of the picture as manifesting God in the hour of worship. Mr. Beecher said there were three leading points in the picture : God, work and love. God was always with them controlling their actions and life ! There work was only complete when they were doing God's will. In conclusion he asked his hearers to help those who might be going astray, by extending to them love and sympathy. Crosfleld's Prin. Band was in attendance and rendered three selections, " Stradella " " Memories of Meyerbeer " and the " Hallelujah Chorus," ia a masterly manner. The fine rendering of the solo parts and the grand rendering of the chorus, were beautiful, and a treat that the brethren and their friends will not soon forget. The Collection was £4 Bs. 6d. The Com- mittee decided to give one guinea to the Hospital and one guinea to the Nurses' Institution. Nine new men- berg were heartily weloomed, making 433 now enrolled. for the new year. Parr Hall Services.

There was a large congregation at the above service on Sunday evening last notwithstanding the inclem- ency of the weather. The subject announced was the "Church and the Labouring Classes." Plunging at once into his subject Mr. Dunnico said that by the labouring classes he meant all who by voice or pen or brain contri- buted to the country's wealth, he meant the busy toilers in the great hives of industry, the busy housewives and even the little children. For this class the Church had a mission and a message if she would only fulfil the one and proclaim the other. No one could deny with any degree of truth, and for his own part he admitted it with profound regret, that the majority of the wage-earning classes were outside the Christian Church. Mr. Dunnico contended that such a state of affairs reflected little credit on the Christian Church. The Lord Jesus Christ was a working man. His apostles were of the same class. Their sympathies were with the poor. The common people heard them gladly. The . Gospel won its earliest triumphs among the working classes. Had it lost its power ? Certainly not. But the Church had. Why? I Some people conter!ied that the present age was less religious than previous ones but that was an opinion he did not share. At any rate he did not think that the working men were intrinsically irreligious and out of sympathy with Christ and all that His name stood far. Sometime ago Mr. Robert Blatchford had published a book wherein he violently attacked the Christian re- ligion but very few working men had taken that book I seriously. Whatever influence Mr. Blatchford had was due not to his anti-christian propaganda but to his ability as a teacher of certain political doctrines. That and that alone was an assurance, that the labour- ing classes might be won for Christ if the churches were earnest in their desire to do so. He did not suggest that the blame was all on one side but he thought that churches were chiefly responsible. Reform must come first of all in the Church but when it did come the reformed church would be the Church before which all outside obstacles would vanish like mists before the rising sun. Amongst otherithings which kept people away from church Mr. Minnie() mentioned the following : The ordinary average church-going type of Christian to-day was no credit to the Master he professed to serve. The Cross was a minus quantity in too many of their lives. It was owing to the discrep- ancy between profession ,and practice in the lives of so many that Christianity was derided as a failure in more than one half of the world. Another reason was that the Church was so crude and so narrow and bigoted in its outlook. Thank God this was being gradually widened but sometimes it involved a bitter struggle. The social gospel bad come to stay said Mr. Dunnico and as soon as Christian Churches recognised that Christianity was not so much an insur- ance policy for the next world but a practical progamme for this then would the Church regain her lost power. The religion which ignored injustice or oppression in national or civic life was but a parody upon the religion of Jesus. Mr. Dunnico in conclusion made an earnest appeal to all present not to ignore the religious faculty in all men. Every social question was at hearts religious one. Never before had he believed in the Cross of Christ as the one solution for sin and sorrow as he did then, but they must not forget that men had bodies as well as souls and that to minister to the former was often an effective means of reaching the latter.

The Late Mr. R. W. Murray. Mr. Robert Wallace Murray, 'formerly resident in Warrington, head of the Belfast firm of tobacco and snuff manufacturers, whose estate has been valued at £208,097, left the residuary estate (about £150,000) subject to the life interest of the widow, to religious and charitable institutions. Of the ultimate residue, one-half (probably about £70,000) goes to the London Missionary Society, and the other half to hospitals for consumption: " The Christian World " says: "Mr. Murray was always a missionary enthusiast, and in his later years, when a curious morbid state of mind troubled his friends, his devotion to the London Missionary Society was almost the brightest spot in his life. With all • his wealth he got little pleasure out of his later years, and a mania for effecting trifling economies was a pathetic symptom of his last days."

===== 0002601_19050401_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
ARTISTIC PICTURE POSTCARDS.

One of the most artistic forms of advertising that we hive yet seen is the series of tinted picture post- cards now being issued hy the Enfield Cycle Co. Few will quarrel with advertising done so daintily as this, for in many ways the pictures are a distinct advance on many similar things which are sold in the stationers' shops. A line to the Enfield Company at Redditch will secure a set.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football.

(By " Ovalist."i

The town is agog with Cup-tie excitement this week, the fortunes of war having drawn Wigan to the , Warrington enclosure in the third round of the : Northern Union Cup Competition. Various causes contribute to the extraordinary interest shown in the encounter. The same teams met at Warrington last season and victory rested with the hotnesters after one of the hardest struggles they have had. Wigan I seemed certain to draw the match, when Dickenson scored the only point in the game five minutes from "time." This year, in League matches, each team won on its own ground. Wigan's cup-tie career has been a remarkable one so far. They were thrown out of the first round by Leigh, and then got through by a re-play at Wigan owing to that most distasteful of things,—a protest on a technicality. Protest followed protest, but Wigan successfully engaged Halifax, and though guilty of a n offence equal to Leigh's, they will escape with a monetary penalty. Wigan may therefore be con- sidered a lucky team. Most people consider tly,y have no right in the Competition and Warrington will endeavour to bring about the balance of justice to-day.

There is sire to be a tremendous struggle, and granted a fine day all records for attendance on the ground should be easily broken. Wigan's visit last season realised £3ls—the record—and the figures should go :very near to .-ElOO to-day. Warrington people have little doubt as to the result. The home team should win, and by a more substantial margin than last season. Weakness forward has proved Warrington's undoing in the cup competi- tion previously, but this season the forwards are powerful enough for anything. If they pack and push ! properly to-day the home backs shoidd have plenty of ! opportunities to find the weak places in Wigan's de- fence. A big lot depends on the front rank men, for there is probably not much difference in the two sets of backs, though the Warrington men usually play a ! more combined game. It is a reassuring fact that the , two centres,lsherwood and Dickinson have lately been showing much of their old-time skill and dash, while D. Davies has profited immensely by the rest which the Committee gave him in February.

llockenhall is expected to be wearing the jersey next week, when he will probably take a trial spin with the Warrington "A " team at Salford. There are more unlikely things than seeing "Tommy" in the semi-final !

One change has been made in the Warrington fifteen, Belton coming in for Cook, who is having a rest. Fish resumes on the left wing, and a lot is looked for from "the irrespressible" who has not distinguished himself of late. Kenyon's good per- formances in recent matches have earned him the right wing position in preference to Berry. The full team should be: Hallam, full back ; Fish, Isher- wood, Dickinson and Kenyon, three-quarters; Davies and Brooks, half backs; Boardman, Preston, Thomas, Shugars, Belton, Swift, Jolley, and Naylor, forwards.

Wigan have only made one change from the side which defeated Halifax, Brown displacing Topping in the forwards. The selected fifteen is: Mason, full back; Leytham, Carey, Harris, and Treharne, three- quarter backs ; Thomas and Trezise, half backs; Barton, Whittaker, Osborne, Brown, Collier, Watkins, Tyrer, and Vickers, forwards.

The referee will be Mr. W. Wenteheon, who has not been seen at Warrington this season.

The league match with Hunslet last Saturday pro- duced an exciting game, the visitors doing their best to atone for the one point defeat at Hunslet, but succnnabing by an exactly similar margin. Warring- ton were all over them in the first ten minutes and were unfortunate in having only one try awarded after crossing the line throb times. Davies scored by a clever individual eff.irt and Preston goalecl. Hunslet played a strong forward game and soon equalised, A. Gold- thorpe improving on a try scored right in the corner by a wonderfully clever kick. Thus at half-time the teams were equal. The second moiety was a ding-dong struggle and a draw seemed ensured until eight minutes from the close. Then Warrington made a groat effort, and brilliant work by Davies, Isherwood, and Kenyon ended in a try to the latter. The wing man went down the left wing in a fashion that only Fish could have equalled and he was heartily cheered for the effort. Hunslet were not a spent force. however, and W. Goldthorpe raised the score to within a point of Warrington's total by a grand dropped goal from near half way. A better shot has not been seen on the Warrington ground for many a long day. Hallam played a great game once more, and saved the forwards, who had the worst of tho argument, a lot of work.

On Tuesday Warrington played at Batley in a post- poned league game. The team was not at full strength, and with Batley in deadly earnest, the result was not unexpected. Batley won by 7 points to nil, Hallam having a kick charged down in the first minute, which produced five points for the home team. Warrington did their share of attacking, hut the shocking weather and the muddy ground resulted in several chances going astray. It was a poor game, and Batley deserved their win.

The result has had an important bearing on the league table, for the two points may save Batley from descent to the second division. Runcorn are certain to go down, while St. Helens, Swinton, aid Wakefield are all in danger of accompanying them. Warrington have lost a place. Leeds going up by virtue of a win at Runcorn on Wednesday. • The League table up-to-date is as follows : —For— —Against— P. W. L. D. G. T. Pts. G. T. Pts Pts. Oldham 30...23... 6... 1...41 56-250...23 23-115...47 Bradford 29...20... 7... 2...36 64-264...22 32-140...42 Brou't'n R 29...20... 7... 2...32 61-247-35 11-133...421 Leeds Waregt'n 29...16...11... 2...31 37-173...26 27-133-34 Hunslet Salford Wigan 27...15...11... 1...26 40-172...28 28-140...31 Widnes Leigh Hull K.R 29...13...16... 0...33 34-168...33 41-189-26 Hull 2B .11...13... 4...29 36-172_30 35-165_23 Halifax 29...11...16... 2...24 31-141...23 30-136...24 Wakefield 29...10...17... 2-36 19-129-29 41-181...22 Swinton 30...10...19... 1...20 31-133...36 39-189...21 ElAtley 30... 9...18... 3...32 24-136...43 43-215...21 St. Helens 28... 8...19... 1...31 2S-146-43 60-291...17 Runcorn

Leigh went to St. Helens on Thursday and won by the narrow margin of a goal to nil. They have yet to go to Wigan.

The South-West Lancashire League up-to-date is as follows : For. Against. P. W. 'L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. Pts. Wigan 8 6.. 9 0...10 17— 71... 8 7 37... 12 Leigh W'gton Widnes St. Helens 9... 2... 6... 1... 5 9 37... 9 12— 54... 5 Runcorn 7... 1... G... 0... 7 5 29... 9 13— 58... 2

Satisfactory progress is being made in the Works Competition which is being followed with consider- able interest. At each match so far, there has been a good attendance, the "gate "last night being paTticu larly large. The results up-to-date are t—LongFord Gas Works 2 points, White Lead nil; Cheshire Lines Committe 3 points, "Guardian" nil; Fletcher; Russell's 5 points, Crosfield's nil ; Castle Rubber 10 points, Pearson and Knowles' Dall am 3 points Bifurcated Rivet Co. 5 points, Whitecross 3 points.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

It is still rather early to expect great doings in the cycling world, for despite the bright sunshine of the past few days there has been more than a suspicion of March chill in the atmosphere which has deterred many wheelers from venturing into the country. Those dauntless enthusiasts, the Warrington Cycling Club, opened their season on Saturday, and although the unpleasant change in the weather had a discomfiting effect upon some, the event was, on the whole, i a success. The conditions n the early part of the afternoon were agreeable for riding, and over twenty members made the journey to quaint old Warburton, in addition to a contingent which travelled per motor cars. A capital tea was pro- vided at the Saracer's Head by Mrs. Barff and after- wards an impromptu concert was held, two or three hours being whiled away in 'jovial style. A downpour of rain

signalized the commencement of the return journey and although ninny members braved the elements, others believing that" discretion is the better part of valour" left their machines at Warburton and reached Warring- ton by rail.

The Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Cycling Club will hold their opening run of the season on April Bth when Knutsford will be visited. A splendid list of fixtures has been arranged and there should be some very pleasant times in store for the members. The officials for the season are :—President,Mr. James Dodds; vice- presidents, Messrs. S. Blythe, C. Bromley, and J. Wads- worth; captain, Mr.T. Barlow; sub-captains,Mr.Joseptt Harding and Mr. E. Graham ; hon. treasurer, Mr. B. Pardo° ; hon. secratary, Mr. E. Graham ; committee, Messrs. A. Blythe, James Harding, W. Webb, A. Highley and P. Jackson.

Mr. E. Pickavance, tho hon. secretary of the Warring- ton Cycling Club, attended the annual meeting of the N.C.W. held in London on Saturday. The British Empire Championships were fixed for July Ist., at Glasgow, and it Was decided to bring a Lights on Vehicles Bill before the notice of Parliament. The question of the Leicester cyclist, Read, was brought up and it was resolved not to proceed further with this The most important item on the agenda was the new financial scheme. After a long discussion, the Council being almost unanimously in favour of the scheme, a resolution to reconstruct the finapcial side of the Union was adopted. The treasurer's statement showed a profit of £179 6s. 4d. The most important change in the rules proposed was one compelling first year men to take out licences. A resolution to this effect was moved by Mr. Pickavance and seconded by Mr. Phillips, of Southport but it was lost, the number of votes in favour being just one short of the requisite two-thirds majority.

Commenting upon the Warrington C.C.'s programme for the season, a writer in "Cycling " says :—" A feature of this club is the bowling handicaps and inter- club bowling matches played throughout the season. Our North Country friends are particularly addicted to this form of recreation." Every year trundling becomes more popular with the Warrington cyclists who are convinced that there are fE w more agreeable ways of tiling up the interval between the arrival at some country resort and the return to town. Now that the green at Sankey is set apart for their exclusive use on certain evenings, the probabilities are that they will become still more "addicted "to the healthful sport.

===== 0002601_19050401_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
LIGHTING UP TIME.

To-night Sunday Monday 7.49 Tuesday 7.50 Wednesday Thursday Friday

===== 0002601_19050401_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

Last year twenty-six firms were represented in the Warrington Works Bowling Association, and competi- tion for premier honours was keen, the doings of the te tuts exciting considerable interest. Already there is promise of the coming season being equally successful. Fourteen clubs have signified their intention of joining the association, and there is little doubt that number will be greatly augmented before play commences. The works which have expressed the desire of a continued membership are:—London and North Western (last year's champions), Pearson and Knowles, Orford Tannery, Ryland's, Ilarchin'e Tannery, Cheshire Lines, Whitecross, Naylor's, Crosfield's, Longford Wire Works, Richmond's, and Melbourne's, all being repre- sented by delegates at the annual meeting of the Association which was held at the King and Queen Hotel on Monday evening. In addition,the Corporation employs were represented it being their intention to run a team.

Tke first business was the presentation of the auditors report and Messrs. F. Dooley and J. Simms had to face an unpleasant task in recording financial di'liculties owing to irregularities in the accounts which left the Association with a debit balance of something like £6 (in outstanding accounts) which had to be liquidated. In regard to financial matters, they said, the committee had been very lax, though otherwise they had been very hard working men. Considerable discussion, marked with great restraint, ensued upon the report which was adopted. Mr. J. Willett, who presided, announced that he had taken steps to counter-balance the deficit by means of a public subscription, to which the su nof £2 had already been promised. Whatever the result of the subscription, and whether he was out of pocket or not, he said, the outstanding accounts would be paid by him the next day. Mr. Willett's generous announcement was received with applause and it now rests wish the players and other gentlemen interested to see that he does not suffer as the re.ult of his action

'Mr. W.H. Smalley last year took over the office of hon. secretary to the association at a late period and so well did he discharge the duties that on Monday he was unanimously re-elected to the post. A contest occurred for the position of hon. treasurer, but as the result of a vote Mr. George Holbrook was elected by a large m ajority. The secretary and chairman of the committee were appointed trustees. With regard to the office of president, there was no question as to the re-appoint- ment of Captain George Crosfleld. In past years Captain Crosfleld has evinced a great interest in the encourage- ment of healthy out-door sport, and as he has done all that lay in his power to advance the interests of the Works Association, he well deserves the honour which has again been conferred upon him.

Mr. Samuel Taylor last year acted as Ctpt%in Cros- field's deputy and he was re-elected to the °Moe of senior vice-president. Messrs. A. FL Crosfield, C. S. Smith, Finlayson, J. Craik, Fun., G. L. Brimelow, T. Atherton, \V. Rogers, Bunch, E. Draper, J. Forster, T. Baldwin, J. Allison, Bindloss, J. Newton, ,T.Rushworth, Alderman Evans, and Councillor Roberts and liaise were appointed vice-oresidents, whilst Messrs. J. Willett, T. Davies, G. Ball, J. Monks, J. Makin, Daintith, F. Dean, Peters, Siraister, Howarth and McGowan were elected to jform the committee. The auditors were re-elected.

A discussion ensued upon the rules of the Association. Last year the formation of the Warrington and District Bowling League gave rise to a difficulty. Many pro- ficient players are members both of a works team and of a league team and occasions frequently arose upon which they had to decide whether to play for a league or a works team. To avoid this clashing the committee of both associations re-arranged the dates and times of matches. and so well did they succeed that little or no inconvenience was felt. On Monday evening a delegate advocated the re-construction of the rules so as to prevent the re-arranging of fixtures but his pro- posal did not meet with approval. Between the two associations there is bound to be a certain amount of rivalry, and the taking of any step which would tend to cause a strained feeling is to be deprecated. To force a player to decide to which association he would devote his whole attention would bring about such feel- ing, and wonlvl seriously affect both bodies.

If anything the Committee of the Works Association should be given a greater freedom. Arist year, late on a Friday night,there was a serious break down at the Long- ford Wire Works, which resulted in the members of the works team having to work on Saturday, being there- by prevented from deciding their fixture with the Whitecross team, who claimed a walk over. Under the present rules the committee had no option but to con- cede the claim, whereas they ought to have the power of dealing more fairly with teams placed in the unfor- tunate position of the Longford team.

Mr. A. TI. Crosfleld is not one whit behind his brother in the matter of advocating out-door exercise and it was only fitting that he should be re-elected president of the Liberal Club Bowling Club. Mr. Crosfield has served the club inn similar capacity for some time and the members at their annual meeting were unhesitating in again selecting him for the office. Councillors Tinnion and Wilkinson and Captain Crosfleld were appointed vice-wesidents. The club is fortunate in possessing energetic officials and none strive more for the progress of the club than Mr. E. A. Sanders who retains the secretaryship. Mr. J. E. Warren will this year, as last year, superintend the doings of the players. Mr. H. Daintith, at his own request, was relieved of the duties of sub-captain, and Messrs. W. Hewitt and J. Middleton were placed in competition for that office, the choice falling upon the first named gentleman, Messrs. J. Middleton, H. Daintith, F. Dean, T. O'Brien. J. Houghton, J. Gibson, F. Rathbone, J. Davies, A. H. Sanders, G. H. Shaw, and W. Patrick were elected to constitute the committee.

It was decided not to re-join the Warrington and District Bowling League as it was felt that it was un- fair that a team playing in a league match should mono- polise the green and exclude other bowlers and club members on Saturday afternoons. The programme for the season, which opens on April 15th, is nevertheless ave-y attractive one, matches having been arranged with Winnington Park. Port Sunlight and the Conserva- tive and Saracen's Head Clubs.

Hockey. BY R.G.P.

Last week Stockton Heath received a visit from Alderley Ede, and after a level game in which the home side did the more pressing, and showed better work when nearing goal, the match was drawn, the score standing at four all.

The visitors were a lucky team to go home undefeated as for every shot sent in by them, the home forwards sent in three, and seldom have I seen the home quin- tette more deadly when near goal; but luck was against them, and the ball either glanced off somebody's stick or foot when a goal seemed certain. One case worthy of note was, once when W. Richardson shot with all his might from a distance of about six feet from the goal line, only to send the ball yards over the bar. The visitors third goal was a gift, as the home goakeeper thinking the ball was going wide, allowed a slow shot to hit the upright and enter the net. Stockton Heath

===== 0002601_19050401_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Marriages.

The Influenza Epidemic is again spreading over the' country. The visitation of a very prostrating nature, and the disease is certainly on the increase. The origin of the disease or rather the circumstances which bring it about is as much a mystery as ever. You cannot trifle with Influenza. It undermines the Nervous System to a greater extent than almost any other disease and it is Pneumonia that kills, and Pneumonia strikes the man who imagines he has only a mild form, of Influenza, and can go about the street just as usual. It can hardly be doubted that the prevalence of Chest and Lung Complaints must be ascribed to the baneful 4 1 influence of Influenza, whose after-effects so frequently take this form. It was a bad day for this Country when this malignant scourge first visited our shores. Year after year it has never since failed to revive at its due time, and to extort its tribute of human life. Having observed its ravages, and its dreadful effects upon the constitution on the occasion of its former visits, we cannot but regard its recurrence with much fear, as a great many have not yet, if they ever will, regain their former health. As a Preventative, we know of nothing equal to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. A few strong doses taken in time have often proved effectual in warding off attacks of this Malady, and always succeed in mitigating their severity when a patient is under their influence. Do you suffer from Chills, alternating with Sudden Flushes. Severe Head- ache, accompanied by difficulty in breathing, and symptoms of Catarrh, Pains in the Chest, under and between the Shoulders, and a stiffness and soreness of the Muscles, Loss of Appetite and Nervousness. If you suffer from any of these symptoms, know that they are the forerunners of Influenza, and it behoves you to resort at once to a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. By common consent Patients every where admit that they feel more depressed and miserable after an attack of Influenza than while under its influence, and more than they feel after an attack of any other illness. The best way to banish these miserable feelings is to take Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. We can strongly and confidently recommend this Preparation, as it has treated severe cases of Influenza, Heavy Colds, Extreme Weakness, and Langour, with greater success than any other known remedy. We may also add that as a remedy for Indigestion,Sleeplessness, Low Spirits, Nervousness, and Loss of Appetite, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters stands unequalled. It is sold in bottles 2s. 9d, and 4s. 9d., by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or sent direct, carriage free, for the above prices, by 1 the Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters MAnufacturing ' Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. Avoid Imitations. See the name "Gwilym Evans "on Label Stamp and Bottle.

were very unlucky not to reverse the score at Alder but must console themselves by knowing "It is all in the game."

This week Stockton Heatii r • • .:vo a visit from West Derby, whom they defeated earlier in the season by 4-0, but as the visitors are now playing a better game than they did then, a good hard game should result.

The following will represent Stockton Heath first and second. First at home, R. G. Pierpoint, goal; P. B. Hawtiu and E. Pierpoint, backs ; J. Richardson, Eric Fairclough and G. Hatton, halyes ; L. Fairclough, W. Richardson, R. Pierpoint, S. Baxter, and C. H. Bond, forwards, referee, N. W. Bellamy ; bully-off, 2-45.

Second, at West Derby, F. G. Kertland, goal; J Houghton and Egerton Fairclough, backs; D. Skelton, L. Robertson and J. Cliff, halves; A. Ferguson, A. Jones, T. Crompton, H. Dolan and W. Simnel, forwards. Train leaves Central 1.50.

England, although minus such an artist as Shoveller,. defeated Ireland by I-1, and should now go through the season undefeated. Northern easily defeated Formby, the score being 6-2.

Below I give the record of most of the principal clubs in this district, and have fixed their order of merit according to the percentage of possible points, which although of course not a practical result, is the only way left for comparing the clubs side by side : FIRST TEAMS.

Goals. P. W. L. D. F. A. P Bebington Northern Formby 2l 14.. 3. 4... 60... 26 75 Bowden 22 14.. 3. 5.. 73. 26. 76' Sale Stockton Heath l9 11.. 5 3... 62... 26... 65 Timperley. Alderley Edge Now Brighton W 22... 12... 8... 2... 57... 40... 59' Oxton Kersal South Manchester 22 .. ' 8... 11... 3... 42... 54... 43 Western Whalley Moss Si de

The members of the Sankey Wire Mills Cricket Club are looking forward to one of the most successful seasons on record,as the list of fixtures is an exceptio , ally attractive one. Then, too, the club is fortunate in possessing a band of capable and energetic officials. This season the first eleven will be captained by Mr. Fran Taylor, while Mr. Richard Hewitt will have charge o the second eleven. The hon. secretaries are Messrs. fg W. Cook and W. Backhouse, and the dutieF of treasure will be discharged by, Mr. James Evans, jun. The' following is the list of fixtures, but it will be notl,' ' that each team has two blank dates : ',. iST ELEVEN. May. 6 Knotty Ash home , „ 13 Hough Greenaway 19 20 Glazebury „ 27 Winstanlev Park home , June. 3 Hindley dreen home „ 10 Winsford „ 17 Knotty Ash away , 24 Moore and Daresbury away Jay. 1 Winsford - 99 8 away , „ 15 Hough Green „ 22 Glazebury „ 29 Winstanley Park away • Aug. 5 Hindley Green „ 12 Mooreand Daresbury home „ 19 Haydock Lodge „ 23 Sep. 2 High Legh „ 9 Latchford Baptists 2ND. ELEVEN. May. 6 Grappenhall St. Wilfrids- ~ 13 Guardian „ 20 Glazebury away ... It 27 St. Paul's away June. 3 Stretton and Appleton „ 10 Ince Parish Church home „ 17 Crouton „ 24 home July. 1 Guardian away ~ 8 Crouton „ 15 away „ 22 Glazbury , 29 St. Paul's Aug. 5 Stretton and Appleton „ 12 Ince Parish Church away „ 19 Grappenhall St. Wilfrids

With the advent of spring the interest of Warn, golfers has been re-awakened and every day se- numbers of enthusiasts practising hard. The links a Appleton are in excellent condition the tees havin been re-laid and two new putting greens have be laid. Competition for the captain's prize will cora mence at the end of this month, when Mr, Hen Greenall's prize for players whose handicap is 20 all over will also be played for. Mr. Henry Roberts provided a prize for ladies who, it is to be hoped, will manifest a greater interest than in the past.

The Corporation has for some time past been steps to alleviate the distress caused by the lack. employment. In accordance with a special resolutic passed by the Conncil some months ago the various partments have sought so far as is possible to find tvora. for certain of the unemployed, but in spite of all tht has been done in this direction there still reins'," many who suffer from lack of work. To deal with thel a labour bureau will he opened at the Gymnasium 15e5 week between the hours of 7p.m. and 8.30 p.m. on golre day, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, when men out f° employment can register their names, employers, labour being at liberty to inspect the books at same time.

STO UT—NEWTON—March 25th, at the Parish Cht, Warrington, by the Rev, T. A. J. Ridpath, Alba' Stout to Annie Newtoq.

Warrington.—Printed and published by JOTEN WAL' & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Bewsey-street, and published by them at he place, and also at The Examiner Offices,Victoria-ro WIDN'Es: 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS 3, Marl, street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street, RuNCOPS, Ist. 1901,

,) rer Die ice 3 ie ay me 3010 urns may away away home away • home away away away home ••• away away home ts- away home away away fl home away home away home away home home ipleton arch away Wilfrids g the interest of Warrington kened and every day see actising hard. The links au t condition the tees having putting greens have bee° the captain's prize will cool' this month, when Mr. Flenr9,,, layers whose handicap is 20 ay' id for. Mr. Henry Roberts ha,4 adieS who, it is to be hoped, will. mrest than in the past. CORPORATION AND THE UNEMPLOYED. ir Bureau to be Opened. ation has for some time past been takil ate the distress caused by the lack ° In accordance with a special resolution e Conncil some months ago the various de; ,ave sought so far as is possible to find NW,. of the unemployed, but in spite of all tbt'. done in this direction there still remal,.' suffer from lack of work. To deal with theo; bureau will be opened at the Gymnasium ne% ,ween the hours of 7p.m. and 8.30 p.m, on dnesday, Thursday, and Friday, when men out o`2f ment can register their names, employers• .10, being at liberty to inspect the books at 1, ,ime. OUT—NEWTON—March 25th, at the Parish Chnrerba Warrington, by the Rev, T. A. J. Ridpath, Al Stout to Annie Newtou. 014 sole owl „a.r Nfarkeit; AP' ,4111.,

===== 0002601_19050401_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA INCREASING

WARRINGTON CORPORATION AND THE UNEMPLOYED.

Labour Bureau to be Opened.

Cricket.

Golf.

I

===== 0002601_19050401_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
, IMPORTANT NOTICE. - COMMENCING WITH THE NEXT ISSUE THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER WILL BE oos. PUBLISHED ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON INSTEAD OF SATURDAYMORNING AS AT PRESENT. ' - THE EXAMINER WILL BE ON SALE AT 4 P.M. AT ALL NEWSAGENTi, AND Al THE OFFICE AND WORKS, BEWSEY-STREETe - s NEW FEATURES. v.,fig A RRANGEMENTS HAVE BEEN MADE FOR AA. THE INTRODUCTION OF THE FOLLOWING NEW FEATURES: LOCAL NOTES AND NOTIONS. CYCLING COLUMN, CHILDREN'S CORNER, AND A SPLENDID NEW SERIAL READ " THE EXAMINER," THE BEST LOCAL PAPER. 1- . ONE PENNY EVERY FRIDAY AFTERNOON.

BE W BEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL 21(D. At 10.30 Mr. R. H. SUTTON. At 6.3 e. A STUDIINT. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided . BOLD STREET W ESLE TAN CEILIRUH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) APRIL 21w, At 10.30 A STUDBINT. At 630. Mr. WALTHR BROUGH. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

pARR HALL SERVICES. —TO-MORROW 4-a- (SUNDAY), APRII. 2ND. 6.30. REV. HBRBERT DUNNICO. thrsxecr " John Wesley and Methodism." Come early. Reedy welcome. Morning 10-45 Baptist Church, (Golborne street.

W YCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (Sniony) APRIL 2ND, 1905. PREACHER, RRY. 7. YONGH. SIIRVIORS : 10.30 AND 6.30. .—The Ordinance of the Lord's Supper 7111 be observed er the Evening Service. _ USUAL OFFBRTORIHS.I

DOOR, cHILDRON'S CAHP.—SEASOI 1905 ~, The COMMITTREI INVIT ti SUBSCRIPTIONS AND :'OI9ATIONS, being anxious to ascertain what work the 'undo will warrant. An ASSEMBLY ROOM AND OPF/aßgg. MESS ROOM are urgently needed. Nearly 410 children benefited last season. Remittances to Mr. ARTHUR H. LEE, Tapestry Work,. Brick-street, War- dligtcea, Hon. Treasurer, or W H. J. JRNICINS, Hon. Secretary. Warrington, 30th March, 1905.

WARRINGTON ORURO 1 SOCIET Y.—SPEW AL ADDRESS TO MEN ONLY OTT FRIDAY NEXT, APRIL 7TH, AT B P.M., TN THE' PARISH uHUROK. ay The REV. CANON CLEWORTH, Rector of Midileton, Manchester, on " The atonement of the Christ : 'Who loved me and gave Himself for me.'" ALL SEATS FRB'S. SERVICE ONE HOUR ONLY. WORKINGF MEN SPECIALLY INVITED.

WARR IN GTO N AND DISTRICT FREE CHUIRCH COUNCIL. OPBNINW BBRVIOE OF WINWICK FREI& CHURCH HALL WILL TAKE PLACE ON THURSDAY AF1:11RNOON, APRIL 6Tw. AT 3,30. PREACHER : RSV. PROF. I. HOPS MOULTON MA., D.Lit., oF DIDSBURY COLLEGE. TRA AT 5.30. PUBLIC MEETING AT 7.3 J. CHA/RHAS : GBOII4II T. OATLBY &Q., 01 BRISTOL. bADDRBSSES by the President of the Council and other ••efwesentatives of the Churches. Music will be contributed isnder the leadership of ;N. 11. PAY CONReq.. 511f5. BC. COLLBOTION AT BACH SBRVICB

PARR BALL, MONDAY, APRIL 10TH, A PUBLIC MEETING WILL BE HELD. WHEN H. QUBLCH BSQ. TRH GREAT SOCIAL LEADER. WILL SPEAK ON " THE MUDDLE OF MILITARY REFORM AND THA WAY OUT." CHAIR To BE TAKEN AT 8 P.M. BY H. ROBERTS BeQ.. J.P. ADMISSION FREE. Tickets for Reserved Seats. Is., may be bad at the door, or Lau' the Hon. Sees., N.S.L., Volu”teer 14eadq4artere, r,arrinoon. 1000/tS OPEN AT 7.30. CARRIAGES AT 9.30.

if ACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASSIPATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SOLEETIFIG METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the month by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given. klacdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability', fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40S. AIACDONALDS, er. HELENS, 66, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS. 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.' EC 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE' DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M. -

NOTICE. TRINSF FERENC E OF BUSINESS.' 7. Winmarleigh-street, Warrington. DEAR SIR OR MADAM, I beg to inform you that I have made arrangements with Mr. R. H. Pearson of Bold-street to talin over the tunings of my late husband—Mr. Percy Randall and should be glad if you could extend to Mr. Pearson the same support as you extended to my husband. Yours faithfully, A. RANDALL. 10, Bold-street, Warrington. DEAR SIR OR MADAM, I beg to inform you that I have made arrangements with the widow of the late Mr. Percy Randall to take over his tunings and should be glad if you could extend to me the patronage enjoyed by the late Mr. Randall in in the past. Yours faithfully, R. H. PEARSON. NOTE THE ADDRESS s R. H. PEARSON LTD., PIANOFORTE AND MUSIC WAREHOUSE, 10, BOLD ST., WARRINGTON.

To FARMEES & MARKET GARDENERS IF YOU ARE REQUIRING GOOD CROPS I WOULD ADVISE YOU TO Gall MY CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE A TRIAL. AS YOU ARE AWARE I HAVE SPECIALLY BUILT and equipped a new WORKS with the very latest machinery for the manufacture of a good Manure. This plant is the first erected in this country for a horse slaughterer. In the following Analysis of a sample recently taken of my CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE you will notice at once the richness of this Manure in NITROG EN, AMMONIA and PHOSPHATES, this must strike you as to Its being far away superior to tbe ordinary Blood and Bone Compound Manure made by other processes. I would point out that 1 ton of our Manure is equal in Ammonia and rhosphate properties to from 2to 3 tons of the ordinary Blood and Bone Manure. The Manure is free from objectionable smell and very dry, rendering sowing easy. I have every confidence in recommending this Manure, as one suitable for all Crops, and am sure it will only require a trial to establish itself. (AI have a small stook on hand, and would be glad to have a trial order from you for this Season. Samples and fur ther particulars will be gladly sent to you on application. Yours faithfully, JAMES TOOLE. CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE. ANALYSI 3 NITROGEN .......... 4.53 per cent. AMMONIA • 550 per cent. PHOSPHATE 2905 per cent' PRICE: PER TON. WITH DISCOUNT FOR DASH. JAMES TOOLIC, HORSE SLAUGHTERER, WARRINGTON.

NAME-PLATSS IN GILDED ObAt-S OR ENGRAVED BRASS Enamelled Letters and Tablets Letters in Glass, Metal or, Wood. Motor Numbers. BAXENDALE'S, MILLER STREET. MANCHESTER.

HAIR COMBING made up 2/- per OF, COVERLBTTB I TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMBS, PURR FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LIMOS ST (OAR STATION). LIVBRPOOL. ,

E-------- -- XPERIENCEI) Male and tremale NLJEL6c.B at a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES INSTITU- TION, Hope House, Hope et., Liverpool. Telephone 2570, Royal. Telegraphic address, "Nurses. ' -

VI R. JANImS 6st"rlig, A. Mug. and 1./.11.C.M.„ LT l Professor of Music, gives POST LESSORS in Theory, Harmony. Counter-point, Orchestfatton, Analysis. and Form; also Violin. Plano, and Singing Lessons. Metropolitan and Local Examinations prepßred for.- Terms on application to 25. ROCKY LANE, 11,.YiSHAIE PARK, LIVERPOOL. Soot, port visited. ELECTRIC MOTORS IN STOCK-PRICRg GREATLY REDUCED. 1 H.P.. 1,400 revs. 5 H.P., 1,200 revs. 2 „ 1,300 „ 7 „ 1,100 „ 3 „ 1,250 „ 10 „ 1,000 „ THE INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING CO., HYDE, MANCHESTER.

F. A: BROWN, SURGEON DENTIST, 8, WINMARLEIGH STREET. WARRINGTON. From home on Friday afternoons.

MR T. BOOTRROD, PROFESSOR OF THE VIOLIN, CONDUCTOR &o.; ACCEPTS ENGAGEMENTS WITH HIS ORCHESTRAS (STRING OR HULL). CONCERTS, BAZAARS, DRAMATIC SOCIETIES AT HOMES. Sco. TERMS for Engagements, lessons Am.—Apply THE "STUDIO" 9, SUEZ STRERT, WARRINGTON, OR 18, CAWDOR STREET, STOCKTON HEATH.

PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS.

ROBERT L9WE, ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms: No.l, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONIC, No. 66. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEVON/TED FOR SALE. New nd Second-band Furniture and other Goods oonstantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited PIIIIIIITUO. do.. warehoused.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AID BITTER ALES ALLSOPP 'l3 MILD AND BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWIOH ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH CLASS MINERAL WATERS in Screw-stoppered Bottles. Telephone No. I'M STORES. OWEN STREET.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMITHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAYEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lordvareet, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Actor Parliamen Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clocks. Pictures, ao., &a., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BARGAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY, LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, eco.. !cc, We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES BY YOST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings ot all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done, Lowest Prices In Liverpool for Gold Chains. Carefully Oolectea Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, lsc. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAINE'F RICHMOND .I'REET LIVERPOOL.

WHY GO BALD? ALANA, THE GREAT HAIR-PRODUCER, WILL ItAKE HAIR GROW ON HEADS THAT HAVE BEEN BALD 1013 YEARS. Produces Luxuriant Hair, and prevents it falling off Unequalled for promoting the growth of the moustache and bearo. The surest remedy for baldness, keeping the hair beautifully soft, and removing scurf and dandruff. Send postal order for is. 6d., and a large box of ALANA will be sent you, post free. To be obtained only from— THE ALANA CO., 26 KNuX ST., LONDON, W.

MES. THOS. CLARKE WILL CARRY ON THE BUSINESS OF STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THE "EXAMINEE" OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWS, As before, and sincerely hope to receive the same patronage as bestowed on her late lisband for upwards of 40 years.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES, ANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. STRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRBR (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). 57, lIIINSHAW-STRINIT (Corner of Benson-street), LIVNIIPOOL.

'TOIL:ETTA. POWDER PREVENTS CHAFE I AND ALL SKIN IRRITATION in CHILDREN or ADULTS • never fails, so why allow Baby to suffer, when is. lin, post ;me will Cure TOILETTA CO., 5, IMPERIAL CHAMBERS, DALE-ST., LIVERPOOL. Ef.oo IN PRESENTS. SAMPLE PACKETS, 3ici, post free. SEND STAMP for FREE SAMPLE.

THE LICENSING ACT. 1904. NOTICE OF IMPOSITION OF CHARGES UNDER SECTION THREE CI, THE ACT COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESfER. NOTICE IS HEREBY GlVEN,that the Compensation Authority for the above area have impnsed, under Section 3 of the Licensing Act, 1904 ,for the current year CHARGES in rerremt of (Licenses at ,the maximum rate of charge prescribed in the first schedule to the said Act; and cbarges on the premise 4 effected will be levied and paid accordingly as part of the duties on the corm- pending Escibe Licenses. REGINALD POT fS, Clerk of the Compensation Authority. Dated 27th March, 1905.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual cure without internal HOOPING COUGH medicine. HOOFING COUGH - CR all Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 4s. per Lottte. Sole Wholessie Agents BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, cROUP London. IP OCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

A BROKEN-DOWN SYSTEM. Ihis is a condition (or disease) to which doctors give many names, but which few of them really understand. It is simply weakness—a break-down, as it were, of the vital forces that sustain the system. So matter what may be its causes (for they are almost numberless). its symptoms are mach the same; the more prominent being sleeplessness. sense of ptoetrat'on or weariness, depression of spirits and went of energy for all the ordinary'affairs of life. Now,what alone is absolutely essential in all such cases is INCRELSED VITALITY—vigour—VITAL STRENGTH AND ENERGY to throw off these morbid feelings, and experience proves that as night succeeds the day this may be more certainly secured by a course of the celebrated life-reviving tonic. THERAPION NO. 3, than by any other known combination. oo sorely as It Is taken in accordance with the printed oirections accom- panying it, will the shattered health be restored, the EX- PINING L 4 MP OF LIFS LIGHT'S° UP Atriuts 4. and is new existence imparted in place of what had so lately seemed worn-out, "used up," and valueless. This Wonderful restorative is purely vegetable and innocuoucis agreaable to the taste—suitable for ell constitutions and conditions, so either sex ; and it is difficult to imagine a Case of di.ease in derangement, whose main features are those of debility, that will not be speedily and permanently benellted by this never-failing recuperative essence, whicn is destined to cast into oblivion eve -ything that has preceede.l it for this wide- spread and numerous class of human ailments. T tiERAPION may be procured in England at Is. 9d. and 4s. 61 post free for P. 0.. from Mr. R. JoHNSON, 43, HOLFORD LONDON. W.O. PurChaSers should tee that the word " THERAPION "appears on British Government Stamp) in white letters on a red ground) affiaed to every package by order of His Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, and without Which it is a forgery.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FEARS THOUsAND9 ON LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILUI, HAVE BERN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A BOON TO WOMANKIND They are the best known Rernedy for Anwmta Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after :deals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes Sid., Is. lid., 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d. and Its. May be had from all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the proprietor. Only Address ; 509, PORTOBRLLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL. LONDON .

BEEF! BEEF!! BEEF!!! GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE. HIGHEST PRICE ANY JOINT SD. PER POUND. FED ON IHE FINEST PASTURE s IN THE WORLD. PLEASE NOTE ADDRESS: W. & R. FLETCHER, LTD., 28, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

TO THOSE INTERESTED IN TilE FOOD QUESTION. FRANK STRINGER & CO. DESIRE TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY HAVE OPENED THE PREMISES 104, WILDERSPOOL ROAD, WARRINGTON FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF PURE WHOLESOME BREAD & CONFECTIONERY. NOTHING BUT THE CHOICEST MATERIALS USED. DECORATED CAKES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

J. & W. DUTTON OUR BUYERS HAVING 7178 T RETURNED FROM "THE CENTRES OF FASHION," WE ARE NOW MAKING OUR FIRST DISPLAY FOR THE SPRING OF ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES IN MILLINERY, MANTLES, COSTUMES, DRESS MATERIALS, &c.. 16,_18 & 201 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE NEW GROCERY STORES. . BEST BUTTER, DELICIOUS FLAVOUR is. PER LB. FINEST ROLL BACON, SLICED AT sid. PER LB. J. G. FLETCHER, so, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

E. COATES, FURNISHING & HOUSEHOLD DRAPER. LARGE AND CHOICE SELECTION OF WICKER, BABY AND FANCY CHAIRS AT VERY MODERATE PRICES, 721 BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

SMITH & WALKER, ._ATE HOLMES AND BOOTH), MARKET-GATE, WARRINGTON, TAILORS AND BREECHES MAKERS, ARE NOW SHOWING NEW AND EXCLUSIVE CLOTHS FOR THE SPRING SEASON. LIVERIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. TNLNPHONE 382 Y,

FOR THE PEOPLE. PRICES TO SLIT ALL. " PREMIER " CYCLES. £7 7s. OD., ..--- £9 93. OD., £l2 128. OD. SEE THE ,PREMIER CHANGE SPEED GEAR. EOLE AGBNT : J. S. GARLAND, 54 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

FREE" FREE ! ! FREE!!! YOU CAN TEST YOUR SIGHT AT HOBE AT OUR EXPENSE. HOME SI GEIT-T oST ER. OUR PEBBLE SPECTACLES ARH mitaysnocrs FOR THE BYES WHITE OPTICAL CO.. OPTICIANS, 5, SIMIOUR ST.. k OFF LONDON Rn.), LIVERPOOL

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100,000 PAIRS IN STOCK. LADIr AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST BrEIL OFFBEBD TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D,, 10D., AND Is. BD., EACH. WHOL ESI.LED Br T. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. Esr.trusurn 1833.

SMOKH SUDLOW'S " OLD BOY'S" TOMICOO. COOL AND LASTING. SD, PER OUNCE; 1. 7D. PER }LB. TIN; 6s, PER LB T. SUDLOW & GO., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR 'MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 414 Y.

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. LIARGRAVES' CIGARS 71 TEARS. ITARGBAVES' CIGARETTES. I "" MANUFACTORY: SWAN-STREET. MANCHESTER.

pATENT UFIU 11 t A. 41 KESTRII. MTABLISITED It 1535. Messrs. GEO:IDE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal exp,rleeetln connection with this Establish. ment andlynneieprnotiorint: nowledqe of the cotton,woollet and iron manufactures. " Self-help to the New Patent Lew,' price &t. " Colonial and Foreißti Patent Laws," price Is. EIEOROIC DAVIES, C.E., lc SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A 4, ST. AITIIII SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

QT. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LI WITSID (late Ormerod. Li Grierson and Co Ilulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of W HEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchased all Wheel, Priley and Tooth Block Patterns Ac.., telooglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London.rond Iron Works, Mancheiter, an. are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kir :Is of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and eulley Patterns on application. NT., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic. address, 't Ormerod GrArson. Manchester'.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (NOT LESS THAN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. „ During the last 21 years the total amount lent hy the undersigned EXCEEDED £1,250,000 1 He has reeeived hundreds of unsol,clted letters of thanks and has annually, for the past el.fht years, Issued seise tlons from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advance, or any Information desired, will be supplied. free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to z GEORGE PAYNE, • ACCOUNTANT, 20, RIINNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMAN, and all Respect. We Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. N. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. TOOT oF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANssov,a : JOHN E. GOOD WIN. .B.—Establisbed at this Vidnis Tw•intv Years. LITeIkpANTED D ILY, ANY DISTANCE, FROM 16.4 £5 TO £l,OOO POM-asz--aMMEDIATE WANT, PHSLNKS9 OR PRIVATE, RISO for pkirchaiirtst or starting new business, on simple prom/nor! note No fines. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. All applieations immediately attended to. Apply in confid• • personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN CO., 4. PARKER STREET WARRINGTON. HEAD OFFICE: 9. CORPORATION RT., MANCHESTER VROM £3 AND UPWARD. uoNT FAIL TO GIVE US A CALL AND CONVlarcg YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is 6:1 weekly £2O repayable 72 fid weekly. £5 2s 0d „ £5O „ 17,83 .. £lO 3s 6d ~ £lOO ,' 39a 63„ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply In con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO„ 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. Hooaa, 9 am to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTIats PRO M PTLY ATTE DRD TO. ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY WAILS.

ADVANCES £3 TO £500.-DON'T PAY FEES As those Offices who ask for fees,wlll only pocket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO SURNTIE3 RICQUIRED. NO RUH'S° T- ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF USABLE to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFORWAND dealings guaranteed. 'lnterest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply end be convinced to the—Manager, J. CALVERT. CLAUGHTON CHAMBERS,I, CLAUGHTON THEET opposite Dr. Knowle a) ST. HELENS.

£lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £50.-ADVANCE ctel MADE to ALL PERSONS WOETHIC of CREDIT on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERMS FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit made by our Manager on same day o application who will grant you the money AT ONOE satiefactory. NOTE: THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 69, H AYDOCK STREET NEAR THE MARKET PLACE MARLESTO ViPN.

NO PEES I NO PINES I I NO PUBLICITY It t £3 AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY in STRICTRiT PRIVACY to all respenable House holders, Tracteapeople. Farmers, and all persoos worthy of credit, without sureties or bcndsmen, " on simple promis— sory note only," at reasonable interest and eas v repayments to stilt ell classes. Diatance no object. Call or write in confidence to THE OH KS HIR FC ADVANO it CO., 25, Cairo- street, Sankey-street, Warrington ; also nt 15, Greenwood- rotreet, Altrineharo. Head Office : 59, BrunsWiok-street. Hightown, Manchester. All applications and letters 'promptly attended to.

ESTABLNIIED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STRE RT. HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums or from RIO to £l.OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY Nom. pA It TIES wishing for temporary CASH .arivANotts should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OP STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SHALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. NO IPLLS OP RALE ARE TAKEN •UNLESS AGREED. AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE .NOT•PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS REO Willi IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative viii call personally upon p pllcants and complete the transactions at their own borne, or places of business. My fair deallpg and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

....,•*•••.1.*:0r,,. '0,;.1.1.1.--, ..,_ ..-10 If ---k`"•eigregre.l.44;,-,- -g,t"-"cief4t.- .q. r .•-• •eval,,:-,P'.:;;;.; - A*---06. •$.0,:..5.‘. #•,-1,..C.P.c..:.- tvac,•-•441. -'""---6 •fare.-:--- ra:;,„.-6. tw--/- .-,,,,„;.....e•-,,..%.-: pt,_,... i•a, , 4.1):-' • V.- ~ e• •........, ..„..-0,-- -0,,,-, e 74-4,• 30 YEARS' ~,,,• ......, •,,A04.6...--,,,, .1., e....f1.- _,....-• ,or • -A , - . --,••• .lii.P.4l;ff. tr UNPRECEDENTED SUCCESS - A5,,,,....0...,:. ' 41.1 r, ) ~,ir.• the UNIVERSAL REMEDY for .ri,mott, .....4....., if .rigW /1411 ; : ,r.t) .........iilk t....., r EIV A, TA.W * 4.04 '6 . ( Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, te,a Asthma, Whooping-Cough, /.7,4011c1-4, „. ~..... ~ vv.vivrt 4 ....me.., •r•-• A Influenza, Hoarseness, &c. tet. :004 i!lv :4%,erg4i,r„ HAS PROVED .61)Z.i71:: j : • .g,bk Akill& . eiiil 6 ve, i 7, .f, loiNiv.,l" . ;set Y • 4 t• r Qat, , '• t• h i ..„ T 1 „..,,, , ~ s., A , _ g , , .„, , . --. .., 1 .. ~..,.,„ 4 ttlEt --'.4 '?lde.o(a—ril to? dim. 4 43" I* Ci` 1.46 aingTonte c `f., rr."t•rl TO BE AN ABSOLUTE NECESSITY TO EVERYBODY. /411k,4:114, W zol The enormous Success of Owbridge's Lung Tonto could vot * , walk , ee' . .0 mil/ ,Aorm 4,,,..",...... ~..-Nwt. have been x- won, and continue to increase after 30 Years, .4.10.0 lir apart from its great intrinsic merit as the most efficacious , 006 , if, elaWil,o 4:6;• renzecly ever knolvn. •,„,,,,•r... ~*-...~1 A.7....,..,crit. 4.4gme,t, 113).44 Beware of Substitutes, ars7; for "OWBRIDGE." when (....„.wg.,, buying Lung Tonic and TAKE NO OTHER. _ ~..7,,...e.e..rit .47 • -teal, .. ~.: .rs..-.. • rar0w,..,..05. Prepared by . 144116- 5. W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd., Chemists, Hull. Sold everywhere in bottles. at Is. 11(i , ' t le '? a .'4.1.. • 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d., and ]l.. 40.,,1. , ...(41,A1.97,..,. „1, . --.....,1,;.:weA.11,-,h:,,. ,00. ? -. ...,....: ..w.go-t1.4.,- .fili- .... - , ...-• -.: ----vvwelay3•o'6'6'o4e.-- 1*

FOOTBALL. appetrance of that unique little " Diary and Com 1 panioa " Issued by GEO. G. BUSSBY & CO., for the use of Cricketers (which may be obtained from Sports Dealers, Boolcsell,rs.or Railway Bookstalls tor 6c1.), reminds us of the coming season, in anticipation of which GEO G. BUSSEY ,FG Co. have prepared a " record" stock of Bats. We are told that the titnt.er they hold or bat making alone exceeds 1.000 tons. " Glorious Cricket follows the British Flag every wir,_tr;." (1)

The Standard of Purity & Quality. Van Houten)s Cocoa has added to its long list of awards the Certificate of the Institute of Hygiene for Purity and Quality. For upwards of three - quarters of a century it has been recognised as the standard cocoa of the world. Best & Goes Farthest.

GARTONS NEW AND IMPROVED BREEDS OF SEEDS ARE THE BEST, ALSO CHEAPEST WHEN QUALITY AND ULTIMATE RESULTS ARE CONSIDERED: Carriage paid, and 5 per cent. discount. Priced and Descriptive Catalogue post free on application. Seed Experts and Growers, WARRINGTON.

IRISH " GEM " COLLECTIONS NEW OF ..r)LovitErtlaro SWEET PEAS.

MEN AND 'WOMEN :4 Wanted to work our rapid KNIT- e.).:(ING MACHINUS at their homes, It making work for us to sell to the 77.741, Trade. No experience,no canvass- .n _ g, steady work; good money ~. earned ; distance no hindrance. • 1 WHITE-TO-DAY. THE HARDY MACHINE AND e WOOLLBN CO. Dept. H.D.) t 9, BROWN KRIM, MANCHESTER.

TT BIBUELLAS.—Ladies' Hall-maraed t'erling, silver- mounted 21. 91-d., post free.—COLEMAN, Jeweller, 57, Wilton rd., Westminster. London. DBUNKHNNH33 cured by a sate, secret and sure remedy. Send stamped envJope to Mrs. FAIBFAY, 0/0 Payton & Co., 112, Cheapelde, London, 13 C.

PPICTORIAL POSTCARDS—Large Varieties. Wholesale Constant change of stock ; all latest nove!ties.— NOVELTY POSTCARD Co., 41a. Prestcot St., Liverpool. BaZAA:i GOODS (Special:, 6d.—Greatest variety and value in the tracte,vrtiole•ale.—JALMON & MATTHEWMAN, jiTD.. ?lough Buildln4s, Gloucester st., Birmingham.

XTRAORDINARY Value, all allk crepe-dc-Chine; 21 in. Ali wide ; le. elid. yard ; usually sold at la. 110. In black and leading sbadea. Write for oatteens.—wEßßS SON Hove.

BOOT DBA.l.ERS.—Wornen's Black CanvAs Oxfords cheap- eat in the world ; Box-calf fit,ings. sewn. 12s. per dozen pairs ; better quality, 13s. 6.1. Oath with order.— LAURIE it MCCONNAL, LID, Cambridge.

-DALDNBSS.—IiffIy Discovery Absolutely Forces Hair in remarkabie time ; prove or forfeit 21.00 : send two stamps for Free crimple and see hair begin to grow. - CLARKE, Specialist, 57. Ashton rd., Blackpool.

DON'T PASS THIS OVRIL—One packet beet Vellum Note Paper, splendid surface, suits any pen, printed with your address in black, best style, post free, is 3c1.---CativroN brATIONERY CO., 119, Vlctoriaat., London S.W.

- TF your hair is falling out, or getting thin. semi 2e. flel. for my large bottle of Hair Tonto (from the receipt of a medical man) which I have asefl with wonderfully successful re/Mits.—FOßD 16, Hinton rd.. Herne Hill, London. 'MATTING. NFITTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, 11 Ring Nets, Purse Nets Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.THOMlS JOHNSON'S. Net Warehouse 38 Corporetion-street. Manchester.

DBLINR kT101.7 of Character from Photograph.—Srnd a photrgrapb, accompanied by a rtmlttance o 1. State colour of eyes and hair. Also stamped addressed envelope (for return) to JESSICA, 23 Piirk St, Falsgrave, Scarborough.

A BMX BLUCHRHS ARMY BLUCHHEIS I 4,000 pairs 23 of new sewn Bluchers very best leather soles ; will send one pair, any size, post free for 5.. 64. ; cash returned If not approved of.—H. J. GABSON. Government Contractor, Bye.

UDISON HOMH PHONOGRAPH,wIth fan-t 1 reproducer 1.4 recorder. and horn. and NO Hellion gold moulded records ; cost £l3 Hs less than thre months ago. What offers for the lot ? Must sell ; cash wanted.—B. TAYLOR' 45. Moss at,, Rochdal.,

SALVA UMBRELLAS, 130 dozen ex L. & N.-W. Rail-, GB way Company. Ladles Silk Umbrellas Is., Is. 64., 2s, 64. each ; Gentlemen's bilk Umbrellas, Is. 64.. 2e. 6c1., 3s. 64. Packing and postage 64 extra.—HARDING'S U N1E1171,14. W•REHO USE. School lane. Livarp,x4

FOR one penny stamp we will send you a Bing Booklet. a Naval Picture Postcard, and Signs of the Zodiac Picture List of Lucky Birthtuouth. Stone llngagement Rings sup- piled for Cash or on Buy Terms prlyately.—Send Id. stamp to MASTERS, LTD.. 206 .1,11,f, Stores, Rye, Sussex.

Ellilili.—lnteregting Gardening Pamplaiet ; containing re- l.: markable discoveries for producing luxuriant Blooms, Fruit. Vevtabies, making priz--winning easy ; gardening profitable ; success certain. To convince you will Send large Sample Tin for 15.—WITH's Fertilising Hxperts, Hereford.

IVE I &HY CLOTHING.-4,000 good. large, dark grey or blue Waterproof Cloth Overcoats for Sale, put out of servile for other pattern ; either, carriage paid, for 7e. 6d Name size required. Large Capee, same material, 2s. Ed, each.—From H. J. GesenN, Government Contractor. Rye.

IvONDfillifUL VALUI4 ! Lovely Necklace, 225 mother- o'-pearl beads, imported direct ; 22-ct. gold cased Locket ; 22-ct. goid-3ased Wog ; both set birthday stones. 3s. 6d. tbe lot. state birthday. Never such offer made before Bend immedlately.—GßErnma, 'S.' Seat Parade,Dorehester.

BN/CliUl"TCY.—Anotioneer(to settle estate of Client)will clear quantity of Ladies' Excellent Quality Cloth e w Jackets and Cloaks, 3s. 6d each. or 365. dozen (cheape.it cost) 15s. 6d. also quantity Flawers, Feathers and ornaments, Worth Is. each ; Is. doz.—Bitten% Wednesbury.

rro Bli SOL D.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive I. Works. lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co. with Machinery and 24,420 square yards a Freehold Lana, with sidinw to the railway. huicahle for Chemical or other works requiring spnee.—Address J. ROMEING. 1.3 Venwlek-street, Liverpool.

BANY'S LONG CLOTHES.— Complete parcels superior snake and finish, 30 articles 10s. 6d. ; 50, 20s. ; carriage paid; approval.—Mrs. HAhVEY, 100, Clayton it., Newcastle- an-Tyoe.

(ZISIsiD 58. for LAMBS' BLACK CLOTH MOISS SKIRT, 1..) stylishly tucked and stripped, state length ; also charm- ing rnoirettee underskirts, black, pink,sky green,navy. Send 28. 6.I.—FEAR HILL & Co , T rowbridge.

TO ailoltki 131t0Kliti MANTLES —New lnmndesc-nt Metal MANTLBi (patent 9,62); practically unbreak- able ; platinum ; 7J candle power white light ; 6d. post free, 4t. 6d. doz.—OROSBLEY'S 174 a, Fountains To., Liverpool.

POSTOARD Dr S.—and Bargain. No Middle Man's profit, 30 for le., or 100 for 2s. 6d. all different ; Cornice, Actresses, Views and Animals Bcc. Send postal order.—TAE MANUFACTURER. 46, Forest Drive Rast, Leytonstone„London

GENUINIs HBOlPH9.—Whltening the hands and keep ing in good order, and Indigestion positively corPa 9d. each post free.—F. DonGsoN,l3 4,,uhouse at., Maryport FCHI lIHH O UMATII and GOUT, try Rucklaw's Health Tea; sure cure; post paid for Is. lfd. ; write to-day. —Address BUM-LAWS HEALTH TEA, 83, Grainger at., Darlington.

A RIM and Marvellous Discovery. Gentleman bind five Tears now v-e% to read anything ; eight more see after one month's treatment. Particulars and testimonials tree.— LEGETT, elm, Wisbech.

IR W.F. LINIACINT.—The champion cure for 1_ RHEUMATICS. Gout, Stiff Necks, Sore"l'hroate Bcc. —Price is post 2d., from 31• Y I Co , 4, Featherstone Build- ings, High Holborn, London.

FOR RELIABLE 1111RBAL/3 tIRDIES for all diseases of the hnman system consult LEvvr, e e 2. Earle rd., Liverpool. at the British and American Botruna Dispensary and Hygienic Food Stores. Consnltation free.

QTERILII MAIIIIIAGIC.—Its Causes and Curative Treat ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hoapital for Women; a new edition just published. Post free 3s. Bd. London.—SHELLEY t 0.. LTD., 38, laracechurch t.

IHRONIC RHEUMATISM SPEEDILY CUR/31.1.-4 eau V strongly recommend really Wonderful Cure for Rheu- matic Maladies.—For Free Particulars please SPnd addressed envelope LIEUTENANT B &RNIRD, R. N., Q ueenewood rd., Moseley.

pROF. VISHNBIt'S RBMEDIBS.—Anwmia, Bronchitis illounese. Indigestion, Rheum tlm, Eczema, riles Obesity, &c., speedily cured. Medicine Is. lid. per bottle post free le. 3d. ; Hair Restorer, Is. per bottle. PROF. VERNER, (U.S.A.), 15, Vernon et. Bolton.

CONSUMPTION.—Midland Open-air Sanatorium. Beauti- fully situated In a park of 25 acres, 750 feet above sea level, gravel soil, south aspect. Bstabllshed 1808. Specially constructed out-door chalets —For terms and illustrated pros- pectus, apply, THE SECRETARY, Bourne Castle, Belbrough- t on , Worcestershire.

WANTED half-dozen good steady FUSTIAN CUTTERS ; regular employment ; male or female.—Write to JOHN SMITH, Rhin g dun MEL Tldeswell, near Buxton. 11 &PRESENTATIVE Wanted, spare time, fix and attend Automotie Machines ; very Ilbaral remuneration.— Apply AUTOMATIC STEREOSCOPE Co., 1 Bear st.,London,w.C.

MANAGER of Coffee Tavern is desirous of making a change, ei year.' reference ; City experience.—YEA Box 2487, c/o Nnankow THATCHER, 2 Holborn Place London W.C.

I INFER WANTIaII for about 100 tons of good horse and kJ cow MalitlitH produced from linseed and cotton cakes ; on rail at Lees station, London and North-Western Railway. —CLAYTON, farmer, Lees, near Oldham.

VBR6IONS.— All classes of Reversions bought; quick 11, completions ; loans arranged at low rates. Mortgage securities wanted at 31 to 4i per cent. Business Transfer gency.—T. bMITH WoRSLEY, 26, Cooper St., Manchester.

£3 WHICKLY —lixceptional opening for Lady or Gentle- man, whole or part time. Su experience neCess cry. Bend. addressed envelope to V 0.-0 6.. Box 2495. 0/0 Bbarrow ec Thatcher, 1 and 2. Holborn Place, Loudon, W.C.

SANITARY INSPHOTOES.—Lady Health Visitors; £lOO to £350; severed hundred Vacancies annually, open to all ; 40,:suecesses. Postal Lessons now Commencing for Manchester Exam.; fee 255.-3111SHENS, Science Teacher, 6underlaud.

120U04.1.10f1 subjeAs necessary for a Pro- fesaional or Business Career TAUGHT BY IMPERTS. Languages by native Professors, General education as the best schools brought to student's own home. Special tuition for adults. lb,ooo students successfully trained. Fee moderate. For particulars of training In Shorthand, BOOK keeping, French, German, G:tograpby, History, Science, Mathematics. etc., etc., write for our new pamphlet to CLARE'S CORRESPONDENCE COLLEGE, 1,2 &3, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON.

luN rINBN.CAL Pit ,ifdlUM Mira/S.—An absolutely 1...1 safe investment for large or small investors,with numer- , ous chances of Large Cash Premiums. If you require infor- mation concerning Cornbiental Premium Bonds, apply to the CoNIINENTAL PREMIUM BOND Co..who sell Combinations of Bonds, whether by cash or by easy Instalments at current market prices on Continental llboarties.inclusive of brokerage. Bonds purchased. Cash advances arranged on fitly paid Premium Bonds on terms arranged. Reasonable rate of interest.—The CoNTINENTA.I. PR.I4WII BoriDt• Co., 31, West Sunnialde, Sunderland. Telegrams, •PREsrlust,' Sunderland

WANTED MEN. Young and Old, to write for our book "How to become an Electrical Engineer 2'' sent post free. It tells how thousands gain eetter Positions and salaries studying Electrical or Mechanical Engineering at Home by post; en iorsed by Thomas A. Edison and British Electricians.—Address ELECTRICAT. ENGINEER INSTITUTE OP CORRESPONDENCE INSTRUCTION, 413, Norwich House, 13 Southampton Street Holborn, London.

I,III,ACK MINORCA EGOS, fertile,Pltt's strain, 3s. sitting I) Carriage paid —RICHARDSON. Fir Tree Inn, Caven- dish, Suffolk 111 LYMOUTH ROCK EGGS, sock bred direct from Palace cup winner, 3s. doz.—Mrs. LYNDEN-BELL, Hawley, Tadley. Basingstoke. LIGGS.—PURB BARRED ROCKS, G. Jackson's direct. .111 ss. per sitting 13; Inspection invited.—JOHN STOTT, Joiner, Wardle, Rochdale.

DOINe.r SELL EGGS —Hatch profitable Chicks by using the J.M.D. INCUBATORS. New catalogue of Powtry Appliances uow ready —.1.11 D. POULTRY APPLIANCE Co, Blackburn.

OLD and PAISTKIDGts YANDOTTE kSta(IS, absolutely VT the b.-st blood th.st can be Mr', specialiy mated to breed winners, 3s. 6d. and ss. 6d. dozen,—Mrs, LiIaNGDON, Sudbury, buffolk.

L GGS FOR HATCHING} from best selected laying prize LA stock. Buff Orpingtocts, Silver-laced Wyandotte., and Aylesbury Ducks; 3s. for 13 eggs.--MEADow HoUsE, Brom— borough, Cheshire.

LIGGS from Noted White beghorns, also Black Minorca*, 1:4 Winners of Special first and seconds ; good layers ; unfertiles replaced ; best pens 3s. 61. doz. —SMA.LLEY'S West Bradford, Clitheroe.

PIV. lug offers Ue eggs t rAo t his Gr record rlandyfil Igd slttreacitno rpy., r eR enaudff- Orpingtons, 4.. sitting. Carriage Paid, unfertile. replaced— Orders executed per return. I.4IGGS FOR SITTING.—From pure bred. Blank, White LA and brown Leghorn., Block tninorcas and Itoudans, 3s. per sitting ; unfertiles replaced.-3.latES WitxtrisoN, 9, Edge Hall rd., 0171311, Wigan.

Vous, PURR EKED WHITE LEGHORNS. also Buff eks, hard fell birds, unbeatable laying Strains 2s. 6d. doz., First Cross Houdan White Leghorn, 2s. doz., splendid layers.—Cam, Baekbarrow, Ulverston.

VGGS. From High-olaes White and Silvez Wyandotte., 11.1 Blacv Lengthens. Black tMlnorcas, Silver Campinee, Brown Leghorn s 3s. 6d. sitting clear replaced. Taos. B. MANSEFIGH, Tottington, Bury. Lancashire.

- IPGGS FOR SIITING from pure bred birds. Buff Orping- _EA tons, Black Minor°.le, Black Leghorns, Houdans, Blue Andalusians. Silver, White and Partridge Niyandottes, 2s. 6d. for 13.— TAYLOR. Poplar warm, Hough Green.

QPRINGFIRLD POULTRY FARM, Broadavay, Blackpool —Rggs for Sitting from high-class selected layl3 g strains ; cuffs, Rocks, Bra hmAlf. Minorca', Leohorns, Ands, luslans. I. Game, and the celebrated Aylesbury Ducks from 6e. per dozen. ~hicks and Dum.lings from 10d, each.

NIOKOLLB WARD.—Winners 800 prizes ; have sittings from their famous White Legborns, Minorca', Silver and Dark Dorking', Buff "Make, White and Silver Wyan- dottes, Lakenvelders 33 6d to 10s. 6d. ; carriage paid. Apply fcr catalogue, PoULTRY Yiane. illavermy, Wolverhampton

EGGS for JITTING from splendid pen of Black Leghorna, excellent layers of large eggs (b years test breed) give these a trial and you will never regret It ; 3s. 64. per doz., 2 doz. carriage psid unfortilea replaced if returned ;no Sunday business.—JA3fEa ARROWSMITH, 112 Cemetery rd., Addngton, Lancashire,

11.4`LEtS FOR SITTING from Vs Lute, Brown, Buff and Black .i..:A.Leghorns ; Lee's and Eodavell's strain from Crystal Palace winners ; all good reliable stock birds, and the best laying strain obtainable ; also old English Spangled Game, Mundane, hilfer and White Wyandottes, unlimited range, 2s. 64. per sitting , untertiles replaced ; satistacthn guaranteed„—AßTHUß SNOWDEN, Coaling via Keigh!ey, Yorkshire,

GGS FOR bITTING.—In returning thanks to my 4 • numberless customers for past favour I again invite an inspection of the following pure breedo of fowls Black Minorca', Black Leghorns, White LeghJrns, Buff Leghorns, Brown Leghorns, Blue Andalusian' Houdans, Indian Game Barred Rocks. Golden Wyandotte', Silver Wyau- dottes, Lancashire Buff., Buff Orpington Black Orpington ; also the,following first crosses male oird first IndlanGarne and 'Anshan ; (Anshan and Block Orpington, Houdan and White Leghorn, Black Minorca and Block Leghorn. All these Zs. 6d. per sitting, all home packed And pot on rail 31., Indian Runner Ducks same price ; also a special pen of Buff Orping- ton and Lanshans ds. 6d. per sitting.—Address, Newton-le- Willows, HENRY DRAPER. ZO5, Newton rd., Lowton ; a few minutes walk from Lowton St. Mary Station, one mile from tram car. No baldness done on Sunaay.

X) jjg BOLO, the leasehola prernbees, lately occupied by Warrington Chemical Company at Sankey Bridges Werrington.—apply WII LIAM and SEG &Ft til-wks,Architects, Warrington.

910 BE SOLD, !alga SEMI-DETACHED VILLA, Whit. field rd , tqockion H.atb ; all conveniences Large well-stocked garden.—For particulars apply ant A. 0.. •• Examiner " officer. WarrlnvtAr.

QUNNY bOUTHSBA.—To Let and for sale. Mansions from £l3O yearly ; up-.0-date, £55 and downwards. Several equities of good weekly freeholds, all let, good tenants.— Apply AGE r, 159 6t. Augustine rd., Southsea.

LAND.—Freohold land, in many counties, for cottage, shop, farm, Or manikin ; plots from £l.O each, or £2) per acre (wood roads), payab e by instalment., free dee...; houses,shops,and bungalows. Mr.BßAKE•Marnborough,Hatite

AND.—FIZHEHOLD LAND, in many counties, for _LI cottage, shop, farm, or mansion ; plots from £lO each, or £2O per acre (good roads), payable by instalments, free deeds ; houses, shops, and bungalows.—Mr. DRAKE, Fan, borough, H ant e.

ITISSICO BUDORIFIU for lame or unsound Horses.— V Vests° S udor Ific is the quickest, safest, and most famous remedy for Weak Joints, eprained Sinews, Diseased Bone, Puffy Swellings, and all ailmenis, causing lameness. price 2s. 6d. or 65., of Chemists, or post free.—GREGORY Co.. Temple, Bristol.

GREENCIROCERS AND OTHERS.—Smart Welsh Cob, 5, years ; warrant same sound. quiet and a good worker any trial to good home befere purchase ; light Cart and Harness almost new; lot £8 106., or separate ; real barg ,In , must sell at once—Apply 33, SToCIt STREET oft Lord street. Cheatham Hill rasa. near CheeLham Town Hall, and Corporation street, Manchester.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. Host CoMTORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIETS CENTRAL NOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE. _ BEAUFORT BOARDING ESTABLISHMENT. 74, to., LADBROKE GROVE, HOLLAND PARK, LONDON, W. BACKS PRIVATE SQUARE. Spacious Dining and Drawing Rooms, Cosy Smoking and Reading Rooms ; near Tube and Metropolitan Stations, within easy distance of City and river (Richmond). from 25s weekly.

ABBRYtiTWiTH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most comfortable Family Hotels in Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms tram 2k guineas per week, or es. per day, acsording to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from 6s. labia d'Hote at 6.3) o'clock For TARIFFS so,, apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIBTOR.

eIYCLB for Disposal. gent's high-grade machine. as new Oct soiled, free wheel, rim brake, p'ated rims, poems matic tyres mud guards, gas limp, and all accessories; genuine bargain, £4 4s. cash. lowest ; approval willingly.— K. Gm.. Waveney Villa, Beech Road, weston-super-Mare.

MOTOR CAR (eight horse), seat four ; meohanically operated valves; three speeds and reverse; -fln.tyres; painted cream, upholstered in red pegamoid ; only run trial trips ; price complete, with lamps, pump, and horn, Rl6O ; trial by appointment.—MOTOß WORKS, Brinksway,stockport

plipaßG s fr.—Gent's higb-grade COV(NI RY JJ perfectly new, not soiled, best tyres and tubes, plated rims and free wheel, rim brake, gas lamp, and all other accessories ; be sutitul machine ; sacrifice, 2; 19s. 64. ; approval willingly.—T. HUSBA.ND, Chargrove Rouse, Ash- combs Road. Weston-sup r-lliere.

()N SALR, first-clan BROUGHAM for pair or single; also Gig, equal to new, built by Lawton and Co., Chester ; both have indiarubber tyres ; one set Double Harness, brass- mounted. equal to new, and one Ditto, silver-mounted, in very good condition late the property of Dr. Billutt.—Apply W. C. THORNHILL, Bt. Michael's House. Chester.

Inn.r: CYCLES, £4 15s. ' • £5; and £slos. eaoh.—W. , of t.. 1 CLARK t CO., f_lycle Engineers. Station rd., Doncaster, are now offering 1905 free-wheel Bicycles, fitted with 2 Inverted lever brakes, plated rims, lined In centres, rubber or rat-trap pedals, pneumatic tyros, frame lined In two colours, £4 15s. each. Same machines, fitted with Baffle Coaster Hub; £5 Also our special 1905 Cycles, a very high- classl machine. fitted with bail, free-wheel, and 2 inverted lever brakes, £5 10s. each. Carriage paid up to ICO mites.

11YOLES,—New Treats with two inverted best brakes V Perry beet ball free wheel, Perry's ;I chain, Westwood plated rime, green electric centres, best finial plating on copper, and machines lined vermilion and gold ; all extras Included, lamp, bell, &a.. and everything the best money can buy ; kindly call and inspect, or send for list, as money cannot make better cycleMor letter designs ; price, lady's or gent's £5 ss. ; sent on approval aciywhsre in the kindom.- 28, JACKSON'S Row, Manchester.

IRELAND, IRELAND, RELAND, INTBND3 TO MAINTAIN THE HIGH REPU- TATION HE HAS GAINED BY CONTINUING TO MAKE BICYCLES OF SUPERB QUALITY AT MOST REASONABLE PRICES. MACHINES BUILT TO ORDER FROM £6 10a.. WITH FREE WHEEL AND BRAKES. SEND FOR LIST. SANKEY, WAPRINGTO:q.

THH WARRINGTON AND MID-CEIESUIRE EXAMINER, lished every Saturday morning. TUN RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Friday after noon. It is the best weekly paper Ii the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Adve•• There. 'IIIHE WIDNES IsXAMINER, published every Friday after 1 noon. Whines contains the largest number of chemica works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly grow- ing centre of industry. THIS HARLESToWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoon... THE ST. HELENS EXAMINES.. published every Friday afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES. P liE PAID ADVERTISEK ENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. Holism To DE SOLD. ARTICLES LciliT. MISCELLANEoUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

FOUND THAT FOR QUALITY AND VALUE IN WINES AND SPIRITS FULTONB 'MOS. CANNOT BE BEATEN. FULT ON BROS. 20, RENSHAW SCUM', LIVERPOOL. ALSO AT FULTON'S BUILDINGS, ROCHDArIi. Telephone, 2261 Rov,vl, Liverpool.

;;PRING NOV HLTI US NOW SHOWING. W. T. WILLIANIS' NEW COSTUMUIS, MILLIN DICHSSWS, COSTS, &c &c. 4S, SANKEY sTREEr, wARRINGToN:

LOCAL NEWS. 'index to Inside Pages. PAGE 2. Co-Education : The Penketh Friends' School. Football. Hospital Sunday. Mr. Chamberlain's Visit. Short Story. 3. Women's Chat and Fashions. Education Committee : Election of Chairman. Motor Notes. 6. "Dodging the Interviewer," by Walter E. Pine. Earlestown Cricket Club. Football Tables. 7. Free Church Notes. Science Notes. New Books, &c. 'Coming Events. After having been closed for some time for renova- tion and re-erection in the new St. Mary's (R.C.) Church, the organ will be re-opened to-morrow. Addresses will be given both morning and evening by the Bishop of Shrewsbury. The Rev. H. Dunnico will preach in the Parr Hall to-morrow evening on "John Wesley and Methodism." A public meeting to be held in the Parr Hall on Monday evening will be addressed by Mr. H. Quelch, who will speak on "The muddle of military reform and the way out." Mr. H. Roberts will preside. " PitzattEß." CYCLES at 7 guineas startling value.— J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warrington.— Advt. Personal. The Rev. Morley Stevenson and Mrs. Stevenson were the recipients of congratulations yesterday on the occasion of their silver wedding. None were more hearty in their good wishes than the students of the Training College who presented the Principal and Mrs. Stevenson with a suitable memento of the happy occasion. Warrington and the Ship Canal. The House of Lords have adjourned the hearing sine die of the appeal of Crosfield and Sons and other traders and manufacturers carrying on business at Warrington, and the Mayor and Corporation of Warrington versus the Manchester Ship Canal. ASH for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MLNERAL ATERS.—Advt. Progressive Labour League. A debate introduced by Mr. E. Lloyd-Jones took place at the Liberal Club on Tuesday evening, the subject being "an eight hours day and the unem- ployed." Next week Councillor Magma is announced to speak on the education question. Teachers' Social An enjoyable social gathering promoted by the Warrington Certificated Class Teachers' Association was held in the Wyclifb Memorial Buildings, Edge- worth-street, last evening and was largely attended. An excellent musical programme had been arranged by Mr, W. H. Outland and each item was well received. "PREMIER" CYCLES at 12 guineas with change Speed gear &c., unequalled.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt. Lecture at Bold-street. An interesting lantern lecture on "North-west of Canada " was delivered in Bold-street Wesleyan schoolroom on Thursday evening by the Rev. Joseph Howard. A series of beautiful slides, lent by the Dominion Emigration agent, was exhibited, and described in an entertaining way by the lecturer. The views of Niagara Falls were particularly fine. , Warrington Man's Heroism Rewarded. The heroism displayed by Stockton in the recent unfortunate " gassing " accident in Ellesmere street has received recognition by the Liverpool Shipwreck and Humane Society, who have written to the Chief Constable stating that they have awarded Stockton a Byer medal and a vote of thanks. "PREMIER" CYCLES at 9 guineas for Best Grade. unsurpassed.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge Warrington.—Advt. Warrington Church Society. The Ven. Archdeacon Madden addressed a gather- ing of meth at the Parish Church last night on "The Work of the Christ: He went about doing good." The address was under the auspices of the Warring- ton Church Society and was one of a series which Will be continued next Friday evening when the Rev. Canon Cleworth will speak on "The atonement of the Christ; who loved me and gave Himself for me." Padgate Wesley Guild. The winter session of 1901.5 concluded on Monday evening with a social gathering in the Wesleyan t'ohool. Songs were rendered by Mrs. J. Bennett, -L`liss Florence Bennett, and Mr. Ernest Pearce, who •were cordially applauded. A reading by Mr. Samuel -Dawson delighted the audience. Great interest was evinced in a word competition. and after a keen Ilruggle the prize was carried off by Mr. L. Bennett. efreshments were then partaken of, after which pines and other amusements were indulged in until `en o'clock. Death of an Old Warringtonian. i An old Warringtonian passed away on Friday night the person of Miss Garven, whose death occurred St her residence, Sankey-street. Miss Garven, who lv tas in her 72nd year, was at one time a well-known ,Pre in the town. For a number of years, however, "8 had been confined to her room owing to .loralysis. In earlier years she was prominently 44Clentified with the Warrington Ladies' Charity, friends as secretary. She had a large circle of 4P:lnus, by whom she will be much missed. church funeral took place at the Warrington Parish I.i on Tuesday. A service was held at 8.30 for Zives arid friends, the coffin being left in the neel, until 2.30 when the funeral service was con- ticted by the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton. The Rev. ,-'ai,l2an Pollock (Carlisle) read the lesson, and the Rev. W. Barber assisted in the service. The choir were V.,80 present, Mr. Darby presiding at the organ. Miss 4 veY(niece) was the chief mourner,and others present Were .;zr :—Rev. H. V. and Mrs. Pigot, Rev. H. R. Wild, Codrington, Mr. and Mrs. Boyd, Messrs. Charles hite, C. Dale, B. Stanton, Ridd,Burgess, Whittle, It. 4911113 z, and Bate, Mesdames Carleton and Broadhurst, trip Kennedy, and Mary and Ethel (servants). Floral artes were sent by the Rev. J. Wilfrid Stanton, Mr. a girt Miss Stanton, Miss C. Hunter, Mr. and Mrs. a;e,sPie, Mrs Stanton, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Backton, rid "Harry and Florence." 4Aegh Street Brass Band. h_ With characteristic enterprise the members of this t promoted a solo competition, open to players of an brass instrument, which was held in Legh Street schoolroom on Tuesday evening. The affair distinct success, a largo audience being presided 4,l„fbbeY Counciller W. J. Forshaw. Entries to the of twenty-one had been received, and soloists eca such well known bands as Winoates' Crewe tobegia Organizationsand Manchester Artillery' took part. were also very well represented las,.l' red Podmore acted as adjudicator and his task u ' ng nearly three hours and a half,was by no means ble,e,a;sy one. The first prize (10s. 6d.,with a gold centre and a certificate of merit) was awarded to Mr. z_leetwood, of Sutton-road Band, St. Helens, who qiadered " Mia "on the cornet. Mr. W. Weedall, of 71 gates Temperance Band, secured the secmd prize B.medal 'A • Witt, It a silver and a certificate of merit) third the trombone solo " Crystal Palace," while the votprriitz) Prize (ss. with a silver medal and a certificate went to Mr. W. Rutter, of Warrington theol;ne teer Band, who played "When other lips" on 1.4 thoer"t" Them were numerous consolation prizes. _course of a short speech Councillor Forshaw, /)ocirnd:tributed the awards, complimented Mr. Fred eueo.. e upon the great interest he is taking in the kaeragernent of music locally. Music he remarked, t,.eetetaagnodoid Tan better. He W. as pleased sedldthe Legh- Zttlie. la conceived the idea oho solo `"Petttiona and h d be glad to give a prize th‘ ePwable hands of next contest.. would arrangements had been in thMe the hon. secretary (Mr. H. N.

Goddard Plate Powder ror C4ieaning Silvedlectro Plate& (:)ici everywhere lb 2/6 & 4/e.

Ic_---- - -_--- . -- - - ----,__ ___ , , i , „.•,K€ ~.„.„, Coughs i '-.\--.. INsEED -1-1? 1 -- , ..- 7 ~ . • . Bronchitis _. . , -a a _ ‘ 9, . 0 el) I)__L II Lung "froubles . ~. ._ uno „ , „Joao() , , Angier's Emulsion has a wonderfully ,S .'s _ 4 65S,Cg.CC iiii.Ce* ! ~' soothing and healing effect upon throat, ) lungs and air passages. The relief : • which it affords from cough, bronchial ' , t ._ ft'' • Fon-- distress and difficult expectoration is , , •,'lr: tt),ollGliS ' 1 ' almost immediate, while the rapidity -: with which it cuts short the attacks 4D I i ~,,, , .*" . 1 0 Lolps ; , s a surprise to all who have tried it. ' / I - ! Angier's Emulsion is both a healing .„ ‘,.. , • , Asthma% & BRONCHITIS' ' lung remedy and a powerful tonic ' - ' •P -_l-...._,35 , that benefits the entire system; it ' , ..4- _ 7, - .-,..,...._ YEARS , : is pleasant to take, promotes appetite, ,II --PROVEN EFFICACY. 1 . aids digestion and builds up strength. AN EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REMEDY- 1 I If you send 3d. for postage, and mention LOOSENS PHLEGM• ALLAYS COUG.H. ._ ': . 11 this paper, we will send you a free sample. GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF 'i• • W .. I LIN UrNIORC lAN TD HI GAE SRTTI 01 CNU I'l I TPSI LELSVILS. •I• SICKHEADACHE BILIOUS DERANGEMENT • dc.. I AN AGREEABLE APERIENT. (PITRO/411.114 WITH HYPOPHOSPHITICS). . i KAYS TIC PILLS- .:. • •:. •:. , Of Chemists, r/if, 219 and 416; or post free from , 1\ , ANCIER CHEMICAL al .. Li., a SNOW N CURE FACEACHE 8 NEURALGIA. ILL, LONDON. _ ' , . . REPZ/SE SUES rirur4-5. , ... . SO. D BY ALL CXEM.STS THRCUCKV, GREAT LRITAIA 6 ME COLONES. - - - ____-_ ____ _ --- ---- - -_ .

THE BEST FAMILY MEDICINE. KAYE'S Vi/ORDSELL'S PILLS Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Hesdiche Dyspepsia, Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaints,Aa. For Ladies of all ages they are invalcable. Of all Chemists, is. lid., 28. 9d., and 41. 6d. per box or post free on receipt of stamps to DEPOT, 13. St. George Street. Norwich.

rwo LB L D YOU HAVE ISOFT VELVETY 0 0 1 1 SKIN? Thelz use „ will i .., entirely , 1 !1.. ... remove all ' I Iteg • • ..ROUGHNESS,CRAPS,! TAN, IRRITATION, etc.,= I in /it very short time. Bottles i_.-..,15,and25.6. ECT}llleTt SOM. N

V. That Plague INDIGESTIONF A is often caused by Food not assimilating., and by a lack of ingredients that aid digestion and stimulate the Liver, and this CAN BE (OW ;° .. 101CD' Er ( the constant and regular use of an article possessing the necessary stimulating qualities, and there is nothing to equal ALviNATSAABLLTE Sold In iilb . TINS, at 30. each. Beautifully fine, can be spread freely over Food by the use of Handsome Glass Castors 3d. each, which keep the Salt free from dust and germs. From all Grocers 60. the two articles ; or from the Proprietors: W. H. FLETT, Ltd., Liverpool, For pd. In Stamps, Postage Paid.

100 YEARS REPUTATION . Dip "DR. ROBERTS' POOR MAN'S FRIEND." The best Antiseptic Ointment for 'eV-minds .d Skin Diseases. HEALING, OrCOOLING, s SOOTHING. BEACH & BARNICOTT Ld., Bridport. . Dar rrke, mi 2/9 4!6.&C. Post Flve. Sem! for Pamphlet. f . - -...- TOOTH-ACHE , CURED INSTANTLY BY ' BUNTER'S erevents Dec- Sitve Ex i traction, Sleepless Nights ' Pmented. Neuralgic Headaches and all Nerve Pram removed by BUN fllll'S NERVINE NERVINE. All Chemlsts,l6. lid. or post free on receipt of stamps to DEPo,r. 13. t. George Street Norwich.

_ O ‘2l ILVER WATCHF.S. FREELY GIVEN AWAY. To introduce our famous Picture Postcards (ot latest design and most artistically finished), we have decided to offer a Watch entirely free to every co ‘tomr who orders during the , neat 14 days, On receipt of eO. for Is. and 3d. in stamps " for postage, &c.. we will send the Packet per return along with our generous offer of a silver watch free (Lady's or Gent's), The Watch is fitted with Solid tilver Case, first- class movement, and will keep absolutely correct time. All we ask is that when you receive the cards and this wonder- ful offer you will show our goods to your friends and draw t heir attention to this advt. Write your name plainly, give full postal address. enclose value 13. 30., and send to N. AND R. BROWN & C. 46, KINGS CROSS ROAD, LORDS:U.

CO,,NWALL I

What the celebrated author. Mr. MAX PEMBERTON, says about CORNWALL: "I was delighted with the place and the people, and I can quite'see the numerous :possibili- ties of Cornwall as a Pleasure Resort both for Winter and Summer. Cornwall astounded and delighted me."

rousands of delighted travellers acknowledge it to be the ideal horn WINTER, HEALTH AND PLEASURE RESORT Why incur the trouble and expense of a long Foreign Journey when the GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY CAN TAKE YOU IN A FEW HOURS TO THE DELIGHTFUL CORNISH RIVIERA? Fast and Luxurious Trains. Cheap Fares. G.W.R. Co.'s Tregenna Castle Hotel at St. Wes. WRITE TO SUPERINTENDENT OF THE LINE, PADDINGTON STATION, W., for Illustrated Booklet Free. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

41,0..-,-,f,'„F._-_- _.,..,,, , , -.7 _ ,-- .... - 8 THE.. ROYAL ... ENFIELD "Made Hke Ea Gun."' 1.1111 li iii BICYCLES • . £8 Bs. to £ll5 16s. 41 MOTOR BICYCLES . ~ . 35 Ons. EASY PAYMENT SYSTEM is framed to meet the ...i."..-. ..11tte, \' MOTOR CARS es.. W. R. 200 to 475 Ons.i hi 1 ART BOOKLET free from— Altrmcham, CRAGG & SONS, 32, Church-st. requirements ents of honest buyers who are not able to the full Cash Price at once. ALL OBJECTIONAI3LE lirillikk, ./4 Ashton Hay ,yc e (......, Ag,ent, T. BOOTLE, Central Cycle Depot. PEA ES have been eliminated, and the Bicycle becomes your absolute property after W. B. TAYLOR, Ironmonger the first payment. W. BOOTLE, Cycle Agent. W. H. BELLIAN,Sankey-st. imlimmilloommimml

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE RAPID CURE. OF 0 F GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. 0 BY BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. "I TAKE NO OTHER!" -- 13, Robin Hood-street, "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Isle-of-Wight. Mona Cottages, November 29th, 1904. Coalville, Leicestershire, Dear Sir,—l feel it a great ,pleasure to drop you a June 4th, 1904. line to say how much good ~ have derived through Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received using your Rheumatic Pills. I have had Rheumatism off from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two and on for several years. I was recommended to use months ago and tried almost everything, but got no your Pills and SINCE USING THEM I TAKE NO OTHER. I better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that have likewise recommended thorn to others and they AFTER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED. also wish me to let yon know what good they are doing I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs them. I shall recommend them to all I know suffering Being a miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks from Rheumatism. You can make what use you like of to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I this. I remain, recommend them to everybody myself. Yours truly, Yours gratefully, JOHN CHAMBERS. JAMES WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUTPILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in. injurious matter, and are highly restorative., jurious matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. ---- ---_ EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS„

should try the oaf. shown at position 13 On dl- - s.>2. The principle is identical in both strokes, but the cannon at B is much the easier, firstly because the cue ball has es much less distance to travel, and secondly be- cause owing to the balls being so much nearer to one another more latitude is given as to how full or otherwise the first object ball must be hi& (To be Continued.) Vol. I. of "Billiards: The St-rokes of the Game." 100 ilhistrations. By 11.1S0 LEVI. le now ready, is. net. Mr. Ills° Levi will be pleased to answer in libel* columns all questions relative to the article appearing wi '.;y, and as far as pcssible ay questions on other points in cooneetiea with the game of Billiards. Eisselopemsliori ; he marilooll "Billiards."

t UNISIVIL er .k,.),.• There are certain Good Qualities. • lIPL, -"-- 4. which every purchaser of Furniture naturally looks for, ad '•1 - . USekrio . .. expects to find. Such as, for instance, strength, durability, and /- I: .icv sy_ , tii, pi ...k.,., ARTICLES SOLD BY PITTS'S ARE PERFECT in these points, --_,O-:1.•1 st,4 - I±c--g-L-- -Ls.ssT. and possess the additional merit of being astonishingly cheap. 1e*„...4 0 ' ..,„- M Come and have a look round PITTS'S Stock. It will be a • ....—............... , r, pleasant eye-opener, we can assure you, and an attractive one also. Our twenty specimen FURNISHED ROOMS at 7, 13, 18, 23, *." 11 '!I ...c....r.....:n trivAl---77‘ 30, 35, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100, &c. guineas each ARE WELL ' - ' -;• W H • ORT SEEING. r•____. _.;.. j, ~ _ 7t, , 40* ______ `'.•tit?....f.leit, FURNISHING GUIDE containing 800 artistic designs, priced, gratis, and POST FREE. PITT'S MODEL FURNISHED HOUSES, Always on view, Everything guaranteed New, Tasteful and Durable. SEVEN-ROOMED for 200 Guineas. FIVE-ROOMED for 100 Guineas. Full Details and Photos Post Free. PITT'S, LONDON ROAD, MANCHESTER. ,

;TIRED MEN. When you are tired of taking mysterious presoriptions,and weary of wearing Electris Belts, write tome, and I will send you a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may be quickly and thoroughly cured of BERVOUSHLbS. EXHAUSTION, VARICoCELR, and DEBILITY, from any cause whatever, WITHOUT STOMACH MEDICINE, or ELECTRICITY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent sealed,post free, for two stamoe.—A. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93,Great Russell St., London. W.C. Over seventeen years' successful results.

• Is Wu/wenUl water prouier fo BOOTS & HARNESS. Sot- Dales' tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish. log with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGH EST AWARDS. ' • . • fins sd.. 6d., 1/- 6r2/6 0/ Bost Dubbin Makers, Saddlers, Irintmeneers &e. Mann/actor, East Dulwich Lendes

_ IRIDE that Money ALLDAYS The Best Contractors to the War Office, Post Office, and other Government Departments. Writs for tern,, and Agents' CYCLES Address. Can Buy. Alldaya & Onions Pneumatic Engineering Co. Ltd. LLondon Showrooms:— BIRMINCHM4.44 20, Bucklersbury, Mansion House, E.G. TABLE CLASS SERVICES. leti(4.,Ppi Piece, gwiltheacEtallrnyillo,rtal.vd Claret Glavves, it pint, & Champ/LK', Tumblers, 2 Cut Quart Decanters, 1 Claret Jug, 1 Tankard. 34 Piece. eompriving 13 each a.q above, with same Decant.- r, and Claret Jug, IE/-. Monogram '2 . 1, ttera, s'• each. Packed free on Hail. • TABLE GLASS CO., 3 STOURBRIDGE. _ _

THOUSANDS ARE ti/Dg BRADFORD'S NEW "VOWEL" WASHING MICH INES for WASHING AT HOME, and thereby saving Ulna, saying labour, and saving the Clothes from unnecessary wear and tear. You can obtain full particulars of these Machines by sending a postcard to TRONA' BRADFORD & Co., 140-14%H Holborn, London; Victoria Avenue, Deansgate, Manchester; 130, Bold-et. .• Liverpool; or Crescent Iron Works, Salford. _Ai

, MERRY WEATHER'S s----.. 7 it...... , - ...,,..„) -0 ---,.._-_,-,,,,„:„:"..._-_, • ' 'et',N. \) ' ! \ ,',f,' ''. . V. ,:'i : .'''''' :. 0 ^ ''' '__, ' •ti . ... .. • , .' . .. . • . . . . .. ' ' _ CLASS , : CARDEN• .HOSE ‘ Y E 3 LONG', ACRE.I-ONDION: . 1.-ARGEST MAKERS OF:HI,GR, I-lOSE IN THE WOR LD:

:.„I,OIE Re) Ots t CUSTAItA, pOWDBIt Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BI Ft CO'S CLi EIL ea 18 the one tonne needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts t them a grateful mellowness. !IS ECCS ! NO RISK NO TROUBLE!

ROWN & CO., USINESS 4 g ROKERS AND

HOE'S SAUCE For all culinary pur- poses Hoe's Sauce is indispensable. E x - perienced chefs use and recommend it.
