===== 0002601_19050819_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
IS NOW PUBLISHED ox FRIDAY AFTERNOON,

-PRICE ONE PHNNT-

AND IS ON SALE AT THE VARIOUS NEWS- AGIBNTS AT ABOUT 4 O'CLOCK.

SHOULD ANY DIFFICULTY BE EXPERIENCED IN GETTING THE PAPER THE PROPRIETORS WILL UNDERTAKE TO DELIVER A COPY AT ANY ADDRESS IN WARRINGTON BY f O'CLOCK ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE.

Address all commuttiottloos to

FX&DIINER OFFICE,

REWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

ligWt3hl ROAD W KSLKYAN ULIUIWFJ SUNDAY NEXT, AUGUST 20TH. At 10 31 and 6.31 Mr. J. H. PROFIT. All Welcome. Hymn Book; provided

===== 0002601_19050819_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050819_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFg CHURIIII. BIOVSEY STRE w ARBINGTnN. sti !MAY, AUGUST OTR 905. PREACH Y:li RBV. J. YONGS. 10,33 ..m. and 0.31 p.m. USUAL oFFBIZTO SIBS.

13APTIbT CaURCH, GOLBORN SI RE ET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY WRIT AUGUST 20111. MoRraNGIO.4. BVFNING t 6 30. Mr. W. RESWICK (Gothorne). ALL SEAT-3 FEB& lIHARTY WELCOME.

EAPTIsT CHU RC H LATCHFORD, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AUGUST 20TH. MORNING 10.30. EVENING 6. PREACHER r Bev. JOIN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. Evening /Subject ; "Visions and Voices." OFFERTORIRS.

LIVERPOI)L AND NORTH WALES REGULAR DAILY SAILIStG-9 From Prince's-stage, weather AP. Permltting.ll.46 a.m —EVERY DAY by LA MARGUICRITri for LyANDUD NO BEAUMAILIS, BANGOR and MENAI (with Carnarvon connection week days) due back •, 'A) P.m. and allowing four hours ashore at Llandudno. p.m. every Monday. Friday and Saturday during August by ST. ELVIES for Llandudno and Menai Straits, 4160 Sundays by SNOWDON 11.15 a.m. and ST. ELVIES tt 2.45 p.m. with return connection from Llandudno I:3' La Marguerite. Extra Llandudno sailing. by ST. TUDNO 1•30 a.m., Wednesday 23rd for Llandudno and Holyhead ftlesry Trips 9.15 cm., Sunday 20th and Tuesday 2nd .l ling at Llandudno. Through booking by special trains. Za3' or week-end Fares lit baloon Return Llandudno 51. ZiMal Straits, 6s. 6d. 2nd Saloon Return 3s. 6d. Menai u'tralts 4s. 64. ~.For all further information apply to the Liverpool and -r..orth Wales Steamship Company. United, T, G. Brew, -eoretary. 40, Chapel Street, Liverpool. Tel. 6366. Illustrated , Mde 3d. post free. Through bookings and free conveyance .atweeu Station and Steamer.

LANGLANDS' S kILINGS TO ORE KNOCK AND taLASGOW. p " PRINCRSS LOULSR "OR OT FIER STBAMBIL LIVERPOOL From GLAGSOw renee Dock.) (Berths No. 22.28, North Bile). 874. Aug. 22m1 3 p.m. Sat. Aug. 19th 2 p.m.*4.35 p. m. Aug. 2Sth 7 pm. hurs. Aug. 24th 2 p.m.5.20 p.m. ..."• Aug. 31st 10 p.m. Tues. Aug. 29th 2 p.m.M.35 p.m. ..traln from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). VerPeuißl reduced through tickets from Warringt on, —"lnes etl. 4.SO,ORDINARY FARES FROM LIVERPOOL :—Cabin, Single, Ile ; (valid for two months) las. 6d. Steerage Single,6s. 61. lIETURIV TICIEETS.—(VitIid for 10 days). Cabin •••• ; Steerage Be. 34. M. L ANGLANDS ANT) SONS, 1,4. CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER.. 40. EIImFORD PLACE LIVERPOOL.

DUBLIN, ALSO ENGLISH LAKES. TEDCASTLE LINE. 8.8. " BLACKROCK," " CUMBRIA," " EBLANA," and AMBLA," from SOUTH Side NELSON DOOK, Liverpool 7 Tuesday. Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, to RETURN SALOON, 104.; STBICRAGR, 5g.; Zt,„.11 Ch"la Excursion Tickets EV ERIC SAILING DAY .-illarney, Cork, BRndoran, Bray, Wicklow, &C.. &e. BPECIAI, ROUND SEA TRIP, per "Cumbria," Every Ilaturday, to Whitehaven, giving 3 days for English Lakes enee to Dublin, and back to Liverpool (6 day or within 4tOntlis),

SALOON 20s. 413D19 TEDCAiTI.B, Me.IOIIIIIICK & CO., LTD„ 1,, ‘JOL. Telegrams, " Tedeattle." Telephone 1193.

A. AND J. MTAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND BILYINtsMAYEB, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITEUHAP LIVBRPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-ttreet, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold end Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Propertv of every description. OLD GOLD &ND STLVHR BOUGHT. All ttansections In accordance with Actor Parltscrien Strictest secrecy and stral2htforward dealing combined A CHOICII SHLIIOTION of GRNUINII JRWRI,LHAY, Silver Plate (Antigua and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clocks, Pictures, /0., &co always on Bale. We are now offering some Special BA/MAINS in DIAMOND JRWIILLSKY, LADlliin' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCRRS, ttc.. ttO We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to Inspect our Stook before deciding on their purcha.es. ENQUIRIES BY POSI RIICEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JRWHLLERY IMPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. Carefully Jelectea Stock of GOLD /MOOCHES BRAVELETS, AO. GOLD and SILVER WATCHUS. DEUS and lINGAGEMENT RINGS at prloes to suit all pockets. M'LAINET

RICHMOND OfREET LIVERPOOL.

'Mutation.

CZANDBACH SCHOOL, CHKSHIRE.—Moderate U J Fees. Illustrated Prospectus from Headmtster.

U "s2L, Sc oiLY7 STL 1100 A RODLI GS Os cURTo 01 it Pi? R"Bt ys.i!A. MOST W. HSNDSRSON, M.A. Principal,

ESTIMATES GIVEN YOU EVERY DESCRIPTION OFPRIN TING

EXAMINEE OFFICH, WAHRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
~.:.; ,:,, br '11..,...!. ...:.,,..„..„,. . ~ ~.: . •. ...4 ~, ~ , '.. 6, ,h,,,k: L:. L• • • .., • '.. .... • • k . . \ 441 a ~ . . .. il - 41 ~ ~(..11. \,,, 01 ,!,, nintet ......, .. ...

No 1374 ONE PENNY

"FOR SERVICE, largß WHITE 139 AR, out of 1: Lindsay Queen VII. 12662, by Welton Turk VI. 6609, —MANOR FARM, Weston, Runcorn.

SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1905.

(By ALL TEI LEADING MAKERS)

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBILOKEES, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITRS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAICHES.

SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY ON EVENT DESCRIPTION.

30 ro 50 PER CENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old Gold And Silver Anticline. Dianwn" to.. bmglit or trice° rzrarnge- ffousy advance or, jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate. 20., to any amount at low rates Id Interest string ixicsery guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2061.

By POST}' 73i per Quarter 6s 6d per annum is 9d per Quarter credit

Ontelg, lOporos, Zoarlitnn egtabs.

DUBLI N.—Belvedere Hotel, North George's street ; most moderate In city ; short excursions arranged

QU'RST KIRBY, Chathire.—Claremont. Hoscote Park ; T ola.at Bnarelina Hatabli.hmPnt. —Mr.. M. H. CURTIS.

KILLARNAT.—High-cl m net boardg-house, consentent to Lskes ; terms moderste.—Apply Mrs. mOR(AIITY. 17 New street.

COLVEND, prord.—THE ANCHORAGE. on the Solway; amidst glorious scenery ; gulf, boating, sea bathing; apeefal tsrms for parties.

ASPATRIA. (Cumberland), Grosvenor TIMPEHANUB HOTHL. IPARTBIHNTS. Beautiful Scenery: Plano, moderste terms —Write for resrtienißrs

IHELAND.-lIMBRALD HUTISL. Lower Gardiner et , Dublin; five minutes from cm's-channel boats. Central omfortable, moderate.— Mn. KIPBT. Prowletress.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
gpartments, furnit3'beb 310tt5t5, &r.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
KBOTT BND.—Mrs. S. HOWARTH, Irwell House, Clarence St.. Publie or Private ; near 114.4 rinnO.

QT. ANNES-ON-in.—Apartments, near station.-31ra. 1.3 MFTCALFE, The Laurels, stvphen st.

42041.1t130ROUGH.—One sitting and two bedromns. Terms 13 moderate.—BATEMlN, 22 Lyon et.

IlabfillUr.—Lomf4rtablo APARI ts lo aloo I Board and Lodgings -Mos. 78, Main ,t—Keswick

PBNMABNXIAWR.—a.PARTHISNIS. One eltting.room, two hedronme.; home comforts.—R7vta. Britannia House.

QT, (KS-08-BA.—With or without Board. Batt], Piano. —Mra. NT/CEDER. Ting.wick Villa. St Alban. rd

10LWYN bAY.—Comtnrtable APARTM as vs. sea view \ near Dingle and the woode.—Mrs.livANe. Sunnymount Canning rd.

BLeilatrOUL.—tdre. tkIM.KAW, 2,ltelm,nit Villas,bouth Shore; APAHTlitisridS and Promenade. htamped envelope for reply. HYL —Pnblia or private A.PARThit istiTS ; 3 minute. etstion and sea.—Mrs. IdoxoN, Ashton House , 70 Wellington rd.,

ATLOCLK—FiZtiga erttuy suated thr, ntautea foiDttnitationAPpiAßßTllltit Carr tn et. r: Bank. Matlock.

GIANSIURFA, RHYL—APAIITMEINTS plicate or public! ; good cookmg ; tennis lawn; 3 into. from sea.— DICAPAIV And CLAIM.

MRS. DRARD KS, 45 Light, urne Ikvenue, t. emues-on sPa —Comfortable APARTSIRNTS, one minute from ea and Carltrol't Coont

BLACK.POOL.—CIean hom SNTi ely APARTM ; see view; near tram., fairgrouna. Piano. GOIIERB.LLL, 6, Simpson at., South Shore.

Lai/L.—Homely APARTMIiNTS ; good cooking and It attendance ; board If required ; vacant August 12th.— Mrs. WILLIAMS, 7, Bodin:. at.

I AND UD3o,—Uornfortable APARTMUNT 3, 100 yard i, I j sea; board It required ; terms moderate—Mrs. fiEwHALL Woodland terrace, Craigydon.

fIEthAT YAttrdlitl VW —APARTMENTS. large, airr ; near iburch and rail% ay station. —Mrs. HARDY, 25, Rt. Mary's terrace, rlouthtown.

QCAftl3otit)'.—Superior APAIIIIINNTe. public, or private. kj or borod ; good co )king ; piano ; w.c. ; reference if reenireci.-158. PRDSPEDT RD.

J) 101.111 LAS. LO.M.—Comfort%bie PAtiTSIIsNM, wither without board.—Apply for terms Mrs. C1.1.7C48, 22. Peel rd., nenr Railway Station.

ntiI.FAST.--UOMFORTABLE HOME, from borne ; BogUsh e..)oking ; terms moderate. —Mrs. FERGUEDN, Yountefu Villa, 11 liblversity rd.

SOUT H W .11-f urn i h APARTMENTS. bigbly recommended ; piano; bath ; one minute to promenade and places of amuifrment.-741 LORD ST.

(201.1THPOBT.—Mre. BINGHAM. Linden Terrace. 31 1..) Houghton at., Comfortable APAItniTS two minute from Chapel at., Station. Very central. Plano.

BLAWKPOOL.—APARIMIINTS. with or without Board, flee minutes treat Central Station and Sea; bath and piano. A home away from home. Parties eatered for.—Mrs HARRY STARK'', (from /Lindley lateen), 68, Brdlagtort Road off Central Drive, Blackpool.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
THR LARGEST STOOK OF

PICTURE OVER-MANTELS

IN THE TOWN.

135, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

apartments,lFttrniftrb Octists, etr.

BEAcKPOOL —APAI,ThiIiNTS. Piano.—sdrs. H. HIM. BERSTEY, 50 Charles st., near Talbot rd.Statlon.

TLANDUDRO JUNCTlON.—Pleasant APARTMENTS 14 good centre —Mr.. ROBERrEi, JO, Avallon Avenue.

RHYL.—Comfortable aPA KIM NN lb, beet pos,tion, close to pier and town, kood coking.—Mrs. WADLow, 2 ChurA et.

LACKPOOL.— Homely A PARTMHNTS oppostte rentrat pier; boarders 4s. 6,1 per day. Plano.—Mrs. ORMER3D, 37. York at.

DLACKPOOL —APARTSISSITS.—Mrs. H. K•r, 46, St. .1 Helfer's rd., South Shore. All can stop at Bloomfield Road, close to.

BLACKPOOL.—APAR'i WITS for gentlernen,close to sea end Carl; terms moderate,-14, Sr. HELIER!! ED., out bore. Shore.

‘V EST KIRBY —Well-Furniehed APARTMIINPS ; over looking promenade and lake ; south aspect; moderate. —l4, Vicronta DRIVE.

pRIVATE Nursing Home. Healthy part, Medical, Surgical, Maternity.--EITESE FESTING, 26. Elm Bank Gardent, Barnes.

1)1...IC1POOL, N.—Coy FURNISHED HOUSE to let • from August 29t.h, 425. weeirly.-66 esIiTER Greeaheys, Manchester.

IUIEZIMAEDIMASVR.—DetaebeI !furnishei) Fice : Beal 1 deal° ; beautiful views; good sbady garden.-1. lvddyn up Han.

CLBETHORPES —Comfortable APAEITVHbITS with or without board.—Mr.. CHESTER, 49, Harrington it., New Cleethorpes.

LACHPOOL.—Daiav Bank, 9, Tyldeeler Terrace LI Proreenade.—Publie and Private APAILIMRSTS,terma moderate ; Mn. INGHAM.

ATISITOILS TO LONDON should write for particulars. and V Stßy either at 12, MARYLIIBiItE RD., Baiter 40,, Or 175 Knightsbridge, Hyde Park.

HOLYWELL.—SeIect primte APARTMENTS ; garden; pleasantly situated ; close to Well and church —Mn. Atherton. Stratford House.

fl-ÜBLlN.—Vieltors can hare COSIFORTABLII BID- ROOlll, central ; moderate ; board if required.—fdr. Rocititsow..37, Lower Gardiner at.

HYL (near Marine Lake).—Quiet homely APARTkt - MEINtS ; board ootlonal ntamp reply.—D AVIWIt Sandfield Place. Wood rd.

HYL—Comfortable apartments ; Catholic ; sea ViPV7 ; • close to church; terms moderate. Mrs, FAZLKERLEY, Glencoe, lid ward Henry Street.

CIOMPOIsTABLIi homely APARTMENTS. Plsno. Near ki wool and shore. Also home for baby.—ROBEFITS, The Olives, 9, Park rd., Colwyn Bay.

mISSBS TEALS (from (Watt), South Leigh, Horstorth Avenue, Bridlington Quiy. Five minutes fram Station, Two minutes from Sea. Piano.

D toThiel% Keswiok, umrlnd.pf. .1.4 HEM'S to Let. Bosrd or otherwise. Bstb. Terms moderste.—Mrs. HARRIBON, 24 Blenostbra st.

COMFORTABLEI APARMIBITTS. country, Vale of Vaa- gollen ; beautiful scenery; close to etation.—Mrs. WILLIAMS, Cromwell-terrace, (tarn, near Llangollen.

r LANDCDNO.—TO LET facing sea, FUItNISHBD IA HOUSE, 4 entertaining, 8 bedrotrna: moiern eon- veniences.—tatlLY WAREING, 17, Cralg-v-don, Parade.

XTEw BRIGHTON 2 min, from Pier and Promenade; 1.1 ciaan comfortable Apartments, private or public ; gocd cookinx ; moderate.—ARDFOYMS noun, Tollemscbe at.

GAY OSTEND. 6 days £2 7a. 6ct. Includes lit clue travel, meal. and hotel. Illustrated handbook of 5.3 tours poet free. A. I. Toufts, 3), Trinity sq., Tower London, B.C.

A PARTHENrS in farmhouse. Two sitting rooms, three br.droorns ; one double bedroom. Trap and pony. Beautiful scenery, two miles from Amlwch and Bull Bay.- 1 BOMA., Tynton, Bhogybol, libolgoeth. Anglesey.

VORFOLH. COAST.—Ansidst pine woods aLd sea air. Guepts received thronshout the year. Own grounds ot many Acres —write Mrs. BROWNE, Ths Pines, lielarle Haiti Holt. Norfcik.

BLACKPOOL HOW TO BRE IT.— coNsula CALVERT'S REGISTER. TARA A FURNI4HED HOUSE. Send particulars of autommodation required; locality, and about weekly rent. Also Apartments Houses to let and to be told, unfurnished. Mortgages negotiated. J. Hntrax CALvERT. House and Estate Agent, 3 Talbot Chambers, Blackpool.

Iflotor Cars,CPtlts, Q.arrtaQtl ttc

T ADY'S and (r)3NTi' Free Wheels. never ride n, £;. 51 each.—Tiktr„ 15 Goldimitn road. Acton, W.

FPURNOUT for SALE. Victoria Phaeton, Che.tnut Cob eilver-mountei Harnese.— 17, BOOTHROYDEN,

VICTORIA, Cockshoot'a build, fair condition ; £2O; caa V he eeen from 9to 11 a.m.—Dr. ILDELITOY, Fair- fiel& Minch,eiter.

ON 5a1.14, two WAGGON= [KS to carry PS and 23; with loose covers ; in Rood Condltlon.—Boac' CARRIAGE Uo., Heaton lane, Stockport.

rro BE SOLD. cheap, 16 Tram Car BODIES; ZO) tram 1_ SEATS, imitable for crickPt fields, etc.—JOSEPH Bria.ocir, Hindley Tram Depot, Wigan.

UST SELL,BI: nearly flew Gents' and Lady's CYOLR3 as new from 35.. t, es 101.; Motor Cycle. 3/ or near offers ; 2 rim. q. w. ao,led 2 Speeds. open Frame. Wheel Steering. £55 —,AYNLITFE. 115 a. Church at, Preston.

1-?AitnAlN.—Gent's High-vrade Coventry Machine. per- fectly new, not soiled ; best tyres and tubes ; plated rims, tree srbeel, rim brake. gas lamp, and accessories ; sac,ifice, £3 19s. 6d.; approval willingly.—T. HUSBAND, Clairgrove House, Ashoombci rci.. Weston-super-Mere.

CYCLB for Disposal, gent's high-grade machine, as new:- not soiled, free wheel, rim brake, plated rims, pact: matic tyres. mud guards, gas lamp, and all accessories; genuine bargain, £4 4a. cash. lowest ; approval willingly.— K. OD& Waveney Villa, Beech Road, Weston-super-Mare.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
STARTLING FACT.-GENUINE OFFER.

Cash. per month Royal Falcon Cycles £6 10s. or £7 10s. at Bs. Royal Falcon Cycles £8 Bs. ~ £9 9s. ~ Bs. Royal Falcon Cycles,2 speed gear £8 lUs. „ £9 10s. „ Bs. Rudge-Whitworth Standard £7 15s. „£8 15s. „ Bs. Rudge-Whitworth Specials £lO 0. ~ £ll Os „ Ss. Swims Specials £7 15s. „ 15s. „ Bs. Sunbeam Royale £l6 16s. ~ £l7 17s. ~ 15s NOTE --CRALLINOR OFFERS TO ALL BUYERS 01,' CYCLES by deferred payments that in case of slckritss or out of work payments may be suspended. NO COLLECTORS EMPLOYED. NO SELLING OF ACCOUNTS TO MONEY L§NDERS AND 01:1111185. -

DEAL ONLY WYTH CHALLINOB, 100-102 BRADSHAW GATE BOLTON. BELLING AGENTS WANTED

LISTS PEER.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
SELF CURE Iso FICTION

MARVEL UPON MARVEL I NO SUFFERER NEED NOW DUSPAIR. but without running • doctor's bill or felling Into the deep ditch of quackery. may safely, speedily' and economically cure himself without the knowledge of a seoond party. By the hattoductlon or the New French Remedy THEINAPION, a complete revolution has beea wrought in this department of medical sciecce. whilst thOuxands have been restored to health and happiness who for years previously had been merely dragging out miserable existence. _

' rpinotspios No. 1. in a remarkably short time. often a a few days only. removes all discharges from the urinary Organs, effectually superseding i ejections. the use of which does irreparable harm by laying the foundation of strtcture land other serious disease..

rrHISHAPIOII No. 2.- for Impurity of the blood, scurvy. 1, pimples, spots. blotches, pains and swellings of the jotots. seoondary symptoms, gout, rheumatism, and •all diseases for which it has been too much a fashion to eraplOV mercury, sarsaparilla lc., to the destruction of the Sufferer's teeth and ruin of health. ibis preparation puriflui tie whoa system through the and thoroughly eliminates all poisonous matter from the body. MHIIRAPION No. 3. for nervous exhaustion dissipation, sleeplessness, and tX3/3111, residence in hot untiesithy climates, dm. It possesses surpr sing power in restoring I health and strength to the debilitated. THEEA, PloN may be procured at Es. 94. and 44.6 d. per Waage, post fres azdy address in the United !One- , dom by sending Postal Order to Mr. E. Jostraois, 43,Holford Square, WO. ff doubtful as tai no. or Thmtplon reciof red send stamped addressed envelope for free pamphlet Purchasers should ob.eivo thit the word " THRRAPLOSe p pears on the Government stamp (in white letters on a red grounds, affixed to every genuine package by order of His Majesty's Hon. Commissioners, and without which it is i• forgery.

LET THEP BESS PRINTING

===== 0002601_19050819_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
IN ALL ITS BRANCHES.

AT TEE

===== 0002601_19050819_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
6 THE M•EI iXASIINER" PRINTING OFFICE.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGALL'S Patent SELF-RAISING FLOUR INIO. I _ _

PIZASDION 1"-rn DELICIOUS) TOD CUS NUTRITIOUS POWDER Requires onl/ half the usual quantity oftnilk to make a perfect custard without eggs. 1 In 3 flavours. All Grocers and Stores. 6d. n

===== 0002601_19050819_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Duke of Richmond and his Seats.—The Prince and Princess of Wales will spend the most of the remain- , lug time in Scotland, before their departure for India, • and the Prince will, next month, be the guest of the, Duke of Richmond at Gordon Castle, for a few days salmon fishing on the Spey. Gordon Castle is one of the largest houses in Scotland, with a huge square ' tower in the centre, but it is not kept up inith all the splendour of former times. or even is Goodwood Park, where the Duke recently entertained the King and Queen, and a large circle of guests for race week. Both his Sussex and Banffshire seats are expensive 'places to keep up,and the Duke of Richmond is not as fortunately placed as many of his fellow peers, whcse property in ; London or urban districts has so greatly increased in 'value, as to more than compensate for reduced agricul- tural rents. It was no doubt because of the pressure of reduced rents that the Duke sold the line family mansion in London, which is now occupied by a South African millionaire.

The spelling and Pronunciation of Family Names.— Coke is one of the many family names that are spelt one way and pronounced another. It is always pronounced "Cook." There is, however, not so much variance in this as there is in many other surnames, such as Choi- mondley, which becomes Chumley ; Colquhon, Coboon : Marjoribanks, Marchbanks; Carew, Cairy ; Buchan, Buckan ; Claverho use, Claverse ; Abergavenny, Aber- genny ; and so forth. The list might be extended indefinitely, though why people should take a pride in pronunciations so hopelessly at variance with spellings, is not very obvious, in view of the fact that the custom no doubt originated for much the same reason that the street hawkers' cry of "old clothes" is turned into "ole do." Mark Twain once inquired _why such a logical people as we claimed to be should tolerate such an anomaly, but he was told that it must be much on the same principle that made" Samuel Clemens " sound the same as if it were spelt" Mark Twain." Practical Philanthrophy.—Lady St. Helier, until recently Lady Jeune is giving up her town and country establishments, and intends in the future to devote most of her time to the welfare of the poorer classes. She has sold Arlington Manor, in Berkshire, where she and the late Lord St. Helier used to entertain a great deal, and is also giving up her house in Harley street. Lady St. Helier has often written striking articles on the social problems of the moment and has always been deeply interested in charitable and philanthropic under- takings for the benefit of the poor. Even in her husband's lifetime she was well known in the East End of London, and has now taken a house in one of the I poorest anl busiest parts of the metropolis, where she proposes to carry on her work for the improvement relevation of the poorest classes. Lady St. Helier be- lieves thoroughly in the doctrine that if you want a thing done, you must do it yourself, and she is showing I in a very practical way that she is in earnest in her efforts to better the condition of the poor and uncared for.

The Picture Post Card.—At no time of the year does the picture post card play a more useful part than during the holiday season. No doubt its popularity depends to some extent upon its frivolity, as many people spend a great deal of their time in hunting out and purchasing cards with satirical suggestions relating to the hobbies or weaknesses of their friends to whom the cards are sent. It is a harmless way of providing fan for the breakfast table, but the great merit of the picture card is, that it enables us to keep on good terms with our friends with out making a burden of one's correspondence. The old-fashioned letter of several pages closely written, and crossed, has in fact almost disappeared, except perhaps amongst the community of old maiden aunts. With the great majority of people the picture card serves sufficiently for all epistolary requirements, and our thanks are due to the person who tint invented this very useful means of saving us time and trouble, About Luggage.—The holidays are making it very clear that, as a nation, we have still further improved in the matter of luggage. The battered tin box is an item of the past, neat leather portmanteaux, or Glad- stone bags of wicker covered in canvas, having taken its place. Then there are the useful expanding wicker baskets, into which an almost incredible amount of clothing can be packed. Elaborately fitting dressing bags are rarely seen nowadays, the unfortunnte owners having discovered that the majority of the fittings are more or less useless, and that when packed such a bag requires a man and a boy to lift it. The Safest Place in a Train.—With the holiday season in full swing, there is usually not much choice as re- • gards any particular seat in a train. The carriages are so crowded that it is usually a case of getting in where one can, and there is no opportunity to consider which is the safest seat on the train. The question, however, is often asked by travellers, and an expert gives it as his opinion after careful calculation, that the safest place is in the middle of the last car but one. There are some risks he says which are the same in every part of the train, but others which are less at this particular spot. It is not of course always possible to pick and choose, but those who are nervous about rail- v;aytravelling might bear in mind that a centre seat is safer than a corner one and so also is a centre com- partment, as compared with the end compartment of a car._ _ .

Flowers Fashionable.—Corsage bouquets are worn all :day by smart society women, the morning " knot " being small and simple, that donned in the afternoon 'being larger and more elaborate, while the evening corsage bouquet is of truly generous proportions, and most exquisitely arranged. During the past few weeks, the sweet pea has been the favourite flower,indeed there has been an absolute craze for it, but its place is now beiag taken by the carnation, and gardenia. The Craze for White.—This has been a white summer, and there are not wanting signs that it will be a white autumn and in all probability a white winter too. At the moment, white cloth serge, alpaca and hopsack, are enloying an almost unprecedented demand, costumes built of these fabrics being usually either trimmed with strappings of the same, motifs of white silk passe- menterie, or very narrow gold braid. The last-named is of course the most effective, but for wear at the sea- side, it is not to be recommended as it tarnishes so quickly. The bolero description of coat is perhaps first in favour, but the little sac and reefer varieties are much worn. The long redingote is very smart looking when worn by tall, slender women, but only this type should indulge in this particular garment. Autumn Millinery.—The French sailor, in Dunstable straw, panama, or felt is having a great vogue. A neat band of velvet, or a twisted silk scarf is the us‘al trimming, the hat being tilted well forward over the face, and finished of at the back with a pair of wings. Those among us who are desirous of postponing the purchase of new millinery should go catefully over hats and toques, remove all faded and crushed trim- mings, and add a touch of velvet, and where suitable, wings. Birds and ospreys, will strictly be avoided by all those women who regard the fashion from a humanitarian point of view. BIADGE.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FORESIGHT _OF JAPAN.

The admirable faculty of the Japanese for making pro- vision for the future event never has been more strikingly illustrated than in the care which they are taking to make themselves acquainted with the methods of our fishermen on the Dogger Bank. Mr. Kata is the name of the Japanese official to whom this inspection of our fisheries is entrusted, and the main motive of the inspection is said to be that the Japanese may be able to make the best possible use of the island of Saghalien as a fishing station so soon as it falls completely under their control ; for the purpose of a fishing station it is said to be admirably adapted. That it will fall into the absolute possession of Japan is an event that the Japanese themselves evidently do not doubt. At the same time, it is very doubtful whether many people in the West would have so much provision as thus to study the arts of peace in preparation for the time when the 'arts of war may be abandoned in their favour.— Country Life."

The Corporation of Glasgow never fails to make good rise of its balances. and with over £77,000 to the good, £287,437 has been expended in meeting interest on capital, paying income-tax, Parliamentary expenses, etc., besides making the annual payment to the fund "known as the Common Good, a term which explains itself.

The Weather.

For all weathers

Van Houton's Cocoa

is an ideal beverage,

Refreshing,

Invigorating.

A Cocoa you can Enjoy.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

THE EMPME COAT.

The revival of the Empire coat has been quite one of the events of the summer. No one ex- pected it, but now it has arrived everybody wants it, while the fact that it is not to be found among the ready-made wraps very considerably enhances its desirability in the eyes of the Not that there is anything seriously complicated in the construction of the Empire coat: but wherever there is an emphatic line, more especially one with any reference to the waist, there is a certain amount of individual fitting, necessitated. And fitting is just the one detail the manufacturers, who turn out things by the gross, cannot contemplate. This is why, and the whole and solo reason why, the close-fitting back still hangs fire, and the loose sacque pursues the even tenour of its wearisome way. Apparently a firm stand has been made by the whole modistic fraternity against being trammelled in the slightest degree over the vogue, since, apart from the short-waisted outline, the most un- orthodox revers, collars, or absence of both, to- gether with positively outrageous sleeves, are not merely permissible but form a distinctive momento of the hour. YOUNG GIRL'S FROCK.

This exceedingly simple yet smart little frock was worn by a pretty girl of about sixteen. It was carried out in a red-and-white checked zephyr. The blouse fastened behind, and the material was laid in deep folds over the shoulders, narrowing slightly towards the waist. The folds were ornamented and kept in place with French knots worked in black. The sleeves were pleated in at the shoulder, and the material arranged in folds below the elbow, and trimmed like the biota*, with French knots. The full

skirt was eased in at the waist, and trimmed at the hem with two flat folds of the material. The neck and wrists were finished with a dainty collar and cuffs of broderie Anglaise ; and a scarf of black silk was worn,which was passed through large buttonholes in the front of the blouse. A belt of white kid completed this charming frock.

, •-i-, .:-.A, 17. i. :k . •*.: ;4 ..,.."........„ I f1.1.V.'-111, ,-.41.4,1 4 tr; •le r V ,4F-ASk 11/ F , e 4 ..,7 1;vrr.,.......__.m.. ~..,...ma, i \ •I ..,, ,at,, ,:ce\ _• , [ 11714_ 1 1 , i IF . . 'w• ‘011,4% t; t• 01. ' ' " 1' S" "hirMilMS*iii ~,'-111M1 4,.. --•=,,lp- _ „Ira ~. A.......... • , •

===== 0002601_19050819_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. ALMERIC PAGET.

Fate has a funny way of tempering her favours with drawbacks. Her latest victim is Mrs. Almeric Paget, who came into an enor- mous fortune not long aglb and who purposed entertaining on a very large scale this season. Scarcely had she made her plans when she was laid up with a very serious illness, at one time believed to be of the nature of diphtheria. Fortunately she so far recovered as to ho able to have one or two parties early in the season, but her doctors said she would have to go away for a rest as soon as possible. She determined to remain in town till practically the end of the season before going abroad. Hitherto Mrs. Almeric Paget has had her fair share of luck. She is a very handsome woman with a fine car- riage; in tact, a typical American beauty, full of energy and vivacity, and a very clever and entertaining talker. Her father, the gossips say, left about £10,000,000, and of this I am told she takes a tenth share in her own right. Her husband, too, is now a wealthy man though in his early days he was not overburdened with this world's goods.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
A SHAWL CAPE.

The subject of our illustration is a pretty Cos- tume, consisting of a shawl cape worn with a skirt to match. These shawl capes are very graceful, and are cut to resemble a shawl. For present wear, we would suggest a loosely-woven canvas cloth in a rather light shade of brown. The cape reaches to below the knees in front, and behind it is cut to a point, and reaches to about, the waist line. It is outlined with three rows of brown ribbon velvet, graduating in

width, and the collar is also faced with brown velvet. The fronts of the cape are left open a few inches, to shew the pretty cream lace blouse worn beneath. Two ornamental fastenings of brown silk braid just hold the cape in position. The deep belt should be of brown silk exactly matching the material. The full skirt flows in graceful lines to the hem, and is trimmed with three rows of ribbon velvet. TAKE CARE OF YOUR DIGESTION.

Girls who want to be attractive and who con- sider an attractive body an essential for a woman, begin by making themselves healthy. In- stead of working on their ccmplexions they work upon their digestion, knowing that as soon as the digestive organs are in good shape the com- plexion will ,take care of itself. As soon as the stomach is properly fed, the blood will be healthier and the skin will glow with the bril- liancy of youth.

, :01 ' , ,0 1 11) 7 IV 41 I 1 \\ 1 r : 111/ i• . I .' ' i , \\, i ?/ 1:1 it ''''' ' \ •/, ' • i / 41 i _.r'''.4oo°!‘ \,...1.,1r: . '- • eslikvotolgaii— .. ': ' ...,,-, ~ - , .-‘ 1. - AI- ;.!idisigisiginkt. ..fO.- • - .i I i

===== 0002601_19050819_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAT'S RECIPi.

MEDALLIONS A LA CAVENDISIL—Pound about 12oz. of scraped, fresh whiting, add 3oz. of butter, 4oz. of panada, 2 whole eggs, and the yolks of two others. When the ingredients are well mixed, rub through a fine wire sieve and mix with half a gill of very thick cream, a tablespoonful of passed lobster spawn, and pepper and salt to taste. Spread the fish on a buttered saute-pan, cover it with a greased paper, and cook it in a moderate oven until it is firm to the touch. When the fish is quite cold, cut it into pieces with a round cutter, mask them with chaudfroid sauce made with the re- duced 'jailor from the fish bones, season nicely. and colour pink with passed lobster spawn. Put a round piece of truffle on the centre of *ach, and dish them on a border of aspic jelly. Garnish the centre with scallops of lobster rnized with thick liliMCO% • Warmie...n

===== 0002601_19050819_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
'ALL SPOILED HUSBANDS-AND ,

(Author of " Sooty," " 7e Jesters," se.).

uoa nusband is " born not made," even as is the poet, and like most good things he is rare. Unfortimately, too, he is seldom success- fully meted. Any observant looker-on at the domestic unities will have noticed that an exemplary, patient and moral man is invariably attached to a shrewish, impetuous, and exactig woman ! That one of high intellectual gifts has for a mate a foolish or wordly-minded person to whom the material things of life ap- peal more than the intellectual. Again a modest and contended disposition is frequently allied to a restless and ambitious one, thus seeming to prove that man and woman are attracted by the very opposite qualities to those they individually possess. _ . .

Marriage is a veritable lottery. Its prizes are few in cmparison with its blanks. The poetic theory of the twin souls rarely outlasts the engagement stage. Every week of every month of the trst year of marriage is a stage of disillusion—cm attempt to re-adjust ideals and ideas to the hard, cold prose of every-day existence to reconcile the devoted; patient, all perfect lover to the mere ordinary man, who flies into an ordinary human rage if breakfast is late—if his razor has proved inefficient—or his morning paper is not on the table, and bills— are ! Divided by a great gulf indeed ore the romance and passion of love from the common- place exactions of marriage.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
WREN THE YOKE GILLS.

-It is hard to believe, but it is a fact. There- fore to ensure something like content and happi- ness in the marriage state it is better to chose a companion whose tastes and temper suit your own ; who has something -better than mere personal charm, or physical beauty, on which to depend. There are some fitted by nature tt, bear the yoke of matrimony, and there are others to whom it never can and never will Ira anything but a yoke—a burden—a harass—an irritant. From the first moment they realise bondage instead of freedom, exactions and obli- gations instead of latitude, they grow restive, and their wives have a bad time of it. The wise woman recognises this sense of restiveness, and instead of opposing,. yields to it as far as pos- sible. It is not so much a question of the latch- key and the club as it is of the non-inteiference with certain habits that have become second nature—the ceasing to impose restrictions when they chafe and annoy and are really not re- quired. It would be well for women to re- member that men in their anti-married state have been accustomed to perfect freedom : a certain lawless liberty of action. They cannot at once give up their habits—and this sense of freedom. And, indeed, why should they be expected to do so? Taken sensibly and with good humour, the so-called " liberty " often shows itself very harmless if it is not interfered with. Above all it enables a woman to demand the same for her- self. She recognises that her husband has a life apart from the dual obligations of marriage —and by such recognition renders home a pleasant retreat—an agreeable interlude. Such a wife proves herself a good comrade—and an intelligent companion, and as the years go on they bring her a rich reward. It is not unusual to hear one woman say to another "Oh ! you spoil your husband ! I wouldn't let mine do such and such a thing !" Such a remark is sufficient guarantee of that household. It is eloquent of hen-pecking, squabbles—disagreements, and—most vital of all—the struggle for mastery which too often embitters home-life, and estranges hearts that once vowed love, honour, and truth to each other.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BIT, THE CURE, IRE BEARING REIN.

There are many inen who are spoilt as hus- bands by the mere fact of being tied down to discipline and bonclac.e. There are others who are all the better for °being taken in band by a strong mid capable wife, mid taught the true meaning of duty and responsibility. But with that curious evidence of Some marplet at work with human fate, rarely do these cases unite. The husband who requires managing invariably falls to the lot of the one woman in the world incapable of understanding his necessity—and the man who has no talent for domestic life or need of it, takes to himself a shrew or a fury who makes of that life a hideous travesty of what it ought to be, and would be in different and more capable lianas ! The extraordinary number of ill-matched couples one daily meets, makes one wonder where the real attraction of marriage lies? What sudden' and injudicious frenzy induces people to rush into an alliance that—in a very few years —proves to be unsuitable. How is it they are so blind before—so keen-sighted after- wards ? And why, also, is it that a woman is so unutterably foolish as not to appreciate a man who has burdened himself with her welfare and support, when he might be a free-mid-easy and. irresponsible bachelor ! Who is kind—and good-tempered and generous —but who has a few human faults as well—and does not ap- preciate their perpetual se-capitulation. Why do so many women spoil men even as they spoil horses by too lavish use of spur and whip and bearing rein? Why do they exact so much, and yet show so little gratitude for what needs no exaction! The proverb says "A young man married is a man that's marred," and in nine cases out of ten this is true, for to often a young man marries in haste and in hot-headed passion the very woman who in later years -he would never dream of making his wife. Again in early marriages, the young man invariably gives in to his wife in everything. Thus—when years of sense and disillusion come upon him, he is bound hand and foot. A weak slave to an unsparing tyrant—who never can be brought to recognise her tyranny, but takes rule as her right and is never happier than when making the man he should honour appear a fool in the eyes of her friends. Here, indeed, is a spoiled husband who will never perhaps get a chance of proving what grit is really in his nature—and would have shown itself under 'different circumstances.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MABRIAGE OF SONVENIENCH.

But as there are many husbands spoiled by tyranny and selfishness so there are also mmi- bers ruined by weakness, over-petting, and over-consideration ; to whom the wife is an abject slave—a creature to use and abuse as the fancy takes them—the servile ministrant to domestic comfort—a part of the goods and chattels of the house; never considered, never appreciated, and only missed because of her uses. Men of this disposition merely marry for their own convenience. They are incapable of a true, unselfish devotion, and the more a woman yields the more they exact. It is an odd fact that their wives never seem to realise the actual Selfishness of such husbands as these, but are quite content to slave for them, pamper them, study their every wish and martyrize their own bodies and souls in an Unthankful service.

If the dance of life could only bring about a change of partners as does the last figure of the Lancers, what a delightful and unexpected re- adjustment of evils there would be ! The mild, sweet-tempered man might secure the gentle, self-saciilicing wife ot the tyrant ! The shrewish, imperative • lalanan find herself confronted by e exacting and selfish Benedict. Intellect —and mental appreciation of its possessor, might clasp hands in blissful content. Bril- liatte anti homeliness—wit and beauty—purity and chivalry—meet on neutral ground and take each their metal of human favour and compre- hension. For it is just the lack of comprehen- dioll that spoils so many lives. The inability to Understand ; to be patient with faults and kind to virtues. • The unpardonable offence of a blow to vanity —a sneer at defects—personal or mental, hare created wider havoc amongst the domesticities, -tt hie than even ill-usnge. A woman too often fed on flatteries by the lover to pardon the blunt truths of the • husband. Site cannot understand that having once been per- fect in his eyes, she should ever cease to possess perfection. His one unpardonable sin is com- mitted when he points out her defects instead of magnifying her good qualities. But, indeed, most men are equally vain with respect to their own virtues—and just as susceptible to flattery as a woman. There is, however, this dif- ference between their relative positions in , life. A man mixes with his fellow man early onongh to guage his own worth by their ap- proval. If his vanity or his weaka.e.Js persona, uener m filmset, tire narotien lay und.e appreciation from his wife, his content is often rudely disturbed by the harsher criticism of his fellows. In the rough and tumble battle of life there is an excellent cawing ground Lot

===== 0002601_19050819_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
-

conceit. has a man gifts of person—ability— wit business capacity shrewdness even genius, so have others—many others. Let no man say to himself his place in the world can never be filled, his mark on its crowded pages never obliterated. " That which bath been shall be," says the wise preacher. Clear brains —wise minds—noble virtues—cunning inven- tions—the discoveries of Science—the • achiev- molts of Art—all have been even as all shall be. What is new under the suit? Only the in- dividual belief born anew in each new-born. human soul. Only the conviction that love marriage, success, honour, or, wealth,: is to each fresh claimant a more potent factor in the making of happiness than to any ,previous .human. entity.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
"'ACT AND SYMPATHY.

The paths of Fate are narrow, and circum- scribed. If two people choose one path and expect to walk abreast they speedily discover its limits. One of the twain must be pushed aside, or give place, or be left behind in the march. Sometimes the separation is but tem- porary. But very oftcn, it is long and lasting; bred of disagreement and intolerance ; the escape of a prisoner eager foi freedom—not the temporary giving place to a companion of the road.

Alas ! that, as the result of selection, such companionship should be so rare! That married life is too often a spoiled—patched—or harmful state and condition, instead of an evidence of happy union. That love so seldom mates with comprehension of itself. Of its infinite possi- bilities, desires, and exactions. That even genius of high order has left records of miseraole husbands—and misunderstood wives ! And this • because tact mid sympathy and comprehension have been lacking in either nature ; for apart even from love and devotion these qualities are of inestimable value. If they were joined to the love or devotion, perhaps the• marriage state would become too perfect for mere ordinary humanity! Something at once unspoilable and unspoilt.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR NOTES.

1 The Automobile Club is to be congratulated. Barely two months had elapsed since the South Harting Hill Climb took place before the handicap results were worked out and published. It is true that nobody is particularly interested in the matter, for the winners of each class were declared at the time whilst the actual times made by each car were withheld then as now, so that none of us are really much the wiser for the elaborate table which has just been given to the world. But, nevertheless, we are all greatly obliged to the Club for the trouble it has taken in the matter, and those of the competitors who have not disposed of their vehicles in order to buy more op-to-date cars will doubtless be gratified by seeing them mentioned, even though the real fact they may have wished to ascertain still remains a sealed mystery.

The Auto-Cycle Club, whose unique methods of arranging competitions for its members have already added considerably to the gaiety of nations, started thirty-one riders upon a six days' reliability trial, last Monday, and under circumstances which fully sustained its reputation in the matter of organisation. Ordinary traffic was entirely obstructed, bewildered officials, irate competitors, indignant pedestrians and noisily running engines all combining to make Down-street, Piccadilly, anything but a desirable locality during the half-hour's unexplained delay which preceded the start. Con- sidering that the competitors taking part in these trials pay a heavy fee for the questionable privilege, they surely have the right to expect that some effort at order will be made, and that organisation will at least be up to the standard always maintained by the Motor Cycling Club whose events are invariably so carefully controlled although all its officials are honorary.

A terrible fatality has occurred during the competition for the Ilerkomer Trophy, a Continental event in which England contributed a team. In round- ing a corner, we are told, one of the cars dashed into and killed two little children who had beet: obscured from the driver's view by an immense cloud of dust. In consequence of this, the German Automobile Club immediately issued a rule forbidding any competitor to take a corner at more than twenty miles an hour, under pain of disqualification. This regulation would be more reassuring if we wee told how every corner is to be protected, who is to decide between a "corner" and a curve," and how the time keeping and speed judging is to be accomplished.

This accident, of course, is but another illustration of the criminal folly of allowing high-speed contests upon any high road, and the sooner such are absolutely prohibited the better for the sport and the industry as well. But a word of warning with regard to taking corners and curves under ordinary circumstances will not be out of place here. A good driver always slows down for these and also de-clutches. He slows down because he cannot tell what is on the further side of I that corner nor how he may be involved even though he take his turn on his right side, and he de-clutches because, otherwise the pull upon his tyre is tremendous since a dragging sideways strain is thus added to the driving one. fyres are in themselves sufficiently unreliable and short-lived without their brief existence being still further curtailed by poor driving, and motorists will do well to bear this in mind.

Motorists will be interested to note that suspension wheels were fitted to the winning car in the race over the Ardennes Circuit. Undoubtedly, these are, by far, the stronger type, as we have so constantly pointed out in this column; but public prejudice has long favoured those of the "artillery" pattern. In this matter, indeed, the makers have been guilty of a step backwards, for the early motor cars seen in this country were always fitted with "wire" wheels, and it was certainly a retro- grade movement to adopt the wooden substitutes. With the exception of the Humberette, the Rover, and one or two other small cars, and the Lanchester in the large car class, artillery wheels have been universally used, but the appearance of two successful racers equipped with the mechanically correct type, coupled with the recollection of more than one fatal accident directly attributed to the collapse of the wooden wheels, may be the means of influencing a return to the suspen- sion pattern.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LEGEND OF WINWICK.

A Probable Explanation.

anTdhiverefroclulorwy Lnginathppeeacrosuirnsethoef a"nLairvteirepleooolul?,asiulyrviPvionsgt Superstitions " : Three miles on this side of Warrington stands the ancient Winwick Church. On the west side of the tower, some thirty or forty feet from its base, there is a roughly-carved pig. Now the good people of that dis- trict claim that King Oswald fell and died not at Oswestry, but at Winwick. Is not his honoured name also perpetuated in that of the present rector, Canon Oswald Penrhyn ? The legend goes that, desiring to erect a church to the memory of the Christian King on the spot where he fell fighting against the Pagan King Penda, A.D. 642,the people began to collect hewn stones. But every morning the stones already placed there ready for the foundations were found to have been moved during the night several yards away. This continued for a week or so. One night a watch was kept, and a pig was observed rolling the heavy stones, and as he went he grunted " Win-wick, Win-wik I" Hence the name of the village and also the caning on the tower. The people felt that the pig had been inspired to show them the true spot where Oswald fell. The truth of the matter, however, is probably found in the fact that it was customary in early times, in order to avert the anger of the gods and to insure the safety of the building, to wall up a i living human being n the foundations with other offer- ings. In process of time a live animal was substituted, also with offerings. To-day we place under the founda- tion-stone a bottle of wine and coin of th. 9 realm. The latter is our offering, and the wine, spilled on the breaking of the bottle, represents the spilling of human or animal blood. In small buildings an old horseshoe is sometimes laid in the wall for luck, or a piece of money hidden in the mortar for the same reason.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
t.eptolaxa POR 'JANES AND 0H1"

THEY GROW ALWAYS HAPPY AND WELL

Little sicknesses that disturi happy lives of juveniles ner the -gentlest treat- ment by thoughtful mothers. A perfect , medicine should not make baby fretful, and in this Peptolaxa ._ there is a smile in every dose. Mrs. Craws' Church-street, Dewsbury. writes in proof "My little daughter Mary, nine years, has suffered terribly from Costiveness and Nervousness since her birth. At night-time she would start and cry in her sleep ; she grew so nervous that she would not leave me, She was pale and thin. I tried every kind of 1 medicine without success. A few Peptolaxa tablets I regulated her bowels, and now she enjoys perfect rest at night,, and regularity. Since a naeprpveotuistneess has disappeared, and LaTcitronu BA errsTs V. S'enETroN AND APPLETON. stb iing an 00 s c eee rt f:1 ale xea a l thenit de excellent a p p y . ~ —Played at Latchford, and resulted in a win for the dispels Peptolaxathe youngest infant; it home team by 86 runs. Stretton batted first, and were Isyhnbeyss and stomach troubles, dismissed for 27 runs. Conway and Cliffs each taking Teething without Tears; Schoddays without. Sickness. 4 wickets. For Latchford, Wilkirson was top scorer Free sample on request from Dr. Williams' Medicine with a well hit 33. whilst Cliff e, Lester, and Callon also indigestion.is aken f reeve:), Co.. Holbern.viadaet, London. Sold at is. lld. at all reached double figures. Stretton, 27; Latchford' 113, branches of Boots', Cash Clie:nists. I

Total

Total

,Loßees i• ii . i ;e. 4, :b ed the i "‘lkeettisilakr° W' t , 1 - excels, for ;haw, 26

===== 0002601_19050819_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

First Division.

WARRINGTON' V. ST. HELEN'S RECREATION .-At War- rington. Score :

ST. HELENS. WARRINGTON. Gregory b Mason H. Burrill b Mason H err bas Mon _H. K _. ._1 12 P.. 8. Hawtin st Burrill

W. Shaw la Mason 0 b Gregory 9 J. Crossley b Mason 0 A. Thewls b Gregory... 3 W Southword b Podinore 9 J. W. Bibby h Shaw ... 1 T. Ainge lbw b Podmore 4 Mason b Gregory W. Slocumbe b Podmora 5 W. Richardson b Shaw 2 J. Addison b Podmore ... 0 J. Thompson b Kerr lB J. E. Walker lbw b Pod- W. Hind c Crossley b MOTO 4 Gregory 2 G. Gray not out . Gregory 2 G. Thomgson not out 10 W. Bennett b Gregory 9 Extras

Total 7O Total 77 BOWLINC ANALYSTS. ST. HELENS RECS. WARRINGTON. • o. M. R. Mr. O. M. R. W. Mason W. Bennett 12 5 14 0 Shaw l7 6 20 3 W. H. Podmore 5 0 17 5 Herr 3 1 9 1

STANLEY V. NF.WTON-LE-WILLOWS.—At Lower Arkles- lane. Score : NEWTON-LE-IV ILT,OWS. STANLE Y. E. M. Howson c Holmes b Makepeace c Towers b Moore Miller b 0 T. N. Smyth c Pendry 19 Moore . Husband c Lightfoot b Cooke 2 b Moore 9 B. Gleig c Husband b . Cooke b Taylor 23 Howson 1 . Pendry c Makepeace B. Sharp 1) Howson b Moore • 3 S. G. Moore c Pendry fl. R. Ilindley b Moore 11 1) Cooke 6 T. Williams run out W. Rylance b Taylor 3 b Cooke 0 R. Carson not out J. Hatton c Lightfoot b J. G. Taylor not out 8 Taylor H. Towers b Taylor H. Holmes b Dowson 5 T. B. Wilson b Howson 0 Extras

J. G. T. J. 1

===== 0002601_19050819_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
. . ti •IjrAl .54 z * • kk r' u, 4 , • • *;., • ;7. I.:" *kr,

CRICKET.

_ Total 181

Total ll4

Total 42

.:e,:1!'':,,',.7..;.,:4::.,:-,,',.,..

Extras l4

Total

NEWTON 11. V. STANLEY 11.—At Newton-le-I'4%ll°re on Saturday. Score :

STANLEY. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. A. Scroggie b Porter 3 W. Singleton St A. Coutts b Porter 0 Andrews b Sharp ... 13 J. Scroggie b Porter 0 C. Porter b Atkinson 14 H.Farrell b Porter 9 W. V. Turton b Atkin- H. Andrews b Porter ll son 77 J. Sharp b Porter . J. Douglas st Dudgeon b Cummingham 5 Wilkinson l7 T.Dudgeon cCumming- J. Atkinson b Porter 4 ham b Farrell F. Parry c Turton b F. Harrison lbw b Wilkinson J. Cummingham c H. J. Longton c Longton b Wilkinson 0 Scroggie b Atkinson 15 F. Hoyle not out b Atkinson IL'. Gee b Coutts T. Wilkinson not out 10 R.Ratcliffe c Andrews b Atkinson Extras

_ Total IGO

Friendly Matches.

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. MOORE AND DARESRURT.— Played on Saturday at Lovely-lane, and ended in a win for the home team by 95 runs. Score : MOORE. AND DARESDURY. WIRE MILLS.

A. Antrobus h Gleave 0 J. Hawthorn run out... 4 Smith bN. Cook Foster c Gleave b R Taylor Cook l7 Walsh run out l7 Rev. T. T. Lee Jones b Woodcock c Smith b N. Cook W. Antrobus bN. Cook 7 Burton run out S. Taylor c B. Taylor b N, Cook c Knight b R. Cook 3 Foster l5 H. Taylor bR. Cook 2 Gleave lbw b Foster... 9 Knight c and R. Cook Gandy b N. Cook Kilshsw c J. Hawthorn b B. Taylor b Foster 4 Cook Edwards not out b S. Taylor Extras

Total 137

!marl

—A— Stewed raspberries and currants—they go Delicious well together—accom- panied with a Corn Flour Blanc-Mange. August . Sweet. . For best results the Corn Flour must be Brown C Poison's PATENT Corn Flour Look at the Packet.

Total 33

Total

GRAPPENHALL 2ND v. LOSTOCK GRALA3I Played at Grappenhall on Saturday, the home team winning after an exciting finish. Score :

LOSTOCK. _ GRAPPENHALL. Timperley b Hallows 3 W. Wicks o Timperley McCulloch b Slack 2 b Newbiggin J. Illidge b Hallows B. Newbiggin c Jenkins b R. Hallows b Hassell 7 Slack S. Hassell c Hallows b G.Ainsworth c Barnes Slack C. Hill b Mottram s. Wilson b Slack Woods c Ainsworth b J. Mottram not out Mottram 0 HHoward bNewbiggin 0 Davies not out 1 J. Peters b Hassell ... 3 Rotherham c Howard b A. Rathbone b New- Slack M. Callander b New- biggin Extras 5 Extras

Total Alain' v. LYMM.—Played at Arley on SaturdaY. Score:—

I

LYlnt. Afthr.Y. H. S. Saville b Toogood 1 Rev. J. H. Toogood c F. Brazendale bH. Smith 2 Saville b Brazendale 15 A. Pollitt bH. Smith 0 T. V. Smith c Jones b Dr. Trenton b Toogood S. Pollitt c Cowburn b Dr. Love c Tranton b Toogood ll Saville D. Jones b Toogood R. E. Wilks run out J. Brookes c Chiddick b P. Bridge b Brazendale Toogood 3 W.Ch iddick b Trenton 6 F. Champ not out J.Woodal 1 lbwbToogood 0 H. Hart not out ......... 7 F. Parks bH. Smith 0 P. Gorman lbw b 0, Brazendale F. Coppoch c Pollitt b A Brazendale W. Griffin a Brookes b 0 Tranton 9' Extras 4 Extms ......... Total WA RRINGTON CO-OPERATIVE V. WARRING TON Pot,llo-1 Played at Atllley on Tuesday, and resulted in a win for the Co-operatives after a very cxciting finish. Score. CO-OPERATIVE. POMP Ray b Holland Hughes run out Mann run out 0 Barker ...... ......... A, Barker run out Evans b Holland Taylor h Burrows 4 Holland b Banner .......2 Critchley b Holland 3 Newev b Banner ...... Banner c Whitby b Hollingworth b Banner Houghton 2 StuartcHughes bklarker 1 Buck c Roberts b Hough- Houghton c Meitner b „ ton 0 Barker .................. Haley b Holland Weir not out Extras sHui bg gni onixootturtatos m.. ..... .................. 2-(1)- Total 23 Total ......... 27.

FOUND IN THE ST. 11 ELENS CANAL. On Tuesday evening the body of John Cheetmae, d Foly-street, Kirkdale-road, Liverpool, was recover' from the Sankey and St. Helens Canal at Widnes.":o Deceased, was captain of the flat, Mary, and went eLot Widnes early on Tuesday. In the evening be into the town, and was seen returning Rion; o'clock. A man named Carter heard a splash, ael-' down to the water jest in time to see deceased e." 31"

t

===== 0002601_19050819_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
OOTBAL

-KEIP THEIR

lIP li'ff:(''LATE-57-' 1." AMU! APPROVED F 145,5.,-CULATk°'4 .°47TFRI''S immommmm. StAPE•LASTLOPOW - 'T

===== 0002601_19050819_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD SORES ARE WORST.

A Mutiny Veteran Praises Zam-Buk.

When the skin has once been injured or diseased especially when any germ or poison has settled in the tissues, trouble often occurs in after life. Sufferers trona ulcers of any description may 'learn from the experience of an Indian Mutiny veteran, Mr. Robert Horton, of 27, Red Laver-street, Cardiff, how Zam-Buk will eradicate the worst complaint. "At the storming of Taku Fort, China, in 1860, I was :shot in the ankle," said Mr. Horton to a "Cardiff Times" reporter, "and though I was only invalided for a fort- night, I always had cause to remember the wound. Twenty years later, while working at the docks here, I had the misfortune to break the skin over it, and the place being neglected, got worse and worse. In -fact, from that day to a couple of months ago, I had a running wound at the spot the whole time. Erysipelas -and blood-poisoning set in,and I had to go into hospital on four separate occasions and lose a lot of time at my work. I tried, I should say, every ointment, oil, and liniment supposed to cure complaints of this kind, and I took blood medicines of various descriptions. Although 130 Me remedies kept my ankle from getting worse, and alleviated the agony to some extent, there was always the open wound, which at times was the size of half-a- crown. "Five or six months ago I read of the astonishing cures effected by Zam-Buk, and gave the balm a trial. Although I have had to use many boxes of it, I must say that I noticed an improvement after the first box. I -soon found the skin around the wound getting white and healthy-looking, so I kept on dressing it with Zam- Buk regularly. Now lam glad to say that the wound has dried up and that the skin has completely healed. Although such a ripe old age. I am now able to follow ray occupation without any trouble whatsoever." Zam-Buk is a powerful remedy for obstinate sores, bad legs, diseased ankles. running wounds, inflamma- tion, peeling or scaling skin, scurvy, sore backs,poisoned or festering sores, erysipelas, piles, eczema, psoriasis, scalp diseases, barber's rash, abscesses, boils, ringworm, sore breasts, chafed skin, sunburn, nettlerash, heat spots, freckles, blisters, evuptions due to acid or exces- sive perspiration, stiffness, &c. Price Is. lid. or 2s. 9d. per box (2s. 9d. sin containing nearly four times the Is. Id.) of all chemists, or the Zam-Buk Co„ 4, Red Cross-street, London, E.C.

VOLUNTEERS' RETURN. vivis Closing Incidents of the Salisbury Plain Camp, Looking bronzed and the pictures of health the ; War. ington Volunteers returned home on Saturday evening after a fortnight's encampment on Salisbury Plain. The training has beau entered into with the best possible spirit by the men and cannot fail to have a good effect on the physique and efficiency of the ' battalion. The last night in camp was made the occasion of a smoking concert promoted by the sergeants, to which the sergeants of the ; other battalions in the brigade were invited. Sergt.-Major Ingram presided, and was supported by I many of the officers of the battalion. He apologized $ for the absence of Colonel Edelsten, who had been ' invited by General Sir lan Hamilton to dine with the Duke of Connaught at Tidworth House. A capital pro- , gramme of songs, &c., was given by Sergts. Walker, Lloyd, Taylor, Lawless, and Richardson, Mr. G. H. Bright, Mr. Clune,Capt. Roberts, Lce-Corpl, Glover, Sergt. Jones, (Ist Herefords)' LINA. J. Picton, Sergt. Massey. Mr.Fairclougih, Mr. Gautier, Sergt. Rigby and Sergt. Evan Jones (Ist Royal Welsh). The health of the officers was proposed by Col.-Sergt. Wood, Surgeon. Major Adams and Capt. Reg. Smith responding. On Saturday morning the volunteers were up before I five o'clock preparing to strike tents and pack all the bagirage ready for the return home. All the tents were racked in bags' and the blankets and other camp ecpiipace placed in piles ready for handing over to the I Army Ordnance Department. These duties were in the •case of the South Lancashires under the supervision of Captain and Quartermaster Potter, who, with his assist- I ant, Quartermaster-Sergeant Willcocks, has had charge i of the commisariat department. Between ten and eleven I in the awning three trains were despatched from Lodger 11 for Warrington. The arrival of the battalion at Warrington was witnessod by large crowds, the streets from the Central Station to the Drill Hall being lined with spectators. 'The first train, which reached Warrington at about half- past six, brought in B, C, G, H and D Companies, together with the commanding offices, the adjutant, and also the members of the band. The second train arrived about an hour later, and comprized A, E, F and M.l. Companies, and the bugle band, while the third train contained the cyclists and transports, und arrived at Warrington shortly before eight o'clock. The men • marched along Horsemarket-street and Sankey-street to the Park, after which they went to the Drill Hall and dispersed. A critic of the "Daily Telegraph," who, writing of ! the work of the South Lancashires and Cheshires, says: I —There is a great improvement noticeable already in the knowledge and style of the Auxiliary force. Two or three battalions in particular stand out as being remarkably good. These are the second V.B. Cheshire Regiment, and the Ist V.B. Lancashire Regiment. In point of drill they could hold their own with the average line battalion, and the Cheshires in the matter of physique, could give points to any regular battalion in the army. On Wednesday when going for the day's work, they paraded in their trousers and shirts, with sleeves rolled up to the elbow, and a sturdier or more workmanlike body of soldiers it would be impossible to desire. A group of officers were watching them passing headquarters, and one remarked that they must he regulars. As they had no tunics on of course the distinguishing badge was absent. His neighbour replied, "Indeed they're not. There isn't a line battalion with physique like that in the service."

===== 0002601_19050819_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BURIAL SOCIETY.

Annual Meeting. The members of the above Burial Society met at the British Workman Public House. Horse market-street, onpfenday to celebrate the 35th anniversary of the establishment of the Society. The chair was occupied by the president Mr. Joseph Ashton, who was supported on the platform by the vice- president Mr. Joseph Mather, treasurer, Mr. James Parr, trustees Messrs. Peter Edgar, William Eckersley, James Grealy, auditor, Mr. Joseph Adams,general secre- tary, Mr. Laurence Weir and others. The Chairman expressed the pleasure it gave him to have the privilege of presiding over such a large gather- ing of parents and representatives of children belonging to the Society. The year's working had been very satisfactory from everyipoint of view. The funds had risen to considerably over .£3,000 and the numerical condition was almost as good and he felt sure they would all agree with him that their position that night gave them every reason to be proud. There had been a fair amount of work which the officers and committee had had to deal with in the way of investments, and they were proud to say it was bringing in splendid interest. The new rules were of a praiseworthy charac- ter and commended themselves to every thoughful member. He felt sure they were with him proud of their permanent officers—wan of good, sound ability, in every respect.and in conclusion he trusted the collectors would give the General Secretary all the assistance that lay in their power. Mr. LAWRENCE WErrt. the general secretary, pre- sented his annual report of the past ysar's transactions which showed that the Society's funds now amounted to £3,053 Hs. 2.1 d. compared vith £2,862 Ss. Sd. for the year previous algaint of £l9l. 10s. 6id. The numerical condition was 1421 compared with 1361 last year. The Secretary briefly pointed out the advantages gained by their newly constructed table of benefits and was pleased to say how effectively it was working amongst the section the committee desired it should act. Several claims had been paid the extra allowance for over 10 years membership and in some instances for over 25 years membership. In conclusion he said that with the staff of collectors he had at his hapds he had not the least fear for the success of the Society. The auditors reported that the accounts and all books kept by the general secretary also the treasurer's and collectors' books were examined and found to be very satisfactory. Mr. Joseph Mather was elected president and Mr. Thomas Saskerville vice-president for the your, Mr Peter Edgar being again elected Auditor. The remainder of the evening was spent in discussing the revised rules and the advantages derived from them Which would place the members in a better position in every respect. A vote of thanks Was accorded to the catering presi- Aent Mr. Joseph Ashton for the courteous manner in Which he had coneucted the business during his term of office. Mr. ASHTON in response said it had always been a ~Pleasure to him to attend the meetings of the Society ..arni he sincerely hoped the Society wink) be prosperous.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
F

JL.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0034.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050819_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
t , I , i .4 A .

I

SPLENDID NEW SERIAL.

•••• • • , \--1.0,3 E.

CHAPTER I.

Zr was shortly after midnight and the late January air was biting in its intensity. Yet the steam of great heat rose from the flanks of a cab-horse, as it trotted down Regent Street. . Obviously it had come far and at no gentle pace. Swish went the cabman's whip, and the tired horse bravely endeavoured tea quicken it flagging pace.

The occupant of the cab seemed equally oblivious of the heat of tha horse and the coldness of the air. He was leaning forward with his elbows on the doors of the hansom) with a pre-occupied air, humming un• musically to himself r!.* -I

Asa matter,of fact, Sir Henry 'l,lornington was unconscious of the fact that he was humming. He was deep in thought with strange, weird ideas thudding ceaselessly through' his brain. His massive ugly face with its broad nose and long upper lip was set firm, and his eyes were staring hard at the splash-hoard. The horse's hoofs and the lilt of the .refrain seemed to fit in together, but his mind was many miles away. Sir Henry .11fornington was one of the best known men, in England, liked by few, but respected by all. From the world of _finance he had migrated to the world of politics, and, rising by sheer force of intellect, he occupied the important post in the Cabinet of Chan- cellor of the Exchequer. His Budgets, follow- ing a time of great national extravagance, were marvels of economy. Each year the income-tax was reduced, and great was his fame throughout the land proportionately enhanced. His photographs were in all the shop windows, hobnobbing familiarly with the leading actresses of the day, and he was regarded'as the chief prop of the Government. Without him it was constantly prophesied they would not remain in a day. He was essentially the strong Man of Lord Fulford's administration.

The cab drew up with a sudden jerk, nearly I dislodging the Cabindt Minister. The shock aroused him for an instant, and lie stepped out and paid the cabinan. A few 'yards behind him another cab drew up with an even more sudden jerk, but the occupant was on. the alert and, putting ,his hand through the trap; issued a fresh order to the cabman.

Withou't looking round Sir Henry Morning- ton entered the great doors of the Carlton Club. It was a full night. London was full for the opening of Parliament, which was meeting early to make amends for the past unprofitable session. _

Continuing to hum his refrain with a pre- occupied air he made his way into the smok- ing-room without a word to anyone. He nodded curtly to one or two acouaintance without seeming to see them. The shortness of his manner, however, occasioned little sur- prise, as outside his small clique of intimates it was habitual, hence his unpopularity. He walked straight up to a table 2nd rang the bell sharply. . _

" 413r-ing me a stiff brandy and soda," he said to the waiter, ceasing to hum for an instant. The conversation in his vicinity stopped for a moment in wonder. It was seldom that the Chancellor of the Exchequer was seen to drink anything, especially spirits. ' He must be thinking of the Budget," laughed a cheery cynic with a rubicund face, and everyone smiled at the suggestion. He swallowed it at a gulp, while the waiter watched him in respectful awe, and then walked across to a writing table in the corner, regardless of public opinion. Sitting down he picked up a pen and dashed off a couple of notes in his large, bold handwriting, character- istic of the man.

"My dear Colgate," ran one, "It strikes me that we are on the r'ye of the greatest sensation of the twentieth century, and funny things will transpire within the next twenty- four hours. I dare not put even a hint on paper, and to-morrow morniag will do just as well, as no harm can be done to-night. My brain, usually pretty cool, is thudding with excitement, and I can hardly think clearly. I am in a great quandary, but I see my duty, and I shall do it without flinching. More I cannot say even to you at the moment. Besides, the matter is one which needs dis- cussion and can only be properly explained face to face. I will be round at your private house to-morrow morning at nine sharp, and am writing Verschoyle to meet us there. Till then, yours sincerely,

- HENRY MORNINGTON." This note he addressed to the " Right Hon- ourable William Colgate," a colleague in the Cabinet and His Majesty's Secretary for Home Affairs.

The other, which was shorter but similar in contents, he addressed t Sir Hugo Vers. choyle, the head of Scotland Yard. sending them to their respective private addresses.

As he pressed •down the envelopes he began to bum the same refrain, more out of tuna than ever.

As he -rose a new I,Tember of the House, more temerous than tactful, went up and greeted hi, asking him some trivial question. The Chancellor had congratulated him earlier in the evening upoh having won his seat frcnn the Opposition, and he was anNious to appear intimate with the big man of the party. Sir Henry hardly seemed to hear him. „ ... •

" To-morrow," he answered absent-mind- edlY ; " to-morrow, ask me again to-morrow." The latest addition to the party moved away crestfallen, wavering already in his allegiance and muttering to himself what sounded like "ill-mannered brute, everyone says so."

A junior colleague addressed him, but, to his surprise and chagrin fared little better. The answer was curt to the point of dis- courtesy, and Sir Henry scarcely appeared to realise to whom he was speaking or what he was saying. _ _ _

Then he rang the bell for another brandy and soda and gulped it as greedily as the first. " It's little short of a scandal," murmured an advanced advocate of temperance aghast. "Shoo," answered his companion, nodding sententiously, "something most have upset old Mornington. He's the most temperate than in the world."

Meanwhile the Minister under discussion stalked sternly out of the smoking-room with. out a single good-night or so much as a nod to anyone.

Cab, sir? " inquired the porter deferen- tially. Sir Henry shook his head. " No, thanks." he said shortly, " I'll walk. I want to think," he murmured to himself, i" I want to think."

And he began humming his interrupted refrain.

" Curse the thing," he muttered angrily to himself. " I can't pet it out of my head. it seems to haunt and taunt me." On the other side of the road, a few yards in his rear, walked a tall lithe man of just over thirty with a clean-shaven face. His mouth, too, was set, and he kept fingering something in his overcoat pocket. He was walking about the same pace as the Cabinet Minister and keeping well in the shadow.

It was nearly one o'clock and the streets were beginning to clear. It was too cold to hang about after closing time, and everyone was hurrying off to bed. The one idea seemed to possess everybody, as the keen frost cut their faces and the wind whirled round the • corners with icy boisterousnesS. Sir Henry Mornington thd not appear aware of the intensity of the cold, but walked on at an easy pace down Pall Mall and up St. James's Street. The wind seemed parti- cularly cold at the .open corner ; and the -other man's teeth began to chatter slightly, as much from the tense state of his nerves as from +he temnerature. as he followed him no the hill—which, with its lamps in perspective and deserted pavements, looked unusually steep

By GERALD MSS.

epitaph.

CHAPTER 11.

* din not seem to occur to the Li:lances= of the Exchequer that some one might b* following him; and he kept methodically on his chin in his chest. He turned sharp to the left into Piccadilly xossed the road, and went up Berkeley Streel into Berkeley Square. He kept round to the Left into Mount Street, making for Park Lane, where his town house was situated amidst the hybrid financiers of all nations, with whom he was eternally at fiscal war. As he crossed Park Street, the man behind stealthily quickened his pace,, crossing the road with extraordinary agility, and drawing his hand from his overcoat pocket. Just at the corner of Park Lane in the deep shadow, he sprang on his victim before he sould turn. A dull plud, and the weapon went home. The Chancellor of the Exchequer fell forward on his face without a sound beyond that of a falling body. The other man withdrew his weapon with a sharp twist and a jerk; and, bending over his victim, he half-turned him over and fumbled for a minute with his coat. Then, turning round, he hurried up Park Street and across Grosvenor Square, breath ing heavily. But London was asleep; and nothing could be heard but his sharp, short breath and the tinkle of a hansom two streets away. A distant church - clock chimed a quarter- past one with a clear frosty note. • •

Ten minutes •later a policeman noticed a dark object in the shadow between Park Street tad Park Lane.

He crossed the road and b'ent down before he realised it was a man.

"Drunk," he murmured to himself, op- timistically.. .

He flashed his lantern on the prostrate body, and for the first time noticed that his foot was in a dark, coagulated, lalf-frozen puddle. He was almost new to the force, and it was too much for his nerves.

"Murder I Murder I " he roared, stepping back and then he began to blow his whistle like a man possessed. In a moment, which 'seemed to the young constable a long lifetime, he was joined by two others.

"Don't stand there like a gibbering lunatic," said one, who was a sergeant. Y Let's see what's wrong." With the coolness of experience he bent over the body and turned it over, while the ether gave him a light from his lantern. "Dead, In afraid," he said, in a low voice: V Stabbed plumb in the back, and no half job either."

Then even his nerve gave for an instant. and he seemed petrified. " Great God, Jim I" he gasped. Look!"

!' Look I

" What ? " said the other, stolidly, seeing nothing. "Look at his buttonhole I The White Rose That makes the third. There's some devil's work about to-night I " Then the other realised.

"I wonder who it is ? " he said, with horrified eagerness. F‘ The other two were big pots." They stooped anxiously over the corpse and examined the white face with fascinated eyes.

Simultaneously they recognised the well- known features.

"Sir Henry Mornington " said the ser- geant, in a low voice husky with horror. " 'Swelp me I" groaned the other. f` The greatest of all I " _ .

That waF the Chancellor of the Exchequer's

THE Home Secretary sat up in bed in response to his valet's call, and rubbed his eyes.

The man,. himself half asleep, but dis- sembling it dutifully, placed his chocolate and his letters by the bedside, with a pile of morning papers beyond. " Eight o'clock, sir," said the man, as he drew up the blinds. •

" Thank you, Charles," answered his master, looking obliquely at the dull grey of the winter morning, and shivering slightly. "Give me my warm jacket." Then, propped in bed with three pillows, he picked up his letters and began to run through them. This was Mr. Colgate's morning formula: He always lived by rule, but more especially In the morning before his wits had had time to collect themselves. _ _ . _ _

He always looked through his letters before rising, not so much the insides as the enve- lopes, sorting out the wheat of private life from the chaff of begging petitions and busi- ness correspondence. Out of the pile-on his knees he threw some back on to the table, keeping the others beside him on the bed.

This done, he sipped his chocolate and began to open them. Take those downstairs and put them on the library table," was his next invariable order; and Charles disappeared Then he read his private correspondence with the slow appreciation of the man who expects pleasant things. At last he came to the Chancellor of the Exchequer's letter, and recognised the big, bold writing at once. "I wonder what Mornington wants ? " he murmured, reflectively. He read the letter once, then again slowly, and then a third time; and a puzzled look same over his face.

"It sounds extraordinary! " he muttered —" most extraordinary I The greatest sen- sation of the twentieth century." Dare not put even a hint on paper.' 'Verschoyle to meet us.' Dear, dear! it is extraordinary 1 But I must get up if they are to be here at nine. And unless—unless poor old Morning- ton is going off his head—he has been over- working lately —it looks as though there's something important in the air." He emptied his cup of cocoa and jumped out of bed—an active, keen man of fifty, with piercing black eyes, and hardly a grey hair on his head. Acumen, tempered with good humour, was shown on his face; and there were few, if any, more popular men in the Cabinet.

" Twenty - past eight," he commented to himself, as he walked towards his dressing- room. "1 must hurry up." At that moment the front-door knocker re- echoed violently through the house, and then again, followed by an unmerciful tug at the bell.

"I'll have those telegraph boys scalped," reflected the Home Secretary, grimly. " But I wonder who is wiring at this unearthly hour ? " The house seemed aIl of a sudden in a tur- moil, and feet could be heard running hithet and thither. A moment later he heard voices outside the dressing-room door. " I must see your master at once! " said a firm, though excited, voice, which the Home Secretary seemed to recognise. "The matter does not permit of a second's delay." Mr. Colgate opened the door himself to face the intruder. . .

" Verschoyle ! " he exclaimed, in' amaze- ment, taken aback by the unexpectedness of his appearance. " Yes," responded the head of Scotland Yard. " Can you spare me a moment? It Ls very prgent." The man's manner and his extraordinary intrusion convinced the other that no time was to be lost.

" Go into my sitting-room on the lett," he said, motioning Charles to lead the way ; " and I'll put on a dressing-gowr and join you." • A second later they were alone. It was a strange victnre in the dell light of the winter morning—the Cabinet Minister in a dressing. gown, and the celebrated detective unshaven, and, for ol.ce. shaken out of his .wonted im- perturbability. " It's no time for auolories." he began,

===== 0002601_19050819_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
abruptly f' Have you seen the morning Itls stabbed in the back in a similar manner is papers'? " . N ' Portland Place with a white rose in his button- . "No, not yet," answered the others llek,' anxiously. 'What's wrong ? " "Again, ' four nights later, Mr. Augustus " Sir Henry Mornington is dead I " replied Duval, the well-known editor of the Daily Sir Hugo Verschoyle, shortly. Courier, was found similarly done to death " Dead? What from ? " asked the dead within a hundred yards of his offise in Fleet man's colleague, aghast. Street up the narrow purlieu of Shoe Lane " Murdered!" was the curt reply, sup- with a white rose in his buttonhole. pressing emotion. "Found stabbed at the 'Now comes the appalling tragedy of the , corner of Park Lane soon after one o'clock murder of the Chancellor of the Exchequer this morning." ander the same extraordinary circumstances "Great God I " exclaimed Mt Colgate, and with tie same extraordinary, but baffling sinking into a chair and placing his hands alue of a tveite rose. over his eyes, as though to keep the horror "What does it portend? we ask. And where out. . Is Scotland Yard and our much vaunted For a full mintite there was silence, detective service? Surely Sir Hugo Vers- " I thought I ought to come and tell you choyle must realise that his professional in person," went on the head of the detective reputation is at stake in the matter. force. "In both the previous cases the detectives "Quite right," said the Home Secretary, utterly failed to trace the movements of the simply. "Thank von, Verschoyle." two murdered gentlemen between dining and Then came another pause. * the time their bodies were found stabbed in At last Mr. Colgate looked with a face that the open street Probably they will fail had grown as grey as the morning outside. squally in the case of Sir Henry Mornington "Who did it?" mild then the mystery will deepen more and' "No clue," answered the other; "not a more. vestige of a clue, save one thing—there's a "It seems a very strange and uncomfortable White Rose again l " thing that in this highly civilised London of The Home Secretary started up as though ours, the capital of the world, three leading lashed into activity, public men should be murdered without a " A White Rose? A White Rose? " ha single clue in the open street. It points to a repeated in horror. "Why, that makes the very unsatisfactory state of affairs and is a third. First, poor Poole, then Duval, and very great reflection upon our police organisa- now Mornington, of all people I What does lion. it mean ? " "We spoke of no clue just above, but several Suddenly, without a word, he darted out of theories are advanced, and many more will be the rocm in a fit of remembrance. brought forward ere long, as the ." White He returned with a letter in his hand, and Rose" murders are the sole topic of converse- handed it to Verschoyle. tion to the exclusion of everything else. The "That is what I got first post this morningi most obvious clue would seem to lie in the I was expecting hint here at nine o'clock, extraordinary use of this beautiful flower, so- and you, too." rare in mid-winter, and this is the point which Sir Hugo read it twice without commentl we should advise our intelligent police officials Then he looked at the postmark. to start from. At this time of the year it , " Carlton Club," he said; 'I posted S.W.. should be possible to trace practically every 3 a.m. Box cleared at midnight. That white rose that finds its way into London. means that Sir Henry must have written this " But what is this white rose ? Is it the at the club between twelve and one, within symbol of some political anarchists, or is it the an hour of his death. I've not been home badge of some homicidal maniac? One since I was called out about two o'clock, so point is dale that the blows which have been I haven't received mine yet. I'll keep this struck have been aimed_ at leading public if I may, Mr. Colgate; it seems' to have some men; it, does not appear to represent any bearing on the case." , private feud." The other nodded. . i And so the article went on, wondering and "Yes," he agreed, "it looks as though poor ' floundering, theorising and upbraiding, but 1 Sir Henry tumbled on something extremely leading to little. Thus it was with the other important; and it was worth the other man's papers. which pandered nobly to such a ' while to silence him for ever. Oh, if he had Journalistic sensation, but the whole brought only come straight here! Or even if he had little enlightenment., driven home from the Carlton all might have • been well." "He didn't—that's the worst of it," said Verschoyle, grimly. "I don't suppose it Is was generally acknowledged by all sec. occurred to him that there was any immediate tions of society and the public at large that the danger to himself or anyone else. Probably Duchess of Hampstead stood only second to his mind was too engrossed with his dis- the Royal Family itself as a social leader. covery, whatever it was." " That's what we've got to find out," Herself the daughter of one of the oldest enunciated the Home Secretary, slowly and Scottish ducal houses, with the blood of a thoughtfully. "It holds the key to the fallen dynasty in its veins, she had a quarter whole riddle. Can you make anything out, of a century before married the young Duke of it ? " "Not much at present," admitted the i of Hampstead, the richest peer of the realm. other. "But there is one point which stands Since then their houses in town and the country had always been brilliant centres of out." , entertainment. An invitation to one of their " What's that ? " balls was regarded as a final recognition of Z'" The White Rose! " answered Verschoyle. : social status, while to dine or stay was "It points to all three murders, the murders counted scarcely inferior to a command to of important public men, emanating from the Buckingham Palace or Windsor Castle.' same source, either the same man or the same The Duke of Hampstead was a tall pale secret society, Anarchists or whatever they ' man of fifty, with light blue dreamy eyes, may be. and a preoccupied air. He was, as a rule. " Quite so," acquiesced the Home Secre- It lazy and inclined to be plethoric ; but at tary ; "I quite agree with your point. looks as though there was something political times he was subject to violent fits of activity. about the murders, and as though the same His mind, like his body, was sluggish, but was liable to bursts of enthusiasm, which hand could be traced through the series, Mightn't it be the work of some political would carry him to any lengths, and make him, for the time being lunatic? You remember the celebrated a prodigy of energy. ' Jack the Ripper' murders twenty odd years . Thus his life had always s been fitful and in- consequent. Politics at times took a firm ago? They were obviously the work of a hold on his imagination ; and he had been lunatic who had a down on a particular class." a member of twc Cabinets. But gradually, ," Yes, perhaps," said Verschoyle, thought- upon each occasion, his enthusiasm had fully; "but we shall see. It is almost too evaporated in due course, and he had grace- , early to form theories without a clue. We fully backed out of his responsibilities. The , must trace Sir Henry Mornington's move- turf, too, had claimed him as an ardent I ments last night and find out where he dined, patron from time to time. Then he would what he did afterwards, when he reached the suddenly sell his whole stud at Tattersall's, Carlton, whether a cat( brought him, and so and not be seen on a racecourse, except at on. We may get a clue from that, though Ascot, for two or three years. With equal we failed utterly in the cases of Lord Poole unexpectedness he would make a big offer and Mr. Duval." for some equine champion which was carry- , " There is, of course, one other solution," ing all before it, or would breed something suggested Mr. Colgate. "Sir Henry's murder of unusual merit for himself; and then he may have no direct connection with the other I would once again plunge into the vortex of two, though it would seem like it. It may racing for a season or two. He had raced merely be the work of an imitative criminal for the America Cup, and lost with a good of weak mind. Big public sensations have a grace, but had forgotten all his keenness way of acting upon weak minds. But I only when the time came round to renew his put that forward as a suggestion." challenge. Verschoyle nodded, without committing Thus it was with him in every walk of himself. life—politics, sport, or anything else—an en- " Well, I must be off to the Yard," he said, thusiast to and to-morrow craving rilsoin I will g. w"TI callhere on a y lot ou o "There'sof r tworkelep h in n o frontyon at either a new sensation or none. Turgid and n turbid alternately in his mode of mind and the Home Office in the course of the mo-rning." life' he was either inordinately bored or ' u ' "Thank you," answered the Cabinet Minis- unduly elated. His prevailing idea in life spell its ter, holding out his hand; "and thank was ever aliquid fool, and i you in length upon the interest involved and the lon coming to break the news to me in person. Now I must dress at once, as the King will excitement attached. Such a character, especially in so great a doubtless want to see me over this terrible affair; and I must also call on Lady Morning- position, naturally required ballast to keep ton." it within reasonable bounds. The ballast "Poor old Mornington I " he muttered, as ' in this case was supplied by the Duchess of he dressed. "He little thought, when he Hampstead, a woman of great character and no small intellect. H i Her nfluence upon him i wrote, how he was going to supply l the was n most matters paramount, and she greatest sensation of the century.' " alone could check his exuberance or stir his indolence. She was essentially a leader and would brook no interference. Thus the Duke and the Duchess suited each other admirably, and through all their married life had pre- served for each other ' a warm feeling of regard—he looking upon her as one who would aid his enthusiasm or equally readily take all responsibilities off his shoulders, while she recognised in him almost the only man who by birth and wealth could have given her her proper position in the great world she loved to rule. His weaknesses made him dependent upon her, and gave her oppor- tunities of exerting and asserting herself;! and for this reason he was dearer to her for his weak points than another man would have been for his strength. The principal characteristic of the Duchese of Hampstead was ambition,—an inordinate ambition which nothing could satisfy. In society she was supreme, and in the eyes of the country she ranked next to the Royal , Family, with whom she was on terms of unusual intimacy. But the fact remained that there, and there alone, she had to take second place; and, therefore, she was jealous, silently but passionately jealous of royalty. This she would have confessed to no one, and did not even acknowledge to herself. But she had never forgiven the un- enthusiastic reception of a hint from her of the desirability of a union between her only son, Lord Belsize, and an eligible royal princess. The Duke of Hampstead drew a large share of his huge income from property in London ; and in town he possessed two great mansions. One of these stood at a corner of Belgrave Square, and was one of the historic houses of London. The other, situated on his Hampstead property, from which he took his title, was a fine Old Elizabethan pile, ' standing right on the Heath in its own grounds, and surrounded by a high wall. In the country, in addition to a castle in Scotland, the Duke was seated at Southsea Castle, a splendid property on the Hamp- shire coast, ca the confines of the New Forest, and overlooking the Solent. 1 At the age of forty-six the Duchess of Hampstead was still a most beauliful woman. so well preserved that she appeared fully ten years younger. She was tall, with a , very handsome figure; but perhaps the most ' noticeable, point about her was the stateli- ness of her carriage. When she entered a , room, there was an instinctive hush, as ' people watched her sweep in slowly and ' greeefullv. She was the mother of two children, a boy and a girl. The former, Viscount Belsize, was four-and-twenty years of age„ and the greatest parti in London. He was, in addition to his more tangible endowments, smart and handsome, and held a commission in the loth Hussars. The latter, the Lady Sabina Belsize, was just twenty, and wal counted a great beauty. She was neither so tall nor so stately as her mother, but what she lost in these respects she gained in a certain charm. which made her more acces

CHAPTER 111.

The whole of Great Britain was in a turmoil over the murder of the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The sensation in London itself was. unparalleled. . . .

The 'morning papers contained the barest details, which had been received just as they were going to press, combined with the stock biographies of the late politician. But the evening papers were almost in hysterics. They were full of rumours and theories, possible and impossible; and the sub-editors were kept busy bringing out edition after edition, which sold almost before they could begot down west.

London turned out in force; and Park Lane, near the fatal spot, had to be guarded by a strong cordon of police. His home, in which the dead Minister lay, was not held sacred by the excited mob; and there, too, a large force of police had to be l'stationed. The' morning was one long procession of carriages and telegraph boys bringing con- dolences.

Business seemed almost in a state of paralysis in the excitement of the hour; and even society looked solemn, with eyes of fear. The blow that had struck down the Chancellor of the Exchequer seemed to have struck chill fear into many hearts. He was the third ; who would be the next ? That was the unspoken question in the minds of every public man and all connected with them.

The article in the Evening Coma was typical of the rest. It was edged with mourning, and above it appeared large headlines:

MURDER OF THE CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER. . APPALLING cßunt. THE " WHITE ROSE" MYSTERY. THE THIRD OF THa SERIES.

"In the early hours of the morning," it ran, "as nearly as can be ganged, between one o'clock and ; a quarter past, Sir Henry MOrnington,. the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the greatest fiscal Minister since the days of Mr. Gladstone, was found murdered at the corner of Park Lane, not a hunched yards from his own front door. There has been no such srnsation since Ballingham shot Mr. Percival, the Premier, in the lobby of the House of Commons on May rah, 1812, a century ago. But even that occurrence did not create the stir of the present tragedy. In those days papers were few and comparatively little read, and news took time to spread through the country. Again, Sir Henry Mornington has long been acknowledged the grea test living politirinn and the man who sways not only the, destiny of the Cabinet, but also the destiny./ of the country. Further, and above all, this murder appears not to be an isolated act of vengeance or lunacy, but the third of an organised series, "Last December it will be remembered (the horror is still fresh in everybody's mind) that Viscount Poole, t& Under-:•;iecretary fot Von:47n Affairs. Nati Wild on the night of thc

===== 0002601_19050819_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER IV.

tibia, and, therefore, more lovable. Her eyeS and hair were very dark brown, and her complexion clear and brilliant. Her mouth was firm without being forbidding, while her small nose lent a dainty touch of femininity to the whole. In character, she combined her mother's force of will with her father's impetuosity, which rendered her a rather remarkable study, and led her at times into doing rash things, regardless of convention. Though for two seasons she had been out, she was still unmarried. This, however, was not for want of being asked; and it was ,part of the social curriculum of those who dared to be refuasd at some time or another by Lady " Bina " Belsize, as she was always called behind her back, and to her face by the few intimates who had the right. Still her mother evinced no anxiety, and it was rumoured that she had her own views on the subject.

On a bleak January morning the Duchess of Hampstead was seated at the bureau in her boudoir in Belgrave Square, attending to her private correspondence. She did not. however, appear as diligent as usual, and she was idly scribbling on the blotting paper, deep in thought. . „

"'Where vAll it all end ? " she murmured. "Once started there is no turning back; but I never realised what it would lead to; and," she added, "for once I never properly counted the cost." It was not often that she owned herself even so far in the wrong. Her meditations were interrupted by the somewhat abrupt entrance of the Duke. For three months past he had been in one of his moods of intense activity and enthu- siasm, and he was . hardly ever still. She knew the phase so well, and always wondered how long it would last before it yielded to his natural plethoric inertia. In his hand he held a batch of morning papers. _ _

I` Of course you've seen the papers ? " he asked, taking up his stand on the hearth rug. The Duchess nodded, twiddling her pen meditatively. " Mornington's done for," went on the Duke excitedly ; "and it seems a pretty clean job. No trace or clue left behind. The Duchess nodded again. "He was a great man in many ways," she said slowly. "Yes," responded the duke," but obstinate as a bullock. No One could make him budge an inch after he had . ottce spoken. It's a pity, a great pity," he concluded, as though conceding a point a trifle grudgingly; "but I suppose it can't be helped now." . i "Let us change the subject, James," in- terrupted the duchess, with a touch of im- patience in her voice. "I'm tired of horrors. We've lived on nothing else for weeks."

There was a momentary silence. Then she went on more quietly: "Have you heard that Sabina has refused Lord Branksea ? "

" No," rejoined the duke, with some interest and energy ; "when was that ? " "Yesterday afternoon; she only told me this morning. "Humph." commented her husband, pul- ling his moustache inconsiderately hard, "I thought he looked a bit black last night. I only hope he won't cut up crusty, that's all. And old Swanage too. It would be deuced awkward just now."

The duchess acquiesced again with a nod. •

"But it would. never hive done at all, James; and you know it. We have other views for tho child, and though Branksea may be a big partt in many ways, he is a very poor matc t compared with the other." "I know, I know," said the duke, almost fretfully, "but it's deuced awkward, as I said ; and I wish it hadn't occurred."

"Well it can't be helped now," answered the duchess decisively ; "we must make the best of it. Bina has a big destiny before her, and neither Branksea nor anyone else is going to interfere with it, if I have a word to say in the matter."

"Of course you will, my dear," inter- c.cted his Grace grimly; "you always have, including the last word too But what about this big ball of yours ? "

"Everything is completely ready and all my arrangements are made. The usual people are doing the flowers and Gudgeon assures me that everything is in the house, down to the last truffle, and half the things cooked. The King and Queen arrive at ten- thirty sharp: and the ball opens with a royal quadrille. After that there will be bridge—you'll have to play, James, whether you want to or not; and the younger people can dasice and flirt and do what they like." "All right, my dear," said the duke wearily, relapsing into his old inertia at the prospect of a function. At that moment the door was opened with unusual unceremoniousness and Lord Belsize burst in, followed closely by his sister. "I say, guv'nor," he began, without pre- face, " I say, mater, isn't this horrible—poor old Morny ? It has given Bina and me quite a beastly turn. They'll be sticking the guv'nor next with their devilish tricks." "Shish, Charlie," said the duchess, who had for an instant grown pale at the sudden interruption ; "don't talk like that. It is very terrible about Sir Henry Mornington ; and your father and I have just been dis- cussing the matter." "What do you make of it, guv'nor ? " asked the irrepressible young hussar, looking over towards his father with an affectionate familiarity. " Bina and I think it's a case of anarchists—the devils ought all to be strung up, only that's too good for them. What do you think of the ' white rose' part of it ? " " I don't know, Charlie, I'm sure : I can't say," answered his father, with a grave anxious look on his face. "But I don't think it has much to do with it, do you, my dear ? " he concluded, turning to the duchess. "I'm sure I can't say," answered the duchess, with decision and some asperity in her voice.

" I think it must be a symbol, a token of some sort." said Bina in a low moice, speaking softly.

"What a fanciful child you are," said the duke, patting her head gently. His daughter was his greatest weak point, and the only thing over which he could sustain a perma- nent enthusiasm. "But what about the ball to - night ? " he continued, changing the subject. "Oh. it ought to be lovely," answered Bina enthusiastically " and I hear that lots of people are awfully indignant with mother for not _having. asked_ them.' _ _ .

The Duchess of Hampstead smiled grimly. " I say, mater," broke in Lord Belsize, " I tell you a chap you might send a card to— the Earl of Ben Nevis. I was only introduced to him yesterday at the club, and took a great fancy to him. He seems very popular, and has only just returned from abroad after a long spell. First he went out to the Boer War with his regiment, and stayed there in the police for several years after it was over. Then he went travelling in all sorts of un- explored parts, discovering things and shooting big game. He only got back two days a.go after all these years, and is quite the latest lion in a small way. He's a major, a V.C., a D. 5.0., and all sorts of other things." . . .

Belsize spoke with all a younger man's en- thusiasm for an older man who has made a name for . himself.

The duchess listened thoughtfully, but a light came into the duke's dreamy eyes. . .. . _

Yes, my dear," he said, " why not send young Ben Nevis a card ? ".

Then, leaning over her shoulder, he added in a low voice : "He may become one of us; he would be very useful."

(To be continued"

===== 0002601_19050819_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
It WORDS

KA'YE' A Vi ORDsELL'S PILLS

Are it certain cure for Indigestion, Tli!loneness. Headaohe Dyspepsia. Constipation, !Aver end Kidney Complalntsasa. For Ladies of all ages they are in valcable. Of all Chemists, le. lid , s. 9d., ant 48. 6d. per box or post free on receipt ot stamps to PRPoT 13. St George Street. Norwich.

T. lAIIOIIIIt 4 ...: i . ...:. r*: :. I •::.' It . i , , - . I , FOR SKIN SCALP HAIR ' AND HANDS 0 ; ~t,....„ ... v _ c.QflAfl .. ...,. „.:•.: ~.: • • _ • . • Ci••;. .!.. .i: ..: .13' ;. '!. :.: M .k'''.':: ..• , . 1.0 ; t.E..' . PRICE .25 CENTS -.....- . • .... --....,.... . ------„ C.ll. CLARKee .„.„•etCtiA, FACTURER,, --s. (SiA ‘..) 1,- —,.......e,-.-- 'Op ......"4\ RUBBER STAMPS,'-. )I„4. TYPE, &c, 610 c,b°tvt,-c,`S. &'/INFR ST I'll OCl'

THE BEST FAMILY MEDIWAE.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLD EVERYWHERE at is. lid., 2s. 9.i., 4s. co d., and us

orb • d LUNG TONIC, WORLD'S FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, &a.

TOOT H -ACM E CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S erevents Dectv. Saves Ex traction Sleepless Nights Prevented. Neuralgic Headaches and all Nerve NERVINE 'Nine em °yea by BUN NRVINb. All Chemists, Is. or post free on receipt of stamps to DEPOT, 13. St. George Street. Norwich. h..

===== 0002601_19050819_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
NT'S

EER.

LAG

NB TRADE MARK I ER B

===== 0002601_19050819_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE

FROM SEDIMENT To be obtained from M. WALKER & SONS LTD., Froghal Bridge, Warington. and of all Wine Merchants and Bottlers. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being boated, See that E very Bottle has the Red T. Label.

19, Lancelots.Hey, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
WELLi'ARK BREWEI:IY GL:ASGOVir

"CLARKfI WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE" is smartly' teed core tor all Blood and Skin Di/ma-es. It is the mat. nourishing blood cL•arirer ever discovered, and it will free the system from all im ;forties from whatever muse &risme. from Scrofula. Scurvey,Eczema. Bad Lege.P4mpies and :gores ot au lands ; its effects are marvellous. Thousands of testi- monials. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of a °Wiles' imitations and substitutes.—Adv. ULAIIKK'S 841 PILLS are warranted to cure. In either 'ex, allaCquired for constitutional discharges from the tdortryUrgans, Gravel and Pains in the bac.. Plea from vetTury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boats Its. 6.1. tech, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors thron4 b- n the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The in coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Linooln.— dvt.

FLoRILINE?—FoR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Thoroughly ~.eauses the teeth from 1,01 pareeitea impurities, hardens he Hums, prevcnts tartar stops decq, and gives to the :eeth a preutiar Dearly wdtenees and a delightful fragrance o the breath Price 2e. 6d. for the liquid, or le. per Jar foe the Vbri " Powder," of. all Chemists and Perfumero.— ,dvt.

VALUABLE L./Mt:MERE FOB E HAIR.—If your hair le •urnine grey or white or feldE, off. use he Maxicar HAM lOEW En, Or It will punitively restore, ie ev-ry case, grey r white, hair to its original colour. It ?wakes the ketir barrnlnglr beautiful, ar well aa promotiug tbo growth trice .38. 6d. per bottle.—Acivt. _ _ .

r-- To MOTHEREI.—Yre.VCItteLow's Soothing Syrup has been wed for over fifty 5 ears b., mildons of mother for theie chidrenwhil. teething. with perfect suoceas It will relie7e the poor sufferer immedietely. his pleasant to Whitt; and I ounces natural quiet sleep, by retievin, the child tram Rin and the little cherub nwrires .1 bright • button if all Chemists Is lid. per bottle.—Aifft

===== 0002601_19050819_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
TEN

===== 0002601_19050819_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt 46 Ozamtntr opertes

r. .. WADDINGTON AND MrD-CHXBHMIS HzAxissa." published every Saturdt— morning. T"„EARLESTOWN AND NRWTON &TA HINER , published every Friday afternoon. r" "ST. lIBLXNB ExA3aNsa,' published every Friday afternoon. rHE " RUNCORN ExAMINgD.," published every A. Friday afternoon. T" „ „DN.. Exsiswea.," published every Friday at tenaoon. THE EXAMINER, SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENT AP kRTMENTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED AP•RTNIENTI TO LET HOUSES TO SE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND blinctra.Laiscous SALES One Three Six Words. liFeei. Weeks. Weeks. 18 VI 36 45 54

===== 0002601_19050819_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
aomestit ItoerbantsS, ea.

WANTSD Uool{6, Housemaids, Generals ; nice places ; good wages.—Apoly 52, HAIIII9 ST Rochdale, Lancs.

COOKS, Maids, Vartoue, Generals, Nurses wanted. Bl.els- heath, Lee.—Apoly HUNTS. 6. Charltna rd. Blaekh.ath.

LL CLABBBS OtP suave:its ready from country or 13 town.public and private.—Call or write Miss HARrildONs Only' 13,01dharn etreer., Mnrv-hester. RetabliehAd )1,62.

NIVANTED Experienced SIMVANT ; references required. V Apply Mrs. kBINDLDT, Winstsnley's, CNN eller', Eradsbawotte, Leigh.

WMIMI) 20 good GIME SREIVA.ST3 ; able to wash Good wages elven.— Mr.. OMITH, Central Registry, 'Walton's Varade, Preston.

VVAISTBD, good ; must know plain cooking ; state wages required. --Birs. WOLF, 31 Wcoatand Gardens, lligbg‘te. London. N.

VI/ ANTED gool GENENAL ItiERVANT. for Confeattone:'s Sbop, good wages.—Apply with reference. 67. IdARAEr BT., Atherton.

D. sisuation as woousa RJUSftXIftPIIL TV farm or workingman ;or place of trust; Wood- , andlterracelerewe.

13/ ALIP, middle-3ged Person as WOI:KING with good referennes.—Apply MAKINEION, Claremont, Pennington, Leigh.

ANTBD, a COvK MINERAL for small family (Froth- TV 2 Maids keir ; good borne; £lB to £lb.—Mt. BowDetx. 20 Pepper at., Che. ter.

T ADIES-4 wanting good Housemaids, Generals, R‘tetien- -1..2 maids and Waitresses c,ould apply ta bliss Hom.s.rsn, 88. Miii it. tdaccle,field.

WES..%IHD £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB lJ to £22. Generals IEI to £4O. Girls £l4, excellent plaoes No connection with env other office. —Write to HARIIsON.B 6. Siirthem street. telariche.r,r.

911 GOOD GIBIA BEALS WANING : some for seaside.— eml HEGI.TRY, 343, Broad it., Pendleton, Manchester. Removed from 34. Seedley rd.

N:11 AN Iti D gooes N ISKAL or F41,13110118,;(,Wt) ill tomily V good wastes to suitable person ; references required— Apply Mr.. ASHCROFT. Win.,:y Harbour.Spital,ur fib kenhead

ALL CL as etris II IJ AIION 0, priv li ate and pubc good homes. excellent wages ; places in town. country and seaside.—Write to HARBISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED HEGISTST , 6 Oldham street.. Manchester.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Manteli

AGILEITS and Travellers %ranted. Blends and Pack; ABDULLAH .1 BA Co.. St. Dunstan's Hill. London.

AsDURNI'3INQ CIIICULAIitS.—CIend for application form, SECRETARY, 14, Victoria-square. Bolton.

WANTRD, LtlFT—Ort? cLori-tava. highest prices given.—Mrs. LEE Fouth Bank Avenue, York.

lANADA.—For va:uable information. How the po..r become rib. Certain WIMP'S Write RaPERIIENCE, Pinner.

ENTIRELY o,iginal methods earning 12s. weekly ; home empl”ernent. 6cl. free —CtioxieitAw, Waterloo, nr L'pool

4 GHNTS WANTED —Penny Goode. Six dozen, It. Sci. ..CIOEUI7 cale.—He'd, 4, riohneclose, HillsOorouich,Sheffield;

QTAGR as a profession ; gents', openings for ability ; stamped address.—liSYNOLlA Co., Springvale rd., Sheffield.

NVANTIsD, COOK-ONdRAL for family of two. for end of dept.ernbPr.—Apply by letter, 31. KtroWSLEY IT.. Bury

PUULTRY FaHMING ls. 2d. etudents gnitriniteed enccflis lind good income. Unicide system.—Prof. HoLio- WAY, Bletchley.

QHAVBR and Haircutter. Rood wanted ; indoor; wages ICs ; permanency.—Cmcg, Hairdresser, Birmingham, Chegterfirld,

A DDR.SSING CIUCULAR c, —Send ttedreesed ..t1 envelope for apvication l'orin.—Szcarra.ai,l4 Victoria square, Bolton.

AGHNTS required. Hxcelient commission. - k-/ A, ply, enclosirg 2 stamps, AMBROSE. AlLed Terrace, Harn.ostead. London.

AGKEI rs WANTIM —23 per week can be made by honest worktrs. Samples and particulars 9 stamps.—klatu, GROSINE Co.. Hirst, lktorpetb.

ANTIC.), Gentlemen who can make use of Genuine Turf Information. hefereuces exchanged.— WRIGHT. 26, Bull's Head Chambers, Manchester.

ANTNLI, at ono', COOK OHNERAL, 25 to 30 ; able to bake and Wash • must have referene.s ; good wages. —BLINK VILLA, West 'Bank avenue, Lytham.

(ILVlLt•ervleo VACANCIRS for 230 807 Clerks, Bun:ilea- A..) Von 2 th, October, age 15-17.—Apply CIVIL BERVICIL COLLFOR. E2 Crifte! ao.nne. Strentham, Lon.lnn.

CANADA. INTENDING Emigrant"; reliable information given by one not interested. Jusr returned. bend one Information Ourean "6, ALFRED T, lioath Cardiff.

MATRI MO N Y.— Pub' ican, Widower. a m iddle-aged gentleman without any incurnherances,wants to corres- pond with a lady over 30; view marriage.—Address Mr. MILLER, 22, Trafford rd., Salford.

ItPRISSIINTATIVIiS (either sex) %Vented; genuine rmplayment ; good income assured ; especially suit gentlewomen ; all assidance given.—Write tot particulars, C. 13. VALLI., Graa's Inn Chembera. London, W C.

- Hll IMYHttlelL niJCIKTY OF ',ANON THAW-USN". Prnicipais of schools and ot nem requiring duly quail- fled teachers or dancing should apply for List of Members Mr. HILDrAIFy 48, Afoot toil rd., Stoke Newington. N.

ALL hsrlng Country Cottwges or Bungalows to Let or for Sale should send Photo. with fullest particulars (i.e., accommodation, cost. drainage, water), for speedy disposal, to Cot:Minter ANT clorr,flirkhack flank ChmnhPre, Ifolbarn.

I ADY PA WIN K R.—Archit-ect (3.5) g 'od. prospects desires 1./ to met, a Lady (between 35 and 45) with some capital to assist him In his business and willing to manage home.— Reply In fullest condolence " AncattEcT," Hadhain, Herts.

A GENTS Wanted throughout the kingdom to introduce .11, our new domble-headed patent hat-pine. A boon to woman and A protector of men. Good comunhudon. Send ls. 1. for eampIe.—ALEWIDKI AGENCY, 9, Argyll Place, Repent street.

DRIVATK COBitIisPOSDKNOB IOCCHANCIII. —Members (la,es and erntlernen) Nxobanaer Private Correspond- ence on any aut4jrct ; oplendid medium fdr matrimony. THE MAVAGER, eo3ll3opOlittin Bureau, 36, 39, Maiden lane, Strand. London. (Stamp). ,

IVBower,. Chkonwlnlitnr; gYrtleefinLlLTO.Cfltlltie frhene oortf,gdehnoed preferred, and not far frun a station ; price up to £3OO.— Address, Mr. MlT.Lirti, 22, Traffrird Salford.

WANTED MEN, Young and Old, to write for our btok " How to become an Electrical Engineer "? sent post free. It tells how thousands gain setter positions and salaries sludying Electrical or Heel/mica' Engineering at Home by post; en iorsed by Thomas A. Edison and British Electricians.—Address ELECTRICAL ENGINEER INSTITETE OP CORRESPONDENCE INSTRUCTION, 413, Norwich BOUM 13 Southampton Street Holborn, London.

F' ',IMRE, PIANOS. SIOCKS, itc.. BOUGHT FuR CASE TO ANY AMOUNT, OR ADVARCAIR mAtni. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGE FOR INSPECTION. HARTLEY AND 12, MOSS-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
pouses anb Ent! on 'ale.

d—IHARMING little BUNGALOW for SAT:Bat Ramo,on.-- lJ Particulars and photo, " BUILDER" Gioncetter rd , Itarapton. S Wilt-DR£ACHAD H0U335 for SALE In lov.lv Hamptin.—Apoiv AS o^ve.

7,1 S*LH. SHOP mud HOLISM hom. adjoiffing 5-stallPd stable and wArkshop ; waggonette, very little vuted,-3. Mr ARICKT ST., or Ring's Read, Atherton.

BUILDING LAND.—Unkrlate-avertoe, Overton, Frodsham tvemutifnlty gitnated, 15 minutes' w4lk from station ; to be leoTerl In pinto for ()Troche& or semi-dotached houses.— Applr to JOTIV LITTLER. Fl* Bonk. Frotisharn.

T AND. —FIIVIIHOLD LAND, In many eountles, for each, LO'' cottage, sh.v. firm, or mansion : Plots from £lO or 220 per acre Good roads), partble by Inetalmontf, free deed.; houses, shops, and bungalows.—Mr. Fern- b3rough, Rants.

4ffsrellanoug, On .ealt, etc.

SBA SICKNHSS, certain cure, guaranteed, 6 doses 11.— TIIDNO HOITSE. 267, ri eit IL. Crewe.

rAM.—Valuable receipt, wholesome, °neap Jam, Yost free, 0 7d.—Ja3t. 132. Ruthmore rd.. Clapton.

T AC.—Cheap parcels of long lengths. Is carriage paid.- 14 Watt's. 39, Wimbourne rd.. Nottingham

A TOSBYWHIGHT Ticketa for Sale, 2d. ger £l. ---PdoNET- .I.III WEIGHT, 63, Queen's rd , Southend-on-Sea.

DINNBR SBT. 50 pieces, 13s. 94 ; sample V. (peaked free). —J. B. MELLOR & Co.. Bunten,. staffs.

CassocK SEW% double width. le. per yard. Patterns free —DENTON'S SERGE W•RICHOUSE, Gloucester.

LA M&GGVIS lellow gg marliolds. Large tins Is, carriage paid. FROGGATT, Atteredife rd , Sheffield.

UHOTOGHAPHY.-12 ro tear& or Mounted Midget., Is., 6 C.binets. 21.-BNOWDON. Phot/grapher, Kettering.

iliflOST CAM:H.—Clearing out ; no!rubbish ; no two alike. 0 unused,le. M. post free.—Bmns,Post Offio.,Goaberten

pl,atiOS. Organs, 33.-; discount ; beet makers ; :0 years warranty? easy tsrms.—Prof. HOLLOWAY, BletChler•

'I4II..ASTIC STOCKINGS 2e. 61. e..eh, 46. 6d. pair. Measure- -1.4 ment form free. -3domiE. 129, Windmill st.,Gravesend. GOGD Value, Lowest Prices. Printing and stationery. Terms.—Gßove PliEss,to.Thinti ad Etrove,Nunheadad.ii.

HAND-MADB HASUBlitt SHAMTS. 12 assorted 4. 6d., 24 £is 6d. ; striking included.—JESSE S. Bkowx Jercto, Buy.

4 4 BSWBRi.'—Postal Officials' Picture Solutions corn- t. now and Enii.l3, 11.—J,8., 65 bt. Mary it., Bridgwater.

FRkili Astrological Re IdMg. wih my marvellous dook. 7d.—PBvcao• Westmoreland rd., Newcastle. Northumberland. NI °THEM TAKE NOTICE that " ON.K.P." kill' all. nits and vermin, never fails ; large tins post free bt from J. A niXFA W.1,1110,1t h

DIME ADVICH on the HAIR by a first-elass Professor. Particulars of Complaint (private) to PROF. GRANT, 48. Kensington Gardens Square, Lon lon. A STROLOGY.—Horosenpe of Character and Event., with twl years' future added.—Send birth date, Is. P. 0., Prr f Gantt', 26, Hill it.. Newport, Mon.

alllbiZ - nest tenerittt les ...Loth'. Ilrien trucu te ; Ferlspreads, Tray Cloth, Doyleys. ao. Whol6sale prIc.s.—TRAVIS, Ivy Place, Newton Heath

30 PENNY Pictorial Pcsteards, Bd. ; 1 0,2 s. free. Marvellous v.lue. Money returned if dissatisfied.— P. WILLI4M4. 76, Fin..bury Pavement. London.

A SIOBNOING VALLTH. 60Iit ilver Keylees Watches, 1:1. 6d. hunrlied shlo on Easy Terms. Bend 74,2/Dog NUPPLY COMPANY, 70, Long Lane, B.C.

BPAZAAH (100D4 (Special). 614. and Id. Greatebt aritty an value In the trane.--SALmox & MATHLWMAY, Ltd.. Plough Building', Moueeeter it.. Rlrrulngham.

HOW TO PURCHASII A 131151ig893 "—Just pub lished. Written by an expert; 7 stamps.— N BEM W. PARRY, SOMerViill3 rd., Waterloo. Liverpool.

,t_-1-1 PER CENT. d&VED.--Evervthing supplied. Clocks, s)V Jewellery, C/otting. Furniture, &e. Carriage free.— KELLY. 56, Flan:wet:Ad rd.. Liverpool. Competitiou defied.

HAVit YOU A DULL RAZOR ?—Send for lk sample of my Razor Tablets ; post free, 3d. ; satisfac,lon goararveed. Agents wanted.—IRONMONGER. 69 Wardeend, Sheffield.

AT OUR CHAICACTEB DBLISi,ATI3D from your hand. writing. Send specimen, stamped envelope. and ls P.O to 'VERITA.P,' 50, Beresford Road,Harringsy, Loneon.

ALINDFINSSNS' WASHING BLUR (Chinese Blue. pure). I I By 71be., In pude. 91. ; dry. is. 6d. per lb. C•isb with order ; inn.ples free Osman Ftol3KriTs 63. St John If.

It' ToILLInS nua nottAis lb only rite tor our [Sow 1 Winter Pattnrne of Tweeds, Overeontings and Water- proofs. Beet value in the Kingdom in Cloths and Talors Trimmings —A. OLIPHANT it Co., Manufacturers and Verelanot•. 133, Tronunte. rilnanone.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

Q AN} uHll'S POISON for Killing Rata answers yen. " After one dressing I lo And 136 dead next morn- Mass. Belothorpe. Leighton. " I killed 200 rats eltb Sanford's Polion."-0 Coox. Farmer. ffilleamer destroyed 145 rats with it."—O WILSON, ()Cord —sane. “I itiANFORD SON, Sandy Beds. bold by Übe:Wiwi. Is 2d

lifttOcellantous, On .410a1e5, ett.

CIGAR BANDS for Decorative Purposes ; samples (601111 different), four stamps.—B. doe,Olgar Merchant Slough.

'F'OOTBALL FIXTURE CARDS. Cheapest. bamples free 1: ARNOLD. Athletic Printer, 16, Calderon id, Leyton- stone, N.B.

FOWL CURL 7s 61. 10s. 64. 12e 64. 2401 be. ; Pig Food, 75.6 d. and Pcultry Meal. be. and 10e. per 200Ibe.— ROCHE AND Co.. 15, Goree piazzas,Liverpool. Mention paper.

htotko, Zutitntssitg. Atartsl tit.

TOBACCONIST and General to be bold. Same hands 10 _i_ years.-136 DEVONS RD., BOW.

g mit' eau Plod suur (.:Hont.., It taken at once.-16. PICDDER STREET, Morecambe.

IRAPBRX, HOSIERY BUSINKB4 (small), with Laundry IJ Agency pays rent. 153, Sr. MART'S ROAD, Sheffield.

HAND LAUNDRY for Sale, taking £4 to £5 weekly,owner going abroad,- HAZIER PARK LAUXDRY, 6, Fords Park rd., Canning Town.

Viati AND OHIYa (A.ltrlncharn) ; low rent ; kood trade; 12 good living accommodation ; illneee cause.—. HULME, 24, Viutolia at., Aitrincham.

AGOOD FttllilD FISH and 1:1-11P BUSIFIIiSS for Saha. Lock-up shop. Beit position. Price low. Cause of leaving death.—Address 183. GREAT HOMER EIT., Liverpool.

jilarbmern, etc.

rro BE BOLD, cheap. 16 Engine COVIARS.--.Toenrn I_ Buranna, Hindley Tram Depot, Wigan.

QBVIiN Vertical BOILBRi. for ICOlbs, pressure, cheap.— JoiIEPH BULLOCK, 1-11nriley Tram Depot, Wigan.

(V 4 SAL% 4 n.b.p. Crossley GAS ; all fittings kJ perfect condition.—HOLLINBHEAD, Mitigate, Stockport.

forsto, flog, Etbr *tork Zzr.

&RUH number of first-dais sant« PIGS for sale, Can LA week.—TATLOla, Newton-le-Willows.

DUILK-E RIC D Black and Tan Terrier PUPPIHS, good pedigree ; cheap.-56, H•mtur,br EIT., Bury.

()N SAIM, MARE, 15 bawls ; Liverpool Gig, Four-wheel Dude Car. Harness. Hiding Saddle, and all Contents of Stable.—For particulars apply 111 r. ALBERT G. WILLIAM,, Marpie.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
tnl3t ?ext.

T 0 LBT GOCU ISOM, Parker street, rent 355. month clear.—Apply Worms & cow, Solicitors, Warrington.

JOHN WALKER AND CO.,

PRINTERS,

T'OTERS EXTRA LAIIGE SIZE, 40 x 60 One Sheet. RELIABLE WORK.

MODERATE CHARGES.

NEATNESS AND DESPATCH.

Bali Proarammes In the most artistic style,. Order Books, Check Books, Time Books, etc„ etc. Pamphlets, Periodical Publications, Books. eta., etc. Business Circulars and Cards, Handbills and Wall Posters Bankruptcy Forms, Articles of Association, Prospectuses. Building and other Societies' Rules. Note and Letter Paper,Headings, Memorandum Forms, and Bil'heads. Auctioneers' Bills, Conditions of Sale. and Catalogues. T "E __ XASIINER" PPINTING 0 FFICE

BEIVSEY STREET.

'ale tiplation,

Ottbital.

4.2KAWBED CO ttN OUNR."—lrornediate ease; certata FJ cure; post free 15 .tamps.—W 111 T EHEAD, Morecambe.

INDIGICEITION.—Surrerers can have recipe of England's leading physician for 13d.; cured thousands ; genuine.— W. TOPHIM, 25, Liget Place. Bradford.

F ON IHBUMAIIM and GOU.t. try Buckitw's Health Tea ; sure cure ; post paid for Is. lid. ; write to-day. —Address BUCKLAW'S HEALTH TEA, 83. Grainger at., Darlington.

iNontp,

14 to £5,000.--IN rIGRILST 48. in the £.—Call or .d.ot write to MANAGF:R. 21 Dixon et.. Warrington.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

AUGUST 19111 1905.

It looks as if the Peace TELE PEACE Conference at the

NEGOTIATIONS. American

Portsmouth

would fail. Japan has demanded, as everybody knew she would demand, the cession of Saghalien, and a " reimbursement " for her expenses in the war. " Reimburse- 1 ment " is an admirably diplomatic term. it means indemnity, but sounds like something else. We are told that Russia will pay neither in money nor in territory, as she considers such demands injurious to her dignity. She offers Korea to Japan, and is willing to evacuate Manchuria, which evacuation, by the way was promised several times before the war. When Russia makes a pledge, violates it, and then fights an unsuccessful campaign, she seems to think that 1 the fulfilment of her pledge, brought about by the fortune of war, is an ample atonement to her victorious adversary. The Japanese do not think so, nor does anybody else. Russia is beaten in this war, and she cannot evade the penalty she has brought. upon herself. If she I had been victor she would have exacted an indemnity from Japan, and would not have called it " reimbursement." But now the boot is on the other leg she imagines that she can defy both precendent and common sense. 31. Wirrn must have known quite well before he left St. Petersburg that Japan would insist on the formal retrocession of Saghalien, which was originally her property. He must have known that she would demand an indemnity. Was he prepared to accede to their demands after a vigorous protest, or was he instructed by the CZAR to break off the negotiations when they touched a vital point for Russian hoinoer ? The situation is obscure. It hardly seemed worth M. WITTE'S while to go to America if he were not empowered to accept the terms he knew to be inevitable. But he may have thought that a dramatic rejection of those terms would make a favourable impression in America, where Russia is anxious to revive her good name. The ingenious persons who are attached to the staff of M. WITTE'S mission are busily circulating remarkable state- ments about the war. It has not gone very badly for Russia after all. The Japanese successes are trifling ; moreover, they have been greatly exag- gerated at Tokio. Look at the time it has taken OYAMA. to reach his present position. The Russians have only to remain on the de- fensive and Japan will be helpless. Her finances are in a very bad state. She has borrowed all she can, and very soon she will be exhausted. It is true that Saghalien is in her hands at present, and that Russia cannot recover it until she has another navy. But that will all come in good time. Meanwhile, there is not the smallest reason why she should agree to the cession of the island, Such are the argu- ments put forward by M. WITTE'S secretaries and newspaper sympathisers. They have not had much effect upon the world in general. Few people believe that Russia is in a condition to carry on the war indefinitely. There is small prospect of its ceasing to be a bureaucratic war and becoming a national war. The hearts of the Russian people have never been in it; why should they embrace it now ? The financial credit of Russia is much worse than that of Japan. The Alikado's Govern- ment can borrow all the money it wants, and the Mikados troops can seize an immense tract of Russian territory on the Amur, to say nothing of Vladivostock. The assumption that a waiting game would pay Russia better than acquiescence in Japn's peace proposals is an extremely hazard- ous speculation.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
A Strike Averted.

We are pleased to learn that the representa- tives of employers and employed in the cotton trade have arrived at an amicable settlement of their dispute. Strikes, at best, occasion much unhappiness and it is with feelings of satisfaction that, in this case at any rate, a strike has been averted and that a conciliatory attitude prevails between the masters and men. A gratifying feature of the protracted conference at Manchester has been the splendid spirit shown by both parties to the dispute. Neither can claim a victory, which is perhaps as well, though the operatives are to ba congratulated en obtaining a bonus for three I months. While not equal to a 5 per cent. advance, the gain is considerable and fully merited by the improved trade conditions. The "Trade" and the Council._

_ - We hear there is a strong probability of at least four publicans entering the lists for municipal honours next November. The licensed victuallers are much concerned about the operations of the Compensation Act, and are anxious to strengthen their position by increased repro- sentatim on the Town Council, though that

authority does not, of course, constitute the Compensation Committee, which is composed entirely of magistrates. It will be a matter to be greatly deplored if the brewing and licensing interest on the Town Council is strengthened. The malign influence of "the trade" on local affairs has long been a bye-word in Warrington, and just now the Council is freer from the brewer and the publican than we ever remember it to have been. There are only three gentlemen in the Council including the Mayor, who are connected with the drink traffic—a numerical proportion which is ada- quate and perhaps not excessive. Without any antipathy to the publicans es individuals—most of them are estimable men—we should be very sorry to see them striving for a stronger hand in the management of the town's affairs, and it will be I the bounden duty of the temperance societies and such progressive bodies as the Social Ssrvice !League, Municipal Reform Association, and Free I Church Council to strenuously oppose any attempt on their part to bolster up trade interest. 1 The Walton Show.

For once the members of the Warrington and District Agricultural Society have been favoured with a really fine day for their annual show. As a result the attendmce at Walton on Thursday was probably a record, for thousands of Warring- tonians who would not lay claim to any special knowledge of agriculture, were only to) pleased to spend the afternoon amid the delightful surround- ings of Sir Gilbert Greenelt's demesne. The show itself fully maintained the high reputation of the society wnich from very small beginnings has risen to the front rank of local exhibitions. As usual the ' splendid display of horses was the great feature and would have done credit to larger shows than War- rington. It was particularly gratifying that the exhibitors more than held their own in the open sections, notwithstanding very keen competition. Successful as was the show,however,the afternoon's pleasure was marred by a serious accident which, for the time being,created consternation. Hitherto the Warrington Show has enjoyed an immunity from such unfortunate occurences, and the affair —which was purely accidental—occasioned very genuine regret.

Next American President. The election of a new President of the United States does not recur until 1908, but our cousins are never slow in these matters, and the topic has been under frauk and apparently cheerful discus- sion for months past. There are three or four prime favourites ; there may be others as time spins its changes. Secretary Taft, Senator Foraker, and Governor Herrick are at present making the running in that order, and they are all Buckees. They all come from Ohio, and Ohio provides the Republic with more men for the top offices than any other State does. The Secretary for War, the " Times" correspondent suggests, is easly first to-day. He was, to all intents and pur- poses Secretary of State when Mr. Hay went abroad for his health,and President Roosevelt was lately advising those who had high State business to transact in his own absence to "see Taft,' so that the phrase has become a colloquialism As Civil Governor, Mr. Taft straightened out the tangle in the Pailippines, three years ago, but though his heart was in that work the great lawyer bowed to President Roosevelt's order to come home and manage the War Office, and it is believed that he would further sacrifice his feelings and, at the bidding of his compatriots, undertake from White House the management of the Re- public. It is a tribute to American versatility that the War Secretary is said to have ambitions run- ning in the direction of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. Mr. Roo should have an equally good chance if it were a question only of quality and not of State senti- ment.

A Neglected Possession. The things which are nearest our hands are the most neglected. Tnese are days when most things are turned to money, if it be at all possible ; yet,as a correspondent of a contemporary points out, English people habitually ignore the profit-pro- ducing possibilities of one of Nature's gifts to them. All through the country this month great crops of blackberries are ripe and ready for use. Com- paratively little of the fruit—in proportion to the immense quantities that come to maturity—is picked or eaten. Yet it is not that English people do not like blackberries. There is probably no fruit which is more generally in favour, and in the London market it is readily sold. But the black- berries which reach the Londoner are not the fruit of the country districts of England. They come from Brittany, where the rural population, spurred on, of course, by the enterprise of shippers, engage regularly, and with much pecuniary success, in the work of harvesting the wild fruit. At best it is a poor article that gets to London, Iwith all the juice squeezed out of it and a Iwooden flavour; but as no better can be obtained I owing to the lack of enterprise at home, it has, ' perforce, to be put up with. What the trade means to Brittany may be gathered irom the fact that the amount realised from it last year was over £B,OOO the wholesale merchants in this coantry paying at the rate of £lO or £l2 per ton for the fruit. It seems a pity that we should go lacross the Channel for fruit which we could get in better condition if there were only some organised Ilsystem of collection among the inhabitants of I rural districts.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
Is Scotland on the Down Grade?

This question is asked in a—ct-i-. 1;;;; 'number of a leading -eview. It suggests Dr. Johnson's famous joke about a Scotchn3an's best prospect. It reminds one of astonishing figures given awhile ago es to the proportion of responsible positions held by Scots in England—bank manager- ships, insurance managerships, actuarial and other positions requiring at once responsi- bility and sagacity. It was a surprise to most people. Clannishness would not explain it. Men have to be fit to hold these places, and it is not enough to say that there are others equally fit who were not called. " Malagrowther's " observa- tions in the " National Review " are quite of the serious order. He complains that Scottish litera- ' tura is a thing of the past. The publications, he says, are nearly all "educational " or informative ; they have no inspiration about them. Since the death of Burns " Scotland," he adds, " has pro- duced only two poets, and these second raters, James Hogg and Alexander Smith." It is only right that credit should be given to the quality of Scotch journalism, and that it should be remem- bered also that some Englishmen should have been allowed to participate in it. Comparison may safely be made with anything else of the kind that is done in the country, and though the imagination seems to have dulled as regards belles lettres and art, Scotland has still raised within its own borders magnificient 'milers. In the South African War they did splendidly, and reminded us that Scot- land has greater qualities than those of mere money-getting. It has got money, nevertheless, and the writer is correct in saying, so far as statis- tics will guide, that the country is now better oft than ever. Even its golf courses have helped.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

WEEK ENDING AUGUST 12th, 1905.

During the week, the following births and deaths were registered:—Warrington Registration District births, 37, deaths, 32. The excess of births over deaths was 5. The birth-rate was equal to 26.3. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 24.0 per 1,000 against 17.2 the average of the prevte us 4 weeks and against 21.3 the corresponding period of last year. The death rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 6.0 per 1,000, against 4.1 the average rate of the previous 4 weeks and against 9•9 the corresponding period of 1904. The ages of mortality were:- 04 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65—up. Total 12 3 1 10 6 32.

The deaths included-1 from measles, C from diarrhoea, 2 from enteritis, 3 from phthisis, 1 from other tubercular diseases, G from lung diseases, 13 from all other causes. The following eases of infectious diseases have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever, 1 case. Total number of patients in hospital, week ending 12th August, 1905, 22. J. GUEST GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Conscription will never be accepted by the people. of England.—ltev. Thomas Cole in the "Fortnightly. * * * We are glad to hear that there is a continued ini- provement in the health of Mr. Sam Woods, president of the Lancashire County Miners' Federation.

hill r

• * * "An odd thing that I have noticed when the average Englishman or Englishwoman speaks French is that they seem ashamed to give it anything at all re- sembling the true accent. I believe they think it sounds affected ! "—" Truth." * * * There is a happy hunting ground' at the corner of Liverpool road and Mikup street for the members of our" Beautiful Warrington Societ)." The smell of Gorgonzola at its best—or worst—cannot approach that which permeates the atmosphere at this point. During the trial of a case in the City of London Court it transpired that tinned fruit exported from abroad is often stored in public warehouses in Londoa for as long as 10 years, and that the contents are per- fectly good at the end of that time, being sold on the London markets at highly remunerative prices. Such longevity will put even the railway sandwich to shame! * * And now, in these later days, the Church ba4 fallen into almost obscurity as a power in the moral and civic life of the nations. Its form remains, its habiliments are still gorgeous, but it walks behind, not in front of the State, and its gestures and speecLi are almost unheeded in the great march of the nation. "'Labour Leader."

* * * Is the British race dying out? The startling intelligence is contained in the quarterly return of the Registrar-General that the birth-rate for the second quarter of 1905 "is the lowest birth-rate recorded in any second quarter since civil registration was estab- lished." The actual figures were equivalent to 27.3 per 1,000 of the population, the mean rate in ten pre- ceding second quarters being 204. * * * _ _

"I never give a penny to missions or hospitals. A 9 for missions, when I see a professedly Christian army showing the same high level of sobriety and morality shown by the Japanese, and the average British workingman as sober, industrious, and peaceful as the average Chinese or Hindu, it will be time to think of them. The need of medical aid is what we all experi- ence more or less, snd can be insured against."—Mr. Henry Wilson in the "Times."

*s* Mr. Philip Snowden, writing in the current number of the " Independent," is pleased to state that " Lb° work of promoting reform by legislation has passed- away from the Liberal Party." Of course, we can readily understand that there is only one party which is" promoting reform "—the party to which one belongs. We are pleased to learn, however, that the Liberal Party is credited with some reforms in the' past. That, at any rate, is an admission which most speakers on the I.L.P. platform will not grant. * * * Few people, perhaps, have any adequate conception of the amount of correspondence which passes through the post in the course of a year. in 1890 each inhabitant of the United Kingdom (including infants) was represented by a delivery of 45 letters. In 1001 and in each of the two previous years, the deliveries per head had risen to 61. The Briton of to-day i 5 indeed a ready writer :—Newspapers, book packets, circulars, and samples have multiplied in the 15 years from 6371 millions to 1,022 1-10 millions.

* * * The wail of the brewers is very heartrending, 0.131 we can sympathise with them in their business losses. It is very gratifying, however, to hear on their authority that there is a marked decrease in beer- drinking among the working-classes. This should, of course, result in the spread of temperance .0 sobriety. The evidence in this connection is, how" ever, not so strong, and until we see temperance' societies booming, and a considerable fall in tin national drink bill, we shall be sceptical of any re3l change for the better in the habits of the people. The outlook is, nevertheless, distinctly bright for temper" • ance workers.

* * * An amusing incident occurred at the Warrington. County Court on Thursday. A witness had been called into the box and the usher was proceeding to administer the oath when it was found that the testa- ment was missing. X hasty search proved fraitlesg and a lady who had recently completed her testimony was appealed to as to the whereabouts of the missing book. At first she appeared to be in doubt as to tvlint she had done with it when to her great surprise she dis- covered it on her knee. It was promptly restored and the business of the court was resumed.

* * When is our Library Committee going to arrive a definite decision with regard to " blacking out" a betting news from the newspapers in the 'ReadinX Room? The last step taken was to give instructioagvi for observations to be made and it is time that al? , matter was again brought forward. Meanwhile it 1: interesting to note the effect of the "blacking out "01 betting columns at,St. Helens. On Wednesday, 31r" A. Lancaster, librarian, reported that previous to th° putting in force of the resolution legitimate net° readers were greatly hindered by crowds round tbe betting pages, ltut this had been altogether remedied, and better order prevailed. This is surely aniPl'3. justification for the departure.

* People passing the Horsemarket-street Chaml3ers on Sunday evening were attracted by the cries of little girl from within the passage. It transpired tha, the youngster had been " larking " with some cora, panions who in a spirit of playfulness bad pushed ber-6 into the passage and pulled the door to. They wart somewhat alarmed to find that the door would a° , open and the imprisoned child by crying lustily st°- ceeded in bringing policemen to her aid. It will however, impossible to obtain the key of the door al efforts to reach the prisoner by climbing through We windows and offices above were of no avail. last expedient the back door of the premises forced open and the girl gladly rejoined her friend-4 after an hour and a half's captivity. * "The churchyard and the church are all one: tbeZ are the vicar's freehold." Thus says the Rev. 11- CocTer of Thornton, Leicestershire, in reply to a a0,'13,, plaint against his allowing sheep to graze in I'3 churchyard. In effect he tells the parishioners to their own business and points out that the aniir.. " right " they can claim is to be buried in the chnr,c,,, yard. Moreover he adds contemptuously that will gladly bury them all." Here is another stral argument for disestablishment and disendowmea The parishioners ought to have some say in the mattt?„. when the vicar so far forgets the sacredness of "God'. acre" as to turn it to a grazing ground.

„, *— Mr. L. Outhwaite, the determined opponent of. 111: Chamberlain in West Birmingham will visit Warrelt ton in the Liberal interest on September 18th 19th. He is the great authority—it anyone can claim to the title—on Chinese Labour and will his addresses to the question of imported yellow 1?1 in our South African Colony. Mr. Outhwaite Australian and was sent out to South Africa to oP the introduction of Chinese Labour—its disadvantAlF 04 and dangers being fully realised in the Austr re; Commonwealth. With a valuable experience the,asi fore of what Chinese Labour is, Mr. Outhwaite come to England to fight the author of its introduce into South Africa. We are sure the workingmen will be glad to give Mr. OuthwelLB,. patient bearing and some encouragement in his ul” struggle. Warrii?gt

t * "Whatever happened South Aftica must be keP. goi white man's country." This was the counsel by General Louis Botha in a speech at the fulej; meeting of the Pretoria Branch of the Amalgaillacii 1 Society of Engineers. The whole tone of the sPe`i.,,,i; was eminently friendly and shows that Gelle,, show , Botha's wish is that Briton and Boer Sink their differences and work for the co—‘,ol, good of the Colony. South Africa, he 4isb. was one of the most promising colonies of the Br, , Empire. There .was room in it for everybodf .06, radical alterations would have to take place to irnPl ipt? the conditions of life in such a way that evernnereo; the country could be made happy. The Cili'e„Ref sections of the white people must join hands to 13:0174, one great race in the country. They must British Government that they were a peoPle rata', merited confidence,and that they were able,whateve 00 responsibility laid on their shoulders, to bearsoutu : responsibility together. Whatever happeuod, The! Africa must be kept a white man's country. races . must get the different sections of the white sad; '. together and make a united race for themvive'.oooo i counsel coming from such, a quarter significant.

A

1 I

, ; lab° . , trringt.. visite pia '1 frii'xi

I

! 'V 1 ~ A ih :

===== 0002601_19050819_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050819_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050819_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050819_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 19, 1905.

Appointment of School Attendance Officer. Mr. George A. Donaldson, 81, Laira-street, War- rington has been appointed assistant school attend- ance officer under the Warrington Education Committee, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Mr. Scarisbrick. About 100 applications were received or the post.

The Investigation Committee. The committee appointed to investigate certain charges against members of the Corporation has con- cluded its sittings. The evidence is regarded as of such importance that counsel's opinion is to be taken as to any further steps that may be considered necessary.

Warrington Bridge. Vice-Admiral Sir George Nares, Acting Conservator of the Mersey, has consented to receive a deputation from the Town Council to ask him to reconsider his refusal to sanction the widening of Warrington Bridge by cantilevers. The meeting will take place in Liver- pool next week.

Husband's Tragic Discoirery. About ten o'clock on Monday night, on returning from a week's holiday he had been spending at Worcester, Mr. Herod, an ironmonger, of 69, Cross- lane, Earlestown, was unable, to obtain admittance to his house. Eventually he forced an entrance through a window at the rear of the house, and immediately detected a strong smell of gas. He traced the escape to a study, where he was horrified to find his wife lying on a cone' quite dead. The unfortunate woman, who was about thirty-five years of age, had telegraphed to her husband on Monday, asking him to return at once as she was unwell.

Death of Mr. John Critchley. I We record with regret the death of Mr. John Critchley, of Brightside, Fentahead, which occurred in his 04th year. Mr. Critchley, who was a well- known and highly respected Warringtonian had been a sufferer for a considerable time from paralysis, and his illness took an acute turn on Wednesday, death supervening on Sunday. Many years ago he was fore- man glass cutter for Messrs. Robinson and Bolton, and also carried on business in town as a baker and provision dealer. He was actively associated with the Brick-street Sunday School, acting as superintend- ent and had been connected with the Friars-green Independent Methodist Chapel in all its various offices. He was also connected with the British ' Workman Restaurant Company, and was one of the managers of the Warrington Permanent Benefit Building Society. He took no public part in politics, ' but held Liberal views. He leaves a widow and a son and daughter. The funeral took place on Wednesday 'afternoon at the Warrington Cemetery the service being conducted by Mr. W. Brough, assisted by Mr. W. Wright. The principal mourners were Messrs. Thomas and James Critchley (brothers), J. Gerrard (brother-in-law), William and James, E. and. S Critchley, and W. Woods (nephews), Masters John and William Malcom Barlow (grandsons). Amongst. others present were Messrs. T. Sudlow, S. Dale, J. Gandy, J. Mason, J. Hudson, Ezard, J. Birch, G Monnfield, W. Mounfield, J. hlonnfleld, Chambers, C. Jackson Holmes and W. Roberts, representing the British Workman Company, W. Mercer and Dr. Bennett. The Warrington Workingmen's Permanent Benefit Building Society was also represented. Many beautiful floral tributes were placed on the grave.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS.

The Cotton Crisis.

---- Strike Averted.---Concession to Operatives.

Five Per Cent. Bonus.

A CONCILIATION SCEIEME SUGGESTED.

After a conference extending over two days and last ing nearly twenty hours, the representatives of employers and employed in the cotton trade on Thursday night arrived at a peaceful settlement, the terms of which are appended. The agreement, athich has been signed by the secre- tary of each organisation represented, is as follows :- 1. That the federation withdraw its application for a 5 per cent, reduction in the Bolton area. 2. That the operatives withdraw their applica- tion for a 5 per cent. increase in wages in the federation area exclusive of Bolton. 3. That the federation of operatives agrees to 5 per cent, bonus being paid for twelve weeks from the first pay day in September, to be paid monthly at all federation mills, exclusive of the Bolton

area. 4. At the end of the twelve weeks the bonus shall lapse and the present rate of wages 81:1411 be paid until the Ist of March, 1906, after which date either side shall be at liberty to take whatever action shall be deemed de.irable with regard to wages advance or reduction. 5. That the joint committees meet together as early as possible for the purpose of framing some scheme for the automatic regulation of wages in future.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
CORN LAW MEMORIES.

---- Things We Mast Not Forget.

In "Corn Law Memories" Mr. J. K. Snowden con- tributes to the Contemporary a gruesome story of the bad times in England previous to Corn Law repeal. Thrifty, religious, excellent people were reduced to almost incredible privations. Mr. Snowden's grand- father ran a weaving shed at Cowling, a Yorkshire village on the Lancashire border. There came a time when my grandmother had nothing to give her children. . . • Being a devout man, my grandfather made them all kneel down and prayed for food, and next morning there was a sack of potatoes in the cellar, lie accepted it with pious grati- tude, asking no questions; but I happen to know that it was stolen for him by a man who was himself "clamming." People were glad to make a meal of nettles,. of stolen turnips, of nuts, of hips and haws, An 'Lush doctor , who went through the manufacturing districts describes the people's food as" oatmeal and water for breakfast, flour and water with a little skimmed milk for dinner, oatmeal and water again for a third meal." In one place a young man who took some potatoes from a huckster's shop was followed to his home. They found an aged mother and two sisters dependent on him. There was a pot upon the fire. On the shop- keeper asking the mother if she knew where her son had got the potatoes, she replied, No ; I was afraid to Ask.' He went to the pot and found a portion of a dead dog, which they were boiling to eat with the potatoes. Mr. Snowden winds up his recital with the remark that the Select Committee 011810 published a body of evidence which showed there had not been one really prosperous year since the Corn Law of 1815 was adopted. This is a page of history which the English people just now can by no means afford to forget.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
GLASGOW'S TRAMWAY PROFITS.

The report of the Glasgo-v Corporation Tramways Committee shows that in the twelve months ended May 31 last the total income from the tramways amounted to £764,790; while the working expenses, excluding depreciation, were £387,167; leaving a balance of £377,623 to be carried to the revenue account. In other words the tramway system of Glasgow is being conducted at something like 50 per cent. Of expenses to receipts. Compared with the previous twelve months this year's gross balance shows an increase of £10,352.

METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was Cl Fah and therefore 2 deg. lower than the preceding week The maximum temperature G9F., was recorded on the 7th inst., and the minimum temperature 40F., on the 12th inst.

CRAWFORD'S

CREAM CRACKERS

===== 0002601_19050819_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CRISP AND CREAMY.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SHOW.

BEAUTIFUL WEATHER AND A RECORD EXHIBITION AT WALTON. Serious Accident to a Stud Groom.

Perfect weather, a record entry, and. a splendid attendance of the general public combined to make the Warrington ard District Agricultural Society's sixteenth annual show which was held in Walton Mirk on Thursday the most successful yet organized. The promoters had every reason to congratulate themselves upon being thus favoured. From early in the morn- ing until well on in the day there was brilliant sun- shine while a pleasant breeze tempered the heat. it was only at the close of the show when most of the spectators had started for home that a smart shower was experienced. The Society is indeed fortunate in having the .picturesquely situated grounds at Walton placed at its disposal each year, and the president, Sir Gilbert Greentill, Bart, earns the cordial thanks of all well-wishers of the show by making this concession. A prettier and more suitable place for the exhibition it would not be possible to find within such easy access of the town. Bordered by luxurious foliage,the park corn- mands a very pleasing view of Cheshire country which dll Thursday was looking at its best. A great many people who could hardly be said to be interested in . agriculture availed themselves of the opportunity of spending a few hours amid such delightful surround- ings and breathing the pure country air. As usual , Sir Gilbert threw upon his beautifully-kept gardens and the roomy stables and piggeries were also I inspected with interest. During the day five thousand people from Warrington and aistries , visited the show and the usually peaceful village of Walton presented quite an animated scene. There was an almost continuous stream of vehicles, special omnibuses being run from Warrington. As to the , show itself, it more than maintained the fine reputa- tion which the Warrington Society has already estab- lished. The entries numbered 45S as compared with 416 last year arid constituted a record. While there , was a slight decrease in the munly,r of shire horses shown, it was more than compensated for by an increase in the bunter, hackney, and harness classes. In the cattle section the entries were exactly the same as last year, but a slight increase was noticed in the pig classes. There was also an advance in the exhibits of cheese, but the butter classes were extremely badly supported, only seven competitors entering. War- rington show has long been noted for US excellent dis- play of horses, and this was again the outstanding : feature. Some of the finest animals in the country were to be seen, and exceptionally keen competition in several classes made the task of the judges by no means easy. Mr. Jamesl Gould, of Lyann, was again a foremost exhibitor and scored a series of brilliant successes. He carried off the district champion cup value £lO presented by Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., a special prize value \ g,5, given by Mr. F. Stapleton Bretherton, and numerous other awards. The jumping contest aroused great interest and excitement ran high when the com- petitors were leaning the various obstacles. The Victory of Mr. F. V.Granger's " Nomination " was an I exceedingly popular one. Unfortunately a serious accident marred the pleasure of the afternoon. Joseph Hewitt, stud groom in the employ of Mr. Robert Needham, Berton Lodge, Knutsford, ,was . leading a young hunter from the judging ring when the animal became restive. Hewitt had allowed it too much rein and was unable to keep the horse in hand, with the result that he was knocked down and severely kicked about the head. He was carried to the Secretary's tent insensible, and Drs. Bowden, Braide, and Bowers were quickly on the scene. They found that both the unfortunate man's jaws as well as his nose had been broken, and after first aid had been rendered he was conveyed to tie Warrington Infirmary. His eondi- tion remains serious. _ _ _ .

..... The arrangements for the show had been ad mirably carried out, the officials having spared no pains to ensure the success of the event. Special praise is due ,to Mr. H. Beresford Melville who discharged the secretarial duties. The band of the Yorkshire Hussars was in attendance and, under the conductorship of Mr. S. Cramer-Suckley, submitted a choice programme. Their excellent playing called forth the highest encemiums which frequently found expression in hearty applause. It was the general opinion that the music was one of the most enjoyable features of the day and the band cannot be too highly complimented upon its performances.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
FEATURES OF THE SHOW.

As is always the case, the shire horses came first and foremost among the many interesting features of the show. No better exhibits have been seen at Walton and the tVarrington show has a due reputation for its shires. Mr. James Gould, of Lynam, NNW the most prominent exhibitorAin the district classes "Arley Metal " owned by Mr. James Gould which won the first prize in the class for brood mare four years old with foal nt foot is the mother of the noted stallion " Lymm Lion." She is of splendid bone and feather and has won every time she has been exhibited. The only occa- sion on which she has been shown this year was at Birkenhead, when she carried off the 50 guinea cup. Mr. Gould's " Lyram Lass " which came second in the same class, has for eleven years in succession always won a prize. Mr. Gould also won a first prize with his "Lymm Tom," a splendid foal which was reserve for the cup. Mr. Samuel G. Gould won the first prize with a brown filly foal, which made its first appearance in the show ring. It has fine feather and weight and good movement, and gained practically a walk over. " Cattrall Black Prince," owned by Mr. James Gould, which carried off the first prize in the yearling colt or gelding section, has already gained laurels. In addition to carrying off the third award at the London Shire Show, it secured first at Birkenhead, second at Peter- borough, and first at Liverpool. These are the only occasions on which the animal has been shown this season. In the yearling filly class there was a very close contest between the brown shown by Messrs. H. and R. Ainscough, of Risley, and Mr. Benjamin Wright's (Mobberly) bay, the prize going to Messrs. A inscough. Mr. James Gould gained the premier honours in the two-year-old colt or gelding class with the brown colt " Lymm Spark" which has only made one previous appearance this season, when it gained a first at Prescot in the class for any age. The two-year-old bay "Lymm Blossom " was , a notable winner, carrying off the District Champion Cop presented by Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., the gold 1 medal offered by the Shire Horse Society (London) and the special prize of £5 given by Mr. F. Stapleton IBretherton. She is a good all-round foal with a quiet and excellent movement and has a splendid record of successes, being second at London, first at Derbyshire and West Midland, first at Birkenhead, and third at Liverpool. "Lymm Bloom " the successful :three-year-old filly is another animal of which Mr. Gould has just reason to be proud, having been first at 13.rbyshire and West Midland, first and champion at Birkenhead, and second at the Royal Lancashire show. She is without doubt one of the best foals in the country Mr. Gould scored several excellent successes with shires already mentioned in the open classes. There were some capital exhibits in the gelding classes. There was keen competition in the class for gelding foaled in 1901-1902, between Mr. Edward Davies's (Partington) "Duke" and Mr. 11. E. Gibbon's (Lymm) " Chief " but Mr. Davies's grey was much the bigger animal, with very good legs and feet, and the judges awarded it the first prize. The " Chief " was a very weighty animal, while the third winner (Mr. John Whitlows "Captain") was a very big horse with not much weight. The open class for geldings four years old and upwards included some of the finest animals in England. Mr. A. C: Sparkes' (Altrincham) brown "Oldfield Duke" was the premier winner. Considering its show career this horse has kept nn wonderfully well. It was first at London and a peculiar circumstance is that there, as at the Walton Show, the second award went to Mr. Edward Davies's (Partington) "Invincible." Since the London show, however, "Invincible "has improved considerably and ran its rival very close. Mr. Joseph Park's (Retford) " Blackbird "was a third, being a very good, weighty horse, but not so largi as the other two. Before leaving the shire section, it should be noted that Mr. S. W. Gould failed to enter his foal in the filly foal (district) class or he would almost certainly have won the second prize, as his exhibit had previously beaten the second and third prize-winners in the district class. A notable feature of the shire classes was that the champion, first, second and third reserves were all by Mr. James Gould's " Lymm Lion," while the fourth reserve was "Lymm Lion's dam." The hackneys were a class of unusually high merit, and would have done credit to any local exhibi- tion in the country. Mr. John Makeagne, Golborne Park, was a prominent exhibitor, and his name , figured frequently in the prize list. In the breed- I ing classes, Mr. Makeague secured the premier I award with the thirteen-year-old "Dairy Maid " —a very stylish animal out of old " Ophelirt's " dam Mr. A. C. ApArkss's " Rosemary " is a strong mare of a totally different type, by" Rosacior," while Mr. Good. son's " Polly Ailsa,' the third, is again of another type. There were some promising foals. Very neat and a ell- fashioned is Mr. Makes:7.llo'a bay colt, out of his tidy mare, and sired by " Maze II." " Heathfield Pansy" had quite an easy win in the yearling class. The two or three year old class was headed by Mr. Makeagne's three year old gelding " Gainsboro," probably one of the best geldings of his age, being beautiful in shape and move- ment. Ile was reserve to " Heathfleld Squire" at Liver- pool for the Championship Cup. There was a paddock flit of pony brood mares and of their foals. Harness

classes were splendidly filled, and " Gainshoro "won again, next to him being a smart little pony by" Sir Horace." In the open class under fourteen Miss Clarke's "Berkeley Bobs "won nicely from Mr. T. P. Robinson's " Pinderfield Ruby." and in the class above that height and under fifteen hands Mr. J. S. Sykes's " Fylde Sabrinetta" was a splendid winner. In the larger height class Mr. A. E. Evans's roan won well, but "Silver Ness " ran it very closely for second place. Hunters were a splendid feature. Mr. Robert Need- ham's " Merry maid,"—a useful mare able to breed strong hunters—was first in the breeding classes which are confined to the district. Lady Greenall took second with" Virtue "a good-looking brown, but did not com- pete for a prize, and Mrs. Griffiths's famous old mare Lady Templar " took the money and Sir Gilbert's premium for the best tenant farmer's animal. Third went to Mr. T. P,roady's grey mare. There was a regrettable loaness of entries in the foal section, only two animals being on show. Both the winners are by , " Beckenham." Yearlings varied much, the best being a I bay colt out of Mrs. Geitfiths's old mare, and sired by I "Johnny Morgan." It took the premium also, and the , Hunter Society's medal. The second was a" Methuen " filly, out of the first prize mare. There were some good young hunters in the two or three-year-old class, which was perhaps the best in this section. The saddle classes of hunters were remarkably well filled, and came both from far afield and near home. First there were four- teen equal to carry thirteen stone and not more than fourteen and a half. They were to be novices and not to have won a prize value five pounds. The next class was for horses up to over the top weight of the last and also for novices. Two first-class hunters headed the list. Then came the similar open classes. There was exceedingly keen competition in that for the middle weights the judges having great difficulty in making the awards.

The cattle classes were exceptionally creditable for a local show. The dairy cows were an excellent class, and it is doubtful whether they could be excelled at any local exhibition. There were not many entries of dairy cows in milk, but the quality of the animals was very good. The heifer class on the whole was hardly so good. There was a very useful show of hulls, especi- ally in the younger classes, while the class for bulls born in 1903-4 was exceptionally fine, though Mr. J. R. New- ton's " English Melody" was a very easy first. So keen was the competition in the class for heifers born in 1903 that there was a diversity of opinion between the judges, and a referee had to be called in to decide the awards. 'THE JUMPING CONTEST. To the general public the most interesting feature of the day's proceedings was the jumping contest. As usual a grand stand had been erected, from which a more complete view of the proceedings could be obtained, and it was largely patronized. The ring with its background of beautiful trees is ideally situated, and ' the scene when the spectators had assembled was full of colour and animation. The contest itself was a splendid one, prizes of £2O, £l5, £lO and ,C 5 beiug offered. Eleven competitors put in an appearance, and they included Mr. John Taylor, of Ormskirk, a well- known horseman, who has had the honour of an 'intro- duction to the King. The horses had to leap over several gates, a fence, and a pool of water and, as may readily be imagined, the contest afforded plenty of excitement. One of the riders was thrown, but did not sutler any injury. After an exacting test the judges awarded the first prize to Mr. F. V. Grange, Oak House, Fanadon, whose gelding " Nomination " cleared all obstacles in splendid style. The other winners were :-2nd, —Bromley, The Priory, Shrewsbury; 3rd, John Taylor, Ormskirk ; 4th, G. Leelson, Manor House. Bromboro'.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050819_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LUNCHEON.

I At the invitation of the president (Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart.) a large gathering ass.mbled for ' luncheon. Sir Gilbert presided and Lady Greenall was also present, The catering was in the hands of Alessrs. Bolland's of Chester, wno provided an excellent in.2,itu. At the close the president announced that owing to the increased entries, the judging was occupying consider- ably longer than usual,and it had therefore been decided to dispense with speech-making. Before separating, however, the company drank to the health of" The King "and on the proposition of Mr. Wilson hearty cheers were also given for Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall. • THE JUDGES. •The following were the judges.—Shires and draught horses : Mr. W. Howkins, Rugby ; Mr. John Lewis, Garthmyl. Hunters : Rev. E. A. Milne, :M.P.H., Dorchester; Mr. TeasdaleHutchinson,Catterick Bridge. Hackneys and harness : Mr. A. C. Carr, Braxton, Chester ; Mr. 1?. W. Buttle, Kirkham Manor, Dri Jumpers : Mr. C. W. Wilson. Rig:no/lon Park, Kirkby Lonsdale ; Mr. E. W. Gritflth, Plasnewydd. Cattle : Nfr. R. Hobbs, Gloucester; Mr. W. Bewley, Warwick. Pigs : Colonel Walker-Jones, Burton, Westmorland. Butter and cheese : Mr. T. Welsby, Rhyl.

THE PRIZE LIST. SHIRRS.

DISTRICT CLARSES.-Brood mare 4 years old and upwards with foal at foot: 1 and 2, James Gould, Model Farm, Lymm, Cheshire; 3, Colonel R. Ireland 131ackburne, C. 8., Hale Hall, near Liver- pool; r, E. R. Gandy, Acton Hall, Northwich. Mare 4 )ears old and upwards without foal: 'l, Joseph Knowles, Booth Bank Farm, Agden, Altrinc- ham ; 2, James Gould, Model Farm, Lymm. Colt foal: 1. James Gould, Model Farm, Lymm; 2, James Lowe, Mere Hall Farm, Knutsford ; 3, Walter Cunningham, Gorsey Cop, Gateacre; r, Richard Clarke, Warburton Park. Filly foal : 1, Samuel W. Gould, Foxley Hall Lymm ; 2 and prem., Thomas Percival, Moss Side, near Warringtoa ; 3,Colonel R. Ireland Blackburne, C., 8., Hale Hall, near Liverpool : r, Alfred Broome, Windmill Farm, Preston Brook. Yearling colt or gelding : 1, James Gould, Model Farm, yrum ; 2, Walter Cunningham, Gorsey Cop, Gateacre ; 3, George Smith, Cransha.w Hall, Bold, near Widnes. Yearling : 1, H. and R. Ainscougla, Woods End Farm, Risley, Warrington ; 2, Benjamin Wright, 13aguley Green Farm, Mobberley ; 3, N. Pennington, Bollington, Altrincham ; r, Alfred Broome Windmill Farm, Preston Brook, Warrington. Two-year-old colt or gelding: I, James Gould, Model Farm, Lymmo ; 2, Thomas Booth, Booth's-lane, Lyntra, Two-year-old filly: 1, James Gould, Model Farm, Lymm ; 2, Isaac Dilworth, Ramshrook Farm, dialelmak, Widnes ; 3, William Blackshaw, Greenside Farm,Hatton, near Warrington. Three-year-old filly: 1, James Gould, Model Farm, Lynam; 2, Sam W. Gould, Foxley Hall, Lymm ; 3, Alfred Broome, Windmill Farm, Preston Brook ;r, Henry Mawdsley, Hatton. Gelding foaled in 1901 or 1902 : I, Edward Davies, The Walk, Parting- ton; 2, Henry E. Gibbon, Yew Tree Farm, Lymin; 3, John Whitlow, Preston Brook. OPEN CASs.-Brood mare, 4 years old and upwards with foal at foot I and 2, James Gould, Model Farm, Lymm ; 3, Colonel R. Ireland Blackburn% CB- Hale flail, near Liverpool. Colt foal : 1, James Gould, Model Farm, Lymm ; 2, Lewis Dodd, Park House, Rushton, Tarporley ; 3, James Lowe, Mere Hall Farm, Knutsford. Filly foal : 1, Dickenson Bros. Cark-in- Cartmel : 2, Thomas Percival, Moss Side; 3, Colonel R. Ireland Blackburne, Hale Hall. Gelding, 4 years old and upwards : 1, A. C. Soarkes, Oldifeld, Altrincham ; 2, ',Award Davies, The Walk, Partington ; 3, Joseph Park, Grove, Retford, Notts ; r, A. C. Sparkes, Old3elcl.

relen—s

:retton

by registered hackney sire: 1, John Makerigue, Gel- borne Park, Newton-le-Willows; 2, Sir Lees Knowles, Bart., M.P., Darn Head Farm, Mobberley; 3, A. L. Goodson, Heathfield, Knutsford; hc, and prem., A. Morris, Old Village Farm, Thelwall, Warrington; r, E. Isherwood, 57, Tanner's-lane, Warrington. Pony brood mare not exceeding 14 hands, hating pro- duced a living foal by, or stinted to, a registered hackney, or registered hackney Pony stallion in 1905: 1 and prem., Alfred Smith, Stud Farm, Crank, St. Helens; 2, Samuel W. Gould, Foxley Hall, Lymm ; 3, Ralph Tickle, Hill Side Farm, Stretton, near Warrington; r, Edward Leigh Bent, The Vulcan, Newton-le-Willows. Foal by registered hackney, or registered hackney pony stallion, out of a mare entered in class 27: 1, Enoch William Sankey, Heath Farm, Croft: 2, Alfred Smith, Stud Farm, Crank, St. E ; 3, Ralph Tickle, Hill Side Farm, St r, Hugh Ferguson, G, Suez-street, Warrington. Two or three year old gelding or filly by registered hackney or registered hackney pony stallion : 1. Exors. of John Blackshaw, Blue Coat *Farm, Hatton; 2. Enoch William Sankev, Heath Farm, Croft, near Warrington ; 3, Anthony Garnett, Spring Farm, Tar— bock, near Prescot.

HARNESS CLASSES. OP EN.—Nrivice mare or gelding, not exceeding Hi hands : 1, John Makeagne, Go!borne Park, Newton- le-Willows ; 2, Fred Harrup, 54, Wellington-street, Oldham ; 3, WM. Foster, Mel-Valley, Moseley, Worcestershire ; r, J. H. Ainsworth and Sons, 25, Great George's-street, Waterloo. Novice mare or gelding over 141 hands: 1, John Makeague, Golborne Park, Newton-le-Willows: 2. T. B. Sykes, Poulton-le- Fylde ; 3, Howard Frank, Rusthall, Wimbledon; r, Inman, Fenay Bridge, Huddersfield. Mare or gelding not exceeding 14 bands: 1, Miss Clarke, Brook House, Haywards Heath ; 2,T. P. Robinson,Stud Farm,Wiggin- ton, York ; 3, Charles Clark. Bothomes Hall, Whaley Bridge, near Stockport ; r, Fred. Harrop, 51, Welling- ton-street, Oldham. Mare or gelding exceeding 14 and under 15 hands : 1, John S idler Sykes,R ingers Lodge, Hawkestone Park, Shropshire; 2, Charles Ra4cliffe, 40, Newport-road, Cardiff; 3, Mrs. Hartley Batt, 20, ‘Vesbourne-street, Hyde Park, London. Mare or gelding 15 hands and over: 1, Arthur E. Evans. Bronrvylfa, Wrexham; 2, T. C. McKibbin, the Heening: Windermere; 3, W. E. Inman, Fenay Bridge, Hudders- field; r, Charles. Radcliffe, 40, Newport-road, Cardiff..

, TRADESMEN'S OR TENANT FARMERS' TURNOUTS. Dts'ritrc: CLASSES.-Light horses (single or pair) vehicle and harness: 1, William Monks, 136, Bridge- street, Warrington; 2, A. C. Spatkes, Oldfleld. Altrinc- ham ; 3, William Hall, 95, Peter-street, St. Helens; 4, Exors. of John Blackshaw, Blue Coat Farm, Hatton; he, 11 Isherwood, 57, Tanuer's-lane, Warrington; c, H. ' Hackney, jun., finutsforcl-mad, Warrington; r, G. Pimblott, Altrincharn ; c, G. H. Wood, 2, Church-street, Altrincham. \Tanners or light lurry horses (single or pair) vehicle and harness; 1, William Monks, 136, Bridge-street. Warrington ' • 2, G. W. Bonson, North End, Stamford New Road, Altrincham; 3, Harry Fair- dough, Mersey House, Warrington; 4, J. Toft and Son. Bridge-street, Warrington ; hc, Joseph S. Garland, Bridge-street, Warrington; r, John Cooper, Corn Hill, Warrington ; c, F. Brown and Sons, Lyrnm, Cheshire. Single heavy horses vehic e and harness; 1, A. C. Sparkes, Oldfield, Altrinchan); 2, The Corporation of Warrington; 3, Exors. of J. Blackshaw, Blue Coat Farm, Hatton, Warrington. Team of horses (vehicle and harness) : 1, Edward Davies, The Walk, Partington, near Man- chester ; 2, Peter Walker and Son, Tile Brewery, ‘Varrington ; 3, tlao Corporation of Warrington ; 4, h.c., and r, the Warrington SlatelCompany, Ltd., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
HUNTERS.

DISTRICT CL&SSES.—Brood mare having produced a living foal by, or stinted to, thoroughbred or registered hunter shire in 1905 : 1, Robert Needham, Beaton Lodge. Knutsford •, 2 and prem. Lady Greenall, Walton Hall; 3 and prem-Mrs. M. Grdths,Broken Cross,North- wich ' • r, Thomas Broady, Witherwin Farm, Appleton, Cheshire. Foal by a thoroughbred or registered hunter shire • 1 Dr. W F Barton Brockton. Frodsharn ; 12, Thomas Broady,Witherwin Farm, App! +ton, Cheshire. I Yearling colt, gelding or ally by a thoroughbred or I registered hunter sire : 1 and prem. Mrs. M. GritHths, I Broken Cross, Northwich ; 2, John Ravenscroft, Moss Farm, Plumbley, Knutsford ; 2, Robert Needham, Bea- ton Lodge, Knutsford ; 3, T. and G. Parry, Shiphrook Hill near Northwich. Two or three year old gelding or filly by a thoroughbred or registered hunter sire : 1, Robert Needham,Bexton Lodge,Knutsford ; 2 and prem. R. Prescott, The New Farm, Aston-by-Budworth, Northwich ; 3, Mrs. M. Griffiths, Broken Cross, North- wich ; r, Robert Needham, Beaton Lodge, Knutsford. OPEN CIASSES.—Novice hunter mare or gelding, 4, years old and upwards: 1, John Brown, the Common Kirby, Moorside, Yorks ; 2, John Drage, Chapel Bramp- ton, Northampton ; 3, A. J. Brown, the Grove, York- road, Doncaster :r, Captain Alec. Campbell, Weasenham House, Swaffhain, Norfolk. Novice hunter mare or gelding, 4 years old and upwards, equal to carry over 14st. 71b8 : 1, A. J. Brown, The Grove, York road, Doncaster, 2, W. A. Simpaon-Hinchcliffe, Park Parade, Harrosrate ; 3 J. H. Stokes, Great Bowden, Market Harboro' ; 4, A. L Goodson, Heathfield, Knutsford ; hc, W. G. Brown, Gate House, Long Buckby, Rugby and C. T. Hobbs, Great Bowden, Market Hatboro.; r, John Brown, The Common, Kirby Moorside. Hunter mare or gelding four years old and upwards, equal to carry 13st. and not more than 14st Ma. 1, J. H. Stokes, Great Bowden, Market Harboro: 2. A. J. Brown, The Grove, York-road, Doncaster; 3, John Drage, Chapel Brampton Northampton; 4, A. G. Goodson, Heath- field ; r, C. T. Hobbs, Great Bowden, Market Harboro'. Hunter mare or gelding four years old and upwards, equal to carry over list. ilbs.: 1, J. H. Stokes, Great Bowden, Market Harboro' ; 2, Stanley Webb, Studley Court, Stourbridge ; 3, W. A. Simpson- Hinchcliffe, Park Parade, Harrogate: 4, A. J. Brown, Doncaster; r, John Drage, Chapel Brampton, North- ampton. -....-..-

H XCICNEYS.

DISTRICT DLASSES,L'ii-rOO-Cfin;;;e having produced a living foal be, or stinted to,a registered hackney sire in 1905 : 1, Join Makeague, Go!borne Park, Newton-le- Willows ; 2 and prem., A. C. Sparkes, Oldfleld, Altrin- cham ; 3, A. L. Goodson, Heathfield, Knutsford ;r, George Smith,Cranshaw Hall, Bold, near Widnes. Foal by registered hackney sire : 1, John Makeague, Golborne Park, Newton-le-Willows ; 2, William Brown, Seven Stars, Bridge-street, Warrington ; 3, James Bennett Aitken, Hall Nook, Penketh ; r, George Smith, Cranshaw Hall, Bold, near Widnes. Yearling colt, gelding or filly by registered hackney sire: 1, A. L.Goodsoo, Heathfleld, Knutsford; 2, Sir Lees Knowles, Bart., M.P., Dam Head Farm, Mobberley; 3, James Bennett Aitken, Hall Nook, Penketh hc, and prem., J. L. Fryer. Pear Tree Farm, Padgate, r, James Bennett Aitken, Hall Nook, Penketh. Two o: three-year-old gelding or filly

===== 0002601_19050819_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
CXTTLE.

DfSTRICT CLASSES.—One dairy cow in calf (to calvB within two months after date of Show) : 1, Richard Clarke. Warburton Park,Warrington ; 2,Thoraas Billing ton, Newton Bank Farm, Preston Brook ; 3, John It tckhouse. Marsh End Farm. Cuerdley ; r, C. L. Agnew, Toe Pole, Northwich. One d tiry cow in : 1, John Ilackhouse, Marsh End Farm Cuerdley ; 2 and r, Richard L. Warburton, Hatton; 3, G. J. Baxter, Bradley Brook Farm, Stretton. Heifer born in 1903 : 1, Thomas Warburton, Daresbury; 2, John R. Newton, The Bent, Warburton ; 3, Thomas Ditchfield, Can Lime Farm, Appleton, Warrington. Heifer born in 1901: 1, John R. Newton, The Bent, Warburton ; 2, Joseph Hewitt, IStretton. Bull born in 1933 or 1904 : 1, John R. INewton, The Boat, Warburton; 2, Samuel Davies, Platt Farm, Heatley, Cheshire; 4, John Highfield„ The Mill House, Cogsall. Bull born in 1933 or 1931: Richard Clarke, Warbarton Park ; 2, William Norcottt, Four Topped Oak, Penketh ; 3, Benjamin Wright, BaguleyGreen Farm, Mobberley

PIGS. DISTRICT CLASSE3.—Breeding sow in pig, any ago or breed: 1, W. Bancroft, Mere Bank, Weaverham ; 2, John iValley, Tabley Brook, Knutsford; 3, R. Prescott, The New Farm, Aston-by-Budworth. Best cottager's pig: 1, Joseph Miller, Appleton Thorn, near Warring- ton; 2, T. Norman Oldfield, Oldfield Brow, Dunttani Massey; 3, Fred Berry, 59, Walton-road, Stockton Heath. Best gilt (any breed) born in 1905: 1, David Oldfleld, Rose Cottage, Oldham Brow, Altrincham ; 2, John Thomas' Parr Arms, Grappenhall : 3, John Walley, Tabley Brook, Knutsford.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
CHEESE.

DISTRICT DLLSSES.—Three cheeses 40Ibs. each or over: 1, William Gerrard, Stockley, Arley, Northwich. 2, J. E. Gerrard, Arley Moss, near Northwich ; 3, John Dilworth. Lower Hall, Manley, near Helsby. Three cheeses above 201bs each and under nibs etch: 1, William Gerrard, Stockley, Arley, Northwich ; 2. John Dilwortn, Lower Hall, !if ifiley, near Helsby ; 3, Thomas aLCVSOO, Dunham Hill, Helsby.

BUTTER.

DISTRICT CEASS.-21bsbu-ti, made up in 3,lbs. and slightly salted: 1, Mrs. Joseph Taylor, Oak Tree Farm, Hatton; 2, T. Henry Lyon. Appleton gall; 3, Mrs. M. Hopley, Hatton; r, Mrs. Thomas Booth, Booth's-lane, Lyaira. THE SPECIAL PRIZES.

Special prizes were awarded as follows : _

IYISTRIC.T CHAMPION CUP (value £10) for best shire exhibit, the property of resident in the Society's district (presented by Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart.).— Mr. J. Gould, Model Farm, Lyn. Slioan Cue value £5 for the best shire foal in the show (given by Sir Gilbert Greenish, Bart.).—Mr. J. Gould, Lymm. SILVER, CUP value £5 given by Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., for the best shire exhibit the property of one of his tenants.—'fr. Alfred Broome, Windmill Farm, Preston Brook.

SPECIAL PRIZE value £5 for best shirefilly (presented by Mr. F. Stapleton Bretherton, The Hall, Rainhill.— Mr.J. Gould. Lymm. SILVER CuP (value £5) given by the vice-president (Arr. T. Henry Lyon) for best exhibit in cattle classes, the property of a tenant farmer.—Et. Clarke, Warburton Park.

SPECIAL PRIZES of £2 each given by Lady Greenall for best shod horse.—lsaac Di I worth, Ramsbrook Farm, Halebank Ralph Tickle, Hill Side Farm, Stratton ; Peter Walker and Son, The Brewery, ‘Vli rrington. SPECIAL PRIZES of £5, £3 and £2 offered by Mr. J. Whittaker, Kenworthy, Relsall, for three best shire foals got by any of his horses. Colonel R. Ireland Bleckburne, Hale Hall ; 2, Mr. E. R. Gandy, Acton Hall ; 3, Mr. William H. Hall, Daresbury. SPECIAL PRIZES of £4, £2 and £l offered by Mr James Gould for best shire foals got by any of his horses.-1, Colonel R. Ireland Blackharne ;2, John Longshaw, Grappenhall. SPECIAL PRIZES of £3 offered by Messrs. Henry Milling and Co.' Ltd., for best white cheese in the show.—William Gerrard, Stockley, Arley. SPECIAL PRIZES given by Messrs. Day and Sons.— Mr. J. Gould, Lymra ; Mr. R. Clarke, Warbarton. GOLD :MEDAL given by Shire Horse Sociey for best mare or filly, whose owner shall have been a member of the Warrington and District Agricultural Society for not less than six months.—Mr. J. Gould, Lvinm. I THREE SILVER MEDALS offered by the Hunters' , Improvement Society for best hunter exhibits.—Mr. R. Needham, Heston Lodge, Knutsford ; (2), Mrs. al° Griffiths, Broken Cross,•Northwich. SILVER IMErt .1. offered by the Hackney Horse Society for best !hackney, or pony mare, filly er filly foal, registered or eligible fur registration in the hackney stud book.—Mr. John Nfakeague, Golhorne Park. SlLvna MEDAL offered by the Hackney Horse Society for best mare or gelding exhibited in single' -nes.—Mr. John Makeagne.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

FRIENDLY MATCEL WARRINGTON CONSERVATIVE CLUB V. WARRINGTON' LIBERAL CLun.—A match between these teams was played on the Sankey-street green on Saturday. Scores:— LIBERAL CLUB. CONSERVATIVE CLUB. S. D. S. D. J. E. Warren (caps.) 0} 6 .T.P.TaTler (capt.) 11113 H. Daintith IJ. Middleton F. Baker 11) ' F. Price 3f A' IJ. Gibson 1C ii ) 13 IR. Whitfield . :W. Leigh 3 113 . Davies R. Kerr E. J. Mitchell ......... 5 W 13. Walton IJ. Houghton 11 lin J. Ashton 5 11 } 13, W. Daintith 3 f - P. Brad bu rn J. Parr 9 1 1-13 W. Hill ll IIL E. A. Sanders A. Lawton ...... ...... 7 1 0 W. J. Wilson ...... II Ivz W. Patrick C. Jordan W. Taylor 11) ' T. Hughes J13 F. Morrell W. H. Taylor

138 79 13S

193 128 193

217 Conservative Club total 321. Liberal 2/ 217

Majority for Conservative Club 104

LEAGUE MAIN. In connection with the Warrington and District League a main was commenced at the Sankey Chapel House on Saturday, and concluded on Tuesday. There were 82 entries. The following were the prize-winners : —l, A. Gleave ; 2, J. Roberts; 3; J. Jolley; 4, T. Ellison; 5,1'. Forster ; 6, T. Hackett ; 7, J. Willett ; 8, G. Ward; 9. J. Barton; 10, A. Clarke; and 11, J. Moss.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
fa harness.—,

===== 0002601_19050819_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD TO THE WISE.

The fickle nature of the climate of this country often gives rise to a variety of ailments and complaints, which assuming at first the form of only a slight indisposition, if neglected and unheeded may become the germ of serious diseases, which will undermine the constitution, and finally result in a long and lingerinr, illness, and perhaps terminate fatally. The variable temperature and the changeable weather of the last month or so, makes it incumbent on all of us to exercise wise and prudent precautions to counteract the evil effects which the weather may have had upon our health and comfort. Already we frequently bear such complaints as "No appetite," "These frequent headaches,' "This languid feeling," and dozens of other expressions which all point to the urgent need of a good Tonic. Now there are several tonic mixtures offered to the Public, but none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. This Preparation is acknowledged to be The Best Remedy of The Age for Nervousness, Weakness. Chest Affections, Palpitation of the Heart, Indigestion, Liver Complaint, and Influenza. The numerous cases of marvellous cures effected, and the restoration to perfect health, of those who had long suffered and had vainly tried other remedies, can he accounted for by simply stating the effect which Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has upon the System. Ist. It strikes at the source of the disease, and by removing the causes of disease, the evil effects soon vanish. 2nd. It strengthens that part of the system which is weakest, and therefore, most liable to the attacks of colds and all diseases. 3rd. It purifies the blood, and thus gives new life and force to all parts of the body, for disease cannot exist where there is a free circulation of pure blood 4th. It gives healthy action to the digestive organs and to the liver, thus aiding to keepaway Indigestion and the host of different forms of disease which re- sult from it, sth. By removing impurities, strengthening the weak parts of the system, and purifying the blood, the human frame is well fortilied to withstand the attacks of disease. It is repelled, and its place taken by health and strength, through the effective action of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable ronic. Sold everywhere in bottles 2s. fld. and 4s. hid. each, or will be sent carriage free for these prices, direct from the Sole Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Com- pany, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. Beware of Imitations. See that you get the genuine Preparation with the name," Gwilym Evans "on Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

A BUSINESSLIKE THIEF.

A peculiar case of theft was heard at Warrington on , Saturday, James Ward,of Rylands's Yard, being charged with stealing 126 lbs of potatoes from a waggon at the Cheshire Lines goods yard and also a wheel barrow from the premises of Messrs. Crompton and Shawcross, con- tractors—The evidence showed that a checker in the employ of the railway company saw the prisoner wheel- ing a barrow containing the potatoes and discovered that he had stolen them from the waggon. Subsequent inquiry revealed the fact that the barrow had been taken irom the yard of Messra.Crompton and Shawcross —Superintendent :Monaghan said that was tho prisoner's 32nd appearance. He was a prowling thief and worked very little—Prisoner was sentenced to four months imprisonment. CRUELTY TO HORSES. At Warrington, on Monday, Patrick Hunt, cabdriver in the employ of Mr. James Smith, cab proprietor, Ormskirk-road, Pemberton, near ‘Vigan, was charged with cruelty to horses by working them in an unfit state.—Smith was charged with causing the same to be worked.—Sergeant Barnett stated that on Bank Holiday he saw Hunt driving three horses attached to a waggonette laden with passengers. He noticed the horses were working rather badly, and on examination found one of them had ten old wounds on the shoulders. Another had a large wound on the back which was raw and bleeding, and the hiad leg was swollen and the home lame.—Another driver,named Ludbrook,was charged with working a pair of horses whilst in an unfit state, and Smith was also charged with causing them to be worked. The horses were attached to a waggonette, and were suiTering from wounds on the breast and shoulders.— Smith said he did not see the horses turned out of the yard. They had great difficulty in keeping horses' shoulders free from sores during the hot weather. The magistrates fined Smith 40s. and costs in the first case and 20s. and costs in tho second, and the drivers Hunt and Ludbrook were fined in the costs. Christopher Murphey, Earl street, was charged with working a horse in an unfit state on the 22nd July. Harry Whitney,Arpley street,was summoned for causing the animal to be worked. Inspector Taylor stated that he saw Murphey driving a horse on the date in question. The animal was lame on the off fore leg and was travel- ling on three legs. Inspector Gibson of the R.S.P.C.A. stated that the animal was suffering from a severe sprain. Whitney was fined 10s. and costs, Murphey be- ing fined in the costs. THEM'S FROM A WARRINGTON WORKSHOP. At the Borough Police Court on Saturday, John Barnes, Ervrood-street, was sentenced to a month's imprisonment for stealing a box containing a set of coffin fittings, value 425. (id., from the shop of Mr. Edward Connor, Sankey-street. Superintendent Monaghan said a domestic servant named Hudson who was cleaning saw the prisoner take:the box containing the fittings from the cupboard and decamp. She followed him but he ran into Golborne-street and disappeared. He afterwards went to Mr. Massey, under- taker, and offered the fittings for sale. Mr. Massey retained them and said he would see the prisoner later. Being suspicions he'communicated with Mr. Connor with the result that the prisoner was arrested.— On Monday Barnes was again brought before the magis- trates, charged in two instances,lwith stealing a three- foot rule, and a saw and oil-stove the property of Mr. Edward Connor.—Superintendeat Monaghan said that the rule was left safe by a Henry Nixdorf who subse- quently missed it. It was found that the prisoner had sold it at a second hand dealers shop. The saw and the oil- stove were also missed and it was discovered that the prisoner had also sold these.—Prisoner, who pleaded poverty, was sent to gaol for one month.

THE" STRAND MAGAZINE "AUGUST NUMBER. The "Strand Magazine" for August keeps up worthily the excellent reputation it has earned as a budget of interesting miscellaneous reading. Amongstthe contents this month is an illustrated article, entitled" Painters of the Sea," which embraces examples of the-work of J. C. Hook, R.A., H. S. Tuke, Napier Hemy, W.L. Wyllie, etc., with a description of their methods. "The Man in Moccasins" is a short story by James Barr. NV. NV. Jacobs is responsible for "The Boatswain's Mate," which is as good as any other yarn of his we have read. "The Humour of Cricket' will find many interested readers, and the illustrations (several from, Punch ") are very amusing. The" Portraits of Celebrities at Different Ages" in- cludes Mrs. Craigie (John Oliver Hobbes), Lord Lans- downe, and Miss Annie Hughes. The other contents consist of the usual ample supply of stories, a new feature—" Chronicles of the Strand Club," and an article on " Great grandmother's Cookery Books," with some interesting illustrations.

Benger's Food is sold in tins by

gicious, highly nutritive, and most, easily digested food is specially prepared for Infants, and for those adults whose digestive powers have been weakened by illness or advancing years.

The LANCET describes it as : "Mr. Banger's admirable preparation."

". • . .; , . This der - • 4. ' ,11.10 , • • 01.1. „op - V, Avge

chemists, eta, everywhere.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

GREAT, \t •7 c -", • 114,4, a**4 .4i s' -11 NT Ro 0 uc -i: ).11 It,„gre Ittei 1 14-

.1.110108 'SCIENTIFIC lINIO.''RC:'..

ti vs c 12 •

APEEM

aglff!Ml

IS BABY CROSS

because of EMMA or SKIN IRIIITAT lON ? If so, One Box of GRANNIE OINTMENT will effect a Speedy Cure. A little at night is baby's delight. A mother at Leytonstone, Essex, writes :—" Grannie Ointment has quite cured Baby's eczema. I have tried several other creams, but they only relieved, whereas Grannie Ointment quite cured." Also Cures Bad Legs, Wounds, Ulcers, &c., like magic.

Boxes, 14 Stamps, Post Free. Send Post Card for FREE SAMPLE BOX, mentioning this ¢aiSer, to GRANNIE CO.. NORWICH.

CALEY'S f Milk Chocolate.

BRITISH AND BEST.

The Finest Sweetmeat for Children.

PRACTICAL ADVICE.

the man raised his head slightly, and looked Lt the children. They could see his eyes Ihining through the long hair that hung about de face.

"Hungry," he answered, in a voice betweeu a whine and a growl. Louise, the little sister, was frightened; the man's eyes reminded her of the wolf—the wolf that she had heard about, that met Little Red-

_ Ridinghood on the road as she was going to, see her grandmother—and so she was frightened. Away she ran, scampering down the road toward the village as fast as she could. Marie also was frightened; not so much as her little sister, but she did not like being left alone with the stranger, and so she followed the younger sister, not looking behind her until they were again hand in hand. Then both looked back; the man had not stirred from his seat on the log. "He is hungry," said Marie. "Yes, he is hungry," repeated Louise. "He must be very hungry," said Marie. "Yes, he must be very hungry," repeated little Louise. .

"It must be terrible to be so hungry," said Marie, standing motionless in the road, and still looking back. "Yes, it must be terrible," Louise repeated again, pulling hard at her sister to preveut. her standing still. "Suppose we give him some of our luncheon:* said Marie. "And what should we do at noon?" asked Louise, opening her basket and looking in, to assure herself that her bread and jam were safe.

"Don't you remember, the Sister told us if we helped others, we would be provided fort Let us give the man some of our bread." "But the plum-jam?" questioned Louise. "Perhaps he likes jam," said her sister. "So do I," half whimpered Louise. "And, then the good Sister told us, the other day, about Saint Elizabeth. Don't you iji remember ho W, when she gave her best cloak to a beggar, a e found another—a better one— hanging up n her room?" "But the beggar did not eat up her cloak; it was not like bread and jam." _ . . ..

"No, but if we give our- luncheon to the beggar, perhaps—perhaps at noon we shall find a better luncheon in our basket, just as Saint Elizabeth found a better cloak when her husband sent for her to come down and see the kings who had come to make them a visit." "Are you sure, Marie?" "No, not sure, but perhaps. Let U 8 try." "I wish you would say sure." " Sure!" said Marie. "Say it again!" exclaimed Louise. "Sure I" repeated her sister. "He shall have my luncheon, then; but must we go back? Let us put it down here, and them run. He will find it, like the birds." (To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19050819_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER POLO.

PUZZLES FOR PLAYTIME.

Missing Word Letter. (Fill blanks with ,iames of Countries and Places.)

Dear (girl's name),— Next Mooday being the anniversary of my day, I write to know if you will come to dinner and help us devour the —. Mind and come 1•11 th a good appetite, as you always say you feel in this weather. I have just made a nice cake and bought some delicious tea, which I ;tope we shall enjoy out of the lovely tea-set that I have just. had given me. My other presents consisted of a lovely —, in which I shall appear in Rotten Row, some pretty red shoes, and Father sent me'a to spend as I like. Mother also gave me a pretty silk dress, but unfortun- ately I spilt some over it. My brother has gone to take the waters at —; the change of may do him a of good. Yours ever, (girl's name.) • Square Words. A vast empire. Period of time (plural). • A small island. A tearful goddess. An autumn -flower. Jumbled Girls' Names. Dergniela. ' Ldiltcao. Rmeldid. 6aaaaain. Ntaej. Eenisohjp. Jumbled Boys' Names. Edcirrkf. Brrteeh. Rhaiyl. Hhcoprrseit. Edrrga. Crype.

II

A Sunday-school superintendent, at the close of an address on the Creation, which he eaa sure he had kept within the comprehension of the least intelligent of the scholars, smiling', invited' questions. . A tiny boy, with a white, eager face and large brow, at once held up his hand. "Please sir, why was Adam never a baby?" The superintendent coughed in some doith! as to what answer to give, but a little girl 01 nine, the eldest of several brothers and sist.o9* came promptly to his aid. "Please, air," she said, smartly, there Iva' nobody to flues him I "

"Be content with what you have, as ihe rat said to the trap when he left his tail .in rt.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
t4O r •

I

;P;. .

•

.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rm. vicim.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGETIES PEEPLEXITY,

JEAN 11IDDLE3IASS (Author of " Bush Noney," " Tatty's Partner," 4e.)

She had been a wife a few months, a widow for nearly two years. Her sombre attire Wits doffed, and gowned in soft, clinging white, she looked once inure like the girl she had been when elle left the school- room to marry Lord Nevill. It was a loveless match, which had been arranged by her parents, but it had given the dowerlese girl a portion iind a future. "So delightful to be free ! No, Bertha mine —no more shackles. Fancy, now I can go where I like—say what I like—do what [like.'' " Don't be too sure, Angette. You will have to be cereful. A protector is sometimes a howl ; the world in very censorious." " Bah ! What a big word ! You must have got it out of it copy book. And pray, Miss Bertha, what do you know about the matter ? You are only six months older than I am, and not even married." "Co 11111 l on sense and observation—" began Miss Bertha Douglas, who was it pretty, little staid looking brunnette, but she was not mill wed to state what they led to, for Angette, Lady Nevin, threw her arms round her neck. " Stop—stop !" she maid. " I cannot have lectures and sermons from those rosy lips. They are not in keeping with your style of beauty— besides, I mean to enjoy myself, and all the preaching in the world will not prevent Inc. I am going this very day to stay with the Carr Lyons near Bath. It is mom awfully festive house, and my first outing —Oh, •la joie de vivre'—' la joie de vivre ' !' Bertha Douglas could not help laughing, nevertheless she held up her finger warningly. " Beware—beware I' she admonished. " Beware—beware, she's fooling thee," echoed Lady Novill ; "it will not be turned into lie's fool- ing thee—so don't be afraid." A couple of hours later Lady Nevill, accom- peeled by her maid and a man servant, drove to Paddington Station, and took her seat in a fast West of England train. For a minute or two after the servants, hav- ing arranged her comfortably, had left her end gone to find their own seats, she WimB quite alone. Just as the train Was starting, in fact it had al- ready moved, a man jumped in and seated him- self lit the far corner. " Quite correct —dietingin% handsome. Don't think care much for blue eyes in a mail, but his look roguish. More fun in him than the usual Saxon possesses, for lie is decidedly Saxon in type. I wonder if his name is Hengist, it ought to be. As I don't know his real name, I'll christen him Hengist. I wish he would speak. It will bore me to sit looking et him for three hours without uttering a word, and what a lec- ture Bertha would give me if she knew I lied be- gun a conversation with a stranger in a train, even though lie is a descendant of the old kings. Maidenhead ! How lovely the river looks ! I'll take it villa there some day, and I might per- Imps invite Hengist if he made himself amiable. —G nucleus !" This last word was out loud ; the rest of the remarks had been in pato. A bundle of wraps, eoniewhat carelessly consigned to the overhead net, had fallen suddenly to the ground. The stranger could not, of course, do otherwi-e then pick it up, and express a regret that the lady bad been startled. Of course slte thenked hint prettily, and then once more they lapsed into silence. But the gentleman had been exercising his mind its much about Angette as she had been do- ing about him, and now he certninly had the advautauee of her, for lie had seen her name tied address on the bundle of wraps, while tilie only knew him as Hengist. He did not intend the slight opportunity that had arisen, to be lost without making some attempt at conversation. After it short pause, lie ventured to pass her a newspaper, and to remark that it contained some curious lampooils on political stars. It depended on her polities whether they would offend or please her. An- nette had no politics, but she did not say so ; she intended to be pleased, laughed even, lind criticised the satirical pictures, till lie thought her as bright and amusing as, at the first glance, he hind decided that she was beautiful. They became quite " chummy," for Angette was not of a " sbuid-off " nature, and lie was only too delighted to make way with a charm- ing little woman lie could not help mbniring. Presently, much to her astonishment, lie ven- tured to call her Lady Novill—this was when they were slowing into Swindon. " How on earth do you know my name ?" she asked. He laughed and answered : " I must be a country clod, instead of a town man if Lady Nevill is unknown to me." " But I have never been about—that is, not for two years—since my husband died." " So, a widow," Le murmured to himself, but this, of course, the rumbling of the train prevented her from hearing. " What is your name P" she asked. "As you know mine, it is only fair I should know yours." "Oh, I am nobody. My name is not 'worth alluding to. I am going to get out at, Swindon. You are going on to Bath to stay with the Carr Lyons, I think you said P" " I never said anything of the sort: you are a a he-witch." "Did you not! Well, I must have dreamt it. But au revoir. I feel sure we shall meet again. With me, destiny always foretells it- self." He got out of the train as be spoke—lifted his bat—called a porter to get his luggage, and went through the station to a dog-cart that she could see from the window. He was just step- ping on to it as the train began to glide out of the station. He turned, saw her—lifted his bat once more, and she was gone, so astoniehed at the coolness and strangeness of his conduct that she with some difficulty recovered her breath. Arrived at Bath, she found her friend, Mrs. Carr Lyon, waiting for her, and they drove to- gether to Cedar Lodge, which was about six riffles from the station. Mrs. Carr Lyon was a little, gushing, effusive woman, who had several good stories to relate, and during their 'chat the stranger in the train was forgotten, or at least, not alluded to, though perhaps the reason Was that Angette Nevill did not wish to be chaffed and teased by bet lively friend. " Glad you've come to-day instead of to-mor- row," Mrs. Carr Lyon said, as she drove up to the door of one of the quaintest, most picturesque old houses in England. " Our big shooting party does not congregate until to-morrow, so we can have our chat out, before we are bored by dull women—the wives of shooting men are generally dull, but Mr. Carr Lyon will make me invite them. I think he imagism; it throws an air of respect- ability over my somewhat eccentric habits." " Are all the shooters married ?" asked An- gette, mho, though she intended to remain single lot the rest of her life, did not seem altogether to appreciate tieing thrown solely into the society of married men. " Gracious, no !" cried Mrs. Carr Lyon. " I am not quite soft-headed. Theme are two or three charming men coming, especially Mr. Fortescue, a barrister. He is so clever, and quite handsome, rather too big, perhaps—a perfect Anak. I have settled in my mind that you rind he are going to pair." " Is he dark or fair P—but it does not matter as I shell never marry again." "Not marry again—why, Angette you are doomed to do it ! He is fair but there is my husband comieg to welcome you. During the conversation and the tea drinking that followed, no inure Was eaid about Mr. For- teecue, lut when Augette went to her room, and her maid was dressing her for dinner ill an elab- orate white silk tea gown, she was thinking about Her:gist of train memory, and wondering why she, who preferred dark 'specimens of nias- online humauity, should be condemned to listen to agreeable platitudes from another fair 1111111. She would have none of him, she decided, llm fact. she wee not going to have the attentions of anv man, fair or dark, foisted on her at Mrs. Ctrr Lyon's bidding. She, however, abstained enrefully from making her mentiments known, though during dintier, to whieli several guests had been invited, Mr. For- tectie's name had more than once been men- tioned. The eventful morrow, when the house party !rag to arrive, was a cheery, fresh October day, h„rkeing alike to mind and body. Lady lievill's fm lie was fully ta nke up seeing the beetities, both o animal and vegetable life, that existed iu con- lon with Ocular Lodge, where she had never 11. before ; men and their vagaries were but little dismissed. Mrs. Carr Lyon had only been married a 'few months. and for the present, at all events, her luneband was bet hero, and all her interest was eo i 4. amid in her own home.

Anent fire o'clock, ronrd the prettily errangea tea-table in the library, the g,nests invited hr " tile mhoct " began to assemble, and among, them Lady Nevin found one or two acquainting:es. She was sitting on the sofa tatlchig to a rather prim dame, who had been a friend of her inether'e, when the butlrr announced " Mr. Forte,.cue."

Lady Nevin gave an in volua ry nervon. hound when she saw him, and catching her breath to save herself from screaming, mur- mured :

" " The prim lady looked much surprised as she said :

" What a strange name—do you know him ? I thonght he was called plain Fred.' " No, I do not know him," answered Angette, rather bewildered, and vexed because she bad given herself away, " but he is so like one's idea of Hengist." " I never had any idea of Hengist —don't even know who he was," said the lady laughing. Meantime Mr. Forteseue had been received by his host with the effusiveness usually bestowed on a popular, well-known man, and having shekel, bands with one or two of the other guests, and refused the offer of tea, he was presented to .those he did not know among the house-party. Amgette's turn, since she was sitting somewhat outside the tea table circle, came last. He looked at her for a second as though his clear blue eyes were taking her in, and then he bowed with the usual stiff decorum expected from a stranger. There was no sign of recogni- tion on his face.

Angette was for a moment as breathless with astonishment as she had been when he left the train, but she was a woman with much spirit, and some self-pride. She pulled herself together quite quickly, and bowed as stiffly as he had &me.

No word passed between them, and for this she was thankful, still more thankful when the print lady took herself across the room to talk to the hostess, and left Angette to the perusal of a pic- ture paper, in which she speedily, Io all appear- ances, became absolutely absorbed. Mr. Fortescue was standing very near, carrying on a desultory conversation with another man, AN. bleb Allgette could not help overbearing. " Yes, my father has a crib about four miles from Swindon, so I know that country well," he was saying, and as he spoke, be half turned and looked at Lady Nevill, as though he thought it was rather rude not to include her in the con- versation ;still he did not apparently consider that it was the correct thing to acknowledge that he had ever met her before. She was angry, downright angry. " The man is a fool and a prig." she said to herself as she got suddenly up, and walked away to the other side of the room.

13y this time most: of the new arrivals 11113 gone th.lir rooms to rest and prepare for dinner ; Angetto thus managed to get it few words with her boittess, who asked her in a whisper : " How do you liko hiju Mr. Fortescuo, I mean."

" [Torrid ! I hate him,—supercilions and con- ceited. Lope he is not going to take me into dinner ; if so, I wonld rather go to bed." Mtg. Gin Lyon burst out laughing. " Well, you do know your own mind—quick- ly too, with a vengeance. I'll let you off this time. J am going to settle the pairings with Girt' Lyon, when he combs up to dress.'' So it was arranged that at dinner Mr. Fortes- cue sat opposite Lady Nevill, who was very pleasantly and brilliantly engaged in conversa- tion with a middle-aged man who had been al- lotted to her, and who thought her perfectly charming,. hio never once looked across the table at Mr. Fortescue' though he in the meantime, bestowed many rather long and scrutinising glances on her. Glances which, though she did not see, she could not help feeling, and occasionally it almost seemed as if the colour rose to her brow.

It was evident that Angette, Lady Nevin, in- terei•ted Mr. Forteseue ; at least so his dinner- erali pinion thought, being some what piqued at seeing his eyes so frequently turned in her di• reetion.

After dinner be made an attempt to get into conversation with her, but Angelic would have none of his attentions, and when he succeeded in addressing an observation to her, her reply was $o short and abrupt, that he received no encour- agement to go on. That she had taken a dislike to him seemed evi- dent, yet when Angette was at last alone in her own room she shed a few tears from sheer angry regret that this man should have treated her 80 6011y—ali she deemed it. And before she went to bed, she was planning how she could invent an excuse to go away back to town, on the morrow without offending the Carr Lyons. She actually considered herself to be a slighted woman, felt that hbr pride was hurt, and that it would give her pain to be thrown for long into the society of this hateful man. To get away at once was, however, impossible, as she found Mrs. Carr Lyon had made endless arrangements for the einumement of her guests, and among others, she had telegraphed for Bertha Douglas, who had already replied that she would come that after- -110011.

Angette could not, even with all her cleverness, invent a plausible excuse to absent herself just as Bertha was coming. She must therefore make the best of Mr. Fortescue's eccentric behaviour. During the day she saw nothing of him, as all the men went out shooting, and though the ladies joined them at luncheon in the wood, Lady Nevill remained at home on the plea of a head- ache. At sinner in the evening he was placed on her side of the table, so he could not look at her, but devoted himself to Bertha Douglas, whom Mrs. Carr Lyon now decided should appropriate him, since she found it was quite hopeless to move Augette into any enthusiasm about him. Three or four days passed, and on the fifth, the house party broke up. Angette had Pearcely spoken to, or looked at T. Fortescue, who seemed to her to be taking his revenge on her by nasiduous attentions to Bertha Douglas. She was not enjoying herself in the least, and was silent and rather disagreeable when asked by Bertha or Mrs. Carr Lyon what was the matter. She merely said slis was ill, and the sooner they got rid of her, the better. No one guessed that she was in love with Forteseue, annoyed by his cold- ness, and jealous of Bertha. Amour propre kept her from uttering a word, and to neither of her friends did she ever contos to having met him in ths train.

Bertha and Angetto wero to travel to London together, and were, not a little to the annoyance of the latter, accompanied as far as Swindon by Mr. Fortescue. There was no one else in the carriage, end the much aggrieved lady sat some- what morosely in a corner, reading a book itt which she professed to be intensely interested. One eye only was, however, on its pages, the other on her companions, and it seemed to her they were making quite a parade of the intimuy that had sprung up between them. Not sorry was Angette when Swindon was reached. Mr. Fortescue shook hands with her, and aiil, with morn effusiveness in his manner than be bad ever yet displayee t, eras her : "Au revoir, Lady Nevin. I hope we shall soon meet again in town." She was more angry than ever, especially as Bertha stood at the window, waving her hand to him. Not till he was quite out of sight did Berths turn round ; then she knocked the book out of Lady Nevin's hand.

"-Drop that stupid reading, Angette," she cried, " and talk to me. You have been so funny lately, I have not been able to speak to you, and I do want a confidante."

"You havo been too much taken up with Mt. Forteecue, you tneun."

" Ifol't he a dear ? rem L, some 2"

iud Land-

" You do not mean to 411% . 13 r!lia, that you ere in love with him P noxt time ill seem you, he probably will II t •k to you. He is that sort of 1114111 —at )east S " What tionseio..3 I d:. ~,,t I.elievo it for a moment. Who eat. have 1.1 y..tt anything go absurd P He is time 1114 1.1. a in cvnation likely to be capricious. Ele is coining to make acquaint. ance with my people in a few days when be comes to town."

" Are you engaged to him ?" " Well, no, not engegetl, but—l am very glad Blrs. Carr Lyon invited me to Cedar Lodge. Oh, Angette, I feel so happy, and you do not look a bit glad." " It is all so sudden, and I do not know if the ground you are standing on is altogether safe. A little later, when I have beard more—" " Well, money will not be an obstacle. You know, I have a thousand a year, and I fancy he is making about that, though I know nothing of his private means." "A thousand a year—yes," murmured Lady Nevill. It seemed as if she were thinking that was the cause of his admiration for Bertha, whereas she was considering that she herself was even richer. The insinuation, nevertheless, angered Bertha, and saying she wished to discuss the subject of Mr. Fortescue no further, she in turn took up a book and settled herself in the further corner of the carriage. Nor was there another word spoken by either of them till they reached Paddington, and their respective (servants came to the carriage door.

may made no arrangements for meeting. Each thought herself aggrieved, and it seemed as if this Fortescue, with whom, a week ago, neither of them was acquainted, was going to part two old friends. For a (lay or two after her return to her pretty Mount Street flat, Lady Nevin remained sulkily within her own walls, and even denied herself to all callers. She was still playing at being ill. She now, however, began to discover that she was dull, and moreover, that no one cared, ex- cept herself, so the morning being very sunny, she dressed herself daintily, and went into Bond Street.

" She did not intend to trouble her head any further about this eccentric man," Nhe decided, and having come to this conclusion, she looked the bright, laughing Angette he had been be- fore her visit to the CArr Lyons.

" Uracions ! Was be des.tined to haunt her f"

There he was coming towards her, not solenm and sedately decorous, as at Cedar Lodge, but with extended hand and twinkling eyes. " I am so glad to meet you again, LAY Nevill. I was afraid to call, and this is luck !" " Mr. Fortescle !"

And she pulled herself up with an effort at dignity, but felt very much inclined to cry, so sudden WaS his change of manner. . _

_ " Don't say that you don't wish for my acquain• tame, because you will find that I am rather a persistunt fellow. Tell me, how did you enjoy the visit at the Carr Lyons ? Good fellow, Carr Lyon bm't be ?" "I cannot think how you can dare—'' and then Angette laughed, since she felt that she must not cry, and she was certainly quite bye • terical.

" I dare do all that may become a loan," he said, laughing too, " especially where a lady is concerned, whom I admire as much as I do you." And he lifted his hat as he spoke. " You are a most in person— hosid as I 'MVO ti ways been taught that it is usual li, avoid people who are civil to•day, and uncivil to morro " But the to•morrow has to come when I chub be uncivil to you."

" It NOCIIIS to me that tlio to-morrow was yes- terday:,

" Now you are incomprehensible. How to- morrow can be yesterday in a puzzle no ordinary fellow can be expected to wipes. if it is quite it aecortlance with your ladyship's views, let us into this pieture gallery, and have the mystitiiia - Hon explained, for that there is it mystification, I feel certain. In the tapage of Bond Street, 1 all afraid we shell scarcely come to an under- standing." Angette followed him meekly. Her anzer itt his behaviour seemed to have vaniabed under the III) gnetism of ii hi prosenee. " •Wlist is there in this man that makes me angry or pleased, just as he lists," she wondered MN they went into a large tenantless room, and suit down among the florid, leve-breathies pic• tures by.fragottard that deemated the walls. " Now," ssi.l I,er u Qut pt tion," before we 1001‘ at Oat suggestively beautiful genie around us, will you nut tell me how you enjoyed your visit to Cedar bodge ?" While he spoke, he looked at her with theme mischievous twinkling blue eyes, that seemed, Niece Ids return to London, to have increased in brightness and roguishness. Under the somewhat inquisitive peering, Lady Nevill answered honestly • " I hated it !•'

" So—so—and why ?" " Llow you can ask ? I don't know bow you can dare !" and there were tears in her voice, which evidently touched hint, for the expression in his oyes changed from mischief into tender in- tet est.

.4 You did not understand ?" he somewhat en- igmatically asked, and then he stopped. " No, 1 aia not understand why you should belt v to nulely."

"I P Rude But, my dear lady, I was not at Cedar Lodge." " Oh, Mr. Forteseue. Your name is Fortes- cue r •

"Yes, such is my patronymic, but I was not at Cedar Lodge." " But I saw you—spoke to you—was intro- aimed to you as Mr. Fortescue—and you were so stilt and disngreeable, you would not even speak o me civilly.' " Not to me, Lady Nevill : you have never been formally and properly introduced to me." " Either you must be dreaming or I am mad," she sold, looking utterly bewildered. " Neither, dear lady. I told you there was a t»ystificatiou ; now lam going to explain it. This disogreeable fellow you met at the Carr Lyons was my brother. We are said to be very much alike, hut I did not think you would be so thoroughly taken in." " Your brother—Hengist and Horsa !" and she laughed. " But every feature, every move- ment is the same,—only—' " Only he is a much stabler, cleverer, shyer chap thou I am, and he has not dared to fall in love with the beautiful Angette, Lady Nevill." She stood up as though to depart, but he stopped her with a gesture. " No—no, Lady Nevin, we have come here expressly to have an explanation—please let it be a full one." Again his personality dominated her, and she listened to his love tale without one dissentient murmur. All she whispered, in answer to his prayer that he might be allowed to woo her, was : " Heugist—my King !" It was his turn to be mystified, and the amuse- ment he derived from her explanation of how she had christened him Hengist, and the laugh they had together that Horsa was to pair with Bertha Douglas' dispelled all Angette's coyness, fella re. moved the gene that such an unexpected deblara- tion of love would otherwise have occasioned. The beautiful Fragonard pictures did not re- ceive even a glance, though they were quite in Itermony with the feelings in both their hearts. When, after half an hour's chat, thay at last rose from their meats, it was to leave the gallery, snit go to luncheon in Augette's pretty Mount Street fiat. " Not marry, never marry again ! Oh, An- gette, jeolous too of my Horsa !" It was Bertha's teasing reminder. She was so happy herself that she could not forego teasing ingette, for they had quite mode up their quar- rel—hut Angette did net mind. She had win . the love of her Hengist, and when she saw the brothers together, she could not understand boa she had been so deceived, for she was keenly alive to the fact thot her Hengist was far the righter and dearer of the two.

The Examiner, Saturday, August 19, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
If you don't use

Fels-Naptha like ordinary soap, but use it in the much easier Fels-Naptha way you'll have nicer clothes and cleaner house with less expense of either labour, cash, or time.

Every bar of Fels-Naptha proves this.

To find out how great a help Fels-Naptha soap is, give it one fair trial. If not satisfied, shopman returns your 2-I,d at once.

Real Thrift is exercised by using Fels-Naptha soap. No copper fire, no undue wear of clothes.

To-day's way is easier, quicker, better than the old way.

Fels-Naptha will do a day's clothes-wash in about half a day.

Fels-Naptha 3g- Wilson street London EC

===== 0002601_19050819_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND GLEANINGS.

THE ACTION OF COERA.VENOM.

An important communication on the action oil the human system of the poison of the Indian cobra has been published. While earlier investi- gators ascribed death from cobra-venom in most cases to paralysis of the respiratory centres, the author concludes that the main cause is a rise of blood pressure caused by the contraction of the minute arteries, which thus afford a barrier to the circulation.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
FLOWER CINEMATOGRAPHY.

Photography by means of the cinematograph has actually sliewn the growth of a flower. A bud which bursts into bloom in, say, sixteen days, is exposed to a camera every fifteen minutes during the sixteen days. When the pictures developed from the films are assembled in order in the moving picture machine the observer may see, to his delight, all in a minute or two, the gradual breaking of the bud—the blossoms open, close by night, and reopen in the morning, the leaves grow under the eye, the stamens peep from cover, and, finally, the full.blown flower.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INSECT WHICH BROODS.

A remarkable case of an insect sitting on its eggs is recorded by Mr. F. P. Dodd in the Transactions of the Entomological Society of London. This strange departure from the normal habits of the insect race is exhibited by a species of bug. The female sits in a brooding attitude over her eggs for a period of three weeks. When the young begin to break through she retires an inch or so away, and remains there for some hours until the last egg is hatched. She then de- parts, leaving the young ones to take card of themselves. During the whole time of brooding, and till all the young are hatched, the mother eats nothing. It is thought that this brooding habit may be a means of protection against the attacks of ichneumon flies.

ELECTROLYTIC DEPOSITION OF ZINC.

The experiments of M. Cabran for obtaining rapid deposits of zinc show that the electrolyte giving the best results is composed of 1,200 parts lof zinc sulphate. 60 parts of sulphuric acid of the strength of 24 deg. Baurne, and 6,000 parts el water. With this electrolyte and densities of current varying from two to three amperes per square decimeter clear, solid deposits of zinc were obtained. The tension of current was 1.5 to 2-5 volts. In other experiments the tension extended to six amperes per square decimet.r, without injuring the quality of the deposit, the voltage being from nine to ten volts. Crystals of zinc were formed on the borders of the cathode, but this did not prevent its being covered with a very adherent deposit of zinc.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTERFEITING SEA WATER.

Counterfeiting sea water has been effected with practically indistinguishable exactness. In- deed, it has been accomplished so successfully that the most delicate animals, such as sea anemones, have been kept alive in the artificial fluid for months together. Apparently there is no material difference between the imitation and the article provided by old Neptune. Sea water is a complicated mixture. Roughly speaking, it consists of 9E4 per cent, of fresh water plus 3!..- per cent, of mineral salts. Three-fourths of these salts are chloride of sodium, or common table salt, and the next largest constituent is chloride of magnesium. After these come sul- phate of magnesium, sulphate of lime, sulphate of potash, bromide of magnesium, and carbon- ate of lime. In addition to these substances sea water contains minute quantities of quite a variety of elements, including iodine, phos- phorous, and arsenic. It also contains some silver, copper, zinc, nickel, cobalt, iron, and gold.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ORIGIN OF THE HORSE.

The origin of the horse is an interesting and difficult problem. Professor Cossar Ewart points out that in post-glacial, as well as in pre-glacial times, there were several distinct species of horse. And it is extremely probable, he thinks, that some of the prehistoric species have con- tinued almost unaltered to the present day. There are now three distinct horses living. Theso are Prjvalsky's wild horse of the Gobi desert, the Celtic pony, and the Norse horse. Two of these at least have taken part in forming a number of British breeds. Other varieties are a long-headed, heavily-built horse with a straight profile, and another with a more or less pro- nounced Roman nose. Several Occidental and several African and Oriental varieties also occur. The English thoroughbred is a mixture of Ori- ental, Occidental, and African varieties. It is therefore probable that it includes in its ances- try several wild species. In other words the horse has had a multiple origin.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
PARASITIC PEAS.

The parasitic plant growing on its host, as, for example, the mistletoe on the apple, is an interesting botanical problem. The seed of the parasite sends out its radicles into the tissue's of the host, from which it is able to absorb ela- borated nourishment. Mr. G. J. Pearce has succeeded in the remarkable feat of making a pea plant grow as a parasite on a bean. The radicles of the' sprouting peas were inserted in the stems of strong young bean plants, and kept in place by plaster of Paris. The roots of the peas grew downward through the stalk of the bean, but in no case did they reach the level of the ground. These parasitic peas flowered and produced seeds which afterwards germinated. They were smaller than the nor- mal plants, but the reduction was more marked in the case of the stem and foliage than in the seeds. The seeds from this generation of para- sites were planted in bean stems as before, arid produced somewhat smaller plants than the parents. There was no true union between the root of the pea and the tissue of the bean.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
• THE ATMOSPHERES OF PLANETS.

Some time ago Dr Johnstone Stoney contri- buted to the Transactions of the Royal Society of Dublin an able paper on the atmospheres of planets, including that of the earth. From a series of closely reasoned mathematical and physical considerations it was concluded that the gases hydrogen and helium, which should normally exist in the air, escape the control of gravity, and go wandering off in space until attracted by some other sun or planet. Similar considerations applied to the moon shewed that neither air, water, nor carbonic acid gas could be retained by the moon to form a lunar atmo- sphere. Applied to Mars, again, Dr. Stoney's arguments contradict the popular view that the white caps at the poles are snow. For the figures suggest that Mars cannot retain water in its at- mosphere. And as regards Mercury Dr. Stoney's conclusions are that it has probably no water. In a less degree it is probable that it has no air. Its atmosphere, if it has one, is probably argon and carbonic acid gas.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ELECTROCULTURE OF PLANTS.

The .investigations of Professor Lemstrom, of Helsingfors, and others, tend to show that electricity exerts a great influence on the growth of plarts, and this view, says the Scientific American, is confirmed by the luxuriant vegeta- tion of the zone of action of that violent'elec- trical manifestation, the aurora borealis. The results of the professor's experiments are contra- dictory in some respects, and shew that the ad- vantage derivable from electroculture depends also upon other factors, such as temperature, moisture of air and soil, and the natural fertility and the manuring of the latter. The supply of water is of especial importance. Extensive ex- periments with potatoes, carrots, and celery re- veal increases in crop of from 30 to 70 per cent. Potted strawberry plants, in the greenhouse, produce ripe fruit, under electrical influence, in half the usual time. Small differences, possibly due to extraneous causes, appear when the direction of the current is reversed. Other flelc: experiments give increases of 45, 55, occasionally 85 per cent, for grain, and 95 per cent, for rasp- *berries, while cabbage, tobacco, flax, turnips, and peas grow better without electrification than with it. _

In what way is the growth of plants affected by electricity? Plants transform the energy of the sun's rays into chemical energy. Though the heat produced by the electric current may have some direct effect, especially in germination, the electrical energy supplied cannot, in general, re- plaoe or even .greatly reinforce the energy of sunshine, It is rather to be regarded as a stimulus to metabolism and all the vital pro- cesses. One of these is the capillary elevation of water, which is promoted by a positive electric current flowing upward. This is one possible explanation of the promotion of growth by elec- tricity, and though. in some cases the best effect is obtained by directing the positive current downward, or in the opposite direction to the assumed principal flow of sap, these exceptions may mean that more food is supplied by the leaves than is commonly supposed. Another possibility is an increase in activity in both leaves and roots. The electrical influence on the flow of sap, however, appears to be proved by the fact that electroculture is beneficial Only in connection Witt., an abundant supply or wate, According to kernry, there is also an electro- lysia of water within the plant, and further ex. periment may prove the existence of other elec- trical actions.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
V 'CI' goh

le BEST £5 Keyless Watch, is

===== 0002601_19050819_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
SiCK-HEADACHE,

INDIGESTION,

LOSS OF APPETITE,

===== 0002601_19050819_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
is a wonderful water proofer of BOOTS & HARNESS. sor- Dales9tens and preserves the leahter Pleasant odour allow pellsh log with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGH EST AWARDS. fiat set.. 64, 6.0,6 of Soot Dubbin „fakeri, Saddlers, Ismta.aftesrs des. Manntattetvs East Dethsach Lostrierw

===== 0002601_19050819_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
TIRED MEN.

When you are tired of taking mysterious prescrip-tlons,and Weary of wearing Illectrl3 Belts, write tome, and I will Bend you a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may he quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOUSNESS, EXHAUSTION, YARICOCELE. and DEBILITY, from any cause whatever. WITHOUT STOMACH MEDIC:NIf, or ELECTIIICITY. Humfreds of cures Book rent sealed,post free, for two stamos.—A. J, LEIGH, 92 ansi 93. Great Russell St., London. W.C. Over seventeen years' successful resu'is

===== 0002601_19050819_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
MEkRYWEATHER ON

WATER SUPPLY

FIRE PROTECTION

of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements.

WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: NERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

AO PAGE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUL. Wholesale Pricet Cycles, Motors, Accessories. s,soo :leg and second-hand rn.tchines actually m stuck. Cycles from 305., B.S.A. and BANK'S machines. Never such bargains .?..411-tt 7.,,, offered. Agents:l'atteidi , C II so per cent less than other makers. Warrllow a C. lireslon-ii-aare. England.

CHITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40.378. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Item In the Royal Laundries. Should be used in EVery house. Oore tried, ale aye awl-rt. MAKEi OLD LINEN LIRE NEW Le greatest boon ever offered to the 'Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, Ica. It does not stick to spider-web- Ike materials. sold everywhere In Packets at Id., 3d., and 6d. each. PREP.RED ONLY BY

T. estrrenusy. Chemist. BLACKBURN. 7, Whitt=lei Street, Lonaoli, B.C.

. .•, 0 . , , ' Th

-q••1•':

===== 0002601_19050819_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & CO. PRICE LIU'S Printed on card or paper Mae- rated, if required.

TELEPHONE No. 355 Y. FOB

PROGRAMMES

FETES, TEA PARTIES

CONCERTS

SERMONS MEETINGS &c., &C BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, ac., JOHN WALKER, & CO.

SOIREES BALLS

RULES PRINTED and BOUND for Oddfellows Foresters, Dru;ds, Shepherds' Sick, Burials and Trade Societies.

MEMORANDA AND ARTIOLRS OF ASSOCIATION 'IRUST DARDS AND SHARE +. ORRTIFIOATIIS RXrCUTED AT SHORT NOTICFP. TIRPORTS AND BALANOM-SHERTS, PAMPHLNTS, THADI4 DATALOGURS. AND OHNI.FIAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION AT

;JOHN WALKER & Co.,

===== 0002601_19050819_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER OFFICE.

BEWSZY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
H ANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song. Festivals, &c.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMMIL4 fnr Entertainment, Concert 9, at.. in the latest artistic style.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
SICK, RECEIPT, awl SUBSCRIP lON BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
CATALOGUE?, for Public and Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradesmen,

===== 0002601_19050819_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any 6iZe or pattern on Vue, white, orlancy paper.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATIONAL WORKS.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
pRICE LISTS Printed on card or paper illuatmod, if required. A DDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS OF ALL SIZES DANCES: CONCERT 4. 13112aARS. r'RETINGS. SPORTS. SERVICE., TEA PAR±IRS. ANNOUNCB3II3I4 TS.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

TIEEPHONEI 3551 r.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
RC

USIF s I

HOKEES AND

VALUERS, 187. 1873.

If you want to buy a genuino Business, or require a partner, from £5 to £5,000 in Liverpool and District—consult us.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
NO SALE. NO CHARGE.

341 South John Street, Lor d "331.:P00t) LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESSRVED.]

THE DIFFICtIT SEX,

JOHN STRANGE WINTER (Author of " Bootle's Baby," " Harty." 4.0.).

Of course the difficult sex is Woman The other sex can be classified and tabulated, ac- cording to class and condition, with a fair ap- proach to certainty as to how they will act. On the whole, men respond to the pressure of cir- cumstance and reason with admirable precision, and can be more or less grouped and dominated by leading ideas : with them action is generally in some visible proportion to cause. Any ex. -ceptions do not count for much. It is not so with the more itneresting sex. With them—the difficult sex—instinct and the personal note is ever apt to swamp logic, reason. law, arithmetic—everything. One has only to sit on a few women's committees to realize the absurdity of trying to secure the co-operation of women, for any conceivable end, by mere logic or even self-interest. To say this, is not to east a sneer at my sex—it is detestable for any woman to do that, and thanks to the pitiless justice of Time, unjust sneers never fail to damage the utterer eventimily. And it is no libel on,my sex to point out that we are prone to act on instinct, or emotion, before reason and fact assert their sway. But this tendency un- Aloubtedly makes perfect co-operation or organ- ization among women either impossible or ephemeral, and goes far to account for the com- parative failure of many feminist movements. It is wise to allow for it in all demands upon .our sex.

Nevertheless, there is no denying that the influence of women is practically all pemoiing. If they are not the stronger set, they alwoys colcur and often dominate it, and therefore it IM of the highest importance that their power shall be guided by right thinking, which alone can produce right action.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
DECADANCE A FALLACY.

Whatever woman may do by choice or nem, pity outside the purely domestic sphere which constitutes her natural domain, it will always :remain true that " the hand that rocks the cradle rules the world," /Ind nothing can trans- cend the power of the goad wife and mother. When I read violent and sensational diatribes against the women of our day—which suggest that we have all eagerly sunk into appalling wickedness and riotous immodesty—l men billy run through the hundreds of women and girls of all classes whom I know and mix with, to see how the cap fits. What do I bud ? I find almost every other hind, of woman except the one so luridly drawn as the typical woman of to-day ; I find the vast majority willing slaves to a mild conventionality. and so far from realizing the picture that the smallest approach to it on the part of anyone known to them, even by name, causes horrified comment ; I find many noble women patiently doing their best to bring brightness and light to others ; I find scores of lovable wives and mothers obviously filling their -positions with no small success ; I find few indeed at whom the finger of scorn could justly be pointed, or for whose inefficiencies and faults ordinary charity would not find much excuse.

It is ridiculous and mischievous to talk as though, because there ere many whose follies make them conspicuous, women in the mass are hopelessly decadent to-day ; there probably never was a time when so many women were Cfignged in good works, end filled with high ideals, as at the present time. It may be true also tglat there never was a time when women had so much,liberty and independence, and were so surrounded by alluring opportunities and temptations to misuse their privileges. But you cannot have freedom without risks ; privileges invariably bring abuses in their train, and those who are revelling in freedom are only too apt to overlook the price it involves—that of giving greater liberty to the powers of • evil as well ot good—and to let abuses become scandals before raising their hands to purity their surround- ings.

TITE WAIL OF TUE MALCONTENT. It must be remembered that the powers of Evil are always more rapid in actiou than those of Good—it is their compensation for not being so permanent. Evil always becomes unbearable, even to itself, before long ; while Good is never self- destructive. Its great let-down is that it is not self-assertive, and is too content to rely on its inherent quality .

The one thing needed, in these pushful days, to check the apparent prevalence of undesirable habits and customs, is that the millions of clean- living, well-meaning women among us shall be roused to exercise their due influence, and be less ready to let the tune be called by those whose lives and motives are less pure than their OWII.

- It is natural that malcontents shoal be more demonstrative than contents ; and if the con- tents allow them all the say, who can wonder if they convey the impression that contentment is non-existent ? Yet it is not the dissatisfied woman as a rule who can do useful work, or help any cause forward. The power rests with the pure and wholesome, and it is only when they will not exert it that the imperfect can get a show at all. How many goe,d causes, how many estimable societies, languish simply be- cause their most energetic workers are not their soundest and most single-minded members, but often their most self-interested and least esti- mable !

It is very difficult to get satisfied people, whether men or women, to interest themselves as keenly for the general good as those who have suffered, either justly or unjustly, and therefore ;ere often deeply biassed ; and, between the twn, it is not to be wondered at that the keen-sighted, ambitious, or self-seeking are apt to get the box seat in every movement.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
SATE 1:9 FROM OTR FRIENDS.

The rapid growth of evils in our midst, both in great matters and small, is slowly causing the soundest minds to awaken to the need of fundamental changes, and takes the curious form of a demand for restraint from the very quarters where liberty has been valued most ! The effects of organised effort, which past freedom has made possible in every direction, are being slowly met by a deep demand for in- dividual freedom from organised tyranny ; and we see on all sides a tendency to clamour for " freedom to negotiate !" Herein is a great op- portunity for " the difficult sex i" Let every good woman realise the greatness of her real power as an individual, and teach every girl that she is of infinite importance as an in- dividual, but comparatively ineffective in rigid co-operation. and many of the real evils of the day would steadily become less obstrusive and demonstrative.

When one looks below the surface of things, one cannot but see that the power of the best women among us is continuously exerted in a negative fashion. Can any reasonable thinker suppose that if female suffrage, for instance, was desired by happily married women, that it woul d not be granted as quickly as the methods of the Constitution would allow?

Does anyone suppose that divorcees, faddists, prudes, and fanatics either can or will present fair pictures of the world around them ? Let those who are not of these imitate their in- terested vigour, and hold up their own moderate lives and views with equal insistence, and where undoubted evils are found to exist set their faces more determinedly against them, and we shall soon see a more wholesome state a things around us.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
VIE APATRY 'OP THE CONTENT.

Put so long as clean. wholesome people will not bestir themselves, the pace will seem to be set by the least desirable or the most pushing. Not long ago I saw a striking instance ot the want of courage which often benumbs estimable and really powerful people. A very prominent woman gave a party to which she did not invite a certain lady of whom she did not approve. The holy in question rightly felt that her ii would he cordially approved by her neiglibidirs, and salmly attended with her erd T had been the hostess, that ladyi would neither have come nor stayed ! It is always less trouble to permit encroachXnents than to resist them; but if those who have the power to set the pace aright neglect to do iso, can they complain if others usurp the right ? If the best minds do not diligently strive for freedom of thought, of action, of labour. can they complain if interested minds organize restrictions which tend to enthrall them ?

fkt llsxborough on Monday, William Drury, 63, an invalid, was burnt to death in bed. He always wore a w*istcot and kept matches in his pocket. It is sup- osed th It when trying to light a candl he set the bed t n fire.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
In the Good Old Days.

Sir,—As bearing on the question of the mental alarm caused through motor-cars moving at speed in country districts, the deserted condition of our main roads is hardly appreciated by the generality of people. Travelling recently, on a drenching day, from London to Oxford and back, my motor neither met nor passed a dozen vehicles in the whole double distance beyond Uxbridge, except in the few towns on the route. For twelve miles straight-on-end only one cart was seen. Our through traffic for 50 years has been so entirely absorbed by railways that two whole generations have grown up looking upon roads as constructed and main- tained mainly for local purposes and for pleasant ease, but not for real use. A wet day empties them like a Sunday. A very different condition of things prevailed in 1831. The Post Office Directory of that date shows the daily timing from London of 51 Coaches bound for Bath, wet or fine, and of course the same number ran from Bath to London. This means more than 100 coaches in the 21 hours, therefore one must have passed any given spot about every quarter of an hour, to say nothing of fly- waggons, private carriages, and carriers' vans. These remarkable figures are, however, nearly doubled on another route. As many as 91 four-in-bands left London daily for Oxford and beyond, along that now deserted highway upon which the rain-swept motorist of to-day travels in absolute solitude. The roads in 1831 must have been highly "dangerous ! " A coach-and-four swinging along at an average pace of 10 miles an hour, up hill and down dale, , may be more picturesque and musical than a motor, but Inone the less it would give slender opportunity for such casual neglect of the rules of the road as obtains in the present day on the part of all drivers of horses, and it would afford little safety for children using the road as a playground. A coach travelling at 12 miles an hour 1 is less under control than a motor-car going at twice the pace. When this complete mastery over scar is more clearly 'understood, and when our minds are attuned to higher average speeds than that set by a trottting horse, we shall sensibly recognize that careful rapidity is not in itself a peril, that roads are important arteries of com- munication, and that it is for the general good that they should not any longer lie idle, dusty and neglected, but should again be well surfaced, busy, and alive with the pulse of progress under its most modern form—the throb of the swift and universal motor-car.—l am, sir, yours, &c., PIONEER. Midsummer, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Ratepayers and the Markets.

Sir—Some time ago correspondence took place in your paper as to the condition ot the markets. No apparent benefit has accrued so far as concerns the matters com- plained of except perhaps in the way of police super- vision. It may be said here that one of the complaints had to do with the method of dealing with the refuse of the markets such as rotten fruit in the one market and the wasted fish in the other. It was very strongly pointed out that leaving rotten fruit lying about where poor little children could easily get to it constituted a danger to the health of those little ones, and that through the sating of such decayed fruit, disease might possibly be spread. Another complaint dealt with the emptying of fish bins, improper cleansing of these bins, along with faulty drainage &c., b3ing given as reasons to account for the objectionable smells more or less always conspicuous round the fish market. The unclassified arrangement of the stalls in both markets was another subject of comment. Besides the public correspondence drawing attention to these matters a letter was also written to the Chairman of the Markets Committee urging him to take some steps to remedy things. But that gentlemen wrapped himself up in official dignity—l was going to say ignorance. I would like to say that we require conscientious men in the Town Council and on the various Committees, not men over-burdened by the sense of their own importance. It appears to bean unwritten law among the members of I the Markets Committee that on no account must they be unfortunate enough to visit the markets which they are supposed to know such a deal about. Certainly some of the members have an unaccountable horror of being seen near the market area. This brings me to the subject of this present letter. I An application has been made by a local firm of auctioneers (Messrs. Vane and Co.) for a stand on ' Saturdays in the portion of the market (partly covered but mostly uncovered) bordering on Queen-street. The stand required does in fact run along the wall of the offices of Messrs. Vane and Co. The application was refused and for what real reason I should very much like to know, as no doubt woukl also many others. It was stated at the meeting of the Town Council when the application came up for consideration that that portion of the market applied for was primarily and specifically intended for farm produce only. But this was afterwards virtually denied. But even if it was so intended the space applied for is unoccupied and might as well be let. The stalls are pretty well overcrowded. A stall, however, is not what Messrs. Vane and Co. desire so they will not add to the overcrowding in this direction. The stand Messrs. Vane and Co. require is a vacant space away from the stall area altogether, This can be seen by personal inspection and if inspected on a Saturday night it would also be seen that there is plenty of room for a sale to be held that would not inconvenience any other party. A space of about 22 by 7 yards was vacant last Saturday night just outside the offices of Vane and Co. To say that this portion of the market is overcrowded is directly contrary to the actual state of affairs. Why rag-tag auctioneers (if one can call them auctioneers), should be allowed lighted stalls to sell all sorts of rubbish and a respectable firm of local auctioneers (fully qualified) refused a stand in some vacant space apart entirely from the infested area, is past my com- prehension. It has been mentioned in the reports of the Town Council meetings that Messrs. Vane and Co., sell furniture and other household goods. For sales of this deecription it is well that they should be held on the day most convenient to husband and wife (and in- tending husbands and wives) and others to attend. By thus allowing these sales to be held on a Saturday (which is a recognised market day) four advantages would accrue. First the public would be benefited, secondly, the firm would be benefited, thirdly the rate- payers would reap a benefit and, fourthly, it would be a benefit because it would do away with the great heap of refuse deposited alon,g Messrs. Vane and Co's., offices. This removed and a danger to the children (who scrum- mage in the refuse for fruit), would be considerably lessened.

As ths matter stands at present two sales are being held each Monday, thus one firm competing directly against the other—the possible outcome of this may be that one of the firms will quit the market altogether and the ratepayers will be the losers. Why could not Messrs. Vane and Co., have been allowed to continuo their Saturday sales without interruption ? It is a downright shame and injustice that the firm should be debarred from holding their sales on a proper market I day when the space is waiting for an occupant. I I should have thought that the recognised market days were the proper days for all sales. If not what are market days for? If one firm chooses Monday as their best day why should not another firm chooso Saturday? The space required is as vacant on a Saturday as it is on a Monday or Tuesday. I trust others will voice their opinions on this matter that thereby the Markets Committee will be influenced to grant Messrs. Vane and Co.'s application. I think an injustice has been done and for this reason I take the matter up. Fair play to all and no favour to one more than another. Yours,

A marriage in which considerable interest was taken was solemnized at St. Paul's Church on Tuesday afternoon, the contracting parties being Miss Minnie Baker, daughter of Mr. William Baker, 24, litarson- street, and Mr. Arthur Ashton, son of the late Alder- man Ashton, of the Bridge Inn, and brother of Mr. Henry Ashton, secretary of the Football Club. A large congregation assembled to witness the ceremony the officiating clergyman being the Rev. R. H. Bowen. The bride, who was given away by her father, was becomingly attired in white chiffon taffeta, the front panel of which was composed of Brussels applique ; lace roses. Similar embroidery crossed the bodice, which had a transparent yoke. She also wore a Brussels net veil, and a coronet of orange blossoms, and carried a beautiful shower .bouquet of lilies of the valley. The bridesmaids were Miss M. Stevenson, Miss L. Hardman and the Misses F. and M. Baker. The Misses Stevenson and Hard- man wore gowns of pastel blue French muslin, trimmed with Valenciennes lace and a deep corsage of blue taffeta silk, with lace picture hats. They carried shower bouquets of pink carnations and lilies of the valley, and wore gold curb bangles, the sifts of the bridegroom. The two children, who are nieces of The decision of the Warrington Corporation to charge' the bride, were dressed in white pin spot muslin, three halfpence for the journev from Rylands-street to trimmed with shell pink ribbons, with hats to match. Victoria-square,lStockton Heath, has aroused the indig- They carried crooks adorned with shell pink ribbons nation of many of the " Heathens" who consider that andflowers, and wore gold chains with heart-shaped they are being unfairly treated. The adoption of an pendant, the gifts of the bridegroom. Mr. Walter extensive boycott of the cars was freely mooted, but After the there has been no organized opposition to the action of ' Ashton discharged the ditties of best man the Corporation. In fact many of the residents in the ceremony the happy cup le left for N.reek, near village viewed the matter rather philosophicallyor Blackpool. The bride's travelling dress was of dark and have, more or less cheerfully, paid the extra blue, with long grey coat and hat to match. The charge of one halfpenny for the extended journey. A following is a list of the presents : number of the inhabitants of the district however took Bridegroom to bride, long gold chain a more serious view of the situation and at their insti. Bride to bridegroom, gold ring gation an extensively signed petition has been pre. Bridegroom to bridesmaids, gold bangle sented to the Tramways Committee of the Corporation, Father and mother, antique sideboard and cheque who however have declined to entertain it. .1 Mrs. Chrimes, skin rug and cruet

"FAIR PLAY."

Mrs. Woods (Stockport), fruit dishes Mrs. Morgan, hot water jug Miss Grounds, silver toilet jar Mr. and Mrs. Grounds, Sheffield plate goblets Mr. and Mrs. Scotson, lounge chair Mrs. White, hand-painted plague Miss Darlington, silver hat pin stand Mrs. Baker, pair of ornaments Mr. and Mrs. Cooper, full set of vans Mr. and Mrs. C. Baker, silver ring tree Miss F. Baker, silver serviette ring Miss Bracegirdle, handsome afternoon tea cloth Miss Matthews, d'oyley Miss Baker, cutlery basket Mr. Eric Baker, marmalade jar Miss M. Baker, silver photo frame Mr. and Mrs. R. Baker, copper and black curb and fire irons Mr. and Mrs. Beckett, silver-back brush and comb Miss H. Beckett. brass p'loto frame Mr. Yates, pair of pictures Mr. W. Ashton and Miss Gleave, white quilt Mr. and Mrs. Davies, sugar bowl and sifter Miss A. Baker, ornaments Mrs. Lewiss, marble clock Mrs. Yarwood, silver hot water jug Mr. J. Yarwood and Miss Yarwood, desert spoons Misi L. Rogers, cut glass sugar basin and cream jug Miss M. Rounds, porcelains clock and ornaments Mr. and Mrs. H. Baker, hall mats Mrs. Finnigan and Mrs. Davies, silver-mounted preserve jar Mr. and Mrs. Burton (Liverpool), Mardi horses Mr. Newton, dolly tub and dolly Mr. Swift and Miss Payne, biscuit barrel Miss K. Woodland, teapot and stand Mr. H. Ashton, cheque Mr. .1. Ashton and Misses Ashton, silver butter knife and pickle fork Mr. Merrill, handsome plant pot Miss M. Grounds, glass flower vases Mr. and Mrs. T. Ashton, black and brass plant stand Miss L. Hardman, oxidized coal vase Miss M. Griffith, silver and glass biscuit jar Misses L. and E. Gittens, butter dish, set of jugs and salad dish

Mrs. Gittens and the Misses E. and 11. Gittens, hand- some toilet set

Mr. C. Ashton and Miss Monks, pair silver photo frames Mrs. Scott, Stockport, teapot Miss E. Broome, ball brushes and bracket Mr. Allen and Miss Rogers, poker-work bracket Mrs. Payne, set of jugs Mrs. Goodenough, vases ' Mr. and Mrs. Rogers, Sheffield plate toast rack and butter stand Mr. J. Ashton and Miss Woods, rug Miss B. Grounds, cut wine glasses Miss L. Grounds, lading can (enamel) Mr. and Mrs. Anders, pair of pictures, water-colours Jack, Jim, and Helix, brass preserving pan Miss L. Turley, silver pin box Mr. W. Ashton, cheque Mr. J. Lewis, eiderdown quilt Misses A. F. and A. Beswick, handsome cushion Miss Stephens, enamel pan Master W, Baker, glasses Miss Minnie Baker, el.( am jug Miss May Baker, frying pan Mr.and Mrs. T. Yarwood, household linen Miss Stevenson, wrought iron and copper plant stand Mr. and Mrs. Stevenson,wicker chair • Mr. R. Burton, Liverpool, silver salts and spoons Mr. Fred Yarwood and Miss Trickett, Wigan, silver jam dish. _ _ _

Bayley---Davenport. A wedding of coosiderable local interest was solemnized at St. Thomas' Church, Stockton Heath, on Thursday, the contracting parties being Miss Annie Davenport,daughter of Mr. C. W. Davenport, Stockton Heath,builder and contractor,and. Mr. George Bayley,son of Mr. John Bayley,Wilderspool Causeway. There was a large attendance at the church to witness the ceremony which was performed by the Rev. H. V. Pigot. The bride, who was given away by her father was attired in a dress of biscuit coloured silk eolienne over glace silk, trimmed with lace, and wore a silk hat to match. She carried a bouquet of Milos and sweet peas. The bridesmaids were :till Misses Amy Davenport, Alice Bayley, and Mary Kate and Susy Davenport. The first two named wore dresses of pale blue silk eolienne trimmed with lace, and also wore gold lockets and chains, the gifts of the bridegroom. The Misses Mary, Kate and Susy Davenport, wera attired in dresses of white silk, and carried bouquets of geraniums and sweet seas. Mr. W. Davenport dis- charged the duties of best man. Mr. R. Slaacklady : was at the organ, and played suitable selections of music. The reception was held at the Hall Café, after which the happy couple left for North Wales, where the honeymoon is being spent, the bride travelled in a pale blue costume, with hat to match. Many handsome presents were received. Whittle —Houghton. The marriage took place at the Parish Church on Tuesday morning of Miss Annie Margaret Houghton, daughter of the, late Mr. John Houghton, and Mr. Frank James Whittle, of the Marquis of Granby, Church-street. The bride, who was given away by her brother-in-law, Mr. Robert Perdue, was prettily attired to it dress of dove-coloured voile, trimmed with chiffon and French blossom, and carried a lovely shower bouquet of asters ond lilies of the valley, the gift of the bridegroom. Her bridesmaid was Miss Maggie Holland, who wore a blue voile dress, and carried a bouquet of pink and red roses. The duties of best man were discharged by Mr. Thomas Whittle, brother of the bridegroom. Reardon--Kilduff. Tne marriage of Miss Jane E. Kilduff, daughter of Mr. James Kilduff, Marsh-street; and Mr, Thomas Reardon, son of Mr. Reardon, Holy Mount, Bewsey, was solemnized at St. Marys Church, Buttermarket- street, on Thursday, the officiating priest being the Rev. Dr. Mercer, the bride wore a dress of white China silk and a hat ta match and carried a bouqwet of white flowers. The reception was held at the Winmarleigh Cafe, after which the happy couple left for Ireland for the honeymoon.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRAM FARES TO STOCKTON HEATH. Reduction Refused.

The Examiner, Saturday, August 19, 1905.

LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Grlmsdale—Birtles.

Christ Church, Padgate, was the scene of a very pretty wedding on Tuesday afternoon, the contracting parties being Miss Ethel Birtles, daughter of Mr. Thomas Birtles, Brantwood. Fearnhead, and Legh House, Warrington, and Mr. William Henry Grimsdale, son of the late Mr. James Grimsdale, Ferry House, , Twickenham, Middlesex. Great interest centred in the event as both the bride and bridegroom are well known in Warrington and district. Mr. Grimsdale, it will be remembeied, was formerly electrical engineer and tramways manager to the Warrington Corporation, and left the town on obtaining a more important , appointment at Portsmouth. A largo congregation I assembled to witness the wedding, the pretty church being well filled. While the guests were striving, Mr. F. Blackwell, who presided at the organ, played some choice selections. Promptly at two o'clock the bride entered the church, leaning on the arm of her father, and as she walked up the aisle attended by her bridesmaids the organist rendered the " Bridal March "from " Lohengrin " (Wagner). The officiating clergyman was the Rev. J. W. Isherwood, of Shrewsbury (formerly of Warrington) who was assisted by the Rev. W. Pollock-Hill, Vicar of Padgate. The bride, who was given away by her father, looked charming in a dress of white mouseline-de-soie, with Brussels lace yoke and fichn, and a long sash of chiffon. She wore a veil of Brussels net and wreath of real orange blossom amid carried a lovely bouquet of lilies of the valley and orchids which, together with A diamond ring, was the gift of the bridegroom. The bride's gift to the bridegroom was a set of gold cuff links. The bridesmaids were Miss Dorothy Browne (niece of the bride) and Miss Grimsdale (sister of the bridegroom). Their dresses were of white silk eolienne with embroidered chiffon yokes and fichus and long sashes, and they wore lace hats, trimmed with mauve hydrangeas, with chiffon strings. They carried beautiful shower bouquets of mauve sweet peas and their ornaments were pearl pendants, the gifts of the bridegroom. Mr. H. A. Grimsdale, brother of the bridegroom, discharged the duties of best man. At the conclusics)...of the ceremony the wedding party left the church to the strains of Mendelssohn's "Wed- ding March." The reception was held at Brantwood and was largely attended, and when the guests were assembled on the lawn the scene was a bright and pleas- ing one. Later in the day the newly-married couple left for Scotland where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride's travelling dress was of biscuit coloured crepoline trimmed with mauve and Paris lace,and she wore a mauve hat trimmed with roses. Mr. and Mrs. Grimsdale were the recipients of many handsome presents. For some years the bride has been actively associated with the work at Houghton Green Mission and the clergy and congregation expressed their good wishes by presenting her with a Bible. The following is a full list of the presents: Bride to bridegroom, gold cuff links Bridegroom to bride, diamond ring Father of bride, old o Lk chest and pictures Mrs. J. E. Wright, table linen Mr. and Mrs. A. Browne, cheque Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Birtles, silver salts Mr. and Mrs. .J. C. Bate, dinner service Mr. and Mrs. S. Wright, silver coffee tray Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Jackson, gas stove Miss Dirties, coffee cups and saucers Misses K. and L. Birtles, silver muffin dish Miss Dorothy and Master Norman Browne, tea service Masters Roger and Basil Bate, silver sauce boats Master Denis Wright, silver sugar tongs Miss Wright, silver and glass jam jars Mr. and Mrs. E. Grimsdale, silver revolving entree dish and ladle Mr. and Mrs. H. Heron, silver kettle and stand Mr. H. A. Grimsdale, antique silver mustards Mr. C. J. Grimsdale, antique silver cruet Miss Grimsdale, antique silver sugar basin and silver card case Miss Ellis (Twickenhan), antique silver fish servers and gold bangle set with diamonds (an heirloom) The Misses Hatfield (Catford), bronze jardiniere Mrs. Perrier (Twickenham), silver fish knives Mr. and Mrs Brady (Twickenham), china cabinet and chair Mr. and Mrs. Champion (Twickenham), set of copper kettles Miss Thompson (Twickenham), Whittier's poems Misses Grant (Twickenham), salad bowl and servers Mr. Pooley (Twickenham), silver and glass chutney jar

London office staff, case of cutlery Miss Heron, brass match stand Mr. F. Marsh (London), pair silver candlesticks Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Atkinson (Kent), pair silver candlesticks Rev. W. and Mrs. Pollock-Hill, silver button hook and shoe horn Miss M. 2nllock-Hill, silver photo frame Rev. and Mrs. Inglis, glove and handkerchief case Rev. T. W. Isherwood (Shrewsbury), silver flower stand Rev. H. Gorse (Roby), glass jugs Dr. Selby (Frodsham), antique oak chair His Worship the Mayor, choice orchids Mr. and Mrs. G. Shepherd (Bacup), silver flower stand Mr. and Mrs. 0. Lofthouse, silver pepperettes Mr. and Mrs. W. Jeans, silver crumb scoopl Mr. and Mrs. F. Roberts, silver flower stand. Mr. and Mrs. J. Fairhurst, silver butter dish Mr. and Hrs. W. B. Roberts, silver cake basket Mr. and Mrs. G. F. F. White, salad bowl and servers Mr. and Mrs. J. Richardson, pair silver flower stands Mr. and Mrs. James Hall, silver cake knives Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Thompson, Worcester vases Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Howard, silver afternoon tea- spoons Mrs. Thornton, d'oyleys Mr., Mrs., and Misses Wm. Gill, silver entree dish Mr. and Mrs. G. Mather, fender and fireirons Mr. and Mrs. Thompson (Blackburn), silver-mounted bread board Mr. and Mrs. Warwick Brookes (Manchester). cheque Mrs. W. Thrutchley (Sheffield), hand-worked velvet table centre Mr. and Mrs. Davies (Montgomery), travelling rug Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Ashton, china fruit dish Mrs. and Miss Shaw Green, breakfast cruet Mrs. James Comber, fancy handkerchiefs Mr. and Mrs. Atkinson, cushian . . Mr. and Mrs. Jennings, china fruit dish Misses Bate (Tarporley), copper jardiniere Misses Leigh, silver salver Mrs. and Misses L'Estrange, Cloisenne vases Misses Bennett, silver plant pots Misses Bennet (Lyndhurst), Worcester pot pourri jars' Miss Browne, case of carvers The Misses Gandy, afternoon tea cloth Miss Jackson (Plymouth), embroidered case. Misses Finney, afternoon tea cloth and serviettes Misses Mason, silver photo frame Miss Isaac, (Frodsham), ivory Prayer Book Miss Dean (Pendleton), silver pin boK Miss L. Brough, silver hack clothes brash 'Messrs. Eustance and Co., silver-mounted bread board

Clergy and congregation of Houghton Green Mission, Bible Miss Buratto, silver photo frame Mr. J Whittaker, copper kettle Mrs. Webb, china teapot and sugar and cream Mr. D. lintght, hall brushes and stand Ellen, Brentwood, crumb tray and brush Clara, Legit House, vases Prances, Wilson-Patton-street, flomer vases Moores, Legh House, vases George Newton (Padgate), silver cruet !Ashton —Baker.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CHAMBERLAIN AND LABOUR M.P.'S The St. Helens Attack—Mr. A. Henderson's Reply.

In the Iron Founder's INlonthly Report for August Mr. Arthur Elanderson, M.P.' in his • Parlia.ment Lry Notes " alludes to Mr. Charabarlain's attack on Labour representatives in the course of his St. Helens speech in June.

Mr. Chamberlain then said: "I believe I have behind me the mass of the working people. (Chesrs.) We shall see—l don't mean at the next election—l mean whenever the issue is brought home clearly at the one great issue. Then, I believe, that without regard to panties the great mass of the working people will ba on my side. It is said—have you considered that the representatives of Labour are all against you? Who are the representatives of Labour? (Cheers). Whom do you mean? Do you mean those who call themselves by that name, and who sit in Parlia- ment with the assistance of a political party? Do you mean the men who are most excellent politicians but who are very often bad Labour representa- tives? Did these men represent you in the time of the Boer War? ('No.') Every man was against you and against the war, and would have lost the confidence of our Colonies rather than continue the war. Did they represent you in regard to Home Rule? They represent some, no doubt. Did they represent you when the Compensation Act was before Parliament? ('No.') Can any of you tell me of any one of them who gave me any assistance?" _

Mr. Henderson's comment on the above is as follows: "One of our members at Preston has written, calling my attention to the latter part of this statement, which has reference to the attitude of the Labour Member towards the Workmen's Compensation Act, 1897, when I before Parliament. My correspondent very properly I considered tile point of vital interest to working men. i He has invited my opinion upon it, and though I fail to I see why I should defend the conduct of representatives of Labour seven years before I entered Parliament, I will endeavour to put my correspondent and our members in possession of the facts. Mr. Chamberlain asked his St. Helens' audience if they could name one Labour Member who gave any assistance on the Compensation Bill. From the oflicial I report I find that Messrs. Broadhurst, Burt, Woods, and Fenwick supported the second reading by speeches. True the Labour Members supported amendments having for their object the securing of compensation for injury to , health, for preventing contracting out, for bringing under the scope of the Bill agricultural labourers and shop assistants, for securing compensation when acci- dents began instead of after the first fortnight. Hal they not supported such amendments, in our judgment, they would have neglected the workers' interests. It is easy for party politicians to indulge in cheap sneers and play to the gallery by making statements without due regard to the facts and which are often out of harmony with their own previous declarations. In the present instance we have only to ask our readers to note the following extracts from speeches made by Mr. Chamberlain, which go to show how easy it is to im- pose upon the credulity of the people for the purpose of making a little party capital. St. Helens, 1905. Birmingham, 1900. Yorkshire Post, June sth. "The Times " October Ist. " Did they represent you "I willingly admit the when the Compensation Act assistance given to me by was before Parliament? Can Mr. Abraham (`Sfabon '), any of you tell me of any and I think by Mr. Woods one ny o mu and perhaps others, whom v I do not remember at the assistancef thern present time.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Warrington on Saturday secured a much needed two points in the South West Lancashire League table. Their opponents were St. Helens Rees and the match had one of those sporting finishes which if they occurred more frequently would make cricket the most attractive of games from the point of view of the spectator.

St. Helens batted first and recorded 70 runs. War- rington's task being apparently an easy one. It is with confidence that Hawtin and Podrnore opened the home innings but disaster followed disaster in rapid succes- sion and eight wickets were down for 33 runs. At this stage Hampson joined Thomrson and a determined stand was made. Both bat3mea played carefully and the rate of run getting was slow.

The arrears were steadily wiped off when at 86 Thomp- son had t, retire to the pavilion having scored 18 CLUB. The value of his innings cannot be over estimated, He went in at a very critical period and by careful play altogether altered the complexion of the game. When he departed the spectators did not know what to expect as the remaining player Bennett, is more successful as a bowler than a wielder of the willow.

Hampson was pretty well " set " and as Bennett approached the wicket Warrington's " stamper " by signs impressed upon him the necessity of his end up. Bennett disregarded the injunction and the first ball which he received shaved his wickets. Hampson then entertained the attack and the score was carried to 69 when Bennett was called upon to face Gregory's deliveries. He stonewalled the opening balls but one rising a little was apparently tipped by him into the hands of a helder behind the wicket. A confident appeal was made and before the umpire conld give his decision Bennett was departing for the pavilion. To the surprise of all the batsman was ruled not-out and Hampson immediately afterwards made the winning hit , the innings closing for 77.

In the bowling line Podraore was the most prominent taking 5 wickets for 17 runs. The remaining batsmen fell to Mason who has 28 runs scored off his deliveries. Mason performed the "hat trick."

As a result of the poor display of hitting the averages of the Warrington batsmen suffered considerably and era:--

Times Most not _ in

. Inns. out. inns. runs. average. E. A. Connor i‘lason J. NV. Bibby l4 1 ... 55* ... 210 ... 15.71 P. B. fisavtin A. Thewlis J. Thompson 'lo 0 41 ... 141 ... 14.10 W. Richardson l5 0 ... 41 ... 205 ... 12'55

Warrington "A "team fared badly at the hands of St. Helens Recs. second contingent. The Recs. were the first to bat, anditotalledl3l. In reply, Warrington scored 98. E. Pierpoint was by far the most successful player. With the ball he took six wickets for 63 runs, and was also top scorer with 33. In extenuation of Warrington's poor performance, it can be urged that they took only nine men.

Sankey Wire Mills vindicated themselves on Satur- day by most thoroughly defeating i\loore and Daresbury The villagers were unable to face the bowling of the brothers Cook, who took, LI. Cook four wickets for six runs and N. Cook five wickets for 16 runs, and were dis- missed for 42. This total was passed by the Wire Mills for the loss of three wickets and the splendid score of 137 was run up. The principal contributors were Wuod- cock (26) and Barnton (21).

Grappenhall and Lostock Gralam had a close fight and were so evenly matched that the game resulted in a tie. Carter stood out prominently, being the top scorer with 12 and taking seven wickets for 13 runs. Grappenhall second eleven were more successful, defeating Lostock second team by nine runs.

Warrington's preservers of the pease'were on Tuesday defeated by the Co-operative coatingeut by two runs, the respective totals being 27 and 29. Holland was top scorer with 12.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

Local representatives of the two great political parties indulged on Saturday in a friendly contest on the bowling green attached to the Conservative Club, the result being the discomforture of the Liberal repte- sentatives, who were no match for their Tory opponents Out of twenty single games played the men from Bewsey-street won only four, while two of their repre- sentatives, J. E. Warren, the captain, and W. Leigh failed to score at all. In the doubles the opposition fared even worse and a total majority of 104 points separated the teams.

The fourth of the series of mains organized by the Warrington and District League was commenced on the Sankey Chapel green on Saturday and concluded on Tuesday. Close and exciting contests were the order throughout. The most attractive game was witnessed in the semi-final between A. Gleave and J. Jolley, each a member of the Bull's Head team. Gleave, a young and promising player, opened confidently and ran to 6-3 His opponent then secured the jack and carried the score to 11-6. The parties next peeled at eleven and again at 12 when Gleave won by the odd point. in the final, Gleave had an easy victory over J. Roberts of Fe arnhead game.

To-day the Leine fixtures will be resumed. An in- teresting struggle is promise I between the Horse and Jockey and Chapel House temns and the od,ls are in favour of a victory for the Zrst-narned club who operate on their own green. The Cemetery men visit Penketh Park and are expecting to claim the honours of the encounter.

The position of the dubs up-to-date are:— t. W. L. D. For. Agst. Pts. Bells Head 9 . 8 1 0 .1494 —1065 ... 16 Fearnhead lO.. 6 4 . 0 .1293 -.1298 ... 12 Sankey 9 . 5 3 . 0 .1269 -.1039 ... 10 Horse &Jockey 9 ... 4 ... 5 ... 0 ...1271 —1239 ... 8 Cemetery 7 0 5 . ,0 940 ...1052 4 Penketh ...... ... 0 ... 8 ... 0 ... 967 ...1343 0

Cycling.

- _ The picturesque resort of Outten Park was the destination of the Warrington Cycling Club on Saturday and the weather being fine, though dull, there was a large turnout. The couuter-attraction of Acton Bridge proved too strong for the majority of the members and quite a large contingent stayed there for the afternoon. The faithful few, however, competed the fall journey and were amply compensated for the exertion, the ride through Delamere Forest being delightful.

On Tuesday a dozen members turned out for the run to Grimsditch via Daresbury and spent a very enjoyable evening. On Wednesday evening the final for the silver cup was held on the Sankey Chapel House bowling green. Some 40 members assembled and exciting con- tests ensued. The cup was won by Mr. J. Redfern, tho other prize winners being Mr. Melton and Mr. W. Whittle. The remainder of the evening was upent in a convivial manner. During the proceedings Mr. W. H. Bellian presented the cup and prizes in connection with the main.

Football. iNtany Warrington people seem to be a little in the dark as to the operation of the recently inaugurated Northern Union League rules. The principle is similar to that which regulates County cricket, the champion- ship resting with the club which has the greatest percentage of matches won. All the matches are either League or Cup contests, so that there will probably be just the same keen competition. The main difference in the constitution of the League is that all the clubs do not play one another, but have fixture lists arranged to suit their own convenience, with a minimum, how- ever, of ten home and home engagements with clubs which were recognised last season as first class.

1 The Warrington men had their first practice on Wed- nesday evening before a good crowd. A match was played between mixed teams, the first team forwards playing before the A " team backs and vice versa. Among the prominent players engaged were Hallam, Isherwood, Dickinson, Fish, Kenyon, R. Bite and Brookes. There was a tight game, Fish securing the , only try. He has done a fair amount of running daring the close season, and though heavier he showed surpris- ing pace on Wednesday evening.

The Widnes football team commence practice this Saturday, when it is anticipated that there will be a full turn out of players. The players have agreed to accept the same wages as was paid them last season for the first month of the coming season. Afterwards the rate of pay will depend largely on the financial outlook.

A young heifer broke loose in the Bradford Corpora' tion slaughterhouse on Monday and bolted with eight yards of chain fastened to its.ne9k. .James B.ooth got his legs entangled in the chain in his efforts to recap- ture the animal and was thrown to the ground. He received injuries to his head which resulted in his death a few hours afterwards.

TRUSSES.—The new Water Pad Truss, never get Hard.—The new Washable Waterproof Trusses always clean, coo: and comfortable.—The Triangular Fluid Pad Truss is effectual in most difficult cases, Trusses of every known description.—WillTE & WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument and Artificial Limb Makers, 38, Renshaw st. Liverpool. (Advt 2.)

===== 0002601_19050819_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
A DISASTROUS COLLISION.

County Court Action at Warrington.

A case of considerable interest was heard by his Honour Judge Bowen Rowlands, K.C., at the Warrington County Court on Thursday. The action arose out of al collision which occurred in Chester-road on the 31stl December last between a van driven by a servant of Mr. John Babbitt, baker, Ellesmere-road, Stockton Heath, and a carriage float driven by Mr. Fowles, jun., farmer, Hatton. Mr. Rabbit claimed £5 us. 4d. damages sustained by him, he alleged, through the negli- gence of Mr. Fowles. In reply to this claim Mr, Fowles denied negligence on his part and counter- claimed £lOO damages for personal injuries and loss, the accident being occasioned, he alleged, by the neglig- ence of plaintiff's driver.—Mr. H. Lindon Riley, in- structed by Mr. A. Browne appeared for the plaintiff defendant being represented by Mr. Cuthbert Smith, instructed by Mr. T. S. Steel. Mr. Riley stated that on the 31st December last, a bread van driver by the plaintiff's servant was coin- ing into Warrington from the direction of Chester and the defendant was driving a carriage float in the opposite direction. Plaintiffs driver had neared the end of the road and was driving slowly when defendant drove from behind a tram car and dashed into him with such force that both ponies were thrown down. The off wheel of the bread van was shattered, almost the whole of the spokes being displaced, and the van greatly damaged. Mr. Rabbit promptly sent in notice of his in- tention of sending in a claim but Mr. Fowles was so seriously injured the proceedings were delayed. Herbert Dickinson, Oliver street, driver of the bread van, described the accident. Defendant he said was driving at a furious rate. There was plenty of room for the defendant to have passed had he kept on his right side of the road. In answer to Mr. Smith : He was sitting on the front of his van and held the reigns tight. He was a careful driver and had never run over anyone. His Honour: Has anyone ever run under you?

Witness : Yes, sir. Further cross-examined witness stated that Fowles kept on his right side of the road as far as he possibly could but his pony appeared to bs running away. Mrs. Vanda 'Wood said that on the 31st December she was in her yard in Chester-road, and witnessed the accident. Mr. Fowles was thrown under his horse and badly kicked. The driver of the van could not have done anything to avoid the accident, and was in no way to blame. Joshua Starkey, signalman, employed by the London and North-Western Railway,stated that he was on duty in the Wilderspool signal box when he noticed Mr. Fowles drive past. The horse was very wild and rest- less and took fright at a tramcar and ran away. William Speed, car driver, employed by the Warring- ton Corporation, gave similar evidence and evidence in support was also given by P.C. Cox and the plaintiff. Mr. Cuthbert Smith stated that the defendants story was that Dickinson was driving at a rapid pace and never attempted to pull up in fact the reins were hang- ing loose. He was not looking where he was going and driving along the centre of the road dashed into Mr. Fowles. Moreover according to the plaintiff's witness the collision was the result of a pure accident and he submitted that Mr. Rabbitt therefore had no claim. Not only was there no evidence of negligence against Mr. Fowles but he would produce evidence of negligence on the part of Dickinson. He asked his Honour to non- suit the plaintiff. His Honour declined to do so. After consultation with Mr. Cuthbert Smith, Mr. Riley announced that the parties had agreed to with- draw the claim and counter claim with no order as to costs. His Honour pointed out that if the case had been proceeded with and the defendant had failed he would have been involved to a great extent in costs. It was a great risk to take and defendant had exercised a wise discretion-

===== 0002601_19050819_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
BIG BOWLING MAIN. ---- DRAW FOR THE WORKS INDIVIDUAL

MERIT COMPETITION.

The draw for first round of the main in connection with the Warrington Works Association was held last night and resulted as below. The entries numbered 180 a considerable increase upon the number who competed last year. The most expert trundlers associated with the works teams have entered and an interesting main is promised. It will commence to-day when about 30 games will be decided J. Smith, C.L.C., 2; T. Hackett, Fletchers, 2. J. Allen, Richmonds', 5' J. Middleton, Corporation, 2. S. Jones, P. and IC., 4 ; D. Wrench, Whitecross, 3. B. Tomlinson, C.LC., 1 ; W. H. Taylor Greenings'. 3. T. Edgington, Crosfields'. 3 ; C. Holden, Rylands', 4. G. Higharn, C.L.C., 1 ; R. Savory Rylands, 4. W. Cottam, Rylands, 4 ; H. Bennett, P. and K. 2. M. Gorman, Richmonds, 5, A. Duckworth, Rylands, 4. ,1 C. Roberts, Stubbs, 3; A. Shaw, Rylands, sc. A. Peters, L. & N, W., 2 ; J. Willett,Crosfields, I. J. Simms, Firth, 6 : H. Atherton, Longford, 3. W. Daintith, Whitecross, 3 ; A. Smart. Naylors,4. T. Jones, Richmonds, 3 ; A. 'Rogers, P. & K., 4. G. Gibson, Richmonds, 4; G. Venables, P. & K., 5. A. Rostern' P. & K., 5; H. Rogers Corporation, 2. W. Taylor,Forshaw, 3; E. Shaw, Fletchers, 1. F. Dooley, Longford, 6; H. Higham, P. & le., 2. J. Finnigan, Richmonds, 4 • G. Shaw, Rylands, 2. WI. H. Thornlev, Rylands, ;T. Bllison, Whitecross,l. A. E. Hands, Corporation, 3 ; P. Cooper, P.& K. 5. P. Hill, P. & K„ 3 ' • A. Darnley, Richmonds; 4. W. Jones, Naylors,4 ; G. Holbrook, Rylands, 2. H. Newton, Rylands, 4; J. Crusharn, P. & K., 4. F. Mills, Whitecross, 5 ; J. Wrench, Rylands, 3. J. Melbourne, Orford, 3 ; J. Monks, Rylands, 2. A. Newry, Corporation, 3; J. Parry Rylands, 4. J. W. Monks. C.L.C., 4; J. Monks. C.L.C., Sc. A. Charnock, Whitecross, 4 ; W. Mee, P. & K.,1. J. Smith, C.L.C., 2; E. Modshaw, Orford, 5. R. Gallop, Richmonds, 4; G.Warburton,Whitecross,3. J. Darntith, Firth,3 ; W. Sinister, Longford, 2. A. Thornley, Rylands, 4; J. Grace, Richtnonds, 5. J. Warburton, Rylands, 3 ; A. Scott, Longford, 2. T. Bridge,Fletchers, 2: T.Elorrabin,L. & N.-W., 1. 3. Clare, Howley, 4; H. Rathbone, Firth, 4 W. Daniels, Rylands, 3; T. Pickering, L. & N.-W.,2 P. Wright, Stubbs, 3 ; J. Bailey, Richmonds, 3. R. Tilling, P.& K., 4; A. Rigby, Richruonds, 4. T. Dale. C.L.C., 4; W. Richardson, Orford, 2. E. Cawley, Naylors, 5 ; J. W. Worsley,P. & K., 1. R. Webster, Whitecross, 3 ; J. Wells, Rylands, 3. W. Dutton, P. and K., H. Williams, P. and K., 1. A. Richardson, Howley, 4 ' • W. Cosgrove, C.L.C., 6. W. Povey, Rylands' 3; J. Laytleld, Rylands', 5. W. Patrick,Greenings', 2; IV. ll.Smalley, Richmonds,s. J. Ashton, Firth, 2 ; E. Bailey, Fletchers', 2. H. Haslarn, Rylands', 3 ; A. Ball, P. and K.. 3. Gleave, Rylands', 4 ' • J. Boardman, P. and K., 3. J. Hewitt, P. and IC., 3 ; P. Smith, Rylands', 3. J. Edlesten, Rylands', 4 ; T. Singleton, Rylands', 4. J. Howarth, Naylors', 3; A. Jolley, Rylands' 3. W. Ashall, Rylands' 2 • 3. Makin,Orford, 4. D. Ferguson, P. and K.:3 ; \V. Pemberton, Richmonds,s. A. W. Powis, Corporation, 4; J. Shaw, jun., White- cross, 3. A. Jordan,Richmonds'' 4; T. Timperley, C.L.C., 5, W. Kenwright, P. and IC., 3 ; H. Fogg, Stubbs',l. W. Floyd, Richmond?, 3 ; A. Lees, Richmonds', 5. W. Jones, Whitecross, 2 ; G. Glover, Rylands'. 2. H. Rogers, Whitecross, 2; .T. Sudlow, Longford, 3. E. Clare, Longford, 1; A, Lockwood, Rylands, 3. J. Reynolds. Corporation, 3 ; J. Middleton, Crosfields'2. W. Joslin, Orford, 4; John Pemberton, Richmonds', 3. P. Ball, P. and K., 2 ; S. Lee, Whitecross, 3. IV. Newns, Corporation, 2 ; E. Scott, C.L.C.. 4. .T. Worsley, P. and K.. 1 ; W. Beardsall, Rylands', 4. J. Whittaker, P. and K., 4; T. Humphreys, Rylands, 4. W. Russell, Whitecross, 3 ; C. Taylor, Rylands', 4. G. H. Anderton, Richmond? 5; NV. Stevenson, White- cross, 2. E. Taylor L. and N.W.,2 ; It. Bennett, Richmonds',4. F. Ball, Fletcher?, 4 ; J. Trevor, Corporation, 2. G. Fairbrother,C.L.C., 4; S. Hackney, Whitecross, 5. A. Wright Rylands', 4 ; T. Wells, Walkers', 1. G. Ball, P. and It., 1 ; P. Wells, Walkers', 2. C. Jordan, C.L.C.,3 ; J. Finnigan, Richmonds', I. T. Davies, Richmonds', 1 •, D. Bromley, C.L.C. 3. W. Berry. Rylands', 4 ; W. Butterworth, Rylands', 3. T. Coombes, P. and K., 3 ; W. Lee, P. and K., 3. C. Littlewood, P. and K.. 2 W. Drury, C.L.C., 4. H. Daintith, Matchers', 1 ; F. Mills, Rvlands', 4. R. Holbrook, P. and K., 4; W. Henshall, P. and K., 4. W. Andrews, Orford, 1 ' • F. Dean, Whitecross, 3. A. Gleave, Whitecross,l ; J. Meakin, Rylands', 4. J. Shaw, Rylands', 1; -Latmore, Whitecross, 3. W. Roughley, Rylands', 2 •, 3. Hewitt, Whitecross, 4. J. N. Fielding, Richmond-c', 5; A. Siddell, White- cross, 3. J. Hardman, P. and K., 1 ; W. Bowering, P. and It., 2. T. Quarrie, Firth. 3 ; T. Pridden, Corporation, 4. J. Massey, jun., Fletcher's, 3; A. E. Burdett, C.L.C.,5.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A.

There was a meeting of this society on Sunday. Mr. Nelson presided and spoke upon "Is it well " a good deal had been said and done to improve and better us dnring the 20th century much had been accomplished in science, art and skill but the great question was " Is it well morally and spiritually ?" Let them all try to imnrove themselves in those respects.Mr.G. Fairbrother of Bolton spoke upon "Life with all its great wonders, the natural animal and spiritual." They stood he said, between the great eternity of the past and the great eternity of the future. Life was theirs, to use well for time and eternity for man and God. Mr. W. H. Wallington sang" The Glory Song "with good effect, the men joining most heartily in the chorus. He also rendered" The crown of Glory "in a pleasing manner. Mr. .1. Owen and M. G. Smiley also took part in the meeting. The Hon. secretary Mr. B. Farrar heartily welcomed one new member. The savings club received 27 depositors. It was announced that prize lists would be ready on Sunday next.

===== 0002601_19050819_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS.

Latest Quotations. -r7,,,,. ~,,,,, BANK RATE 21^'‘.. SETTLING DkY 31sm AUGUST OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this thy. Amount Prices BRITISH FUNDS. £ Consols 21. 100 ...901 21,', Annuities 100 ...911 2!;0,; Annuities 100 ...S0 Nt. War Loan 2T'o Red 1910 lOO .99 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO ...100?: Bank of England Stock lOO .300' India Stock lOO .1052 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian lOO —ll2l. Glasgow ‘4.-.; S.-W. Prof. ord. lOO ...601 Great Central Deferred lOO _l6l Great Central Preferred lOO .301 Great Eastern 100 .814 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...341 Great Western lOO .1361 Lancashire und Yorkshire lOO .105', London, Brighton & South Coast 100 —l34' London, Chatham and Dover 100 .151 London 9nd North-Western lOO 152 London and South-Western lOO .1581 ad,. Metropolitan lOO .91 Midland Def. Convd. Ord 100 .641 Do. Prof. Convd. Ord 100 .691 North Britigh lOO .45A North Eastern Consols lOO .135 ad.. North Staffordshire lOO .951 xd.. South Eastern 100 .86 ad. COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific 100 .1641 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO ...231 Do. Guaranteed lOO .1021 I Do. Ist Pref. lOO .1171 Do. 2nd Pref 100 _lO4l I Do. 3rd Pref lOO .55 BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 36 Lancashire and Yorkshire lO .34 London and County 20 .97 aril. London and Westminster 90 541 Manchester and County l7 59 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...50. Parrs 90 .85 Union of London l5l ...30 Union of Manchester ll .25 Williams Deacons 8 .232 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Greeton S';,, Cum. Prof. lOO —llOl Bell and Co. Ord lO .121 Bents Brewery Ord, lO ..6:7; ad. Boddington' Ord 10 91 Chester's Ord lO .11 Groves & Whitnal 5'4 Cam. Pref 10 ...71 Guinness (A.) Son 6: Co, Ord. lOO ...530 __ . _ .

I

Manchester Ord. lO ...21 Parker's Burslern Ord. 10 ...14 id.• Spriugwell Ord 10 —8 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. l9 -.47 Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 _lO2 TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONES. Anglo American Telegraph Ord —lOO ...60 Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6%, lOO _lO9l do. Def. Ord. lOB ...107 do. Ist Pref. 61 lO ...13 do. 2nd Pref. Minimum 6% lO ...12.1 Nat. relephone 31% Deb. Stock lOO ...100 TRAMWAYS. Blackpool & Fleetw'd Tramroad lO ...131 • British Electric Traction Ord. lO ...” Man. Carriage and Tramways A 7-1 -.5.4 do. do. B 5 ...2'„! do. db. C 32 ...2.1 Southport Tramways 5 ...3 INDUSTRIALS, &o Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Cum. Pref. 1 ...13!6 Bleachers Asso. 51 Cum. Prof. 1 _2l/3 Boy. Ord. (7% Cain.) 1 ...21/0 xd.. Bradford Dyers Ord 1 ...24/9 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Pref. 1 —2l/9 British Insulated and Helsby, o Cables Ord British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Cum. Prof 5 ...5; Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ordl. ...64 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7:', Pref. lO ...17; Buxton Lime Firms lO ...5 Calico Printers Ordinary 1 _lO/71 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 18/0 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 ...54 Crosfleld (J.) & Sons, 5% Gum A Pro. Prof. 10 ...101- Crostields, 41% Ist Mortgage Trred. Deb. lOO ...98 Crosfield, 41% 'A' Deben lOO ...98 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 _l3/3 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO ...84 do. do. do. do. B 8 ...6) Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ord]. ...38/3 Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO ...123 47',, Dehs. Red. 100 -.991 Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 —3279 act Lever Brothers, 5% Cam. Prof. 10 _l2} Lipton Ordinary 1 —2O/3 Meldrum Bros., 5i% Prof. 1 ...19/0 ..; Mond Nickel CO.. Ltd., Ord. 1 . 1,,.! , do. do 7% Cum. Prof. 5 ...6" , Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum , Pref. . . Nantyglo & Blaina 8% Prof. Pearson & Knowles, Ord 562 i .....48() '' 5 ...31 do. do. 6% Cum. Pref 5 ...61 Public Benefit Boot 6% Cum. Pref.s _s+ ^ Perrins Ltd. Ord. 1 -1/6 - Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord 1 ...36/6 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Cum. Prof. ' 5 Salt Union Ordinary 4 ...11/8 .', United Alkali Ordinary lO .37/3 • do. do. 7% Cum. Prof 10 ...10 ^ do. do. Deb. lOO ...10S -•, Vulcan Foundry 1 ...24/0 Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd ..... 7l ...611,T xd. t, do. do. do. do. do 10 ...811„ xd. Warrington Land & Property Co , Ltd. Ord. 1 ...19f0-2 do. do. do. B Shares 7 —6l-7 Warrington & District , Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/0 ...17/6 SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO . .26/0 do. do. do. Perpl. 5% Pref 10 ...38/0 MINES. 13arnato Consolidated 1 _37/6 British South Africa (Char) 1 ...35/3 Charter Trust and Agency 1 ...15/3 Cons. Goldfield of S.A. 1 ...6 East Rand Proprietary 1 ...71 Hendersons Johannesburg'Consolidated 1 .. 39/6 Kaffirs Consolidated 1 ...16/6 Oceanas 1 ...2916 Rand Mines 5/. _B'4 xd. Randfonteins 1 ...47/0 Rhedesia Exploration 1 -27, Tanganyika 1 ...41 Transvaal Estates 1 -24/0 The above list and prices have been compiled 131., Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Share- brokers, 13ewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

I

TERRORS OF THE TRAIN. If ever I go to a dinner, or to a reception, or to a theatre (writes Mr. Peter Keary in "Pearson's Weekly my whole enjoyment is spoilt becausel know that wheKt we are coming out, and the crush comes, lam going t° step on some lady's dress and rip the thing to bother" ation, and be called a "stupid brute," and feel like eneci That upsets a sensative nature like mine. I apologies are are useless. The offer of safety pins, whic took to carrying, I abandoned when one lady told In° that for two ordinary or common or garden pins ell would box my ears. I have stayed at home lately, aU lam getting rather tired of it. I want to go out agao' and I must. Staying indoors this hot weather is °pre' sive and enervating. I have a garden party, a wedding and one or two theatres I should like very much tc! attend. For the next few weeks, therefore, I shoeld,. be extremely obliged to my lady readers if, in the event of their wearing a train dress (I think that is the riglif description), they would bunch it up and general!)'Pu it together when they are walking. • oft Because I may be there. I may be following behind. I am sorry to put ladies to this trouble and ine.,°ft venieuce on my behalf. I know that the train is lui9 training that I may admire it, and that the girl wh. ° it with me may envy it. But, honestly, I don't adintre,,d one little bit. I am fidgeting to two-step time,u-ra watching the toes of my shoes and nothing else. feeling like an amateur dancing master. Jam 10011911 for the weak threads and wondering where the riP Wbe be. And lam wondering also whether it wouldnlin; better to turn back and sit down and have a eet"

drink until the crushl;O-v-ei:

Death. CRITCHLEY.—On the 13th inst at Bright side, Fo'.`r„. head, John Critehley, aged GI years, interred Warri ton Cemetery on Wednesday afternoon at 2.30 P•ra'

Warringtom.—Printed and publshed by Joni/ WA.,,t1C,.1011, SC CO., at The Examiner General Printing "f:nle Bewsey-street, and published by them at the °-_,(0:1 place, and also at The Examiner Offices, VictorieV".. WIDNES: 32, George-street, ST. HELENS: 3, IVI3r5:0; street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street RlJscoP:4, 19th. 1901.

===== 0002601_19050819_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD STREET W ILSLEYAN WATIRINGTON. TO-MORROw (SUNDAY) AUIUST 20TH. At 10.30 Rev. J. MANNING. At 0 Hr. G. DAVEY-SMITH. All welcome. Hymn Hooks provlaed,

THE GRANDEST FETE IN GREAT BRITAIN, SHREWSBURY GREAT 17 LORAL FETE WEDNESDAY & THURSDAY, AUGUST 23En & 24TH, 1955. THE MOST MAGNIFICENT FLOWER SHOW lIVEE HELD In the UNITED KINGDOM. OVER £1,260 IN PRI2 Eo. 3,050 Entries, staged In 10 Monstre Marquees. rir KIND rsamtssiom THE MAGNIFICENT FULL REGIMENTAL BAND OF H.M. COLDSTREAM. GUARDS, EIGCMTWO PERFORMERS (for the first time at any Fete), and the Magnificent BAND of H.M. ROYAL ENGINREV, FIFTY PERFORMERS. COMBINED BANDS, 112 PERFORMERS EACH DAY. GRAND MILITARY TATTOO EACH EVENING, 250 PERFORMERS. WE GRANDEST FIERIE S OF SENSATIONAL PERFLIR MANCES „,shl Europe, all especially engaged tor this FETE ONLY. SEPARATE PERFORMANNS3 BY THE GREATEST ARTISTES OF THE DAY. j/011ELE BALLOON ASCENTS. CAPTIVE BALLOoN, tO 1,00) feet, by fipencer BrotLers, Aeronau's to Crystal ralace. ItORSE LEAPING COMPETITION £lOO IN PRIZES. „„ y!'"Enltlcent Prunenade by the River Severn. Alectric g•onches mad Pleasure Boats on the Severn from the Fete `Tnround, & 501,41,3 NutrinIFICHNT FIREWORK DISPLAY, EXQURSION TRAINS FROM YRESTON w MAN, wARRINGTON. AND ALL PARTS. : Wednesday. One o'clock, 2s. Ed, • after rive, ls • Thur sda all day trom Eleven, ONE SHICLING ONLY." H. W. ADNITT. k Hon. The Square, Shrewsbury. W. W. NA.UNTON, J Sees.

NAME PLATES IN GLASS, BRASS, METAL WOOD, MOTOR NUMBERS. BAXEND&LES, MILLER ST., MANCHESTER.

jOsEpa & SONS LIMITED, " A " DEBENTURE STOCK. • The TRANSFER BOOK 3 of this Corimmy relative to " Issue Will be CLOSED from AUGUST 17th to 31st (both clays 12!clusive) for the purpose M preparing and issuiug Dividend Warrants due Sept. Ist, 1905. J. R. WARDLE, Semetaty. Dated Wareington, August 15th. 19:5.

ALLAN LIN E. —lO CANADA, UNITED SIATtS, RIVER PLATE. AND INDIA. SAILINOR FROM LIVERPOOL. SICILY St. John's N.F. lc Halifax /leg. 22 VARIAN Quebec and Montreal Aug. 24 VIRGTNIAN ......... Quebec and Montreal Aug. 31 13‘4erior aocomrnodstion for Ist, 2nd and 3rd classes. Spools through rates to all points.

DIARRHOEA. Ift.ouso THE LAST HALF-CENTURY EVERY- "R TRAVELLING IN HOT CLIMES HAS MADE A POINT OF CARRYING SOME DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. BO AS TO BE IN A POSITION TO IMMEDIATELY STOP AN ATTACK OF DIARRHOEA, DYSENTERY. oft CHOLERA. Hot weather in the British Isles strikes suddenly. Slid everyone shotild take A little precaution. Don't wait till you actually need the ChlorodYna ; 904 Might be dtiven to sending a careless messenger for the medicine you require, who might ao.lept a Substitute. YOU WANT D. j. COLLIS BROwNWS • CHLOBODYNF: = \:e4l• .2" lt 4;44* -

HACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS FATIIIiy ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW fiCIEbaDrIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, At and appearance. Every set Kuaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20s. GOLD INLAY 40s. MACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 83, CHURCH-ST, AT WARY...LOSES, DRAPER, Ho:mem 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WED/Ma/U.l to 730 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURC H ;ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 1..111. TO 8 pow MANCHESTER, 29, , PICCADILia ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 L.M. TO 8 P.Y.

LEGH HOUSE STUDIO, WARRINGTON. MR. BIRTLES BEGS TO INFORM HIS CLIENTS THAT THE NEW PRBMISIsS FOR HIGH-CLASS PHOTOGRAPHY ARE NOW OPEN. Tame PREMISES BEING SPECIALLY DESIGNED FOR THE PRO- DUCTION OF PHOTOGRAPHY IN ITS HIGHER BRANCHES, WILL BE FOUND EQUAL TO ANY HOUSE IN THE KINGDOM.

• kxuINNESSB DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTBR ALBS 4LL3OPP'I3 MILD awn BITTHR ALBS. WHHATLHY'S MOP BITTIllib • WHHATLIIT'S EMMA BEHR. To be had in CASK or BOTTLBS from B. CUNNINGHAM' WIEWIOX ROAD, WAIIIIIIBIO/1. Also Manufacturer of EMI, CLASS LIIERRAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Battles. Telephone No. 179. BTORHS. frovif fi STRBIIT.

W. HODGKINSON, LIMIT ED CLEARANC 3 SALE. BARGAINS IN HIGH-CLASS DRAPBBY, FURNITURB AND FANCY GOODS. -- 43RIDGE STREET, WARRING TON.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTII l TAILS OF ) FROM HAM FRAMES, PURR FROM 3/8 zeal. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LURCH ST (OAR STATION). LIVIIRPOOL.

TRH CORPORATION OF WARRINOTON is pre- -L pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to he made to the BOROUGH Tim/swum Municipal Offices, Warrlnuton.

DANCINGL—THE MISSES PARTINGTON Will resume their DANCING CLASS on WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 4th at the Winmarleigh Café, Sankey-street, from 5 to 7 p.m.

GOOD-BYE TO THE DKNIIST ! NO MultiS ToOTHAOHE OR EXTRACTION t PAXOL (sse AN FMINENT FRYSICIAN) " instantly et the most desperate case of toothache and mass eztrastion." QUITR hIAGICAL—WkiLL WORTH A StLILLINO A DROP. SEND Is. 3. TO PAXOL CO., DUFFIRLD, DRELBY.

EXPERIENCEU Male and female NURSES at a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply rquasEs INITITtr, TON, Hope House. Hope et., Liverpool. Telephone 2570, Royal. Telegraphic., .ddress, Nurses '

B. ADSWORTH, BOLS AOHNT FOR TRH WORLD-FAMED PIANOS or JOHN BROADWOOD 8: SONS. ADDRESB : 59, SANKEY-ST„ WARRINGTON

HA.RGRAVES TOBACCOS. \ BSTIZI. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 71 TRANS. HARGRAVES' CIGAEBTTES,./ MANUFACTORY: CwAN-RFRRRT. MANOHRsI`FR.

dbl Olin SUDLOW'S " OLu HOY'S" TuRACuu. COOL AND LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE; 11. 7D. PER LB. TIN; 6s, PER LB T. OUDLOW & GO., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 414 Y. FRANK STRINGER & 104, WILDERSPOOL ROAD. WARRINGTON. PURE WHOLESOME BREAD AND CONFECTIONERY. ONLY THE CHOICEST MATERIALS USED. DECORATED CAKES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. BD., EACH. wifoLzaLLE Br J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. INTABLIMED 1833.

DR. _LUNN'S TOURS AND CRUISES. SWISS TOURS .£5 59. INCLUDING A WEEK'S ACCOMMODATION AT LOVELY LUCERNE. S. Y. ARGONAUT.—Mon ATTRACTIVE. 14 DAYS' CRUISES TO NORWAY, &C. FOB COMPLETE PROGRAMME AND ILL INFORMATION APPLY To PITT AND SCOTT, LTD., S. Rvonoßoss STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SYMON'S k.)IDER, MADE FROM RIPS APPLES, THE BIM FOE BOTTLING AND DRAUGHT, Is BEFNESHING AND DELICIOtTN. OBTAINABLE AT ALL THE BEST WINE MERCHANTS, OR OF JOHN SYMONS AND CO., LTD., FRUIT MILLS, TOTNES, DEVON, AND RATOLIFF, LONDON,

4.4 A PPEARINCES ARE NOT EVERYTHING:, .CI.. "'There's many a good heart under a Bagged Coat.' Although I hays only a small workshop and not situated on a main thoroughfare lam able to do any job whatever In the cycle line and guarantee to give entire satilf•.ction in p omPt nese, quality and price. I can make you a new cycle any puce or I can repair your cycle cheaply and well, try a small job.—CANNIILL, HEMETH ST., Off Liverpool rd., Sankey Bridges, Warrington. Cars stop opposite the street

UT IDNES AND ERRUINDTGOERN TRANSPORTER The Directors of the above Company have deemed it desirable to STOP THR WORKING OF THE BRIDGE fore short period in order that certain alterations and improve- ments to the trolley may be carried out. Due notice of the re-opening will be given to the public. COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— BDUOATION COMMITTER. SECONDARY DAY SCHOOL AND TECHNICAL INSI ITU TE. The above named Committee invite applications for the following appointment, viz. : ASSISTANT MASTER FOR ENGINEERING AND MATHEMATICS. Salary £1.40 per annum. increasing accotding to the Com- mittee's scale. Farther particulars and forms of application. the latter of which must be returacd to the undersigned not later than August 25th, an be obtaine,l from J. MOURB MURRAY. Education Office. Warrington August 2nd, 1905.

CE6HIKR.—WINCH AM HALL, Lostock Gralam. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GI itLS. Large Mansion and Playing Fields. Excellent Resident Staff. Great successes recent Examinations. 60 Certificates gained last Term. AUTUMN TIMM begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references. views, from Miss PARKES, Principal.

MR, ERNES/ WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church, PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTHR- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELT-LANB Woirrinizton.

4iIOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. Scarisbrick k." New-road. One of the LAROBST PRIVATB SCHOOLS In the North of Englane.. Staff includes a ILA. a B.Sc., and an Offieler d' Academic etc. Languages, Science and Commercial subjects at inclusive fees. CAPT. J. O. UNDKRWOOD, A.C.P., P.H.G.S.. Head Master.

WARRINGTON UNION . —TENDERS FOR CONTRACTS.—The GUARDIANS ol the WAR- RINGTON UNION Invite TENDERS for the supply of the undermentioned. to be delivered free of expense at tie Work- house, and at the Cottage Hornet, Padgett,. at such times and in such quantities as may from time to time be ordered. Twelve Months, Milk ; Six Months, Clogs. Shoes and Slippers, Coffins. Brooms and Brushes, Leather Goods, Drapery, Tailors Goods, Groceries, Butchers Meat, Officers Joints, Flour and Oatmeal, Fish and Ice. Bread for Cottage Hones, Wines and Spirits, Sweeping Chimneys, and Male Officers' Uniforms ; Three Months (pending a contemplated changed method of delivery). Coal and Slack for the Work- house, Six Months for Padgate Cottage Homes ; the Tenders for fuel must specify the pit sod stens from which it will be supplied. Retch Contractor must be prepared to enter (if required) into security for the due performance of contract. Forms of Tender and instructions to persons tendering (which must be strictly complied with) and all other parti- cuter' may be obtained from the Master at the Workhouse and from the Superintendent at the Cottage Homes respectively. The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. All Contract accounts will be paid quarterly. Seeled tenders duly endorsed must reach me at my office not later than Tuesday, September oth, at 4 p.m. By Order, J. C. SUITOR, Bewsey Chambers, Clerk to the Guardians* Warrington August 9th, 1905.

111011 SCHOOL, 23, WILSON-PATTEN STREET, WARRINGTON.—THE MISSI3 PARTINGTON (Cer- tificated Oxford Higher Local, Trinity College. London, etc.) Preparations for Examinations optional ; 30 successes during one vear.—NRXT TIMM WILL COMMEND& TUESDAY, SIIPTIAIBBH 19th, 1905. Prospectuses. testimonials. etc., on application,

MAN CHESTS ft GRAS' MAR SCHOOL. FEE, £4 43. FRB THEIR. N.B.—Boys entering over 14 years of age pay £5 51. per term, THB NEXT Tbllo.l nualris TIJKSDAY. SblPf. 19Ta. Entrance Examination. MONDAY, SHPT. 18th, at 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES. forms of application, ecc., may be had at the school. The boarding house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. The Art School Evening Classes re-open on Monday. September 25th. A class for ladles and teachers is also held on Saturday mornings. OWEN W. COX. Receiver.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL —THE NEXT THR3I WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY. faKPTEMBEE 10Tw. The HEAD MASTER will be a the SohJol t 3 Inter- view parents on WRDNESDVY. SSPEHMBHH 130, from 11 to 1 and 3 to 5. NEW PHYSIO3 AND CHEMICAL LABORATORIES, LECTURE BOOM, &c. PREPARATORY FORM for boys from 8 to 12 years of age PROSPECTUS AND SCHOOL LIST ow APPLICATION.

FLEACH, 24 AND 26, FHU DEHILL, • MANCHESTER, MARES A. SPECIALITY OP FLOOR-COVERING, HIGH-CLASS CARPETS BT ALL THE BEST POSSIBLE MIXERS, MADE TO PLAN OR SQUARE. COEK CARPETS, LINOLEUMS, INLAIDS, OILCLOTHS, ETC. EXPERIENCED PLANNERS ANS FITTERS ANT DISTANCE.

NIES. THOS. CLARKE WILL CARRY ON THE BUSINESS OF STATIONER AND NEWSADENT AT THE "MIMES " OFFICE, 33, MARKET STIIIIET, EARLESTOWN,

FOR MOM THAN TWItIiTY YRAUS THOUbAND.i LADIES HAVH DHRIVED GRRAT BRNIIFIT I'ILOOI DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVH 131IHN UNIVBRSALLY ADMITTRD TO BR A BOON TO WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Almada, Giddiness, Fulness and Bwelling after Meals. Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility. Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 90.. Is. lid.. 2s. 9d.. 4s. 6d. and its. May be had from all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the proprietors. Only Addres 609, POBTOMILLO-HOAD, NOTTING HILLS LONDON.

WARRINGTON CAFES LIMITED. THE 'KING'S CAFE, BRIDGE-STREET, NOW OPEN. LUNCHEONS, DINNERS, TEAS, &c. SMOKE ROOM, LUXURIANTLY FURNISHED AND FiT TED UP. ELABORATE DECOR ATION& ELECTRIC LIGHT. HIGH CLASS CONFECTIONERY.

SOMETHING WORTH KNOWING. SOMETHING WORTH KNOWING. "THE HERALD" KITCHEN RANGES. "THE PEVERIL " FIRE GRATES. SOLE AGENT: J. S. GARLAND, FURNISHING AND BUILDERS IRONMONGER, 51, 53 & 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

HOLIDAY, BUSINESS, AND MOURNING SUM DIRECT FROM OUR OWN WORKS, THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIALITIES IN JUVENILES', YOUTHS', & MEN'S SUITS. STYLE AND VALUE UNSURPASSED.

, !SUMMER CLEARANCE SALE MONDAY NEXT AND FOLLOWING DAYS. SURPLUS SUMMER STOCK MARKED AT ONE-THIRD AND ONE-FOURTH REGULAR PRICES. GENUINE BARGAINS IN . EVERY DEPARTMENT. FIRST DISPLAY OF AUTUMN NOVELTIES AT POPULAR PRICES;

HENRY MILES & COMPANY, CHURCH ST. St WILLIAMSON ST., LIVERPOOL

SMITH & WALKER (LATE HOLMES AND BOOTH), MARKET-GATE, WARRINGTON, TAILORS AND BREECHES MAKERS, ARE NOW SHOWING NEW AND EXCLUSIVE CLOTHS FOR THE SUMMER SEASON. LIVERIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. TELIIPHONE 382 Y

LAST WEEK OF SALE, J. & W. DUTTON ARE ARMING FURTHER AND FINAL REDUCTIONS TO EFFECT A CLEARANCE. 16, i 8 & 20 SANKEY ST. WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISH& 1838. RIGLIARD JEFFREYS, BOLD-STREET, LIVERI'COL, PEAlitts MAHER AND PRINT BELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures. suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, etc. Terms Moderate. A NUM COLLECTION OF PRO XOGEAPES tor Orystolaum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF GOLD ENRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. ALL THE NEWEST DESIGNS FOR THE SEASON. SPLENDID SELECTION OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S GOODS IN BROWN AND BLACK t/LACE KID. GREAT VARIETY IN BOOTS AND SHOES FOR CYCLING, CRICKET, TENNIS, &C. UNDER THE CLOCK.

Down As.—lower View BOAUDING TABIASH- MENT, At. Loch Promenade ; splendidly situated ; mag- nificent view of by and headlands ; terms mod.—ContATT. TIOITGLAS.—C ti AL SIEK Yot k LISHIMINT, Castle Terrace, Central promenade, Trams pass from steamers, frirst-class table. Terms from ss. 6d. per clap. Centred end beet positlen on front.

POEIRUSH (for 11.11'8 CAUSHWAY).—CIoIf jink boating, fishing, Lathing. Seaside, North Ireland ; dry, bracing atmosphere ; atisntia breezes ; rooms, genies., meals, 355. to 425, a week inclusive.—THE VVHITZ HOUSE ROTEIS. POrtrnBh, co. Antrim. Write for Hook I t.

I.PARMBIIh' ARMS H OTRL, PA (MATH —PICNIC jr ?Alain and CYCLISTS CATBRBD FOR. Good Billiard Boom. large and small table. Good Bowling Green. Trains leave Central Station tor Paclgate afternoons at 12.18, 1 41, 2.5, 3.55, 4.58, 5.33. 6.5, 7.10 Plenty of suitable trains for returning. —Joe. nO/3KRTB. Proprietor.

DLACKPOOL.-BROOKLANDS BOARDINO ESTABLISH- 1, MlNT,l2,Tyldesley Terrace,Promenade. All windows overlook sea, three Piers; S.W. aspect. Drawing. Dining, Writing, Smoke rooms. re-furnished ; excellent cuisine ; terms moderate inclusive. Tel. 0194. Telegraphic " Brook- lands, Blackno,d ' —H. Wremstarr. Proprielrr.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 110 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 A 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET C ENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

A BIM YSTWITH. - THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most comfortable Family Hotels In Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 21 guineas per week, or 9s. per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from 6s. Table d'Hote at 6.5.1 o'clock For TARIM &c., apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

SuUIEIPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38 CLIAPEL-TREET. ES fIMATES GIVEN, CHoni PARTIEN, PICNICS &C.. TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEoT ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

IILTEAR Golf Llnlie.—Slttlng end Two Bedr•ocus : good ii cooking.—Refer Tints, High lane, via Stookport. DLACKPOOL.—PubIie and Private AP&RTMIIPTS ; ,'no.-1141*. PLIMMFR Hada! House, 73, Read's rci

COLWYN BAY.—APARTSIHNTS with or without baard ; near lea.—Mrs. JENKLIcI, Wilfbolme. 38,ErskIne rd. TUSWATBR, Lake District. —LODGINGS Ws. weekly; board If required --BRACKEN. Lockbrldge,Tl rrll,Penrith

LicairooL. —A borne from home; public and privet AP&RMEIS; central ; three minutes' walk sea.— Mrs. LATOOCK, Osborne tious e. High st. LONDON.—Private Holiday APARTIMINTS for Working People —Mrs. WHAT. S Breoknook road, Camden- road. near King's Cross. References if desired.

MATLUCIK BT—Superior eu,intry Ae.Art MONT • Small t, wily. Bath ~nd every converaleuoe. Attend• anon. Terme moderate.—Mrs. AIM. Lea Wood.

BLACKPOOL-APARTMT9 : Bath, piano; sea and promenade 2 min. ; bed and attendance for two persons, 28.—Mrs. A. BROADEIUItaT, Harpurn,y House, 33, Lonadisle rd., South Shore.

M°UFA NhVlN.—Well furnished FAIINsHOUSIL two sitting. six bedrooms ; August, ;septets:, bcr ; sate btthi ng ; golf. sea, and mountam ait . —airs. Jorma , Grainufryn.

LAKS DISIRIOI.-00.1.fortable .11eAR taloNrn for August and'.:eptember. Sitting and bedrooms. Term. moderate. Piano. Mrs. HODGSON. 'Carols House, Words- worth at.. Keswick.

PARTMECOTd To LLANWlL3T.—Beauthully Asituated in Vale of Conway. Comfortable home. Terms moderat e. Two minute. from stacbu.—M. J. HUGH FEI, 4, Carringt DU terrace.

lOMFOILTAI3LII APii.IiTSIhNTS with or without board ; N,..) fishing ; near sta. Ion; post ; beautiful mountain scenery; terms moderate. —Mk-11011N KENNALTGL Ballabinua Notion. Forriale ViKtertall.

Ii OLJIS ln Wales, Furnished and Untarnlsned 11 Businesses, do. LisnArindoil Wells, Bulicta Wells Mld Wa and Borderlencl,—Partioulars, G. GRIFFITHS Standard ' Agency. Llandrinand Wells.

BLACKPOOL.—tdra. /Clear Derwent House 61. Alber; Road, Supetior Ati!.a.ltTailiNTS redecorated tLoughout with or with, ut board; Splendid Position within one minute Centrist Station, promenade and all amusements.

QOUTPPOIitT„—The Osborne. 20, Promenade ; nuperior APAIITedBifT:. board if required; finest possible. close to all amusements, and Railway btatlon ; ',fano, bath. w.e, every floor; beds from 2.1. 6d. per night —Mrs. MARSHALL.

We are pleased to announce to our friends and customers that we have completed arrangements with Lucios of New York, Ltd., for the exclusive sale of their goods in this city. LIMOS Scientific oar are positively the finest imitation diamonds ever manufactured or discovered. They have steadily grown in popularity since their first introduction in America three years ago. They are not a fad, and have stood the test of actual wear. The stones are warranted to retain their brilliancy for ever. This display, when complete, will be the most magnificent display of semi-precious stones ever shown in this or any other city. The designs are exact copies of the latest popular New York and Parisian fancies, some costing originally hundreds of pounds. The goods we show are finished with the same exquisite care that characterises the most expensive jewellery from exclusive manufacturers of real diamond mountings. E ,sow E Lucios Scientifv, ttiSMOTA::, are worn and admired by the most fashionable people the world over, and to meet the demand, Lucios of New York, Ltd., have stores in all the principal cities of America, and will shortly establish Agencies or Branches in all the larger cities of Europe. The sale of these famous stones now amount to over one million pounds annually. We cordially invite our Patrons to call and see this magnificent window display, and examine these popular goods. • >, • , to A • tit WAR 11: I N TN.

Second Division. LOSTOCK GRALAM V. GRAPPENHALL.—PIayed at , Lostock on Saturday, and resulted in a tie. Carter, for ST. HELENS RECREATION V. WARRINGTON (SECOND i the visitors, bowled well, taking seven wickets for 13 ' ELEVENS).—Warrington made the journey to St. Helens j runs. Score : , on Saturday with only nine men and as a result were 1 LOSTOCK. GRALAM. GRAPPENHALL. . somewhat easily defeated. Score:— J. Jakeman c Light b J. Warburton b . ST. HELENS RECS. . WARRINGTON. Warburton P. March c D. Plinston E. Pierpoint b Butler 39 J. Stubbs b Carter SE. Pierpo int 0 E. E. Woods b Starkey 0 R. Mawdsley b Carter... 11 J. Pearson c Owen b J. Parr bE. Pierpoint 3O R. Pierpoint c Downs G. Webster b Pearson b Stubbs W. Starkey st Woods b b Parry E. Pierpoint H. Addison a Woods b Parr l2 B. Barker b Carter D. Plinston l5 R. G. Pierpoint run out 7H. Owen b Carter ° 2 Mawdsley 0 G. Parry c sub b E.Pier- F. Plinston b Butler ... 1, J. Corker b Carter 1 W.Carter lbw b Corker 12- ' point 3 W. Howard c Marsh b ;J. Woods b Warburton 1 F. Woodward c Stubbs J. Williams bD. Plinston 4 Parr P. Proudfoot b E. Pier- W. Bell b Butler 0 P. Broom not out 0 A. Johnson b Stubbs 2 point J. Downs run out l2 J. Hobin lbw b Corker 0 S. Critchley b Howard 11 J. Albinson not out 2 W. Gray not out 39 Extras A. Butler bE. Pierpoint 2 Extras

ADVICE TO FOOTBALLERS. To be well equipped is half the battle in Football. FRANK SURCI IS PRACTICAL hat7ffierwilvCda,retzia'ny,ofßilo'lierton, on Wanderers, Derby County and Burnley Football Clubs. BOOTS, 5/-, 6/8, 7/9 and 10/8 per pair KNICKERS, Navy or White 1/-,1/6, 2/6 and 3/8 per pair SHIRTS, ally colour or dosign, fast colours, Flannelette, 2/3. 25/. Matting Cloth, 2/9, 30/- Indestructible, 3/8, 40/. THE FOOTBALL KM BALL, 9/8 post free. Best Ball in use, round, sound and lastina.. FRANK SUGG, 12, Lord St.,Oriiool. Catalogues sent by return (Post free.)

Just the thing for —Summer A Brown & Poison Corn Flour Blanc-Mange with any stewed fresh fruit. Clean to the palate, pleasant to the taste, good for the body. See that you have Brown & Poison's Patent Corn Flour for best results—look at the packet.

Goddard'g- -Plate , 11...,, 1 i ' 01,11,41.er ra.--CieanißlSilver.EleetroPtate.ll .:Wid everywhere v: 2k) & 4-k.

DISINFECT wimi`SANITAS" "SANITAS" BEST DISINFECTANT. "SANITAS,9 18 FRAGRANT AND NON-POISONOUS "SANITAS" FLUID, POWDER SOAPS Of all Chemists and Stores. SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET. The 'SANITAS' Co., Lim., Limehouse, London,[.

a • LADI ES SUN,WINDS, CHANGEABLE WEATHER will play havoc with your SKIN AND COMPLEXION. 66 79 B E ET KAM'S /kg!' liat:y 46 Is, ',were'', a Sure Si-Seguard against tl,eir ill eflectS. A little tisefl after waling aid B:EEP TEM sscur SOFT and SMOOTH ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Born,. 1.. 2, ed.. of a!! Chemirts a,. d Starr, M. BEETICABI & SON, Glaelteniunia

Q W EBTRISA HT'S Curious Love Letter; three tunny photos 7d.—}trams, 13 Court, Bishop et-. Birmingham. 100STCARDS, Best assorted, 50. Is. 2d. ; 100, 21. 3d. ; 1.000. 21.s.—hutsrozr, Stationer, Bond it., Bristol.

A RRMA.I.KABLR OPPORTUNITY. A four guinea LA. machine for 5514—Write, " Rapid' SEWING MACHINE Co.. 14, Featherstone Buildings, London W.U. WATERPROOF APRONS, domestic or nursing; also useful square piece, together, postal coder. Is. ree.— Qmcg Co.. 29, King'. rd , Leytonstone, Essex.

LADIEs who are troubled with superfl 'roue hair should try Hairpow," a perfect remedy, 35., post free.— Qurxxos Co., 74, Ramsey at , Scarborough. T ADY Knits lovely gentlemen. ankle ties, self colours and mixtures 48. 3d.. per d,zen, trample 5 penny stamps.— SHERLOCK, Alrnondsbury, Gloucestershire.

uutua saliJuW must Irbil brawituL goia-va.el Uurb I Bracelet, eet 3 turriaohm,lln velvet.case 71. 6d ; Moon- stone Chain la. 6d. ; money returned If not satisfied.—Mrs. DAVrlioN, 89. Hign road, Hereford.

GUB.—First- class Double Hammerless HRH BCH LOADER by Newnbana." Landport, 12 bore, cross bolt action. re-loaders, belt ; well broke* retriever; a grand lot, Approval, £9.--fiI•DING, Coal Dealer. Pins lane Leigh.

1 TLIOUSIiftS. with back pockets. 2e. a pair. a, .000 by post 2s. 4d. ; Wholeeale. 21. doz. ; state walet awd leg ; money returned ; stalls In all markets.— ANSCOMB. Trouser King, 14, London rd., London. S.St.

TT AMSON AMERICAN ORGAN. WALNUT CAiltstAr,ds 6it. 6 higb,l2 Stops,2 Swells ,£l6—Nearly New,Bargain. —WILLtAmaoR,23 0 Oldham rcad,fiewton Heath Manchester. “"lik TATRIMONIAL POST," se,led envelope 5d , with circular 9d.—BDITOR, 1C.,„ Trafalgar Buildings, London. littablished quarter century, distance Irnmat,rial ; copy st.anp.

WW ANT TO FILL YOUR KIRSH. Catalogues free. Marvellous bargains. Clothing, Boots, Jewellery, Cutlery —Jacons. Celebrated Pawnbrokers, Po,ter et., Newport, 1.4,,n.

DOOTSI (lent. High Class Sox Calf Boots. lace or .1.1 button. banlirupt Stock. Sell at 14s. ed, Send at once. all sizes Es. 11d. only.—lzzsan Bros. Ranelagh rd., S. Tottenham, London. WARTS. WARTS, WARTS, " WARTO 01NTMRNT will cure warts,xnd that's wart (what) you want lid. per box post free, from The QUINTON Ow/P.4lu, 74, ltamsey street, Sceroorough,

ARB YOU TROUBLHO with all PlOtiet..OuU kitatt ? .Pl. Pont deepair. (let" Heirpow "et once. It wlll rernovA it without pain Poet free 33.—The QUINToN Cow PINY, 74 Rameev otreet, Scarborough.

TAPANESII GOODS DiRBC.I: FllOll JAPAN,-24 Posi- t/ cards, 10. 6d., 6 War Pictures, Is. 24 Silk Fans, ss. dozrn silk han4 kerchiefs, 7s. 61. Jag aneee Curios of every descriptton. Pd•YER, Yokohama, Japan.

9 .40,000 TAILORS THUNDRRSTRUOK,4Is. On'. Sulte,nsade to measure, for 13s, 3d.--Writu for p.tterus, ttom, ettalogue c, to tdr, BLACK, Meadow Mille Tailoring Co., Nxeter IPl,ce, Le.ds.

PHCIAL PUROHASS.-20.135 yards ti,•est Scotch Zephyrs, checks. stripes, sul,able or dresses, shirts, blouses, at about half-price; all 61. per yard.—end for patterns to WILLIAM HULME, Ltd., Southport.

M ETTING. NETTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, 1.1 Ring Nets, Purse Nets, spm-row Bets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description. THOMAS Jortasames, Net Warehouse 38 Corporrtion-street, Manchester.

LINAMBLLRD IRON Advertising Plates, Van Plates, Li F.cle. Ac. Snsmelled Copper Letters of every descrip- tion. Swing Signs is speciality. Any design, size, or colour requir, rt. Moderate prices.—Rofia & Co.. 23. Countess rd , London, N.W.

LANCHRS, Caledonians Waltz Cotilon, Q uadrille as taught by the Imperial Society of Dance Teachers, 4to copy of each dance post free lid., 11. gd. the set f teachers trained —Write DEM )21STRATOli, 2, Bonyerie rd., Stoke Newington. London. N.

GARDNINT RODS & STaKES.-- netter value than ever. Price per 100, 211. long. 6d. ; ;Rt. 61n. long, 10c1 ; 4fl. long, le. ; 41t. 61n. long. extra strong, is. 6d. Derange paid on 10.. lots. Data free. We defy competition —PATRICK and SOX Sewmiii., Otley, Yorica•

TO BM 3011).—Farnworth, near Widoes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable ror Chemical or other works requirine space.—Address .1. Holxrao, 16 Fenwiek-street. Liverpool.

V 1514.-9 stone COD. LING, H&DDOCKS, 105. ; 7 stone .22 Phsise, 12s. ; Headless Haddocks. Is. 44. per stone ; belt Cod, 26. per stone; Finney', Za per stone; Kippers and Bloaters, 2a. 6d. per box ; Oysters, ss. per 123 ; bass of selected Irish, 2s. 64. ; Red Herrings, 2s. 64. per box.—LAC Y & bibs, Fish Dom. Grimsby. WAKK I.IP t Save your money by using the (anions ,li'lekless Cooking Stove, " The Primus," burns paraffin oil without awoke or 411611 ; will hot gallon weer in C minutes at a aost:of 1.90 th part of a peeny ;prices,l2s. fid and Vs. 64.. oarrl4ge free.—LANCS HARDWARE Co. 14, 81, John's square, Cierkenwell. C.

4.6 A if MAGBEL" RAZORS ARE TEE ACME OF PERFECTION. BHBFWIELD MAK% WAIIRANTBD. POST FREE 2s 0., 38., 4s. 6D., AND 51. OD J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. BALES /NCREASING DAILY.

FAltq by seaside, near Lowestoft. 17 More', I.eottage and buildings. good water, price £595, stamped addressed envelope for particulars.—HuOgLE, 412 London rd., South Lowestoft.

'LIANCY REPOSITORY FOR DISPOSAL in principal street ..12 of mautrincturing town. Good living accommodation. Double fronted shop. Particairs on application.--filAam 225. Stamford it.. Ashton-under-Lyne.

GRNUINI4.—A good CONEXOTIUri and MIXED BUSINESS, near large mills ; loom for improvement ; sales En to £l2 weekly, cash, no credit trade ; Shaw district ; valuation.—F. A. 141111,15111 W, 67, Stanley it., Rochdale.

CWHEELWRIGHT and SKI rm's °ki- established and good paying BUSINKSS to be Disposed of. with Freehold Workshy and Property ; miin road ; centre of Cheshire town, arise to Manchester; every assist- ance will be given.—Addreso, Box W. A., " Examiner" Office, Warrington.

fro BB SOLD. cheap. a Five-ton Overhead SWUM 1. IRAVELLING CRANE, 60-ft. span, in good working order.—Apply to JAMES WEBSTER Jc BROTHER. Bootle.L'pool

FOR BAIA, by Private Treaty, seven horse Traction Engine Hoy Hanson]) ; to be seen at Wellington road Yard. B.notwich ; also Threshing and Finishing Machine. with Binder, to be seen at Henry street Brick Yard,Orewe.— apply NUL WILLI4IIIB. 28, Crofts, Nantswich.

TT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE to BUY YOUR LU 6141- CANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIS NON- CORROSIVE largest sale in the world. ENGINE OIL, 110.. CYLINDER OIL, 111-d., MACHINERY OIL. 110., SPINDLE OIL, 90., GAS ENGINE OIL, Is. 6d., DYNAMO OIL, 10. 6d. per gallon ; in barrels, free and carriage paid.-- RELIANCE LUHRICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 end 20. Water lane, Great Tower et London, WC Also 99. Great Clyde at., Glasgow; I.Sandhill,Quayside,Newcastle-on. yne pATENT OFFICE fd ANCHESTER ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha .1 more than 40 years' personal experiencein connection with this Establish. ment . and po practical knowledge of the ootton,woolies and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price 6cl. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, P.1.P.A., M.S.A SET. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

QT. GEORGICS IRON WOEK3, LI KlTtsLi (late (irmerod, Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PA.TTRIINS in the trade. In addition have purchased all Wheel, Pidiey and Tooth Block Patterns ,tc., telonglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London' road Iron Works, Manchester, ann. are In a position to Supply O.k3TINGS, Millwright,and 101 l klrrls of Engineering Work promptly.--Catalogues of Wheels and eulley Patterns on application. N.T.. No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address Ormerod Grerson, Manchester'.

ON BALL useful HAWKSK'd THNHOUT.—Pony 14-1 grand et B. M. Harness and Spring Cart. Lot 9. Also stiff Hart, £3.—Apcly WM. Gt.ovErs. Crown Inn. Ince, near Wigan.

AUGHTON and SONS. Farmers, etc., Bourn Cambridgeshire, can always supply last growing PIGS born 15s, to 40s each. Carriage paid. Cash with Order. Bankers : London and County, rt. Neots.

FOR SALP, TURNOUT.—Smart -3 0N Y , free froin vice. 7 years ; 13 hands ; pass auythiug. Silver-mounted Herne's, Padded Gig by Maythorn, Biggleswade ; new last year. —Apply MHUREIT, 9. Neville at.. Earleetown.

'RERNGHOUHRS AND OTHHltd.—arnart Welsh Cob. b years; warrant same round, quiet and a good workers. any trial to good home befere purchase ; light Cart and Harness almost new ; lot a lOs or separate ; real barg.in• must sell at once.—Apply 33, STUCK KTRKET off Lord street, Cheetham Hill rasa. near Cheetham TOWD Hall, and Corporation street, Manchester.

PEEK ETH.—GOOD HOUSE'I WITH GARDEN 8,3 e. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. Also Semi-detached House, Chapel-road, rent £l4. IVY LODGE.FNUGHALL LANE. redu-ed rent. SMALL WORKS, LATCHFORD, 5 minutes from War- ington Bridge, rent 711.6 d. week. 61, CATHHEIN it ST 6 roomed house, rent 43. week. 53, WASH LANE, rent 7s. 6d. week. Apply TCOBERT Lowe, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War - -fnieton. Telephone—No 66.

fro LE r 17, FOLLY LANN,—Apply Worms & ON • Solicitors, liorsemarket Street, Warrington. TO LBT Good corner SHOP. Parker Apply WOOD/ & J. BON, Solicitors, Horsemarket it., Warrington.

ST. MARY'S ATBSET, LAID IS M,IIII).—sHOP 10 WIT, e very convenience ; rent moderate.—J. Lb NT, Bridge Foot, Warrington. 910 LET, good HOUSB In Derby-street. rent 4s. sa ; also I_ one off Bewgey-road, rent 41, 6d.—Apply WOODS 3: SON. eolicitors. Warrington. SHOP and DWELLING to be Let, convenient cellar ; 10 years grocery ; 55, Bewsey it., Warrington.—Apply SIKELLAND, 6.3 e, Bewsey it.

TTNUTSFORD R•AD.—TO BR LET. House containing 2 sittingrooms, kitchen, scullery and 4 bedrooms ; rent 71. 6d. per week.—Appl7 J. Luxe., Bridge Foot. Warrington. TTNUTSFORD ROAD. To be let DWELLING HOUSE oon'ainlng two sitting rooms. kitchrn, scuilery, 4 bed- rooms and bathroom. Rent £l6.—Apply T. Liner, Bridge foot, Warrington.

QTOCKTON HBATH.—TO BB LBT Dwelling house con 1.7 Wiling 2 sittingrooms, kitchen, scullery, 4 bedrooms, bathroom, Ac. ; within 2 minutes of Cu terminus ; rent £lB, —Apply J. LtrisT, Bridge Foot, Warrinkton.

DELMONT, LATCHFORD.—To be Let DWELLING HOUSE containing 3 sitting rooms. kitchen, scullery ; 6 bedrooms, bathroom. garden, greenhouses /cc. Rent mederate—Apply J. LUNT, Bridge foot. Warrington.

G'"D CHANCE.—TO LET HOUSES AND StiOP 36 Lodge Lane. Llverp3ol; busy thoroughfare ; would suit any bottoms. First time empty for many years.—Apply 79. TutrirEL ROAD, Rclizehlll, Liverpool.

IFFICHS to be Ler, over Ile ion Bank, Sankey Street, • Warrington ; light and airy ; fire places and electric lights in each roum.—Apply J. P, lIDLOW. estate and banes' agent. Union Bank-buildings, Warrington.

ROBRRT L9WH. ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Saleroom' No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 65. DASH ADVANCED ON Goons DEPOSITED roil SALE. New nd I:Wo,3nd-band Furniture and ostler Goods constantly on Sale by Priv‘te Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture, be.. warehoused,

TEDIGS•TION.—Sufferers can have recipe of England's AL leading physician for ii. id., cured thousands ; genuine. —W. TOPHADC. 2.5 Lidget Place, Bradford. HBADAOHE I NEURALGIA l and TOOTHACHE ! Immediately cured by • Vivia.' the new rem ally.— Wholesale NEwsgave, LTD., London. In Thd. and ls. it packet!, post free, from R. Npeedie. Chemist, Crieff. QTERILE MARRIAGE.—Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women ;a new edition just published. Post free 3s. Bd. London. —SHELLEY et CO., LTD.. 38, Grac.chureh Sr.

DROF. VERNER'S RIIMEDIES.—Anmmia, Bronchitis 1. Bilimpness, Indigestion, Rheurratism, Eczema, Piles Obesity, Le., ilpeedily cured. Medicine Is. Lid. per bottle post free le. 3d. ; Hair Restorer, Is. per bottle. PROF. VERNER, (U.S.A.), 15, Vernon it. Bolton.

CONSUMP PIO X.—Midland Open-air Sanatorium. Bea Ind fully sAnated In a park of 45 acres, 750 fest, above sea level, gravel soil. south aspect. Estaslished 1898. Specially- constructed out-door chalets —ffor terms and illustrae I pros- pectus, apply, THE SECNEVAR T. Bourne Castle, Be through- ton, Worcestershire.

LOAN GitAATKE) UN IHESS TSARS £5 TO £5OO. LOAN £5 REPAY £5 12s. 6d. LOAN £lO REPAY £ll ss. Ot. • LOAN £2O REPAY Ea 10.. Cod. LOAN £3O REPAY £33 15s. Od. LOAN £5O REPAY £56 5. Oel. LOAN ELCO REPAY £ll3 100 01. Larger amounts in oroportlon. Call or write to W JACKSON, 7O. PLYMOUTH-GdOVEi. MARC I EITER.

IMPORTANT TO BOILILOWRRS. NO FEES.—.EIO to £l,OOO Advanced. on day Of application, for any purpose to all classes, on si triple piomiesory note; no security; terms to suit burrowers ; tr,w Interest ; any distance ; our straightforward deislings and easy terms are well known and recommended ; special rates for short periods ; cash advanced at burrower's house it re- guired.—Apply In confidence, bTANDARD LOAN COMPANY. 4, PARKISR STRISNT, WARRIMOTON,

AtWANCES £.3 To i'.SOO.—DUN'T PAY FS As those Offices who ask for fees,will only pocket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FiMIS OF ANY KIND CHARGIM. NO dClierflif Rfig(Tllt&D. NO tilliPHO r- ABLII APPLICATION refused. NO FINRS IF lINABLV to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONNST and STRAIGHFONIVARD dealings guaranteed. Interest very reutonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply and be convinced to the—Manager, J. CALVKRT. °LAUGHTON CHAMBIIRS,I, °LAUGHTON STRECHT opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. MINA:INS.

je £lO, 1:15, £2O, £25, £.SI—AUVANUS Ares/ MADE to ALL PEIIONd WOttEllY of CREDIT on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TEEMS POE StIORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit main by our Manager on same thy o application who wlllgrant you the money AT ONUS satisfactory. NOTE: THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 69% B.AYDOCK SrREET NEAR Till,: MARKET PLAOK IiARLESTO

IROII .£3 AND UPWARDi. DONT FAIL TO GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THATOURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is 64 weekly £2O repayable 78 64 weekly. £5 „ 2s 04 £5O 178 64 £lO as 64 „ £lOO „ 30. 64 For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply In con- fidence to MAURICE AND 00.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MAN.Lcumess, Wes COTTIMILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HoORB, 9 •m to 9 pm. PROrd PTLY ATTENDED TO. RSTAIMISHIM (WWI FORTY YelAßq.

£lO, £2O. £3O, .£5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect' able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOCRABLIA DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, 700 T OP TM& CENTRAL STATION. MiNaokk JOHN K. GOGU WIN. .B.—Estahlished at this •kddraaa Twantv Years.

,PECIAL NOTIUI TO ALL WHOM 11 MAY 1•7 COSOBON.—Having a large capital at my disposal, I am prepared to Lend same in sums of £lO to £l.OOO to all 'bona fide applicants, male or female, day of application, at reasonable inter-st arid easy repayments. No preliminary fees or charges of any kind. Hundreds of testimonlals to my quick and straightfcrward dealing. Cash advanced on all kinds of negotiable and collateral security. Apply personally or by letter. Strictest privacy guaranteed Jistaine no object. Tel. No. : 3922. JOHN PLIITOMIN, MARIIRT BUILDINGS, 17, THOMAS-ST., SHUDSHILL, MANOR/WEIL SPRCIAL NOTION TO BORROWBES. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY FROM £5 ti £5OO on day of application to all classes on note or hand alone, no fees charged, no sureties required, distance no object,stric priacv and hohourable dealings guaranteed. Interest and repayments lowest in the district,no respectable entillcents refuted, call or write before going elsewhere, it costs you nothing to inquire and you will save pounds, and befog the actual lender you will Rho save paying agents or so called managers fees or commlssion as I make no charge whatever unless business is done. For full particulars apply personally or by letter to the actual lender. J. HARRIS, 23. THYNNW STREST, WARIIINOTON. Open 6 to 5, private house.

THE NATIONAL LOAN SOCIETY is expressly established and reentered pursnant to Act of Parlia- ment to make private advances without loan °face formalities to all classes (male or female), from £5 TO £lOOO on , SIMPLE WRITTEN PROM( AC to REPAY, for any immediate want to start in business, furnish your houte, to pay rent or rates, or for any private use. The advance otn be paid back by easy Instalments or can remain out front one to five years by paying the interest only. Distance no object. Interest and repayments lowest in Ragland or Wales. Strict privacy and straightforward dealings guaranteed. It will cost you nothing, it will save you pounds by applying either personally or by letter for our free prospectus to THE NATIONAL LOAN SOCIETY, 82, MILL STREET, CREWE. READ OFFICE I 41, CORPORATION STREET, MANCHESTER.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (NOT Lgee THAN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 2) years the total amount lent by the undersigned EXCEEDED £1,250,000 He has received hundreds of unsol'cited letters of thanks and has annually, for the past nine years, Issued seleo- Dons from these In pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied, free of ;Marge, on application. either personally or by letter, to ; GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED IVO.

ESTABLIgHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS. 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NESVGATR STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. PAT: TIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANCES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY ROTH TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OP STRICTEST PRIVACY Ting sysyEsi OP SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. NO BILLS OF mALI4 ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED), AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SNCREOY OBSEHVND. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEZTION IRRESPECTIVE OP DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Heoresentatlva w 11l call personally npon My fair arming and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled oarp ppliireen it s of anb plate the tratmetiOns at their own home

NOTICE. THT WARRINGTON EXAMINER IS NOW PUBLISHED om FRIDAY AFTERNOON, —PRICE ONE PENNY— AND IS ON SALE AT THE VARIOUS NEWS- AGENTS AT ABOUT 4 O'CLOCK. SHOULD ANY DIFFICULTY BE EXPERIENCED IN GETTING THE PAPER THE PIK/FM(17011S WILL UNDERTAKE TO DELIVER A COPY AT ANY ADDRESS IN WARRINGTON BE 5 O'CLOCK ON FRIDAY AFTERNOON WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE. Address all communications to EXAMINER OFFICE, BEW SET STREET, WARRINGTON.

"Cyarniner" *trio TRH WARRINGTON AND MID-011ESTHRE HaAmlif lished every Saturday morning. 91HE RUNCORN Kick:WINER, published very Friday after I. noon. fd lathe best weekly pap.w ii the Town and District, and offers the beet and cheapest facilties to A.dver- tigers. THE WIDNES =AMINE% published every Friday after noon. Whines contains the largest number of chemiaa works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly grow- ing centre of industry. 111-18 HARLESTowN AND NEWTON JRAMINER, published every Friday afternooi.. rrall ST. HELENS IixAMINEB. Published every Friday J. afternoon. PREPA.ID ADVERTISER ENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HoUBEs WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES IiOUsD, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Gls Words. Week. Week.. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 64

NEW TALEI NEW TALE ! TO-DAY, FRIDAY, AUGU3T 18rrt. A SPLENDID NEW TALE ENTITLED 4' THE WHITE ROSE," (BY GERALD MSS), WILL COMMENCE IN THE "EXAMINER." PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY AFTERNOON. ONE PENNY.

FOUND THAT FOR QUALITY AND VALUBt WINBS AND SPIRITS FULTONS ROS. CANNOT BB BRAIHN. FULTON BROS. 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL. ALRO AT FULTON'S BUILDINGS, ROCEIDALII, Telephone 2251 Royal. Liverpool.

LOCAL NEWS. _ 'Notice. The Warrington "Examiner" is now published an 'Friday afternoon, price one penny, and is on sale at the various newsagents at about 4 o'clock. Should any difficulty be experienced in getting the paper the Proprietors will undertake to deliver a copy at any address in Warrington by 5 o'clock on Friday after- , noon without extra charge. Address all communica- tions to "Examiner Office," Bewsey-street Warrington Basses o'th Barn Band. We understand that Mr. R. H. Pearson has arranged for two concerts by this famous body of instrumentalists to be given In the Parr Hall in the afternoon and even- ing of Monday, September 18th. Mr. A. H. Crosfield. • In the current number of the" Sketch" there is an excellent picture of the Grand Duke Michrel's golfing Party at Harlech, with the fine old castle in the back- ' ground. The gr nip includes the Grand Duke, Lord Winchilsea„ Lord Maidstone, and Mr. A. H. Crosfield, the latter of whom is easily recognisable. Music in the Park. On Sunday next at 3.15 the Legh-street Brass Band .. will occupy the Stand, and will render the following programme, Mr. Fred Podmore conducting :—Hymn selected, march" Viva Pettee " Rimmer ; selection, " Lucrezia Borgia " Donizetti ; chorus " Judex " from • Mors et Vita " Gounod ; air vane " Sicilian Mariners' hymn " Round • intermezzo " Forget me not " Macbeth ; march, " kaiser Friedrich " Friecle- mann ; " God save the King." Lady Cyclist Injured. Miss Lena Harris, 25, Howard-street, was riding her bicycle in Tanner's-lane, on Monday evening when a cyclist whose name has not been ascertained collided .. with her. The man, who was riding on the wrong side of the road, knocked the young lady off her • machine with the result that her elbow was dislocated. , P.C. Gilchrist happened to appear on the scene and !, after he had rendered first aid Miss Harris was taken to the Infirmary and was attended by the •house eurgeon. The worst feature of the case is that after he accident the man rode away without making any • inquiry as to Miss Harris's injuries. LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK. BRI D N-STILEET.—Advt. The Warrington Rowing Club. • The President (Councillor T. J. Hulse) attended the: 4 second outing in connection with the above Club on Saturday afternoon, when a very pleasant time was spent. In addition to the President and Vice-Presi- dents, many local gentlemen accepted invitations and were rowed up the river from the Boathouse, 1 4, Howley, to Thelwall and back, a distance of ' about ten miles under ideal conditions. A short , meeting was held at the Pickering Arms, Thelwall, The Secretary read apologies for absence from Messrs. John Lee, S. Wakefield, J. Osborne and others. Mr. Arthur Booth (captain of the old Warrington Rowing • Club) in a brief speech referred encouragingly to the -4. revival of this branch of sport in Warrington, and to ' the success the club had attained during the season. The meeting which was quite enthusiastic wound up with Mr. Clement George's humorous sketch " The art of doing nothing." All of the party arrived at the • boathouse Howley, soon after six o'clock having . thoroughly enjoyed the afternoon. Beautiful Warrington Society. •-• In connection with the recently formed Beautiful , Warrington Society a circular letter has been issued • ~. setting forth the objects which the organization has in I. view and inviting new members. Several sub-com- mittees, it is stated, have been formed to deal with . -different branches of the society's work. Thus, one will promote the laying out of open spaces, planting ! trees, and encouraging the cultivation of gardens, and . the provision of window boxes. Another will aim at ' the preservation of features of interest, the building of artistic houses, &c., the cleanliness of streets, and the •T eneral improvement of the town. A third will , address itself to the problem of smoke abatement, ▪ 'while a fourth will seek to work, through the teachers, upon the rising generation in order to discourage destructiveness and mischief, and to: imbue the children with the desire to preserve and maintain all that is beautiful. It cannot be too clearly , • understood that it is not the intention of the Society to interfere with existing agencies, nor to take up a • railitant attitude upon any of these questions. It is ' hoped that the aims of the Society will appeal to . , Persons of all classes and of all opinions, and, as a consequence, a large and united band of workers will be brought together whose efforts will be directed to make Warrington beautiful. Claim Against Messrs. Crosfield. At the Warrington County Court on Thursday Mr. Thomas Halton brought an action against Messrs. Joseph Crostield and Sons, to recover Bs. costs incurred by plaintiff through defendants, with Mr. Browne, solicitor, and promised to be paid by the defendants' servant or agent. Defendants paid into Court £3 35., and counter-claimed £l5 17s. 11d. for goods supplied. Mr. A. Browne appeared for the Plaintiff, defendants being represented by Mr: Wingate • instructed by Mr. Evans. Plaintiff accepted the amount paid into Court in settlement of his Claim. He admitted the purchase of lime, &c. from the defendants, but held that it was Paid for by contract. —ln his evidence Mr. Halton stated that he had dealings with the defendants, and Ufl their behalf sold lime on commission. He sold Mr. -Newall, their engineer, a tank for SA 10s., and later /net Mr. Henry Roberts, defendants' managing direc- tor, and settled everything per contra the sum which ne owed the defendants being almost balanced by the amount which Messrs. Crosfield owed to him. The settlement was not put in writing, being only verbal. Wingate Saul produced correspondence which "he submitted showed that the settlement had not been 'entered into.— His Honour non-suited the defendants nPen the counter-claim. A Question of Identity At the Warrington County Court on Thursday,Thos. ester St. Helens,sought to recover from James Cook, c'amages for injury to his bicycle caused he alleged by 'the defendant's negligence. Mr. Riley appeared for the .I,2laintiff, defendant being represented by Mr. Browne. 'IIr. Riley stated that Cons was the proprietor at a inerTY-go-round and visited various towns, however the 29th June last the plaintiff was cycling along Walton New-road, Warrington, when he heard a horse • d trap approaching from behind someone shouted to !tun and the next thing he was knocked down by the n°l'se, and the trap passed over his machine swalmost destroying it. Defendant drove on but as brought back by another cyclist. Plaintiff was 'd , ing on his proper side of the road _,'lcsnas Foster gave evidence in support of Mr. Riley's statements. It would cost him £7 to get his machine repaired. He spoke to the man who ran over him who .rave his name as James Cook, Four acre Farrn,Sutton. Ile bad since seen the defendant who did not deny he twas the man who had knocked him down. Defendant had since had his moustache shaved off. The man 'who knocked him down had a moustaehe.—Cross- -". .‘ eax.amined. He did not know that the defendant had ' brother who is exactly like him: He identified the . defendant in court as the man who knocked him down. ,Mr. Houghton and Harry Williams, gave similar _....7l7..usteuaceche o of ficin the eity both men agreed that the man had a -day of the accident—Mr. Browne : I my clerks say that the defendant had his mlasteatiin clealershga--ed off before the date of the accident. was adjourned, , „

Rev. G. H. Carnson's Departure. Warrington P.S.A. Society. . This week the Rev. G. H. Carnson left Warrington 1 A well-attended meeting of this society was held on to take over his new citifies at Wigan. During his ! Sunday under the presidency of Mr. J. J. Taylor. The three years ministry in the town he has made himself i speaker was Mr. E. Wynne Jones who took for his extremely popular with local Wesleyans by whom his , subject,'" The low moral tone in the land to-day." severence from the Warrington circuit is regretted. , Mr. E. Hannan very effectively rendered the solos At Bold street church a farewell service was held the ' "There is a green hill" and "The Holy-City." Rev. G. H. Carnson, preaching. Mr. Frank Hickman Asx for CuererNameet's Hteta-Ce.eise leferezeuen presided at the organ and special music was rendered WATERS.—Advt. Band of Hope Picnic. Timber Ship at the Lay-by. A picnic in connection with the Winwick Free. There has this week been discharged at the War- Church Band of Hope was held last Saturday. rington lay-by near the Stag Bridge, a cargo of timber Frodsham was the selected spot, and the party, for Messrs. R. A. Naylor and Co., from the steamship numbering between 60 and 70, left Winwick about Valentia. This is the first cat-go for the firm which , 12.30, reaching Warrington at 1.15 and Frodsham at has come direct to Warrington by the Ship Canal, and three. A most enjoyable afternoon was spent at another is expected early next month. Overton Hills. The conductors of the Band of Hope deserve great credit for their enterprise. The Rev. J. Transporter Bridge Stoppage. F. Matthews (secretary of the Free Church Council) It is announced that the car of the Widnee and and Mrs. Matthews joined the party at Warrington Runcorn Transporter Bridge, which had been running Bridge. The return journey was made at 0.30, experimentally for the past . fortnight, was stopped Winwick being reached at about half-past nine. on Saturday. It is proposed to cover the trolley PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FO BEST girders with netting, to further secure the complete R BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. safety of passengers and the car will not be run for , passengers while this work is in progress. It is Athletic Successes. expected that the car will be re-started within a month At New Mills sports on Saturday, W. C. Brereton,of Warrington Harriers, was third in elm mile flat race Potato Rot in Cheshire. from the 110 yards mark. At Atherton Church House Some of the Cheshire farmers are now complaining sports L. Ford, of Warrington, was third in the 100 of potato rot. Disease has shown itself in several yards sack race, and second in the 440 yards obstacle districts, and it is feared that large quantities will be race. J. Houghton, of Warrington, won the third found affected later on. The rotting is said to be due' prize in the mile bicycle race at the same meeting. At to the long drought and the heavy rains. In some of Preston North End sports on Saturday, A. E. Howard the low-lying fields rows of potatoes were found under of Warrington,was third in the mile bicycle race from water after the recent storms, and it is here where the 135 yards mark. At Port St. Mary (1.0. M. on disease is now seen. The potato cro-s suffered during Tuesday R. Dennis, Warrington, won the half mile the long dreught and a sudden change to heavy rain race, has not improved matters all round. It is feared that Wycliffe P.S.A. Society, a spread of the disease may be looked for, in which case a serious state of affairs will arise for the There was good attendance at the meeting of this society which was held on Sunday. Mr. Nelson pre.. farmers. sided and spoke from the text "It is well," his remarks H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC takes away that proving very helpful. Mr. G. Fairbrother, of Bolton, tired feeling.—(Advt.) was the speaker and spoke upon" Life." Mr. W. H. Quality of Cheshire Butter. Wallington sang " The Glory Song " with pleasing i There was an excellent exhibition of butter and effect, the men joining heartily in the chorus, and cheese on Wednesday at the Banbury Horticultural The crown of glory." Mr. J. Owen and Mr. G. and Cheese Show, and Mr. Thomas Parton, of Weston " Hall, Crewe, who judged the butter, spoke in high Smiley also took part in the meeting, The savings club again received 27 depositors. terms of this section at the luncheon. He mentioned ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL that it had been said that the quality of English WATERS.—Advt. butter was deteriorating, and that English makers Honour for a Warrington Friendly Society could not hold their own with foreign makers. He Officer. challenged them to find a place in the world that could A high honour has been conferred upon Bro. Charles beat the little district of 13unbury for butter. Roddy, of the Royal Arras Bank-street, in his appoint:- (Applause.) They did not want to play second to any C ment to the Grand High other nation. There might be Kiel and other fancy National Foresters' Benefit Society. This is the ,hief Rangership of the Irish places, but they could not produce a better butter for principle honorary position of the order, and Bro. tApplanse.) ,he breakfast table than that of English make. Roddy was elected to it at the annual convention, held ( at Mothereeell, Scotland. The Lord Mayor of Dublin Homing. is the general secretary of the order, which has a The Worcester young birds race in connection with membership of 42,270, the branches being distributed the Warrington and District Homing Society was as follows :—lreland, 101; England, 04; Scotland, flown on the sth, 26 members competing with 369 121; South Africa, 3; Rhode Island (U.S.A.), 48; birds, ritcl non-members with eight birds. Result : Australia, 58; total, 425. The amount of aid in relief Crank Bros., velocity, 784 ; Hill, 782; Lamb, 775 ; since 1881 is £330,000. Mr. Roddy has been the W, B. Walker, 769 ; William Houghton, 768 ; Miller recipient of hearty congratulations from the members Bros., 762 ; Crank Bro., 700 ; Timperley and Son, of the Warrington branch who are naturally proud 755 ; Roughsedge, 748 ; Turner, 746 ; Withenshaw, that one of their number should have been chosen for 741; Hayes, 739; Nice and Oxley, 729, 730; P. the important office. Houghton, 729 ; W. B, Walker, 723 • Howard Bros. Meat, CARTS and Bassinettes. the latest designs. 722 ; Cotton, 721 ; Burrows, 720 ; Ryder Bros., 717; J. S. GARLAND. 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Warrington. Bate, 714 ; Wright, '699' Craven (2 ' ), 088 • Walker —Atone and Son, 078; Ryder Bros., (103: Lamb, 659 ; Engineers' Picnic. Burrows, (134; Leigh. 650; Hoigkiss, 641 ; Rat- About thirty workmen of Pearson and Knowles cliffe, 591; Forster, 567 ; Litherland and Harper, (engineering aepartment) had a picnic on Saturday 528. afternoon to Liverpool and New Rrighton in celebra- Irishmen Drowned at Moore. tion of five of their members attaining their majority. On Monday evening Mr. R. Dobson coroner, held On arrival at Liverpool a visit was made through the an in nest at the Red Inn, Moore, on the body of White Star liner Teutonic, after which the party sat 9 : Patrick Toevey, an Irish labourer, formerly employed down to an excellent tea at the Bee Hotel. New . on the farm of Mr. Morris, MOSS Side Norton which Brighton was reached about 7.30, and a smoking was rec A.-_ered for the Ship Canal on Saturday morning. concert held at the Ferry Hotel. Mr. A. Scott was Captain Waring represented the Canal Company. appointed chairman and Mr. Reuben Taylor vice- The evidence showed that deceased, who was 44 years chairman. Several speeches were made and songs of • age, called at the Stag ban at Walton on August were rendered with effect by Messrs. A. Scott, H. oth with a companion named Patrick Casey, but Ffigham, E. Wright, J, Pemberton, L. Taylor and J. deceased was refused drink on account Of his Massey. The meeting ended with a vote of thanks to . .condition. Deceased was also refused drink at the the Chairman, and the party left for Warrington, which Ship Inn the same night. On his way to the farm he was reached at about 11.20, everyone having enjoyed would have to cross the Ship Canal and Old Quay the outing. Great praise is due to Mesers, Cotton and Canal. Herbert Freeman, bridgeman at the Moore- Appleton for the manner in which they carried out the , lane swing bride, spoke to recovering the body—A arrangements, verdict of "Found Drowned" was returned. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC takes away that I PUBLIC BENEFIT. UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST : tired feeling.—(Advt.) BOOTS IN LANCASFIIRE.—Advt. ' Angling Contest. ' The first match of the season in connection with the Bolton Farmers in Cheshire. King award VII. Coronation Club of Jolly Anglers The members of the Eclgworth (Bolton) and District was fished at Newbridge on Saturday afternoon in Agricultural Society visited Warrington on Monday Arriving at 9.25 they were driven to Walton Hall, the glorious weather, the total catch amounting to 81b. The prizes were distributed by Mr. Macanley at residence of Sir Gilbert Greenall, where a halt was s the headquarters, the Ring o' Bells. Wilderspool- made for the purpose of inspecting hi stud of road, on Monday evening. Interesting addresses hackneys. The journey was then continued to were given by the Chairman, Messrs. Foulkes and Knutsford, arid at the Red Cow Hotel a sumptuous Boscow (secretaries), and Mr. E. Gibson, the latter dinner, ptepared by the hostess, Mrs. Williamson,was referring specially to the art of fishing and giving done justice to. At the invitation of Mr. A. L. Good- valuable advice. The following is a list of the prize son, the visitors called at the Heathfield stud. Light r winners : —l, T. Boscow, 14oz. 14dr.; 2, E. Lawton,efreshments having been partaken of the visitors 14oz. 7dr.; 3, F. Foulkes, 12oz. 151dr.; 4, T. were driven to the Dam Head Stud Farm, Mobberley, Armitage, 12oz. sdr.; 5, J. Payne, I2oz. 41r.; 6, A. 'owned by Sir Lees Knowles, Bart., M.P„ of Turton , Boscow, 9oz. lldr. ; 7, J. Andrews, 9oz. 101dr. ; 8, J. Tower. The next halt was made at the Model Farm green, Soz. 2dr. ; 9, C. Mather, 6oz. 7dr.; 10, M. Lymm, the stud of shires owned by Mr. James Gould I Chorley, soz. sedr.; 11, H. Owen, 4oz. 131dr.; 12, J. being inspected there. After tea at the Plough Hotel, : Mortimer, doz. 7dr. Lymm, the journey to Warrington was resumed, and Revolver Shots at Night. at 9.22 the town was left for Bolton. A peculiar case was heard at Lymm Petty Sessions Fatal Flannelette and Unprotected Fires. • on Wednesday. During the last two months the "if parents want to lose their children they have villagers of Partington have been startled late at night only to dress them in flannelette and leave the fires by the firing of a revolver, evidently by a passing unprotected, and they will lose them all." This was cyclist, and numerous complaints have been made to Coroner Brighouse's comment at the inquest conducted the police. A watch was kept on the nights of July 2 at the Police Station on Tuesday evening on the body and 12th, and on the first night a farmer named of Ellen Ann McGrath. aged '7 years and 9 months, Henry Read heard shots close behind him. Two daughter of Patrick McGrath,' general labourer, cyclists rode by, but he could not distinguish their 07, Wellington-street.—The evidence showed .that features owing to the darkness. On July 12th he was the mother went to put her baby to bed on Sunday 'in the roadway, and he faced the cyclists who would morning, leaving the deceased, who was clothed in a not st op. One of them, however, ran into the hedge flannelette nightiacket, in the kitchen. Shortly after- and fell from his machine. He gave his name as wards she heard a scream, and, on going -downstairs I Robert Morgan of LTrmston. The other man came found deceased in the yard with her clothing on fire. back and struck Read. On Wednesday at Lytnm With assistance the flames were extinguished, and Police Court, Morgan, who was said to be engaged in after limewater and oil had been applied, she was the cotton trade in Manchester, admitted firing ball taken te the Infirmary. The child was taking a and blank cartridges, ille told the police that it was roasted apple from the fire, when her clothes became a silly thing to have done, but he had not thought he ignited.—The Coroner ascertained that the fire was was "doing any harm. The magistrates commented on not , protected by a gilard.— After making the defendant's folly and fined him £2. the comment quoted above he said it was UNDER THE CLOCK for Good Boars.—Advt. quite useless to talk about the subject. He and other coroners had talked quite enough about it but Good Tempiary. parents would dress their children in flannelette and The No. 1 Convention of the South West Lancashire „ leave fires unprotected. They were not surprised at Good Tem m plars was held at the " Nil Desperandu , these accidents taking place, but they were surprised Lodge, Hope Schools, Wigan, on Saturday, and was they did not occur more frequently. A verdict of largely attended. The Calf year's report was very " Accidental death " was returned. gratifying, being deemed the best for a summer session sincesce the inauguration. The following were elected W GARLAND, 51 to 55 Bridge-street, Warrington.— Convention officers for the ensuing half-year : —Bro. 2LAND Parr, C.C.T., Leigh; Sister Newcombe, C.V.T. D Wigan; ", Bro. Punshon, C.C.C., St. Helens ; The Irish National Foresters' Benefit Society. Sister Wood, S.J.T. Earlestown ; Bro. Wragg, The convention of the above order was this year ES., Wigan • Bro. Warburton, CI.; Earlestown; held at .Motherwell, Scotland, where about 15,000 Bro. Bowler, C. Chap, Ashton ; Bro. Newman, C. Sec., walked in procession. The Irish National Foresters' Earlestown; Bro. Merlin, CM., Warrington ; Bro. Society is non-political and non-sectarian. Men of all Holden, c.p.c.T., Wigan ; Bro. T. Lewis, C.G., religions opinions are admitted, but they mnst be Irish Widnes ; Bro. Stirrup, C.S., North Ashton; Bro. by birth or descent. Its object is to provide against Goplin, C.A.S., Wigan • Sister Hope, C.D.M., Hindley. sickness and distress. Sick benefits are as follows The officers and members subsequently sat down to a 10s. per week for 15 weeks; 6s. per week for 15 weeks; tea which was excellently served by the Wigan local 4s. per week for 22 weeks ; and 2s. Gd. pension' the lodge, and an open-air meeting followed on the market lowest scale is left to the discretion of the branch;llo square. Bro. Smith, of Ashton, Bro. Parr, Leigh, and is granted on the death of a member or member's wife Bro. Punshon, St. Helens, delivered addresses ; and Is. Od. per day to any brother travelling in search Sister Wragg, of Wigan, tastefully sang solos and Bro. of employment. The untinterrupted 'success of the Fowler of Ashton recited with ability. The day's society are capable of managing their own affairs proceeding, were particularly enjoyed by the visitors The Warrington Branch was established in 1881, has from Wart Ington, Widnes, Ashton and Earlestown. had a career extending over 24 years and has been KITCHEN RANGES, Fire Grates, Files &c., large instrumental in accomplishing 'much for the spread of stock.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge-street, Forestry in other lands. The first Secretary was Bro. Warrington.—Aneer. John Mannion, now deceased ; first Chief Ranger,Bro. Licensing Changes. John Rogerson also deceased. Over four hundred The following transfers were granted at the War- members have been initiated since the inception of rington Police Court, on Monday :—Off-licence, 365, the branch and these in the course of a score or more Winwick-road, from Absalom Taylor to William Years has become scattered far and wide, carrying Fairhurst; off-licence, 24, Warburton-street, from with them the seed of the organisation. The" Erin's Samuel Tavlen to Henry Taylor; off-licence. 82, Hope "Branch, Warrington, has stood sponsor to two Orford-lane from Thomas Broadhurst to Peter other branches which have grown and flourished, viz.: Broadhurst; Roebuck Hotel, from Peter Chrimee Dr. McCormack Branch of Earlestown, and Branch (deceased) to Mary Ann Chrimes ; Griffin Hotel, Avondale, Ashton. The branch has been a real live Horsemarket-street, from Arthur Witham Paul to one, taking an active part in all the Forester's public functions in the Manchester District. In this respect, William Rogerson; White Bull Hotel, from Charles A. Newall to James Jennings; White Hart Hotel, special praise is due to Bro. McMahon, who Market-place, from Henry Teecl to NV. R. Turnbull ; has unswervingly attended to duty. The branch Rose and Crown lan, Bridge-street, from George Lang meetings are held in the house of the (deceased) to Mary Ann Lang; wine licence, present secretary, Bro. C. Roddy, where its Knutsford-road, from Jelm Hartley to Annie Hartley. quarters have been established for over twenty years. Mr. A. Browne on behalf of Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, The present wood-ward, Bro. W. Egan, has held office and Co., applied for permission to alter the Brook- for 15 years. The present treasurer has held office lands Motel Lovely-lane, and the Railway Hotel for nine years and the Secretary for first chief Ranger, for a dozen years. , Latchford. The object of the alterations was to make Bro. M. Rogerson brother of th held the latter office for three years consecutively with seperate departments for the outdoor business. In a capability which won him much credit. The present each case the drinking area would be reduced.—The magistrates declined to grant the application, feeling Chief Ranger, Bro. M. Devaney has held the office for three years. The Branch line paid out £650 in sick that the provision should have been made when the houses, which were both new ones, were built, benefits and £l4O in death claims.

ABANDONING A CHILD. At Runcorn on Monday Thomas Gregory, (58) was summoned for abandoning his child Gertrude Gregory (11). Mr. .1. W. Knowles prosecuted for the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. It was proved that the defendant had left the girl to run about the streets and take her luck. Another child fourteen years of age, had been sent to a home. The defendant was sentenced to a months' imprisonment without hard labour. RUNCORN Bo Y INJURED. A little boy named Richard Dunbobbin was knocked down by a milk float, belonging to Mr. Foster, dairy- man, in Church-street, Runcorn on Saturday afternoon. It is said that the lad, who, fortunately, is a deaf mute, ran straight in front of the horse, lie was placed in the vehicle, and driven to his parents'house in Rutland- land-street. Dr. Delaney examined him and found him to be suffering from shock, slight internal injuries and severe bruises. AFTER TWENTY-FIVE YEARS. At Runcorn, on Monday, Edward Boden, of Bentinck- street, was summoned by his wife. Alice Boden, for deserting her. The defendant pleaded guility. Mrs. Boden said she had been married twenty-five years. Her husband was foreman at Riincorn lay-by. He had deserted her because of a telegram that came from a woman at Smethwick, Birmingham. She opened the telegram, which stated. "What's wrong you do not write ?—Noll." They had words in consequence, and he left the house and had not been there since.—The defendant accused his wife of drinking and immorality, and said that twelve months ago,when he was injured et the lay-by, she put every article belonging to himself and the children in the pawusop. She owed £lO 16s. for rent and £3 Is. 9d. for coal.—The bench granted a separation order, the wife to have the custody of the children, and to receive 12s, 6d. maintenance.—The Defendant: Very geed, sir; thank you. —4-........ WILLING TO DO THE SAME. Among the many stories that Andrew Carnegie de- lights to tell of the canny Scot is one in which Lord Derby and a collier figure. It appears that while the latter one day was wander ing on certain land belonging to Derby the collier chanced to meet the owner face to face. Rig lordship inquired if the collier knew on whose estate he was trespassing. "Well, I've got no land of my own, and I'm like to walk on somebody's. Wheer did the' get it fro'?" asked the collier. "I got it from my ancestors," replied the Earl, good- taturedly. "An' wheer did they git it fro'?" queried the trespasser. "Why," continued Derby, humoring the collier, "they got it from their ancestors." "An' wheer did they git it fro' ? " " They fought for it.' Whereupon the collier put up his fists, and, squaring fup to the Earl, exclaimed: "Well, I'll feight thee c r it." _____.....— THE LANGUID SHOP GIRL Is a Victim of Anmmia ; the Cure is Dr. William's Pink Pills. No matter how considerate employsrs may be, the trying conditions of shop life cause assistants, whether male or female, to become anwmic. The signs of anemia are easily read in pale cheeks, dull eyes, white lips and gurus, shortness of breath,and a listless,languid walk, As one young lady explained : "I am an assistant in the drapery business. For two years I suffered from a languid, tired feeling, and frequent headaches. By degrees I became so weak . that it was a hard task to S. go upstairs, for I grew '0 . giddy and out of health. ,i,' " I was bloodless, and , ; ---- white as a ghost. So i SA:. helpless did I become 1/, i s7r4•l, "e. % ' . ' Vttrut ~ . _ that I thought of giving 4 ';... ,Vela..k. / up business. It seemed ~.41,....,1 !.','1:15, 4, 4,LW.tii- a 3 though nothing would e. 'o' " help ale. Weak and ..,,,%.. .. ' miserable as I was, the -...::;-., , pi r little food I could take , ,',..:;,;;),:l ...e. . r / O did me no good. f !:.,' i Ili • "J.', . "When I was beginning ,!'. 4'' )'',// to grow hopeless some Weak, languid, and bloodless friends advised me to try girls irt business need Dr. Williams' Pink Pill,. Dr. Williams' .Pink Bills. By the time I had finished one box people noticed how much better I looked. Continuing the pills, my headaches vanished, I gained energy and took an interest in work. I never felt so well as now ; anrealia is a thing of the past." So lifeless and unhappy are anxmic girls and women that they lose all hope of cure. Yet thousands of bloodless ones have found new health in Dr. William's Pink Pills, which fill the veins with rich red blood, and have cured ana3mia, indigestion, palpitations, fainting fits, neuralgia, consumption, rheumatism, sciatica, paralysis, and ladies' ailments. Sold at medicine shops, If in doubt, send to Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn-viaduct, London, enclosing 2s. 9d. for one box. six for 13s. 6d. DREDGING THE MERSEY AND SHIP CANAL. The Ship Canal Company have furnished information to the effect that in the length of the river Mersey between Monks, Hall and Company's work at Bunk Quay, Warrington, and Howley Weir, 439,600 tons of material have been dredged, and have been deposited on land above the influence of the highest tides. During the year 1901, 73,180 tons of silt have been dredged from the length of the Eastham channel at or near buoy E 3 ; and 76,120 tons of silt have been dredged in the immediate approach to Eastham Locks. The whole of this material has been deposited at sea. In the length of the canal between Eastham Locks and Latchford Locks, 462,308 tons of silt have been raised by the dredgers. Of this quantity, 170,240 tons have been deposited at sea and 292,061 tons on the tipping grounds of the com- pany beyond the reach of the highest tides. At the mouth of the river Weaver, 9,507 tons of , silt and clay were dredged to form a turning basin, of I which 7,920 tons were deposited, at sea, and 1,397 tons ,on land. From the non-tidal portion of the canal (Latchford Locks to Manchester Docks) 107,830 tons of 'silt and 9,540 tons of rock, clay, and gravel were dredged and deposited at sea, in addition to the quantity dredged and deposited on land. The total quantity of silt dredged from the canal daring the year 1904 was 1,226.069 tons. In giving me this information, says the Acting Conservator, the Ship Canal Company state as their opinion that the whole of this quantity of silt and detritus would have eventually found its way into the estuary of the Mersey, had not the canal works been interposed. A timber wharf, 153 feet in length, has been con- structed on the southern bank of the canal, immediately above the Transporter Bridge. at Runcorn. Royal Assent was given on August 15th to the Man- chester Ship Canal Bill to authorize, inter Min, the raising of the level of the water in the canal between Eastham and Latchford and the construction of a dam across the river Mersey, near Warrington.

, 't ~ //.- ~,/ ,•• 7 ,• . t10ii,..,,-m-q.... .4 %:X4ktyliikis 't.k .• 4 ''.•.\ •-A. ;',,, ..,i! zr/A: /x . , :::. or, ~, ......,A,t,i,•:,:.• i ho ,--,, , /' 5 )‘ ‘,4,:, • ;'! .•••• . ..,\ .-..c,....-t•:,t,;;;,..„,.: ../ 'A•• A•iil, t,--;• ,* . 10, .e ~,,.:.,„.., :I ,L., i 11,15t.,,,,._?..;,, ..C.-ie P• 2 • A .7: ,jl,l,‘Z I,LV Five-stone Hoop Ring. Five evenly matched and perfectly brilliant stones, mounted by hand in exquisitely finished mounting. Stones fully warranted to retain their brilliancy. Regular price 121• During this gals ... r 7" /,-,,,,./4-r-A7, f.,....4. :.t.:.'W__.,.tl,.'--c,;44..,,ci>'-':•'•-r.7.:,, 4 ..,.,. ~:z.,„.0..,- ~,,,i....1,...... ,-,-,.,-K-61,;,. -,:,------. syi k '-',''' ; ;;.- •t ' -', i';',4,o ..ae,,,*,,,,,,,-;,4,,"--,;Vt, - A Gent's Cuff Links. Set with three very small brilliant stones. American pattern. Easily adjusted. Regular price IS/- During this Sala ... ... Sim k,'.::;;;l4'-'4",' C',l7.q . 47:fitlaf.afFS: \ . ''',i, '.:,. ‘.l.,li''':-!—.s'-'" itird.34,,, •T '4' ''i j ,0..,,:: • A..0,,,,.,..,..,,r. ~ 4 , ''' -47.0 • lEr.,- I-% '4-, ' • I • ''',‘;..,z,Z '.,.,2-14 '' ' , ;ty:t-,4..•-t',A. ' Al3lO Beautiful Brooch of Star Design. Elegantly made and finished. Every atone guaranteed to retain its lacil- liancy. Regular price 18,- . During this Salo ... ... 8/ ..

CHURCH DISESTABLISHMENT. An Election Manifesto for the People In view of the next General Election, the following Manifesto has been issued by the Executive Committee of the Churchmen's Liberation League : We stand for the principle of " A Free Church in a Free State." We desire to liberate the Church of England from the control of the State because we believe- 1. That State-control enfeebles, and tends to destroy the spiritual life of the Church, by encouraging her to lean on the support of, and to accommodate her teach- ing to, the Secular power. 2. That the Church of England, as a religious society, has a right to self-government, free from the interfer- ence of Crown or Parliament, and subject only to the Divine law. 3. That, in a country where there are many forms of religion, it is unjust and invidious that one should be maintained by the State in a position of privilege and pre-eminence. (We know that the sense of this injustice ! is keenly felt by Christians outside the Church of England.) 4. That the maintenance of an Established Church is harmful to the spiritual life of the nation; because it ' tends to foster a false conscience, and to make people think that National Righteousness consists in the legal establishment of the Church, rather than in the personal religion of individual men and women. 5. That the subjection of the Church to the State is an invasion of the Sovereign Rights of the Lord Jesus Christ as King of the Universal Church and Master of His own house. The Disestablishment of the church would, in our judgment, involve the following changes :- 1. The Sovereign would cease to be "Supreme Governor of the church." 1 2. The Bishops would no longer sit in the House of Lords, but the clergy would no longer be disqualified for sitting in the House of Cemmons. 3. The control of the doctrine,discipline, and worship 'of the Church would be withdrawn from Parliament. I 4. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council I would no longer have authority in religious matters, and Ecclesiastical Courts would cease to possess coer- cive jurisdiction. 5. Private and Official Patronage in the Cure of Souls would be abolished. The Bishops would be no longer nominated by the Crown, but elected by the Church. So far, we have spoken of Disestablishment only. But it is not likely that the State (as represented by I Parliament) would consent to Disestablishment unless I

'Positively the finest imitation stones on earth. The nearest approach to genuine diamonds ever discovered. They have all the fire, flash, sparkle, and brilliancy of old mine gems and will stand all the tests of acid, heat, alkali, &c. So nearly do these stones resemble the real that experts have even been deceived. They positively defy detection, and are guaranteed to retain this marvellous brilliancy for ever, and having no artificial backing they can be washed and cleaned like real diamonds. To convince you of the truth of the above statements, and to introduce these goods to our patrons and to the public in general quickly, we will offer for a short time mai only, Rings, Brooches, Pendants, Earrings, Scarf Pins, Cuff Buttons, Lockets, &c., PAW equal in appearance in every way to articles of jewellery that cost from Ls to Xso, at the special price of— E/501E. This price hardly pays for the gold used in the setting and the cutting of the stones.

,/..;!//;:...,..',.:,7,"•:::,..•74,,,,,,:4: 14_, ,• i ',4„. ' 4'• ~, 04.777:,,zi,v..:f .:<7;'/.. ~,,,,; e;;;,,A, ,E-1-.-...- i, ~...,..*•,..,,,,-,, .r6.-..fet . • ~,,,i4,-•::,,,/ v ..-;;,-: ,-K,4Wi. A ./W/ii ..40,%-,41. - .- .-,44,41644 p ' i-P 3. A- eu.', '...:-, • ' /Al ‘ii.f.,,y) • 4 , „,o, Its. • • ....•,.. .„-,a,...; , f ii,V; ' ~- ..,*;•%.,-.1., ~ / 4 '9%,'N;"=s'. '''''-' - 4 - ~-.- I:NA A. / , 01.7.-i!, % , ,:,..,-. • --i- N \.6.PY' ~ ~ ~/ : . ~,,,--.--,- 4,.., .....3 ___,--t—,-,:,• ttr, ,', ' fr 7 ,gerf ~,,:tot .41.-41P:tt‘s }' / „,n., ----_.: ~ . , ~,,•,, " ri-,:i'SVLIN iv ~ -.. , '"'• / irreFir,,... rnriV...'"'", , / :im• ISAV-5..,„,,, ). •-"V 4D". 1 ', .': l,11). oilsiliiii... ',,;',' Vlillir " ,-., r Vl' -. ,- • r , ~,,,,,,,,,I Ni lit 'IIIIA •-. "'4,4,-, "i/..; / ~,,,,,, ~ -- ' 41_ .4, . ~., , / ,/, • - .• .7- 7 .- - ~ PAO.V.-:. . -24't'''', i./ . 1"'" 11;fr'V. ' , ',, ---2. , T,e...^..:•71A.',..",, '4 ,e-W%% /7,, A,';'".-,: A../ A/ '<':!l/' ,IT g. 1.-... ,;•.',.,' C:, j No artificial bockinr. , Gent's Single Stone Gipsy Ring. Beautiful Marquise Ring, se- The stone is set as well and Small but Very Brilliant Stone. curely set with white and brit- The entire ring an exact corw of equal in appearance to a genuine hint stones. Your choice of and impossible to detect fro'rn a diamond. The mounting itself ruby. emerald or turquoise cen- genuine diamond ring, costing is guaranteed for twenty years. R twelve ine tres. Regailar price 181- rgupriceastat- . Regular price 18/- egula During title Sale ... 8/se During this Sale ... Sion During this Sale ... 8/as 1 ) i.117i;i:,,,,,,, .*,t.,...„47::47:04/... li .:10.1'4.:,..c.,,,., ...q,..„ .4 • 4 ,%, 0v •,,,„ .„, ~,,,,A , .4...,, h' -, . :2., • 44:: 41. . . ' 'p, k,,,_ ~,.,,,,,,,,,,,„, ,„ 4,7 ,i :•:°' " •‘. ~. kft/...4,4ii. Art,U, ~..i •% / iz, ..,, . ~., ,• , ..,i,x; 7,--,f44,44..., • —` . , ,'„,,'" • .4,72F41,-: ~ Woi, :,.*:* 7 ~. i,,,544.;.:„0 • , 4 4.'fir; '4. ''' ".. ,t *t \ ~..:'.:\‘, Pr,?' :113;- -T,''';':.:ik,N. ;./•/0 7.,:i7,»F:qpi::.;-,,,/ ,-5,,.7-,l' \\ \\' ' ' t's" :!PIS:' \ *,,i,„Amezifti,, /701 i '''' ~,.,,...// ~,,,, // ~,' •,.. --A- ~.,. No artificial backing. Cluster Screw Earrings You Solitaire Screw Earrings Your can have these with ruby, emerala ch,ice of stones, weighing quer- Gent's Cuff Links, American pattern. or turquoise centres in the ter, halt or one carat. Vie have Easily adjusted. Practically real screw or hanging earrings if you these in the hanging and with gold fronts. Regular price rat- pat:nt fastenings. desire. Regular price , Regular price Li/- During this Sale ... 8/. During t Dueng this Sale ... ... his Sale ... 81 . As. ~,• ''..,-..,',,. 44; . i , *4.'7'141. ,•.i. , ::4-4,,i flAt--,.... 4.- 'rf 11.ta, . -. " - :• - * '1 r ,z;,:i.W4tif ;44 , ...- A i -:',-,,,;.141EF ,-... '• . . • -.-:... ri-4 • • 1:!?'. '' - .1:5 i'i ;•,; •-.24 • ' ~.. ;•- , i vi:,..4: mv. a.. ' ..5/, ;,.7/5".1....,"c Very Neat Design Stones will An Exceptionally Popular stand the nitric acid test, and Brooch. Ihe workmanship is are guaranteed to retain their exquisite. Regular price 16/- brilliancy for ever. Regular price 16/- During this Sale ... Si.. Daring this Sale ... Sim

A;-,'X- • • , •KrOtty 6191 Crescent Breach, made very neatly and set well with eleven perfect Lucks Scientific Diamonds that are guaranteed to retain their brilliancy. These stones can be washed and cleaned like genuine diamonds. Regular price if!- During this Salo 8/

, Great , l''f,„ Et ',,,,. m 41,4 kf 'ir "I*: * . df, ,- L Ar. r V Xi , Se:, lea i. Choice of any of the articles illustrated, also your choice of hundreds of others that we have not room to picture, and which we formerly sold at from 12/- to 18/, To-day ',,a,.. ila and during this great Introductory Sale, only— LUCIOS • • • have startled the world. Jewellers are confused, the public con- • founded, and money - lenders puzzled. They have completely SCIENTIFICDIAMONDS upset the diamond market. Some diamond merchants do not know whether they are getting the real or LUCIOS SCIENTIFIC DIAMONDS, OURGUARANTEE: We guarantee each and every stone that we sell to retain its brilliancy for ever, and the mountings to give perfect satisfaction. We will give £5,000 to any charitable institution ) in Great Britain if it can be shown that we ever refuse to replace a LUCIOS SCIENTIFIC DIAMOND that does not give satisfaction. LUCIOS OF NEW YORK, Ltd. \ ON SALE AT THIS PRICE FOR A SHORT TIME ONLY:. .. i., „ ..; . ~. 'I 1 4k ct. . . .1. ~ 41` .1k4..0 ,t• . , f, •.',., • 4, 1,1 Z li - . 14 ODG „. .• I 2 '47.1 • J., . . wARRINGTe 'i { : 0

r;4•4:.•"4:. 2,1-ot' - .40'. ,-, . ••' 7 e• y 44" I , • , ..4".0 4610 t 1 . ; '24,',.., •• An excellent Food admirably adapted ?.E. Ili to the wants of tnfants and young persons he..s —sllt CHARLES A. CAMERON. C. 8.. M.D.. .` Profeseor of Chemostry,l2.C.S.l.. Masco! Officer of Health for Chalon, 141 ' 1 PUTORVEIIY.IO.Ip. 71,:trE SePmECP RI AESL s AOPFP OultiNsTsMILE N T 1,1; •C#,` Nk i '1 ' -- - . ~ .• ~..... , • • ?,,,,..*

'accompanied by some measure of Disendowment. 1 Still, all vested interests, whether of clergy or laity, ) LANCASHIRE " WAKES." would be fully safeguarded and the church might I reasonably hope to retain the use of the Cathedrals and ! --- Parish Churches and the modern endowments. In this matter, however, we may safely Artist to the sense of i Holiday Fund of ,E 163 0 0 in Ten justice of the English people. I It has been well said that" independence from State- I Districts. aid calls forth energy; the withdrawal from compromis- ing situations or unmeaning alliances leads to the con- The annual "wakes" holidays in the Lancash ire ma is centration of force and the creation of true union. A factoring district began on Saturday, and in many p lac hol idri traffic records were broken. It i s estim at Church to live must have a clear conscience, and, if its 40,000 were expected to follow on Monday. A siruils position in the State is left to compromise that con- that 60,000 people left Blackburn on Saturday an science, then, however advantageous such a position The lodging-house at Southpore keepers may be, not only for temporal purposes (though these exodus took place at Oldham, Bury, Stockport, Colne are not necessarily to be despised) but also for the and elsewhere. advancement of religion and morality, there must still Douglas, Blackpool, Aberystwyth, Morecambe, Scar- be no hesitation. That Church must make p its mind borough are consequently reaping a rich harvest. At u Southport, indeed, many visitors were unable to find to depart out of Egypt, and to go into' the wilder- ness." accommodation, the boarding-houses and lodging-houses In the strong conviction that " the wilderness "is being full. The distributed by the various "going-away" ; I the only way through which the Church can reach the he a Promised Land of Freedom we earnestly solicit the clubs is larger than for several years, owing to the co-operation of our fellow-c,hurchmen in the endeavour great cotton boom. In ten districts of Lancashire in to which we are ourselves committed. which holidays began on Saturday no less than Z 468,000 has been paid out, the amount being apportioned as -- follows : Oldham ... 400,000 Blackburn Bury lO,OOO Hyde Stockport LIVERPOOL AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. Heywood 9,000 CHESTER V. WARRINGTON 2ND—These teams met Nelson under the auspices of the Liverpool and District League Preston at Chester City Baths, on Monday evening before a large Haslingden B,OOO crowd. Chester defended the deep end the first half. Clitheroe 3,000 l Blackpool received the largest number of the holiday- Warrington pressed at the opening, and had hard lines lin not scdring several times. Tiddy scored for the home makers—two hundred special trains arriving there on team, but the point was disallowed. Edwards then sent Saturday, but Southport, Morecambe, and other places in a long shot, which the visiting custodian fumbled,and on the Lancashire coast felt the closing of the mills and l'en'lernatt thavine heard the little girl speak- put, the ball through his own goal. Warrington attacked workshops too, as well as Douglas and resorts on the ' • dl' " wish ing French as he entered the JD: 1 that and Jones had to deal with several difficult shots. Both Welsh and Yorkshire coasts, 1 I could learn to speak French as well as you teams played up strongly, but Chester succeeded in _ aeneneloCtoorl-1 'do my child I " 4r, holding the advantage to the interval by one goal to I ' nil. Iu the opening stages of the second half, the home A LADY MOTORIST FINED. f Liqle Grrl: "Then your nurse must be French, wayi A ' team attacked strongly. Edwards teat the Warrington and yeu must never, never speak a word, of motor-car Collier, on English—it _llow, cannot n theoo t only team further ahead. The into the home half, their Bowdon, was Monday youk talk English. keeper,vis visitors s placing then o. a It. Thi the d home play shots, however, lacked the necessary stine. Read° August Oat Rostherue at a speed dangerous to the public. sauttnAtnltorninecdhafnorMdrrsiviTgor carried the ball 'down on the Chester left, and' Edwards Th 3 evidence of Sergeant Sharpe was that the defend- , scored a third goal. Loose play by the home men let in ant covered a measured distance of 220 yards in 178ec., i Shopkeeper: "What can I show you, sir ? " French nurse, aVarrington. who, however, failed when in an easy or at the rate of 2el miles an hour. There was a con- want—le me A' . it-minded Professor : " 1 3 t it. el position. Edwards shot over the bar, but afterwards siderable amount of tranic on the road at the time. see, what do I want? Dear me I I can't for the placed the ball well in goal, and Reade scored. War- Several other witnesses were called by the prosecution rington pressed, but their efforts proved futile. Chester and they gave it as their opinion that the speed of the; life of me remember what it is. Well, well, it towards the end had most of the pkiv, and retired car was excessive.—A fine of 20s. and costs was doesn't matter; give me the nearest thing you winners by four goals to nil, imposed, hays to it. l , ,

, t T ..„,...... ~...- , ....,...„ 5- ~,,,„,,..r.,:,...„4:: ~ _ ......,, ~..• . ~, -,,...1: , :.,.,?,,T.:.i..4.);;.:1,,-;.,, :, 1,,,,,,:...,.,..::.:;:13:!:•.::::t.,74,1.:,, r.:;40::%.,,,,.::::"..;„,,,:ii.1i:.,,,,„,,e.,,;,:,:,,,,,,za1it,,..i„....: 4,_______, g,;..,... ....,.:,.. ...„,....:,.. ;,...:.: 1 t.,. ..„,,,,,.... ...,,,,.:•,„:„,"..,::‘,..:::,,4,i. :.,,, • ,:.,..:.. ' 4 -• • . ;,!; ' '.:.;:. :. 1.:5,..'.. r.1.',......:.. 7,:•.:...,..:... # ' „0„,- ................... ....................li 1 d ..,.., i.:,.:,;.;,.. • i •`!:::;. Oil 1 ~t '' ..I*, ' ''',. ' .ti. V.... '. q • ! _,..., "f"-..*... 4' ;Or _...j • 4.1 _.-1-- • .•,, e..y 1.. i 6 a l'ilY DEAR CLULDREN, You will notice that in last week's paper I awarded the prize for "Rather Contra- dictory" to Miss Dorothy Starke. as she sent the first correct solution; there were sevelai others, but they came too late. This is the second prize that this lucky little girl has won. I have received a very nice specimen of freehand drawing from Jessie Bond. 1 was very pleased with this, and wish other mem- bers want& folio sr this little girl's example. I hope many of you have sent me the pen and ink sketch and boxes, as I want to have a good selection to choose from. You must remembar that August 31st is the !fist day for receiving the lists of those competing for the prize watch, etc. I have had several very good lists in already; 1: would not be fair to tell you the largest number of names received, but you .must all do your utmost to obtain new membens before the end of this month. I wo lder how many of you have nice gardens? This is the time of year for mignonette, sweet peas, lavender, hollyhocks, and many of those old-fashioned country flowers. I will tell you what I intend to do a little later on, and that is to hold a flov.'er show amongst the members of the "Children's Corner." I shall give two or thrae rounds in prizes for the best sped- mous of certain flowers. At a certain time, which I shall tell you, you will have to give in your names to me, and then I shall let you know the seeds you will want. You will have to do all the work yourself—in fact, do all that is required until the flowers are sent in for the competition. I used to exhibit plants and get prizes, and very interesting work it was. Now, what do you all think of this idea? I would like you to write and tell me; also say what plants you would prefer to grow for plizes. I will give a prize to the first correct solution to this week's puzzles. 0 With all good wishes, from UNCLE NED. --4-- An "Ironclad" Keyless Lever Black Watch, marvellous timekeeper, dust-proof, high4st perfection, supplied by Messrs. R. L. Christie, Edinburgh. Value, one guinea: ALSO 50 PRIZE VOLUMES will be given to the boys and girls under 16 who secure the largest number of members for the "Children's Corner League" before August 31st, 1905. Forms for securing members will be sent to any reader forwarding stamped envelope to "Uncle Ned." Write for the form to-day, and get all your friends to join. There is nothing to pay, but splenuid prises to be gained. __....___ BREAD AND JAM. It happened in France. Two little girls were on their way to school one morning in the Aiummer-time. These little girls lived with their mother on the boundary of the village, and their school was ,in the village, so They had a long walk along a solitary road between their home and the "Sister's" school, as it was called, for the teacher was a Sister of Charity. Each of these little girls had a basket on her arm, and in each basket were large slices of white bread, stuck together with plum-jam. They were very fond of white bread made of wheat flour, ior the principal food it their home was black bread, which was made of buckwheat; and they considered white bread a luxury. Later in the year, each would have had a big rosy apple to eat with the bread, tnstead of jam, but the apples were not ripe—as yet they were hardly larger than cherries. These little children were not sorry, however, for they liked plum-jam much better than an apple even the ripest, rosiest apple. There was no danger the jam would soil their school-books, for they had none—their lessons were written by the Sister with chalk on a blackboard, and they had no need of books. . Hand in hand, these little girls were trudging along the solitary road, when, turning a corner, they saw before them a man, sitting on a log, with his head buried in his hands. The children were not much frightened; why should they be, by a man resting upon the side of the road? No one had ever harmed them. They could not see the man's face, but, thinking he must be some one they knew, they went on fear- lessly, stopping when they were opposite the stranger. The man did not stir, and they looked at him in silence for some seconds. "What is the matter? " asked Marie, the elder.

- 4 ~,• , • . s- • 1...=,-----, • ', , • .:'asM A S P. \): EXTRACT OF HERBS. 7 ‘•'. e MAKES THE FINEST ,;, • .• Herb Beer at Home. .: BRcw your own beer and know .... what you are [honking. MASON' S 1 :al' pese ':d7ini kV:Zit; arl el. Just the thlng for The Children's Corner. . A 6d. Bottle makes 8 gallons. -r • - SOLE MAKERS— .I Newhall & Mason, Nottingham. .. ~. • r '. , -,3o.wr.M.!.l7tvics*l77l,s,o'Siq,,AliWi-' 15421.Natt?.."-• • ''- . ---........-- , (Or ~. k., %4., . ---...--.......---- '.*‘ ''''' '-'? Witith 0070, 4'.' SPFAKINO OF THE NEW BART ANT, ITS CLOTW2-3. z) ' ol,eee 500 "v° *eon oto LATEST ILLUS- TRATED CATALOGUE Yott on. for. no ' possible idea how much we can help You in . ~., fai;.• ) . ‘7,} lit i 013 iyi tni. ;tH.. , El% eolla-ns,aedeßCvl,E,thoes id, wilt OuIhF,,,A,LL alr. 0 thAt whatever iz purchased from Hs. If not :,' ; Approved of, will be Wren toick and the money '''' ' : returned. No that ,on need have no fear .:4 . sending for my li comp set. . ' . ' THE CELEBRATED IeteOUTFITS• contains re well-made, serviceable Garmenta and 1 doz. Napkins for I le. , I No. 2 a I.and.nie set of ye Garments and 2 doe. . Napkin,. for ,e 2 2e. No. 3 has et beautifully designed Garments and ' 3 dOr. Napkins for X 4 4.r.. i CONSTANTINE BROS. (Dept. C.C.T. BOLTON.

47 If I .i. _....- • ,i., :lir,: ."4,-, t• ~•---- • -. x 54' ', , , ~ , , 1 LONDON MADE - i £5 ' A frc' WATCH w ~. THREE - QUARTER PLATE English Lever. BEST .: .. P LONDON MAKE. Chronometer Balance, Keyless action; f 1 ; in Sterling Silver Crystal Glass Cases, £5. r) ;i1 # I,' (In Massive 18-ct. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, £15.) , ''! i• i . _..„' on ON 4 4 cbt times', syos7 , it„, ~. ' ' .I•'' '', MONTHLY PAYMENTS 2Lit name Priacia an Sox. N0.a.),,i ojfeWwzohg, Chains, 10/- Deposit with Order, 9 successive Payments of 10,- each for ILLUSTRATED No. I. of Clocks, “Its- the £5 Watch. For Gold Watch, Monthly Payments of Li. BOOKS Per'l P'"'" clan Bags. _ I. EE. f No. 3, of Silver Articles blearn Factory : 62 & 64 LUDGATE HILL, E.C. FR for Presents.

INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF, RAP:D CURE RAPID CURE. OF OP 1 GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. inf BY EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. "I TAKE NO OTHER!" -- 13, Robin Hood-street, "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Isle-of-Wight. Mona Cottages, November 29th, 1904. Coalville, Leicestershire, Dear Sir,—l feel it a great pleasure to drop you a June 4th, 1904. line to say how much good .. have derived through Dear Sir,--I thank you for the good I have received using your Rheumatic Pills. I have had Rheumatism off from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two and on for several years. I was recommended to use months aso and tried almost everything, but got no your Pills and SINCE USING THEM I TAKE NO OTHER. I better. 1 tried your Pills and am glad to say that have likewise recommended them to others and they AFTER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DAYS was QUITE CURED also wish me to let you know what good they are doing I was so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs them. I shall recommend them to all I know suffering Being a miner you may guess how I suffered, bus- thanks from Rheumatism. You can snake what mu you like of to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I this. I remain, recommend them to everybody myself. Yours truly, Yours gratefully, .TOIIN CHAMBERS. JAMRS WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in- injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurious matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles,ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. ----_ EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

r rr--rmais----I—my to have "n7l'ig'2'"--7-621he House.lll, ..........._.......___...,.... A box of BEECHAM'S PILLS is a handy thing to have in he house, and if a dose is taken at the moment of need much illness will be saved. t Any trouble arising from derangement of the digestive I i organs is quickly set right by ~- 9 --- , . • CD •. . i ' ilt ~. ii P," t ~. ,e .- ~ ;2* . This unrivalled mediene will do more to build up robust health and maintain it than any other remedy. They are unequalled for Vi A SLUGGISH LIVER,

, „‘„,,,,,.•*,kr::4,Ke. „4, 4.i:, 1 ‘,l •C.A.„e''''' ALki5A.44l", .` - : -----,,...,,P;, L. gi^t:l) .1. ' •k'‘t, ' 't A. Fitii, . . • -4Vv.rrie1.,.4.-4;.,,:.;-- _tit • • ..*O---1.-"' '"'± ..--:.-sc-,,t..\;.•,.•••:"..„7,,---...-_-, , i ' •':., ~,, ':::.;:a7;-:7;,-*;-s.'..4;•): -,•-: „..., __ .._ . 471,ir-,-.1-,-..„ -:—....74.'„,;:•• ti.,,. '4i:nzite '',i2=1;:•:,411....: - - --,--, r - 1 ',.... .':'.:;- • • 4.. •!;,:s7i-3-!;;,„ t•-:::4;,:;;17-Zz's'- - Ir , I CONSTIPATION. 7.54,4:-: ~,,, ,fr-!•,• -,ss 1....t.:1,......,_- , 14:44,7 •- - -----t.--- - L! SPECIALLY SUITABLE FOR FEMALES OF ALL AGES. ---------------- Sold everywhere In boxes, price 1111(56 pills) et 219 (168 pills). . , 4 ._—W'

PICTURE FRAME, ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS. finglish and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regildlng a Speciality. Largest of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN BOOK. 160 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FRIIR ON APPLICATION. H. MOREL!. 17 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, 81.0 3MBURY, LONDON, W.C. Warehouses 11, 12:and 13, Nears Yard, and 41, Neal Street,(ln the rear). Telegraphic: Address: Rabbitry, London." Telephone 6315 Central.

r BRADFORO'S UNIVERSALLY APPROVED LAUNDRY Over 040 Gold a Silver !Medals and First Prigs Awards. 1 Libervi Cash Tegma. A .11D DAIRY Catalogues Post Free. L wa,,,,p,r. 141IACHINERY. NV rlniong & llang.ing Machines. Inendry Requisites. “Diaphragin" Churns. Rutter Workers. Dairy Appliances. THOMAS BRADFORD St CO., 140-143,11igh llolborn, London ; 130, Bold Street, Lirerpool; . Victoria A.suue.Nls.uchestert Crescent Iron Works.Saltord

CORRUGATED ROOFING. Pest durable quality as supplied largest citation 25 years. Capping. Gutters, 'AV ri Fastenings, hon-Fenoing, Tanks, and Mir Tubes. Prompt dispatch for cash.— JOHN Arrwoon Itistivg,Stony Stratford RUPTURE CURED. Gentleman Cured himself. will send FREE particulars of then- pongee self -curative treatment. "HIGHLY SUCCEASFUL." Send address for "HOW?"—WIII. NIXON (Bon aa.), 3. Earl Noses, Carlisle.

fe,oliWidi PAY CASH - , As. FOR YOUR k• ~ • • • • • • • • 11, 1!:. c.Am E R All I FOR A LIMITED PERIOD ONLY. REX, NEOROLL, SIMPLAN, And nomy other Well-known Makes For Instalments at Cash Prices, CARRIAIiE PAID. ILLD. CATALOGUE SENT POST FREE. IGIRARD4 rii

•••.• "sa: 'es• '440 ....h.' '4140 • litif Patronized by Royalty, Nobility, e4c. qio Be wise in timo and 9.1 FtrqNlss-1 at 1-6 /.6

rrr 4‘ 1.„. • "clo•

, V. By far no LARGEST, BEST, and f-k 4 W CHEAPEST STOCK. 6) W i Erery Class efficiently catered for. .0 W PITTS'S Celebrated (A W M HOUSES OF FURNITURE ••• Mi. 0 ....., at 151, 221, 231, 38, 50. 75, 100„;• W2OO, uo to 3,CCO guineas, are in point f A ova of Excellence, Durabifity, and Value ;fk w the very beat oLtrinable at the r. 43 tin price. They represent a very great ,L\ Y 7 saving as compared with (4hers. f:01 V. 41 a Full particulars free. Aix ........—.................................... v0r.,11 W Pitts' Furnishing Guide 41••• i) 6\ reveals the secret of economic Fur- • • Ohl nishinz, as it c ntain; 80'j isrtis,ic i.itts, J". Designs k riced showing how to make .b.'" W every £1 do the usual work k.f two. Gratis. Post Free at request. Lash r.t..4 Quotatirms only. g" Easy Payments 10 per cot ext.. IA .........---.. rLI LONDON ROAD, 91 MANCHESTER. ....,... 1.0 Established 1,313. Bankera: Lloyd's. AI 44 .4,4 N :', I+. ."%. •`,02... •• 4 k ••).. ~. . . ~"6.. •Nak :gib. .Nrib. •Nrs. • • . • `. ill" idor •dolv WS, 'ASP' 'ale gle `40;1:11117 UP; .400 Ul

JOHN HARRIS & Co. • 5N,,.. ' "6 Model Skirt \ 0 <1 FOR , N'... \ 6/11d. \ , I This handsome SKIRT is k., . made in a light cloth, ai SHRUNK and UNSPOT- u I ABLB, in Black and Navy, \\\ ••• , o ' trimmed with Glace Silk .I,,iff.t,eftilkiW, E., and deep kilted flounce. A ..4.::,445,1ik‘1 .IAN, "4 BARGAIN ts. Ild. Money AM,telt,,AA 4,- c, Returned if not more than sa cf.k• ri tisfi ,7$ ed. state waist and '''',',..f„l i:; skCr: length measure. JOHN HARRIS rt 00, 172 A, OLD ST., airy. LONDON.

The Int:orpo.ntel. , 44,Thmines Nauticzi ‘ t I (1 p" 11.N.5. " 14011CZSTER." ( :f Gret:nhlthe, Kent ,ijirificatos Boy 3 for Offlempa •. . ;14:41"- .' '‘<49 NAZI Cod'eettrhipCslree/e intlly ld toSarrVe)fia. .... . appointmeats to TLN .::. . 11-MAWDqu.STER. App'y W. M. BULLIYANT, Fun. Ser. 72, Mork Lone, LGllliqn. E.C.

K E AT I N C'S POWDER v - -- • :41;4 BUGS FLEAS ,MOTHS • BEETLES 'TR

Tiros, 3d. 6d. &

lusFrAmo powing. Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in tho preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICE IN NUTRIMENT. 4 DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Casstrarci is the one Vang needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour rad imparts to thorn a grateful mellowness. CS! NO RISK I NO TIE

A Certain Cure for Eye Troubles , • fl - wonderful remedy for Weak Eyes. inflamed Eyes, Tired Eyes. Recommended by Eminent Specialists. Numerous testimonials, Write for pamphlets. Price 2s, 9d. per Bottle, post free. Guaranteed free from all harmful admixtures. THE ILENE CO., Room A 9, 304 High Holborn London, W.C. - - -

YOUR HAIR IS YOUR GLORY I prodnoe new Hair Growths on the Baldest Heal or Smoothest Lip ; Stop the hedding of Hair ; Remove Obstinate Scurf and Dandruff ; and bring the Weakest Growth into Strength and Beauty by my True Hair Growing Preparation in a Few Dnys. Send two penny stamp' for A. PUBS TtUAL SAMPLIi to A. LAVRLLII, 31, STATION 1111., DOOR tiWRLL, LONDON, S.B.

NEW TALE! NEW TALE!! THIS DAY, FRIDAY AUGLST 18m, A SPLBNDID BEVY TALE It:STILLED "THE WHITE ROSE," (Bir GERALD BISS), COMMENCES IN THE EXAMINER." PUBLISHED EVERT FaIDAY AFTWINCON. ONE PENNY.
