===== 0002601_19050218_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
TO BE OBTAINED FROM

JOSEPH BES WICK,

HORSENI ARK f_r,T ST., WARRINGTON.

EARLIC6TOWN FOOTBALL CLUB ANNUAL CUP AND MEDAL COMPETITION. Open to AMATEUR CLUBS within a radios of 8 miles. Entrance 4s. Applications— BRKE4, 9 NEWTON TERRACE, BARLESTOWN. ENTRIES CLOSE MARCH lex.

A LLAN LINE. —TO CANADA, UNITED STAT4S, 471 RIVER PLATE, AND INDIA.. SAILINGB FROM LIVERPOOL. LONDON CITY St. John's N.F. and Halifax Feb. 21 BAVARIAN Halifax and St. John, N. 13 Feb. 23 ROSARIAN N. Video and Buenos AyreA .....Feb. 24 &HMOS AYSHAN Philadelphia direct Feb. 28 lONIAN Halifax and St. John, LB ......Mar. i =IAN RATIN TO CANAUA.—SaIoon from £lO, St. John's, N.V.; £ll Halifax and St. John, N.B. Second Cabin, .67 101. Third Class, ES 10a. To India, £37 10a. and E 27 10s.

For full particulars apply to ALLANEI. 103, Leadenhall Etreet, London, 8.0., and.l9, James street Liverpoo

lINIMMUMMai

===== 0002601_19050218_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
4 (/' Eht /tilt" Vet ,

No. 13118 ONE PENNY

M==ll

07 EVERT DESCRIPTION.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. • 122, LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOO), PAWNBROKERS, ti EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAII.CHES. (BY ALL THE LEADING MALEBO

SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY

30 10 50 FRB MT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES

Old Id and Silver Antiques, Manion& etc.. bought or taken In exchanie. 111oheyladvance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, itc., to any amount It low rates of interest strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will twelve srompt attontlon. TELEPHONE. 2081.

SILTURI3.A.Y, FEBRUARY 185 1905.

By Posr }I 73fi per Quarter 6s 6d per annum is 9d per Quarter credit

===== 0002601_19050218_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ARTIFICIAL TEETH.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS.

ebutation.

GERHAN, French, in 20 lessons prospectus free.—THE F.C.1., " Sherileld," Albert at., Ventnor, LW,

SANDBACEI SCHOOL, CIIKSHIRE.—Moderate Fees. Illustrated Prospectus from Head master.

(JNIYERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A 3108 T SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR Boys. W. HIINDERSON. M.A., Principal,

SA.XONHOLMR. QOUTH PRO:MIAMI, ST. ANNRS.— BOARDING SCH3OL FOR GIRLS. Illustrated Pro- spectus on application.—Principals, the Hisses ASHBRRNER.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Atbiral.

1/11(116. STOP-COUGH will cure the worst Cough or Cold; it never fells. it. lid. per bottle from B.oAKers, 1, Bond et., Weymouth.

FOR ONE MONTH ONLY, AT S. H. JORDAN'S,

PICTURE FRAMER & FINE ART DEALER,

135, BRIDGE STREET, WARRI,N G rox.

EVERY ARTICLE GREATLY REDUCED,

SEE WINDOW FOR BARGAINS.

i?ottrs, IMoros, Zoartitita estabs

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO W LODE/ATM HILL, ALSO AT 70 a n, HUSTON EQUAHIL Ma COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QTYIRT: CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ABBR YT WITH. THE BELLE PUS HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One -

*Ace of the cheapest and most comfortable Family Rotel§ In Wake. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee doom and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 2 guineas per week, or Els. per day. according to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from be. lable d'Hote at 6.5; o'clock For TARIFFS an„ apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
Olonev

VINANCIS auSOCIATION is prepared to receive deposit .12 from £6 upwards, at 5,6, 7. and 10 per cent., accord- ing to notice. Paid quarterly.—Address K. G. Trtotanow, 17, Briggate, Leeds.

70 PL MOUTH GROVN, MANCHESTEIL-CASH ACCOMMODATION £3 to £5OO. Interest 4s. in the El. Any distanee.—Appiy, MANAGER.

JOHN FLECTOHKit is prepared to advance .£5 to CI R 1,030 day of applioation,to all bona fide applicants, on Promissory note only. Cash advanced on deeds, shares, or any kind of collateral security. Most reasonable terms to suit borrowers. Town or country. All transactions strictly private. Letters promptly answered—JOWLY FLISTCHER, Market Buildings, I.7.Tboinas at., Shudebill, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
CHANGE OP ADDRESS.

rrEIE WIDNES INVESTMENT AND BANKING 1 COMPANY, LIMITED, Desire to NOTIFY THEIR CLIENTS that the Warrington Branch Office has been transferred from 21, Mersey street to

39, LEIGH STREET, WARRINGTON. OFFICE Hnußs :—MONDAY 4 To 7 P.M.

NO PRELIMINARY FRES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (NOT LESS THAN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 20 years the total amoantjilent brfitbe undersigned

EXCEEDED £1,250,000 I He bas received hundreds of unsol'clted letters of thanks, and kiss annually, for the past eight years, issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,030 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, M&NCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

- LOANS GRANTED DAILY, ANY DISTANCE, FROM £5 TO £l/000 FOR ANY IMMEDIATE WANT, Hunan:as OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simple promissory note No fines. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. All applications Immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN CO., HEAD OFFICE: 9, CORPORATION ST., MANCHES TER

£5, £7, £lO, MO, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS, EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWER, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT ON TEE CENTRAL BTAIION. MA.tt LGICR JOHN E. GOOD WIN. .B.—Established at this A,Linst Twenty Years.

10(0M .£3 AND UPWARD-. DONT FAIL TO .1.• GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN lINGLaND. £3 repayable 1s 64 weekly £2O repayable 7s 63 weekly. IES 2. Ocl „ £5O „ 17863 „ £lO „ 30 64 „ £lOO , 39.63 „ FOr STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- ildence to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANLGERFP9, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. }lnnis, 9 am to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTICRS PROMPTLY ATTE ^TORO TO. ESTABLISHED ()Vali FORTY YHA Rs. THE NATIONAL LOAN SOCIETY is expressly established and registered pursuant to Act of Parliament to snake private advance. without loan office formalities to all classes (male or female) tram _ _

, £5 TO 1,4,14000. oN SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE Ti) REPAY for any immediate want to start in business, furnish your house, to pay rent or rates or for any private use. The advance can be paid back by easy instalments or can remain out from one to five years by paying the interest only. Having a large capital always ready for investment, we can lend quickly and cheaply. Distance no object. Interest and re- payments lowest in Raglan i or Wales, The money is advanced at applicant's own house if required, thus saving them the trouble and expense of a journey. Strict privacy and straightforward dealings guaranteed. It will cost you nothing, it will save you pounds by applying either person- ally or by letter for our free prospectus to the NATIONAL LOAN SOCIETY, 41, CORPORATION ST.,MiIhiCHIHSTKIi or to our district of6:,•e, 82, MILL Sr., CREWE.

AbVANCES £.3 TO £5OO.—DuN'T PAY FKK6 As those Offices who ask for fees,wlll only pocket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO SURIITIII3 REQUIRED. NO Rai PICT- ABLE APPLICATION refuse i. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFOKWA.GD dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply and be convitr.ed to the—Manager, J. CALVERT. °LAUGHTON CHAMBERS,[, °LAUGHTON TREET opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. HELENS.

f 4 £lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £SO.—ADVANCE o,eo MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT on NOTH of HAND ALONE,

SPECIAL TERMS FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit male by our Manager on same day o application who will grant you the money AT ONCE satisfactory. NOTE:

THE BRADFORD ADVANCE Co., 69, HAYDOCK STREET NEAR THE MAREST PLACE EARLESTO PM.

NO FEES I NO PINES I NO PUBLICITY .23 AND UPWARDS ADVANCRD DAILY in STRICT/CST PRIVACY to all respectable House holders. Tradespeople, Farmers, and all persons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, on simple promis- sory note only," at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit pliciasses. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to TRH ORES HIECH ADVANOR CO., 25, Cairo- street, Sankey-street. Warrington ; also ..t 16, Greenwood. street, Altrineham. Head Office : 59, Brunswick-street, Hightown, Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

Air ONEY ! M ONEY ! ! MONS V!! ! TO £lOOO. 1. To each and everyone a hearty invitation is offered before going elsewhere to call or write to me in otnlldence and convince yourself that mine is the lowest I tterest and lowest rate of renayment in England. The entire °haute. £5 to repay £5 63. Od, £lO to repay RI?. Os, Od. £2O ~ £24 0. Od. £4O £4B Os. Oct. Larger sums proportionately. No ona-11,le application refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once to J. JI3NItIINGS, Manager ',private house), 9. ACADEMY ST.. WARRINGTON. No delay. Strictest privacy whether business done or not. Cash delivered no day of application Distance no object.

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CH ETER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums or from £lO to £l.OOO ON SIMPLII PROMISSORY NOTE. pAR TIE ts wishiorg for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATh OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY , THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING I OYES A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROWER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAX EN UNLESS AGREED, I AND THE TRANSACTIONS Allg NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER CH GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEETION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative mill call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own homes or places of business. My fair dealiog and reasonable charges are widely known nd my reputation stands unrivalled

PRINTER*, LiTHWRAPHIMS, BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, Ac., EXAMINER OFFICE,

===== 0002601_19050218_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
2 ALWAYSrRgEID. McDOUGALL'S Pategt SELF-RAISING FLOUR The Examiner, Saturday, February 18, 1905.

main path up to the Miimmelsee, and he crawled under its lee. He had, lain in his dry hiding-place for perhaps five minutes, listening to the swish of the rain as it beat upon the ground, when an iron-shod foot grated on a rock. Turning his head, Lincoln saw an ill-looking fellow, in the characteristic dress ' a the Black Forest peasant, advancing with =Alen along the lateral track. His rough coat was turned up at the collar as a defence from the beating rain ; his eyes scouted to right and left ; he walked like a man limiting a trail. Lincoln lay close, and was not deteeted. The fellow passed out of sight. A. minute later, there came to the watcher's ears the melancholy hoot of an owl ; and instantly be was seized with a curious sense of foreboding. He was uneasily impressed by the stealthy movements of the peasant who had passed him, and was in the act to rise and ohlow noiselessly, when again he heard the sound of a. footstep. From his lair, he saw an- other man go by—a peasant too, with a coarse, brutal face, and a thickset frame. This one walked boldly. with no' attempt at concealment and it flashed into the watcher's mind that the first had been a scout to see that the way was clear. Lincoln waited a minute, then ruse, and followed cautiously. The rain was ceasing ; shafts of sunshine were again piercing the clouds ; a refreshing, aromatic scent of pine tilled the air. The young artist put aside the thought of the Milinmelsee. determi to follow to its end this new adventure. The narrow path curved among high rocks, and Lin • coin feared, if be advanced too fast, to treed upon the heels of his quarry. Presently the ended, and the path ran .straight through thicket of young pines, closely planted. The vista made by the cutting in the trees was blocked by something so strange that Lineoln paused, and drew a quick breath of astonishment. The men he was tracking were nowhere to he seen ; but at the moment this made little im- pression upon his mind, so occupied was he with the amazing thing that filled the daylight iipac at the end of the green tunnel through the trees. For an instant he recalled Sinbad the Sailor, -and the gigantic roc : for the thing that be saw re- sembled a huge bird poised to begin a flight. Skeleton wings, clothed with diaphonoua fabric, were outstretched motionless ; where the hire's body should be, was a light cage, with what looked like the figure of a wan; and to the watcher's ears there seemed to come the regular beating of an engine. Astonished greatly, Lin- coln hurried on down the cutting in the wood. The path was perhaps a quarter of a mile long, and he had gone but half the distance when the vast wings stirred, and beat the air with quick, powerful strokes. The bird rose a little way into the air ; there was a monstrous snorting :Ind whirring, and the huge thing was triivehlintz rapidly away from him. Lincoln darted forward at a run. At the abrupt edge of the clink wood, he pulled up, seized with a sudden bewilderment. A curi- ous scene spread before his eyes. He found him- self at the upper edge of a narrow V-shaped val- ley, scooped out among the mountains by a glacier-chisel of the dim past. The bottom was fiat, and bore a growth of rich grass ; the sides ascended at a steep angle up to the pine-clad heights. Half wax down, perhaps a mile from where lie stood, was a substantial timber house. These things Lincoln noted in a flash, scarce knowing that he saw them ; for all the energies of his mind were concentrated on the strange phenomenon that was happening in the valley- bed.

seized him by the throat. He dii not like aban- doning the soientifie rules of fighting, but this was no time for nicety. He squeezed his B,4sail- ant's hairy throat, till his red-rimmed eves hulged in their sockets, and his breath gurgled' kertur- ously, then ceased. Tile other ruffian wat4:1,431 with pale ebeehs,

ono hana heM to his In. would,o to ptimolot, coinage to renew the at hick ; and jiist had mastered his comrade, he turned to 11111. liii the avenger was at'his hcels. With a shout Lin- coln relew-ed his victim, who fell crashing to I 1,.• floor, and leapeii after the coward who wt;al.l have escaped. 'lliere was a Oit)rt : 1•10.. the brute had huciul-punishment enough .14 sur- rendered at discretion. Smut cli - the ii cii from a window HMO, Lincoln bu ond him hands twil feet, while Mr. Vaughan, !having from his chair. did the :quite man by the nucensei....us man on the floor. _

"Leave these to me," cried Vaughan ; " I have a revolver here," and he produeed it from a drawer. "_Find my daughter !" Lineuln had not needed the command. He rushed along the passage that led to the kitchen, found a looked door, whit.)l he 111 he down with it vigorous kink, and saw Selma, hound to a heavy table, • her open mouth cruelly, gagged with a coarse red handkerchief thrunt het ween her and knotted behind her head. • From over it her agonised eyes gleamed starlike. At the night .cf Linvo!ii they lighted with relief. He undid the gag. • i " My father ?" she gasped, with the first deep draught of unimpeded breath. _ " Safe : quite snfe." • " And thee un ?" She idauldered. _ _ .

" Tliey'ro right" muttered Lincoln, struggling to govern au unruly tongue. Sud- denly the sinews Of his knees grew weak as water. and with Selina' star-like eyes shining on him through deepening purple shadows, he fell into unconseieusnEss. • * * * * * * *

When life began again for Clive Lincoln, he met a pair of friendly blue eyes smiling into They seemed oddly familiar ; so did the tunic faced with eilver.

" Ach ! My friend. You did not get as far as the Miimmelsee after all ?" It was the officer who bad stopped him on the road. Lincoln smiled back again. " What's up ?" be asked. " I feel strangely weak. Why ! in bed !" _

It was Selma who came out from the shadows of the curtains, and talked to him sweetly irl her cooing cot tralto, that seemed to bring with it strength and peace. "You have been very brave and good, Mr. Lincoln. and we thank von with all our hearts—

Close to where he gtood was a platform of wood, whence extended a . double lino. of . rails,

which ran the whole length of the vale' dimin- ishing to a perspective point in the distance. Alongside were tall posts at regular intervals, with horizontal and transverse wires, the whole much resembling the 'arrangements for electric tramways to be seen in large cities. Racing :long this avenue of wire was the great bird, which Lincoln had seen from the other side of the wood. Its extended Wings beat the air with strong, plunging strokes' and marcellons to see,. the body of he bird was lifted in the air, several feet above the tramway, so that the upper wires alone appeared to prevent the ponderous creature from soaring into the skies as high as the moun- tain-tops. As Lincoln watched this extraordinary sight, the bird reached a point midway down the val- ley, and just opposite the house. Suddenly some- thing seemed to go wrong. One of the wings failed, drooped, stopped ; the bird turned side- ways, and with a clatter of metal collapsed help- less on the rails. Lincoln bounded forward again with the vague idea of rendering assistance to the speck of a human being, who, from his cage, had seemed to direct this sky-threatening portent. He ran fast, and was close upon the wreck of the machine, when he became aware that a girl had darted down from the balcony of the house, and was racing him to the scene of the disaster. With a sidelong glance he could study her as she ran obliquely to his own path. Tall, slight, clothed all in amber-yellow, she moved with the elastic freedom of a doe—her clear-cut face pale, some tendrils of dark hair escaping, and floating on the wind. Their speed was timed so that they met at the ruin of the collapsed bird. Entangled in a mesh of metal, where a vicious little engine still whitred helplessly, lay an elder- ly man, with fine, distinguished features, and the air of a scholar. He smiled up at the girl as she bent over him ; but his delicately-formed lips twitched with a mortification he could not wholly conceal. " Father ! Father !" came the appeal, as she put her hand in his : " you are not hurt ?" " Little, if at all, my darling," was the reply. " Only the engine is pressing down my leg." " Let me help you, said Lincoln, stepping forward. The girl appeared to see him for the arst time, so full had been her mind of her father's danger. The old man looked up at him with a delightful and undiminished dignity. Lincoln tack a good grasp of the engine; putting out his strength, he lifted it so that the prisoner could get free, then silently proffered further aid. The girl, her large eyes still wide and startled, supported her father on the other side. " Sir," said the old gentleman, turning to Lincoln, " you have come at the moment of my , defeat, but mark me, I shall conquer yet !" A vision rose before his eyes ; the hand that rested on Lincoln's arm twitched and thrilled. " Of course, father !" cried the girl; "every- thing was going splendialy. One more trial, and you will succeed. lam certain of it ! But now my tamer ana e. 'on seven our elves. Acne come to the house, and let me nurse you.,, you fainted, I ran out to get help, while father The inventor first bent to his machine, stopped watched over the prisoners with his revolver. I the engine, brought together the broken ends a met the soldiers going to their billets at the inn ; the metal ribs that formed one wing of the great the manoeuvres were over for the day. I told the bird; then hobbled to the house, leaning on colonel what had happened, he kindly permitted Lincoln and his daughter. At the foot of the the Herr Lieutenant to bring some soldiers to stairs that led up to the balcony, he insisted that guard the prisoners, and the surgeon has hand- Lincoln should come in and stay to luncheon, aged your wound. He will come again to-mor- The girl supported her father's invitation, and row morning to see you. He says—l hope he for the first time Lincoln looked into her eyes. tells us the truth l—there is no danger- only that They were dark as the forest border, deep as a you must rest a little while." She clasped her mountain tarn that reflects the indigo of heaven. hands together. • Her unclouded smile came softly as dawn, and " Oh, that's all right, I'm sure," said Lincoln. the young artist, who loved beauty, bowed before "I could get up now. I'm afraid I'm giving her you a lot of bother." When the master of the house was at rest in " You should be a Prussian," said the lienten- an easy chair, it was explained to Lincoln that ant heartily, in German. " What ! Face two the servants of the house were away for the day, burly brutes like those, with naked knives, and having gone down early in the morning to see their overcome them !" friends, at Ottenhefen ; and it was Selma herself * e * * * * * * (for so her father addressed her) who laid the When Clive Lincoln did at last see the Mum- cloth and prepared the meal. Meanwhile the in znelsee, he did not see it alone ; for Selina walked ventor introduced himself as Angelo Vaughan. up with him, "to help him," she said, as lie an Englishman, who had ten years ago retired was not yet strong enough to go alone. But to this remote place to give up his life to per- though be took his materials he made no sketch. fecting a flying-machine, which should revolu- Selma's eyes were better worth study than the tionise the world. He had first seen the valley dark, romantic lake ; and on its margin, with the when on a walking tour, had recognised its use- tossing pines above them, lie won the love of a fulness for his purpose, had rented the land, and girl more beautiful than any of the maidens who had never since stirred beyond it. The exp.eri- sported in the deep waters in the picture his meet which Lincoln had seen was the calmina- mother used to show him. tion of ten years of incessant thought and labour. The two ruffians, well known as desperate " And it was a failure !" lie added plaintively, poachers, who had planned to rob the house of throwing out his hands. " But whew is Selma f the rich and eccentric Englishman on the day of Luncheon should be ready. Will you be so good, the manceuvres (when no one would be at hand to Mr. Lincoln, as to go out and see where she is hinder them) were brought to trial, and received I am afraid I cannot go myself, for my leg is exemplary sentences. Clive Lincoln and Selma painful, and would not let cue walk." were married in a month, and continued to make Gladly Lincoln rose. He had reached the door their home in the house of the inventor, aiding leading to the kitchen, whet, as his band touched and consoling him in all his attempts to solve the the latch, the door was flung violently open. He I problem of aerial flight. Lincoln's collection of leaped back to find himself confronting the pictures of the scenery of the Black Forest two men who, an hour before, lie lind tracked into brought him money and fame when they were the Talley. In all the excitement since, be had exhibited in far-away Bond Street • and though forgotten them till now. Each had a knife in his there were several offers from well known buyers /tiled ; their eyes flashed murder. They were for the largest picture which had the place of clearly disconcerted at finding themselves face to honour, it was announced that this was not to be face with it young man, but after an instant's sold. It was it poetic study of a girl standing by uneertain pause. they rushed at him fogul her. It the edge of the Mfitnmelsee. The skilful treat- was lucky for Clive Lincoln at that moment, lin -I meat of the lighting, and the exquisite beauty of lucky for the two Germans, that lie bail studied the maiden's face, captivated every beholder. the Englislimma's art of eelf-defence. Up went Sut the picture was not for sale because the art- hie fists, and before you emit(' (emit three, his let valued it above all gold. It embodied the left had dashed like a catapult full on the bearded great romance of his life. mount :;;.' the nearest ruffian. Lincoln's knuckles spurted crimson ; the astoeielied Gernein :Tut- tered out blood tied teeth, and fell back cholz;iitz ALLEGED SACRILEGE. Mary O'Toole, a St. Helens woman, was remanded at amid cursing, jogging his companion's tirun, and the police inadvertently turning aside a fierce blow of the court on IVlonday on a charge of stealing two candlesticks from an altar at Holy Cross Catholic knife aimed at Lincoln's heart. The blade rattled Church en Saturday morning. against his ribs, instead of sinking between them ; and the pain, the sickly flow of blood in- side his shirt, roused the Englishman to a white heat of fury. Before the second enemy could re- cover from his _vicious nlunice. Lincoln had

; 2. ;

a large coniregation. Mr. John Taylor, L.D.S , pre- aided, and expressed the great pleasure it afforded him so be present, and esnecially to welcome Mr. Harbottle, an old friend %s 110 WAS a minister of the circuit at the time when he (Mr. Taylor) was a circuit steward. The LECTURER, who had a hearty reception, said it was sometimes desirable in giving a lecture not to have known the man, inasmuch as if he did not present a correct portrait no one would be aware of the fact. In the case of a contemporary like Peter Mackenzie, who was so well known, it was absolutely necessary to pre- sent a recognizable portrait. No man was more a "child of nature ' than Mackenzie, and certainly if he could express a wish he would like to be pictured just as he was, with all his peculiar characteristics. Mr. Har- bottle then dealt with Mackenzie's early life, his hard up-bringing, his work for years as a farmer's boy, during which period he learned things that helped him in after-life both in practical benevolence and in the striking figures of speech with which he was accustomed to delight his audiences. Having alluded to Mackenzie's life as a miner, which commenced when he was twenty years of age, and to his conversion which took place under the guidance of a distinguished Wesleyan layman, the lecturer pictured some of Mackenzie's work as a Sunday school teacher, a local preacher, and a missionary to the miners of the North, following him in the three stages through which, as a rule, men passed into the Wesleyan ministry. Incident- ally the lecturer mentioned that they owed Mackenzie's preservation for Methodism to the Church of England. Soon after his conversion Mackenzie was desirous of going abroad and some friends went to the Vicar of the neighbourhood in order to get his emigration papers signed. When the Vicar found they were Methodists he would have nothing to do with the matter, so that the Churchlof England which gave them John Wesley— and they would never be able to repay her for that— gave them Peter Mackenzie, the miner's apostle, also. (Applause.) The lecturer then gave personal reminis- cences of his own association with Mackenzie and his knowledge of him. In the North of England, Mackenzie was chiefly instrumental in bringing about a great revival of religion, particularly in the Gateshead cir- cuit, and at that time he gave him (Mr. Harbottle) his ticket of trial of membership. It was a strange audience which he was accustomed to gather. All classes of people, men who never darkened the door of a place of worship, were there— drawn by the wonderful preaching of Mackenzie, and I where he failed to arrest them and bring them to a re- ligious life, his brilliant 'colleague who became his biographer—Mr. Dawson—succeeded, and won many for Christ. Mackenzie's power as an evangelist evidently declined from thetime when he becamea public lecturer and some would hold that his lecturing was a mistake It was, however, to be remembered that his lectures were really sermons, and certainly it was no little achievement to have raised yearly for a considerable period £5,675 by that means for the help .of weak and a struggling causes. He was an amazing lecturer, and born dramatist. His energy was boundless, his flashes of wit were always surprising, and all minglad with bursts of amazing eloquence. The judgment of every-

the most unlikely people, drunkards, swearers, ill-livers of all kinds had been brought to God. As an outcome, Peter." The lecturer then gave a series of men were living purer and better lives. It was testified realistic pictures from Mackenzies lectures, which, on all hands that the effect of the revival was very great. he said, were peculiarly Mackenzie's own, just as the Publicans were doing less business, the magistrates "Pilgrims' Progress " was John Bunyam'a. Who that had little to do the office of the policeman was a heard them could ever forget them, and who could sur- sinecure ; tradesmen were recovering their bad debts : pass him in graphically portraying them? Mackenzie feuds and quarrels were being settled. Two things occupied a place among the great preachers of differentiated the AVelsh movement from the revivals of Methodism as distinct as Sammy ,Hicks, Billy Dawson, the past. One of them was the agent. As a rule reviv- and Bradburn in one department; ores Bunting, Newton, als had come down upon us from ahoy% in a sense •, that and Punshon in another. Who should attempt the task Of was, they had originated with scholars, divines,and men determining whether he or they were the greatest? of striking personality. That was true of the Reforma- When they thought of his early days, his hard up-bring- tion and of the Methodist revival, and although Moody ing, his defective education, his years of toil in the could not be said to have been a great scholar, he was field and his late entrance into the ranks of the ministry, a man of most striking personality. But in this case it they felt that in him there was a force that could have was witnessed of Evan Roberts, the humble instrument won his way up to the front rank in almost any walk of the Welsh revival, that he was not a man of life. Peter Mackenzie, the converted miner, was the of striking personality, that he had comparatively little best known Methodist preacher of his time. He had a education, and he was not a great minister of the reputation far beyond the limits of his own Church and Gospel. What did all that indicate but that the move- it was not too much to say that when he died there was meat must be a work of God? 'lt was constantly a widespread, almost national mourning that none but a deplored that this was an age of mediocrity—that the man of the first rank would have caused. (Applause.) great men at the bar, in Parliament, and the pulpit were The thanks of the meeting to the Chairman and now conspicuous by their absence. Was not God now Lecturer were heartily accorded on the motion of the showing the churches a better way? He was showing Rev. G. 11. CARNSON. that instead of one outstanding figure of eminence in In responding the Rev. G.HARBOTTLE expressed with the Church,an ordinary man, a miner's blacksmith, if he what great pleasure he had visited the old scenes again. put himself in His hands could do the work of great men (Applause.) Ilugh Price Hughes thought that "if you capture During the evening selections were given in admit- London you would from London capture the world for able style by the Silver-street Juvenile Prize Choir Christ"; but just as of old Jerusalem and Rome were under the conductorship of Mr. B. Wadsworth. captured from Bethlehem, so it seemed likely to be God's method that from an obscure village like Loughor a movement might origin which might even capture the cities of the world. Another feature that differentiated the movement from past revivals was the freedom, LOST MEMORY CASE. spontaniety, and variety of the services. Preaching was Information was received at St. Helens, on Monday nil, in fact ministers had told him that they had not preached a sermon for months. ere was a great deal morning that Mr. George Plows, ironmonger, of 53, Church-street, St. Helens who had been missing from of singing, praying, arid testifying, and although to an his home for over a week had been found near Oxford. Englishman in the .midst of one of the revival meetings , Mr. Plows had lost his memory, and is understood to be there, st first seemed a lot of confusion and disorder, in hospital. yet when he was able to follow the ser- vices there was a unity as if the meet- ings were presided over by someone—an invisible presence was in the meeting. The preacher closed by asking his hearers how they could obtain advantage Fels-Naptha from the revival. The statement was made that when the Russian fleet passed through the Red Sea the ripple from the ships was felt faraway, upon the shores of the Moneyback goes with thrift. sea of Japan. The influence of the Welsh revival was being widely felt to-day. The movement was going on Fels-Naptha :no copper fire; no in different parts of England and he appealed to the congregation to give themselves to Christ and be ready boiling; half rubbing; half damage captivated to take advantage of the revival should it move in their direction, to clothes; half mending; two or The choir very creditably rendered the anthems "Jesus, the very thought of Thee" and" Abide with me" three times the money and comfort, A-901.w at the morning and evening services respectively,Mr.B. Wadsworth presiding at the organ, so far as clothes are concerned. Lecture ou " Peter Mackenzie." On Monday evening the Rev. G. Harbottle delivered Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C a lecture on" Peter Mackenzie " in the Church, before •

' • •

CALL RIGIng ilEsnitTED.]

===== 0002601_19050218_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL ItIOIITS BESIZEIVICO.]

THE WAY TO A MYSTERY,

C. N. Ama A. M. WILLIAMSON,

(AlitAcre of " The Woman in Grey," 4-e.)

The fuel( r Clive Lincoln walked, the strange; did it seem to him that he met no one on Oaf road. The swelling green valley between tli4 mountains was populous with a picturesquely. dressed peasantry ; and in the three or four timber-built villages through which he had passed since leaving Ottenhofen, he had seea women working in the fields, men striking- iron in the forges, or sawing fragrant pine trunks in the saw mills. But as 80011 as he went beyond the limits of the villages, he left human life be- hind him. He moved in At great empty land-

scape. This was the first time that Clive Lincoln had trod a German road, and his spirit thrilled with the sense of the new and the unexpected. At twenty- five the o ()rid is wonderfully fresh and surpris- ing; and the young man carried all his fottune in his eyes and on ilifi back, where was bung a folding easel, an artist's stool and a. box of col- ours. Already he had made a striking success with a " one-man exhibition" in Bond Street, of water colours of Devonshire scenery ; on the money that this had brought hint lie was under- taking his first journey to the continent. bent,,on painting the Black Forest. The Black Forest ! There was witchery in the very words, the glamour of poetry, of legend, of romance. One of Lincoln's earliest recollections was a picture of the liftimmelsee, which his mother used to show him in an early Victorian volume of steel engravings. A group of maidens sporting in the waters of a dine, pin-fringed lake were rushing to shelter as a great giant with Jove-like hair and enormous spreading arms, rose dripping from the depths. The boy had never tired of looking at the picture, and hearing from his mother the legend of the spirit of the tliim- melsee, and he had determined that the first pic- ture painted by him in Germany should be of the magic scene which had thrilled his childish im- agination. He had travelled direct from Lor- d= to the little village of Ottenhofen, and on this, the first morning after his arrival, was has- tening up into the high fastnesses of the mount- :sins to find the fairy lake. From a great distance came a strange, dull roar, like thunder —such thunder as he had never heard in England ; thunder that was curiously rythmical, seeming to issue simultaneously from opposite quarters of the compass. Lincoln lis- tened wonderingly, turning his head this way and that, looking up into the clouds ; and at last he set down the odd effect to some freakish echo, which, in mountain lands plays fantastic tricks, tossing a sound from side to side until it wearies, and lets it drop in silence. He swung on at a quick walk, his iron-shod stick of oak ring- ing musically on the road in unison with his steps. The winding way led ever upward. He was leaving the green-clad slopes and was mounting to a laud of barren rock. slopes, he met no human being—not a labourer at work; no creaking ox-team ; not a tourist. He had the great, green, blowing world to himself, and walk- ing all alone in these wide, unfamiliar solitudes, even though it was broad day, a little chill crept Into his heart. _

Suddenly he glanced up in surprise; for on a knoll above the road, he spied the figure of a tall man, clad all in blue, who stood erect, motion- less, like a sentinel. It was too far to discern the details of his dress, but Lincoln caught a gleam of silver streaking the blue, and a hint of tossing feathers crowning a burnished head-dress. The face was towards him, but the head thrown back, carried the man's glance upwards over Lincoln to the mountain tops, and where the eyes should have been, there goggled two great, black discs. As he advanced, the figure on the hill-side began to resolve itself into its component parts. The blue became tunic and trousers ; the gleam of silver, facings on the coat ; the tossing feathers, a plume upon a helmet ; the goggling discs, tbe lenses of a pair of field glasses held to the eyes by black-gloved bands : Lincoln was gazing at a Prussian officer.

The grating of his nailed boots on the road was carried by a sudden flow of wind to the soldier's ears ; he abruptly lowered his glasses, and dropping his chin, stared frowningly down. The young Englishman looked calmly back at him. A flash of resentment lit the frank Teutonic eyes. With an angry wave of the gloved hand. the officer signed to Lincoln to halt. The imperi- ous gesture was unmistakeable; but the Eng- lishman ignored it and kept on at his steady four miles an hour. _ _

A red spot glowed suddenly on each cheek of the Prussian. Holding himself very stiffly, he shouted a peremptory command in staccato Ger- man. The intention was clear, but the precise purport of the words was lost on Lincoln, whose knowledge of the tongue of the Fatherland was slight. With a wave of the hand, he kept to his stride. Why should an Englishman stay upon his road because a Prussian officer chose to shout rudely at him from a hill-aide ? The officer's face reddened allover. For an in- stant he seemed undetermined; next moment he was bounding down the slope, his scabbard clanking metallically on the rocks. Taking a diagonal path, he leaped upon the road, and placed himself directly in Lincoln's way. In a gut.ural torrent, he poured out angry words. The Englishman listened intently, but could separate only two sounds—" manoeuvres " and " artillery." A light struck into his mind. He knew that the manoeuvres of the German army are carried out on a great scale, and as far as possible under conditions of actual war. He re- membered now that at intervals, on the road he had travelled, on the sides of houses awl barns, lie had seen official-looking papers posted up ; he recalled the sound of the rhythmical thunder over which he had puzzled. Things were clearer now, and he no longer wondered at the empty road. When the angry officer stopped his excited speech, Lincoln looked him in the eyes, and said simply, in his best German : "I am an Eng- lishman : I regret that I cannot quite under• stand you." The Prussian stared his wonder, and modified ids truculence. "I am a painter," went on Lin. oln ; " I wish to go to the Miinamelsee." The other broke again into voluble talk. He rinted up to the mountain tops, where the sound o the rhythmical thunder still reverberated ; he waved a band down the road ; another upwards , then described a circle in the air with both ; arit ended triumphantly with the word " verboten." Lincoln divined that the soldier was indicating the limits of the manoeuvring area, within which no one was allowed; but he did not choose to under- stand. Stolidly he said again : " I wish to go to the Miimmelsee." The Prussian grew. warm. He looked bewil- dered, then let loose once more a flood of words. Lincoln waited politely until he had finished; then, " I must go to the Miiminelsee," he said, politely. The officer bit a desperate lip, and looked quickly up and down the road. " Then go, and may the devil take you I" was the broad inter- pretation that Lincoln placed upon kis next em- phatic speech. With this, he turned on his heel, and ran back to his spot of observation on the hill. The Englishman smiled, and strode away. Turning at a bend of the road, he saw the erect blue figure, rigid as he had first spied it, with the field-glasses to the eyes. Half an hour later, a thousand feet higher, and right among the mist, he found an inn at a point where four roads met—a curiously silent inn, with no open welcoming door. He pushed his way into an empty parlour, waking a sleeping landlord, who stared at him open-mouthed, with a loose, hanging lip. ,Lineoln called for beer. The landlord eyed him wonderingly, demanding Itow he catne there. "By the road, of course. I came from Otten- h6fen. '

The wirtli flung up his hands. " But the road is closed," he said. " The manoeuvres are on. Not a soul is allowed to pass. Did not the picket stop you? You Jee my house is empty. No ono travels to-day No one iu allowed to pass !" " Yet I am here," paid Lincoln, smiling, and a little amused. " Lusk at Ibis !" He drew his passport from his pocket, and unfolding it under the other'. rr'.. for.finirer on the red sixpenny stamp, then slid it to the signature, " Salisbury." "So —o—o !•' ejaculated the landlord, under- standing nothing of it, but believing that lie had to deal with an important personage. Si) he served his foaming beer as if he were waiting on a Prince. With narvinl directions as to the path, Lincoln started again op the narrow mountain track that led to the lonely heights where the Miimmelsee slept among its guardian pines. The mist lightened, and a watery gleam of sunshine pierced like an arrow shaft through its woolly thickness. Then the sun retreated again, and a drizzle began, changing quickly to pelting sheets of rain. Looking round for shelter, Lin- coln caw an overhanging rock, at the entrance to _narrow lateral track that led elVelf_ bele the

===== 0002601_19050218_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
, . .

REV. GEORGE HARBOTTLE AT BEWSEY ROAD,

Sermon on the Welsh Revival.

1 The Rev. George Harbottle, of Dunstable, whose work lin the Warrington circuit some years ago gained for I him the cordial esteem of local Wesleyan Methodists, 1 I was the preacher at flewsey-road Wesleyan Church on 1 1 Sunday on the occasion of special services in connection 1 I with the Wesley Guild. Many friends of the rev. gentle- 1 I man availed themselves of the opportunity of hearing him again, and there was a large congregation at each service. In the evening Mr. Harbottle preached on ' "The Welsh revival," having recently visited South Wales to see something of the effects of the wonderful movement. He selected for his text the words -0 I Lord, revive Thy work." Habakuk 111., 2. and observed that the prayer of this ancient prophet had been repeated bv successive generations of Christian menand women. It now seemed as if God were answering the petition, certainly in Wales, and the revival movement which had commenced in Wales one hoped weuld spread ito England and, as Evan Roberts believed, would over- run the world. It might be of advantage to ask what 1 there was akin in the Welsh movement to the great revivals of the past, and what slifferentiated it from them. The origin of the movement was pretty well I known. A man who had given himself to prayer and who was deeply impressed and troubled at the failure of Christiantiy, became burdened in spirit. The word of God came home to him ; there was fire in his bones; and 1 he felt as if he had got a message from above. There I was nothing in that which had nat been seen before. A German monk who took his vocation more setio.usly than others received a special revelation from God • he began to preach with a new accent; his words were half battles and the Reformation was born and in a brief time spread over half Europe. The same happened in the case of the Evangelical revival. A few under- -graduates at Oxford gave themselves to prayer; were marked by their fellow-students for their earnestness, and nick-named Methodists. The people who liked things to be done "decently and in order" closed the pulpits of the Established Church to them, but they could not be silent. They preached in the open air with i" the heavens for a sounding board "and the Methodist 1 revival was born. The Welsh revival was like the old revivals in the simplicity of the preaching. There was an atmosphere in the movement which seemed to kill I the ordinary sermon. Arguments about the truth lof Christianity and the credibility of this or that i seemed entirely out of place and an offence. The gospel I which was preached in the revival was the simple Gospel of the love of God to all men, the sacrifice of the Cross, the possibility of instantaneous i conversion the possibility of a wen knowing that his i sins were forgiven, and the joyousness of deliverance ; from the thraldom of sin. Under tais kind of preach- ing people were converted in Wales as elsewhere, and

===== 0002601_19050218_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HUMAN H AND,

"CARMEN SYLVA "

(ELM. THE QUEEN OF ROUMANIA) (Author of" A Bounzanian Vendetta," V.).

The hand is the link between man and man it signs the pledge of every social bond, its synt holism plays an important part in all the lune. tions of public life—whether it be as the priest- ly hand, uplifted in solemn benediction, or a the silent witness to spoken words When raise on high to testify to/the sanctity of an oatl Clasped hands are the emblem of the &lima of nations as of individuals • the frank grasp the hand is the token of fuel friendship ; outstretched hand, the sign of welcome • the • conoiliation which puts an end to a bitter !ft long feud is attested by the simple action joining !hands. Man's • instinctive homage to woman is never better expressed than by t touch of his lips upon her hand,—the chivalrou deference to the whole sex is most fittingly sym- bolised in this simple , action. Ihe recognitio of its high import has caused numerous prover bial expressions relating to the hand to pas into our daily speech; to go through life "hen in hand " has become synonymous of the ita.• entire union in thought and deed ; we speak those who are unduly influenced by others ; having fallen " into their hands," and the es pression "to lend a hand" is equivalent to gi; Mg help in any form—not necessarily of a nia !null nature. Above all, the supreme beauty the hand—its instinctive abhorrence of the tout, that contaminates, of all base, unworthy tict„iw its shrinking from aught that might sully its native purity—is not all this admirably sintere. up inthe popular acceptation of " clean hands as the symbol of unstained honour ? This supreme significance of the hand in Kiehl intercourse has its counterpart in its important-, to the individual organism, when it serves as ; swift and sure medium of correspondence be. tween consciousness and the outer world. The physical evolution of the human race scarce re- cords an acquisition so valuable 'as that of sensitive and highly elaborated member, which has become—like speech itself—a vehicle for the rendering in concrete form of mental concep- tions, the dictates of the will, and the impres- sions of the senses. In the writteu characters it traces, thereby lending enduring form to the -hought of passing generations, in the figures it tnodels in clay or carves in imperishable marble. as in the pictures wherein by means of line al,. colour it fixes on the canvas fleeting scenes f the outer world or still fairer glimpses of the interior visioh,—in all these processes we per- ceive the band at work as the trained instru tnent—almost we might say as the conscious agent of the brain,—and the services it renders in giving objective life to the creations of the latter are indeed of incalculable worth. Nor are these services confined to the plastic arts alone,—though their action there is paramount and indispensable,—but music also, that most ethereal language of the human soul,—music itself would lose at least half of its significance And be shut out from the sphere of its most 7omplex development, had there not been be. ,towed upon us, in addition to the singing voice, the 'fingers, whose touch upon keys or strings has power to draw from their depths the hidden sweetness slumbering within. Man's noblest ideas must ,in course of time have perished, sterile and forgotten, had there been no means of recording them,—the highest flights of the :magination could never have taken shape, but for this interpreter. . . _

But it is above all in its untrained spontane- ms movements, ,in the direct and involuntary expression of strong and swift emotion, that the band's truest eloquence /lies. Races among whom the habit of gesticulation has died out can per- haps , hardly appreciate the full force of mean- ing to be conveyed in the graceful and appropri ate gestures of a pair of shapely hands. Just as :of expressive countenance may be 'likened to a mirror that reflects the hidden workings of the soul, so may every turn, every twist—nay, the merest quiver of the hand,—serve —more defi- nitely and more accurately even than the most mobile play of feature—as a revelation of each passing mood, each fleeting impulse or impreQ- ,ion. From the loving caress a light touch inf. to the fierce malediction invoked by the same fingers uplifted menacingly, is there any shade of feeling so subtle or so intense that it cannot be rendered in this mute language, which—unlike the forms of articulate speech -- is not restricted to any special branch of the human race, but is equally clear and compre- hensible to all? Can we mistake their purport, these convulsive signs of ,joy or sorrow, hope or fear,—the deprecatory or disdainful wave, the start of- surprise or nervous tremor of doubt, the rapid beating together of the palms hi acchuna. tion, the spasniOdic clenching of the fist in arger or despair ? Do they not tell their own tale, these hands, now outstretched •in eager entreaty, no thrown protectingly around some cherished object, or again silently wrung in agony, or clasped in. prayer? In their dumb show, defi- ance or scorn, wonder, horror, and remorse, are made visible to us, as it were by sel many lightning • flashes cast upon the sombre drama perpetually being enacted within the depths of the human soul. And although within the nar- row limits of our conventionalities, every strong outburst of natural feeling is so systematically repressed, that we mnst needs betake ourselves to more primitive peoples and a less artificial state cf society, in order to behold the picturesque display of uncontrollable and uncontrolled pas- sion, yet the artistic beauty and 'dramatic sin- cerity of such manifestations is amply testified to among us by the important development lent themes aids to oratory and the actor's art. Both at the tribune and on the stage appropriate ges- ture furnishes a sort of running accompaniment to speech, and much of their success who thus " shit the action to the word " is due to the persuasive power of this mute auxiliary. i Yet modern training is on the whole too much concerned with mere muscular development and too exclusively utilitarian in its tendencies to pay proper attention to the culture of this noble member; hence the finest specimens of grace and suppleness are chiefly to be found among those nations who have not yet learnt to con- sider material prosperity as the test of civilisa- tion, nor success in commercial enterprise as one of the principal factors in the same. For the beautiful slim hand, shapely and supple, we must go to the least flourishing of the Latin na- tions—the Spaniards notably, or to the Slays, the Gipsies even, and the handsomest of so- called savage tribes. Or better still, we must go back to ages that cherished and respected the nobility of the hand. It has been said that the armour worn by our ancestors in the Middle Ages affords conclusive proof of the smallness of the hands which wielded their heavy battleaxes and huge two-handled swords, and that scarce- ly in any instance would the iron gauntlet worn I by the Crusader allow entrance to his descend- ! ant's broader and clumaier hand. I think that I nowadays we pay far too little attention to the hand, in its way quite as interesting and as well worthy of study as the face, indeed often af- fording far surer indication of our thoughts. To a certain extent we can • control our faces, but how much less our hands, whose involuntary palpitations and pulsations not only betray—as thought readers " are well aware—the sensa- tions of the moment, but also give evidence of our habitual occupations. All hands have their own beauty and meaning, if rightly considered. The hand hardened by honest labour is as ad- mirable in its way as that which guides the pen or pencil, producing works destined to immor- tality. Sometimes though, innate vulgarity, successfully hidden under exterior polish in the rest of the person, is apparent in the hand alone,—sometimes even the tendency to crime. It is as if to hands like these evil clung like "the smell of the blood" that haunted the sleep of the guilty partner of Macbeth's usurped throne. .

Allusions to he supreme significance of the hand are frequent with the poets. Readers of Mrs. Igirowning's Sonnets cannot fail to recall that ffrst kiss imprinted by the lips of the poet- lover Camoens os "the fingers of this hand c!ili,e4witn I write ;" and tile Cainevere " as she swayed the rein w:th I.ainty finger-tips "is also it remembrance familiar to all. A hand like a white-wood ly;0,-solii sings another English poet in expisite while the whole dramatic action of perhaps :In. best known play of the great contemporary poet of Italy centres in the lovely hands of its lioi ine, the sculptor's wife. Oh I for the touch of a vanished band l" have all of us surely sighed at some inomellt of ol; lives. And who can think of hands, and filch' beauty and their charm, without calling to mind those that the genius of Vandyck has fixed int imperishable loveliness upon his canvas, each one of them so perfect, it would seem as if Art and Nature could go no further, the one in fur- nishing the model, the other in its pourtrayal. Heads such as these fitlY set oR in the lace

ruffles of those more relined and happier days, could belong to •none but high and noble na- tures ; the very soul of the niaormanimous, Cava- lier seems to speak ill them. That was the age of beautiful hands in Europe, and who can tell. I ask once more, how much we may have lost by the neglect that has succeeded the care and attention then bestowed on them? Alid do we value enough, or turn to sufficient account, the strange power of attraction, the magnetic forte known to emanate from certain hands, whose miraculous results have been attested at all periods and in all parts of the world,—the lay- ing on of hands, so practised in Apostolic ages, and for many centuries later, and now fallen into disuse ? _

, Who can deny that in some hands .mysterious power resides • a hypnotising force, that may be employed resides, good or. evil, and should surely often be turned to good use for, the healing of pain, for conjuring sleep ? How welcome is the gentle . touch that smooths our pillow in hours of pain and suffering, and how must the wounded and the sick ever bless the- -1,..nd and skilful hands that minister to them in tlizir need ! I was once watching the hands .ot- a great surgeon during a very difficult opera- tion, the dressing of a gunshot wound so .deep and so near to a great artery that the least slip might have proved fatal. The hands, although streaming with blood, so fascinated me with their. unerring skill cud dexterity, I could hardly take. my eyes off them, though I was busy adminis— tering chloroform to the patient, a poor yaung, wounded soldier, and, had to watch his face. very closely too, to observe its effect on him. And I thought to myself, there is something of the same pleasure in seeing these hands at work, that we experience in, watching the &Meals. handling of his • bow by the violinist, or the graceful action of a hand sweeping the strings of the harp. Nor can ever a woman's hands. however their beauty may be set forth by evers adjunct of the toilet, show to such advantage us when framed in, the coarse serge, sleeve of the Sister of Charity, whose soft touch charms away the anguish, of the deathbed she attends on, her heaven-sent mission. Each :one of these calls to aur minds the vision in the famous lines': Rose-bloom fell on her hands, together prest, And On her Silver cross soft amethyst, And on her hair a glory like a saint : She seemed a splendid angel, newly drest, Save wings, for heaven.",

No less beautiful in its way then this, the- picture of saintly hands crossed upon the bosom in prayer, is the noble attitude of classic anti- quity, the palms held up7fards outstretched to the Gods. . .

But the theme is so rich in its suggestions, these would lead us too far. .

It was while sitting 'at my typP-T,7iter that the perfection of the band as o !,I,xe of mec- hanism came upon me with redoubled force,— as I realised all the ingenuity and pains which man had expended in making an instrument after all so infinitely inferior to the correspond- ing instrument in the human frame. And I realised, too; for the first time, the incalculable speed of thought, in the appreciable fraction of time that intervenes in the transmission of that thought to the fo•ders from the brain. But the result of all rir musings was only as ever to fill me with more and more wonderment at the divine mystery of all creation, and more and more thankfulness for the blessings that in that Marvellous scheme have been so fully and free- ly bestowed upon Man.

Next Week:

===== 0002601_19050218_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
Because Couldn't Digest Stronger Food..

"Mt GREATEST !IN' GOLF," BY HORACE

(

Mr. R. H. Albery delivered a lecture on "Wireless. telegraphy and Hertzian waves" at a meeting of the Literary and Philosophical Society held in the Masonic Hall, Bold-street on Monday evening under the presid- ency of Mr. F. G. Ruddock. The lecture proved highly interesting the first part being devoted to the investiga- tions which led up to wireless telegraphy. Mr. Albery pointed out that as soon as electric telegraphy was made possible and practicable by the aid of wires we began by trying to discard the use of wires. At first two wires were used, one for the direct current and the ' other for the return current. As early as 1838 it was found possible to do away with the second wire and use the earth itself for the return current, the earth being a good conductor. The idea of a wireless telegraph appeared to have presented itself to Professor Morse in 1842, when he telegraphed across rivers by arranging wires along the banks of a river so as to cause the water itself to conduct the electricity across. Step by step Mr. Albery led up to Signor Marconi's work, dealing also with the principles involved in the special apparatus he employed and which differentiated his system from all those that had hitherto occupied our attention. The lecturer contended that'to no one man alone was due the merit of having placed a new means of signalling at ;distance within our grasp, but rather that the intelligent application of isolated dis- coveries by many scientists had enabled Marconi to perfect the system now known as " Wireless tele- graphy." Marconi did not serve his apprenticeship in the school of misery as had so many famous men. He had ample means to pursue his electrical experiments after he left the University of Bologna. At his beautiful country home he worked quietly with a few crude instru- ments, signalling from one room to another. He then erected poles on his father's cstate, and sent signals. nearly two miles. in July, 1896, Marconi, then only 22 years of age, irrived in England from Italy, bringing with him a method of sending messages across space without intervening wires. The first trials in England were made between a room in the General Post Office,. London, and an impromptu station on a roof some 100 yards distant. In 1897 he covered two miles on Salis- bury Plain, and sent messages across the Bristol channel over a distance of nine miles. Other developments were traced to the year 1900 when Marconi interchanged, signals between England and Belgium over a distance of 100 miles, and it was mentioned that during thenaval manceuvres in the summer of 1900 war vessels " talked" over distances up to 166 miles. In 1903 the first wireless message from the United States to Europe was sent by Marconi from his wireless station at Wellfleet Massachu- setts to the station in Cornwall and was addressed to the. King. Manx performances- had already been accom- plished by wireless telegraphy, principally in connec- tion with shipping, and the army and navy had also been, experimenting with a balloon as receiver. Mr. Albery had thrown on the screen a number of diagrams which he had prepared and by means of which he explained at considerable length the method of transmitting messages across the ocean. The lantern was skilfully manipu- lated by Mr. R. H. Sutton.

On the motiOn-Of-thefiev. C. HARVEY CooK,seconded by Mr. J. FULTON SMITH, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Albery. . _

1 , ' J ' , ' 's , , , ~ , ). i :01 it • 'PR >lit, .'.l P 4 441" r 41.1 If,:f A, .-' , ..

===== 0002601_19050218_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.

INTERESTING BILE BEAN CURE.

No matter of how long-standing the ailments for which Bile Beans are a cure may be, w n Bile Beans are applied those ailments gradually vanish. For the greater portion of her life, Mrs. Francis Clare, of 40, Warringten Road, Widnes, has suffered fromindigestion, headache, and allied ailments. Yet long-standing as those ailments were, Bile Beans have cured them. Here is her story :- 1 "Practically from girlhood I suffered from indiges- tion, although it was, of course, worse sometimes than at others. I was subject to racking headaches, my head seemed to go round and round, I ached all over, and every limb shook. Every time I ate or 'drank I had such a heavy feeling,and didn't want to do anything but he down. If death had come to me then I should not have minded, and many a time I prayed that I might die. I was actually afraid to eat, and often I have lived for daysat a time on nothing but bread and milk- I was treated at Welbeck Dispensary, at St. George's, Hospital, at St. Mary's Hospital, Paddington, and at Croydon Hospital, but without result. We have spent pounds and pounds on doctors, but they never gave me I any benefit. Sometimes I got relief for a day or two,. I but the pains soon returned. "The doctors didn't seem to know what was the matter with me. One said one thing and another said something else; but in spite of all their medicine I got no better. One day an insurance agent in Runcorn said that if I was suffering from indigestion I should take Bile Beans, which had cured him of that complaint. He warned me that for the first week they might make me, feel little better, but felt sure I should benefit by them in the long run. "I had no faith in proprietary medicives, and had never taken any, but I determined to follow his advice. For the first week of taking Bileßeans I felt bad, as my friend had foretold, but soon began to feel an improve- ment. From that day I never looked back. Gradually the indigestion, headache, dizziness, and other ailments were overcome. I took in all nine boxes of Bile Beans,. and they cured me completely. The Beans are worth £2O a box, and I only wish I had known of them earlier. I am pleased to let other people know how I have benefited by them." Bile Beans cure indigestion, constipation, piles, antemia, female ailments, debility,dizziness, wind, head- ache, liver complaint, biliousness, blood impurities, rheumatism, and influenza. Of all chemists, is. lid., or 2s. 9d. for box containing three times is. lid. Avoid substitutes. Bile Beans are not sold loose—only in, sealed boxes.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVED ON BREAD AND MILK.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
I The proof of the Beverage is in the Drinking. Try f: 4,4zrft van outen9 mcoa and you will not be disappointed. It is a pure cocoa with a delicious natural flavour which you cannot fail to enjoy. "Of its purity and its nutritive "For perfect purity, delicacy / value, the unanimous opinion of the of flavour, and nutritive value, Van Houten's Cocoa occupies the Medical Press is conclusive proof." foremost place."-- —Madame Dr. Braithwaite's , . • Retrospect of Medicine. PURE & DELICIOUS.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARS' CONVENTION.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
Meeting at Warrington.

On Saturday the annual meeting of the No. I Convention (South-West Lancashire) of the 1.0.0. T. was held in the Mersey-street Mission Room, Warring- ton, under the auspices of the "Temperance Mission" Lodge. Bro. J. Parr, C.C.T., of Leigh, presided over a very good attendance of representatives and visitors from Warrington, Earlestown, St. Helens, Widnes, Wigan, Hindley, Leigh and Ashton, and he was supported by all the executive officers, and Bro. R. W. Rycroft, D.E.S., and Sister Mrs. Duncan, N.C.V.P.,of Liverpool. Resolutions of sympathy were ordered to be sent to Bro. the Rev. J. A. Lee, D.C.T., of Liverpool, who is `seriously ill, and to Bro. J. Lindon, P.C.C.T., of St. Helens, on the illness of his wife. The CHAIRMAN, in his annual report, spoke very feelingly of the good work done by several of the lodges in the Convention area, and urged the members to still greater activity in the noble work of reclaiming the fallen and saving others from falling. Prospects of new lodges at Leigh and Sutton were bright, and he hoped to report these lodges in good working order at the next session. .

The CON. SECRETARY (Bro. E. Newman, Earlestown) reported that there had been good meetings of the Con- vention at various places during the past twelvemonths. Several lodges had changed their meeting places, and had greatly benefited thereby. There were 269 members in sight lodges, which was an increase of 33 members on the November quarter. Specially good work had been done by the "Nil Desperandum" (Wigan) and the "Temperance Mission" (Warrington) lodges, which showed increases of 15 and 11 members respectively. SISTER MRS. WOODS, C.S.J.T., of Earlestown, re- ported On the juvenile department. Although there was a decrease on the year, she was glad to state there was an increase of 71 members on the past three months. Much of the credit of this was due to the "Young Mission" Temple, Warrington, which showed an increase of GO members,mo re than doubling last quarter's returns.

The electoral work of the area was reported on by Bro. C. J. Snkarn.C.E.S., of Warrington. After refer- ring to the feeling of the country towards the present "Bung " Government, he said that the candidates for the Newton Division (Colonel Pilkington, ALP., and Mr. J. A. Seddon) had been written to by Bro. Bowler, E.S., of Ashton. Mr. Seddon was greatly in favour of temperance legislation, while the Colonel said he would "carefully consider the questions put to him." Bro. Sheath also criticised the attitude of the Warrington Corporation with regard to the George Hotel licence. Bro. J. WARBURTON, C. treasurer, of Earlestown, reported a very good balance in hand. The reports were adopted with thanks to the officers. The officers were then elected for the ensuing half- year as follows :—C.C.T., Bro. J. Parr Leigh (re- elected) ; C.V.T., Sister Mrs. Newcombe, Wigan; C. Councillor, Bro. G. Punshon, St. Helens ; C.E.S., Bro. C. J. Sheath, Warrington (unanimously re-elected) ; C.S.J.T., Sister Mrs. Woods, Earlestown (unanimously re-elected); C.Sec., Bro. E. Newman, Earlestown (re-elected): C. Treasurer, Bro.J. Warburton,Earlestown (unanimously re-elected);C.lVfarshal, Sister Miss Lowe, Wigan; C. Chaplain, Bro. Bowler, Ashton; P.C.C.T., Bro. Blundell, Wigan (re-elected); C. Guard, Bro. Lewis, sen., Widnes : C. Sentinel, Bro. Lewis, jun., Widnes (re-elected); C.A.5.,8r0. Newcombe,Wigan (re-elected), and C.D.M.. Sister Lambert, St. Helens. =The officers were installed by Bro. Rycroft, assisted by Bro. Wragg, of Wigan, and Sister Mrs. Duncan, Bro. Rycroft gave a brief address and a very enjoyable session was closed in the usual way. The arrangement for the session. and tea were ably

carried out by a committee consisting of Bros. Merlin, C. J. Sheath, and lltuthes, see., and Sisters E. and A. Littlewood, L. Brandwood, Mrs. Brandwood and Mrs. Woodhouse. ,

===== 0002601_19050218_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL HOCKEY MATCHES.

STOCKTON HEATH V. HUYTON.

These teams tried conclusions at Stockton Heath, in delightful weather. From the bully-off even play re- suited, with Huyton doing rather the more pressing. It was seen that the home backs were not in their best form. At length from a scramble in the circle Rogers managed to score the first goal for Huyton with a shot the home goalkeeper should have saved. After this reverse the home side played much better, and it was not long before R.Pierpoint equalized with a good shot. Half-time arrived with the score standing at one each and as the home side had been playing against the Slope it seemed as if Stockton would reverse the defeat sustained at Huyton earlier in the season. Upon the re-start Stockton at once pressed, but the Huyton de- fence was sound,and it was well on in the second half that S. Baxter put the home side ahead. After this Huyton played up strongly, and with the Stockton backs not playing too well, it looked as if their efforts Would be rewarded. Huyton then made a change in their forward line, Lewis taking up the inside right position and Rogers going centre-half. From the sub- seguent play it appeared that Huyton might have done this sooner,as just on time Lewis put in a hot shot that the home goalkeeper only managed to keep out of the net by giving a corner. Final—Stockton Heath 2, Huyton 1.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
ATCI3FORD v. SEFTON.

These teams met at Latchford, on Saturday, and played the return match of the season, a good game ensuing. The ground was somewhat soft and interfered with combination, but despite this a fast and vigorous game ended in a draw of two goals each. HUYTON 2m) v. STOCKTON HEATH.

At'Huyton. The Huyton forwards were in a scoring mood, and scored two goals in the first five minutes, the scorers being the Rev. Marsden and Norman Jones,that 1.)3r the former being a beauty. The game slowed down a little after this, but the Huytor defence being very sound the game proceeded in the Stockton Heath 25. Further goals were added by Norman Jones (2) and Best (1). Stockton played up pluckily towards the finish, and had the satisfaction of scoring just on time, the result being 5 goals to 1 in favour of Huyton.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
ASTHMA BOOK FREE!

WITH CONCLUSIVE PROOF THAT THE MOST VIOLENT CASES CAN BE CURED. 50,000 of these Books to be Distributed Free Amongst Sufferers.

A carefully written thesis, dealing with all the prin- cipal features of Asthma,and kindred diseases. Causes, symptoms, and latest approved treatment are fully dis- cussed. The author is one of the most advanced and practical writers. It teaches you how to cure yourself at home. If you are a sufferer' send your name and address (postcard will do), and this indispensable and highly important medical work will be sent free. Address Dr. Oassell's Co. Ltd., 65, B, Ayton Buildings, King Street, West, Manchester

===== 0002601_19050218_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ADVENTUROUS CAREER.

Retired Seaman's Death from Blood Poisoning.

Mr. John Harrison, aged 75 years, a retired seaman, of 3, Birchdale, Appleton, died on Monday under some- what singular circumstances. It appears that twelve months ago he was travelling in an omnibus from War- ringtontto Stockton Heath and the conductor, whilst collecting the fares, accidentally trod upon one of his toes. Blood poisoning subsequently set in and, despite i medical attention, resulted n deceased's death. Mr. Harrison had had an interesting and adventur- ous carear. In early life he worked with the Swift Boats plying on the Bridgewater Canal between Manchester and Liverpool, and his nlevertiess as a horseman gained him quite a reputation. Joining the coasting service he had some trying experiences as a seaman. In 1896 his vessel was blown ashore near Fleetwood, and he and the mate had to cling to the rigging for five hours the heavy seas preventing the life boats from getting near enough to render assist- ance. On another occasion the craft on which he was engaged was run down in the Mersey near New Brighton and Mr. Harrison was immersed. Fortunately he was able to grasp a rope and was hauled aboard. , At Seacombe he had an experience of quite a different character, another seaman striking him senseless with a hammer and robbing him. The assailant decamped and was never discovered. About twelve months ago Mr. Harrison retired after an active life, one of the closing incidents of his career at sea being that he was washed ashore at Prestatyn. For twenty-five years Mr. Harrison had, when stsying at Appleton, been a worshipper at Hill Cliffe Baptist Church. THE INQUEST.

The inquest was conducted at the London Bridge Inn on Tuesday afternoon by Mr. Robert Dobson, coroner. Mr. H. J. Westbrook (Messrs. Robert Davies and Com- pany) appeared for the relatives of the deceased. Miss Elizabeth Harrison daughter of the deceased, said her father told her that on February 24th, 1904, he was travelling home from Warrington in an omnibus when the conductor, whilst collecting the fares, trod on one of the toes of his left foot. On reaching home he complained of pain, and for a week witness poulticed the toe. Dr. Parker was then called in and attended Mr. Harrison, with a short interval in the summer, until his death. Dr. Parker said that when he was called in the toe was contused and the nail severely crushed. There was, however, every hope that with proper treatment the inflammation would subside. A month or two later wit- ness discovered that there was evidently something which prevented healing, and he concluded that it was a piece of dead bone. Eventually two other toes were affected, and gangrene set in and eventually spread. Blood poisoning, resulting from gangrene, was the cause of death. He considered that had it not bran for the accident decaased would still have bran alive. Mr. Westbrook: In your opinion there is no doubt whatever that the cause of death was due dirc ..tly to the accident. Witness : That is so. The jury returned a verdict that deceased died from blood poisoning caused by the accident.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
MiJ lion.s who were Sick

Are Well

Millions of people have been cured by Liquo- zone—cured of diseases which medicine seldom cures. Many suffered from little troubles, and were cured in a night. Many were cured of diseases which were called incurable. We have, again and again, seen sick ones brought back from the verge of the grave by it. That is why we are 'giving a million bottles free—one to each of a. million sick ones. We want you who need it to have it. We are willing to show you, at our expense, what it does. Let •the product itself convince you. We publish no testimonials; no evidence of cures. We prefer to give you a bottle, and let Liquozone itself prove our claims.

We Paid £20,000 For the British rights to Liquozone. We did this after the product bad been tested for five years, through physicians and hospitals, and in thou- sands of the most difficult cases obtainable. It has been amply proved in every stage of every germ disease. Liquozone, has, for more than 20 years, been the constant subject of scientific and chemical research. Its virtues are derived solely from gas—largely oxygen gas—by a process requiring immense apparatus and 14 NyS' time. Each cubic inch of it requires the use of 1,250 cubic inches of the gas. The result is a liquid which does much of what oxygen does. It is a nerve food and blood food— the most helpful thing in the world for you. Its effects are exhilarating, vitalising, purifying. Yet

===== 0002601_19050218_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19050218_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
To-day Because of L:

it is a germicide so certain that we publish on every bottle an offer of £250 for a disease germ that it cannot kill. The reason is that germs are vege- tables ; and Liquozone—the very life of an animal—is deadly to vegetal matter. There lies the great value of Liquozone. It is the only way known to kill germs in the body without killing the tissues, too. Any drug that kills germs is a poison, and it cannot be taken in- ternally. For that reason, medicine is almost helpless in any germ disease, while Liquozone is almost certain.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Germ Diseases.

These are the known germ diseases. All that medicine can do for these troubles is to help Nature overcome the germs, and such results are iniirect and Uncertain. Liquozone attacks the germs, wherever they are. And when the germs which cause a disease are destroyed, the disease must end, and for ever. That is inevitable.

Asthma Hay Fever—lnfluenza Abscess—A uremia Kidney Diseases Bronchitis La Grippe Blood Poison Leucorrhcea Bright's Disease Liver Troubles Bowel Troubles Malaria—Neuralgia Coughs—Colds Many Heart Troubles Consumption Piles—Pneumonia Colic—Croup Pleurisy—Quinsy Constipation Rheumatism Catarrh—Cancer Scrofula—Syphilis Dysentery—Diarrhma Skin Diseases Dandruff—Dropsy Stomach Troubles Dyspepsia Throat Troubles Eczema—Erysipelas Tuberculosis Fevers—Gall Stones Tumors—Ulcers Gonorrhcea—Gleet Varicocel. Goitre—Gout ' Women's Diseis s

===== 0002601_19050218_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19050218_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
quozone.

All diseases that begin with fever—all inflammation—al catarrh—all contagious diseases—all the results of impure or poisoned blood,

In nervous debility Liquozone acts as a vitaliser, accom- plishing what no drugs can do.

A 2s/3° Bottle Free.

If you need Liquozone, and have never tried it, please send us this coupon. We will then post you an order on a local chemist for a 2s. 3d. bottle, which he will give you, on our account, to try. This is our free gift, made to convince you; to show you what Liquozone is and what it can do. In justice to yourself, please accept it to-day, for it places you under no obligation whatever. Liquozone costs Is. lid., 2s. 3d. and 4s. 6d.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 18, 1905. WOMEN'S CHAT. IWOMAN'S REALM. SCIENCE NOTES AND GLEANINGS.

Sunday • pleasuring.—Religious revivals are just now much in evidence, and there is to be a new crusade, led by the Archbishops, against the week-end revels of the well-to-do. The motor car has done much to promote the secularism of the Sabbath, and week-end house parties and Sunday luncheon parties are now the general rule at country houses. 'lids, of course, means addi- tional labour for the hirelings, and domestic servants, ' though there is not perhaps much to be said On the point ' of their being overworked as they belong to classes , usually well able to take care of themselves. Sunday pleasures and amusements however have quite altered ideas about Sunday •as a day of rest. The modern ' system of living in flats is also conducive to Sunday pleasuring. People do net get attached to a fiat as to a , house. It is an abode, not a home, to be shut up and left at every opportunity for a week end visit, or other • change. The quiet Sunday has gone,and though the Arch. , bishops and other good men may attempt to stem the tide, it seems likely that we shall ultimat sly arrive at ' what is known as the Continental Sunday. I A Fixed Easter.—There has been some discussion as to whether we are going to keep Eastsr on the right day this year. According to the Prayer Book, Easter Day is alvray the first Sunday aftsr the full moon,which happens upon or next after the 21st March. In 1905, j the moon is full on that day, but the ecclesiastical , calendar is framed not on Greenwich time, but so as to , fix Easter on the same day all the world over. That is [ why Easter Day falls on April 23rd this year, instead of March 26th. From a holiday point of view, elate Easter is preferable,as it affords the prospect of better weather, but it would be more convenient if we could have a fixed Easter, and there would not appear to be any insuperable difficulties in the way of effecting such an alteration. The King and the Milkwomen.—The King has intervened, as it was expected he would, on behalf of the two old dames who had long kept a cake and milk stall in St. James's park. The business,if it may be so called, had been in the family for 300 years, and the two old women considered that they had acquired rights, which could not be taken away. The authorities how- ever required the removal of the stall in order to pro- , ccsd with the park 5-nprovements in connection with the Queen Victoria memorial in front of Buckingham . Palace, and as the two old dames would not go, their stalls were pull( 1 down and taken away. They had been threatened with the same fate some years ago, bu the late Queen came to their help, end it was therefore with some confidenc3 that they appsaled to the King in their distress. By his Majesty 'a desire they are to be given a new site, and two new stalls are to be put up for them, which they are to keep so long as they live. They are therefore now quite happy, and the splendid advertisement they have received will no doubt bring them a largely increased business. , The First Coue —The Royal Circle at the first Court was not a large one, Princess Victoria being only just convalescent, and by no means fit to attend State func- tions; the Duke and Duchess of Connaught, with the Princesses Margaret end Patricia, being on a visit to the Soudan ; and Princess Christian, accompanied by Princess Louise Augusts of Schlesung Holstsir having , gone to the South of France. The Duke and Duchess of4Connaught are returning home shortly,when all sorts of festivities are planned to take place at Bagshot and Clarence House. It is iamouredthat the engagement of both the Princess Margaret end the Princess Patricia will be araounced during the London S- :eon, and there is reason to believe that rumour speaks ti this time. Tall, slender, graceful girls, the Prince i are, with the most charming manners, end their mother's sweet expression. There is nothing dashing about either of them, they wear their heir in the neatest, plainest fashion, and dress as simply as possible. Dress at the Court.—Speaking generally, magnificence of fabric, and delicacy of color, were the points most sought after in dress,tor the first Court. White,as usual, was the invariable wear for, the debutantes, but it was little worn by those attending,or making presentations, undecided pastel shades being in such instances, evi- dently preferred Brocade and soft satin abounded, trains being either of velvet or those lovely shimmer- ing metallic tissues, which, this season have surely reached perfection. About Bouquets.—No new flower appeared in time for the first Court, and the orchid once more reigned suFreme. One reason for the extraordinary popularity this particular bloom enjoys is that it possesses very little or no perfume. The freesia was again much in evidenc 3, in the bouquets carried by debutantes, while malmaison carnations, and roses,were preferred by some women. Artists in flowers are excelling themselves this Iyear, and a comparison between the present day shower "arrangement of flowers and foliage carefully thought out, and designed with a view to its forming a part of a perfect toilette, and the old-time closely massed assortment of incongruous blooms with its little paper frill, is quite enough to make one rejoice that " the good old days " are indeed no more. How to keep Cut Flowers Fresh.-.-A piece of charcoal or a few grains of sal ammoniac in the water will greatly help to keep cut flowers fresh, the water being changed every day, and the stalks cut at the ends every other day. Flowers with stems full of sap, such as daffodils, narcissus, and other kinds, should have the stalks slightly slit before being arranged in the vases. The Pannier Again.—One renowned modiste, who has her headquarters in Paris, has been introducing the pannier upon a few of her evening gowns, but so far the idea has not "caught on" here. Panniers and the wasp waist go together, but of late years tbe great majority of our women have refused to lay up for themselves red noses, indigestion, and a host of other more terrible diseases by lacing themselves into corsets several sizes too small for them, and the stiffened pannier is not likely to find favour in these more enlightened days. Exaggeration is no longer tolerated, and the idea that the huge leg-o'-mutton sleeve will prevail during the summer months, is not likely to be realised. The full high-shouldered sleeve is the on:: ohe tolerated at the moment, but so far it has not reached grotesque propor- tions, and, save in the case of a few extremists, will probably not do so. The Theatre Hat Problem.—The obstructive 'theatre hat is happily much less seen than it used to be, and women now invariably remove their hats, or adopt some unobstructive headgear, specially suitable for theatre wear. Good sense ana better manners have prevailed where both coercion and cajolery have failed, and this problem which is almost as old as the theatre itself, would seem to be in a fair way of being settled. Such methods as requiring all the women to sit on one side of the house, as in Roman Catholic, and High Cherches, or putting up such notices as "all ladies over thirty years of age , may retain their hats," have never amended, but reform is involuntarily making headway, and it will be all the more sure since it comes of women's own accord, and more considerate fc sling for others. Ladies' Hockey.—Woman bee to sacrifice much of her queenly dignity and gra% in the hockey field, but in spite of that draw back, the game is becoming Increasingly popular with girls, and some of the County teams provide vety fine exhibitions of ladies' hockey. The Southern team have this year proved themselves the stronger having beaten the North, the West, and the Midlands, and they will provide nearly all the English eleven who are to play Scotland on March 11th at Edinburgh and Ireland four days later at Richmond. The match between Ireland Wales is arranged for March 17th at Swansea, and that between Ireland and Scotland ' will take place at Dublin at the end of the month. All these matches are likely to provide very keen contests, and the Southern team have every confidence that they will prove victorious in their meeting with Scotland.

MADGE.

The Congregational Sale of Work. The proceeds of the sale of work held in Cock- hedge Mission on Thursday, Friday, and a few hours on Saturday, amounted to £Bs.'

CHINESE MAGIC. Dr. Jules Regnault, writing of hygiene among the Chinese, treats of "fung-shui," the magic of directing genii or demons and favourable or unfavourable influences on men. The sorcerer, or Kan-fun-shui-ti, teaches the proper precautions to be taken in erecting tombs, houses, making roads, wells, canals, and so forth, in order to banish evil and invite good genii. They avoid straight lines and a northerly direction, because these are favour- able to bad spirits. Some of their knowledge is in accordance with hygiene and other sciences.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION-HOMR

SPIIINSF DINNER-TABLES.

The spring flowers are so varied and lovely in their delicate colourings that they make the most attractive dinner-table decorations. Low silver bowls filled with pink tulips give a delightful effect. Mimosa and daffodils are another charming combination; while a fascinating decoration is achieved with white lilac, lilies of the valley, pink carnations, and fern or foliage.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
PRETTY GIRL'S PROM

An example of a pretty little frock for a girl of t.n to twelve years of age. is shewn in the sketch. The chief feature of the dress is the smocking, which has again become very fashionable, especially for the trimming of children's dresses. The bodice is smocked at the back as well as in the front, and left to form a narrow frill where the bodice and lace yoke join. The epaulettes that fall over the sleeves are also. of lace, and are bordered with iribbon-velvet, and finished with a velvet bow on each side. The square at the neck is outlined with velvet. The sleeves are smocked at the wrist

and again at the shoulder, and the skirt is also treated in the same manner. This dress would look well carried out in a soft shade of reseda cash- mere, or it would make a simple party frock carried out in white washing silk, a narrow ruching of chiffon taking the place of the velvet.

FASHION GOSSIP.

' The modern craze for beads has resulted in neck- laces of opals strung together or with crystals alternating. These, according to the Tatter, are worn a great deal, opals being more in favour than ever, and next to amethysts are the stones of the year.

Flowers are very much worn in the hair this season, and roses take, of course, premier rank. The fancy for wreaths has, however, declined to a very great extebt, and instead of these clusters of two or three blossoms are fastened into the coils on either side.

Smooth straws, chips, and lace straws will be fashionable during the coming season. The colours most in vogue are blues of various descriptions— brown, butter colour, and once again the ever- popular and absolutely übiquitous champagne. Green is another colour of which the spring hat is to be fashioned, especially in conjunction with white and pale mauve lilac. The black hat, how- ever, is doomed to a great extent, and will be very little seen during the spring except for mourning. - Some of the prettiest of the new models are small toques fashioned of green tulle in rather a vivid shade, and trimmed with apple, pear, or cherry blossoms.

• :4.71r.V.:- - * ~1_,4•..........-r,-* -‘,,-......3.1.c...*, ( ti 4 4 , pZtftri '4, .0..4 Le • `..1 ' i , ,i 1 1 ii,' i' i% ~ P i; /fr ' - • ii _

===== 0002601_19050218_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING COSTUME.

A walking costume of dahlia-red cloth is shewn In our sketch. The short Eton coat is cut off to a decided point in the front, and is outlined with a stitched strap of its own material. The deep collar fits closely to the shoulders, and is trimmed with bands of satin of the same colour, inserted between two straps of cloth, the fronts being furnished with 'large red silk tassels. Satin is also used for the

smaller collar and for the wide belt which chews beneath the coat. Over the shoulders, it will be seen, are two shaped capes, and they are bordered with straps of cloth. The sleeves are gathered into a deep-pointed cuff at the wrist. The skirt is made to Zt closely over the hips, and cut in an ornamental fold towards the hem. The buttons used on the skirt and ccdlar are covered with the cloth. The hat worn with this costume is of black chenille, trimmed with insertion and a long white plume. _ _ _

• • ' - --')- . .. • ! "let il':' Virri4 ' 10 / , ..", ' • 441\ • \V. N t _.......e110p 4.°411' ' 4 ~ \ • 'gooll ' , . 1' \ ! !t \ itt= '''' 1 . _.. . 1:: i,. \ : , , ." . . .:: 0. t ...„ ~ : ' „ , ...„_ ~ .. _ /, , .4' :1 -- _,- -.,_,., _ ...._ ..,----

===== 0002601_19050218_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
WHO HAS THE BEST TIME?

All our affairs are settled for us nowadays by lady novelists. They deal with our social morality, they invent new reli,gions for us, and they decide sex problems of all kinds. We have just had an answer found to a question, presumably asked by scmeone, as to whether men or women have the best time; and as it would have provoked an obvious retort had the lady novelist who has elected to decide this matter declared that the balance was all in favour of man, we are, oi course, assured that the opposite is the case. I should say, comments "Ambrosia" in the World, that it is very much a question of class and of banking accounts. In the lower and middle classes a man unquestionably gets more out .of life than his wife. If a wrian of good social position has money, her/opportunities are about equal to those of the man. So far as treatment by the opposite sex goes, there is very little to choose •-ither way, lam inclined to think. A woman can ,tive heart-stabs that leave ugly scars, and a man can take all the colour from a woman's life. In this matter I do not think either has the "best time."

===== 0002601_19050218_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

CELERY AND CHICKEN SALAD. —This is an excellent method of utilising any scraps of white meat, such as veal, chicken, rabbit, &c., or of cold game. Take etual parts of crisp white celery and cold chicken; shred the former, after washing it, and cut the latter into small dice. Place in a salad- bowl, and pour over it a dressing made as follow: Mix together the yolk of a raw egg, a little salt, and one teaspoonful of mustard, add gradually one and a-half gill of salad oil, stirring all the time, and about half a gill of white-wine vinegar. Toss the chicken and celery thoroughly in this dressing, and garnish with hard-boiled egg, beetroot cut into fancy shapes, and the delicate leaves of the celery or sprigs of watercress.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
TREES AND RAINFALL.

Some persons ask if trees affect rainfall. That question is one on which foresters differ, but the large majority are satisfied they do induce rainfall. Vonrnulere, Schenck, and many others are emphatic in the claim that forests induce rainfall. It is certain they retain humidity to a great extent, and that alone would affect the rainfall; but the point on which all agree is the value of forests for the con- servation of water, preventing floods or drought, distributing the water evenly the whole year. It is a matter of history in foreign countries that when forests have been destroyed the rainfall has been greatly lessened and more spasmodic.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ARTISTIC MARVEL.

One of the greatest artistic marvels of the world is to be seen in the museum at Harvard University. This curiosity consists of hundreds of specimens of flowers and plants formed of glass, but with such exquisite fidelity to nature that they appear to be real, every tint and marking, every tiniest detail, being faithfully reproduced. They are made bya secret process, the artists being a father and son in Germany, who, it is said, may let their secret die with them. As an instance of the wonderful work- manship, it may be mentioned that the very hairs which appear on the stems on certain plants are reproduced on the glass imitatibns.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS AND STEAM.

In a note on the relative advantages of the gas. engine and the steam-engine, the Engineering Review says: In certain branches of work the steam-engine can be applied with peculiar advantage, and the gas-engine cannot hope to rival it; in other branches, again, the positions are reversed, and the gas-engine is acknowledged to be superior or supreme; but, apart from those distinct realms where each type holds its own, there are many occasions for the installation of prime movers where the gas-engine and the steam-engine are in keen competition for supremacy, and a very close balancing of their relative advantages is required before a decision can be made.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
HEATING IN BOILERS.

Now that the relation of heating to surface in boilers attracts so much attention among engineers, some results of the use of the Serve ribbed tube on French lines are of interest. Owing to the internal ribs, they give off much more heat than ordinary tubes. M. Sauvage, the chief locomotive authority in France, has made a long series of practical tests, and finds that one ribbed tube is equivalent in evaporative efficiency to 2i smooth tubes. The heating surface is increased nearly 30 per cent, by the use of the ribs, and the efficiency increases at an even greater ratio. The cost has operated against more extensive use in this country.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
WIND SIGNALS ON RAILWAYS.

During the great gale on February 27th, 1903, a mail train was blown over on Levens Viaduct, on the Furness Line, and almost fell into the sea. The Furness Company, in order to prevent similar accidents, have now erected an ingenious instru- ment, which will automatically warn signalmen when there is unusual wind pressure. The apparatus consists of a combined wind pressure gauge and recorder, and is connected with an electric arrange- ment, by means of which bells are set in motion at distant signal-cabins. These bells will continue to ring so long as the velocity of the wind on the viaduct is dangerous to passing trains.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
BAUXITE BRICK.

According to the New York Iron Age, a patent has been issued to an Arkansas' inventor for making refractory brick out of bauxite, the ore from which aluminium is extracted. The value of bauxite as a refractory material has been known for several years, but its lack of cohesive qualities has heretofore prevented its being moulded into brick. This difficulty, it is claimed, has been overcome by a process now patented, thus giving to the steel trade a practicable and cheap brick for basic furnace lining to replace the expensive magnesite brick now so extensively used. The patent covers the use of a binder with calcined bauxite.

The natural bauxite used is particularly low in silica, and is bonded by a small percentage of plastic fire clay. The amount of silica in the finished brick is considerably less than 10 per cent., and is not appreciably detrimental to its elasticity. This brick is especially adapted for linings of basic open hearth furnaces. The highest grade bauxite bricks are used in the floor and walls up to the slag line, protected by a bed of calcined bauxite. Above the slag line cheaper brick, with a lower percentage of bauxite, may be used. The price at which this brick will be sold is considerably lower than that of mag,nesite brick, and there are one-third more bricks to the ton. They have been severely tested in several of the prircipal steel plants of the country, and these tests *re said to have proved very successful.

SUN AND "WEATHER.'

Mr. William Lockyer, Ph. D., writing in Knowledge and Scientific News, remarks that unfortunately one cannot go much further back than about fifty years when discussing the great majority of meteoro- logical observations, for in many cases they are either very sparse and broken, or it is not known with what degree of accuracy they were made. In the case of solar phenomena the investigator is still more restricted; for, although the observations of sun-spots have been made in a more or less crude manner for a great number of years, it was not till about the year 1830 that a systematic method of observation was adopted; further, the solar prominences, important indicators of the sun's activity, were only first recorded syste- matically in the year 1872. The reader will there- fore understand that before all these different phenomena can be correlated to enable,long-period forecasts to be successfully made, a greater period of time than the one at present available is abso- lutely necessary.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EQUATORIAL REGIONS.

This is, however, no reason why attempts should not now be made to find out whether these solar and terrestrial changes are related to each other, and if possible to point out how, from our present material, such a relationship, if detected, can assist us in making, at any rate, rough forecasts of approaching seasons. It is generally acknowledged that we are children of the sun, and life on this earth is only possible in consequence of his presence. Our sun is, so to speak, the fuel on which we are all dependent, and it is, therefore, quite natural to look to him as the instigator of our "weather." Now, our orange-shaped globe is surrounded by the atmosphere. The sun from without p'ours his rays down on the earth's surface and'heats it, whether it be water or land: this heated land and water warmS the atmosphere in contact with it, and this warmed air, which is now lighter than it was before, rises from the surface and is replaced by the cooler and heavier air flowing in at the bottom. In this way a current of air, a wind, is set up. The land or water most heated in this manner is that which lies in those regions,, over which the sun during a year passes overhead, and the reader will at once gather that this part of the world is that which includes the equatorial regions.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
VARIATION OF HEATING POWER.

It is well known not only in these but in all other latitudes that the "weather" is not the same every year. Sometimes there is a great abundance of rain, sometimes very little; one winter is very mild, while another is very cold. In fact, each continent has its own little meteorological worries, such as floods, droughts, famines, Ike. There seems little doubt that all these conditions are produced by changes in intensity or direction, or both, of the main currents in our atmosphere, and since these conditions depend for the greater part on the distribution of atmospheric pressure, it is this element which should receive the closest attention. It has been stated above that the most likely cause of these variations finds its origin in the sun, for, granting a change in his heating powers, the strength of the atmospheric currents, and consequently the atmospheric pressure, would be accordingly altered. The question therefore arises. Does the heating power of the sun vary? This is rlifficult to answer directly, although from certain observations of his surface the deduction is that grEat heat variations lo occur.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Any physician or hospital not yet using Liquozone will be gladly supplied fcr a test. s

===== 0002601_19050218_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MALE VOICE CHOIR.

Concert In Parr Hall.

The concert on Saturday evening, in which the forces of the Warrington Male Voice Choir and those of the Manchester Orpheus Male Glee Society were separately and jointly concerned, proved both a great success in attracting the public, and a convincing demonstration of the existence in our midst of much unsuspected material in the shape of capable men's voices. We gather from the printed programme that Mr. W. S. Nesbitt, the conductor of the Manchester Society is now closely associated with the present rapid advance- ment in musical proficiency of the Warrington Choir, and that the daring experiment of bringing the perform- ances of the two bodies of singers into what might seem to be sharp rivalry resolves itself rather into a friendly effort on the part of the older choir to encourage their younger confreres. It is meet there- fore that the Manchester vocalists should open the pro- gramme with an item such as last year's test piece of the Welsh National Eisteddfod. for in doing so a stan- dard of singing was set which was obviously worked up , to throughout an evening devoted to some excellent and I strenuous work. On two other occasions in the course I of the concert the Manchester Glee-singers placed en evidence their capacity to present with full effectiveness concerted compositions for male voices many of which have now come to be regarded as "classics." In . the chorus just mentioned and in " The Beleaguered," I ",When evening's twilight," and "Homeward bound," (the latter being this year's test piece at two principal Eisteddfods) ample scope was found for shewing that the Manchester Society possess all the essentials necessary to the making of an ideal choir. Although in "Sun of God "the tenor soloist was often too obvi- ously conscious of effort—a matter which marred its otherwise reposeful dignity—there was shewn here as in " Homeward bound 'a fine reserve of tone volume allied with a perfect command of its gradation. More- over there was alway a pointed attack and an emphasis of disjointed phrases and unison passages which were in every way admirable. The last mentioned chorus is unquestionably too long for sustained interest, albeit some sections of it, such as those descriptive of the lightning and the thunder,are so realistically picturesque as to stir the imagination to an unwonted degree. But as a test piece it bristles with just those multitudinous difficulties with which,as in this case, an ambitious choir finds pleasure in effectively grappling. The gem of the evening in choral music was undoubtedly Hatton's part- song, the bringing out of whose delicate nuances of expression and tone was both artistically and techni. cally particularly fine. An enthusiastic and discrimin- ating audience was not slow to appreciate the merits of this performance, its repetition in response to loud and continued applause being at once a graceful concession and a high compliment. The Warrington choir made its separate appearance after first singing in conjunc- tion with the Manchester contingent in "Martyrs of the arena." In dealing with the chorus "On the ram- parts" they had the advantage therefore of having become accustomed to their surroundings,of which how- ever they quickly proved they had little need,for under Mr. Hassall's conductorship, and with Mr. A. Trow at the piano, they sang with great steadiness and shewed a clear insight of the salient features of the piece. The supreme test of confidence is of course, only secured when in a piece like this the piano summary of the vocal parts is dispensed with. Yet sufficient points were scored to indicate that the Warrington choir is on the road to high achievements, and they are to be con- gratulated on evident progress recently made. "The Soldier's chorus" (Faust) by the combined choirs, at the beginning of the second part, was a rousing per- formance in which vocal units at the right moment revelled in "letting themselves go." So vigorous a rendering called forth such a storm of applause that clamours for its repetition could not be ignored. The singing of Sullivan's "The long day closes," also by the conbined choirs, was appropriately sombre and subdued and in an unostentatious though highly pleasing way concluded the choral singing. Miss Lucy Davies sang some songs in a sweet soprano voice and with an absence of effort which, while it failed to touch the depth of feeling which a due interpreta- tion of Tosti's "Good-bye" and "The Hindoo song" is capable of stirring, yet enabled her to impart a charm of her own to lighter vocal nsorccaux such as the coupled songs "Summer rain" (Willeby) and "The cuckoo" (Lehman). In response to a well-deserved recall, after the last mentioned. songs, Miss Davies essayed "Annie Laurie." with a similar easy naturalness which enabled her to do full justice to this old favourite. Mr. W. D. Holgate's voice and style are not of an altogether pleasing character, shortcomings which told most against him in "Lend me your aid ", a fine song to the exigencies of which he was scarcely equal. Blumenthal's "Evening song," on the other hand, he invested with so much tenderness as resulted in a more successful per- formance, suggesting the idea that in this vein of song his forte really lies. The violin solos by Mr. Harry Whitfield were very uneven in the unexpected way in which they evidenced both good and bad technique. The tone on the 0 string especially was poor, while the double-stopping in the upper reaches of the instrument was sometimes wonderfully sweet and true. So also the bowing and fingering in the "Witch's dance" often fell far short of that perfect delicacy and precision which are absolutely necessary for its satisfactory per- formance. The "Air vane" (Contiu) was perhaps the best of Mr. Whitfield's solos, all of which it should in fairness be noted, an indulgent audience readily applauded. It is not because Mr. Thomley-Dodge's contributions as the humorist were little meritorious that reference to them is made at the conclusion of this notice. On the contrary they were greatly superior to much that Warrington has had to content itself with in this line. The clever original sketch of a modern pantomime, the really humorous encore song "Has it over occurred to you?" and the genuinely pathetic "Baby Bill" are enumerated to indicate the range of Mr. Dodge's versatile gifts as a society entertainer as he would be more fitly designated. In all the things that Mr. Dodge did so successfully, there was a refreshing spontaneity and a freedom from vulgarity which made it a real pleasure to listen to him and secured for him a ready welcome from the audience. Mr. E. R. North's piano accompaniments were excep- tionally well played.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury Petty Sessions

SKIN HUMOURS BLOOD HUMOURS

Speedily, Permanently and Economically Cured by Cut icura

===== 0002601_19050218_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
WHEN ALL ELSE FAILS

Complete External and Internal Treatment Price 4s. 9d.

In the treatment of torturing, disfig- uring, itching, scaly, crusted, pimply, blotchy and scrofulous humours of the skin, scalp and blood, with oss of hair, Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Pills have been wonderfully successful. Even the most obstinate of constitutional hu- mours, such as bad blood, scrofula, in- herited and contagious humours, with loss of hair, glandular swellings, ulcer- ous patches in the throat and mouth, sore eyes, copper-coloured blotches, as well as boils, carbuncles, scurvy, sties, ulcers and sores arising from an impure condition of the blood, yield to the Cuticura Treatment, when all other remedies fail.

And greater still, if possible, is the wonderful record of cures of torturing, disfiguring humours among infants and children. The suffering which Cuti curs Remedies have alleviated among the young, and the comfort they have af- forded worn-out and worried parents, have led to their adoption in countless homes as priceless curatives for the skin and blood. Infantile and birth hu- mours, milk crust, scalled head, eczema, rashes and every form of itching, scaly, pimply skin and scalp humours, with loss of hair, of infancy and childhood, are speedily, permanently and econom- ically cured when all other remedies suitable for children and even the best physicians, fail.

Sold throughout the world. Cutierra Resolvent, 2s. M. (In form of Chocolate Coated Pills. te.ltd. per vial of 80). Ointment, 2e. ad., Soap, le. Depots: London, 27 Charter- house Sq.; Paris, 5 Rue de la Ptux; Boston, 137 Columbus Avs. Potter Drug a Chem. Corp.. Sole Proprietors. es— Send for The Great Humour Con."

THE BEST FAMILY MEDICINE. KAYE'S WORDSELL'S PILLS Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliouvless, Dyspepsia, Constipation, .Liver and Kidney quoaplaints,tp,

For Ladies nf a 4 ages they are inYal,:4—hle.. Of all Mambos, 1..10 2s. 9d.. and 4s. 6d. per box or post free on receipt of . stamps to.

DEPOT. 1.3. St. George Street. Norwich.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY

TETESDA.v.—Before Messrs. H. Neild (in the chair),John White and Colonel Ridgway. MrscELLA.Nniorrs.--George Cotterill, of Whitley, was charged with having on the Ist February, at Newton-by- Daresbury, ridden a cart without reins attached to the horse, but he was dismissed with a caution.—Hugh Xbenezer Hawthorne, 29, Winwick-street, Warrington, I was charged with having on the Ist February used a cart in Thelwall-road without having his name painted on it. The defendant said the name was on the cart, but it had been covered by mud. A full-sized board on the vehicle contained his fell name, address and occupa- tion. A fine of 2s. 6d. was inflicted.—Edward Jones, Bramhall-street, Warrington, was charged with a similar offence in Knutsford-road, Grappenhall, and was fined 2s. 6d.—James Shaw, Battersby-lane, Warrington, was charged with using a cart on the highway at Latchford Without on the 12th Janpary without a lighted lamp and was fined 2s. 6d.—For a similar offence at Stockton Heath, Frank Mason, of Church-street, Warrington, was I fined 2s. 61—Fred Plinston, Padgate-lane, Warrington, I was charged with riding a bicycle at Prestou-o'-th*-Hill I on the 26th January at night, without a lighted lamp. ! Defendant said he was unaware the light was out. The case was dismissed.—Albert Sims, Heath-street, Stock- ' ton Heath, was fined 2s. 6d. for having on the 17th December used a waggon on the highway without a lighted lamp attached to it at 5.20 p.m.—Joseph Bate, of Walton-road, Stockton Heath, was fined 5s and costs for neglecting to send his child regularly to school.— Herbert Antrobus was charged with shooting a seagull at Moore on January 9th. He was fined ss. PECULIAR STOCKTON HEATH CASE.—Frank Fern, Sarah Kirkham, Bessie Owen, Alice Ann Coulson,Emily I Price, and Annie Howard, children, were summoned for I having, on the 21st January, obstructed the free passage lof Chapel-lane, Stockton Heath, by standing therein.— Mr. Browne said he represented the defendants.—Police Superintendent Ennion said the defendants were very young, but inj consequence of the numerous com- plaints the police had received it had been fouud absolutely necessary to bring the case before the Court. They had ignored the police time after time. These obstructions were of daily occurrence.—Mr. Browne: And one man's complaint. It is trade jealously, because ;these "chits" go to one particular shop to buy their pennyworth's of toffee.—Superintendent Ennion: 1 I know nothing about the trade jealousy. We are bound Mr. A. Newton. of Folthtm, writes Your b‘poil::: have to bring the children here in consequence of these corn- plaints.—Acting-Sergeant Bowyer proved the case._ completely cured me, after four months on my Mr. Browne said he could call the parents of the children ' sufferers can have their money returned if not 'Waded 'S PILLS, Gasrantoed a to say that there was no obstruction, and they lived opposite to the shop in question.--The Chai-man said with HOLDROYD the Bench were of opinion that the defendants ought positive Cure for Grave!, Lumbazo, Pains In the Back, not to congregate on the footpath. They would be discharged on that Occasion, but if they were brought Drops', Wind, Watt'. Oofnplaints. Diseases of thi Kidneys. up again they would be fined. I Gout, F ciatlcs and Rheumatism, Is, lid., all Chemists. ,POoartkfiree 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medic tl Hall, Clack heaton. THE LEIGH TOWN CLERKSHIP. The Leigh Town Council on Tuesday night went - • through the 27 applications for the position of Town Clerk of Leigh, rendered vacant by the appointment of , Mr. Peregrine Thomas as Town Clerk of Burnley. The I following four are to appear before the members at the I 'next meeting :—Mr. Leonard Hewlett, senior assistant- I solicitor, Leeds Corporation; Mr. Frederick E. Ensor, YOU CAN TEST YOUR SIGH assistant-solicitor, Cardiff Corporation ; Mr. Stanley I r Wilson, deputy town clerk of Warrington ; and Mr. A HOME AT OUR EXPENSE Thomas Holt, late Leigh deputy town clerk, now town I on receipt of postcard we will mail you our clerk of Winchester. The salary is £4OO, rising by annual increments of £5O to;£600, HOME SIGHT-TESTER. Our Pebble Spectacles are marvellous for the eyes. Do You LIKE CAKE? Then why not eat as much as you want? KEENORA prepared C.ike Flour makes White Optical Co., cake-making easy and economical : and the cakes are delicious ! Try the flour at our cost; we send you a ; (Late Perry and C 0..) _ _ -

BUNTER'S Prevtnts Ll,."s7ve-s lis6raction. Sleeplesa Nights Prevented. Neuralgic Headaches and all Nerve Pains removed by BUNIISH'S NERVINIG. All Chemists, ls. 1 itt. NERVINE or post free on receipt of stamps to DEPOT, 13, St. George Street, Norwich.

For PILES 100 YEARS -. REPUTATION POOR MAN'S FRIEND.

LW" , OW'

"DR. ROBERTS'

The best Antiseptic Ointment for Wounds and Skin Dise..cs• HEALING. COOLING, SOOTHING. Of all Chemists, or of BEACH & BARNICOTT Ld., Bridport. Prices 1/14 2/9 4/6, &c. Post Free. Send for I'ompl;l4,t.

4 MONTHS ON HIS BACK.

free fib packet on receipt of 2d. stamps for postage. ; Opticians, Directions for making cakes are enclosed with each 5. SEYMOUR ST., (off London Rd.,) packet. To be had from Grocers, Bakers, &c., Keenora Co., 38, Sir Thomas street, Liverpool. I LIVERPOOL. I

===== 0002601_19050218_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
The Best Results

===== 0002601_19050218_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Improved Breeds

of FARM SEEDS.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
FREE.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Elle " Oramtner onus

FIE " WARRINGTON AND MTh-CHESHIRE EXAMINEE." published every Satanic- morning. THE „EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER , published every Friday afternoon. rHE "Sr. HELENS EXAMINER,' published every Friday afternoon. rao „Rurzcoßx Ex/la/rpm'," published every Friday afternoon. T" " WIDNES EXAM!! TR," published every Friday afternoon.

THE EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISENIENT AP kitTMSNTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HOUSES TO BZ SOLD A RTICLEII LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS A STICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeka. Weeks. 18 ST 36 45 54

===== 0002601_19050218_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Elomestit Otrbants, ttr.

WANTED, good GEN LERA ; three In family; good refer.uces required.-34. ASH Sr., Southport.

wANTED, a good GENERAL SERVANT ; to public preferred.—Apply PIED BULL HOTEL. Leigh.

WANTIM young HITORHAMAID, under good cook.— Mrs. BALDWIN, Parr's Wool, Didebory, Manchester, 11RAL.—

WANTED re- peetable, trustworthy OHNlin.- -..—Apply Mrs. AX,TY. Railway Hotel. Path, 11. near Southport,

ImRS. ROBINSON, 14, Ring street, Earlestown. Mea- class REGISTRY OFFICE for Ladles and Servants now

open,

WAN IED Immediately, strong reliable Woman as General, wages £l2 to £ls.—Tsio3tesosr. Reading Dispensary. AR DENER. thoroughly practical, all branches, opsn for licgagement.-39. GARDENER, 22. Jaokaon St., Srret- , Manchester.

ford,

WANTE°, Strong, active COOK-GENERAL, able to wish. age about 25, £l6—£l.B. - 49, Atruanna• BD., Southport.

11T&NTFDGoo4GBN.; washing. family three; good wages. —B. DERRY RD., Heaton Moor. near Stockport.

WANTED for Cheadle near Manchester good GENERAL SERVANT, two In family, help given.—READ, 15. Warrian it.. Qtockport.

'VI

WANIKH immediately GIRL (strong, about 16) for Farm —Apply J. HARRIYON, Meadow Head Farm, Rams- greave, near Blackburn.

WAIVTBD GOOD GRNBRAL •, able to cook and wash V V small family; (216).—Mrs. HARDIR, Cheadle Grange, Cheadle Heath, Stockport.

WANTED at once inaar clean GENRRAL for public, age I T about 23.—Apply Mrs. WILKINSON, Registry office, Llttleborough near Rochdale.

IVANTHD GHNICHAL, age 16 to 20, 3 In family. Good reference required —Mrs. HAT6IBOR, 3 Howard Drive, Grassendale, Liverpool.

WANTBD, GIRL, healthy; about 18 ; washing; small family ; references and wages required to QUARMBY, Rees House, Newbey. Rochdale.

WANTED, HOUSE-PAELOURMAID £2o—£22 ; begin- ning of Mann ; seven servants kept.—Mrs. BALDWLN, Parrs Wood, Didsburv, Dines.

WAND3D, SBRVANT WOMAN or Strong Girl; good Milker : A Protestant ; reference required.—Mrs BAILEY, Er cars Farm, Lea, Prestos.

\'‘ ANTIsD at once for Single Lady, Superior COOK- ,- 101Eir AL ; able to wash; Housemaid kept.—Apply Miss GREENUP, Heatheirle, Knotsford.

WINTIM GBNBRAL, thoroughly experienced. over 30, two in family.—Apply mornings, or letter.-221, URMSTON LANE. Stretford, Manchester.

DISANGAGED PLAIN COOK £2O, Cook General £lB, Housemaid Waitress, £l5, and generals from VA.— Mrs. BOWDEN 22. Pepper Street, Chester.

WANTED Nespectable GIRL to assist Lady with house- work and take baby out afternoons. Not out before taken.-48, DOMBET Sr.. Park rd., Liverpool.

WARTED, a good GENERAL SERVANT good wages ; three in family; no chlldren.—Anply by letter Mrs. YATES. 39, Trafalgar rd., Birkdale. South port.

xij ANTED, good Gl3l,lltltaL ; age 18 to 23 ; abl., to do V washing, comfortable home to good worker; one child only; 16s. monthly .-83arrit, 263, Gidlow lane, Mon.

WANTED, strong OBNERAL SIiftVANT. must be quick and willing,age about 18,wage8 £l4; no washing, good references required.—GßlFFTHß. 60, Curzon rd., Southport.

A LL CLASSES OF SkiIiVA.NTS ready from country or £l.. town public and private.—Call or write Will HARRISON'S Only office). 6,oldham street, Manchester. Established 1862.

WANTIM, COOKS, Cook-Generals, Housemaids Nurses, Generals, Y31.113yr GIIrIs.—BOTTOML KY'S REGISTRY, Morley 0t,.. Bradford, Yorks. Disengaged Working Housekeeper.

Isf ANTED at once, strong, clean, respectable MIDDLE- AGRD WOMAN to wait on invalid. Good r4erences reqLired.—Mrs. WiLxissoN, Registry Office. Littleborough, near Rochdale.

WANTED COOKS. Waitresses, Housemaid-waitresses, Nurses, Hitchemnalds, Laundress, Third Laundress, Betweenmaids, Generats.—Mre, PEATFIELD, 26, Victoria street, Blanchester.

WAPTBD MINIMAL thoroughly experienced. able to plain cook, must have good references, small family, goof home,—Mrs. SIIARBOCH, Sandycroft, Andrews Lane. Formby, nr Southport.

NOOKS WANTHD £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB V to £22, Generals £lB to £2O, Girls £1.4, excellent places. No connection with any other office.—Write to HARBISON'S 6, Oldham street. Manchester.

ALL CLASSES OF SITUATIONS, private and publics good homes. excellent wages ; places In town,eountry. and sealide.—Wrlte to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street, Manchester.

WALUM) at once two thoroughly RBiPBCTA.BLEI GIRLS as Housemaid and General In Doctor's house. Good References Necessary, liberal Wages, good home. —Mrs. DIXON, 81, Church Road, Birkenhead.

ea....:,:ehedsTnrvaßiaLse'kpAogorcycAlan4t4i; BRIIVANTS with teferenees, for Hotels' 13,ArdIng, Private Houses ; gold wages; enclose stamp. Tel. 0337.

COACH MAN thoroughly experienced. age 35, marrled,on child, ab,tainer, steady and reliable, seeks Situation ; single-banded or where groom Is kept ; country preferred ; excellent teitlmonial..—Address DENNISON, 10, .Douglas St., Higher Broughton, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
F,a be tn.

-25. CATHERINE ITRIIBT. 6 Rooms 4s. 3.1. per week. PENKFITIL—GOOD H0U513 WITH GARDENS, 3. 94 per week, also Cottages 3s. 64. and Is. 64. per week. IVY LODGE,FROCHIALL LANII rent £45 a year on lease Apply Itotizwr LOWE, Hstate A.gent,No. I Hank-stroet War. ritagton. Telephone—No 65.

711W0 Country Brickyards to let.—Apply MICDL ICoTT _/.. Devizes.

To r 17, FOLLY CPR. —Apply WOODS & SON ', BO: Id tort , Horsemark et Street, W arrington.

TO LICT. good HOUSR In Derby-street. rent 4s. 6d.; also _l_ one off Beweeproad, rent 41, 6d.—Apoly WOODS & Sox, boticitors, Warrington.

'0 BB TAIT —STABLING, fourteen Stalls or part ; also good Workshop with power.—Apply LtURENCE BoLToN, !Lemon, ant. Warrington.

BLACKPOOL.—Several good COMPANY HOUSES to Let ; low vnluatlone ; cPntral.—Apply Doi39oN AND SALTIIOuBE. 48, Hamby rd.. Blackpool.

J ARGO SHOP and PRBMBSS Horsemarket street, 1.4 near Market Gate, at reasonahle rent ; Immediate possession can he had.—Apply to ARTHUR BROWNS Solicitors, Sankey street, Warrington.

Imrscrs.l9oo, ?Lair *trick &r.

TrHRES CARTS, Horses. Waggonettes,Lanclaos ; Stables to -1 be Let, for Storage.—BUTTERWORTS, 12, York st, B'pool. F°:

IR SALR, epleridid Collie 'PCP, good pedigree, also bl,ck Curled Retriever over distemper.—AppljTEALE, Boonton. near Preaton.

yS.aLll.—Grand FOX THRitlltit PUPPIPIS, Price NJ 10R. and 7s 61. or exchange anything useful.—Tatx- TON. Asb-bt Windermere.

DUFF ORPINGTON eggs Cook'. champion St raln,,plendisl Winter layers:unlimited grass run 4s. 6d dozen csrtiage paid; unfertile replaced once.—li. Malan, Ath Hall, near Stoke-on-Trent

CNARIRS.—Large h,ndsome Orange Yzitow Norwich oCit birds lu full song ; satisfaction guaranteed ; 3e. each ; two for 51. (Scl. Sent carefully packed.—DAYlES, 33 Borden rd., Fulham, Norwich.

()N SALE, good useful COB. 14 hands; quiet and good worke,, Also two good Governors Cars, snit 14 hands ; 1 dubblier r, suit 15 hands ; 1 Itubber-Ty red Gig ; 1 good Hawker's ; also 5 good Lurries from Bcwt. to 12cwt., all in goo" ,ndition.—apply ED. ()ABELL. 254, Manchester rd., Higher I,,ce, Wigan.

'ITEM° SUDORIFIC for lame or unsound Horses.— V Veeico Sudorific Is the quickest, eafest, and moat famous remedy for Weak Jointe, sprained Sinews, Diseased Bone, Puffy Swetllngs, and all ailments, causing lameness. price 2s. 6d. or 55., of Chemists, or post free —GREGORY it Co.. Temple, Bristol.

FARMERS, CONTRACTORS, CORN MERCHANTS, and others.— Several Cart or Vdn Horses, and Mares ; two In foal (by Shaw's Huston), due in April, hve to nlneyears ; 15-2 to 16-2 h. ; all are warranted sound and good workers ; us.,d to ploughing and mowing and heavy town work, Welsh and North Lancashire bred ; Carts, Ge.rs cheap. serial; explained; il5 to iO.—RoBE TREE FARM, 56, Broad Green rd (Old Swan tram terminus). Liverpool.

• r;

SSYCHBLLICS Stamps. 6d.—Fine approval selections sent.—The CITRATE, Ighth,m, Sevenosks.

HY do Storage Batteries fall ? Free Book ots Battery Troubles.—FlCAßEY, 91 Foregate. Stafford.

13 GLUM GOLD. Hunter Lever Watches, 10 years, it guarantee 308.—Jonneow. 12d Hope et., Glasgow.

BOOST CARDS.—Fortv different Gems 0 Art. Gurwitz, 9 Raleigh Gardens, Brixton. London.

QOAP. Id. per lb..Wnite or Carbolic ; 38th, carriage paid for 1.7 3s. postal order. —Address SOAP NORM. Walgate Wigan.

AbTROLOGY. Horoscope, 2 years future, send birth date 13 stamps.—Prof. Warm) 26. Hill et., Newport, Mon.

ANDOLINES.—Send 19. to Neville Bagor, Catania, iT Sicily, you shall receive a splendid mandoline, carriage paid.

CIDAR BANDS for decorating purposes 6d. per 100. cost free, assorted or one esign.—Bum, 96, Great King street. Macclesfield.

-r 00K 111313.1 i. 18 a. Gold-cased Gents' So4rfpins. sample ..LA post free P.O. II.—GREEN, 23. Birch Grove, Leven- shulme, Manchester.

i.lAFß.—Tann's • Reliance,' Burglar and Fir., Proof, 36x26x26 Ins., new condition, £IB.—GREEENWOOO, Woodbridge rd„ Ipswich.

T IMB ! LIME! LIMB !—Farmers and Builders wsnting _ILI good strong time should apply to the TREVOR HALLL LIME Co.. Llangollen.

PDIGS' FOOD.—Bekere Sweepings; sample cwt. 3s. 6d. on Sail, London, cash with order.— WYLTT. 8, The Grove, Hackney, London, E.

AGATELLH BOARD, 7ft. Mahogao f, folding; 9 Balls 2 Cues. Bridge, and Marker. Unused, 48s. On approval. —B.:,ISf3fONL.S, flunmanby, Yorks.

TKVERSIO, Life Intd.rests and Life Policies. A private purchaser gives the bi,thest value on sale or Mortgage —IIAsmoCK, 11 Buckingham st.. Strand, London.

CAST OFF CLOTHING PURCHASED. —Highest Prices given for Parcels--Received, Mrs EDWARDS. 3 Market Parade, Green at., Forest Gate, Essex.

WILLI.E is used by Society in Paris.—oeinda's Curline keeps the Hair in curl or Nave all weathers, post free. Thd. bottle.—SED&A, 79, Delph St, Wigan.

ADIES' beautiful long SABLE NECKLET, post free, .LJ 3s. 6d., traveller's samples, usual price 15e. 6d. Send at once—(. Prcacv,ikBB liornsey rd., London.

IDIOT() RIAL POSTCARDS,—Large Varieties. Wholesale _1 Constant change of stock ; all latest novelties.— NOVELTY POSTCARD CO.. 41a. Prestcot St., Liverpool.

BAZAAR GOob3 (Special), 6id.—GreateBt variety and value In the trade,whole,ale,—SALMON t MATTHEWMAN, LTD.. Plough Buildings, Gloucester it., Birmingham.

CLRIIGYM aN'S Widow in difficulties wl3hes to chspose of her Ro:led Gold Neck Chain, which cost 15s ; will accept ba.—BlErs. WlLsols, 21 Wood street, reterborough.

ELDORADO POTATO (Findlay's), grown from Massey' stock, 2Js. lb. Single Tubers, 1.. 3d. 411 potatoes sent out warranted.—A. BURCHNALL, Grower, Skegness. Linos.

TB OA Ki&HPHiti. Restful rants, Private llooses.—Nfarcellous value.—.Mre Linen Bleached Damask, pretty designs. 2 yards wide. la. 3d. per yard ; Serviettes to match, half-dozen, 21. 6d. ; Heavy double Damask, 2 varda wide 2s. 6cl. per yard; Serviette to match, halt-ocean, 4a. 6d. ; Strong Huckaback Towels (bleached), half dozen. 2s. 6d., as ed., 4s. 6d. ; Useful Remnants, 2s. 61, 51. bundles. rders under 55., carriage 441. extra.—BNYIELD LINEN HOUSE. 142 Drumlin rd., Belfast.

• - • -

OOLOIIItED POSTOARDS.—Y armoutlo. Lowestoft and Broads;veriety of 36 free 81d.Bo XING BaoB..Gt.lfarmoutle,

tARIENTAL NECKLACE; 250 brilliant pearls. " flashing kJ like diamonds" 3s. 6d. onIy.—FRED GREENING, hast Parade, Dorchester.

100 PHOTOGRAPHS (stamp size). copied from any Photograph ; 14 stamps or is. P.O.—C. R. LANGE and Co , 32, Cheapside London.

(If RAIIIAPIJONE with 15 10-In. and two lin.lliecords ; cost- E 9 10s. ; will take £4 10s, to clear. Perfect condition. —Address J. P.," Examiner Office," Warrington.

OX'S Patent Combined Patter Fastener, label tee and mUtle tbeet repairer. all Stationers or Is. per 100 free of PATENTER, 289. Broadway, Bexley Heath. Kent.

(„ZEBD POTATOE3 ON SAL% Up-to-Dates, direct from 0 Scotland last year, grown on brown soil, a grand sample —Apply GLOVER, Pottery Farm, Skelmersdale, or Ormskirk.

cipartments,

ATHMFIBRS PARLIAMENT recommend their Board IT.I residence or Apartments, 19 Oastleton rd., West Kensington, London.

BSPECTABLIC LODGINGS for 1 or 2 Men, centre of town. Reasonable terrns.—A pply Box, IL 0., " Haar/liner " Office, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

-

===== 0002601_19050218_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 18, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
fEtisrellamms, at .53)&5, dr. 4ifscellaneatts, at 'alc, ete.

FOUSTAIN PHN for Half-a-Orawn, poet free.—HoGEßs, 25, Fore st , Hertforl.

(IEOIOI BASS OF PLAICE, &c., Es. 6d. carriage paid. I.J FAMILY Fug Co , Pontoon. Grimsby.

BEAS FOR SALIs, hi threo Stacks, about, 3o tuud.—A pply, SPEAKE, Worths°, Salop.

Air usic a WORDS. " fllory Song "Nazereth,Killarney;3d. .1.1.1. each free. HAROLD 84Co. ,Clarkes Builelings,London,W.C.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
eggs, poultrp, etc.

'GUS, new laid, la. 6d. dozen, poet paid ; large .12A quantities cheapen—MOßGAN, Cale, Llanwrd a, R, S.A

IGI GG S FOR HATCHING, f ram Prize-bred Wyandottes, -LA Minorca,, 0 rpin gtons (guarant-ed) ; list ree.— H MUER, Hors monden.

'VCRS& has good home for baby, 7s—' NURSE.' Gloucester II Villa, Como it., liomford.

STAMPS WASTUD.— Good price given for collections or old Colonials,—F. PARDOE, Old AlresfOrd Rectory.

4,2 OLO TROMBONE PLAYER wants Work with good eon- testing band ; abstalner.—ALDEßMA!f, 3. bridge street, Tredegar, Mon.

GOOD AaNDITS 9PANTHD. to sell our high class Tea,; good commission.—Apply COOPER COOPER & CO., LTD., Bane it., Crewe.

CIONI'4UTIONERY.—WANTHD Female App-entice not V under sixteen.—Apply Misses BAIINBY A.ND WARD. George St.. Altrinaham.

HOISIB WC/BK.—Writing, copying; cash easily earned. Papers, instructions, etc. necessary for work, 16.—D. BOWEN, Doe lane, Danham, Norfolk.

riIICAMSMAN WANTED. must be use 4 t all kinds of farm I work : with referone.—NlEßeicHEL, Bolton WoDd Farm Burnaße-lane. thclebury. Manchester.

MONRY-MAKlNG.—Snergetic AGENTS WANTILD,maIe or female ; Cooper Cooper Profit Sharing Company ; good Inc ;me.—Apply 28, EARLE BT.. Crewe.

ADVIIRTISHR, with good country home, wishes to adopt Baby ; premium required; good retereoces.—Mr. liaaaon. Heysham Cottßge. Hauirbton StAfford.

FURNITURE, PIANOS. 6I'OCKS, &c., BOUGHT Fult CASH TO ANY AMOU NT, OR ADVANL.ES MAIM. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGH FOR INSPECTION. HAItTLEY AND 12, MOSS-STHEET, LIVERPOOL.

Alotor ears, eptles, (sarriagro, etc

O N SAL% 4}113101-tirtoo6ll.' TURIcaLJT £5. Giving up buelnees.—Apply JANES HARRqP,Shackerley,Tyldealey

LIUR 15ALE 2 Gents CYOLIiS, on almost new. must soli, _I: owner going abroad. - Apply 346, WOODEOUSL LANE, Wigan.

110 TELS, Publics, Beerhouees, Off-Licences. /sc.—Write requirement, ARTHUR CHARRINGTaN, 62, Chancery lane. London.

r_l 00D MIXED BUSINESS FOR DISPOSAL; .atisiaa kJ( tory reasons for leaving; near Town Hall and Park.- 143, KING ST.. Dukinfield.

S 0 UTH'?Olit —COMPANY HOUSE TO LET as going concern ; furnished ; income already assured ; retiring. All particulars, 4. IRVING ST

fiflacbmern, etc.

QTEAM TelikPi.—Genuine • Heintz' only.—HussELLß, 16 St. Helene Place, London, E.O,

WEIGHING MAOHINE, Platform, will weigh up to 1 ton, by Hart 8c Co., perfect condition, sacrifice £lB 10e. GREENWOOD, Woodbridge rd., loswich.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
liflatriin oily

ATRIMONY. CA.Preal N. large means an pay, family iVi and position desires marriage Lady of position. Box 719, Advertiser Office, Northumberland Avenue, W.O.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Ottes anb Kant on 'ate,

( iHARLEeVILLE, rarnwortla.—Two Villas, semi-detached V ON SALE ; self.nontained ; freslaold.—Apply, Miss PURVER, Hale road, DIVon, Widnes.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER &). CO. TRADE PRINTING of every description.

POSTERS A SPECIALITY.

_ SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to

order.

JOHN WALKER & CO. EXAMINER OFFICE,

Mr. ASQUITH moved THE NATION'S DE HAND his Diss ol utio n AND MR. BALFOUR'S amenurnent on Wed- ANSWER. nesday, and was met by an express- sion of the Ministerial readiness to take the verdict of the House. It is not the verdict of the House that is needed, but the verdict of the con- stituents. Mr. BALFOUR has been talking of his blessed fiscal formula for eighteen months. Mr. AUSTEN CHAMBERLAIN talked upon it on Wednes- day, and taunted the Opposition with their adhesion to the stale old dogmas of sixty years ago But the country wants the opportunity of reiter- ating its belief in those dogmas, and Mr. BALvoun will not give it. He takes his stand upon the opinion expressed by Mr. GLADSTONE in a letter to Lord GRANVILLE, that it is unconstitutional to dissolve in deference to bye-elections. In his letter to the QUEEN- in 1874, Mr. GLADSTONE undoubtedly assigned the unfavourable bye-elections amongst his reasons for a Dissolution. There is no funda- mental difference between the two judgments. in 1874 Mr. GLADSTONE had to reckon not only with the bye-elections, but also with the disrupted tendency in his own party. All the symptoms pointed to a great weakening of his author- ity. This is precisely the case with the present Government. Mr. BALFOUR cannot pretend that his Ministry is the Ministry to which the country gave its con- fidence in 1900. The significance of the bye-elec- tions is that they have gone against a new Minis• try, the ministry of the blessed formula which Mr. AUSTEN CHAMBERLAIN glibly repeated in Wed- nesday's debate. "Let us regain our commercial freedom of negotiation with other Powers," says the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who denies to the country the freedom of passing judgment on this policy without further delay. This is the only freedom which is of any importance in this affair ; but Mr. BALFOUR is so far from recognising it that he is apparently contemplating, not only one Session more of his remarkable Ministry, but two Sessions. The Redistribution Bill will not be pro- duced this year, but a Boundary Commission may be appointed to report on the survey of areas, and this bland and unabashed Cabinet may delay its scheme until 1906.

This is the policy of the Minister, who will not answer " Yes "or "No " to the plain question whether he agrees in principle with Mr. CHAMBER- LAIN. To cite Mr. GLADSTONE'S authority for such a defiance of public opinion is the master- stroke of Mr. BALFOUR'S assurance. We can I imagine what Mr. Gladstone would have said to a situation which is entirely without precedent it: our political history. But Mr. BALFOUR is evi- dently confident that he can carry on with a suffi- cient majority an d keep the restive supporters of Mr. . CHAMBERLAIN in check. It is notorious that they are eager for a General Election ; but if their leader is willing to play Mr. BALFOUR'S game, he must be content to suffer a considerable loss of prestige. He can scarcely keep up his fiscal campaign for another year or eighteen months. His recent speeches have been stale and ineffective enough. In what condition is his propaganda likely to find itself by 1906? That Mr. BALFOUR'S fiscal policy is practically identical with Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S is evi lent ; but he does not take it 'very much to heart, and might not be sorry to see it quite forgotten by the Autumn of next year. They must always be in the hope that in the course of two more years something may turn up to 'divert public attention to more exciting topics. Should the bye-eiections in the course of that period pursue their steadily-adverse tendency and reduce the Government majority by one half, Mr. BALFOUR may cheerfully remind us that with a majority of only forty Mr. GLADSTONE !Let the Patliament of- 1892. Never very sensitive to I public feeling, the Prime Minister seems now to have adopted the maxim that the country must be deliberately flouted tor its own good. It has the supremely bad taste to be sick of this Government, and must be made to understand that Mr. BALFOUR will postpone to the last possible moment the only constitutional means by which it can turn him out. The penalty of this sublime Statecraft may be delayed, but it will be severe when it does come.

Our Conservative friends must have been hard- hit by the immense success and unbounded enthusiasm of the recent Lloyd George meeting. The official organ of the party in Warrington, evi- dently under orders laboriously attempted on Saturday to write Lloyd-Gaorge down. They devoted over a column to a criticism of his speech, which is quite the most excellent testimony we have yet had of the weightinsss of that oration. Evidently the Warrington Conservatives cannot afford to treat Mr. Lloyd-George lightly, any more than his great antagonist, Mr. Chamberlain, can. Even Liberals will, we are sure, be vastly amused at this belated I attempt to extract the sting from the Welsh Champion's criticism of Protection. The damage has been done, and not even the " Observer " can repair it. They might as well cultivate some of Mr. Balfour's philosophic calm for the last blow has not been dealt yet-, by any means. Mr. Winston Churchill and Mr. John Burns will very likely follow in Lloyd-George's footsteps, and also bay things which will be unpleasant for Tory hearing, and as difficult for the " Observer" to explain away.

At Monday's meeting of the Edu cation Corn rnittee, the estimated receipts and expenditure o the various sub-committees for the ensuing twelve months will be submitted. On these the rate for educational purposes in the borough will have to be based, and it is reassuring on glancing at the figures to find that the deficit which has to be made up out of the public funds is not largely in excess of last year's. Rumour has, as usual, been busy in the town of late, and an extra 3d. over and above the existing lid, rate, has been freely prophesied. The estimates show that the increase will not involve more than half that sum, even when a possible grant of £3OO to the Grammar school, and other contingencies, are allowed for. The education department and its responsible head, Mr. J. Moore Murray, are we think, entitled tip some congratula- tion for having so well combined efficiency with economy. Warrington is not heavily-rated for Educational purposes is comparison with many towns, and if the committee can get over the accommodation difficulty in a manner satisfactory not only to themselves but to the Board of Edu- cation, the ratepayers will have little excuse for the growl which comes so readily to their lips when faced with the periodical dernand-note.

Local Free Churchmen have this wesk been in annual gathering assembled, and they had the , pleasure of listening to an admirable address from the Rev. J. G. Greenough, M.A., an ex-president or the National Free Church Council. Both Mr. 1 Greenough and the chairman, Mr. Charles E. Park.3r, alluded at length to the Education Bill and its disabilities affecting Nonconformists. There is no topic, to-day, in which Free Ohurchmen take a keener or more intelligent interest, and it is to their credit that they boldly face the difficulties of the situation and attempt to formulate remedies. Mr. Parker, in the short time at his disposal, gave one of those thoughtful contributions to the question which emphasize his value as President of the Warrington Free Church Council. He did not devote any time to belabouring the Govern., ment but entered at once into the problems which trouble the mind and vex the spirit of all Nonconformists. "To his mind," he said, "to harmonise the interests of parent, church and state (and when he spoke of church he meant all denominations) in a national system of education was a practical impossibility.' This is the crux of the whole difficulty, and the principle involved will have to be generally accepted before the problem of religious instruction can be solved in a way likely to satisfy the great majority of people, and particularly thoss outside the Anglican ' Church. "If the ground were cleared in this way, he did not think it would be difficult for the State, and the parents who formed the State, to agree as to those things in which a child should be edu- cated." The matter would, in our view, resolve itself into a problem of comparative simplicity once the principle was accepted that the churches need not concern themselves directly in the teaching of the children. The elementary instruction which is given to-day forms common ground for agree- ment, and we see no reason why a certain course of moral or bible teaching should not be generally accepted as an inseparable adjunct to the training of the young in the day schools, quite apart from any denominational dogma. With all the rate- supported schools owned by the State, and under 1 public control, the bugbears of sectarian teaching, and denominational tests for teachers, would I vanish like noxious vapours before the breeze. The ideal to aim for is simple and quite within the possibility of realization.

The individual who is apt to judge the work of the Borough Police Force by the number of prose- cutions which he reads of in the newspapers can have but a very poor conception of the multifarious duties devolving upon the custodians of the peace. There has beet' issued this week the annual report of the Chief Constable, and it is, perhaps, chiefly interesting by reason of the insight whichit gives into the important and widely varied work under- taken by the force. It is no longer a case of deal- ing solely with " crime and criminals," although that of course is the great purpose of the maintenance and equipment of a smart body of men. One of the newest departments to claim attention is that opened for the registration of motor•vehicles and drivers, and it is pleasing to hear that, with the co-operation of I the public, the work has proceeded smoothly and efficiently. Since the enforcement of the new Act the control of street trading by children has also become a very responsible task, an during the year 166 licences have been granted to youngsters who trade in our thoroughfares. Mr. Talbot has a special word about the excellent effect of the licecsing and registration of child hawkers, for he points out that the boys are better disciplined and "the police are enabled to distinguish between those who follow street tra:ling as a genuine means of earning money for desery ing parents, and young loafers who .make it an excuse for street prowling." It is gratifying to learn that the impressions loaned by H.M. Inspector on the occasion of his annual inspection of the force and buildings were entirely satisfac- tory and the Chief Constable himself has nothing but praise for the high standard of conduct of:the men under his command.

As to the state of critne in the borou,gh,tlota Chief Constable reports a decrease in the convictions and committals for the more serious, i.e. the indictable offences, of 13. On the other hand the convic • tions for non-indictable offences exceed last year's figures by 133, so that there is still plenty of room for improvement. The epidemics of robbery which periodically occur do not seem to affect the peace of mind of many people, if we may judge by the absence of precautionary measures. It is indeed gurprising fact that the police on night duty have found 685 shops, houses,and warehouses open or insecure, and notified the occupiers. The same occupiers would doubtless have been amazed, and inclined to blame the police, had advantage been taken of their negligence or absent-mindedness to relieve them of property I We fear the day is still far distant when bolts and bars may be discarded andimplicit trust be placed in one's fellow men.

Public interest is growing in the development of the motor omnibus service Those provincial towns are watching London's experiment which are not themselves prepared to load the way. But the motot omnibus is already familiar in our coun- ties and the:more enterprising industrial centres. There is hardly a railway company that is not to-day reaping the substantial advantage of their employment on rural highways to supplemmt an otherwise inconvenient railway service. Thu most sensational news, perhaps, is that Ino fewer than 500 motor omnibuses may he running in London oefore the year is out, for thirteen or fourteen leading companies have placed considerable orders. The most recent improve- ments in construction largely obviate noise and other inconveniences of which something was once heard. The cars travel smoothly, pick their way through traffic with ease, and are amenable to all the controls which are essential in crowded streets. But there is one drawback which does not seem to have been considered, and that is the danger of side

===== 0002601_19050218_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
slip. So long as the wheels of thE are " shod " with rubber they will pavements, and once such a heavy begin to skid it will be a grave n public safety. It is only a wee,c or of the new motor-buses in London clear through a shop front and nea proprietor behind his counter ! A, weather, too, what of the new vehi either have to anchor or go on a pilg may result in manslaughter in the et are disadvantages which the much-al free from. We do not hail with entirE advent of the motor-bus in busy towi

e motor-busee II slip on wet . _

' vehicle does menace to the two since one a side-slipped any killed the .nd in foggy lick) ? It will

grimage which treets. These 'bused tram is e approval the ,ns.

Along the country roads it has conceivably a useful sphere of action. Here it is likely to •be the railway company's effective reply to the damaging tramway competition of suburban places. Its interior furnishing is the last word on the comfort of travelling. The Kaiser,for instance, has a sumptuous saloon, with table and regal upholstery. On the other hand, village travellers may shortly see the carriers' carts which have laboured up the hill roads for generations re- placed by a swift locomotion which will make the remotest hamlet seem to the small holder no more than a suburb of that Mecca of the countryside,the market town.

It has been complained by Colonials that, although the Mother Country is ready enough to acknowledge the bonds which unite her to the Colonies, her people really do not understand the point of view of their over-sea relatives. The defect is common. Tne temperaments of people at home and people in the Colorlies are different— a fact due very largely to environment, and things which appear in the natural course to the one are viewed as remark- able and incomprehensible by the other. It is impossible, for instance, for the Colonial to understand the ways of red tape which the Englishman accepts as Dart of the rule of life. A correspondent of one of the London papers has been moralising on Canadian loyalty. It is good to have assurances on the point, though there has been no reason to doubt the loyalty of the bulk of the inhabitants of the Dominion. English people will never forget the loyalty of the contingents of Canadian Volunteers who rendered such service in the Boer War. The Colony has proved by sacrifice her place in the Empire, and her services have been generously recognised. What is wanted now is perhaps a little more recognition on either side of the difference in the points of view which exist —a little concession to the prejudices of youth and of age. Tnere is no real lack of sympathy or appreciation here, and Colonial visitors who think there is have failed to probe the real sentiment of the English race. We are not demonstrative, but our feeling of gratitude and pride in the sons of the Empire is deem

I

===== 0002601_19050218_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. A special sermon to young men will be preached in Wycliffe church to-morrow evening by the Rev. John Yonge. A labour demonstration promoted by the Progres- sive Labour League will be held in the Co-operative Hall on Tuesday evening when the principal speaker will be Mr. C. Fenwick, M.P., who achieved the dis- tinction of going direct "from the pit to the House of Commons."

The annual congregational party in connection with Holy Trinity Church will be held in the Co-operative Hall, on Monday evening. The anniversary sermons will be preached at Cairo street chapel to-morrow by the Rev. Dendy Agate, 8.A., of Altrineham. On Monday evening the con- gregational tea party will be held. A concert by the Legh-street Primitive Methodist choir and a number of local artistes will be given in the Co-operative Hall on Thursday evening. The annual Christian Endeavour Convention will be held in Legh street Primitive Methodist Chapel, on Thursday afternoon and evening next. • The annual meeting of the Warrington Permanent Benefit Building Society will be held in Cairo-street school on Friday evening. The final subscription concert of the season in con- nection with the Musical Society will be held in the Parr Hall on Tuesday, the 28th inst. Index to Inside Pages. PAGE 2. Rev. G. Harbottle at Bewsey road. "The Human Hand" by Carmen Sylya. Wireless Telegraphy. 3. Women's Chat apd Fashions. Science Notes. Male Voice Choir Concert. Good Templars' Convention. 6. Cycling Club Annual Meeting. Police News. 7. Football. : Billiards. " Revival " Meetings. Special united prayer meetings are being held every evening at the Ragged School, Rank-street, for the "promotion at a revival of God's work in War- rington." The meetings are entirely unsectarian. University Extension Lectures. The third lecture of the series was delivered in the Co-operative Hall last evening, by Prof. S. J. Chap- man, M.A., the subject being "Methods of settling trade disputes." Presentation to the Rev. F. Clifton Smith. The Rev. F. Clifton Smith, who for three and a half years has been Vicar of Daresbury and has resigned on being appointed to the vicarage of Ice, near Chester, was yesterday the recipient of a gold watch and illuminated address from the Daresbury parishioners. Death of Mrs. James Kenwort hy Many of our readers will regret to hear that Mrs. Mary Kenworthy, wife of Mr. James Kenworthy, timber merchant, Dunmore, Grappenhall, passed away on Tuesday. The deceased lady, who had lived in the district all her life, had of late suffered from influenza and congestion of the lungs, but heart failure was the cause of death. When health per- mitted, she attended Wycliffe Church where her husband for many years held the office of deacon.— The funeral took place at Hill Chile graveyard yester- day afternoon in the presence of numerous relatives and friends. The Rev. John Yonge officiated and was assisted by the Rev. Albert Walker, of Bradford. Amongst those present were :—Mr. James Kenworthy (widower), the Rev. James Ken- worthy of Audlem, Mr. Arthur Kenworthy, and Mr. Abraham Kenworthy (nephews), Mr. Rowson' of Burnley, Mr. Walker of Golcar,Mr. Andrew Rathbene, Mr. Percy Rathbone, Mr. James Haynes, Mr. A. Corney and Mr. W. Beswick (the two last-named gentlemen representing the deacons of Wycliffe Church). A number of floral tributes were forwarded. Rev. J. F. Matthews and the Unemployed Problem. The Rev. J. F. Matthews gave an address at the weekly meeting of the Warrington P.S.A. Society on Sunday his subject being "When a man's down." He , li contended that the "out of work" cry in the town was not an exaggerated one, the state of the poverty being chronic, and in many instances men and women in search of work were not really fit to fulfil any task for want of food. He said that if his purse ' was deep enough he could spend £lOO a week on needy cases, but his means would not allow this. He did not forget that all were brethren,whether rich or poor, and he realized that it was the duty of all Christians to help one another as far as lay in their power. The spirit of the age was when a man's down keep him down, get of him, and this in a professed Christian country -, but true Christianity taught us to help such as are in distre es, and not trample on them. He admitted that some people hardly deserved consideration at first thought, but had they had the chances given them to bring out the true nature that was in them ?—The meeting was well. attended, Mr. Downes presiding. Mrs. Williams sang with excellent taste "Light in darkness" and "Even me," being very ably accom- panied by Mr. B. Wadsworth.

. .."`

)fling the London Association dis- Mr. R. A. Naylor, Mr. Lloyd-George, :pressed the view timber in that con- ion his majoiity had since ben

'Er. R. A. Naylor's Optimism. At a meeting on Monday evei Welsh Conservative and Unionist cussed a paper on redistribution. 7 of Warrington, who is opposing M.P.; in Carnavon Boroughs, ex that it was all up with the hon. stituency, seeing that at the last was only 293, while 150 Conservati added to the register. Cto,

electii

PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THB BOOTS IN LANCASIIIRE.—Advt.

/CI FOR BEST

A Warrington Rag Gatherer in Trouble. At the Prescot Police Court on Monday, a Warring- fon rag gatherer, named Ralph Taylor was brought up in custody charged with stealing a horse, cart and iset of harness, valued at -5,12, the property of Thomas Clarke, marine store proprietor, of Prescot and St. Helens. The evidence for the prosecution showed that on the Bth inst. prisoner hired Clarke's horse and cart for 2s. per ',day, the agreement being that he should return them at the end of each day. Nothing further was heard of the horse and cart until they were found in prosecutor's yard at St. Helens on Saturday. Prisoner was arrested in Warrington on the same day. He pleaded that he had not stolen the property. It was merely a breach of contract. He was remanded in custody for seven days. "PREMIER" CYCLES at 12 guineas with chAnge speed gear &c., unequalled.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge at,, Warrington.—Advt.

'Presentation to Oddfellows. The Haven-of-Rest lodge of the Manchester Unity held a social at the Pelican Hotel, Buttermarket-street, on Monday evening. The chair was occupied by Past Provincial Grand Master S. Baldry. There were present the Grand Master of the Warrington District together with his deputy, Bro. T. Bradshaw; District corresponding secretary, Bro. F. Webster; and district treasurer, Bro. T. Wadsworth; besides a good number .of visitors from the various lodges in the district. After the toast of the King had been honoured a musical programme was gone through, songs and recitations being given by Bros. T. Forbes, Bennett, W. Dennet, A. Boyle, E. Saunders and j. Steele. The pianist being Bro. Fred Webster. During the evening the Grand Master presented framed emblems to P.P.G.M. S. Baldry and P.G.E. Clare also a jewel to P.G. G. T. Heaton for services rendered to their lodge. "PREMIER" CYCLES at 9 guineas for Best Grade. unsurpassed.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt.

Lecture on Charles Kingsley. The Rev. Trevor H. Davies, of Manchester, lectured before a good congregation in Padgate Wesleyan Chapel on Monday evening on "Charles Kingsley, Knight of the Nineteenth Century." The Rev. Joseph Manning presided. The lecturer said that Kingsley, like other great men who had left impres- sions upon English history, commenced his service in solitary prayer before the altar of consecration. No man in the nineteenth century had a more practical conception of religious life than he had, and it was Kingsley, also, who was responsible for a large share of the practical, social, and philan- thropie Christianity in which they in England rejoiced so much at the present time. He was a scholastically educated man and was a great democratic leader and a m )st true and perfect knight. He was always ready to do the duty that lay before him. Justice and mercy, and that rigid self control which kept hirri from speaking a hasty word or harbouring a mean suspicion, combined with a divine tenderness, were the govern- ing principles in his home life. (Applause.) On the motion of Alderman Bennett, seconded by Mr. Richardson, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Davies. "PREMIER" CYCLES at 7 guineas startling value.— J. S. CiA.RLAFD, 51 to 55, Bridge St., Warrington.—

Advt. The Late Mrs. Whitley. At noon on Saturday the remains of the late Mrs. Eleanor Littler Whitley, the wife of Mr. J. J. Whitley, of Hatton Cottage, Hatton, managing director of Messrs. Greenall Whitley and Company, Wilderspool Brewery, were interred in Daresbury Churchyard. 'The deceased had been in failing health for some months, but the end came somewhat suddenly. A large assembly witnessed the last rites, amongst those present being Sir Gilbert Greenall, Mr. and Mrs. • Wynne Jones, Miss Miler, Mr. and Mrs. Vere Davies, Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Jones, Mrs. Thomas Whitley, the Hon. and Rev. C. F. Cross, vicar of Stretton ; the Rev. H. V. Pigot, vicar of Stockton Heath; Mr. J. E. Seeker, Daresbury churchwarden; Mrs. William Davies, Miss Whitley, and several directors and officials of the Company. The opening sentences of the burial service, together with the 90th psalm, were read by the Rev. H. A. Lester, curate-in- charge of the parish, the remaining portion being conducted by the Rev. W. Davies, of St. Asaph Cathedral, brother-in-law to Mr. J. J. Whitley. Beautiful floral wreaths were forwarded by the following: The father and mother, Lady Greenall, Mr. and Mrs. Francis Maddock, Willie and '•• Belle, Granny and Amy, Mr. and Mrs. Wynne Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Cyril Greenall, Mrs. Blackshaw and , family, Mr. and Mrs. Vere Davies, Mrs. A. T. Matchett, • Mr. and Mrs. P. Chrimes, E. and B. Griffith, Mr. and Mrs. Down, Undercliffe, A. E. Atcherley, Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Jones, Mr. William Whitley, Ernest, Mr. Frank Tinsley, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Greenall, Mr. -Joseph Clarke, Dr. and Mrs. Bower, and one " with deepest sympathy from the Wilderspool Staff." Mr. R. Johnson, of Warrington, had charge of the funeral arrangements. LADIES! BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE . CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt. Volunteer " Smoker." The annual smoking concert in connection with E 'company of the local Volunteers was held on Saturday in the Drill Hall. There was an attendance of about 130, including Major J. D. Fairclough, Captains • Bundock (adjutant), Williamson, Potter (quarter- , -master), Avery, Second-Lieutenants Picton and Own, all the permanent staff, and a large number of sergeants -from the other companies in the battalion. The pro- ceedings opened in the usual loyal manner by the 'health of the King being drunk on the proposition of Captain Williamson. The programme including songs by Captain Williamson, Sergeant F. Taylor, Corporal Pepperall, Bandsman Glover (encored), Private Perry, Messrs. W. Bodle (encored), A. Bodle, Haslam (encored), Ritchie and Broadhurst, cornet solos, Bandsman Rutter (encored), duet (concertina), by ' Messrs. W. and A. Brobbin, the former also being ,encored for a fine interpretation of " The bells." During the evening several other toasts were honoured Colour-Sergeant J. Cliffe proposed the toast of "The officers," which was responded to by Major J. D. - Fairclough. "The visitors" were in the hands of Sergeant Whitfield, and Quartermaster Sergeant Willcocks reAponded. Captain Williamson proposed the health of Sergeant Taylor (who has recently been promoted to the rank of Colour-Sergeant), and this toast was entnusiastically honoured. Sergeant Bebbington proposed a vote of thanks to the artistes and committee and a most enjoyable evening was brought to a close by hearty cheers being given for -the officers and sergeants. Great credit is due to Captain and Quartermaster A. F. G. Potter and •Sergeant-Major and Mrs. 11.awlinson,who were respon- aible for the arrangements',

Am for CIINNHIGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS NinsTERAL WATERS.—Advt. - A Successful Sewage Manure. Convincing evidence of the efficacy and value of Native Guano, a sewage manure prepared by the -Native Guano Co., Ltd., New Bridge-street, black- friars, London, E.C. is forthcoming in a further batch of reports received ' from farmers, gardeners, nurserymen and others who have used the manure in their fields and gardens. The writers unanimously testify to the fertilizing properties of 'Guano which they have employed foT almost every (kind of crop. The manure, it may be stated, is ex- tracted from town sewage and contains the well-known valuable properties of cesspool matter. Its effects, both immediate and lasting, show it to be 'the natural manure for the soil, returning , . • what has been taken from it The company, whose works are at Kingston, Surrey, consider it a source of regret that the sewage from which guano is obtained should continue to be neglected, wasted, and allowed to become a source of pollution to rivers and streams. The directors invite the assistance and co-operation of landowners, far..zers aGnud: noco.'stop ( others, process inine xtteerLd. ionwgnthnee neighbourhood, ootfiteo c Native thus • subserving not only their own direct interests but also the welfare of the community at large. The general adoption of this system for the treatment of sewage would, it is contended, not only present an L .economical and efficient solution of sewage disposal, but enable what is now a nuisance to towns, to become a source of profit to the country generally% - .and especially to farmers,who would have a valuable , ' ,manure produced almost at their own doors.

Personal. Our readers will be pleased to hear of the success of Mr. Walter G. Longdin, son of the Borough Sur- veyor and first assistant in his department, who has been appointed assistant civil engineer to the munici- pality of Rangoon (India)—a place about three times the size of Warrington. Mr. Longdin. jun., has been in the Surveyor's Department since 1.89, having served his articles with his father. At the meeting of the Paving and Sewerage Committee on Monday, the Chairman (Councillor Tinnion) congratulated Mr. Longdin on his success, and wished him good luck in his career. Ur. Longdin sails next week to take up his new duties.

Mr. J. S. Harmood Banner, of the firm of Messrs. Harmood Banner and Son, accountants, Liverpool, has been adopted as the Conservative candidate for Everton Division of Liverpool, in succession to Sir John A. Willox, who is about to apply for the Chiltern Hundreds. Mr. Harmood Banner is the chairman of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Company, Limited.

Sudden Death. On Sunday morning Mr. James Boardman, aged 59, years, who resided at 23, Laira-street, was found dead in his kitchen. He had been attended by two doctors. who certified that he had suffered from heart diseas H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.—G 3, SANKEY Sr., WARRINGTON.—Advt. Prospective Liberal Demonstration at Stockton Heath. We understand that a public meeting under the auspices of the Knutsford Division Liberal Associa- tion will be held at Stockton Heath on March Ist, when the principal speaker will be Dr. John Massey of Oxford, treasurer of the National Liberal Federation.

Suicide at Warrington. George Edge, 47, Marbury-street, aged 36, a fitter, committed suicide by hanging himself on Friday morning. His son, Thomas Percy Edge, on coming downstairs saw his father hanging by a rope at the bottom of the stairs. He got the assistance of a carter named Morris, and the body was cut down, but life was extinct.

£lOO For The Inflmary. The Honorary Treasurer of the Workingmen's Com- mittee acknowledges with thanks, a contribution of £lOO from the workmen of the Pearson and Knowles Coal and Iron Co., Limited.

PUBLIC.BENEFIT. UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN L-INCASHIRE.—AdVt.

The Elective Auditors. The annual election of two borough auditors will take place on Wednesday, March Ist. Nomination papers must be delivered at the Town Hall before five o'clock on Tuesday evening next. Up to last evening Mr. Edwin Bradshaw was the only candidate nomin- ated. In his first paper he is proposed by Mr. William Owen and seconded by Mr. Vere B. Davies, while in a second paper he is proposed by Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins and seconded by Mr. John Hesketh. St. Paul's Choir Supper.

The members of St: -Paul's Church choir were entertained at supper in the Kendrick-street Schools on Monday and Tuesday evenings. On Monday the adult Inembers sat down to an excellent repast, pre- sided over by the Vicar (the Rev. W. Bracecamp) and Mr. J. Rigby. several-ladies of the congregation waiting at the tables. On the koom being cleared, the rest of the evening was spent in a convivial manner, songs, dances, games, hat-trimming competi- tions, &c., filling up a programme which lasted till midnight, when the party dispersed. On Tuesday evening the boys partook of a hearty meal, and indulged with great delight in a series of games &c. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt.

Sankey Wire Mills Cricket Club. There was a large attendance at the fourteenth annual meeting of this club held in Mr. N. Cook's room, Lovely-lane, on Monday evening. Mr. H. L. Clarke presided.—The secretary's report and balance sheet showed that the club is now in a very flourish- ing condition. A vote of thanks was accorded to the President and Vice-Presidents who were all unani- mously re-elected. The following is a list of officials for the coming season : —President, Mr. E. Houghton ; captain, Ist eleven, Mr. F. Taylor ; sub-captain, Mr. H. L. Clarke ; captain, second eleven, Mr. R. Hewitt ; sub-captain, Mr. P. Bladen ; treasurer, klr. James Evans, jun. ; committee, Messrs. H. L. Clarke, J. Hawthorn, W. V. Turton, N. Cook, junr., and P. Bladen ; secretaries, Mr.'W. Backhouse, 45, Lancaster- street ; Mr. Robert W. Cook, 160, Lovely lane ; auditor, Mr. W. V. Turton ; umpire first eleven, Mr. J. Sutton ; umpire second eleven, Mr. Searle. A capital list of fixtures has been arranged.

Treat to Ragged School Children. There was a happy gathering at the Ragged Schoo on Friday evening when Mr. 3. Charlton Parr gave his annual treat to the poor children. The event which had been anticipated with keen pleasure passed off most successfully, Mrs. Parr, and the Rev. C. Harvey Cook attending. Nearly 500 children were entertained to tea which consisted of bread and butter and cakes. A lantern entertainment was afterwards given by Mr, John W. Howarth, the financial secre- tary, 'entitled "Southward ho! A voyage to Australia." Mr. Howarth took his juvenile audience over an imaginary voyage, starting from the Thames, and calling at the chief places of interest en route, Gibraltar, Naples, Suez, Aden, Ceylon, Sze., and then on to the principal cities of sunny Australia. The slides depicting the various scenes were excellent and a capital evening's entertainment was thoroughly en- joyed. Mr. R. A. and Miss Naylor will give a similar treat on the 2nd of March, H. M. ASHTON'S LIFN TONIC is the KING OF TONICS. I 63. SLNKSY-STRZET, Warrington.—Advt.

Progressive Labour League. "Trade Unionism" was the subject under discus- sion at the weekly Meeting of this League held at the Liberal Club on Tuesday evening. On opening the debate Mr. J. Elwell said that trade unionism was a combination of workmen to secure the most favour- able conditions for labour upon the general body of its members. Its object was to give the labourer the advantage and to foim the rank and file of the industrial armies into organization able to deal on something like equal terms with the employers. Trade unions had done and were doing a good work, and they were determined that that good work should go on. One of the best results of the associations amongst workmen had been the mental culture. They had promoted the betterment of the conditions under which they laboured, shortening of howl of labour and increasing the wages, self protection against sickness and old age, and provision for decent interment. An interesting discussion followed and Mr. Ellwell was thanked for his paper. UNDER THE CLOCK for Good B(X)TS.—Advt.

Successful Ambulance Team. Congratulations are due and will be readily accord to the Warrington Central Station ambulance team for their highly creditable victory in the annual competi- tion in connection with the Cheshire Lines Committee which was held at Liverpool. Eleven teams entered, the Warrington Engineers as well as the station squad taking part. The result was that the Warring- ton Station corps carried off the first prize of a cup with an electro-plate tea and coffee service for each member, the points awarded being 29(1, out of a possible 300. Manchester Central obtained 224 points and Huskisson Goods, 219 points. The following are the members of the Warrington Central team :—Messrs. H. T. Williams (leader), J. Fogg, H. Holloway, James Blake, J. T. Robertson and R. Nutter (reserve). The team have competed upon no fewer than eleven occasions, and have been awarded eight firsts,None second, and tvvo third prizes, and have also won the Warrington and District Shield upon two occasions. They have com• Peted in the National Railway Ambulance Challenge bhield Competition in London upon four occasions,and I have been placed three times fifth and once third, the latter being in May against 23 entries.—At the distribution of prizes, Mr, James Pinion (general manager) presided and in the course of his address said that the first time a squad representing, the C.L.C. competed for the St. John Ambulance Society's shield was in 1899. They could then get no nearer than the fifth place. The highest position they had secured was when the Warrington team last year reached the third place, and as they would have to compete again it was hoped that they would come out on top. (Applause.) The prizes were distributed by Mrs. Pinion.—The Warrington team will again go to , London in April next to compete for the St. John's ' Ambulance Association Railway Ambulance Chal- lenge Shield, which is open to all railway companies in England and Wales.

• k` '' 1.1

Ir. R. A. Nay' At a meet• Welsh Cor cussed a of Ws.' M.P

; •

===== 0002601_19050218_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 18, 1905

THE SUGAR CONVENTION.

Conservative Labour Party's Views.

THE RECENT LETTERS. A meeting of the Conservative Labour Party was held in the St. Barnabas' schoolroom on Thursdaynight. There was an attendance of about 100 people, many of whom dissented from the views of the speakers. Mr. J. Hands presided and was supported by Messrs. F. Fearneley, B. Raymond, R. G. McCartney (Manchester.)

===== 0002601_19050218_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THR TANNING INDUSTRY.

- ....... The CHAIRMAN said that after the last meeting of the party, a gentlemen stopped him with respect to the statement he made at the meeting with regard to the tanning business and other industries which he had men- tioned. That gentleman told him that while he agreed with him about other trades he did not do so with regard to the tanning business. What he (the Chairman) said at the last meeting was that they were gradually but surely losing- the tanning business chiefly through American competition. The gentleman in question told him that the trade in tanning was no better than it was 20 years .ago. Since then he had spoken to Mr. Reynolds of Mersey-street tannery, and -Mr. Atkin of the Tanners Lane Tannery Co., and the latter told him that he was perfectly correct in his statement, and that the tkade was affected all over the country owing to foreign competition. THE SUGAR CONVENTION.

Mr. FEARNELEY said he had seen a couple of letters which appeared to be in reply to some remarks made by Mr. Pierpoint, M.P., to the effect that the increased price of sugar was not due to the Convention. That was going to be his text that night. He could not take his text from a more clear-headed man thon the mem- ber for Warrington. ( Applause.) He would prove by giving the whole facts that the position which the Liberals took up was absolutely inconsistent with the professed principle of free trade. Mr. Gladstone twice over declared that those bounties were an improper method of trading and he endeavoured to have them removed. Sir William Harcourt also de- clared the bounties to be an immoral method of trading. Even Sir Henry Campbell Banner- man had declared exactly the same thing—that the system of bounties in connection with the sugar trade was immoral and improper and they ought to make an endeavour to make France, Austria, and other countries remove sucht:fan unhealthy method of trading. Prior to 1870 the sugar trade so far as this country was concerned was chiefly in cane sugar from the West Indies. The beet sugar trade so far as this country was concerned was then in its infancy, and to encourage this trade, France, Germany and Austria gave a small bounty to it. Mr. Chamberlain at that time called atten- tion to it,. and wished this country to endeavour to remove that bounty, but though Mr. Gladstone and his Government were against it, they did not think it worth While then. Since that time the bounties had increased enormously. Now it was recognised thatbounties were the very worst form of Protection, and it was utterly inconsistent of their Liberal friends to act as they had done in regard to the question. By the competi- tion of bounty fed sugar with the cane sugar, they had increased the number of sugar relining works in Germany, France and Austria, at the expense of this country. Moreover the patent laws in Germany were much more favourable to the patentees than they were in this country, and between the two the sugar refining industry in this country had almost been , killed. The bounties were instituted for the purpose of , driving out the competition of cane sugar so that nothing but beet sugar should have a chance, and of course in a very few years this country would have been at the mercy of the beet root growing countries. They were told that the price of sugar had gone up very largely in consequence of the sugar convention and the tax upon sugar. He was going to allow that the tax upon sugar was bound to have an effect upon the price. It necessarily would inctease the price, but that was their share in the cost of the recent war which had to be paid for. He had no doubt they all agreed that the war was necessary. (A voice: "No!") At any rate the tax on sugar might be taken off by the coming budget or the next after that. It was purely an ephe- meral.matter. Now, with regard to the price, he would show that that was not affected by the Convention. During the past year there was a shortage in beet owing to the dry weather. The law of supply and demand of course caused the price to go up. But by the signing of the Convention, a change had been brought about in the West Indies. As soon as the West Indies found that they were to have a fair field, they woke up, and the consequence was that after tasingle year's operation of the Convention, we got from them an increase of 447,000 tons. This reduced the shortage to 830,000 tons. If, however, the Convention had not been signed, the shortage would have been 1,180,000 tons. He must remind them that they were not giving the West Indies anything except fair play, and he contended that this was to the interests of the whole Empire, (Applause). At the close of the:meeting a number of questions were asked. _

Are you, asked a member of the audience,prepared to debate the Chinese Labour qumstion and the taxation of sugar with Alex Grimshaw of the I.L.P. ?—Yes,replied Mr. Fearnley—l am prepared to debate with anybody. TelllMr. Hayes when you desire the debate and I will be there to debate. (Applause.) Are not, asked another, the whole of the Co-operative Society against the Sugar Convention ?—That is not so. Are not the whole of the Trade Unionists of the day against it ?—I cannot deny that because I don't know. I cannot claim to know all the Trade Unionist officials like some people seem to do. (Laughter.) Are not the jam, confectionery and biscuit trades badly hit, owing to the Convention ?—I have shown in my address that the price of sugar has not been risen by the Convention so that therefore it cannot have affected them:

A number of questions were also asked regarding the Chinese labour question, Mr. Fearneley in reply stating that it was the wish of the Transvaal people that this labour should be introduced and he denied that it inter- fered with white labour. The meeting then terminated.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
• WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON.

WEEK ENDING FEBRUARY 11th, 1905.

During the week, the following births and deaths were registered :—Warrington Registration District births, 45, deaths, 18. The excess of births over deaths was 27.

The birth-rate was equal to 33.8. The death-rate from all caoses was equal to 13.5 per 1,000 against 18.4 the average of the previous 4 weeks and against 281 the corresponding period of last year. The death rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to '7 per 1,000, against '7 the average rate of the previous 4 weeks and against 6.8 the corresponding period of 1904. The ages of mortality were :- 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 23-65 65—up. Total 5 2 . .1 . _ _ 8 . 1 a 18

The deaths included-1 fom enteric, 2 from in- fluenza, 1 from !.phthisis, 2 from cancer, 2 from lung diseases, 1 from heart disease, 7 from accident, B;from all other causes. _ _ .

The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during t':te week :—Scarlet fever 9, erysipe- las 1, phthisis, 1 case. CATotal number of patients in hospital, week ending February 4th, 1905, 53. METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 41 Fah., and therefore 1 deg. lower than the preceding week The maximum temperature 54 F., was recorded on the sth inst., and the minimum tlemperature 30F., on the 11 inst., The iainfall measured .29 inch. The general direc- tion was S.W.

J. GUEST GORNALL, Medical Officer of Healtt.

Local Forestry. An interesting presentation took place at the meet- ing of Court" Hope" 431 of the Ancient Order of Foresters on Saturday. The members were favoured with a visit from the District Chief Ranger, Bro. William Hipkiss, and opportunity was taken to ask him to present Bro. F. Shelmerdine with a beautiful gold-centre medal, for having introduced the largest number of new members during the last twelve months. The District Chief Ranger, in presenting the medal, warmly congratulated Bro. Shelmerdine on having won so handsome a prize, and exhorted all the members present to emulate his example. Bro. Shelmerdine thanked all present for their handsome gift, and promised to work as hard in the future for he success of Court" Hope "as he had d nie in the _past.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
JUST IN T RODUCED

CRAWFORD'S GOLDEN BUTTER BISCUITS.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
INDEPENDENT LABOUR PARTY. Its Attitude Locally at the Next Election.

In connection with the local branch of the Independent Labour Party a well-attended public meet- ing was held in Brick-street schools on Wednesday evening. Mr. William Knowles presided and the prin- cipal speakers were Mr. J. A. Seddon, Labour candidate for the Newton Division, and Councillor Fred Stott. The CHAIRMAN said that was the first meetibg held by the party in that part' of the town, and they intended to hold several in different neighbourhoods. The District in which they were met that night was in the Warrington polling district of the Newton Division, and he hoped that all Socialists and trade unionists would do their utmost to assist Mr. Seddon in his candidature. He contended that the contest was one of "money bags versus brains," and he hoped brains would be at the head of the poll. (Applause.) He wished to divide the wheat from the chaff in regard to local labour matters. Two other associations were now bringing themselves to the front —the Conservative Labour Party and the Progressive Labour League. The wheat consisted of the, Indepen- dent Labour Party, Trade Unionists, and Socialists, whereas the other bodies he had named were simply chaff. The Chairman related an amusing incident concerning the recent candidature of Mr. Frank Fearneley, of the Conservative Labour Party, in a municipal contest. Having noticed the good effect of the initials 1.L.P., Mr. Fearneley decided to adopt a similar plan and call his party the Conservative Labour Party. At a meeting which he addressed he announced his party as the Conservative Labour Party, whereupon a sharp-witted mem bar of the audience exclaimed " that will do. Chinese Labour Party !" (Laughter). Mr. Knowles concluded by advocating the nationalization of railways and the abolition of mining royalties. Councillor Srorr, after giving a short history of the movement in Warrington, said that politics would have no interest for him at the next general election as far as Warrington was concerned,having.regard to the fact that there was no L tbour candid ite. ill therefore intended to devote all his energies to the Newton Division, and his advice to socialists, trade unionists, and all who believed in the Labour movement was to keep clear of Warrington politics and to do all they possibly could to return Mr. Seddon. He had one of the greatest opponents of trade unionism in the House of Commons to face, and they hoped he would achieve a great victory. The labour movement had made great progress in War- rington, and they had now four members on public bodies. Mr. J. A. SEDDON gave an interesting address on "The hopes, aims and ideas of the new Labour Party." Fie condemned Protection as, in his view, it was bound to cause corruption in public life ; but while he was a Free Trader he did not coasider that policy a panacea for all ills, as side by side with the enormous growth in the wealth of the country they had a great increase in poverty. He therefore considered that Free Trade in itself had failed. With regard to the attitude of the Independent Labour Party to the other political partiest he might say the members of the organizatia were no opposed to the Liberal or Tory rank and file but they were opposed to the executives of both parties. Each consisted of capitalists and wa antagonistic to Labour. Mr. Seddon went on to denounce the expenditure of the Govern- ment during the past ton years, contending that it was wasteful as was shown by the fact that Sir John Fisher had just condemned such an enormous number of ships which had been built recently. That was proof that much of the money spent on the Admiralty was wasted, and the same applied to the army. There were, con- tinued Mr. Seddon, such an enormous number of persons either on or below the poverty line as to afford proof that the conditions under which society was carried on were a failure, and there ought to be a revo- lution in that respect. Every man had a right to live, and if he could work he had a right to employment. No man ought to be out of work simply because some other person could not make a profit out of him. Mr. Seddon went on to deal with the landpestion pointing out that if all the land were taxed at its present assessable value it would produce a revenue of £40.000,000. That would be sufficient to pro- vide old age pensions, and a free breakfast table, to defray election expenses, and also to pay members of Parliament, and there would still be money to spare to clear away insanitary arelre and slums, and to provide I meals for underfed school children. (Applause.) The usual votes of thanks concluded the meeting.

Meeting at Bank Quay. Mr. Seddon addressed a meeting in the Workingmen's Mission School„ Bank Quay, on Thursday evening. There was a fair attendance. Councillor Wright pre- sided and was supported by Councillor Stott, Mr. J. Podmore, junr., and Mr. A. Grimshaw. The CHAIRMAN replied to last weak's criticism in the " Examiner " of his policy in regard to the raising of Corporatioa officials' salaries. His contention was, he stated, that under-paid workers in humbler positions were entitled to be considered equally with the highly- paid officials. Mr. SEDDON devoted his address to a condemnation of the introduction of Chinese labour in South Africa, and explanation of the effects of the Sugar Convention. It was the Convention, he contended, which was mainly responsible for the rise in the price of sugar. Several questions from the audience were answered, and Mr. SEDDO N said that in his view the whole of the trouble in South Africa was caused by the cosmopolitan financiers whose sole interest was money-making. A vote of thanks was accorded to :gr. Seddon on the motion of Councillor STOTT.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUSA AND HIS BAND.

On Saturday March 4th, the renowned March King, John Philip Sousa, and his band will, through the ageney of Messrs R. H. Pearson Ltd., pay a return visit to Warrington when,—judging from the nature of his last reception—it requiries no great prophetic power to predict for him a warm weloome from crowded halls. Two performances will be given, at 3 in the afternoon, and 8 in the evening, under the patronage of the Mayor and Mayoress. Sousa has quite a new and extended repertoire. A new march "The Diplomat" and a new suite "At the King's Court "are promised us. Then in addition to some of those wonderful transcriptions for the military band of works by such classical composers as Liszt, Nicolai Mascagni, Eiger &c., there will be a reserve of new and popular " Sousa Encores." The Sousa orchestra will be supplemented by "Miss 111aud Powell, a clever violinist, and Miss Estelle Liebling, an equally popular soprano soloist. Two of Sousa's bandsmea will also take on solo work for cornet and saxaphone respectively.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
DRAUGHTS.

WARRINGTON V. WIDNES.—The return match between these Clubs was played on Thursday evening at Bibby's Restaurant, Market-street, Warrington. Both clubs were strongly represented, and a close and interesting contest took place. Warrington took the lead in scor- ing and maintained it to the end, coming out victors by a majority of 4 games. Detailed score, as follows : IVARRIrsTOTON. WIDNES. 2 F. Dunne 1 .1. Roberts 0 C. Johnson 0 2 W. Tomkinson 0 W. Sanders 0 1 W. Rigby 0 W. Ince 1 W. Wbittaker 0 A. Bennett 0 W. Warburton 0 W. F. Shaw 1 T. Hardman 0 W. Hunt . 1 2 F. Kenny 0 W. Rull 0 0 a Clare 1 J. F. Dixon 2 E. P. Dunne 0 F. Broom 0 N. Woodward

===== 0002601_19050218_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
A ST. HELENS MYSTERY.

Electrician Tries to Strangle His Wife

and Is Found Dela. A strange story was unfolded at St. Helens on Thurs- day night at an inquest on the body of Henry Heather (57), of Vincent-street, an electrical engineer and amateur photographer, who was found dead in bed. Mrs. Heather said her husband had been out of regular employment for about two years, and had been very despondent. "About three o'clock on Wednesday afternoon," she said, "he made two attempts to strangle ma and I left the house. He was very strange in his manner." "How do you account for it?" asked the Coroner.— He fancied, or seemed to think, that there was one too many in the house, add that, if he had to go, he would not go alone. I must go, too, and he would take rue. Mrs. Heather then stated that on leaving the house she went to a married daughter's, where she remained until someone told her that something had happened at home. She went back, and found her hasburl dead in bed, fully dressed. A bottle, which had contained cyanide of potassium, was found on thesink downstairs. Her husband had several bottles with chemicals in which he used in connection with photography. Dr. Knowles said that de ith was due to heart failure. There were no positive sympto its that the mat had taken poison of any kind. A post-mortem with chemical analysis of the contents of the stomach would be the only way of discovering whether he had actually taken poison or not. The jury returned a verdict that death was duo to heart failure, but there was no evidence to show how it was set up.

While hunting with the Wynustay Hounds, Colonel Dunn, of Althrey Hall, Bangor-on-Dee, met with a serious accident on Thursday. The meet was at Penley, and when nearing Peuley Dingle, the colonel's horse got his foot In a rabbit hole and fell heavily, throwing its rider and fracturing both bones of hi % legs below the knees.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COST OF EDUCATION.

COMMITTEE'S ESTIMATES FOR THE

ENSUING YEAR.

DEFICIENCY OF £11,843.

• The most important business under consideration at the monthly meeting of the Education Committee on Monday will be the estimates of receipts and expendi- ture of the various sub-committee for the year 1905-6. Without going into details, we present the following summary of the figures which has been prepared : Committee. Expenditure. Receipts. Deficiency. £ S. D. 2 S. D. .£ S. D.

School Attendance 1132 16 1 20 14 0 1112 2 1

School Management 3647 17 4* 23635 10 1 3012 73* Sites and Buildings 470 0 0 470 0 0 Finance

4L599 11 5 29756 4 1 11843 7 4

Total estimateddeliciency (1905-6) £11843 7s. 47.

(1904-5) £10407 19s. sd. *These include a possible grant of £3OO to the War- ringtoa Grammar school which is conditional upon the scheme for the management of the school being amend- ed to the satisfaction of the Local Education Authority. OTHER COMMITTEE BUSINESS.

The ordinary business which will occupy the attention of the committee includes the following :

FINANCE COMMITTEE.- At a meeting of this committee it was decided that the salary of Mr Isaac C. Pharaoh, statistioal clerk, be increased from £75 to £Bl per annum.

SCHOOL I%IANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. THE RESIGNATION OF TEACHERS.

The School Management Committee considered a letter from the managers of the Fairfield school, object- ing to the wording of the con/mittee's resolution appointing the head mistress of the infants' department, and stating that, in their opinion, the required notice of the termination of the engagement of that teacher should be given by or to the managers and not the com- mittee. The directors was requested to point out, in reply, that the powers of the managers in this matter are amply provided for in the agreements entered into by all teachers on their appointment and in the regula- tions adopted by the committee for the guidance of the managers of the non-provided schools. It was, how- ever, resolved that all teachers wishing to resign their appointments be instructed to forward their resigna- tions to the managers and to the committee at the same time.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
REPORTS ON THE _ELEMENTARY SCHOOLS.

The following annual reports from the Board of Education upon the various schools mentioned, were submitted and noted viz

ST. MARY'S, LATCHFORD : Mixed department).— The children are orderly and well disposed,but the staff is insufficient to properly cope with the work of teach- ing them. Infants' class: The infants have been with- ' out a suitable teacher for the greater part of the past year. The present assistant took charge only on August 16th, and has not yet succeeded in securing good order and attention ; she needs more,help,for the attainments 1 of the chiPrdn are poor in all respects. T. BENIEDicVs: (Infants').—This department is well conducted, and is in a generally sound condition. SANKF,Y BRIDGES WESLEY : (Infants).—That the lower grant is still recommended here, is not owing to want of efforts on the part of the teachers, but to the continued unsatisfactory nature of the accommodation, which renders satisfactory work impossible. It would be better for Standard IL if room were found for them in a Senior school. . .

_ WARRINGTON BRITISH: (Mixed).—The school main- tains its character for good discipline and tone. Mr. Wallington closely supervises a zealous and industrious staff, but the excessive size of classes renders the best work impossible. Mr. Hands is especially over-weighted, having charge of over 80 children who form the top class in the school and 130 children in the sixth stan- dard are taught by two good teachers. Credit is due for much good work done under such conditions. CAIRO-STREET : anfants').—This school is in good order and fairly well taught. THPIWLIS-STREET : (Infants').—This is a nicely con- ducted Infant school. The children are above the aver- age intelligence, and they are made happy by suitable treatment and sympathetic teaching.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
LECTURE ON ALCOIiQL.

An application from Mr. E. Craw.shaw, lecturer for the Liverpool Diocesan Church of England Temperance Society—for permission to give scientific object lessons on alcohol cit such of the public elementary schools in the Borough as desire them—was submitted and granted.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GRANIMSR SCHOOL.

A letter, dated the 11th January, 1905, from the I Board of Education—inviting the committee's observa- tions upon the application made by the Governors of the Warrington Grammar school for the recognition of that school by the Board as a Secondary school—was submitted, and it was decided to support the applica- tion in question. At a subsequent meeting it was noted that the War- rington Grammar school had been recognized by the , Board of Educ.ation as a Secondary school. PUPIL TEACHERS' CLASSES.

The following report by the Board of Education upon the work of Pupil Teachers' Science and Art day classes during the year 1903-4, was submitted and noted, viz : —"The instruction is generally eMcient, and good order prevails. The work is htmpered by insulliciency of stall, some of the classes being much too large for one teacher. It appears to be desirable that the length of the lessons in Art subjects should be considerably increased."

===== 0002601_19050218_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RECENT PRIZE DISTRIBUTION.

It as resolved that the best thanks of the Com- mittee be accorded to Mr. W. H. Payton for his ser- vices at the organ on the occasion of the distribution of prizes and certificates to the students at the School of Art, the Secondary school, and the Tochaical Institute, which took place at the Parr Hill. on the 19th January, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
SCFLOOL CLOSED.

It was noted that the Infants' department of the Warrington Parochial school had been closed by the Sanitary Authority through the prevalence of infectious i disease n the district, for one month (to the 2ith February, 1905.)

===== 0002601_19050218_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL MANAGERS.

It was resolved that the following gentlemen be ap- pointed managers of the wider-mentioned schools viz :—(1) Grappenhall-road (Infants') Council school, Mr. Alderman W. Pierpoint, Mr. Councillor L. Ellison, Mr. Councillor NV. J. Wilson, Mr. William Bibby, Mr. W. Longbottorn ; (2) St. Gemes (Infants') Council school, Mr. Councillor J. G. Craik, Mr. Cauncillor T. J. Hulse, Mr. Councillor J. Sankey, 111 r. Harry Gandy, and Mr. F. G. Taylor. HEAD TEACHERS' SALARIES. REORGANIZATION OF FAIRFIELD SCHOOL.. .

The following report of the sub-committee appointed to consider the operation of the scale of salaries for head teachers, and the organization of the girls' de- partments of the Fairfield school, was adopted, viz : The sub-committee carefully considered the scale of salaries for head teachers, and they decided to recom- mend the School Management Committee :—(1) that the clause relating to the temporary increase in average attendance be altered so as to read "In exceptional cases, where the average attendance temporarily in- creases so that, for a period of six months, it reaches a number entitling the head teacher to the salary of the next higher class, the committee may take into con- sideration and determine the increase of salary, if, any, to be given to the head teacher" ; (2) that, in view of the possibility of a re-arrangement of the accommodation of the schools of the town being made, it is desirable that no alteration in the scale of salaries should be undertaken until such time as that re-arrangement takes place; and (3) that consideration of the application of the Head Master of the Mixed department of the Wycliffe British school for an increase of salary be deferred until after the end of the present educational year. It was also resolved (1) that, in view of the raduction in the accommodation that would be necessary in order to re-organise Fairfield school as an upper standard school, the only change that can bo made in the organisa- tion of the school is the formation of a Senior Girls' and a Junior Girls' department ; and that the Managers of the school be asked to consider this proposal, on the understanding that, as soon as accommodation can be found, the whole of the Girls' school shall become an upper standard school. GYMNASTIC INSTRUCTION. _

The following recommendation of the sub-committee appointed to meet the Gymnasium Sub-Committee was submitted, viz:—" That the School Management Com- mittee be recommended to make a payment of £2OO to the Gymnasium Committee in respect of the use of the gymnasium and the instruction of the scholars from the public elementary schools during the year ending the 31st March, 1903; this payment being made without prejudice to any future arrangements that may be decided upon." It was resolved that the sum of £2OO mentioned in the above recommendation be reduced to £lOO, and that the recommendation, as amended, be approved and adopted. THE TF.CHNICAL INSTITUTE. The following report by the Board of Education upon the work of the Technical Institute during the year 1903-4, was submitted and noted,viz. : " A good session's work has been dorms, and mach of the instruction is worthy of praise. One or two classes were too large at the commencement of the session. It is very desirable that provision should be made at the earliest oppor- tunity for practical instruction in applied mechanics and steam. The course in general elementary science should include regular work in the laboratory ' and it was also noted that a grant, amounting to £l7l Bs., had been received in respect of same.

INCREASE OF SAL tRY. The committee recommend that the salary of :%frs. L. J. Cann, cookery mistress at the Technical Institute,

be increased from £IOD to 4110 per annum, as from the Ist April, 1905.

SUMMER CLASSES _DISCONTD:UED.

It has been decided to discontinue this year the classes held at the Technical Institute during the summer term.

THE BOLTON SCHOOL. At a meeting of the Sites and Buildings Committee the competitive plans for the new "Bolton" Council school were opened, and it was decided to request the Borough Surveyor and the Director to consider and

report upon them to a spacial meeting of the Com- mittee, to be held at the Town tJII, at 4 o'clock, on Friday, the 17th February.

THE ANNUAL MEETING. The CHAIRMAN will move "That,in view °tithe fact that the Ist April falls this year on a S tturday, the Standing Orders of the Committee be varied so as to allow of the Annual Meeting of the Education Committee being held on Wednesday, the 29th March, instead of on that date."

===== 0002601_19050218_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY LICENSING SESSIONS.

Runcorn Bench and the "Long Pull."

At the annual licensing sessions at Runcorn on Mon- day Superintendent Eamon stated that there were 44 licensed viotuallers, 53 beersellers, and 4 others who sell off the premises—total, IM, giving an average of 208 of the population to each licence. One hundred and sixty- five persons had been proceeded against for drunkenness during the year, 148 of whom were convicted, as com- pared with 141 persons proceeded against and 135 con- victed during the preceding year. Of the persons pro- ceed against, 85 were residents and eighty non-residents. Fifty-seven of the licensees now gave what is commonly called the "long pull," and he asked the Bench to express disapproval of this pernicious practice. The Benchadjourned the case of the Millstone Inn until the adjourned sessions. The Chairman said the magistrates could not. speak too strongly concerning the "long pull," and they expressed the greatest disapproval of the practice. They would ask the police to go further into this matter during the next twelve months. They hoped a word to the wise would be sufacient..

Permission was gsven to alterations at the Cleveland Hotel, Greenway-road.

ONE "LONG-PULLER" IN THE DARESBURY DISTRICT.

Little public interest was taken in the annual Licens- ing Sessions held at Daresbury, on Tuesday. The magistrates present were—Mr. IL Neild (chairman), Mr. John White and Colonel Ridgway. Superintendent Ennion submitted his annual report with reference to the conduct of licensed victuallers and beer retailers in the Daresbury Division during the past year, from which it appeared that there are 23 licenced victuallers, one beer-seller, and two others who sell off the premises, giving an average of 363 of the population to each licence. He said that no licensed victualler had been proceeded against daring the year, and none had been proceeded against in the preceding year. No beer-seller had been proceeded against. Fifteen persons had been proceeded against for drunken- ness during the year, 13 of whom were convicted, as compared with 21 persons proceeded againstand 21 con- victed during the preceding year. The Superintendent reported that there was only one licence° in the division who gave what was commonly known as the "long pull." There were no objections to the renewal of licences.

The Chairman: This is a very satisfactory report compared with last year. As regards the "long pull " it ought to be given up as in Warrington,Liverpool, and other places. Perhaps the matter will be attended to. Superintendent Ennion promised that something should be done. .

The Clerk announced that all the licences would be renewed and the business of the Sessions was Concluded.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
EDUCATION IN CHESHIRE.

Temperance Teaching in Schools. The Religious Instruction at Lynn Grammar

School.

At a meeting of the Cheshire Couaty Education Com- mittee, at Crewe on nonday, Dr. Hodgson presiding, two letters were read from the Bard of Education on the subject of the syllabus for temperance lectures in elementary schools. The Board pointed out that such instruction should be oa strictly scientific lines. lafore- over having in view the fact that instruction of this kind has two sides—the scientific and the moral or re- ligious—it is important that the local authority should be careful to see that a syllabus which was to be used for voluntary schools did not trench on those subjects of instruction which were especially reserved for the control of the managers of such schools. The Board expressed themselves as strongly of opinion on educa- tional grounds that, as far as possible, such lectures should be given by a teacher of the school. The Board hoped that the Cheshire Committee might be able to submit to them very shortly a revised syllabus which it would be possible to approve, as until this was done the Board could not consent to such lectures being given during the school hours. Dr. Hewitt proposed a resolution expressing regret that the 13aard of Education, while disapproving of the Cheshire syllabus of temperance science teaching, had not been able to specify any point in the syllabus to which they took objection. The committee, while asserting its right, under section 5 of the Education Act of 1905, to the control of all secular instruction given in the public elementary scheols for whose maintenance and efficiency the local educational authority is responsibile, is exceedingly desirous, as far as possible, to fulfil its obligations by harmonious co-operation with the Board of Education. Bat having considered the Foster memorandum, and the Board's comments thereon, the committee are still of opinion that, these lectures (which had been given in Cheshire for many years with the approval of previous Boards of Education, and with the general commenda- tion of the head teachers, many of such teachers having repeatedly testified to their knowledge of the scientific accuracy of the facts, and given in language well within the comprehension of the smallest child) should be con, tinned. In taking this course the committee are solely actuated by the ardent desire "to enable the children, not merely to reach their full development as individuals but also to become upright snd useful members of the community in which they live, and worthy sons and daughters of the country to which they belong." The Rev. T. J. Evans seconded the motion.

Judge Bradbury said that the committee must not take up such an attitude with the Board of Education as to risk the loss of the grant. The resolution was passed, and a deputation, consist- ing of Mr. C. E. Thorneycroft,Dr. Hodgson, Dr. Hewitt, and Professor Donner, was appointed to wait on the Board.

_ The Diroctor of Education reported that the govern- ing body of 111acclesfield High School for girls had passed a resolution that the school, together with its effects, be offered to the Cheshire County Council forth- with.

The Higher Education Committee recommended that they viewed favourably the taking over of the existing school for girlsat Nfacclesfleld ; but before committing the ratepayers to the additional expenditure required, the committee desired to investigate the approximate cost involved, and also to obtain the sanction of the Local Government Board for power to levy any extra rate beyond 2d in the pound that m 4 be required. The recommendation was adopted. The committee decided to call the attention of the Governors of the Lymm Grammar School to the fact that the present scheme under which the school is administered provides that the head master shall be a member of the Church of England. and that religions instruction shall he given in accordance with the doctrines of the Church of England, and that the Governors be informed that no further substantial aid will be given towards the maintenance of the school until arrangements are effected for the scheme to be amended in regard to these points.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLICE OUTRAGE ON A CYCLIST.

The more the case of the cyclist,•G. Read, who was so outrageously treated by the Leicester police, is investigated the more it appears that the police acted not only in a high-handed manner but also quite illegally. A certified copy of the " order of dismissal " has been obtained by.the National Cyclists' Union from the Clerk to the magistrates at Leicester, and the following are extracts from that interesting document "And that the Court being of opinion that though the said charge is proved, the offence is of so trifling a nature that it is inexpedient to inflict any punish. ment cloth hereby dismiss the said information : But doth order that the defendant pay to the informant twelve shillings for costs forthwith. And in default of payment it is ordered that the said sums due be levied'by distress and sale of the defendant's goods, and in default of sufficient dis- tress that the defendant be imprisoned in His Majesty's prison at Leicester aforesaid for the space of five days." It will be noted that the,magistmtes were of opinion that no punishment should be inflicted, the offence being of so trifling a nature. They also very clearly directed that the costs should be collected by distress and in default of sufficient distress that the defendant should be imprisoned for five days. Although not a householder it was well known to the police that Read was in regular employment in Market Harboro, that ho was the owner of a bicycle, and they must have known that there would be no difficulty in securing payment of the paltry balance due. Those additional facts have been duly communicated to the Home Secretary but although a fortnight has elapsed since the first letter was sent, no reply, beyond a formal acknowledgement of the receipt of the letters, has been received by the National Cyclists' Union.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
PHYLLIS THE ELUSIVE.

'By Godfrey Dean.]

The Palace and the Priestess.

The knowledge of what Phyllis is to me somewhat alarms toy mascalineness at. times. Her refined per- sonality has me entirely in thrall. Love may become a complete obsession. • I dare not betray my feelings altogether—it would affright her to realise fully her power—so I mask them as much as I humanly can when in her company. Phyllis gave me a tender smile of welcome and beckoned me to a chair, in whose depths were many cushions.

Occasionally, when we are quite together, she gives me a glimpse into her soul, which makes my brain reel.

It would not be wise (if proper, according to con- vention) to let others see even a love-glance from her —out of respect for their peace of mind. Phyllis could inspire a rebellion. "I see," she said, "some writer, in an intimate article on the author of the book you hroaght me, has described him as a man of sentiment and imagination. What does he mean by that—by sentiment? "his author isn't sentimental.

I like Phyllis to come to me in this way, though not seldom she leads me, unsuspectingly, into difficulties. "It is the quality of fine feeling," I said. "That is what he is exactly—a man of sentiment Phyllis lost herself in reflection. Then she said, absent-mindedly, and in a whisper, "Yes, he could make love delightfully." Phyllis often says things in a way which leaves one deliciously in doubt as to her meaning. Did she mean--! But Phyllis usually holds herself in such delicate reserve that I dare not assume anything; even I, who—of course, she knows I love her. Her expression told me nothing. Really, Phyllis is most provoking. I arose and stood by the window, and thus chanced to see by a mirror that she was looking my way. " Women," I said, "can be guilty of refined cruelty." " Why? " she asked—all wonder. "A man in love," I explained, "has fine sensibilities."

"I thought you were speaking of women," she said.

Phyllis ought to be a diplomat, for she admits nothing, and thus compels me to explain everything myself. It was not the -,ort of thing to put into bara words; indeed, thus, it would appear ridiculous. I avoided a direct answer. "And if the woman does not aopreciate this he wil for ever disturb himself with doubts." "I should think," Phyllis said, with an impartial air, " that the woman naturally has more delicate sensibilities, and that the man should know it."

"There should be a perfect understanding between them," I said. "Some women "—Phyllis' head was bent—" don't like everything to_be taken for granted."

" A.re you one ?" " Whose tragedy is this ?" Phyllis asked, without loo' ing up. " Mine,' I said, in appropriate tone. With great deliberation she pretended to consider the matter, while I stood as at the bar of judgment. I attempted to sway her decision. "Phyllis, if you were to —that is, if anything were to happen—only one thing would remain for me." " What is that ?" "The life of a hermit. I would banish Myself from the sight of human beings—particularly women —and from civilisation."

. "It would be very cold and comfottless, living in a cave." I did not seem to have impressed her. live in a palace." "You wouldn't be a hermit, then; and not a bit interesting, not interesting enough for your friends to visit you. But how could you live_in a palace, and whose?" "My own. One I have myself erected, and have lived in, since I have known you." Phyllis moved her chair near the one I had left— why did I leave it? "What sort of a palace is it?" she asked. Phyllis was seated between me and my chair, and her face was turned in the direction of where I had sat. I prefer t ) see Phyllis's face—if she will permit it —when she speaks. That is why I took my chair again. "It's a wonderful palace," I whispered. 'What name do you give it?" "I call it the palace of Memory." "It can't be very substantial ? " " Well, such creations are not—ill a sense —but they arc sometimes very superior to others." Hay I come in then?" "You are always there." "And who else?" one but you." "Would you never admit anyoaa else?" "Never on any account." Phyllis bent toward me. "Not even a distressed wanderer ? " "No."

" I should

_ "And will you ever let me I shook my head. " I could not be induced." "Some day I shall escape." " There is no esczps." " What would keep this palace from toppling over ? " she asked.

Phyllis is very inquisitive about my property. "The ftbric of which it is built," I said, and my breath just touched her hair—" memory whose in- visible bonds are stronger than any that earthly hand could spin." " Memory of what ? " I guessed from the movement of her lips, what she said. "Memory of you. Of what you have been." "Of what I have been?" she repeated. "Yes." "And you w _mid be content with your palace ? ; "No I did nit say so. But that in certain circum- stances I woull be compelled to live entirely within ' "Who would send von to this palace of exile ?" "This is what I wish to know. Only one has the power. And that is you, Phyllis." "You have a perfectly absurd fancy," she said. Phyllis should not excite such fancies, then: "It isn't abanta," I said. "You are ye!, much enchanted—Cabe glanced at me from undetaeath her eyelashes)—with your palace?" "I am under is greater enchantment." " Oh? " "Yes, the enchantment of the High Priestess of Memory." • "Tell me more about her." "It would take a long time." "I don't mind a bit," Phyllis said. (To be continued.) (Thcss articles originally animism' in the " Lorulon. Echo.")

===== 0002601_19050218_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
PAPER.

If one were asked, "What is the most übiquitous material in daily use in Great Britain? "the answer might well be," Paper." Few commodities weigh more in proportion to their bulk, and the bete noir of the railway porter is a trunk filled with books. It weighs like lead, and is responsible for more broken collar- bones than any other sort of luggage. In Far Cathay the making of paper from rice has been in vogue from time immemorial. Centuries before the Christian era, paper is supposed to have been fabricated in Egypt. Before the discovery of parchment, writing, however, was generally done on "papyrus," a species of Indian or Egyptian reed. Tha book of Josephus was thus inscribed on papyrus. It was amongst the treasures seized by Bonaparte in Italy and sent to Paris ; but it was restored in 1815. European paper was originally made of cotton. Rags were used for the same purpose in 1300. In 1866 wood was largely introduced into its manufacture, hop-stocks being used for the same purpose seven years later in France. But the world's out-put of paper is not confined to the pur- poses of writing or printing. In Japan, most of the houses are of oiled paper stretched across bamboo frames ; and in Europe pulped paper is converted into tables, chairs, carpets, barrels, boats, and so forth. In New Zealand it used to be possible to travel in a paper- made train—a material less liable to crack in the sun's heat than wood. Even pianos have been made with compressed paper cases. In Japan, pianos are made with keys of enamelled paper instead of ivory or 1 celluloid. For building purposes, paper has been com- pressed in America into bricks. In the Franco-Prussian War, thousands of French soldiers had the mortification of finding the soles of their boots had been made of paper instead of leather. The slime ssindle occurred in the Crimean War, and very possibly is being repeated f in the Russian War now.

:

===== 0002601_19050218_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 18, 1905.

to turn, with a om-irness mat was me cream. It smoothed out many wrinkles of unhappiness that had once been stamped upon his soul—yet still, it placed one other in the stead. He saw that here, in this hoOtropical climate—this place whose breath was like the breath of a panting wolf, and the atmosphere of which was as damp as the atmo- sphere of a Turkish bath—Cecil was growing old •almost before his time, that he was becoming infirm, and-losing the spirit that he once possessed in such exuberance. And the knowledge, as well as what he saw—as what he could not help seeing-- wrung his heart as in other and in happier sur- roundings, the increasing feebleness of a beloved ailing wife or child would have wrung it. And he would moan, and say to himself: "What is to become of me if he goes, and I am left here alone? Alone without a friend, a creature to care for me I What?" Yet he knew it had to be, that it must be soon. For they had been here seven years now, and Cecil presented all the appearance of a dog that was twelve years old. All its tan marks had long since grown white, its eyes were blurred and misty, it never jumped about kim, and barked and ran ahead of him, and leapt joyously when they went out in the cool of the dawn or of the sunset. But, instead, when it went with him—for it never refused to do that !—it walked slowly at his heels, limping sometimes, as though in pain, and throw. lag itself down upon the earth as though weary and exhausted whenever he stopped for a moment. And then—then—he would pick it up and carry it some distance, and, next, let it walk a little, and then carry it again. For Philip Horton loved the creature more and more as it gave signs of going away and leaving him alone in his desolate, mournful life; he loved it so much that, now, he would not have exchanged it and its companionship for his own life, and his own wealth, and the bride who was to have been his—before he became poor! He would never have done that—never! They had been too much to each other all these years for him to part with it. But at the end7of these seven years Horton fell' ill himself—ill of a low malarial fever, and with no one to look after him but an old Mestizo woman, and with no doctor but a local greaser, who came to see him and give him saline draughts. He became so weak and feeble that he could not move off his bed, and, at last, he believed that he was going to die. And he only had one thought that grieved him, only one pang that accompanied that belief. What would become of Cecil; who would there be to look after him as he grew more and more infirm—and—and—how would the creature bear his loss? What would become of it, what would its anguish be when it was taken away and, perhaps, flung into the sea as a useless, worn- out thing? God! what would pass through its mind as it was treated thus, because he had gone away and left it I _

"We have been companions so long," he said, stroking its head as it lay by his side—which it would scarcely ever lea-re—"we might have kept company together a little longer. Ali f Cecil, bitter as it would have been, you should have gone first, not I. I, at least, should have understood." Then, one day, as still he grew weaker and weaker, and the doctor's face grew longer and longer every time he came, Philip Horton raised himself on the low camp-bed on which he lay, and said, speaking firmly "Come, tell me the truth? Am I going to die?" For a moment the man did not answer, though he was used enough to telling people in that sickly, malarial place to prepare for the worst; but on Horton's insistence, he said, quietly: "Yes, I fear you are. You grow weaker, and your pulse gets higher: I fear it is so. Be brave! "Brave! Bali! What do you think I care? Except for one thing—this," and he touehed the head of the dog lying by his side. "Oh!" said the doctor, callously—what were dogs to the dwellers in Fort lilirabella but miserable, wretched creatures, that lived on the offal and scourings of the pestilential coast! "oh! you need not trouble. They say they are spreading contagion; they eat filth and then poison the atmosphere and the people they caress. They are all going to be killed. There is an order." "What! An order to kill them 1" "Yes. To take them all away and drown them. It will do good." "Will it? Well, we shall see."

After the man he:el gone, he lay thinking of this all day and on into the night; thinking of it, wondering if they would come and take Cecil before he died himself, or whether the moment safter he was dead they would take the poor, infirm thing and drown it. And, again, he wondered what the dog's feeling's would be at being dragged away from him who had protected and cared for it so. What

"Give me the mtdicine-ehest," he said to the native woman who waited on him that night. "Give it me—put it on the table by the bed. I may Want it." _ _

Then, when she had done so and gone away, he managed to open it, feeble as he Was and growing more so, and to regard its contents. They were imple enough, consisting only of those things that one takes to the tropics, and, as a rule, scarcely uses. But amongst them was a phial of laudanum, and from this he managed to draw the cork with his teeth.

But even as he did so, he knew that he was getting more feeble, as well as less clear-headed. The end, he felt, was very near. That cold, clammy perspiration, combined with a raging tem- perature, that shivering—that-- Where was he? And where was Cecil? Cecil—the only thing in all the world that loved him, that he had to love. Ah, yes. The dog was here, in its accustomed place, between his left arm and his side. It was always here now—always! It, at least, was faithful; a poor master was the same to it as a prince, or a millionaire, and it licked his hand, it was glad to be close to hint. To be with him. Delirious as he was now becoming, he knew that. "Had be done it," he wondered, a few minutes later. "Had he? Yts, he remembered. A second two he had opened the dog's mouth with his own and, and had poured the laudanum into it with the other. And it was so weak that it had not struggled; nay; it had licked his hand again—just before it gave one shudder, one convulsive grasp— and had then stretched itself out inside his arm, quite straight and with no movement ,except the quivering of its legs. And now it lay still in its own place—so still. How happy they were together! How happy now What did it matter that the light had gone out— that—that—he was 'going too ? They were together now. And they would be always.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
tCopyright.)

AN' EXILE'S I)0G.

BY JOHN BLOTJNDELLE-BURTON Author of "Atross the Salt Seas," "Fortune's My Foe," "The Clash of Arms," "The Scourge of God," &c.

A man stood on the steps of a well-known hoiel in Southampton on a warm rainy night in November, and . looked up and down the 'deserted street, while seeing that there was scarcely a living creature in it. The rain persistent—and, if anyone was caught in it, drenching to the skin— had even driven away at last an organ-man, who had been grinding out his tunes, while the vendor of hot potatoes had departed, too. There was not a soul to be seen.

"Well," this n-..n said, as be knocked/the ashes out of his pipe and prepared to seek the warmer and more cheerful precincts of the hotel smoking- room, "it's suitable to me at any rate. My existence in England has come to an end in gloom, I may as well make my exit from the country in gloomy surroundings." Then he turned as though to follow out his intentions with regard to the smoking-room, yet paused in this action as if to take a final glance at the one miserable living creature which was in the street, and which he had for some time previous been regarding. This creature was a little, muddy, and rain- snaked fox-terrier pup which, ever since Philip Horton had been standing smoking on the hotel doorstep, had been whining piteously at the door of an empty house • across the road, and had also been shivering within its skin as only young pups of six or eight weeks old seem capable of doing. Nor had its whines appeared to have any effect, so far as compassion was concerned, upon anyone in the street, since only once had a window in the house next to the empty one been opened, and that only, to enable an elderly woman to fling a piece of coal at the miserable object below, and next, since this missile missed its mark, to empty a basin of dirty water on it. "Left behind," muttered Horton to himself as he now regarded the poor little beast for a second time, "left behind and forgotten. Or lost, and does not know where to go to. Poor little brute. It wants a friend badly. Well, so do I, Heaven knows. And if I were not going to South America to-night I'd be its friend. All the same I'll have a look at it.", Whereupon, suiting the action to the word, he went across the road, oblivious of the rain, and, approaching the pup, stooped down towards it, noticing how, at first, it shrank slowly away from him, then wagged feebly 'its little docked tail as it crouched over on to its side, and, next, licked his hand as he touched it gently. "Not badly bred," Horton said to himself, as now he lifted the little niite up and looked at it by the light of the street lamp; "and well marked. Yet almost starred, and wet and miserable. Poor little brute I" be said again, "poor little brute r" and he lowered his head and touched the dog's forehead with his cheek, and rubbed some of the wet off its back with the sleeve of a long frieze overcoat he wore. While as he did so the creature whimpered with pleasure, and put both its little fore-paws around his arm as though to hold Horton to it, and began to lick his hands furiously. "No home, no friends—nothing but the streets," Philip Horton said, "and no food. Nothing before you but starvation or the' mange and distemper, and then the docks with a stone round your neck. Why, even South America, with me for a master, would be better than that, wouldn't it, you miser- able little outcast, eh 7"

And for reply the little thing still licked his hands and clung to him tightly with those poor puny little 'fore-paws, and looked up at him with pathetic glances that might have stirred a heart .of marble. Which Philip Horton's was not. "Well." the latter said at last, half to himself and half to the dog, "I'll try. They shan't fling you overboard, I'll swear, once I have got you in the ship, no matter what their rules about dogs are; and if they want a fiver or a tenner for your passage, why! I'll pay it, poor as I am." After which he opened the front of his great frieze coat , and thrust the little thing inside, all muddy and wet as it was, and went back to the hotel. "I want a friend," he said to himself, "Heaven knows I ; and your kind, at least, are 'faithful, no matter whether we are poor or rich, or wild or steady."

"Fort Mirabella V.-Consul (vacant). Two hundred) and fifty pounds and fees," was what the reference books said at the beginning of the year, and it was the vacant vice-consulship which Philip Barton went forth to fill on that wet night. He went forth with bitterness in his heart if with no curses on his lips. He went into exile on two hundred and fifty pounds a year and fees, which, in good times, amounted to ten pounds annually— he who had started life with four thousand pounds a year, a house in Green-street, Hyde Park, and the prettiest promised bride that any man ever had. Now he had none of those things, and you: may imagine for yourself how he had become die- possessed of them. You can do it easily if you are a student of the society papers, as well as of those interesting records of the bankruptcy-court with which we are sometimes favoured, and if you know anything of the movements of worldly young women's In B,,its. Perhaps you have heard—on the stage if not in real life, as well as in -novels—of girls who have said that: "It is father, not I. You know that I should never go back on you," and so forth. And if you don't know you can guess, which will do just as well. Instead of all those favours of Fortune, Philip, had now got that vice-consulship in South America, ' which had been procured for him by a gouty and irascible uncle, who fervently hoped that his graceless nephew would never come back from it, though he was too much of a gentleman. to utter these thoughts to anyone. And he had also got a wooden house outside the town called Fort Mirabella, in which he slept and smoked, and drank a good deal of "Devil tickler," which was supposed to be whisky; and he possessed one or two acquaintances who had been farmers in England and were now engaged in the South American preserved meat trade, and who lived about twenty miles inland from the fort and came to see him about once a month. And these, with some half-castes and "greasers," were about all the people he had to exchange a word with. But he had got the dog I And he had christeneg it Samuel Hodgson, because that was the name of his late fiancee's father, whom he hated. Yet he had learnt to care for the creature so notch that he was thinking of calling it Cecil, which was the name of the girl he had once loved so madly, and —Heaven help him !—still loved. The ship's butcher looked after Samuel Hodgson —at that time unnamed; the skipper, who was a good fellow: although he did walk about what he called his "quarter-deck" in white kid gloves, made no bother over its being on board or sleeping in Horton's cabin, and so it arrived with him at Fort Mirabella and was, indeed, his one and only friend. Friend! Nay, it was more than that, far more. It was his alter ego, his other self. Him- self! They ate together of the same things, they lay together on the same bed, went out in the boat together. They were never apart. Let those who have led a lonely, solitary life, and especially those who have never seen any glimmering hope of the future being ever any better, but who have still had such a friend and comrade ag Cecil Hodgson—as the dog was now called—reflect upon what the creature had become to him aid he to it. and they will understand Philip Horton's feelings. !et as time went on, it brought easier reflections to Philip, even while, in another way, it threw its (lust of oblivion on much that had once 1... r...

===== 0002601_19050218_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
[TILE END. 1

.„ •

WIDNES GAS ENGINEER'S SALARY.—EID INCREASE. At Widnes Town Council meeting on Tuesday the question of increases to salaries to various officials was brought up.—Alderman Timmis moved the minutes of the Gas and Water Committee, which contained the proposed increase in the gas engineer'e salary from £750 to £9OO. He did not wish to say much because the matter had been previously threshed out ; although he was aware there was a strong difference of opinion. I Mr. Carr asked to share some of the benefits which the town was enjoying through his management. The increase would bear comparison with • other neighbouring towns.—Mr. Hurst asked if the gas works belonged to the Corporation. Did the engineer hold any shares? And if he did not receive his increase, would he send in his resignation ?—To all these ques- tions Alderman Timmis replied that the works belonged to the'Corporation, the engineer could hold no shares and the latter question be could not answer, because he had not heard any such statement.—Many of the mem- bers were sore on the point of the increase, and as many were in favour of the showing of their apprecia- tion of the services of the engineer ; and in conse- quence on the vote being taken, eleven voted for and eleven against, so it devolved upon the Mayor to give his casting vote, which he did in favour of the increase. —Various increases to other officials of the Corporation were unanimous.

_ I._ - _

:73 :

===== 0002601_19050218_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CYCLING CLUB. !

A Successful Season Reviewed,

ANNIIAL MEETINC.

There is always a certain amount of pleasure and gratification in recalling the experiences of a successful cycling season and on Thursday evening a good muster of members of the Warrington Cycling Club listened with manifest interest to a review of the long series of outings and social functions which marked the year 1904. The occasion was the annual meeting which was held at the Patten Arms Hotel, under the presidency of the genial captain (Mr. D. Hodge). THE REPORT.

In presenting the 19th annual report, the hon. secretary (Mr. E. Pickavance) said it gave him great pleasure to inform the members that they had been favoured with a most successful season. 'I he weather, with the exception bf a cold damp Easter, had been all that could be desired. The sun had scarcely ever hidden his brightness from early spring to late autumn, and their runs together had been many, long and unchecked, through scenes continually glori ilied by the light of his smile. They could recall a delightful series of pleasnt runs among fair, unexpected nooks of nature, of exhjlarating spins over the breezy uplands midst sombre'pines lit up by golden bracken, of sweet indolent loiterings through shady avenues and along the banks of reedy meres and rippling streams ; strolls through forest glades, mid banks of glowing heather and dreamy sails up the lovely winding reaches of the river Dee—an unbroken series of pleasurable wanderings, which could well compare, if not excel, the experiences of any other season.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUNS DESCRIBED.

The opening run took place on Saturday, March 26th, Warburton being again selected for the fixture. The weather was dull and cold, but about 20 members and friends assembled at Mrs. Barff's hospitable board. A game of bowls before tea, and a convivial evening after- - wards brought to a close a most enjoyable opening fix- ture. On Saturday, April 30th, their usual inter-club run with the Manchester Wheelers took place, Hoo Green being the venue. Over 20 wheelers met nearly the same number of "our boys" and indulged in a friendly bout at bowls. The War- ringtonians's superior knowledge of the " geography " of the green again told and they retired victors by 23 points. The opening Tuesday night run was held on May 2nd. The night was cold and showery, but over 30 members and friends arrived in time for the smoker at Sankey. The captain (Mr. D. Hodge) occupied the chair, songs of various natures were rendered by numerous artistes, and a most enjoy- able evening was the result. On Saturday June 25th Ladies Day was the fixture, Lower Peover being the destination. Unfortunately the clerk of the weather was in a bad humour, and owing to the showery nature of the weather only three ladies turned out, but despite all drawbacks a pleasant afternoon was spent. On Saturday July 9th the members were again entertained by their worthy President (Mr. Naylor) and his good lady at Beeston Towers. The weather ,was glorious, and over forty members accompanied by about 30 lady friends were present, in aadition to a numerous house party of Mr. Naylor's. The usual high class "alfresco " tea was done justice to, and then, proceeding to the lawn in front of the house,a couple of hours were accorded to song and jest and merry dance. After hearty thanks to the host and hostess, the National Anthem, and ringing cheers, the party started for home. The return journey was a treat, the glorious ride across Delamere Forest being superb. " ThE meadow fields were waving in the sunset like a sea; a billowy deep whose flowers flashed like the foam." This fixture must undoubtedly be classed as one of the red letter days in the annals of the club, and their sincerest thanks were due to their hospitable president for his kind thoughtfulness for their interests. On Saturday, July 23rd, another inter-club run with the Manchester Wheelers took place, the destina- tion being Cranage. After tea a cricket match was pro- ceeded with. The wheelers bated first and totted up a total of 63, but when the Warrington side went in the shades of night were drawing in. However after amassing 22, for 2 wickets. the Jessop of the Warrington side hit the ball into a field of corn, and the match had to be declared a draw. On Saturday August 6th, they again honoured the fixture known as president's day.A splendid turn out of 37 members and friends arrived at Chester and proceeding to the river, sailed by the club's private cruiser (belonging to Mr. Capner), to Eccleston Ferry. On Saturday, September 17th, the annual Fishing Matah was held at Acton Bridge. The weather was ideal and nearly 30 members arrived at the river's brim. The con- test was entered into with great spirit, one enthusiastic angler trying to annex the finny tribe with a bun for bait. After the match, the potato weighing machine was brought out and after careful manipulation it was found that J. Podmore had taken the Ist prize, J. H. Smith 2nd and F. Garnett the 3rd. The final Tuesday night run took place on September 23nd. A hot pot supper was first partaken of by between 20 and 30 mem- bers, and afterwards an impromptu smoker was held and a jolly evening brought to a close a successful series of night runs. On Saturday October Ist, the closing run of 1904 took place, Knutsford being the venue.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
SPORT, &C;

The ancient game of bowls had proved most attrac- tive on Wednesday evenings. The Chapel House green had been well attended every week, and the members were to be congratulated on haying secured this green for one night of the week for their exclusive use. Two mains had been played, the prizewinners for the first being Messrs. F. Redfern, G. Bowman and J. Bellian, and for the second Messrs. F. Barber, G. H. Smith, W. Unsworth and E. Pickavance. A bowling match was also played with the Widnes C.C., which resulted in a victory for the visitors by 11 points. Another feature of the season was a cricket match played on the War- rington ground between the cycling club and a Warrington eleven. After a good match they were just defeated by one run.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HOLIDAY TOURS.

The holiday tot7M--(triais-iiin-e—li.; might say, per i cycle in many nstances) had been greatly enjoyed. At Easter a large crowd gathered at Llanfairfechan and had a jolly time another company having a good holiday in the Vale of Llangollen. At Whitsuntide a fair number cycled round Ellesmere„ Oswestry and Llangollen and August Bank Holiday Tour joined quite a good muster in Shropshire and North Wales. The attendance at Club rooms this season had averaged 12 for Saturdays and 14 for Tues- day nights, exactly the same as last year. The attend- ance prizes for Saturday and Tuesday runs combined had been won by Messrs. D. Hodge and G. Bowman whilst Mr. J. G. Chappell took the prize for Tuesday runs only. Owing to the depression in the trade of Warrington, and also considering the many claims there had been an the public of late, the committee deemed it inadvisable to promote a Fancy Dress Parade and Demonstration

SOCIAL FUNCTIONS

The social side Oiti;--pita-t: season had without doubt proved an unqualified success. The Billiard Handicap, now in its closing stages, attracted an entry of 38 mem- bers. and the best thanks of the Club were due to Mr. W. E. Kiernan, of London, for so kindly presenting them with the prizes for it. On Saturday, November 12th, the usual Billiard Match with their old and valued friends, the Manchester Wheelers, was played at War- rington headquarters. This year the home club had the pleasure of winning every game, beating their oppo- nents by 195 points.—On Saturday, January 21st, the Wheelers entertained the Wartingtonia.ms at Manchester and treated them right royally. The match resulted in a win for the Wheelers, the Warrington team only managing to win two games out of the eight played. Afterwards the combined teams took ten together. Three first-class smokers had been given during the past season. and, needless to say, had given great pleasure to all who had the privilege of being present. The best thanks of the club were due to the many artistes, who so willingly gave their services at these functions, which did so much to keep up the popularity of the club and served to while away many a winter evening.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POSITION OF TILE CLUB.

The club numbers now stood at 82 active members and 11 honorary members which was an increase of 9 over last year and which proved at once, that the club was in no immediate dangler of dying out from lack of members. The treasurer's balance sheet showed that after meeting all expenditure their balance bad still further increased. That was extremely gratifying and proved that they had a good man in the parson of their Chancellor of the Exchequer. There had been eleven Committee meetings during the year. They bad been . well attended, and the business promptly and efficiently dealt with. He took that opportunity of thanking the committee personally, and the members generally, for the kindly support and sympathy which he had at all times received from them, during his many years of office,and especially he tendered his best thanks to Mr. F. Garnett for so kindly taking over the secretarial duties for a couple of months during his I recent great bereavement. g.'heir thanks were due to the local press for their excellent reports of the various functions of the club, also to Miss Kiernan for the free use of rooms for the r any meetings and social gatherings they had held, also to Mr. W. Unsworth for his liberal terms with regard to the Chapel House Green, and to all who had helped to make the past season such a great success. _ _

ORITTJAR Y. It was with ieelings of the deepest sorrow that they had to record the loss during the year of two old and valued past supporters of the club, Mr. E. Pickavance an old Vice-president, and Mt. W. Bellian fan ld member, who for some years regularly attended their rune. The club sent beautiful floral tributes, and was officially represented at both funerals, and he could assure the members in all sincerit3, that both the bereaved families felt deeply grateful for their kind sympathy.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
LOOKING BACK WARD.

In looking backward over the proceedings of the club eluting the past season, it could safely be said that they I had had a good progressive year,and a little more exer- tion and interest on the part of each individual member would still further raise the present high standard. In 1 conclusion, said, Mr. Pickavance let us wreathe into garlands the many miles we have ridden this season, decorate them with the memories of the fair things we have seen, and lay them gratefully at the shrine of the

===== 0002601_19050218_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
P 1

Equals in c or Te

-

===== 0002601_19050218_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA INCREASING

The Influenza Epidemic is again spreading over the country. The visitation of a very prostrating nature, and the disease is certainly on the increase. The origin of the disease or rather the circumstances which bring it about is as muck a mystery as ever. You cannot trifle with Influenza. It indermines the Nervoas System to a greater extent than almost any other disease and it is Pneumonia that kills, and Pneumonia strikes the man who imagines he has only a mild form of Influenza, and can go about the street just as usual. It can hardly be doubted that the prevalence/of Chest and Lung Complaints must 1.3 ascribed to the baneful influence of Influenza, whose after-effects so frequently take this form. It was a bel day for this Country wt• an this malignant scourge first visited our shores. Year after year it has never since failed to revive at its due time, and to extort ill tribute of human life. Having observed its ravages, and its dreadful effects upon the constitution on the occasion of its former visits, we cannot but regard its recurrence with much , fear, as a great many have not yet, if they ever will, regain their former health. As a Preventative, we know of nothing equal to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. A I few strong doses taken in time have often proved effectual in warding off attacks of this Malady, and always succeed in mitigating their severity when a patient is under their influenc3. Do you suffer from Chills, alternating with Sudden Flushes, Severe Head- ache, accompanied by difficulty in breathing, and symptoms of CaLarrh, Pains in the Ctest, under and between the Shoulder., and a suiffness and soreness of the Muscles, Loss of Appetite and Nervousness. If you suffer from any of these symptoms. know that they are the forerunners of Influenza, and it behoves you to resort at on, to a course of Gwilytn. Evans' Quinine Bitters. By common consent Patients every- where admit that they feel more depressed and miserable after an attack of influenza than while under its influence, pod more they feel aftlr an attack of any other illness. The best way to banish these miserable feelings is to t ke Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters Toe Vegetable Tonic. We can strongly and confidently recommend this Preparation, as it has treated severe c•.es of Influenzi, Heavy Colea,Extreme Weakness, and Langon with great3r src- -a Venn any -other kaos_i remedy. We may also add that as a remedy for Indig tior Sleeplessly- -s,Low Spirits, Nervousness, and Loss of Apne,ite, Ciwilym Evans' Quinir 3 Bitters stands uric ir 'led. It is sold in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. Pd, by r' Cherr 'sts and Patent Medicine Vendors, or seat dirt ;t, Cal eiage free, for the above prices, by the Sote Proprietors: Quinine Bat- ia Manufacturing Company, Limited, Llanally, South Wales. Avoid Imitations. SC3 the name" Gwilym Evans" on Label Stamp and Bottle.

Delicious

===== 0002601_19050218_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

a

WIPE'S SAD STORY.—ALLEGATIONS AGAINST A HUSBAND. Samuel Grindley. of Latchford Without, appeared at the Daresbury Sessions, on Tuesday, in answer to a summons charging him with persistent cruelty to his wife Elizabeth.—Mr. Browneappeared for the complain- ant and Mr. Steel defended.—lt was stated that efforts to dispose of the case without bringing it before the Court • had failed, the difference being as to the amount of alimony—Mr. Browne asked the Bench to order the defer lent to pay £1 a week towards the support of his wife and thwe children. His a zerage wages amounted to £2 ss. p3,.weeh. When living at Craven Arms, Shrewsbury, the defendant tried to strangle his wife and the ser‘ ces of the poll had to be called in. He associated w ith bore women. The defendant then left his wife and six children, and she never heard of him for 12 months. The result was that she had to go to the Workhouse with the children and it was found that he was living at Southport with a woman. Defendant wrote to his wife asking her to forgive him and to destroy a number 4 letters incriminating him and promising to provide with a comfor table home. She gave way and they livc ,get'•er again at We ring- ton, the defendant findine e nployrnent with a local firm She had only been in Nvarrington a fotimight when a woman foll Owed the defendant from Southport, and Grindley told his wife ti' it be should "continue to go with her." From that time he had never ceased to annoy his wife in the presence of the children.. Defendant's wife had not cohabLed with him for two years. His language was most disgasting and filthys and he was in the habit of kicking his dnaghters' book about the horse' and, damaging the furniture.— Mrs.iGrindley and one of the daughth : having 'given evidence in support of the above stat-nrent, Mr. Steel said the defendant had endeavoured to arrange an amicable settlement. He entirely denied cruelty to his wife, although he admitted there bad be . differencrs of opinion and that they had not been able to get along very well togetber. His earnings were not nearly so high as Mr. Browne stated. He was constantly out of town on behalf of his firm, and in the circumstances 12s. ed. a week was as much as he could aff•rd to pay.— The bench granted a separation order with 178. 6d. per week alimony.—Mr. Browne applied for costs, and the magistrates allowed four guineas. SPIRITUALISM AND FAMILY DIFFERENCES. At Daresbury Petty Sessions, on Tuesday, George Fern, 24 years of age, carrying on business in Houghton. street, Warrington, was charged with having, on the 18th November last, assaulted his mother, ulth whom he lodges, fled who is a shop-keeper in Walton-road, Stock- ton Heath.—Mr. Browne appeared for Mrs. Fern, who said she was afraid of her son. She bad not spoken to him for two years.—Defeudant : Why ?—Because you are a Spiritualist, and you will not give me five minutes peace in the hoube.—Complelnant said that on the day in question the defendant came into her bed- room. She asked him to leave, when he pushed her and her arm was injured by coming in contact with a piece of furniture. Some months ago he under.ook to clear out but bad not done so. He also promiehed not to assault her again, but he had not kept that promise. He threw some tea in her face and also a cup, which injured her. The result 4JI, 419 that she had to have the wound drc-sed by D.-. Parker. She charged the defendant nothing for his maintenance. Defendant denied the assault, but a son of the complainant said he saw a cup tnrown athis mother.— Sergemit Bowyer also gave evidence.—Defendant said his mother had thrown a flat iron at him. She was a Spiritualist and he could not have five minutes' peace with her. His life a not NVOI 612 living when she was in the house. He never hit her in his life.—The Bench -decided to bind the defendant over to keep the p ce for six months, himself in £lO, and another surety of £l9.—Complainant herself became surety for her son.

- - A FARCICAL "ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE." Albert Clarke, a young married mend." Regent-street, was charged at the Borough Police Court yestereay with attempting to commit suicide by jumping into a pit oft Wilderspool-road, on Wednesday aftei aoon—The Chief Constable said there were two courses open for the magistrates.—Either to send the defendant for trial or give him over to his friends. In his opinion defen- dant had been making an an of himself. Up to Monday last he had been out of work for some weeks, when he

===== 0002601_19050218_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE CUP

u.,,,,, .11 I it, s

Cocoa

digestible nutriment ?rib. Beef In Cups of any other Cocoa.

As supplied to the War Offlae.

j obtained employment as a carter for Messrs. Buckley and I Co. He had to cart clay from Mr. John Pem- berton's pit off Wilderspool Causeway. On the ,I day in question his horse got stuck in the I clay he tried unsuccessfully to extricate it ,J This annoyed him and he immediately ran towards the clay pit, and either jumped or /an into it. He (the Chief Constable) did not know whether be had taken soundings of the pit nreviously, but it was only three feet deep. Mr. • Joseph Smith, in the employ of Mr. Pemberton, went to him and told him to come out, but he refused, saying "No. Good-bye." Subsequently Mr. Smith got him out with a hool Extreme bad temper hat it teemed, worked defendant into rn excited state.—P.S. Smith was sent for and artificial respiration was tried and defendant was aft,- • wards taken to the,lntlttrary where he was detainedlle was subsequently t .ken home and watched by a poll( 3- man. The cost to the Borough had been considerable. He did not think the defendant had any genuine Inten- tion of committing suicide.—Defendant's mother promised to look after him and pay the costs (125.) and defendant was discharged.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Councillor Wilkinson,. Messrs. H. Thornton, G. Pirug, S.

Wright, acid W. Roberts. WOMAN'S SAD RECORD.—Mary Clarke, or Kilgallor, of no settled abode, was charged with stealing a shirt value 2s. 40., the property of Richard Tebbutt, draper, Bridge-street.—The shirt, it was stated, was exposed for sale at the shop door, and shortly after the prosecutor bad missed it P.C. Clarke found the prisoner with the garment concealci uncle her shawl. She wra slightly under the influence of drink. Prisoner was an habitual thief, and there were 44 previous convictions aL:ainst her.—She was sentenced to a month's hard labour. FIGHTING.—AIbmt Cade, 11, Howard-street, and George Hoarty, 11, James-street, were charged with fighting in Cackhedge-lane on the 4th inst.—P.C. Gibbs proved the case and defendants were tined 58. and costs each. WORKI NO A LAME HORSE.—William Ellison, 30, Selby-street, was summoned for cruelty to a horse by working it whilst in an unfit state on January 31st Jonathan Broadhurst, Bostock-street, was charged with causing it to be worked.—lnspector Gibson, R.S.P.C.A., said the horse was suffering from severe lamenesscaused by ringbone and spavin and was totally vont for work. Ellison said he knew it was lame and Broadhurst ex- plained that the horse was a low-priced one which he obtained to help him over a pressure of business. He had only given .£2 for it and did not intend to work it long.—Broadhurst now stated that he had no idea the horse was in such a bad condition, He had had it destroy€l.—The Mayor remarkrl that in the long run it paid to buy a proper horse. Defendants would each be fined in the costs (65.) BOYS' SUNDAY PASTIME.—TWO boys mama Samuel Griffiths, 8, Jockey-street, and John Humphreys, 16, ‘Varburton-street, were svmmoned for disorderly behaviour in Jockey-street on Fehr wiry sth.—P.C. Lewis stated that on the afternoon in question (Sunday) defendsnts and several others were making insulting remarks to young women who passed the end of the street Numerous complaints of this kind of conduct bad been received.—Defendrats were fined t in the costs (4s. 6d. each) the Mayor remarking that the police were determined to put a stop to such practices. TUESDAY.—Before Dr. Fox (presiding), Alderman Hutchinson, rid Messrs. W. Richsteton and C.

Jackson Holmes. His 66TH APPEARANCE.—On the evidence of P.S. Barnett, John Saguley, Croppers-brow, who made his 60th appearance, on a cbarsze of baying been drunk and disorderly in Bridge-street early that morning,was fined 10s. and costs or 14 days' imprisorment.

FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (Alderman Bolter Alder- man Smethurst, CouncillorbWilkirson. Councillor J. Roberts, C. H. Burgess, A. J. Jolley, G. Pilling. HusiieNid AND \Vim—Charles Henry Ashton, 33, Cartwright-street, was charged with assaulting his w:fe Sarah Ann Ashton, on .February St( il appeared for tire complainant, and stated that Mrs. Ash- ton curled on a fried fish end chip poratoe business in Cartwright-street. About a fortnight before Christmas defendant fell down and broke his leg. On Saturday he went out about half-past twelve end returned at fife in the evening under the influence of drink. His wife was out in town and returned about six o'clock. He commenced to abuse her, and as she was going about her domestic duties in the house he caught hold of her by the arms and forced her over the fireguard and buttei her in the face three times with his hti.d. .7n consequence her lip was severely cut and bad to be taken to the Infirmary where four stitches were put in the wound. She had suffered severe pain since.—Complainant bore out this statc- ment.—Defendant said that whilst he bad been in the Infirmary, his wife had been doing some underhanded work which he did not like. He admitted the assault but she provoked him. The trouble was caused by his mother-in-law.—A fine of 10s. and costs or 14 days was imposed.—Mr. Steel then made an application for a separation order, he Enid the woman was in danger of her life he asked for an order for Ss. a week. The magistiates adjourn: i the application for a month to see if the defendant would reform.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

BAND OF HOPE MEETING.—The Rev. J. S. Hughes presided over a large attendance at the monthly mrat- ing of Hill Cliffe and Stockton Heath United Band of Hope held on Monday evening. Recitations were given by C. Caine, E. Martin. E. Hughes, E. Wheeler, E. IlamblEtt, A. Gamble, F. Ratcliffe, A Hughes, E. Whitfield, T. Pearse, J. Yould, J. Whitfield, and H. Martin, and songs by Elsie Whitfield, May Isher- wood, Marion Begg, and Miss Jon( '3, while the Misses W. and M. Jones contributed a duet very sweetly. One of the principal icltures of tt 3 entertainment was the selections given by the Legb treat Brass Band Octette each item being well rendered and much enjoyed. The dialogue" Matthew Brown's Vow,' by merubels of the Bank Quay Mission Band of Hopc, was exc-cdingly well given, each part. bAng ni,aly represented. me speaker of tke evening was Mr. H. Wardinas, who, in the comae of a very earnest address, spoke of the growth and use- fulness of the Band of Hope movement. The usual , votes of thanks to ell who had taken part brought a I very successful meeting to a close. Master Arthur ;Whitfield and Miss M. England acted as accompanists,

"A Trip Through The Isle of Man." This was she subject of an intere3ting lantern le-- tore given in St. Ann's School on Monday evening; by Mr. Henry Taylor, police court missionary. Over 70 beautiful photographic slides, taken in various pelts of the island, and lent by the Isle of Man Board of AdvertiEing were exhibited. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Taylor,for the excellent manner in whieh the beauties of the Island trete deacribed. Mr Thomas, lay reader, manipulated the lanorn.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION. FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Warrington.

_ Points. 1904. For agst. Sept. 3 Leigh away 16 2 „ 10 Halifax home 0 0 „ 17 Hull „ 24 Bradford Oct. 1 Leeds away 311 ~ 8 Runcorn „ 15 Oldhim away 6 8 „ 22 Wigen ~ 29 Swintor Nov. 12 Hull Kingston R. „ 19 Batley „ 26 Hunslet away 7 6 Dec. 3 Widnes home' 9 0 „ 10 Salford 17 Broughton Rangers away 3 9 ~ 24 Wakefield Trinity „ 26 St. Helens 31 Leigh home 2 5 1905. Jan.

7 Halifax 14 Hril ' home 13 11 21 Bradford ~ 28 Leeds home 6 0 Feb. 4 Runcorn away 5 3 „ 11 Oldham home 710 „ 18 Wigo, away 25 Swinton Mar. 11 Hull Kingston R. „ 18 Batley ~ 25 Honslet home April 1 Widnes „ 8 Salford home „ 15 Broughton Rangers home „ n St. Helens away ~ 22 Wakefield :Mini

===== 0002601_19050218_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Runcorn.

Points. For ar°st. Sep. S Hull Kingston R. t P ao Batley „ 17 Hunslet home 6 7 i) 24 Widnes away 010 Oct. 1 Salford home 10 3 „ 8 Warrington away 3 5 „ 15 Wakefield Trinity „ 22 Leigh . away 3 6 „ 22 Halifax home 2 0 Nov 5 'Hull „ 12 Bradford home 011 „ 19 I ,eds away 715 Dec. 3 Oldb•tm home 0 6 „ 0 Wigan

1904.

~- 17 Swlntor - home 0 3 „ 24 St. Helens — away 5 9 „ 26 Broughton Rangers „ 31 Hull Kingston Rovers away 713 1905. Jan. 2 Hull „ 7 Batley „ 14 Hunslet away 210 01 21 Widnes home Postponed ' 8 Salford away 0 8 i'eb. - 4 Warrington home 3 5 „ .11 .))Vikffield Trinity _ away 0 0

- - ; 18 Leigh home „ 25 Halifax away Mar. 11 Bradford away , 18 Leads —. home ~ 23 Broughton Rangers ... home Apl. 1 Oldham .. away „ 8 Wigan home ,' 15 Swinton ~ 24 St. Helens

===== 0002601_19050218_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Widnes.

Points. For agst. .. _

Sept. 3 Hull „ 10 Bradford „ 17 Leeds away 813 „ 24 Runcorn Oct. 1 Oldham ‘ 8 Wigan „ 15 Swinton away 2 6 „ 22 St. Helens home 0 8 „ 29 Hull Kingston R away 028 Nov. 5 Batley home 3 0 „ 12 Hunslet away 514 „ 19 Broughton Rangers,- away 6 7 Dec. 3 Warrington „ 10 Wakefield frinity „ 17 Leigh away 014 „ 24 Halifax „ 31 Hull home 2 0

Bk. Jan. 2 Salford home 2 0 „ 7 Bradford ~ 14 Leeds home 3 4 „ 21 Runcorn away Postponed „ 28 Oldham home 5 3 Feb. 4 Wigan away 3 6 „ .11 Swinton „ 14 Batley „ 18 St. Helens „ 25 Hull Kingston R home Mar. 11 Hunslet home „ 18 Broughton Rangers home __ .

-§elfor'rd way Apr. 1 Warrington , 8 Wakefield Trinity 15 Leigh 22 Halifax

===== 0002601_19050218_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
St. 140Pns.

-

1904. Sep. 3 Oldha.m home 10 Wigan ), „ 17 Swinton „ 2i Broughton R.. away Oct. 1 Hull Kingston R. S Batley . away 7, 15 linnslet 22 Widnes.— away 7, 29 Salford home Nov 12 Wakefield Trinity home „ 19 Leigh .. away 26 Halifax home Dec. 3 Hu11...-..-.- away „ 10 Bradford „ 17 Leeds away „ 24 Runocirn ' home • 26 Warrington away 31 Oldham away 1905. .

Jan.- 7 Wigan „ 14 Swinton

„ „ 21 Broughton R. home , 23 Hull Kingston R. away Feb. 4 Batley home „ 11 Hunslet „ 18 Widnes home , 25 Salford away :Aar. 11 Wakefield Trinity away „ 18 Leigh ~ 25 Halifax Ape: 1 Hull.. , . home

8 Brad rotd 15 Leeds home 21 Warring,ton home

24 Runcorn- away

Points. For agst• 4 10 7 11 7 17 5 24 10 5 10 20 39 80 13 11 50 5 14 0 14 8 18

STEVENSON'S RECORD BREAK. Stevenson on Thursday scored 802, thereby beatil his previous best break ot 788 and constituting a wog( official record. Stevenson was presented with _a cbecl

K;-'7.o6—g-uiri-eas: Roberts made a break -4-3-f- 8-21 t Glasgow last monthbut it is not officially recognised

I I

===== 0002601_19050218_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1904

===== 0002601_19050218_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

NORTHERN LEAGUE.

First Division. \

Warrington v. Oldham.

This return match, which had an important bearing on the championship, aroused .a lot of interest at Warring- ton, and a crowd of about 6,000 people assembled to itness the struggle. Warrington were without tlnckenhall, otherwise both teams were at full strength. !rine weather favoured the fixture and the ground was In capital order., Mr. C. Gibson (Salford) was the referee and the teams lined out as follows : Warrington.—Hallam, back; Fish, Isherwood, Brooks, and Kenyon, three-quarter backs; Bate and Davies, half backs; Shugars, Thomas, Boardman, Cook, Belton, joiler, Swift. and Naylor, forwards. Olciham.—R. L. Thomas, back; Cash, Civil, Mac Lean, and Wilson, three-quarter backs; A. Lees and Dixon,l half backs; Futter, Ferguson, Vowles, D. Thomas, I aardine, Ellis, Owens' and Wright, forwards. Referee, Mr. J. Gibson, Salford. Touch judges, Alessrs. J. Underwood, Wigan' and F. Little, St. Helens. , Warrinston won the toss but were early on the defen-1 owing to faulty fielding and kicking. Oldham rushed play to the line and Davies foolishly attempted lo kick away with the visitors on him. McLean 2_harged the ball and scored a soft try near the posts, Ferguson adding a goal. Oldham were thus five points uP before the game was five minutes old. Warrington made desperate efforts after this, tie forwards, led by Boardman dribbling the ball into the Oldham quarters. Kenyon smartly robbed the Cildham likes and looked like taking the ball over, When he was whistled back. Fish did good work on the oPPosite wing, and one fine point of his deceived the Oldham custodian who left the line at the mercy of the NYarrington men. Thomas crossed the ball to Brookes, who secured and then fell, a groan of disappointment rising from the crowd. Oldham next created a diver- Cash dodged Kenyon cleverly and ran half the e"length of the field before passing to Ferguson, who was Pulled down in the Warrington quarter. Oldham's stay Was brief, however, the determination of the homesters again giving them the upper hand. Fish took a penalty near touch, and quite close to the goal line, from which Position he dropped a wonderful goal. Stimulated by the success, the Warrington men gave Oldham no quarter, and at last Bate, Davies, and Isherwood handled smartly, the centre rushing over the line and making the points level. Fish failed at goal, but a few minutes later he landed a fine penalty goal, and Warrington were leading at half-time by 7 points to 5 points. Turning round, Oldham had the advantage of the breeze and it soon became plain that the great wiertions of the home men had told on them. Oldham attacked hotly, and Cash was only just kept out. Warrington removed play to near centre. Here Dixon broke away from the weak tackling of the Warrington halves, and after some scrambling play A. Lees scored behind the Posts. Ferguson kicked another goal, and the visitors then went in for safety tactics. Warrington only once !),ecalne dangerous again, and then slow passing near the Vie lost the opportunity of a score. Final : Oldham 10 Points, Warrington 7 points.

!WAKEFIELD TIGINITY V. RUNCORN. This return match was played at Belle Vue, before 41)01t 4,000 spectators and ended in a pointless draw. LEIGH v. LEEDS. • The return engagement between Leeds and Leigh took Place at Mather-lane, in the presence of about 2,000 sPectators. There was no score up to half time. Leigh started well in the second half, a cross-kick by Dimbavin ending in Messer forcing Llewellyn into touch near the Leeds line. Leeds got relief at length, and a fine run by Thomas put them in an attacking Position, where a passing bout between Mosley, Bray- thaw, Thomas, blewellYn, and Bowen ended in the last- „named romping over the line at the corner. Wormald 'ailed with a difficult shot at goal. In the closing stages Leigh attacked strongly, and eventually Dunbavin broke through the defence from a scrummage in front cf the Posts, and registered a try. The goal shot was tPlaarently a simple one, but Dunbavin failed to bring Off, and thus the home team had to be content with a lawPthe match ending with the result: Leeds 1 try points), Leigh 1 try (3 points). lIUNSLET v. ST. HELENS. _ A crowd of some 4,000 persons witnessed this game at Parkside. 'Daley succeeded in obtaining a somewhat kicky try, Albert Goldthorpe kicking the goal. liorsfall was next conspicuous with a good run, and Shortly before half-time Smith scored a try, which was not improved upon. Ward added another try, Albert Goldthorpe again failing at the goal. From a pass by Rillen, Traynor scored for the visiting team, but he failed at the goal. When the teams changed ends the score was :—Hunslet 1 goal 3 trys (11 points),St. Helens 1 goal 1 try (5 points). From the restart Hunslet attacked, and indeed had the better of the play through- eta the whole of the concluding half. Jackson succeeded • debpping a very neat goal, whilst Ward added a try. :—Hunslet 2 goals 4 tries (15 points), St. Helens goal 1 try (5 points). HALIFAX v. BRADFORD. The meeting of these old rivals attracted over 12,000 a,Pectators to the Halifax ground. Halifax started in erilliant fashion, and within five minutes of the kick-off jr?e Riley scored and Wedgwood added the goal. "echan, Marsden, and Eagers gained ground, the former li'mag pushed into touch when he was going strongly or the line. Halifax again turned the tables, and a Vever passing movement, in which Morley, Hilton, and i;o_e_ Riley took part, ended in Williams getting over the after dodging two or three of the opposing backs. BrJ:—Halifax 1 goal and 2 tries (8 points,) ord nil. Bradford, who had the advantage of the —l:id in the second half, quickly assumed the aggressive and Eagers dropped a goal. Bradford forced another minor, but in the concluding stage of the game Halifax roused themselves, and by a strong effort the ball was taken over the line, and Wedgwood grounded the ball. Little failed at goal. Result :—Halifax 1 goal and 3 tries (11 points), Bradford 1 goal (2 points). SALFORD V. WIGAN. This match took place at Weaste, before 5,000 people. i4maa, catching the ball from a clearance by Mason, tcored near the corner. The same player failed at goal. !jr(r)?m the break up of a scrummage in the visitors' half, k. i1,,118 dashed through and scored near the posts. Lomas /lopluns "ing a goal from the place. Wigan attacked, and making a fair catch, Leytham kicked a goal from the plate. Half-time •.—Salford, 1 goal and 2 tries Points), Wigan, 1 goal (2 points).—On resuming, - Salford broke away, and Johns passing out to Thomas, t...12e latter gave to Bell, who scored cleverly at the corner The Wigan forwards played a good game, and the Reds ad the bulk of the pressing. Following up a good kick, Williams got possession and scrambled over at the corner, Loma.s's place kick being unproductive. The final scores were :—Salford, 1 goal and 4 tries (14 Points) ; Wigan, 1 goal (2 points). WIDNES v. SWINTON. This match was played at Widnes before 2,000 spec- ottors. Both tesms were well represented. In the first half Swinton had the wind, and Flynn placed a goal from a PenaltY. Before half-time Wailing scored an unim- proved try for Widnes. The second half was confined to the Swinton territory, but nothing further was scored. nesnit 1 try (3 points) to Swinton 1 goal (2 Points).

BATLEY v. HULL KINGSTON ROVERS. This garne at Mount Plessant attracted about 2,000 spectators. Though playing against wind and slope in the first half Batley secured a five points lead within so aurae-TT minutes of the start. Ultimately Cork, Chambers, na 7b2PcanY ran and passed beautifully, and the last- Over at the corner, scoring a nice try. Medley,,failed at goal. Oakland put the issue beyond doubt by Pl Made by acing a couple of line goals from marks Phillip: and Settle respectively, and thus Patley won by 3 ( 3 Points). \ goals and 1 try (9 points) to Hall Rovers 1 try HULL v. BROUGFITON RANGERS. be match was played on the Boulevard ground, rfore a big crowd. Broughton were only two points Pshind when they changed ends, and they were not long %a getting ahead. Within ten minutes Hogg broke trough, and scored under the cross-bar for Harris to Ck a goal. Result :—Broughton Rangers 1 goal 1 try k 4 Points), Hull 1 goal (2 points). BATLEY v. WIDNES. This postponed match came off at Batley on Tuesday, tuad resulted in an easy win for the home team by 10 rpints to 5 points. Fozzard and Tut-ton scored for Bat- Y, while Widnes were awarded a try for obstruction.

Stt:OND RESULTS TO DATE.

Points.

". W. L. a For Agst. Pts. York Barrow Dewsbury ' K eighley Huddersfield lB. H... 6... 1... 166... 66... 23 Pontefract l9. 9... 9... 1... 130... 112... 19 Rochdale Hornets 20... 8... 9... 3... 113... 114... 19 Castleford 22. BAL. 3. 75... 138... 19 Millom Normanton Brighouse Rangers 21... 6...14... 1... 87... 129... 13 Lancaster • 18. 4...13... 1. 62... 183... 9 Bramley Morecambe G. T. P. G. T. P. York 2 0 4 Barrow Keighley 11Lorecambe . Dewsbury 2 5 19 Lancaster 0 1 3 Brighouse R. Millom 23 13 Bramley . 0 0 0

LANCASHIRE COMBINATION. WARRINGTON " A " v. OLDHAM "A." Played at Watersheddings, Oldham, before a large attendance. Warrington faced a strong breeze in the opening half, and following the usual exchanges, a spell of give-and-take play was witnessed at half-way. Old- ham pressed as the result of strong forward play, but a couple of, penalties were well utilized by knight, and the venue was changed. The Warrington backs passed. and both Dickenson and Harris(made bold attempts to cross. Oldham again got down to the Warrington end as the result of strong forward work, and after Knight had saved Carpenter almost placed a goal from a diffi- cult angle. Barker was next given a chance, but failed to escape Harris. Oldham continued to attack, only to meet with a resolute defence, and at the interval the score sheet was blank. Turning round, Warrington were soon pressing, and clever forward work led up to Berry scoring. This was the only tangible record, and War- rington thus won by three points to nil. *Swinton (A), 3 points; Widnes (A) 2 points. Wigan (A), 247 points ; Salford (A), 0.

CHESHIRE JUNIOR LEAGUE. WALKER'S BREWERY V. RUNCORN RESERVES. - This match, which practically decided the champion- ship, was played on the ground of the former on Satur- day. The visitors kicked off against a strong breeze, and the home team were immediately on the attack. At half time they had registered a(goal) scored by Timmins) to nil. Re-starting, the visitors worked their way into t)ae home team's quarters, and from a scrimmage near the line, Brown dashed over and scored. The goal kick was a failure. The home forwards now worked hard, and Jackson scored at the corner from a pass by Moosey. Timmins failed at the goal kick. The home team again were soon on the offensive, and from some good work done by Gallop, Allen scored at the corner, after run- ning nearly half the length of the field. Gallop missed the goal. Result: Walker's Brewery, eight points; Runcorn Reserves, three points.

FRIENDLY MATCHES. PADGATE R.F.C. V. RYLANDS.

- On the ground of the first named,this being Padgate's last match before disbanding. Padgate kicked off be- fore a strong wind, Warren returning. From a scrim- mage in the home half, a round of passing ensued be- tween Philips, Cook, Cottam and Furness, ended in the latter outpacing all opposition and scoring a splendid try behind the posts. Bate converting. Half-time, Padgate 5, Rylands,'o. After the interval the homesters pressed but nothing tangible resulted. Padgate screwed the pack and Ashton and Leslie had hard lines In not scoring. Stedman broke through for the visi- tors but was well brought down by Furness. Rylands's were penalised for offside end 'ft,:gg placed a fine goal, Ryland's forwards rustled tue scrimmage, but with a clear field failed to score and Moseycleared the danger. Result, Padgate 7 points, Rylands nil.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUNG GIRLS-IN DANGER. ,

ANEMIA SHOWS IN PALE AND BLOODLESS LIPS, IT LEADS TO CONSUMPTION. DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS FOR PALE PEOPLE HAVE SAVED MANY LIVES THUS THREATENED.

Saddest and most pitiful of sights is a young girl gradually. drifting to the grave through the dire influence of Amenua. Weak for want of blood—starved, because without blood she cannot digest and uso%her food—she has nothing but Consumption to look forward to. And all sorts of added discomforts beset her. She cannot walk upstairs without waiting to rest, for she is out of breath the moment she begins to climb. Her eyes are dull, her lips pale, THE BONY HAND OF DEATH _ .

MY Lies FRIGHTENED M. What food I ate lay like a load on my chest. I could not digest it at all. I had such Indigestion that I was loath to eat the simplest food. "My exhausted and bloodless state I had heard described as Ansemia. Many of the girls with whom I work had had the same complaint, and they told me Dr. Williams' Pink Pills would cure when nothing else could. They wrought wonders. I only found it necessary to purchase a single box. To my relief and joy I felt • WELL AND STRONG AFTER THESE FEW PILLS. Ancemia vanished, and a tinge of colour quickly came into my face. My appetite came back, and I can now enjoy a meal without Indigestion." Mrs. Benbow added her, testimony to her daughter's. , She said.: "Some years ago a young lady I knew suffered very much from bad fainting fits. The sufferer used to look sometimes as if she were dying, but since taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills she has gathered strength remarkably, and the last time "I saw her she had a colour like a rose. She attributed her good health to these pills alone." To PARENTS AND GUARDIANS. It is criminal to let a pale, funeral° girl drift into Consumption, merely for want of New Blood which Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are proved to supply. They are a safeguard against decline. Mothers know why they and their daughters need new blood more than men ; but men can be Anwmic, too. The weak back, easy fatigue, lack of interest in life, indigestion, and general nervous weakness which trouble both men and women, need new blood to cure them, and these pills make new blood. Nerves that need new blood to feed them show their need in Neuralgia, Fits, St. Vitus' dance, eventually Paralysis, Locomotor Ataxy, and utter breakdown. But Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People can cure all these things—the genuine pills. It is important to avoid substitutes, and pur- chasers should take care to see the full name, as above, lon the wrapper, before paying. Sold by all dealers, or , sent direct by Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn- viaduct, London, post free for 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d.

EARLESTO WN F 01716 RY FATALITY.-INSPECTION _ _ OF MACHINERY NECESSARY. _

Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner, held an inquest at Earlestown Town Hall, on Monday, respecting the death of Thomas Monaghan, aged forty-eight, labourer, of Liverpool-row, Earlestown, who died on Tuesday from the effects of a crane jib falling upon him at the Vulcan Foundry on the Ist inst. The evidence showed that the deceased and two others were removing a mo- tion-plate from a machine to a trolly, when the jib shaft came out from a top bracket. The crane had been erected by Michael James Ryan,ii skilled mechanic. Mr. Lewis, his Majesty's workshops inspector, said he had no hesitation in saying that the crane had not been properly erected. Every available eighth of an inch of the jib pin should have been taken advantage of. The crane should also have been regularly inspected. The jury in returning a verdict of " Accidental death," recommended periodical inspection. The Coroner re- marked that there ought to be a legal obligation put upon employers to inspect such things as cranes Mr. Lewis : It is coming. The Coroner : But very slowly. The House of Commons will think about it twenty years from now. •

Diagram 62 ehows a position for a run-through cannon, and the cannon is easy enough even fox a very ordinary player The chief thing in playing such a cannon ie to play it with sufficient strength to bring the white ball back from the baulk cushion to the other balls. If this is done good position is almost sure to be left. Most likely the balls will be placed for an easy cannon, or an in-off from the white into the centre pocket may be on. Or the red may be well placed for a pot or an in-off. Of course even if the rux-through cannon were played with such bad strength that the white ball remained in baulk or only came out a little way, the red might still be well placed for the centre pocket; on the other hand, if the cue ball were to catch the red badly and the white ball did not come up far enough, there would most likely be nothing at all easy for the next stroke.

Most ordinary players, when playing, run- throughe aim to hit the object ball with the same degree of fulness irrespective of whether they are playing the stroke at slow, medium, or fast pace. Allowance for pace must, however, always he made, for the stronger the stroke the more will the cue ball be deflected from the line of aim. For example, if the balls be placed in a position similar to the sue shown on

DIAGRAM a THE EFFECT OF STRENGTH IN RUM -HROUGH smoxvit

Diagram 63, a run-through cannon is quite a simple stroke, but if the stroke be played at a high pace, and the red be taken no fuller than when making the cannon at medium pace, the cue ball will be thrown off more or less as shown by the intersected line on the diagram. All players are aware of the great differenCe that exists between the throw-off Angle of a medium- pace half-ball stroke and a forcing half-ball stroke, but comparatively few ordinary players seem to be aware that pace has Ile same effect in run-through strokes, though strong run- through .strokes might very aptly ha called forcing run-through'. When playing strong run-through cannons, if note be taken of the strokes that fail, it will be found that the cannon is almost invariably missed through the cue ball passing the second cbject ball on the outside (as shown by the intersected line on diagram 621.; When playing strong run-throughs it will therefore be safer for ordinary players to always aim fuller on to the object ball than may seem necessary to them, and poor players might well do this in any kind of run-through stroke. When playing strong run-through cannons with com- position balls of any kind still fuller aim than is ih.cessary with ivory balls must be taken on to the first object ball for the simple reason that pace increases the off throw-off angle to an even greater extent with composition balls them it does with ivory balls. Even when play- ing medium-pace run-throughs with composi- tion balls aim should be taken just a shade fuller on to the object ball than is necessary with ivory balls.

is on her face. The sight of her brings tears to her parents' eyes. There is no need for all this. These Antemic Girls can be cured. All they need is Blood—new Blood put into their veins by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. The way that these pills restore poor ailing girls to bloom and beauty has become famous in every street. Read a typical case—MissFlorence Benbow, 3, back of 192, Heneage-street, Ashted, Birmingham. She tells her own story so intelligently that we can do nothing to improve upon it. The value of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills she proves by her own experience. "My first sign of illness," began Miss Benbow, "was that I could ....., not wok so well as before. I was con- stantly tired • ',., ,; . ~ : ilb.'i and sleepy. •The least , 4 , Icktli exertion over- t,‘; mit came me. My 1,- •A% ---1- it, s . x , ,'i - ,lei ik;,, ~) head oohed, 4 ul I was t.en giddy. I' 4, , ..'t . - ,f, 14 N'l.' itr-fiv ' ,s- A, 4t. 'king t o 1, 11 \ A i / s sop. 4.1.\,, , ,„c„..,...,,,,, lltnrfgreok:foeinuella: i' 0,•,,,' ' I , .4' N,Ajr o metim e s k (I), 4,4,41-41 w I ( ov 7, er me. 11l street (( 11,i ii 4 " ,0".- seemed turn- - ..- ing round and d. 31zes Florence Bellboy, who thought her roan end was near, cured of Anannia by When I Dr. Williams' Poil: Pills for Palo .Pcolifs, came home in the evening, mother would often remark, 'What a white face you have,' and, indeed, the pallor of nay cheeks and the bloodlessness of

of ani sti i Cl

"11

• /4# 9

===== 0002601_19050218_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
ough cannon, driving the objeci id out of baulk and back to the red.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
(TO be Continued.)

Vol. I. of "Billiards: The Strokes of Uri Game." 100 illustrations. By RISO LEVI. Is now ready, le. net.

Mr. Rise Levi will be pleased to answer in thee* columns all questions relative to the article appearing weekly, and as far as possible any questions cm other points in connection with the gate of Billiards. Envelopes shonid be .arksi "

The Original Cocoa, and a Speciality'.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

being distinguished from all others by its invigorating nutritious qualities and its delicious flavour. This Cocoa, con- taining as it does all the substance of ti() Cocoa Nib, maintains its leading position after three-quarters of a Century as

===== 0002601_19050218_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
-• l• 44•- • Co s A

the beat form of Coaoa for every-day ,isa.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
` -"c"t`l

===== 0002601_19050218_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 18, 1905. THE

V

===== 0002601_19050218_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
CORNWALL

British

===== 0002601_19050218_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Riviera

===== 0002601_19050218_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION.

EARLESTOWN Y.M.C.A. V. CROSFIELD'S.—At Earles- town on Saturday. The visitors had a weak team doing duty. Crosfield's started against a still breeze and attacked, the final shot going over the bar. Earles- town, aided by the wind, got near the visiting goal and being awarded a penalty scored a somewhat lucky goal. This aroused the visitors who several times were dangerous but shot wide. From a corner Warren missed an open goal by shooting over the bar. In the second half Crosfleld's asserted themselves, and Strettle had hard lines with a good "pot "shot which hit the inside posti and came out again. Strettle sewed from a penalty. The Y.M.C.A. went to the • other end and obtained a very soft goal. Llewellyn, one of the visitors, was hurt and retired from the play. The next item was a grand bit by Ritchie, who went " on his own "through the opposition finishing up by scoring a capital goal. Earlestown won rather luckily by 3 goals to 2.

SECOND DIVISION.

ST. MARY'S RESERVE V. STOCKTON HEATH RESERVE. —On the former's ground on Saturday. The "Heathens" were awarded a free kick in the first minute, but nothing resulted. Exciting play ensued and half-time arrived with the 'visitors leading by one goal (scored by Grainger) to nil. After the interval both sides scored once. Final: Stockton Heath, two goals; St. Mary's one goal.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRST DIVISION.

Goals .

P. W. L. D. Foi—A-g-it Pts. Warrington Albions l3 13 1 0 31 4 24 Lymm l2 7 3 2 31 13 16 Crosflelds Latchford Britannia Warrington St. Mary's lO 5 4 1 12 11 11 Earlestown Y.M.C.A. Stockton Heath Thelwall lO 1 7 2 6 21 4 Orford Barracks

SECOND DIVISION. Stockton Heath Res Vulcan A.F.C. l4 11 2 1 60 19 23 Christ Church Warrington Central Albion Res. Barnabas l5 5 4 6 26 23 16 Widnes St. Paul's ll 4 5 2 18 27 10 Widnes St. Ambrose *Daresbury Warrington St. Mary's Res l4 211 1 10 49 5 *Warrington St. Paul's l5 1 9 5 23 52

* Two points deducted for playing ineligiblo men.

Results a Saturday's Matches. ' First Division. Earlestown Y.M.C.A. 3 Crosfields

Warrington Albion 5, Ylielwall 0. Britannia 7 Stockton Heath 1.

Lymm 5, Barracks 1. Second Division. Stockton Heath Res. 2, St. Mary's Res. 1. Central 1, Vulcan 1. Matches for To-day. First Division.

Orford Barracks v.-drr-o-s-fi—eicis-,--re&ree, T. P. Forbes. Lynini v. Britannia, referee, W. H. Crowther. Second Division.

Warrington St. Paul's- v. Widnes Ambrose, referee, W. Nicholson. _

St. Mary's Res. v. Christ Church, referee, J. R. Davies. Widnes St. Paul's v. Stockton Heath Res. referee C. Taylor.

• Bs a aiFe, PERMANENT, Asi, W•RRANTED CURE FoR orofula. Scurvy, Bczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Disease, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, we can with confi. &nee recommend Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture. It certainly the finest Blooti Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light." Thousands e Testimonials. ecid everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless Imitations and substitutes —Advt 3. CALIKB'S 841 PILLS are warranted to 'cure, in either sex, all acquired for constitutional discharges from the UhAryOrgans, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mewury. listablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. ficl. rPcio, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt. FLORILINE ?—FOR THE TEETH AND BRE...TH.—Thoroughly thanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to the beth a peculiar nearly whiteness and a delightful fragrance to the brew it Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or Is. per jar for the Plod one " Powder," of all Chemists and Pert umers.— Advt. VALUABLE LIISC.)YERT FoB THE HAIR.--If your hair hi turning grey or white or falling off, use the MEXICAN HAIR IlEsEwEn, br it will positively restore, .0 every case, grey or white, hair to its original colour. IS makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth price 3s. 64. per bottle.—Advt. HOTHEIOI.—Prs. WINSLOW'S Soothing Syrup has been useol for over fifty years by millions of moth-re for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It Is pleasant to taste ; and pouces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes" as bright as a button." of all Chercusts Is. 1!cl. per bottle.— Ad vt,

===== 0002601_19050218_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
%111 1.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050218_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
IP%

Olga

Start the Day Right!

A good start is half the race. If you suffer from

Breakfast-table Peevishness

you commence all wrong. A world of meaning is contained in this phrase, and if the trouble arises from a torpid liver, impaired digestion or a "bad night," you will find a world of relief in a box of

===== 0002601_19050218_art0117.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050218_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
Beecham's Pills.

What is the good of food if you cannot eat it?

BEECHAM'S PILLS will strengthen the digestive organs and create a

vigorous and healthy appetite. What is the use of going to bed if you cannot sleep? BEECHAM'S PILLS will gently calm irritation of the nervous system

and induce sound refreshing sleep.

Sold everywhere in Boxes, Price Is. flcl. (56 pills)and 2s. 9d. (168 pills). Arllll.lllllNMEMlllausim

ak

PICTURE FRAME,

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

English and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding Speciality. Largest stock or Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTERN RCA/K. 16J pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FRFE ON APPLICATION.

H. MORELL, 17/ 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBU /W.C. LONDON W • Warehouses : 11, 12:and 13, Sears Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (in the rear). 1 elegraphic Address: --.• Rabbitry, London." Telephone 6135 Central

===== 0002601_19050218_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
.. .. ~. 4. LOZENGES EASILY CURE “ -„ .2,. ' THE WORST GOUGH, One gives relief. An increasing sale ~. of over So years is a certain test of their •,.. , . value. Sold in Tins 144. each. ;•: --„

• N. K.. TAKE -,? 1 b 1 eomPouil ‘ • • ~.' l''A.:,;;:----4:47';i:".::'.;ifr•. , .AsTiiiiA 6. BRONCtirriS , WOUGNS .DS •i --_,,35 YEARS It '`.--,---1"-ROVEN EFFICACY- :! i' —......___ AN EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REMEDY: II LOOSENS PHLEGM. -, ALLAYS COUGH- #II ..- GIVES IMMEDIATE REUEF - ll ' t ! "LINUM CATHAPTICUM-PILLS., •:- NI FOR INDIG ESTION 6 ITS EVILS. , 1 ' SICAHEADAGHE BILIOUS DERANGEMENT • dc- ' 1 AN AGREEABLE APERIENT. I 1 KAYS TIC PILLS •:. •:. , CURE FACEACHE 6, NEURALGIA. . ' • .> REATASE $1.49.57777/75. 4, 4 i SCAO BY ALL CNEMSTS TNROUCNOLIT GMAT BRITAIN S. TM COLONIES / _ - 1

===== 0002601_19050218_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IMMIIIMMINII

===== 0002601_19050218_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
)itY, at _

mga 'JOHN WALKER & CO.,

EXAMINER OFFICE.

BEWSEY SIREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ALL KINDS OF BRAT

CIRCULARS in the neatest style, from modem type, and of the best workmanship.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
HI MN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, k'ervices of Song. Festivals, &c.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMMES for Entertaintnente, Concertei ac.. in the latest artistic style.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
SICK, RECEIPT, and L'UBSCRIP lON BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
CATALOGUE3 for Public and Private Libraries, Auctioneers and Tradesmen.

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern, on b:ue, white, or fancy paper.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL facilities for all kiuds of EDUCATIONAL WORKS.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
PRICE LISTS Printed on card or paper illustrated, if required.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
ADDRESS or VISITINSI CARDS Printed from plate or type.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
_ ALL kinds of BOORS BOUND in any style. from the simplest to the most elaborate.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
DuLE BOOKS and CONTRIBUTION CARDS Int IL FRIENDLY t+OCIETIES, &c.

pROSPECTUSES, BA L A NCH SHEETS. and Reports of all kinds,

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES DANCES: CONCERT 4. BAZAARS. ffIERTINGs. SPORTS. SERVICES, TEA PARTIES. ANNOUNCEMENTS.

PROGRAUDIES

CONCERTS SOIREES BALLS BOOKBINDERS,

FOR FETES,

TEA PARTIES SERMONS

MEETINGS &c., &-c PAPER RULERS, Ac..

ACCOUNT BOOKS, &C. RULES PRINTED and BOUND for Odd fellow Foresters, Druids, Stlepberds' Sick, Burials and Trade Societies. Estimates given for all kinds of work.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

MXl'llOl7ll 3551 r. PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS LITHOGRAPHERS, &c.

BEITSEY SrRESTI WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19050218_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3i,:4,ANUd

===== 0002601_19050218_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FREE CHURCHES.

ANNUAL MEETING OF THE WARRINGTON COUNCIL.

The President and the Education Question.

THE REV. J. G. GREENOUGH ON UNITY

The Rev. J.. G. GREENOUGH, M.A., ex-president of the National Council, was the principal speaker at the annual meeting of the Warrington and District Council of Evangelical Free Churches which was held in Wycliffe Congregational Church on Wednesday evening. There was an encouraging attendance, Mr. C. E. Parker (president of the Council) being in the chair. Amongst others present in addition to the Rev. J. G. Greenough were: The Revs. John Yonge, G. H. Carnson, J. S. Hughes, H. Wall, C. L. Stowe, and F. Vaughan, the Rev. J. F. Matthews and Mr. R. Pierce Williams (hon. secretaries) and Mr. Robert Henshall, THE WORK OF THE YEAR.

DATE OF OPENING OF THE WINWICK HALL. The Rev. J. F. 3LiTTHEws presented an interesting statement on the work of the year, observing at the out- set that he was delighted with that representative gathering, which was certainly the largest Free Church gathering they had had for some years past. One matter which had been engaging the attention of the Council during the past twelve months particularly was the eetension and progress of the work connected with their Winwick Hall scheme. About three months ago the memorial stone was laid by Mrs. Parker and a very successful and hippy afternoon gathering inaugurated the new building. He was happy Ito tell them, on the authority of the builder whom he had seen that week, that the work had so far progressed that they would be able to have the building opened by the 14th March. (Applause). He was also delighted to announce that his good friend Dr. James Hope Moulton, of Didsbury College, had promised to preach the opening sermon. Dr. Moulton, it was inter- esting to note, was the president of the Free Church Council at Cambridge when a similar scheme was inaugurated and he would therefore be present at the completion and opening of a second hall. He had addressed a letter of congratulation to the Council upon taking that forward movement and ventured to express the opinion that it would be an exceedingly good thing for the country at large if in all parishes where Free Churches were not represented similar schemes could be taken up. Continuing Mr. Matthews said the Free Church Council had for some years been responsible for the holdirg of weekly services in the Workhouse. These services had not only ' grown in interest but they had during the year actually doubled in numbers. Where some twelve or fifteen months ago they had an attendance of thirty or forty they now had from eighty to ninety and sometimes a a hundred. (Applause). Miss Crampton kindly con- tinued to give her services, playing the organ and visiting the sick and infirm inmates of the institution. lln regard to the financial position, they had up to the end of December spent about £25 and the income had been about £l4 so that they owed to the treasurer £ll, to say nothing of the money they had spent from the beginning of this year to the present time. Although he was no beggar, he would venture to put in a plea to that representative gathering for assistance in carrying on the work. From what he had reported they would see that that was by no means a dead Council. They were trying to do all they could and they would do more if they had a much larger ex- pression of sympathy on the part of the churches. There had gone forth from the National Council a re- quest that in all big centres of population a YOUNG FREE CHURCHMEN'S LEAGUE

should be -started to study Free Church principles, and for the training of young men in Free Church history and in the art of public speaking. They had been very diffident in forming such a league in Warrington because there were so many meetings held already that one was afraid of multiplying such concerns, lest, like some others, they should go to the wall. If there was anything like the feeling of the churches represented that night that such a league would do good the Council would like to know it and to act on any suggestion which might be made. He would respectfully urge all the churches to see that their delegates attended the executive and Council. He hoped the inspiration they received from that meeting would result in increased numbers and interest and that it would eery soon effect a large movement of spiritual progress in the town they loved so much. (Applause). THE PRESIDENT AND THE EDUCATION QUESTION,.

The PRESIDENT, who- was cordially received, said he made no apology that evening for dealing with the question of national education. The subject was ever important, but it was specially so in view of the injus- tice which Free Churches recognized in the Education Act of 1902. (Hear, hear.) The State, for its own welfare as a social organization, had taken:over the education of its future citizens, deeming it to be a danger to the State that children should grow up untaught. In times past many of the departments of public life were discharged by the Church of England. The care of the poor, administration of wills, schooling, hospitals itc„ all the social duties in connection with these were at one time discharged by the Church. When great sections of the nation split of from the national Church, on doctrinal and other grounds, it wasl impos- sible for the Church to continue discharging these national obligations. Gradually these things had been taken over by the people and the State. In the trans- ference there had been a certain amount of friction, and in none more so than in the case of the schools. We were now in the transition state. The question of the control of the education of the children, especially in religious matters, was a very difficult one. Some found considerable difficulty in making up their minds about the Fiscal question, which was at present creating such a stir in the political and commercial world. To his mind the Fiscal question was AS clear, and as simple as a proposition in Euclid to a trained mathe- matician—(hear, hear)—and that because the basis of the subject lay altogether in material things But the education question lifted them to a far higher plais, and into regions of thought and ethics, which were to a great extent unexplored, orl at any rate unsurveyed. They had to determine the relative authority of the parent, the Church, and the State, and in attempting this they revealed some of the most fundamental and long standing difficulties which had divided men for centuries. To his mind, to harmonize the interests of parent, Church and State, (and when he spoke of Church he meant all denominations) in a national system of education was a practical impossi- bility, and he was doubtful whether any satisfactory compromise could be come to between the three interests , which did not involve a sacrifice of fundamental ideas. (Hear. hear.) The only direction in which he saw day- light was for

===== 0002601_19050218_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHURCH TO WITHDRAW

from the position of partner in this matter, and leave the question to be decided between the parents and the State. And here he thought lay the fundamental mistake in both the Education Acts of 1870 and 1902, although he thought it was possible that these were necessary steps in the process of transition. Both these Acts involved a partnership between parties whose interests were irreconcilable. The only logical solution and outcome of a State controlled education, was a State paid, education and the compromise of a jointly controlleo and jointly paid education would never work because it involved compromises in those things which were fundamental. The State must have its own school. provide and pay its own teachers. (Applause.) If the ground were cleared in this way, he did not think it would be difficult for the State, and the parents who formed the State, to agree as to those things in which a child should be educated. The people of this State believed that the world was round, or as they used to be taught, like an orange. There were a few who still held that the world was flat, but in a universal system must they not be governed by the general beliefs? In like manner the people of the State believed in the Christian truths taught in the Bible, a.s being THE BEST BASIS 01, MORAL CULTURE. Were they to exclude this because a small minority thought the teachings of the Bible erroneous? He was well aware that there were many of their friends, who held religious teaching in the highest esteem, contended that it was no business of the State to teach moral and religious truths, and who considered that in taking this position they were taking the only logical one. He failed to see anything logical about it. He might be wrong, he was only stating the case as it appeared to him. The State for its own safety had taken over education : to omit from its curriculum the highest form of education, that of the moral factiltieswhich was the greatest safeguard to the State, appeared to him to conflict with the reasons for which the State undertook the task. (Hear, hear.) For surely a State ran far more danger from citizens growing up void of moral and religious light, than it did from growing up void of intellectual culture. This country was a Christian country as well as ao intellectual one. But many of them might say in their minds that was all very well up to that point, but where was he going to draw the line between religious truths about which there was a general consensus of belief, and those truths which were of a sectional and denominational I:iaTacter. He repiled that he was not anxious to draw lines. Between one Thief Apprenhended at Warrington. country and another it was often difficult to find the boundary, but the more they A young man who gave his name as George wandered over the boundary the , stronger became Stephenson, was sentened to two months' imprison- the evidence that they Were in another man's land. meat with hard labour at Manchester City Police The difficulties of dividing lines had been raised no Court for stealing a silver cornet, valued at 12 in the schools, but by the denominationalists. (Hear, guineas, the property of the Rev. S. F. Collier, of the hear). But someone asked " are ,you to have religious Central Hall, Manchester. The prisoner offered the and moral tests, for teachers?' Certainly, but they must be national test, not denominational. (Hear, hear), article in pledge at Messrs. Jackson's shop in ,Antdeatecaliceiri ause et f believe that the world round 4 Winwick-street, Warrington. The manager, Mr. \ Kelly, having his suspicions, kept the instrument and practise a morality beansesTon the injunctions cmtiosnts of a D"tvainne ruler of the universe, and teach the children so, or ke called' in P.C. Tolley. lie apprehended the prisoner, who was subsequently handed over to the Manchester , was not fit to be a teacher in a Christian country. But 'some would say that the denominationist churches puce,

HAVE YOU CATARRH? EVERY FOURTH PERSON YOU MEET HAS IT. AN INSIDIOUS AND DANGEROUS DISEASE. WORSE THAN BRONCHITIS. Catarrh commences frequently by running at the nose; :sets up inflammation of the mucus membrane of the nose and throat, followed by a stopped up feeling in the nose and dropping of mucus in the throat. It partially stops up the air vesicles of the lungs' inflames the bronchial surface, sets up catarrhal bronchitis or catarrhal asthma, accompanied bra dry or loose cough, difficulty in breathing, with unpleasant hawking and expectorating. The mucus thus secreted works its way ' down the ailmentary canal to the stomach, catarrh of the stomach and intestines following. It then becomes a persistent constitutional disease, both dangerous and disagreeable, leaving the patient very susceptible to cold, and every additional cold aggravates the symptoms until it affects the bearing and gradually the sense of smell and taste. VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is the most efficient remedy for this disagreeable com- plaint. It acts directly upon the mucus surface, relieves the irritation, clears the bronchial tubes and air vesicks and relieves the stopped up feeling in the nose. It is infinitely superior to any local treatment. It acts constitutionally, clears catarrh thoroughly out of the system ; you feel better the first day; you begin to breathe freely through the nose and rest comfortably at night. Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CU= 91d„ is. IW. and 2s. Pd., at Chemists everywhere.

-

===== 0002601_19050218_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
4.TtiAZASMS3.Mitt,g /paw- twymilleilmallSlX

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENT. Authors of letters intended fgr publication must in all cases sent their names and addresses to the) Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matters intended for publication must be written on side only of the paper and sent in, if possible, not later than Thursday.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
The Price of Sugar.

Sir,—Certain statemeEts have appeared in the Liver- pool daily papers during the past week which have led to a good deal of misapprehension as to the present position of the sugar market and its future prospects. It may be interesting to know that the retail prices in Liverpool and district have ruled higher than those ,charged in Warrington and the neighbourhood, and that the so-called reduction so widely and sensationally announced does not denote that fall in the price of sugar that many cursory readers ef the public press so eagerly anticipated. As a matter of fact, the drop in the market price from the highest point is only Is. per cwt., and this does not affect all grades. it really represents about one-eighth of a penny per pound, a fraction of value which is unknown to our present oinage.—Yours &c.,

J. P. GORST, Secretary, Warrington Grocers' Association.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Lloyd-George's Speech. "Mr. A. H. Crostield Replies to Tory Criticism.

_ Mr. A. H. Crosfield has addressed the following letter to the observer" : Sir,—Your notes on Mr. Lloyd-George's magnificent speech follow a plan which may be effective in so far as you are catering for readers who neither heard it nor saw a report of it, and for that reason they deserve an answer. You have ignored the whole impressive argu- ment, as well-reasonal as it was eloquent, which formed the belk of his speach, in order to wrest a few statistics from their context. In one instance you have scored a point. When Mr. George spoke of our Exports to the United States as forty-one millions be obviously made a slip of the tongue. But that does not invalidate his argument. It is still a sterling fact that despite a pre- ference we send only twelve millions worth of goods to Canada, while all the "scientific tariffs" of the McKinleys and the Dingleys do not prevent us from selling to the value of over twenty-two millions to the United States. I turn to your main point. Mr. Lloyd George in his happiest and wittiest vein pointed out that despite Mr. Chamberlain's lugubrious prophecies of declining trade and dwindling exports, the Board of Trade returns actually show that our exports have increased by six- teen millions since Mr. Chamberlain began to prophesy • our ruin. This you say is to " misrepresent facts ' and you charge Mr. Lloyd George with ignoring "the fact that that increase is almost entirely accounted for by the increase in a single industry, the Cotton Trade,and • the additienal fact that the increase in cotton is largely accounted for by the increased coet of raw material and consequent inflation of the export figures." This is de- licious. Why must we ignore cotton? To be sure Mr. Chamberlain may well feel a grudge against it. It is one of those obstinate trades which so stupidly declines to square with his prophecies. But the rest of us cannot afford to waive it aside in this airy way. It may only be one trade, but it happens to provide a livlihood for many thousands of our people in Lancashire. Mr. Chamberlain has told us that "cotton is going." With all respect to you, Sir, and at the risk of being denounced as traitors and Pro- Boers for the heresy, we cannot help objecting that cotton is doing very well. Your second point is sheer a priori guess work. It sounds plausible aud almost intelligent, and yet it is hopelessly wrong. The increaue in cotton exports is not due to the increased cost of raw material. The whole Cotton Trade during 19V expanded, not merely in value, but also in bulk. To begin with the imports of raw cotton increased from 16,009,813 cwts in 1903, to 17,454,897 cwts in 1904—an increase, if you please, in bulk. The exports increased for yarn from over 150 million lbs to over 163 million lbs. In piece goods the increase was from 5157 million yards, to 5591 million yards. Can facts and figures speak more plainly.? Finally you state that cotton accounted almost entirely" for the total increase of the national experts. But why these adverbs ? It is just as easy to give the figures a.nd much more satisfactory to be precise. The increase due to cotton was 10 millions. The total in- crease was 16 millions. Is ten almost 16 ? So much for " Observer's " charge that Mr. Lloyd George " misrepresented the facts." Now let me point out that" Observer "has totally failed to follow the nimble Celtic wit of his adversary. He seems to have read the speech carefully and yet he failed to see that Mr. Lloyd George was chaffing Mr. Chamberlain all the while. Free Traders have never said that all is for the best in the best of all possible worlds when our exports show an increase. On the contrary, despite the expansion of our exports we are passing through a period of trade depression. We may be send- ing more cotton abroad partly because the home market is weak. It is Mr. Chamberlain who said that exports are the test of the nation's .prosperity. So that the answer is, "No. Thanks to your war and your reckless expenditure we are as a nation not doing as well as we could wish. And yet our exp,orts increase." What is the moral? Will " Observer in his Notes " next week point it for us? Presumably he does not regard Mr. Chamberlain as a erentice hand at economics, and so we shall await with. interest the conclusion which he thinks ought to be drawn. Exports are not in them- selves a test of prosperity, any more than large im- ports mean ruin. There is one country in Europe which satisfies Mr, Chamberlain's two tests. Year by year its exports increase; year by year its exports show an excess over its imports. Happpy Land !Fiscal Paradise! And yet that land is—Servia. The more of its rulers it murders, the further it plunges into debt, the lower its ,credit falls, and the more it must send abroad to pay its creditors, and the less it can afford to buy abroad. Arc we to follow the lead of Eervia ? A nice illustra- tion truly to this precious theory! With this little clue to guide him perhaps "Observer" will be able to read Mr. Lloyd George's speech over again—and under- stand it. One other point "Observer" makes against Mr. Lloyd George which needs a brief answer. Mr. Lloyd George stated that the unemployment in this country,bad though -it is, is not to be compared with that which prevails in America. That is notoriously true. "Observer" how- ever replies that our labour statistics show an average of 71 per cent, out of work among our own Trade Unionists, while the figure for American Unions is not much over 2 per cent. In point of fact the percentage of,unemployed was given on Thursday morning as 6'7 for January, and in fixing that percentage the Board of Trade went outside the Unions, taking 3,060 of its returns from employers and only 1,294 from Unions. As for America, Unionism has nothing like the extension there that it has here. It is strong only in a few dis- tricts, and there only in a few highly skilled trades. A percentage of from 2 to .3 among these affords no clue whatever to the mass of unemployment. The same thing is true of Germany. Finally " Observer " tries to frighten us with the terrible things which would happen to us if Canada should withdraw her preference in our favour. Has he forgotten that Mr. Chamberlain pointed out at the last -Colonial Conference that this Preference is amere illu- sion? No country can give the colonies more favour- able treatment than we do. We have given them a free _market for everything they produce and free Govern- ment for themselves, and we defend them into the bar- gain. And" Observer" is very much mistaken if he thinks they are unappreciative and unmindful of this open-handed Eot to say handsome treatment. Let us strengthen the ties of Empite by all means, but let us do so by rational raeans.—Yours, etc.,A. H. CROSFIELD.

Hoylake, Feb. 17th, 190.1.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, February 18, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
would never agree to this. He failed to see where the churches came in, if as suggested the State paid the whole cost of education, and owned or rented the schools. It was a question alone between the State and the parents, who found the money for the State education. In advocating the withdrawal of the Churches from this controversy it need not be thought that he undervalued tha work of the churches or of churchmen as such, or that he held not in high esteem the conscientious beliefs of those who differed with him, but he felt deeply that this painful controversy was detrimental to the interests of true religion—(hear, hear)—and especially to those of the children, and desiring to do what he could to end it be had ventured to put before them, he feared very imperfectly, his own views. (Applause). THE REV. J. G. GREENOUGH'S ADDRESS.

FREE CHURCHES MORE UNITED THAN THE ESTABLISEIED CHURCH. THE EDUCATION QUESTION.

The Rev. J. G. GRENNOUGH, who was heartily greeted said he had listened vvith very great pleasure to the chairman's lucid address, and he rejoiced to be at that meeting and to find that the Free Churches of War- rington were fairly Nvell represented. He was sorry to hear they were in debt,but of course that was inevitable simply because they were alive. (Laughter). A vigorous institution was always in debt. It was only the decayed institutions, the antiquated, endowed institutions that owed nothing, and every church and institu- tion which had real life was sure to be in debt. He was glad to see they were united, not only in Christian thought and aspirations, but also in Christian work. One of the best features of the Federation movement was that it had brought , the churches really together ha joint action and joint I warfare. They had had a sentimental union among the churches for a great many years, and endless talk about their oneness. He thought he had heard at a hundr d tea meetings at least, Nit.. Jones, the Baptist, say of Mr. Smith, the Wesleyan, that he loved him as a brother —(laughter)—and he had heard Mr. Smith reply with great unction that there was no one in the world, except his own wife, whom be held in such peculiar affection as :Mr. Jones. (Laughter.) Then it had all evaporated in steam, passing apprehensions, and senti- ment, and there had been an end to it. To•day, think God, they were

===== 0002601_19050218_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
'UNITED IN MISSION WORE

all over the country, united against the enemies of the Lord, the real foes of this land—social evils, intemper- ance, unbelief, and injustice of every kind. (Hear, hear). lie could remember the time when things were very different, when the sects were sects unmistakably, in the narrow, invidious sense of that term, when they were almost jealous of each other and could hardly spare a" G od-speed "to each other. Thare was a good Baptist in Yorkshire who was heard praying at a prayer meeting and he said: "0 Lord, Thou knowest we are' not getting on very well in our Church, but we thank Thee that the Wesleyans are not getting on any better and the Independentslare a great deal worse." (Laughter.) There was a great deal of that spirit about as was instanced by the high wall in the shape of Calvinism and Arminianisrn which formerly divided the Baptists and the Methodists. Now they were devoutly thankful they had buried all that and forgotten it. It was as far away as Noah's Ark. (Laughter.) They had gathered round the uplifted Christ, lifting Him as He ought always to have been lifted, above every creed, dogma, party, and sect, and round His blessed and uplifted Person they had realized the union for which He prayed. Some people told him—he heard it very often now from sanguine people—that by and by not long hence they would have swallowed up all the denomina- tions into

===== 0002601_19050218_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE GREAT FREE CHURCH..

-- Well, he thought that was a long way off still, and he did not know he would like to bring it much nearer than it was. He thought the denominations could be perfectly loyal to each other, thoroughly brotherly and united, and yet not obliterate themselves. He remem- bered the great thinker and apostle said that through the Church should be made known the manifold, or many-coloured wisdom of God. That could not be done if the Church was to be all of one colour. They had thrown down the denominational walls—they could not look at each other over them—but there was no need to blot out the lines, because they could shake hands, and embrace, and kiss each other over the lines, and that was all they needed. They knew they were united already in all essentials—they were one great Free Church. They were far more one Church than was that Church which was always calling itself one and perhaps boasting of its oneness. They were far more united to-day than the Established Church was. (Hear, hear). Everyone knew that. Union there was more artificial and nominal than real and vital. They were united by certain very dear historical traditions ; and they were united by thirty-nine articles, most of which they did not believe—(laughter)—by the use of a common book of prayer which they interpreted very variously, and fl nally they were united by what he called a State chain, the weight of privilege and endowment which probably did more to Irgep them together than all the other links. (Laughter.) The very theory of a State Church was to promote and preserve union and to prevent diversity and what they called schism. The Established Church had had scores of Acts of Parliament passed for that one end—to make and keep it one and to prevent divergence and disunion. Yet, in spite of that the Established Church, by the confession of its own members, was

THE MOST DIVIDED CHURCH IN CHRISTENDOM. They of the Free Churches who had no Acts of Parlia- ment, no outside forces, no law to bring them together, without all those helps andsimply by the mighty Sp rit of God shedding abroad divine love in their hearts, had reached a lagre measure of blessed unity. (Applause.) He rejoiced that the Federation movement had given them a new name and so helped them to realize their dignity a little more than they used to do. He meant

_ THE NAME OF FREE CHURCHMEN. They used to call themselves chapel-people, and the others church-people. They were, he believed,indebted to the Wesleyans for that word chapel—the only bad thing the Wesleyans ever gave them. (Laughter.) It came originally from the Roman Catholics and it meant an annexe, appendix, or poor relation of the Church. (Laughter.) What it meant now he really did rot know, except that it was a mixture of bad Latin. corrupt French and disparaging ecclesiasticism. When the time came to bury it, he hoped he would be called upon to act as undertaker. (Laughter.) There were the other words, Dissenter' and Nonconformist,both of which were offensive, and equally so because they were negative terms implying that they lived for the very sake of differing and had no positive message to declare. To- day they called themselves very properly Free Church- men—Churchmen, and he claimed to be a Churchman. The Chairman had spoken of the Church of England. He (Mr. Greenough) never did so. They might call him eccentric, singular, or pedantic ; he didn't care. He would not allow one religious body in this land, how- ever great and important it might be, to monopolise the scriptural word, the Church, which belonged to them all. (Hear hear). Nor would he allow one religious body to

MONOPOLISE THE NA.TIOV XL RELIGOUS TERM, the Church of England. They could call it the Episcopal Church, the Established Church, the State Church or the Anglican Church. But the Church of England was truly the Church of Christ in this realm of England—all of it. It belonged to all the believing, Christ-loving people in this world of ours. They claimed all the rights and privileges of Churchmen, except heir bonds which they were not ambitious to wear. (Hear, hear.) They of the Free Churches were all free from the thraldom, the demoralizing rule of the priest. In the Free Churches of this land there was only one Priest—the Priest who diedlfor them, who bought them with His own blood, and who opened the new and living way for them into the holy of holies. They needed no other priest. They all said "We will have no human priest to stand between us and our great High Priest, and get the mastery of our consciences, claiming to have the power of tha confessional, of making the Sacraments valid. We will have no priestly yoke laid upon our lives and consciences. We are free." (Applause). Then they were free, and intended to be free from all interference of Parliament and Govern- ment in matters pertaining to their consciences, to their religions beliefs and their God. They were loyal and law-abiding citizens; none more so. (Hear, hear.) They said to Parliament "We will be obedient to all legisla- tion so long as you keep within your own province, which is civil and political, but as soon as you come out of your own province into that which does not belongito you and undertake to give us a prayer book, to order our creeds, to formulate our worship, to appoint religious teachers over us, then we shall say Take hands off. You have no more to do with those things than the man in the moon or the woman on the back of a half-penny." (Applause.) They were also free from the far heavier yoke of dead Parliaments. Men who had passed away hundreds of years ago had laid down binding and irk- some rules to fetter the freedom of the Spirit of God in coming generations. They were free from that. (Hear, hear ) Nearly all the High Church clergymen, among whom he had some very dear friends, were joining with them in

THE CRY FOR LIBIERTY. They could not bear the yoke of the living Parliament and the dead Parliament. They said it was intoler- able that a Christian Church could not revise its creeds, add to its prayers, or even reform its corruptions without the consent of Parliament. The members of Parliament were of course very good men, but religi- ously they were Catholics,agnosticq schismatics, and he hid ievedtherelwas aiParsee and one Mohammedan. Their High Church friends said very reasonably that .it was intolerable and they demanded that the power of dealing' with the Church should be taken from Parliament and handed over to Convocation—a body of spiritual men. Their demand was perfectly right, only it could never be granted without the penalty—Disestablisbment—and that they were not prepared to pay. He was proud another benefit had been conferred upon them by the great Federation—that it had taught them to respect themselves more. It had given them a new, a larger and truer consciousness of their dignity. It had helped the smallest church in the smallest village of the country to feel that it had behind it half the religious forces of the nation. It had helped those little communities to lift up their beads, and he really thought they wanted help of that kind. He admired the members of the Established Church because of their pride in their church. They gloried in its antiquity, tradition, liturgy, music and buildings, and they were

t4tte.jassrriarf ,

===== 0002601_19050218_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
quite right. But they did no glory in their church more than he gloried in the Free Churches and in their traditions. (Applause.) fie thought the Free Churches had been far too disposed in the past to take a back seat and be content with it. They were called by r. Gladstone, who was always wise in his use of terms, the backbone of a certain political party. The term was most aptly chosen, because that had always been their position—at the back. (Laughter.) They must remember that they were " citizens of no mean city," that they had splendid traditions, that they were compassed about by a great cloud of witnesses, and hada noble army of martyrs. Let them remember that half the religious work of this land for the last 100 years had been done by the Free Churches—that their , fathers were at the front of every battle for reform Disaster and dismay were Warrington's portion every battle against the Lord's foes and the real foes of on Saturday. Instead of upsetting Oldham's preten- this land, that they were always in the vanguard of the sions to the championship they allowed the visitors army which fought for justice and liberty. (Applause.) the honour of becoming the first club this season to He was glad for some reasons that various things had take four points out of them. The defeat was certainly happened of late, especially the passing into force--if unexpected, for Warrington played such a strong it could be called force—of game at Oldham in October that it was expected they THE EDUCATION ACT. would have little difficulty in squaiing accounts at He agreed with nearly everything the chairman had said, and with the spirit of all he said his heart went out in Wilderspool. But "the best laid schemes" &c. sympathy. He felt as strongly as did Mr. Parker that it --- would be a calamity for this nation if we should have Warrington lost the match in the first five minutes, , all religions teachine.excluded from our public schools even though they were leading at half time. Di (Hear, hear,) At the same time he felt equally strongly Davies made an awful mess of a kick on his own line —though he dreaded that eventuality— that the and simply presented the visitors with a try from Education Act was slowly making it inevitable The 'sin which thoss who forced the 'Bill through *would which they got a goal. Accidents will always happen, have to answer for was that among many other sins. but there is little excuse for Davies' blunder. Only Though he hated the Education Act and deplored a moment before he narrowly escaped having a it because of the bitter strife it had brought kick charged down, and this ought to between two great sections of Christ's people have been a warning to him. Instead he lin this kingdom, yet he could not altogether was guilty of almost criminal folly the very next time curse the thing because he thought eventu- he got the ball, and the whole team had to pay the ally it would work good. He had been asked to go to at least eighty towns and cities in the kingdom on Penalty. 1. must say they rallied very pluckily after purpose to denounce and curse the Act but he had never so severe a reverse and made matters remarkably been quite able to do it. When he got there he felt like warm for the visitors. It was an exceedingly credit Balsam who had been called to curse and could not help able feat to get ahead by half-time, but it took a blessing. Look what a change the Act had made to a tremendous lot out of the home forwards and they certain political party to which he supposed most of , were practically " done" iii the second half. There them belonged! He could testify that three years ago that party was very much like Peter's wife's mother— is no doubt in my mind that Oldham would have had "sick of fever unto the point of death." It was almost to return pointless but for the unexpected gift they as dry as the bones in the valley of Ezekiel's vision, got from Di Davies. People were asking "Can those bones live?" they were so frightfully far apart for revival. (Laughter.) The Education Act and a few other things had come and covered the bones with flesh and sinews and breathed life and spirit into them. Now they were standing on their feet, a great army waiting for THE DAY OF RETRIBUTION. (Applause). That was why he could not bring himself to curse the Act. What was more, almost everywhere the Act had re-created the back bone of Free Church- men. It had made it a double backbone, it had, in fact, brought it round to the front. (Laughter). There was nothing like an Act of that kind for arousing slumbering Nonconformity. He could not speak ill of it—he had .not the heart to speak ill of any thing or person that gas dying. (Laughter). His heart overflowed in pity and compassion towards it. Besides, how could they speak ill of anything about which or whom no one had a good word to say. (Laughter.) He did not know anyone who spoke well of the Act to-day. The Liberal Unionists cursed the day when it saw the light. The Conservatives were inwardly saying it would have been good for that Bill if it had never been born. (Laughter.) Mr. Balfour was actually apologising for the thing on Tuesday night and, as far as he could expressing his regret that he ever touched it. (Laughter.) The Bishops who were so anxious to push it through were at their wits' end what to do with it—now that it would not work. What with Passive Resisters, Welsh County Councillors, and other equally stubborn and unreasonable people it would not go. (Laughter). Bishops had privately been communicating with leading members of the Free Church Federation proposing a con- ference. Why didn't they propose it before ? They had actually been sending the most pitiful Macedonian cries " Come over and help us to work out this thing Come and let us reason in the name of charity." He was loath to refuse an appeal in that sacred name, but before charity there came justice. They could never have any sort of compromise on the matter until simple justice had been done. They must have all the public schools of the kingdom, the rate-supported schools, under public control. (Applause.) They must Insist that in no public rate-supported schools should there be any religious teach- ing distinctive of one denomination given in school hours. (Applause.) Further there should be no religi- ous, doctrinal, denominational tests imposed upon any teacher in the public rate-supported schools. (Applause). It would not take much to make the Bill like that —there were a thousand good things about it. Cardinal Vaughan said when the Act was passed that it was a victory over the Nonconformists. No doubt it was, but it was only a victory in what he called the prelimin- ary skirmish. The

Even as matters turned out later, Warrington should have triumphed if the defence had been up to the mark. But weak tackling at half-back enabled Old- ham to gat another five points in the second half, which ought certainly to have been prevented. 'Twas certainly an ill day for the locals. They bad more than their share of misfortune. Soon after Oldham's initial score, the defence was penetrated and Brookes fell down helplessly a yard from the lire. Could anything have been more aggravating? Then there was quite a shower of points. Fish dropped a goal from a seemingly impossible angle, Isherwood dashed over with a fine try, and Fish added another penalty goal, which gave Warrington th 3 lead. That there was some lusty cheering hardly needs to he said. Warrington's efforts were deserving of success, and hope ran high when the teams turned round.

Unfortunately, the wind was against the homesters in the second half, and this, added to the " blown " condition of the hard-worked forwards gave Oldham many opportunities. Still they did not look like scoring until the Warrington halves let Dixon force his way through. Then there was a knock-on, an appeal by some of the home backs, and Arthur Lees calmly scored behind the posts. Fergusson kicked a second goal, and Warrington's doom was sealed. Bad defensive methods and lax refereeing made the point an easy one for the Oldhamers. They were never much the superior side, and had a lot to thank their lucky star for on Saturday.

More than one member of the home team had an " off-day " in this match. Even Hallam was less effective than usual and ran into the arms of the Oldham forwards much oftener than he should have done. Fish, alone, did himself justice, and he was practically wasted for want of opportunity all after- noon. As I foretold, Hockenhall was a much missed man, and it is not an extravagant thing to suggest that Oldham might nnt have got either try had he been playing. The weak link was at half-bask in both instances, and in this department, A. Lees and Dixon had matters pretty much their own way. Cash and Civil were smart, while Dick Thomas was good and bad by turns. In the scrummage there was not much to choose until the second half when the Oldham men were distinctly fresher. As a team too, they kicked much better than Warrington, but then the homesters, bar Fish and Preston, never could "punch." The victory has placed Oldham well in the running for the Championship once more, and they now share with Broughton the top position. The Rangers had the advantage of a match in hand, however, and are at present the favourites. Bradford once more fell under the spell of the blue and white jersey and sustained a severe defeat at Halifax which puts them out of court for a while. Warrington are still fifth, but with Hunslet leading by a clear four points they do not appear likely to travel higher yet awhile. The League table up-to-date is as follows :- -For— —Against— P. W. L. D. G. T. Pts. G. T. Pts Pts. Oldham 25...18... 6... 1...35 46-208...22 17— 95...37 Brou't'n R 24...18... 5... 1...29 52-214...30 18-114...37 Bradford 25...17... 6.- 2...30 51-222...21 28--126.-36 Hunslet 25...16... 9... 0...48 32-192...19 28-122...32 Waregt'n - 24-.13... 9... 2...26 33-151...19 21-101...28 Leeds Wigan 24...13...10... 1...23 33-145.-26 25-127...27 Salford Hull 24. 10...10... 4...23 34-148-.25 31-143...24 Hull K.R 24...12...12... 0...28 31-149.-24 33-147...24 Leigh Hal,fax Swinton 25... 9...15... L.. 15 27-111...30 32-156...19 Widnes Wakefield- 25... 8...15... 2...29 19— 94...27 35-159-.18 St. Helens 24... 8...15... 1...29 27-139...34 58-242...17 Batley 25.. 7...17... 1...25 19-107...33 40-190...15 Runcorn

GRE VP CAMPA IGN was coming on. (Applause.) The supporters of the Act would tire of the contest long before Free Church- men would. They would give this land no rest, they would give no Parliament or Government any rest —whatever colour it be; they would give themselves no rest, and they would use all means they deemed legitimate to fight this new religious test Act, as inquitous as any that was ever passed, this new endow- ment of two religious communions—the Episcopal and the Roman Catholic—and this new outrage upon the Nonconformist conscience, until the Act had been so amended, re-shaped, re-created by the changes he had indicated—so changed that its own mother would not know it—or else sent back into the chambers of injustice and priestcraft from which it came. (Applause.) VOTES OF THANKS. The Rev. G. H. CARNSON proposed a vote of thanks to the Rev. J. G. Greenough for his address. He (Mr. Carnson) could trace his family name on the ministers' list for 120 years as the representative of independence of a!bold and determined kind.He hadilvery great confid- ence in the Free Church movement if only the congrega- tions would take more interest in it,

- --- Mr. ROBERT HENSHALL seconded the proposition which was heartily agreed to. In responding the Rev. J. G. GREENOUGH moved a vote of thanks to the president. The REV. JOHN YONGE seconded and said Mr. Parker had rendered them a great deal of honest, yeoman ser- vice in the past. They had no doubt he would long continue to assist them. The vote having been accorded the meeting closed with the singing of the Doxology.

MOTOR 'NOTES. An unusual feature of the OlympiaSho w was a silver- plated 30 h.p. chassis displayed upon the stand of the Simms-Welbeck Company.

Batley are wakening up as the Cup-ties come round. They have won two matches in succession this last week—Hull Kingston Rovers on Saturday, and Widnes on Tuesday, succumbing at Mount Pleasant.

The 'Judges Box" in the railed-in grass enclosure of the Motor Car Co.'s stand was another unique feature of the show and created considerable attention and interest. The Prince of Wales expressed himself much pleased with it on the occasion of his visit to the show.

To-day's matches are of vital importance to the South-West Lancashire Clubs, and particularly to Warrington, the holders of the Cup. Warrington have to journey to Wigan and must win there in order to get ihe better of the home club, and Leigh. The latter are due at Runcorn and will find their task much more difficult than they probably imagine. Warrington, Wigan, and Leigh are all well in the running for the cup, and to-day's results will have an important, if not a final, J)earing on its ultimate destruction.

The Siddeley Car, too, which completed its 5,000 miles trial on the road just before Olympia opened, was invariably surrounded by a little crowd of spectators. Tne engine had been dismantled for inspection, and gear-wheels -lifferential, Stz., were all so exposed that the public could easily see for themselves how slight had been the wear upon these essential parts despite the amount of mileage covered. The Siddeley is undoubtedly a fine car. It is fast on the level, very good on hills, and is exceptionally silent in running.

The South-West Lancashire Competition up-to-date is as follows :

The Humber four-cvlindered car has been altered and improved in various details since it was first shown at the Agricultural Hall last November. A new model is the 16-30 h.p. pattern. The Humber motor launch too, which is also fitted with a four-cylinder motor, com- manded much attention. Particularly suitable for river work it sells to the public at £3OO, at which price it should become very popular.

For. Against. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. Pts. W'gton 7... 5... 1... 1...11 8— 46... 3 3 15... 11 Leigh Wigan 7 5.. 2 0.. 8 13— 55... 7 5 29... 10 St. Helens 7... 2... 4... 1... 4 8— 32... 6 11— 45... 5 Widnes Runcorn 5... 0... 5... 0... 3 5 21... 6 11— 45... 0

There was quits a'surprising number of exhibits in the Motor Boat Section. A 4:huge torpedo boat -vas displayed upon the Thorneycroft stands and this was invariably surrounded by a small crowd of spectators, whilst the thoughtful attention that was devoted to the rest of this department conclusively proved bow im- portant a branch of the industry this is rapidly becom- ing. " iNfotor boating promises to become a most popular pastime.

Warrington will, of course, make a great effort to- day. It will be a surprise to most of their supporters to find the same fifteen chosen. Evidently the com- mittee have not the courage to make experiments or there would have been some change at half-back. Either Brookes or Fish could have taken Davies'place, 1 and Harris come in again. Some way of giving Fish more play ought to he devised, and I hope Oaptain Hallam will rearrange his forces at Wigan rather than have the crack threequarter marking time along the touch-line.

All the accessories were relegated to the large gallery which runs round the building, and amongst them many clever novelties were to be seen. The "Security" non- skidding device shewn at Gamage's interesting stand will doubtless appeal to those motorists who live in constant dread of side-slip but are averse to usink the customary non-skids formed of metal-studded leather bands and vulcanised on to the outer cover. Instead of being made, as are these, in one piece to cover the tyre completely, the "Security" is quite small, and, like the tyre-repairing gaiter, can be strapped on to the rim obliquely between two spokes. Thus, five or six are used on the one wheel. This contrivance certainly dis- poses of the grehtest drawback of the ordinary leather band, for the vulcanising process is dispensed with and thus there is no damage inflicted by this means upon the rubber of the tyre.

The full team should be : Hallam,full back; Fish, Isherwood,Brookes and Kenyon,threequarters; Davies and Bate, half backs; Boardman, Thomas, Shugars, Belton, Naylor, Jolley, Swift, and Cook, forwards.

The " A " team managed to win at Oldham ty a try to nil, Berry being the scorer. To-day a battle royal should be seen at Wilderspool, and almost as much interest is being shown in the encounter between the juniors as between the seniors. Wigan "A" sustained their only defeat at the hands of Warrington, and the latter are still their only rivals for the Combination leadership. With the men Warrington are able to put in the field to-day they should be able to give the visitors their quietus. The twelve are : Knight ; Harris, Dickenson, Berry, and Jordan ; J. Davies and W. Bate ; Coleman, Harmer, Foster, Lunt, and Morrison, forwards.

The H. F. vulcaniser for the use of the amateur was on view. It is certainly extremely handy besides being so simpleto manipulate than any raw amateur should be able to effect most satisfactory repairs with its assist- ance. The size designed to be carried in the car so that wayside repairs can be quickly and satisfactorily accomplished is particularly suitable for such a case,and no motorist who has 'suffered from tire troubles by the roadside should fail to give one of these capital little vulcanisers a practical trial. The price is quite a moderate one.

One of the most useful novelties is the " tell-tale ' for the rear lamps fitted to motor cars. Every driver has experienced the worry of being uncertain whether that regulation light is still going, and his troubles are greatly increased in this direction when there are no passengers to help him. Dunhill's " Tell-Tale' " how- ever, solves the difficulty, for when this is used a red light is automatically. switched on the dashboard directly the rear lamp Is extinguished.

MWM'

===== 0002601_19050218_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
Hockey.

BY R.G.P.

Last week the Stockton Heath first eleven played Huyton at home, and just managed to win by 2-1. The score about represents the play of the two sides,although the game from a hocney standpoint was very poor. Stockton Heath had their best team doing duty, and Huyton although minus L. Ashcroft, had a good team out, which included two county men, and a " North of England "player. The only reason that can be given

`-z" Aravii,l4l4toFligiukdkidiallo4l4l

===== 0002601_19050218_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football. (By " Ovalist.",

for the poor display is that the ground was very lumpy and soft.

-- The first fifteen minutes saw the visitors having the better of the play, owing to the home backs being off colour, and when Rogers scored from a scramble in the Stockton Heath goal mouth, things did not look too bright for the home side. After this reverse the Stockton forwards managed to get going, and after several hot attacks on the Huytou goal, R. Pierpoint made the scores level with a good shot. From now till half-time Huyton had rather the better of the exchanges, and nearly added two more goals from scrambles in the home goal. Half-time I score, 1-1.

As Huyton had been playing down the slope,the home team were 1:10'V fairly confident of reversing the result of the match at Ilnyton, when they suffered defeat by 2-6. It seemed almost a pity to see a player of the calibre of Rogers wasted in the forward line, when one knows what a skilful player he is at half or full-back. The second half went in favour of Stockton Heath, although it was a long time before S. Baxter managed to put on what proved to be the winning goal. Close on time Rogers took up the centre half position, Lewis taking his place among the forwards, and these changes nearly took effect, as Lewis came very near scoring on two occasions.

This week one must praise the forwards, who played a good game, while being badly fed by their backs. That the forwards managed to play as well as they did is a wonder, seeing that their backs thought it their special duty to dribble round three or four men, if possible. Without a doubt the backs and halves who have been the great instrumsnts of our success this season, were the weaker part of the team last week, and hope it will be a long time before they take "another day off."

It was only the other week that the departure of It. Fairclough for South Africa was announced, and now W. G. Longdin is going out to Rangoon. As the notice has been too short to get up anything worthy of such a good fellow, I take the liberty of expressing to him in this column' our heartiest thanks for the way he has worked for the club, not only this year, but in the past, "May the best day of his past be the worst day of his future."

The Second team journeyed to Ifuyton with rather a scratch team, and were defeated by 5-l. Things are going badly with the second team, and it is to be hoped that the players will be keener than has lately been the case. The goal for Stockton Heath was scored by W. Howard.

Without a doubt the most interesting match played last Saturday was the Bowdon and Northern match at Bowdon. The game which was very even ended in a draw of two goals each. Bebington visited West Derby and only managed to win by 1-0. Chester visited New Brighton and were easily beaten, the home side winning by no less than thirteen goals to one. Alderley Edge were visited by Timperley, and came out on top by 3-0. The home side all round were much smarter than the visitors. Sale were visited by Kersal, and seeing that Kersal were poorly represented in the forwards, the defeat of the visitors by 1-0 was not very brilliant Latchford were at home to Sefton and an even game ended in a draw of two goals each.

This week the Stockton Heath club play Chester Ist and 2nd, when the following teams will represent Stock- ton Heath.

Ist at home, R. G. Pierpoint, goal ; E. E. Woods and E. Pierpoint, backs ; L. Fairclough, G. Hatton and J. Richardson, halves ; C. H. Bond, S. Baxter, W. Longdin, R. Pierpoint and R. Fairclough forwards. Bully off 2 45. Referee, N. W. Bellamy. 2nd at Chester, J. Gray, goal ; C. Mason and E. Fair- dough, backs ; A. Hodgkinson (captain), H. Smith and D. Skelton, halves; A. Ferguson, W. Howard. L. Robert- son, W. Linnel and T. Crompton, forwards. Train leaves Bank Quay 1 40.

For the first team W. Longdin and R. Fairclough make their last appearance this season.

Latchford "A "played Sefton A " at Sefton on Saturday and won by the comfortable margin of 3 goals to nil. There was no score up to threequarter time though Latchford had had most of the game. However in the concluding stages Smith scored twice and Knight once, while the home side were rarely dangerous.

To-day Latchford Ist. play Orford Barracks. at Latch- ford, and the" A" team play Sale Moor away. Teams. Ist. Xi. Goal I. Wilkinson ; backs, W. Carter and W. Knight : half backs, W. R. Cobbe, G. Heald, T. Dixon ; Forwards, W. Spensley, E. T. Mille, W. H. Banks, J. Pearson and A. Albinson. Bully oil 2.45 prompt. "A " team v. Sale Moor. Goal, W. Unsworth ; backs, C. Hall, T. Young ; half hacks, J Wilkinson, A. H. Rathbone ; forwards, J. Callon, R. R. Jones, D. Knight, W. Smith, W. Pickles. Train leaves Arpley Station for Brooklands at 1.11.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL. Corporation and Fair Contracts.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council was held in Bold-street Wesleyan Schools on Tuesday evening, Mr. J. l'odnaore, jun., presiding.

MR. PIERPOINT CRITICISED. - Mr. GREALEY pointed out that recently resolutions in support of the Sunday Closing Bill were forwarded to the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Home Secretary, and Mr. Robert Pierpoint. M.P. Acknowledgments were received on behalf of the Archbishop and Home Secretary but Mr. Pierpoint did not reply. Whether that Council was beneath the borough member's notice or not he (Mr. Grealey) did not know but the mem- bers of the Bakers' Society, who were interested in the matter, felt it keenly that they should be treated in such a fashion. The CHAIRMAN said his trade had taken up the ques- tion and nearly 100,000 signatures had been obtained to a petition in support of the Bill. He was sorry Mr. Pierpoint had GOt replied. He ought to have done so if only in consideration of support he had received in the past from members of the Hairdressers' Society. THE RUSSIAN STRUGGLE FOR FREEDOM. Under this heading the National Labour Representation Committee forwarded a circular appealing for subscrip- tions to a fund in aid of those who had suffered through the massacre in St. Petersburg and in support of the Russian working-class movement. The tyrannical barbarities of the Russian Government had been pro- claimed in the columns of the press and unless aid was forthcoming immediately there was a danger that brutal military force might be successful in crushing out the movement for constitutional liberty and the right of combination. It was stated that the local branch of the Labour Representation Committee had discussed the matter, land the Council decided to join with that organization in issuing an appeal through the press.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
RESIGNATION OF THE TREASURER..

Mr. A. WARBURTON, of the Sheet Metal Workers' Society and treasurer of the Council, wrote tendering his resignation from the Council and stating that Mr. W. H. Richardson had been elected a delegate in his place. It was decided to appoint a new treasurer at the next meeting.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOUR REPRESENTATION COMMITTEE.

Nfr. BUCKLEY reported that the chief subject under consideration at the meeting of this committee was that of reorganization. On the recommendation of the Executive Committee it was decided to hold a Labour demonstration and the committee was empowered to proceed with the arrangements. The report was accepted. THE UNEMPLOYED QUESTION. _ _ _

The SECRETARY (Councillor -Stott) presented an interesting report of the proceedings at a special confer- ence held at Liverpool to consider this question. He stated that 380 delegates.attended and the opinion, as expressed in resolutions, was that every man who could work ought to have work provided for him by the State or municipality, not as a charity but as a human right. A resolution was adopted in favour of the provision of meals for under-fed school children at the public expense, the Labour members of Parliament being asked to introduce a Bill during the present session giving effect to that demand. Labour Town Councillors were also called upon to urge their Councils to provide money for the work at once, pending a final settlement of the question by Parlia- ment. Councillor Stott said he had never attended a gathering at which more enthusiasm and ability were shown.

The report was adopted and a vote of thanks was accorded to Councillor Stott.

CORPORATION AND FAIR CONTRACTS. The SECRETARY reported that the special sub-com- mittee appointed by the Town Council to revise the standing orders affecting fair contracts had met on two occasions. The last meeting lasted a considerable time but even then the business had to be ad- journed again. They hoped at the next meeting to settle the standing orders which they were prepared to submit to the General Purposes Committee. Of course, he did not mean that the question would be satisfactorily settled from the Trades Council's point of view. They could not, perhaps, expect to get all they wanted, and they would have to be satisfied with what was forthcoming. Mr. BUCKLEY : Have the committee accepted out- side evidence?

Councillor STOTT : I mentioned the matter at the last meeting, but they thought it better to draft out some resolutions before they decided to accept any out- side evidence.

LA DOUR REPRESENTATION CONFERENCE.

An exhaustive report on th.e-is:.atic"-)",;ffr-tbOiir Repre- sentation Committee's confere-ce at Liverpool was presented by Mr. 0. Buckley. He dealt at some length with the question of the committee's constitution, and said the delegates showed clearly that they did not want any alteration that would effect the policy of independence. The report was adopted and Mr. Buckley was thanked.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Lecture on Dr. Parker. At the Primitive Methodist Church, Knutsford-road,. on Tuesday, night, the Rev. Dr. Scurrah, Congregational Minister, of Leveushulme. delivered his popular lecture on" The life and work of the late Dr. Parker." It is a matter for regret there were not more present to list a to the eloquent treatment of the subject. Those who were there were held spell-bound2for a full hour as of poured forth in eloquent sentences the life story of this great and good man—a story which, as the lecturer said must remain for the historian of the next genera- tion to record. The lecture consisted principally of three parts, viz., the early life ; call to the Ministry and his Manchester and especially his London ministra- tion; each being set forth in a most vivid, lively and intensely interesting manner. Great thanks are indeed due to the Rev, gentlemen who, has most generously given his services to the friends worshipping at the Knutsford-road Chapel. A cordial vote of thanks to the lecturer and chairman (Mr. J. Griffiths) was proposed by the circuit minister Rev. C. L.'Stowe, seconded by Mr. T. Metcalfe, and being carried brought the meeting to a close, A collection was taken for the organ fund.. Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. ' A remarkable and interesting meeting was held on Sunday, when an ex-burglar was the speaker, from Man- chester. He came as a substitute for the appointed speaker. _there was a very good gathering of members, Mr. R. Atkinson presiding.—The Chairman said at one time he should not have liked to stand by the speaker's side, but now that the grace of God had done its work, , he could stand with him with pleasure and safety in a meeting of that kind. Mr. Atkinson referred to the . happy work of the P.S.A. Society for the last twelve years. They had distributed as prizes over 10,300 books at a cost of £l,OOO in that time. Then what a power , for good must the many prayers, addresses, and, lessons have been. He bad now great pleasure in calling upon Mr. Frank Ford, an ex-criminal, to address them. Mr. Frank Ford who was received with cheers said he had led many away from Christ and he was now trying to bring them hack. In many cases he had succeeded by the help of God, and others were coming home to Christ. He was now engaged in the Rev Collier's Mission in Manchesteraind related ninny experi- ences of midnight work amongst the fallen,and the happy changes which had been wrought in the lives of many found in sin. When he concluded there was prolonged applause. Many of the brethren after service expressed the wish that Mr. Ford might be asked to come again. Mr. NV. Beswick and Mr. A. Healey also took part in the meeting. Miss Annie Travis sang "When the children are asleep." Mr. W. H. Payton INlus. Bac. presided at the or_an. Prize lists were given out. vssis ad Billiards Rev. H. Dunnico and the Torrey-Alexander' Mission. " Artificial Excitement." • The Rev. H. Dunnico preached c• ded congre- gation t the Parr Hall oa .euing on "The Welsh and other revivals." Basing his remarks on the words : "These men are not drunken as ye suppose," the preacher said that the subject of revivals was not only the most interesting of present-day topics, but also one upon which diverse opinions were held. He intended to speak somewhat plainly, and no doubt he should say things not agreeable to them all. He did not think that they (the congregation) would accuse him of being a gloomy preacher, still, he dare , not shut his eyes to the signs of the Ames. Events were taking place in the history of nations which were a danger and a menace to civilization. In his opinion the vast international fabric was likely to be shaken by a series of cataclysms such as had never occurred in all history, and this revival was one way in which Provi- dence sought to equip and discipline them for the con- flict. Proceeding to deal with the revival led by Dr. Torrey and Mr. Alexander, Mr. Dunnico said that he had very little to say in its favour, and would refrain from saying much in its disfavour. No doubt some would differ strongly with him, and they were at liberty to do so. He had been to the mission himself, and simply desired to give his own opinions and state his own impressions. Mr. Alexander deserved all praise, but Dr. Torrey was only a very ordinary per4on. He spoke in a loud, harsh tone, with hardly a note of feeling. His address was plain and commonplace, and had much in it that many people would resent. There was little if any appeal, much denunciation. The so-called revival was simply artificial excitement, deliberately worked upon on pre-arranged methods. Reverence and devotion were conspicuous by their absence, and the atmosphere was filled with a commotion more typical of the market-place than the House of God. He did not say the meetings were not productive of good. That would be untrue; still, they would not appeal to him. He might be wrong, but it seemed to him that if, instead of denouncing smoking, dancing and theatre-going, he would denounce the apathy of Christian people in the face of the appall- ing social* and political evils of this land, he would render more effective service. Referring to the cost of the great mission, which was estimated at nearly £20,000, Mr. Dunnico said that many people thought that this money might have been spent in more profit- able ways. Perhaps they were right, but so far as he was concerned, the money was of secondary importance. The very people who criticized the spending of this money, would spend more than £20,000 next Saturday afternoon on football, and surely the most adverse critic must admit that the mission would do more towards the moral uplifting of the people than football matches. No; what troubled him most was the elaborate organiza- tions. It seemed as though the Spirit of God had to be coaxed by large choirs and huge halls. In London they in the ifsotermrs, had thousands of churches, thousands of professing and yet two men had to be imported from America great halls had to be engaged, large choirs organized at of receiving salaries, tremendous cost, before tr.e people of this land could be revived. If the churches were born of the Spirit—and a hundreds Christi an Christians, f thousandsthousands o I Christian pounds church had no right to exist if it were not—all things. , were possible. Every movement had its frayed edges, and the revival in Wales was no exception to that rule,', The " Lancet " had ventured to predict that , this revival would produce a form of in- sanity, but although it was dangerous to differ ' with doctors, he would venture to predict that the insanity produced by this revival would be infinitesimar compared to the insanity it weuld save through stop- ping the drink. Still, if the worst was true about the Welsh revival,no thoughtful man would treat the move- ment with indifference on that account. The revival in Wales differed entirely from the revival of Dr. Torrey. It possessed signs of genuineness which the other lacked. It was local in its origin, a native in its growth: there was no preaching; no hymn books, no choirs, no organs, no advertising. And yet everybody was preaching and singing, and the movement was spreading. People asked how it began, and the reply was, "It began in Evan Roberts." That was not true. Evan Roberts was the Product, not the origin. It originated in the heart of God, and had come in answer to prayer. Some were asking would this revival visit Warrington ? Most assuredly it would if they desired it. Prayer was as potent in Warrington as in Wales. But as in Wales, so in Warrington, the revival must come through the Church to be effective, and more than a passing breeze. The churches, therefore, must pre- pare themselves, and all that was in God's way must be cleared away. God might not visit them in exactly the same way as in Wales. He always manifested Himself through the natural temperament, and we could not have the poetic fire and fervour of Welsh revival. But He would come in His own way, when we were ready, and the blessing would be as great.

414.4 e,!;7‘2,71

, 44. :., t • . , ~. 1 r . r r " ri• . . . ,r • : r , , ' sr ... . , , , , , ; , • ' • ' ; ..„,.... ~. 11; •,' . . '". ••;:. ' • 1 ' : • ,* --Vi 1 i 1 1 14e j..., 4r ' * ....{ 4 • , '1 . _ 1 . 4 1 ' ' igtOrts ~ ...reet, Warrington, , _,....2...1 _ _.. _ , I J ie'tY '4O ' , -i'

===== 0002601_19050218_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
THE " EIGHTY " CLUB.

In view of the possibility of a General Election, this year will doubtless be marked by great political activity and we have been asked to remind those of our readers who are on the Committees of Political or Literary Societies of the work of the Eighty Club. This club consists of e number of gentlemen willing to assist the Liberal and Free Trade cause by speaking at Local Clubs, Debating Societies, Social Unions or Public Meetings as well as by: delivering lectures on subjects of current political interests. No fee whatever is charged. The club is preparing to send speakers not only to larger meetings but also to villages and to Ward meetings. Sir Edward Grey has been nominated President of the club for 1905 and the Secretary is Mr. R. C. Hawkin of 3, Hare Court, Temple, London, B.C. to whom all letters should be addressed. COMMTIRCIAL FAlLURES.—According,to Kemp's Mer- cantile Gazette, the total number of Commercial Failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, Feb. 10th, was 198, viz. :—Nest Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 101; Deeds of Arrangement registered, 97. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were : Bankruptcies, 101 ; Deeds of Arrangements; 98—Total 202 ; being a decrease of 4. The total number of Commercial Failures recorded during the 6 weeks of the present year is 1,053 : the total number re- corded in the corresponding 6 weeks of last year waS 1,026 showing an increase of 27.

===== 0002601_19050218_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
Deaths.

WATKlNS—February 14th, at Hurne-street, Warrim Amelia Watkins, aged 33 years. HUGHES—February 16th, at Aiken-street, Warrington, Mary Ann Hughes, aged 22 years.

Warrington.—Printed and published by JoiTN WALK & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES : 32, George-street. ST. HELENS : 3, Market- street, EARLESTOWN : Church-street, R C 0 RN, F.' 18th. 1905.

obi

===== 0002601_19050218_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWbEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), EVENING, FEB, 19ra, 1905. SERMON TO YOUNG MEN 13v REV. J. YONGE SUBJECT : CHRIST'S IIIIST CALL TO DISCIPLESHIP WAS ADDRBSSEJ TO YOUNG MEN. TIME, 6.30. OFFERTORY. Young Men, unattached to any Place of Worship, specially and cordially invited.

BOLD STREET W ESLEYAN CHUR,H WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) FEBRUARY 19T0. 10.30 Rev, J. MANNING. 6.30 Rev. G. IL 0 ARNSON. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), FEI3UAEY 192 n, At 10.30 and 6.30. A STUDENT. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided. PEOPLE'S SERVICES:-TO-MORROW SUNDAY 6.30. REV. HERBERT DUNNICO. BAPTI3T CHURCH, GOLBORNE aTREET. HEARIY WELCOME. PARR HALL AS USUAL SUNDAY WEEK.

()AMU - STREE C CHPJsL. w ARRINGTON . N.) ANNIVERSARY SERMONB, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) FEBRUARY 19YE. 10.45 AND 8.30. PREACHER: REV. DE NDY AGATE, 8.A., OF ALTRINCPAM. ALL SEATS FREE. The ANNUAL CONGREL±ATIONAL TEA PARTY will be held in the SCHOOLROOM on MONDAY NEXT, February 20th. Tea on table 6.30 p.m.

Ilt)" TRINITY UHUI4.OII. WARKINGTON.— . TH3 ANNUAL ODNORIMATIONAL PARTY IN OONNRCTIoN WITH THE ABOvE WILL (J3.V.) BE MELD IN THE CO-OPERATIVE HALL. eANKEY-STREET, ON MONDAY NEXT. THE 20TH Dom TEA ON TABLES AT 6 O'CLOCK. TICKETS le. EACH ENTERTAINMENT 7.30. ADMISSION 6n. Full Particulars will be foun.ll on the Board in front of the Chursh.

REVIVAL IN WARRINGTON. SPECIAL UNITED PRAYER MEETINGS ARE BRING HELD EVERY NIUHT AT B o'cLocic AT THE RAGGED SCHOOL, LIANIC STREEP, FOR THE PROMOTION OF A REVIVAL OF GOD'S WORK IN WARRINGTON. ALL ARE WELUOMII. ENTIRELY UNSECTARIAN.

W ARRINGTON AND DISTRIta CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR UNION. THE ANNUAL OONVENTION WILL BE HELD ON THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23. AT 3 AND 7.30 P.M., ix PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL, LEGH-STREBT, WARRINGTON. SPEAKERS :- REV. F, A. REES, MANCHESTER. COUNCILLOR A. BLACK, LIVERPOOL. REV. J. S. HUGHES, HILL OLIFFE. REV. F. VAUGHAN, WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON SAVINGS BANK BUTTERMARKET-STREET. ESTABLISHED 1818, OPEN DAILY. BRANCH OFFICE: 5, QUEEN-STREET, EARLESTOWN, OPEN MONDAYS 3 TO 5 P.m., FRIDAYS 3 To 5 & 6 P3B P.M. ONE SHILLING WILL OPEN AN ACCOUNT. SUMS UP I() £lO REPAID ON DEMAND. THE STRICTEST SECRECY IS OBSERVED AS TO THE MOLES OF DEPOSITORS.

W ARRINGTON PER HANES BENEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the ANNUAL MEETING for passing the Accounts,and electing Officers for the ensuing year will he held in Cairo Street school at 8 o'clock on Friday evening next, February 24th.—Dividends Will be paid in Cairo Street School, OR Saturday, February 25th, from 10.30 a.m. to 12.30 p.m. and 2to 4 p.m. and afterwards at the Secretary'. Office. A. H. CLIVE, Secretary. 6, Egypt Street, Warrington.

y.r y VV ARRINGTON PROGRESSIVE LABOUR LEAGUE. DON'T FORGET THE LABOUR DEMONSTRATION IN THE CO-OPERATIVE HALL, DAIRO-STREET, ON TUESDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 21ST. SPEAKERS CHAS. FENWICK, M.P., (WHO WENT DIRECT FROM THE PIT TO THE HOUSE OF COMMONS), JOSEPH HOWES (PRESIDENT OF THE LEAGUE). • JAMBS SAMUELSON, or Llvr.Rpoor.. JOS. ELWELL, Jim, AND OTHERS. CHAIR TO BR TAKEN AT 7.30. HT A. H. CROSFIELD, ESQ. WORKINGMBN SPECIALLY INVITED.

UNDER THE PATRONAGE OF THE MAYOR AIvD MAYORESti. PARR HALL, WARRINGTON, SATURDAY MARCH 4TH, AT 3 AND 8. TWO GRAND PERFORMANCES BY SOUSA AND HIS BAND CONDUCTOR : JOHN PHILIP souzzA (THE MARCH KING). NEW SOUSA MUSIC. A NEW SERIES OF THE POPULAR " SOUSA ENCORES." Miss MAUD POWELL, VIOLINIST. MISS ESTELLE LIEBLING, SoPRANO. ADMISSION :—Reserved Dress Seats, ss. ; Reserved Centre Gallery,3s.; Second Reserved Body of Ha11,2/6; Side Galleries sod Promenade. 2s ; Back Gallery, 1/5; Body of Hall, is. Early door for ticketholders at 2.30. and 7.31. PLAN OPEN at Messrs. R. H. PRARSONS LTD., BOLD STREET, on WEDNESDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 22ND w ARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. THIRD SUBSCRIPTION CONCERT, PARR MALL, ON TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 28TH. MISCELLANEOUS PROGRAMME. AUGMENTED ORCHESTRA, MENDELSSOHN'i " LORELEI/ " (SovaArto Soto: MRS. A. BOOT -1), TERJHAIKOWsIa's " CASSE NOIoETTE" SUITE. WAGNER'S MARCH & CHORUS FROM "TANNHAUSER," SEXTET FROM "LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR." QUINTET FROM " MBRRITC ENGLAND," Q UART ET FROM " THE YEOMEN OF THE GUARD," By the following Members of the Society SOPRANOS: CoNTRALToS : MRS. A. BOOTH MISS R. D. 7RANS Miss G, PEMBRRTON Miss M. HIP:SHALL Mies A. DAUNT Muss M. W. COLLIN TENORS : BASSES : Mn. J. BABBITT MR. W. H. wALLINGroN MR J. if. DRAPER Ma: J. IT. BIBBY MR. J. B. HANNAN MR. F. FIELDMOUSE SOLO VIOLIN : MR. ALFRED ROSS. CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA or OVER 20) PERFORMERS. CONDUCTOR: MR. F. R. CROsSLEY. HON. ORGANIST: MR W. H. PAYTON, MU& BAC. LEADER OF ORCHEECRA : MR. R. H. PEARSON. PRICES OF ADMISSION :—Reserved Dress beats. 6s. ; Reserved Centre Gallery and Second Reserved Seats Body of Hall, 3s. ; Reserved Side Galleries, 2s. ; Unreserved Back Gallery, Is. Bd.; Rack Seats (Body of HalD,and Promenade Is Doors open 7.15 p.m Concert 7.45 p m Carriages 10.15 D.m Ticket-holders admitted by early door at 7.0 p.m. The PLAN OF RESERVED SEATS will be opeaed at Messrs. R. H. PR ARSON'S Ltd.. Bold street. to Subscribers THIS DAY ( .TintipaY) FEBRUARY 18th, and to the general public on and after WEDNESDAY NEXT, FEBRUARY 22nd. L. W. REYNOLDS. W. E. ATKIN. HOD. Treasurer. Hon. Secretary.

CO-OPERATIVE HALL. SANKEY STREET. THURSDAY NEXT. FEBRUARY 23RD 19)5. A GRAND CONCERT. BY THE LEGH STREBT PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHOIR. PRIZE WINNERS IS CHAPEL CHOIR CONTEST, WARRINGTON EISTEDDFOD ZANUAIIY 2ND., 1905. CONDUCTOR: MR. A SPRUCE. ASSISTED BY MISS POLLY HOUGHTON SOPRANO. MR. A. GRIFFITHS, TENOR. MR. 13 IL PEARCE A.L C.M. BAN. MR. A. HENN lITT, dew) VIOLIN. MR. A, WHITE, (SLEIGHT OF HAND). MR. B. A SANDERS, HUMORIST. ACCOMPANI T': MR. F. PODMORE. GLEES AND PART SONGS BY THE CHOIR. DOORS OPEN AT 7. CONCERT AT 7.30. FRONT SEATS Is. 60.; SECOND SEATS le. ; BACK SEATS, 6d.

trACDONALD'S HIOH-CLASS:PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plai; or unsightly wires7are used. These advantages, withitheir dainty, natural appearance have given Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction SETS 20s. GOLD INLA.Y 40S. ACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLASSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDAYS.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILbY , ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

NAME-PLAT kA IN Cid, DEO GLAeS OR ENGRAVED BRASS Enamelled Letters and Tablet Letters In Glass, Metal or Wood. Motor Nmnbers. BARENDALK'S. MILLER STREET. MANCHESTER.

HAIR WIEBINtir3 made up 2/- per oz, COVERLETTE 1 TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURE i. 5/6 FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

rritiE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- I_ pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER. Municinal Offices. Warrington.

LOANS negotiated with Corporations, County and Urban Councils, eic. Mortgages arranged on Freehold and Leasehold Properties.—MUNlClPAL, INEEHOLD, LEASEHOLD, & MORTGAGE AGENCY, 70 Finsbury Pavtosent, London. R.O

ELECTRIC IOTOR3 IN STOCK.-PRICES GREATLY REDUCED. 1 H.P., 1,400 revs. 5 H.P., 1,200 revs. 2 „ 1,5C0 „ 7 „ 1,100 „ 5 ~ 1,250 „ 10 „ 1,000 „ THE INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING CO., HYDE, MANCHESTER.

EXPERIENCED Male and Nernst@ NURSES at a moment's notice for all cases.—Apply NURSES INSTITU- TION, Hope ,House, Hope H., Liverpool. Telephone 2570, Royal. Telegraphic address, " Nurses,"

xi R. JAMES SETTLE, A. Mus. and L L CM., ill Professor of Mlle?, gives POST LESSONS in Theory, Harmony,Counter-point. Orchestration, Analysis, and Form; also Violin, Piano, and dinging Lessons. Metropolitan and Local Examinations prepared for.—Terms on application to 25, ROOKY LANE. NEWSHAM PARK, LIVERPOOL. Soot, port visited.

MR. T. BOOTHROY D, PROFESSOR OF THE VIOLIN, CONDUCTOR &ø.; ACCEPTS ENGAGEMENTS WITH HIS ORCHESTRAS (STRING OR FULL). CONCERTS. BAZAARS. DRAMATIC SOCIETIES AT HOMES, Ito. TERMS for Engagements, lessons Bm.—Apply THE "STUDIO" 9, SUEZ STRENT, WARRINGTON, OR 18, CAWDOR STRE&T, SPOOKTODT HEATH.

JOSEPH CROSFIBLD & SONS, LIMITED.—A DIORNTURB STOCK. TUB TRANSFER BOOKS of this COMPANY, relative to above issue, will be CLOSBD from the 20th to the 28th FEBRUARY inst. (both days inclusive) for the purpose of preparing and issuing Dividend Warrants dueirdarch Ist. Signed—J. R, WARDLE, Secretary, Warrington, Feb. 16th. 1905.

66 it .111AGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POT FREE 21 0., 35., 4s. 6D., AND So. SD J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE,ILIVBRPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY. SPECIAL NOTICE, WE HAVE THE LARGEST AND MOST UP-TO- DATE SELECTION OF NEW & SECOND-HAND CAMERAS AND LENSES, ETC. OUT OF LONDON. PRICES ARE THE CHEAPEST IN THE KINGDOM. COME AND INSPECT OUR STOCK. HUNDREDS TO SELECT FROM. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, OXFORD ROAD, MANCHESTER.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES, MANDOLINB4, GUIrARS, BANJOS. STRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYRObI, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot), 67, BEES HAW-STREBT (Corner of Benson-etreet), • LIVERPOOL.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. CHESHIRE CONSrABULARY. CONTRACT FOR PRINTING AND STATIONERY.— Persons desirous of Tendering for the printing and Stationery required for use by the Cheshire Const.lou- lary can obtain a copy Of the Clnditinns and Specifica- tions from the Chief Connable., ai• his Office, in Chester. between the 20th and 24th February, both days inclusive. The lowest or any Tender will not necessarily be accepted. •

("NOUNTY BOROtJGII OF WARR IN OTON. kJ TO BARTHBNWARB PIPE MANUFACTURERS. CAIMPNT MA.NUIRAOTURERS, BRUSH MAKERS, TEAK OWNERS, IRONFOUNDERS, ac. The PAVING and SEWERAGE COMVITTEB of the Council of the County Borough of Warrington is prepared to receive Tenders for the supply of the Committee's require- ments duting the ensuing 12 months ending March 31st, 1906. viz : Blue Bricks. Spades, Picks. Masons' Chequered Tiles, Tools Ito., Sewer Pipes, Bends Portland Cement, Junctions, Ac., Brooms, Cast-iron Gullies, Street Sweeping Machine Manhole Covers. Rotary Brooms, Step Irons. Disinfectants. Macadam Zs Breakers ' Also for CARTING for the Highway and Scavenging Departments for the twelve months. Specifications, etc • may be seen. and forms of tender and all further information obtained at the office of the Borough Sqrveyor, Town Hall. at which place tenders, securely fastened and endorsed, must be delivered on or before 12 o'clock noon on Monday, the 27th day of February 1905. Any Contractor whose tender may be accepted will be required to observe the recognised customs and conditions as to rate of wages and working hours prevailing within the Borough. The Committee reserve the right to divide the contracts in any way they may think fiG, and do not bind them- selves to accept the lowest or any tender. THOMAS LONGOIN, Borough Surveyor. Borough Surveyor's Office, February 17th, 1905.

J. &W. DUTTON. FOR SPECIAL SHOW OF NEW CARPETS FOR MIR SPRING. SEE WINDOWS. i 6, i 8 & 20, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

A. MYNEKY ME PORK BUTCHER, BEGS TO INFORM THE PUBLIC THAT THE BUSINESS FOR SOME TIME CARRIED ON BY MR. WILLIAMS, IN BRIDGE STREET. HAS BEEN TAKEN OVER BY A. MYNEKYME, WHERE IT IS HOPED A CONTINUANCE OF FAVOUR WILL BE BESTOWED.

CAPITAL VALUE IN FURNISHING & HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY. CARPETS AND LINOLEIIMS LAID FREE. E. COATES, 72, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.-SEE WINDOW.

SMITH & WALKER, HAVING TAKEN OVER THE BUSH\ ES.S OF HOLMES & BOOTH, THE OLD ESTABLISHED TAILORS, MARKET-GATE, WARRINGTON. DESIRE TO RE-STOCK, AND ARE OFFERING THE. BULK OF THE CLOTHS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES, STYLE AND FINISH GUARANTEED! TELRPHONE 382 Y.

THE NEW GROCERY STORES. TRY OUR PURE BUTTER AT is. PER LB. BEST IN TOWN. FRESH IRISH EGGS EQUAL TO NEW LAID II FOR is. J. G. FLETCHER, 50, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR THE PEOPLE. P_RIC ES TO S UIT ALL. " PREMIE R " CYCLES £7 7s. OD., £9 9. OD., -- £l2 128, OD. SEE THE PREMIER CHANGE SPEED GEAR. SOLE ADENT ; J. S. GARLAND, sr, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGT').V.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAR EHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100,000 PAIRS IN STOCK. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

33RD. ANNUAL WINTER SALE OF MEN'S, YOUTHS' AND BOYS' OVERCOATS, SUITS AND ODDMENTS, GENUINE REDUCTIONS OF 4s. TO los. IN THE Z. (VALF PRICE) TO EFFECT A CLEARANCE, THESE GOODS ARE ALL OUR OWN REGULAR MAKE NOT A LOT OF SHODDY GOODS BOUGHT TO LOOK CHEAP, GREAT BARGAINS ALL ROUND. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, • 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

GEO. WEBSTER'S OLD ST. HELENS COUGH BOTTLE FOR COUGHS. COLDS, BRONCRITIS, INFLUENZA, ASTHMA, AND CeNSUMPTION. IN BOTTLES, Is. Ip. AND 2e. 9D. PREPARED BY J. GLOVER, CHEMIST, ST. I:IELEN',. SOLD IN WARRINGTON BY H. SMITH, CHEMIST, 77, BRIDGE-STREET.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, PRAfilif MAKER AND PRINT BIILLBEC. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, ix. Terms Moderate A PINS COLLECTION OP PHOJ:OBIIAPHiI tor Oryatoletnn and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS, Also Copies of Pictures In the Continental Galleries.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE OF MANURES. OWING TO REMOVAL. HAVING TO CLEAR the whole of my present Stock of Manure before the end of March. I am offering the same at REDUCTIONS OF FROM 108. TO 15s. PER TON. The Quality of the Manure is guaranteed the same quality as last .eason'.. No. I SPECIAL : NITROGEN 2l to 31 AMMONIA (Trlbasic) PHOSPHATES lO to 12 PRIG' £3 PER TON. No. 2 COMPOUND : NITROGEN li to 21 AMMONIA 2 to 3 (Tribasic) PHOSPHATE •8 to 10 Pll ICE ..£2 PER TON FURTHER PARTICULARS FROM r Aftl liB 10(:LE, HORSE SLAUGHIERER. ALLEN-STREET, WARRINGTON. Telephone No. 222. Telegram, Toole, Warrington,

F. A. BROWN, SURGEON DENTIST, WINAIARLEIGLI STREET. WARRINGTON. From borne on Friday afternoons.

Gnu NB.Bb 8 DUBLIN STOUT BASS'S 111/1.1) ANL BITTER ALSI9 ALLSOPP'S HUD AD BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTER:I WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be bad in CASH or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWICIR ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGH (MASS MINERAL WATERS In Sorew-etoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. MORES. OWEN STREET.

SMOKE SUDLOW'S " OLD BOY'S" TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. SD. PER OUNCE; Is. 7D. PER iLB. TIN; 6s. PER LB. T. SuDLow & CO., WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15. WINWICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 414 Y.

. ROBERT 1.49 WE. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms : No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE, New nd Second-band Furniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection Invited Furnitute, to.. warehoused.

' Mb' S. THOS. CLARKE WILL CARRY ON THE BUSINESS 010 STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THE "EXAMINEE'!" OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWN, As before, and sincerely hope to receive the same patronage as bestowed on her late nsband for upwards of 40 years.

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. EIITAB HARGRAVES' CIGARS 71 CIGARETTES. IDLARs. HARGRAVES' MANUFACTORY: SWAN-STRBET. MANCH ESTBR.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMSTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STirEFT, WHITECHAFEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD &ND SILVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Ado( Parliamea Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY. Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clucks, Pictures, &c., &c., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BARGAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, &c., &c We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to Inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES BY POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings ot all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices in Liverpool for Gold Chains. Carefully .3electea Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, &c. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. I\I'LAINETI RICHMOND fIIEET LIVERPOOL.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, INVALUABLE FOR Couens, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, •. ASTHMA, NEURALGIA AND ALL KINDRED AILx.c.NTS. This cid and tried remedy has 'stoo4 the test of two ienerations. REFUSE to p t oft with a SUBSTITUTH. The ORIGINAL can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you let it be seen that you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. :CoLLIS BROWNE“IS TRH:INANE'? Is. l!n. 28. 9D., 4s. So., THE PRICES,

AWONDERFUL DISCOVERY.—This is the aRe of research and experiment, when all nature, so to speak, is ransacked by the scientific for the comfort and happiness of man. Science has indeed made giant strides during the past century, and among the—by no rneamilleast impertant—discoveries in medicine comes that of THRRAPION. This preparation is unquestionably one of the most) gen- uine and relialsle Patent Medicines ever introduced, and has we understand, been used in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostan, 7obert, Velpeau, Maisonneuve, the well- ; known Chassslgnaa, and indeed by all who are regarded as authorities in such matters, including the celebrated Lalle- mend, and Roux, by whom it was some time !linen uniformly adopted, and that it is worthy the attention of those who require such a remedy we think there is no doubt. From the time of Aristotle downwards a potent agent in the removal of these diseases has, like the famed philosopher's stone been the object of search of some hopeful generous minds ; and far beyond the mere power—if such could ever ' have been discovered—of transmuting the baser metal into gold is surely the discovery of a remedy so potent as to replenish the failing energies in the one case, and In the other so effectually, speedily and safely to expel from the system the poisons of acquired or Inherited disease In all their protean forms as to leave no taint or trace behind, Such is the new French Remedy THERAPION, which may certainly rmk with, if not take precedence of many of the discoveries of our day, about which no little Estentation and noise have been maade, and the extensive and ever-increas- ing demand that has been created for this medicine wherever introduced appears to prove that It is destined to cast int ) oblivion all those questionable remedies that were formerly the sole reliance of medical men. Tberapion may be obtained of the principal chemists and merchants throughout the world.—" Diamond fields Advertiser.—Kimberley .—For par- ticulars of Thersnion, send stamped, addressed envelope to MR. R. JOHNSON, 43. HOLFORD Sq., LONDON, W.O.

W. HODGKINSON LTD. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 184. CLEARANCE SALE. SPECIAL REDUCTIONS DURING THE NEXT WEEK, OF DRESS MATERIALS. DRESS LENGTHS, & REMNANTS. SPECIAL REDUCTIONS OF SKIRTS, DRESSING GOWNS, DRESSING JACKETS, minus, AIUNDER-OLOTHING, SPECIAL REDUCTIONS OF LACE CURTAINS. SOILED CURTAIN LENGTHS & REMNANTS. SPECIAL REDUCTION! BLOUSE FLArTNELS. FLANNEL REMNANTS, BLOUSE LENGTHS. TABLE LINEN. SHEETS, QUILTS, BLANKETS, A DOWN QUILTS. BLOL BEB, BLOUSES, BLOUSES. SILK BLOUSES LESS THAN HALF PRIOR TO CLEAR, A FEW SLIGHTLY SOILED, FLANNEL BLOUSES SPECIALLY REDUCED. MUSLIN BLOUSES REDUCED TO CLEAR. SPECIAL REDUC PION OF FURNISHING DRAPERY, FURNITURE, CARPET* AND LINOLIsUMS, WHICH ARE LAID FREE OF CHARGE DURING SALE. SPECIAL REDUCTIONS OF GLOVES, HOSIERY, LACES, TIES, FEATHER BOAS, MARABOUTS, AND DRESS TRIMMINGS DURING, SALE

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE, THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE Pußrae. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS SD, 10D., AND IS. BD., EACH. WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LT, WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1833.

88. ADSVir RTH, 0 SOLE AGENT FOR TIER WORLD-FAMRD PIANOS OF JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59, SANK/CY-ST., WARRINGTON.

OXFORD HOUSE SCHOOL. Sr. ANNBS-ON-THH-SEA. —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schools. Thorough grounding andindiviival teaching. New, specially declined buildings new term begins January 200 a. Principal J. F. BRINDLE. EA. (Oxon).

CIIIO.I3IRW..—W INCH M HALL, Lostock Gralam. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR OI,ILS. Large Mansion and Playing Fields. Riccellen6 Resident Staff. Great successes recent Examinations. 50 Certificates gained last Term. AUTUMN TRRM begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references. views, from Miss PARKES, Principal.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of fdusio,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Churoh. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT. MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' prantice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-L./NS Warrington.

QOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL, Scarisbrick V New-road. One of the LARGEST PRIVATE SCHOOLS In the North of England. Stall includes a B:A. a and an (Mei& d' Acadhnle etc. Languages, defence and Commercial subjects at inclusive fees. CAPT. J. Q. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P.. P.R.G.S.. Head Master.

LADIES' COLLEGE, URMSTON, NEAR MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. PRINCIPILB : Mrs. E. HUM% Trained Certificated Teacher. Registered Column B Tetchers' Register ; Miss M. HOLLAND, London TrAined Kindergarten Teacher. Full staff of Resident English and Foreign fillstressei. and Visit- ing Professors. Pupils prepared for Oxford and Camb ridge Local and Music Examinations. FEES MODERATE. PROSPECTUS and REFERENCES on APPLICArION.

CONSUMPTION.—Midland Open-air Sanatorium. Beauti- fully situated in a park or 25 acres, 750 fee' above sea level, gravel soil. south aspect. listsslishecl MS. Specially constructed out-door chalets —for terms and illustratei pros- pectus. apply, TER SECRETARY, Bourne Castle, Belbrough- ton, Worcesterehire.

f)ON'T GROAN with pain. Try ' Roomol • for all Bronchial, Rheumatic, and Neuralgic pains. Price Is. 11d.. or send Is. 3d. to the • ROOMOL ' CO . 18 Billiter it., London.

QTERILE MARRInGI3.—ItS Causes and Curative Treat ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women ; a new edition just published. Post free 35. Bd. London.--SRELLEY & On., Urn.. 3B. Graceehureh it.

DROP. VBRNER'S RIMEDISS.—Anw ma, Bronchitis BiliOW nese, Indigestion, Rheumatism, Eczema, Piles Obesity, Ste., speedily cured. Medicine Is. lid. per bottle Poet free le. 3d. ; Flair Restorer, Is, per bottle. PROP. VERNER, (U.S.A.), 15, Vernon it., Bolton.

IVBR MIXTURE. Prescriptions of an eminent JJ Specialist, Is. post free.—WILLIAM s' DRUG STORES, 342, Wellington st., Grimsby. r OSS OF STRENGTH and Energy, Mental Depression. IndigestlonAo. A gentleman who suffered for years, will gladly send partieulars of a pleasant inexpensive remedy that restored bim to good health.—address Mr. TURNER Butterton road, Rhyl.

EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON POSTERS A SPECIALITY. I3LACARDStaIit EXTRA LARGE SIZE OUs spec. 'TEL EPHONE NO, 355 Y. JOHN WALKER & CO., "EXAMINER" OFFICE.

•Vr A-, Va Care rie-1/10.44. 4,0-, ••,`-'efiL .. ..,-,•r 4.-- • ...w.fae•-• 4.. -, --,,P)*----gosi, •e,..*.?,..•!, ...!..:ocw4--,..r.. 6:-.4...., ~..-.0.,- v .4.0.. - - • ..,..• .4. -. . Ci.... ‘01......... Ott!!t iii6Z,4o)'-' 7 "144. • 464 -,,-,,,--c - ,Aft -A.,-.);...e.-ttiN, .(14•,-, -‘,.....tx --...1,-...•,:.„,,,,.., .2FAlrnies 3O YEARS' ,1..,)...,...g4:- - • 4.4 ii'fFe7t- •q)e-z4D..-4).: .4-fr..6ip UNPRECEDENTED SUCCESS 'fi.•o44- 4.0;14.. * eh •trin , •v,...Ak\merx.) AS •,---'w„,,zAlt.,:w *,;•• tp skr JA , elifeeP-' the UNIVERSAL REMEDY for -•-i•fiff- ,;:...... • ...../ .;F. • 'f4)" pdpw„ (WA N..... 1--... . ,5:- ctZ,../rie itY).C6 Coughs Colds, Bronchitis ...,,,,4 ..-:.410,,, , 1 4,3. ."...- i.:oj Asthma, Whooping-Cough, , ;iitiv=„s e'ie:w.4irt Influenza, Hoarseness, ‘.4..itfo. &c . ?...i4,74,1,441. ......1„, ...,. ~..,...,,,, Aylos: HAS PROVED • .40, . 4 6:....t. 1R9.,„0 C=-1. kt;4 • d t ......„yet . . cp,,,,;),,t, , kasmire '''." 715 -"It A 065 lei 4lit:4:10.41!):::: a f 1 . 4, A 4 Q*,•"- », pt •14 =lv: ((I-7' t • 0- ,e• r- ,:, .57 1!4!) ":"-----91 ,: • .0 ..„.„, [Lin • Tonic , s - - 5.0,14, OP ir".e. -05 (:•*'----,a n, ......„„e, z-f.kkliriet TO BE AN ABSOLUTE NECESSITY TO EVERYBODY. (4 '----- -' ctlll.iir 4.*" , .....,,, The enormous Success of Owbridge's Lung Tonic could vo± V----'il? , '- d* r^ "0, . AA! ..'.l. have been, 11.'017, and continue to increase after 30 Years, t.,-J-A:e. .coist.,- •'" Tiopriti apart from its great intrinsic merit as the most egicaeious enzecly ever known. •,;#lllft Beware of Substitutes; ask for "OWBRIDGE." when si)- ' •'• ...,..,.. :,,,t. Vllfhlini. buying Lung Tonic awl TAKE NO OTHER. ~...)•Wi *N. 'a> iiti'.. “, • Prepared by , W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd., Chemists, Hull. , Sold everywhere in bottles, at Is. 11d., , • ifiPA. 0 :-:',i,•,. 2s. 9d., 48. 6d., and lls. ..4t....* t ''';*•• Gra) , :441*-04; --:*)•,-41,Z.-,- ~ .6. e,Aul. 7911! . 11/. '...e';••=4Virkli..t "', C 0 r Y RV; HT. „R./ • ei "*";•'41.4044-_-, • -.,-e'f'• Cpw:si , '-' ftio.--Ailkifeeett .. 14,,r4Ptee*---,?ki• -*Cifoi: 4-0.4!)er1,:,' ...y;:,;ka• law,. V,/ '''4--Ff•i',A4Air'-"P'k* "4100k-4:.:0' ' ' )-te4,-i.AP:44).llltViq'O'

.

CUT OUT THIS COUPON lor this offer may not appear again. Fill out the blanks and post it to the British Liunozone Co.. Ltd., 60, Wilson street, Finsbury Square, London, E.C. (Gocid only in the United Kingdom). Mydisease is ........ . ..... . . ......... . ...... I have never tried Liquozone, but if you will supply me with a 2s. 3d. bottle free I will take it. 28 Give full address—write plainly.

may be oT)ta:ncd by using GARTONS New &

Full particulars in LARGE CATALOGUE, post free on application to

GARTONS, Seed Growers & Experts, WARRINGTON.

110,41*-4111,-.110-42?-411-064.1-61-4111-001101 WOULD YOU HAVE SOFT VELVETY 0 , SKIN? Then use 46 1? r It • .''.g Will entirely da" remove al/ ROUGNUESS,CHAPS, doe TAN, IRRITATION, etc., in a very short time. Bottles M.BEETHAM & SON. tJ -,15., and 25.6. CHELTENHAM,

SMOBB GRADY'S DIIFBNDRR TOBACCO" It does not burn the tongue." Sold everywhere in packets with coupon Wholesale.—GßADY, King it., Wigan

-1-)LOUSES, Ii lid ; Divided Skirts, Is lid. ; Shirts Is lid. ▪ Write for patterns, post free, stating ragas. ernents.— WAREWELL.d. N. Dept.. 27, Brazennose et., Manchester.

MEMORIAL TABLETS. Inscription Plates. Door and Name Plates, /sc., in Brass. High-class workmanship guaranteed.—W. BeowN, Engraver, Preston, Lancashire.

RUGS.--Ocod, all wool, 6ft. by 6ft. wide, weight 41b. Will tend one 2.. 6d., carriage paid : cash returned if not approved Of.—H. GASBOrt, Government Contractor, Rye. POTATORS POE SALE —Northern Stars, Eldorado., Sir John Llewellyr, R )val Kidneys, Rvergoods and all leading variettec—JOßEPEl HARE, Seet otato Grower, Tattershall, Lincoln.

fIN SALE, A FEVi, TONS of Findlay•s NORTHERN STAR N_l POTATOES ; have 'frown over 16 tons from 5 cwt. of seed this season ; price £7 per ton.—J. CARTER. Bicker- 'terra. near Ormskirk

L-4-14JRN1rUli COVER; alw,ys ready; fast crimson .1: Satin Damask, 21 inciaes wide, 9i. a yard ; good wear, stslista patterns Samples from M. CBOI7E, 29, line de Rempart, Tours, France.

-COE SALE, CHIPS and mixed BUSINESS in centre Earlestown. Smart paying concern Splendid living accommodation, Rent as. clear. Leaving dl3trict, take £l6 all. 25. H i.YDOCL IT., Barlestown. A GRAND OFFER.-72 beautifully coloured Picture /11 Postcards of English and Irish Towns and Scenery, poet free fr ls. 6d. from Ham. AND Co., 4, Wenman It., Otisall Heath, Birmingham.

WONDFRFUL HAIR RRSTORRR, invigorates the growth ar d restores hair to natural colour, splendid recipe, costs only a few pence to make. Recipe Is. Id. BRUCE, York rd.. Rotherham. rl,O ANGLERS.—Morioui news, the filching Season is coming. You can get all your requirements filled in to a nicety, by sending for price hat free to BETCHFORD 131109., 11 Bridge st., Llandaff, Glam.

111111ICTURE POST CARD AND COAT OF &RMS.—Chine 1 collectors should Write to G. GIFIPITHS, Caxton House, for sample of Ilandrindod specimens. Sot six beautifully coloured postcards, 6d.; china from is.

CANADA.-17 Post -cards of Winnipeg and district 3s. 6d. Souvenir Letter-cards, and Leather Post-cardi of Winnipeg, 63. each. Postage extra.—Address A. B. BkliTOlf 340 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Canada.

I\ll UST SELL, Ladies' Lovely fold Gem Ring, 3 stones, 11l only 10s. 64., also Ladies' Dressing Case, fitted com- plete, sacrifice 12s. 64. Postal orders.—JosEs, Binfield Villa. Stanley rd., Teddlngton, Middlesex.

WLDNBSS.—My Discovery Absolutely Fonts Halr in remarkable time ; prove or forfeit RICO ; send two stamps for Free sample and see hair begin to grow.— CLARKE, Specialist. 57. Ashton rd.. Blackpool.

THATCH-IT,"—Naturt's own Hair Forcer, acts magi- I. upon every live Hair follicle, positively pro- motes luxuriant growth. or money returned; large trial bottle post free Is 6d.—" THATCH-1T Co." HalPax. NBTTING. NETTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, Ring Nets, Purse Nets ;parrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every de ription.Tuomes Joaxsosfs, Net Warehouse 38 Corporation-street, Manchester. (1 OOD NEWS, LADIES 1/The Magic Powder cleans VT windows without water, wet or dry weittker, Sample packet 3d. Agents wantad ; good profits.— ktaato, 4, Kim- berley Maisonettees. Robinson rd.. Tooting. London. S.W.

SPECIAL Offer of Potatoee ; Northern Star, le, 94 for Mips. (home grown) ; Sir John Llewellyn. la. 6 t ; King Edward, Duke of York, and many o, her varieties, at Is, for 14 lbs. Sat erection g ierenteed.—Please state your wants to BJTTE, Station Master, Gedney, Holbeach.

WHAT'S THIS ? The maly Repair Depot in Town for all kinds of talking machines. to the trade and otherwise A and B Reproducers alter-d to Fantail Model, Perf•>w,ed in tune.— Write or send to VICI,MIA. PIIoNNIRLPH Co., Victoria st., Manchester, opposite the Palatine Buildings. J OTS of things you nee I will be sold for very little money, 1J carriage paid. at Levabley's February Sale (February it to 28th), If you don't want to miss them, get list and patterns immediately. Free from LIMAS LELTHLEY & Co. (Dept. 403', Dress Warehouse Armiey, Leeds. k) A.LVAGB UMBRULAS, 100 dozen ex L. & N.W. Ran- way Company. Ladies Silk Umbrellas is., is. 6d , 2s, 6d. each ; Gentlemea's 1:111k Umbrellas, Is. 6d., Is. 6d., 31. 6d. Parking and postage 61 extra.—HAADING'B UMBRELLA WAREHOUSE, School lane. Lixsrpool.

I OVELY HRAD OF if &IR.—lreland's Hair Tonle pre- -1.1 vents hair falling off ; checks greyness and promotes luxuriant tresses ; price 2s. 91. and ss, —Mis. IRELAND, Hygienic Skin npeo allot, The Crypt Chambers, Bastgate Row, Chester, and Peel Villa, Spring rd., Wretharn,N,Wnlea

J 00K i You have all helped to pav for them before.— 1.4 life Guards' Military Knee Boots, smart appearance, 7s. 6d. per pair ; Naval Knee Boots, very strong, 6s. 6d. per pair ; Bluchers, ss. 6d. per pair ; any slz; carriage paid. i.ash returned if not approved of.--lindav J. GASBON Government Contractor. Roe.

9'o BB SOL D.—Farnworth, near Wldnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lancashire Manure 00, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. dumahle for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HOMING, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

BEST and Cheapest MANURIC for Farm and Garden, an effectual remedy for fly, slug, .to., Native Guano. price 70.. per ton, in bags ; 2 ton lots carriage paid ; least, bag paid to any stAtlun in England for ss. --Write for twenty-ninth year's testimonial, NATIVE GUANO Co., Limited. 29, blew Bridge Street, London, B.C. Agents wanted.

-DAR-BELLS and DVIIIB-lIIILL3.—Send us your address _LI and we will forward free our price list of Athletic Specialities' Our makes are the beat on the market, and are used by many well-known athle.es Being the manufac- turers, our customers pay no fancy prices. Any weight or bar or dumb bell supplicd.—Aoch.s. ruE ERITINH EAR-BELL MANUFACTURING CO., (office 15), 5, Back Piccadilly, Man- chenter. Works, Stockport, England.

AN AB)OLUTIS FACT ! Any per ll son calling upon ti can see receipt. slimed by over 5,000 persons who have already obtained oar Pocket Knives PRBK. Call, write. Or send Is. 9d. for our marvellous patent LBVEIR ' OPiN- EASY' KNIFE. We will positively nairtrlvn your 1.. 9d. If you introduce simply THREE more purchasers.—THE ' OPEN- EAEZ KNIFE CO., 6, St Michael's Rouse, Basinghail it., London.

SIIED POTATOBS.—Sir John Llewellyn Northern Star, Eldorado, Sutton's Discovery, Table King. The Sirdar, New Guardian ; all guaranteed true.— Prices moderate, on application to B. &MUM, Lathom Gardens, Ormskirk. ji.NLARGBISHINTS from any Photograph; finished, by air- .L.l brush ; beautiful results ;onlB x 14 mounts, ready for framing ; one ss. 6cl , two 10s., three 14s. 6d.. post free DRIPICavaTER, ithotographer, Corporation et, Birmingham.

A IVEY BLUCHERS ARMY BLUCHERS 4,000 pairs Li. of new sewn Bluchers ; very best leather soles ; will send one pair, an v size, post free for ss. 6d ; cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. GASSON. Government Contractor, Bye.

WHAT I SUFFRRED AND WHY I SUFFERBD in Worcester Claol for Conscience's Sake, by Rey. W. J. Prtter, Minister of the Baptist Church. Stourbridge, price 6d. each, post free from A uniort, " Hill Crest," Wollaston. Stourbridge.

PROTECT YOUR BUDS FROM RAVAGES of birds. Tanned Netting, 35 square yarde for is. Will not rot if left out In all weathers sent any width. Carriage paid on all orders over ss. Cash returned if not approved.—H. J. GABBON. Garden Netti.g Works, Rye.

IjILUiARY OLOTHING.-4,603 good. large, dark grey or 1.1/1. blue Waterproof Cloth Overcoats for sale, put out of servise for other pattern ; either, carriage paid, for 7s. 6d. Same size required. Large Capes, same material, 21. 6d, each.—From H. J. GmisioN, Hoverament Contractor. Rye.

T OOK I ROSRS I ROSES I FRUIT TRIIRS. Spring offer. LI February and March the beet spring months for plant- ing. All rose and trees offered kept moved back to plant with safety; 12 acreslof roses, rive first prizes wer- awarded these roles at Grand National Rou? Show Crystal Palace. All carriage paid cash with order; established 45 years. 20 Choice Standard Roses, 225. 20 Beat Half Standard Roses. 21s. 1' Best Teas or Hybrid Teas, Bi, 12 Best Climbers. 75. 61. 12 Best Dwarf Perpetuals. 7s. 6 Lovely Yellow Roses, 4s, 6 Best New Ramblers, 4s. ti Crimson 'Ramblers. 3s. 6d. 6 Best Moss Roses 3s. 6d. 6 Pink Monthly Romss,3s. 6 Mimeo Monthly. 3s. 12 Beat Hardy Evergreen Climbing Roses for Rockeries, Under Trees, &c.,65. 12 Strong Sweet Briars, 3s. 20 Standard and Hall Standard Roses, best sorts but unnamed 12s. 6d, also 12 strong Bush Apples Pears or Plums, best sorts, big fruiting trees, 18s. Thousands of fruit trees. Standards, Pyramid, trained for Walls, all kinds, &c., very cheap. Shrubs, Laurel. Privet Ornamental trees, Climbing Plants, Nursery stock of all descriptions at clearance prices. Write tor descriptive catalogue, and special cheap lists free, Thousands of Testimonials, Roses and :how to grow them, Book, Post frea. 44. special quotations for quantities. Mention this paper.--JAMES WALTklid, Mount Radford Nurseries, Exeter.

FOUND DEAD. ANk ult LYS POISON tor Killing hats answers 1...3 well. " After one dressine I fo Ind 136 dead next morn- ng."—J. BLISS, fielathorpe, Leighton. I killed 203 rats eitb Sanford's Poison."—C. Coox, Farmer. Ellesmere. -I &stroyed 145 rats with it."-0. Mums, Offord.—Send Is 2d ANFORD & S ON, Sandy Bea. Sold by Chemists

NORFOLK COAST.—Amidst pine woods ant sea air. Guests received throughout the year. Own grounds of many acres.—Write Mn. BROWINE, The, Pines, Kelling Wath. Holt, Norfolk.

P OULTRY FARMING. Id. —Failure impossible. Visit my Farmery. Students received. Best book publisha is. 2d.—Pnol HOLLOWAY, Bletchley. EGGS.-13Ilver Partridge Wyandottes, Wharton' a direct winter layers, 7s. 6d. per sitting. liertificate.— Rev. NEWSHOLME. Fitzwarren et.. Pendleton, 3Slauchester. -VOWL CORR. 7s 6d. 1011 6d, 12 61. ; Pig Food, 7s 6d _lf and Poultry Meal, Bs. and 10s , per 2001b1.—ROCRE AND CO., 15, Gorse piazzas Liverpool. Mention paper.

GGS.—Eggs from pure-bred, golden Wyandotte', and Li pure-bred Buff Orpingtons ; splenlld layers. ss. a dozen ; golden Wyandotte cook, pure-bred, second year. Bs.— VICARAGE, Cholsey, Berks.

1.4 GOS.—bilrer pencilled WYANDOTTES. the coming variety ; Eggs from high class pen, se. doz. unfertfles replaces,. Enquiries solicited and answereFl.—Joax LOWE, Hayring. nr Alston, Cumberland.

EGGS for HATCHING from splendid pens of pu,e Buff and Black Orpington', Barred, Plymouth 11,cirs, and Golden W:,audottes; all well marked big birds grand laying strains. 2s. 6d. sitting ; chickens hatchel ta or ter, 6s. doz. —H. Davis, North Dean, Poultry Farm, High Wycombe.

LIGGS.. We are now booking a limited number of sitting .124 from our noted pen. of BUFF ORPINGTONS, ht pen 10s. 6d. 2nd pen 7s. 6d., 3rd prn ts• guaranteed fertile orders sent out in rotation, also a few Buff Orpington pullets, 3e. 6d. each. Inspection cordially invited. HODGHINBON & MC GOWAN, fdoosomin Poultry Farm, Formby, Liverpool.

Warder!

CASTLIII HILL N. SCHOO,.. (Mixed).—WANTICLI ASSISTANT MISTIIHSS, Art. 50, for upper standards Salary according to scale. -Apply T. LAITHWAITE, Heath Villa, Hindley.

youNG MEN (strong) WANTED for Farm Work in Ontario, Canada SituAtions provided immediately on arrival.—For particulars apply ONTARIO GOVERNMENT AGENCY, 7, James It.. Liverpool.

. T. CLHMENT'S GIRLS' SCHOOL, West Park-street, SALFORD.—Wante.i, immediately, Assistara Certifica- ted or Uncertificated for StaiVarct V. tislary. Manchester and Salford. Scale. —Apply li FAD MISTRESE.

E VHRSIONS.—AII classes of Reversions bought; quick It compl-tions ; loans arranged at 10W rates. Mortgage securities wanted at 3 to 4i per cent. BUSiII-`llll Transfer A genCv.—T. f-MITH WoRSLEY.26. Cooper St.. liAnchester.

I AD Y DETRUTIVH. experienced, educated, undertakes _LA private and confidential ingulrits, divorce, commerc,al family matters, Bc. Strict integrity. Moderate fees,—Con- sultations ire • at any hour, or write Miss Esarox, 241 Shaftesbury avenue (opposite Bloomsbury station), London

WANTED MEN, Young and Old, to write for our book How to beeecue an nleetrical Engineer ?" sent post free. It tells how thousands gain vetter positions and salaries studying Electrical or Mennanical Engineering at Home by post; ealmsed by Thomas A. Edison and British Bleetricians.—Address ELECTRICAL ENGINEER INSTITUTE OP CORRESPONDENCE INSTRUCTION, 413, Ten4le Chambers, Temple Avenue, London, E.C.

rilWO MILK FLOATS, Jubilee CAR, Hawking CART, 2 1. TRAPS. Light 2-wheeled VAN, WAGGONNTTK. and Light GlG.—Apply •WINNIRD, Wheelwright, Higher hoe Near Wigan. _ ATILK CHARIOT (Dandy) and Tankard with brass tap. nearly new, all for £3 104. carriage paid (worth double,) On view.—K. PRITCHAttD, Dairyman, Church Street, Chester.

-EILLNERAL CAR; new. special design. cup tyres, massive .11' silver fittings. three cars in one, price £155, usual price £I9S.—ARNOLD. Carriage Builder. Upper Brook titteet, itlencheater•

BARG &IN.—Gent's bigh-class Coventry Safety, freewheel, rim brake.magulficent machine,good as new;best tyres and tubes, gas lamp, all accessories ; genuine article ; price £4 4e. ; worth double ; approval before casb seat.—K. GILL, Waveney Villa, Beach Road, Weston—mper-Mare.

'OR SALE, together or senarateiy. excellent four- whee Double Dogcart by McMullen, Longacre, with shafts and pole for pair or single driving ; also black Pony Mare. nearly 14 hands, rising four, bred by a Westmorland farmer. Wilson St. George pedigree and a priz.-winner at local shows ; sold for no fault whatever ; satisfactory reasons given for parting. Can be seen by appointment at ALMA LODGE, Liverpool road, Aughton, Ormskirk.

j'IYOLBS,—New Trents with two inverted best bristles, V Perry best ball free wheel, Perry's chain, Westwood plated rims, green electric 2entres, beet finish plating on copper, and machines lined vermilion and god ; all extras Included, lamp, bell, ecc , and everything the best money can buy ; kindly call and inspect, or send for list, as money cannot make better cycles or later designs ; price. lady's or gent's £5 ss. ; sent on approval anywhere in the kindom.- 28, JACKSON'S Row, Manchester. grtarts, lototko, fiusinescie4. eft.

TEMPHRANCH HOTRL and Restauraat, main street, Leeds.-20 Bedrooms. Splendid opportunity. th cause of !eaving. Present tenant. 7 years.—Address Mr. NORMAN, 16 Woodbine ?lac., Leeds.

( IN SAL& as a going concern. Wholesale BOX SWEBTS / TRADR. including Horse, seven years old, four-wheeled Van, two-stalled Stable, Van Shed, Storeroom, and lore Yard. Purchaser will be taught the business. Also Grocery and Provision Business ; will sell together or sep,trate. Rare chance. Present tenant 15 years.—Apply JENKINS )N, 54, Tottingt on rd., Bury.

FEW Preference Shares are offered for subscription in a private limited company, being formed to take over a profitable business. Directordhlp can be offered on very advantageous terms to suitable gentleman.—Addrecis 'LIMITED,' c/o °wham Advertising Agency,Greaham House, London, 8.0.

A SAFE INVoSTWINT FOR LARGE OR SMALL INVESTORS- PAMPHLET POST FREE, THE CONTINENTAL PREMIUM BONDS CO., 81, West dunnyelde, Sunderland.

O_AS BDIGIIISTR, 30-brake horse-power and 16-brake horse- \-4 power, Crossley; good condition ; inspection invited; offers wanted.—J. LONG 1 SONS, builders, Bath. QBT BRNAKING TACKLB, scarcely soiled, no duns jock ; L) capital Webb Lunging Rein ; Two Pairs Clipping Machines ; good condition; also Brcwn Canvas Lock-up Bag. £2 the Iot.—WHITBY, Barnston, Birkenhead.

IpATENT ir 1 Ow AISCHRSTiIIt 133TABLIEIRED IN 1835. fdessrs. fillouoa DAVIES & SON have ha.` more than 40 year personal experianceln connection with this Establisb• ment, andpoesesspractinal nowlocice of the cotton,wooller and Iron manufactures. " Self-help to the tiew Patent Law," Price ed. "Colonial and ForeiKu Pateat Laws,' price Is. 9.1401ta1i DAVII3S, C.C., It 808. P.1.P.A., 81.5. A 4, ST:ANNII SQUARB.MANCLUISTEIL

QT. GEORGE'S IRON' WORKS, LIMIUHD (late Ormerod, Grierson and Co.), Hu?me. Mllanchester, have the Largest Assortment WHEEL and PULLHY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, Pruey and Tooth Block Patterns Zio., telonging to the late Henry Wren and Co., London. road Iron Works, Manchester, ann. are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,auu all kirds of Engineering Work promptiv.—CatalogueS of Wheels and Fulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: Ormerod Grierson, Manchester'.

yr, ATRIMO NY. CI IiNTLB MAN, 26, large means,position ill wishes marritge lady means. Strictest secrecy. Box 411, Advertiser Office, Northumberland Ayenye, W.O. MATRIMONIAL INTRODUCTIONS, genuine, to suit all Classes ; satisfaction certain.—For particulars, OMEGA, 22, Jeffrey at.. Dukintleld, Cheshire.

t(OR SALE. Double-froated House, 4 bedrooms, 2 attics, 3 rooms downstairs and pantry and outbuildings, large yard, freehold, good water and stable on too of a village green. Price £S3O.—SUMMERFIELD, Wattle, Essex.

LAND.—Freehold land, In many counties, for cattage, shop, farm, or mansion ; plots from £lO each, or £2) per acre (wood roads), payable by instalments, free deeds; houses,abomand bungalows. Mr.BßAKE,Farnborougb.Hants.

T AND.—FIINBHOLD LAND, in many counties, for -LA cottage, shop, farm, or mansion ; plots from £lO each, or £2O per acre (good roads), payable by Instalments, free deeds ; houses, shops, and bungalows.—Mr. Bakicg, Far]. bprough, Hants.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROC tTION. HOOPING COUGH The:celebrated electual cure without internal HOOFING COUGH medicine,

HOOPING COUGH ot all Chemists price H s oopiNG COUGH 4. pr bwothtoleies. ale Agen ts BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS dr SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, )ROUP London. ROCHE'S lIERBAL EMBROCATION. pßlCEateldlfSu.Prdinted on card or paper Illus-

FOR MOMS THAN TWENTY YEAUS THOUSAND:.4 ON' LAnIES HAVK DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DE?. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALP: PILLS, HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE A NOON TO WOMANKIND. They are the best known Remedy for Arnemia• Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitatim of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 91d. Is. lid.. 2s 9d.. 4s. 6d. and Ils. May be bad from all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the proprietor. Only &ddress 601, PORTOBELLO-HOAD, NOTTING HILL. LONDON W.

TOWLE'S C HLOKODYNE RENOWNED FOR COUGHS, TOWLE'S d 111LORODYNE INcLUENZ A, TOWLE'S LILORODYNE BRONCHITIS, CONSUMPTION, TO W LE'S cEILORODYNE ASTHMA, SPASMS, &C. 'TOWLE'S UHLORODYNE t3id. pm Bottle.

• CHAMPION (REGD.) THE MOST NUTRITIOUS AND ECONOMICAL MEAL ON THE MARKET FOR f IjATTLE. " The West Lancashire Agrlculturist " says CHAMPION MEAL Is approaching Oatmeal In appearance and quality, about one-half the price and really more digestible. CHAMPION MEAL FOR BEST RESULTS. LEAST COST. FULL PARTICULARS POST FREE FROM JOHN BRETHERTON & Ce..LTD., CHAMPION MILLS, LIVERPOOL.

THE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE RUNCORN IfX &MINER, published every Friday after 1_ noon. It is the best weekly paper Ii the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Adve-- tigers. THE WIDNES BXAMINER. published every Friday after- noon. Wianes contains the IPrgest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly grow- Inv centre of industry. THE HARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoo.. rpHE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, DObllSDed every Friday _I.. afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS APIRTMkNTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, ARTICLES POUND, MISCELLANE)US SALES. One •rtiree ;Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

THE EXAMINEE. FkiBRUARY IStb. 1905.

FOUND THAT FOR QUALITY AND VALU4 IN WINES AND SPIRITS FULTON BROS. CANNOT BE BEATEN. FULTON BROS. 20, RENSHAW STRRET. LIVERPOOL ALSO AT FULTON'S BUILDINGS, ROCEDALK. Telephone 2261 Royal, Liverpool.

... , ' .., '-;-- ";:,' •-;:,',,' ~ ~.....-, , ....- 'i:,..', .T.i- Y'•-•7, ..?. i; 1, fi',;i; ,-;,, 21'5.. v, ..V.- , •,.0.,^ '. I .. ~. I .., , (.., :. .., , 4 ! f !i , i' , , ' , 4 k , , . , , . V. , .iS ,-, +l,

CHILDREN THRIVE ON .......... _ , A f.',,,e,, IPS - ,- %. ''' v., • .4...544, 3%; ~.._ 3IP lri. t 3 4,1 , 1 t ' ••..- '4. .-, lire A ,::-. ~!' • ' i.ti :,..k,,,,, , 144' •+.14.-4/ 14. '•'''''.;• '''''....,/&'''''''''''' , i 0. 0." v• 2 . . . ~.i.,, , 4. 1. * • , .:. keiii. ~ 1.1,,, 1,414," , 7, ,•"1. ~, •C. V. , • f. '. `'.„.& 4,7, '3l', , , ' ' ~,:",teW 14, *.2,,t7 , v • till ~, .„, ..... (71“, , it' rrqi *oire; 4 ....•.,,,4:0 "v , ~ .8) %Y./PA . 1P 4,11, 6. ' IL. 4(iiim ....• "It builds up muscle and bodly vigour in an ..::-.. , ,P unfai4n3 way."—Country Life. , , A. 11 " ttcailh" c.-.ys—" Cadbury's is a food alike suitab e for building up the I .- 1 growing body and repairing the waste incidental to all tile pi ocesses of life." ,•- .., - " Black and White" says—" Every mother who values her Children's VI ~... health and good looks should give them Cadburys Cocoa for breakfast." , 6cf. PACKET 56. } fh/ath ie. White says—ußemiced in price, ,c....".„ REDUCED PRICES • . 3: Ib. TIN 73,'Ci. but e quality and absolute purity will be - And other sizes. maintained in every way." .1 , dimpw._ --lassmorgil ~. , •

The Best Remedy for A Heavy Cold As soon as you feel a cold coming on begin at once with Angier's Emulsion in doses of two teaspoonfuls every two or three hours. Take no other medi- cine—it is not necessary. Within twenty-four hours, cough is lessened, brotithial distress and soreness are less pronounced and expectoration easier. In most cases it requires but a few days' use of Angier's Emulsion to completely cure a case of "cold." It is pleasant to take, aids digestion and builds up strength. If you send 3d. for postage, and mention this paper, we will send you a free sample. firiers Emolsioo (PETROLEUM WITH hIYPOPHOSPHITES). Of Cbemists, xixi, 2/9 and /6;4 or post free from ANGIER CHEMICAL It, LO., 82 SNOW HILL, LONDON.

_ best season we have known for years, and may pros- perity, sociabality and goodfellowship continue to be the motto of the Wacrington Cycling Club. Mr. W. Lirro,..l moved the adoption of the report, remarking that it chronicled the club's doings in a way which reflected the greatest credit upon both the club and Mr. Pickavance. Their Secretary's literary abili- ties were indeed so great that one wondered that he had not achieved a very much higher post, but his time was so occupied with the work of the club that he had not the chance. (Laughter.) There was not the slightest doubt that they had had a most successful season but had it been twenty times as successful there would have been nothing lacking on Mr. Pickavance's part to have described it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. W. TAYLOR seconded, and the report was unani- mously adopted. THE FINANCES. The Hots. TREASURER (Mr. F. Garnett) reported that the receipts, including a balance brought forward of £3 3s. 3d., amounted to £2B 17s. 3d, The expenditure was £23 Os. 4d., leaving a balance in hand of £5 7s. 11d, In addition they had a balance in the bank of £8 185. 9d., making a total to the credit of the club of .814 6s. Bd. Mr. D DAVIES moved the adoption of the balance sheet. In seconding Mr. PICKAVANCE said the season had, from a financial point of view, been one of the most favourable they had ever experienced. Out of ninety members, only two had had to be struck off for non- payment of subscriptions. That,he thought, showed that they had the backbone of a good muster who would stick to the club. The position of affairs were highly creditable to ,the treasurer. (Hear, hear). The statement was adopted. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. Mr. W. H. BELLIAN proposed the re-election of Mr. John Naylor as president. They were proud to have such a gentleman at the head of the club, and ther were sure he was equally proud to preside over an organiza- tion of the standing of Warrington C.C. Mr. BOOTIE seconded and the proposition was heartily carried. The other elections were as 'follows :—Honorary vice-presidents, the Mayor (Alderman Bolton), Alder- man Pierpoint, Messrs. J. C. Parr, Roger C. Parr, T. F. Kiernar, IL Pierpoint, M.P., A. H. Crosfield, E. Houghton and T. Mather; active vice-presidents,Messrs. W. H. Bellian, W. Brown, A. Booth, J. Critchley, D. I Davies, J. •L. Davenport, Dr. Kisby, W. Litton, J. IPodmore,W. Mounfleld,and C. H. Wood; hon. secretary, Mr. E. Pickavance; hon. treasurer, Mr. F. Garnett; captain,, Mr. D. Hodge; sub-captain;Mr. J. G. Chappell; auditors, Messrs. W. Litton and J. E. Grounds; N.C.U. delegates, Messrs. E. Pickava,nce and A. Booth; com- mittee, Messrs. J. L. Davenport, G. H. Smith, W. H. Bellian, W. Taylor, J. T. Sampson, W. Brown, A. Booth, and J. Podmore. A vote of thanks to the Chairman for presiding con- cluded the meeting. A LIVERPOOL POLISHER'S PERIL. Zam-Buk Cures Poisoned and Ulcerated Arms Very few of those housewives who admire the beautiful work of the French polisher think of the physical suffering which has sometimes to be endured so as to give such a finish to the furniture. The chemicals used have frequentlya serious effect upon the man's hands and arms, and in a recent Liverpool case, blood poisoning and ulceration was the result. The victim was Mr. Joseph H. Jones, of 2, Raglan-terrace, Alma- street, Everton, Liverpool, and he has given an account of his sufferings, and of his cure by using Zam-Buk, to a Liverpool reporter: - "About seven or eight years ago," said Mr. Jones, "my fingers got covered with blisters in consequence of a strong polish I had' using. These blisters became very irritable, and in a time developed into ulcers, which caused me to seek medical aid. For several years I was taking medicine, but I never seemed to properly recover. Shortly after Caristmas the affection spread to my arms and lees, and I was quite unable to work. I had to lay up. My fingers were swollen' stiff, and were all out of shape whilst my arms had to be I bandaged twice a day, and was helpless as a child. My wife had to wash, dress, and Iced me, and I settled down as a confirmed "About this time my wife had been using Zam-Buk successfully for her chapped bands,and she prevailed on me to give it a trial. I did so, with a result that can only be described as magical. With absolute truth, I may say that from the first my hands and arms com- menced to improve, and at the end of a fortnight I was completely cured. The swellingshad gone,the stiffness vanished and the sort places were all healed up. I attribute this entirely to the soothing, antiseptic and curative powers of Zam-Buk, and when I think of the nights of sleeplessness I have suffered, of the agony I endured, my cure seems incredible." i Zam-Buk s invaluable for poisoned wounds, fester- ing sores, ulcers, eczema, piles, psoriasis,boils, pimples, sores, rash, bad legs, cuts, bruises, burns,scalds,chatings, itch, cramp, stiff joints, raw chins, black-heads, scalp irritation, sore heads, aching feet, weak ankles, sprains, stiffness, swollen knees, inflamed patches, and sunburn. Price Is. lid. per box,or 25.9 d. large family size (25.9 d. box contains nearly four times the Is. 1d.); of all chemists, or post free for same prices direct from the Zam-Buk Co., 4, Red Cross-street, London, R.C.

13114

Lymm Volunteers at Dinner. The prizes gained by members of the Lymm Volun- teer Company were distributed by the Rector (Rev. G. B. Thurston) at the annual dinner held on Saturday evening. A. large gathering was presided over by Captain J.F.G. Groves who said the company was now stronger than it had ever been since its forma- tion in 1863—The Rev. G. B. Thurstdn, in the corrse lof a brief speech, said it was the duty of every man to make himself efficient in military drill—A successful smoking concert was afterwards held.

eNtl. - OV IL Repels Influenza.

FOOTBALL. • FOOTBALLERS will be glad to know that the world famed manntacturers, GEO. G. BIMET & CO., of London turn out Balls, which for quality, uniformity and durability, are unique. These balls will be distinguished by the appear- ance thereon of their well-known trade mark. Ask the local Sports Dealer for G. G. B. A Co.'s Price List. It not pro- curable, apply to 36 A. 33 Queen Victoria st., London Factor y —Peckharn, S.E. (79)

Goddard• sL Plate Powder CieaninSilver.ElectroPlate.k .5431 d everywhere lb 2/6 s. 4/6.

BILLIARDS. THE STROKES OF THE GAME. BY [COPYRIGHT.] XXV. RUN-THROUGHS.—Cohtinued. Of ten and often position i occur which, although easy enough to score from by means of a run, through stroke, do not look particularly invit- ing to the average amateur as regards the after position. In many cases, however, splendid position may be obtained by an ordinary run. through cannon if only a little thought is giveat to theletroke instead of just playing for the one shot as so many players constantly do. DIAGRAM 62

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE ' OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. "I TAKE NO OTHER" 13, Robin Hood-street, Isle-of-Wight. November 29th, 1904. Dear Sir,—l feel it a great pleasure to drop you a line to say how much good I have derived through using your Rheumatic Pills. I have had Rheumatism off and on for several years. I was recommended to use your Pills and SINCE 'USING THEM I TAKE NO OTHER. I have likewise recommended them to others and they also wish me to let yon know what good they are doing them. I shall recommend them to all I know suffering from Rheumatism. You can make what use you like of this. I remain, Yours truly, JOHN CHAMBERS. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. 14d. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT &

11. I ; alik I, ti 13 a, r I ii ii .1 'I 4 • 4. -• ,i 1 I ,pI • . , • gi A. run-through can 7,--, - •n my' ---' "

ST. PAUL'S V. ST. CLEMENTS.—PIayed at St. Clements Club : ST. CLEMMTTS. ST. P kTJLS. Wolfenden Holmes Jones Broadhurst 94 Trow Simkin lOO Townley 35 Rhoden 556 441 4 - Win for St. Clements by 115. Played at St. Paul's Club. ST. CLEMENT'S 2ND. ST. PAUL'S 2ND. Carter lOO Addison B6 Fleming 100 Parkes Higham - 100 Bartley ' Evans • 62 Robinson 100 Hough 5l Deakin lOO Hankinsof: 446 572 Win for St. Paul's 2nd by 106. DRAUGHTS. 1 LATCHFORD BAPTIST 2ND V. GOLBORNE-STREET BAPTIST 2ND.—At Latchford OR Friday. Scores :- 1 LATCHFORD BAPTIST. GOLBORNE-ST., BAPTIST. Wins. Draws. Wins. 1 W. Potter 0 E. Kenwright 2 G. Hamer 0 2 S. Albinson 1 F. Wright O T. Norbury 1 G. Rickers 2 J. Fairhurst 2 J. Albinson 0 Hamer 8 4 2 LATCHFORD BAPTIST V. CROSFIELD'S.—At Latch- ford on Monday. Scores : LATCIIFORD BAPTIST. cliosn; ED'S. Wins. Draws. Wins. O H. Richardson 1 T. Albinson - ~ 1 A. Harper 2 A. Albinson 1 *F. Wright 0 *Bate 2 W. Potter 0 Fleming 0 1 P. Wilkinson 1 Bell 0 8 4 1 *Only one game played. LATCHFORD BAPTIST 2ND V. UROSPIELD'S 2ND.—At Latchford on Monday. LATCHFORD BAPTIST. CROSFIELD'S. Wins. Draws. Wins. O E. Kenwright 2 S. Albinson 1 J. Fairhurst 2 T. Norbury 0 J. Rudge 2 S. Rowbotha m 0 W. E. Clegg 0 2 J. Albinson 2 W. Bamber 0 A. Williams 0 11 1 2

Thousands of delighted travellers acknowledge it to be the ideal home WINTER, HEALTH, AND PLEASURE RESORT. Why incur the trouble and expense of a long Forieg,n Journey when the fkr'l 111 GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY CAN TAKE YOU IN A FEW goußs TO THE Delightful Cornish Riviera? Fast and Luxurious Trains. • Cheap Fares. G.W.R. Co.'s Tregenna Castle Hotel at St. Wes. WRITE TO StiPERINTENDENT OF THE LINE, PADDINGTON STATION, W., for Illustrated Bonklet Free. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE, GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY • EADE'S PILLS. "QUITE CURED AFTER TWO DAYS !! " Mona Cottages, Coalville, Leicestershire. June 4th, 1904. Dear Sir.—l thank you for the good I have received from your Pills. T had a very bad attack about two months ago and tried almost everything, but got no better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that AFTER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED. I was so bad for a mouth I could hardly get downstairs. Being a miner you may guess how I suffered, but thanks to your Pills I have never felt the least pain since. I recommend them to everybody myself. Yours gratefully. JAMES WRIGHT. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in- jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is 1.:1 and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. ---- lEUMATIC PILLS.

, (e 6 \... '.l A .44 , / , ~z 7 - • 'IN., •r, ,:', '1.4 F 1 ' . ,Yfl , - • •:' , s Are 4 „N 4.4fit'''''' . 1i you ; ~9it, 0.1 o : , . ' . .----.' r . there 2 • ,i, ~,:t_ .„ 4: A, !... Ves !we are , No 1 1 24, i PITTS'S . ' General Furnishers, , LONDON ROAD, . .-, . MANCHESTER. . We are preceeding is quickly . . as possible with the Complete , , Furnishing Order you and •• • . you/ tntended husband favored Us tvitb. Vou may sely upon OUR BEST ATTENTION.II • -- PITTS'S Renowned HOUSES OF FURNI- TURE, at 15f, 22f, 28f, 381, 50, 75, and 100 guineas are " just the thing" for the thrifty artisan, They represent UTMOST POSSIBLE VALUE. Full details and FURNISHING GUIDE, containing 800 priced designsApostjfree. Cash quotations only. Easy payments 10 per cent. extra. 1110IPTS'S Model FORNISFIRO HOUSE./ 1_ always on view. SEVEN ROOMS, furnished throughout with tasteful and durable articles and fabrics, guaranteed absolutely NEW, for 20D guineas FIVE ROOMS for 100 guineas. Also TWENTY SPECIMIIN FURNISHED ROOMS—at 7, 13, 20, 35, 50, 60, up to 125 guineas each. Fhotos and Details Post Free.

FREE TO ALL LADIES. For Postal Order value Is. and Five Penny stamps we will forward a Hand- some Chatelaine Bag with Chain and Belt Clasp complete, together !with no • , Generous offer of a Beautiful Tailor- made Costume Skirt. in Navy Blue or Black, the latest West End and Paris / Fashion. In ordering tate Measure- ments. Send to- day, as we are giving ,y t these biting away FREE for a Limited Time only, in order to introduce our . Goods to all readers of this paper.— Address Manager, the Skirt Stores , (Costume Dept., EO, 353. Essex-road, • London, N. ........,42

especially ask those who have tried °the! remedies without obtaining rellei to take Dr. WILLIAMSON'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS, and I unhesitatingly say I WILL CURE YOU. Trom thousands of Testimonials let me quote the following UNIMPEACHABLE MEDICAL TESTIMONY 146 Bloomfield Terrace, Bayswater, W. 'I have never known a case, hove .er ebeinatis, that did not yield to their treat meat.' hi. De 'Pere Stacpoole (algcon). 1/It, 2/9, 4 6 per hnx, IoF.I- tree front A. lianctr, Dr. Wil- liamson's Gout and Rh+ nn atio Pil: D4l th, 81 Prpe Street Lon du 177.1%. DON'T DEILAY. SDND NOW

CRU ETS I CRUETS!! CRUETS!!! i. To advertise our goods we send, . 0 carriage paid to your door, for the sum of 4/-, this handsome and mas- -1 .il sive 4-bottle Cruet. Can be used A., either for Luncheon or Breakfast. . /1: = ! , Material and workmanship is of the beet Q :..I rdi ~.A quality possible in electro plate. Bend •-"•,•,,,,t, J23,i, ,:, at once aigit,o)b,riezatlisterintment. .i: /'.ri dliv ,13 Sing Edward Road, raomeloya BIRMINGHAM.

MEN AND WOMEN Wantrei to work our rapid KNtTT- INI MACHINICS at their homes, making work for us to sell to the k Trade.• No experience; o canvass- ., log; steady work ; good mlney •- earned • ellatance no hindrance. w 1'11;40-DAY. THE HARDY MACHINE AND WOOLLNN CO. (Dept. HI).) 69, CHOWN STRRRT, NEANCHESTSR

TIRED MEN. When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Electri2 Belts, write to me, and I will send yen a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may he quickly and thoroughly cured of NERVOITSISE',S. hXHAUSTION, VARICOCIILE, and DEBILITY, from any cause whatever, WITI4OUT STOMACH MEDIC:NV, or ELECTRICITY. \Hundreds of cures. Book sent eealed,post free, for two stamps.—A. J. LbIGH, 92 and 93,Great Russell St., London. W.O. Over seventeen years' successful results.

0 111 Wunuerlial water pruoter to BOOTS A HARNESS. of- Dales' tens and preserves the Leath& Pleasant odour allow polish log with blacking. GOLD MEDAL. EXHIBITION HIGH BSI AWARDS. ciabb. Tin, ad.. 6d., ~ 6 ea/6 of Born Makers, Saddlers, IronnioneerJ 6.c. Manntaclory East Thant:eh London'

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY AND FIRE PROTECTION of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements. WRI TE FOR PAMPtiLETS: MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE O SOFT LINEN WHEN fp. sllb, STARCHED. Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW. The greatest, boon ever offered to the 'Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, dm It does not stick to spider-web-; Ike materials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id., 3d., and 6d. each. PREPARED ONLY BY T. CRITCHLBY. Chemist. BLACKBURN. 74VVi1tecrms htreet, London, ILO.

- , •,,i4 .:4'''" k;:l ROWN Ihwili CO., ~,, . .„,.,„ 1 ~ , -- USINESS . . . ...,, 1 ROKERS AND VALUERS, Established 1875. If you want to buy a genuine Business, or require a partner, from £5 to £5,000, in Liverpool and District—consult us. NO SALE. NO CHARGE. 34, South John Street, Lord (C)Siltrroot) LIVERPOOL.

"Wrir•sr .f.:' iry A --The Incorporated 1P.4341 ' 444') f Thames Nautical ~. Training College H.M.S. " WORCESTER.. Off Greenhrthe, Kent. m'S Z' ..,.. '.l:- C• rf . ducates Boys for Officers ut the Merchant Service. Naval Cadetships granted annually and appointments to R.N.R. I,..AItiWoRcL,StER pply W. M. BULLIVANT, Hon. Sec. , Mark Lane, Leaden. TLC • a .

, C Et STA fcY_,D powpign, Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO EGGS! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

111 SA ', :_‘‘'E Hoe's Sauce excels all others for imparting a delicious savour to all made-up dishes. A trial proves it.

THE BEST WAY :Lira:r ettiA.air:l by experience. Thousands of users find WASHING AT HOME with Bradford's "Vowel" Washing Idaohatoo is the best way. Catalogues &ad full partwalars pest free from THOMAS 8R.1,0.3t'" & cwwwas hos Wseks,Baltyld; 121, Bold ultimata •••1111114 P.S.P4S. aIPIMOIAIW ; 14.
