===== 0002601_19050121_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRING lON.- THE SANITARY WORKS COMMITTEE IS PRE. 'HD TO RECEIVE TENDERS for the supply of the following materials for Longford Depot for a period of 12 months from the lit April next :—Wrought Iron, Bolts, Brushes, Castings, Fireclay, Tools, Packing, Shovels, Oils, Waste, Tool Steel, Vitriol, &c.. also for carting. Samples of goods required may be seen and specification and form of tender obtained from the Manager, Longford Depot on payment of 10s. which will tie returned on receipt Of a bone fide tender. The contractors shall pay all persons engaged or employed by them on the works, the rates of wages recognised in the district and shall observe such hours of labour as are gener- ally accepted as fair in each trade. Tenders in securely fastened envelopes endorsed " Tender for Depot Materials" and addressed f• The Chairman, Sanitary Works Committee, Town Hall. Warrington" to be delivered not later than Monday, 30th, January, 1905. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall, Warrington, 20th January. 1905.

CORTRACTS. TrM4 COANIITTEK OF Tau REGISIENTAL INSTITUP if at ORFORD BARRACKS, WARRING• TON, ARE PREPARED TO RECEIVE TENDERS for the suPnly of Beer. Minerals. Groceries. Milk, Potatoes, Vegetables, Bread, Confectionery'. Cod, /cc.' Cigars, Tobacco, Fish, and sundries for a period of six months, commencing let YEBRIJARY, 1905, Application for the special tender form to be made to the President, Regimental Institute, Orford Barracks. Tenders to be delivered by 13 noon on the tsth JANUA.RY. 1904, addressed to the President, Regimental Institistes securely sealed and marked on the envelope " Tender for Canteen Supplies." (Signed) B. J. CLARKE JERVOISE, CAPT. President Regt.lnst.lB/4011LD4 Warrington, January 4, 190.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_19050121_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL SCHOLARSHIPS. —THE EDUCATION COMMITTEE OFFERS FOR COMPETInoN the following Scholarships : (a) A NUMBER TENABLE for 12 WEEKS at the DIARY INSTITUTE, Warleston, for instruction in Dairy Work, and commencing on Monday, February 27th next. Applications for the same t) be forwarded not later than February 13th, 1905. (b) ONE HUNDRED and FIFTY COUNTY JUNIOR SCHOLARSHIPS open to boys and girls of not more than 14 years of ago on August let 1905, t enable them to proceed to Secondary Day Schools for a period of three years. Applications for these to be received not later than March Ist 1905. _

(c) TWENTY COUNTY JUNIOR SCHOLARSHIPS to boy and girls of 14 years of age and upwards on August Ist 1905, who have been in attendance at a Secondary School for at least two years and dt, ire to become Pupil Teachers a: the age of 16 or as soon after as possible. Applizations for these to be received not later than May Ist. 1905.

_ (d) TWO DAY SCHOLARSHIPS in ART SUBJECTS open to students c.f either sex who are not less thin 16 or more than 26 years of age on September Ist next, to enable them to pursue their studies for three years at the Royal School of Art, South Kensington. Applica- tions for these must be received not later than March 31st, 1905. Particulars in regard to the above, and forms of application, can be obtained from RD. P. WARD, Director of Education, County Education OfficesVity road, Chester.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 1221 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, J EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER W NICHES. JEWELLERY

(BY ALL THB LEADnecl KAKzia)

SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE

AND

07 EVERY DESCRIPTION.

30 xo 50 PHR CWT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES

Old qold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds ate., boaghtg)or taken in exchange. Kelley:advance on Jewelkey, Diamonds, Watebes, Plate, U., to any amount at lowltatos of interest ; strict Privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention.. TELEPSONE4I2OBI.

AWONDERFUL DISCOVERY.—This is the age of research and experiment, when all nature, so to speak, is ransacked by the scientific for the comfcrt and happiness of man. Science has indeed made giant strides during the past century, and among the—by no rneansileas t impartaut—disooveries in medicine comes that of

THRRAPION. This preparation is unquestionably ono of the most gen- uine and reliable Patent Medicines ever introduced, and has we understand, been used in the Continental Hospitals by Eduard, Rattan, Jebert, Velpeau, Maisonneuve, the well- known Chassalgnao, and indeed by all who are regarded as authorities ID such matters, including the celebrated Lalle- mend, and Rous.by whom it was some time since uniformly adopted, and that it is worthy the attention of those who require such a remedy we think there is no doubt. From the time of &ristotle downwards a potent agent in the re- moval of these diseases has, like the fenael philosopher's stone been the object of search of some hopeful generous minds ; and far beyond the mere power—if Bach could ever have been discovered—of transmuting the baser metal into gold is surely the discovery of a remedy so potent as to re- plenish the failing energies in the one ease, and in the other so effectually, speedily and safely to expel from the system the poisons of acquired or inherited disease in all their proteau forms as to leave no taint or trace behind. Such is the new French Remedy THRR&FION, which may certainly rank with, if not take precedence of. many of tkie discoveries of our day, about which no little ostentation and noise have been made,and the extensive and ever-increasing demand that has been created for this medicine wherever introduced appears to prove that It is destined to cast into oblivion all those questionable remedies that were formerly the sole reliance of medical men. Therapion may be obtained of the principal chemists and merchants throughout the world.—" Diamond Pistils Advortiser.—Kiatherley. —For particulars of Therapion, send stamped, addressed envelope JOR.IIIIII.,IiNdON, 43, HOLFOIi SQ., „LONDON, W.O

A ONEY ! MONEY U MON E ! ! TO £lOOO. in. To each and everyone a hearty invitation is offered before going elsewhere to call or write to me in confidence and convince yourself tbat mine Is the lowest 1 oterest end lowest rate of repayment in llngland. The entire chargs £5 to repay £5 61. Od, £lO to repay £1.7. Os. 01, £2O „ £2l 0. Od. £lO „ £lB Os. 01. Larger sums proportionately. No bona-fi(e application refused. For honourable and straightforward dealing apply at once t) J. JENNINGS, Manager :private house), 9, ACADMMY ST., WARRINGTON. No delay. Strictest privacy whether business done er not. Matt deliveredon day at application. Distance no objezt.:

===== 0002601_19050121_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
inourn

£5, £7, .£lO, .£2O. .£3O, £5O, .£lOO. I‘DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- _ MEN. FARMERS. WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- le /Immix]!dem on their own security, without delay, On your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, POOT OP THE cinema'. STATION. MA/PILGER JOHN E. GOOD WIN. .B.—Establishei at this tdlrass Twantv Years.

_ VROM ..£3 AND UPWARDS. DONT FAIL TO JL' GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable ls 6cl weekly £2O repayable 7s 64 weekly. £5 „ Es Pd „ £5O .. 17s 64 „ £lO 71 fid ~ £lOO , 398 64 .. For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply in con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO.. .31. CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. fitswacucausis, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. Home, 9 ain to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. ESTABLISIaiD OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS' 2, KING-STREET, HAN LEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET. CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l-000. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DART Es wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE LOW RATb OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OP SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING GIVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROW ER. THE ABSENCE OF ALL FEES. NO BILLS OF sALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEXTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative NSIII call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions a their own homes or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable charges are widely kown and my reputation stands unrivalled

ik-T- I! c THE ' rIN ATIONAL LOAN 00CIETY iI expressly established and registered pursuant to Ad of Parliament to make private advances without loan office formalities to all classes (male or, female) fr 302

£5 TO •itl,ooo. ON SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISR TO REPAY for any immediate want to start in business, furnish your house, ti pay rent or rates Or for any private use. The advance can be pats back by easy instalments o, can remain out from one to five years by paying the interest only. Haying a large capital always ready for invsatment, we can lend quickly and cheaply, Distance no object. Interest and re- payments lowest in England or Wales. The money is advanced at applicant's own house if required, thus swing them the trouble and expense of a journey. Strict privacy and straightforward dealings inaranteed. It will oost you nothing, it will save you pounds by applying eitner person- ally or lay letter for our free prospectus to the NATIONAL LOAN SOCIETY, 4/, CORPORATION ST.,MANCEDISTIIBI- - to our district Moe. 82, MILL ST., CRIM M.l

===== 0002601_19050121_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YOUR McDOUGALL's pateo SELF-RAISING FLOW? The Examiner, Saturday, January 21, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
[Ala, lizoirrs lizszavirm.]

THE FOUR OF HEARTS,

MARY ANGELA DICKENS

!Author of" A Were Cypher," te.)

CHAPTER I.

"Oh, Miss Rose, what a heaven on earth our house would be if it wasn't fur the men-folk l" Sarah was drawing the curtains in her mis- tress's bedroom. She bad paused, one curtain in hand, to enunciate this sentiment, and the deep sigh that accompanied it. seemed to leave her breathless for the moment. The pause was broken by a little laugh from Miss Rose. Sarah finished drawing the curtain with a jerk of remonstrance. " I don't think it's anything to laugh at, Miss Rose," she said severely. " More especially knowing well, as I know, that you feel the same ‘bout the men as I do." "There you are perfectly right, Sarah," re- sponded Miss Rose, raising herself on her pillow, and brushing her hair back from her eyes with a sleepy gesture. "I think my own sex worth the other twice over. Ido not like men," she trans- lated, as she became awake enough to see that her words missed fire. "But you've known that for years, Sarah, and I don't quite see why you wake me this morning by stating whit we both feel so strongly." "I haven't had a wink of sleep this night for thinking on 'em in this house." "Burglars, did you think you heard ?" en- quired Miss Rose anxiously. " Burglars,—no ! I'm not one to mind a bur- glar, Miss Rose. I never was timid from a child. I'd go and meet him if I beard him, that's all ! Besides, a burglar, he's there and he's gone, as you may say. Burglars don't stay in a lady's house no longer than they can help. No. It's them two men as you had the letter from last night that's been wearing me to a thread-paper this last twelve hours! The force of imagination was stryng in Sarah. No unimaginative soul could have mentioned a thread-paper in connection with the robust com- fortable looking figure, rosy cheeks and bright eyes that she owned. Sarah was aware that she possessed certain personal attractions. She had been heard to describe herself„as " a personable woman for my years "—that mysterious adjective implying everything that a woman of forty-nine need boast. "The letter I had by the evening post about tenants for the house for August ?" "That—in course," replied Sarah. She held at this moment a brush in one hand, a comb in the other; instead of placing them on the dress- ing table she made a gesture of both hands to which they added a strange force. The gesture was one of complete repudiation. "To think," she went on, "of you, Miss Rose, letting this house as me and you have such pride in and kept ourselves to ourselves in for six years, to two men. Two men !" she repeated, laying the brush down with a bang of unutter- able disdain.

Miss Rose regarded her handmaiden seriously. " I hoped," she said, "as I told you lest night, Sarah, that you would think reasonably of it this morning. I really think you will if you reflect that it is not a matter that concerns either you or me 80 nearly as—" "sot concern me f" said Sarah. "A man in my kitchen—" She ground under her foot a stray hairpin as some slight expression of her feelings. "What I meant to say," continued Miss Rose, "was that you and I personally need hardly come in contact with them at all. You will be staying with your niece, and I shall go to Lady Manion at Longmeads for August. We never come back until our tenants are gone." "To fiud the place out o' windows !" moaned Sarah. " Well, if that is what most distresses you you could easily keep an eye on the kitchen affairs, Sarah. You will be close at hand, you see, with your niece. I cannot see that the trouble is so hopeless, I must say." " If they could only a' been ladies, like other years." " I would far rather have had ladies, but you know as 'well as I do, Sarah, that I am not justified in refusing a good tenant. I have not finally decided to let the house to Captain Sandys, but I warn you that I think it probable that I shall do so ; so it would, be wise of you to con- sider the bright side of things a little more. And now, don't you think it would be as well to give a look to Dulcinea's doings with the breakfast, and let me get up ?" Sarah crossed the pretty bedroom and shut the boor with a foreboding firmness. A strong desire to bang it was only thwarted by the influence of her long training in what she called " good ser- vice." " Bright side o' things !" she muttered, as she went downstairs, " a deal o' bright side there is about this affair. Miss Rose has wonderful eye-+ if she can see any ! I don't, and what's more I never shall !" With this hopeful prognostication she ()pence:, the door of the pleasant kitchen. " Dulcinea," she exclaimed in a distinctly hortatory tone. " What are you doing ?" She threw her voice in the direction of the pan- try, and an answer came thence in the shape of the clattering of cups and saucers. Having thus satisfied herself as to the doings of her underling, Sarah seized an armful of snowy damask and de- parted to lay the cloth for breakfast. Miss Rose Trevor, and her servant, Sarah Brown, the inhabitants of the Cottage, were both decidedly " old maids " in the eyes of the dwel- lers in the village of Southleigh. Miss Trevor was thirty-seven, and though she was still a pretty woman, with a very charming and gentle manner, she "looked her age," as the phrase is. Left quite alone in the world at thirty-one, she had settled in the village of Southleigh, where she had discovered a house exactly to her mind. With her had come, as cook and housekeeper, her old friend and servant of many years' standing— 'Sarah ' Brown. Sarah had been housekeeper to Miss Trevor's mother, and nothing would have in- duced her ever to leave the mistress she still some- times considered as a young and thoughtless girl. If any further link between the two had been needed, it would have been found in the feelings with which they both regarded the other sex. Sarah's feelings for men took their rise in con- tempt, pure and simple. To her, men were sim- ply brainless, inconvenient animals, with an un- limited capacity for "making work." And as such she despised and:detested them one and all. Miss Rose's feelings were at the other end of the same gamut. She was shy and ill at ease with men. She could not understand them. She was one of those women who have never seen a man for whom they could care, a man through whom the sex becomes comprehensible. The result was the same as in Sarah's case. She shrank from all unnecessary contact with men, and she had al- ways done so. The letter which was lending such force to Sarah's arm and speech this morning had certain- ly come with a shock into her secluded life. Miss Trevor was not at all rich, and it was her custom to add to her slender income by letting her pretty house furnished for August. Southleigh was near the coast, and it was moreover close to some ex- cellent trout streams. Both these facts were stated in the unassuming advertisement sent to a reli- able paper by Miss Trevor's reliable lawyer. The first had brought tenants for the past five Au- gusts of her ownership. Maiden or widowed ladies of unimpeachable dignity, with servants to match, had presided over The Cottage for a month and had handed it hack in faultless order to Miss Rose and Sarah. This year, however, it was the latter advantage which had called forth an answer. Miss Rose's lotter of the previous night had come from a Captain Sandys —retired from the navy. as he stated in his modest applica- tion. He desired to take The Cottage for Au- gust, and he further &sine to bring with him his own servant—" formerly a seaman, now in my service for many years." the letter said. This man, by name John Croke, would, it appeared, cook and do all that his master required, with the aid of " aboy to give daily help, who might possibly bo found locally." There were no condi- tions, no enquiries sa..l) as emanated from fensin- line would-be tenants as to soil, drainage, society, and churches. Captain Sitmlys's wants were, Plainly, few 11112 d twee thought It over au day. She did not desire a man as tenant. But on the other hand she did desire a tenant of 1.01110 kind, and July was half gone and this was the first offer she had received. This and the thought that as she said to herself, she '• need see really nothing of him," decided her. " have eonsidered it carefully," she 'told Sarah at tea-time, "and I have told Captain Sandys that lie may come. You see," she added, as she saw Sarah preparing a forlorn hope of protest, " a tenant is really so important to me, and we can put away all the things a man would spoil." The last sentence sent Sarah hurrying to the kitchen to begin then and there a process which left it, we...lt—adapted onlj. to the most primitive iageds,-%

===== 0002601_19050121_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
CILAPTER IL

Sarah was ratner bored. " Tired o' doing no- thing "is the way in which she described her Three days before Captain Sandys with his ser- vant had arrived and had taken possession of The Cottage, Miss Rose had gone to her friend Lady illardon at Longmeads, a country house three miles from Southleigh. She tad set off with her neat dress-trunk at least six hours before Cap- tain Sandys could possibly arrive. " I want—and so does Sarah—to be well out of the way before they come," Miss Rose had said to a Southleigh friend. So Sarah at the same hour had betaken herself to the house of her mar- ried niece in the village, with Gus wheeling her box on a wheelbarrow before her. Gus or Aug- astus—he was known by either name a.s Sarah's temper dictated—was the " boy " at The Cot- tage. He had now been engaged by Captain Sandys, on Miss Trevor's recommendation, as the " daily help" to John Croke. Dulcinea bad gone home to her mother the day before. Thus The Cottage had been left empty for its new ten- ants, with Giza to do the honours of the back premises. Since then nothing had been beard or seen of the newcomers—nothing that is worthy of inter- est. But this was not for want of effort. Sarah had suborned men—in other words she had pro- mised her niece's eldest boy Tommy twopence to waylay Gus on his way home and to bring him to the residence of Mrs. Charles Brown. Tommy Brown had done as his great aunt bade him and Gus duly appeared in Sarah's niece's kitchen. " Well, Gus," Sarah had eagerly demanded. " What are they like ?" Dunno," was the imperturbable response. Possibly Gus thought it a moment for repayment of past injuries. "What's the man-servant like i" said Sarah sharply. "You've seen plenty of him—must

" Lame a bit," said Gus. " Whistles a bit, too."

"So does a blackbird !" retorted Sarah. " You never had no sense, Augustus. What have you been a-doing for him, anyway F" " Same as I do for you evenin's," replied Gus. " Coal an' that." " Didn't be say anything ?" "He arsk me if there wasn't no kettles nor saucepans, more nor one o' each, and I says—" "You says—" " I says there was plenty on 'ern somewhere. They was there when you was about." - . _ _ _ _ _ _ _

Al this crisis Saral had intimated unmistake- ably her desire that the interview should close, following this later by an assertion to Tommy Brown that it was not worth twopence ; at which Tommy used language strong for his tender years, and was chastised for the same by his mother.

Subsequently the milkman and the baker had been approached. The former had asserted that Captain Sandys was "not a bad sort of gent," the latter that John Croke was "one of your joking ones "—a statement which might mean anything, as indeed might the description of his master. Beyond these meagre crunibm Sarah had heard nothing, and on this, the third afternoon, the lack of information was beginning to oppress her painfully. She was sitting alone in her niece's kitchen— her niece had 'stepped out" leaving Aunt Sarah in charge of Tommy's youngest brother for half an hour. The age of Tommy's youngest brother was five months, and as he slept in his cradle the sleep of the just, he did not, strictly speaking, pro- vide his great aunt with society. Sarah had in her hands some of the sewing she "never had a min- nit to do " in her daily life, but it fell readily enough from her fingers as a knock came to the door. Anything was better than this dulness, she thought, so she rose quickly and opened the back door. Outside, in the path between two neat rows of scarlet runners, stood a man. _ _

He was, roughly speaking, about fifty-five. His face was " weathered," to use an expressive word which combines bronze and red; he had grizzled but still curly hair and very bright blue eyes. He was very neat, and held himself so up- right that one did not immediately see that he was slightly lame, one leg being drawn up a little. _ _ _

"Fell down a companion," he said very cheer- fully, catching Sarah's eye fixed on it, " always explain that first : saves trouble." Sarah felt for the first time for many years ex- tremely apologetic. This made her face quite meek and therefore more pleasing than usual as he asked equally cheerily "Name o' Mrs. Sarah Brown live here 'i"

" I'm Sarah Brown," said the owner of the name : " at your service," she added with un- usual politeness. " Obliged, I'm sure. Could I have a word with you P" Sarah opened the door wider. There was no stronger passion in her breast than curiosity at any time, and it was beginning to dawn on her that this unexpected visitor was none other than the man-servant from The Cottage, the very indi- yidua of whose doings she was so anxious to learn. So she bade him enter, cordially. "Name o' Croke myself," he said as he did so. "Tenants o' your mistress as I understand her to be." " And rightly," said Sarah quite graciously. There was something in those bright eyes of his which, unconsciously to herself, was softening Sarah's usual asperity curiously. "I called," he said taking the chair Sarah of- fered him, "about a matter o' furnishing up at your house." "Furnishing !" Sarah bristled all :over. "If that's it, it's for your master to see my mistress. He'd better do that." _

"He may a' done so by this time for all I know," Croke said calmly. "He's gone calling over to Longmeads, where I understand your mistress is a-staying—old friends Sir John Mar- don an' him is—but that's neither here nor there. He ain't a-going to talk to her about famishing not even if he do see her—reason why and it's a good 'un—he don't know." "Don't know what ?" "My business wi' you. It is wi' you, as I be- lieve the kitchen's your department when you are in your own house. ' Now, I ask yon—can anyone, bavin' a particular master, bless him for a good 'un such as few have at the same time, but I ask you can anyone fry, boil, stew, to say nothing o' vegetables, in nothing but one sauce- pan? I put it to you, Mrs. Brown—" " I've never been such a fool as to be Mrs. anything," put in Sarah sharply. " Miss Brown, I beg your pardon, I'm pure. But you take my meaning—as to the milk alone."

"Saucepans is to be had," said Sarah shortly. " Exactly so," responded Croke, very suavely. " And I'll take my oath you never sent up them little dinners of yours—which I can tell from see- ing you what they was like—with one saucepan and never a stew nor frying-pan. I says to my- self, yesterday, I says, this here's my stupidity : there's saucepans enough in some cupboard some- where if I'd the sem.: to find them. And the boy, " He's a idiot !" broke in Sarah. " Common failin' o' boys—we find it at sea, I assure you But he seemed to think there was more—somewhere mislaid. And to myself I thinks I'll go and ask the lady myself. She'll help a poor fellow out of a difficulty when it's put to her—such a pleasant lady as I've found her tOo !"

, For the first time for years Sarah's " person- able " countenance wag mantled with a colour not of anger. She sat I;ngering her sewing and . looking down at it. There was a pause which , Croke made no a hristl;.

"Best thing 'ud bey" she. said at length. " if I was to put on my bonnet and come along up and have a look for them saucepans." She was fin- gering a key in her ample pocket as she spoke. "Who knows, I might find 'em. I know the places,. you See." -

, "Think you kindly, I'm sure," Croke ejacu- lated. " I take it very kind, that I do." rive minutes later, Mrs. Charles Brown, hurry- ing home to get tea for her aunt and herself, wa-, amazed to see the former standing at the lack door with her bonnet on in amicable conversation with a man.

"I'm just stepping up to The Cottage," an- nounced Sarah airily : " I shall be back to tea " Unless you'll condescend to take a cup in your own kitchen, along o' me, ?aim Brown," ut in Croke.

It was the second of September. Miss Trevot I'd driven back to The Cottage, the won iii of her sojouna at Lougmeacis being over, and she was standing in her own drawing-room. But she was not alone. Confronting her was a man. He was tall, with one of those expressive faees tlrit ale better 'coking in later than in early life. Captain &mays bad been a frank-fsecd, good-natured hid, and there was still about hint an indefinable re- membrance of that frank-faced boy. But his fifty years had brought a dignity, a hich, com- bined ;with the candour and fearlessness, gave his whole personality a great charm. His manner was very simple, and the suggestion of his boy. hood was completed by the way in which be twisted his straw hat in his strong and capable hands.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
eft.!vg!.!,!

===== 0002601_19050121_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
As Uaptarn Sandy's stood there looking aroma' him with a certain air of regretful leavetaking of the room and its associations, he scarcely realised, perhaps, how little of the past month he had ac- tually spent here, and how much of it he had spent at Lorigheads. His first call at Longmeads—that of which Croke had told Sarah —bad been paid in all un- consciousness of Miss Trevor's presence there. He had simply gone to " look up" his old friend, Sir John Mardon. But after that first visit he had constantly bicycled to Longmeads ; in fact, as has been said, he had certainly spent more time there than at The Cottage. " I'm really most awfully Sorry—no-one, in fact, was ever sorrier to leave a place than I am to leave this," he declared emphatically. " I've never—no, I've never had such a month. I wish it were all to come again. I know you, Miss Trevor, must be feeling the very reverse—only too glad to get back to the delightful house you have allowed me to occupy." He paused a moment as much for want of breath as for anything else. "I am sorry. Miss Bose put in very gently. " Sorry I" he repeated impetuously as if strin-k by her words. " Sorry ? Sorry to get back or sorry we are going? Sorry ! Do you mean is it possible that—could a charming woman like you have an idea of what a battered old sailor— in short—" _

He suddenly caught both her hands in his. Miss Rose did not draw them away. " I'd try to make you happy—on my life- I would !" be said fervently. " I've been lonely all my life—could you take pity on me ?" Miss Rose's pretty, slightly worn face looked as it must have looked at nineteen. She lifted it shyly to his. " I have never before cared for anyone —likv this—" she said. " But if it will make you happy—l shall be very happy," she ended sim- ply. A quarter of an hour later sounds as of ap- proaching tea were heard and Miss Rose started. " Oh—Dick," she said anxiously. " I've got to tell her—Sarah. You must go away quickly —After tea—and let rue do it."

" I may come to-morrow ?" he said pleading- -1Y• But though he went obediently enough on re- ceiving an assurance of his future welcome, Idi.4 Rose did not set to work at the task before her. Dinner time passed, bedtime came, and she had not exchanged a word with Sarah. She started violently as a knock came to her bedroom door just after she had gone upstairs. The knock was immediately followed by the en- trance of Sarah with a can.

" I'm come with your hot water 'stead of Dul • cinea," she said. And the statement of this self- evident fact seemed to exhaust her mental Dowers

===== 0002601_19050121_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLIERY DISASTER AT BOLD.

FIVE LIVES LOST.

A shaft accident by which five lives were lost and thirteen men and boys more or less injured occurred early on Monday morning at the Bold Colliery, half way between St. Helens and Warrington. A few minutes before six a cage containing 18 persons was sent down the shaft. The winding was controlled in the engine- house by a man named James Fowler. The cage should have stopped at a mouthing 1,650 ft. below the surface. Here there were strong cross-beams upon which tho cage should have rested. From some cause which has yet to be thoroughly cleared up the cage did not stop. It struck the timber work with such force as to crash through it, the occupants of the cage being thrown violently about. For another 90ft. the cage descended, and then it struck and was stopped I by a strong platform. This had been erected in the shaft in connection with some sinking operations. Had it not been there it is to be feared that the cage would have fallen into the sump hole 150 ft. below and all the 18 occupants been drowned. Within the cage the effects of the crash were terrible. The occupants seem to have been hurled up to the roof and thrown one against another in a heap. All were bruised and cut, most of them badly crushed, and some had bones broken. When a rescue party could get to work it was found that four of the 18 were dead, and a fifth died shortly after reaching the hospital. One had been thrown out of the cage, and was with difficulty extricated from his position. The work of rescue was rendered easier by the fact that just above the platform there is an airway giving access to another shaft. Through this the injured and the dead were conveyed, the former to the St. Helens Hospital, the latter to the Clock Face Inn. Doctors were soon in attendance at the pit to give first aid. I The following is a complete list of the casualties : I KILLED. James M'llenry (14 years), Coral Terrace, Collins I Green.

John Swift (24), Rainford-street, St. Helens. Thomas Rothwell (14), Fairclough-street, Burton- wood. _

Evan Davies, (age not known), Francis-street,Sutton. John Caveney, Mercer-street, Burtonwood, died an hour and a half after admission to hospital. INJURED.

Thomas Bradshaw (15), Collins Green terrace ; William Rigby (A 7 Houghton-road, Sutton; Edward Ratigan (26), Moss-nook, Sutton; Aaron Green (16), Collins Green-villas. Collins-green ; John Jervis (17), Derbyshire-hill, St. Helens ; Edward Hughes (18), Baker- street, Ashcroft-street, Parr ; Richard Murray (36), 4 Court, Moss-stmeet, Prescot ; Henry Eden (14), Derby- shire-hill, St. Helens ; Frederick Pye (15), Brunswick- street, Derbyshire-hill ; Arthur Hardy (19), Houghton-

===== 0002601_19050121_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
,a,tant ftißc m 44,41 •

firmly to the brass can. Suddenly, with a resolve born of desperation, 3fism Rose turned half round from her dressing. table.

"Sarah—" she began. "Miss Rose—" said Sarah at the same instant. " Captain Sandys—" pursued Miss Ross shakily. " John Croke—" went on Sarah simultaneous ly. "What are you to do," she added in a sort of rush, " when a man's that masterful ! And not =pleasing neither." " And not =pleasing," echoed Miss Ross with a faint but firm voice. Sarah set down the can and strode towards het mistress. "Are you going to have him, Miss Rose— yours?" she demanded. "Because I am- mine !"

Next Week: " TIIE VAMPIRE," BY G. B. Button,.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD NEWS FOR CYCLISTS.

The liability to side-slip upon greasy roads, over- watered tram-lines and similar surfaces, has long been recognised as a very serious drawback to bicycling,rnore I particularly in thickly populated districts. The evil is unfortunately a growing one, for tramways and light railways are being extended daily. The Cyclists' Tour- ing Club is about to make a serious effort to combat the difficulty, to which end it offers "a prize or prizes to the value of two hundred guineas, for the best means of preventing side-slip on bicycles as at present in general use." The conditions laid down provide:— (a) That all entries, accompanied by f all particulars and drawings, must be sent to the Cyclists' Tour- ing Club, 47, Victoria-street, London, S.W., not later than the 31st March, 1905. (b) Thatan entrance fee of one guinea, which will not be returnable, must accompany each device. (c) That the Judges shall be appointed by the Council of the Cyclists' Touring Club, and their decision shall be final. 1 That the Cyclists' Touring Club shall make no claim to any patent right or property in any of the devices submitted. Forms of entry may be obtained from the Secretary of the Club at the address above-mentioned.

• At an inquest held on Wednesday at the Whitechapel Infirmary on a woman of about 40, who died from pneumonia and heart disease accelerated by the rough life she had led, it was stated that the only name she was known by was" Maudie." She had no friends, and no one knew how she got a living.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
Family News

Fels - Naptha saves half the labour and wear of washing. Worth ten times its price. Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London E C

The Coroner, addressing the jury said : You quite understand I have only come down here to-night in order that I may take formal evidence as to the deaths of these poor fellows so as to enable the relatives to carry out their burial. It will be absolutely necessary to have an adjournment of this inquiry to some future time and place, so that the whole of the circumstances may be inquired into, and so that we may have present Mr. Hall, his Majesty's Inspector of Mines, and the various interests represented, and more especially that the engine winder may be present with, I hope, some legal representative. I won't trouble you with many details. You have, I am sure, seen sufficient in the newspapers to enable you to know what you are here to inquire about. Evidence of identification was given by John Swift, of 69, Ramford-street, Parr, St. Helens (who identified his son John) ' • Caroline Williams (Evan Davies, her cousin); Isaac Rothwell,l9, Fairclough•street, Burton- wood (his son Thomas); Patrick M'Henry, Choral- terrace, Collins Green (John M'Henry) ; and John Caveney, 83, Bercer-street, Burtonwood (his son John). Miss Oates, matron of the St. Helens Hospital, said Caveney was admitted at half-past seven in the morning, and died at nine o'clock.

The Coroner said he thought thelfull inquiry ought to be held at St. Helens Town Hall because there would be a great many people there representing various interests. The engine winder ought also to be repre- sented, at least he would be very foolish if he was not. Friday, the 27th inst., at 9.30 a.m., was thereupon agreed to, and the coroner said he would arrange for a , conveyance to take the jury into St. Helens and back. I Mr. Peace said that, on behalf of the colliery company, he would like to associate himself with the expressions of sympathy the coroner had so feelingly made, and to state how much the colliery company regretted that most lamentable accident, and how much they felt for and sympathised with the families and relatives of the poor men in their bereavement; and, on their behalf, he was able to promise that anything they could do to facilitate or elucidate the business of the inquiry would be done by the company. With regard to the p.or sufferers in the hospital, the company was anxious that anything they could do to add to their comfort should I be done.

Mr. Riley thanked the coroner and Mr. Peace for their kind expressions in regard to his clients.

WANTED A CHANCE.

George Gallagher, a convicted thief, for depredation at Liverpool and Widnes, pleaded hard before the Widnes bench on Monday, for another chance to enable him to obtain an honest living. To a charge of robbing George Stubbs of his watch and chain, value 10s., he pleaded that he had been over-indulgent during the Christmas holidays, and they must have been having a "deal in watches." Both had been drinking together at the Black Horse, Farnworth, where prisoner sold his chain and offered his watch. When outside prisoner embraced Stubbs somewhat lovingly, snatched his watch, and decaruped.—Police-constable Davidson effected his arrest and was complimented by the pri- soner on the capture. Prisoner got three months' hard labour.

Mr. Brighouse's "Coming of Age." In presiding over an inquest at Bootle on Monday, Mr. S. Brighouse (county coroner for South-West Lancashire) completed twenty-one years' service in that capacity. The occasion was taken by the jury and police to congratulate the cot oner upon the fact, and to refer to his invariable courtesy In acknowledging the compliments, Mr. Brighouse said he had endeavoured to do his duty to the relatives of the deceased and to the employers of those who met their deaths through accident. He reminded them that so long as they had carried out their duties in such a manner as to satisfy their cons- cience, he thought they could stand criticism from the outside world. Referring to the recent discussion anent the abolition of juries, he said if it was not for the invaluable evperience and knowledge possessed by many of the jurymen of several commercial pursuits he would not be able to arrive at a proper conclusion at the inquiries held by him. The juries of South- West Lancashire were of great assistance to him, and he considered it would not be at all pleasant when a coroner would have to preside over a court without a jury to help him. For his own part, he had no fault to find with the verdicts returned by his juries, and he appreciated the manner in which the gentlemen I called upon by the police to serve responded to the summons. • (Applause).

===== 0002601_19050121_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU CATARRH P EVERY FOURTH PERSON YOU MEET HAS IT. AN INSIDIOUS AND DANGEROUS DISEASE. WORSE THAN 13RONCIIITIS.

I Catarrh commences frequently by running at the nose; sets up inflammation of the mucus membrane of the nose and throat, followed by a stopped up feeling in the nose and dropping of mucus in the throat. It partially stops up the air vesicles of the lungs, inflames , the bronchial surface, sets up catarrhal bronchitis or I catarrhal asthma, accompanied by a dry or loose cough, I difficulty in bieathing, with unpleasant hawking and expectorating. The mucus thus secreted works its way down the alimentary canal to the stomach, catarrh of the stomach and intestines following. rt then becomes a persistent.constitutionll disease, both dangerous and disagreeable, leaving the patient very susceptible to cold,!and every additional cold aggravates the symptoms until it affects the hearing and gradually the sense of smell and taste. VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE is the most efficient remedy for this disagreeable com- plaint. It acts directly upon the mucus surface, relieves the irritation, clears the bronchial tubes and air vesicles and relieves the stopped up feeling in the nose. It is infinitely superior to any local treatment. It acts con- stitutionally, clears catarrh thoroughly out of the system ; you feel better the first day ; you begin to breathe freely through the nose and rest comfortably at night. Ask for VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE, 93d., is. I.ld. and 2s. Od, at Chemists everywhere.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY.

SUCCESSFUL YEAR'S TRADING. ---- 300 Guineas Testimonal to the Secretary.

A successful year's trading WAi under review at the forty fifth annual meeting of the Warrington Co-opera- tive Society held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey street,on :Monday evening. Considering the bitterly cold weather there was a satisfactory attendance, Mr. T. Birchall presiding. There were also present :—Messrs. F. Monks, W. Jeffery and A. H. Rathbone (managing secretary.)

===== 0002601_19050121_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS.

The CIIMEMAN said that was, he believed, his 39th opportunity of presiding at annual meetings of the Society—(applause)—and he was once more in the position of being able to congratulate the Society most heartily on a very successful year and a record quarter. The sales during last quarter amounted to considerably over £3,000 above the previous period.ll they called to mind that the times were bad and work had been short, many people having nothing to do, this was a really wonderful result, and it showed that even ' bad times were a stimulant to thinking workingmen to see how best they could make their means go as far as possible. During the past quarter they had paid £l3O more in dividend than in the previous quarter making a total of £6,318 195.4 d, He could say that in all the 39 times he had presided at those meet- ings there had never been one of them in which the out- look had been so satisfactory as the present one. From the reports to hand,

THE PROGRESS OF CO-OPERATION had been very good, but it was not what it ought to be. When they thought what a society like.that offered to workingmen, he was astonished that they did not take advantage of it. Let them look at the Stock Exchanges at 6businesses paying 10 per cent. ; they were charged double:the premium for the privilege of entering them. For more than 25 years, the Society had been paying 15 per cent., not on money invested but on the spendings—on theamount they had got their equivalent for—besides 10d.in the £ for money invested. That Society was the most democratic institution he. , had ever known. Firms doing good business asked enormous amounts for their shares, while in the Co-operative Society each individual in the community was only asked the same terms as when the Society was struggling for existence, more than 40 years ago. He was glad to tell the members that they were going on successfully. Their Winwick-street branch new shops were just completed, and they were now fitting them. Every branch was doing satisfactory business, and they had not one failure. (Hear, hear.) i They were hoping to take steps to branch out n new directions by and by. The whole Society was working most harmoniously. They had an excellent committee, and at the last annual meeting they put on men in the early prime of life—business men who were trying to work harmoniously with two or three older ones who kept the ballast. (Laughter and hear, hear.) He did not think there was any danger of their going wrong.

PROPOSED NEW CENTRAL PRENIfSES. A CAFE SUGGESTED.

It was reported by the SECRETARY that there were 150 additional members as compared with the previous quarter. The PRESIDENT said it had been thought desirable to rebuild the present central buildings and put a handsome suite of rooms for grocery below. Of course that was only yet under consideration. There was not nearly room enough for the business at the present time and therefore it was very desirable to extend. Mr. NIGHTINGALE wished they could get the work- ingmen to be more interested in the Co-operative Stores. The Society ought to bring itself much more promin- ently before the public. He would like a large tea meeting and a meeting afterwards at which there would be some prominent speakers. Mr. ENGLAND remarked that he was cycling to Southl port a short time ago, and when going through St. Helens he had refreshment at the Co-operative Stores in that town. He thought that they in Warrington should establish a co-operative cafri like St. Helens. He of course did not suggest such an elaborate one as St. Helens, but he thought that a reasonable scheme could be formed.

The PRESIDENT : We have not room for our business requirements alone. nany people who come into our shop cannot wait. We want more room to do our busi- nels and to employ more men. One of our branches has actually done more business than the Central. A RECORD QUARTER.

The committee presented the following report :—We have pleasure in submitting for your approval and adoption the 170th quarterly report and balance sheet for the quarter ending December 31st 1901. The sales for the quarter amount to £37,229 ss. 11d., and are the highest ever recorded, showing an increase of £3,382 Os. 103. over last quarter and £1,012 11s. 73. over the corresponding quarter of last year, each branch contri- buting to the increase. The profits, after providing for interest on capital, depreciation, and all liabilities, will allow the usual dividend of 3s. in the £on members' purchases, with .C 165 139. 3d to be carried forward. We note with pleasure the con- tinued increase in the sales at Winwick-street branch, and hoped to be ready in a short time to separate the provision department from the grocery ; this will give considerably more room and enable us to do an extended business in each department. We are pleased to inform the members that a lady assistant has been appointed to take charge of the mantle and ladies' underclothing department at the Sankey-street drapery establishment. We have secured a choice selection of goods, and ask for an inspection, knowing that they are of a quality and style suited to all tastes. Mr. W. JEFFERY moved and i%fr. JOHNSON seconded the adoption of the report, which was unanimodsly agreed to.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESIDENT R E-E LECTE D.

NIr.W. JEFFERY, who took the chair pro tent, asked for nominations for the position of president. He did not think that it was advisable to have a change. There were a number of changes in view, and it was undesir- able to swop horses while crossing the stream. Mr. S. DUNBOBBIN proposed he re-election of Mr. Birchall. He remarked that he had sat on the com- mittee under Mr. Birchall's presidency for over 30 years, and he could speak of the ability with which he performed his duties. Mr. B. FARRAR seconded and spoke of Mr.Birchall's long service. They would always look back with pleasure on the years which Mr. Birchall had devoted to the Society. The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. BIRCHALL, in reply, said it was with great hesitancy that he accepted the nomination that night. During the last few months he had given up all his public work except that. If he had not felt that with better weather coming, he might b 3 better in health, he would not have accepted the office. He, however, thanked them for the honour they had done him.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
AUDITOR.

On the motion of tr. G. WiLLINGTON, seconded by Mr. ROACHE, Mr. J. Green Chappell was re-appointed auditor.

COMMITTEE.

Messrs. W. Jeffery, S. Danbobbin and H. Maybury, the three retiring members of the committee, were re- elected on the motion of Mr. G. WALlANGTos,seconded by Mr. SIMMONETTE. 300 GUINEAS TESTIMONIAL TO THE SECRETARY.

The PRESIDENT said that at the last quarterly meet- ing, the committee were instructed to take into con- sideration the past services of the secretary. He had thought of the history of the past 40 years which carried I him back to the time when they were struggling through the infancy of the Society. They had appointed shop- man after shopman, but somehow, things did not go along satisfactorily. At length, at one committee meeting, they were considering what to do, when one gen'leman—Mr. Monks—said "Now Hornby Rath- bone, will you take it on?" Mr. Rathbone was a me cutter getting good wages then. After a little hesitation he agreed to take the position of manager at the magnificent sum of 265. a week—less than he was earning at the time. They struggled on, and at that time the Committee men also took their part in serving in the shop on Fridays and Saturdays. They knew howlthe Society increased, and they also knew the more recent history of the Society. He ask,,d them to take that into consideration and to do something handsome, because they did not want to do an ihing shabby. The Committee had passed the followium resolution on October 26th, 1904:—" Proposed in accordance with the resolution passed at the quarterly meeting on October 17th, that the Board of Manage- ment take into consideration the best means of giving expression of our appreciation of 40 years faithful services rendered to this Society by our esteemed manager, Mr. A. H. Rathbone, it is hereby resolved that we recommend to the annual meeting to be held on January 16th, that we present Mr. Rathbone a cheque for 250 guineas and an enlarged first-class photograph of him to be placed in the Board room, the above presentation to be made at a public meeting, the time and place of which to be subsequently arranged. (Applause.)" Continuing, Mr. Birchall said that Mr. Rathbone had been in the service of the Society from the prime of manhood until now, when he was 71 years of age. Mr. GEORGE WALLINGTON said he was delighted to see that the committee had recommended such a hand- some sum. Of course he was precluded from saying more.

Mr. J. JEFFERY moved and Mr. Mow seconded the 'adoption of the minutes. After a discussion, it was decided that the sum be increased to three hundred guineas. Mr. W. JEFFERY remarked that this would only amount to 10d. a member.

Mr. Rathbone, who during this discussion had been out of the room, was then called in,and the PRESIDENT,

addressing him, said he wa.s delighted to inform hito that the meeting had decided to present him with 300 guineas and an enlarged photograph. Of course, ho could give the photograph back to the Society if he liked, so that it could be hung in the Board room. :IMr. IZATFIRONE said he had not words to express to tho meeting what he thought and under the circumstances he could not say much. It certainly did look like a dream to him to look back at 44 years in their service. He could scarcely think that the time had passed over. I He hied always devoted his whole energy to the business and he owed much to Mr. Monks for his support and advice. When he became manager, the sales amounted to £4.1 a week, and now they were something over £3,000 a week. He thanked them warmly for their handsome gift. (Applause.) Mr. F. MONKS said if he had been instrumental in finding them snch a servant, as he believed he had, he hoped they might always have a succession of them. They were all most enthusiastic in those de_ys. He had carried many a sack of flour on his back. In fact, he believed that he carried the first sack of flour into the shop one Saturday morning. It was one of their ideals to establish not only a distributing shop, but ho had an idea of a manufacturing concern also.(Applause) It was a bad job, but it was the jealousy of the wire. drawers which prevented its success. He could see that it was no use beating against a windmill because the windmill would beat them, and so he started on his own account. It was quite true that from time to tune he had watched over the interests of the Society and when Mr. Rathbone wanted advice, he had always been quite welcome to it. He might say however, that Mr. Rathbone had required very little as there was no one who could have shown greater capacity and ability in the management of tha business When he said he had saved at least £30,000 by his good judgment he was quite certain he was well within the mark. In conclusion Mr. Monks asked all the members of the Society to put all their jealousies aside and elect men capable of doing the work for them. (Applause.) The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to thO hairman, on the motion of Mr. Monks.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
NO COMPANY WOULD INSURE HER! Indigestion and Debility had Brought Her so near Death.

BILE BEANS HAVE CURED HER!

"1 year ago no Insurance Company would grant me a policy, I was so near death ; yet you see how well and strong Bile Beans have now made me !" So said Mrs. E. Scott, of Atmy Terrace, Newport (Salop), when interviewed by a "Newport Advertiser" reporter. Her experience proves unmistakably the power of Bile Beans in cases where indigestion has wrecked the system, and debility has crept in with almost fatal effect. Continuing her story, she said "Just before Ibe take Bile Beans I was se reduced by digestive troubles that I both looked and felt like a woman whose days were numbered. "My illness began with feelings of fulness after meals, followed by belching. Then I began to have pain after food, and got so bad that eating caused actual agony. I went to a doctor, but could not keep on with him, as I could not afford the expense of a long run of doctor's bills. Finding myself getting worse, I next tried a number of medicines recommended by friends, but none did me any good. "The indigestion and flatulence were succeeded by fluttering feelings round the heart, which rendered me feeble by day, and prevented me from sleeping at night. I was often obliged to get out of bed in the night time and walk slowly about the room till the fluttering sub-. sided.

"I was at my worst in this respect, and so pained at the heart sometimes that I was obliged to cease my work, when a married sister told me that Bile Beans had done her husband so much good they wouldn't bo without them in the house. She rsuaded me to try them."

"I did so, and in a very little time I found they were doing me a lot of good. I persevered with them, and one by one the fluttering sensations at the heart, the wind, the pain after food, and all the other symptoms of indigestion were driven from my system, and I was cured. Tam now well and strong, and an utter stranget to 'wind' and indigestion." Bile Beans tone up the whole digestive system, and stimulate it to normal action. That is how they cure such serious cases of digestive disorder as the above. They also cure liver troubles, flatulence, female ailments, constipation, piles, anmmia, rheumatism, unpleasant sensations of fulness after eating, etc. Obtainable from all chemists at is. Id., or 2s. 94. per box. The 2s. 9d. box contains 3 times Is. lid. size, so is far more economical.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

BAND OF HOPE.—A large audience assembled to witness an excellent entertainment in connection with the Hill Cliffe and Stockton Heath United Band of Hope, held last week in the Providence Schoolroom. The Rev. J. m. Hughes presided over a large audience. The programme was provided by the members of Bold. street and the Stockton Heath Bands of Hope. The action song," Cloud and sunshine," by twelve girls, was well given ; and violin solos were rendered by Master Crompton and Mabel Tonge. The Warrington Banda Hope Juvenile Choir, under the conductorship of Mr. A. Spruce. submitted a capital rendering ef the test piece sung at the recent Eisteddfod, " Don't forget tho old folks "the blending of the children's voices and the beautiful words of the piece making it most effective, Miss May Isherwood received a well merited encore for her singing of " Killarney," whilst Miss F. Bennett was equally successful in "Three green bonnets." Master Richardson contributed "The auction," and Master Stanley Jones caused much amusement, with the character song, "Lub me, Dinah," which called forth an encore. Miss May Mather, aged four years, gave two recitations in capital style. A novel item in the pro. gramme wile a "Skipping song," which was contributed by Miss Nellie Berry whose abilities as a skipper called forth an entleasiastic encore. One of the principaf events of the evening was the rendering of the cantata "Rival Monarchs: King Alcohol v. Queen Temperance" which was very well given, the principal characters being taken by the Misses Wilson, Kershaw, Parry, Evans. Isherwood, Martin and Wood, and Mess. Whitfield, Unsworth, G. Moss, P. Moss, and Masters Walker, Parry, Kershaw and Doncaster, all of whom acquitted themselves very creditably. A vote of thanks was passed to all who had taken part in the meeting, on the motion of the Rev. J. S. Hughes, seconded by Mr. J. Pearse. Mrs. J. S. Hughes, Miss Holt and Min Jones discharged the duties of accompanists.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TERRORS OF]WINTER ECZEMA. Zam-Buk a Real Boon.

CURES WHERE DOCTORS AND HOSPITAL FAIL.

" Sores From Head to Foot."

72;ic

IWOlNffleito

Eczema is more prevalent in winter than at any other season. In the severest cases Zam-Buk has been found to afford a complete and lasting cure. "I had my first attack eig'.t years ago," says hfr. George Thompson, of Worlseley Bridge, near Stafford, 'when an eruption broke out on my hands and arms, 'which swelled and discharged a great deal. When my doctor had done all he could for me I was still very bad and became an in-patient at the Birmingham Queen's Hospital. During the first week in the hospital the eruptions discharged a great deal, and I had to lie on my back with my arms upon a rack for some time. The doctors told me I was suffering from gouty eczema (a complaint very prevalent in the damp and cold season). I improved under the treatment, but when I came out of the hospital the doctor told me the disease might break out again any time, and it did come upon me again in a mos;, horrible way. I was soon ona mass of sores front head to foot, my eyes were all made up, and my hair came off my head. " My wife asked the doctor whether he thought should ever get better, and he said : No, it would kill me; and when it went I should go.' He said he never saw anyone in such a condition. The form the disease came in was in large lumps,a kind of swelling and discoloration ; and then it discharged a lot of nasty, sticky fluid. My wife used to wash me and dress 1110 night and morning, and sponge me all over. I need not describe the agonies I went through. The diseaso brought me down very low and weak. I had all kinds of remedies, such as carbolic oil and olive oil, mixed ; I was bathed with special soap ; in fact, I tried a lot of ointments and medicine, which, however, only seemed to drive the disease in instead of killing it. 1 suffered constantly for twelve months, whets instead of having these disagreeable eruptions and diS• charges, my skin came off in scales from head to foot like the scales of .fish. In fact, my skin peeled off two or three times, and ever afterwards I had a return of this scaling every year, especially in the winter months. While I was suffering very badly I read what Zam-Buk had done for others. I thought I would give it a trial, so sent for a sample box. I then got a full supply, and noticed how the applications began to put the skin into a much healthier condition. The peeling or scaling by de-, grees got less,the sores were gradually healed up,and now, after persevering with Zam-Buk, I am entirely free from this distressing disease which tortured me so long. Nor have I had any return of it since. My cure is all the more wonderful, seeing that I am nearly 80, and I am convinced that Zara-Bilk has no equal as a skin -cure." Zam-Iluk drives disease out and is invaluable for gouty eczema, running sores, ulcers, cold-sores, chapped hands chilblains, diseased ankles, had legs, piles, scalp irrita. tion, sore heads re,ulting in the hair falling out, raw chins, sore throat and chest, chafing, cramp, stiff joints sprains, cuts, bruises, burns, scalds, poisoned wounds, festering sores, nerve pains, rheumatism, and colds. Price is. lid. per box, or 2s. 9d. for large size (2s. 9(1. box contains nearly four times the Is. I Id.), of all chemists or direct for same price from the Zam-Billi Co., 4, Red Cross-street, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
PRACTICAL CHRISTIANITY.

Wesleyan Mission Work among the Poorer Classes.

LECTURE AT BOLD-STREET.

Among the poorer classes of the country the home missionary organization of the Wesley in Methodist Church is doing a splendid work. "Practical Christianity" best sums up its aim, for the workers have had the satisfaction of rendering help which has been sorely needed and of earning the gratitude of those who have come under their influence. With the object of enlisting increased support from Warrington Wesleyans on behalf of this excellent agency, the annual home missionary meeting in cbnnection with Bold-street Church on Tuesday evening was made the occasion of an Illustrated lecture by the Rev. Samuel Wilkes, of. Wiltshire Mission. There was a good attendance, Mr W. Silcock presiding. In presenting the annual report tie Rev. G. H. CARNSON said the income to home missions from the various circuits of the kingdom during the year 19)03-4 showed an increase of £227 3s. 4d. The ordinary income from collections, subscriptions, &c., was £2G,888 12s. 4d., being £274 14s 7d. less than the previous year. Other items of income showed an increase of £5Ol _ _

s. lid. The total receipts for the year were £37,740 3s. 7d. and the expenditure £37,950 3s. 9d., leaving a deficiency of £2lO Os. lid. This sum, added to the adverse balance due at the beginning of the year, made a total debt due to the treasurer of £383 14s. Towards the income the Warrington circuit contributed £4B 4s. 11d. The Sun- day collections at Bold-street realised £4 7s. 6d. ; the the public meeting £1 3s. Bd.; and the Juvenile Associa- tion, £6 16s. 6d. The grants made to the Liverpool district amounted to £lOO. .The CHAIRMAN said that whatever might be the difference of opinion with regard to foreign missions, there surely could be no difference as to the importance and value of home missions. The story of the work which was being done in great centres ought to fire them With enthusiasm. The Rev. S. WILKES proceeded with his lecture, pointing out that the work to which he would call their attention was the practical outcome of Christianity. The man of the world wanted to know that Christanity was good for this world,and the Christian socialism at work within their own church was setting a magnificent object lesson before the man in the street as to what the love of Christ constrained them to do. The work of the deaconesses was first illustrated, and the speaker pointed out that eighty-four of these enthusiastic lady helpers were engaged in home towns, while there were eleven in foreign lands. The magnificent Leysian Mission which is such a centre of activity and good in- fluences in London was interestingly described, and the lecturer went on to allude to the work of the Bermondsey settlement in the poorest parts of the city. The settlement idea, he said, was a very effective means of solving the problem of "How to bring the classes together,"for the rich and the poor,the educated and the illiterate were brought into contact. At Ber- mondsey splendid work of a religious, recreative, and educational character was carried on, and sunshine was I brought into the lives of those who were handicapped by unhealthy and gloomy surroundings. The outcome of this social work was that hundreds had been con- verted to God and were on the muster roll of His ' Church. The concluding part of the lecture was devoted to a plea on behalf of the workingmen. Most of his ministry, said Mr. Wilkes,had been spent among them and he had therefore some knowledge of them, of their surroundings, and the way in which they were handi- capped in life. He had also some knowledge of their aspirations and of the way in which they could be uplifted. The importance of the subject could not be over-estimated. Let them never believe that the 'Workingman was unapproachable. One of the best ways of getting at the workingman was to provide a counter attraction to the places to which he was accustomed to go. Why should not the Christian Church provide him with a club, and wholesome entertainment? Saturday night, Said the lecturer, was the "Devil's night" in all great towns but the Christian Church had not sufficiently realized that and had not laid itself out to outwit the devil on Saturday night. Mr. Wilkes gave a number of instances of the way in which he had been able to touch the hearts of the roughest men and bring them to Christianity by work:zg on the lines he had suggested. Miring the evening Miss Taylor very effectively sang "I will sing of Thy mercy" and Mr. Clayton gave "Gates of the West" in creditable style. Mr. Frank Hickman ccompanied. On the motion of Mr. BARLOW, seconded by Mr. R. IL SUTTON, a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the speakers and vocalists. -

The services on Sunday were also on behalf of home missions, the preachers being the 113 v. Joseph Manning and the Rev. J. S. Hughes. ST. HELENS.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
MORE PASSIVE RESISTERS AT ST. HELENS.

At St. Helens Police Court on Monday, Joseph White- house, William Barker, and Arthur Foster, three well- known Nonconformists, appeared as passive-resisters. A long statement was made to the bench, and the chairman (Mr. T. Glover) said that however much the magistrates might be in sympathy wtth their ideas, they were only there to carry out the law, and that was all they could do. They were bound to make the order to pay. THRASHED HIS WITE WITH I WHIP.

, John Aspinall, a horse dealer, of 126, Donriding lane. St.llelens was summoned on Monday morning for persis- taut cruelty to his wife but did not appear. It was stated that the parties had been married twelve years,and during that time defendant had continually used violence to his wife without provocation. A few weeks ago he wanted to bring his mother to the house,but complainant who was an outdoor hawker, did not think she could look after the old lady, and so refused to allow her to come to the house. In consequence of this defendant went to his wife in the wa.shhouse and thrashed her with a horsewhip until (as complainant stated) he was thoroughly "fagged out." The same day he threatened her with a knife, and had it not been for a thick shawl round her neck the knife would have cut her throat. On various occassions he had given her black eyes, and on a later occasion had thrown a sugar basin at her. The bench granted a separation order. with 15s. a week, defendant also to pay £2 12s. costs.

GASTRIC CATARRH AND INDIGESTION The root of all physical weakness is indigestion and exhausted nerve cells; when the stomach gives out innumerable troubles follow. A healthy stomach is our best investment.

Mrs. J. W. BEACHER, 24, Frederick-road, Gorleston- on-Sea, was suffering from loss of flesh, chronic indiges- tion, and nervous weakness, with severe hqadaches. Nothing appeared to do her good until she took VENO'S SEA WOOD TONIC; this famous remedy accomplished a complete cure. VENO'S SEAWEBD TONIC possesses marvellous strengthening and healing properties. The most suc- cessful reraiedy for stomach, liver, kidney and blood diseases; especially successful in female weakness and constipation. For purity, medicinal activity and all- round potency it has not its equal anywhere. Cures permanently. No return. Price 15..14c1. ana 2s. 9d. at Chemists everywhere.

Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. Another of these pleasant meetings was held on Sun- day, when there was a good attendance. Three new mernbe•s were received, and the total is now 578. Mr. H. W. Greenleaves presided, and referred to the great 'Revival in Wales, and hoped it would soon reach the town of Warrington. Mr. G. F. Worthen, of Manches- ter, was the speaker. His address on " Content and Discontent " was very interesting. Birds and animals, he said, carried out their natural instincts with apparent contentment, but when we came to the higher life of man, then the spirit of discontent was plainly visible. Man was not merely a machine, but a being, guided, impelled by ahigher Poser. There was a moral discon- tent, which was created by pride and selfishness ; on the other hand discontent was often the beginning of pro- gress and advancement. The difficulties of life were often helped by a contented spirit •, sometimes discon- tent caused idleness and stupidity, but we must all try to get the true contented spirit, possessed by Paul, and be discontented with all things that were slow for God and humanity. Hence discontent in the true spirit was commendable, because it would help us wonderfully through all trials and troubles. A letter of sympathy was sent to Mr. Francis Brown, who is one of the oldest members of the society; and a letter of condolence was also sent to Mrs. Kirkland, who recently lost her husband. Mr. William Rutter very pleasingly rendered a cornet solo," The Star of Bethlehem." Mr. W. H. Payton presided at the organ. Mt. J. Garner and the President (the Rev. J. Yonge) also took part in the meeting.

"FAILURES IN ENGLAND AND WALES.—According to Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of Commercial failures in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, January 13th, was 158, viz.:—New bankruptcy proceedings published in the London Gazette, 812 ; deeds of arrangement registered, 76. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were: bankruptcies, 76 ; deeds of arrangement, 80—total 156 ; being an increase of 2. The total num- ber of commercial failures recorded during the 2 weeks of the present year is 323 ; the total number recorded , in the corresponding 2 weeks of last year was 290 I showing an increase of 33.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
2s•/3d• ; ottle Free

When Medicine

Medicine must fail in a germ trouble, because medicine cannot kill inside germs. Liquozone alone can destroy the cause of any germ disease. The results are almost ineyitable. Direases which have resisted medicine for years yield at once to Liquozone ; and it cures diseases which medicine never cures.

Let the product itself convince you. Write us if you are ill, and we will dend you an order On your chemists for a 2s. 3d. bottle free. We will do this gladly, so that Liquozone itself may prove what it can do. Then tell your sick friends what it does. There are millons who need it. For the sake of humanity, help us let them know about it.

- - We Paid £20.,000 For the British rights to Liquozone. We did this after the product had been tested for five years, through physicians and hospitals—in thousands of the most difficult cases obtainable. We proved it in every stage of every germ disease. Liquozone has, for more than 20 yenrs, been the constant subject of scientific and chemical re- search. Its virtures are derived solely from gas—largely oxygen gas—by a process requir- ing immense apparatus and 14 days' time. Each cubic inch of it requires the use of 1,253 cubic inches of the gas. The result is a liquid which does much of what oxygen does. It 18 food for the nerves and the blood—the most helpful thing in tee world for you.lt effects are exhilarating vitalising, purifying. Yet it is a germicide so

===== 0002601_19050121_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
Fails, Try Liquozone—We'll Pay for it.

certain that we publish on every bottle an offer of £250 folb a disease germ that it cannot kill. The reason is that germs are vegetables ; and Liquozone—the very life of an animal—is deadly to vegetal matter. There lies the great value of Liquozone. It is the only way known to kill germs in the body without killing the tissues, too. Any drug that kills germs is a poison, and it onnot be taken internally. That is why Medicine is helpless in a germ disease.

All diseases that begin with fever—all inflammation—all catarrh—all contagious diseases—all the results of impure or poisoned blood.

In .nervous debility Liquazone acts as a vitaliser, accom- plishing what no drugs can do.

A 21/3° Bottle Free.

If you need Liquozone, and have never tried it, please send us this coupon. We will then post you 'an order on a local chemist for a 2s. 3d. bottle, which he will give you, on our account, to ' try. This is our free gift, made to convince you; to show you what Liquo7one is and what it can do. In justice to yourself, please accept it to-day, for it places you under no obligation whatever. Liquozone costs Is. 1,!d., 2s. 3d. and 4s. Gd,

===== 0002601_19050121_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
Germ Diseases.

These are the known germ diseases. All that medicine can do for these troubles is to help Nature overcome the germs, and such results are in3irect and uncertain. Liquozone attacks the germs, wherever they are. And when the germs which cause a disease are destroyed, the disease must end, and for ever. That is inevitable. Asthma flay Fe ver —lnfluen.a Abscess---A nzin ia Kidney Diseases Bronchitis La Grippe Blood Poisou Leucorrhcea B z ight's Disease Liver Troubles Bowel Troubles Malaria—Neuralgia Coughs—Colds Many Heart Troubles Consumption , Piles—Pneumonia Colic—Croup Pleurisy—Quinsy Constipation Rheumatism Catarrh—Cancer Scrofula—Syphilis Dysentery—Diarrlicen Skin Diseases Dandruff—Dropsy Stomach Troubles

Dyspepsia Throat Troubles E czema—Ery gipelas Tuberculosis Fevers—Gall Stones Tumors—Ulcers Gonorrhoea— Gleet Varicocele Goitre—Gout Women's Diseases

- - • 7--

===== 0002601_19050121_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

DRESS-FASHION-11031R The King's help to Social Workers.—The King's sincere and generous interest in all forms of philan- thropy has been once more made manifest by his \Valerie JOURNALISTS. Majesty's patronage of the two great agencies of social reclamation. It was only recently that the King received The roll of me mbers of the. Society of Women General Booth, and gave a donation to the Salvation Journalists shews a steady increase, and it has been Army, and his Majesty has given a similar kindly en- couragement to the Church Army. The King and Queen felt necessary to move from the offices in Granville House, Arundel-street, to No. 1, Clifford's Inn, have both long been subscribers to this organization, Fleet-street. The new off I'S comprise a suite of but in receiving Mr. Celine, the head of the Church Army, the other day, his Majesty evidently desired to three rooms,one large- enough to accommodate from . give a special impulse to its sociel work. The Church forty to fifty members. 'lbis will be most con- Army is strictly a Church moveent, both in its venient for the lectures and teas, wind' have been m religious and its social aims, but like the Salvation very successful in the past. Army, it knows nothing of Sc !,tarian distinctions in its work of rescuing and helpieg the unfortunate and ' THE JANUARY SALES. destitute. ' The ladies' papers say that the January sales have been a groat success. It may be so, says a writer London's Coming Revival Mission.—Dr. Torrey and Mr. Alexander, the American evangelists, have already in the Exam'''. r, but the success has not come acquired a great reputation in \Vales and in the North and will commence their two months mission in London under my observation. I have seen no queues at on the 4th February at the Albert Hall. This building shop doors this season, nor have any members of seats 8,000 people, and the services promise to eclipse my sex mauled each other over remnants to my any held by Moody end Sankey a quarter of a century knowledge, and I walked soberly through several ago. It is doubtful if Dr. Torrey is so great an orator showrooms on the second sale day. Well-known as was Mr. Moody, butlhe has a very effective way in houses are reducine. their stock 10 to 20 per cent., addressing great meetings, and Mr. Alexander has been which is more 'legitimate business than the described as "the greatest leader of gospel singing who "amazing sacrifices" that are sometimes advertised. has ever lived." As in most evangelistic missions, a A SI k P It EVENING DRESS. great feature of the campaign will be the singing, and a choir some 3,000 strong is being recruited and trained! A very pretty inaterial from which simple even- for the Albert Hall services. The popular revival hymn ing or semi-evening dresses can be made is a crêpe- called the "Glory Song" has caught on like wildfire, de-chine in a mixture of silk and wool. Perhaps a wherever mission meetings have beer!held,and it will be interesting to see what effect it will achieve in London. better name for it would be ripe-de-laine. It has a It has bean said that the people of London cariot sing glossy, silky appearance, is soft enough to drape and there is certainly not in the metropolis the same , well, and yet is capable of much harder wear than enthusiasm for vocal music as is the case in Wales, and ' the real crêpe-de-chine. The dress shewn in our the North of England. This however is not likely to sketch is made of this material, and has a low greatly interfere with the success of the Torrey- Alexander mission, which will rank as the largest organized effort of an evangelistic character that has ever been made in the metropolis. Society Revivalists.—Amongst the many ladies of title who are giving their personal services on behalf of the Torrey-Alexander Mission, is Lady Wiruborne, who has long been identified with the Evangelical party in the Chusch cf England. She founded Some time ago the Lad'es League, to combat the forces of ritualism in the Church, and it is therefore not surprising to find Lady Wimborne in the van of a Puritanic religious revival. This, however, is intended to appeal to all creeds and classes, and the Bishop of London he's expressed his approval of the Mission's programme. One of the features of its organization is the formation ' of a committee of 150 ladies, who will make house to house calls in the fashionable districts of London, with an invitation to the Albert Hall meetings. A great many of the members are women of title, who are enter- ing into the work with whole-hearted zeal. The Moody and Sarkey revival of 1874-75 was popular rather than fashionable, but it would seem probable that the Torrey Alexander mission will achieve both these distinctions I 'I he Spencer Churchills.—Lady Wimborne is the eldest of a distinguished group of daughters of the seventh Duke of Marlborough, and it is a singular rule in the laws of precedence, that enables her sister Lady Sarah Wilson to rank before her, especially as Lady Wimborne married a peer whilst Lady Sarah married a commoner. In marrying a peer however, Lady Cornelia Spencer Churchill, took her husband's rank as wife of Baron Wimborne, but Lady Sarah in marrying a commoner, retains her own rank as a daughter of a duke, which is higher than that of a baroness. Both ladies are sisters of the late Lord Randolph Churchill, and by consequence, aunts to Mr. Winston Churchill. A Remarkable Woman.—The fiction of a modern romance finds its counterpart in the life of Louise Michel, the fiery Anarchist, and tender sympathiser with suffering. No doubt she was the creature of environment, and, like many others was impelled to war against Society by the circumstances of her birth. She knew that it was not her fault, that a stigma was cast upon her, and, rebelling against the injustice, was guilty in the Commune of Acts, which, but for her sox, would probably have caused her to be shot, when order was restored. In other respects her character was beyond reproach and in ministering to the wounded she I was an angel of mercy. A character dominated by such contradictory influences. ern only be explained by some degree of insanity, the exact extent of which it would be difficult to assess. But then it is said that we are all mad, more or less. I Ribbons at the Sales.—Those women who have secured lengths of ribbons at the sales,—and in this department the bargains" have been exceptionally good—will have[little difficulty in finding uses for them. A novelty is the ribbon feather, which is first fashioned' of wire, narrow ribbon being then rucked all over it. The effect , is that of the closely set breast feathers of a bird. These ribbon feathers are finding a place in much of the useful walking and travelling headgeas, and the home worker will find it a delightful and inexpensive idea,for brighteninr, up a hat or toque that begins to look middle aged. Then there are the belts and neckwe sr, for which ribbons of every width and kind may be utilised, dainty blouses, vests, and fronts, which look especially well,built of alternate lengths of iibbons,and net or lace. Another use to which ribbons may be put is the tiny formal bows, so much in favour for trim- ming the gathered old world gown. In the matter of ribbons,one can hardly go wrong at any of ;the Season's sales and the same may be said of goon lace. Up-to-date Veils.—Veilings are much worn at the moment, and until March hss come and gone, with its cutting ' complexion-destroying "winds, they promise to remain in favour. But the veil though it may save the majority of us something in the way of creams and lotions is an expersive luxury. To commence with, it must in every instance match the hat or toque with which it is worn, and needless to say the tinted varieties are far more costly than the black and white specimens we have had with us so long. Some of the colourings in veils are not happy, nor are they We. For example the bright purple and bright green varieties may be" smart" when worn with headgear of the same shade, but they make the wearers look hideous, and i there s danger that the colouring may injure the skin. A rash on the face, nose included, brought about by the dangeous dye has been experienced by several of the devotees of fashion, and like highly coloured hosiery, and gloves, highly coloured veils should be avoided. A soft clear white veiling is the best possible We LT, and this should be gathered round the hat add also under the chin.

cross-over bodice, starting from the setting-in or the sleeves. The pointed yoke thus formed may be of cream lace, and need only be lined halfway up if a transparency is preferred for evening wear. The bodice, and each of the three frills that form the sleeves, are inset with narrow cream lace insertion to match the yoke. The full skirt is made with a knee-deep flounce, headed and finished with three tiny frills of the material. If cream is chosen as the most suitable shade for the dress, a touch of colour may be introduced in the waist-belt, in the ribbon that is threaded round the neck, and in the flowers worn in the hair.

Gossip.

White combs, both inlaid and mounted, are very much in favour just now, as well as light amber. Tortoiseshell, however, is as usual leading favourite, and se far yields place to none.

A great many of the smartest evening gowns worn at the hunt balls this season are trimmed with narrow bands of vable, mink, or ermine. In com- bination with soft satin or velvet they are most effective.

The Hon. Mary Scott, a daughter of Lord Polwarth, is leaving home ,as a worker in the mission field at the station of lialimpong, on the borders of Thibet. In recognition of her services to the district zenana work of St. Boswell's, of which she has been secretary for two years, Miss Scott was presented with a portable organ and a pearl brooch and necklet.

A SILK BLOUSE.

The winter sales afford an excellent opportunity for purchasing remnants of silk, cannel, or lelaine which can be made up into attractive blouses. The design shewn in the sketch was carried out in Tussore silk. The blouse was made to fasten at the back, and was arranged with straps of the material down the front and back, the straps being kept in place by French knots worked in a thick orange silk. The circular yoke was made separately, and

_ The Coiffure.—There is no excuse for wearing the hair dowdily in these days, when there are so resny pretty st3,les of the coiffure in vogue. At the moment the waved rolled back pompadour, with a stray curl or two falling on the forehead is fashionable, but there seems to be a decided tendency to return to the fringe which became so much vulgarised in former days. The hair is less puffed out above the ears than it was, and in many coiffures is now taken up comparatively tightly, and arranged in two puffs across the head, one of which falls over the brow and closely resembles the old- fashioned curled fringe. The wearing of many jewelled or ornamental combs and pins in the hair has be,n over- ' done, and is no longer in favour with the cultured classes. Glittering butterflies with spangled or iridescent beetle's wipgs, are left for those who study effect rathe- than refinement, and this welcome change has been hastened by the fact that the overloading of the hair with orna- ments tends to make the wearer look older. MADGE.

The president of the German Cat Club vouchei for the existence in a German xillage of a n net; m-yeir- old cat, which has had 150 kittens.

lightly stitched to the blouse. It was made with two large tucks, and trimmed with a fancy silk trimming in shades of orange. The sleeves were gathered into a long tight cuff, the straps corre- sponding with those on the blouse, reaching quite to the edge of the cuff. This style of blouse would look well made in reseda-green velvet, with trim- mings and knots of a paler shade.

CONCERNING HAI 8.

Already there are rumours abroad concerning the straw hats to be worn during the coining spring, says the Tatter. The straight, fiat brim will be in a great measure superseded by one of undulating form. Crowns will be of medium height, and decidedly smaller at the top than at the base. As regards the newest form of sailor hat, it has a large but not a particularly high crown, the brim being slightly turned up all round; and it is also under- stood that while the toque will remain fashionable it will be oval rather than round. The hats worn in the Rue de la Pah( are certainly smaller than those seen in Bond-street, says M.A.P. ; they are turned sharply up at one side, and poised at an acute angle on the side of the head. Veils have returned to favour, and are drawn closely under the chin. They often match the hat in colour, especially in Crown, dark blue, and violet. Beaver felt is much worn, in black, white, grey, and brown. Paris must be previous, and spring hats have already appeared. These are in straw and taffeta t silk, wreathed with flowers—roses, violets. and mimosa.

TO-DAY ' 9 RECIPE.

DEVILLED Wooncoca.—Three-parts roast a brace of woodcock, split the heads, and cut the birds up into neat little joints, dusting each freely with the following mixture: Sift together equal parts of fine salt, cayenne, and curry powder with double the amount of mushroom powder, and, when well blended, use. Bruise the brains and the trail with the yolk of a hard-boiled egg, a dash of pounded mace, the very finely-grated rind of half a small lemon, and half a spoonful of soy. When these are all smoothly blended, stir in a tablespoonful of mushroom ketchup, a sherry glaslful of Madeira, and the juice of two Seville oranges. Put this in the chafing-dish and boil it well up, then lay in the cut-up bird, &c., watch it all just re-boil; now turn down the lamp, cover down the pan, and keep it all just simmering until most of the gravy is absorbed. It should be stirred occasionally during the process. When you consider it is sufficiently saturated, sprinkle it with a small amount of the very best salad oil, stir it all well tither, and serve at once.

28

Any physician or hospital not yet using Liquozone will be gladly supplied fc r a test.

(ck,_,.,..„.--,, ......„ 4. 7 1 - • 1.47., , 4:,, .0(01K4' --- .5.40 • - , v\ , ,\\\ .2,., , : , \,, \ ~1 \ 1 • I „\\ . i op,' .' . r, '7l-\‘ : \ ,110161F' WA. ----'- '' o ala 1044154 --

kt..5.,.\ it '.1:.,0,:, '.h,-- V- '--14-: - - :.,, ',O - ,-', . . . ------: %v..= ~____,,, -kw- --.... ..cP - -- -4.4 -- -Si 4:::e 4--)--' - ..... _ . ~.- .fr erl e, / /i..V11 ~.., _ . -. \ ' IN : ( ' / i _ ': 4° \ -41. , . t ',-, 1.1, / - il 4. I

===== 0002601_19050121_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
r ;7.1 ri •C? r f'r fret Win The Examiner, Saturday, Sanuary 21, 1905. WOMAN'S REALM.

(ALL !SIGHTS itESERYID.3

===== 0002601_19050121_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DETERIORATION OF BRITISH HEALTH AND PHYSIQUE,

THE EARL OF MEATH.

1. Every effort should be made to counteract 1 all unnecessary increase of towns, and, when 1 possible, new factories or industries should be established in, and old ones transferred to the country. 2. Care should be taken that all towns should De furnished with a sufficient number of parks, and especially a ith a large number of small play- grounds, fitted with gymnastic apparatus, and under the charge of caretakers, and so placed that no workman's house should if possible be more than quarter of a mile from such a ground. 3. Children should be taught the rudiment: of hygiene, sanitation, and physiology, so as tc have some slight knowledge of the causes of di- sease, and the means which can be taken tc avoid it. 4. They should, by cookery classes in school: be shown how to obtain the largest amount of nourishment with he smallest expenditure on food ; what kind of foods are wholesome; and how food should be cooked so as to make it not only palatable but easily digested and conse- quently nourishing. 5. They should be tatght self-restraint in order to learn when they grow up how to rule themselves, and how to place a bridle on their appetites and passions, and on those indulgences which are harmful to health. G. The muscles and lungs of the children and their general bearing should be improved by physical exercise and drill, and it should be the duty of the educational authorities to see that, whilst attending school, the children are proper- ly fed. The authorities should be empowered also to bring the parents to account if they neg- lect their natural duties. 7. The girls should be taught by housewifery classes how to make a home clean, wholesome,

bright and attractive. and as so Many have tc; act as nurses from their earliest years, the pro- per way of feeding and tending infants. The ignorance of many married women has wrecked before now the physical welfare of their off- spring. It is not an uncommon thing to bear of a young mother amongst the poorer classes giving beer, whisky, and gin to infants, and feeding them on the same food as she takes herself, long before the proper time has arrived for weaning the children, with the result that a quite unneces- sarily large percentage of infants die before they are three years of age. If the home were made more attractive, and the food more palatable and nutritious, ths men would not be tempted to leave it so frequently for the public-house. It cannot be too widely known that there is no nourishment in stimulants, that raw spirits des- troy the digestion, and that a man who desires to retail his health will do well either to entirely abstain from stimulants, or to take them only at meals, and then with the most rigid moderation. All these thnigs should be taught, and they would be of more real value to the children than many lessons they now learn, and which are promptly forgotten as soon as they leave school. THE WORKING MAN'S TART.

ta,'

. _ •

Amongst earthly blessings there is none greater than the possession of physical health , and strength, but how few there are that give serious thought to the subject. As soon GS we , become Conscious that the wheels cf the machi- nery of life are running heavily, generally I through our own negligence, we rush to the pro- fessional repairer, or even to the advertising quack, and are willing to pay heavily for assist- ance which can only be temporary, if we neg- lect to alter the causes which have occasioned the evil. How much wiser would it be, if, indi- vidually and collectively, we would make a study of the laws which lead to health or disease, and, as far as circumstances permit, would regulate oar lives in accordance with them? As a nation we insist, and rightly insist, that All children shall be educated. We draw up codes of instruction; we appoint and pay schools masters and schoAmistresses to impart thi- knowledge ; we spend thousands of pounds in order that every child, however poor, may be given an equal chance in life ; and yet, how s.mall-a part of all this thought, trouble and ex- penditure is directed towards imparting to chil- dren knowledge, which, in after years shall en- able them to understand the laws of nature and to maintain their own and their future chil- dren's bodies in health and strength. MORE KNOWLEDGE—LESS LEARNING. What is the good of book learning if we are ignorant of the nature of our own bodies and ot tkise laws which were intended to make life ..appy, but if neglected made it a burden and a misery? What avails material prosperity, if either by our own fault, or that of our parents, we are un- able, through ill-health, either to enjoy life or to be of use to our country or our friends Let us consider what are the subjects, a know- ledge of which lead if properly applied, to an increase in physical health. Surely such as hygiene, sanitation, physiology, dietetics, cookery and housewifery. Of course 1 it would be foolish to attempt to teach children more than the mere elements of some of these subjects, but the general principles which un- derlie the preservation of health might well oc- cupy the attention of teachers and scholars for a reasonable number of hours in each year. If we look through the branches .of knowledge studied by our children at school, how seldom do we come across any subjects which may be of use to them in after years in assisting them to preserve their bodies in health, and when these subjects are taught, how thinly attended are the classes ? Why is this ? It is due in a large measure to lack of teachers qualified to instruct in these matters, to inca- pacity at headquarters to understand the real needs of the people, and in no small degree on the part of the parents to a misapprehension of the present conditions of life. Parents are apt to argue, that because they never learnt these subjects, which in plain Eng- lish only mean the study of how best to keep the body in health, it is unnecessary for then children to do so. They forget, however, that the most rapid transformation in the character of the British people is taking place before their eyes, that the England of their youth is not the England we know, and that the England of ten twenty and of thirty years- hence will be en- tirely different from the England of to-day. The fact is, that the British, from having been main- ly an agricultural, are rapidly becoming an ur- ban people' In other words, whereas formerly they lived in the country, now they live in the towns. The rapidity with which this change is taking place is hardly realised by most people. Health is not so jeopardised in the country as It is in towns, and hence men and women, who have • to lire in cities should study more care fully how to preserve their health. In 1801 the Whole population of England, Wales and Scot- land was only 10,942,000, whereas now it is 36,998,181, toad this addition is almost entirely urban. Twenty-five years ago only about, half the population lived in urban districts, now the proportion is threequarters, that is to say, that now three persons live in urban to one who lives in a rural district. It is a well known axiom of hygienic science, that the health of a population, other things being equal, is in inverse ratio to its density. In plain Eng- lish, other things being equal, a population crowded together is more unhealthy than one that is scattered. The British people are becom- ing daily more crowded together, and hence, un- less some steps are taken, and that soon, tc counteract the effects of undue concentration. the national health must inevitably suffer. SOME REMEDIES. What are the steps which can be taken ? They are many and various, but we may mention a few.

Such matters are of the utmost importance to the working classes of Great Britain. They af- fect their daily lives, and their personal health, which, in the ease of many. i••• their only capital. Wrakiag to.• 11 ••• ' • • • • ,••1.1 therefore, hestir themselves to see that these vital questions .re carefully consid-red in their interests by ,lunicipal and Educational authorities. Let it he once known that the working classes are alive to the necessity of their children being trained m school in such a way as to develop their bodies, t ) render them capable of enjoying life, of be- .oniing useful citizens, and of producing a healthy generation to succeed them, and it will not be long before their elected servants, the Members of Municipalities, County Councils. and Educational Committees will find ways of offing a stop to the lamentable drain on the A.!;•ility of the nation which is daily taking place. It it be questioned whether it be a fact that the British people are deteriorating in physique. how comes it, as has often been stated in the public press without contradiction, that during the war in South Africa—out of 11,000 men who offered themselves from Manchester for the army. r;

===== 0002601_19050121_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
only 30(X) could oe acceptelt isa nertlns4,olll4 to physical defects, and that, of these 3,000, only 1,000 were found fit to be, sent abroad to fight the battles of their country F How comes it that the colonel of the Birmingham Volunteers has lately stated in public, that, on account of simi- lar bodily defects, he is obliged to reject annu- ally some 32 per cent, of the men who offer themselves? Let it, also, be remembered that these are volunteers, and presumably therefore men who have. been brought up in comparative- ly well-to-do homes in Birmingham. Moreover as these men would not, under ordinary circum- stances be required to serve in the field, we mak reasonably suppose that the physical tests to which they would be subjected in examination would not be as severe as those which the ordin- ary recruit of the regular army would be re- quired to undergo. Furthermore, from infor- mation which the writer of this article lately obtained, it appears that some 50 per cent, of the lads from certain British towns, who annually offer themselves for service in the British Navy, have to be rejected by the recruiters on the spot for similar reasons, and that the services of a further 25 per cent. are declined owing to the discovery of more obscure physical disabilities when the lads have reached headquarters.

OUR RECRUITS.

It cannot be denied that these facts point to b most serious condition of affairs, threatening the very foundations of British social, commer- cial, and national life.

But, indeed, statistics are not necessary. We only require to go into the more crowded parts a our large towns, and to use our eyes in order to perceive how weak, stunted, and ill-formed are many of The young men and young women who are to be foundin their midst.

" It is somewhat depressing." said the "Daily Graphic," in a recent issue, " to learn from good authority that, although the British recruit be- fore the late NM about equalled the German in height, his weight, the surer criterion of physi- cal strength and stamina, was considerably less." The above statement may, indeed, be charac- terised as " depressing," but if it be true, it is well that we should know it, in order that we may live in no fool's paradise, but may be able without loss of time to take effective steps to bring about a condition of affairs less hurtful to or pride, and more in keeping with the popu- lar, but at present, fallacious notion of the phy- sical superiority of the Briton. The Royal Commission for Scotland on Phy- sical Training has borne important witness to the unsatisfactory physical state of the Scotch people, and has suggested remedies which it is hoped that the Government and the local au- thorities will not be slow in adopting, but if the condition of the people of Scotland be so bad. we may be sure that that of the people of Eng- land and Wales, of whom over 12,000,000 are crowded into forty-four cities with an average population of over 270,000 each, must be still worse. • ROYAL COMMISSION REQUIRED.

As it is of the greatest importance that no- thing should be left to conjecture ki so import- ant a matter, the Government would be well ad- vised to follow the precedent they have set themselves in the case of Scotland, and appoint a Royal Commission to enquire into the physical ?ondition of the people of England and Wales. The terms of reference to the Scotch Commis- sion might well be adopted, mutatis snutendis, Is those under which the English Commission might be instructed to act, namely To enquire into the opportunities for physical training now available in the State aided schools and other educational institutions of Scotland. md to suggest means by which such training may be made to conduce to the welfare of the pupils, and further, how such opportunities may be increased by Continuation classes and other- wise, so as to develop, in their practical applica- tion to the requirements of life, the faculties of those who have left the day schools, and thus to contribute towards the sources of national strength. In the meantime the people of Great Britain, and especially the working classes living in our large cities, who compose that portion of our population which is the most directly interested in the subject, should bestir themselves, and use all the legitimate influence they possess to impress members of Parliament. Corporations, Town and County Councillors, Educational au- thorities and others, of the urgent necessity which exists to turn their most serious attention to matters appertaining to the health, strength, and physical condition of the people of this country, and to take instant steps to improve the physique of the Briti,,h race.

MEATH.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
SECONDARY SCHOOLS IN CHESHIRE.

Important Conference.

THE RELIGIOUS TEACHING AT LYMM GRAMMAR SCHOOL.

The Cheshire County Education Committee held a meeting at Crewe, on Monday, Mr. C. E. Thornycroft presiding.—Dr. Hodgson, chairman of the Higher Education Committee, reported the result of a confer- ence held between that committee and deputation, from Crewe, Wallasey, Northwich, Nantwich, Knutsford Lymm, and other places, with regard to the provision of secondary schools to meet the requirements of those places. The deputation from Crewe suggested that a new secondary school should be built for 50 I boys and girls, on a site near the railway station, the present building being retained for evening technical classes and for certain day classes, but that the pupil teachers' centre should be held in connection with the new school. The deputation from Wallasey suggested that the County Council should take over the assets and liabilities of the present high school for girls. The cost of anew girls' school for 300 pupils was estimated at a sum of £12.000 to £lB,OOO, exclusive of site. Further accommodation for boys was required. The deputation agreed that a new school for 200 girls was needed. It was stated that there were 200 boys at the grammar school, and that with the increase in the population of the district provision should be made for 300 or 350 in the near future,either by rebuild- ing the_present school or by very extensive alterations to it. It was reported that Sir John Brunner, Bart., M.P., intended to build a new school at Northwich and a resolntion was passed suggesting to Sir John Brunner that it is desirable that the proposed new school should provide accommodation for boys boys as well as girls, and that the administrative sub- committee should be asked for their opinion as to whether the school should be a mixed or a dual school, and also as to the number of boys and girls for whom prcivision should be made. A deputation from Nantwich and Audlem met the committee. It was agreed that there was a necessity for a new mixed secondary school for about 250 boys and girls, and the governors of the present grammar school considered that the present site was suitable for the new school if adjoining property could be obtained. In this matter it was decided to re-consider the question after the receipt of a report from the Board of Education. A deputation from Knutsford also waited on the committee and laid their views before them. It was decided that the scheme for the linutsfoed Grammar School be arranged so as to provide for the school being a mixed school for boys and girls. A deputation from Lymm was received by the committee, who drew their attention to the Pact that the present scheme in regard to the management of the grammar school there provided that the head master should be a member of the Church of England, and that religious instruction shotild be given in accordance with the ' doctrines of the Church of England. It was decided to adjourn the conference so that the governors might consider the amendment 'of the school. Dr. Hodgson proposed the adoption of the report, and a discussion took place as to the desirability of extending the period for which loans were allowed for building secondary schools to sixty years, so as to reduce the annual charge for repayment. It was decided to urge the Local Governmeot Board to introduce a short Act of Parlia- ment dealing with the question.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL CASES AT LIVERPOOL SPSSioEs.

At Liverpool Quarter Sessions on Tuesday, George Cosgrove (40), collier, was sent to gaol for fourteen days for feloniously receiving,at Newton in-Makerfleld, on the 10th December. Mr. Madden prosecuted and Mr. Griffiths defended.—Alfred Unsworth (32), collier, for an assault, at Newton-in-Makerfleld, On the 17th December, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labour,—George Thomas Dean (28), labourer charged with theft at Newton-in-Makerfleld, WAS foun " Not guilty," and was set at liberty. Mr. Madden prosecuted and Mr.GreaPes Lord defended.

BAKX A CAKX,—lt's easy,it's economical, it's delicious —if you use KEENORA prepared Cake Flour. It's a preparation of the finest an purest ingredients and sim- plifies the art of cake-baking so that a child could make the most delicious cakes. Directions for making cakes are enclosethwith each packet. To be had from Grocers Bakers, &c. Free half-pound packet on receipt of 2d. stamps for postage.--KEENORA Co., Sir Thomas Streets Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SCALP HUMOURS

Itching, Scaly aNi ercsl:3d With Loss of Hair

===== 0002601_19050121_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
Speedily Cured by Cuticura Soap and Ointment When Every Other Remedy and Physicians Fail

Warm shampoos with Cuticura Soap and light dressings of Cuticura, the great skin cure, at once stop falling hair, remove crusts, scales and dan- druff, soothe irritated, itching surfaces, destroy hair parasites, stimulate the hair follicles, loosen the scalp skin, supply the roots with energy and nour-

ishment, and make the hair grow upon , a sweet, healthy scalp when all else s falls.

Millions of the world's best people use Cuticura Soap, assisted by Cuti- cura Ointment, the great skin cure, for preserving, purifying and beautifying the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales and dandruff, and the stop- ping of falling hair, for softening, whitening and soothing red, rough and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings and chafing's, for annoying irritations and inflammations, or too free or offen- sive perspiration, for ulcerative weak- nesses, and many antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, as well as for all the purposes of the toilet, bath and nursery. Complete treatment for every hu- mour, consisting of Cuticura Soap, to cleanse the skin, Cuticura Ointment, to heal the skin, and Cuticura Resolvent Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood, may now be had for 4s. 9d. A single set Is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning and scaly humours, eczemas, rashes and irritations, from infancy to age, when all else falls.

Bold throashont the world. Cutlet:re Resolvent, 2s. dd. On form of Chocolate Coated Pills, Is. lid. per vtal of ao), Ointment. Is. 6d, 80eP. lA. Depots: London. 27 Charter- liouse Sq.: Paris, 5 Rue de la Faux; Boston, IS] Colon:bud Ave. Potter Drag & Chem. Corp.. Sole Propnetors. 011-Ben4 los Llow to Care Every Ilamour."

===== 0002601_19050121_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE.

YOU CAN TEST YOUR SIGHT A T HOME AT OUR EXPENSE. On receipt of postcard we will mail you our HOME SIGHT-TESTER. Our Pebble Spectacles are marvellous for the eyes.

Ite,

===== 0002601_19050121_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
PERRY & CO.,

Opticians, 5. SEYMOUR ST. (London Road),

LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST FAMILY MEDICINE.

KAYE'S WORDSELL'S PILLS

Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Hesixche Dyspepsia. Constipation, Liver and Kidney Consplaints,Sa. For Ladies of all ages they are invalrable. Of all Chemists, lc lid.. 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. per box or post free on receipt of stamps to DEPOT. 13. St George Street, Norwich.

TOOTH-ACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S erevents Dec.. v. Saves Extraction. Sleepless Nights Prevented. Neuralgic Headaches and all Nerve NERYINE Pains removed by BUN E'ER'S NERVINE. Ali Chemists, ls. i 4. or post free on reoeipt of stamps to DEPOT, 13. ht. George Street. Norwich. ONE, TWO, OR TI--Ifet Rr-

mording to age and constitution, may be taken of DR. KING'S lOUS & LIVER PILLS

Cadeanteal without Ilercury)

These rine aare been prescribed by Medical men for over too years, are still ahead of all Lher gentle in their action, restore tone to the general system, and are the safest and most reliable family medicine for all ages, and absolutely cure the symptoms of Torpid Liver, such as UNPLEASANT BREATH —WIN Co GIDDINESS DEPRESSED SPIRITS INDIGESTION B•CSACSiE SPASSIB —ROUGH TONGUE ACIDITY AND CONSTIPATION—and stimulate the Liver itself to con- tinued healthy action.

ever7where-IN, 2/9 and 418 per box.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
KEATING,s LOZENGES EASILY CURE THE WORST COUGH. One gives relief. An increasing sale Of over So years is a certain test of their value. Sold in Tins ISed. each.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
DDREed or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

JOHN WALKillt C 0.. EXAMINER OFFICE,

===== 0002601_19050121_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
WA RRING TON

'ENTRY

===== 0002601_19050121_art0043.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
bt "azamtner goents

===== 0002601_19050121_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
DomeMit Otrbants, dr.

"SI ANTRG Stronz GIRL. —Apply Mrs. BLACICSHAw, Blue V Cost Yam, Hatton near Warrington.

. . NVANTBD clean, respectable Young GIRL as Housemaid. —Apply GLENLIM, Winton rd., Bowdon.

WAirTBD HOUSIMAID-WAIT cr HRSS In priate family, Proteatant.—laddrara MRS. G.,34,DUke St. Southport.

BINSON. 14, Bing street EarlestJwn. High .131'1 RSeIaRse°REGISTRY OFFICE tor Ladies and Servants - DOW open.

NIV ANTED, good GNNBRALS and Housemaid-waitress at once; good wages.—Mrs. BowprN, 20, Pepper et., Cbester,

ANTED, a gond GENERAL SERVANT, able to wash VT a good home.--Apply, 31, MARKET ST., Shaw near Oldham.

_ WVNTR D. strong willing GIRL for general housework 15 or 16 ; send reference.—Mrs. PICEERING, 8, Lord st., Southport. WANTD gcod GriNBRAL able to wash; small family ; references reguirsd+—Mrs. BENTLEY,. Yc rk rd., St.-Annes-on-Ses.

WANTED COOKS, senerals, Housemaids; references.— Apply Miss Jscitsoa,Registry Office, St. Andrew's rd., South. St. Annes-on-Sea.

WANTRD GRNBRAL f three in family.—Address Miss Mna:R. 26, Scarisbrick New rd„ Southport. No office need apply.

registry

WANTED superior strong GENERAL SERVANT for January 16th.—App1y Bliss Ttrez, Broonaville, Wardle rd., Sale, Cheshire.

WAISTI BD SBRVANT GIRL, about 15. to assist in house, work good home and good wages.—Apply 32 CAITH- NESS DRIVE, Ltseard. Cheshire.

KITCHENNLAID for HOTRL. help wasbing. good Cooks, Housemaids. Generals dce.. required by Mrs. HUGHES. Park Registry, 136 Poregate at., Cbester.

AVIS. RBAM requires Superior SHRV&NTS in every .131. capacity for good reliable places ; town and country . SELECT REGISTRY, Rusholme. alanebester. VV

STBD at once COOK-GISNERAL. H.M. Waitresses end Generals. fiOnd wages. —Mrs. DiVIEWS REGISTRY, 100. Wilmslow r& Wltbington, Mancuester.

WANTED NURSE; Catholic. neethewoman ; a few household duties. Good references essential. No agencies.—BLaAa. Moorlands, Avcrinzton. _

WYANTED, Immediately, good Plain COOK and HOME- STAID-WAITRESS ; four in family. No registries.— Mrs, W. G. GARNETT, 5, Hibtleseale Avenue, Clitheroe.

4 WANTED COOK-GBNIENAL £l.B ; lso Housemaid- Waitress. £lB-22; Housemaid. £l3; superior MORTIMMR, 17, Hale rd., Altrincham.

WANTHD, thoroughly good plain COOK, for small country house; age between 30 and 40; must have laighest references.—Apply FOSTER, Moorlands, Calver, Derbyshire.

WANTED HOUTEMAID-WAITRES9 and COOK- GANRRAL; good references essential; two In family; two maids kept; good wavec—Mrs. Antrol.n, Newton Avenue, Longsight. Manchester.

WANTED COOK, Housemaid-Waitress, Woman 40 for two aged people, one for Public, six Generaks. TURNER'S REGISTBY, 123, Katherine at.. Ashton-under-Lyne.

A Lt. CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or LI town.public and private.—Call or write WAS HARRISON'S only office). 6.oldham Street, Manchester. Established 1862.

wrANTED, COOKS, Cook-Generals. Housemaids Nurses, Gencrals, Young GirIs.—BOTTONCLEY'S HYGISTRY. Morley it., Bradford, Yorks. Disengaged Working Housekeeper.

NsrANTED, young bealtby GIRL, about 16 or 17; nice appetuance, to train as General ; small family Clergyman's honse.—Mrs. A , 39, Rectory rd, Higher Crampsall, Manchester.

AVANTBD, COOK-MINIMAL for country vicarage; capable, Christian girt valued; nurse-housernaid isept.—Age, wages. photo., to STACEY. Helme Vicarage, Heitham, Huddersfield.

CIOOKS WANTRD £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB to £22. Generals £lB to £2O. Girls £l4, excellent places. Igo connection with any other office. —Write to HARRISON'S 6, Oldham street, Manchester. WANTHD immediately strong COOK-GENBRAL, Protestant. Country eitnstion. Reference required. £lB with rise each year to 22.? if anitable.—Apply Mrs. Inviis, Claremont, Aughton. Ormsklrk.

ALL CLASSES OF SITUATIONS, private and publics good homes. excellent wages : places In town,countrv. and seaslde.—Write to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldbars street. Manchester.

AIRS. PRESTON Progressive Servants' Ag.nev, 44, Charles st. Oliest estahlished in Blackpool. Wants SERVANTS with reference., for Hotels, Boarding, Private Rouses; god wages: enclose stamp. Tel. 0137.

Oro be let.

25, CATHERINE 4TRIIIIT, 6 Rooms 4s. 34. per week. PENICHTH.-0000 HOUSEIs WITH GARDHNS, 3.. 94. per week, also Cottages 3s. 64. and 2s. 64. per week. IVY LODGR.FROGHALL LAN]] rent £45 a year on lease Apply HOBERT LOWE. Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War' engton. Telephone—No 65.

I OCK-UP SHOPS to be Let, Priare-green.---Jitexe & SON, 1.4 25, Moeda it., Warrineon.

TO Llre 17, FOLLY LAND, —Appl3, WOODR & SON -11. Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

91OLET.—North London. 8-roomed house bath, garden -I- £36 —Baissom, Pearl Buildings, Portsmouth.

MO LET. good HOUBIa in Derby-street. rent 4s. Bd. ; 11190 _i_ one oft Bewsey-road, rent 4s, Bd.—Apply WOODS & ioN. Solicitors, Warrington.

DRETTY new 5-roomed COTIAGH Tfl LliT, near Wire J. Works, Watch Factory and Collieries; electric light ; quiet, respectable neighbourhood, rent very low ; key 18, COTC HNARN LANE, Preecot.

iltlatt)merv, etc.

1511.L13311itiT4. Chaff-cutters, Pti'pars, Cake I. Breakers 3m. Cash or easy payments. Lists free.— BOSE, Laburnum Street, Wolverhampton.

pELTENT °man. sic AN CHB ItITBE 138T.LBLISHED 114 1835. Messrs. GBORGH DAVIES & SON have ha J more than 40 years' personal experienceth connection with this Establish• zaent andpossesspractlaalknowlectsse of the eetton,woolle, tali Iron manufactures. _ _ _

-:"-Se-i-i:17;11;7;i17e New Patent Law,' price Bd. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws." price Is. SIBOBGB DAVI2S, C.U., A SOS, 7.1.P.A.. 111.5. A 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTIIII

FOUNTAIN PENS.—Beet Ve!cantle, gold mounted,chased and polished. Original price, 70. 6d, : my price 2e. poet free.—Yomm, Agent. 8 Senrab Street, Stepney, London,

INVESTaaHNTS.—For particulars of 4 good Investment send stamp to (a. H. DIXON. 20, St. Charles Square, London, W. Purchase money may be paid monthly.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ICREAT CLEARANCE SALE. fproTFULL LIST POST PRBIC ON APPLICATION._

f 076 Cased Chronograph STOP WATCH, jewelled movement, perfect timekeeper. 10 years' written warranty, also 18-carat gold (stamped) filled double Curb Albert, Seal Wad ed, guaranteed 16 years' wear, worth £2 2.. Three together, sacrifice 10s. 6rl Approval before payment. 10/6—musy. jrqaDlo4lß jewelledlB A A mTo,GeOmLenDt:Caellyt timekeeper, 10 years' -warranty; also fashionable long Watch Guard. 13-carat gold (stamped) filled, elegant West End design ; guaranteed 15 years' wear. Two together, sacrtfine 10s. 6d.. worth £2 2s. Approval before pa7ment. 1 t /6—rciyßa,..: EstAroLusßlounsg"ge serilecfriet.",:otuthr handsome Muff to match ; worth 3 gui”ees. Sacrifice 115.6 d. 16/9 niAmGiNjurmlCl3trNuTm trumpet, t lever act o PHONOGRAPH,vrithi sw. 1412. Records ; lot, sacrifice, 16e. 9d. 10/6—LADTS magnificent £5 ss. mild gold. hall- marked Diamond ang Emerald Doublet Half-hoop RING ; large lustrous stone. Great sacrifice 10s. 6d.

.. A. W. DAVIS, PAWNBROKER AND JEWELLBRI 28, DRNMARK HILL, LONDON.

. . . . . ,•.. . . „ 1111111111/ _- - ,

===== 0002601_19050121_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
)

V E are MANUFACTURERS and can SAVE you money if you deal with us. We supply PIANOS, ORGANS, ALL MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS, all kinds of TALKING MACHINES, and fittings of every desuription. LOWEST PRICES for Cash; or we arrange PAYMENTS TO SUIT EVERY PURCHASER. by your RECORDS from ns on our exchange system IT SD, BACH. Repairs of every deecrlptio.. We pay carriage. MONEY RETURNED if goods are not as representad. Send for lists without delay to CLAYPOLE & COLBY, STAMFORD.

FURNITURE, PIANOS. STOCKS, &c.. BOUGHT FOR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT. OR ADVANuRS MAUE. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGE FOR ,INSPECTION. RARTIAY ANT) CO., 12. MOSS-STREET. LIVERPOOL;

===== 0002601_19050121_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
faiatllanons, en ,salts, et.

QPBEC HES and Articles written on all subjelts.—Professor Lzvng, M.A., 24, Brook st.. W.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
rruum BYES, Sore Byes.. Bazeßent family recipe, ls.- 1- TAIT, 50 Blencathrs Street, Keswick.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
5,--1 POSTCARDS, views, actresses, salon, comic ; Is. 7d. 1.1 stamps.—AßT, 10 Rue lterese. Paris.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
QTAMMBRING !—Cure yourself at home; stamp for parti- culars.—SPEClALlST. 41 Commercial rd., Swindon,Wilts.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
STAMPS for " Homer's Weakly" Competition ; 6,000 for le. carriage 6d.—Tilomis RUSSSLL. Wynd, Cumberland

===== 0002601_19050121_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
rIIIOICII Cooking, Bating, and Dessert Apples, 41. 3d. %,_/ per bushel.—Wm. Pecninan,,Plummers Plain,liorsham.

SOAP, hi. per lb.,Wnite or Carbolic ; 36113, carriage paid for 3e. postal order.—Address SOAP NORIO, Waigate Wigan.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
6it PHOTOGRAPHS la., copied from any photograph, by kl return, post free.--FREEMAN & Co., Artists, Southampton.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
pARCELS OF Goods, smart left-off clothing, all kinds, 2s. 6d., 65., 10s. upwards.—WEST. 34, Craveney Road, Tooting.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
VALBETINES.—WhoIe.aIe and Retail. Sentimental and V Uomie.—KlNG. Stationer, ;.0.1, Rases rd., London, N. Travellers wanted.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
1 PLAIN 2d. Coloured Theatrical Prints Wanted. Bend ID. per post with Price. Cash per return of post,— K., 304, Essex Road, London. N.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
R NAVY SWIG% 311 n. wide, ls. 2id. yard; Nay it, Flannel, le. 2d. yard.—WADES, Naval Contractor, Chatham, Write for patterns,

DARGAIN.—Widow requiring cash will sell lileetro Plated Teapot, Sugar and Cream. Queen Anne, 201.-52, Talbot road, Bayswater, London.

QCOTCH CREAM. Ideal ViThisky. Sample dozen case carriage paid, 40e. cash; excellent value.--EMPIR STORES, 70 ISlsrchniont st., London.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
A T LAST I—" Direct " knife and fork cleaner. Once used CIL always used. Sample li., returnable.—Taz lioneit 3TUariEs Co., Wokingham, Berks.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
FOlt SALE.—Bovril ;Coupons, 2s. 6d• the Guinea Set; is. 6d. per hundred given for Sunlight and Lifebuoy Wrappera. —COOPER, 30, Park End. Oxford.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
UST WHAT'S WANTRO.—• The Rapid ' Patent Orange t../ Peeler, 6cl. each, post free (special price for quantities), —HELL, 13 Pakeman et., Holloway, London.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
PTENT FOB SALE.—Small article use sh ful to all op- keepers. Not yet ptoduzed.—Full particulars H .H.. BEI/SHAW. 2, Cumberland Maraet, London, N. W.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Li TAMPS.—Approval sheets 50 per cent. discount, or be. 10 worth for Z. 6d Pick where you like; fine variety.— CoLLEcTolt. Tresco, Birkbeck rd., Mar:veil Hill.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
MATRIMONY. CAPTAIN, large means and pay, family and position desires marriage Lady of position. Box 719, Adve^.lser Office. Northumberland Avenue. W.O.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
VIM Tons of FINDLAY'S Northern btar POTATONS on 12 Sale, have grown over 16 tons from 5 cwt. of seed this season; price reasonable—l. CARTER, Blckerstaffe,Ormskirk.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
OfOrellantouo, on g§alo, cit.

aleg bp aurtion

A MUSING PHOTO-POSTCARDS fte. (Real trbo..). la Samples & Cat‘logue of Novelties 3 stamps.— IHEMONGEB. Stationer. Ilkeston. Derbyshire.

The Exarainer, Saturday, January 21, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY PAY le. the dozen. You ean buy 36 choice-, PICTORIAL POSTCARDS for Is. lid. poet free, all different.—Rozman & Co., Woodford, Sum

===== 0002601_19050121_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
QMOKIS GRADY'S DiSFIINDISH TOBACCO " It does not kJ burn the tongue." Sold everywhere in packets with coupon Wholesale.—GßAny, King st., Wigan

===== 0002601_19050121_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
300r5e5. (sarriageO, Etc *tack Scr

NY QUANTITY LIVH RABBITS for sale, 14e, per dozen.—Apply HoftrimEß, Croxton, Thetford. '

===== 0002601_19050121_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
VOR SALE PONY TURNOUT (complete). price £lB. Apply C. Wmeotr, 49, Mill-lane, Newton-le-Willows.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
ON SALE, Farm LEERY, with 41n. wheels.—Apply STARKEY, Wheelwright. Bißinge rd.,Pemberton,Wigan

===== 0002601_19050121_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
Br Meatus. HICKMAN AND OTHERS.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNBRAL CAR: new, special de:ign, cup tyres, massive silver fittings, three cars in ouP, price £155, usual price 195 —ARNOLD. Carriage Builder, Upper Brook st.,techester

/lout% Oporo, Zoartitng 05tabo

===== 0002601_19050121_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
?TWO MILK FLOATS, Jubilee CAR, Hawking CAILT,'2 1. TRAPS. Light 2-wheeled VAN, WAGGONNTTS. and Light GlG.—Apply •WINNARD, Wheelwright, Higher hone, Near Wigan.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
i/ouseo anti Eanti on gpale,

===== 0002601_19050121_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
gtartsl gitorks, SucOntogeo, cu.

HOMB WORK, either sea making up paper packets ; 108. upwards weekly.—Send addressed envelope for particulars; rIa.WKHEAD CHEMICAL no.. Fozbar. Paisley.

Ru.s.—Gcod, all wool, 6ft. by 6ft. wide, weight 41b. Will send one 2s. 6d.. carriage paid ; cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. GIBBON, Government Contractor, Rye.

r I 0 BE I SOLD at once, GREENGROCERY and FISH _L BUSIS HO ; good position ; owner giving up boBlness.- 26, HAWTHORNE RD., ChTell, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
TIRAPBRY BUSINKSS to be sold cheap to quick buyen suit Lady establiabed eix years, leaving the town genuine.-141, AUDLEY RANGE, Blackburn.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
CPOTATO BUStfiRSB FOR SAL% First class stand and oxinection. Leaving through lilness.-227, PORT- LAND ST. (corner of Uxbridge at.), Ashton-under-Lyne.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
L 250 INVITED and Secured on real Bstate return. s 18s. weekly clear.—For p srticulari. FREDERICK FRY, Esq.. Park Rouse, Serpentine rd., Liscard, Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
NVANTED Sunlight and LIFEBUOY WRAPPERS, lid., per dozen.--C. WALLIS, 80, Mill Rd. Cambridge.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
£2WEEKLY. envelope aidreseinle. o. P,lrtleulars two. stamps.—SPENCER, 25, Surbiton rd, Southend-on-Sea

===== 0002601_19050121_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTIID strong YOUTH. 16. must be good milker ; live in ; state wages.—HoWAßD, Milder Thornton, Chesh.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
wr ANTED, to purchase, Tincelled Pictures for a collector Cash per return post,—RING, 304, Essex rd., N

===== 0002601_19050121_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTBD.—Ladies to do Knittine. Deming Bm., 9.t home Spec! men.-101 OnsortarT GROVE, Balbam, London.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
RAPPERS wanted, any quantity. le. 3d. per hundred, cash by return:P. WALLts,St. Barnabas rd,Cambridge.

WANTSID 50,000 Sunlight and Lifebnoi Coupons. lid per dozen given, cash by return.—V. B. WALLIS, 29, Rills Road, Cambridge.

WANTBD SUNLICHT AND LIieBBUOY WRAPeI3 R el 18. 3d. per hundred.—r. WALLte, Barnabis Road, Cambridge.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
QV:WENT or JUNIOR TRACHRRS EIHQUIRHD trntned ately ; essentials, music and art.-13 RECEI HOUSE Smoot,. Bodies. Man,hester.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
QT. JOHN'S. TOXTHTH. LIVHUP 00L.—Wanted Imme- diately ASSISTANT MASTTR, Class A., £lO5-2151 or B. £95 plus extraa.—HEADML9TtR.

MARRIED Couple, with refineri home, wish to adopt. Biby with good premium.— Hrs. ESTEE, 56 Sturgeon Road. Lorri more liquors. Kenningt on .

WANTED MAN or BOY, to look after cows, oho who 060 milk; Moo Girl, 18, for farm work.—Apply, r flows's°, Swift's Farms, Kirkby, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WEBlELL—Persons wanted, bath sexes ; whole or spare time. Send addressed envelope to Messrs. PEAT & Co.. 97 Bent rd., Hamilton, N.B.

WANTED to TAKE up CARTING and HAULAGE CON- TRACTS 3 Ton loads and upwards.—Namoß BROS. LTD., Steam Motor Wagon Makers, Golborne.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
HQ UILDING Trade Ap3rentle aes nd others sbould writ _LP far psrticulars of Correspondence Lessons in Dr-swing —ld sAntorr (Dept K), 9, Gretford avenue. Chester.

ANTBD Agents (Shop Assistants preferred) for V Business Purebesine Company. Splendid openings. Write CHIEF AeEssr. 89, St. Alban's avenue, Bast Ham.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
110-RLSON'S PRNSION TRA. ROUNDS TARIM OVRi-: 11 good remuneration given. Imm ad te application neoeesery.—Addrees D. 8., Examiner Office, Warrinßton.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
MATRINIONY.—GIiNTLIPd AN, large mean. and own estate, desires correspondence with lady of good position.—Box 412, Advertise Office, Northumberland Avenue, London, W.C.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Orbital.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
PDILLS in lid. Boxes. Lowest priees to shopkeepers.-8. Vincent et., Bateau! Heath, Birmingham.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
gpartmento,

10111ESPECTABLE LODGINGS for I or 2 Men, centre of It town. Reasonable terms,—/Ipply Box, R. 0.. " lixamlner " Office, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
iftotor ear% eptles, rte.

ti LOR CAR. 55g.; the Velo' miniature; latest novelty .11 any child can work it.l—H., 9. Coleman Street. H. C.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
T 0 HE SOLD, 5 n.-p. " Humberette " 2.1010 it 0A n nearly new ; several spare parts ; expert examinations invited; buying larger car; £75.-20, North rd., St. Helen

===== 0002601_19050121_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Poultry, Ow, etc.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
VOWL CORN, 74 6d. 10a 6d, 12 6d. 2401 b.; Piz Food, 7a 6d J. and Poultry Meal, 81. and 10c, per 2001bc—BecnE AND Co.. 15, Goree piazzas, Liverpool. alention paper.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAMPION MEAL CHAMPION MEAL /IHAMPION MEAL CEIAMPION MEAL CHAMPION MEAL CHIN OS MEAL CHAMPION MEAL CHAMPION MEAL CHAMPION MEAL (REGISTERED.)

===== 0002601_19050121_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
PLAcARDs,in Bhck and Coloursd Inks, to any BUB or paVern, and o niny color of paper. AV( JOHN WALKER CO., EXAMINER OFFICE t

lIMM,IPILMMMAII

===== 0002601_19050121_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
HORSES, OATTLE,

StIHICP, PICfS, and POULTRY.

Ai Sold fa many parts of the United Kingdom.

BH SUB YOU GEr

" CHAMPION "

CHAMPION RESULTS.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Shortness of temper UNIONISTS AND is excusable,perhaps, SOCIAL REFORM. just now among the embarrassed friends of a Ministry which still shivers on the brink of a dissolution. While Mr. BALFOUR hesitates to take a step which must leact to defeat, his sup- porters in the Press cannot be expected to view very calmly the preparations of his opponents to take up the work he has so liberally mismanaged. Sir HENAY CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN gave a sketch of this task in his speech at Stirling, dealing chiefly with its financial aspect. He gave some figures of the national expenditure, and urged the necessity of retrenchment. a is not an unreasonable contention; but the bare mention of retrench- ment is positively infuriating to the Unionist mind. Sir HENRY CAMPBELL.BANNERM&N has only to suggest that we might have an efficient Army for less than we spend on it, and the "Times" promptly accuses him of a desire to make his country utterly defenceleis in order to spend the money saved by this means on "visionary Socialistic schemes." Indeed the " Times" regards ! any proposal to reduce expenditure as tantamount to the abolition of the Army and Navy. Sir ! HENRY CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN is told that "his argument is just as good for aboli- ,tion as for retrenchment." So the people who read the article in the " Times " on Sir HENRY'S speech, but not the speech itself, may have the idea that the Liberal leader wants to abolish, or at any rate seriously to

weaken, our defences, although "we, and all Europe, are living on what may prove at any time to be the brink of a volcano." If there were even a scintilla of reason in this accusation, we ought to find SIR HENRY and his colleagues pro- testing against the considerable expense entailed by the equipment of the Army with new guns. But no such protest has been made. The new guns are absolutely indispensable, and the cost is net grudged. But the opposition have very justly omplained that men who talk so loudly about their solicitude for the safety of the Empire, and accuse their opponents of lack of patriotism,are the very men who neglected the artillery for years,and who have thrown our whole military organisation into lamentable confusion.

Everybody knows that a new Government .will have to take up this question of the Army, and strive to bring order out of the chaos created by Mr. BALFOUR. But the " Times " thinks fit to define the attitude of the Liberal party in this fashion: "It must not be supposed that Sir HENRY CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN has no policy. He has one which, at least, has the merit of simplicity. He does not trouble himself about the security of the country or the reform of the Services. All that is necessary in his opinion is to cut down the expenditure upon them; and he intimated pretty distinctly that the first duty of a Liberal Government, on coining into power, will be to make sweeping reductions in the naval and mili- tary estimates." The simple answer to this charge is that a policy of reducing expenditure without taking any account of the security of the country and the reform of the Services is impossible. The little mistake of the " Times " is to assume that you cannot have security without the blind extravagance of a Government whi2h does not know its own mind. To go on heaping up the Army Estimates without taking the trouble to decide once for all what the British 1 Army ought to be, and what should reasonably be expected from it, is the policy we have witnessed 1 for the last ten years. The" Times " knows per- fectly well that the policy is totally wrong, but falls into a passion at the bare suggestion that we should practice a little economy. Sir HENRY CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN said there were social prob- lems demanding attention, and that we should readjust our finances so as to deal with those prob- lems. There is nothing unusual in that position ; it belongs, indeed, to the v.)ry essence of wise administration and national welfare. But the " Times " sees in it the spectre of Socialism. "Everybody is to be encouraged to invent new wants by way of rising in the social scale." The housing of the poor is admittedly very bad; but 1 to hold out any prospect of an effort to remedy it is to encourage the poor to invent new wants. Let us not spread discontent among the tenants of insanitary dwellings. If this is to be the new Unionist battle-cry against the policy of social reform, the Liberal party will have no reason to feel uneasy.

" What will Mr. Balfour do ?" is a question agitating the minds of members of all political parties concerned in the government of the country. Parliament is due to re-assemble in less than a fortnight and the Premier will very soon be compelled to make up his mind whether it is worth while hanging on to office and dodging defeat throughout another wearisome session. Possibly Mr. Balfour has no "philosophic doubt" on the subject at all. He is said to be determined to hold on to the last, and one of " F.C.G.'S." inimitable cartoons pictlres his delight over a remark in the "Pall- Mall Gazette" that ministers need not give up until "their own consciousness of public useful- ness is exhausted." This is an inner consciousness and is evidently not easily exhausted. But the want of confidence in the House, and the clamour in the country may, and ought, to precipitate matters. Mr. Asquith said on Thursday evening that' according to all the canons ;of .lonstitutional propriety, aye, and according to all the rules of common sense the dissolution was not only due,but overdue. We had a Government—at least we had a body of men—who had shed one after another almost all their most distinguished and experienced colleagues, and were at this moment the weakest and the least respected Ministry that had held , office in this country for one hundred years." There probably never was a Govern- ment of which the country was so heartily tired as of this one of repeated " mess, muddle, and make believe," and the sooner an opportunity is given to the Progressive party to put things to rights and the better.

--- The Metropolitan Radical Federation, in antici- pation of a strong majority, asks what the new Government is going to do in the way of domestic legislation." Will it prove a giant with a weak brain . . . . or will it take the nation's affairs with a strong hand directed by a clearness of vision based on a firm belief in democracy, and filled with a determination to maintain peace, the retrench- ment of the Empire's wasted finances, and reform the many evils that now disgrace the fair name of England ? " We have every confidence in the strength, capacity, and wisdom of the men who are likely to control the destinies of the nation under a Liberal mandate. There need be no fears for a party possessing politicians of the mental—aye and moral—calibre of Sir H. Campbell Bannerman, Lord Rosebery, Mr. John Morley, Mr. Asquith, Mr. Lloyd George, Lord Stanley, Earl Spencer, Mr. Winston Churchill, Major Seely, Mr. Ivor Guest, and a host of others whose names recur readily to the memory. ' A brief suggested programme includes the aboli- tion of the breakfast table duties, the provision of old-age pensions, the taxation of land values, and universal suffrage. Were the next Government only to deal effectively with two of these measures it would have accomplished sufficient for posterity to ever hold it in honoured remembrance. The co-ordination of education in the borough has undoabtedly been the most important work to which the members of the Education Committee have applied themselves during the short period in which they have controlled educational affairs. It is only necessary to read the reports presented at the prize distribution in the Parr Hall on Thursday evening to find that a mvitsure of success has already been attained in the carrying out of a scheme fraught with great possibilities to the rising generation. Facilities now exist, it is pointed out, for every boy and girl in the town to be educated to a higher point of efficiency than hitherto. Commencing their education in the elementary school, students may when they reach the requisite level of learning enter the secondary school where the instruction is of a much more advanced order. The fact, however, has not been overlooked that the majority of chil- dren have to commence work when they are thir- teen or fourteen years of age, and for them there is provision at the eveninv schools and, at a later stage,7the Technical Institute and School of Art. It is distinctly gratifying to know that the new arrangements are working smoothly, that the improved facilities have been welcomed both by scholars and parents, and that the examination results denote a spirited co-operation on the part of the students. We hope the committee will attain their desire to strengthen the connection between the elementary and evening schools to ensure an immediate continuation of educa.ion, and that so honoured an institution as the Grammar School will soon occupy its just position as the highest rung in the local educational ladder

In securing the services of such an eminent and ardent educationist as Vice-Chancellor Hopkiu-

ri:. ..

===== 0002601_19050121_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
eautatton.

son to distribute the awards, the committee were indeed fortunate. His address, which we publish in full in another column, is well worthy of thoughtful perusal and it should have an encouraging effect upon pupils, staff and com- mittee alike. We were particularly impressed by the Vice-Chancellor's earnest advocacy of the best efforts being put forth for the enlightenment of the great mass of the people to whom a university career is impossible. The Vice-Chancellor is not one who closes his eyes to the need for attention to the practical side of education, and technical ' classes and the like should, in his view, equip the youth of the country for their special callings in life. Beyond that, however, true education sholld have a broadening and mellowing influence upon the mind—widening the horizion of view, as it was aptly put. We hope the Education Com- mittee will take to heart the Vice-Chancellor's emphatic declaration that the desiie for efficiency ought not to destroy regard for economy. "I believe there is a risk at the present time "he observed "of some reaction, owing to the ad- ditional burdens which have been rapidly placed upon the people." No one will, we imagine, dis • pute the necessity for sacrifice in the interests of future generations. It behoves all education authorities not to impose upon the good will of the ratepayers but to obtain the maximum output from existing equipment.

In a recent address on "Some Opportunities for Social Reforms," Sir Oliver Lodge maie thoughtful allusion to the problem of the unem- ployed and the dastitute, and its solution. Said he : "Relief to the poor should be given before complete destitution, and not after. If a man is capable of working hard, and also'of organising his life well, he is, ipso facto, above the average, and he will go to the top, or at any rate, fairly up ; he is not one of the failures. But the Poor- Law should legislate, he would not say for failures, but for those below the average in character and ability. And what they lack and he believed in many cases almost al of what they lacked, was organising power. Therefore, let them not be herded in cities,but be planted on the land, and made ae far as possible self-supporting. Had it ever struck them how odd 'it was that people ever died of starvation ? It was so little that people wanted to keep there alive; a man made very small demands upon existence. He did not know how little food a person could do with, but he knew that it seemed quite absurd, in a world of this productiveness, that anybody should be so grindingly poor as they often were. It was a disgrace ;. it was a thing which should be thoroughly attacked." A contribution to the question from such an eminent man as Sir Oliver Lodge is of more than ordinary valti3 and merits the deepest considera- by all social reformers and administrators of the Poor Law. Housing and helping the destitute certainly does not seem of much practical use or permanent value, while it remains a severe and unwelcome tax on the nation. There is something, we think, in Sir Oliver's idea that the able-bodied of such people might be "farmed out " as it were, and taught to organise their energies aid be self- reliant. The Workhouse regime does not rescue them from the perils of environment, and they still remain the drones of Society. And Society has less and less room for drones.

It;is not every undertaker who, given an order for a coffin, would linger in measuring the corpse, doubting whether he ought to question death. Most men engaged for such a duty are more perfunctory. The thought which comes home is how slender is the hope of anyone in a state of physical exhaustion raising an alarm if a mistake, has been made. The struggle for life is very painful, and very tenacious in many cases; but, as all nurses know, there generally comes a stage of simple weakness and approach to passivity—when. the dying seam to go, as it were, with the ebb tide. Persons in that state cannot cry or shout, and when they have been " laid oat "" even the nearest rAlatives often hesitate to stay in the room. There was a great, kindly wisdom in the religious custom of keeping watch over a loved body with lighted tapers all around But it is not practicable, except for a favoured few, in our day. Neither is it right that a corpse should be kept many days— for the sure test of decomposition—in the crowded rooms of the poor. Cremation would solve this and many other troubles; but until a Bishop or two has ordered - that his remains shall be so disposed of, it will not become general. That fantastic plecaution which obtains in some parts of France is also for the wealthy, and not pleasant to think of for them. It is a machine which !gives communication from the coffin to the ground. No, the best care is that adopted in Paris—for a medical [A ttendan t' s report in all cases to be verified by a Government official.

Within the pages of a little huff pamphlet there has been collected it set of stories that would separately make the fortune of a novelist of the Sue order. They are the authentic tales of people who have either peen buried alive, or at least have been placed in the final narrow shells unde the belief that they were dead. A man named Nicholas Lehow is now living in Australia, who 80Mb twenty-two years ago was fortunate enough to have strength to turn just as the undertaker's assistant was about to screw down the coffin. There is another ease, drawn from the "Boston Evening Transcript," of a Methodist minister, the Rev. E. R. Johnson, of Mulberry, Indiana, who finally passed away two years ago. He had the distinction of having died twice according t o the certificate of noted physicians. In the first instance, in 1869, the first part of the burial service had been read over the open coffin, when a gust of wind caused the door to bang, and the presumed dead man sat up in his coffin. Two weeks later,having recovered entirely from his cata-, • leptic condition, he preached in his old pulpit. These are instances out of examples of a score or more which the Society for the Pieventiou of Pre- mature Burial can cite, They were the lucky cases of discovery in time. There is not lipuch chance after the screw has been turned, There was one body ordered to be exhumed on account of suspected poisoning, and people saw what a struggle can take place—desperate, hopeless, and succourless. It had actually occured.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
A ST. HELENS MANSLAUGHTER CASE.

Police Proceedings.

On Thursday at the St. Helens Police Court, before Messrs. B. B. Glover and W.. 1. Cook, an elderly man named Terence Dolan was brought up on the charge of causing the death of an old woman named Lucy Smith, on Saturday night. The Chief Constable stated that deceased was the housekeeper to a tinsmith named William Howitt, who resided at Higher Parr-street. Dolan, with his wife and boy, had lodged with Howitt for some time. About ten o'clock on Saturday night Dolan went to the house, and went upstairs. He called for a light, and a candle was brought upstairs to him by the woman Lucy Smith, who was 68 years of age. When she reached the second step from the top prisoner took the candle from her, and then gave her a push, which threw her to the bottom of the stairs. When she was picked up she was unconscious, and remained in that condition till ten o'clock on Sunday morning,when she died, the cause of death being fracture of the skull Evidence was called to bear out this statement. Dr. O'Keeffe said the cause of death was fracture of the skull.

Prisoner alleged that the old woman was knocked down the stairs during a scuffle with Howitt. He was committed for trial at the Liverpool Assizes.

BURIED IN A Alm. Mr. Brighouse held an inquest at Haydock, on Thursday, on the body of John Briscoe, forty-four, a colliery contractor, of Haydock, who was killed on Tuesday morning in the Leigh Pit. Haydock. Daniel Briscoe, deceased's half-brother, said he worked with him. On Tuesday they started work at 6 a.m. on a tunnel they were driving between the mine and four-feet mines. The tunnel was Ilft, wide and 6ft. high. All went well until half-past ten, whena sudden fall of roof took place, burying deceased. Witness was about five yards away, and immediately got help, and Briscoe was got out, but was found to be dead. The place was well timbered. Mr. Hall, the Government inspector, said he had come to tiro conclusion that if he bad visited the place before the accidenr he would hove passed it as safe. The Nry returned a verdict of " Accidental death "

===== 0002601_19050121_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
. .i: •,:.,:. •i:•..i..uA

===== 0002601_19050121_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19050121_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Index to Inside Pages.

PALE 2 Warrington Co-operative Society. Bold Colliery Disaster. "The Four of ,Hearts," by ry Angela Dickens. 3 Women's Chat and Fashions. Special article by the Earl of Meath. Wesleyan Home Missions. Science Notes and Motor Notes. Stockton Heath Garden Society. Electricity and Tramways Finance. "Strategy Triumphant" by Thomas Saunders. 7 Football and Billiards. Personal, Mr. Morgan Prince,who will be ordained at the end of March, will succeed the Rev. Arthur Inglis as curate of Holy Trinity Church. He is a graduate (8.A.) of Lampetor TheologicAl College and the son of the Rector of Gwytherin' near Llanrwst. Pending his arrival the Vicar will have the assistance of the Rev. S. Jackson, ILA., one of the senior masters of the Liverpool institute. The Rev. L. N. S. Blakeloc,k, M. 1., of Queen's College, Oxford and Ely Theological College, has been ppointecl to the curacy of St. B trrub.i.s' Caurcn and latered upon his public duties last Sunday. I H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63, S.A.NKEY Sr., WARaiNGTON.—Advt. The Welsh Revival.

To-morrow evening the Rev. John Yonge will preach a special sermon on the above at Wycliffe Church.

• Increase of Teachers' Salaries. The Education Committee will hold its monthly meeting at the Town Hall on Monday evening. In- creases of teachers' salaries to the amount of ;£B9O, in accordance with the c ommittee's scale, are recommended by the School Management Committee. Silver-street Carol Singers. , As the result of funds raised by the above a treat was given to about 300 poor children, consisting of hot-pot, cakes, and oranges. Afterwards they were entertained by selections on the phonograph by Mr. W. Whitney, and carols by the singers. The Rev. R. Wilkins Rees presided.

Accident to the Motor Mail. The Liverpol-Hanchester motor mail was proceed- ing along Liverpool-road shortly after midnight on Wednesday when, owing to the dense fog which prevailed, it collided with an electric standard and one of the wheefs was smashed. H. M. ASHTON'S [mit TONIC is the KING or TONICS. I 63. SANKEY-STRUT, Warrington.—Advt. Fire at Market Gate.

A largo crowd was attracted to Market Gate last evening when it became known that a fire had broken out in the shop property in course of demolition there. It appears that during the day workmen had been engaged in burning refuse on the premises until recently occupied by Mr. Price, provision dealer. Apparently it remained smouldering and at 7.30 burst into flames which spread to the woodwork. The fire brigade turned out under Superintendent Turner, with the engine " Captain," and about an hour's work sufficed to extinguish the tire.

As for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINIMAL WATERS.—Advt. Snowstorm Disorganizes the Tram Service. A bitterly cold and windy day ended in a heavy snowstorm at Warrington on Monday. Vehicular traffic was rendered most unpleasant, and the tram- way service was greatly disorganized. The current failed frequentlyoowing to the snow getting between the wheels and the rails, and so breaking the circuit. One car accomplished a ten minutes journey in 21 hours, while on the Longford route the cars could not get beyond the Horse and Jockey Inn. The work of clearing the main thoroughfares was undertaken early on Thesday morning, extra hands having been employed by the Borough Surveyor and the streets were very rapidly made serviceable.

The Late Mr. Henry Lee. The committee of the Liberation Society passed a resolution on Monday respecting the death of Mr. Henry Lee, J.P., of Manchester. The committee placed on record their deep sense of the value of his services to the society's cause, not only as a member of their own body for a lengthened period, but also in connection with the North-West District Branch of the Society, and referred to his fidelity in the dis- charge of his religious, political and civic duties, his steadfast adherance to his cherished convictions, and his uniform geniality and courtesy in the conduct of public affairs.

LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRID 0 E-STREET.—Advt. Fidier's Ferry Sailing and Boating Club. The annual meeting of the above club Was held on Thursday evening at the Norton Hotel. Mr. H. Frankish, commodore of the club, presided. The Secretary reported that the membership exceeds 50 and considerable progress was also reported in the negotiations with the Mersey Conservancy for the erection of a pontoon and landing stage at Fidler's Ferry. This matter formed the principal topic of !discussion, being as it is a question of paramount importance and considerable expense, it being estim- ated that at least £3O will be required for the purpose. Several donations of a guinea were announced at the meeting, but there is still considerable lee-way to be made up before the sum of £3O is reached. A hearty vote of thanks to the Chairman f n the able manner in which he conducted the proceedings, concluded the evening's business.

PUBLICIBENEFIT. UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST Boors IN LANCASIIIRE.—Advt. Wycliffe Cockhedge Mission. On Monday and Tuesday evenings the scholars of the above Sunday school held their annual teas. On the former evening the elder portion met, and after tea the evening was devoted to games &c. During the course of the evening several gramaphone selections were given and were greatly appreciated. The junior scholars met on Tuesday evening when the time was spent in a similar manner. On Wednesday the scholars and friends again met for the distribution of prizes, which were given for regular attendance. There were 98 prizes in all, and they were presented 11 the Rev. john Yonge. The following persons kindly contributed to the programme :—Mr. Taylor, gramaphone ; Mr. Griffiths, concertina solos; Messrs. Tichard and Johnson, flute duets; Miss Pollie Hackett, song; Mr, A. Maybary, song; Miss Lizzie Unsworth and Master A. Hackett, recitations. At the close of a very enjoyable evening, votes of thanks were heartily accorded to Mr. Ziba Armitage for his kindness in providing the necessary funds for the prizes, and to the Rev. J. Yonge, and all who had Jaelped towards the success of the evening. BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades--J- S. GARLAND, Furnishing frOntnOnger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Cycling Club Smoking Concert. Avery successful smoking concert promoted by the Warrington Cycling Club, was held at the Patten Arms Hotel on ThurSday evening. Mr. D. Hodge (captain) presided over a large gathering, and the proceedings were characterized by great enthusiasm. The programme was one of exceptional interest and 'variety, and every item was well received. Songs were well rendered by Mr. Fred Warburton and Mr. a. E. Hannan, the last-named artiste being loudly encored for his interpretation of `! Maid of Malabar." Humorous readings from Max Adeler by Mr. H. M. Ashton proved a highly popular feature. Instrumental trios were submitted by Messrs. R. H. Pearson, H. Bond, and T. R. Ford, which with a well-rendered violin solo by Mr. Pearson contributed in no small measure to the success of the concert. Humorous songs by Mr. J. Emson kept the company in continual merriment, and Mr. Billy Ashworth was cordially applauded for two clever whistlimr solos. Mr. T. R. Ford discharged the duties of accompanist. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to all who had taken part, on the proposition of Mr. E. Pickavance (hon. secre- ary) seconded by Mr. J. Critchley.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
Progressive Labour League. A meeting of this league was held on Monday even- ing under the presidency of Mr. Hitchin. A discus- sion on "The effects of the late Boer war" was introduced by Mr. J. Heywood whose condemnation of the introduction of Chinese labour was endorsed by other speakers. Next Monday evening the Rev. H. Dunnica will speak on "A. national system of education." •

Unionist Support for Mr. Lloyd George. The Lord-Lieutenant of Ca.rnarvonshire (Mr. J. E. Greaves), a prominent Liberal Unionist, has announced his intention of supporting Mr. Lloyd George at the next general election. He writes : " When the struggle comes on it will find me on the side of Free Trade and the placing of our higher and elementary education upon a frankly popular basis."

PHOTOS 12 for 6d.—MAHDEEN, 37, SAnkey-st.—Advt I The Carnarvon Boroughs Contest. Hr. R. A. Naylor, the Conservative candidate for the Canarvon Boroughs, writing to a Carnarvon correspondent, says :—"The Radical Party in Wales have no policy except that propounded by Mr. Lloyd- George, which for concentrated essence of folly could not be equalled This one-man one-sided policy does not commend itself to the teachers or the real lovers of education, and as it is altogether impos- sible, its originator must face its inevitable defeat." Organ Recital. Mr. Percy Randall, organist of Holy Trinity Church, Warrington, gave an organ recital at All Saints' Church, Daresbury, on Sunday afternoon before a crowded congregation. He submitted an excellent programme in masterly style, " The Storm Fantasia " especially being very realistic. Miss Pollie Houghton rendered " Rejoice greatly " from " The Messiah " and " 0 Divine Redeemer," her fine soprano voice being heard to the best advantage. Mr. C. H. Honk sang " If with all your hearts" from " The Elijah " and "The heavenly song," very creditably.

ASK for CCTSNLNGRAM'S HIGH-CLASS NIESERAL WATERS.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Lectures on " Social. Questions.",

The first of a course of -six University Extension lectures on "Social Questions" was delivered in the Co-operative -Hall, Sankey-street, last evening by Mr. S. J. Chapman, M.A. (professor of political economy and dean of the faculty of commerce in the University of Manchester). The subject was " Social questions: their nature and development," which was most interestingly and instructively treated. The next lecture, on " Trade Unionism " will be given on Friday, February 3rd,

UNDER THE CLOCK for Good BOOM—Advt. The Manchester and Liverpool District Dank-

ing Company Limited. A meeting of the shareholders of the Manchester and Liverpool District Banking Company Limited was held on Wednesday. the 18th inst., at the Head Office of the Bank in Spring Gardens, Manchester,Mr. Edward Dormer, Chairman of the Bank, presiding. The report of the Directors, recommending a dividend for the half-year of 21s. a share, free from Income Tax, was adopted. At the close of the shareholders' meet- ing tin Board of Directors met and re-elected Mr. Edward Donner chairman,and appointed Mr. William Tipping deputy chairtiaan. PHOTOS 12 for 6d.—NIAFIDEEN, 37, Sankey-st.—Advt Local Oddfellowship.

The quarterly meeting of the Warrington District of the Independent Order of Oddfellows (Manchester Unity) was held at the Pelican Hotel, on Saturday, P.G.M. R. H. 11aIford presiding over a good attend- ance. The most important business was the election of officers for the ensuing year. P.D.G.M. Joseph Taylor (Constitution Lodge) was elected Provincial , Grand Master and P.G. Thomas P. Bradshaw (Prince of Wales Lodge) was, elected Deputy Grand Master. P.G. Dennett was appointed auditor and P.G.'s Walter Knowles and Burdett, lodge book examiners. P.G. William Holbrook (Admiral Nelson Lodge) and P.G. George F. "Freeman (Prince of Walea Lodge) were selected to represent the District at the annual Movable Conference to be held at Plymouth at Whitsuntide. It was decided to form a presentation committe- with a view to suitably acknowledging the services of the retiring Grand Master (Bro. Holford).

PUBLIC BENEFIT.-UNDER TILE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—AdVt.

Repairing Lock Gates. On Monday the work of repairing the side gates in the small locks at Latchford which were damaged some months ago, was completed. A gate weighing about 150 tons, was launched at Thelwall. A slip- way had been prepared there, and it was covered with soft soap and tallow, to enable the gate to travel down quickly. It was held in position by a strong Manilla rope, and at the word " go" the rope was cut and the gate slid down the slipway at a terrific rate and plunged into the water, in a similar manner to launch- ing a ship, except that the gate went to the bottom of the canal. It was then raised by a large crane until it was in a vertical position and afterwards carried to the locks, attached to two powerful tug boats. On arrival at the locks, it was lowered, and a diver was sent down to arrange the rollers, after which the gate was put into its proper position. A large number of men were engaged, and were under the supervision of Mr. W. Fox, the mechanical 'engineer for the Manchester Ship Canal Company, who carried out the work in an expeditious manner. FOR GLASS AND CHINA Of every description try • J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55' Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. The Parnell of Wales.

Mr. David Lloyd-George was 42 on Tuesday. He was born in Manchester in 1863, the son of a Carnarvon school teacher, and was educated in a church school near Criccieth. Anglicans point out how ungrateful the Parnell of Wales—as he is sometimes termed—is now in turning upon the good mother church who thus guided his childish steps in the pursuit of know- ledge. He became a solicitor with his brother, and they built up a large practice in Carnarvonshire, and he got into Parliament at a bye-election in 1890. In politics a fighting man is welcome, and Mr. Lloyd- George soon showed his courage. He attacked the appointment of county court judges in Wales who were unable to speak Welsh, and this championship of Welsh nationalism won him much respect and popularity. Since then he has, it is generally admit- ted on both sides of the House, gone on increasing his reputation, and he is certain to be included in the next Liberal Cabinet. He did supremely well in denouncing the Beer war when the war was popular, and he achieved another great success in his brilliant attacks on the Education Bill. He has the Welsh readiness of speech and nimbleness of mind, and he can be very humorous when he chooses. He is an excellent debater, and can " draw " Mr. Chamberlain more skilfully than any other member in the House. He owes nothing to influence, but everything to his awn ability, pluck, and resourcefulness.—Oar readers will, of course, remember that Hr. Lloyd George is to be the principal sreaker at a Liberal meeting in Parr Hall on Friday, February 3rd.

FIRE GRATES of every deseription.—J. S. GAR LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, & 55, Bridge- street, Warrington.—Advt. " Cinderella " at Higher Walton. A pretty operetta entitled " Cinderella " has been presented on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday evenings of this week in the Parish 'Boom, Higher Walton. Gratifying success has attended the performances, each character having been admirably impersonated. The effect has been heightened by pretty scenery and stage appointments, and the entertainments have given manifest pleasure to large audiences. The following have been responsible for the various parts: —Baron, Mr. Millwood ; Prince, Mr. Moores; Dolabella, Mr, Victor Roberts; Masirella,Mr. Dyott Darwall; Baroness, Miss Doris Adams; Fairy, Miss Dorothy Truslove ; Cinderella, Miss Gladys Adams; Herald, H. Cartwright; trumpeters, J. Lockhart and F. Davies; page, J. Johnson. As Cinderella Miss Gladys Adams achieved a marked success, while the humour of the evening was supplied by Messrs. Victor Roberts and Dyott Darwall who as Dolabella and Masirella respectively created great mirth. Mr. Millwood was a splendid Baron; Mr. Moores as Prince was quite at home, and Miss Doris Adams sustained the role of the Baroness in a highly creditable way. The stage managers were Mrs. Darwall and Mr. Frank Booth, with the Rev. L. J. T. Darwall as conductor and Mr. W. N. Busby as accom- panist. Several dances by pupils of Miss Spinks were a striking feature of the production and called forth hearty applause. Miss Ethel and Miss Evelyn Nevvall earned special praise by a pretty fan dance. Mr. W. Gornall supplied the cornet obligate for a number of items and also rendered solos. Mrs. George Ploult contributed songs with good, effect.

The Examiner, Saturday, January 21, 1905

===== 0002601_19050121_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
TENANT SUES LANDLORD FOR

MAKING A NOISE.

In the Chancery Court of Lancashire before Sir W. Hall, Vice Chancellor, sitting at the Chancery Court, St. George's Hall, Liverpool—Robertson v. Sugg. The trial of this action was set down for hearing on Wednesday, January 18th and was on the part of Alexander Robertson, plaintiff, who is a tenant of the defendant te restrain him from carrying on the business of a manufacturer of cricket bats, tennis racquets, hockey sticks also other athletic goods on the premises situated over and about his office at 12 Lord-street, in such a manner as to cause him annoyance and render it impossible for him to conduct his business. Plaintiff claimed injunction, costs and damages. Mr. Wilson instructed by Messrs. Simpson Munroe appeared for plaintiff and Mr. J. Rutherford instructed by Messrs. reebay and Lynch for defendant. Counsel for plaintiff in opening the case explained that he had inspected the premises and admitted that all rough work was carried out in the basement. That the finishing processes were completed in rooms imme- mediately over plaintiff's office and the noise caused by the workmen was such as to constitute a nuisance at Common Law.

--Tie—ViTe-dhancellor interrupted Counsel and sug- gested that as he remarked at the Motion for an interim injnnction, this was distinctly a case which ought to be compromised. That plaintiff was only paying a small rent and he should have arranged to seek another office rather than fight a long and expensive Chancery action. Counsel stated that plaintiff had been offered £llO already and that he had refused it. The Vice Chancsllor thought that was an unreasonable sum and defendants stated that they were prepared to repeat the offer made when the proceedings were com- menced to give Plaintiff £25 as compensation for dis- turbance of tenancy and Plaintiff to pay his own costs. This'offer was not accepted and the case proceeded again. The Vice Chancellor intervened and Plaintiff offered to accept £5O and costs but after considerable negotiations agreed to accept defendant's original offer of £25 for compensation each side to pay costs, the Plaintiff to give up his lease and find other premises as early as possible. Mr. Wilson pointed out that Plaintiff had incurred very heavy costs in bringing this action but Vice Chanceror Hall told Counsel that the question of costs did not in any way concern him. He simply tried the merits of the case and thought Plaintiff had been ill advised in bringing his action, His Honour in rising congratulated Counsel on settling the matter and as this was the last case the court then rose.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE. A meeting of the Parochial Committee was held in the National Schools on Thursday night, Mr. George Pilling presided, and there were alio present: Messrs. J. Whitley, J. Hallows, J. Mounfleld, F. Pearson, J. Fairhurst, .J. W. Bouchier, S. F. Welsby, F. Warburton, H. J. Westbrook, T. R. Westbrook, George F. Ashton (clerk), J. Swinton (surveyor), and J. Farrington (nuisance inspector).

===== 0002601_19050121_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSESSMENT OF CORPOICA.TION MAINS &C.

Mr. H. J. Westbrook asked for Info-r—maTii-Onwas—to the assessments of the Warrington Corporation water mains and works in the district of the Council; the basis on which the azsessments had been made; when they were last altered ; and also for similar informa- tion with respect to telephone poles. The Clerk answered the questions, but said the figures were not for publication. Mr. Whitley asked if Mr. Westbrook submitted the questions because he had no confidence in the over- seers. As the senior overseer he thought he was entitled to a reply, as he thought the overseers could have given the information.

Mr. Westbrook said the questions he had asked had nothing to do with the overseers, and he was not in any way reflecting on the overseers. He might say, how- ever, that he intended to take certain action with refer- ence to the assessments after he had considered the figures. Mr. Hallows said there was a feeling outside that Mr. Westbrook was on the right track. • The matter then dropped.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRAM FARE.

Parish Council Take Action.

A special meeting of the Stockton Heath Parish Council was held In the ;National Schools on Thursday niaht. Mr. J. H. Clarke occupied the chair, and there were present, Messrs. Pearson, Whitley, Bouchier, Fairhurst, H. J. Westbrook, Warburton, Pilling and Hallows.

----.-. At the outset the Chairman read the following letter from the Town Clerk of Warrington :—ln reply to your letter of the 30th ult. I have to inform you that the Town Council have confirmed the recommendation of the Tramways Committee that the fare between ftylands-street and Victoria-square shall be lid. With regard to the resolution contained in your letter I have to remind you that the offer to fix the "fares within the parish as far as practicable at the same mileage rate as in the borough" was contained in my letter to you of September 8, 1900. That, with other , proposals which the Corporation offered in that letter, was made with the object of inducing the Parish Coun- cil to support the Corporation in their application for the order. The terms submitted by the Corporation were not accepted, and the Parish Council thought fit to oppose the application for the order, and relied upon , the Cheshire County Council and the Board of Trade to , get their demands conceded. All the conditions the Board of Trade thought fit to grant to theCountyCoun- , cii are contained in the Order itself and the Parish , Council must now rely upon these conditions. The Chairman, dealing with the letter, said the Coun- cil had been assured before the order was obtained that there would be no greater charge in the fares up to : 1 Victoria Square than a penny, provided that the tram- ways were paving. The Parish Council asked for the 1 roads to be widened and they offered to widen them. If , they (the Parish Council) disagreed in some minor things those were the fund unental conditions. He (the chairman) accepted the Town Clerk's word. There were several members of the Parish Council who dis- agreed at that time, and said that whatever was done it should he put in writing. (Applause.) Mr. H. J. Westbrook said it was to be regretted that the question as to the "assurance" which had been referred to involved a personal matter with the Town Clerk, who he had always found ready to listen to the views of the other side on this question and to meet them so far as consistently could be done.having regard to his position. At the same time he thought the Town Clerk had forgotten the circumstances, and was some- what confused in his collection of what had really taken place. Personally he did not doubt but that there had been a misunderstanding and they had only themselves to blame for implicity relying on anyone's word and not insisting on the matter being put down in black and white. Many people believed that the matter of the penny fare would settle itself, that was to say that the Stockton Heath people could se avoid the use of the trams as not only to escape the additional halfpenny fare but also to decrease the revenue on the penny stage. This was not a pleasant position to take up and the question was whether the Council itself could do anything with regard to what they contended was a distinct breach of faith on the part of Warrington The provision in the order for an application to the Board of Trade for a revision of the fares did not operate until the expiration of three years from the opening of the railway and by that time the three-half- penny fare would of course be a matter of history. He feared that they ass Council could not usefully do any- thing but the individual public could do everything. There was a matter however which the imposition of the three-halfpenny fare had brought into prominence, and that was the question of cheap fares for the labouring classes. Mr. Westbrook quoted the clause in the order referring to the matter, and said that the minimum fare for the labouring artisan class was fixed at a halfpenny a mile or a frac- tion thereof. The distance between Rylands-street and Victoria-square was 11 furlongs so that the fare for the class mentioned would be one penny all the way. (Hear, hear.) Not a word had been said, judging from the newspaper reports, in the Borough Council about the ' cheap fares, and he thought it was the duty of the Parish Council on bekalf of the class of ratepayers referred to, to see that the Corporation fulfilled the obligations placedupon them by the order. (Hear, hear.). Mr. Bouchier and Mr. Hallows followed in support of the remarks of Mr. Westbrook and it was resolved that the clerk should write to the Town Clerk of Warrington and enquire what, if any provision had been or was being made to comply with the terms of the Order with reference to cheap fares for the labouring classes.

Death of a Well Known Farmer. Hany of our readers will regret to learn of the death of Mr. Stephen Dean, Poplars' Farm, Orford, who passed away on Thursday morning at the age of seventy. The deceased gentleman was one of the best known farmers in the district. For many years he carried on the business of a farrier, but when the Veterinary Surgeons Act came into operation he failed to avail himself of its provilons within the prescribed time. He had, however, continued to render valuable assistance to farmers, and was held in high esteem. He was a regular attender at the Warrington Market and a familiar figure at the Corn Exchange. A member of the Wesleyan denomination, he worshipped at Padpte Chapel, and was a member of the Society. His continual exposure to varied weather conditions in the discharge of his work resulted in an attack of bronchitis, which proved fatal. He leaves a widow ) and three sons.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL EDUCATION.

PRIZES AND CERTIFICATES

DISTRIBUTED AT THE PARR HALL.

Speech by Vice-Chancellor Hopkinson.

THE FUTURE OF THE GRAMMAR SCHOOL

The Parr Hall was the scene of an interesting and largely-attended gathering on Thursday evening when I Vice-Chancellor Hopkinson, K.C., M.A., L.L.D., Victoria University, Manchester, distributed the prizes and certificates gained by the students at the School of Aft, Secondary School and Pupil Teachers' classes, and the Technical Institute. It is evident that these important branches of the Education Com- mittee's work are making gratifying progress, and the meeting had been looked forward to with considerable pleasure. Prior to the speech-making an enjoyable organ recital was given by Mr. W. H. Payton, Mae. Bac. and was much appreciated. The proceedings were presided over by Mr. F. Monks, J.P. (chairman of the Education Com- mittee) who was supported on the platform by Vice- Chancellor Hopkinson, Mr. Robert Pierpoint, M.P., the Revs. Morley Stevenson, N. Wilson, and H. A. Lester,Aldermen Bennett and Smethurst, Councillors I Fulton Smith, Ellison, and Craik, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, IJ. D. Buckton, J. Upson, H. Kingdon, G. Walker, E. Plinston, T. May, J. Moore Murray (secretary and director), E. S. A. Robson (principal of the Secondary School), and members of the teaching staffs. The 1 successful students occupied seats on the platform gallery. 1 THE FUTURE OF THE GRAMMAR SCHOOL. I The CIIUMAN said he had given several addresses lon the question of education lately, and he did not intend to weary his hearers that night, but he wished to give what was practically an announcement. The Education Committee had no intention of interfering with any existing educational institution in this town. He referred to the Grammar School. The object of the Committee was to co-ordinats education, so that every youth who had got the will, the energy and the brain power should have the' opportunity of being thoroughly well educated from the bottom to the top, and then leave him or her to make the best use of the knowledge they had acquired in their future course of life. That was the object of the Education Committee. They had no wish to interfere whatever with any existing institution, and they hoped that the Governors of the Grammar School would soon put themselves in line with, what he might call, the stream of education in Warrington so as to bring the Grammar School into the posidon which it ought to hold, and which he hoped it would hold very shortly. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19050121_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
TEIE SCHOOL OF ART.

The Director then road the annual report on the I School of Art as follows :—The work of this school during the session under review compares very favour-- ably with the previous years. The number of students in the day classes increased by 136, whilst the number of evening students was less by 42. The total number of students was 250, or an increase on all classes of 1 students of 19. The change in the number of day and evening students was due to the re-organization of the training of pupil teachers. At the beginning of the session pupil teachers began to attend at fixed times in the day instead of in the evening as hitherto, and the classes were arranged to meet their requirements. The results of this re-oreanization are to be seen in the increase in the percentage of successes at the examinations of the Board of Education in those subjects taken by pupil teachers. In blackboard draw- ing the percentage increased from 61 to 87, and in free- hand from 27 to 83. If the work of the school is judged by the result of the Art examinations, great progress has been made, the percentage of successes having increased from 45 to 65. By a consideration of the results of the individual sub- jects it will be found that the students have concen- trated their efforts on fewer subjects and apparently made greater progress. This is further borne out by the " Honours ' list. Last year there were no "Honours," but this year the works of Paul W. Brunt, Lilian M. Carnson, Harry Sherburn, and Edith L. Smith, submitted for the art class teacher's certificate, were accepted by the Board of Education. Miss Lilian N. Carnson was awarded a prize for her work, and, in addi- tion to these, Mr. Thomas B. Whitby was awarded a free studentship by the Board of Education. la the sum er of 1903 the assistant art mistress resigned, and Ifr. George S. Pendlebury was appointed assistant art master. In addition to the school of art proper, the staff have been responsible for the art instruction to the scholars in the secondary school. Viea-Ghancallor Hopkinson then handed awards to the following School of Act students :—Emait Ather- ton, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard ; Annie Bowyer, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard ad 1 certificate in hygiene • Clara Broadhurst, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard; Winifred H. Cann, 1 certificate in model drawing ' • Arthur Clare, 2 certifi- cates in freehand and model drawing; Frances H. Cor- coran, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard ; Annie Daintith, 5 certificates in model and drawing on the blackboard; Gertrude Delaney,lcertiticate in draw- ing on the blackboard; Charles B Dendy, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard; Margaret Edgar, 1 certificate in light and shade drawing : Helena Ford, 1 certificate in light and shade drawing and 1. in hygiene ; Henry A. Gandy, 2 certificates in freehand drawing in outline and geometrical drawing ; Mary M. Gandy, 1 certificate in light and shade drawing • Alice B. Green 1 certificate in drawing on the blackbo ird : Gertrude Jones, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard and 1 in hygiene : Mary J. Keleher, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard; Katharine L. Kettle, 2 certificates in light and shade and model drawing ; Isabella Marshall, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard and 1 in hygiene ; Edgar fVfassey, 1 certificate in freehand drawing in out- line; Marion Oldfield, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard and 1 in hygiene ; Gladys E. I. Parsonage, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard ad 1 in hygiene; J. E. Pearson, 3 certificates. 1 in light and shade, lin model and 1 in freehand drawing; Sarah Rigby, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard and 1 in hy•ione • Eva P Taylor, 1 certificate in model 1 drawing; Lacy Travis, 2 certificates in drawing on the blackboard and model drawing and 1 in hygiene; Annie Walker, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard and 1 in hygiene; Mabel Walker, 1 certificate in geometrical drawing an 1 1 in hygiene; Frances M. Waring, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard ; Thomas B. Whitby, 4 certificates, 1 in light and shade, lin memory drawing of plant forma. 1 in design and 1 in freehand drawing in outline; Margaret Whittle, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard; May Whittle, 1 certificate in drawing on the blackboard and 1 in hygiene; Summersgill B. I. Wilde, 1 certificate in Free- hand drawing in outline •, Paul W. Brunt, 2 certificates in freehand drawing and light and shade and 3 books; Dobson T. Clarke, 4 cortific ut,es, I in fre .haad drawing. 1 in model, lin geometric 11 drmwing and 1 in light and shade, also 2 books; John Clarke, 3 books; John Etnett, 1 certificate in model drawing and 2 books Agnes E. Richardson, 2 certificates in geometrical drawing and drawing on the blackboard, 3 books ; Peter Marron, 1 book (given as p:ize for Design for poster").

===== 0002601_19050121_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SECONDARY SCHOOL.

The report on the work of this school was submitted as follows :—At the beginning of the Session the whole system of the training of pupil teachers had been revised in such a manner that, unless immedilte steps were taken, the supply of local teachers would cease. It would consequently be necessary to compete with other authorities in order to find teachers for the 'elementary schools, and, at the same time, shut out the boys and girls of Warrington from the te tching profession unless they went out of the town for their instruction. The committee, to meet this clifficalty. established the Secondary school in the Technical Institute which was then only being used for the pupil teachers and the cookery centre. ?tr. A. Gow, 8.A., B.Sc., was appointed head master with an efficient staff, most of whom were trained teachers and graduates of some University. An entrance examination w‘s held in September, 1903, and 128 students were enrolled in the school, together with 18 preparatory pupil teachers and 91 pupil teachers. The establishment of the school has been fully justified as there are now more applicants for admission than can be accommodated. Little can be said of the school at present. That there are the essentials of success has recently been shown by the spirit displayed by the staff and scholars in organising successfully a bazaar, the result of which will enable the scholars to fit out their recreation ground. The grants obtained from the Board of Education were exceptionally good for the first year, and the Board of Education has reported that " the school has made a very successful beginning.

JUST TNT RODIJCED.

QZAWFORD'S GOLDEN BUTTER BISCUITS.

The first year's worl . has been thoroughly antis • factory, and a distinctly good standard has been attained in all classes." During the year, the school has lost the services of Mr. Gow and the Chemistry Master, and in the place of the former Mr. E. S. A. Robson, M.Sc., was appointed. The head master wishes it to be known that he is glad to wel, come the parents of the children at thp school, and will always be willing to place himself at their service, as it is only by the co-operation of the parents, teachers, and children, that the school can produce its bast educa- tional, moral, and social results. The following students then received prizes : FORM I: Jessie Ashcroft, needlework, 2 books; Margaret A. G. Ashton, let class prize, mathematics,and science, 6 books; Robert Cnadwick, drawing, box of drawing instruments ; Muriel H. GallonPrench,l book; Hilda Gee, English, 1 book; Kathleen Hankinson, 2nd class prize, 2 books ; Frederick Loveladv, best progress and woodwork, 2 books; Stanley T. Norton, drawing, box of drawing instruments; James H. Simcock,science, 1 books ; Dorothy H. Tongue, history and geography, 2 book; Gladys N. Turton, writing, 2 books ; Jessie Upson, French, 1 book. FORM II: Sarah H. Clarke, history and geography, 3 books ; Annie Dallow, writing, 3 books ; Kate Daven- port, best progress, 2 books ; Lucy M. Fawcett, Ist class prize, drawing and science, 5 books ; William I Houghton, woodwork, 2 books ; Dorh thy N. Johnson and class prize, mathematics and English, 4 books; May 1 Kirby, 2nd class prize, and needlework, 3 books; Annie Upson, French, 1 book. FORM III: Gertrude Atherton,neellework, 1 book; Arthur H. Clarke, drawing, box of drawing instruments; Arthur Hainswarth, science, box of drawing instru- ments ; Edith N. Isaac, 2nd class prize, mathematics, and French, 5 books; Fred Jolley, woodwork, 1 book, 3 set-squares and 1 protractor; Marion Price, writing, 2 books ; Elsie N. Swaine, Ist class prize, English, history and geography, 5 books. Fonat IV : Annie Bell, best progress, 2 books; Ethel Bunch, writing, 2 books ; Francis J. Corney, science, 3 books ; Stanley Jones, 2nd class prize and English, 1 book, and 2 set squares, and Thornton's agineering Scales ; Lattice \Warburton, French and needlework, 2 books.

_ PREPARATORY PUpIL TEACHERS : Beatrice Antrobus, English, 2 books ; Lilian Atkinson, French, 3 books ; Edith Crosby, writing, 2 hooks ; Gertrude Farrell, drawing, 2 books; Edward Niee, 2nd class prize, 2 books; Maggie Simcock, best progress. French, history and geography, 2 books ; Gertrude Singleton,lst class prize and mathematics, 6 books. PUPIL TEACHERS "A" : Elsie Gandy, English, 4 books and certificate ; John Groake, bast progress, 1 certificate in drawing on blackboard and 2 books ; Gladys Hankinson, Ist class prize historyand geography' 2 books and 1 certificate ; Edith Harrison, writing, 3 books and 1 certificate; William H. Houghton, 2nd class prize and science, 3 art certificates and 2 books; Margaret Miller, needlework, 3 books. Pam, TEACHERS "B" : Nellie Ditchfield, needle- work, 1 art certificate and 1 book; Ethel Dunn, writing, 1 book ; Edith Townley, science, 2 books ; Elizabeth Wadsworth, 2nd class prize, best progress, and mathe- matics. 5 books and certificate and hygiene; Jessie Ward, Ist class prize, English, history and geography, 4 books, and box of drawing instruments.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.

The Director read the report for the technical in- stitute as follows :—As usual, ta year opened with a large number of changes in the staff, but this year they were exceptional ; Ir. A. Gow being appoinled head master of the Secondary school and 'Principal of the Technical Institute, whilst the new staff of the school were engaged in teaching in the Technical classes. This arrangement assured a treater interest in the successes and welfare of the students, as, naturally when a teacher's whole interests are centred in on& building, greater efficienoy must result than when their interests are dispersed over different schools and towns. Two important changes were made in the organisation of the school. Students ware admitted to the classes on condition that they satisfied the teachers that they were fully prepared to under- take the work, and the classes were arranged in groups or courses to most the necessities of the apprentices engaged in the more important trades in the Borough.! It is yet too early to judge of the emend of these arrangements but there can be no doubt that the quality 1 of the students was considerably improved, and their regular attendance MIA most marked. The examination results show an increased number of first classes in the 11 advanced stages, whilst three students gained "honours" 1 in inorganic chemistry, four students gained "honours" 1 Ira plumbing, one student gained the teachers' certificate for woodwork, one student gained the sixth place in the Lancashire and Cheshire examination in arithmetic, and one student gained a distinction in cookery. The per- centage of successes was greater in each of the groups of Science, Technology, and Commerce. During the year the evening continuation schools have been brought into closer touch with the technical classes. The oommittee feel that as a remit of the year's work they have made some progress towards the co-ordination of education in the Borough. Facilities now exist for every boy and girl in the town to be educated to a hid:et-point than hitherto. Boys and girls may pass from the elementary schools to the secondary school, or if circumstances will not allow them to stay at school after they are 13 or 14 years of age -:.hey nen pass into the evening schools and then on to the Technical Institute and School of Art. The scheme, however, is incomplete as the connection between the elementary schools and the evening schools requiries strengthening and the Committee are not without hopes that they will he able to devise a method by which boys and girl leaving the elementary schools will immediately continue their education at the Even- ing schools, and so be well prepared to enter the Technical School to obtai n'a the retir ii riwlslge of their daily work. Nothing can be said at present about the Grammar school but the Conimittee hopes that it will fall into the general scheme and occupy that posi- tion which is its by right of long continued and useful service to the town.

Vice-Chancellor Elopkinson then presented the prizes as tollows:

_ JiiesH. Carpenter, 1 certificate in workshop arith- metic; James George, 2 certificates, 1 in workshop arithmetic and 1 in plumbers' work; Alfred Holloway, I certificate in workshon arithmetic; Jennie Johnson, 1 certificate in dressmaking; Eva NI. Rirk, and Elizabeth A. Lloyd, 2 certificates in practical cookery and principles of cookery; Sydney Mosey, 2 certificates, 1 in woodwork and 1 in building construction; Annie Roberts and Marie Rowlands, 1 certificate in dress- making; Sarah Ann Taker. 2 certifloatos in practical cookery and principles of cookery; Frank E. Bowcock, 2 certificates, l in machine construction, and mathe- matics: Elizabeth Cooke, 2 certificates, 1 in inorganic chemistry (theoretical) and 1 in practical; John Fuller, 1 certificate in machine construction; Alban A. Kilduff, 1 certificate in machine-construction ; Frank R. Lowe. 1 certificate in inorganic chemistry ; Arthur H. O'Brien, 2 certificates in inorganic chemistry (theory and practical); Thorn ts Perks, 2 certificates in steam and mathematics: Walter Thorpe, 1 certificate in inorganic chemistry; Thomas Wicks, 3 certificates, 1 in theoretical mechanics, 1 in machine construction, and 1 in mathematics; Naboth Williams, 2 certificates in magnetism and electricity, and inorganic chemistry; Josenh Wilson, 1 certificate in mathematics; Ernest A. A. Clayton. 1 certificate in leather tanning; Norman Niel& 1 certificate in iron and steel and 1 in chemistry; James H Unsworth, George Travis, Harold V. Lea, Robert West, and Joseph ‘Voodward, certificates in plumbers' work; Mary E. Austin, commercial course, 4

books; Herbert Bradshaw, commercial course, 2 books and 2 certificates; William B. Cobb, plumbing, boa of drawing instruments and 1 certifictte; Alfred Darby. shire, commercial, 4 books and 1 certificate: William Evans, electrical, I book and I certificate; George E. Greaves, commercial, 3 books and 1 certificate; Ernest Hall. building, 2 books and 2 certificates; Arthur Hughes,plinnbing,l book and box of drawing instruments; Howell F. Jones, tanning, 1 book and 1 certificate; Lily Kirby, acting teachers', I book and 2 certificates Thomas Malona,buildink,lbook and 3 certificates; Frank Newell, electrical, 1 certificate and slife rule ; Harold Parker, chemica!, 4 books and 1 certificate ; William H. Pickles, commercial, 1 book ; George T. R'shton, en- gineering, 1 book and certificate ; William J. Sharpies, plumbing, 3 books 2 notebooks 3 certificates ; Reginald H. Smith, tanning. 2 books and cartificste : Jacob W. Suensley,engineering, 2 books and certificate ; John H. , Wilclortn, prelimintry,3 books Rai certificate ; Thomas A. Wilkinson. ensineering, 1 book and 1 certificate; Lucy Will iams,acting teachers'2 books and I certificate; Eveline Wood, commercial, 3 books and certificate ; Albert Wright, preliminary, 2 books and drawing pen and certificate. VICE-CHANCELLOR HOPKINSON'S ADDRESS. THE NEED FOR CULTURE AMONG ALL CLASSES. PRACTICAL TEACHING ENCOURAGED. • Vice-Chancellor HOPKINSON, who was very cordially received, said he would like first to express his thanks to those members of the staff who had enabled them with such celerity and comfort to dispose of the pleasantest part of the evening, that on his part of handing the prizes, and on the part of the successful scholars of receiving them. (Applause.) Then ho would like to express his hearty congratulations, as he had not been able to do so individually, to those who had been successful in gaining certificates and prizes, and to express the wish that what they had received might be only the beginning landmark in their course—a course which might lead to many future successes, and what was much more important, to the beginning of doing good work in the world. (Applause.) Perhaps most of all—and that appealed to one personally, he would like to express specially his congratulations to the parents whose children had been succcessful, because if it was pleasant to win successes oneself, it was distinctly more pleasant to feel that the next generation for which they were responsible was winning successes, and he was sure he could give the parents his most sympathetic and hearty congratulations. (Applause.) With regard to the unsuccessful students, his vmptthies lay a great deal in that quarter. He thought it was Lowell, the American writer, whose works he had had the pleasure of handing to one or two students, whe said that whatever successes in life they might achieve, they would probably find that there was somebody else who had not won any re- ward, who had not gained any fame, but who richly deserved success even more than the successful ones themselves. (Applause.) He did not mean to say any-

thing so absurd as that those who were unsuccessful were usually better than the successful—that would be a falsehood. But he did say that there were some unsucoessful who richly deserved success. From his own experience, which perhaps they might think was becoming very long indeed, he could say that they would find in after-life that if they were working for the sake of the work itself, they would probably, whether they succeeded or failed, I not be entirely disappointed. If, on the other hand, their eyes were mainly on the reward, it was long odds that they would be disappointed. Some men and women would succeed at least as much as they deserved, I possibly not as much or more than they expected, but as a rule they found that probably the hardest and best work they did would not receive very much recognition. Was it not a good thing to have somewhere about them apiece of work which they looked back to as having accomplished, and which they joyed in the fact of having accomplished, and for which they had never had any I recognition of any kind whatever? (Applause). That I was the kind of thing of which people ought to be I proud. On the other hand, he could say for his part that little bits of easy work he had done had sometimes recelved so much kindly recognition that he had almost been ashamed of himself, because there had not been something more worthy of the praise which that: kind of work had gained. Now he was in a little difficulty, for he had been saying that day that he thought the time had come when speeches on education ought.to cease, and above all, when conferences on education ought to cease— (laughter)—and that when anybody made a speech on education in a promiscuous and general way—and he would offer the suggestion to their member of Parlia- ment whom he was glad to see present—he should be liable to fourteen days without the option of a fine if the speech exceeded ten minutes duration. (Loud laughter.) Anyone who was guilty of being an accessory to the fact, and was even more guilty than the one who had been seduced into making a speech should have a calendar month, and with regard to those who promoted conferences on education that ought to be a criminal conspiracy, and above all without the benefit of clergy. (Laughter and applause) To speak candidly, he was there because the Rev Morley Stevenson asked him, and his experience led him to think that those were not very well-conditioned people who refused a request of Mr. Stevenson's. (Applause.) Occupying as he did, the position of being the nominal head of a large University at their own doors, he felt it his d ity and pleasure to make an acquaintance with the work which was going on in whatshe might call his educational diocese—that was the district within rn oder ate range of the University— (Applause)—and, above all, to assure those who were working,—the teachers, the members of local education committees who gave so much unrernunerative labour to the public cause, the parents and scholars—that they were engaged in one great forward movement. Let it be known that they all had certain ideals which they were going to place before them, and that although they were not going to talk of those ideals every day when they ought to be engaged in practical work, they had something towards which they aimed, and they meant to march forward as hard-working teachers, dili- gent scholars.self-sacrificing parents,and also as business nen who would spend their time unstintedly in the work- ing out of business details. There was a great deal of truth in what one of his colleagues said : " What we want most of all in all our work is to do it 10 per cent better if we ean." If they all made up their minds to that endeavour they would make progress very soon. Here in Warrington they had established the work of their Education Committee. He believed it would be found that differences which divided men very much on questions of politics, religion, and many other subjects sank into insignificance comparatively for the time being. He did not mean to say that those questions were not of vital importance in themselves, but at all events, when they were engaged in common work with common objects they could see that those differences for the time being were irrelevant, and they could work together with a single eye to promote the public good in the particular direction in which the effor:s of such a committee were aimed. (Applause.) Two principles which were of the utmost importance had, he believed, been recognized in the work of the Warrington Com- mittee. The first was that they recognized the fact that although they might have made up their minds to promote the progress of education, so far as was con- sistent with that aim they meant to do it economically. He believed there was a risk at the present time of some , re-action, owing to the additional burdens which had been rapidly placed on the people. They must lea,rn that it was necessary to make sacrifices of time and money if the next generation was to be properly educated, but he did not think it was at all an unwise course which had induced them in Warrington to use their large and 1 splendid building to its utmost capacity, in the day- time for pupil teachers' centre and secondary school, and in the evening for technical instruction. Whether I that was a permanent arrangement or not he did not I know, but what he thought they ought to look at was to get from such buildings and equipment as they had the very utmost output, to work them to their fullest capacity, always remembering that an efficient staff was the first requirement of all educational progress. (A.polaus 3.) They might, he believed, have good educational progress in a school conducted in a shed behind a haystack, but they could not have that progress in the finest equipped building they could imagine, unless they had a thoroughly com- petent staff, and nnless the members of it were pre- vented from being constantly in a state of anxiety with regard to their own private concern. (Applause.) Alluding to the educational ladder the speller observed that it had been said that they wanted to open the door for the poorest from the eretnentary school to the University. There was a truth in that, but that truth was sometimes pushed too far. 119 trusted that among those to whom he had had the pleasure of deliver- ing prizes, there might be some who would , come to the Uaiversity in Nlincheater, who I would show by the SlileeSSOS they achieved there, and by the work they did that they were thankful I for the advantages which had been placed at their 'disposal in Warrington. We could not, however, shut our eyes to the fact that those were and must inevit- ably be a small minority. We could not fix our whole educational system with regard to those who would come to the Universities. (Hear, hear.) We must recognize the fact that a large number from the time of completing their elementary school education must go to the work of earning their daily bread. He hoped all engaged in educational work would remember that education ought not and must not cease with the public elementary school, for any class of thd population. (Applouse.) And here he was not referring to the educa- tion wuich the practical life of man, pr eperly lived, must inevitably give. We wanted our continuation schools and technical classes, and he wis not one of those who, for tno:nent. affected to despise those practical subjects of domestic economy which, he was glad to say, were taught in the Warrington Technical schools, and which, assuming them to be well taught, were amongst most useful subjects to which education could be directed. (Applause). Those who thought of nothing but litera- ture and 'science, and forgot the necessity of learning cookery and dressmaking had a very great deal to learn. "(Applause.) For his own part, he believed that not even the wildest national extravagance of the most lavish of Governments was liable for so much national waste, whether in the energy of the people or in actual hard cash. as the deficient cookery. which existed among helthought, he might say, the majority of the people of this country. (Applause.) He thought we ought to have in all evening ctasses a special training which would fit men and women for their own special work in life. He did not mean to say they could replace the work or the workshop, the counting house, or the home by what could be t mght in evening classes. What they could do was to make the mind more ready to receive new impressions under new conditions, and to make the workman or anyone else more adaptable to new conditions under which they might be placed, by teaching the principles of which practical work was best. They might extend the usefulness of the classes by teaching not merely the subjects which related to industry and the work which people did primarily to earn their daily bread, but by doing all they could to awaken an interest in science, literature and history among all classes of the community. We were now a people demo erotically governed. He believed it was of vital import- ance that we should cultivate amongst all classes of our people from the earliest age the kind of spirit which looked beyond our own immediate time and place and widened the horizon of view that which was sometimes called culture. That class of education was, he thought, open to all, and from nothing had he derived more encouragement since undertaking educational work in the North Of England, then the conference hold the other day in Manchester of representatives of trade and co-operative societies, when the representatives of those huge bodies of workingmen came and said: "What can your universi- ties do for us to satisfy this desire of ours ?—not a I n• • , estre to go up a ladder which will rnake us leave the class to which we belong, not to turn Us from being workingmen into being something else, nor, on the other hand, even to make us more efficient for the pur- pose of earning our daily bread in the workshop, but to give us that which will give us a broader outlook in life, that which will employ the whole of our mental energies and make us broader-minded, stronger, and better men." The extent of that demand was the most hopeful educational sign in the country at the present time. In regard to secondary education he was glad they in Warrington were going on the lines of recogniz- ing the work done by existing institutions by helping them within the new sphere of their work—supplement, ing rather than supplanting the work done by existing institutions. It was in regard to secondary schools that the English system of education had been most deficient. He hoped that they would soon have within the range of the pockets of a large portion of the parents in every large town, a thoroughly good school both for boys and girls at reasonably low fees, and to which a fewcould be taken with scholarships, and that the school would be filled by the children of parents who were willing to make a certain sacrifice in order to keep theirchildren longer at school. There he thought they would find that they would get rid of the great problem of English education in huge centres of population existing in various parts of the country— that of parents Naho could not afford to send their chil- dreriawn.v in order to'continue their education up to the age of 16, 17, or even 18 years. 'They would probably have a great deal of time and thought to devote to their work in the future, but they could look forward to being replaced before very long long by a generation better instructed than themselves.

B

What they wanted to learn perhaps most of all were the things they did not like. He believed that when they had learned to do that without grumbline, because the work was there to be dorm, they had made the best kind of progress, and they were stimulated by the work which became a pleasure. They should learn to do what was disagreeable, and byand by they would find that attacking difficulties almost became a habit of mind, and that was one of the things in moral education which he thought ought to be inculcated to the advan- tage of all scholars. The calling of the teacher was one which might be obscure and unknown but it was for the progress of the world, and it was the glorious task of trying to ensure that the next generation should be better instructed, more capable, and have higher ideals than that which had gone before. (Applause.) ALDERMAN BENNETT AND IDEALS. Alderman BENNETT pleiposed a vote of thanks to Vice- Chancellor Hopkinson for his instruction address that night: His very presence, said Alderman Bennett, was an inspiration and the address which they had listened to was one which they would not forget for a long time to come. They wished to take their peeper place in connection with the great neighbouring Universities of Manchester and Liverpool, their local Oxford and Cambridge if he might so term them, and they would not be satisfied until their local education system was more closely in touch with those institutions. They had listened that night to very stimulating advice from a man who could speak with authority. He was parti- cularly struck with the breadth which characterised the address. He sometimes thought from his short experi- ence in connection with education that they were apt to be overweighted with mere machinery, and he must confess that it had been surprising to find how much absolutely necessary detail there was. By this mass of detail there was a danger that they should overlook the larger ideals for which really education authorities came into existence. If they took to heart the words uttered so eloquently that night, they would never do that. Vice-Chancellor Hopkinson had held the standard high before them. It was pleasant to see their young friends come forward in such numbers to receive the beautiful books and many felt that education would lead to other prizes and possibly the attainmect of wealth. That,however,was not the real object. It was to set before them the highest object and the only I object worthy of striving for, that of doing good work in the world. He hoped in future they would set themselves an even higher ideal and do even better work than they had ever done before. (Applause.) MR. ROBSON AND SECONDARY EDUCATION. Mr. E. S. A. ROBSON, on behalf of the staff and pupils ; at the Technical Institute present that night, seconded the vote of thanks. In considering the question of secondary education, it seemed to him to form is pivot on which the whole scheme of education revolved. If he might borrow a simile from the football field, he might say it formed the half-back line. On the one hand, it stimulated the elementary school and on the other hand,it was a feeder to those higher educational institu- tions such as the Training College, the University and the Institution of Technology. Another point which had been considered as a very important factor in the success of secondary education was the idea of a con- cordat between the governors and the managers of Technical Institutions and the local employers of labour. (Hear, hear.) He thought on the one hand that Technical Institutions should turn out pupils who during their period of training should have constantly borne in mind the future commercial application of their knowledge, and, on the other hand, the employer of labour should take advantage of the technical institute and give every opportunity for progress and rapid advancement to the students. Such a scheme was in operati on in the United States and Germany and it was one which he thought might be tried with great success in the County Borough of Warrington. As to the Secondary school. of War- rington and the local Universities, he could hardly help thinking that they were like two rival lovers who were seeking the hand of a fair maiden, represented by the education authority of Warrington. (Laughter.) He could assure the Vice-Chancellor for the maiden ' who had been wooed that the impression he had given that night had been a most excellent one—(laughter and applause)—and when the time came and the delicate negotiations for some affili- ation scheme between their school and the Universities, that excellent impression would be fully borne in mind (Applause). He was glad to see the emphasis which the Vice Chancellor pat on the importance of manual train- ing, domestic work and woodwork. In connection with this, he would like to draw their attention to the remarks made last week by the Bishop of Manchester to the effect that such a scheme if carried out might offer possibly a solution for that thorny and difficult problem—the problem of the unemployed. (Applause). The motion was cordially carried and Vice Chanzellor Hopkinson briefly thanked the audience and wished every success to the educational institutions of the town in the future.‘ THE CHAIRMAN THANKED. The REV. MORLEY STEVENSON proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Monks for presiding. He said he did not think that anyone present could have witnessed the pro- ceedings that evening, without realising to some extent at all events the very multiple conditions under I which the Education Committee of Warrington had to work. They had heard that night, the reports of the S3hool of Art, the Secondary School, the pupil teachers' centre and the Technical School,and they might have heard, if the conditions had favoured it of elementary schools and the evening schools. All these branches of education came under the management of the Education Committee, and it meant a great amount *' of work, and to keep the reins of that Committee in his' hands required that tee chairman should be very skilful. 7he chairman had not only to be master of the details of the various education agencies of the town, but he had to drive the Education Committee itself, and of course the Education Committee was as multiple as the agencies it managed. Some represented education, some' represented the town, some represented the teachcrsi, some represented certain institutions, and ell represented the ratepayers. Mr. Stevenson proceeded to refer tie; the various schools, and (continuing) he said when they, thought of all those things, they would see that the ' gentleman to whom they entrusted the chairmanship of the committee had no easy task. He could, however, ' bear witness to the courtesy, the firmness and skill with, which he had performs' his duties, and that vote he thought should be thanks also for his work in the capacity of chairman of the committee. (Applause). Councillor J. FOLTON SMITH seconded and said that Mr. Stevenson had not said too much about Mr.)lonks."‘ The Chairman as they all knew had a large business to look after, but still he had been able to devote a very great,' proportion of his time to the multifarious duties con- nected with the position of chairman of the Education Committee. (Applause). They could not be under sa better ruler that Mr. Monks was. The enthusiam with which he entered into every question which came before- the Committee was•beiag felt all over the town. The teachers seem to have risen to their opportunity in al way which manifested itself by the excellent reports' which had been received from the Government Inspec- tors in regard to their teaching. The discipline of the school depended largely on the amount of confidence placed in the assistant teachers. The tone of the school' depended upon the headmaster himself and his person- ality, and the prevailing influence which would make 1 the success of the school was that the children shoulr admireand love their teachers,because the child who had not any reverence for his teacher would not learn from him. He was sure that they would all agree with him that when they were under the guidance of Mr. Monks, he had such a personality and such an influence both over the committee and the teachers, that he merited,,` their warmest thanks. (Applause.) The motion was passed unanimously. Mr. Mooncs in reply said it was always easy to drive a willing team that was always ready for the collar, and he could say that as far as ha could judge, ecluene tionists were all of one spirit, and that was to do the best they could in the interests of education at the least cost consistent with efficiency. Whatever success they might have attained arose from the faot that they had a most devoted committee who did the wor in the very best possible way they could. He did not mean that they made no mistakes, but they made the fewest they possibly could. (Applause). The proceedings closed with the singing of the National Anthem.

Padgate Wesleyan Sunday School. The scholars attending this school had their annual tea and entertainment on Friday and a successful gathering it proved. Tea was served at four o'clock, after which games were indulged in until seven o'clock, when the entertainment commenced in the presence of a good andienoe. A long programme was gone through, the proceedings not terminating until after ten o'clock. A chorus, "0 come, beloved," by eight roicec,was very sweetly rendered. Master R. MacColtom delighted the audience by his singing, "The horse the Missus dries the clothes on" and " The old bachelor," while Master Harry Griffiths creditably rendered " Jack's the lad." A. cantata entitled "The old woman wko lived in a shoe " was a very pleasing feature, the old dame being well im- personated by Miss Ada Egerton. A. diologue, "The Volunteers," was well performed, Percy Egerton making a capital sergeant. The room was darkened for a series of tableaux in which 50.... e pretty settings were seen—that of " Good-night " at the conclusion being particularly good. Recitations were given by Lilian Poyey, Hilda Lister, Arthur Page, Ernest Paple, Annie Shepherd, Joseph Monks, and May Daw- son. During an interval the Rev. Joseph Manning presented the prizes, which consisted of a large num- ber of handsome books, to those who had been most • regular and attentive during the past year. .111ach child, on leaving the room, was presented with an orange. The children were traiaed for he concert by the Misses Jessie, Mary, and Lily Ward,L.Brough, and Andrews, and Messrs. Plinston and Cowen.

Local Will. Mr. James Ward, of Rixton, who died on the 13th December, left gross estate valued at £1,517, with net personality a:636- Probate has been granted to his nephew Mr. John Warsley, farmer, of Northern Etchells.

,

~ •

, ..,

, •

'4;C: . .

I

===== 0002601_19050121_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA INCREASING

The Influenza Epidemic is again spreading over the country. The visitation of a very prostrating nature, and the disease is certainly on the increase. The origin of the disease or rather the circumstances which bring it about is as much a mystery as ever. You cannot trifle with Influenza. It undermines the Nervents System to a greater extent than almost any other disease and it is Pneumonia that kills, and Pneumonia strikes the man who imagines he has only a mild form of Influenza, and can go about the street just as usual. It can hardly be doubted tbat the prevalence of Chest and,Lung Complaints must be ascribed to the baneful influence of Influenza, whose after-effects so frequently take this form. It was a bad day for this Country when this malignant scourge first visited our shores. Year after year it has never since Sailed to revive at its due time, and to extort its tribute of human life. Having obseltved its ravages, and its dreadful effects upon the constitution on the occasion of its former visits, we cannot but regard its recurrence with much fear, as a great many have not yet, if they ever will, remain their former health. As a Preventative, we know ofnothing equal to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. A few strong doses taken in time have often proved effectual in warding off attacks of this Malady, and always succeed in mitigating their severity when a patient is under their influence. Do you suffer from Chills, alternating with Sudden Flushes, Severe Head- ache, accompanied by difficulty in breathing, and symptoms of Catarrh, Pains in the Chest, under and between the Shoulders, and a stiffness and soreness of the Muscles, Loss of Appetite and Nervousness. If you suffer from any of these symptoms, know that they are the forerunners of Influenza, and it behoves you to resort at once to a course of Gwilyrn Evans' Quinine Bitters. By common consent Patients every- where admit that they feel more depressed and miserable after an attack of Influenza than while under its influence, vid more than they feel after an attack of any other illness. The best way to banish these miserable feel; igs is to take Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. We can strongly and confidently recommend this Preparation, as it has I treated severe cases of Influenza, Heavy Colds,Extreme Weakness, and Langour, with greater success than any other known remedy. We may also add that as a remedy for Indigestion,Sleeplessness,Low Spirits, Nervousness, and Loss of Appetite. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters stands unequalled. It is sold in bottles 2s. 91 and 4s. 91, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or snit dire J, carriage free, for the above prices, by the Sole Proprietors : Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Cunpany, Limited, Llanellv, South Wales. Avoid Imitations. See the name "'Gwilym Evans" on Label Stamp and Bottle.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

DRUNK IN COURT. James Harris and Mary Harris, 15, Pierpoint-street appeared before the Warrington magistrates on Monday to answer a charge of neglecting their five children.! They were both,it was stated,under the influence of drink, ! and the woman was declared by therhiefiConstable to be unfit to plead.—Mr. Browne prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., and said the case had been under supervision for about two years, and there had, in turn, been improvements and retrogression. Now, the defendants were regularly so helplessly drunk that it was utterly! impossible for the children to be allowed to stay with them any longer.—Mr. William Smith,superinten- dent of insurance, and who for some years ha, worked among the poor in the neighbourhood of All Saints' Mission, said he had had the defendants in hand for six years. They were both equally bad in their con- duct. On Boxing Day witness saw the man in a beastly state of drunkenness and took him home. On entering the house he found the wife lying drunk across the hearthrug, anol the wonder was that her hair had not caught fire, as it was very near the grate. The hou,3 was in a filthy state, and the children were left to the mercy of anyone.—Mrs. Slater, defendants' next door neighbour, said defendants were drunk three or four times a week. On one occasion, one of the children, who had been ill, was turned out with only one shoe and stocking on, while another was barefoot.—The woman became very noisy in Court, and the magistrates decided to remand both defendants in custody for a week. CBE 1P BEER—ME AN TRICK NE AR WA RRINGTON. I At the County Petty Sessions on Wednesday, Patrick! Higgins, farm labourer, of Rixton, was charged with obtaining by means of a trick four glasses of beer value! fid, the property of Thomas Caldwell Rigby, landlord of the" Black Swan " Hotel, Rixton, on January 14th. He pleaded guilty.—The landlord stated that on the day in question prisoner came into the house in company, with three other companions. He supplied them with eight pints of beer fo: which the right money was paid. Four more glasses were ordered and under the impression that the coin tendered was a shilling, he placed it in the draw. it proved to be an advertising check. Another order WAS given and a piece of gilded metal advertising cigarettes, was pre- sented for money. He detected it, and gave informa- tion to the police. Witness suffered from short sighted- ness.—P.C. Smith stated that when he searched the prisoner he found a number of similiar cheques in his pockets.—Prisoner said he only paused them for a bit of fun.—The magistrates thought it was a very mean trick, and a fine of 10s. and costs was imposed. NEWSBOYS ROB A CHARITY Box. Before Mr. John Fairclough and other magistrates at the Warrington Borough Police Court on Thursday, Peter Collins, aged 9 and Thomas Collins aged 13,news- boys, residing at 4, Stoney-yard, off Bank-street were charged with having stolen a box containing 25., the property of the Poor Children's Society from the Central Hotel, Horsernarket-street,on Wednesday night. The facts of the case were to the effect that the boy Peter was seen by the licencee (Mr. Berry) warming his hands in front of the fire in the smoke-room. Shortly afterwards he disappeared, and Mr. Berry then missed the box. He went after the boy and caught him as he was leaving the premises with the box in his possession. The boy told him that his elder brother who was outside had arranged with him to steal the box.— Superintendent Monaghan said the boys had practically no home, and were neglected. The elder boy had been previously convicted of theft, and he was afraid if they were not separated he would lead the younger brother astray. The magistrates ordered Peter to receive six strokes with the birch, and to be detained in the cells until evening. The elder boy Thomas was sent to a reformatory school for five years.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Police Court.

Minor Cases.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst. Corucillor Wilkinson, Messrs. Burgess,

—...--.—. Piling, Hayward, Wright, Thornton and W. Roberts: I POLICEMAN Ass AULTED. —AI bert Snelson, 10, Birchal 1- street was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Dial-street on Saturday night, and with assaulting Police-constable Hughes.—The officer stated that about half-past six on Saturday night he saw the prisoner, in company with some other young men, drunk and jostling people off the footpath. He refused to go . home, and when being taken into custody he kicked ; witness several times, and struck him. lie had to be taken to the police station in a cab.—A fine of 10s. and 1 costs was imposed.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Scalded to Daath.

Mr. S. Brighouse, County Coroner, held an inquest at the Pol_ce Stati,m on Wednesdax, touching the death of Jessie Carter, agod 11 months, daughter of John James Carter, coachman, 0, Paradise Place.-- Drge Caley, decaased's uncle, stated that on Thurs day nigsbt, the 12th inst., he was in the kitchen a Carter's House. He filled a cup with boding water for the purpose of shaving and placed it on the table He then went into the back kitchen, and during his absence, which was only for a few seconds, deceased' who had been sitting on the hearthrug, got up and Pulled the table cloth, causing the cup to tilt over. The water fell on the child's face and neck, and she was very severely scalded. The mother applied oil and Dr. Smith was sent for and attended the dee eased until her death on Sunday.--A verdict of " Acci dontal Death" was returned, the jury expressing sy mpatlay with the relatives.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
"STRATEGY TRIUMPHANT."

By Thomas Saunders.

AIMIOR OF:—" Sir ArchihAd's Opponent," "The MIA Woman of Dre9tone Re3tory,"

There were two things I was noted for in our little town of Kirby. They were —my unlimited auda-3ity, and a remarkable resemb' Ince I possessed to the Earl of Kirby, the representative of the aristocracy in our neighbourhood. Of course I could not be reaware of these two facts, for our town being only a small one, everything and everybody were known to each other. For several weeks before the Coronation of King Edward the seventh, that event was the subject of all the conversation. Every day I could hear my fellow- clerks discussing their plans for seeing the paaee it. I, too, would Faye spoken of my plans had fnot bean recently spending a lot of money on some glass houses I had put up on a bit of ground round about our house. It wanted just three days to Coronation morning. In our office the talk was going on 89 11911 V and I v beginning to be reconciled to the thought that I was the only one of eight clerks who would not see the show. Somehow or other it leaked out in the course of the morning, that the L-trl of Kirby had sprained his ankle the day before,hilst viewing with his agent some pardy-built villas on his estate. The fact seemed to suggest a whole host of thoughts to me: but I wisely kept them to myself. I knew that his Lordship would have already made his arrangements for viewing the historic function in the Abbey among the the Peers of the Realm. I knew, as well, that he would not only be agitated by the vain from his injured foot, but that he would be literally mad with vexation that it should have happened now. No wonder that the thoughts which I welcomed to my mind that afternoon should cause me to make several wrong calculations in the work I had in hand. That night I ate my evening meal without speaking a solitary word to my wife. She wondered ; but 11, aew that as T stared at the pattern of the paper on the wall opposite to me, 1 was planning out something in which, if I were successful, I should be able to crow over every clerk in our °face. After the meal was over I took ray hat and stick and strolled off in the direction of Kirby castle. I learned afterwards that my wife secretly sent my eldest boy to watch my doings,thinking heransiety, that a suicidal tendency was upon me. Arriving at the noble .ntranc 3 to his Lordship's park passed in, saluting, as I did so, the aged lodgekeeper who stood leisurely by. Passing up the great flight of steps whieh led to the entrance of the hall, I gave one strong pull at the bell and waited, impatiently and nervously screwing the ends of my moustache to very fine points. A moment only passed, and I was handing in my card to the attendant who stood before me, and asking for art interview with his Lordship. At first I was informed that it was impossible to see him,owing to his accident ; but after stating that my business was most important, word came down that I might be shown up to him. I was shown into a most comfortable room, where the Earl reclined in an easy chair, nursing the injured foot on a small stool in front of him Turning his head towards me as I entered,he enquired the business which was so important that it brought me even to the sick chamber. _ _ .

Now! knew that if I told him straightforwardly the busine,:; which had brought me, I should fail in my purpose. I relied on my resources, and began the pre- liminary yarn which was lead up to the all-importb.nt business.

You must know that the Earl and I were about the same age. When we were both about fourteen years old, I had been the means of saving his life. This is how it happened. One day I was passing along the lane which skirted the estate of his father, the old Earl, when suddenly I heard the noise of a horse's hoofs behind me. I don't know what impelled me to tutu round before the horse got up to me, but I did so, and saw that it was rider- less. I saw, as well, that as it galloped towards me it dragged something along with it. As it came nearer, I perceived tint it was its rider who was being dragged along by the stirrup. It was only the work of a minute for me to shout and put up my arms in front of it. This made the horse rear up, and as it did so, I jumped at its bridle and secured it. I found the rider to be the present Earl, then a lad of fourteen like myself. He was badly knocked about, but undoubtedly he would have been killed had he been dragged much further. As it was I saved his life, aid he there and then made a vow that if ever I needed help I should have it, and it should be given me freely. It was the mempry of this which prompted me to interview him • rind as •I now stood before him, I reminded him of his promise, and claimed his halo. He remembered it all, and seemed quite willing to redeem his promise, only waiting for me to state the manner in which he could help rue. He was not pre- pared thoughlfor what I had determined to ask. As I stated my business,—that I had come to ask for the loan of his Coronation robes and coronet, together with his ticket of admission to the Abbey—l thought he would have collapsed. He looked at rue as though he saw in me a victim of malignant smallpox, or as though I were a desperate burglar standing before him. After a moment or two he seemed to resover some what and thus I got a chance of showing him that what I asked was not as preposterous as it seemed. I pointed out that as he could not use these things for the occasion himself, owing to his a-mident it would h 3 a pity for the opportunity of taking his place to be thrown away: and that the strong resem- blance which I bore to him would secure me against detection. Then I made the most aecessary statement of all, namely, that I would give my word of honour that everything should be returned to him safely. At laqt I thought I saw sigrs of him wavering, and, putting in all I knew, as a last plea, I was gratified to hear him say I might have them on the conditions that I retcrned them safely, and ti at I came and gave him a descriptive account of all the proceedings. This readily nrornised to do, and T left the cl'arnber delighted. Whatever strange thoughts my wife had before of my sanity, she now seemed to have made up mind that she was correct in her suppositions; for as I entered the house and placed the gorgeous robes belonging to the Earl of Kirby in a safe pla-as, and secured the coronet within the precincts of my little safe, she seemed thunderstruck.

I said not a word vet, for I wanted everthing to ha perfectly secret. If I failed,no one should know of the aGempt. If I succeeded, it was nother matter alto- gether. I had secured from Lord Kirby • all the necessary iaformation about cabs and hotel. My plan was to , impersonate the Earl, and thus secure a seat at the I historic function in the Abbey. The evening before the Coronation arrived and found me with every detail arranged. Punctually at 7.45 my train drew up at St. Pancras Station. Hailing' a cab, I gave the cabby instructions to drive me to my hotel, which I had chosen far enough away from the haunts of the aristoc- racy. I had only one travelling bag, and no one dreamed that it coatained the necessm y adjuncts of a real Peer of the Realm. Aftar some refreshment in my apart men:, I beihn to overhaul the borrowed plumage. First I put on the long flowing robes, and looked at myself in the glass. Yes, there I was, every inch a Peer! Then I I took up the coronet, placed it on my head, and again surveyed myself in the mirror. Yes, everything seemed all right, but—there was too much brilliancy about the coronet. I took it off and looked at it I thought as ' much. Lord Kirby was no better than anyone else. nstn lad of the re-al thing it was only an imitation. And I - , yet, how could I expect that he would trust me, a com- parative stranger, with the coronet, if it was the real thing. But no matter; it would evidently have done service for the real Earl, if he had bcm well enough to attend; so I a spuriouS Earl, could not grumble if a part of my credentials were spurious too. On Coronation morning I awoke blithe and happy. One of the first things I did was to examine all my , credentials, and make sure that nothing was missing to • pass me off as a Pear of the Realm. I About half an hour before the proper time, I arrived at the Peers' entrance to the Abbey in ma ordinary four- wheeler. As cabby jumped off the box and openc I the , cab door, he seemed amazed. I had entircl the cab as an ordinary individual with a travellinp bag. I was ' emerging attired as a Peer of the Realm 1. don't know what he was about to say, for just 59 he opened his mouth to speak, I whisp Ned into his ear my arrange- ments for returning to my hotel. Then I commenced to walk in a dignified wanner towards the door where Lord Kirby said 1 wrg to enter. Like the cabman, those in charge of this entrance, seemed to look upon meas a strange individual if not as an imposter. But as soon as I presented my ticket of admission signed by the Earl Marshall himsalf, this look of incredulity disappeared and I was allowed to entar, with probably the only thought ca^t after me that I

Towards evening I gathered together the borrowed articles of the Earl o: Kirby, and wended my way towards the Castle. This time I was ushered in with more respect than before, for the servants seemeo to understand that I wa.s on visiting terms with the Earl. As I entered the room where the Earl sat, I saw that his foot must be con- siderably better for he was laughing to himself. I supposed, as he caught sight of me, that he was laughing over the fun of my aeventure,even before I had related anything to him. Sit down, my dear fellow, and tell me all." I accepted his invitation and remarked that I had brought back all his property in perfect order. "I knew you would, or I would never have lent them to you; and now, pray, go on with your story." began my narrative, and put in my best efforts to make it interesting. Net a detailed was missed. I even lent additional colour to some things, in my zeal to interest the Earl. When I got to that portion where the old Pear came upon the scene, he ,aughed uproar- ously and T was afraid he would break a blood vessel : but he didn't. " Why, man," said he, "it must have been the Marquis of Mendon, the old schoolfellow of my father's. And didhe really say you were a chip off the old block ? Just like him. Go on with your story." I went on again, telling him of my excuse to get rid of the old roan, by limping and feigaing great pain as we emerged from the Abbey. He laughed louder than ever. Just when his laughter was at its highest, I heard another suppressed laugh from the direction of a screen at the farther end of the room. • Simultaneously with tbo laugh I saw the screen move and to my amazement, or, , stepped from its shadow the old Marquis himself. There he was, like Lord Kirby doubled up with laughing. Now I began to see what cur.:Nl the Earl's excessive laughter. I knew my narra- tive was of sufficient interest to cause some little fun, but I had not thought it possessed the merit of bring- ing forth such a great amount of merriment. Now I saw it all. .

To help me somewhat in my deductior the Earl began to tell me all that had happened after I left him. When I visited the Castle on the first occasion I had not been gone many minutes when his father's old friend the Marquis of Mendon, called on him and learned for the first time of his accident. Toe Earl told him of my visit, and my remarkable request. The Ma-qd;s W. 19 astounded at my presumption, but being a man %Nilo wig always fond of fim he fancied he saw in the incidentthe element of a good joke. Together they planned the rest arranging that the old man should hurry back in time to hear the account of my adventure. And there they were. A Marquis, an Earl, sad a common clerk. could not help laughing myself, for their merriment was infectious. t last,when they were getting over it some- what, I began to think that I, a common clerk, should begin to show some signs of leaving such exalted com- pany and betake myself to ray proper sphere. Just as I was about to say something to that effect, and move towards the door, the old Marquis steppcd up to me, and, placing his hand on my shoulder, said: " My dear fellow, f want a private secretary ; I have I been so pleased with your adventure, and your display of resource, that, if you'll agree, I'll engage you at a ' handsome salary." Needless to say, I agreed ; and when I went home to my wife, instead of her thinking I had a suicidal ten- dency, she told me that she had always thought I had a greater amount of brains than most people, and that now she was sure of it.

FIRST Dl%lsxoN.

It is really high time that some definite decision be made concerning the side upon which traffic is to over- take these tram cars. Common sense suggests the near side, since by passing on the off side, there is always the danger of encountering another car proceeding from the opposite direction. It seems. however, that there is no absolute rule upon the subject, so that, from a legal standpoint, the tram should be overtaken on its off side in the same manner as other and steerable traffic.

It is a thousand pities that motor 'bus service was not seriously attempted sooner than has been the case. Had this been done and vehicles proved successful,there is no doubt that we should have been spared the present outiageous condition of many of our main roads which are cut up by the train lines, constituting, as they do,a continual menace to the safety of the public. The • average electric tramcar travels a great deal too fast, considering that it is unable to get out of the way of I any other vehicle. The speed allowed varies from ten • to twelve miles an hour, according to the district ; but actual timing experiments show that the average speed I generally works out at something between sixteen and I eighteen miles per hour. Mr. Moffat Ford drew public attention to the subjc 3t, about eighteen months ago when he summoned four drivers of electric cars for ex- ceeding their legal speed limit and the police should see to it that this limit is not exceeded. Such vigilaece would be better directed than in being employed, as it too frequently is, in trapping motorists over deserted stretches of country roads.

Motorists who understand their engines and are duly careful of the mechanism cannot understand the inexcni- able and apparently limitless ignorance of many who own and Ste sr—one cannot say "drive "—expensi'Ve and valuable gars solely by virtue of having paid the neces- sary five shillings for a license. To them the construe- “on of the wonderful piece of mechanism they think they control is a sealed mystery : and they are quite content to allow it to remain so. We have just be3n show a a pair of gear wheels which have been in use barely three weeks, and the teeth are so cut and chipped t'at they are now quite useless. It is not a case of soft matm ial hang bc3n used ; they have simply been haclui to pi. 3es by careless gear-changing. As the driver still s ma to be undecided in his own mind whether he should de-clutch before or after shifting the change-speed lever, the condition of the pinions is not remarkable.

One would have supposed that a grown and presum- ably intelligent person would have wanted to know eloritly what happened to the mechanism when that lever was moved. Having satisfied himself upon this point, it should then have been as instinctive to him to de-clut^'. before attempting to change speed as it is to a cyclist to back-pedal when he wants to slow-up. People used to talk about" leak aing" to back-pedal. They might as well have advised learning to breathe, or to put one foot before the other when desiring to walk. In the rime way there should rellly be no learning the vse of a clutch pedal oneo its function has been grasped

The fact of the matter is there are many persons who ought not to be allowed the luxury of a csr. Invin- cible ignorance cannot control a motor,and so, one day, the ex' ,cted happens. This does not perhaps matter very greatly es far as the owner is concernc 1, for the patt3rn of the ordinary fool was standardised long ago and Nature turns it out by the gross; but it is lament- able to think of delieste and expensive mechenism being de -t royed.

•. The Examiner, Saturday, January 21) 1905• _ was an eccentric sort of Peer: Arrived in the Abbey, I ASSOMATION FOOTBALL. I ENCE NOTE S AND was shown to the place I was to occupy as an Earl among the Peers. Up to this point I thought Ih .1 done GLEANINGS. splendidly. In the distance I could see plainly Lle out- - line of the Coronation chair. Netrer, and to my right, Goals I I could see the seats allotted to the representatives of P. W. L. D. For Agst Pt.. Foreign Powers. Already they had begun to arrive, Warrington Albions and I was beginning to look upon tblngs with the Lymm 9 4 3 2 18 12 10 interest of a schoolboy. Crostields Just at this moment the seat directly in front of me Warrington St. Mary's was taken up by a pompous sort of individual, another Stockton Heath Earl, or probably a Duke—for all I knew. Earlestown Y.M.C.A. As he was about to sit down, he caught sight Of my Latchford Britannia face, and holding out his hand to me, exclaimed. " Ah, Thelwall 8 1 5 2 6 14 4 Kirby ; glad to see you. Heard you had sprained your Orford Barracks aukle and would not be able to attend, glad to see it SECOND DIVISION. is not as bad as was made out ; how's the Countess and Stockton Heath Res the Hon. ' Jimmy.' " Albion Res. Just imagine inc feelings on hearing these rapid re- Vulcan a .F.C. . marks from the old idiot in front of me. With all my Christ Church nonchalance, I would have welcomed extinction to Warrington Central escape this ordeal. This was an aspect of the affair St. Barnabas l4 4 5 5 22 22 13 which had never occurred to me before,and I knew full *Daresbury well that if I was not very careful I should make a Widnes St. Paul's ll 4 4 3 18 26 11 mistake, and probably expose myself. Widnes St. Ambrose Gathering all my wits together, and taking advantage Penketh A.F.O 9 2 5 1 11 23 7 of the old Peer's interest in something which was Crostlelds Res. p ssina in the Common's gallery, I whispered that Warrington St. Mary's Res l3 210 I 10 46 5 everybody was well, but that my foot gave me a lot of *Warrington St. Paul's l5 1 9 5 22 48 5 pain, and made me disinclined to talk. , * Two points deducted for playing ineligible men. This was the worst thing I could have done. In- stantly the old aristocrat began a whispered category FIRST DIVISION. of recipes for easing the pain and taking down the Results for Saturday:— swelling in my foot. Stockton Heath 0, Albions 5. But at last he turned away, for his neighbour in front St. Mary's 2. Thelwall 0 began a conversation with him. I felt i elieved, but it Britannia 2, Lymm 2. was only for a moment, for the old man was deter- SECOND Div ISION. mined to fasten himself upon me. I St. Barnabas' 2, Warrington St. Paul's 2. " What do you think of the slap in the face which we Daresbury 1, Central 1. have given those beastly Radicals over the Education Christ Cnurch 4, St. Mary's Reserves 1. Bill, Kirby? Don't you think they deserved it ? Always Albion Reserves 1, Stockton Heath Reserves 1. taunting us with the fact of our majority being un- Vulcen 10, Widnes St. Paul's 0. workable; but we've shown them that it's a lie, a Matches for To-day:— deuced lie, Kirby, a deuced lie "! FIRST DIVISION. Of course I acquiesced, adding that I thought they Britannia v. Orford Barracks, referee, J. Lloyd. should all be at the bottom of the sea. This pleased Stockton Heath v. Crosfield's, referee, F. Clegg. the old man, and again he returned to the attack. Lymm v. Thelwall. "And I'll tell you another thing, Kirby; the sooner SECOND DIN .SION. we kick some of those idiotic Irishmen out of the Warrington St. Paul's v. Penketh, refer( 3, W. House, the better." Nicholson. Again I agreed with him, but it was adding fuel to Widnes St. Ambrose v. Central, referee, J. Mather. the fire. Daresbuly v. St. Bamabas'. referee, C. Taylor. "I say, Kirby, how did you go on with those tenants Crosfleld's Reserves v. Stockton Heath Reserves, of yours, did you give in to them or kick them off the referee, C. S. Hughes. . estate?" , Christ Church v. Widnes St. Paul's, referee, J. Walker "Ki Aced them off the estate "I said in desperation; WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. at the same time wishing that with one huge kick I IsIRST DIVISION. could land the old man from where he sat right on to WARRINGTON Sr. MARY'S V. THALWALL. the organ loft,—or anywhere else out of my way. "Bravo , Those teams met on the ground of the former on Just aC that moment there was a movement among q my boy. A chip of the old block. A--." , ... Aurday. TV home team at once got on the attack, the foreign representatives, for the envoy of the Kaiser Mather just putting the ball outside. The pressure was was about to take his place. My old tormentor was maintained until Kite cleared. Thelwall retaliated, and when Griffiths was about to shoot, Salisbury robbed interested, and to my relief he left me alone. Already him, and clear( 1. Srekey got going for the Saints,and the perspiration was running down my back from the weight of my robes and the agitation I had endured put in a splendid centre, but the opportunity to score while under fire from the old Peer. My interest in all was lost. Thelwall got to the other end, and were con- that was passing was somewhat marred by the thought tincally haressing the home custodian until Salisbury that probably ray new friend, the old Peer would fasten cleared. The "Saints" came away with great determira- himself on me as we left the Abbey. 1 tion, and Marley score 4 with a good shot. Half-time: But the King wisabout to undergo the ceremony of St. Mary's, one goal; Thelwall, nil. Re-staidng, the crowning and, come what might afterwards, for the pre- home t• ,m pressed, but Kite kept them out splendidly. The visitors retaliate(' end were getting dangerous, sent, at any rate, I would have all the privileges to which my exalted position entitled me. 1 when Sal,sbui j nipped in, and got the ball away. The ' I watched and saw it all. The ma home team, with good play by the front rank,' got to solemnity of the scene overawed me andgnificence and for Once I the other end, and tleough some misrnderstanding by , the visiting backs, the ball was put through. This began to realise the fascination which an exalted pod- tion has for those beneath it. livened Thelwall up, a shot, but Turner saved. and they got to the other e But everything has an end, and with the end of the end and Gr en had Result: St. Mails, two goals; Thelwall, nil. ceremony came back my fears of discovery through the SECOND DIVISION. kindly but irritating attentions of the old Peer. As I : A,BION RESERVE V. STOCKTON HEATH RESERVE. Played on the Albions ground on Saturday. Millard anticipated, he would have rattled on again with his r, , unwelcome prattle, if I had not uttered a suppressed ' won the toss for the home team, and chose to play with groan or tw .), and assumed a very awkward limp as I the wind. There tt..s no score at half time. Re-starting rose to walk frem the Abbey. the Albions gave the visiting backs corsiderable trouble Reaching the exit I began to wonder if ray troubles but they got the ball away, and nc at passing by the would be inert sed by my cabby being prevented from taking his position among the gorgeous carriages ..siting forwards ended in Grainger scoring. The game of the other Peers. I had not thought of that before from this point was interesting, the Albion forwards i epeatedly bombarding the,visitors' goal. In trying to but my fears were groundless for thertd he stood with a clear the visit' ig half backs kicked the ball over the face as dignified as any of the other liveried coachmen. lii a and from the corner kick Whitfield headed the ball Whether or no he had conjured up visions of increased • pay, through finding out that he had been driving a 1 into the net. The final score WF" one gc J each. Peer of the Coronation, I cannot say; certainly he was there, displaying the usual "sang froid" of a London I cabby. I jumped in unceremoniously enough, considering my ! position and the occasion; but then I wanted to feel I Yet another accident due to:the unsteerable tram car, secure from detection. Cabby was not long in arriving is reported. Three persons have been more or less at my hotel, and I got out, this time without carsing seriously injured and a fourth has been badly brulsed him any surprise. He quite expected that I should and is also suffering from shock. emerge once more an ordinary individual, for he had : . carefully seen to it that my bag was left in the cab for me. Paying him an additional fare beyond the ordinary, I dismissed him, and hurried up to my room to laugh and think over my adventure. On the following day I took the train home, and chuckling to myself, entered the little garden in front 1 of ray house. t could see by the pallor of my wife's face that she had had an anxious time. She had wondered chat I was doing in my absence, but like a dutiful wife had trusted to my usual luck to come out of it all ri&ht whatever it might be. After some refreshment, 81 told her all, and together we had a good laugh over it. "But what would you have done had the old Peer found out your identity?" "Don't know; can't say; but he didn't find out, so it doesn't matter."

SC

Tim risk of being struck by lightning is five times greater in the country than in cities.

POIILTRY manure is very rich in all the fertilising elements, but especially so in nitrogen.

A Nag glass, described by M. Emile Touchet, is very transparent to invisible chemical rays. In simultaneous photographs of part of the constella- tion Lyra, a lens of this glass shewed 819 stars, while one of ordinary Jena glass shewed but 351.

Arsenic is übiquitous, says Science Siftings. It is found in our organism; indeed, all our organs contain some arsenic, which we eliminate when we cut our nails and hair, both of which contain con- siderable quantities of arsenic.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
DUR

+v„

he Brains and A measure devi

Sinews of the N ;loped and sustained by a sound,

,tion

7e diet.

'9S

• are in a grea ....,und, pin , , - etardarlt, o "•xPt - -.46, ~ , t ..7's- -.,,J ~,'' ,SLt lil Tiroqiww.- .. r— -, %,:, 0: !..,......,... ~. • _ I- , MOM , r ..!,k . tr., 1 I Ih. 11111.1111 t COCOA , • , 4A% I .444111111111111, Wm. 4 , ~. ..11' Ifillialih'' --. IS ABSOLUTELY PURE, A PERFECT FOOD for BODY and BRAIN. oillapili : , ' TItI CIVIL SERVICE GAZETTE says : "Cadbury's REDUCED PRICES Cocoa is unequalled. .It is essentially the food beverage for strenuous workers.' cop7dydiLifE sa7s: "Cadbutryd: Creoce n.a builds up (.111fail II h yl. 1 THE MEDIGYAT7frARGV7VmEensesys "For strength, 1111&-.. ___...,,•001.i1n.'... likinissmer- 'l."' ---7 2d. purity, and nourishment, there is nothing superior to and other ' be found." I . ..... .. _ _ _ _ ----„,....„_........„.........„........______....,..________r .. ......... . , r _ , .

===== 0002601_19050121_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
- AN UNJUSTIFIED VISIT. DAMAGES AGAINST N.S.P.C.C. 1 SPEC FOR AND POLICEMAN.

At the Darlington County Court, on Wednesday Judge Templer awarded a quarryman and his wife .£5O, with costs on the higher scale, against a local inspector of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children and a police officer for unlawfully entering the plaintiff's house to see if their children were well- cared for. The vicar of the parish said that there was no justification for the visit of the officers, and his Honour, in giving judgment, severely criticised the action of the dole ihnts

===== 0002601_19050121_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE TIME TO COME.

When the transformation of cities by electric power and light is completed, we may expect the air to be practically as pure as that of the country. It is estimated that the carbonic acid exhaled yearly by the people of a city of 2,000,000 is about 450,000 tons, but that this is less than 3 I,er cent, of that from fuel combustion.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY STARS TWINKLE.

Stars twinkle on account of their light reaching us through variously heated and moving currents of air. Hence much twinkling of the stars foretells bad weather, because it denotes that there are various aerial currents of different temperatures and densities, producing atmospheric disturbance.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
COLOUR BLINDNESS.

The most common form of colour blindness is an inability to distinguish red. In one year-1904 thirty-four officers and would-be officers of the British mercsntile marine service failed on their colour tests, twenty-three being red-blind, and the remainder unable to distinguish green. The 4,600 candidates for certificates were also submitted to the fora vision tests, and twenty-two of them failed to distinguish the form of the object sub. mitted.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
LIFE ON THE MOON.

Professor Max Haushofer, of the University of Berlin, believes that life, animal and vegetable, is not •xtinct on the moon. Water probably existi underground, and the last of the Selenites may dwell in pits, craters, and caverns, fly or move by means of wings, and live upon worms. They dare not face the sunlight as we do, and their eyes are like those of bats or owls. It would be interesting to know their ideas about ourselves.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
WINDS AND THE TEMPERATURE.

In an article on the "Temperature of the Mr,* which Mr. William Marriott, secretary of the Royal Meteorological Society, contributes to Knowlea'fie as the first of a series on "Practical Meteorology," is a summary of the effects of the prevailing winds of Great Britain on the temperature: N. winds depress the temperature throughout the year. N.E. winds do the same, except in summer, when their effect is small.

E. winds lower the temperature very much in winter, and generally raise it in summer. S.E. winds do nearly the same, but less markedly in winter.

S. winds raise the temperature much in winter, but scarcely affect it in summer. S.W. winds do nearly the same. W. winds decidedly raise the temperature in winter, and lower it in summer.

N.W. winds lower the temperature generally, but most in summer.

ALUMINIUM AND PLATING.

Aluminium does not readily lend itself to plating, because the plated metal tends quickly to scale off, and the defect has been attributed to the micro- scopically thin film of oxide which forms on the surface of the aluminium. One method of dealing with the metal is to immerse it in soluble fluorides, together with some free hydrofluoric acid; and thus not only to remove the oxide film, but to prepare the surface of the aluminium for the reception of a plate of other metal by roughening its surface. The aluminium is then quickly rinsed and immersed in a bath of zinc and aluminium sulphates, and while in the bath a film of zinc is deposited on it by the ordinary methods of electro- plating. Other metals may now be plated on the zinc. An electrolytic film of gold will, however, disapear in the zinc, so that if it is required to give a gold plating to the aluminium-zinc surface it must further be coated with copper.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
FOG-DISPERSION. EQUIPMENTS.

The first recorded experiments tending towards the scientific dispersion of fog, smoke, and fumes were made by Professor Tyndall in 1870, who found that when dust-laden air came in contact with a hot body, such as a candle or red-hot poker, a space was instantly cleared of the foreign articles. Ten years later, Lord Rayleigh turned his attention to the problem, and, by substituting a lamp of ice for the hot poker, found that the temperature of the ice caused a dust-free space to be formed, the dark plane of which was bordered by bright fringes of dusty air of great sharpness. Here the experi- ments rested, remarks a popular scientific con- temporary, until 1863. when Professors Lodge and Clarke, after numerous tOsts, concluded that there emanated from the hot or cold body a molecular bombardment which drove the dust away from it. Accordingly, Sir Oliver Lodge decided to make a practical test of the dispersion of fog by electricity. 'To accomplish this task an insulated wire was led from the laboratory of the Birmingham University to a Hag-staff on the roof. The wire terminated in a number of fine points, and as widely separated as possible. The base of the wire was connected to the positive pole of a high-tension electric machine. The opposite or complementary pole was laid to the earth, the system resembling very much a send- ing-off station for wireless telegraphy. When a dense fog had enveloped the building with a cloak so thick that the eye could scarcely penetrate it for more than a foot or two, the professor and his colleagues mounted the roof. On a given signal the electrical energy was literally poured from the elevated points into the surrounding fog. The result was as successful as it was astounding. The fog cleared away in the immediate vicinity of the points, leaving a space absolutely clear.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SUN'S RADIANT HEAT.

It is interesting to read some of the actual calculations made by Professor Poynting as to the real solar temperature. The method used was gimplicity itself, though peculiarly difficult in practice. A well-known law describes the definite relationship that exists between the temperature of a hot body and the heat it radiates. In the case of the sun, therefore, all that has to be done is to measure the heat received by a measured portion of the earth's surface, calculating what fraction this is of the whole surface the sun could heat at the same distance. Proceeding in this way, Dr. Punting arrives at the

ENORMOUS TEMPERATURE Of 11,250.0 deg. F., eight times as far removed from freozing-point as is a bright red furnace. Fortu- nately, says the St. James's Gazette, this figure has been wonderfully closely borne out by a converse method. In this it is shewn that, with the sun at about 11,000.0 deg. F., the average temperature of the earth should be about 7571eg. F.—which is pretty nearly the case. In the same way Mars is found to possess a mean of over 100 deg. of frost, a fact perhaps in itself sufficient to dispel much pro- bability of its being inhabited, at least by "life" such as it is in this world. But these points by no means exhaust the variety of conclusions to be drawn from the fact of the sun's radiant heat. One of the

CHARACTERISTICS OF ETHER WAVES, such as those of light and heat, is that they pro- duce a distinct pressure in the direction they travel. True, in the case of the earth this outward pressure from the sun is barely 70,000 tons, a mere flea-bite compared with th vast gravitational attraction towards the elm. hut imagine the earth reduced in size many thousimi times. This wav9 pressure will diminish far !Imre slowly in propor- tion to the decrease of gravitation, such that a time will come when the two may be in equilibrium or the outward pressure may even be the greater. Slid.' a conclusion has led Dr. Vernon Boys to give a highly ingenious EXPLANATION OF THE COMET'S TAIL.

Fine dust is supposed to be produced by explo- sions in the group of meteors which constitute a comet, and thus, though the meteors themselves may be drawn towards the sun, these dust particles, being small enough for gravitation to be neutralised, would be driven outwards, thus forming the familiar fanlike comet shapes. One might even infer that, speaking geyerallyt, perfect equilibrium being so difficult to maintain, the EMI is ever occupied in clearing its own system by either drawing paiticles to itself or driving them into outer space.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0131.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19050121_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
Y

MOTOR NOTES.

GARDENING ENCOURAGED.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
The Work of the Stockton Heath

!Garden Society.

In encouraging the inhabitants of the village to take a pride in making their gardens as attractive as possible the Stockton Heath Garden Society is fulfilling a use- ful purpose. Satisfactory progress was reported at the Society's annual meeting which was held in the Church Room on Monday evening under the presidency of Mr. C. Plinston.

_ The annual report presented by the honorary secretary (Mr. W. A. Timperley) stated that the society seemed to make satisfactory progress every year. The number of members was 193, as compared with 102 the yea? pre- vious. The annual show was held in August, and was a great success, the exhibits being of a very high order and the number of exhibitors larger. The usual visits to the gentlemen's summer gardens in the district had been well atended, and highly appreciated by all. Several papers had been read during the past year upon various flowers. etc., and a lecture had also been delivered by Mr. Wm. Nield. under the auspices of the Cheshire County Council. There were three more lectures to be given by that gentleman. The attendance at some of the meetings had been very disappointing, He drew their attention to the monthly meeting, and said the object was to keep the members more in touch with one another. (Applause). On the motion of Mr. J. Moore, seconded by Mr. E. Vernon, the report was adopted. Mr. T. R. Westbrook, treasurer, reported that the year commenced with a balance in hand of £3 10s. 7d. The total receipts amounted to £26 6s. 4d. and after paying expenses there was a balance in hand of 7s.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
OFFICIALS ELECTED.

_ On the motion of Mr. J. Ryan seconded by Mr. J. Moore, Mr. Vere B. Davies was unanimously re-elected president. Mr. J. Ryan proposed the re-election of Mr. West- brook, as treasurer for the coming year, Mr. A. Broady seconding. The Treasurer said he had come there with the inten- tion of asking them to relieve him of the office, and he would be pleased to hand over the papers to anyone. The Chairman said they had got every good treasurer and he hoped that Mr. Westbrook would change his decision.

Mr. Westbrook said he had been thinking matters over, and as they had such a small balance in hand, he did not like to leave it. He would therefore accept the position for a further twelve months. (Hear, hear and applause.) Mr. Timperley resigning, it was decided to appoint Mr. Fawcett to the secretaryship. With r`eference to the committee, the Chairman said that at the last meeting it was decided to have an in- crease in the number. He thought it would be desir- able if that was done. The present number was seven. Mr. Ryan said the work of the committee was most required on a show day, and it was the duty of the com- mittee to be there on that day, and help the secretary. During past years there had only been one or two com- mittee men present. After some discussion, it was decided to increase the number to twelve members, and the following were appointed :—Messrs. E. Vernon, J. Ryan,C. Plinston, J. Moore, A. Broad/, W. H. Woodcock. A. J Willett, S, Booth, F. Anslow, T. Eden, W. A. Tirnperley, and F. Timperley.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

PARISH COUNCIL AND COUNTY COUNOIL SCHOLAR- SHIM—A meeting of the Parish Council was held in the Wesleyan Schools on Monday, Mr. Richard Rout- ledge presiding. Messrs. :James Ditchfleld, Isaac Ashcroft, and Mr. E. Foster (clerk) were present. The clerk stated that he had not yet received an acknow- ledgment from Lord Derby or Colonel Pilkington, M.P. in answer to his inquiries re the appointment of a local county magistrate. The Clerk had obtained the cost per lamp for the lighting of Penketh, which was as follows, viz., 19 lamps, £2 2s. 6d. each per annum, and the new lamps recently erected in Sankey road, £3 Bs. These amounts, added to the lamplighter's salary, totalled approximately £7O per annum.—The Chairman alluded to the many scholarships, &c., now open for competition amongst day school scholars, and asked the clerk to inquire whether the press notification was the only method or system the County Council Education Committee or Sub-committee had of advertising them. If so, he thought a recommendation should go from the council, or steps be taken by them to let the parents know the particulars of such scholarships so that their children could be presented for examination. Nowadays they could ill afford to allow anything in the nature of education to slip by, and he advised that they, as a council should take full advantage of everything that presented itself for the benefit of the rising generation lin the village. The suggestion was approved.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SAVINGS BANK.

The sixty-second annual meeting of trustees and managers was held on Tuesday, under the presidency of Mr. J. R. Frith. During the year there had been 4,150 transactions. The deposits totalled £12,218 118. sd. and the withdrawals £12,350 16s. 3d. The amount due to depositors was £41,609 18s. 6d. There was a surplus of assets over liabilities of £l6B ss. 2d. The actuary (Mr. W. Handley), in his report, referred to the com- petition of joint stock commercial banks with savings banks by receiving deposits of Is. and upwards, and suggested that the restriction at present upon savings banks limiting the deposits to £5O annually should be removed. The report was adopted.

This delicious and highly nutritive Food has been used with remarkable success in the rearing of Infants, and by delicate and aged per- sons for many years. It is distinguished by the ease with which it can be digested and absorbed, and is quite different from any other Food obtainable.

Dear Sirs,

I thought I would like to for- ward you the photograph of my son, taken after using your food nine months. He was born a fine child, but -'

- - one circumstances led 'him to be brought up on the bottle. 'We tried several foods, but he `made no progress; in fact, we had the doctor's opinion that at • three months old he was smaller than at the time of birth. Every- thing we gave bun was repeated back again, and he was gradually 'wasting away. The doctor then "ordered ' Benger's Food' as a last " remedy. We immediately ob. rained it, with the result that we "could see he was making flesh "each week. You are at liberty to "make what use of this you please. "Yours obediently,

Benger's Food is sold in Tins by Chemists, &c., everywhere.

(111' "BeTnhgeeßrriS•fisFhOMOdeakh r aalsJbo by its says— , ) . excellence established . "a reputation of " its own." ' 0. . ts: • ••, , ~.•,' ' , z-ikxlC,l , , , -,, i. "fl., ~ ,), .att vit tatt. , ts, "BARNES S.l , , 1 V °all Wi .61tS gc si . 0 6.1 01 0 0 0 il

, • Ag5f.e.,we1k1.1.1,4.;,,,z

===== 0002601_19050121_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
_ Per Car- -1903-4. Mile. d.

1. Power costs :—Fuel, Oil, Waste, Water and Stores, Wages and Salaries, and Repaias and maintenance of Generating Works, Feeders, and Distribut- ing Lines 2. Traffic Costs :—Wages, Stores, Cleaning, Lightning, Tickets, etc. 3. Maintenance and Renewals : Permanent Way, Cars, Build- ings, Sheds and General 4. Management Expenses : Salaries. Rent, Rates and Taxes, Printing & Stationery, Audit Fees, Legal Expenses, Insurance, and Administrative Charges

1,667

Total Operating Costs

===== 0002601_19050121_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

Points. For agst. 16 2 00 78 13 0 3 11 53 68 02 11 0 0 13 13 0 78 90 05 39 30 00 25

Sept-. 3 Leigh away „ 10 Halifax „ 17 Hull „ 24 Bradford Oct. 1 Leeds away „ .8 Runcorn

15 Oldham away 22 Wigan 29 Swinton away 12 Hull Kingston R. 19 Batley 26 Hunslet away 3 Widnes home 10 Salford 17 Broughton Rangers away 24 Wakefield Trinity „ 26 St. Helens „ 31 Leigh home 1905. Jan.

Ng.

Dec.

7 Halifax „ 14 Hull . 21 Bradford 28 Leeds home 4 Runcorn away 11 Oldham home 18 Wigan away 25 Swinton 11 Hull Kingston R. 18 Batley „ 25 Hunslet home April 1 Widnes „ 8 Salford „ 15 Broughton Rangers home „ 21 St. Helens away „ 22 Wakefield Trinity

Fa.

Mar.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRST DIVISION. FIXTURES AND SCORES.

Warrington.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0140.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1904.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

HUNSLET v. RUNCORN. . \ For val ions reasons tbere w: snot a good attendance at

this match at Hunslet. Runcorn were p-oorly represented. 10001BALLEBS will be glad to know that the world it was not long before Hunslet began to press, and famed manufacturers, GEO. G. BUSBEIr d CO., of London turn out Balls, which for quality, uniformity and durability, Runcorn being penalised for a scrummage infringement, are unique. These balls will be distinguished by the appear. Albert Goldthorpe had landed a goal and put his side atm thereon of their well-known trade mark. Ask the log 1 two points ahead before the game was many minutes Sports Dealer for G. G. B. & Co.'s Price List. If not pr - old. This performance was repeated shortly after, and curable, apply to 36 & 38 Queen Victoria et.. London then just before the interval Albert Goldthorpe got Factory —Peckham, S.B. (79) possession and threw the ball right over the centres to I Whiteley on the wing, and he romped over, but Albert

failed ai goal. Half-time :—Hunslet two goals,one try (7 points) ; Runcorn, nil. The first half of the game had been very tame, but things brightened up a little in the second portion, and Runcorn frequently took up the aggressive, and on one of these occasions Jolley dropped a really fine goal. From across-kick by Albert Goldthorpe, Waite: scored a hry. Whiteley's shot at goal striking the upright. This was the closing incident of a somewhat tame and unprofitable game. Result : Flunslet, two goals, two tries (10 points) ; Runcorn, one oal (two points).

===== 0002601_19050121_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION.

NORTHERN LEAGUE.

First Division.

Warrington v. Hull.

This was a popular fixture at Warrington, and 5,000 people attended. The weather was excellent and a fast, exciting game resulted. Hull were short of Taylor, the County full back, and played Jenkins in his place, while Warrington turned out as selected. Mr. Renton of Hunslet was the referee, and the teams were: Warrington: Hallam, full back; Fish, Isherwood, Brookes, and Kenyon, threequarters ; Hockenhall and D. Davies, half backs; Boardman, Preston, Shugars, Belton, Thomas, Jolley, Harmer, and Swift, forwards. Hull: Jenkins, full back; Freear, Cook, Goodfellow and Darcey, threequarters ; Hall and Salt, half backs ; Ritson, Farrel, J. Lewis, Harrison, J. H. Lewis, Rhodes, Kilburn, and Wade, forwards. Warrington lost the toss and started against a strong breeze. Mid-field play ensued for a minute or two, until a long kick carried the game to the Warrington end. Brookes fielded nicely, but allowed Cook to charge the return and a try at the corner was the result. The home team at once forced the pace, and carried play to the Hull hue. Here Hockenhall ran strongly, and parted to Davies, who got over in a good position, Preston kicking a goal. Fine football followed, both sides combining effectively. Freear followed up well once, but Kenyon saved the situation. Hull were hotly attacking when Fish cleverly stole a pass meant for Freear, and put in a superb dodgy run nearly the length of the field. A penalty sent \Warrington back, and Hall securing from the pack, tricked Hallam and scored near the posts. Goodfellow added a goal, and at half-time Hull were leading by 8 points to 5. Restarting, Warrington made good use of the wind, and Jenkins was soon called upon. Isherwood collared him at centre, and Brookes getting the ball at his toes, dribbled right under the posts, Fish placing a goal, and giving Warrington a lead of two points. Vigorous play by both teams followed, but Warrington were mostly on the attack. For some time nothing accrued, but in the last quarter Davies and Isherwood passed across to Fish, who made a dazzling run down touch, beating Freear and Jenkins, and scoring near the posts. The scorer missed an easy goal shot. Just on time fast following up by Hull got the ball past Hallam, and Cook won the race for possession, and scored far out. Good- fellow tried at goal, but missed, and Warrington were returned winners by two goals and three tries (13 points), to Hull one goal and three tries (11 points).

BATLEY v. OLDHAM. At Batley. Playing downhill first half, Oldham monopolised the attack, and after very narrow escapes, Batley's line was crossed by Dixon, Fergusson placing the goal. Batley then went away to the other end, and with a little more care and better judgment a couple of tries at the least should have been scored. At the interval Batley were behind to the extent of live points. The second part opened with a couple of accidents, one to Shackleton and the other to Lewis. The latter proved to be the more seriously damaged, and had to leave the field with a broken collar-bone. Batley failed miserably to rise to the occasion, and tries were scored against them by McLean and Carpenter, Oldham ulti- mately winning by 1 goal 3 tries (11 points), to Batley nil.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS v. SWINTON.

Playing at home, St. Helens had the best of a well- contested game, and won by 5 points to 3. About 4,000 people witnessed the game. With the wind behind them Swinton had rather the better of the exchanges in the opening half, and just before the interval, Wallwork scored an unimproved try for them. On resuming, Swinton became dangerous, but St. Helens tackled well, and Briers dribbling half the length of the field, Both- well got over and equalised. A little later Traynor placed a goal for St. Helens.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
WAKEFIELD TRINITY v. HALIFAX.

At Wakefield, before about 3,000 people. The ground wa.s in a very heavy condition. The visitors were on several occasions penalised for informalities in the scrimmages, and Metcalfe and Newbould each placed a goal. Afterwards the home backs indulged in some pretty passing, which culminated in Emmerson getting over, Metcalfe missing the goal from near the touch- line side. Near the interval Newbould put in a foolish kick, and the ball going to H. Morley, this player got over the line without any opposition, Wedgewood fail- ing at goal. Half-time :—Wakefield, 2 goals I try (7 points) ; Halifax, I try (3 points.) Result :—Wakefield, 3 goafs 1 try (9 points) ; Halifax, I try (3 points.) LEIGH v. BROUGHTON RANGERS.

Visiting Leigh, the Rangers won by a goal and two tries to nil. In the first half, from a cross-kick by Harry, Wilson ran forty yards, and scored for the Rangers, but the try was not improved. Leigh pressed repeatedly in the second half, but had three tries dis- allowed. Nearing the end, the Rangers broke away,and Harry scored, Harris improving. THE REREFEE AND THE CROWD. Feeling ran very high among the Leigh spectators, through Mr. Dance, of Morecambe, the referee, dis- allowing Leigh three apparently fair tries. After the match, policemen and officials, observing the threaten- ing attitude of the crowd, who hooted continuously, escorted the refereree to the pavilion,kept him there an hour, and then distracted the crowd's attention by send- ing men in a cab one way, whilst the referee was hurried across country to a tramcar. SALFORD V. BRADFORD. In fine weather, this interesting match took place at Weaste, in the presence of 6,000 people. From the Salford side Lomas and Thomas were absent. Dribbling and passing between Francis, Turner, Greenwood and Connell resulted in the last-named dashing over at the corner. Mosby failed at goal. A change of hostilities gave Salford their opportunity, and Bedford made honours easy by sooting a try, which Richards did not improve upon. Before the interval a bout of passing between the Bradford backs ended in ,Dechan running in, Marsden's kick being abortive. Half-time :—Brad- ford two tries (6 points), to Salford one try (3 points). On resuming, Bradford attained superiority forward,and Eagers scored a brilliant try, the kick at goa being unsuccessful. Bedford made a good effort on behalf of Salford, who, however, were mainly placed on the defensive, and a smart run by Eagers gave Mosby a Clear try between the posts. Marsden took the place and landed a goal. Result:—Bradford one poal and four tries (14 points), to Salford one try (3 points).

WIDNES v. LEEDS. At Widnes. Widnes did good work in the early stages, and their opponents had a share of defensive Work to do. But the Leeds men came throu4h the ordeal well, and ultimately lAittlewood had a chance With a penalty shot, and this time landed a goal. Sub- sequently the Leeds full back had another chance, and kicked his second penalty goal, which left the visitors With a four points lead at the interval. In the second half the home team had a chance to reduce the Leees advantage, but Tilley missed an easy penalty shot at goal. There was a seeming inability on both sides to score tries, but late in the game Aspey scored for Widnes owing to mulling by the Leeds backs. Tilley just failed at goal, and thus Widnes, who would have won by* a point had this goal been kicked, lost by a similar margin, the final score being—Leeds, 2 goals (4 points) ; Widnes, 1 try (3 points).

HULL KINGSTON ROVERS v .WIGAN. One of the largest crowds this season witnessed then above match at Craven-street, fully 8,000 people being present. The Rovers had the enjoyment of a brisk breeze at the start, and Barry contributed a nice run, Which only failed at Mason. There was some hard scrimmaging, and the ball came out on the home side. Gordon paved the way for a magnificent try by Medley. Carmichael failed at goal. Hopkins was beaten by Phipps in an effort to get the ball to Leytham after this, and Barry also joined in the movement. This culminatbd in the ball again reaching 'Medley, who put on top speed and raced over with another clever try. Carmichael again failed to add. The heavy ground had churned up badly by this time, and correct handling was impossible. West, however, took the ball from Phipps nicely, but was bowled over by Mason. Near tbe end Leytham dribbled cleverly, and went over the line with an eft?3, try, Mason landing a fine goal. Result Kingston Rovers two tries (0 points), to Wigan one goal and one try (5 points).

The Original Cocoa, and a Speciality,

===== 0002601_19050121_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

being distinguished from all others by its invigorating nutritious qualities and its delicious flavour. This Cocoa, con- taining as it does all the substance of the Cocoa Nib, maintains its leading position after three-quarters of a Century as COCOA

the best form of Cosoa for every-day use.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP.

Cumberland v. Lancashire.

This county match was played at Whitehaven on Monday, under exceedingly unfavourable conditions, a piercing cold and strong south-easterly wind sweeping the ground, which was somewhat hard. About 1,500 spectators were present. Lancashire started, and Wedgwood scored in the first few minutes, Eagers failed at goal. This was the only score in the first half. Play was even until the interval, when Cumberland led by one try to Lancashire nothing. Lancashire objected to resuming owing to the hardness of the ground, but the referee ruled against the objection, and the visitors returned to the field amidst ironical cheers. The home forwards rushed to the Lancashire line. Wedgwood scoring under the posts. The same player also con- verted. Cumberland continued to have the best of the play, and Austin scored the third try, Eagers failing at goal. Final score: Cumberland, one goal and three tries (11 points) ; Lancashire, nil.

CHESHIRE JUNIOR LEAG UE. ROBERTSON'S V. WIDNES ROVERS.

At Latchford on Saturday last. The home team kicked off before a strong wind, and play immediately went into the visitors 25. Even play followed, Bailey making a good run along the line, but was well tackled. From midfield the ball was sent up with a long kick, and the visitors scored a try. The goal was then added. Play after this was well in the visitors half, Green making a good run, but was pushed into touch by the last man. The home forwards were completely out- weighing the visitors, although they were only five in number. Play was still in the visitors' half, when from a penalty Ashurst kicked a good goal. Half-time : Widnes Rovers, 5 points; Robertson's, 2 points. Resum- ing, the homesters with the wind behind them gave the Widnes defence some hard work, and after rather one- sided play, Hunter from the base of the pack, dropped a goal. Play still kept well up the field, the home for- wards operating strongly against their opponents, and the backs playing a much better and open game. Hunter again receiving from the pack, ran through the Rovers and scored a good try at the corner. The kick at goal failed. Result :—Robe rtson's, 7 points; Widnes Rovers, 5 points.

;h cannon from the D instead of a ball-to-ball cannon. Red ball 11 inches from the side cushion and 19 inches from the baulk line, object white ai inches from the side cushion and 29,1 inches from the baulk line.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
A STROKE OF PARALYSIS.

Steamship's Second Officer Cured by

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

Mr. William Gledhill, second officer of the steam- ship "Stepney" of Goole, describes the Paralytic Stroke which laid him helpless, in these graphic terms "We welt, mooring alongside Goole wharf at 2.30 a.m., when I felt a shock as though I kad been stabbed in the baek of the head. I pain shot through my left arm, down my side and into my foot. I thought I had been stabbed, but, as I will explain, )ad been str- 'th Paralysis. I don't look - like it? No, but if it

hadn't been' for Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, I should have been still

Paralysed. "When the Stroke

ran through me,l dropped, but getting hold of the railings with my right hand, I managed to crawl with one hand and one

knee to my terth. I remained helpless for an

hour, when f heard the

, second engineer come into the galley to make tea,. and I called to him

for7help. .18 thaugh had been stabbod,' "I was supported to. my home, which was is Mr. Gledhill's diwcriptiow fortunately close by— sf a Paralytic Stroke which 2, Jame-street, Barge Df.Willia'iiJePiU,oetef Dock Side, Goole—on the shoulders of two men. "My speech was so paralysed that I could not be understood. My left leg trailed helpless. Three clever doctors all gave one verdict : I was Paralysed, down one side, and should never be able to work again, let alone go to sea. You can imagine my feelings. I have a wife and children to keep ! When I had accepted my fate as a life-long cripple, a book left at the house described the cure of a Paralysed man by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I tried thee., with wonderful results. After the very first box the Palsy in my arm ceased, and I have never had it since. Up to that time the arm had twitched all night long, and my foot also. After three boxes I was able to get out of bed and walk to my chair with- out assistance. "After I had started Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I took no more ordinary medicine. I gave the Pills a fair trial, though after three such clever doctors had Said they could give us no hope of a cure, I did not expect the wonderful results which were obtained. I am well and strong and following the sea just as well as if I had never been Paralysed." " You feel convinced that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills all nothing else, brought this about ?" " Fully couvinced," said Mr. Gledhill. " Occasion- ally now, when I feel a little out of sorts, after being a long time on my feet, I take one or two of the pills. I am right again almost directly. I never go to sea with- out them. 1 can move my left arm now just as freely as my right. I have used these pills for one of my sons, a delicate, bloodless lad of 16,apprenticed to a plumber. Since taking the pills the lad has develoded a healthy appetite, and is progressing apace." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cured the most serious forms of nervous disorders, including Paralysis and Locomotor Ataxy-, while thousands have testified to their value in St. Vitus' Dance, Sciatica, Rheumatism, Ana3mia, Indigestion,loss of Appetite, general muscular weakness and the ailments of women. Not a purga- tive, but a true tonic. Obtainable of all medicine- dealers, also from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co.,Holberne viaduct, London, on receipt of 2s. 9d. for one box, or for six boxes 13s. 9d. post free.

. I lc . ueen struck wit E-7-. . is ,A' , ..-' / • - &gip -IN ,- - ..,--- 4 wilir ....- - , - _ ,_... •.._, _....„....- _ ~........„.•...,....

===== 0002601_19050121_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

STOCKTON HEATH v. LATCHFORD.

These teams tried conclusions on the ground of the first-named on Saturday. Latchford won the toss and played with wind and slope in their favour. The' visitors pressed vigorously for some time, but their efforts lacked finish end the home goal was never in serious danger. At length Stockton Heath took up the running, but with no result, Hallows presenting a very sound defence. While the home team were pressing hard Cliffe broke away in brilliant style, running over half the length of the field, but the Stockton Heath goal-keeper cleverly diverted his final shot. The resultine corner was easily cleared, and mid-field play brought about half-time with the score sheet still blank. Changing over, play was even for some time, but at length Stockton Heath got in the visitors' quarters. Their forward play was very ragged and slow, and though they forced several corners a score never seemed likely. The Latchford forwards on the other hand were much more dangerous when in possession, and several times caused the home defence anxious moments, but they were safely kept out of the Stockton circle, and the game looked likely to be drawn without score, when R. Pier- point getting hold from a scramble close to the Latchford goal ran through, and in spite of the attentions of three opponents succeeded in safely netting the ball, thus giving the home side the lead. With ten minutes to go, Latchford played up desper- ately, and had hard lines on at least three occasions,but the home team full backs played a cool and confident game, and the equalizer never came. Excitement ran high when the home goal-keeper was forced to give a penalty corner close on time, but the opportunity was not grasped, and time found Stockton Heath victors by one goal to nil.

Diagram 53 shows the object balls so situated that a very simple cannon is on when a player is in hand. The easiest way of playing a cannon or in fact any stroke is, however, seldom the best way if any thought is to be given to the after-position. If the positions of the red and white balls in the diagram were reversed the simple ball-to-ball cannon played slowly would undoubtedly be the game, as by such a stroke the red could be dribbled to the pocket, and pro- vided care were taken not to pot the red, a pot or an in-off would be left for the next stroke, either ,gif which could be played in such a way as to leave further position. When, however, the white is the second object-ball, as shown in the diagram, bidden dangers lurk in the simple ball-to-ball cannon. A shade too much strength and there is always the possibility of the white finding the pocket; and even though this danger Oe avpicled, .119 w. easily my the white ball leave

ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. " Player " (London.)—Stevenson has not yet made a break of 500 this season but Dawson has made a 515 break. A. Jones (Chorley.)—lf the red (on the spot) is finked into any pocket it counts as a pot off the spot, and if before the fluke it had already been potted off the spot, it should after the fluke be placed on the centre spot. E. Harding (Derby).—lf a bail is knocked off the table no stroke made by the striker can count. Instead the stroke counts two to the non-striker. " Billiards " (Edinburgh).—lvory balls are generally either Indian or African ivory. Mammoth ivory which is found in the Siberian Steppes and is many thousands of years old is of no use whatever for billiard balls, as a ball made of this ivory very quickly becomes quite untrue. Bonzoline balls are made in America, but come into this country free of any duty. Crystalate Balls are a British production, being made at Tonbridge, near London. A. E. Topping (Manchester).—You cannot play good billiards on a cloth that has been turned. I went into the question of nap in the chapter on side. You men- tion your ball running off so much. This is doubtless caused by the ball being untrue and not by side. If you have any crystalate bslls at your club try these one ' night and let me know the result. RISO LEVI

===== 0002601_19050121_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 21, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS. THE STROKES OF THE GAME.

FI.X.CIIO I...]E'rji.

[COPYRIGHT.]

XXI RUN-THROUGHS. —Continued.

DIAGRAM 51.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
A run-through cannon from the D. A good posi- tion-stroke. Red ball 8 inches above the centre pocket, object white 18 inches from the top cushion. Both balls 2 inches from the side cushion.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0152.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
?..I",_ •

===== 0002601_19050121_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL HARRIERS.

Cross Country Running by Warrington

Teami

I Warririkton A.C. had across-country race with North I Manchester Harriers on Saturday and gained an easy victory. There was a muster of 30 runners-20 War- rington, and 10 North Manchester. Trail was laid by Messrs. Shepherd, Hill, Harris, and Booth, of the home club, and the distance was about 61 miles. The first six in each club were counted, and Warrington won comfortably by 70 points, having the first nine men I home. C. J. Straw, although he sustained a nasty fall early in the race, won by about 300 yaids from S. Parsonage. The following were the placings :--War- rington: C. J. Straw, 1; S. Parsonage. -; J. Parsonage, 3; W. C. Brereton, 4; C. Dagnall, 5; H. K. Jepson, 6 • total 21. North Manchester: Walker, 10: Tattersall', 13; Lomax, 15; Garner, 16; Dean, 18; Varley, 19; total, 91. . Sankey Harriers had St.Helens Sacred Heart team for their opponents. Leaving the Black Horse' Sankey, it was decided to have a run through, the first five in each team to count. Sankey had the first four men home, and eventually won by 30 points. Result :—Sankey: Jos. Riley, 1; John Riley, 2; L. Beckett, 3; A Willcocks. 4; J. Stamps, 7 • total, 17. St. Helens; W. Douglas, ; J. Caldwell, 6; J. M'Gowan, 8 Connaughton, 12; J. Flynn, 16; total, 47, P•

CLARK'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE" Isa It llaredl- teed cure for all Blood and Skin Diseases. It is the most nourishing blood Cleanser ever discovered. and it will free the system from all Impurities from whatever cause arising, from rcrofula, ticurvy,Hcaema. Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kinds • its effects are marvellous. Thousands of Testi- monials. 60.i4 everywhere at 2.. 9,1. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advt. 1. CLA.AfKIPS B 41 PILLS are war ranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired for constitutional diseharges from the CinaryOrgans, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Meirurv. Bstablished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through- on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Advt.

FLORILIME ? FoR THE TEETH AND BREATH.—Tboroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or Impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whitenees and a delightful fragrance to the breath Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or lc per jar for the Floriltne,“ Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers...- Advt. . .

VALUABLE UISCoVERT FOB THE your bale turning grey or white or falling oft use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWED, 1.3 r it will positively restore, every case, grey or white, hair to its original Colour. It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth Price 3s. 6d. per bottle.-4dvt. ro MOTHEBB.—Mrs. WuraLow'e Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It Is pleasant to taste ; and pollees natural ;quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little ahem b awakes" as bright as a button." of all Chemists le. lid. per bottle.—Advt,

===== 0002601_19050121_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
. 41( • **".'" rt..=•*l

===== 0002601_19050121_art0155.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
7

===== 0002601_19050121_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
Taken

A disease neglected inevitably means health lost. No one can afford to be ill. Sickness is costly, painful and dangerous. When you commence to fed run down, give Nature a friendly lift. Help it to throw off the impurities that clog the system. There is nothing Like

time

0

1

A., ink , . ...

i!t

Ml

P

I

S.

to put the Bowels in good working order, to repair the Liver, to improve the Digestion and banish Headache and Insomnia. A few doses will make you feel like yourself. Beecham's Pills will do this. They prove all they claim. They save time, worry and expense.

save

dangerous

ills.

Sold Everywhere In Boxes, pries la. IPS. (36 pills), and 24. 9d. (168 pills).

p

6

4'• . • ,

===== 0002601_19050121_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURE FRAME, ROOM. AND DADO MOULDINGSa linglish and Foreign Picture Frames. Every requisite for the trade. Regilding a Speciality. Largest Ito* of Mouldings in the Kingdom. Send for PATTIIRN BOOK. 160 pages. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps. IMPORTER OF GLASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS FREE ON APPLICATION.

H. MORELLI 171

18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.C.

Warehouses : 11, 12and13, Eleare Yard, and 41, Real Street, (in the rear). Telegraphic Address: —.• Rabbitry, London." Telephone 6135 Central

===== 0002601_19050121_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
EstablishqJ 1845.

e lephorte 1124.

Bankers, LLOYD'S.

InEpection Invited.

C Irrespou- deuce

S )licited.

Pitts's Renowned Houses of Furniture At 1511,122 i. 28i. 38i. SO, 75, 1.00, am, up to 3,000 Guineas are the emhodimoot of evert-thine that id EXCELLENT and NECESSARY for the ernbeiliehment of the home. Toey are incJmparably SUPERIOR IN VALUE AND APPEARANCE to others. Particulars and

Pitts's Illustrated Furnishing Guide, Containing 800 Artistic Designs. PRICED at ABOUT HALF USUAL FIGURES. POST FREE.

PATROIVISED S'' PCl'.4l-.7"-- •-•.-...,eiLrry C. 1 , ~ ; • - _ \ (•).1..\.,./31/4.r.:,', ,I _ ~ ~ ; . _ _l-- ~ ~ _ _- •. A..--;:-.7-,1„„tz , ...1 ~ __. -...t. i t i , - --- BES T AND LARC EST ST 0 CK- IN THE PROVINCES,

===== 0002601_19050121_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
. 'tf , . :i II . . )5 YEAR, - 11 . j------PROVEN EFFICACY: EVER READY HOUSEHOLD REMEDY: i PHLEGM. ~ ALLAYS GOUGH- . , GIVES IMMEDIATE RELIEF •:. 7—Th /-7.- -It , LINUM.CATHARTICUM- PILLS. •: V I FOR INDIGESTION 6 ITS EVILS. 1 1 SICAMEADACHE • BILIOUS DERANGEMENT • &c. I AN AGREEABLE APERIENT. !'t KAYS TIC PILLS- •:- •:. CURE FACEACHE S. NEURALGIA. __. , ' .:. ~. REEZ/St- SUSS 77 TZ.17:5".5. SOLD ItYALLCI.EwiSTS THROU.;nCUT GREAT BRlnai rl & TmE coLowies./ L..=:._

===== 0002601_19050121_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
7..-..:,..„5'.'.:"."•,'',.''''':...,,:"...,.i.; • ._i .. _ _._:- ..:-.i:

===== 0002601_19050121_art0161.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
~ti

===== 0002601_19050121_art0162.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
C

===== 0002601_19050121_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
0 , 5 , SAUCE , tl P

Hoe's Sauce excels all other 3 for imparting a delicious savour to all made-up dishes. A trial proves it.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
11111ICIIIIA mammy, AND DROPS arrinviru's Ssxmrics) Have permanently cured many bad cases of from ten to twenty years' standing. I They rive immediate relief- and effect a cure quickly if used as directed. For Rheumatism, Lum- bago Sciatica, the Drops should be taken in conjunc. tion with the Liniment. For Colds on Up+ Chest and Sore Throat, aid also for Sprains and Bruises, the Liniment is unris ailed. It is used by some of the leadibg football clubs. Ms gn ificent testimonials from well known PiloPM.

Sold by all leading Ohemigta, awl the BAYMOND REMEDIES OD., BUM. lir. ()Asian'. Liniment. 111; Drops. 1/1}; palmy U. arty,.

URICURA CURES RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO, • SCIATICA, NEURALGIA, SPRAINS AND BRUISES WHEN ALL ELSE FAILS, Price 1, 1

===== 0002601_19050121_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
CRUETS! CRUETS!! CRUETS!It To advertise our goods we send,' carriage paid to your door, for the sum of 4/-, this handsome and mas. sue 1-bottle Cruet. Can be used either for Ltmeheon or Breakfast. Material and workmanship is of the best quality possible in eleetro plate. Bend at onee and so prevent disappointment. BROOKES 8. Co., 13 Inag Edward Road, Moseley, BIRMING HAM.

`ift !ov .fIA— . z J,, _ . iP,

===== 0002601_19050121_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
TO ADVERTISE OUR

PICTORIAL POSTCARDS

We give a YAK Silver Watch Free, guaranteed to keep correct time for 3 years, a Case of Spoons or 0,14, Melodeon. Write to-day, giving your full name and address, and your promise to Sell or Return 72 Penny Pictorial g i' Postcards within 3 weeks from the time !ji . / you receive same. When sold, send us I the 6/. you get for them, and we will forward you any of the above-mentioned ~.__ 2,.. • Presents. Write at once enclosing

. ~. . . - . , ( .- 4 v* I—s * ' —e, ."

S penny :stamps for postage, and yen will receive the packet by return. Any person can sell the Packet in One honr.—THE IRISH PICTORLAL CARD CO., Princes St., Cork.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
BLAIR'S GOUT AND' RHEUMATIC PILLS

A LOTION MAY TEMPORARILY SOOTII,I3IIT BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL goes to the root of the mischief, and is really the only true remedy for Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago) 11 Chemists and Stores at 15.1.41. and 25.9 d. per box.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENT. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matters intended for publication must be written on side ortly.of the paper and sent in, if possible, not later than Thursday.

Recent Warrington Eisteddfod. Sir,—Will you allow me to call attention to an injustice—unintentional I have no doubt on the part of the officials--to one of the competitors at the recent Warrington Eisteddfod? I induced my grand-daughter Maid Ethel Chapman, of Stretford, but formerly of Warrington, where she received the groundwork of her musical education, to enter for the pianoforte solo con- test for young people under 18. She is barely 15. She entered under her own initials "M. E. C." Among the three called on to perform before the public in the afternoon besides the two who were awarded prizes was "F. E. C." and a girl stepped up and played, but the adjudicator said he was much disappointed as she played so nicely in the morning. Judge of my surprise on reading your report of the pro- ceedings on the following Saturday to find that "M. E. C." was intended. I learn from the secretary, Mr. R. Cook, that there was no " E. C."; that my granddaughter was one of the selested three, and that inconsequence of this slight mistake,we had the mortifi- cation of realizing that we had sat in the hall while her place was usurped by a girl whose initials were not " F. E. C." and who had entered under another nam de p/uw.e. I don't wonder at her nervousnessat the piano. I know the matter cannot be rectified now, but, though 'late in the day, I ask for the insertion of this in justice to the wronged competitor, who has many friends in Warringtom—Yours, Scc.,

W. E. STOUT.

rzdT:ngton,

January 20th.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
PHYLLIS THE ELUSIVE.

[By Godfrey Dean.] lOn the Colour of Ribbons.

Since Phyllis will not marry me, if she would oily leave me in peace !—or that state of mind which must pass for such. But no. She must for ever send me notes (indeed, every other day)—curious, little things, by whose delicate fragrance I could, blindfolded, pick them I ' from the post-bag—indefinitely c orded, allusive, and always requiring explanation. And one must find out what she means! But enough of it. She shall trifle with me no longer. Only to-day she wrote:— 1 . . . " Perhaps I would be calling in the course of two or three years ?" (As I have often had occasion to tell Phyllis, her language is extravagant. I She means to-morrow.) " Her cousin had paid them I a visit. Had not seen him for three years—since he was twenty-one. . , Wonderfully improved, ' Handsome fellow now 1" It didn't interest me, of course. Nor possibilities. lam grown indifferent these days. Yet I'll see her once more—and then to the shell of nay reserve, forgetting there's such a place as Cadogan-square— yes, and Phyllis, too! What a time the footman was opening the door. Phyllis was weaning, the gr.wn I liked her best in; though Phyllisjiaina you., in anything is—well ,Phylli ' She smiled at ma, but ,her saitcharLes' found ins i. passive. site eXpPealedAer eyes wide with - der - tihyllis is —nothing if nat.elusive. • " Exactly,'" I replied, in a matter-of-fact tone. " Not going into the country, then?" " Did I say so'?" " Perhaps not, but you don't tell me everything." " And you won't listen to what I have to tell you,' complained. " Change," she quoted, "is the first law of nature." Phyllis paused, sugar-tongs in hand. "One or two ?" Now this was absurd. If Phyllis has given me tea once—

But I am not to be seduced from my purpose. Henceforth I am negative—quite negative—towards ~her in everything. "As you pl'.ase," I said. Phyllis put two larcps in my cup. I looked inquiringly at her. "You left it to me," she remarked. I'm afraid Phyllis lacks balance. Nevertheless I took the tea. "Is it sweet enough? " I made no reply. She raised her dainty head, and put down her. cup. .Phyllis is charming even when she frowns. "What is it?" tasked. "Nothing." "You frowned," I sai.{l. "Did I?" "Yes. Why not face the fact?" "Well, then if I did I'll admit it." "So far, good. Why did you?" " You.are serious." "I repcat—why did you?" "Since you insist," she replied, with that pathetic •expression which is a perpetual temptation to rue, I'll telL you. I'm disappointed." "What about?" "Disappointed in you." I could not see Phyllis' fact now. It was hidden in her hands. But her attitude aroused my suspicions. Phyllis is capable even of laughing at me. She looked ;tip quickly, anti my doubts were not allayed. Hereyes were brighter than usual, and the corners of hal-mouth were twitching. " You are not entertaining a bit," she said. Phillis had ire at a disadvantage. Under cover of her long eyelashes she was watching me, and I could not tell whether or no she were serious. "It is the logical outcome of your treatment of rue," I observed, stiffly. "In what way I' " Xiss Vaughan--" Lbegan. Phyllis lips partei in a delicious smile. " I'm seriou" I said. " You are—very."-, " Illusions are the heritage of youth. Itt my case experience has effected a divorce very early. Indeed " (laughingly)—,"and what were your illusions? " " You were one."

1 " Were ? is that nice—or not ? " ' "It's the truth." "So you have no illusions left? " • "None." My tone was charged with tragedy. I wished Phyllis to realise how convinced I was on this point. "If life has little colour now for me, at least, i no disappointments await me." , "It is very sad," Phyllis commented, softly. I could just make out what she said. I dislike , ^ asking people to repeat themselves, especially Phyllis who invariably punishes me by saying something . _ quite different. , nth my armchair. The fauteuil is nice for two. I ' Phyllis either dresoes her hair very high or in a knot, low on the nape of the neck. It was dressed so now-- in a knot—and I think it is the more becom- ing ; though, possibly, I ant prejudiced for the time being. Why Phyllis should have used ribbon of that particular colonr when she has expressed dislike for it (and knowing also that I have a weakness for it) surprises me. But I did not show it; I am sure when she , intercepted my glance I appeared quite incurious, ; though I believe Phyllis was sceptical. 'Toe ribbon in your hair is becoming—impossible to be otherwise—" "Thank you," mockingly, "—But surely you have not noticed the colour ? " # Was ever a more foolish questiou put to a woman? (I have always said that in Phyllis presence I do ~ myself injustice.) I have," she answered. f, Phyllis is the most inconsequent of her sex. ` I was silent. It is the safer course when one is in ; doubt. Phyllis was looking at me—l have caught the ex- pression once or twice beforr—in a manner that ,i bewilders me. , "1t is your own fault," she remarked. "In going t - , out of your way to search for what is not meant, you , make a mistake." Really she herself is to blame for that, not being ,t straigh forward enough. I began to think : Phyllis was aware of the colour , f her ribbon. Phyllis knew I liked it, therefore--! ' "it is good of you," I said, lightly touching the '2 precious trifle—' and Iso undeserving." "If your qualities require depreciating I would rather do it,' reprovingly. .° "I would permit anything from you." "Suppose I promise not to wear the ribbon : again—" "I was desolated. "—And give it to you?" • ,PhAlis is also the most delightful of her sex. (to be coined.)

URI

aa'

'

===== 0002601_19050121_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
IN SUPPORT OF FREE TRADE.

INTERESTING SPEECH BY MR. A. J. KING.

Protectionist Mis-statements Refuted.

A heavy snow-storm is not conducive to a large attendance at a political meeting, especially in an out of the way village like :Moore, and it was therefore not surprising that the meeting promoted by the Knutsford Division uiberal Association and held in the Church Institute on Monday evening was but sparsely attended. Those who did put in appearance had the advantage of hearing well-reasoned speeches on the chief topics of the day and a criticism of Mr. Chamberlain's Preston speech. The chair was taken by Mr. Josiah Longland and he was supported by Messrs. A. J. King (vice- president of the Knutsford Division Liberal Associa- tion and prospective candidater),C.Middleton (National Morn Club), If. Congreve, C. Roylance, and IV. H. Sherbum. The Chairman was very brief in his remarks. He asked his hearers to bear in mind the approach of t ,e general election and extended a hearty welcome to Mr. King and Mr. Middleton whom they had had the great pleasure of hearing on a previous OCCE44IOII at Moore. Mr. A. J. King moved the following resolution: "That this meeting condemns the Government for its Protectionist propaganda, its financial wastefulness,and its passing of the Education and Licensing Acts against the will of the people." He remarked that if they wive to believe the political prophets— and lne,ior one, could not say that he did— they wer getting very near to the general election. At any rate, t could not be indefinitely delayed unless the Goverumetit did what some of their friends had credited them with the intention of doing, and passed an Act repealing the Septennial Act so that they conld remain in power indefinitely. (Laughter.) It behoved the electors to be making up their minds how they were going to exercise their votes when the election did come. He thought they would agree with him that there had not been for fifty or sixty years a general election fraught with the tremendous issues for the welfare or otherwise of the country that would be brought forward in the impending contest. The present was no time for unsettled convictions. (Hear, hear). Although there was no doubt that the main issue in that division would be on the fiscal queslion— whether we were going to maintain oar Free Trade policy or revert to Protection , under the various names and aspects in which it was lbeing presented—there were many other matters which they could not afford afford to lose sight of or neglect. , They, must, in forming their judgment, look back upon 'the history of the present administration, and decide whether the record justified them giving another lease ,of power to the Government. or whether, as was the 1 opinion in many parts of the division, the tine had come when they should haves change:let the other side have an innings, and see whether they could not manage the affairs of the country a little better than their predecessors. He thought it was perfectly clear that they could not manage them very much worse. (Hear, hear.) He would remind that meeting that the present Government was not the Government which the coun- try retard to power in 1900. The places of many able men who had left the Government had been filled by young " Jacks-in-ollice " who had had no experience of the management of the nation's affairs. The most trustworthy and highly respected members of the Government which was returned in 1900 were now no longer members of it. Dealing with THE EIYUCATION ACT _ . .. .

Mr. King said they had been told that had it not been for the Church of England clergy there would have been up to 1870 practically no education in this country, as the clergy were the only people interested in education and provided the schools. On the face of it there seemed to be a certain amount of truth in the statement, because they knew there were eight or ten thousand parishes in which the only schools for the children to attend were IChurch of England schools. What was the reason? 1 The extreme section of the clergy of the Established Church had never allowed anyone else to start schools. They had always maintained that it was the exclusive privilege of the Church to control the education of the country. Mr. King instanced how when the British and Foreign School Society, which sought to provide good undenominational education, came into existence, the Church party became alarmed and founded the National Society to maintain sciaools!for the education of the children of the poor in the principles of the Church of England. The whole cost of education in the voluntary schools was now paid for out of the public funds and yet the board of management of each school included four denominational managers and only two public repre- tentatives,so that the old principle of public support and public central going together had been violated. In the ease of all non-provided schools the head teachers, who were civil servants, were subjected to religious tests—thus going back to a state of things which they thought had been abolished for ever in this country. Proceeding to deal with the Brussels SUGAR CONVENTION, Mr. King said they were told by all the leading members of the Government that that Convention would not have the effect of rais- ing the price of sugar. As a matter of fact the Convention alone was costing the consumers .of sugar some eight million pounds sterling per annum, apart altogether from the ld. per lb. imposed as a war tax. It was estimated that the increased cost in a workingman's household was about sixpence per week. Before the 'Convention our open market placed us in the position of being able to buy sugar very much cheaper than any other country in the world As a result the enormous confectionery and other industries using sugar as a raw material were established. The Convention had had the effect of increasing the price of sugar, whereas the cost on the continent had gone down. Not only had we imposed a duty on sugar which came from bounty-nay- ins; countrie%, but we had actually pledged ourselves that if it should be the will of a foreign commission on which we hsd only one representative, we would not receive sugar at all from a country which gave a bountv.At the present time we were not allowed to receive sugar from Russia and the Argentine Republic, although our sugar users were anxious for it. The consei ienc4 was that thousands of men who were engaged in sugar- using industries had been

THROWN OUT OF worm, and many thonsands had been put on short time In order to confer a pr daleinati-al benefit upon a few West Indian planters, the MASS of the people in this country had been taxed to the extent of £8,000.000. That was the characteristic of all Tory legislation—the interests of the mass of the people were sacrificed to the interests of a few favoured and influential individuals. (Hear, hear.) The Licensing Act was a piece of legislation on those lines. The measure was closured in such a ruth• less manner that many of the clauses were never dis- cussed in the House of Commons or even explained by the Government. The main clause provided that no licence should in future be refused, without compensa- tion being paid. The Government had converted what was formerly an annual licence into a permanent free- hold, and had put millions of pounds into the pockets of their friends and supporters the 1" trade." The motto of the trade was " our trade our politics," and if we adopted Protection the brewing in- dustry would not be the only trade which followed that motto. All the important trades would combine, and instead of having purity of motive at election time, instead of appealing to what was best in the general in- terests of the country, they would have men sent to IParliament to promote the interests of the special itrades with which they were connected, and they would have legislation to take money out of the pockets of the community and put it into thepockets of a particu- larly favoured class In the case of tied houses the benefit under the new Act would not go to the man who conducted the house, but almost entirely to the brewer. in many cases

- • THE BREWER WOULD BE COMPENSATED TWICE OVER because the closing of houses in congested neighbour- hoods would mean an increased trade to those which were allowed to remain. Mr. King alluded to the national expenditure, pointing out that apart from the South African war the Government had increased the annual expenditure by nearly fifty millions. To his mind the wonder was not that we had so much distress in our large towns, but that we had not a great deal more. Our shipping trade had been bigger than ever. It was Orfu HOME TRADE THAT WAS WRONG simnly because the people had not the money to spend that they ought to have. We diverted 250 millions of capital which would otherwise have been spent in pro- ductive enterprises athome,into the destructive channel of laying waste land in South Africa; we took another fifty millions per annum out of the pockets of the people, and yet we expected them to have as much to spend. The £50,000,000 annual increase was equal to more than 21 far every inhabitant of the country. There was no need to look for any fiscal cause for the distress ; it was due to the extravagant and reckless ex- penditure of the Government. Mr. Chamberlain was speaking at Preston the other day, but he did not seem to get on very happily although he selected the most Conservative town in all Lancashire. He was a very long time in coming to the question of the cotton trade, and when he did reach it, his facts were wrong and his conclusions were erroneous. He told us at Glasgow ttlat cotton was "going," but the cotton trade had been ' very prosperous with the execution that there had been a scarcity of raw material which made Lancashire feel the pinch very badly. Other countries had felt it just as ranch, but the difference was that in Free Trade England we have recovered from the effects very much more quickly than the Pro- tected countries. The

COTTON TRADE was in a booming condition, and last year we exporte a greater length of cotton goods and more pounds o yarn than we had done for many years before. Yet Mr. Chamberlain told the Preston meeting that the increase was merely in the money value. He also quoted figures from the Sine Book showing that in the ten years from 1891 to 1901 the number of people employed in the 'cotton trade had decreased to the extent of 23.700

Mr. Chamberlain omitted to mention the important fact POOR CHILDREN'S TREAT. that there were nearly 20,000 more men employed in the trade now than ten years ago, although the machinery -- —— had so improved that each man could turn out HAPPY SCENE AT THE PARR HALL. a great deal more work. They found, however, that the number of children employed had gone -- down nearly 43,000 which simply meant that the Twelve hundred of Warrington's poorest children half-timer was going out. (Applause.) Mr. King crowded the Parr Hall on Tuesday afternoon. Their controverted the statement in "The Times" that merry shouts and laughter penetrated the walls of the Lancashire had no chance with Protected countries in building, compelling the passer-by to pause in the neutral markets. The great neutral markets, so far wonderment. From some of the darkest homes, where gs Lancashire was concerned, were India and China. Of the cotton goods imported into India, something like the pinch of distress has made itself acutely felt, had 90 per cent came from Lancashire. To China, England many of the little ones come, but it was easy to detect sent manufactured goods equal in value to about nine that they had been smartened up as for some red-letter times the amount sent by the whole of the other occasion, while radiant faces betokonecl pleasant European countries put together. ( Applause.) The I anticipation. Ae by magnetic attraction, the youthful Protectionists were getting very nearly to the end of assembly had been ;drawn to the hall in response to their argument and they were beginning to indulge in the invitation, so generously accorded each year, to abuse instead. They were losing. their tempers, as Mr. partake ohospitalitydispensed , Chamberlain showed only too plainly at Preston. Ourf the et the Christmas SHIPPING TRADE treat to poor children. No charitable movement has was in a position which no one else could compete , fulfilled a more useful place in our town life or called with. No one could build a ship at the price that we 1 forth more sincere appreciation, than this annual could build it, and he believed the tonnage of our eff irt veherby deserving children are provided shipping was more than the ton 'age of all the other with a sumptuous meal and pleasing entertain- countries put together. Oar prominent position in the ment soon after the dawn of the New Year. shipping trade was entirely due to Free Trade, which Tuesday's treat was the , enabled the ship-builders to buy their materials assixth of its kind and the cheaply as possible. Our seamen received better pay I arrangements had been entered into with an enthu- than was given for the same work by Germany, and Mr. : siasgi which was as praiseworthy as it was necessary Chamberlain forgot the large amount of employment to the success of the undertaking. A. strong ladies' which was found in the ship-building yards. Mr. King ' committee, under the presidency of the Mayoress, concluded his address by an allusion to the I rendered invaluable service and they received a ALIENS QUESTION. cordial backing from a zealous band of other volun- about which, be said, the member for the di eision had I ! Is. been making a great song. If they compared the num- are wtiker Mr. Henry Tavl ir, whose work as a ber of aliens in this country with tha number in other police court missionary needs no cornmendatioa countries, they would find that Great Britian was because it is so well known,yeas art indefatigable hon. almost at the bottom of the list. We had always boasted secretary. In gr. W. fl. J. Jenkins, who took a that England WAS the asylum for the political refugees , pioneer part in the establishment of the treat, ti of other nations. Under the Bill introduced by the ' P committee had an admirable hon. treasurer, and it Government—which was a "shop window" measure and was not intended to be passed—every man coming was gratifying to him that the subscriptions came in into the country must have a certificate of respecta- freely. The tickets had been distributed through the bility. Did they think the persecuted Poles and Fins teachers at the various day schools, and it was evi- flying from the tyranny of their oppressors would be dent that they had found their way to the proper able to get such a certificate ? There were certain quarter. aliens whom all people would desire to keep out. 1 When the youngsters trooped into the hall, the scone No one wished to import the criminal alien which met their gaze must indeed have delighted them. and it was desirable to give our health 'authorities stricter powers over diseased persons coming The platform was one mass of colour, a profusion of streamers and light material helping to make the 1 into England. (Hear, near.) Certain Liberal members introduced a Bill to make expulsion from the country scheme of decoration most effective. The centre piece part of the sentence in case of an alien being convicted was the single word" Welcome," worked on a purple' background. What perhaps appealed most to childish of a criminal act, and to invest sanitary authorities with sentiment was the appearance of four fine Christmas greater powers in the direction he had indicated. That Bill was thrown out by the supporters of tie. Govern- trees artistically decked with seasonable emblems. Then there were piles of toys and presents awaiting distribu- ment who went about claiming to be the friends of the working men. The Liberals, contended, made an tion, and boxes crammed to overflowing with oranges and bags of sweets. But tea was the first stage in an effort to deal with the matter on the right lines. (Applause).eventful evening, and boys and girls being seated at 'long tables, the edibles were quickly served. There , Mr. C. Midlleton seconded the resolution. He said an abundance of meat pies, buns, Ecelee cakes, the system of expelling criminal aliens should apply to such'and tea that not a single guest went unsatisfied. The all grades of society. (Hear, hear.) We wanted to healthy appetites of some were quite a revelation,but maintain the reputation of this country as a refuge for the poor and down-trodden. The speaker proceeded to one could not blame the youngsters for making the most of a memorable occasion. Tea over, the gratitude argue in favour of 'of the assemby found its vent in ringing cheers for all , A. RE-ARRANGEMENT OF TAXATION on the basis that all people should contribute in pro- I who had helped in a variety of ways. nd such cheers A ' they were! It was almost deafening to stand in the portion to their incomes. At present when articles of I 1 body of the hall, and Councillor Skelland, who led this general consumption were taxed, the workingman always popular demonstration, had no difficuly in enlisting suffered the most. Were Protective measures enforced, the difficulty would be to distinguish between raw whole-hearted co-operation. Then the company broke into popular songs which were given with great gusto material and manufactured goods, as the finished article time after time. of a foreign firm might be raw material to a , Outside the hall there had gathered from two to manufacturer here. Mr. Balfour's Policy and Mr. ' three hundred children to whom tickets had not been Chamberlain's policy really meant the SITIO thing, the ! issued. As there was such a plentiful supply of food, only difference being thatkvhile Mr. Chamberlain meant I the youngsters were, through the kindly consideration what he said Mr. Balfour dare not say what he meant, of the Mayoress, conducted into the ante-room, treated (Laughter and applause.) to a good tea, and then taken to the centre gallery to Mr. W. H. Sherburn supported. We ware told that see the entertainment. For the delightful programme England had long been submitted the audience was indebted to a number of the THE WORKSHOP OF THE WORLD scholars of People's College who repeated part of the and it must remain so. That sounded very nice, but concert which was given with such great success at was it common sense? America and Germany had all Christmas. Most of the performers appeared in char- their education and equipment and yet it was said that I acter,and the delight of the onlookers knew no bounds. this little conntry had to be the workshop of the world or we would lose our supremacy. Such talk was ridicu- Loud and long was the applause which followed each individual effort and it must in itself have been suffi- lous. If this country were the workshop of the world cient recompense to those who gave their services, it would soon be the rubbish heap as well, and they did -- t Special thanks are due to Mr. Edward Wallington, not want it to be that. They did not want the people the headmaster of the school, by whose kind to do nothing but work, but to have some happiness. ' permission the scholars took part, and to Mr. W. The fiscal policy, at the bottom, was one of selfishness. IH. Payton, Mus. Bac, who supplied the pianoforte England had for the last fifty or sixty years set a mark for I accompaniments. The opening item, and one which all the ether nations. Although from the money point of !perhaps, we had not always gained, we had, by taking proved most popular, was the character song" Soldiers view Three" by T. Smith, R. Atkinson, W. Swain, our stand on Free Trade risen to the position of the I ' and T. Tanner. The ludicrous ways in which best representatives of Christianity among the nations. I these valiant warriors comported themselves He believed that if we adhered to our present policy 'would have given amusement to the most stolid we would shame some other nations to abandon Pro- tection. I individual, but to the children the entertainment was doubly acceptable. Robert Ormsby, costumed as an The resolution was carried unanimously, old gentleman, sang of the days "When I was a boy at Mr. H. Congreve moved a vote of thanks to the speakers. Mr. Chamberlain told them that there had school " in a highly creditable manner, his sweet voice being heard to great advantage. been a great increase in the shipping trade of foreign nations. He forgot to state that the new ships used Florence Bennett very pleasingly rendered "Three green bonnets," and Fred Kershaw was equally successful in by those countries were " A To vial Monk" with its swinging refrain. Stanley CHIEFLY BUILT IN ENGLAND, Jones interpreted the coon-song " Dinah" very effec- and that the greater part of the increase of foreign tively, his splendid "makeup " creating no little morn- ships was due to the great sale which went on of old and ment. A number of boys under the leadership of out-of-date English ships to foreign nations. If once Thomas Smith brought the musical programme to a we got Protection no aliens on the face of the earth would want to come here. The reason they came now , fitting close with ' The coon drum major. Clad in " special costumes the performers acquitted themselves was because our conditions of living were better than in a manner which left nothing to be desired, those obtaining in Protected countries. Alluding to , and were enthusiastically recalled. Mr. Taylor then "dumping," Mr. Congreve instanced how in the case of ' exhibited a series of comic lantern views and the chil- cheap German steel which our manufacturers obtained, I dren were almost convulsed with laughter. The end of a large number of skilled English workmen were em- the treat came all too soon) and the guests departed on ployed at a profit in converting that steel into mann- their way rejoicing in the possession of suitable presents factored goods, such as gas engines, whereas the initial such as workboxes, money boxes, and mouth organs. production of the steel in Germany found work for a Oranges and sweets were also distributed. smaller number of less skilled German workmen at a To many ladies and gentlemen thanks must be loss. Mr. Congreve condemned the introduction of accorded for contributing in no small way to the cons- Chinese labour into South Africa under practicality plate success of the treat. Mr. James Monro once more slave conditions, and pointed oat that instead of the provided the tea which was delivered in barrels placed war having opened up a new country to provide enor - on stillages and was thoroughly enjoyed. Among the ladies moos employment for the British workingman, it had who rendered active assistance were:—The Mayoress and simply benefitted the wealthy mine owners by enabling thorn at a miserable rate. Miss Bolton, MMrs. W. J. Forshaw, Mrs. Hugh Ferguson, here to get their work do Mrs. Clegg, rs. Bowden, Mrs. Cox, Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. Mr. C. Royiance seconded and the vote was heartily Ewart and the Misses Ewart, Miss Kierman, Misses accorded. Williams, the Misses Gill, Miss Bowcock, Miss Cox, A similar compliment was paid to the Chairman on Miss Dickenson, Miss Clegg, Miss Randall and Miss the proposition of Itir.King, seconded by Mr. Roylance. Brindley. Miss Pierpoint (St. Austins) and Miss Evans The Chairman's acknowledgment concluded the meeting also took a great interest in the affair. Inspector Cox, of the N.S.P.C.C., did not a little to promote the corn- ___ I ofrt arid enjoyment of the children.

MR. T. J. DOWN'S BANDS. The Future of the Organizations. The people of Warrington will he pleased to hear that there is every probability that the bands which the late Mr. T. J. Down conducted with such marked success will be continued under the leadership of his son Mr. Arthur Down. A practice forthe orchestra has been arranged for February Ist, and on February 2nd, the military band will meet.. We feel sure that in the post of conductor,which his late father so worthily occupied, Mr. Arthur Down will have the enthusiastic support not only of the members of the bands but of the public who have been delighted with the perform- ances in times past. That the organizations will continue to prosper and fulfil their usefuf purpose in the musical life of Warrington will be the general wish of the townspeople. We understand it is the inten- tion that the bands shall retain their old title, so that the honoured name of the late Mr. T. J. Down will always be associated with them.

Independent Order of Rechabites. The annud entertainment and prize distribution of the John Dimond Juvenile tent, took place on Tuesday last in the tent room, Friars Green School. he Superintendent Bro. W. Higginson presided, there being a large number of members and also several o their parents present. A short entertainment consist- ing of recitations and gramaphone selections was given by the juveniles. An entertaining and instruc- tive address on temperance and character was given I by Bro. F. Merlin. Bro. S. Gallop, secretary of the tent, present d his annual report whicn showed that the fortnightly meetings of the tent had been well attended, and work of an interesting and educational character had been performed. The annual picnic to Frodsham in August last was well attended. There were 185 benefitmembers at the 31st December 1903; 119 new members had been admitted during the year, and 3 members transferred to the adult tent,leaving a membership of 201 at December 31st 1904. The tent was also in a Fealthy condition financially. Bro. Edward V. Walker presented the prizes and made a few remarks on the work in which the Rechabites were engaged in training the young to be come members of a sober and industrious nation,l and urged them to take a demo interest both in the tent and the teachings of the order. The following received valuable book prizes : Sisters E. Wright, B. Lewis, M. Lewis, E. Gallop, E. A. Gallop, M. Gallop, L. Gallop, A. Furnival, Alice Furnival, M. Bottles, H. Hill, C. Ball, S. J Wilson,D. Littlewood, and A. Littlewood, Bros. A. Yates, S. Yates, A. Jolley, J. Ryder' J. Foden, F. Jolley, H. Jolley, A. Brown, W. Heaton, H. Pridden, H. Furnival, John Hewitt, Joseph Hewitt, T. Hewitt, J. H. Norman, J. Middleton, J.R. Clegg. Four prizes were offered to the members for introducing the most new members during the year 1904. First prizes a silver medal and gold brooch (1.0. R. presented by Bro. W. A. Platt, M.8.L., of Berry. The medal was won by Bro. John Ryder, and the gold brooch by Sister S.J. Wilson. The second prizes a silver brooch and scarf pin (I.O.R.),presented by the tent were won by Sister Elsie Jones and Bro. Joseph Hewitt. Two p.C. rulers' sashes were presented by the tent to Bros. W. Yates and H. Fumival for having filled the various offices of the Tent. A vote of thanks pro- posed by Bro. W. Wright, and seconded by Bro. T. Massey, brought to a close one of the most succesful annual meetings of the tent.

- -

The Examiner, Saturday, January 21, 1905.

'

===== 0002601_19050121_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
A YE/1111,, BANNING.

The Annual Report of Parr's Bank,

Limited.

The directors' report to be presented at the 40th annual ordinary general meeting of Parr's Bank, Ltd., to be held at the Cannon-street Hotel, London, on Thursday next, reads as follows :—The directors, in sub- mitting to the shareholders the balance sheet of the bank at 31st December, 1904. certified by the auditors, have to report that the position and prospects of the business continue to be in every way satisfactory. s. d

Including £72,963 14s. 3d. brought forward at 30th June, 1901, the net balance of profits, after providing for all had and doubtful debts, and rebating the current bills at 5 per cent„ is 270,010 7 7 From this sum the Directors recommend : The payment of a half- year's dividend at the rate of 19 per cent. per annum, payable, free of income tax, on 2nd February .£162,307 10 0 A bonus of I. per cent payable, free of income tax, on 2nd February 17,053 0 0 The transfer to Bank

Promises Account The transfer to Officers' Pension and! Provident Fund

- 194,392 10 0

Leaving balance to be carried to nes t account £75,647 17 7 --- Sub-branches of the bank have been opened at Stanley-road, Bootle, and at the Dingle, Liverpool. The directors who retire at this time by rotation are Sir John J. Haywood, Mr. Robert Neill, Mr. James Tulloch, Mr. A. M. Turner, the Hon. Arthur Stanley, M.P., Mr Hussey Packs, and Mr. Alfred Hewlett, all of whom are eligible for re-election. The auditors, Messrs. Tur- rmand, Young and Company, London; Messrs. Stead, Taylor and Stead, Liverpool, and Messrs. Alfred Tongue and Company, Manchester, retire, and offer themselves for re-election. CECIL F. PARR, Chairman. 4. Bartholomew-lane, London, E.C. 14th January, 1915.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
CAUTION. A YOUNG WOMAN'S FRAUD.

A young woman, 20 years of age, was recently charged at Nottingham with obtaining no fewer than 8,000 of Watson's soap wrappers by false pretences, and found guiltly. The prosecuting solicitor described the frauds as most impudent. The wrappers from Messrs. Watson's soaps, he said, were valuable, as the firm were giving away over £60,000 in prizes next June, and customers who were saving them were being called upon by a gang of young women, and frandently induced to part with all their wrappers, for twe or three tablets of cheap toilet soap. The defendant had been employed by some woman who had a number of girls going about in different towns, with the result that they were able to make a handsome profit by selling the wrappers again or competing for the money prizes offered by Messrs. Watson. When the detective arrested the prisoner, he discovered thousands of wrappers at her lodgings.

--•- •

===== 0002601_19050121_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

The Free IChurehes.—lniterchanie of fulpits.i On Sunday evening the annual Interchange of pulpits and united Communion service in connection with the Free Evangelical Churches of Warrington took place. The preachers at the respective churches were : Wycliffe Congregational, Rev. G. H. Carnson ; Bold- street Wesleyan, Rev. J. S. Hughes; Latchford Baptist, Rev. R. Wilkin Rees; Legh-street Primitive Methodist, Rev. J. Manning; Bewsey-road Wesleyan, Rev. .1. Yonge ; St. John's Presbyterian, Rev. F. Vaughan; Hill Cliff° Baptist, Rev. C. L. Stowe; Emmanuel Reformed, Rev. J. L. Milne, 8.G.; Cockhedge Congrega- tional, Rev. J. F. Matthews ; Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Rev. H. Wall. There was a good attendance at the United Communion Service held at eight o'clock in the Wesleyan Church, Bewsey-road. The Rev. R. Wilkins Rees presided, and the address was given by the Rev. J. S. Hughes on " Significance of the Sacrament."

===== 0002601_19050121_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
Christianity and the Poverty Problem.

"Christianity and the problem of poverty" was the subject of the Rev. Herbert Dunnico's sermon to a large gathering at the Parr Hall on Sunday evening Taking for his text the words "The poor ye have with you always, and whensoever ye will ye may do them good,"the preacher saidthat 1900 years had passed away since Christ uttered those words, but the problem of poverty in England, at any rate, was not less, but in- finitely greater than it was in the time of our Lord. Still poverty and squalor existed in our Lord's time. He discerned it with unerring eye. He urged its relief. Whenever and wherever He saw it He pitied it. In the spirit of the same Master he appealed to them to con- sider that same problem, but on a greater scale than ever Jesus knew it. If anyone deprecated or criticised the introduction of such a subject into the Christian pulpit,ho would remind them that if Christianity was what it claimed to be it ought to have some light to shed on every problem affecting the lives of men. The preacher said that 30 per cent, of the population of this country were living in poverty, and, surprising though it might be, the appalling fact confronted them that nearly 90 per cont, of the wealth producers of this country had no home they could call their own, they had not a yard of soil they could legally lay claim to, all their belongings could be packed into a decent sized furniture van, and they were so narrowly separated from destitu-ion that a period of depression in trade,sickness or some other similar incident would bring them face to face with hunger and pauperism. For nearly a century the wealth of this country had been increasing at a marvellous rate. The income of this land had risen from 140 millions to 13,000 millions (nearly eight times as much again) whereas the population had increased during that same period hardly half as much again, and yet the strain of life was greater—competition keener, and so vast a percentage of the richest nation in the world were literally starving. Pro- gress and poverty apparently went in hand. Dealing with the causes of poverty, Mr. Dunnico said that it would be well to disabuse their minds at the outset of the idea that the problem was a simple one. It was very complex, more complex than anyone who had not studied it had any idea. The problem of poverty was the inevitable result of the modern social problem, and the modern social problem was largely if not wholly the outcome of the new industrial civiliza- tion. This new civilization had been created by the substitution of mechanical power for physical power. Down to the beginning of last century the world's work was done by muscles, and while muscle was the motive power every man possessed his own. Power then was individualistic, therefore industry was individualistic. The moment the engine became the motive power men then had to gather round it. That meant the factory, division of labour and organiza- tion of industry. Thus whilst the older civilization was individualistic the present was collective, and it was this transformation which had created the present social problem. The speaker referred to the fact that 70 or 80 years ago it was no uncommon thing to find a man who knew at least ten or twelve different trades, men who could do fifty things and do them well; but to-day it took 50 men to do one thing well. He was informed that it took 64 men to-day to make one boot, and each man was dependent upon the other 63; if one stopped they were all stopped. So that whilst under the old regime one man knew a dozen trades, under the new one man knew 1-64th part of one trade. It was the inter-dependence among men which had created the modern social problem and aggravated the problem of poverty. Bearing this in mind, the preacher then said that the cause of poverty was a threefold one and might be stated as follows : (1) insufficient pro- duction ; (2) waste ; (3) unequal distribution. Dealing with the solution of the problem, he said that they must see that no such thing as insufficient produc- tion existed, and that could only be done by utilizing every ounce of the productive power of the nation. The Apostle Paul had said that "if a man will not work neither shall he eat," and when he uttered those words he laid down a fundamental principle of the world. They must, however, bear in mind that there were idle rich as well as idle poor, that there were unemployed at the top of the scale as well as at the bottom. ta his opinion the two were economically related to each other, and if they had not got the one at the top, in all probability they would not have the one at the bottom. Still, whatever they might do to those who would not work (and so far as he was concerned he would make this world a very uncomfortable place for them), there was one principle they must never lose sight of, viz., the right of every man to the product of his own industry. If the com- munity by the complexity of its organization deprived a man of the opportunity to work as he would have done in the old individualistic days, the community was in duty bound to find that manan opening for his labour and to give him a fair return for such labour. If society deprived a man of this opportunity it robbed him of a fundamental right, and if anyone suggested that under the present social order it was not possible to , provide employment for all then the present ' social order was cruel, unjust, evil and the sooner they substituted another social order that would, the better. The next solution he ventured to suggest came under the heading of waste, and he singled out the one he was going to mention because the waste involved was so enormous. They must curtail the drink traffic and reform the public-house. He had studied this question, he had looked at it from every point of view, and it was his candid and unbiased opinion, based upon indisputable facts, that all the causes of poverty put together did not equal this one. They would not, however, solve the problem of the drink traffic by simply reducing the number of licences. For every public-house they closed he would open two, but they would be minus the beer. They must take away from the word public-house all its sinister and evil associations, and make it a house where the working man could comeand enjoy social intercourse, find good reading, and enjoy good Music. They must, however, keep in mind that this wad a question they could solve themselves. Most of them had votes. Let those votes be used wisely and well. There in the very centre of that town they had a magnifinent hall, and perhaps the finest organ in the borough. Both were theirs they owned them, and yet the charges were so exorbitant that no man could hire that hall, engage first-class musicians and vocalists, without being compelled to charge a price beyond the reach of those people who most needed such things. Why did not the Town Council see to it that the public of Warrington had opportunities of using that ball, of listen- ing to good music at a nominal cost? He would tell them why! Because there had been too many publicans and brewers on the Town Council, and too many men who thought about nothing under God's heaven but making money. The next solu- tion, and that had regard to unequal distribution, was to limiter abolish the present competitive system. He wonld be a bold man who would venture to say that competition as we knew it to-day was in any sense of the word Christian. When one SAW the pitiless com- petition of commerce, the unholy struggle to exceed, to take advantage, to over-reach, one was tempted to say that competition was evil and unchristian. He did not venture to say what the future social order would be, but the only social order which could be deemed essenti- ally Christian would be a system under which there would be a more proportionate distribution of the product of industry than at present—a system which would enable every man to feel that he was not fighting for his own good only, but the good of all. He did not say that it would be a system where all men would be equal, but it would be one in which the strong would help the weak, and not the weak the strong. In conclusion, the preacher said that at heart the solution of this great , problem was a religious one. Man was essentially selfish, a change of nature was required to remove this. Law, movements, revolutions could not change that. He (the preacher) knew of only one thing that could, and that was the grace of Him who being rich for our sakes became poor that we through His poverty might be made rich. Poverty of body was a pitiable thing, but poverty of soul was a tragic one. He dreaded poverty. He would not like to die a pauper's death, but he would rather die a pauper than starve his soul and lose his manhood. For what would it profit a man if he should gain the whole world and lose his own soul?

===== 0002601_19050121_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
Farm Fire at Burtonwood.

-- --- The Warrington Fire Brigade had another hard task on Sunday, being engaged during the whole of the day in quelling an outbreak on the premises of Mr. John Rimmer, Ashton's Farm, Burtonwood. The bell was rung at 8.40 in the morning and the brigade, under the direction of the deputy-superintendent (Mr. Frank Turner, jun.). turaed out with great prompti- tude, taking with them the steam engine " Major." On their arrival it was found that a dutch barn, con- taiaing five stacks of hay and corn, was in flames. The weather was bitterly cold, and the fire was fanned by a strong wind. A corner of the adjoining houses had caught fire, but the flames were soon extinguished. The St.Helens fire brigade now came upon the scene,but despite the efforts of the united brigades the barn and contents were destroyed, the damage which is covered by insurance, being estimated at about .:£450. A pig was also roasted alive in its stye. The water supply ; was poor, a brook having to be dammed up. The Warrington brigade returned at five o'clock.

•

===== 0002601_19050121_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football.

(By " Ovallst:"/

The display given at Wilderspool on Saturday by Warrington and Hull was one which afforded the crowd immense pleasure. For once in a way we had two teams in opposition who both play open football, and referee who sees that the game is played as it ought to be. To Hr. Renton, almost as much as the players, is credit due for the excellent football shown. There was also the additional gratification for the crowd that the home team won, though the margin was only the narrow one of 13 points against 11 points. Such free scoring is a rarity in Rugby football between teams of equal calibre, but it is a source of undoubted attraction when it does occur. The speed and clever- ness of the men are displayed to much better advan- tage than when they are spoiling one another's efforts and adopting defensive measures.

For once in a way the Warrington defence was helpless. The team with the lowest adverse score in the League was more than a little surprised at having its line crossed three times in one afternoon, but as the enemy were paid back in their own coin the mortification was not great. Still, Hull's feat was no mean one, especially at Wilderspool. The style of play was bound to result in feee scoring, but more than one try on both sides should have been prevented had the defence been steady. Twice the home citadel fell from reasons quite apart from the attack. A charged-down punt brought Hull their first point,and a failure to gather on the part of the full back resulted in the last try of the match, while a somewhat similar error by the Hull custodian gave Warrington their winning lead just after the interval.

When Hull opened the scoring in such 'a business- like fashion, there were some ominous recol- lections of the Leigh match. But Warring- ton were in different form as events soon Proved. They very promptly and smartly sent Hull to the right about and quick work by the halves resulted in D. Davies getting over and Preston goal- ing. Hull were just as quickly back again and before the interval Hall caught the defence napping and slip- ped over:simply, a goal following. Thus at half-time Hull were leading, S-5.

The restart was sensational and reassuring for Warrington. Isherwood smartly collared Jenkins, the Hull full back, and the latter lost possession. Brooks was handy, and showing judgment which older players might have envied he put his toe to the ball and dribbled right under the posts with thc Hull men in hopeless pursuit. Fish kicked a goal,and later on did what everybody had been wanting him to do—he scored a try .This time he missed the goal,and the loss of so easy a point nearly proved costly. Hull scored again, and if Goodfellow had been able to negotiate a difficult shot from touch the match would have been drawn.

An interesting feature of the match was the first appearance at Warrington of Freear, the Irish ex- international wing. When it was found, that he faced Fish excitement ran high. The duel was not, how- ever, very severe between the two. Fish soon proved his mastery over the Hull man, and considering his want of training played a wonderful game. In the first half, he snapped up a pass right under Freear's nose and made a superb, dodgy run almost from goal-line to goal-line which fairly brought down the house, though no score accrued. In the second half he repeatedly got away, and finally did one of his own inimitable dances down the touch-line and round the posts. Freear, though showing evidences of c ever- ness, was not in it with" the irrepressible," and as a Hull man said, it was worth while coming from Hull to see Fish play.

Hockehhall and Brooks came next in order of merit for Warrington. The young centre showed distinct promise, and his taking and giving of passes was much ahead of his previous displays, while the try he got was a beauty. Isherwood was reliable as usual, and little fault could be found with the other. Kenyon is also improving. Hull were well served at half back and centre. Salt, the reserve balf, played a very strong game and would be an acquisition to any club, while Goodfellow and Cook kept the threequarter line moving. The wings and full back were weak at times. Forward, the two teams were well-matched.

It is a pity all games are not up to Saturday's standard. If they were the N.R.U. would soon be the most popular football authority in existence. However it is too much to expect perfection every week. _

The two successive victories since the turn of the year have brought Warrington into the first half-dozen clubs again, and a point ahead of their dear neighbours from Wigan. Bradford, Oldham, and Broughton Rangers all won again and the championship could hardly be a more open question. Runcorn and Batley c.,nfirmed their title to the bottom positions, but Halifax by los- ing at Wakefield have got themselves into serious difficulty. The League table up-to-date is as follows :- -For— —Against— P. W. L. D. G. T. Pts. G. T. Pts Pts. Oldham 21...16... 5... 0...29 39-175...18 15— 81...32 Bradford,— 21...14... 5... 2...24 43-177..419 23-107...30 Brou't'a R. 20...14... 5... 1...23 40-166...23 16— 94...29 Hunslet 21...13... 8... 0...42 26-162...13 21— 89...26 Leeds Warr'gt'n 20...11.. 7... 2...23 28-130...16 17— 83...24 Wigan 2O .11... 8.,. 1...21 29-129...23 19-103...23 Hull K.R 21...11...10... 0...27 28-138...19 25-113...22 Hull 20... 9... 9... 2...20 30-130...21 27-123...20 Salford Leigh Swinton St. Helens 20... 7...12... 1...23 25-121...31 50-212...15 Widnes Wakefield 21... 7...13... 1...26 10— 82...21 26-120...15 Hal:fax Runcorn Batley 2O 4...15... 1...18 15— 81...31 37-173... 9

Lancashire completed their cosnty championship matches on Monday when they went down before Cumberland, and proved their consistency for the present season. They have not won a match! On Monday they did not try. There was a regular blizzard at Whitehaven, and the men were nearly frozen stiff. At half-time the Lancashire men were going to abandon the match but resumed under official persuasion. I hear the cold was so intense that the blood from a blow on Bob Wilson's nose froze to his face. In addition the ground was very hard and sore knees were general. Fish, Hockenhall, and Preston represented Warrington, and they don't want another experience like it.

To-day, Warrington have to visit the Bradfordians, who will be burning to avenge the defeat sustained at Warrington on September 24th. They are in the form to do it from all accounts, but they must not expect an easy conquest. Warrington have won at Park Avenue before, and they ought to give as good as they get to-day.

The Warrington team for the match at Bradford is practically tie same as last Saturday, the only change being Naylor for Harmer in the forwards. The fifteen therefore is: Hallam, full back; Fish, Isherwood, Brooks and Kenyon, threequavters ; Flockenhall and D. Davies, half hacks; Boardman, Preston, Shugars, Thomas, Belton, Jolley, Naylor, and W. swift, forwards.

Last season the match at Bradford was an unfortunate one for Warrington, who finished with thirteen men and were defeated by 14 points to nil. Harris got his collar bone broken in the first five minutes, and Isherwood sustained a severe injury to the lea, a minute or two later. With better luck to day the team should give a better account of themselves.

There have been important alterations in the" A" team for the match with Rochdale Athletic, to-day. Knight has been replaced at full-back by C. Ashton, the youngest brother of the popular secretary, while there will be once more two Bates operating at the base of the pack. The "A. N. Other will probably be W. Bate, a younger brother of the famous "Smack," who has for some time been on the St. Helens register. In the forwards a new man, named Owens, from the Brewery team, is being given a trial.

Hockey. In the game last Saturday, Stockton Heath just managed to defeat the 'Latchford club by 1-0. In truth

.1

7Bebington beat New Brighton Wanderers 1-0, after having all the best of the game. Tyrer the goal- keeper is to be praised for keeping the score down to a single goal. Northern played Oxton and had all their own way, winning by 6-1. Formby, a young team who have been playing first-class clubs for the first time this season, defeated Chester hy 4-1.

This week Stockton Heath play Western First and, Second, and ought to gain a double victory. The following teams will represent Stockton Heath : First at Grappenhall-road, R. G. Pierpoint (goal), E. Pier- point and E. E. Woods (backs), J. G. Hatton, i. Richardson and L. Fairclough (halves), C. El. Bond, S. Baxter, R. Pierpoint, W. Richardson an d R. Fairclough (forwards). Bully-off, 2.45. Referee, N. W. Bellamy,Esq.

Second (at Western). F. G. Kertland (goal) P. B. Hawtin and E. Fairclough (backs), L. Robertson J. OlifY and A. N. Other, halves; A. Ferguson, W. Howard, W. Longdin, W. Linnel and D. Skelton, forwards. Train leaves Central 1-55 to Manchester.

Since writing the above the second team match haa been cancelled, and it will hardly be fit for the first. teams to play, even if a thaw set inflow (Friday).

Latchford journey to Clubmoor to-day and will put the following team in the field: J. Wilkinson, G. Heald, W. Knight; W. Cobbe, J. B. Wilkinson, and A. H. Rathbonp; W. Spensley, W. H. Banks J. Pearson, and W. Pickles.

The Latchford second is at home to New Brighton "C." Team: W. Unsworth; C. Hale, T. Young; J. Rathbone, A. Albinson, T. Dien; J. Callon, J. R. Jones, D. Knight, J. Wilkinson and W. Smith.

===== 0002601_19050121_art0177.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE SHIP CANAL.

j The Walton :Lay-by Used.

The useful purpose which the lay-by on the Manchester Ship Canal at Walton might serve in facilitating local commerce has received a practical demonstration this week, a cargo having been taker, aboard a coasting steamer in a remarkably short space of time. The steamship "Watchful" belonging to Messrs. F. H. Powell and Co., Manchester, left Manchester for Bristol and Plymouth on Wednesday evening. The bridgemaster at Stag Bridge was duly advised by telephone from Mode Wheel Locks, and reported by instructions from Captain Waring (Canal Superintendent at Latchford) to the Borate Company and the lockmaster at Walton that the" Watchful" was waiting to pass through the Latchford locks at 11 p.m. She arrived off the lay-by at 11.55 and was made fast at 12.5. The cargo of four tons of borate of soda was put on board in ten minutes and the vessel was clear of her moorings at 12-15 ;so that between the time she came in sight and her departure from the lay-by only twenty minutes elapsed. As the works of the Borate Company are kept going all the night and in addition there are two men on night duty in charge of the locks, it has been demon- strated that there is no difficulty in handling steamers by night. Everything was done with clockwork prod- sion,and we understand that the captain of the" Watchful" was very pleased with the rapidity with which the vessel was moored and the cargo placed aboard. The goods, which were in sacks, were run down a short straight into the hold of the vessel. They had been previously neatly piled by the employees of the Borate Company on the dolphin (a projection froal the actual quay) wlioh enables ocean-going steamers to come alongside, so that in some instances goods can be trucked right on to the deck, without use of crane. The projecting dolphins also permit of two barges being alongside a steamer, one on the port and the other on the larboard This arrangement enables four operations to be carried on at the same time, viz. : goods can be loaded into barges, in railway waggons by transporter, lifted off by ship's winch, and trucked off. Adjoining the lay-by is the gridiron, permitting the marshalling of four trains at one time, whilst there is an excellent level road for carts and motor traffic. The borate cargo, if not taken off by the "Watchful, would have gone to Liverpool and been shipped fro= that port. Many thousands of tons of goods areannnally barged or trained to Liverpool by Warrington traders, t because the direct facilities available by means of the ' lay-by are either unknown or unappreciated. Warrington traders requiring steamers to stop at the Warrington lay-by should communicate at once with Alderman Arthur Bennett, the secretary of the Chamber of Commerce. Freight can be arranged direct with the Manchester office of the various shipping companies. Customs entry can be made to the customs officer, Customs House, Runcorn (telephone No. 3 Runcorn). Goods can be delivered on the quay by London and North-Western Railway, by motor, or cart, which ever is most convenient. Porterage can be arranged with the Canal Company. The Manchester addresses of steamship owners passing Warrington appeared in last week's "Examiner.

Monks, Hall and Co.'s Social. The managers and office staff of this firm, together with friends, held their first social on Friday evening last in the Masonic Rooms, which were suitably de- corated for the occasion. The gathering numbered over SO, and the programme was arranged to suit the various tastes of the party, dancing, progressive whist and other games taking place simultaneously. During the evening a letter was read from Mr. F. Monks, J.P., regretting his inability to be present owing to extreme pressure of business. Mr. Poole favoured the company at intervals with songs, which were excellently ren- dered, and highly appreciated. Mr. A. Wright's band supplied the music for dancing, and gave every satisfaction, whilst the catering was in the capable hands of Mrs. Atkinson. The proceedings terminated shortly after. midnight with a vote of thanks to the stewards and Mr. F. Dumbill, who acted as secretary, and as the function passed off so successfully, the opinion was freely expressed that the social should become an annual one.

Deaths. HARTLEY.—On the 20th inst. at The Limes; Grappen- hall-road, Stockton Heath, Warrington, Herbert Nicholson (Bertie), aged 17 years, the youngest son of J. N. Hartley, Collector of Inland Revenue, Warrington. In Memoriam. In ever-loving memory of my dear mother, Hannah Owen, who fell asleep January 17th, 1897. Aged 70 years. " Gone, but never forgotten."

- - - Warrington.—printed and published by Jomq WALKER & Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road Wintgas : 32, George-street. ST. HELENS: 3, Market- street, EARLEsTowN; Church-street, RUNCORN, Jan, 21st. 1905.

===== 0002601_19050121_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ljlAtitt LI ALL 66.ttV IOW). REV. HERBENT DUNNICO. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JANUARY 22ND AT 6.30. SUBJECT: The men and the hour." COME EARLY. HEARTY WELCOME. Rev. J. 9. HUGHES will preach on Wednesday at 8.15.

- B L STHEET WSLELtN Uti 1.114,11 WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JANUARY 22ND. At 10.30 Rev WM. YOUNG, B.A. At 6.30 Rev. 11. H. CARNSON. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. BE WSEY ROAD W ESL EYAN C tiIJRCIi TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JANUARY 22ND. At 10.30 A STUDENT. At 6.30 Rev. MR. M. OSBORNE. All Welcome. Hymn Books provided. Iv ARRINGTON BUTCHER' ASSOCIATION ANNUAL BALL, IN PARR HALL. THURSDAY, JANUARY 261 m. PERCY RANDALL'S BAND. CATERING BY THE WINMARLEIGH CAFE CO., LTD. BAR: T COOPER. BLUE BELL. TICKETS 38. 6D. EACH may be obtained from A. nekyoe, Market Street, F. Lasbford Cborley Street, H. Mather. Church Street, and R. T. Bridge, Latchford.

- PRELIMINARY IfTOTICE. WARRINGTON MARKET TENANTS' ASSOCIATION. EIGHTH ANNUAL BALL ON THURSDAY. FEBRUARY Spa, 1905, IN THE PARR HALL. TICKETS 3s. EACH. GEO. ATKINSON. Secrets ry.

GRAND CONCERT IN CAIRO STREET SCHOOLROOM, WARRINGTON. ON Vk EDNIESIMY NEXT, JANUARY 25Ts. IN AID OF TRH NATIONAL SOuIETY FOR THR PREVENTION OF CRU3LTY TO CHILDREN. COMMENCE AT 3 O'CLOCK. DoORS OPEN 7.30. • TICKETS 23. Is. AND 6D.

ST PAUL'S CHURCH, WARRINGTON. THE ANNUAL SERMONS ON BEHALF OF "TRH WAIFS AND STRAYS SOCIETY" will be PREACHED TO- MORROW (SUNDAY), January 22n3 1905. MORNING : PRAYER AND SERMON, 10.30 a•ril CHILDREN'S SERVICE (Polnin SUNDAY), 2.30 p.m. MEN'S SERVICE, 3.30 p.m. EVENING PRAYER AND SERMON 30. p.m. The Special preacher at all the services will be the REY. HAWLEY SHARPE (OnoArminrn SECEF.TABY). A LIMELIGHT LECTURE will be given by the Rev R. B. deWOLF In ST. PAUL'S SCHOOL, KENDRICK STREET, on MONDAY, JANUARY 23rd, 1905. Subject: .• A Cruise in the Western Fjords of Norway." ADMISSION THREEPENCE, for the beneet of St. Paul's Clergy Fund.

THE B O,T ELER GRAMMAR SCBOOL, WARRINGTON. OLD BOYS' DINNBR. The Third Annual Dinner will be held at the LION HOllll., BRIDGE STRBET. WARRINGTON, ON TUESDAY EVENING, THE 319 T JANUARY. 1905 at 7.30 prompt. President: Robert Pierpoint, Req., M.P. Past Presidents : Jno. Whitt, Esq ; B. R. Pickmere, Esq Tickets, price Si. each (exclusive of wine), can be obtained from myself or from the undermentioned members of the committee :—Chas. 13 Burgess J.P., Whimarleigh street ; Robson J. Chorley,Appleton ; Robert Dobson,Golden square; Seger Owen, Appleton ; Chas. D. Parkinson, Bewsey Chambers; Arthur S. Wright, Wilson-Patten street ; J. Guest Gornall, M.D. Latchford; Wm. Ernest Atkin, Bold Street ; Edward A. White, Cairo street ; Stanley Walker, 29. Wilson- Patten street.— Reeeption, 7 to 7.30 p.m.. during which time the Record Book will be open for signatures.—Rule 9 : }bury Old Boy shall be en! itled to an invitation to the annual dlnner."--4AMBS HENRY S.MHTEWEHT. Dom Bee.. Briery Croft. Warrington.

PARR'S BANK LIMITED. NOLICE IS HERFCBY GIVEN, THAT THE 40TH ANNUAL ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING of this Company will be held at the CANNON STREET HOTEL, LONDON. 8.C., on THURWAY. the 26th DAY of JANUARY, 1905, at One o'clock p.m.. for the purpose of declaring a dividend to be payable on the End February ; electing Directors and Auditors; and conducting the Ordinary Business of the Company. The Transfer Books will be closed from Wednesday, 18th January, to Thursday, 9th February, both days inclusive. By Order. B. W. WHALLEY, General Manager. Bartholomew Lane, London, E.G., 14th January. 1905.

CCCOUNTY BOROUGIEC OF WARRINGTON.- TO SANITARY CART MAKERS kc., THE PAVING AND SEWERAGE COMMITTER of the Council of the Cour ty Borough of Warrington Is PREPARED to BEDEWS TENDERS for one '‘ WADSWORTH'S " TIIMBLUR CART with a capacity of 260 gallons and two hand road scraping machines. Any further Information required may be obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor. Town Hall, at which place tenders must be delivered before 6 o'clock on Monday the 30th day of January 1905. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. THOMAS LONGDIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Borough Engineer and Surveyor's Office, January 20th. 1905.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.—The PAVING and SEWERAGE COMMITTEE is prepared to RECEIVE APPLICATIONS for the po•ltion as ROAD FOREMAN over the men employed by the Highway Depart- ment. Applicants must have a knowledge of Sewerlnt?, Street Paving,lFlagging, ale., and have had experience in control ling men. Wages commencing £2 per week. Applications ha own handwriting to state age, experience and enclose copies of two recent testimonials, to be addressed to the Borough Surveyor. Town Hall, Warrington, endorsed " Road Foreman " and delivered not later than 12 o'clock on MOnday. the 30th January, 1905. THOS. LONGDIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. January 20th, 1905.

COUNTY BUROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— The SANITARY WORKS COMMITTEE is prepared to RECEIVE TENDERS for the supply of the following Materials for a period of 12 months from the It April neat CLEANSING DEPARTMENT.—BoIts, Brushes, Casks, Disinfectants, Hoop Iron, Oils, Shovels, Wrought Iron. Paints, Varnishes, Steel Ashbins, Pails, Wheelwrights' Timber, &c, also Horse hire, provender and Slops. Samples of goods required may be seen and Specification and form of Tender obtained from the Cleansing Superin- tendent, Central Sanitary Depot, Howley, Warrington on Payment of 10.. per section which will be returned on receipt of bona fide tender. The Contractor whose tender is accepted shall pay all Persons engaged by them on the Works the rate of wages recognised in the District and stall observe such hours of labour es are generally accepted as fair in each trade. Tenders addressed to the "Chairman of the Sanitary Works Committee, Town Hall. Warrington" endorsed " Tender for Materials " and securely fastened must be delivered not later than ten o'clock on Tuesday morning, January 31st 1935. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Tr.3in Hall, Warrington. 19th January, 1905.

COUNTY BoROUGH Or 'WARRINGTON.— THE WATER COAIMIT FEE IS PREPARED TO RECEIVE TIMDIUtS for the supply of the following Materials tor a period of 12 months from the let April neat ; SECTION No. I.—Pipes, Castings, Valves. Hydrant Covers. ao. SECTION No. 2.—Bib, Stop and Ball Cooks, Ferrulei,lrc SUCTION No. 3.—Oils. Paokings, &o. SUCTION No. 4.—Yarn. Washers, Tools, Carting. dre. Specifications and Worm of Tender may be obtained from the Water Engineer. Municipal Offices, Sankey-street. on Payment of 10s. per section, which will be returned on receipt at a bona-fide tender. The Contractors whose Tenders are accepted will be required to observe the recognized customs sod conditions as to rate of wages and workin4 hours prevailing within the district. Tenders in securely fastened envelopes endorsed .' Tender: for Material,Section No.—"and addressed to "The Chair- man, Water Commtttee. Town Hall, Warrington." to be delivered not later than 10 a.m., an Saturday, 11th February, 1905. The lowest or any tender will not necessarily be accepted. J. LYON WHITTat, Town Clerk. 7own Hal!, Warrington. 20th January, 1905.

\TACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS:PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet pilules& adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires!are used. These advantages, wlthitheir dainty, natural appearance.have given Maodonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, Et and appearance. livery set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40s. MACDON ALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLLESES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER WEDNESDITS.I to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH;ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9:A.M. TO 8 P. 51 MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

_ VV XT THE PRESENT ADDRESS of JAMES CONWAY, last beard of at 22, Broad Oak Road, .lie is wanted by the under-mentioned in regard to some farm property at Klldromin,Kilteely. Co.. Limerick. —Address JOEIN HOGAX, Knockroe, Kittenly, Co. Limerick. Ireland.

NAME-PLATisB IN OILDEO OLAt'S OR ENGRAVED BRASS Enamelled Letters and Tablet Letters In Glass, Metal or Wood. Motor Numbers. BAXENDALR'S. MILLRR STRIIRT. MANCHRSTER.

I' Alit COMBINUS made up 2/- per oz. 00VERLETTE I TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRA3IES, PURE FROM 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEBO& ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL. _

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pr- -1.. pared pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' noti co or for a term of years. Application to he made to the BOROUGH TREASIIREP, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

VXPERIENCEo Male and Female NURSES at a moment's notice frr all OEMS. -ApPiy NUFINTS INSTITU- TION, Hope 'House, Hope et., Liverpool. Telephone 2570, Royal. Telegraphic address, " Nurses,"

MISS ETH&L SPINICS WILL RESUMI4 HER DANCING AND PHYSICAL CULTURE CLASSES AT TOFT'S ASSEMBLY ROOMS. BRIDGE-STREET, on WEDNESDAY EVENING, JAN, 11nr. THURSDAY JAN. 12nr. SATURDAY MORNING, JAN. 14rsc. Private Lessons given by appointment. For PROSPECTUS apply 4, SALISBURY ST., WARRINGTON.

MR. T. BOOTHROYD, PROFESSOR OF THE VIOLIN, CONDUCTOR ; ACCEPTS ENGAGEMENTS WITH HIS ORCHESTRAS (STRING OR VOW. CONCERTS, BAZAARS. DRAMATIC SOCIETIES AT HOMES, &c. TERMS for Engagements, lessons &o.—APPIY THE "STUDIO" 9, SUEZ STREET, WARRINGTON. OR 18. CAWDOR STRE tiT, STOCKTON HEATH.

SPECIAL NOTICE, WE HAVE THE LARGEST AND MOST UP-TO- DATE SELECTION OP NSW & SECOND-HAND CAIIERAb AND LENSES, ETC. OUT OF LONDON. PRICES ARE THE CHEAPEST IN THE KINGDOM. COMB AND INSPECT OUR STOCK. HUNDREDS TO SELECT FROM. WEEKLY PAYMENTS TAKEN. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71, OXFORD ROAD, MANCHESTER.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. MANDOLINES, GURARS, BANJOS. STRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYRON", PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chnnot). 57. RENSHAW-STRRHT (Corner of Reason-street), LIVERPOOL.

• A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS. JEWIILLEIRS, AND SILVERSMsTMS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHIM:MAY(I G, LIVERPOOL, One minute's walk from Church-street, Lord-street, and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND STLVER BOUGHT. All transactions in accordance with Ado, Parliamen Strictest secrecy and straightforward dealing oombined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes, China. Marble Clow, Pictures, Le., &c.. always on Sale. We are now offering some Special 8AN941.1213 in DIAMOND JEWELLERY, LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS. SCARP PINS, BROOCHES, Bm.. La We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES BY POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices In Liverpool for Gold Chains. Caret ally Zielectea Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, &rt. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAINE'S RICHMOND OfREET LIVERPOOL.

ARMY CONTRACTS, TEN DRRS FOR TRE SUPPLY OF COAL, COKEVand KINDLING WOOD. for the period of twelve months from lit of April, 1906. at the various stations in the North Western District, will be received at the undermentioned office, until 12 o'clock noon, on Wednesday, the Bth February, 1905, for Coal and coke, and on Friday. the 10th February, 1905, for Wood. Forms 0 Tender, with list of Stations. an 4 approximate lquantities, can be obtained on applicationito the Officer Com- mending, Army service Corp.. ' District Head Quarter Office, Watergate House, Chester. 16th January, 1905,

SMITH & WALKER, HAVING TAKEN OVER THE BUSINESS OF HOLMES & BOOTH, THE OLD ESTABLISHED TAILORS, M ARKET-GA_TE, WARRINGTON. DESIRE TO RE-STOCK, AND ARE OFFERING THE BULK OF' THE CLOTHS ATIGREATLY REDUCED PRICES, :COMMENCING MONDAY NEXT, JANUARY STYLE AND FINISH GUARANTEED! TELEPHONE 382 Y.

J. E. HANNAN (LATE WITH JAMES HORTON, LTD.), BAKER AND CONFECTIONE 36, PARKER STREET, WARRINGTON. HIGH-CLASS CATERING FOR DANCES, PARTIES, &c., AT MODERATE CHARGES.

CLEARANCE SALE OF WINTER DRAPERY GOODS, FOR FOUR WEEKS. COMMENCING THIS DAY, (SATURDAY) JANUARY 7TH, 1905. LINOLEUMS MEASURED AND FITTED FREE OF CHARGE. WILCOCK Sz. SADLER (LATH WITH MESSRS. 3, ASHY W. DUTTON), CAIRO-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR FURNISHING IRONMONGERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION TRY J. S GARLAND, 51, 53, & 47,5, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. SPECIAL DEPARTMENTS FOR THE FOLLOWING : KITCHEN RANGES. FIRBGRATES, CHIMNEY PIECES AND TILES. WiioD MANTELS IN OAK, MAHOGANY, WALNUT, &c. BURNISHING:IRONMONGERY IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. GLASS, CHINA, EARTHENWARE, AND KITCHEN UTENSILS. CUTLERY, SILVER AND BLECTRO PLATE, ALSO BRASS AND COPPER WARE, Suitable for Presents. LARGE STOCKS. INSPECTION INVITED., SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.

• PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAR EHOUSIC IN THE COUNTY. 100,000 PAIRS IN STOCK. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

33R.. ANNUAL WINTER SALE OF MEWS, YOUTHS' AND BOYS' OVERCOATS, sms AND ODDMENTS, GENUINE REDUCTIONS OF 4s. TO zos. IN THE Z. (HALF PRICE) TO EFFECT A CLEARANCE, THESE GOODS ARE ALL OUR OWN REGULAR HARE NOT A LOT OF SHODDY GOODS BOUGHT TO LOOK CHEAP, GREAT BARGAINS ALL ROUND. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

GEO. WEBSTER'S OLD ST. HELENS COUGH BOTTLE • FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, ASTHMA, AND CONSUMPTION. IN BOTTLES. Is. 141). AND 28. SD. PREeARED BY X. GLOVER, OREMIST, ST. HELENS. SOLD IN WARRINGTON BY H. SNIITH, CHEMIST, 77, BRIDGE-STREET.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERFCOL, PRAMS MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes. kn. Terms Moderate A FINN COLLECTION OF PHOTOGRAPHS tor Crystolenm and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Oonles of Pictures In the Clontlnenkal Galleries.

CLEARANCE SILK DRESSMA.KING DEPARTMENT, SPECIAL REDUCTIONS IN BLOUSES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION MARKED VERY LOW TO CLEAR. MISSES WOODS, RYLANDS ST., WARRINGTON.

J. & W. DUTTON'S SALE, MONDAY, TUESDAY, AND WEDNESDAY NEXT, WILL BE REMNANT DAYS, WHEN WE SHALL MAKE FURTHER SPECIAL REDUCTIONS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS, TO EFFECT A FINAL CLEARANCE. TRIMMED MILLINERY. 30 TOQUES. SALE PRICE, Ss. 6D., 12s. 6D., 158. 6D. UE.UAL PRICE, 218, 275. 6D., 3,58. 86 TRIMMED HATS. SALE PRICE, 2s. 111)., 4s. 11D., 6. 11D., Os. 11D., 15s. 61)., 21s. USUAL PRICE, lOsi 6D., 15. 61)., 188. 6D., 215., 305., 428. 25 BONNETS. SALE PRICE, 108. 6D., 12s. 6D., 15s. 6D., 218. USUAL PRICE, 235. 6D., 275, 6D., 305., 428. DRESS MATERIALS. 1,000 YARDS WORTH FROM Is. 61D, TO 3s. PER YARD, WILL BE OFFERED AT Is. PER YARD. ALL REMNANTS MADE DURING THE SALE AT HALF-PRICE. 16, 18 & 20, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

E. COATES, (LATE WITH W. HODOKINSON. LIMITED. ) 72, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST VALUE IN HOUSEHOLD LINEN. FURNISHING DRAPERY, CARPETS AND LINOLEUM. ARTIFICIAL TEETH.

F. A. BROWN, SURGEON DENTIST, 8, WINMARLBIGH STREET. WARRINGTON. From home on Friday afternoons.

PAINLESS EXTRACTIONS.

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. \ Remo. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 71 CIGARETTES., rains. HARGRAVES' MANUFACTORY : SwAN-SrlißßT. MANCHESTER.

4414' DIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE TEE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POsT FREE 2s. 65., &s., tie. SD., AID 58. J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANBALIVERPOOL. SALES INCREASING DAILY. PICTURE FRAM MOULDINGS. CARD BOARDS, MOUNTS, AMERICAN OAK (Plain and Polished). PICTURES. AMATEURS AND TEE TRADE SUPPLIED. SHOW CARDS & PICTURES FRAMED TO ORDER. L. COHNSTERN & CO., 10, BRADSHAW ST., SHUDEHILL, MANCHESTER_

I SMOKE SUDLOW'S "OLD Bors " TOBACCO. COOL elm LASTING. 6D. PER OUNCE; ls. 7D. PER iLB. TIN; 6s. PER LB. T. SUDLOW & CO., WHOLESALE IND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15, WINWICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 414 Y.

MRS. THOS. CLARKE WILL CARRY ON THE BUSINESS OF STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THE "EXAMINBBI" OFFICE. 33, MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWN, As before, end sincerely hope to receive the same patronage as bestowed on her late nsband for upwards of 40 years.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S C3LORUDYNE, INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA AND ALL KINDRED AIIALLITS.' This cld and tried remedy has stoo4 the teSt two tenerations. RHFUSII to put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The ORIGINAL can be had of ALL CHEMISTS If you let It be seen that you are not weak enough to accept an imitation COLLIS BROWNSaAS THS NAME le. ID. 2s. 613., 4.. In.. THE PRICES,

GEDDEI3B DANDELION COFFEE The best and cheapest ever offered te the Paths. Sold by all Grooers and Druggists, %nista' 54.. 104., and Is. Ed. each. Wholesale by I. GRODES AND SON. LTD WARRINGTON ESTABLISHED 1833.

B. VA ADSWORTH, T SOLE AGENT FOB THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDREss: 59, SANKEY-ST, WARRINGTON.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD Ann BITTER AM, aLLSOPP'd MILD awn BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S MOP BITTEEN. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BBER. To be had In CASK or BOTTLES Irons B. CUNNINGHAM' WINWIOB ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIG CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-stoppered Bottle'. Telephone No. 178. STORES. OWEN STREET.

_ A BAFE INVESTMENT FOR LARGE OR SMALL INVESTORS. PAMPHLET POST FREE, THE CONTINENTAL PREMIUM BONDS CO.. 31 WHET SUNNISIDE, SUNDERLAND.

RVICRSIONS.—AII elutes of it ' eversions bought • gal ck completions ; loans arranged at low rates. Mortgage securities wanted at 31 to 41 per cent. Business Transfer Agency.—T. SMITH WoRSLEY, 26, Cooper St., Manchester.

310 MM ut —tos El to R5O granted to anybody anywhere without fuss or bottler, cheaply and quickly. Repay- able weekly instalmmta.-- Apply BASS & Co., Conway Buildings, Grey Friars, Leicester.

JJOHN FLETCHER is prepared to advance £5 to £l,OOO day ot application ,to all bona fide applicants, on promissory note only. Cash advanced on deeds, share., or any kind of Collateral security. Most reasonable terms to suit bortowers. Town or ootintrv. Al transactions serictly. private. Letters promptly answered—JOHN FLIITCH Market Buildings, 17.Ttootnas et., Shudehill. Manchester.

LOANS GRANTED DAILY, ANY DISTANCE, FROM £5 TO £l4OOO FOR ANY IMENDIATE WANT, BUBrfaB OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simple promissory note No fines. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. AU applications Immediately attended to. Apply in oonfid. ence, personally, or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN CO., HEAD OFFICE: 9, CORPORATION ST., NIANCHER TER

ADVANCES £3 TO £SOO.—DON'T PAY FEES Aa those Offices who ask for fees,will only pocket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FEES OF ANY KIND CHARGED. NO tiUßßTliti REQUIRED. NO ABLE APPLICATION refused. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through Illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFORWA ED dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply and be oonvinled to the—Manager. J. CALVERT, °LAUGHTON CHAMEEES,I, °LAUGHTON THEET opposite Dr. Knowle I) ST. HELENS.

_c-e £lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £50.-ADVANCE oJ MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT on ROTH of HAND ALONR, SPROUL TIMMS FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit made by our Manager on same day of application who will grant you the money AT ONO If satisfactory. NOTE THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., 69, H AYDOCK STREET NEAR THE MARKET PLACE BARLESTO WN.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SMALL SUMS (NOT LESS THAN co), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 20 years the total amountl lent by the undersigned EXCEEDED .£1,250,000 I He has received hundreds of uninticlted letters of thanks, and has annually, tor the past el rht years, issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied, free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

NO FEES I NO FINES I I NO PUBLICITY 111 ctQ AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY In STRICTHiT PRIVACY to all respectable House holders, Tradespeople, Farmers, and all persons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, ' on simple prornis— Rory tote only." at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit ell classes. Dietance no object. Call or write in confidence to THB CH ttS HI R ADVANCE CO., 25, Cairo- street. Sankey-street, Warrington ; also tt IS, Green wood- street. Altrincham. Head Office sq, Brunswick-street, Hightown, Manchester. Alt ap?lications and letter promptly attended to.

• I

road, Sutton; John Eden (15), Derbyshire-hill ; James Bothwell (17), Fairclough-street, Burtonwood ; David Bothwell (21), Junction-lane, Sutton. Among the injured the most serious case is thaltiof young Bradshaw, as it is feared he is suffering Mina internal injuries as well as a fractured thigh. John Eden has also a broken thigh, and others are suffering from crushed legs and ribs, sprained knees and ankles, cuts and bruises. The medical staff at the hospital hope, however, that there will be no further death. At the pithead the ascending cage was checked by a patent disconnecter, but the heavy wire rope was re leased, and swung over the pulley on to the roof of the engine-house, The roof was cut through, and part of the front wall of the building torn down. The engine, however, escaped injury. THE INQUEST OPENED. THE ENGINE WINDER NOT PRESENT. The inquiry into the deplorable catastrophe which occurred on Monday morning at the Bold Colliery, near St. Helens Junction, was opened by Mr. Brighouse. at the Clock Face Inn, on the road between St. Helens and Warrington on Tuesday evening. The colliery company was represented by Mr. Edwin Peace (Messrs. Peace and Darlington) ; Mr. J. G Thompson general manager ; and Mr. W. Southern secretary of the company. Mr. Pennington Riley appeared for the relatives of John Swift. Mr. Peace said he appeared for the Collins Green Colliery Company. The Cononer: Do you appear for the winder as well? Mr. Peace: No. The Coroner : _ls he here? Mr. Peace : Ido not know. The Coroner : Officer, where is the engine-winder? Is he here ? Sergeant Turner: Ido not know. The Coroner: I should have thought he would have been the most important person to be here, and a per.. son to whom it is of the first importance to be here Have you warned him? Sergeant Turner: I do not know if the colliery company have warned him, but we could not find him. Mr. Thompson have you warned him. Mr. Thompson: No, I have not seen him? The Coroner: What is the name of the winder? Sergeant Turner : James Fowler. We got the address, 2, Brunswick-road, Earlestown. bat I have not seen him since the accident. The Coroner: I should think it would be very use- ful indeed to know where he is.

i - -.•lsii• '.,-.,....,....6,4;.-- ~.-;Git:,„..,' -,;:,;•ev, ~,Mt.c-twi10w.;;;;4,..?..:./.?4,•p.ei5!144.: .. _ 44:114:-).tretie- :f.ty---0 • 0,9•-•,-- ••,..•••:=,, ...-4,0t.-.. • tap lb . ,t- • ,t.:4 ,i er-1. .-*i.4l#*--'" • v., ri. N. 1%...... .t.1.Q0.0.7.1.47., .0") ...ta . (ie•i- JP 30 YEARS' .c.!.....#91(4". ; ,-•-.)-7.,,- •,,,,:.• •i". ~••.0 ..t! . .1,4......,• -:::- b.O ~..,.... •,,,.. . rz• if): ,-, •_lt! -q.drez-4?./. •t• . . •-•t. .A....,gt. UNPRECEDENTED SUCCESS cv•-°l64*, exi•o•ti. 4 • .*, •e• • - .i, • •,...r,,," A AS 0* wfr .oS'-' all. „motet. (Aka:P. the UNIVERSAL REMEDY for ,_ < ~ tIP rA (5' Coughs) Colds, Bronchitis :p..la) , .T..iihkgts 'N4....Airea•Ofr' 1 .074, 11-0 0.,,ie • :/ 6 .26.1; Asthma, Whooping-Cough, . . . • 1%116110; Influenza Hoarse-mess &c .t:e. ... , , ~,......,. 1 / • wen.: HAS PROVED tio.; .. 44,Rhko . . - ,C4il, . or. ,A...., ep• .4, • zze.,,,z ~,440t , ti.,,st .40;(4.1 )(11 I ridge „.....,,,,,,.: ,d,„ ~„ Oh 7 re)). 414., ak • , tiii.l 10 ,g, . 4, e s :11 •Qs4111:4:4111: '%l 4 ) ii . :•••--..*liip -) . re )...• L 4 • #.1.!1 . ••• ....et. , i',:.4•4•04.4fip WIP'• -5 9V4 Y•-•-•401f) tery;ing:4.,,, V . ,5 N• 0. tl 4074 al. rig Tonle No. Clir i avit, 41fr I'' '(!..31 •Ili it WI TO BE AN ABSOLUTE NECESSITY TO EVERYBODY. 1$.0:1. fe, ,-;,;'• 40 . The enormous Success of Owbridge's Lung Tonic could not • ,‘,...,. c.ii, ilinklolh re7.0..4!•-:. have been won, and continue to increase after 30 Years, apart from its great intrinsic merit as the most efficavous ~.:•.,-.-.,-...„, Retow ir.---Perso ..,. remedy ever known. ?wait ~.. ••_.• "re.34'6. Beware of Substitutes, ask for "OWBRIDGE." when .4,...,4. „.....es.-,. buying Lung Tonic and TAKE NO OTHER. 00. ,e'er:S II • 4104-I.lFir,. Prepared by ,w,...e-N• -4.1- wprz:.l3? W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd., Chemists, Huh. • , Sold everywhere_in bottles, at is. lid., nti, 4L'4". 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d., and us. .......,- : • . • .-;;•.:),.14:012). '-..tii:1Ait..„...,,,,,,. •''-'o:7:7* COPYRIGHT( 'Vv• -<-0*- • et. ---. "' 4.4".:.•..:?..-.- tf.:.•ao,„ . .'-s('-e).-614 --:CIT-IP "tt2*-44•4b.netfm-epV6k-f • .6. •-::,..4.- • •-•":?-'• ti,...4-0-0.4.04aeg00ft,056- . ,rtri,,,,,;,,,,, , - ~,-,,v1,•4••:•w

.

"For perfect purity, delicacy of flavour, and nutritive value, Van Houten's Cocoa occupies the foremost place."— Or. .53raitowaite's Aetrospeet of frfedieine. van tic Utefl's ocoa If you have not tried it, Buy a new 6d Tin, You will get 25 cups out of it and enjoy every cup. sgA Perfect Beverage, combining Strength, Purity and Solubility."—MEDlCAL ANNUAL. BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

CUT OUT THIS COUPON tor this offer may not appear again. Fil out th blanks and post it to the llntish Lrquorone Co., Ltd., 60, Wilson Street, Finsbury Square, London, E.C. My disease is . . I have never tried Liquozone, but if you will supply me with a as. 3d. bottle free I will take it. Give full address—write plainly.

Sold MM. TRY Trie.. LADY GOOW G AMU "p'7'etit,4l !Co FOR 5° 9 b. hAbY GOINVA JGA ore tite fines t'"vdte Bri risk cnars - obrednobw GOOD -- 511 KES 2DeacK7for • 619 per box of AVISS (5R05 ITh

LOO&L AGEISM. Joseph Beswick Itorsemarket Street WARRINGTON. W. SHAW Jun., Top Locks, Runcorn, S. JHAVONS, 21, George St., St. Helens. K. CULSHAW, 38 Bursoough St., Ormskiris.

VIE "' WARRINGTON AND MID-CHBBIITRIC ..i. BEAMTNEB." published every Saturde— morning. T" ~ ELRLICSTOWN AND NRWTON EXA.I4INRII , published every Friday afternoon. rHE "Sr. HELENS EXAMINER,' published every Friday afternoon. rHE " RUNCORN ExAmmusa," published every .I. irriclay afternoon. TnE " VIDNRB EXAXII"ER," published every Friday afternoon. TIP. EXAMINER SERIES PR EP AID ADVERTISEMENT AP kRTMILITS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO LET HorsEs TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEnITS WANTS ARTICLES F Imp MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Weee. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

QT. GRORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMMD (late Ormerod, Grierson and Co.), Hume. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHERL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchased all Wheel, Pr,ley and Tooth Block Patterns Ac.. telonglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London-road Iron Works, Manchester, ane. are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kir ds of Engineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and rulley Patterns on application. LT., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic address: " Ormerod Griarson. Manotiester'.

OR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT MX DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE BOON TO WOMANKIN D. They are the best known Remedy for Auaemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, 'epression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Peal, Ailments. Boxes 90. Is IS, 2s 9d, 4s 6d, au Ile. May be had from Chemists and Patent ildb...leine Vendors everywhere, or from the Proprietor. Only Address 3J9, PORTOBELLO-ROAD, ROTTING HILL, LONDON W.

ri`llllF.—A Wonderful Racing System. Astounding I reaults. Outsiders galore. Sportsmen send stamp for Terms and Guarantee.— COPYRIGHT,' Conservati to Cham- bers, Upton, Torquay.

21s. 6..—mreAprSoSdluVcEer, PrHOrNdeOrGliftleePdH;erpoewlishmedoucldaseed records ; sacrifice 21s. 6d.--EDwarucs, 33 Cbeshoini rd., Stoke Newington, London.

BARGAlN,—Clalender Watch, oxidised and gold-cased case; tells time to seeonds, month, dste, and day of week ; only 18, 6d , post free.--• NOVELTY' rim Westminster Palace Gardens, London, S.W.

ICTURE POST CARD AND COAT OF ARKS.—Chlna collectors !Mould write to G. GII,7ITHS, Caxton lipase, for sample of Ilandrindod specimens. bat six beautifully coloured postcards, 5d.; china from ls.

MUFPLISR.—Grand Silk Woven Portrait of King Edward. Tbroat Comforter, 30 in.. .quare. Satisfaction guaranteed. Post free, 44., from GEORGE ARCEIIBLLD, Manufacturer, 11, Argyle street, Paisley.

A EYTHING- in the way of Furniture, China,Plate, minta- LI tures, snuff-boxes, books, lead 'ornaments, bought for prompt cash at good prices, by Mr. ellrEYkNe. 60, Airedale [toad, Wandsworth Common, Established 1871.

ETTING. TTING. Rabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, 1.1 Ring Nets, Purse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.THOMAß Jon:times, Net Warehouse 38 Corporetion-street, Manchester.

rrHOSH ABOUf TO FURNISH. should visit the J. popular warehouse for new and secondhand furniture for cash or on the Hire-purchase system, easy terms. Free delivery.—FLlNeTo3.o, 53 Allen st., Warrington.

I_,llloTO(lMAPHY—Gentleman retiring offers his high-class I_ Business for Sale, seaside, N. Wales. Large Increasing turnover. One year's profit will cover cost.—Box 2128. c/o Sharrow & Thatcher, 1 & 2 Holborn place,Hig h Holborn,W.O.

DRAUGHT SCHILRNS.—Leather. and plain, for Pictures, In art-colours and black, ready for mounting scraps or Immediate use. Novel, substantial, artistic, 3 folds. lie. 6d. ; 4 folds, 15s 64., carriage paid.---JoEN Jackson. Poulton-le- Fylde, Lancashire.

1 NRW Yll R a'd PRESISNTS.—Name Brooches, S. 9D. solid silver. Hall-marked, new Imperial pattern : any name supplied ; registered, post free, lc 9d. —S. F. ALLEN & Co., Paw nbrokers d Jewellers, 49, Scarlet- well St., Northampton.

FRBTWORKER'S OUTFlT—frame, saws, 3 files, drill. hammer, rule, bradawl, table, and cramp, and case for saws, complete set, 35., post free. Catalogue, Instroctlons. and presentation design, 63., post tree.—NYER a Co., 45 Wilson et., London, B.C.

n .17 OFFER : STOCKTAKING.—LoveIy fashionable 19 vel Heavy Rolled-gold Curb Bracelet, Safety Chain and Padlock, In handsome case,with Warranty for Ten Years; wear equal to 18ct. gold ; only 10s. tid. post free.-170 VIC LT Y 91.71,1. LY Co., 228. Westminster Palace Gardens, S.W.

Q ALVAGH UMBRELLAS, 1.00 dozen ex L. N.-W. Ran- k) way Company. Ladies Silk Umbrellas is., le. 6d., 21, 6d. each ; Gentlemea's dilk Umbrellas, ls. 6d., 2s. 6d.. 30. 6d. Packing and postage 6d extra.—Haantxcea UMBRELLA WAREHOUSE. School lane, Liverpool.

rib ° ADVENTINN my Mild Cured New Year Hams, post 1 free, ss. 6d ,I am now sending with each Ham six of various sizes, Newman's Twisted Patent Skewers, also a mould and Sweet Cured, Tongue with each order —ATTEN- 13ROUGIC, .36 Clorelly Mansions, Grey's Innrd., W.O.

I MSS should buy their Stockings direct from the Warchouse.—Black-ribbed Cashmere HOBO, 3 pair for 21. 6d., 31., 3. 61., 4..; Ladies' Combinations, Wool, 41. ; unshrinkabb.. 5s per pair. Money returnet if not satisfied. Carriage paid on rocelpt of P.O. to LONDON HOSIERY Co., 28, Milton at., London, H.C.

T 00K I You have all helped to pay for them before.— .LI ife Guards' Military Rnee Boots, smart appearance, is. 6d. per pair; Naval Knee Boots, very strong, 6s. 6th per pair ; Bluchers, ss. 6d. per pair ; any size ; carriage paid. Lash returned if not approved Of .--HENRIr J. GASSON Government Contractor, Rye.

rpo BB SOI, D.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works. lately used by the Lancashire &tenure Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Land, with siding to the railway. Suitable for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Addrees J. Houma, 16 Fenwiek-street. Liverpool.

BEST and H Cheapest MASUR for Farm and Garden, an effectual remedy for fly, slug, &c., Native Guano, price Ms. per ton, in bags ; 2 ton lots carriage paid ; Icwt, bag paid to any station In Nngland for 58.—Write for twenty-ninth year's testimonial, NATIVE GUANO Co.. Limited, 29, New Bridge Street, London, B.C. Agents wanted.

IIREI4 TO LADIES. Any lady can Pave a free sample of Pates Palette. the Great Beautifier. Instantly pro- duces a lovely complexion. Highly recommended and used by leading Society Ladies, Actresses Ac. Send stamp for postage. Full size bottle It stamps. packet in plain wrapper. Address.—DEPT. H. BATES, Brook's Bar, Manchester.

NOVELTY !—Real Lyon Silk Feathers for Hats , 141 n long; black. brown, grey or ar y shade ; very erfee live; strong, durable, suitable for all seasons ; do not unour when wet ; one price only, ss. each ; also pompoms at 9d. each; sent on receipt o( postal order.—Sole Agent, ALFRED Vote CRUNIGEN, 30, Silver Street, Kensington, London, W.

FOUND DEAD. QA/CFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers well. " After one dressing I found 136 dead nest morn- 13trea. Helstborpe, Leighton. " I killed 200 rats with Sanford's Poison."—O. COOIC, Farmer. Ellesmere. “I destroyed 145 rats with it."-0. WILsoN, Offord.-send Is Zd SANFORD & SON. Sandy Bed., Sold by Chemists

ON fiALE, IN-FOAL fdARS, good hi. all gears, also colt, 8 months. by Edgar.—WaLKEß, Davenport Green, Wilmslow. TREY Useful Two-wheeled VAN, in good condition no V further use ; great sacrifice.—Huvroorw& HEYWWD, Grocers, Morecambe.

I IANARIES.—SpIendId Hartz Mountain Roller Cocks kJ lovely songsters. 25. 6d each ; two for 4s. 9d.; includ lug cage. Safe arrival and satisfaction guaranteed or money returned.—HAmmorme, Live Stock Breeders, Leyton.

ruALBNT AND CO. HIGIIHR BROUGHTON ; MAN- I. CHESTBR. Builders of up-to-date BROUGHAMS VICTORIAS and two-wheelers invite inspection of their large stook of new and second-hand carriages.

VESICO SUDORIFIC for lame or Unsound 110r668. V Vesico Sudorific is the quickest, safest, and most famous remedy for Weak Joints, Sprained Sinews, Diseased Bone, Puffy Swellings, and all ailmenis, causing lameness. price 2s. 6d. or be., of Chemists, or post free.—GREGORY CO.. Temple, Bristol.

CILIARLDPVILLE, Farnworth.—Two Villas, semi-detached ‘../ ON SLR; self-contained ; freebold.—Apply, MSS PURVER, Hale road, Ditton, Widnes. TAM.—Freehold land, in many counties, for cottage .J.J shop, farm, or mansion; plots from £lO each, or £2O per acre (good roids), payabls by instalments, free deeds ; also houses, shops, and bungalows.—Mr. WILKE, Farn- borough. Hants.

CHANDLBRY. General. with Apartment and Lodging House ; always full ; central ; low rent ; well esta b- llshed ; excellent opening. —l2, GERARD ST , Byrom at.. Liverpool.

J. S&LS. CHIPS AND MUESLI BUSINESi in centre Earleatown. Smart paying concern. Splendid living accommodation ; 4 Bedrooms. sent 9s. clear.—Mrs. GRANT, 25, Hayclock at., Barlestown.

LANDUDNO.—TO BI I.la, as going concern Melt - 14 class LODGING-HOUSH ; centre of Parade ; 21 years' connection; terms moderate.—Rev. J. RAYMOND, 17, Gloddaeth Crescent.

GRAND OPPORTUNITY.--41WORRY, Mixed Business, and Minerals; fixtures and full stock ; splendid situation; £9O, bargain; 111 health cause of dl iposal.—Apply N. &Arnim% 372, Eccles New rd.. Wesete, Ma ucbester.

EXCHPTIONAL opportunity offered to small Investors In old-established and lucrative sporting business. Profits enormous. (Unita' doubled in three months. —Full p articu- lar,, apply PROPRIETOR. 53, Sisters Avenue, Clapham Common, London.

WE HAVE just had placed In our hands for DISPOSAL- nobIe corner BEER AND WINE HOUSE. Every accommodation. Doing live barrels weekly and good wine trade. Pumps. £136 only.—T GENERAL, 6, St. Mary's Gate, Manchester.

uu: anttb

CASTLIO HILL N. SCHOOL (Mixed).—WA.NTFID, ASSISTANT MISTRESS, Art. 59, for upper standards. Salary according to scale. -A.poly T. LAtravrAtTE, Heath Villa, Hindley.

QAMEKBISPER. —Situation WANTED, ;single-handed or otherwise, by strong. active Yorkshirernan ; married ; age 36 ; thoroughly experienced all duties ; good character.— KENT, Dutton, Longridge, Preston.

AGENTS and Canvassers, spare or whole time. for patented, saleable, cheap domestic article. Sell In all homiebolds. Golcl Income. Sample le., returnable—The HOUSE CTILYrIgIi CO., Wokingharn, Berks.

A GRNT WASTRD.—Revolution In TYPRWRITRRS. (I. The " LAMBERT" costs £3 3e. Speed, 70 words per ,minute ;' learner' In an boor. English make. You can carry- It. Sent on approval.—Particulars from PRACTICAL TYPE WR/Tiat Co., Mary at.. Birmingham.

T ADY DDT 40T1V13, educated, experienced, undertakes 1...1 private and c,onfidential. inquiries. Divorce. Com- mercial. to. Strict integrity. Moderate fees. Male and female assistants.— Call or write Miss &ASTOR, 241 Shaftes- bury Avenue (two doors from New Oxford st.)

IArANTED murr, Young and Old, to write for our book, "How to become an Electrical Engineer v" sent post free. It tells how thousands gain better positions and salaries studying Electrical or Mechanical Engineering at Home by post; en lorsed by 'Thomas A. Bdtroa and British Bleetricians.—Address ELECTRICLL ENGINEER INSTITUTE 07 CORRESPONDENCE INSTRUCTION, 413, Temple Chambers. Temple Avenue. London. B.C.

GREAT 'CLEARANCE SALE. In Liquidation. RE SKELTONS, LIMITED, ironmongers, General and Wholesale Dealers, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSTEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, Sales each evening at Seven o'clock, of Miscellaneous IRONMONGERY, TOOLS, SMA LL- WARES, Ac. IRON and BRASS FOUNDRY GOODS, Au Thursday afternoon next, at TWO o'clock. SPECIAL SALE of Builders', Joiners', Cab[net Makers' and GENEEAL IRONMONGERY and BRASS FOUNDRY GOODS. Last General Sale. No Reserve. Terms cash. HICKMAN AND SON, ROBERT LOWE, LEONARD BENNETT, Auctioneers, Warrington.

ROBERT LW E. ESTATE AGENT. AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE. No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New nd Second-band Furniture and other Goods constantly on Bale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture, dm. warehoused.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, HUSTON SQUARE. HOSE CONTORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL FOR DIMNESS OR PLEASURE.

ABER YrITWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most Jomfortable Family Hotels In Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 24 guineas per week, or 91. per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from 6s. Table d'Hote at 6.3; o'clock For TARIFFS &C., apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

CONSUMPTION.—IiidIand Open-air Sanatorium. Beauti- fully situated in a park of 25 acres, 750 feet above sea level, gravel soil, south aspect. Bstaslished 1898. Specially constructed out-door chalets—For terms and Illustrated pros- pectus, apply, THE SECHETARY, Bourne Castle, Belbrough- ton , Worcestershire.

T TTFIAM„ WEST COAST.—Air very salubrious; two 1.4 miles of good promenade ; in close proximity to South' port ; four miles from St. Anne's-on-Sea, eight miles from Blackpool. 3, Central Beach ; fronting beach ; view unsur- passed in Lytham ; proprietress a lady retiring from nurs- ing; terms, 3 guineas per week, for good front sitting-room and two bedrooms ; guests provide their own food, unless exceptional arrangements made; invalids every consideration but infectious cases absolutely refused accouchement cases not sought, but accepted—pending, If ladies are well, and during, if nurse accompanies, or good nurse procurable within twenty-four hours ; competent medical man always available ; ordinary tappers not received ; select house contemplated ; good cooking and attention assured ; Bath chairs housed ; no stabling, but carriage hire reasonable, and stables convenient ; terms to long residents same summer as winter ; no extras whatever, unless specially ordered, such as fires in bedrooms ; house now thoroughly renovating ; guaranteed no damp; reedy for oo •uranoy Ist Feb. 1905 ; referencrs.—All communications to BRIDGER BART, and Co. Medical and Residential Agents, 19 Beak st., Regent et, London, W.

IVBII MIXTURB. Prescriptions of an eminent JLI Specialist, 15 post free.—Wrma.ms' DRUG STORES, 342, Wellington it., Grimsby. - - QiCBBILB MARRIAGH.—Its Causes and Curative Treat- A. 3 ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women; a new edition just published. Post free 35. Bd. London.—Snmaxr & CO., LTD., 38, Gracechurch it.

TAON'T 61110 Vi with pain. Try • Roornol ' for all Bronchial, Rheumatic, and Neuralgic pains. Price Is. lid., or send is. 3d. to the • Roomot. 'C0..18 Billiter it., London, for a bottle, post free. Please quote this paper.

VON E 5 years I SUFFIIRED from a distressing complaint of the Liver and my experiences are set out in a"Trestise ow the Liver; its disorders and cure," whch I will send post free to any reader naming this paper—Nev. GEo ELvEN, 94, Toilington park, London. N.

GGS, EGGS, EGGS; 1000 from 40 hens during October, 1.1 November. December. by using the MATOHELESS POULTRY POWDRIt, albs, post free, ls. 3d.; agents wanted.—Addre s, BIRTWISTLE BROS., Crawehawbooth, Manchester.

LIGGS FOR SITTING.—BUFF,• and WRIT li ORPING- CA TON, Partridge and White Wyandotte', Silver Grey Dorking., Brown and White Leghorn. and Houdans ; prize strains ; grass runs; ss. sittlug ; unfertiles replaced. Also few Cockerels for sale, same varieties from Is. 6d. upwards. Inspection invited.—REYNoLD4, Massey Hall, Thelwall.

JOHN BRETHERTON & C.J., LTD., CHAMPION MILLS, . LIVBRPOOL. Branch Office : Midge Hall, Preston.

HOOFING COUGH TheTcelebrated electual cure without internal HOOPING COUGH medicine. TTOOPING COUGH 77—a1l Chemists price HOOPING COUGH 4s. per bottle. Sole Wholesale Agents BRONCHITIS W. EDWARDS & SON. , GROUP 157, Queen Victoria Street, London. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

TowL. eaLOAODYN 4.2. EsNowNED FOR COUGHS, TOWLE'S li 1 itLORO DYNE ) INr LITE /MA, TOW 'S CEILLORODYNE BRONCHITIS, Cuxsumertori, TOWLE'S CEILORO DYNE ASTHMA, 'TOWLE'S UHLORODYNE Seism, ex. 130. per Bottle.

LIVE AND ENJOY LIFE. AS FREE FROM PAINS. ACHES :SICKNESS, AND DANGER AS MAN CAN HOPE TO ATTAIN. USE 3VITA-LEO - - --56 A MEIRVELLOUS REMEDY." EXTERNAL TREA.TMENT. Simple, safe, and ceztain Guaranteed the most marvellous specific for human Ills ever placed before the public. AN IDEAL EMBROCATION FOR ATHLETES VITA-LEO OINTMENT CtrittiS Ulcers, Sores Wounds, Eczema, and other SkiL, Diseases. Bad Legs, Blood Poison. Piles. Fistula, Ac. CURBS WHEN ALL ELSE FAIL". BY POST: VITA-LBO Is. 3d., Is. 9d., and 2s. 9d INTMENT, 75. and Is. Id. Direct from fdants lecturers, MASSARD AND CO., 180. GRIRT B MAIN STREET, DUBLIN. amphlet on" Disease, Cause, Prevention sod Cure" Free

QANDBACH SCHOOL, ClUSHlRE.—Moderate L/ Fees. Illustrated Prospectus from Headmaster. UNIVERSITY SCHOOL, SOUTHPORT. A MOST SUCCESSFUL BOARDING SCHOOL FOR BOYS. W. HENDERSON, M.A., Principal,

fIXFORD HOUSE( SCHOOL, ST. ANNES-ON-THH-SHA. kJ —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schools. Thorough grounding andindivilualteaching. New, specially degmaed buildings new term begins January 20th. Principal J. F. BRINDLE. B.A. (Oxon).

LADIES' SCHOOL BY THE SEA,—Beautiful Scenery. Healthy Air. Recommended by Physicians. Foreign and Colonial Pupils received.—Prospectus and refer- ences trona Miss BRINDLE, Kent's Bank House, near Orange-over-Sands

CH Kr7+lll/01—WINCH a.M HALL, Loatock Gralam. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Large Mansion and Playing Fields. Excellent Resident Staff. Great successes recent Examinations. 50 Certificates gained last Term. AUTUMN TERM begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references, views, from Miss PARKES, Principal.

ST. ASAPH GRAMMAR SCHOOL, N. WALES. PUBLIC BOARDING SCHOOL. Well equipped. Laboratory, Workshop. Healthy, picturesque situation. Near Cathe- dral. Bracing air. Individual attention. Preparation for university, professional, and commercial exams.—B. MAMA, M.A., B.Sc., head master. MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Profeesor of Mnsio,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTHR- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

L3OIITHPORT MODERN SCFIOOL, Scarisbrick L—./ New-road. One of the LARGEST PRIVATE SCHOOLS in the North of England. Staff includes a B:A., a B.Sc., and an Officier d' Academie etc. Language., Science and Commercial subjects at inclusive fees. CAPT. J. O. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., F.R.G.S.. Head Blaster.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL.—THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY, JANUARY lgth. 1905. The HEADMASTER will be at !home to INTERVIEW PARENTS on Wednesday. January 18th. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, Ice. PREPARATORY FORK for Boys from 8 tall years of age, PROSPECTUS and SCHOOL LIST on APPLICATION.

MAN CHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEE, £4 4a. PER TERM, N.B.—Boys entering over 14 years of age pay £5 s*. per term THE TEEM BEGAN TUEbDAY. JAS. 17, 1905. Prospectuses, forms of application, az., may be had at the school. The boarding house in connection with the school is situated In Higher Broughton. The Art School Evening Classes re-opened on WEDNESDAY, Jan. 18th. A class for ladies and teachers is also held on Saturday mornings. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

LADIES' COLLEGE, lIRMSTON, NEA.R MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. ParaclPALa Mrs. E. BLUME. Trained Certificated Teacher. Registered Column B Teachers' Register; Miss IL HOLLAND, London Trained Kindergarten Teacher. Full staff of Resident English and Foreign Idistressea. and Visit- ing Professors. Pupils prepared for Oxford and Cambridge Local and Music Examinations. FEES MODERATE. PROSPECTUS and REFERENCES on APPLICATION. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

BLINDNESS. BYE DISEASES CURED WITHOUT OPERATION BY WILLIAM AMELLOR The Eminent EYE SPECIALIST and Gold Medallist for RUSTORIN4 SIGHT to the BLIND. I have already RESTORED SIGHT to upwards of 30,000 people. Many of these were given up by varions Eye Hospitals in England before coming to me. I CAN and DO RESTORE SIGHT to many of the BLIND. None need Despair. One Visit only is necessary : remainder of Treatment can be carried out at your own Home. NO HIGH NEES, NO EXCUSE FOR GOING BLIND. If your eyes are affected in the slightest, give me a trial. Doctors and Oculists may have pronounmd your case hope- less : if so this is the chance of a lifetime. Send for Book of Particulars, it will surprise you, Post Free on mentioning this paper. MY ONLY ADDREIis WILLIAM MELLOR, 168, OXFORD ROAD, MANCHESTER.

DR SCOTT'S PILLS' UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER DR. SCOTT'S PILLS COMPLAINTS. HEADACHE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS. DR. SCOTT'S PILLS TEE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINH. In a green square package. Prices Is—lid. and 2s. 9d.

THE WARRINGTON AND MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER, pub- lished every Saturday morning. fIIHE RUNCORN RxAmINER, published every Friday after noon. It is the best weekly paper I s the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest lacillties to Adver- tisers. frIIB WIDNES ssxs.m/sEss, published every rrlday after- noou. Winne* contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly grow- ing centre of industry. TRH EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoo... %IRE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every Friday _L afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES. PREPAID ADVERTISENI ENTsI APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND, MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One •Three 'RIX Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. - 18 27 36 45 54

THE EXAMINER. JANUARY 216 M 1905.

2/6 PR (13 M. rzsEiRxeLIv9.AEDL) QIJA R T SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUIET, 118, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 Plug Borrix, FULTON BROS, WINE MERCHANTS, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIV WR POOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime St-eet. Stations, i

The Best • Remedy for Delicate Children It is really wonderful how rapidly puny, delicate children gain in weight, strength, and colour when they are given Angler's Emulsion systematically. The reason is simple. By its effect upon nutrition, it enables the child to get from his food all the good there is in it. It is there- fore an ideal "builder." The little ones all like the Emulsion and take it with real pleasure. Moreover ,it is perfectly simple and safe even for the most delicate infants. Doctors prescribe it for all wasting diseases of children. If you send 3d. for postage, and mentich . this paper, we will send you a free sample. Anglers Emilislal WITH HYPOPHOSPHITCII). Of Chemists, *it, 1/9 and 415; or post free from ANGIER CHEMICAL CO., LG., 82 SNOW HILL, LONDON.

WARRINGTON ELECTRICITY AND TRAMWAYS UNDERTAKING. Analysis of Accounts. In the current issue of the " Electrical Times" is an analysis of the accounts of the Warrington Corpor- ation Electric Supply and Tramways undertrking. We give the following extracts from the figures presented ELECTRIC SUBPLY UNDERTAKING. Supply Started : General, December, 1900, Traction: April, 1902. Analysis of Accounts for Year ended 31st March, 1904. STATEMENT OF LOANS. Amount Amount Amount Sanctioned. Borrowed. Repaid. £78,568. £77,266. £3,137. Rate of Interest, 31, n, and 31 pe cent. FINANCIAL RESULTS. 1902-4 1902-3. Year of Working Capital Expenditure at end of year Revenue from Electricity Supply Rev( nue from Meter Rents and other sources 921 201 Total Revenue Total Costs 3777 ... 4720 Gross Profit Percentage of Gross Profit to aver- ag- Capital Interest on Loans, less Interest receivable Sinking Fund Percentage of ditto to av'age Capital 2.56 ... 2•52 Financial Result, after providing for Interest & Sinking Fund Surplus 129 Deficit49s ELECTRIC TRAMWAYS. Electrical Working Started : April, 1902. Length of Route : Double Line, 2.62 Miles ; Single Line, 380 Miles ; Total Route, 6.42 Miles. Summary of Accounts for Year ended 31st March, 1904. STATEMENT OF LOAN. Amount Amount Amount Sanctioned Borrowed Repaid. £128,050 £97,946 £2,934 Rate of Interest 3-1 to 31 per cent. FINANCIAL RESULTS. 1903-4. Year of Operation Capital Expended Tariffic Revenue Revenue from other Sources Total Revenue 10664 Operating Costs Percentage of Operating Costs to Total Revenue 74 Gross Profit Percentage of Gross Profit to Average Capital 467 Interest on Loans and Lease Rental, less inter- est receivable Sinking Fund Percentage of ditto to Average Capital Financial Result, after providing for Interest, Lease Rentals, and Sinking Fund Deficit 783 TRAFFIC RECORDS. 1903-4. Length in Miles of Single Track 9105 Number of Car-miles run Number of Passengers carried 3,940,305 Number of Passengers per Car-mile Traffic Revenue per Car-mile 9.15 Operating Costs per Car-mile Population of District Ndmber of times Population carried 49 ANALYSIS OF POWER COSTS. 1903-4. Per Unit. d. Energy purchased from Electric Supply Department Repairs and Maintenance of Overhead Equipment BO .04 Total Power Costs £4,015 191 ANALYSIS OE OPERATING COSTS.

.

Diagram 51 shows the two object balls close to the side cushion, the player being in hand. The ordinary player plays the cannon by taking the first ball (in the diagram this is the red) either half-ball or finer than half-ball. Such a stroke) must inevitably leave the red ball behind the cue ball, and the stroke would have to be ' very %Tell played to leave the cue ball and object white well placed for a centre pocket in-off. The correct 'ray of playing the cannon is by a run- through stroke. The cue ball should be placed at or near the end of the D, and struck with plenty of right hand side, and aim should be taken nearly full on the object ball. By this means the red will be driven across the table, and in many positions it will be possible to send the red to the vicinity of the centre pocket. The right hand side on the cue ball will be running side off the cushion, and its effect will be strongly shown in making the cannon. The exact position of the object balls after the stroke has been played cannot of course be exactly de- fined, brut the red may be in position for a pot or an in-off, an in-off from the white may also be left, and often aa easy cannon will be on owing to the object balls by this run-through stroke having been left in front of the cue ball. In playing this cannon care must be taken to avoid a kiss which in some positions can easily happen should the object ball be taken a little fuller than the making of the stroke demands. DIAGRAM 52 • - • .06 • I 4 1011. - S. A.two-cushion run-through cannon. Red ball 394 inches from the top cushion and 24 incli.,?s from the side cushion, object white 17 inches from the side cushion and lj inches from the top cushion, and cue bail on a line between the centre pockets and 6 inches from the centre spot.

Diagram 52 shows another run-through cannon. This cannon belongs to the same class as the one ihown on Diagram 51, the difference, however, being that in this case there is not the alternative of a simple ball-to-ball cannon. In playing this two-cushion run-through cannon, the cue-ball should be struck above the centre and with plenty of running side (left-hand side in the dia- gram). If the strength be well judged, good posi- tion will be left for the next stroke owing to the red being doubled across the t.,ble to the vicinity of the corner pocket, as slat-. -n by the intersected line on the diagram. ~ DIAGRAM 53 ... ....wans-,, , jilatiminommummummgmammow 'll 1 i•. . I ... .:0 .. , p .. e yr ..

Goddard' Plater. Powder Cleanins SilvecElectro Mate& old everpvhere II; 2/6 & 41ez. '

I THE CORN WA L L British Riviera Thousands of delighted travellers acknowledge it to be the ideal home WINTER, HEALTH, AND PLEASURE RESORT. Why incur the trouble and expense of a long Foriegn Journey when the GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY CAN TAKE YOU IN A FEW HOURS TO THE Delightful Cornish Riviera? Fast and Luxurious Trains. Cheap Tares• G.W.R. Co.'s Tregenna Castle Hotel at St. Wee. WRITE TO SUPERINTENDENT OF THE LINE, PADDINGTON STATION, W., for Illustrated Booklet Free. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

l't A New Departure JEWSESURY&BROWM.S , ...,....... —ORIENTAL— ,,, N. ...... ...., . , .., . \ ..._. _ pri ST E The 0 B,ri gi hal , ,AI Only Genuine. . Also in Pots 1/6&2/6. '

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. A RECORD CURE! 32, Archer-street, Bayswater, London, W. Dear Sir,—Sunday night my big toe pained me, on Monday it was much worse, and in the evening I could scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. I sent for a bottle of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 I was much relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair night's rest. I have takentwo more pills to-day, and now, at 6.30, lam alright again. This is a record cure. Yours truly, PHILIP BRANS. EA.DE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. -- EADE'S GOUT & RJ

OW Otitis A long-felt want eappited at last 11l U.! to 1 iiit 7/6 THE 'RELIABLE' BED TABLE. 7/6 (A first-eines Table at s popular price.) By far the Cheapest Pled Table on the market. Will answer most of , IN, Now Style iirl the purposes claimed for those charged three and tear times the money. ~.,,,,,,ii: . V. Indpensable in • sick room. It lii a boo ito invalids and those who I'' 41tis __Ni breakfast in bed. It ii strongly recommended by medical men as • —1.7 distinct aid to convales once. Made from selected Pine and highly ' \N Ilv . .‘ =rah polished. Legs jasowir I,lonor rat.er e• f. 4 ttrapigceor,:arav•llin charge.' .1 or"iti no . as- . household is complete without one. ..t 1 ' t 4 • •'Reliable' Bed Table will be sent carriage paid to any address in the •••• kingdon en receipt of Cheque or Postal Order to the ItELIABLE ...„ BED TABLE CO.. Charles Street, Sheffield. Stocial Queletions hi qaantities, for Hospitals, Nursing Homes, Hotels Nehp •4. 1

notning but a pot and the red ball be quite safe. Of course, the whittle might run nicely te leave an in-off, but to play the cannon in this way is always to court disaster. The high class way of playing the cannon is by making the stroke a run-through (spotting the cue ball accordingly). Played in this way the cue ball has a lot of pace taken out of it by the fuller co..!act it makes with the red, and conse- quently there is little or no fear of the white ball being potted or driven rig!' on to the brink of the pocket, and look at Le different path given to the red by the run-t::1 eugh stroke! In- stead of being left in the rear of the cue-ball, as it must be by an ordinary hall-to-ball stroke, the red is driven into the upper part of the table, and thus far more latitude is given for good position for the m-ct stroke. A well played stroke may leave the red nicely sithated for a pot into the corner pocket (the thick intersected line on the diagram shows the direction that the fuller con- tact may give the red ball, and the thin hue TllO path the red ball may bake as the result of a half-ball contact). Or an in-off may be left instead of a pot, and often an easy cannon from the white on to the red may also be left. In addition there will always be the chance of position being left for an in-off from the white. This run-through cannon is, however, by no means an easy stroke, and the player who has never exceeded a 30 break would almost cer- tainly fail at it if he tried it in the course of a game. Pr- .ty good players should, however, always ph this cannon as a run-through when the white is the second object ball. It can hardly need emphasising that it is far better to play strokes in the correct way, and to miss scoring from them occasionally than to stick like glue to the old, old wrong way and never improve one's game. (To be Continued.) Vol. I. of Billiards: The Strokes of the Game." 100 illustrations. By BISO LEVI. Is now ready, Is. net. Mr. Itiso Levi will be pleased to answer in these columns all questions relative to the article appearing weekly, and as far as possible any luestions on other points in connection with the game of Billiards. Envelopes should be marked "Billiards."

For PILES Riajli‘ilp. "DR. ROBERTS POOR MAN'S FRIEND." The het Antiseptic Ointment for Wounds nod Diiii,e3• HEALING, COOLING, SOOTHING. Of al Chemists, or of BEACH & BARNICOTT Ld., Bridport. DIV Priors 1/1i 2/9 416. ao. Pont Pres. fiesdforPomphiet.

r I WOULD vo u HAVE , 1115 ! ISOFT VELVETY . I SKIN ? ,i*SC ea ! liThezz use 0 1 144 It' I will' entirely, I. (if remove all 1 I--ROUGHNESS,CHAPS,II I TAN, IRRITATION, .et c.,`" 1 Bottles in 74.veEryr shor HAM ltrcra: : li ..,11,and25.6. CHELTENHAM. ...,,,........mLai

THE BEST WAY a accespliaing lay desired end is acquired by experieace. Tleusands of users isd WASHING AT HOME with Bradford's " Vow& " WsM, Matadi's. Is the Lest way. Catalogues aid full part VI post free from THOMAS BRADFO2D 2 Co., orwevai hem work,. eaford Bold , Liverpool VlMeria Aeon*. Duxasaal" Klince•ster ; 14t. J/.141S itellsolus Lodes.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE. OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY EADE'S PILLS. AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! Breakfast Creek, Brisbane Queensland Dear Sir,—Some 15 years ago I had the misfortune be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly all the doctors here, but they did not do me much good. I saw your advertisement and obtained some of your pills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen- erally take them away. Many of my friends have used them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For myself, I say there are none to equal them. Yours truly S. L. HO WAIAN. EADE'S GOUTZPILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all In- jurious matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. REUMATIC PILLS.

r We will give a Prize to anyone writing to us about ; I i E.P.P.I _

• BACKACHE'-'4- ' I HOLDROYD'S GRAVEL PILLS are positive cure for Backache, Lunt. , bago, Dropsy. Gout, Sciatica, and Rheumatism. FOUR MONTHS ON HIS BACK. Mr. A. Newton, of Felt- ham, writes: 'Your pills have cow. • pletely cured me after four months on my back." is. lid. all asemists, or post free, so stamps HOLDROYD'S cal Hall, Clecl:heatoo, Yorks " CURED • - ..1 Its. Incorporated \V"IS 4449?6.. Thames Nautical Training College z H.M.S. "WORCESTER." . Ott Greenhtthe, Kent. ducatos Boys for Officers In the Merchant Service. Navel Caapdpeots,hnigegartrto ticcit. R.N.R. and ,MILIWoRaStER pply ur. auz.LrvAnT. 11... _ _.••• 72. Mark Lane, London. E.O

F imito tIP

TIRED MIEN. When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Electric Belts, write to me, and I will send you a Book, which shows how every man, young and old, may be quickly and thoroughly cured of NRILVOUSEIRcS. RXHAUSTION, VARICHORLII, and DRBILITY, from any cause whatever, WITHOUT STOMACH MEDICINE, or 111.110111101 TY. Hundreds of cures. Book sent sealed,post free, for two stamps.—A. J. LEIGH, 92 and 93,Great Russell St., London. W.C. Over seventeen years' successful results.

• Ii . wouaertul water prootar to TS 800 & HARNESS. Sof. Dales, tens and preserves the leatbei Plissant odour allow pclisb lag with blacking. GOLD SAEDAL EXHIBITION HIGH BSI AWA.DS. Du.bhin Tin., ad.. 6d., P. 6es/6 Of Boo+ Maker:, Saddlers, fronmonessi 13P.c. A taxmlaciewr Bast Ditlyysch London'

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY AND FIRE PROTECTION of COUNTRY MANSIONS., EXPERTS SENT TO ALL ;PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements. WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

CRITCHLRY'S STARCH GLOSS. Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED. Used in the Royal Laundries. hould be uses in every house. On tr.n. AIRRNA anted. MAKE 7, OLD LINEN LIKE NEW. The greatest boon ever offered to the 'Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, Sce. It does not stick to spider-web- Ike materials. Sold everywhere in Packets at Id.. 3d., and (id. each. PREPARED ONLY BY T. CRITCFILIBY. Chemist, suteirsußx. 7,‘Whitecr.,ts ntreet, London, 11 C.

„vs, CuserAßD powo.. Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custard is the one thing needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO ECUS ! NO RISK I NO TROUBLE!

1 ROWN & Co., • USINESS . . , Iki.. 'B,-4 ROKERS AND

VALUERS, Established 1875. If you want to buy a genuine Business, or require a partner, from as to £5,000, in Liverpool and Dis.-trict -consult us. NO SALE. NO CHARGE. 34, South John Street/ LiVERPOOL.

0 tAl(i- s '..t• ) f _....., .. .„...:.,-,-,;(,,„--pouNi), } -.4%\°f.7(€0 C6OlllP°ll . i r c' '''‘ 6SSenCe inseev ~ (tfOIIGNS 1 -'''' -i. oe3eOISOS : / \ ...0 , ii. i!.. ASTHMA & BRONCMITIS - if . , ..., c c ....- _5 , i- --•,'•-- =4 i II --' ----- --- - .. AN : LOOSENS ...-

it must be said that, on the day's play the better tea= lost,for whereas the whole of Latchford team played a bustling,fast game,and the home forwards were quite at their worst, the Latchford half backs breaking up any attempt at combination with ease. The Latchford team are a well balancikl side, and have in their ranks some players of more than average merit. Among their halves is Wilkinson, who proved a great stumbling block to the home forwards, and I should place him among the best halves, I have seen this year, while Rathbone if not so brilliant, played a good sound game. in the forwards is Banks, a forward whom I have always Ldmired for his dash and gentlemanly play, and last week he was certainly the best forward on the field. J. Spensley and Cliffe made a good wing being very fast, and with a little more understanding among the quinttete, the Latchford team would win a lot of matches. R.Hallows was the best of the two backs,ancl I. Wilkinson in goal could not be blamed for the shot that scored. --- The display given by Stockton Heath was very dis- appointing, although it must be taken into considera- tion, that Eric Fairclough got his" specs," broken at the commencement, and for the rest of the game could not see the ball properly, which gave the Latchford forwards more room to move about in, than would otherwise have been the case, besides weakening the attacking power of the home team. -- -- None of the home forwards seemed to be able to judge the speed of the ball, but this might be caused by the team having played so few home matches, and having played the last two Saturday's on laid grounds, Sale and Timperley. The goal for Stockton Heath was scored by R. Pierpoint. J. Richardson and L. Fairclough played well at half, and E. Pierpoint and E. E. Woods at back were most effective, and to these four players the chief honours of a lucky victory must go. I The Latchford second entertained the Stockton Heath second at Latchford, and won by 2-0. The score about represents the play, although it should be mentioned that one of the visiting team failed to put in an appear. ance. --- Last week's matches caused some surprises, for instance Bowdon beat Alderley Edge by 6-0, while Brooklands overcame Kersal. Sale only defeated Moss Side by 2-0, the score being kept low, by the excellent form shown by the Moss Side goal keeper. West Derby and Western, two old clubs who have struck a bad patch, played a draw, though Western had a more scratchy team than usual, and had only ten men during the whole game.
