===== 0002601_19050617_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19050617_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASE DON'T FORGET I THE CHILDREN'S DAMP. WEEK'S HOLIDAY FOR TEN SHILLINGS

===== 0002601_19050617_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
KINDLY RBMIT AT ONO 2 TO

ARTHUR H. LEE, Hox. TREASURER, TAPESTRY WORKS, BRICK-STREET. W. H. J. JENKINS, Hox. SECRETARY, IST JUNE. 1905.

WARRINGTON.

THE RICHMOND GAS STOVE AND METER COMPANY LI IJITED. —NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the TRANSFER BOOKS of the ORDINARY end PREFERENCE SHARES of the Company will be CLOSED from June 20th to June 30th Inciusive for the purpose of preparing warrants for Interim dividends. JAMES W. SLACK, Secretary. Academy-street, Warrington. June 16th 1906.

MR. T. J. DOWN'S MILITARY BAND

IN THE PARK.

NEXT THURSDAY AT 7.30 P.M.

EDUCATION ACT, 1902. CREsHIRE LOCAL EDUCATICN AUTGORITY. Nunez IS HEREBY GIVEN in accordance with he prc,visiong of Section 8 (1) of the Education t•,!t. 1902. that the Cninty Council of the County r`littihe of Claester,teing the Local Education Authority 2crthe parposes of Part 111, of that Act, propose to T4tov de a new Public Elementary Echnol to accommn- ti4,te about 800 Scholars in the Parish of STOCKTON in the Rural District of Runcorn. The School "I be available for the follnvviim area THE PARISRE3 OF hTOCKTON BEATH, LATEFIFORD WITHOUT and WALTON INFERIOR, in the Rural District of Runcorn. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk tn the Local E lineation Authority. _oat 16th May, 1905. "9ction • 8 o (1) f the Education Act, 1902, provides as follows (1.) %here the Local Education Authority or any other pereons propose to provide a new Public Elementary school, tLey shall give public notice of their intention to do so, and the Managers of any rxisting School, or the Local Enucation Authority (where they are not themselves the persods proposing to prJoide the School) or any ratepayers in the area for which it is proposed to Provide the Schott', may, within three months after the nctiee is given, appeal to the Board of Education on the ground that the proposed School is not required, or that a S,Aiool provided by the Local Education Authority, or not so pro- vided as the case may be, Is better suited to meet the wants of the District than the School pro- nged to be provided, and any &boot built in orntravention of the decision of the Board of Education on euch appeal shall be treated as urnecessary."

CONDUCTED TRIP TO ISLE OF WIGHT JULY In ; PARIS. JULY 12TH, PRLIX MILLS, 163, Lee street, Oldham. htsmp.

EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 122, LONDON ROAD, LIV ERPOf )t,, PAWNBROKERS, J EWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND M ERCHANTIS DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILV ER W ,511 C I-IES. SOLID SILVER,

(37 ALL TEX LEADING MAXIM)

ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY OP EMT DEBYRrPTION.

30 10 50 PER DENT. LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES Old Cold and Sliver Antique., Dialhoudeeto., bought or:taken In exchange. ' Matey advanoe on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &a., to any amount at low rates etinterest strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. . TELEPHONE, EOM..

A PARTMHNTS for June and July ;four bedrooms and el. two sittinc-roorns ; highly recommended ; near station —Mrs. fORNER, Hellgarth HOus., Tbornthwklte, Keswick.

FRANK STRINGER & CO.l 104, WILDERSPOOL ROAD. WARRINGTON. PURR WHOLESOME BREAD AND CONFECTIONERY. ORLY THE CHOICEST MATERIALS USED. DECORATED CARES ON THE SHORTEST NOTICE.

DOUGLAS. ISLB OF MA.—FURNISHBD from June to September. Semi-detached HOUsli ; bee, and healthiest situation ; containing seven bedrooms. three reception bath, kitchena, usual uftices ; stocked kitchen and dower gardens ; near set and places of amusement ; rent 7 guine,a (weekly, or near offer.—Apply MILER. Thurlby Cottage, Victoria rd.

A BSDBLL near LYTHAM.—Near station, tr.tin arid set. Ilvery convenience. Terms moderate.—Misa TOWE, 17. Buckingham rd.

Cl_LASOOW.—Visitora have HOUR from HO It, very central, every comfort, good board, cheap.—Onato, 55 Rote at., Garnetbill.

I)GACKPOOL,—Bed, cooking and attendanee, Is. each I/ person per day. Piano. Book Central btatiott. - Mrs. BaooKs. 1J Central rd.

APIS. BUTTRRWOHTH. 11, Saville rd., 11Iackpool.— ITIAPARTMENTS le. Ler clay,witb full board 41. incluelve, Redaction for families.

TSUI OF MAN —SUPERIOR PRIVATE VILLA TO LMT FURNISHED. Adapted for reetful hoIIaay.—FIEPTVIVE VILLA, Port St. Mary. - HYL.

.—APARTMENTS. private or 'public, with or with- Ire out boar," ; borne comforts ; parties catered for.— WILLIAM., 7, Podfor t.

C-- LBHTHORPE4,—Cofortable APAHTfillibirS To Let m near sea and station; piano; easy terss.—Mrs. DENNY, 5, Dolphin st.

CoLwyN BAY.- APAISTMENV, board optional. Beds from le. 64.; n.ar station and ses.—Mrs. HERBERT. Marina. Greenfield rd.

COUNTRY APARTMIINTtS Near Blackpool ; piano, bath. and good at...bling. —Mrs. SNOWDEN. Bungalow Castle, Thornton-le- rylele.

01,13V8LICYS.—Cornfortable and @elan APAlinNvi fselz2g sea ; pubdo or private.—Mrs. Baaogn-Cauar West Lynn, Prosr,nade.

BISPHAM, BLAU/CPC/C./L.—Comfortable A PARTAIIiNTS. close to sea : golf, ?rams, nice views; write for terms. —SEERDLEY, Cliff terrace.

BR 1 DI fi BATHS,—Oomfort,ble APARrMNTd, 5 min. B from baths ; terms moderate. —Cawntram, 14, Moreton et., Winnington, Northwielo.

B- LACKPOOL. —Mrs. W. RIG°, ES. Keswick rd.. Central Drive.—APARMINNTS. Bath; Plano. li. each per- son. Cy3lie,s accommodated.

SOUTHPORT.— Superior APARTMENTS, two minutes from Promenade ; home comforts ; moderate terms.— Mrs. BRIBTONVE, 33. Avondale rd.

I) *Mehl. .I.o.M.—Cocutortable AtAuTMt privato 111. and public; terms moderate.--tdrs. GRIFFITHS, Gladstone House, Gladstone rd.

DUBLIN.-49, Eccles st. Comfortable APARTMIIIiII ; select. central ; moderate for visitors. Sitting-room. plano.—Mrs. GEORGE S EYMOITR.

COMFORTABLB APARTMEINTS ; near pier; fine view. Terms moderate, with attendanoe.--Mrs. MCKELLAR. Celdew Villa, Mary St., Dunoon.

TAUBLlN.—Vlaitora can have COMFORTABLE BED- BOONS.I, central ; moderate ; board If requlred,—Mr. ROBINSON, 37. Lower Gardiner at.

ABERYiTWYTH. CO?dPORTABLE APARTMENTS 50 rrds from beach; smln. statlon.—Ers. HEARNE Tebyg-I-Cartref. Castle terrace.

BUXTON.—ROMEGY APART Yams. groand filar bed- rooms terms moderate, on application. —BLoolt, Man- chester House Fairfield Road.

P-- LEASANT country APARTMENTS, sitt m ing-roo and three bedrooms, accommodate CyClillt9.—Mrs SREPKaap J übl lee Cottage, Thornton-le-rykle.

13ORTRUSH, IRKLAND.—APARTMHNTi witt, or with- out board. Near sea, golf links. Plano, Moderate —Mrs, fdEinocx, 95. t, Causeway it.

)01dFO1LTABL }{ Country APAR ird/SNTS ; splendid kJ district ; ressonabl, terme.—Mrs. THOHNBER, Francis Green Farm, Ribchester, near Longridge.

13LACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTNISSTS, public o; private, board optional ; terms moderate ; sea view.— inlatrxs, 18, Wellington rd., booth &lore.

a LABLIUDNO JUNCTION near Conway Comfortable— .l..J APARTMENTS; excellent view; terms strictly moderate.— td re. FINVEY, 4, RoMievelt terrace.

BLACKPOOL. —Good AOCOSIXODATION, board If required, at C. ORAH4III'B, 45 Livingstone rd., Patentlna rd., near Central dtatlon and Pier.

ST. JOH Ws—FURNISHED HOI.TdIS toILBT ;3 bedrooms, sitting-room, kitchen. &c. ; nicely situated; terms mod. —J. BREW, 7, Pretoria-ter.. St., John's. 1.0. M.

FURNISHED HOUSE. Country, July or longer ; two sitting, four bedroom,; near church and station; terms moderate. -Apply DEvAsreorsT. Press, Salop.

A FARM lili'l S. Furnished' or uniurnished ; pleasant out- fit look; bath ; terms moderate. —Mrs. Dawsos, 7, Walton Crescent. Lower Walton, near Warrington.

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. HARGRAVES' G.GARS J riC423. HARGRAVES' IGARETTES

Ii!TAB.

MANUFACTORY: SWAN-9 riZIMT. MAI

.NCHRSTHI

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE, THE BIM AND CHHAPBST ByHR OFFBRBD TO TEE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROUERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND J.B. BD., EACH WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. ESTABLISHED 1833.

A. AND jr,, AILAINE, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND SILVEBsasiTHB. 17, RICHMorin-sTEBET. WHITBOHAPEL. LIVERPOOL. One minute's walk from Church-street. Lord-street. and G.P.O. Money lent at lowest rates on Diamonds, Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. OLD GOLD AND MYER BOUGHT. AE transactions In accordance with &no( Parliamen Strictest secrecy and strat4htforward dealing combined A CHOICE SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Sliver Plate (Antique and Modern), Bronzes. China. Marble Cinch, Pictures, dc., Ito., always on Sale. We are now offering some Special BAIVIAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLEAY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARF PINS, BROOCHES, Ac.. Ac We respectfully solicit Intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES BY I.OSI RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, • Alterations and Mountings ot all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest prices In Liverpool for Gold Chains.

Caret uifv---.3-e—lec—te—a Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRAufiLEM, eto. GOLD and SILVER WATO DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit air pockets.

M'LAINETI

- RICHMOND ONCE T LIVERPOOL.

CE 2 McDOUGALL'S Patent SELF—RAISING FLOUR ANAYS USEDD. The Examiner Saturday, 1 June 17 1905. WOMEN'S CHAT. WOMAN'S REALM. THE BLACK _ _ The Swedish People and Wedding Gifts.—lt is not DRESS-FASHION-HOME. M 0 TOR CAR. the custom among the scandinavian people, to give wedding presents, andithis accounts for what would • otherwise be tbe strange circumstance that Princess Y J. B. HARRIS BURLAND. Margaret has not received any gifts from members of the Swedish Royal fam;ly. An exception to this rule was however, made by the Swedish and, Norwegian residents in this country, who have presented the Princess with a silver-gilt dessert service, out of regard for our national custom orr such occasions. The gift was presented through the Swedish minister, and it was not allowed that the offering should be in any way marred by the political separation which has taken place between the two Scandinavian kingdoms. The only evidence of this event at the Royal wedding, was afforded by. the fact that one or two Norwegians in the suite of Prince Gustar Adolf were replaced by Swedish officials. It is not likely that the action taken by Norway will greatly disturb the peace a mind of the young Prince and Princess, but it is viewed in the- different light /of a national disaster by King Oscar. One result will be to deprive him of a considerable part of his Civil List, as, hitherto the King has received about £73,000 annually from Sweden, and about £27,000 !tom Norway, though it is possible that Sweden will Make up this difference in the royal allowance. Princess Margaret's Wedding Gifts.—The wedding presents received by Princess Margaret were exception- ally numerous an{ beautiful, and made a magnificent display when set forth in one of the drawing-rooms at Clarence House, when the Duke and Duchess of Connaught gave an afternoon party to view them. The Queen, the Prince of Wales, and many members of the Royal Family were early visitors,and Princess Margaret was kept busily engaged in pointing out interesting gifts. Rubies are the favourite gems of the young Princess, and the King and Queen presented her with a beautiful crown and necklace of these stones, surrounded by diamonds. The Duke and Duchess of Connaught pre their daughter a diamond crown, some furs,a silver mirror, and other handsome presents. The Khedive and Empress Eugenie both sent beautiful and costly gifts, and a necklet of rubies and diamonds, which was much admired, was the joint gift or the Prince and Pr' ncess of Wales, the Duke and Duchess of Fife, Princess Victoria, and Prince and Princess Charles of Denmark. Another combination gift of jewels was given by the Duchess of Saxe-Coburg, and her four daughters. There were altogether three large cases of jewels of fascinating interest,and also a host of other gilts which testify to the great general popularity of the young

Princess. A Distinguished Visitor.—The Khedive of Egypt, who was so interesting guest at the Royal wedding will be one of Sir Ernest Cassel's house party for Ascot week. There is little of the Oriental about him, for be was educated in Europe. He is a great friend of Sir Ernest Cassel, who has large interests in Egypt, and the Khedive has also been entertained, whilst In London, by the Earl and Countess of Londatborough, who spent the greater part of last winter at Cairo. Lady Lortdes- borough is a hostess of considerable importance, and her halls and dinner parties are considered among the best in London Society. She was Lady Grace Fane,and is sister to Lord Westmorland. Formerly Londes— borough used to rent Alington House when in London, i but this fine mansion !tow belongs to him,and the family have recently taken up their residence there for the season. The Secularisation of Sunday.—Whilst with us the , secularisation the Sabbath proceeds apace, the; tendency on thelrontinent is to make Sunday more a day of rest, than of pleashre and excitement. It is possible that we, having gone from one extreme to another, may witness a similar reaction from the now generally accepted view' that Sunday, is the most con- venient day of the week for balls, dinners, card parties, and various other entertainments and outdoor amuse- ments. For this state of things, there is no doubt that the fashionable world has had much to do. If any one class is more to blame than another for the disappear- ance of the old-fashioned Sunday, it is the new ariatocmcy of finance and industry, which has per- meated the aristocracy, but however this may be, it is not surprising that when people of wealth and rank make Sunday pleasuring fashionable, other classes who have not all the week to themselves, follow their example. From the gloom of the mid-Victorian Sabbath, we have gone to the other extreme, and it is now common to refer to the week end as dull and wasted if *he Sunday has not brought its usual pleasures and excitements. Concerning Sunshades.—The dressy sunshades are this year more entrancing than ever, with their soft, cloudy chiffon and lace frills, and becoming linings. Cream linsar with rose pink is the leading combination, and undoubtedly this greatly enhances the beauty of the : eyes and complexion. For less ceremonious occasions., plain silk parasols with a border design carried out in ribbon work, or the linen parasol shoring much embroidery and scalloped edges, are likely to enjoy a great vogue—that is, when it becomes safe to lay aside the stout and trusty umbrella, which so far this year has proved almost invariably indispensable when taking our walks abroad. The taste for a startling red, or a bright periwinkle-blue sunshade or cutout cat, is deemed a questionable one, and save at Henley, such noticeable varieties are not likely to be carried by well-dressed women. As for the handles, the best range through pearl—clear and smoked, ivory, gold, copper, and gun- metal, set with every kind of real or imitation gems. Very little in the shape of "freaks" or humorous designs is shown in the leading emporiums, and the sticks are longer than they have been during the past two or three seasons. Veils Fashionable.—The vogue for the real lace veil, which is draped round the hat or toque, and thrown back, so as to form a "curtain," is one of the most charming yet devised, in the millinery world. The-veil may be either in black, white, or cream, or the tint which age— or art—affords, but real lace alone should be utilised for such a pnrpose.—Moreover it is only with a dressy afternoon toilette that this draped veil can be suitably worn. For all other occasions, veils are gathered about the brim, and beneath the chin, and tied neatly behind, the ends being tucked away out of sight. Save on the few hot days we have experienced i this summer, veils have been in great request and there is no doubt that the average woman benefits by this particular fashion. Dust Wraps.—The craze for white has brought about a considerable demand for dainty dust wraps,and those simple varieties being offered just now, in cream alpaca, and tusso e silk, will prove an excellent investment to the girl or woman who has an affection for white apparel, but who is forced to regard it from an economical point of view. Even in town, white and cream is by no means the extravagant wear it was once deemed, but a pretty covering should always be avail- able to slip over such a toilette, when going by train, omnibus, or car, to and from one's destination. Such a wrap is by no means difficult of manufacture at home, but countless bargains in this direction will be offered at the July sales,when doubtless many will be secured , at less than the fabric alone would cost. Frayed Linen.—A laundress who is as successful as I most of her class in shortening the life of linen garments she is entrusted with, says that it is a mistake to trim the frayed edges of cuffs and collars with scissors. The ' better way is to take a lighted taper, and burn off the loose threads. If this is done she says the articles will stand much more of her treatment and still be wearable than is the case when scissors are applied. Laundresses as a role are suposed to take a delight, in the destruc- tion or linen, but this one is evidently more kindly disposed than the msjority of her class, and the hint she gives may be useful to many of U 3 who suffer at their hands. .

.lADGE.

WOMEN AS JEWELLERY WORKERS.

Jewellery working is one of the most satisfactory artistic crafts for a lady to practise, says the Lady. The work will probably be congenial, since gold and silver and precious stones are things that most women lore to handle; and the craft is a light one, involving the use of no heavy or unwieldy tools. The most necessary qualities for a worker are patience, neatness, and great attention to detail, and these no cultured woman ought to find it difficult to give.

CHAPTER XVII. THE COUNTESS OF HEATHERSTONE.

ONE winter's evening, a few weeks after the

events narrated in the last chapter, two women sat in the Countess of Heatherstone's boudoir. The atom was on the first floor and looked over the marshes to the sea. A> door ' opened from it into another apartment, which was used as a dining-room; Another door opened from this into a bedroom, the same room where Jordison had tried • his prentice hand at burglary. , . For two years the whole world, to the Countess of Heatherstone, had consisted of these three roams and the semi-circle of country which she could see from her windows, and the latter was but -a fairyland, untrod, unvisited, and no more real than the scenes portrayed in books'and pictures. She never descended from her apartments to the whirl of society that moved through the palatial reception rooms .beneath her. She had no part. in her husband's life. She received no visitors save those of her own family. Strangers coming to the house for the first time scarcely_ knew of her existence. For all practical purposes she might have been dead. Mistress of the most magnificent establishment in the east of England, she saw none of its glories and held converse with none of the great leaders of men that came to stay under its roof., Her, husban,l, kind and sym- pathetic, came to see ner three times a day. The hours were marked out and observed with strict regularity. He came to the minute, stayed exactly half an hour, and departed. Her step-daughter came in and out at all times. Her presence, was a ray of sunshine, but the sick woman was not sorry to be left 'to her own darkness. The fair and beautiful girl served only to remind her of *hat she herself had been. Her son, the only thing she loved on earth, was dead.

Lady Heatherstone was a comparatively healthy woman, and the doctor promised her long years of life. But two years previously a terrible and loathsome disease had attacked her, and left such frightful ravages on her face that she would not even let her husband look upon it. For two years no living soul had seen beneath the black silk hood that veiled it from the crown ,of her hair to her shoulders. Lady Heatherstone never unveiled, save when she was alone. It was noticeable that there was only one looking-glass in any of the three rooms, and that this was covered with a thick piece of black velvet. In this manner she had resolved to live until death released her. It was a living death, but she had not the strength to face the world again. In years gone by she had been the most beautiful woman in the county. Now the veriest scarecrow among women could thank God that she had not the face of the great Countess of Heatherstone.

On this particular evening Lady Agnes Cliffe had looked in to chat with her stepmother for a few minutes before going to bed. The Countess sat at-, a large rosewood and ormolu table, arranging a pile of russia and morocco gather cases in front of her. In one hand she held a pencil, and opening one case after another, she ticked off the various items on a piece of paper. Lady Agnes sat a couple of yards away, and watched her step-mother listlessly. Her face was very white and tired. All the brightness seemed to have died ont of it. Life had begun to deal hardly with this Young girl, who had hitherto known so little of sorrow. The first blow fell when Lord Overcliffe was killed, the second when Arthur Holme said " Good-bye " to her for ever. The third, a thousand tunes wore terrible', more certain and more irrevoca- ble, when she heard that his yacht had been found dnfting off the Essex coast, and that the dead body of Outen had been picked up near the mouth of the Long Haven Creek. It was quite clear to her that he was dead, though the inquest on Outen gave no clue to the mystery of the death of either men. There was no doubt that the sailor had been drowned, and the Coroner's jury expressed no further opinion on the matter. The " Rover " had 'certainly not foundered, and it seemed inexplicable that her two occupants, both 'experienced sailors, should have come to grief in fair weather. The mystery was in- tensified by the fact that the boat was found drifting with all her sails stowed, and her anchor on board.

telpfece and placed the other in her pocket. Then she took the revolver from the drawer

Lady Agnes had read every word of the evidence, and though it told her nothing, it seemed to leave no room for any hope. Un- doubtedly Arthur Holme was dead, and one day the sea would give up the body to the shore.

The Countess of Heatherstone knew her step - daughter's story, and was not ill-pleased with the termination of so unpromising a love affair. She cared very little for the girl's future happiness, but the traditions of the great Heatherstone family had been ground into her soul, and she had no sympathy with a mesalliance. She was not altogether sorry that a clbud was blotting out some of the sunshine of a fair young life. The clouds were very dark above her own head, and the thought of another woman's happiness was gall to her.

This evening, however, she had no thought for anything but the blue, crimson, and green leather cases in front of her. They were of all shapes and sizes, but each one was stamped Kith the Heatherstone crest and coronet. A rewomore faded than the others, and relics of a more ostentatious period, were impressed with the full armorial bearings of the family—coat of arms, crest, coronet, supporters, and motto. Every one of these cases, and there were one hundred and fifteen in all, contained jewels. Specimens of nearly every gem of the earth were hidden in these little leather shrines. Rings, brooches, bracelets, and tiaras flashed one by one into view as the Countess raised the covers and checked the contents on her piece of paper. She looked at each one lovingly, though the sight of them was not un- tinged with sorrow. As wife of the Earl of Heatherstone she had dazzled many a jealous eye with their splendour, and moved through many a stately room encrusted with their rainbow fire. Now they were for her eyes alone. She idly remembered how one news- paper in the days of her beauty had spoken of iier " Venus, masquerading as the Queen of Sheba."

of the escritoire, and turning out the lights, made her way to her bedroom.

Lady Agnes watched her step-mother in silence. Like most women, she loved jewels, but her thoughts were far away, and she scarcely noticed the flash of emeralds, diamonds, and rubies, as case after case was opened and closed. Once, however, her attention was forced by some remark of her step-mother's about the famous pearl neck- lace. Then for a moment she grasped the whole scene and shuddered. She saw nothing of the lustrous beauty of the pearls, but only the grotesque horror of the masked face glar- ing at the splendid ornament which would probably rest in its case till the owner was lead.

At last the Countess finished her task, and rolding up the pieec of paper, she went to an escritoire, and placed it in one of the drawers. " They're all here, Agnes," she said. "They g 9 to the bank to-morrow. Your father insists upon it." "He is probably right," Lady Agnes re- plied. "After what has happened it would be unsafe to leave them here."

"N- i es, t would certainly be unsafe. They will come again tor them." " Of course, it is better to put them in the bank," said Lady Agnes quietly; "they are determined to have them, and they will take your life if it stands in their way." The Countess\ cipenecl one of the drawers of the escritoire and .pulled out something that glittered. It was a large nickel plated re- volver, no toy, but a serviceable weapon. " I keep this for them," she said ; "it. is loaded, and lies under my pillow at night. I pray for them to come. Ido not want the jewels removed to a place of safety. They will not come it the bait is taken away. Awl Overcliffe has yet to be avenged." A look of fear crossed Lady Agnes' face. She wondered how her step-moth ew would fare in a contest with a desperate man who would be, in all Probability. fully armr,d

" I am glad the jewels are going;' she seta. "The law will avenge poor ,Overcliffe. It is white spear of flame shot out, and mere was a not a woman's work. It is beyond her power." noise like the hiss of an angry serpent. The "If they come, I will kill them," the Coe kneeling form looked like a shadow picture m tees replied. "I will hide and shoot them against'the blinding light. Then suddenly the man turned round, and from my hiding place. I chn shoot, Agness a catching hold of the lantern [threw its rays on and this is no toy. You know I can shoot, the door. ' The Countess had made no sound, Lady Agnes nodded her head. She had but the thief hears a thousand noises that . seen her step-mother some years ago put five have no real existence, and his keen eye can shots running into a playing card at a distance detect the slightest change or movement in of twenty paces. .. his surroundings. "I will kill them, kill them, kill them, muttered the Countess. "I pray every night Jordison saw that the door was open. The that they will come. By a wretched chance I crack was so small that it might have passed ' was in here asleep the last time they came. unnoticed, but to him it was as plain as a yawning chasm. He knew that the door had But I will not be found asleep again.' Lady . Agnes rose to her feet and crossing over to her been shut, and he thought that he had locked "Good it. He extinguished the oxyhydrogen jet, step-mother's side, took her hand.the she said tenderly; "and please let me rose to his feet and walked quickly across t take that revolver. lam so afraid." rooni. . " Tush, child," the Countess answered. " But before he could reach the door, it was I flung wide open, the electric light was can take care of myself, and if I g'q killed that does not matter to anyone. It certainly does switched on, and he was confronted by the not matter to me." Countess of Heatherstone. • e Lady Agnes stooped down and kissed her at an ordinary He would have sprung step-mother's hand. This was the nearest woman and choked' her into silence before she approach to an embrace that was ever offered could scream. But he stepped back in to Lady Heatherstone. The black hood hung horror at the apparition that stood before him. like a barrier against any more affectionate The black velvet robe with the two eyes demonstration. glittering from the black hood on the face Lady Heatherstone patted the girl's cheek, produced so weird an effect that for a moment he thought he was in the presence of some and then putting. it between her two hands, visitor from the spiritual world. looked earnestly at the beautiful face. " Good night, Agnes," she said. "We all He recovered himself in a few seconds. He of us have our troubles. Some of us deserve had heard the story of the Countess of them, and some do not." Heatherstone, and knew who stood before Lady Agnes burst into tears and went him. . But he recovered himself too late. He hurriedly from the room. Lady Heather- was now toO far from the woman to reach her stone was left to her own reflections. She re- before she could scream and arouse the house- placed• the revolver in the drawer and rang the hold. And there was something in store fox bell.' In a few seconds her maid entered. She him that he had not counted on. Before he slept and lived a few yards .down the corridor, could say a word or move a step he was b The bell rang in her room and was placed over covered y a revolver. He saw from the way her bed. . it was handled that it was, no toy, but a You can go to bed. Brown," Lady dangerous weapon in the grasp of one whc " knew how to use it. Quick as thought his Heatherstone said. "I will undress myself • to-night." own hand went to his. pocket, but his revolver The maid disappeared. It was after eleven was entangled in a piece of torn lining. The o'clock, and she Was glad to be released two eyes ,watched him from their peepholes, from her duties. and before he could free his weapon the Lady Heatherstone went over to the table, Countess spoke. which was covered with the jewel " Keep ycnir hand where it is," she said cases. ' A ' massive steel door stood wide open in the wall, n quietly. "If you move, it an inch, I shall and she glanced at it. Then, taking up the fire. ,I am a good shot—for a woman." largest case, the one that contained the famous Jordison did not move. He glared' like a wild beast caught in a trap. His fierce, hag- emerald tiara, she carried it across the room g and placed it in a corner of the safe. Thenard face was distorted with rage and fear. The mere fact that he was at the mercy of a suddenly an idea seemed to strike her. She took the case out again and returning to the woman accentuated the• indignity of his table drew out the tiara from its Velvet nest position. and placed it on her head. It looked grotesque 1 " Take out, your weapon by the barrel," and horrible on the top of the black hood. • continued the Countess, "and lay it on the Then she began to open the cases one by one table beside you. 'lf I see that your fingers are on the butt I will shoot you without and transferred their contents to 'her own person. When she had finished she glittered another word." like a column of rainbow coloured fire. Every ' Jordison ground his teeth in fury, but he a finger was crammed with rings, her arms were obeyed. For one moment he thought l circled almost to the elbows with braeelets, risking everything on a chance shot. But the odds were against him, and whatever hap- every available inch of her dress was en- crusted with stars and crescents and suns of pened, he would rouse the household. He flaming gems. Round her throat—round the resolved to bide his time. neck of the hood—were a dozen necklaces, " Now walk back to the wall. Quick." drooping down in sparkling masses of light. He obeyed. The Countess stepped forward, She had to be satisfied With a single tiara. It picked up his revolver, and placed it in her glowed on her head like sunlight through the pocket. Then she 'Sat down in a chair, ten feet from Where he stood. Jordison glanced greenery of a great forest in early spring. She crossed over to the square of black at the open window. His only hope lay in velvet on the wall and seizing it in one hand, Lipp, who 'watched below Ii the , mar. could drew it back with a crash and rattle of brazen creep quietly up the ladder and shoot this rings. A cluster of light shone above her termagant of a woman, all might yet be well. ° head, and she saw herself full length in the The motor waited on the road by the creek, glass. From head to foot she sparkled like a and if they could only regain it, puisuit galaxy of white and coloured stars. With would be useless. every movement of her' body ripples of fire But the countess saw his glance, and with a ran over her, and every point of flame burst woman's wit defined his thoughts. She out in glittering splendour. The head alone, crossed to the window, closed and bolted it, which should have been the crowning glory of let down the blind, and drew the curtains. the whole magnificent spectacle, was a mere Yet never for a moment did she take her eyes patch of inky darkness. off Jordison. For ten minutes she stood before the glass, "Now," she said, when she had completed swaying from side to side, moving backwards her task. "Will you explain exactly what and forwards, now bowing low to the ground, you want, and who you are? I think I have now leaning back with hands thrown over seen your face somewhere before." her head. Posing in every attitude, but The two eyes glittering through the holes in always moving and never still, and with the mask seemed to be searching every feature points of flame continuously flashing and of his face, and he shrank from her gaze. rippling over her from head to foot. He knew that it was very unlikely that they Then she suddenly stopped, laughed had ever met before, and certainly not since bitterly, and drew the curtain back with a he had been in Essex. At any rate she could crash. The play was over. not identify him as William Jordison, of the One by one she replaced the jewels in their Red House. But in spite of this assurance, cases, and carefully deposited each case in the he felt ill at ease. There was something in her safe. Then she turned the two keys in the look that cowed his fierce spirit. He felt that lock, threw one_intts a china vase on the man- he was at a disadvantage, for he could not see - . . .

her face, or read whit was passing in her mind. He had no answer to give to her . . .

questions. But he had to speak-, if only to gain time. "You know well enough what I want," he replied sullenly, after a pause, "and it doesn't matter to you who I am." She continued to gaze at him. Then she laughed. "No," she said slowly. I don't care what your name is. I think I have seen you before. It is enough for me that you are a thief and—a mtirderer. ' She brought the last word out with so ominous an emphasis that Jordison's • blood ranocold. He knew well enough now what he had to expect, and that a lioness robbed of her cubs would be more merciful than the woman who stood before hitd. "A murderer," she repeated in a cold, even voice, 'the imurderer of my son, of my only child. He was all that I had in the world. For two iyears I have endured a living death, and the sight of him was all that kept me from killing myself. Now he is dead, and it is you who have killed him." The cold sweat gathered on Jordison's brow. He could not see the speaker's face, but the eyes were like those of a basilisk, turning him to stone. The chill of death was in her voice ; but under the cold judicial tone of her speech lay some awful volcano of thought, intense, vibrating with passionate hatred, hot as the very fires of hell. He saw that he had fallen into a trap, and that he would be shot like a wild beast without mercy. He glanced round the room, endeavouring to formulate some plan of escape, but only two things were clear to him—the nickel-plated revolver and the pitiless eyes that watched every expression on his face. He knew, how- ever, that he must retain his presence of mind, and, striving to affect an air of indifference, he smiled, and leant carelessly against the wall. "You are mistaken, Lady Heatherstone," he said, pleasantly," I did not kill your son." "Not with your own hands," she muttered, "perhaps not with your own hands; • but you saw him die. One does not make such nice distinctions with a gang of murderers. The one who does the deed, does it for all his fellows. My son's death lies at your door, and I thank God that He has given you into my hands." ; "What do you intend to do? " asked Jordison. He needed no answer to this question, but he still wished to gain time. "I am going to kill you," she replied. " I ought to hand you over to the hangman, but I will spare you the horrors of our penal system, the black cap, the open grave, the whine of the chaplain, the burial service read over a living man. I will be merciful, and shoot you • myself. Perhaps I shall rest when I have avenged my on Each night he cries out to me from his grave." He was silent. His mind harked back to the days of the Inquisition, whex masked figures, like the one before him, sat in judgment and consigned heretics to the torture of fire and steel. Tin very thought of death was agony to him. Life had no pleasure for him, but there was more than one duty to done before he died. By a strange irony (.1 fate the avenger was to become the victim of a vengeance as stern and unsparing as his own. , He moved his right hand from behind his back, and looked. at the ring upon his fore- finger—the fiat opal given him by Marie de la Mothe, once a pledge of love, now the symbol of undying hatred. He set his teeth at the sight of it, and resolved to have a last fling for life. He pressed it to his lips, in no spirit of tenderness, but as a knight of old might have kissed his sword before he went into battle. , It was a kiss that tasted of blood. I The Countess of Heatherstone 'watched the movement, but it inspired her with no pity for her Attim. If this man had someone whc roved him, some wife, some sweetheart who had given him the ring, so much the better. The woman should suffer as she herself had suffered. (To be continued.) '

===== 0002601_19050617_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
TAUBLI73.—APARTMICNTS, with or without board ; moderate for visitors ; ceritral.--Mrs. J. SEYMOUR, 68, Eccles st.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
BLAOKPOOL.—PubIic and Private APART WIN i'S ; good accommodation ; central all places ; sea view; pianos.— Mrs. FIRTII, 47, Adelaide it.

WEAR PORt ERIN, ISLE-OV-&A.— Comfortable ii APARTEIRETS, 10 minutes from t bore and golf links. Mre. CORLETT. Brlnvllle.

LACKPOO L.— Dai.y Bank, 9, Trldealev 'Terrace Prornenade.—Public and Private APARTMENTS,terma moderate; Mrs. INGRAm.

rINOJRQUAY, DIWON.—COM.FORTABLB ePARTMEN 11. with or without board. Terms moderate—Mn. HOSKIN, 71, Bilacombe Church rd.

QOUTHPORT.--Oomfortable APARTMRNT3 ; home from CI thme ; public or private ; central ; terms moderate.— Mrs. Bnowis, 21, Riding at.

Q OUTHPORT.—Clomfortable APAIIIIIIINTS. near station Al and town. with or without board; good 000king.—tdra. OLARICE, 17. Kensington rd.

SOUTAPORT.--9uperior APARTMENTS, with or without board; near station ; all modern conveniences ; piano, &c.—DAwsoie, 26, Derby rd.

10LWYN BAY.—Comfortable APARTSI HNTB, near beach V.j station and woods, with ot &without board.—HULLEY, lihivr Bank avenue.

SOARBiiROUGH—.APARTMHNTS, Public end Private piano; three minutes from sea, spa, theatre and atation.—WATKlX, 9, Vernon Place.

BLACKPOOL.—Public or Private APAKTMIINTS ; new beds; good cooking. Central Preserve.—address Miss Tomragelx, 88. Thornby ed., Blackpool.

SOUTHPORT.—Olean, homely APARTMIINTI or Board; moderate terms ; elose to pIer.—AsEIWORTHEI, south- lands, 18, Victoria it , Promenade.

TvicREMSHIRR.-09mfortable BED avid bITTING-ROOM. 1/ bracing mitnation ; good ACC9M vodation for cyclists.— Mr.. B. NEEDHAM, The Field. Bakewell.

---- HARROGATH.—Oornfortable APARTSIIINTS ; south aspect ; near wells, baths, ao. ; moderate.—Mr?. HOLGATE, Newlands. Heywood rd.

BLACKPOOL—PueIIe and Private APARTMSNTO, three minutes from Central Station; piano and bath.—Mrs. PIERCE. CUlunio Rouse, 11, Palatine rd

DOUGLAS.—COMFORTABLE homely APART MINTS, close to bathing creek ; terms strictly moderate.—Mrs. PUGH, Gainsborough House, Royal terrace.

TALSARRAU, MBRIONETH,—PIeasant country APART- MNNTS, 4 beds, sitting-room sea and mountain air, fishing, trap hlre.—Mrs. JONES, Can-y-Coed.

BIOIIattERCS'ELL. Lady wishes to receive PAYING GUESTS (ladies (a. families) ; comfortable bedrooms; bath (h.and C.); caoking eacellent.—afra. ROPER. Ad elbnitrne Wpm,.

COLWYN BAY.—Comfortable ABA ET NNYB. close to sea and woods ; bath (b. & tool cooking and attend- ance—Mrs. JONES, Caer Delyn, 27, Rtalw rd, Colwyn Bay.

1113IMI AIiNAIAWFL—BASTBOUBNE VILLA, APART- ' MIMI'S. comfortable rooms and clean. One minnte to shore and near Station. Terms moderate.—Miie PARRY.

OHICSHIHH, INCtLETON.—Splendld waterfalls, bracing L air, fishing, golfing. Permanent APARTMENTS, board If required, Hvery comfort. —WINDER, Harling House.

IOr4FORTABLE APARTMENTS TO LIST, two sitting V and two bedrooms, splendid outlook, terms moderate. Apply Mrs. RIM, Church Stretton, Salop.

VASTBOUHRB.—Furnisbed APARTAINNTS in quiet, rj select House. near se • and Devonshire Park : terms MOdPMEP.--PROPRIETREPS. 25 TI yds Garden..

BLACKPOOL, Parkside, 91, Lord it.. North Shore. Public and Pr.vate APAR MIMI'S, with or without board ; one minute sea, tram. station.— Mn. witcr.s.ms.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAVELLING Cosrumz.

Dark-blue mohair is the material in which this useful travelling costume is achieved. The simple bolero-coatee of wide stitched - down pleats is adorned with a deep sailor collar, com- posed of a small inner velvet collar and a wide band of fiat silk pleats, held in place by strap- pings of mohair. Similar bands of pleating are placed on the culla of the leg-of-mutton sleeves.

The bell-shaped skirt is very wide at the bottom, and sets well out from the feet. Si s inches above the hem a band of the silk pleating is in- serted, and is bordered top and bottom with strappings of mohair. A pretty hat of blue straw, trimmed with a wreath of creamy roses and foliage, and with a large cach&peigne of blue velvet behind, completes this neat and lady- like gown.

• -"---- 4 la. I.lBtl , V latt 10 Al 4; /1/11 . r V ii:, ' i i ' ', 11,111111 MVO ---7 ____4l._ 4,111 I PR, • - --_-_-_ --____ ---

===== 0002601_19050617_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN AS BOOKING-CLERKS.

Are women booking-clerks desirable!" In the opinion of the chairman of the Railway Clerks' Association they are; but we fancy, says the Bystander, that that opinion will not be generally endorsed. We are not speaking as misogynists when we say that, for our own part, we cannot endorse it. We are speaking merely as individuals who have occasionally to catch trams. It is not that women lack the necessary intelligence to be booking-clerks. So far as intelligence goes, women can do anything. They can be poets, artists, doctors, or typists. A woman Prime Minister is not beyond the bounds of our conception. A woman booking-clerk is another matter. A booking. clerk ought to be as near an automaton as a human being can be. An automaton would, in fact, be a good deal better for the purpose of issuing such , things as tickets than any human being. But if human beings must be employed for the purpose, let them be men. Women cannot be automatic for any length of time. _

===== 0002601_19050617_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
A LINEN COAT.

Coats of linen are becoming very popular. They are worn over dainty summer dresses, and even those of silk, and look very smart for driving, or to wear when a wrap is necessary to protect the dress. The one shewn in the sketch is composed of coarse white linen. The slight ful- ness is arranged in small tucks at the waist and in the centre of the back. The long basque and the upper part of the coat are made separately,

and attached to a narrow band, which is bidden by a wider belt of green kid. A strap of the linen outlines the neck and the fronts of the coat, and is ornamented with linen-covered buttons, which are worked over with a thick linen thread. Over the shoulders there is a shaped yoke of broderie Anglaise, outlined by narrow straps of linen. The same trimming is also seen on the loose cape sleeves, which are open at the side, and slietly held together wits buttons.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BIi.:DE'S GARTF.R.

It is an old custom at the Prussian Court for the guests at the wedding of the Crown Prince to divide between them the garter of the Princess Royal. Formerly the Princess herself used to take off one of her garters and cut it up for distribution among the guests, but nowadays a special pair is made ornamented with ribbons, on which are embroidered in gold and silk the arms of the bride surmounted by the Royal crown. After the ceremonies are over the Grand Mistress of the _ _ _ _

Court takes one of these garters out of it case-, curs it up, and distributes the pieces to the princi- pal guests. The other garter and the case are put away in the archives of the Royal House of Prussia, where there is a complete collection of all the garters of the Royal and Imperial Princesses. The pair which hgured at the wedding of the Duchess Cecilia were made at Schwerin, and the bride herself designed the coat-of-arms which IS emblazoned on them.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

Idotrrow A LA PORTMAISE. Cut a sufficient number of slices from a cold roast leg of mutton. Trim them into neat fillets. Reserve. Pass the trimmings twice through the mincing machine. Add to them a heaped tablespoonful each of finely. minced parsley and shallot and a large, finely. minced mushroom. Mix. Add a tablespoonful of breadcrurnbs, pepper and salt to taste, and a very little f. rated lemon-rind. Bind with a well-beaten egg. fake a sufficient number of tomatoes, allow- ing one for each person. Cut a small piece from the top of each, and scoop out the inside. (Reserve the latter on a plate.) Fill the tomatoes with the farce, and place a bit of butter on top of each. Cook in a hot oven for twenty minutes. Reserve. Place a bit of butter about the size of a walnut in a clean stewpan. As soon as it oils, add the mutton, together with as much finely-minced garlic . as will go on the point of a small knife. Fry for five minutes. Add the contents of a bottle of tomato ratsuo. the tomato pul and neoner and M salt to taste. ate very not. [Han up the meat on a hot dish. Pour the sauce over. Garnish with the stuffed tomatoes, and serve at once. Fried or baked potatoes should be banded separately.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XVIIL FACE TO FACE.

THE Countess of Heatherstone had firmly resolved not to sleep that night. It was the last night that the Heatherstone jewels would be in the house. Lord Heatherstone, in spite of her own wishes, had blazoned this infor- mation over the whole county. He had no wish for his house to be any longer the happy hunting ground of the criminal classes. It was certain that if the thieves intended to make another attempt, they would make it that night. Lady Heatherstone wished to be awake to receive them.

But are, who follows her own fixed laws, and takes small count of human wishes, had ordained otherwise, and Lady Heatherstone was sound asleep in less than half an hour. The mask was laid aside, and her right hand grasped the revolver under her pillow. The merciful darkness shrouded her, as she lay there with bare face, and her fingers on the weapon. About two o'clock she woke from her sleep with a start. A wild dream of vain pursuit after her: son through long tracts of desolate and mountainous country had terminated in a catastrophe. Lord Overclitle had flung him- self from the edge of a precipice; she had grasped at him as he disappeared, slipped, and sank swiftly downwards through the Ektrlcness. Her very soul and life seemed to be drawn from her as she dropped through the air like a stone. The bottom rose to meet her—a lake of fire dotted with jagged rocks. But she never reached the bottom. She awoke, gasping for breath, bathed in a cold perspiration, trembling in every limb. She switched on the electric light by the edge of her bed, and peered round the room, half expecting to see Lord Overcliffe swim- ming away from her through thai lake of fire. But she only saw the white and gold decora- tions of her bedroom, and, sitting up, she began to grasp the realities of life, and to understand that she had been sleeping at the post of duty. She sat up in her bed and listened. At first she heard nothing but the ticking of the clock on the mantelpiece. Then she heard a sound that sent the blood more quickly through her veins—a low grating sound, as though someone were cutting laboriously through a plate of glass or steel. She crept quietly out of bed, flung a robe of black velvet lined with sable,about her, and put the hood over her face. Then she slipped the revolver into one of the pockets of her dressing-gown, switched off the electric light and went to the door that opened into the dining-room. Here she listened attentively, and the noise seemed clearer and more definite. She looked through the keyhole, but saw no trace of light. Then she opened the door softly add crept into the dining-room. The noise grew still more distinct. She crossed the room on tip-toe, and looked through the keyhole of the door that led into her boudoir. The small dimensions of the aperture limited her range of vision, and she could see nothing save that there was a light in the room. The noise had ceased. She wondered if the door was locked. She turned the handle very % softly and slowly and pulled it towards her. The door opened half an inch, and she let the handle turn quietly back into Its original place. She smiled at the artless- ness ,of the thief within. An accomplished butglar would surely have locked all the doors before he commenced his work. She looked through the narrow slit and saw a man kneeling before the safe. A small' lantern threw a circle of light a foot in dia- meter on the steel door. He was holding something in his hand close to the lock. It IJoket.l like a small penholder, with two thin tubes running from it into the darkness behind him. Then she saw him 'light a match and (apply it to the ooint of the pen holder. A thin

===== 0002601_19050617_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
HOMING.

SANKEY BRIDGES SOCIETY. BOURNEMOUTH RACE, 188 MILES. Mr. Sidney Taylor, Con-voyeur to the West Lance- **shire Saturday Federation liberated 133 birds, belong- ing to 15 me,,bers at 8.45. N.E. wini, dull weather. Result. Boyle and Barlow 977 yards per minute Ward 837 ft Boyle and Barlow B5l Boyle and Barlow B5l t• ft Boyle and Barlow 842 ff 9; It, Wilcock Greaves Boyle and Barlow B3l rt Roughsedge Lee Longmore 784 tt tt Lloyd

===== 0002601_19050617_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
Fact versus Fiction.

The fiction is that another cocoa is "as good as Van

Houten's."

The fact is there is not another cocoa to equal Van

Houten's.

In every market in the Nyorld it is the standard by which all other coco4s are judged. Van H outen's,

The Standard Cocoa of the world.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Leach's Lesson

Grateful Words from Warring- ton—iron-Ox Tablets cure Headaches and Constipation.

—if you are weak and ailing and tired—then stop and think what it will mean to you to win back your strength, to win back good health, to feel once more the old time energy, the vim, the power that only belongs to those who are in perfect health. Think of

Herewith we publish a most interesting letter received from a well-known Warrington man. In simple and straightforward language he acknowledges his great gratitude to Iron-Ox. niA Tablets. they have cured the severe head vihich had long caused him suffering and annofan . They have per- manently removed Constipation. Thanks to the great healing power of this wonderful remedy, Mr. Leach is now strong and well. 416, KNUTSFORD ROAD, WARRINGTON. For some time past I have been suffering from severe Headaches due to Constipation. I have tried different remedies, but none have done me any per- manent good. I purchased a box of your Iron-Ox Tablets, and before I had finished taking that one box I felt a great deal better. It is really wonderful how gently and yet how perfectly Iron-Ox Tablets have removed my Headaches and the Constipation which was causing them. I shall always recommend your Tablets.

(Signed) GEORGE A. LEACH. Never a day goes by without bringing us many such grateful letters from different parts of the United Kingdom. Men and women write us saying that iron- Ox Tonic Tablets have brought them new health and strength, have driven away Indigestion, have banished Constipation, have removed distress after eating, headaches, nervousness—have cured Anwmia, have brought sound, refreshing sleep. Pause a moment and think what it is worth to Mr Leach to have no more pain, no more suffering, no MR. GEORGE* A. LEAC.H. more annoyance ! Think of the wonderful change that a short course of Iron-Ox Tonic Tablets has what Iron-Ox Tonic Tablets have done for Mr. Leach, wrought ! He suffers no more from Headaches. His yes, and for thousands of others throughout this nerves are quiet and strong. Elie blood is cleansed of country! Realise that what they have done for all impurities. His system, strengthened by Iron-Ox others they will do for you ! Remember, that this Tablets, works naturally. He is better. stronger,and safe and gentle remedy which has done such wonder- happier than before he took this wonderful ful good to so many people is right within your reach. medicine, and if you are one of those Your own Chemist can supply you with a box of 50 unhappy ones who suffer the torture of Iron-Ox Tonic Tablets for Is. Headaches, Biliousness, Dyspepsia, Distress after \ A Dainty Aluminium Pocket Packet of N Tonic eating—if your blood is filled with impurities—if Tablets for Is. If your chemist has not got them your nerves are racked and worn—if your life is made they will be sent post free for Is. by the Iron-Ox miserable by distress after meals, if appetite is gone Remedy Co.; Ltd., 20, Cockspur-st., London, S.W.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

Increase In County Expenditure.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at Dutton on Tuesday, when there were present :—Messrs. A. R. Norman (presiding), A. Greenway, J. Bolshaw, H. Eyes, G. Egerton-Warburton, J. Stokes, J. Whitlow, T. Baxter, H. M. Davies, C. E. Linaker, J. H. Davies. J. Smith, T. Wright, T. Guest, S. Woodward, W. Harrison, G. Pilling, S. Horton J. L. Jones E. Bretherton, J. Spruce, P. Collins, J. Hallows, J. Whitley, B. Billington, C. E. Linaker,jun.,T.Antwis, Admiral Jones-Parry, and Messrs. G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), J. Cunnah (master), W. de Prez, Cook and Pearson (releiving officers).

TIM 'UNEMPLOYED QIIRSTION. The following resolution was read from the Fulham Board of Guardians: That it is most inexpedient for national welfare, contrary to the best interest Of the state and especially detrimental to the poor themselves by tending to reduce their self reliance and independ- ence that a system of relief supported by municipal rates should be established in addition to that outside the existing poor law.

On the m-otion of Mr. Woodward it was decided to support the resolution of the Fulham Board.

UNDERFED SCHOOLCHILDREN. - The following letter was read from the Keighley Union: That this Board petition the Local Govern- ment Board to alter or revoke the relief (school children) Order 1905, with a view to arrange that some other constituted body and not the Board of Guardians should be the medium through which out-relief should ' be given to underfed school children, and thttt the cost of such relief should be a charge on the National Exchequer. The giounds for the passing of the resolu- tion were as follows : (I) The feeding of school children under the direction of Guardians would lead } to pauperise them and induce a spirit on dependence , of entertaining life and at an age when permanent habits are formed. (2) The fathers of the children would be disfranchised against their will. At a time when they may be struggling Against temporary adversity. Local rates are already excessive and the burden is more expecially felt in poor districts. The feeding of i children s a national object and the cost should be derived out of a national fund to which the public contribute more according to their ability. Mr. Woodward said he failed to see bow the proposal could be carried out without increasing the expendi- ture as it would mean a multiplication in the legislative 'machinery.

It was decided to allow the letter to lie upon the table.

tiICREASE IN COUNTY EXPENDITURE. Mr. Woodward pointed out that there had been an increase in the County Council. For the past half year the calls had been £7,596 as against £7,030 for the previous half year. The principal increase was in re- gard to general elementary education. The total amount of the call for the purpose during the past half year had been £3731 as against £2,798 for the previous-half year. He did not know whether there was any connec. tion between education and police but while the educa- tion expenditure had increased the police district wenditure had gone up f0r4859 to £BB2. For general police purposes the expenditure had gone up from £233 to £349.

Mr. Baxter : We were told some years ago that if we educated the people we would do away with police rates.

The Chairman said he did not think there was anything abnormal in the increase in the expenditure for pnlice purpohes. LADIES VISITING COMMITTEE. Mesdames T. Lee Jones, White, Mc Iver and Trampleasure, were added to the ladies visiting com- mittee. •

Mr. Spruce reported that the number of inmates lit the house was 126 as compared with 132 for the corres- ponding period of last year.

NURSERIES, NOT SCHOOLS. Speaking at Knutsford, Dr. Garstang, the medica officer, said it bad long been his opinion and the opinion of other medical officers that it was a pure farce to send childrsn under five years of age to school. Their Intellects and trains were not sufficiently developed,and many infant departments he had visited were nothing more than nurseries.

CHESHIRE WEDDING TRAGEDY. The West Cheshire Coroner on Wednesday morning held an inquest at Tarporley on George Clarke Gregory, wheelwright, aged 96, who died under distressing cir- cumstances. Two villagers were married on Monday, and deceased, the oride's brother, and others, fired salntes on the swage, or blacksmith's punch block. A fuse broke, and an sxplosion occurred, practically blow- ing away half of Gregory's face.—The Coruner hoped the dangerous practice would be discontinued. The verdict was "Accidental death."

===== 0002601_19050617_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

WIDNES GAS PROFITS.

The Widnes gasworks, it was reported to the T6wn Council on Tuesday, produced last year a profit of £6,135, though the gas is the cheapest in the world— Is. :6d. per thousand feet to private consumers and Is. 2d. tolmanufacturers. Production and distribution cost Ild, per thousand feet, and last year the residuals more than paid for the coal used.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
DOCK WAREHOUSE DESTROYED.

At Runcorn, on Monday evening, a large warehouse at Runcorn Docks belonging to the Manchester Ship Canal Company was completely destroyed by fire, only the pillars being left standing. Crates of pottery were stored in the upper storey and china clay on the ground floor, and the damage is set down at several thousand pounds. Two flats belonging to the Anderton Company, Stoke, were also set on fire and badly damaged. There is no explanation of how the tire originated.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
VICTORY OVER DISEASE.

Severe Slomaeh Troubles Cured by Mother Selgel's Syrup—Mrs. Gould Tells of it 12 Years Later.

Mrs. Sarah Ann Gould, living at 22. Borron Street Portwood, Stockport, Cheshire, is a woman in middle life, hale and hearty-looking now, though eleven years ago she was so ill from indigestion and general stomach troubles, that she and bet friends alike feared that she could not live. But. she did live, and she confidently gives all the credit for her cure and recovery to Mother Seigel's Symp. People who are afflicted as she was, whether more or less severely, may profit by reading, Mrs. Gould's own description of her symptoms, as sh*, told them in a letter which she sent on February 15th 1895. to the proprietors of Mother Seigel's remedies. She said her trouble began early in 1888, seventeen years ago, with a weak tired feeling, inability to enjoy' her food, a belching up of wind from th stomach, and a raising of sour bile. She took doctor's medicines,but only grew worse, and began to suffer intense pains in the head and stomach, and lost both flesh and strength, At lastshe had to keep to h.r bed, and was lifted in and out. In November, 1891, she wee advised to try Mother Seigel's Syrup, and after taking it only a short time she began to improve. Her appetite .returned, she could enjoy and digest her food, and she gained her lost strength and flesh. " Presently " sbe wrote, "I was another and a new woman."

Writing again, on December 23rd last, she says: "If you remember, mine was a most severe case. I could not eat, and was so weak I could hardly stand. In fact, I used to faint away from sheer weakness' had bad palpitation of the heart, and suffered much from cold, clammy sweats, which left me thoroughly exhausted; while the heachaches I endured were almost maddening. The doctor saidl could not recover, yet Mother Seigel 's, Syrup completely cured me, and I have baen well ever since.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS

WRITMONDAY PROCESSION.

The Whitsuntide demonstration of the Roman Catholics of St. Helens was favoured with glorious weather. The children gathered in the Victoria Square in front of the Town Hall, and thence in procession made a tour of the town, with a profusion of flags and banner fluttering in the breeze. The girls were, for the most part, in white with sashes and favours of various colours, and roand the principal banners there were clustered groups of children daintily attired,in many cases adorned with flowers. There were some fifteen bands of music, and as the scholars, members or the guild, and so forth, to the number of about 12,000, passed the Town Hell they saluted the Mayor and Mayoress (Mr. and Mrs. H. Martin), who remained on the steps during the hour which the procession took to file by. Thousands of people lined the raute. The churches represented were St. Anne's Sutton; St. Joseph's, Peasley Cross; St. Austin's, 'll;atto Heath; the Sacred Heart, Lowe House; St. Thomas of Canterbury, Blackbrook ; St. Vincent's, Derbyshire Hill; and the Holy the afternoon schools festivals were held. Cross. In

===== 0002601_19050617_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
HIS LIFE FOR AN ANIMAL.

On Lake Bret, near Lausanne, a young man was drowned whilst attempting to save a roebuck, which the dogs had hunted into the water. In the struggle to draw the refractory animal to the row-boat the man fell overboard and disappeared, while the roe reached the shore and vanished in the wood.

/ ,*:;, ' - 77 / ;,•0' 40 C;-0..t.. '• tt, tir ..i . , ‘..;, ,-, , , t.'::: 0...:.:.' .. • • IR, lif' , i ili I , ',‘,l: -4wC /1/ 1:1:**: **l ':'' : iO/: °•' / / / / / / ///, ' , /// • ~,, // /, 4 For Infa.nt3',''\,, /1".74,%/ /4);' invalids, a:ad the Aged. .-,: i /8 1 ,41/4 ///' , - /./ BENGER S FOOD can be enjoyed and i!' / / assimilated when other foods disagree. It forms 11 4 c '' • / ~ , 7 a delicate and highly nutritive cream, rich i ,s'. - i n all the elements necessary to maintain // , •,/i vigorous health, but entirely free from rough / / /,,,,/.6 and indigestible particles, which often produce / / A irritation m delicate stomachs. / /,'"" 12' 1/4•., i /, // :',' " Retained when all other foods i - /// re d ooddn 41 jecte." Lono Medical Record. :lA' I "et Bettor's F is sold in Tins •by Chrtni.ds etc., everywhere. ' / / /*/ / i• d, ,

Another week has passed, and I am beginning to receive the names of members of our Children's Corner. The first letter I received was frOm Miss Jessie Bond, 212, Wilderspool Road, Warrington. I have pleeus- lire in awarding her a prize volume. I shall give books to every fiftieth member who joins this League—that is to say, I shall number all members as they join, and the fiftieth, hundredth, and so on will receive books, so send in your names as quickly as possible and persuade other children to do the same. We have plenty of forms on which to *liter new names, so write for a supply, and remember that the child who sends in the largest number of new members before August 31st of this year will receive a beautiful watch. If you look further down these columns you will find full particulars. The first correct solutions to ine riddles have been received from Miss Mary Barton, 57, Lowfield street, Dartford. Kent, to whom I have sent a postal order for ss. I should be glad to receive the membership form cut from the paper frOm Mary. Well, my dears, do not be discouraged because you failed to get the answers right the first time, you know that all cannot be the prize-winners. There are sure to be a number of things that we should like in this world, but we cannot get them, and the world goes on just the same. We must put up with disappoint- ments and try to make the best of them. I dare say children often think that their parents might do this, that, and the other, and nothing you can say seems to alter their mind; but you may be very sure that they have some good reason for their action.

PUZZLES FOR PLAYTIME. I will give Two Prize Volumes for the neatest and best answers to the following:— Square Word. A Particle. Faithful. A River. Fit, suitable. Decapitation. I am a word meaning to make reparation; behead me and I am a sound; behead me again,- and I ars a unit. Diamond. A Consonant. A Domestic Animal. An Established Proposition. A Mineral. A consonant. (Each word reads across and down.) Numerical Charade. My 3,5, 10, is the border of a thing; My 1,9, 7, is a sack or pouch; My 1,9, 2,3, 6, is a child or infant; My 3,5, 1, is a part of the body; • My 8. 9,7, is a witeh. My whole of 10 letter is a town in England. Riddle-Me-Ree. My first is in PINK, but not in WHITE; My second is in WRONG, but not in RIGHT; My third is in HILL, but not in VALE; My fourth is in MILL, but not in SAIL; My fifth is in ROSE, but not in MAY; My sixth is in NOON, but not in DAY; My seventh is in LOSS, but not in GAIN; My eighth is in STRES, but not in STRAIN; My whole is a beautiful spring flower. All solutions must be sent, with full name, .address, and age of competitor, to "Uncle Ned," at the office of this paper, on or before Satur- day next.

ANSWERS TO PUZZLES. Square Word— NE D. " E R A. DAD. Riddle-Me-Ree— JAPAN. Jumbled Boys' Names— William—Rupert—Eric—Raphael—Daniel— Thomas. Jumbled Girls' Names— Constance—Gladys—Plorence—Margard— Olive—Marion. -Diamond— ' X DOE M ON E Y E L

Square Word- 14' 0 A M . OUSE 'S. I , A , MEAT

I hope you will all write to me while I art way for my holiday next week, and address your letters to the office of this paper. You *ill see the offer of a further prize for solution of riddles if you will look down these columns.

Good-bye, dear children; I hope you axe having a good time this glorious weather. • From your affectionate UNCLE NED.

An "Ironclad" Keyless Lever Black Watch, marvellous timekeeper, dust proof, highest Per. fection, supplied by Messrs. R. L. Christie, Edinburgh. Value, One Guinea. ALSO 50 PRIZE VOLUMES will be given to the boys and girls under 16 who secure the largest number of members for the "Children's Corner League" before August 31st, 1905. Forms for securing members will sent to any reader forwarding stamped enff lope to "Uncle Ned." Write for the form day, and get all your little friends to jolt There je nothing to pay, but splendid prizes to be gained.

LIST OF MEMBERS. 1 Jessie Bond, Warrington. 2 Mary Barton, Dartford. 3 Gertrude Frearson, Alfreton. 4 A. Graham, Limerick. 5 Nellie Galbraith, Limerick. 6 Christina Bruce, Limerick. 7 Inez Russell, Limerick. ' 8 Evelyn A. Herez Smith, Bideford. 9 Winifred Ing, Dunstable. 10 May Wylde, Winshill. 11 Kathleen Holleyhead, Burton-on-Trent. 12 Harold Marshall, Rotherham. 13 May Beaman, Dunstable. 14 Wilfrid Tibbett, Dunstable. _

15 Dorothy M. Janand, Wakefield. Several of the above have omitted to send ira a membership form; I ebould be very pleased if they will do so, as otherwise they will b. debarred from winning certain prizes.

Riddle-31e-Ree—STRAIVI3ERRY.

Hidden Rivers—(l) Ant, (2) Tyne (3) Face, (4) Welland (5) Werasum, (6) Yare, (7) Wear, (8) Forth.

Decapitation—WHEEL—HEEL—EEL. Jumbled Flowers—Rose, Carnation, Violet, Clematis, Snowdrop, Primrose, Wallflower, Myrtle, Hyacinth, Narcissus. Diamond—

INK INDIA K I,D

THE FLABBERGASTER. (Continued from laet week.)

Why is a mouse when it spins? Everybody was puzzled—the King, the Queen, the court- iers, and even the smallest servant. The Lord Chamberlain said it was all Tommy nonsense, for who ever heard of a mouse spinning. The King then recollected that he had never even seen a mouse, therefore could form no idea as to whether it could spin or not, and as he did not go in for guessing competitions, he thought it best to be on the safe side, and see for himself whether a mouse could spin. He commanded one to be brought him. Then followed a Royal mouse-hunt. In a few minutes all were en their knees„ except- ing.the ladies, and they got on the chairs and other things, perhaps to get a better view of the game. At last a mouse was caught whilst in the act of nibbling bread and honey (which the Queen had been eating in the [parlour), and placed before the King, who, after looking at it for some time, said that he couldn't find a place where if could spin upon, unless it was the tail, and even that kept bending. Then the Queen said that a mouse had never been known to spin, and never would. "Rut," said the Court Jester, "your Majesty must remember' that the question is WREN it spins." "Yes, but," continued the. Queen—." "There is no ' but,' " chimed in the King, "and no sense either." "Let's give up guessing," suggested someone. "No," said the King, "let's go on ' with it." So everyone began putting on their thinking caps and remained as quiet as the mouse they had oaught. (To be continued.)

A VERY GOOD GIRL. Our merry little daughter Wa3 climbing out of bed— " Don't you think that I'm a good girl?" Our little daughter said; "For all day long this lovely day, And all day long to-morrow, I baven't done a single thing, To give my mother sorrow!"

r 4044,.. "•.iv,:.77.7^..,,,,,,if0: . ;',ll y? ''''`ig I. ~ . z,v,. , -:, • `-'....i.1 0 ' ,rt,y.,..,r.:.e. - • .......,•,r;•... •,v: 14"::, ~,...; ,•!...::::....-.`.5.:::. A - Till& t.5.111.0•••,:-....'„-- • i , . ..f,;.;...:.z.„:„.,.,. • , ',.-I:p., ~. . , . ,• 6 , . t. ,„,::.• ~,,,,\ f... .. ~ ~. ,•,.,/ • ,1/4..••••4 ~,,,..- .:•,..„..,/, , ..,, ,f,„,,,,..,,..,,,, , 4 ~. *7O:Zs .. ' -_Airg:s.—;;:, ,551i,,•........r:•". "' ........._...._,r d ••-•,,,'. • • ,„:„:•.,7,_,,;„-,.,:„.,........ ~. . . . k!,.'..ii'..;..:•,•,.. .-:. 7:: ' g •-',. ler ""-- i ic. '' :, '....;'):.:'..:!....stic'fn'ti ' ••''' 4,,-- uncle - __, . • j.,.... ~ .fr 4 1 :....,...,„.„,(6.,..;,..,,;„,,,....,,...... ‘:— fir' .... .: . - i. 1,-. . • , ~..,-.) ..,,.y.,,....! ?,:...-..,:. a :,,',Y.,: ~ i • Vr't ~,. . .- + / ;;=;!;,-. `...0 II )• , T., .. . Vib....... 'lc DEAR CHILDREN,—

===== 0002601_19050617_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050617_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
I

4

~ ~, i,,, • . i . ' II r'' ' 4 ...:,, . l't 1 , : ,':': ~:,' ',.. j

===== 0002601_19050617_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Itakr

===== 0002601_19050617_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
I . ' $4,;....4, ' P"OF 10,?' fit: •• • I.' y " • • , P 4 -,-0. 1.,..'::, - ' . . ,1 „. ok•I ,:,,...-. A •Ii . . ~,;•4 ,

•• An excellent Food, admirably adapted to the wants of infants and younlpersons.- -Slft CHARLES A. CAMERON. C.d.. M.D., Professor of Chemistry, R.C.5.1., Medical Officer of Health for Dublin, PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA.

,T2EII

Milk

===== 0002601_19050617_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
IS BABY CROSS

because Of. ECZEMA Or SAIN IRRITATION? If so, One Box of GRANNIE OINTMENT will effect a Speedy Cure. A little at night is baby's delight. A mother at Leytonstone, F.ssex, writes :--" Grannie Ointment has quite cured Baby's eczema. I have tried several other creams, but they only relieved, whereas Grannie Ointment quite cured." Also Cures Bad Legs, Wounds, Ulcers, &c., like magic. -

===== 0002601_19050617_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
BO'xes. 14 Stamps, Post Free.

Send Pine Car4forFßEE -EfAivii,EL Box, mentioning this bafier, to GBANNIE CO., NORWICH.

AMa=

alliiik

CALEY'S Milk Chocolate.

BRITISH AND BEST.

The Finest 'Sweetmeat . for Children.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19050617_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
MI

The Examiner, Saturday, June 17, 1905. A;

NORTHERN UNION.

ANNUAL MEETING IN MANCHESTER. Abolition of the Working Clauses.

There was a crowded attendance of gentlemen con- cerned in professional Rugby football at the Grosvenor Hotel, Manchester, on Wednesday evening (says "Yorkshire Post ") the occasion being the holding of the annual general meeting of the Northern Rugby Union. Mr. F. Lister' of Bradford, officiated as chair- man. The majority of the clubsin the Union were repre- sented.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
IHE FINANCIAL POSITION.

The report on last season's working was presented by Mr. J. Platt, hon. secretary. A year ago the balance in the bank and at hand stood at £1,931 12s. Bd. On June 1 of the present year it stood at £1,770 3s. 2d., thus show- ing a reduction on the year's working of £l6l 9s. 6d. During the season grants amounting to -£3lB wore made in respect of junior and schools' football, and a sum of £256 is. was disbursed in charitable donations. The Yorkshire county team were to be congratulated upon winning the County Championship. They thoroughly deserved the honour, as they undoubtedly proved them- selves to be the best team of the year. THE WARRINGTON CLUB had for years fought hard forpossession of the Northern Union Cup, and after being beaten in the final of 1904, they last season went one better, and had now the pleasure and honour of being the holders of the trophy. Their victory was a popular one, and was wonsby sheer merit.

The expenses side of the balance-sheet showed one or two interesting features. The semi-final ties of the cup tournament cost the Union £722 14s. 10d., and the final tie £499 10s. 6d., these figures meeting match expenses and proportions of gate receipts claimed by the con- tending clubs. In addition to the grants to junior and schools' football already referred to, a sum of £230 78. 3d. was granted to County Unions. On the income side were three items which collectively amounted to £2,267 9s. Gd., the product of the semi-final and final rounds of the cup-ties. Subscriptions amounted to £72 95., while £382 14s. Sd. was paid to the Union in fines.

On the motion of Mr. Lister, the report and balance- sheet were unanimously adopted. "FLIRTING" WITH THE ASSOCIATION GAME. The next suggested alteration in rules came at the instance of the Northern Union Committee. Last season it was apparent that the Association code was making serious inroads to the professional handling game, and not a little heartburning was caused by the action of the Hull Club in allowing the Hull City Association Club to play on the Boulevard Ground. As a consequence, the Northern Union Committee pro- posed the following resolution :—" That no club shall be represented upon the Union Committee whose interest in football is not solely devoted to the Northern Union game, subject to this proposition not interfering with any existing agreement made prior t) January 1, 1905." To this the Salford Club proposed an amendment, which was seconded by Swinton, to the effect that January 1, should be substituted by September 1. Mr. King, the Salford representative, said they had made certain arrangements before the proposition of the Union was sprung upon them, and this, in their opinion, was extremely unfair. The question was then asked whether the proposed change in the law would apply in the case of a club allowing their ground for an occasional Association match, to which Mr. J. H. Smith (Widnes) replied that if a club did so it would forfeit its seat on the Union Board. . .

Mr. Gresty said he would like to know what position the Union Board would take up in the case of clubs who were not represented. "In my opinion," he added, "the proposition of the Board does not go far enough. (Hear, hear.) Ido not understand how any club can be wedded to the Rugby game, and flirt with the Associa- tion code. They must steer clear of the rival code altogether, or much harm will be done. The proper way to deal with the matter is for the Union to put its foot down firmly, and prevent any joining of forces under Gne roof."

• Mr. Smith said the board were quite in agreement with Mr. Gresty, and the sole reason for not having proposed a sterner resolution was out of consideration for the junior clubs, who found great difficulty in obtaining grounds without, in many instances, assistance from Association dubs.

Mr. J. Platt (Oldham) said the board felt that the question raised by Mr. Gresty ought to be settled by the League Committee. • Mr. Gresty : In my opinion it is the big clubs that require protection. The big clubs have everything at stake, and for that reason require more protection than the weaker clubs, having had to bear the brunt of the Association competition. I hope the League Committee will speedily have the matter under their consideration. (Bear, hear). Mr. Lister now said that the Board had decided to recommend the League Committee to take stronger action

ThE proposition was carried by a large majority. The Union, to safeguard themselves, proposed the following resolution :—"That the committee are the sole interpreters of these rules, and no matter what is dealt with 13, the committee shall be appealed against either at law or otherwise." _ .

- - Mr. Ayre (Hull): Do you think such a rule would hold good in a court of law? Mr. Lister: from the advice we have had I think so.

ANNOYING WORKS CLAUSES ABOLISHED. During last season the employment clauses were a continual source of annoyance both to players and committees. As a consequence a resolution that the works clauses should be abolished was brought forward by the Hull F.C., seconded by the Broughton Rangers F.C. The resolution read as follows—" That the whole of Clauses C, D, and E of the Professional rules be abolished." As was the case last year, the arguments used were those concerning the difficulties experienced in keeping players employed and illustrations were afforded where clubs had suffered great hardships. The clauses were a source of great annoyance, and their abolition would save secretaries a great deal of hard work. Mr. J. Lewthwaite (Elunslet) was against the proposed abolition of the rules. He considered it was dinicult enough for clubs to keep afloat under the present coU- ditions, and if wages had to be paid in the summer months, as was probable, many of them would quickly go to the wall. Mr. Howarth (Millom) said the change would make very little difference to the clubs in his district. They could not pay their players more than a few shillings I per match, but by the abolition of those clauses the I Union would get rid of many difficulties, For this reason he offered the resolution his support. Mr. J. W. Wood (Leeds) offered a dissenting voice to the resolution. He contended that many clubs could not afford to pay men during the summer. " The change," he concluded, "will be the death blow to the game." (Hear, hear.) Mr. Gresty said the interpretation of the clauses had done much to retard the progress of the Union. They had fettered themselves needlessly. The resolution was then put to the vote, and 31 mem- bers voted for it, and 25 against, a majority for the pro- positionof six. A two-thirds majority not being neces- sary in this case, the resolution was carried, and the working clauses are now abolished. SUGGESTED REVIVAL OF THE PUNT OUT.

The Bionghton Rangers Club, through their rdpresen- tative, Mr. Kirkham, moved the following alteration in Rule 12, which concerns touch play The ball is in touch when it, or a player carrying it, touch or cross the touch-line ; in the case of a player carrying the ball bbing pushed or accidentally stepping in touch it shall be taken into play ten yards from and at right angles to the touch-line and there put down and scrummaged; in any other case the ball shall belong to the side opposite to that last playing it in the field of play. One of the side to whom the ball belongs shall bring it into play by punting it from touch at or behind the spot where it crossed the touch-line. The ball may be kicked in any direction, but must not be kicked over the goal-line of the side taking the kick. The kicker's side must be behind the ball when the kick is taken. The opposite side may come up to and charge from anywhere on or behind a line drawn through the spot where the ball crossed the touch-line, and parallel to the goal-line. On any infringement of this law the ball shall belong to the opposite side. As an F. amendment it was proposed by Warrington C. . .

The ball is in touch when it, or a player carrying it touches or crosses the touch-line; in the case of a player carrying the ball being pushed or accidentally stepping in touch, it shall then be taken into play ten yards from and at right angles to the touch-line, and there pet down and scrummaged. In any other case the ball shall belong to the side opposite to that last playing it in the field of play. One of the side to whom the ball belongs shall bring it into play by punting it from touch at or behind the spot where it crossed the touch line. The ball may be kicked in any direction, but must not be kicked over the goal-line of the side taking the kick. The kicker's side must be behind the ball when the kick is taken. The opposite side may may come up to and charge from anywhere on or behind a line drawn through the spot where the ball crossed the touch line, and parallel to the goal-line. On any infringement of thisiaw the ball shall belong to the opposite side. F As an Amendment it was proposed by Warrington .C. : The ball is in touch when it, or a player carrying it, touches or crosses the touch-line; in the case of a player carrying the ball being pushed or accidentally stepping into touch, it shall then be taken into play ten yards from and at right angles to the touch-line, and there put down and scrummaged. In any other case the ball shall be taken back to where last played and there put down and scrummaged. Another amendment waf proposed by Runcorn P.C., seconded by Huddersfield and Wigan P.C.'s. In bringing forward the proposition, Mr. Kirkham and that his club were satisfied that it would be better for the game if the old punt out rule was again brought its force. They were quite satisfied that the present

rule was killing the game. People were not following Northern Union football es they had done in the past, but going over to the Association game. There was far too much scrummaging under the existing rule. Instead of 80 minutes' football he (Mr. Kirkham) contendd that not 50 minutes real open play was seen in the the League games. Mr. King (Salford) also argued that the resuscitation of the punt out rule would make the game more attractive. Under the existing rule it would be im- possible to get back the old followers of the game. It had been said that more rough play was seen when the punt out rule was in force than was now the case. If they would look through their minute books they would find that very few clubs got into trouble over the kick oat. In moving the Warrington amendment, Mr. Ashton said that the rule would keep the ball oftener in the field of play than was at present the Case. Th 3 Broughton proposition was carried when put to the vote. On the proposition being put against the standing rule that, too, was lost, for though 35 voted in favour of it, and 24 against, the necessary two-thirds majority had not been obtained. The existing rules thus stands.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
MEMBERS AND CUP TIES.

- -- - The Broughton Rangers Club, seconded by the Salford Club. proposed the following amendment to Rule 7 of the Challenge Cup tournament : The charge for admission to qualifying and inter- mediate rounds shall be at the discretion of the home club, but for the Cup-ties proper the minimum charge for admission to matches shall be sixpence, except for boys, when the charge shall be twopence. All members and ticket-holders must pay the admission charges to ground and stands for the semi-Anal and final, but for the other rounds only bona-fide members who have the right to vote at their club's general meeting, or subscribers of a not less sum than ten shillings per annum, shall have the right to free admission. Mem- bers of works recreation clubs, who have a deduction made from their wages in support of the various recrea- tions and sports connected with such works, shall not be considered bons-fide members within the meaning of this rule. This was carried by 39 votes to 16. The auditors, Mr. Leonard and Mr. Tyrer, were re-elected for the ensuing year, and the meeting rose after lasting two and a half hours. MR. H. ASHTON'S VIEWS.

The abolition of the working clauses marks a very important gignge in the history of Northern Union football, foMit is the working clauses which hitherto have chiefly distinguished the Northen Union system from any other. Interviewed by an " Examiner " reporter, Mr. H. Ashton, the secretary of the Warring- ton Club, said the matter was so many-sided that it would be difficult to prophesy as to the effect of the alteration. As far as the Warrington chili was concerned he was convinced that it would make little or no differ- ence. An important point to be noted was that very few clubs were in a position to pay high wages to players' and it would therefore be in the men's own interests to the work as the club had to "cut their coat according to their cloth." Of course, said Mr. Ashton, the abolition of the clauses might involve considerable change with one or two clubs who were determined to keep a good team at any cost and were prepared to make sacrifices. Mr. Ashton remarked that a strict watch would be kept on players who did not work, and men who neglected to keep themselves in condition would quickly lose their places on the teams. On the whole he considered that players would be well-advised in continuing to work, and in War- rington he believed the majority would follow that course.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
ZAM-BUK, THE PAIN-KILLER. A Dyer's Maddening Affliction

'Completely Banished

Thousands of workers perform their daily task tortured by acute bodily • pains. The woman leaning over the wash-tub, the daughter at the shop or factory, the mechanic at his bench ; in fact all who have to stand and bend for long intervals know the meaning of the word "aches." The experience of Mr. Chas. Henry Long, of 19, Paul-street, Manningham, indicates the real value of Zam-Buk as a pain-killer. To a representa- tive of the " Bradford Daily Telegraph," he said :—" 1 was always blessed with a robust constitution in my youth, but the dye-house is a very hard place to work in. I have to bend a great deal over the vats, and some time ago I commenced to suffer from excruciating pains in the back. This had a very depressing effect on me, and I dreaded almost having to go to my work. The pains started first at the bottom of the back, and then gradually went to the shoulder blades. Subsequently I had severe attacks of headache These pains almost drove me mad, and I tried all kinds of so-called remedies, but I could get little relief. Both backache and headache continued for many months, and I was at times unable to go to my work. I then saw an account in the papers about the remarkable soothing qualities of Zam-Bnk, and gave it a trial. I had my back and shoulders rubbed well with it every night. At first there was little improve- ment, but I continued until I found the pains were dis- appearing. I persevered, and at last Zam-Buk killed them altogether. Now lam as well as ever, and it is a I pleasure to work. I attribute my cure solely to Zam- Buk." Zam-Buk is superior to the old-style embrocations I and liniments. Rubbing Zam-Buk in rubs pain, stiffness, I or weakness out and it should always be used for sore- I ness in joints or muscle, stiffness, sprains, strains, back pains, rheumatism cramp, swelling due to weakness or inflammation, bad knees and ankles, aching feet, cuts, bruises, burns, scalds, poisoned or festering sores, eczema, psoriasis, ulcers, bad legs, diseased ankles, sore backs, itch, dandruff, survy, scalp soreq, erysipelas, piles, rashes, abscesses' boils, pimples, ringworm, &c. Of all chemists, or the Zam-Buk Co., 4, Red Cross-street, E.C., for is: lid. per box, or 2s. 9d. for large family size (containing nearly four times the Is. lid).

===== 0002601_19050617_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Memorial Service.

A special service was held in the Risley Presbyterian Church on Sunday in memory of the late Rev. W. Dunn of Risley, at which there was a large attendance The Rev. J. L. Milne, of Warrington,ofaciated,and preached from the words " Fallen asleep." He made a touching reference to the labours of the late minister. Being present at the Presbytery, the preacher said Mr. Dunn =dea most vigorous speech on behalf of the Risley Church to prevent its being made a preaching station, and be mightalso say the decased had given his life for his old church. Special hymns were sung for the occa- sion, and the Dead March was render ed by the organist

Proposed Renovation'of Wycliffe Church. This important subject is to be considered at the next church meeting in connection with Wycliffe Con- gregational Church. In the current number of the "Church Record" Mr. Zibs Armitage writes that it is estimated that the work which the deacons are agreed oughtto be undertaken without delay, will require a fund of £750, including the debit balance of £2OO on the last building fund. This " says Mr. Armitage, is a larger amount than was expended in 1890, and will re- quirt larger contributions on the part of an increases number of friends. This is enough to act as a stimulant but nothing to despair about. The motion of which notice has been given refers only to the raising of a subscription, and it is hoped the Church will give its cordial assent and appoint a strong committee for the purpose. so that in the spring or early summer of next year, such progress may have been made in the collec- tion of funds beforehand, t that the Church will then see fit to order the work to be carried out. The Minister and Deacons, by way of giving a lead, have made conditional promises amounting in the aggregate to £175 to the proposed decoration fund." Baptist Church, Warrington. Special services in celebration of the Baptist Sunday School anniversary were held on Sunday. In the morning the Rev. H. Dunnico preached in the church. There was a good congregation. En the afternoon a musical service was held in the Parr Hall, when there was a good congregation. Mr. William Roberts occupied the chair. He said it gave him great pleasure to publicly associate himnelf with the magnificent work Mr. Mimic° was doing. He had watched his work very closely and had attended the services again and again, and he could bear personal estimony to the enormous good which was being done. He did not say that he always agreed with him. He had net, but he admired him none the less for saying what he thought and calling a spade a spade. Mr. Roberts said he owed much to the teaching of the Sunday school. He was not at the present time closely associated with Sunday school work, but h was trying in various ways to make the town be loved a little behtter than he had found it. (Applause). The address was given by Kr- T. Jones, of Bolton, who gave an object lesson onche.racter-building. During the afternoon the Legh-street Primitive Metho- dist choir, under the leadership of Mr. Spruce, rendered two anthems "Hear my prayer "and "The heavens are telling." Miss Bridge and Mr. Corrin were the soloists. Both pieces were rendered with mugh feeling, the render- ing of "Rear my prayer" being well nigh perfect. In the evening the Parr Hall was well filled, the Pastor again preaching. The choir and children, under the leadership of Mr. Trow, gave several anthems and choruses. Master B. Clatworthy presided at the organ. The collections amounted to £4o—a decrease upon those of the previous year.

A HEART-BROKEN MOTHER.—The loss of three sons in the South African war, followed by the threatened death from Consumption of a beloved daughter, was the experience of a Newcastle woman. Fell reference to this case,with the happy sequel as regards saving the daughter's life, will be found in the article headed " CONSUMPTION'S DEADLY HOLD."

===== 0002601_19050617_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

CRICKETBRS BUSHEY'S Demon Driver Bats are the grandest made. 131788E1S New Mate]] Balls etain their shape, and last longer than any others. Busszy's Leg Guards are exceptionally good. Bosettv's Batiug Gloves are far superior to the usual class. 130.81tY'S Bags are made to wear. BUBBILY'S Diary and Companion is a gem for 6d. Apply for BLTEISEY'S Catalogue from Local Sports Jutlitters ; 35 and 36 Queen Victoria Street, London. Factories : Peckham, London ; and Wooswell. Suffolk. 4

===== 0002601_19050617_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

First Division.

PRESCOT Nr. WARRINGTON.—This return match was played at Prescot on Saturday. Score :

_ WARRINGTON. PRESCOT. *Jason b Holden 66 J. Evans b Mason 6 P. B. Havatin b Whitfield 22 G. A. Prescott b Mason 11 W. H. Podmore run out 22 W. E. Hinter c Pod- E.A. Connor o Evans b more b Mason 8

Stott 45 P. Mercer c Humps= b W. Richardson run out 0 Mason

T. Thompson c and b D. J. Swift b Mason 0 Prescott A. Tbewlis bD. Prescott 22 J. Whitfield c Podmore W. Hind not out

T. Houghton not out... 14 W. Stott b Mason l2 T. Seddon run out 1 D. Presoot o Thomp- son b Mason W. L. Holden not out 10 Extras

Extras

Total (for seven svkts)22o BOWLING ANALYSIS.

Total 101

WARRINGTON. PRRSOOT. . O. :G. R. W. O. M. R. W. Stott Holden Seddon Whitfield 5 1 11 1 D. Prescot Swift G. Prescot 2 1 4 0 Evans

===== 0002601_19050617_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Second Division.

WARRINGTON V. PRESCOT (SECOND ELEVKIS). Played at Warrington on Saturday. Score : WAItIILNUTOST. PRESCOT. E. Pierpoint c Allen b R. Birchall c Lowe b King E. E. Woods b King 2l J.P.Preston b Plinston 10 J. W. Bibby b Rogers A. Duckworth lbw b H. Stott b Plinston ... 14 Stockley ri . Pierpoint cl Stockley J. Birchall b Plinston 44 b Davies R. H. Lowe b Davies ... 0 R. Mercer c Ducworth D. Plinston c King b b Plinston 2 Rogers W. Ashton c Stott b J. Stockley not out Davies J. T. Oliff c Stockley b Plinston Davies G. Newbourne not out 25 W. Bennet c Lunt b King 1 Extras

Total 164

Total 143

Friendly Matches. LYMM V. ARLEY.—At Lymm. Score : ARLEY. Lymm. J. V. Smith run out l3 J. Hampson c Hart b Rev. —Toogood b Tram- H. Smith tom 1 W. Trantom o Griffin b J. Dale a Trantom b Toogood Hampson H. Smith b Hampson Dr. Love b Trantom 0 J. A. Ferris c Cowburn 0. Tickle b Trantom lO b J. Smith W. Griffin b Trantom 0 W. A. Pollitt lbw b J H. Hart b Trantom F. Coppack Tun out A. Cowburn b Hampson • 2 J. Pollitt lbw b Too- P. Gorman not out A. B. Ferris lbw b • Toogood 2 R. E. Wilks not out T. Rouse b Toogood 0 J. W. Gibbon b Too-

good Extras

Total 49

Total lO2

ST. JAMES'S V. PENKETH PRIESTS' SCHOOL.—Played at Penketh on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the visitors :

ST. JAMES'S.

FRIENDS' SCHOOL.

P.Knight-c Kean bProud 0 Mr. Proud b Davies... 6 F. Tole o Knowles b Mr. Knowles b Rev.

Brown C. Hackney b Proud 0 Mr. Dudley b Knight 6 Rev.D.R.Davies b Proud 12 Mr Mawdsley b Rev. C. Massie b Proud 2 Davies J. Eaton c Brown b Mr. Brown b Rev

Dudley 25 Davies J. Cartwright b Proud... 6 Eaco'me 0 Hackney b (3. Hamblet c Knowles b Rev. Davies lO Proud 0 Carr run out 0 A. Grainger b Proud 2 Howard b Eaton H. Warburton uot out ... 3 Pollard i. c Eaton b

W. Wright b Dudley 0 Rev. Davies 1 Rean not out Pollard ii.z and b Rev Davies , 0 Extras

Extras 9

Total 7O PENKETH V. WOSTANLEY.—At Penketh. Scores : PENKETII. WINSTANLEY. Williams b Humphry 3 Parker c Upson b Cragg lbw b Humphry 0 Houghton 0 Ward b Humphry Davies c Wilson b Parker 11 Houghton 5 Upson a Robinson b Robinson run out 0 Humphry • 5 Humphry b Houghton 3 Ray a Wilson b Parker... 3 Pigot e Cragg b Upson 23 Warburton a Moss b Gibson c Boardman b Humphry Hodgkinson b Humphry 3 Humphry b Upson 0 Dumbill b Parker Boardman not out .. ... 1 Moss a Davies b Ward Houghton b Humphry ... 2 Wilson not out Wilson at Boardman b Ward 0 Extras

Total 43

Extras

Total

Total 52

BEWSEY WESLEYANS V. "GUARDIAN."—PIayed on Saturday on the" Guardian" ground, resulting in a win for the " Guardian" by 74 runs. Score "GUARDIAN." BEWSEY WESLEYANS. W. Massey b Jolley J.Woodhead b Craddock 16 head b Kimberley ... 0 C.E. Gelderd b Jolley J. Moss b Foster C. Burrell b Jolley W. Kimberley c Foster b H. Dale b Burrell Jolley 0 H. Shaw o& b Burrell 0 G. Davies b Jolley J. Gibson c Holloway b J. Jolley b 'Burrell 2 Crookes 4 P. Winstanley b Burrell 11 J. Newton not out 0 J. Craddock b Burrell 0 W. Cotterill b Crookes 2 J. Crookes not out 1 Extras

Total 108

Total 34

WARRINGTON SECONDARY SCHOOL V. CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS (2ND).—This match was played at Pear Tree Farm, Padgate, and resulted in a win or the School by 78 runs. Scores : SCHOOL. ENGINEERS. E. S. Mee b Hall 0 Hill b Houghton R. H. Albery b Drury ... 53 Tasker c Groarke b W. ff. Minards b Hill 6 Minards W. H.Houghton e Gibson Hopkins c Cragg b b Hopkins 16 Minards 2 E. Bloer a Armitage b Billingham o Mee b Hopkins 4 Houghton 5- J. Groarke b Drury W. Harding b Drury 3 Minards P. F. Boardman b Drury 3 Sloper b Minards T. D. Clarke not out ... 3 Gibson b Albery J. G. Kenny not out 1 Drury b Minards 3 A. R. Cragg did not bat Hockle not out S. Jenks St Mee b

Albery - 0 Naylor o and b Houghton 3 Extras

Extras 7

Total (for 8 wkts) 100 Total WARRINGTON THURSDAY V. " GuARDLAN."—PIayed on Monday morning on the ground of the former club, Arpley Meadows,an even game resulting in a win for the " Guardian " by 15 runs. J. Burrell and C. Burrell played conspicuously for the winners, the former scor- ing 42 and the latter taking eight wickets for 38. J. Wells for the losers complied 41 by vigorous hitting.

S 4NKKY WIRE MiLLs C.C. V. WINSFORD C.C.—On Saturday at Winsford, Scores : WINSFORD. WIRE MILLS Norris St Taylor b Walsh b Norris Burton \Veedall lbw b R. Cook 5 Norris Nixan c Dean b Brough 14 Burton c and b Norris 5 Sheffield bR. Cook Dodd c Bladen b Gledve 8 B. Taylor b Norris 0 Stubb c Broughb Gleave 0 R. Cook not out 3 Dunn run out Bancroft c Dean b Gleave Bate c and b Burton 0 Milne not out 7 Denson not out 8 Extras

Extras

Total (inns. declared) 99 Total (for 6 wkts.) 37 GRAPPENHALL v. ASHTON HAYES.—At Grappenhall on Monday. Scores:—

GRAPPENHALL. ASHTON HA' ES. R. Ellis b Wade 0 M. Mounfield b War- J. Warburton b Moun- burton field 26 H. Shallcross b Carter 10 J. Wheen b Wade F. Williams b Schofield 17 b Carter 4 R. Gifford c Haycraft b H. Haycraft c Carter Union 4B b Ellis Jas. Burrows b Schofield 15 F. W. Hayes c Kaye b W. Carter b Nixon 32 Warburton E. R. Hall c Wade b Nixon 0 C. Haynes b Ellis Jno. Burrows c Haynes b W. Wade b Warburton 5 Nixon 3 T. Littler c Evans b A. Lister-Kaye b Wade 1 Jas. But rows A. Evans not out ...... 10 G. Waring not out 7 H. Schofield b Ellis T. Fairhurst c War- button b Ellis 0 Extras

Extras , l7

Total 182

Total 72

SALISBURY-STREET V. PIDGATE INDUSTRIAL Sortoor..—On-Saturday atm resulted in a win for the School by 44 runs. Score :

INDLIiTILIAL 'SCHOOL. SALISBURY-STRELL. I Welsby b Wadsworth ... 2 Nield c Cooper Hart b Wadsworth 0 Locker c Cooper * 0 Flanaghan b Nield 0 Houghton c Flanaghan G Learcook c Wadsworth 4 Wadsworth b Cooper... 4 Rankis run out Cooper c Nield Bowen c Wadsworth ll Newbould b Cooper ... 0 Faplin b Locker 7 Unsworth c Cooper . 1 Noon b Rigby 4 Smalley run out • 0 Yates b Locker West not out Byes

Total NORTHWICH V. GRaPPENHALL.—At Northwich, on Saturday. Score :

gORTHWICH. G RAPPENH ALL: F. W. Harper b Carter... 31 J. Warburton b Harper 6 F. W. Bailey b Watson 4 It. Ellis c Moreton b B. H. Doughty Matson 13 Cliff 4 11. H. Hughes b War- W. Carter b Cliff 1 burton J. Moreton o Hallam b Cliff

Carter H. Cliff b Carter J. Burgess b Carter S. Mellor run out E. Hughes b Carter 2 A. L. Kaye b Molyneux 3 R. Hughes not out 0 J Albinson b Molyneux 4 El. Molyneux b Watson 5 J. Cartwright not out 2 P. Kirkham b Harper.“ 0 Extras

Total 77

Total .....; 54

===== 0002601_19050617_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING

MARRIED v. SINGLE.—The above match was played on Saturday on the Swan Hotel green, Winwick, and resulted in a win foe the married men by ten points. Score :

MARRIED. SINGLE. .1. McLaren , 5 H. Shirley ll A. Baker ' 4 W. Dean ll C. Hughes S. Straw ll A. Dean 7 T. Singleton W. Yates ll R. Melling E.Hughes 8 H. Dean ll W. Straw ll T. Haseldine J. Bate 3 J. Fergusen ll J. Smith J. Eggeton P. Longton (capt.) G. W. Beard W. Britch (Hollins-lane) 11 P. C. Vardey 7 W. Britch W. Holloway ll F. Dooley 0

Total 142 Total 132 Majority for Married, 10.

MAIN AT THE CEMETERY.—The opening main of the Cemetery Bowling Club was held on Whit Monday,when about 60 entered. Substantial prizes were offered, the following being the winners :-1, I'. Ellison; 2, T. Berry, 3, George Ball, jun. ; 4, T. Clare; and a consola- tion prize was divided between George Holbrook and Sam Ratcliffe.

HANDICAP AT BITI.L.S HAD.—In connection with the Warrington and District League, a handicap was commenced on Saturday at the Bull's head and con- cluded last evening. The following were the winners : 1, R. ttothwell ; 29 J. Bolton ; 3, James Wood ; 4, James Roberts ; 5, J. I.lnworth ; 6, John Trevor; 7, J. W. Worsley ; 8, J. Kingsley : 9, H. ; 10, C. Foster; 11, T. Hackett; 12, John Woods.

WARRINGTON WORKS COMPETITION. FIRST ROUND.

RYLAND'S BROS. No. 1 V. CROSFIRLD'S. On the green of the King and Queen on Saturday. Scores :-••• RYLAND& CROSHELDS. W. Povey W. Daniels l5 J. Middleton R. Knight l5 S. Adams l3 W. Kerfoot T. Humphries W. Roughley 6 A. Warburton l5 A. Shaw F. Miller J. Woods l5 W. Ellison U. Monks l5 J. Willett l2 John Shaw G. Holbrook

159 Majority for Itylands, 27.

SECOND ROUND.

LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RArLwAY v. STUBS' 1 FH.B WottlKs.—On the green of the King and Queen on Saturday. Score:— , L. AND N.-W. STUBS' A. Peters E. Taylor l5 Jos. Appleton l2 J. Hutchinson: ll J. Parr W. Bridgen T. Pickering J. T. Whittle J. Mercer l2 P. Wright l5 J. Millington C. Millington IR. Marrow J. Holland T. Horrabin

167 130 3lajority. for L. and N.-W.. 37. •

41 DAYS ACROSS ATLANTIC. TURBINE LINER VIRGINIAN BREAKS ALL RECORDS.

The Allan Steamship Company on Wednesday evening received a cablegram announcing that their liner Virginian has broken all Atlantic records, having passed Cape Race in four days six hours after leaving Moville. This means that the passengers would be only four days out of land. Since Messrs. Allen introduced turbines on their Liverpool-Canada route they have cut off a complete day in the time occupied in the Atlantic passage.

COMMERCIAL Fatrxn,Es.—According to " Kenip's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of Commercial Failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, June 9th, was 173, viz. : —New bankruptcy proceedings published in the London , Gazette, 96; deeds of arrangement registered, 77. The respective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were: Bankruptcies, 101; deeds of arrangement, 86—total 187; being an decrease of 14. The total number of commercial failures recorded during the 23 weeks of the present year is 4,127 ; the total number recorded in the corresponding 23 weeks of last year was 4,016 shocking an increase of 111.

CL4IIKB'S 841 PILLS are warranted to cure, in eithrr sex, allacquired for constitutional discharges from the UlnaryOrgans, Gravel and Pains in the baelt. Pre, fronts Met Tun% HlLOHebei unwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 61. eflob. of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throu4b- on th. world, (ir sent for sixty stamps by the mOcf.t.s. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.- Advt.

FLORILINE? —FOla THE TEETH AND BREAM—Thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hut:tens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, au i gives to toe teeth ft peculiar nearly whilenees and a lelighlfut fragrance to the breath. Price 21. 64. for the liquid, or is. per jar lot the Plorihne " Powder," of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt.

VAIMARtat DISCOVERY FOB E HAIR.—If your hair la grey or white or faint., ori, use the MEXICAN NAM RENEWED. Or it will positively restore, ...very ease. grey or white, hair to its original colour. It makes the htir charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growtn price 3e. 61 per bottle.—Advt. To MOTHERR.—Y re. WINSLow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mottn,rs tor their chlldrenwhile teething, with perfect success It will relie7e the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to t4lit.P; and pounces natural quiet sleet', by relieving the ctilld fro= Pain and the little cherub awakes as bright a button." of all Chemists Is 111. per bottle.— Act

===== 0002601_19050617_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
JUDGE or NATAL SUPREME COURT

Mr. Justice Finnemore Tells of Remark- able Cure of Distressing Eczema By Cuticura— Grew Worse Under Pro- fessiojial Treatment.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
OTHER SUFFERERS CURED BY CUTICURA

"I suffered a severe attack of eczema on the scalp, face ears, and neck, and was for several months under professional treatment, but became worse. My face was dreadfully disfigured, and I lost nearly all my hair. My wife prevailed upon me to try the Cuticura Remedies, which I did with most satisfactory re- sults, the disease disappearing and my hair growing thicker and glossier than before my illness. My wife halt,purchased Cuticura for other sufferers, with good results in each case.—Robert Isaac Finne- more (Judge of the Natal Supreme Court), Pietermantzburg, Natal."

===== 0002601_19050617_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
AGONIZING ECZEMA And Itching, Burning Eruptions, with Loss of Hair, Cured by Cuticura.

The Cuticura Treatment is at once agreeable, speedy, economical, and com- prehensive. Bathe the affected parts freely with hot water and Cuticura Soap, to cleanse the surface of crusts and scales, and soften the thickened cuticle. Dry, without hard rubbing, and apply Cuti- cura Ointment to allay itching, irritation, and inflammation, and soothe and heal, and, lastly, take Cuticura Resolvent, or Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood. This treatment affords instant relief, permits rest and sleep in the severest farms of eczema and other itching, burning, and. scaly humours, and points to a speedy, permanent, and economical cure of tor- turing, disfiguring humours, eczemas, rashes, and inflammations, from infancy to age, when all other remedies and the best physicians fail.

CuticUra -Soap, Ointment, and TVs are sold throughout the - world. Depot', : London, 27 Chu rterhoure Sq.; Paris, 2 Rued. I& Petit Australia, It. Towns Sr Co., Sydney. Voter Drug sr Chem. Co.. Boston ~.V. S. A., Sole Propr. Sr Send for "lloallto Cure Eczema." Mailed Frio. TENNENT's

TRADEMARK

===== 0002601_19050617_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
BEER.

LAGE

GUARANTEED BRIGHT & FREE FROM SEDIMENT

To be obtained from M. WALKER & sONS ITD., Froghall Bridge, Warington. and gall Wine Merchants and Bottlers. Matured in Cold Storage for months before being bottled, See that Every Bottle has the Red T. Label. 19, Lancelots Hey, Liverpool. WELLPARK BREWERY, GLASGOVIi

TOOTHACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S eeevdrits Dee.: 4wYeS Itx4l-4Cti(l:l ileepless Night. Preve•ste I. Nenrslgio Heartaches awl all Ne.ve Pains removed by Net it'.3 NERVINE 4ERVINI.I All Chernkts, ls. or post free on recaipt of stamps to DEPOT. 13. t. George Street. Norwich.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD EVE22YIVIIERO at la. lid., 23. t, 3 113

, 0 _.... b 0 d e 4 LUNG TONIC g .r. ci c TONIC, WORLD'S _ORB FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, &a.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST FAMILY MEDICiNE. KAYE'S ORDSELL'S PILLS

Are a certain care for Indivetion, Biliqtisness. letivthe Dyspepsia. Cons ton, Lister And Kid 1017 .I,,n2:>taincs,t3. For Ladies of ail ages they are Install:At:4a. Of MI Chemist e, ii. 10 awl 43 63. per boa or post free on reseint of start:us. to PEPor. 13, ,t George Street, Norwich.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
BREAKFAST iN BED.

Mrs. A. Wilkinson, of Nelson, had to have break- fast in bed for nionths,owing to Wind Spasms. She took 3 boxes of Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Now she writes :—" I can get up and make breakfast for the whole family without ill effects. My sister who suffered from weak kidneys took one box, and it has done her more good than pounds spent On Medical Men." Holdroyd's Pills are a positive cure for Backache, Lumbago, Rheumatism, Dropsy Wind, Water Complaints, Diseases of the Ridneys Gout, Sciatica, &c. is. lid., all Chemists. Post free 12 stamps. Holdroyd's Medical Hall, Cleck- heaton, Yorks.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
yk

CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBINO AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens an/ Removes all hard callo,itiem on th 4 soles of the fPet. If you suffer try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Son, Chemists, Cheltenham.

O.-s'

===== 0002601_19050617_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Eht "O•omintr Omits

r'lE - WARRINGTON AND MID-CI33IIBIIIIZR WirAgreza." published every Sataards— moraine. TEIE " EsuLasTowN AND NRWTON EXAMINBR, published every Friday afternoon. rHE "sr. HSLIINS EXAMINRII,' published every 1. Friday afternoon. rag " RUNCORN Ewa:um" published every 4- Friday afternoon. T" .. , IDNE6 EXAMII," published every Friday afternoon. THE EXXMINER SERIES PRF:PAID ADVERTISENIENT AP 4.RTH.INTS WANTED HOUSES WANTED A.PARTMItNTB To LET ROUSES TO SE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MiscELLANsous WANTS ARTICLES FoUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

===== 0002601_19050617_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestir Notrbants, etr.

WANTBD good CIENI3IIAL SSIIVANT, able to cook.— Apply 3, WRI,LIRBTON ROAD, Southport. •

W ANTSD, MINERAL ; small References.— DtlNc. N. Rose Cottage, Tarporley.

WANTED good capable GENERAL ; nil duties I age 20 to 25.-119, HIGH ST., C.-on-M., Menet ester.

JANint), good WINK rtAL SIGKVaN ; must have reerances. —Mrs IlaßoN.Post Office Hotel, Klrkb am

WANTRD. Cooks. Housemaid., and Generalc—Apply to Husres RECit4TRY,62 Charlton rd..lllackhesth,t.ondou.

WANTED experienced HOUSE-PARLOURMAID, two in family. three servents.—Bire. 3. A. HARRIS, Chorley. Lanenshire.

WANTAD, GIRL about 15 for chip hp;s must be strong: comfor`able home.—!r. CHICETHAM. Wood it., Middleton. hfancheerer.

mr.VoTRE). for Shlpley, Yorkshire. strong General SER- VANT ; pißin cooking.—Addresq,SHAßdwd,Danebury, Derbe-road, St. Annes.

WAN HID, MINIMAL June 2lst, good Cook essential; two in family ; washing mostly sent ont.—BEAUMONT, The Grove, Altrincham.

WANTRD good strong person as GONKRAL ; able to wash and kon• About 25 or 26 —Apply with refer- ence rB. ALBERT RD., Widnes.

GARDENER WANTS SITUATION, (single handed) lawns, kitchen- garden and glass•—Hovr, 70, Grosvenor it., Higher Brought,- n, Manchester.

NA/ ANTED. Truatworthy willing H kiLP for small family; comfortable borne ; no servant kept ; reference.— Mrs. FOWLER. 19, Arbour it., tiouthisort•

A. IL LRXANDRA BUHAU, on Reeommenled tist, 28. Bold St.. Liverpool,—Adrt. CHATMRTON requires Servants for all parts ; no booking fee. Stamp.

WANTED experienced WAITRIESS. Protestant,aga about 24, Wages MO. must have good r efer,nca.-- xi. A BPDVIC S7kn. Hnit, BaltlPretnne, twit. 13140,kborn.

ITUATION3 VA.CACJT fur Cook-genends, House-parlour- Nurse-hourernaids, near tot:Ann.—Write to rho BUREAU CRivocRRAT., 35 Church it., Kensington, 17.

WANTBD experienced IJOOK, Protestant. age 28 to 40; woes £24 to £26; heln given ; ritinlred by the 20th. —Mn. At. PDEN. S!y kelp Holt, Bolderstone. nesr Blackburn.

A LL OLA.BBBS OF SERVANTS ready from country or town.public and prlvate.—Call or write Miss H illl4morris only office). 6,Oldbam greet, Manchester. Hetabilebed 1862.

NI.M. BRAD RRQUIRBB Good PLAIN GOOKS be wean and liitchenn•aids, Waittessee, Housemaiels, Nurses 9nd superior generals -SELECT iiEGISTRY, Itusholme, Manchester. Fstablished 25 years.

(1001i4 WANTIID £2O to £24, Housemaid Waitress £lB 1.,J to £22, Generals £l2 to V.O. Girls £l4, excellent places Po connection with any other office.—Write to Hafnium:ea 6. Oldham atta.et, ManchmtPr.

Ar ANTED. for Nurse's Home, Cottage Hospital, Ormsklrk, good GENERAL able to do plain co king. No washing. Good wages to 6 perieneed servint.—Apply, with reference to TEE litaTitoe.

mRS. PINSTUN. Progressive Servants' Agency, 94, Charles it. Oldest established in Blackpool. Wants SERVANTS with referm.ces, for Hotels, Boarding. Private Houses ; good wage' ; enclose stamp

ALL CLAIMS OF SITUATIONs, private and pubic good homes. ercellent wages ; places in town, country and seaslde.—Wrlte to HARRISON'S OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street, Manchester.

WANTED for a first class Insurance Company, MEN WITH SPARE TItH, and wiling to Increase their income should anply for pariculars by letter to , " Examiner Wine." Warrington ; only workers need apply.

WANTED COOKS. 110IISEE afDS HODES AIkiD- WAIWESS3 and GUN .IZALS. Good references . LiberAl wages to suitable cervanf.. No fees till suited.— Mrs. Plf4H. Select Uegistry, 6, Burgon Bulldlugs, Pallow- field Manchester.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
V.illanteb

17 MING LADY APPRENTICE for FANCY COUNTER. -IL —AWAY E , Draper, Sankey it., Warrington. A GENTS wanted for 'Enlargements Ac; low priew; 50 per 11. cent. commisslon.-155, COPENHAGEN ST., Condon N.

lENsoN,

4.110 W TO WIN SLMORSS IN HUAI NOSS. post free Is. 3d.--Ssirra, 38 Lem it., Ashton-under-Lvne.

TAHEsSMAKIEG.—GOOD COAT and BODICH HANDS WANTHD.—AppIy BENSON. Dnper Sankey st.,W'gton

VARMRES and Dairymen should send to ALFRED A.MIE3 & CO., Siddals rd., Derby, for list of Milk Churns and Dairy Utensils.

yiIt3FIGRTIO men may easily earn 201. to 40e. per week. Best paying Agency going.--itamped address, 7 CANE I E AVENUE. Ashford Kent.

-DARWIN% or would sell outright, 11. Cricket Novelty. and big profit... easy to work, Fortune.—Joints, Dennetts rd.. New Cro3a. LJndon.

yOUNG MAN SBRKS SITUATION AS PLUMBHR gas. h. & o. water and pump fitter, main pipe laying, &C.—M/DDLETON, Monks Lane, Audlem, Cheshire.

T ONDOti BUSINHS 61 any description undertaken for 1.4 country residents unable to attend to same. Low charges —CotLiEn. 40 Camden High at., London.

NOUNG MINN (strong) WANTHD for Farm Work in Ontario, Canada. Situations provided Immediately on arrival,—For particulars apply ONTARIO GOVERNMENT !loam% 7. James it.. Liverpool.

1 N VIC -TORS AND srecuLsrofro,-4dverti-er, who J- receives first-aims information, is willing to operate for few cllenta. Introduction can be Oven London Stockbroker, —AFC'S, 16, Royal Bzohange. London

NOT a PORIUNB. bet by careful INVISaTaIIiNTS fri stocks and shares £lO will bring in R 2 10s. a week. thus doubling your capital in a montb.—Particulars, address WALLACE &Co.. 108 Bishopsgate it., Within, B.C.

LADI .9.-Is. 2d. only ; au easy and pleasant way of 1 adding to one's income, by writing to W. S. HALL, 419, Wellington at.. Grimsby, and enclosing Is. 21. for sample with full particulars, Money returned if not setisfled.

OCBAN UN ER.—Persons Desirous of becoming Steam- ship Stewards, Stewardesses, Butchers, Waren, Cooks, Pantrymen, Srokers. Trimmers, &c,, forward addressed envelope for Informat/on. BREAH ELL, Bir kdale,Southpor t

SANITAISY INSPHUTORS —Lady Health Visitors; £lOO £3l; several hundred Vacancies annually. open to all ; 40, snecesses. Postal Lessons now Commencing for Manchester Hams. ; fee 255.—Il1csimsa, Science Teacher. Sunderland.

f PHBIMPERIAI SOOtETY OF DANOB TBACHBBS.— .1 Principals of SahoOls,and others rt quiring duly qualified teachers of dancing, should apply for List of Members. to Hon. Sec., Mr. HILDSBLEY, 48 Benthal rd., Stoke Newing- ton. London. N.

NITANTLID to purchase or salt antique and Modern Fur- niture, Plate, Pictures,Curlos,Guns Parcels received, cash same day. Old or molern furniture of any pericd copied and made to order.—PADDINOTON ANTIQUE FUR- NUM: BTORE, 33 Praed at.. London.

FURNHURE, PIANOS, lOCKS, &c.. BOUGHT FOR CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR ADVANtAS MAUL. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGH FOR INSPECTION. 1 .I.itTLEY AND Via, 12 310SS-STREBT, LIVERPOOL.

JOHN VA l kER AND ea. PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS, LITHOGRAPHERS,

FSTIMATRS GIVEN FOR

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTING.

POSTERS EXTRA LAIIGIS SIZE, 40 x 60 One Sheet. RELIABLE WORE. MODERATE CHARGES. NEATNESS AND DBSPATCIf.

JOHN WALE ER dr. Co., PRINTERS, BRWSEY-STRERT, WARRINGITON.

Ifitgtellanoug, On eales, dr.

QTRONG. well-made dress skirts from 4s. 6d.--311is Hum. 1.3 23 Vestry rd. Street. Somerset.

TWO OMI§AM PoWDSH 36/- Cwt. Carr. Paid.—W.krzscz v. J. Barri', High Street, Maidstone.

DUBBER HEELS, CIHNUINS.—Gent' pairs 6d.. Ladies It 5d.. poet free.—Barms HUDSONS. Delph. Manchester.

'MEW Household Acc.mot Book, simple and sensible, 11 3. 6d.post free.—MoQuaaN k SONS. Devanard ,Le er.

LILHOT RIC tItiLL 0,, TFIT, complete, including battery .El bell, wire. &c , 2s. 9,1. HUGHES, Leasowe ri.,Wallasey

CEI.I3INOTS 28. 6d., reproduced from any photograph you: lend, trial solicited.—TAYLon, Plutographer, Morecambe

G"D COMPLRXIOSS secured by using 1111clarne Mbar' Tenle Cream,ls. 6d. post free.-82 HIGH ST, Wells born

RB INGTON TY PIPRItITHR,No. 5. Splendid condition. Saerifice £7.-GnEasnow.l3l,Nelson RD.. Hormey,Lonclon

GOLD-PLATBD NIB 3 for Fountain Pens, Twelve for 6d. —S. GEORGE. 61 Brooks avenue, But Ham, London, B.

DON'T INSUR YOUR LIFE F.efore wrlt.ng expert. It E will repay, you.—SHACKELL. 40. Greet Tower et.. London.

T IM B I LIMB ! Architects and Builders sruating good _IA strong Lime should apply to the TREVOR HELL, LIME CO., Llangollen.

PROFITABLR POSTAL BUSlNBSS.—lnstructlona for commencing, Is. 11.—W. EMERY, 25 Beaconsfield rd. Great Yarmouth.

ON seau, a small quantity Of good WHEAT STRAW, and good bailed i.at Straw.—Apply S. HipSOs. Woreley Hall Farm, Newtown, Wigan.

MAGIC SICLP-LIGHTING MANTLISS —No matches required ; turn on the gas —lt lights itself ; 10d. post free.—Tuomes. 275, West st., Crewe.

KLEIOIEZIN, registered plate cleaner. Can. 6cl and 11. , three caw, ether Biz poet free. Agents wanted.— WEartra. The Modern Jew,tller, Southeen.

QTOCKINGS RAIMIDRIIItD, two palm. la. 6d. post 13 free ; mono:, returned if not approved.—HOSlEßY WAREHOUIE, 221., Wharf rd., Grantham.

A STROLOGY.—Horoseope of Charantsr and Events, with twa years' future added.—Send birth &de, le. P. 0., Prof Gons,n, 28, Hill et_ Newport, Mon

RIEII9, blue. black, or colours. tritnmed silk. 2g ad, 9d., or 4s. lii.. post free. Aoproval.—SimPewee R.P.Q.R. STORES. Sidon st., South Shields. THI3I Great Value of Reform should be known by every Married Woman For particulars send stamped enve- lope.—RFFOßM, 44, Kingston rd.. Poole, Dorset.

POJTCARDS, AOTHESSI4S.—Pbotos, coloured views. 30, Is., money returned ir unsatiitied. Trade supplied. —ABDRIMP, 17 Grerhound lane, Streatham. London.

BaZAA.II GOODS (Special,. sp.—Greatest variety and value in tbe trade,whole.ale.--laLmmi & qATTEMWMIN, LTD.. Plough Buildings, Gioneester st., Birmingham

11AVH YOU A DULL RAZOR P—Send for 4 sample of my Eazor Table's ; post tree, 3d. ; satisf4c,ion guaratv eecl, Agents wanted —IRONMONGER 69 Wsrdsend. SheffiHld.

10111AFBRHABOINGS,—A. large factory require duced local agents. Excellent set. satisfactory terms offered.—Address 2. Cross et , Finsbury, Lo^clon. B.C. lAKBS for Gars en Parties, Es• each.—Tennis, Chocolate V Walnut, Batt enberg, &c. Original Batts Buns, 2s. doz Post (refs.—fit:VOX High-class Confec-tlonerourbitOn.

your? CHAELAOTI EU CH DIMIRATHD from your hand- writing. Send specimen, stamped envelope. and is. P.O. to 'VERITI.9,' 50, Bereeford Hov,l4arrngay, London.

TN EVERY HOUSEHOLD a list of recipes is worth pounds. You can Ret, such and save pounds by sending only 2s. 6d. to BLEIGEI CLIFT, Esq., Lakenheath, Suffolk.

A3IAZINO DlsCOVEßY.—Longitudes from Greenwich clock give working distances and dimensions of the flat- earth. Plan on stiff card—Sixpence from IltlinDLEToN. Tower flonse. St. statthew's Gardens. St. Leonards-on-Sex.

I\T rattLiti • 8.111,30. kusoolt Nets, Nootoati Ltual Net., .1.11 Bing Nets, enrse Nets, Sparrow Nets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description THOMAS Jonsismes, Net Warehouse 38 Corporrtion-street, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19050617_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

cIANEuttLYB POISON tor Killing lints answers well. " After one dressing I fo Ind 136 dead next morn- ng "—J. Blase, Helsthorpe. Leighton. I killed ZOO rats eith Sanford's Poison "—O. Coox, Farmer. Bilesmere. "I destroyed 145 rats with it."-0 WILSON. °Hord. —Send Is Ed SANFORD It SON. Sandy Bede. Sold by Chenalsts

Aiisreliantoug, On Oales, etc.

910 Bli SOLD three CLOVER STACKS; wea harvested.— I Apply THOMAS R, SUTTON, Moston Manor, Sandhaek.

S SHOP and HOUSE and house adjoining ; 5-stalled stable and workshop ; waggunette very litt!e used, —3. MARKET ST., or King's Head, Atherton.

SALB, HOUSII 25, Widersoool CBl.l away. War- rington ; 2 entertaining, 5 bedrooms. ba 0, w.c. lavatory, kitchen. Ice.—For particulars apply above address.

UILDING LAND.—uak.aale-avenue, Overton, Pro d.atam, beautifully situated, 15 minutes' walk frotn station ; to be leased in plots for detached, or semi-detached houses Apply to JOFINT LITTLER Fl, Bank, Prodsharn.

go! or kb, Zuslttmses &ba: e , ea. IMGING ROUSH good FOR bALN, good connection. 1— good accommodatlon.—Apply lett,r or call, 3, GASKELL COURT, Bolton.

DIMIEDIATH DISPOSAL good CONPBOTION bail/ nUSINIISS. Bakenouse on leel, any over. going abroad. —l9O BRIGHTON ST , Seacombe.

(1111 NA awl anat., n N aots tor sate \J main road ; splendid stand.—Particulars apply J. Bunr..ow, Estate awl Business Agent, Union Bank Buildings, Warrington.

20 SISTS OLD RA12241E33, El t £2 10s. ; sundry bridieg, collars, gears, gent's saddles, end head collars CUMMIX9. 6adler, Southport.

u tit el.

1?SII1R.—HOIT81139 to LET. £3) to £3oo.—Wr te GARROD -/-71 & WATSON Higb it., Behar.

rUO BH BT,--40US1 ana SHOP 87, Plumpton et. 1. Liverpool rd., Warrington. Suitable for Greengrocer or Ptah—Apply J. TITCHETT & SON, 14, Caro street.

910 Livr at °NCH good BISHILHOIIoI3I, taklug full licence; -1... all bills shown ; starting building large factory opposite ; been In four yeare.—DOLPHIS INN, Heaton lane, Stockport.

TO BE Ll:CT.—Large FAMILY HOUSE, with garden, No 17, Stafford rd.. Wilderapool ; rent £28.-122(10re o the tenant, or at 116. WILDESSPOOL CIAUREW AY, WEttingtOn.

LITHOGRAPIIEREI. BOOKB. timanS. SIATIONERS. EXAMINER MICR, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
etturatton.

hiIANDBAUrt bCituOL, Oa, 811110;.—Moderate Pe,. Illustrated Prospectus from Hevim,ster.

601100 L, tOUTtiPOKT. A mosT SUCCESSFUL BOARDING tiCOOL FOR BOYS.

ric-ipai,""

===== 0002601_19050617_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
1/orsto, nogs, *tuck s:r.

TWO BLACK I,A.ri IE DufaS, three months old; good .1 atra ; hea,thy ; 123. each —S. LOW:UDE% Sheppard at , Crewe.

in±,,AND AFRIUAN BikititOT with red tail. Begun to talk, 25i., approval.—McKElND, Seabright Villa, Castle-Vouglac, deotland.

Q MART RUSTIC UM FOR SALE, with rubtor tyres snd 13 yellow under works ; suit cob, 13 to Ili hands.—Apply M. Moore, Auctioneer, Zsrlestown.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
egqs, Poultrv, ett•

L ARGH Aylesbury MICK EGGS, 2s. 34. per sitting,- 4ppiV JAMES ' 001 C, IA Roman r 4.. Blackburn.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
itlatiOnicrje, ttr.

OIL lINGIIIII.—The • Victoria ' is the simplest and bee made. Cheap and reliable. Send for interesting cata- loaue, post free —W AJAR a CLARK, Guise ey,Leeds.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
[_)IIEIJMATISAL Lumbago. Stiff Joints. U Ltd H BMW'S FAMOUS BAIHROCKLION, 25.-8, HI.BELRIGGE RD., Clapham, London. - _ _

Greatest Corn Cure on Earth is Cornela, Price Is. 7 box.—J. SmoiniVit, 95 Dongcla rd.. Plaistow E.

QTHRILE MARIIIAGH —lts Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women ; a new edition just pub lobed Post free 3s. Sid. London. —sEELLEy 1 Co., LTD 38, Graceehtirch It.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
&ale hp Mutton,

iiiimep

RULE BOOKS and CONTRIBUTION CARDS for FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, ao.

JOHN WALKER AND CO. ~txmaiNßß" OFFICE, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER.

JUNE 17th 1905.

Lieut. G ene ral Sir THE ARMY STORES WILLrAm BUTLER has SCANDAL, again rendered enor

moos service to the country by his exposure of the terrible scandals in connection with the War Stores Department in South Africa. Will it be possible, we wonder, for any Tory speaker or writer, after the grave irregu- larities and swindles revealed in Sir WILLIAM BUTLER'S report, to plead any longer that thisl Tory Government has been wise and strong in foreign affairs ! The nation is already familiar with dead meat scandals and remount scandals, but the latest revelations are the most deplorable and discreditable of all. It appears that at the close of the war the military authorities held enormous accumulations of food supplies and forage in South Africa—sufficient to feed more than 300,000 men and '200,000 animals for four months. Lord KITCHENER declared that we should be able to sell locally a great quantity of this material at good prices, and now we learn from the blue book that a gang of =tractors used their influence in official quarters in order to obtain these stores at extremely low prices, and worse still, they immediately resold them to the military authorities at an inflated figure. A profit of £2,000 is said to have been made in one day on a deal in oats, while the sale of chaff in a single instance realised £6l3 moneys which left the imperial treasury for the pockets of unscrupulous speculators. Than them) worthy people were allowed also to reject a quantity of the stores on the ground of "inferior quality,"and to claim and obtain a rebate of £21,232 the payment of which huge sum seems to have been authorised solely by the signature of a subaltern The blue-book further informs us that the cheque for this £21,232 was issued by the Army Pay Department apparently without any questions being asked or any counter signature being required. A pretty story truly ! It is so amazing that one wonders what the Tory press and party would have said if such things had happened under a Liberal administration. Will the Tory Govern- ment resign or will they still cling to office and con- tend that their occupancy of the ministerial benches is necessary for safeguarding the honour of the country abroad and the protection of imperial interests ? We remember that the last Liberal Government was: ejected from office because the Tory party pretended to have discovered a shortage in cordite at home. They considered this a very scandalous breach of confidence and were horrified to think that the national safety might be jeopar- dised by this want of war material, which they perfectly well knew could be rectified at a few hours notice. What have these same conscientious gentlemen, who protested so loudly then, got to say now in mitigation of the scandalous revelations , made since the Tory Government plunged us into Ithe miserable South African business ?

One of the most telling indictments in Sir WILLIAM BUTLER 9 report is as follows : "Are the taxpayers of this country to continue to be the sport of the many ques- tionable contractors who are as ready to follow their several avocations in the wake of a war as they are also willing to be its pioneers?"

Here we find it roundly asserted that these "questionable contractors " were the pioneers of the war. For them we have poured out the life's blood of over 20,000 of our brave song, we have devastated the country of South Africa, destroyed two republics, and handed over the enormous wealth of the diamond and gold fields to alien millionaires who succeeded in getting from this Government of ours permission to introduce the Chinese labourer into the positions which we were given to understand would be open to Britishers at the termination of the war.

Mr. ARNOLD Fosna,Secretary for War, appears to be extremely anxious that the British public I should not too severely censure the " persons named. . . . in the report." He says that "as far as charges against individuals are concerned the matter dealt with in the Report must be regarded as sub judi co." The Report "cannot be regarded as a judicial finding." This is rlear on its surface. The evidence was incomplete, it was not taken on oath, and some of the persons whose conduct is called in question have not been heard. Further search is necessary, we are told, "to reach that hitherto impenetrable background where some deeper calculator has his abode." We can only hope that some sleuth-hounds will yet be able to track to their lair those "chief offenders against the nation to which by birth or nationalisation they belong." The danger is lest some of these men should be allowed to escape altogether from the penalties which their conduct merits, and the chief difficulty lies in the question whether the final investiga- tion should be entrusted to representatives of the present Government. In any event the whole sordid business must eventually, and before long, be salamittel to the national verdict, which, we hope, will be given in such a manner as to show this and all future administrations that they cannot thus trifle with the nation's blood and resources with impunity.

The National Service League is making con- siderable headway locally, judging by the second annual report of the Warrington branch which has 3ust been issued. Thanks to the energy of Captain Crosfield, and the excellent work of the Ladies' Committee, the membership of the branch has nearly doubled during the year and now stands r at 393, while the finances are in a sound condi- tion notwithstanding a good deal of propaganda work. Obviously from the repurt, the National Service Leaguers have not yet forgiven Mr. Balfour for publicly pooh-poohing the idea of a foreign military invasion. "Slowly but surely," says the report, "will the educative influence of the League

make itself felt, despite the misleading arguments of our statesmen." It has all along been one of the pet methods of the League to work upon our fears if we have any, and to create them if we have not. The bogey of invasion has been so often held up before us that it has become like the cry of " wolf" in the fable. We hope, however, that the sequel will not be so sad. Our readers are well aware tha; it is in: regard to the question of compulsory service where we, in the main, fall foul of the League. With its aims of inculcating a spirit of discipline, improving the physique of the nation, and even of imparting military training, we are in full sympathy, so long as the training is voluntary. But unfortunately the League chooses to consider the voluntary system played out, whereas our view is that it has never yet had a fair chance. If the League would devote its energies to obtaining a thorough reformation of the basis and management of our auxiliary and Volunteer forces it would be performing a com- mendable task with much greater likelihood of a widespread public support. Compulsory training " goes against the grain " with the free-born Britisher, though he is never behind-hand when there is•any fighting to be done. While dissenting from the methods of the League in forming an adequate second line of defence, we are yet pre- pared to admit that so far as it has gone, the League has done useful service in opening the nation's eyes to the inefficiency of our present day complex military system.

Northern Union footballers are now out-and-out , professionals. The saving clause, that relating to the employment of every player, was abolished at the annual meeting of the Union on Wednesday evening. It has long been foreseen that such a step would be forced on the authorities, but the change is none the less an important one and likely to have far-reaching effects. In the first place it means that playets will no longer he ' compelled to work before they play, they may idle all the week and still play football on Saturday—if they keep themselves fit. Actually however, most players in the Union will probably retain their employment, for very few, if any clubs will be able to aff.,rd the entire support of a largo body of professionals and see to their physical training in addition. So far as Warrington club is concerned the men will still have to work to live, but a greater measure of responsibility for their physical fitness will be thrown upon the officials and committee. In all probability the new departure in policy will have the effect of ' confining Rugby football in the north even more exclusively to the large and wealthy clubs, and in this respect it may prove a serious matter in the future, for the rival code is rapidly pushing on one side many of those Rugby organisations which are in a parlous financial state. Whatever the subsequent outcome, however, the Warrington Club will, we believe, be able to keep in the fore- front and participate, as heretofore,in the honours falling to the best exponents of the Rugby game.

Education is the question of the moment at Stockton Heath, and the progress of the negotia- tions between the Parish Council and the Cheshire County Council will be watched with interest by people on this side of the water. The " Heathens practically condemn the scheme all ' round, but the main ground of their objection is that the cost of the new school which the Countir Council propose to erect will, if based on the usual estimate of 15 for each scholar accommodated, total £12,000. The villagers quite naturally con- sider this unnecessary extravagance, and tiler? seems to be no reason why the Council should not be able to devise a less costly scheme. A conference between a sub-com- mittee of the Parish Council and the Church School managers is being held with a view to formulating alternative proposals. Warrington,, people will be most concerned with the "Heathens hall-threat to exclude Warrington children from the Stockton Heath school, on the ground that they make no contriblition to the rates. ProbahlY investigation would prove that the entire afea tr" be served by the new school—Stockton ide,th Latchford Without,and Walton Inferior—sends as many if not more children to receive their educa- tion in Warrington than go from the borough to Stockton Heath.

. 1. . I 1' ,

===== 0002601_19050617_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
A MINING ENGINEER'S CLAIM.

Penketh Man's Successful Action.

At the Newnham (Gloucestershire) County Court 01 Friday of last week, his Honour Judge Eiicott, had before him a claim brought by Andrew Jackson, mining engineer and colliery manager and a member of the firm of A. Jackson and Sons, Penketh, mining ad n mechanical engineers, for £lOO balance of commission and salary alleged to be due, from Albert Schofield, colliery proprietor, residing at Nuthurst Farm Fail worth, Manchester. Mr. Herbert Williams, Of Mon- mouth,appeared for the plaintiff,and Mr. Frank Treasure of Gloucester, for the defendant. The claim was for balance of commission in respect of the purchase or Addis Hill Colliery in the Forest of Dean, and salary fle colliery manager at .24 per week, from the 10th Novem- ber last to the 19th April of the present year. Defendant counterclaimed £4 us. 6d. as being due from plaintiff to defendant, this amount had been paid into Court. The plaintiff's contention was that although he re- ceived a week's notice defendant's employ as manager of the Addis Hill Colliery, he was entitled to a month' notice, and so informed the defendant, who, however, had never given such notice to him. The plaintiff wrote to the defendant on the 12t11 November saying that at the end of November he should require one month's notice. He met with an accident at the colliery on the 19th November the date upon which the week's notice expired, but be stated that he went to the colliery as usual until the 23rd November, when he finally left and went home to Penketh, where he had since remained. The defence was that plaintiff was engaged and pai4 as a weekly servant, and that therefore a weeks' notice was the legal one. Alternately, however, the defendant contended that the plaintiff, by his letter of November, 12th, gave notice to leave on December 31st, and that' therefore he would in any case only be entitled te wages as from the 19th November to the 31st December, being six weeks at £4, viz. £24. His Honour held that plaintiff was entitled to recover the whole amount of the salary claimed, and gave judr ment on the claim for £lOO with costs. On the counter claim, he gave judgment for Schofield for £4 us 6ct• without costs.

MR. A. H. CROSFIELD. Golf Champion of France. 1 , Liverpool golfers will, says a Liverpool contemporary be delighted to hear that Mr. Arthur H. Crosileld, popular member of the Royal Liverpool Club, on Satur- day won the golf championship of France. Mr. Crosfleld .: met Sir Edgar Vincent, M.P., for Exeter, in the flue! of ' the tournament, and bad an easy victory. Mr. Crosflola has on several occasions taken a team of Hoylake golfers to the Riviera to play against a team got together bY the Grand Duke Michael of Russia, and more than ones the Grand Duke has visited Hoylake as the guest of Mr. Crosfleld. _ _ _

Mr. Crosfleld's enthusiasm for golf and sport getter` ally is well known in Warrington, and our readers generally will, we feel sure, heartily congratulate his' upon his success. The stiffest matches Mr. Crosfield had were in the demi-semi final on Friday morning, when he had to niee Livingston; and in the semi-final on Friday afternoo3- when he met Mallaby Deeley. Livingstone was o°ll- sidered quitea first-class golfer at Mid Surrey, wher"„ he had shown remarkably fine form of late, and it expected he would win the French Championship. was not playing quite the top of his game, an i asl`el' Crosfield secured the start at the commencement be managed to keep the lead till the end, winning by fo__„tir up and three to play. The hardest match he had sYn' on Friday afternoon against Mallaby Healey, a scratott player at Mitcham and a very well-known golfer. 11,e Was at the top of his game, and it was only throngh Crosfield being in great form that he managed to He was dormy 2, but his opponent took the 17th SO that it was touch and go to the end. He won the 18th hole, however, making him two up on the round. 4 His form the next morning in the first round of t't final left a good deal to be desired. and his oppueen Sir Edgar Vincent, was one up at the 18th hole. Aftef, lunch however, he was again playingthe very top his form, and though Sir Edgar made a sturdy fight it, Mr. Crosfield drew away steadily and won by five oP and four. for We understand that three parts of the competitora,-, the French Amateur Golf Championship are Eng"sct but golf is being rapidly taken up by Frenchmen, eine doubtless some day will be RS popular across the wfl as lawn tennis has become, It is an interesting, that a game corresponding to golf, was, it seems, PiaJta in France as far back as the 14th century, according the records found in old illustrated breviaries.

I

===== 0002601_19050617_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

, :

I

===== 0002601_19050617_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Where was the Cup? It was conspicuously absent from the Football Club " Smoker " on Thursday 'evening, •* * * The experience that we have had of government by the aristocracy for the classes will hardly conduce to our soon again trying the experiment.—" Truth." The zeal for reform in headgear has spread to War- rington, and of late the members of the police force and Tramways Departments have been resplendent in summer peaked Caps, not unlike the famous " Brocl- rick " in pattern. * * At last ! A successful trial run over the Light Rail- , 'lvay No. 1, to Victoria Square, Stockton Heath, took place on Wednesday. Several minor adjustments ,ave yet to be made, and as far as we can learn there ne no prospect of the regular service being opened 'within a measurable time. • 'Mr. A. H. Crosfield has a winning way, with him, Which has been very effective of late. Last week he, annexed the Golf Championship of France bv beating a Tory M.P. We quite anticipate that by by, another Tory' M.P., he will ere long secure the political championship of Warrington. He is a much-fancied norapetitor. * * * We notice elsewhere an advertisement for the cure nf dull razors "-My razor tablets " are the stated remedy of the advertiser, but whether they have to be taken internally we do not know. 'Tis possible, almost. The properties which have been compressed into tablets of recent years are remarkable. You can cure indigestion, develop photographs,and sharpen dull razors by tablets ! Wonderful thuegs ! * They seem to have George Washington's successor at Birmingham (no reflection on "Joe.") A couple ef men were charged there on Tuesday with being drunk. One of theni was asked if hp had had anything to drink that morning, to which he replied, "No !" Then, after a moment's reflection, he said, " That Would be a lie, if I said '-No,' so I cannot tell a kie,and I must tell you that I had just a wee drain." * * * There was quite a touching demonstration of loyalty at the Lymm May Queen Festival on Thursday. The Queen had just ascended the throne amid the plaudits of thousands of spectators when a donkey, which had • taken up a convenient position behind the throne, ' joined in the general rejoicings and brayed lustily. Her Majesty must have been impressed by this signal mark of homage..

I* * * The officials and committeemen of the Football Club were resplendent in gorgeous gold rings at Thursday's smoking concert in Parr Ball. There was some stroking of moustachios and heated brows after the presentation of the " signets"—a testimony that even , ~ football-club managers are human. We have seen • nothing handsomer than these mementoes of Warring- ton's Cup-vietory, and we know they are well- , 'deserved: * * , * ' The good people of Lymin can this year afford to laugh at the scoffers who dilate upon the seeming, in Congruity of a May festival in June. By holding their revels in Whit-week the villagers have been favoured with the ideal weather coaditions which were denied their neighbours of Knutsford who cling ' to the real " May pay" observance. Thursday's festival was a large success, and should put the pro- mot.s in good humour for months to come. I* * * • Wholesale jobbery, crass stupidity, ignorance, and appalling incompetence, are some of the charges which Sir Wm. Butler's Committee on the management of the ~ food and forage stores•in the South African war put forward in their sensational report issued on Thurs. , day The British taxpayers' money seems to have been literally shovelled into the pockets of dishonest , 1 " contractors' Yet Mr. Balfour, as head of the Govern- merit, will still rest content in office NV ith an obedient , majority and a seething country behind him. * * * Mr. 11. A. Naylor has been blarneying the members of the Criccieth Ladies' Unionist Association at Llanyetwmdwy—which is a much prettier place than I name suggests and moreover is the biith-place of Lloyd-George, M.P. " Whatever they 'might ink " said Mr. Naylor "lie could say from what he °ad seen and heard that they were going to win the coming election." Evidently Mr. Naylor has " seen 'and heard" some queer things, but he is likely to meet with some that"bangßanagher ''before he is much Older. Carnarvon Boroughs know full well the value of Mr. Lloyd George, M.P. * * * Crabs usually walk sideways, but a remarkable specimen in the possession of Mr. Charles Lee, of the Warrington market, looked as if it could have walked any way when it was hale and hearty. This particu- lar crab possesses a claw shaped, with wonderful exactness, like a human leg adorned with a high heel *boot. The resemblance rendered is even greater to the human pedal extremity by the fact that the "boot" Portion of the claw is jet black. Nothing like it has ever been seen before by the crab cognoscenti and Mr. Lee is naturally very proud of his unique possession. Ile has had the crab preserved and photographed and is only too happy to show it to callers. *5 * . The controversy on "tainted money," and particu- larly on the acceptance of Mr. Bockefeller's donation to the Board of Foreign Missions, has been acute in -tkrnerica during the past two months, especially in the meetings of Congregational associations. The most remarkable aspect of the case (says the "Christian World ") is that men like Drs. Abbott and Gladden, Drs. Bradford and Josiah Strong, who have heretofore stood together on social and religious questions, have taken opposite sides on this. Thus far the current of opinion seem tending to Dr. Gladden's side, who introduced the phrase, tainted money,' some years ago.

its ,

I

* * * The Whitsuntide vacation would come as a relief to members of Parliament who have been kept in exceed- ingly close attendance to their Parliamentary duties this session up to Whitsuntide. The subjects have been varied in character and the divisions frequent and heavy. In one the extraordinarily large number of 571 members took part. In 168 over 250 voted, in 135 over 300, in sixty-eight more than 400, and in six over 500. There were 199 divisions in all. We notice that Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P.' voted in 102 divisions, Colonel It Pilkington in 117, Colonel W. Hall Walker in 97, and the Hon. Alan do Tatton 'Egerton in 152. * * * The urban and rural authorities in Cheshire are rising in their wrath against the County Council, Which proposes to expend £154,000 upon new schools. Education is rapidly becoming too expensive for the members of the local authorities, and they are going to combine in order to hold a conference which may have some weight with the County Council. Mr. Stokes 'of the Runcorn Rural Council advanced a new idea in discussing the matter. "He did not kee the benefits Which arose from education. Amongst the youth of the present day there was a disinclination for work Which they did not see in former times." This may be rather old-fashioned of Mr. Stokes, but does over- 'educating lessen the desire for work? There is a nice problem here for enthusiastic educationists. * * * It is dangerous to form hasty conclusions, and on , 'Tuesday Mr. S. Woodward, a prominent member of the Runcorn Board of Guardians, had a special oppor- • thnity of realizing the fact. A letter had been received protesting against any new authority being formed to relieve the unemployed. Mr. Woodward Placed an exactly different construction on the letter, and with the remark that there were already Sufficient public bodies, moved that the communication should un the table. This motion was seconded, and the Chairman was about to put it to the meeting when the Clerk explained' the true purport of the letter. "Oh then I move that we strongly support it," said Mr. Woodward with alacrity, and the Board once more hastened to follow his lead, with the result that the letter, rescued in the nick of time from the ignominy "lying on the table" has now the Board's most Cordial approval.

[I

STOCKTON HEATH. - ALLE6 FD EMTIEZZLESIF.NT.--At Warrington Occasional Court on Thursday, Henry Deakin Mitchell-street, Stockton Heath, was charged with embezzling the sum of £1 3s. 10d. from Messrs. H. White and Sons, mineral rater manufacturers, Stockton Heath, on Juno 10.—Mr. . Browne prosecuted, and said defendant was a carter In the employ of prosecutors, and it was his duty to take out mineral waters each morning, and to account sor the same at night, for the quantity which had been On Saturday he was £1 3s. 10d. short, and when Vied to account for it said ho had spent the money. efendant was remanded to the Daresbury Petty Sessions on July 11, bail being allowed.

t

LOCAL NEWS.

Index to Inside Pages. PAGE. 2. Women's Chat and Fashions. Runcorn Board of Guardians. "The Black Motor-Car." Homing. 3. Northern Union Annual Meeting. Cricket and Bowling. Our Local Churches. Children's Corner. 6. Police News. Warrington Albions A.F.C. Runcorn Rural Council. "A Modern Siren," by Robert Barr. 7. Trades and Labour Council. Warrington Man's Alleged Perjury. Cycling Gossip.

_ "PREMIER" CYCLES at 9 guineas for Best Grade, unsurpassed.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt. Coming Events.

• An open meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society will to-morrow (Sunday) he addressed by Mr. Frank Lord, of the Manchester Central Mission. Selections will be given by. Messrs Cook's Quartette Party_ The preacher at the Gollywne•street Baptist Church on Sunday will be Mr. W. Harding, of Bolton. The anniversary of the Warrington Welsh Church will be celebrated on Sunday. The services will be held in the Parr Hall and will be addressed by the Rev. Wynne Davies, Liverpool, who in the afternoon will speak upon "The Welsh Revival." The annual show in connection with the Wirrall and Birkenhead Agricultural shoW will be held at Bebing• ton near Birkenhead next Thursday, Friday and Satur- day. In addition to the usual attractions of the show Jumping contests and a pam ade of motor cars will be held each day. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—IINDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Personal.

We are glad to note the success of Mr. George Jones at the exhibition held by the, Carpenters' Com- pany of London, when he was awarded the second prize (value £3) for work sent up by him to the exhibition. Mr. Jones is a member of the Warrington Technical institute. The competition was open to any British subject. Mr. Edward Holt, of Manchester, is withdrawing from his Liberal candidata: e in the Wirral Division of Cheshire, owing to the delicate state of Mrs. Holt's health.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE Toxic cures Sleeplessness. —(Advt.) -

'p

===== 0002601_19050617_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Woinen's Liberal Association Picnic.,

The annual picnic of the Warrington Women's Liberal Association is this year destined for Belle Vue. Monday, June 26th, has been fixed for the date and it is expected that the party will consist of from twelve hundred to fifteen hundred people. Men's tickets will be 3s. including railway fares admission to Belle Vue, and tea. The tickets may be had from Mr. J. Howes, jun., at the Liberal Club.

Asx for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt.

The Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds. The Friend in Need Lodge, 1077, held their quarterly meeting on Saturday at the Waggon and Horses Inn. After the Lodge business P.P.C,S. William Hall the treasurer `presented the Secetary P.P.C.S. James, Lowe in recognition of 20 Tears' services with a hand- some cruet and cutlery to match. The following brethren took part in the presentation P.M. William Lawler, P.M. James Gillooly, P.P.O.S. Thomas Duck- worth, and other members of the Lodge. The meeting concluded with songs from various members of the Lodge.

LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER TH E CLOCK. BRID E-STREET . —Advt. Fire at Castle Rubber Works. , Some excitement was created on Monday morning when the Fire Brigade was summoned to an outbreak at the Castle Rubber Works. A good muster of men under Superintendent Turner and Deputy Superinten- dent Turner,was quickly on the scene with a steam fire engine. The fire had originated in the boiler room were some repairs were in progress. The artificers had been using a naked light to aid them in the work and this, it appears ignited some parafin. Fortunately the brigade had no difficulty in extinguishing the flames before they had time to spread. Had the fire extended to the rubber department the consequences would have been serious. As it was, the damage was ve-y slight. An employe named Fitzgerald, who was working at the boiler, sustained injuries to the hand and ankle.

"PnEmtErt" CYCLES at 12 guineas with change Speed gear &c., unectualled.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
Chat Moss Ablaze.

On'llonday night the Leigh Fire Brigade was sum- moned to what proved to be the largest fire over seen on Chat Moss. The three years' stock of moss litter stacks, belonging to the Griendts—een Moss Litter Company, near Astley station, was ablaze. The sheet of flame, four hundred yards long, was fanned by a strong easterly wind, and spread rapidly, acres of bracken also catching, fire. Owing to the engine sinking repeatedly in the moss it was two hours before the brigade was able to commence preventing the flames extending to the adjoining stacks. Despite the exertions of the brigade, who obtained water for their steamers from a pond four hundred yard away, the flames spead to two other rows of peat stacks, each a quarter of a mile long, forming three gigantic fires, visible many miles away. The spectacle was watched by crowds of pe pie. The fire- men remained all night, endeavouring to save other stacks. While leaping across a ditch near the fire George Yarw md, aged fourteen, of Chapel-street, Leigh, fractured his leg.

ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.—Advt. 1 Exhibition of Gas Cookers. As time goes on, the use of coal gas for cooking purposes is becoming increasingly popular. House- wives have not been slow to recognize the valoe of a fuel which on the grounds of economy and suitability, has so much to recommend it, and during the summer months in particular many thousands of gas cookers are in use. Messrs. Fletcher Russell and C 0.,, Ltd., who possess a high reputation as manufacturers of all kinds of gas cooking appliances, have this week been holding an exhibition of some of their lead- ing lines in the Parish Room, Grappenhall-road, Latchford. Commencing on Tuesday afternoon, there have been large numbers of visitors to the exhibition each day, the course of cookery lectures delivered in the afternoons and evenings, by Mrs. H. M. Young (diplomee, Liverpool, London and Paris) constituting a special attraction. The exhibits, attractively arranged round the room, suffice to give one an excellent idea of the variety of goods which the employs are daily engaged in producing. Special attention has been called to the treble-cased indestructible cooking ranges, the great advantage being that the patent porcelain enamel linings can be taken out by any servant, cleaned and replaced without trouble, and without removing a screw. They are unlocked by simply sliding the top plate forward. So quick are these ovens in heating that the lightest puff pastry, if placed in the cold oven and the gas then lighted, will rise and bake as per- fectly as if plac,-dit once in the hottest oven. The I other exhibits include gas fires, stoves, and washing boilers and there is a very creditable display of incandescent gas lighting, pendants, brackets, &c. It may be mentioned that the firm's cookers can be hired or obtained on the five years' hire purchase system from the Warrington Corporation gas department at low half-yearly rentages. They are fixed free up to 35 feet of piping. Mr. J. Knowles has had charge of the exhibition. The exhibition will be continued at the Hall Caf4, Victoria-square, Stockton Heath next week when it will be open from Monday to Friday. Lectures on cooking will be delivered by Msg. Young.

'AI IL4 PUBLIC BENEFIT. UNDER.TFIE CLOCK FOR BEST

_ BOOTS IN LANCASIIIRE.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S GOLDEN BUTTER

BISCUITS.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 17, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
CELEBRATING THE VICTORY

FOOTBALL CLUB SMOKING CONCERT.

Speech by Mr. A. H. Crosfield.

ALDERMAN TINNION'S DEFENCE OF FOOTBALL.

The success of the Warrington Football Club in winning the Northern Union Cup has been fittingly recognized by the townspeople: The concluding stages of the celebrations were reached on Thursday evening when the members of the club held a smoking concert in the Parr Hall, the large attendance afford- ing evidence of the active interest which is taken in the welfare of the club. The proceedings were marked with great enthusiasm. which promises well for the continued prosperity of the club. Occasion was 'taken to present the players with the medals which they had won. The medals presented to the first team were of gold with the colours of the three counties, Lancashire, Yorkshire and Cheshire, in true heraldic style. At the back were the names of the recipient and the words" Winners,l9o4-5 W.R.F.C." The combination medals were also of gold with the words "Lancashire Rugby Combination," and a coat of arms, with the inscription "Season 19045 W.R.F.C." :qr. W. R. Neil, the popular president occupied the chair and was supported by Mr. A. IL Crasfield, Aldermen Pierpoint and Tinnion, Mr. T. Pemberton (hon. treasurer), Mr. H. Ashton (hon. secretary), Mr. 1. E. Warren, and members of the committee.

F On the proposition of the CtIAIRMIN the custornar,y loyal toasts were drunk with nlit.sical honours. PRESENTATION TO' MR. W. R. NEIL.

Mr. H. ASHTON' then performed the pleasing duty of I presenting a gold medal to the President as a memento of the team's success. Not only was the medal a recog- nition of Mr. Neil's able services, but, Mr. Ashton said, they hoped it would in years to come recall pleasant recollections of the days when the Warrington Club earned a little distinction and brought some credit to the town. (Applause.) It was certainly an honour for Mr. Neil to have been president of the club during that successful period, and they hoped he would recall the time with pride. He (Mr. Ashton) would like to take the opportunity of congratulating Mr. Arthur Crosaeld upon having achieved the most honourable distinction of golf champion of France. (Applause.) Mr. Oros- field's performance certainly reflected credit upon the good old town and they hoped before long Mr. Crosffeld would, by winning the English Amateur Golf Champion- ship attain the dream of his life. (Applause). Mr. NEIL, in accepting the present, said he considered it a very great honour to hold such a memento of the Warrington club's biggest victory up to the present time. He was very proud when on two occasions War- rington won the South-West Lancashire cup, and also when they twice fought their way to the final, but he could hardly express his feelings when the Warrington team returned on that recent memorable night, bringing home the Northern Union cup. (Applause). He since`rely thanked the club for that little memento, not only for its value, but more so for the associations which it recalled. He hoped this would no; be the last time by a- long way that Wirringtoa would win the cup. (Applause). MEDALS PRESENTED TO THE FIRST TEAM.

Mr. NEIL then presented the Norther a Union modals to the members of the first team, and said he also intended to make each player a present of a photograph of the team.

Responding on behalf of the team Mr. J. Hi',tam said they were very proud to receive the medals. They had had hard lines on two occasion and he had two runners-up medals, but he was pleased that now he had a first class medal. (Applause). He hoped the club would be able to repeat their achievement. (Applause.) He would like to second Mr. Ashton's remarks about Mr. Crostield winning the golf championship bf France. (Hear, hear.) He was pleased that they had a thorough gentleman who took an interest in sport and could win a championship, as well as working lads who could win the Northern Union Cup. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19050617_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
GIFT TO THE CLUB.

Mr. NV. R. NBtr, then asked the club's acceptance of a handsomely-framed photograph of the team, officials, and cup. to be hung in the committee room.

ALDERMAN PIERPOINT PROPOSES "THE CLUB." Alderman W. PIERPOINT proposed the toast of "The Club." He had always said that since the very incep- tion of the club—and that went back many years—the team had always played good football on every occasion, with perhaps the exception of the meeting with Batley at Leeds. They did not play as good football then as they ought to have done, or they would now have been commemorating their aecond victory in the final. (Ap- plause.) He had the pleasure of seeing the team meet Hull Kingston Rovers at Leeds. They came on in their old style, just as if they were playing at WilJerspool, and he felt sure after the first five minutes' play that the cup was corning to Warrington, (Applause). The Warrington Club, whatever might be said about it,was a good club in every sense of the word. (Applause.) It had not only a long roll of members, but it included many very skilful football players, and be believed that taking it as a body it was composed of jolly good fellows. (Hear, hear and laughter.) If they only went on the lines that they had been adopting—playing the, game in the manner they played it at Leeds,—there was no doubt thatthey would be worthy of every commenda- tion and of the heartiest support. They hada good captain who was supported by good players ; an excellent presi- dent; a good committee, while a better body of sup- porters never rallied round any football club. ( Applause) He was Sara they would do their best to maintain the great reputation they had in the North of England, and he wished the club every success. (Applause).

MEDALS F'OR Tag " "TE ANL ALDERMAN TINNION DEFENDS FoorBALL. THE RECENT' CELEBRATIONS. Before presenting the Lancashire Combination medals to the "A' team,Alderrnan Tinnion saidihe was sure that proud as they were of the first team winning the Northern Union Cup, they were equally prowl—personally he was prouder—of the" A" team winning the combination medals. lie did not wish in any way to detract from the excellent results achieved by the first tearn,but consider- ing the many times they had to'play,the great number of clubs they met, and the splendid results, the " A team's record excelled anything that had been accom- plished by any football team in Warrington. (Applause.) lie was one of the oldest members of the club, having been associated with it for over twenty-five years, and he could speak with some authority of the value and advantages of football. (Applause). It seemed neces- sary, even in Warrington at the present time, that it should be pointed out that it was a good thing to honour Warrington teams when they had accomplished such feats as their teams had performed during the season. (Applause). Some men_ had lad the folly to make a very serious complaint because the Mayor and Cor- poration gave the people of Warrington an opportunity of showing their appreciation of what the teams had done. (Applause). When those individuals came to consider their action, he believed they would regret it. It also seemed necessary—as there were so many people to find fault with—that something should be said in defence of football. As a teetotaler he said that the game of football played on Saturday afternoons did a great deal to provide amusement of a healthy, rational, sensible kind and keep the workingmen and many more away from sornethin. which might be a great deal worse. (Applause). 'Alluding to the style of play of the Warrington club, Alderman Tinnion said he was heartily sorry that such tinkering had gone on in the Northern Union during the last few years, and seemed again to be taking a front place, for in his opinion it would do a great deal of harm to Northern Union football. If the Union ComFaittee would instil into the other clubs the desirability and advantage of playing the same style of football as Warrington played there would be no need to alter rules. (Applause.) When their opponents gave them anything like a chance, the Warrington team played an open and inter- esting game which the spectators liked to see. (Hear, hear.) If other clubs would do the same, Northern Union football v-ould be much more popular. In many centres where Rugby football had had tho lead the Association authorities were attempting to supplant it by fostering association teams. He did not Say that in Warrington there was not room for the two kinds of football, in fact he believed there was. but they must be very careful, and so must the Northern Union, lest in their tinkering with rules and style of play they did h great harm to the Rugby game and helped to bring into more prominence tho Association code. 'Applause.) Alderman Tinnion proceeded to congratulate the " A "team upon their admirable record of 27 matches played, 24 won and three lost. The team played good football and he was con- vinced that that was the reason they had gained the championship. (Applause). A GRIEVANCE.

Having presented the medals to Captain Knight and his men, Aldeman Tr..moN said he thought the club had a grievance in that the outside Press did not give Warrington fair play. (Hear, hear.) He thought it would do Northern Union football a great deal of good if the Press would extend fair play to Warrington and bring into more prominence the style of play adopted by Warrington. at the same time recommending other clubs in the Union to adopt it. In that event he felt sure they need have no fear for the ultimate success of Northern Union football. (Applause. The PRESIDENT announced his intention of presenting each member of the "A" team with a photograph of the team. MR. CROSFIELD AND THE "TOWN AND TRADE." INTERESTING SPEECH.

Mr. A. H. CROSFIELD, who had a hearty reception, then proposed the toast of "The town and trade of Warrington." They had all, he said, had a very delight- ful evening, and he had thoroughly enjoyed listening to the speeches that had been made by some of the best

===== 0002601_19050617_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM MAY QUEEN. ____ • Pleasing Pageant. Lymm was f fee en Thursday. On every hand were. indications that the inhabitants of the district were taking a keen and active interest in the festivities attending the annual crowning of the ;•.May Queen. Flags fluttered gaily in the tbre,eze and children laughed gleefully in the eager anticipation of the enjoyments of what is to them the principal day of titer - year. The probable state of the weather occasioned some anxiety but the fears aroused by the heavy showers of the previous day happily pr wed groundless and the day's pro- gramme was carried:out for the greater part in brilliant sunshine. Occasionally the sky was overcast , but nothing short of a heavy downpour of rain would have put the damper on the proceedings, so completely did the children and their elders give themselves up to the pleasures of the day. It is needless to enlarge up m the natural beauties of the old world village which are well known to Warrington,people, suffice it to say that seldom has the village looked more attractive. Naturally the district was invaded by persons desirous of witnessing the celebrations, and towards 1.30 a crowd of some thousands congregated near the cross, in days long past the scene of punishmnnt of wrongdoers, but which on Thursday formed the starting place of the pro- cession always associated with the Whitsuntide rejoic- ings. Fairly punctually the children were marshalled in their proper order, and to the accompaniment of the bands the National Anthem was heartily sung. Imme- diately afterwards the Lymtu and Oughtrington Band struck up a lively air, and the procession moved off headed by the scholars of the Congregational Sunday school. A number of small but exceptionally happy little children were accommodated on a gaily decorated lurry. Sixteen little lads, described in the official programme as vam- pires, but looking more like elves next made their appearance. The British Empire was represented by a number of lads attired in the costumes peculiar to the different nationalities under the Union Jack. Of I decorated lurries there were quite a number, and the procession would not be complete with the caricature of the shoe in)which the aged dame of the fable took lup her residence. On Thursday the old lady was con- spicuons by her absence the shoe being inhabited by some half-a-dozen juveniles whose smiling faces just appeared over the edge of their novel carriage. The dandy of the tenth century associated with men of every century up to the present day. May- pole dancers were of course included and in addition there were twelve garland dancers bedecked with roses. The Duchess of Devonshire was accompanied by Dolly Varden while Mary Queen of Scots and Joan of Arc forgot the troubles of their lives as they with the others walked gaily round the village. Three diminative policemen were present to restore order if any of the arrivals which were present threatened to disagree, while a like number of equally small soldiers afforded a sense of security. It was fitting that" night" should travel with "Egypt " and that the Yachting girl should go in company with the " Union Jack." Carmen and a rouch girl chattered and joked with Portia while an archer and a gondolier followed in the wake of the King's Jester. Interest was occasioned by the appearance of the band of the training ship" Indefatigable" which discoursed suit- able music along the route. No disrespect is intended for their Majesties the Queens in referring to them last of all. Both conducted then:selves with proper queenly dignity and Oar:eft:lly bowed their acknowledgements of the homage of their subjects for the day. The May Queen (Miss Alice White) looked every inch a queen in a dress of white cashmere trimmed with applique lace, and a crimson. robe trimmed with ermine. She carried a shower bouquet of sweet peas and roses. Her maids of honour M. Bate, A. Green L. Astbary, L. Read, E. Hurst, and N. Taylor wore dresses of cream nun's veiling and wreaths. The crown bearer was J. Read, sword bearer A. Skel:iorn, and sceptre bearer N. Thornicroft. The train bearers were W. Jackson, and F. Read. The Rose Queen (Miss M. Bradbury) was similarly attired to her sharer of the honours of the day except that her robe was of pale pink. Her maids of honbur were E. Thomas and M. Whitelegg Having completed the journey round the village an adjournment was made to a large field where the May Queen was crowned by Mrs. J. Hardy Holt, Lymm, and she was invested with her sceptre. Both Queens were presented with a copy of Tennyson's poems. The ceremony concluded the day given up to sports, an .excellent programme opening with the successful plaiting of the maypole. Rifle and cutlass drills were given by the "Indefatigable" boys. The "Vampire" gave an exhibi- tion of their terpischoran art and a garland dance was also included in the programme. The programme was repeated in the evening when in addition the bands played for dancing which was kept up until dusk when ended one of the most successful May Day festivals in connection with the village. Praise is due to the officials for their admirable arrangements to ensure the success of the day's proceed- ings. They were :—Chairman, Mr. C. Raper ; Vice- Chairman, Mr. R. H. Gotobed and Mr. W. G. Groves ; M.C. Mr. F. P. Cook; Hon. Treasurer, Mr. R. H. Gotebed ; Hon. Secretary, Mr. James D. 13. Smith ; Assistant Hon. Secretary, Mr. W. G. Porter. Ladies' Committee: Presidents, Mrs. R. H. Gotobed and Mrs. J. H. Holt ; Hon. Secretary, Miss A. Roden ; Mesdames P. Ardern, Cooke, Groves, Leather, Porter, Simpson, Misses S. E. Boond, Diamond, L. Diamond, Heesorn, Hesketh, E. Hesketh, Leah, Mclntyre, Miller, A.Miller, Raper, M. Raper, Sutton, West, Messrs. P. Ardern, W. Bradburn, J. Hewitt, A. Leather, P. Marr, F. Morris, simpson and Sutton.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
\ '•" '

===== 0002601_19050617_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Isportsmen in the town and, not less, to the exquisite mnsic)which they had,les.d dispensed between the speeches-. I Although it was not the first time he had had the privis lege, and to him always the honour of proposing the toast of" Toe town andtrade of Warrington," still on Dodds--Crockwell. that occasion be was not sure that a lot of good sports- men present would not feel that any remarks of his on • The •wedding took place, on Saturday afternoon at what was vulgarly called " shop "might be a little out Sti Edmond's Church i Whalley Range, Manchester, of of place. (Laughter.) There were many interesting Airt• John Dodds, eldest son of Mr. James Dodds, features about the trade of Warrington, and he had heard Penketh, to Hiss' Fiances. Crockwell, eldest daughter it said that, at any rate, for a town of our size we had a of Dr. Crockwelldiazeldean, IVhalley Range Beautiful greater diversity of industry than any other town in the weather favoured the occasion, and the ceremony world. (Applause). That was a very happy thing for ty was anylgreat community like the old town of VVarringtoreit - attended by a large party of relatives and friends. The insured them against the extreme hardship that often bride, who was given away by her father, looked. would befall some locality where only one great hides- charming in a • costume of cream. eolienne and chiffon, try was the back bone of its commerce, and he was not and chiffon hat to match, and she c irried a bouquet sure that in Warrington it had not perhaps had another of white orchids and. roses. She also wore gold effect. He rather thought that the great diversity of bracelets, the *ft of the bridegroom. Her bridesmaid ea a re a white muslin dress with pink sash, industry that we had in the town had developed the Miss y Crockwell (youngest sister of the aeci g.ll. , individuality which was the main characteristic of the vas wa Briton to an even greeter extent than they found it in bride), who ' other towns. Warrington had certainly achieved very white Leghorn hat, trimmed with pink, and carried a great success and had made its mark in many other large basket of pink and white rases. She was things than in the great streams of commerce which attended by Mister Mileohni Dodds, youngest brother were, as it were, the life arteries of our of the britlegreom. The officiating elergyman was country. (Hear, hear). Perhaps the diversity the Rev. Noel Lake Aspinall, AEA. , rector, assisted of industry had had something to do with that. He by the ,Rev. Fiederick Smith, ALA..,curate. The best man took as keen an interest in sport and Names as any man s was Mi. E: Beery Salida Afflahay House, Langley Mill, in that room—(applause)—and long before his time, his family did the same. (Applause.) But at the outset of Notts. Air. Sankey, organist of the church, was at the his humble cereer, he had not very much time for organ, eel amongst other music he contributed games. From 1885 to 1895 be played, if they liked, a ;,Alendelsselha's Wedding March, At the conclusion of great game because in these days commerce wasa great i the 'interesting ceremony, a reception was herd at game, but it was a very serious game—(hear, hear)—and Haze deane Whalley H e auge (the ttsidence of the he had very little time thou for outdoor sports. bride's father), and was largely atte nded,the bride and He was fighting the battle of an article which was called by a pretty good name—" Perfection "—and of several bridegroom being the recipients of many- good wishes. other articles. At the same time while the old class , They afterwards left for Bettivs-y-Cbed, Sirs. Dodds's business at Bank Quay, which had been built up by his ; travelling costume being a cream coat and skirt, with predecessorawas falling into disuetude by the change of . a Tuscan hat, trimmed with pale blue. fashion and cureom which they lead in commeree,and while i ! A number of very handsome presents were received they had to replace it by something else, he was not by the newly-married pair, of which the following is a content to do what his esteemed Uncle George Crosfield I list : considered was the important thine' in business—and Bride to bridegroom, gold watch guard that was to sell one's stuff as near home as one could Bridegroom to bride, gold bracelets make it—but he tried to develop a large export trade Father of beide, cheque all over the world. (Applause.) They were all proud Mother of bride, household end table linen that the sun never set upon the goods that were turned Father of bridegroom; cheque and, Steinway upright out from this town—(applause)—and for his part, he grand piano . was very proud to know also that the sun now never set Mother of bridegroom, cheque on the goods that Were turned out from the important Miss Nellie Crockwell, china locality of Bank Quay. (Applause.) Although in these Misses Maud, Ethel and CecilyCrockerell, °lames days he certainly had a great deal of business on his Miss Dedds, silver mustard pot and pepperettes in shoulders, still he had much more leisure than he used ease to have. He had not played as much football Miss Molly Dodds. dinner service as some people in that room, although he Miss Marjorie Dedds, tea service had tried his hand at that too, but he had Percy, Hepple, and efalcorm Dodds, sat of pietures been well acquainted with some of the best men at Employes of Parkinsonts, (Latchford), Limited, football who were the leading exponents of the game engraved and inscribed silver tray twenty-five years ago when he was at school. He err. and Mrs. J. Elliot (London) silver tea service referred to them the other night when they had that and kettle . delightful gathering under the hospitable roof of his . Mr. John Dedds (Gateshead), silver entree dishes and old and esteemed friend Sir GilbertGreenall.(Appliuse.) silver sugar bowl and cres.mijug Perhaps it was not out of place to say that they all Colonel Dodds, VD' and Ales. Docies (Newcastle-on- -17 rose bowl thought it was a most heppe idea of Sir Gilbert and yne), silver 'Lady qreenall to celebrate that groat event in the Mrs. Alderley (Cedwyn Bay), silver vase athletic history of Warrington in the happy and charm- Mr. and Mrs. A. Jf Kenyon (Seme,keort), silver plant ing manner in which they • celebrated it at Walton. riot (Applause). Perhaps he (Mr. Crostleld) could have Air. James Deaville (Colwyn Bay), silver and oak ink done a bit more at football, but a very old friend of stand his, a worthy Warringtoeian years ago, made the fatal Mt.• George Airev (Newton-le-Willows). cheque mistake one day of putting into his (Mr. Crosfield's) Mrs. and Miss Airey, Cbalport vase hands a golf club. It was said that if anybody played Mt. Tom Airey, Coalport vase a round of golf he was "done for "—(laughter)—and art.. DLI Mr. ...: aopwood Airey, silver clock it was also said that the average golfer was very much Mr. and Sirs. Alterman's, silver egg stand like the average politician—and he (Sir. Crosfield) did Miss and Mr. IL Ambler, glass and silver marmalade not know which was the most unhappy—because it was Jae said that the object of both was to get into the largest Me. 0. Btner, eneraved silver salver number of holes in the shortest possible time. Sir. and Airs. E: W. Clarke, table knives (Laughter.) He desired to associate himself most Air. F. J. Crossfield, J.le., and Mrs. Cross3eld (Tod- cordially and respectfully with all that had been sited busk Park, Ulverston), silver entree dishes about the prowess of Warringtonians in the football Mr. and Mrs. Craven, pair a pictures field. (Applause.) If he might refer to what Alder- Aliss Davis, table centre man Tiunion had said, he most thoroughly endorsed his Mr. W: 13: Dewleurst (Clitheree), silver teaspoons views as to the advantage of taking a high position in and sugar tongs the football world for a town like Warrington. Miss Dora Smith, fleottram) embroidered afternoon (Applause.) It meant a great deal of self denial and it tea cloth meant more—a great deal of coolness in diffieulty and Miss Dewhnrst, cushion an alacrity in athletic developrnentwhich was an admit- Airs. Dowling, chine able thing, because it also developed the nerve. For the Me. and Mrs. Percival Ellis (London), Japanese same reasons he felt proud that Warrington had taken so carved ivory panel high a place in the athletic world among the bowling Airs. Esteenn, silver photo frs.me clubs of Lancashire and Cheshire. (Applause.) He had Mr.and Mrs. Farnworth ((Selton), embossed rose bowl heard many people say that games were over-done. Air. and Mee. Field, mahogany teapot stand There was an old saying that " All work and no play Mr. R. G. S. Finney, oil painting makes Jack a dull boy "and when they spoke of pleasure Mr. E. L. Fleming, ten and coffee service and recreation after business, they must not lose their Mr. J. H. Fleming, coffee service balance. Let them remember that it was not all foot- Dr. Fraser, sugar basin and stand ball, or all business, or all any other game that had been Dr. and Mrs. Gordon, picture alluded to There were so many other things which Mr. and Sirs. A. P. Grange, case of silver-mounted they might cultivate with wisdom, so far as opportunity carvers and steel and ability allowed. He hoped that as time went on Mrs. Greatorex' patchwork nightdress case they would see a rational and wise development of Air. R. G. lienshell, antique flower pot and stand interest in the delightful music which was making such Air. A. Hod,gkinson, tray strides in Warrington, in literature, in science, and in Air. Howell Jones, dinner gong natural pursuits. They coulddo all that and play their Mr. and Mrs. William Hellas (Bolton), quilt games as well. (Hear, hear.) Bat, after all, they were colonel and ish.s. Heap (Hereford), silver cheese met that night to celebrate great victories in the foot- knives ball field, and he must say that he entirely agreed with . Mrs. liothersal, case of fish knives Aldermen Tinnion that the deprecatory remarks about Mr. D. Houghton, slippers football, however well meant, were quite mistaken. Miss Agnes Johnston, Jam jar and spoon (Hear, hear.) He had observed that sometimes a young Miss Pon) Jolthston, glass water jug mother, who was very proud of her first child, was-yet a Mr. and Airs. Jones, silver cake knife little bit ashamed to skew to the full extent the pride Miss Myfawy Jones, carved stool she felt. He hoped those present would not have any Miss Catherine Jones silver blotter shamefacedness of that kind about the greatest event ' Airs. Metcalfe and the Misses Rome, silver clock football in the history of Warrington. (Applause). Thee' Mr. A. R. Norman, J.P. (Runcorn), case of silver salt were entitled to celebrate it and to make much of it. They congratulated most heartily the heroes who had cellarsAir.and Mrs. David Garnett, two vases taken part in it, and he desired to associate himself with Air. and Mrs. W. H. Owen, silver cream jag the remarks of Mr. Neil and Mr. Ashtonj particularly Mr. I'. Priestman, case of silver teaspoons and tongs when they expreksed the hope that Werrington would Mr. James Richardson, jun., silver sardine dish repeat the achievement. (Applause.) Me. Crosfield Mr. Gilbert Rheam (Liverpool), silver mustard pot humorously alluded to the intricacies of golf, and Airs. Sanderson, cigar box and picture . observed that the golf championships now pirlyed for by Air. and Mrs. Sabin, silver cheese dish . professionals and amateurs in England were the greatest Mr. Bert Silcock (West Elartlepool), gold stamp case I strain on a man's nerves he had ever known in his life. Mrs. Sykes. Japanese vase He did not say that at all about his own game across Misses Trakennen, silver candlesticks the water the other day. Mr. Neil had referred to it as Messrseli. NV. and A. Walker, (Whitehaven), silver 335 the French championshipsleut he (Sir. Crosheld) thought day clock lit would show them how Englishmen carried sport Mrs. J. and Mr. E. V. Walker, case of fish carvers abroad when he told them that four-fifths of the corn- Miss Clarice Walker, embroidered chair-back petitors in the French championship were Englishmen. Mr. and Airs. W. J. Wallington (Grappenhall), (Applause.) They were not at all sorry that that was mahogany table and cloth so, for England had done a great deal for the world in Mrs. Ward, plant pot spreading her line games abroad (Applause.) Mr. Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Withinshaw, silver sugar basin and Crosfreld concladed by once more heartily congratulat- cream jug in stand ing the teams. Miss Wood, poker work tray PRESENTATION TO THE COMMITTEE. Miss Blenche Wood, cushion cover Madame Leopold Wyss, lace collar Air. J. E. Wentzell said be must compliment Messrs. Melds at Penketh House, cut glass tumblers Jeffrey arid Sweeney upon the happy inspiration which Maids at Ha zeldean, picture had brought about that re-union of the old and the new Gardener and Groom at Penketh House, silver vases. players and members of the club. Having referred to PRF.SENTATIOM TO THE BRIDEGROOM. several famous players of bye gone days, Mr. Warren On Tuesday week the whole of the workmen of the said some of the old members had joined the great Manor Tannery, Parkinsons, Limited, Latchford (of majority and he hoped time would deal kindly with which Mr. John Dodds is the manager and secretary), those who remained. He thought thecommittee should assembled in the warehouse, and on their behalf Mr. try to trace the West Lancashire Cup. (Applause). It William Monks, foreman of the beam shed, presented would be worth their while to get possession of it. to Mr. Dodds a silver tray, upon which was inscribed : (Hear, hear.) With regard to the committee he thought "Presented to John Dodds, Esq., by the employs of they had one of the finest committees in the Union and as Parkinsons (Latchford). Limited, on the occasion of his a result had one nine best clubs in the Union. By their marriage, June 10th, 1905." high endeavour, their singleness of purpose and their de- terminetion to get together a good team the committee Taylor---Hextorr had honestly deserved the snccess which they had obtained, Tie had pleasure in asking their accepthmee Considerable interest was occasioned by the marriage of a memento of the very successful season, which was solemnized at St. Thomas' Church. Stockton The mementos consisted of gold signet rings with Heath. on Thursday, of eir.JohnlTaylor, of Walton-road, the Borough arms engraved outside, and the name of and Miss Elizabeth tlextorr, who for many years has t the recipients and theletters " W.R.F.C. " engraved in- been the head cook to Mr. 11. Greenall, Hill ClifTe. The side. Nine rings were presented—to Sir. W. R. Neil contracting parties are well-kuown in the district and (preside it), and Messrs. T. Bowers, W. Hewitt, W. the church was crowded. The bride wore a dress of pale Nevins, T. Locker, T. Barnes, T. Davies, T. Pemberton, blue erepoline with a toque to match. She was attendedi and H. Ashton. , by Miss Greenall and Miss Stafford who were attired in. Mr. W. R. Nue briefly returned thenks, white muslin and wore large pink silk sashes,and carried Mr. PEMBER roN in returning thinks said he hoped bouquets of pink carnations. The bridesmaids orna- that the team's splendid performance would be repeated meets consisted ef gold brooches the gifts of the bride- year by year and that the members of the club would groom. The officiating clergyman was the Rev. H. V continue to appreciate the efforts of the committee to Pigot. The reception sfas afterwards held at the real-. further the interests of the club. (Applause). deuce of Mr. H. Greenish!. THANKING THE PRESIDENT. Laws---Halsall. Mr. JEFFREY proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. W. R. On Wednesday mornine, at St. Ambrose Church, Neil for his services as president of the club. During Widnes,a pretty little wedding took place, the contract- the pest season the team had shown that it was second ing parties being George, son of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas to none. He could assure them that their president Laws, and Eva, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph was secondto none, and he hoped they would retainhim Halsall, both of Widnes. The bride was given away by in that office until they won the league championship, i her father. The Vicar of St. Ambrose officiated., There (Applause). I were proseat in the church a few special friends, inclnd- err. S. Warmer seconded. No one, he said,had taken ing the Rev. R. G. Huuhes,late minister of Milton con- e greater interest in the welfare of the club than their gregetional church, now of Newcastle-on-Tyne. The President, and they were deeply indebted to him for the happy pair left Farnworth in the afternoon, for their services he had rendered. (Applause). They were honeymoon, and will reside in future at Eccles near fortunate also in having a good committee, and he did Manchester. not think there was a club in the Northern Union who ' had a committee with greater experience. The vote was heartily accorded, and Mr. NEM having briefly responded, the proceedings concluded with the singing of the National Anthem. During the evening an excellent arid varied pro- gramme was gone throith. Mr. P. J. George was heard to advantage in his songs for which he was encored. The Warrington Apollo Qitartette were also re-called for their selections. Mr. J. Babbitt is a favourite with the members of the club and was encorded a warm reception,his excellent singing meetingwi th hearty appre- ciation. Me A. Bennett wasresponsible for the instru- mental selections giving two well-played violin solos. Mr. F. Thomas, the copular forward, sang with effect and was warmly applauded. The humorous portion of the entertaintment was in capable hands the selections by Mr. A. Grounds and a recitation by Mr. E. A. Sanders diving rise to considerable mirth. The name of Mr. J. Fish, the renowed three-quarter breck,vras included in the programme and some disappointment was felt. when that player failed to put in an appearance hebeing out lof town, Mr. W. Barnes was an efficient • accompanist

===== 0002601_19050617_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

[Continned from. Page 3.] PRESTON V. WVIIRDIGTON. —Played, at Preston on Thursday. Score : WARRINGTON'. PRESTON. Hawtin e Haworthb W. F. Chew c Hewitt Davison 49 b Podmore 59 W. H. Podradre °Todd b 0. Haworth b Mason 4 Best W Richardson b Price 25 W. P. Best b Mason ... 27 E A Connor c sub bChew 77 G. Wood not out la W. Hind b Chew 2l RE Catterall st Hamp- Mason b Eastwood A. Duckworth c and b J Todd not out 4 Craven • 1 W.L.Smith IbwCravefl 0 A. E. Hewitt not out , 4 J. W. Bainbridge bChew 7 G. Hampson at Todd b Croner Extras

Extras

OUR. BALD YOUNG MEN. • I Total 220 --, Total (5 wkt5.)...120 rho prevalence of baldness is a remarkable pheno- \ DOWLING ANALYSIS. menon of this generations. So far as one can judge by PRESTON. WARRINGTON. records, there never preciously has been a time when so o. lc R. W. 0. M. R..W. many men have been bald while yet in the full posses- Mason l6 239 3 Davison sion of youth. Many explanations of this have been Connon. ~ 6 035 0 Best 2l 7 53 1. advanced, and so far as the "Free Lance" can see, the W, U. Podraore 10 039 2 Craven 11.21 42 3 , suggestion that it is duo to our slavish adoption of the Chew i hard silk-hat is the most feasible. Price Eastwood „, 6 2 fi J.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORD TO THE WISE.

The fickle nature of the climate of this country often gives rise to a variety of ailments and complaints, which assuming at first the form of only a slight indisposition. if neglected and unheeded may become the germ of serious diseases, which will nndermine the constitution, and finally result in a long and lingering illness, and perhaps terminate fatally. The variable temperature and the changeable weather of the last month or so, makes it incumbent on all of us to exercise wise and prudent precautions to counteract the evil effects which the weather may have had upon our health and comfort. Already we frequently hear such complaints as "No appetite," "These frequent headaches," "This languid feeling," and dozens of other expressions which all point to the urgent need of a good Tonic. Now there are several tonic mixtures offered to the Public, but none which have been so uniformly successful as Gwilvm • Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. This Preparation is acknowledged to be The Best Remedy of The Age for Nervousness, Weakness. Chest Affections, Palpitation of the Heart, Indigestion, Liver Complaint, and Influenza. The numerous cases of marvellous cures effected, and the restoration to perfect health, of those who had long suffered and had vainly tried other remedies' can he accounted for by simply stating the effect which Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has upon the System. ),St. It strikes at the source of the disease, and by removing the causes of disease, the evil effects soon vanish. • 2nd. It strengthens that part of the system which is weakest, and therefore, most liable to the attacks of colds and all diseases. 3rd. It purifies the blood, and thus gives new life and force to all parts of the body, for disease cannot exist where there is a free circulation of pure blood. 4th. It gives healthy action to the digestive organs and to the liver, thus aiding to keepaway Indigestion and the host of different forms of disease which re- ult from it, sth. By removing impurities, strengthening the weak parts of the system, and purifying the blood,the human frame is well fortified to withstand the attacks of disease. It is repelled, and its place taken by health and strength, through the effective action of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. Sold everywhere in bottles 2s. 9d. and 4s. 6d. each, or will be sent carriage free for these prices, direct from the Sole Proprietors :—Quinine Bitters Manufacturing Com- pany, Limited, Llanelly, South Wales. Beware of Imitations. See that you get the genuine Preparation with the name,' Gwilym Evans " on Label, Stamp, and Bottle, without which none is genuine.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

ALLEGED ENBEULEMENT AT STOCKTON HEATH.

Some two months ago a warrant was granted by the magistrates sitting at the Daresbury Petty Sessions against a man named Kitchen for embezzling £1 38.10 d. the moneys of his employers, Messrs. R. White and Sons, mineral water manufacturers. At the sessions on Tuesday Mr. A. Browne said the police had bad the warrant in hand from that time, and had done their best to trace the man. It was pointed out at the last sessions by Mr. Greenall (the magistrates' clerk) that Kitchen was in receipt of an army pension, and he would lose this if a conviction ensued. He (Mr. Browne) was now in- structed by his clients to say that Kitchen's mother had approached them, and they thought-that for him to lose his pension of 10s. 6d. a week for life would be rather too severe a punishment for the crime, especially as he was only a young man, and had served in the South African war. Their soft heart had been touched, and on their behalf he now asked the Bench to alloy the warrant to be withdrawn —The magistrates agreed to the course suggested by Mr. B^ONVIIII.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
FURIOUS MOTORLNd AT PRESTON BROOK.

At Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday, before Mr. John White and other magistrates, John W. Catchpole, of 163, Moscow Drive, Stonycrort, Liverpool, was sum- moned for driving a motor cycle to the danger of the public at Preston Brook on May 6th. He pleaded not guilty. Sergeant Morgan said that on the Saturday afternoon in question he was at Preston Brook for the purpose of timing motors over a measured distance Defendant was driving a motorcycle and covered 220 yards in 21 seconds, being thus travelling at 21 miles an hour. The road at this point was most dangerous and in addition there were children playing there at the time. Defendant stopped when ordered by Constable Sumners. In reply to the defendant, the officer paid he did pull up in about 20 yards when requpsted. Defend- ant said he did not have to apply his brakes to pull up and he did not consider he was driving to the public danger, as dere was no traffic on the road at the time. He was fined 20s. and costs, his Hoene* being also en- dorsed.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED THEFT OF A HORSE.

At the Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday, Joseph Marsh, of Ishintwich, was charged with stealing a horse, of the value £2, the property of George Kinsey, farmer, Lightwood Farm, Dutton.—Prisoner was repre- sented by Mr. .1. P. Whittingham, of Nantwich, and pleaded not guilty.—Superintendent Bunion stated that Mr. Kinsey had a black mare he wished to dispose of and told his man Kelly that if a man from Warrington (a prospective purchaser) came, he was to be allowed to see the horse. Prisoner came, and made a bargain to buy the horse for £4. He paid Kelly £1 Is., and saying be would pay the rest to Kinsey, took the horse away. Nothing more was heard of him and the matter was reported to the police.—When Kelly gave evidence to making the bargain with the prisoner, Mr. Whitt Ingham contended that it showed a sale and therefore there could be no theft.—The Magistrates' Clerk held that this was so, and the case was thereupon dismissed, Mr. Whittingham remarking that the horse bad been returned.

RECKLESS MOTOR DRIVER FINEP.-LAD rNJURED AT

%VARRINGT6N.

At the Warrington Police Court, on Tuesday, before Dr. Fox and other magistrates, Richard David Jones, motor chauffeur, Halton Common, Halton, was summoned for driving a motor car along Sankey-street, on June 2nd, at a speed dangerous to the public. Defendant pleaded not guilty.—Superintendent Monaghan said the defendant, in company with another man, was seen in a motor car coming from the direction of Bank Quay Bridge at from twenty to thirty miles an hour which was a very dangerous speed. When near the Post Office, the car knocked a boy down named William Jenks and he had to be taken to a doctor. Frederick Holding, motor engineer, said he was talking to a client inside "Messrs. Bellian mid. Davies' shop . . ..

when he saw the defendant drive past. He remarked to the client that if he knew the number of the car, he would have reported the defendant for going at such a , rate. When the car had reached the Post Office, it knocked a little boy down, he ran out to the defendant rnd told the defendant he would report him. Witness had had seven years experience and the car would be going between 25 and 30 miles an hour. There would be between 50 and 60 children in the street at the time. Richard Thomas, labourer, Longshaw-street, said he was sitting on a seat nearly opposite Messrs. Bellian and Davies's shop when be saw the car going in the direc- tion of the Post Oilice. He could hardly see how many people were in the car as it was going at a very fast speed—about 25 or 30 miles an hour.He saw the car knock the boy down. —Ernest Unsworth, Knutsford-road, said he was pass-

_ log along Sankey-street when he saw the car going at a considerable speed—l 6 to 18 miles an hour. He thought defendant would have to he very careful to avoid an accident. The car was on the wrong side of the road. —William Jenks said he was crossing the road to go through the Park when he heard the horn of a motor ,car. He turned back again aud the car knocked him down.—ln answer to the Chairman, witness said he did not think the accident would have happened if he bad not turned back. The car caught him and cut his head, pushing him a short iistance.—John Gray, postman, called by the defendant, said Jones' car was going at about ten miles an hour. It was three yards from the left side of the road and the driver turned to the right on seeing the boy. The boy turned back with the result that he was knocked down. He picked the lad up and took him to a doctor's. Islo accident would have happened if the boy had not hesitated and turned back.—John Johnson, the owner of the car, said defendant was driv- ing at about eight miles an hour. There were several boys in the road and if Jenks had not been deaf, the accident would not have happened. The other boys ran out of the way of the car. If the car had been going at the rate mentioned by one of the witnesses, the boy would have been killed. It was not going more than three miles an hour when the accident happened. There was no negligcnce at all on the driver's part.—The magistrates retired, and, on returning into Court, the Chairman said the ear had been driven at a speed dangerous to the public and defendant would be fined 20s. and costs (22 17s.Cd. in all) and his licence endorsed

===== 0002601_19050617_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
A Yoururzm THEIF.

A small boy named Percy Baxter,- residing at la, David-street, was charged at the Warrington Borough Court on Wednesday, with stealing two pairs of boots, value Bs., from the stall of James Halliwell in the market on Tuesday night. The boy was seen loitering about the stall, and was seen to put a pair of boots under his blouse and walk away. Shortly afterwards be again returned and took another pair, but was caught by the assistant.—The magistrates ordered the boy td receive six strokes with the birch rod, and to be kept in the cells until six o'clock.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

County Council Expenditure. •

PROTEST TO BE MADE.

The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural Dis- trict Council was held at Dutton on Tuesday when there were present—Messrs. S. Woodward .(presiding) A. Greenway, J. Bolshaw, H. Eyes, G. Egerton Warburton, J. Stokes. J. Whitlow, T. Baxter, H. M. Davies, C. E. Linaker, J. H. Davies, J. Smith, T. Wright, T.Guest,W. Harrison, G. Pilling, S. Horton, J. L. Jones, E. Bretherton, J. Spruce, J. Hallows, J. Whitley, R. Billington, T. Antwis, Admiral Jones Parry,Messrs.G.F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (assistant clerk), J. Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors), J. Farrington (inspector), and Dr. Adams (medical officer.)

===== 0002601_19050617_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY_ COUNCIL EXPENDITURE:

A letter was read from the Ncuthwich Urban Council calling attention to the increase in the County Council's expenditure, and suggesting a conference of Urban and Rural Councils with a view to the forwarding of a strong representation to the County Council on the question. In the event of the suggestion being disapproved the Council asked the Runcorn Council to forward a resolu- tion to the County Council on the subject. Mr. Linaker thought it was time the ratepayers should protest against the excessive expenditure of the County Council. The increase was caused by the administration , of the Education Act but for the life of him he could not see where the benefit came in under the present I system. Much more money was being spent than was I spent byll the old School Boards which earned the I highest possible grants and got the best possible ! reports. The County Council contemplated the , spending of £154,000 upon new schools which would: cost something like £l5 per head. That sum was exces- sive and extravagant. New schools had been build at a I cost of from £8 to £9 per head and he thought they ; should protest against the spending of Zlri per head to gratify the vanity of the Education Committee who ! wanted to be able to say "See what beautiful schools we have built." It was time the ratepayers made them-I selves heard. He moved that the Council combine with the Northwich Council with a view to the holding of a con ference. Mr. Antwis seconded.

Mr. Linaker pointed out that at Helsby it was pro- posed to build a school which would cost £3,000 of which the Helsby people would be asked to pay £2,000. He did not say the existing schools in that district were models but they were earning the highest possible grants and the County Council shonld defer the spend- ing of the money until times improved. Admiral Jones Parry said he knew of an instance where the County Council had gone out of their way to spend money. A short time ago they sent four splendidly hound books upon the teaching of conduct to children. Those books would take a month to read, and must have cost a great deal of money. The school managers at Grappenhall had set a good example and declined to read the books. He could give another instance of extravagance. The school inspector visited a certain school and ordered the erection of wash bowls in the school. His instructions were carried out. Six months later another inspector was appointed, and on visiting those particular schools said the wash bowls had been put in altogether the wrong place, and must be taken out.

Mr. Hallows said the County Council proposed to build schools at Stockton Heath at a cost of £12,000. It was a great deal too much to pay. If the schools were built at a reasonable cost he did not think anyone would object. Mr. Stokes said he sympathised with the ratepayers. The County Council were quite aware of the complaints which were being made with regard to excessive expen- diture, and at their last meeting were discussing how they could economise. Various suggestions were made, but the principal discussion was with regard to the attendance at school of children under five years of age. It was realized that if they could &et the law altered to prevent those children attending school it would prevent the spending of thousands of pounds, and would relieve a great deal of the overcrowding. If they were in business and found that their premises were too small, he did not think they would build new premises, but that they would enlarge the existing buildings to meet with the requirements of the times. Thesame thing applied to the schools which he thought should be made large enough to pro- vide the required accommodation and so built that they could be enlarged as occasion demanded. He did not see the benefits which arose from education. Amongst the youth of the present day there was a disinclination for work which they did not see in former times. Mr. Linaker's motion was carriedandMessrs.Linaker, Pilling, and Admiral Jones Parry were appointed the deputation to attend the conference if one was arranged

===== 0002601_19050617_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WATERING OF THE ROADS.

The Clerk reported the receipt of a resolution from the Stockton Heath Parochial Committee asking the District Council to take into immediate consideration the question of the periodical watering of the district roads.

Mr. Whitley said the question was before the Council some time ago and referred back. With the return of the hot dry weather the nuisance caused by the dust had become intolerable and the inhabitants of the district were tip in arms against it. The filth and the dust which was blown into the grocers and butchers shops had caused a great number of complaints to be made. It was high time something should be done with regard to the watering of the streets and he moved that the Council take the question into their immediate consideration. Mr. Hallows seconded. The people of Stockton Heath were like the Irish and Home Rule, they wanted a little water. _

Mr. Stokes said the question not only applied to Stockton Heath, but to the whole of the district. It was decided to refer the matter to the highways committee.

THE REGULATION OF MOTOR TRAFFIC. .. .

The Clerk read a letter from the Northwich Rural District Council suggesting the holding of a conference of Cheshire Rural and Urban Councils for the purpose of considering motor traflie and the effect of such traffic on the road with a view to the framing of a resolution petitioning the Local Government Board and the County Council on the matter. It was decided to support the action of the North- wich Council, Messrs. Woodward, Whitley, and Linaker being elected to form the deputation. The Ramsey Rural district Council wrote expresping themselves in favour of an amendment of the law in relation to heavy motor traffic, and suggesting that the District Council would enter into a contract with the drivers of heavy engines for the use of the District roads, and that if terms were not arranged to order that heavy motor traffic should be confined to the main roads. The resolution would not apply to threshing machines and other engines used for agricultural purposes. The matter was referred to the Parliamentary Com- mittee.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TREATMENT._ OF SMALLPDX OUTBREAKS,

The Clerk read a letter from the Runcorn Urban Council with reference to theapplication of the Council to borrow money for the purpose of extending the infectious diseases hospital. The Local Government Board would only sanction the loan on condition that no smallpox patients were treated at the present hospital. The Council desired to know whether the District Council would be prepared to join with them in the erection of a smallpox hospital. The Clerk explained that the District Council already bad a smallpox hospital. He thought they might enter into some arrangement whereby the Runcorn Urban Council could use their smallpox hospital. The matter was referred to the Smallpox Hospital Committee.

It was decided to accept the tender of Mr. Ralph Johnson for the furnishing of the infections diseases hospital at the cost of £306.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
SAVED THEIR LIVES.

A Thankful Mother of Two Praises Peptolaxa.

-r am quite sure tha Jeptolaxn his been the means of saving my chil- iren's lives," writes Mrs. Totlawny, of 64, Station- rad, Ilkeston. "Two of iy children were suffering )rture from teething and , ,s results ; my husband j id myself had not had ry rest for two weeks ; ten a kind friend recom- ,rnded Peptolaxa. After n enjoyed pleasant sleep and rest from pain. I bad tried almost every kind of chil- dren's medicine, but found no relief until my friend expressed absolute faith in PEPTOLANA, when I tried it. Its great merit is that it relieves constipation, and ' allays fever and subsequent fits. I really don't know i how to thank you. Mothers should never delay when children are ailing, especially at teething time, for their health changes rapidly from bad to worse. PEPTOLAXA should be ready at hand, for it acts promptly and gently both in babes and the elder children. 'Teething without tears ;,a smile in every dose. Price Is. IV., at all branches of Boots', Cash Chemists ; at all Taylors' Drug Stores, A BELATED WARNING. Write for a free sample to Dr. Williams' Medicine For some time the premises of the Globe Exchange in Company, Ho:born-viaduct, London. Liverpool-road, Warrington, have been infested with gangs of pilferers. On Wednesday at the Borough Police Court, three youths, named James Williamson, Joseph Humphreys and Thomas Beechall, were charged with being found on the premises with intent to com- mit a felony. At twenty minutes to two yesterday morning a policeman near the premises heard a warning shout, and saw one of the defendants running away. The officer gave chase and caught Humphreys, and the other defendants were afterwards arrested.—A fine of 10s. and costs was imposed in each case.

TWO KILLED BY LIGHTNING.

The greater part of South Wales experienced thunder- storms on Wednesday, and at Newcastle Emlyn and Carmarthen there was a very severe storm, during which John Davies, a farmer, of Glancock, Miedvv, whilst at dinner with his family, was killed by a flash of lightning which entered at the chimney of the farmhouse.— During a thunderstorm at Ennis on Tuesday night a girl named Maloney was killed by lightning.

IIN. P, In cm ... the Mel the first tablet my.. chilare n'

===== 0002601_19050617_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Ulu. Moan Ricinsvay.)

A MODERN SIREN,

ROBERT BARR (Author of " The Countess Telda." V.)

As the physician, friend, and distant relative of ; the late IBM Marjory Sedgwick, I set down in 1 narrative form a connected series of extracts from the documents she left in my care, believing such publication to be in, accord with her wishes. I do this with some hesitation, not being rims- ; timed to write for the public prints, while the ' tenets of my profession point towards secrecy with regard to communications rather than the reverse. But in what was doubtless the last note Miss Sedgwiek wrote, she left these letters in my care, with the injunction to use them should a biography of Professor Wallis Dent ever be writ- ten, so that the record of his final days upon earth might be given from his own pen. In case no biography appeared, she wished in edited selec- tion from Professor Dent's communications to be printed in some suitable magazine or review, and thltM, its it were, the material should be put in evidence for future use. So far as rain aware the life of Profensor Dent has never been written. It is probable that at the time of his death ho WWI too young a man to have yet made his mark in tlie world' 'cit scientific research, which doubtless would have been the case hud he lived. LIM one hook on the legends of Southern Italy, shows groat research in the literary works of the past, with patient and intelligent investigation of such obtitillitloB as bore alma his sul jeet, but the yol- lune MIR rather a promise ef the future, than a: guarantee of lasting fame already accomplished. Naturally to the woman who loved him, ho Ind Areal}, all wined. that eminence which would ul- timately have been his, hut this flattering esti- mate is not shared by tho mole coldly critical Pwient ill° world.

: Miss teedgwiek was a shy, retiring girl, wile eared little for the social geieties of New York. She had peid several visits to Europe, and lict chief delight was in travel and in reading, the bookm_elie preferred being mainly historical and geogicaphicel. I think, but am not sure' that it was on cue of her Italian journeys she first met Professor Weals Dent, a man some eight or nine years her senior. Be that AS it may, Professor Dent was a guest at her fether's house when he came to America about a year before his death, and it wag known to a few intimate hiends that they were betrothed, although no public an- nouncement of the engagement was ever made. Many of the mensationet statements put forth by . the daily press of New York at the time of the first or the second tragedy were either inaccurate or misleading. It is not true that over study had impaired her intellect and weakened her body. It is not true that the buddenness with which the fact of her lover's death was announced to her while she was rending a letter from him sent her into uneontrolinble frenzy, and of course the de- tailed acoouut of her euicide is only mythical, for the action bad no witnesses. The calamity which had overtaken Professor Dent might have been more tactfully broken to her, but she nevertheless received the blow with that quiet calm, which was habitual to her. Her father and herself ; were seated at the breakfast table. Half a dozen foreign postal cards from Professor Dent had come for her, and she had assorted theni in their order, and was reading the first when her father, glancing over his morning paper, with an ex- clamation of dismay, suddenly and unthinkingly blurted tout the gist a a telegram that Professor Dent had been killed. She turned pale to the lips, and sat there without a word, staring at her father who now tried to soften a statement which could not be mitigated. She asked in a low voice I to see the newspaper, and she read the cablegram ' as well as she could through the tears that, in spite of her marvellous self-control, welled into her eyes; then she rose and went to her room with no exclamation that indicated mental de- rangement. That her mind undoubtedly became clouded I do not intend to deny, but in my opinion this was caused by the ever recurring at- rival of postal cards from her lover, which ex- I tended for a period of nearly fifteen days after she : knew that he was no longer in life. This ghast- ly correspondence, the more terrible because the writing was in a tone of jubilant confidence, with ;11l the joaularity of youth, unfolded itself day by day like a serial story, the tragic end of which is a'-eady known. Postal communication between Italy and America is tardy, a letter sometimes taking from 18 to 20 days, coming by way of England 'Or France, or by direct steamer not much quicker, and thus the series was long drawn out, each missive a mental stab, not to be warded off. When I learned what was going on, I endeavoured to have the postal cards inter- cepted, but she would not have it so, and fearing worse complications, if she were thwarted, I was reluctantly compelled to forego my prohibition. The day I was called in, her friends had become :alarmed. The living writing appeared to have the effect of making her forget momentarily that t the band which penned it was dead, yet some- where in her troubled brain there always floated the shadow of impending disaster, and, flickering through this shadow like vivid forked lightning ; athwart a thunder demi, spasmodic futile effort to avert the threntenieg danger. These alter- nating currents of powerful conflicting emotions, I impinging on a seneitive mind, delicately poised, undoubtedly had the effect of overturning it, act- ing on the brain in a manner somewhat similar to that of n nop volt alternating current of elec- tricity upon the body, blit less mercifully, be- cause instant death was not the result.

On the day I was summoned, a dozen postal cards had arrived, and Marjory sat, very quietly in her boudoir reading them, a lady companion being in the room with her, the same who a few weeks later accompanied her to Europe. Sudden- ly Miss Sedgwick sprang to her feet, the cards Buttering like leaves to the ground. " A tele- graph office ! Where is the telegraph office P I must warn him I" she cried, and, before the other could prevent her, fled dishevelled into the street. There was instant panic in the household, but the girl returned of her own accord after a htief absence. The fact that even the swiftness of lightning coiplil carry ,no warning in tune, came to her before she had gone far, and the hopelesseess of the situation brought her back in unavailing tears. I was telephoned for, but was helpless, for the one suggestion I did make about inierceptitig the postal cards promised a return of the frenzy, iind she was not in it state to be reasoned with. How brave is the man who writes a humorous letter to a friend, for he can- not know in what grim circumstances it may ar- rive ! The careless joking tone of many of these mi.sives strike me even now, in editing them, as gruesomely incongruous ; like the fixed grin of the skeleton standing in the corner of my room. At last they ceased to come, and the eternal silence begun. For a week or inure there was an „ tinexpressed fear in the hottmeheld, that a belated ~,rd would fall in, but it tiever came. Mar- jory herself seemed to expect it, for when :her letters arrived she tossed them over and would look up, saying anxiously, "Is there mithing else f" Finally, she became silently melancholy, and from this state could not be aroused. She gave no trouble to her friends, 311 id was perfectly itineuable to their suggestions, but evidently kept trooding over the event that had blighted her life, the tragedy being indelibly printed en her mind as an imago is tatooed on the body by innumerable stinging pin pricks. When, some three months after the death of Dent; site expressed a desire to go to Europe, the intimation was eagerly agreed to by her father, who thought the sea voyage and the following amigo of scene- would do her good, but I had grave doubts of this, for iihe wished to visit the arena of the tragedy, and the thought of her suicide from the cliff where the professor had fallen, occurred to Inc. The worst came, but not exactly as I had anticipated it. She never saw the Island of Capri. At Gibraltar, she alone of all the passengers, refused to laud, but stood leaning on the rail, gazing at the tall rock. During the voyage she had kept entirely to her- self, never speaking even to her companion, ex- cept when directly addressed. It was night when the steamer left Gibraltar for Naples. The lady who was with her found her writing in their state room, and did not disturb her. That was the last ever seen of Marjory Sedgwick. There seems tin Tolo.no to fintibt that. site Slipned Quietly overboard, white the other passengers were at dinner. •

The fateful pack of cards left in my care were fifty-two in number. On some days the writer had sent as many as ten. None of them were dated except in so far U 8 the post mark was con- cerned, but they were numbered consecutively from one to fifty-one. The tifly-second card bad evidently la en prepared by Miss Sedgwick her- self. It was of the .same size as the others, and on it was pasted the newspaper extract announc- ing Professor Dent 'S deuti. I begin the nam tive with that extract. I have eliminated from the Professor's writing nearly all that is hunior• ous or not bearimr 011 the story lie. haf3 to tell. It

J$ MUMS CO Dotetli t I k 1,4 ri r,r, neseingt, bt gives a hint of the r- iiie that was the direct cause of his death, lilthungli un usricion of this seems ever to have occurred to him. At the end I shall add a note uivix.;; the result of my own ns in Capri, wrionii 1 think will afford an explanation of That was a mvstery to him.

Naples, Dec. 13. A despatch from the Asso- ciated Press continua the report that Professor Dent, of Csmbridge, England, was killed yes- terday in Capri. It is supposed that Professor Dent was making a geological o,xamination of the southern cliffs ofithis island. The rope by which he let himself down the face of the precipice was severed by a sharp rook, and the unfortunate man fell a • distata. of neaey a thousand feet. Death was instantaneous.

"I have arrived once ,more in lovely Capri, truly the isle of the Siren far me, 41$ it was here I first met --but yea remember —I shall rhapso- dize on that in a later letter.' This is a post card and must be dotisidered as such. I expected to come here by Way of Malta,hat the tramp steamer, erratic in its movements, sailed into Naples and will go to Malta later. This was di,mstretta in so far as my Calculations were concerned, for Malta is the cheapest and best island in the world ivhere one may buy Wilkey°, while Capri is the dearest and 'worst. Thus kny yearnings towards amateur smuggling were- frustrated., 1 bought a few packets of their detestable thirty centissima cig- arettes in that low little shop under the arch just out of the piazza, And as I left the place and dived into the tunnel of the Castiglione road, a ragged brigand foilbwed me, touched me on the arm and exhibited a -packet a my favourite brand when we were deep in the gloom of the archway. The well remembered colour glad- dened may heart. I was willing to pay any price for it, and ask no' questions. He seemed to have but one sample two ounce packet, but quickly gueesing that he had happened on in unlimited market, he gave a low whistle which conjured out of tha darkness a 5%% artily beauty,' of a girl, who gazed lowering at ins; and produced pack- et after %packet from her strange costume, which Wits the colour of the ,Capri cliffs. These people are evidently not 'natives of this island. The sul- len sylph seemed ; deeply suspicious of me throughout the transaction, and appeared to realise its danger rridre thoroughly than the Man, who was too eager for the money to trouble his head about the risk we were all taking. You will think I am reckless to set down evidence of my own complicity on three post cards, but they are unsigned, and the story is in sections. Be- sides no one here can read English. Post cards have been invented so long now that I imagine those through whose bands they pass have given up reading -them. I sing the praise of the post card. While on tour all my correspondence is accomplished by means, of it • thus I follow the example of a celebrated statesman of my own land. There is no searching for an envelope, no sealing or sticking on of a badly gummed stamp. The post card is a notable invention, cheap and always ready to act the messenger boy. I doff my hat and salute it.

Why am f here, you are perhaps wondering. I am come hoping I may run to earth the elusive legend of the Sirens. The Fern • Grotto on the southern side of the island is reputed to have been their home, and a most excellen't marine outlook it has, situated like a lofty cathedral window in the al!, high above the waves. The concave back of the Grotto is most admirably constructed for sending the Sirenio voice far across the waters, in fact the place is ideal for the very purpose which legend as signs to it. Curiously enough men's bones have been found here, ingeniously fractured, and I think I shall do some farther excavating along the flocr of this cavern. Who knows but I may come on a mummified Siren? What a find that would be!

" Since writing to you last I have bad an amating experience, one that would have fright- ened these superstitious islanders out of their wits, had they known of it. Instead of a mum- mified Siren I seem like to discover one' as ' a going concern.' I had been taking some measure- menta in the Fern Grotto, when I heard faintly the sound of very sweet singing that seemed to come from above rather than from the inhabited plain below me. Of course sound is somewhat difficult to trace to its source, if the position of that source is unknown. This song seemed to come to me round the cliffs, that are all but un- ! scalable. I worked my way round the face of the rock in a position of some danger, and with every yard I made, the subtle tune became more distinct, appearing to float above and beyond me. The southern sea was empty except for one boat, that was coming rapidly in, flung forward by four oars, for there was no wind. This coming craft heightened the illusion as if these sturdy mariners—fishermen no doubt—were being lured inward by the Siren song. I raised a shout, and the melody instantly ceased. The siren had heard me although the boatmen could not. After a moment's pause the siren began again; but this time in a high renetrating key ; still sweet; ! a trilling lay that would carry far in this breath- less air. Indeed the distant boatmen now ap- peared to bear it, for their blades bung motion- less in the water. At some peril to my precari- ous footing, pressing close against the cliff, I t unslung my binocular and exammed the trait. It was just as I suspected; the four rowers stood • stock still. A fifth man, with his foot on the prow, bent forward with a band to his ear. The highly pitched tones continued, but they had not the 'ancient 'effect of enticing the mariners ashore. The man at the prow turned, appeared to give an order to Jul men, who drew in their oars and began to fish.- And now the singing had ceased, and could not be revived by shouting of mine, or any imitations I attempted to give of the weird melody. So I scrambled buck as well as I could. ' The siren evidently disdains competition, and ' well she may, for I never heard anything so Zn- trancing and uncanny as her mid air song. I shall make further research to-morrow, but it will be from the top of the cllff Lthink. "Another day of disappointment, and yet not siren.altogether After s , for that, hgaot vt et/. sheen d o aimed to favour me. I did not go to the tam of could a ldhilntof not b from tho the 'cliff as I purposed yesterday, but resolved to examine the rocks with my glass from the sea, so port—the Piecalo • went instead to the little Marina they call it7and engaged a boat. There was some delay abOtit the negotiations, for the I boatman insisted on accompanying tne, which I ! , would not perntitintr any gossiping native the secret nsecortetwishf the lete o for- eigner should wish to undergo either the exertion These Capri people cannot understand why a j of vowing or w &king,: However, at last I got the boat. I could hear the song floating faintly in the air, and there was another boat, a smaller craft than the one of yesterday, making in to- wards the rocks where there is no landing. This gave further versimilitude to the song of the siren, and I resolved to intercept the lone boat- man for the purpose of making inquiries. He was too expert for me. I find these Capri boats mid ears very clumsy when compared with our ski& on the Cam. The lone boatman seemed to go into the Red Grotto, and I laboriously followed him, but lie was newhere to be seen. He could easily hair° ended me if he had wanted to do so, but why should he, want to 2' He could have gone through the Turk's Grotto, which has two en- trances, and which gets its name from the fact that some Capri fishermen gave the Turks the slip by doing the very thing. this man seems to have done. As before, the siren's song changed from its plaintive tone to the shriller pitch before it ended, and for all I could teli, she get her man this time. The notes floated from some spot mid way up the cliffs, although, viluit is more probable, the 'song may have been sung by some one lying in the grass at the dizzy summit. From the boat I examined the cliff with ray glass most minutely,' hilt .-oola di.eern no resti,u. /.1-ee even for an eagle aumig sheer wall. Unfortunately she stopped singing at the very moment when I wanted her to go on, hqping the sound would be some sort of guide to. my scrutiny of the cliff. Perhaps she was , crunching her victim. Anyhow she differs from her sisters of old in remaining invisible. I shall take to the boat again to-mor- row, if the weather is fair, go further out, and come slowly in, hoping for a song all to myself. " Yesterday's resolution was annulled by a fierce Scirocco, which made boating on the south- ern side impossible. I therefore went to the top of the cliffs, but without result. There was a grand view over a whitened sea, but no boats were -visible, so my siren proves herself true sister to the ancients by wasting no music on an empty sea. I must get a long stout rope and investi- gate these cliffs at close quarters. It will be quite an Alpine experience, for the precipice certainly looks terrible enough from this altitude. "The Scirocco is still blowing, so I acquired a ' rope, a stout iron stake and a hammer. I let my- self down over the cliff in several places, but without result. It is rather exhausting work, and needs nerve as well as strength, both of which, I am thankful to say, I possess. I drive in the iron stake very securely, tie the rope round it, also very securelV, and so let myself down, Jed ..mainst the rook face bands clutehiPco

cno rope. 1 emn be abfb to earn my Jinn 'Aeon acrobat when this task is over. If I capture the siren' I may make such affluent terms with Bar- num for the two of us, that I can retire on a for- tune. However, there was neitner sight nor sound of the siren to-day, but much fruitless fatiguing rope work. _ _

an amazing chance I actually believe I have discovered the abiding place of the tnodern siren. The quest has been so interesting tnat ii has taken entire possession of me. Last night I went out in any small boat to scan the rocks in the darkness. Once I thought I heard the siren'', call, but could not be sure. Later, however, I think I discovered her in the unromantic act of striking matches. This sounds extremely prosaic, hut when you take into consideration the intense darkness of the night, her perilous perch on the face of a beetling cliff, and the strangeness of the whole affair yon will find it is not without its touch of mystery. The matehes flared for a moment, and went out, or perhaps she had a lan- tern with which Phe was signalling. She is much further west than I had supposed from her song, but how she reaches her eyrie, and bow she main- tains herself there is beyond my comprehension. There nmst be a shallow cave up aloft which gives some sort of footing, but the ledge is so lofty thiiit it is invisible front the sea. . _ _ _

" Since writing of the night light, I have bud an calm:lure which even now makes me shudder to think of. I hope it will not be repeated. I got down over the cliff with my rope, at about the spot where I supposed the light to have shown. All at once I noticed a quiver in the rope as if some unseen iperson above rile were trying to saw it asunder. I got my feet on a shelf not more than six inches wide, and just in time, for the severed rope came down in coils around me. I found myself entirely cut off from the cliff top, plastered against the rock. hardly daring to breathe. I shouted for help, hoping some boat- man below might bear me, but at last realised that if I was to be saved it must be through my own.exerlions. My Swiss rock climbing experi- ences now stood my friend. INC() against, the wall, with outspread arms I worked my way cautiously along the precipice, hoping the shelf would last my turn, until I reached the green depression which I was making for, a shallow valley in the cliff fop. Once, through exhaustion, I feared my stamina was not going to stand the strain, for I had a sort of momentary vision, which showed me my mind was not so entirely under my control as it should have been in such a crisis. I thought I saw a human face peer at me from an impossible point in the cliff above me. It was distorted with rage and hate, or so I regarded it at the time, for it was gone in a moment—a girl's face—the mirage of the siren that has been haunting my brain, and yet it was a face I had seen somewhere before, but I can- not remember where. For an instant I persuaded myself that she, and not a protruding rock, bad cut the rope. I pulled myself together and de- termined to see no more such disquieting illusions until I was safe on more level ground. I reached the valley thoroughly done up, and lay there for a long time, panting and unable to believe that the danger was past. " I am as resolute as ever to solve this puzzle. Doubtless the answer will be commonplace enough, once I haive reached it. But I shall go no more alone in this affair. I shall engage a stalwart islander or two, who will look after the rope above while I am descending, and be ready to throw me another line, should the one that supports me show signs of giving way. You shall hear news of me to-morrow, for I feel cer- tain I am going to unravel the great mystery."

These were the last words written by Professor Wallis Dent. I paid a visit to Capri, and talked with the two men who had been with Professor Dent on the day of the disaster. They were rather stupid persons wio plainly took it for granted that the rope had parted because of abrasion on a sharp rock. On this occasion the Professor had tied the rope round him, and the two men had lowered him slowly. He evidently knew something was going wrong, although they bad no suspicion of it, for he signalled them to pull Lim up again. They were about to obey, when they suddenly found the line loose in their hands, which caused them to fall backwards to the ground. I am convinced that Professor Dent had unluckily become involved in the operations of tobacco smugglers, who were running their il- licit cargoes into a cave at the foot of the cliff, bringing their tobacco probably from Malta, and distributing it from Capri to Naples and the mainland. The girl was doubtless perched in POMO slight cavern, with an extended outlook to signal by voice or light that the coast was clear. Dent's actions must have convinced the smug- glers and their watchwoman that he sought, and perhaps had obtained evidence against them. I see no reason to disbelieve that she cut the rope on each occasion, and I suspect that she shared the fate she ?tad so ruthlessly dealt out to the doomed man, for the fishers say that one night an appalling and prolonged scream was heard down the face of the cliff, followed by a crash, and silence. These devout fishers crossed them- selves, and thought this the ghostly re-enactment of the former tragedy. However, the men who were with him say that Professor Dent did not cry out as he fell, but that statement does not shake the belief of the fishers in their ghost story.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
CONSUMPTION'S DEADLY HOLD.

A GRATEFUL MOTHER TELLS HOW

DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS FOR PALE PEOPLE

SAVED HER DAUGHTER FROM AN EARLY DEATH.

"I could not bear the thought of losing Phcebe yet I should have lost her but for Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They saved her life." The speaker was Mrs. Gallon, of 20 Seabam-street, Newcastle. Five of her sons fought in the last Boer war, and death claimed three of them. "You may imagine what that loss meant," said Mrs. Gallon," and how anxious I became when my nineteen- year-old daughter. Ph, ' • developed signs of advanced consumption. From the age of fourteen Phcebe had been consumptive; at nineteen the disease developed alarmingly. Her cough grew worse, and she bebame so weak tnd exhausted that after he least exertion she Arould faint. Phcebe had to -give up work, Zor she seemed beyond help. The lightest meal would be followed by violent sickness; she was wasting away rapidly, and as frail aa could be. Her thin, haggard look was as Much as I could bear. At night, without sleep or rest, her sufferings seemed worse. Her racking cough seemed to tear her chest. I

A": 752) I s_l!'

•

was in despair, for no PBC= GALLON, medicine did her any when in a piZ Coneurnptiono good. The disease had was cured by obtained a deadly hold Dr. Williams' Pink PUP.. upon her. " " When I was at my wits' end, I was telling a friend how I had given up hope of over saving Pbcebe. Said she, Have you ever tried Dr. Williams' Pink Pills?' I confessed I had not. Then my friend told me how these pills had cured her after she had spent pounds on ordinary medicine. So persistent was she that I at length purchased a box and Phoebe began to give them a trial. Judge of par delight when after three doses, Phcebe slept tkrough the night without coughing. With half a box the sickness had ceased, he appetite im- proved, and the fainting fits were less frequent. With the second box there was a wonderful improvement,and so she changed surely from a living skeleton into a healthy, happy girl, full of life,and able to do anything. To Dr. Williams' Pink Pills alone Phoebe owes her recovery. Mv daughter is married now; has two child- ren, and is well and strong." This is no imaginary tale, but absolute fact, and other cures equally remarkable and already pubished in this paper afford the surest proof that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have effected cures when ordinary medicine was useless. Bloodlessness, or An;emia, is the constant fore • runner of Consumption ; and Headaches,Want of Energy pale lips and breathlessness are the signs of approaching danger. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills make new rich blood and nourish the wasting sufferer. The 3 have also cured Bile,oliidney disease, Eczema and Skin diseases, Rhea- imatisro, Sciatica, St. Vitus' Dance, Paralysis, and Loco- motor Ataxy, while women find regular comfortable health in them. One box post free for 2s. 9d. from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn-viaduct, London, or six for 13s. 9d. But they can be had at medicine shops if purchasers take care to see the full name (seven words) on the package, so as to avoid substitutes frequently offered.

cebe, , .—•. / 1' • Li 1 ,'„•;-'0' % : f...•:'. Vtlgl:Ff%;7"- '''''' . Ir• ' ' ~ 1 , A 1..,:i;' "0 : 106-.....'"- .."1 :::!...:'. ',. ti ,-..s , fh , -1. I V • .t, ‘,. •-' .....:: ) Miss

===== 0002601_19050617_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILD KILLED BY A MOTOR WAGGON.

Donald White, a boy of three. was knocked down and killed by a motor waggon belonging to Messrs. Crow and Taylor, of Sutton Oak, as it was going along West Derby-road, Liverpool. The waggon, it is said, was going slowly, and the child ran in front of it in pursuit of a companion.

SCIENCE NOTES AND

===== 0002601_19050617_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
GLEANINGS.

A GERMAN scientific magazine describes a new registering rain gauge, in which each drop falls on a balanced arm, which dips under it, closes an electric circuit, and registers the fall. The number of drops in half a minute indicates the intensity of the shower, and curves of it can be drawn from them.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
MAN'S MOST PRODUCTIVE PERIOD.

Professor Dexter, of the University of Illinois, has made a biographical investigation, and finds that although the gecade between thirty and forty proved the most productive in the lives of his celebrities, the following decade was nearly as productive, and the next about half as productive, so that on the whole most of the world's work is done, not before, but after forty years of age.

COCAINE. Cocaine is made from the coca bush of Peru. The leaves are dried in the sun, and brayed in a concentrated solution of carbonate of soda. The powder, obtained by drying the solution, is treated with benzine or petroleum, and a solution of hydrochloric acid. The cocaine is precipitated by carbonate of soda. A kilogramme of leaves gives t from two to four grammes of cocaine.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
ACETYLENE GAS BUOYS.

The Canadian Government has adopted acetylene gas buoys in preference to those having compressed gas, which are liable to explode. The new buoys carry a charge of carbide which, when the buoy sinks to a certain depth, comes into contact with the water, and generates acetylene gas for lighting the buoy. A certain pressure of gas cuts off the water, but when more gas is wanted the Water is automatically admitted again to the carbide so as to generate it. The pressure of gas is not over throa pounds on the square inch.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ANTIDOTE TO NICOTINE.

Strychnine has been regarded as the antidote to nicotine, but M. Zalacka,n finds it ineffectual. Eserine is not much better. Nicotine possesses a stimulating and also a paralysing property, and eserine may sometimes enhance the paralysing effect. The nasturtium officinalis, on the other hand, supplies a good antidote ta nicotine. It is rich in nitrogen and iodide of iron, especially when it grows near springs containing iron and iodine. The juice of the plant obtained by crushing it and filtering, when injected into the veins in good time, neutralises the poison of nicotine.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW MAGNETIC ALLOY.

A new magnetic alloy is announced by Herr Gumlich. It contains more than 60 per cent. of copper, 20 per cent, of mangane,e, 10 per cont, of aluminium; and a trace of lead. It is said to be easily worked, and to have the coercive force of prime cast steel. its maximum permeability equals that of cast iron, and increases considerably with age. Unfortunately it will not stand heating, and a temperature of 165 deg. Centigrade permanently strips it of its magnetic propertkis. For the present, at any rate, these new magnetic metals do not seem likely to displace industrially the compounds of iron.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
A PAINT SUITABLE FOR GALVANISED IRON.

No paint at present known can be satisfactorily applied to the surface of freshly galvanished iron in the condition in which it leaves the galvanising tank, says Science Siftings. Before any paint will adhere permanently to the galvanised sheet its surface must be weathered by exposure, so as in a great measure to sacrifice the protection afforded in the galvanising process. A ready market would be found for a paint that,when applied to a galvanised sheet upon its withdrawal from the tank, would adhere firmly to and effectually protect the metallic surface.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
EXCELLENT SOLDER FOR GLASS.

Glass is one of the most universally employed bodies. It is transparent, writes a Science Siftings correspondent, and is not attacked by commonly. occurring substances. Glass only possesses one annoying drawback apart from its fragility. It is difficult to solder toge,her with other materials, wood or metal. But even in this regard necessity, It is claimed by a German authority, has finally led to the discovery of the right thing, and he affords us the following: Melt tin, and add to the melted mass enough copper, with constant stirring, until the melted metal consists of 95 per cent, of tin and 5 per cent. of copper. In order to render the mixture more or less hard, add to 1 per cent. of zinc or lead, whereby an excellent solder for glass is obtained.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
GLASS BRICKS.

The manufacture of glass bricks, controlled by the patents held by the Societe Anonyme La Pierre de Verre Garchey, appears likely to undergo an mportant development, due to some improvements made in the method of producing this material. The method of production hitherto employed has involved two heatings of the material—that is to say, the rough glass, after being subjected to a preliminary heating, is allowed to cool slightly and is then granidated by immersion in cold water. The granules are then packed into refractory moulds and again heated until a degree ot platticity is obtained,and the rough brick from the mould placed under hydraulic pressure to secure the desired shape. The process of granulating, which involves a separate heating, and therefore a double consumption of coal, has rendered the cost of manufacture high; but it is announced, on the authority of the American Consul at Havre, that M. Garchey has discovered a process for making the bricks from glass in one heating, thus saving one-half the coal expenditure. The bricks have the chemical and physical properties of glass, and it is anticipated that a greatly enlarged demand will follow on the new process of manufacture.

I'The

===== 0002601_19050617_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MYSTERY OF N-RAYS.

Though the nature and origin of N-rays may still be said to be wrapped in mystery,. says a writer in the Electriml Magazine, yet the phenomena which reveal their presence are of the simplest possible kind, requiring no special scientific apparatus for their production. If the N-rays have any real objective existence, then anyone has it in his power to conjure them forth from their hiding- places and bid them reveal their secrets; and as the searcher has a vast field before him, who knows but that he may be instrumental in bringing to light some new and valuable discovery? Even should he not succeed in this, still the study of such mysterious radiationa will amply repay the effort requirel, which calla for all the mental and moral faculties of the observer, and constitutes an invaluable scientific training. The universal in- terest which has centred on N-rays ever since the date of their presumed discovery may be traced to several reasons, some of which have perhaps no direct connection with pure natural philosophy. Many critical inquirers in this domain appear to be hoping for the advent of some new discovery which Nvill upset one of the dogmas of science, or afford some confirmation of their own dreamy theories. Even renowned physicists have of late been drift- ing, unconsciously perhaps, into metaphysics.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
MAGNETO-CATHODIC RAYS.

A discovery of great importance- seems to have been made by M. Villard, says the Atheneum. By interposing a diaphragm with a small central open- ing in front of the cathode in a Crookes tube, and then placing the tube between the poles of a powerful electro-magnet,he produces a new kind of rays which he Galls the magneto-cathodic. These are entirely magnetic in their nature, and prove, when sep4rated by a Faraday's cage, not to be carriers of electricity, while they increase in light and length with the intensity of the magnetic field. They are deviated by an electric field of sufficient intensitF, and tend to place themselves perpendicu- larly to it. Or the pencil of ordinary cathodic rays can be made by magnetic deviation to take the form of a helix, or corkscrew, when the magnetic rays will then figure as straight lines parallel to the axis of the helix. Moreover, M. Villard has been able to sliew that, given a magnetic field of sufficient intewsity, the ordinary cathodic rays may be made to describe a perfect circle, thus return- ingto the cathode, while the magnetic-cathodic raytiLpersist in their course through the leegth of the tube. It is, therefore, claimed that these last cannot arise from any transformation of electric energy, but have an actual independent existence of their Own; and it is even argued that they must consist of streams id particles called, by analogy with those makit.g up the cathode streams, magnetons. This may be premature, adds the Arlieneram, but we may certainly admit M. Villaiars eontention that these experiments for the first time demonstrate visibly an action of the electric field at right angles to its direction and his experiments cannot fail to cast much light on the relations Zhattrsees electricity and magnetism.

The Best Summer Dunk Hot Cold or Iced. PLASMON eocoa Is non/heating One Cup contains more nourish- ment than 10 cups of any ordinary Cocoa, and is absolutely free from Chemicals. In tins, 9d., 1/4., and 26.

WARRINGTON ALBIONS A.F.G.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Dinner and Smoker.

The Warringtoli Albion Club's recent successes in the Warrington " Observer" cup competition and the War- rington and District League were celebratea on Wed- nesday evening, when the victorious team, with officials and guests to the total of 60, were entertained to dinner at the Wintuarleigh Cafe, Sankey street. Amongst those present were :—Mr. George Bowman, (president), Alderman D. Tinnion and Councillor T.H. Ashcroft, (vice-presidents) ; Mr. W. Chalmers, (president) ; Mr. T. P. Bradshaw, (chairman) ; and Mr. C. T. Cox, (secretary) of the Warrington and District League. After dinner the following programme was gone through.—Toast" King, Queen and Royal family" proposed by Mr. G. Bowman. Humorous songs by Mr. Hignett; songs by Mr. J. Jones; Quartettes by the War- rington Apollo Quartette party. Gramaphone selections Councillor Ashcroft ; toast, " Warrington and District League officials "proposed by Mr. J. J. Pritchard and responded to by Messrs. Bradshaw, W. Chalmers and Quarter-Master Sergeant Hollins congratulated the Warrington Albions on winning the League and also being joint holders of the" Observer" Cup with Sutton Commercial ; songs by Mr. P. George,humorous recita- tions by Mr. J. Howes, jun., toast "The President" (Mr. George Bowman) proposed by Councillor Ashcroft. Mr. Bowman in replying said nothing could have given ' him greater pleasure than to be amongst them that night. It was the first time they had won the League, and also been in the final for the Observer " Cup and he hoped they would keep together and win both out- right in the coming season. Alderman Tinnion also congratulated the players on securing the League championship and sharing the " Observer " Cup and he wished them better luck next season. Toast " Warrington Albions A.F.C." was proposed by Mr. Whittle and the president (Mr. George Bowman) .responded. Toast, "The Secre- tary" (Mr. J. J. Pritchard) was proposed by Mr. G. Bowman, and after Mr. Pritchard had replied the com- pany sang "For he's a jolly good fellow. During the ; evening Mr. Bowman presented the "Observer" Cap and Warrington and District League Medals to the players. A medal was also presented to Mr. J. J. Pritchard (secretary) and Mr. G. Abram (groundsman). A collection was made for Mr. Appleton, who had the misfortune to break his collar bone in the re-played tie for the "Observer" Cup and realized £2. Mr. J. Howes, jun., acted as accompanist.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
SEAWEED THE HEALTH-GIVER.

THE MOST POPULAR MEDICINE FOR STOMACH, LIVER, KIDNEYS, AND BLOOD.

SEAWEED possesses a natural strengthening, healing and purifying power, infinitely greater than ordinary medicines. This is now regarded as conclusive by eminent authoilties, who recommend it daily since VEND'S SEAWEED TONIC was first introduced. A pure palatable extract of Seaweed is one of the principal ingredients of VEND'S SEAWEED Tomc. This remedy excels in the cure of indigestion, wind, headache. nervous complaints, kidney troubles, weak and painful back, torpid liver, female troubles, poorness of blood and habitual constipation. Its most brilliant effect is produced in stomach, liver and kidney troubles. The remarkable cures VENO'S SEAWEED Toxic effects even in the worst cases is positive proof of its great therapeutic value. Ask for VEND'S SEAWEED, TONIC, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per bottle, at Chemists and Drug Stores.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
CANAL TRAGEDY.

Fatal Fascination of " Jacksharps."

The inquest on the two boys, John and Walter M ata aged ten and five years, a 80, Corporation-street, who were drowned on Saturday in the canal at Blackbrook, was held on Wednesday by Mr. Brighouse at St. Helens Town Hall. Mrs. Myatt, the mother, said the elder boy was very fond of fishing, and on Friday she chastised him for going fishing in the canal. William Leivesly, collier. of :34, Blackbrook-road, Haydock' said that on Saturday afternoon he heard a scream, and walked along the canal side for about 200 yards. He then saw a boy disappearing, and himself jumped in to try to get him out. He failed, and, becoming exhausted, had to be. assisted ont.—Richard Bourne of 5, Cam-lane, spoke to- ; dragging the boys out sometime later.—The Coroner ' said it seemed clear that the elder boy had taken his brother with him, and they seemed to be fascinated by the pursuit of fishing, although the catch only meant a few jacksharps." If they only knew, probably the factsw i were that the younger boy fell n, and that the older boy made a courageous attempt to save him, and so lost his life as welL—The jury returned a verdict of 'Accidentally drowned."

k.

• ; . . •

===== 0002601_19050617_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Calro-street Chapel.

The Sunday school anniversary services were held in this place of dorship on Sunday, the preacher being the Rev. Ernest A. Parry,of Liscard. In the afternoon, a scholars' service wag held, the children singing remark- ably well. Special hymns and anthems were rendered at each service. There were very good congregations

I

===== 0002601_19050617_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

===== 0002601_19050617_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Cpcling Gossip.

BY THE CLUBMAN:

Run to is perhaps the most satisfactory finish of a week- end cycling excursion, and gives a sense of " some- thing atteMpted, something done," which is not gained to anything like the same extent when the ride finishes at an inland town or village. Reports from the seaside resorts on the South Coast all tend to show that the number of cyclist visitors at week-ends is this season greater than ever, and I notice a writer in the • Brighton Argus,' who had expected the lowering of cycle prices would hays resulted in a great lowering in the class and behaviour of cycle riders, nor expresses the Opinion that the cycling visitors to that town are really of a much better class than when cycles were sold at £2O or so.

-7) .477;a. ._.......-.7,--_ 4 ..? .. - 7 .;-7,. --- ' 14; - • N4i< . ........40)..-=--t--- '4.. 7.-- t\ '''---•,-- - -----.--,-,;_•••,-..---.-...- - ~,.. , ~ .1,6., ---'10."`c.,4.. I • - ipsui _ 4PC-I 4-7) -'• ''• .\--- '- AP 4.:- , ..,... • 4 „..,- ....0.-...:k. fi 4 .4,..1 A, O,0112& ,:, iolikvi, r, I ~ 1.......„0 i 1 ~.. trokir. ' 0 A the Sea

===== 0002601_19050617_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Universal Lights.

All cyclists who ride by night beyond the limits of illuminated towns will feel the deepest regret at the defeat of the Universal Lights Bill, 1905, by a majority of one, on its second reading in the Com- mons on 12th May. The Cyclists' Touring Club has laboured for years to procure legislation of a uniform character, making it incumbent on all wheeled vehicles to carry lights between one hour after sunset and one hour before sunrise. Yet no less a person than Mr. Labouchere, who with several other Members opposed the Bill, declared that the measure was devised mainly in the interests of motorists. Wheelmen who realize the dangers which it is sought to mitigate by the Bill referred to should not miss the opportunity of extracting a pledge from their parliamentary representative which the approaching General Election will afford.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
The Dust Nuisance.

It is satisfactory to observe that the County Councils in many parts of the country are bestirring themselves to mitigate the dust nuisance. Various substances are being experimented with, some Producing quite unexpected results. For example, near the Hadley Stone, north of Barnet, a stretch of highway has been recently coated with a preparation of tar. Cyclists passing over the road became aware that their tyres were picking up a Spray of tiny black particles, which, in default of mudguards, were deposited on their backs. Unlike road grit, which can be shaken or brushed off, these tenacious particles left a black smear when touched, and practically ruined any light garment on which they fell. Anything more' exasperating to a cyclist oould hardly be devised than an antidote of this nature, far worse in its effects than the evil sought to be removed.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
The Ripley Road.

The rapid growth in the number of motorists using the Portsmouth road, noted for its fine scenery and excellent service, has wrought a strik- ing change in its popularity amongst cyclists. Formerly the highway which led through Ripley and Guildford to the wild beauties of Hind Head teemed with wheel-folk every week-end. The Atgel at Ditton and the Anchor at Ripley ,saw aftemblages of all the notabilities in cycling circles, while riders of every class from far and near steered the course down the famous road. Many a fierce dust-up took place over the ten miles known as " between the houses," and abundant accommoda- tion awaited the wayfarer at the favourite inns. Now all is altered. Although sparse gatherings of the small fry of wheeldom may be seen sometimes at Ditton, the high-powered cars which sweep along the road have virtually driven away the humbler pilgrims" to find a refuge from the dusty and deteriorated surface in the sequestered by- ways.

In Leafy June.

• With the leafy month of lengthy days are i- associated several annual events which excite much ' interest in cycling circles. Thus, on the 10th inst. , the votaries of distance riding have their yearly : chance of taking part in an organized ride from London to York. Starting from the G.P.O. at mid- night, and observing a steady schedule speed of 12 to 14 miles an hour, the party will reach "York at , 8.30 P.M. Then on the 24th inst. two prominent Axtures will clash. One is the 'Woodford Meet, ' beloved of East-End cyclists, who annually array themselves in divers costumes and parade pro- cessionally in aid of local hospital charities. This really pretty spectacle is admirably managed and affords delight to many thousands. On the same afternoon, on the steep slope of Westerham 'Hill, Prodigious feats of hill climbing against the watch Will be witnessed by crowds of spectators. The Catford C.C. deserve every credit for the sporting sPirit they display in promoting this instructive '43rapetition each year without the incentive of a gate:

.inproir.b. Cyclometer. probable that many riders who would like tlse a cyclometer to record the distance of their P.B awheel, are deterred from doing so by the Of injury or loss which these little attachments .7,7• usually exposed to. When machines are in a or stacked together in the stables of • um, the cyclometer, projecting from the fror:

11/11V. VOA, IA XIAUIV 01/ oe vein or oroxen. This

objection is removed in the case of the New Departure Signal Cyclometer, which fits on the hub of the steering-wheel inside the spokes, where it is protected. It registers up to 10,000 miles, and is made to suit 26 in. or 28 in. wheels. The New Departure name, already so well known in connection with the New Departure Hub, is in itself a guarantee that this latest New Departure will be both efficient and satisfactory.

~=.--,-------__ / , # N • !'•-•/%21)11.-..v.S)) --,.__ )7 ....... W.,' + .. - ,?.:7---: i"...------ ---=•-• -- ..'-'''--Ci''''.7- ~r.,....[ tell i ''''.:;\ _ i .. • , ••' / . 40-e.r..... -.= ._ - ~..• iiir .114 ) ~..„'.,...'. :•::::: ..7- -^.7-.1 , r,,,:k...1.--11;.- ' iv:, 011 Alai:- - Tf i.,---•:-.-, ~.., , ... . , . -•-• V, \ 1.);) :l'i , , Ag iiit , 1 , _. • / , , , --.2 .4 f • / 1-•....r7 / ,/ ----- .... ..- .-- ' - -- . I. An Improved ' ',.. It is .

===== 0002601_19050617_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Inferior Pump Connections.

Many complaints have been rife of late concern. lug the defective quality of pump connections sold to riders. Not only are the threads so roughly cut that air escapes, but the flexible tube is in- capable of sustaining the pressure of air without giving way. The best connections are those encased in a plaited fabric. The cheap celluloid pump of doubtful make proves but a sorry substitute for a genuine article by Lucas or Bluemel, which will render useful service for years.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
The Use of Toe-clips.

It is generally conceded, even by their users, that toe-clips are detrimental to perfect pedalling. That is to say that their use discourages ankling—drop- ping of the heel at the beginning of the stroke and raising it at the end. Still, thousands of riders use toe-clips to-day on the road to obviate having their feet thrown off the pedals when riding fast over rough ground, and if the clips are so arranged as to leave the feet in an easy position on the pedals, little harm should attend their use. Various patterns of leather clips have jumped into favour of late. These answer well for fast road work, but are less suited than steel clips to the needs of a traffic rider, whose feet should always be at liberty for a lightning dismount when necessary.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL

Corporation Contracts Question.

Mr. J. EDWARDSON presided at the monthly meeting of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council which was held in Bold-street Wesleyan schools on Tuesday evening. There was a fair attendance of delegates. CORPORATION CONTRACTS.

Councillor STOTT (secretary) referred to the action of the Town Council in regard to the fair wage clause. He pointed out that prior to the meeting of the Council a letter was sent to each member asking him to vote against the committee's "standard rate recommendations rucl to support Councillor Stott's proposal of a trade union rate in all contracts. As they knew, tbe money spent on the letters was really wasted. Not quite so many members as he thought had promised to support the trade union rate when circularised before the Municipal Elections. Some gentlemen who made promises were not in the Council at the present time. The following was a list of the members who actually promised to support the trade union rate :—Councillors Brongh, Barton, Benson, Clegg, Wilkinson. Forshaw, Skelland, Ellison, and Pemberton. It was only fair to state that Councillors Brough and Burton were unable

to, attend the meeting, Councillor Brough being in America. Councillor Stott explained that the Council Chamber began to empty so rapidly when the ordinary business had been transacted that he had no opportunity of moving his special resolutions on the 'question. The Trades Council had, however, gained something, as in future the mem- bers of the Town Council would take a great deal more interest in the contracts than they had been in the i habit of doing, and be more careful n ascertaining the conditions which obtained under the flans who received contracts. It was very unsatisfactory from the trade union point of view to have to submit to the "standard rate "clauses, but he did not think they could expect to gain anything better at present. Mr. T. SMITH said be was very pleased to see the position Councillor Stott had taken up on the question, There were a few councillors who could not see the difference between the trade union rate and standard rate, but workingmen could very quickly see the difference.

Mr. GREALEY said the Trades Council ought not to tamely submit to the present clauses. They should make preparations with a view to getting candidates to pledge themselves in support of trade union cionditions at the November elections. He moved that the matter be referred to the Executive Committee. .

Mr. JOLLEY seconded and said it wag disappointing to find that the promises made by candidates were unfulfilled. Perhaps before long there would Ma test case which would show whether the standard rate really meant the trade union rate. _

Councillor STOTT said the members of the Town Council who pledged themselves to support trade union clauses thought they had fulfilled their promises by voting for tbe standard rate. It was decided to leave the mattes in the hands of the Executive Committee. LETTER FROM MR. R. PIERPOINT, M.P. In reply to a letter from the Trades Council asking him to oppose the Bill in Parliament which proposes to take away the, powers of local medical officers in regard to accidents, Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P., wrote :—I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 15th ult., which will receive my attention. The question involves, is one which is far from easy and I am not at present prepared to give an opinion upon it. Probably you are aware that the Bill has not been read a second time.

LABOURERS AND CORPORATION WORK.

Mr. T:Smitii -said he had been asked whether it was true 034 labourers were being employed to do painting and repairs (tradesmen's work) in the electricity and tramways department of the Corporation. I Councillor STOTT said the Engineers' Society had complained of pertain work being done by men who were not fitters, but they were informed by the depart- ment that no such work was being performed by labourers. The Coachmakers' Society had written on two or three occasions, alleging that the trains were being repaired and painted by unskilled labour. He had made investigations on behalf of the men, but had not been able to get satisfaction. They wanted the depart- ment to employ a qualified coachmaker and pay him the standard rate of wages. Councillor Stott promised to make further inquiries into the matter.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
'THE TREASURER.

Mr. Yoram the secretary reported, bad left town,and consequently had resigned the treasurership. Mr. iIOWLISTON was elected to succeed him.

RESIGNATION FROM THE EXECUTIVE.

A lively discussion was engendered by the reading of a letter from Mr. W. Bullock resigning his seat on the Executive. _ .

_ Mr. T. SMITH contended that before accepting the resignation the Council ought to consult the Wire- drawers' Society which Mr. Bullock represented Several members strongly dissented from this view. The resignation was accepted, and Mr. J. Edwardson was elected to succeed Mr. Bullock on the committee.

FEDERATION DELEGATE.

Councillor STorr was re-appointed delegate to the meetings of the Lancashire and Cheshire Federation of Trades and Labour Councils.

THE EDUCATION QUESTION,

The Chatham Trades and Labour Council wrote asking for the Council's support of a resolution de- claring that it is imperative. owing to the evergrowing and unequal burden of taxation. that the Education Acts should be amertdmend so that the whole cost in future might t.e borne by the national exchequer, thus paving the way to a uniform system of elementary and higher education available to all classes, Mr. ELLAM moved a resolution in support of the above. The state of education, he said,was deplorable, and under the present system he did not see much chance of its being improved. Co-ordination was the greatest necessity. Mr. JOLLEY seconded and the motion was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD AGE PENSIONS.

Mr. Frank Rogers, s t;;--t-te National Com- mittee of OrgnnizedLabour, wrote urging the Council to join in a movement to force the Old Age Pensions Question to the front in the House of Commons. He suggested that letters should be sent to the Prime Minister, the Borough Member, and the Prospective Candidate to nscertain.their views on the question.

Councillor STOTT said that if the workers could per- suade the Government to adopt some system of old age pensions' a considerable saving of money would be expected. It cost much more to keep people in the Workhouse than it would grant them old age pensions. On the motion of Mr.ELLAm seconded by Mr. SMITH it was decided to take the steps recommended in the letter. •

- .. -- --.44.

A JUDGE'S "JOKES."

The " Solicitors' Journal " refers to Mr. Justice Darling in these terms :—" Nature does not seem to have endowed him with the faculty of making a jest which would pass muster outside the walls of his court. His so-called jokes. if uttered by a professional jester of the sawdust, tveuld ensure his immediate dismissal."

===== 0002601_19050617_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
THOUSANDS ARE,

.0 t n. T . . 414 ...,n ,ALTv.i'l'r 10. •...,•• • • • v- 4- 4- • ,ve.;,1.41, .....-. • ~,,,,r„,,,nor ...„...........4- .1 .., Ir.: Fit ..—^'^•`•n. e..„*S-",, ;;;;7.1,, \ ,?i,::: • ' 1...:: ii.'" A.,' ',......: %'-.- a . -• 4,4 : i'i-.:..•1' •,0,....0'.,,•,1k.:40:::1!,,r,-,-,. 1 ; I .t, ' ...' ^Zo'4'4 . 05,,1MM., k't- • ~..., . , , %if 1.60, k r• . a -.GAR c -•- 1 ''. ,'... .. ,(5 i 4 .... .... t, 1.0 ,''' , t • __101,00N,:.:444, i LARGEST" l' t,LASS'47luS•rti ''' 1-,.‘• , 4.. Vt,i.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
CORNWALL

THE

r raish Riviera.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Do you want a Propert

===== 0002601_19050617_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
For BILE, LIVER ACID

===== 0002601_19050617_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
he BEST £5 Keyless Watch, is

===== 0002601_19050617_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
BENSON'S

or Business for your Cash?

===== 0002601_19050617_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
IREST OFFICE TO-DAY.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
TY, INDIGESTION, ecc.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS.

Registered No. 40,37 E. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED.

Used In the Boys! Laus.drise. should be used in every house. Onre tried, Maass awed. MAKEI OLD LINEN LIKE NEW boon ever °need to the 'Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces, Jco. It does not stick to spider-weo- Ike materials. Sold everywhere In Packets at Id.. 31., end 6d. each. PREPARED ONLY BY

T. CRICTFILEIY. Chemist. BLROKBURN. 7. rinftecroce etrect, London, •

0, , The.gree,

===== 0002601_19050617_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT RELIEF, RAP".D CURE

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM.

BADE'S PILLS.

"I TAKE NO OTHER!" 13, Robin Hood-street, Isle-of-Wight. _ November 29th, 1904.

Dear Sir,—l feel it a great _pleasure to droP you a line to say how much good I have derived through using your Rheumatio Pills. I have had Rheumatism off and on for several years. I was recommended to use your Pills and SINCE USING THEM I TARE NO OTHER. I have likewise recommended them to others and they also wish me to let yon know what good theyare doing them. I shall recommend them to all I know suffering from Rheumatism. You can make what use you like of this. I remain, Yours trulv, JOHN CHAMBERS.

EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are • perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. 4cl. and 2s. 9d. or swat post free for stamps or P.O. by tiT proprietor,' GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London.

EADE'S GOUT & R

I_

===== 0002601_19050617_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
SICK-HEADACHE,

INDIGESTION,

===== 0002601_19050617_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
LOSS OF APPETITE,

CONSTIPATION.

km Sold everywhere in boxes, price . 411111111%,.. Lillirilial ---M1N1M......111111.1111116110.

MONEY.

PICTURE FRAME,

FURN/ShER

ROOM AND DADO MOULDINGS.

finglieh and Foreign Picture Frames. livery requisite for the trade. litegildiog Speciality. Largest of biOnl,fings In the 1i djm. ',end for P BL,OK, 160 pages, With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps.

INIPOKTitti OF` (*LASS. GLASS STOCK LISTS PIII4B ON APPLICATION.

H. MORELL, 179 18, CHEAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.C. wAreb....... 11, 12.ahci 13, heel'a Yar4. and 41. Neal Street. (in the rear). Telegraphic Address; —" Rabbitry. London." Telephone 1,1135 ILlentral

pLACARDS. EXTRA LARGE MK OUR speciality.

TRADE PEINrING of every deecription.

POSTERS A SPECIALITY.

JOHN WALKER & CO.

pRICK LISPS Printed on card or paper lllUS- rated, if required.

• ELEPHO I O. a. aY . NE NT "5"

PROGRAMMES FOR FETES,

CONCERTS SOIREES BALLS

TEA PARTIES SERMONS

MEETINGS &c., &c

BOOKBINDIMS, PAPBR RULERS, arc.. JOHN WALKER & CO. R ULES PRINTED and BOUND for Oldie Howe Foresters, Druids, Shepherds' Sick, Burial* and Trade Societies.

MEMORANDA AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION TRUST DEEDS aND SHARE CERTIFICATES FIFCUTED •T SHORT NOTICREI. 'REPORTS AND 1141ANCk -sDH (ITS. PAMPHLETS, TRADE CATALOGUES, AND GENERAL PRINTING OP MYR/a DESCRIPTION AT JOHN WALKER & CO..

EXAMINIIII. OFFICE.

BEWSEY SIREET, WARIIINGTON.

li 1.,-,... ..,tt\ witeetr,T ..0. ,

===== 0002601_19050617_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ALL KINDS OF BRAT

CIRCULARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of tho beat workmanship.

1 ANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Eervices of song. Festivals. &.e

PROGUA MM IC for Rntertainments, Concerts, tc.c.. in the latest arttstic style.

swE, RECEIPT, and SSUBSCRIP, lON BOOKS rtinted. Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

eATALOGIJE3 for Public and Private Libraries Auctioneers .nd Tradesmen.

pvoicEs. Ruled or Plain, printed to any siza or ottern on bue, white or fancy paper.

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUC '‘TION AL WORKS.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIALLY SUITABLE FOR

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY

EADE'S PILLS.

"QUITE CURED APTER TWO DAYS !! " Mona Cottages, Coalville, Leicestershire, June 4th, 1904. Dear Sir,—l thank you for the good I have received from your Pills. I had a very bad attack about two months ago and tried almost everything, but got no better. I tried your Pills and am glad to say that AFTER TAKING THEM FOR TWO DAYS WAS QUITE CURED Iwas so bad for a month I could hardly get downstairs Beinga ruiner you may guiss how I suffered, but thanks to your Pillar have never felt the least pain since. I recommend them to everybody myself. Yours gratefully, JAMES WRIGHT.

EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in- jurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE RABE, 232, Goswell road, London. - EUMATIC PILLS. '

. , .- 4,,, -...-•., I ..,/,,,, Y rs, . 4k.,:mw ~,..v.•,* ''''i.!l(i,.)4l*,?A::.`*-.k'tZo 5f.r."401;71-;•=4: ' Ilk h„La :lk,:";i4e-tel •,,...Zdt."-;;;Ttr.,..."''' --,=.-.;.;4: ~. ,4,,::%-=',...0),. ;•".....--Ctst,;•.-:,--.-3.-z-----_::,:z...‹.!:. FEMALES OF An AGES. Pi ~,x 114 (56 pills) & 219 (168 pills). 4

===== 0002601_19050617_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19050617_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases seal their names and addresses to the 'Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matters intended fa:publication must be written .on ohe side onl,y of the paper, and sent in, if possible, not later than Thursday.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
The Bishops and the Sunday Liquor Traff.

Sir,—lt is said, and I believe trnly, that the brewing and distilling of intoxicating drinks cannot be carried on without Sunday labour, and candid publicans will admit that Sunday in one of their mot profitable days. Now these liquor manufactories and their 120,000 retail shops, together with the Sunday trippers who drive about in search of fresh air and the refreshments of the

public-house, must involve more than two millions of human beings, to say nothing of animals, in the total loss of the rest which they should enjoy on the seventh day of every week. This turning of the day which God % intended for a blessing to His creatures into a curse cannot fail to attract the attention of the Bishops, those . . .

highly salaried conservators of the State relidio'n, and it will be deeply interesting to notice their methods of dealing with it. , No longer ago than the 29th of May last His Grace of Canterbury brought into the House of Lords what he very rightly described as "a very modest measure," the ales of which was to restrict Sunday drinking to two hours. But thinking perhaps, that he had gone too far in the direction of reform, he immediately afterwards tacked a little and declared that " No one in his senses

would dream of bringing about a condition of things which would constitute a grievanoe to a large number of English citizens," Or, in other words, the man would be a fool who, in obedience to a Divine command, would shut the doors of the public-house on Sunday against its customers ! His Right Reverend brother of Chichester was equally outspoken. He boldly declared that" He would not close thepublic-houses altogether, even if he had the power to-morrow, but they ought to be conducted under 'restrictions whic seemed co be good to those for whose convenience they were opened." The interpretation of this is, that the publicans and their customers should themselves have the power , of opening and closing in their own hands. And his Grace of London followed in the same

spirit. His counsel was, "Let the working man have his Sunday beer to drink at home by all means but let them (by the bill) try to stop the 'soaking 'that went on in public houses betweenene and three on Sundays" What a humiliating picture of Sunday afternoon in the tap room is suggested by the Bishop's verb ! Comment en this Episcopal pleading for the publican and his friend the workingman is not required. The language is plain and indicates as clearly as words can do that the Bishops desire the continuance of the Sunday traffic although they are well aware, as who is not, that it openly tramples upon one of the most beneficent laws of God, and leads poor frail men into the paths of ruin. But how amazing and painful it must seem to Chris- tian men that the Bishops had not one word to say on behalf of Him whoseduly accredited ministers they pro- fess to be. Not only was His name excluded from the debate, but the very commandment by which He forbids all Sunday work and trading was absolutelyignored ! I am always averse to imputing motives as thelAlmighty alone can search the springs of all our actions. But in this most important instance the reasons for the Bishops' apparent neglect of dutyto God have an earthly origin and lie on the surface., Whatever doubts I may have regarding their claim too heavenly calling. I am certain that they are the servants of the King of Eng- land from whom they received their offices, and to whom, on bended knees, they do haulage. Now it happens that the King's Goverment is very largely in- terested in the liquor traffickers on account of the revenue which they derive from them. A wordly policy therefore, prompts the Bishops to be generous to the trade" in order that they may secure the confidence and favour of the king and his ministers. But what a policy !—Yours truly, lONA. _

June, 1905. P.S.--I am indebted to " The Manchester Guardian" of the 30th ult., for the quotations in this letter.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
Religious Instruction--- Rev. Morley Stevenson's Reply.

Sir,—The Rev. H. Dunnico has referred at some length to a sermon which I preached a short time ago on this subject. I am anxious to make my utterances on this question clear and unambiguous and will there- fore again ask for some of your valuable space for a reply which I will make as brief as possible. On the general question I think Mr. Dunuico has misunderstood my attitude. He writes as if my object was to magnify the Church of England and belittle the work of other bodies. Nothing: was further from my intention. I was addressing a Church of England congregation and was trying to shOw them that our Church had done much for the cause of religious education in the past and that we should be prepared to carry on the same work in the future. At the same time I endeavoured to remove some misapprehensions concerning the Educa- tion Act of 1902. Let rue repeat again what I stated in my sermon that I gladly recognize the valuable educa- tional work which has been done by the British and Foreign School Society, the Roman Catholics, the Wes- leyans and others. Ido not wish to compare one with another. In this matter we,as citizens of a great empire andas subjects of the King of Kings, carry on the work of education as a high and sacred duty. Whoever will help in this work is welcome, be his creed what it may. So far, generally. Now let me allude to some of the special points Mr. Dunnico has raised. Mr. Dunnico does not agree with me that the S.P.C.K. in the 17th century did a great work for the education of the people and that the work became so great that early in the next century the National Society was formed to carry it on. Ido not know why be doubts this. Ile will find it described in Overton's Life in the English Church 1661-1714" and perhaps I may add the following short quotation from Lecky's "England in the Eighteenth Century" Vol. 11. p. 516. One of the most important functions of the Society for the Promotion of ChristiPn Knowledge was the establishment of Charity Schools which multiplied rapidly under Anne ln the fifteen years ending in 1712 as many as 117 schools were set up in London and Westminster and nearly 5,000 children were taught in them." .

Let: it be remembe;ed that these schools, which in 1712 numbered 500 throughout the country, educated, clothed and fed the children without tiny payment, grant or rate. The whole cost was borne by voluntary contributions. That the National Society grew out of the S.P.C.Ii. is clearly stated in "Elementary Education " published by the National Society and unless Mr. Dunnico has any proof to offer to the contrary, I must maintain the accuracy of what I said. I am obliged to him, however' ' for pointing out the slip I made in stating that the Society was founded in 1801 instead of 1811. I do not know how I came to make the mistake, though for the purpose of my argument, it is not material. Mr. Dunnico's account of the foundation of the British and Foreign and the National Societies seems to me one-sided and I cannot agree with his view. But this is a matter of opinion and I am only concerned with facts.

/cannot notice all the points raised bylAr,Dannico con- cerning the money collected for the building of schools. am not coacerned just now with the Sunday School question. lam glad to hear that Free Churchmen have given so generously and consider that they are entitled to great credit for what they have done. I am quite aware that some of the funds contributed by Com- panies have been given .with the primary object of staving off a school-board rate, but having made all allowance for these and other facts I still abide by my opinion that £50,000 does not exaggerate the amount given by Church people in this town for the building of schools. 1 say again it is a gift for which we, of the present day, should be grateful and one which should be an example to us and to those who come after us. Lastly Mr. Dunnico thinks lam wrong in saying that the teaching of the great days of the Christian year could not be given in an Huidenominational school. I am delighted to hear it and accept his correction with pleasure. Every point on wEic,h we can establish agree- ment brings us nearer to unity. It does not, however, touch my contention that tindenominational teaching leaves many things untaught which we feel strongly ought to be taught. lam sorry that Mr. Dunnico has referred to Mr. Boucher's unfortunate book. lam sure that he is too fair and generous a controversialist to have done so, had he known the circumstances. Mr. Boucher was for A011:10 years Principal of a Training College. He was asked to send in his resignation because the committee disapproved of the teaching he gave on the relations of the Church to Nonconformity. Some years after his resignation he published his book. It has never been used in any college, and has been condemned on the highest authority. It cannot be said to be a fair repre- sentation of the teaching given by the church of England, and ought not to he quoted as being so. The Principal of any Training College would repudiate the passages quoted by Mr. Dunnico, as strongly as he would himself. I cannot understand the last paragraph of Mr. Dunnico's address:—"The schools belonged to thepeople were paid for by the people "&e. What does this mean?' confess Ido net know. Every child and every teacher . . freo fromall sectarian tests." What sectarian test is imposed upon any child? I do not know. Ido not care for any political victory, but I do care for the religious education of the children. I believe it will be anevil day when under the colour of banishing sectarian tests, all religious teaching is driven out of our schools, and I trust that day may never come.—l am, sir, your obedient servant,

MOI3UY STEVENSON.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
DRUIDS CONFERENCE. Motion for the Exclusion of Warrington Delegates BRO.)NWID HOUGHTON ELECTED GRAND MASTER.

'The annual conference in connection with the order of Druids was opened at Crewe on Tuesday. Prior to the conduct of the ordinary business there was some con- siderable discussion as to the position of the Warring- ton ' delegates, the district accounts not having been paid. The rule relating to the subject ordered that no district whose accounts were not paid should be allowed •to send delegates to the conference unless a satisfactory reason was given for the non-payment of the account. The Grand Secretary read a letter sent by the War- rington District to the Board of Management, in which the reasons for the attitude assumed by the district were set forth. They complained that fair treatment had not been meted out to them by the Board, and that the latter had on that account lost the confidence of the district. . . . .

Bro. Smith (Newcastle) moved "That in the opinion of the delegation the explanation gives by the Warring- ton district be not considered satisfactory, and that consequently its delegates be not allowed to sit." The Warrington District said that the Board had lost its confidence, and yet he found it was making an appeal to the,Order that had forfeited its confidence. If the Dis- trict intended to make au appeal, or have any dealings with them, it ought first of all to have kept itself within the letter of the law—(hear, hear)—and made its dele- gates eligible. As it had failed to do so be begged to move that the rule be carried out, and that the Warring- ton delegates he not allowed to sit. A Glasgow delegate seconded. The Grand Treasurer said he should perhaps surprise them by asking them not to pass the resolution. He would give them his reasons. They had upon their busi- ness sheet an important matter, of which it had been truly said, they had seen the first that morning. The mere fact that such an appeal was before their gathering should lead them to give the Warrington district every opportunity—for full and clear investigation into the subject. The Board were on their defence, and as a member of the Board he could say that they were per- fectly clear and agreed on the subject. The Board knew that they had a clean sheet before them. The mere exclusion of the delegates from Warrington could simply be regarded as a somewhat harsh act, and he himself would far rather strain a point in the other direction than be accused of unfairness. (Hear, hear.) Let them be fair to everybody; and though he was perfectly aware, and agreed with Brother Mellor and everybody else that the rule had been broken—and he would punish the breach in a way—let them say this that whatever money was owing the Board could find means of compelling its payment. He appealed on behalf of the weak in this 'case, and asked them to allow the Warrington delegates to sit. Bro. Mellor said that with all clue respect to the Grand Treasurer there was a principle at stake and the rules should be strictly adhered to. (Hear, hear.) The fact of carrying out the rule would not exclude the evidence which the appeal was to bring before them. He would be the last one to exclude anyone from a hearing, but he contended if they were to allow breaches ' of rules in this way they did not know where they would land themselves? (Hear, hear.) The motion ef Bro. Mellor was put to the vote, and was declared lost.

THE ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The proceedings of this delegation were continued on Wednesday, in the Co-operative Hall, Crewe, Mr. R. fl. Mason, Grand Master, presiding. The report of the Grand Secretary was received and adopted. It stated that during 1904 twenty-two new lodges were opened in England, Wales, and Scotland, and all were doing well. The remainder of the morning sitting was taken up by a discussion on a notice of appeal lodged by the Warrington district against a decision of the Board of Management reinstating If prominent member of the Order who had been expelled the district for alleged offences while acting as a district officer. It was stated that the parties immediately con- cerned bad met and agreed to refer all maiters in difference, including a law suit, to arbitration, but this did not satisfy several members, who held that all charges personal to the officer in question should be withdrawn, and ultimately the matter was postponed for a further conference. The greater part of the after- noon was taken up in hearing the appeal, which resulted in the action of the board being confirmed by 40,015 votes against 1,495. The delegates then proceeded to the election of grand officers. Mr. David Houghton (War- rington) was elected Grand Master. There were four candidates tor the Vice-Grand Master- ship, and the choice fell upon Mr. G. H. Hall (Sheffield). Mr. John Wagtail, the retiring Grand Secretary, was re-elected, and the vacant Grand Treasurership was filled by the appointment of Mr. R. V. Clayton, the acting treasurer. The elections of members of the board of management and junior auditor stood over till to-day. In the evening the delegates were entertained at dinner by the Crewe District, Dr. Wilson presiding.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WHITSUNTIDE HOLIDAYS.

With such ideal weather conditions as favoured the Whitsuntide holidays it was little wonder that many Warringtonians went to seek enjoyment at seaside and country resorts. Throughout the week end there was glorious sunshine, while a breeze slightly tempered the heat. Whit Sunday was as usual observed as a great festival at the Anglican and Roman Catholic Churches, some of which were very prettily decorated. On Mon- day the town was almost deserted, for there was quite a dearth of holiday attractions. The special facilities provided by the .railway companies were largely taken advantage of and the bookings were heavier than usual. From Bank Quay station 200 booked too Wellington and Shrewsbury, 450 to Chester. 500 to North Wales, 600 to Frodsham and Helsby, 500 to Blackpool, 100 to Morecambe and Windermere, and 100 to Hooton Park. The Cheshire Lines officials booked 1,800 passengers to Liverpool, 900 to New Brighton, 900 to South. port, 150 to Douglas, and 10.00 to Manchester Cyclists were able to enjoy themselves to their hearts content, and the many picturesque spots in Cheshire were visited by the majority of wheelers. Others, how- ever, ventured further afteld and spent the week-end in touring. Altogether the Whitsuntide of 1905 will be remembered as a conspicuous success.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRAMWAY TRAFFIC.

As a pleasant means of reaching the country the tramways were largely patronized on Whit Monday, although the receipts were not quite equal to last year's. The following are the comparative returns ; WHIT MONDAY, 1905. Passengers. Receipts. ,£ s. d. Sankey Latchford Wilderspool Cemetery Longford Corporation Servants 17 2 --.. , -----. 19,627 £7316 11

WHIT .NIONILiY, 1904. £ S. d. Sankey Latchford Viilderspool Cemetery Longford Corporation Servants 20

£7B 16 1 PROCESSIONS AT RUNCORN.

At Runcorn on Whit Monday the usual Friendly ' Society and Sunday school demonstrations took place. The procession of Friendly Societies in the morning WM witnessed by large crowds, and the tableaux and other pleasing features of the various lodge displays came in for much admiration. Equally successful were the three processions of Church of England, Noncon- formist and St. Edmunds' Roman Catholic Sunday schools. The Parish Church School assembled at the National Schools in Church-street, and was there joined by Holy Trinity Church School, Mill Brow Mission School, St. Michael's School. and the Mersey Mission to Seamen's School. Proceeding by the route of Regent-street, High-street, Bridge-street, Heath-road, Victoria-road, and Greenway-road, they visited the Vicarage where a brilliant scene was enacted on the lawn, the Volunteer Band and the band of the training ship Indefatigable playing appropriate selections. Afterwards the chil- dren dispersed to an adjoining field where games were indulged in. Eventnally they were marched back to their respective schools and provided with tea. The Nonconformist schools also made a pleasing and lengthy procession. They paraded the town in the following order :—Baunswick, St. John's Bethesda, Greenway- road Primitive Methodist, St. Luke's, Halton-road Wesleyan, United Methodist Free Church, Camden, Nelson-street ‘Vesleyan. Ashbridge-street Primitive Methodist, and the Salvation Army. Brunswick were headed by the Volunteer Band, while the Salvation Army(who conducted a special mission all Whitsuntide) had the assistance of a number of instrumentalists from Liverpool. St. Edward's School, made a very pretty picture, the dressing of the younger children being admirable. They were headed by their own band.

Temperance Work at Southport Shore On Wednesday the Police Court Missionaries of the C.E.T.S. attended the above with their tert and made and distributed free nearly one hundred gallons of the temperance drinks, hopkos and stokos. The drinks were made on the spot by Messrs. Taylor and Gold- stone. Very many expressed themselves favourably with regard to the drinks " very good," and "first class " being the general expressions of opinion. Several thousand recepies were also given away. These drinks are now being very much used by farmers and in large works in place of alcholic drinks,

===== 0002601_19050617_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

_ 1 himself by - 'scoring three goals. Lomax and i B farther aurrmented the St. Helens lead. 1 arrows 0 THE STORY OF THE BEEF TRUST. 1 Warrington tried in vain to lower the visitors' I goal, and half-time arrived with Si. Helens Cricket. I ahead by six goal's to nil. The second half was A Trail of Blood. • . I much more evenly contested, but although Warrington A-splendid victory over Prescot marked Warring- ton's -resumption of League cricket on Saturday.' The match was played at Prescot under ideal conditions, a goal by A. Ashton. St. Helens added another goal , and the Warriugtonians may be pardoned for feeling (by Lomax) to their record, and the final result was a proud of their achievement.- Going to the wicket victory for the visitors by seven goals to one. --- first, the Warrington batsmen made matters distinctly The second team should have met Chester, but as lively for the home bowlers and fielderS. They hit out with retreshing vig air and when the total had ! the Cestrians were not able to raise a team a friendly match with St. Helens second was arranged. There reached22o with only seven wickets down,it was thought time to declare. The Prescot eleven made a compara• : was some exciting play, the result being a draw of 1 three goals each, In the first half Warrington tively poor show and were all dismissed for 101. Altogether the afternoon's play was very gratifying to defended the deep end and were unable to sc ,re whereas three goals were registered for the visitors. the Warrington supporters who are hoping that this improved Corm will be maintained throughout the . After the interval Warrington attacked strongly, and i competition. Pemberton and Rathbone (2) sent in successful shots.

Mason, the Warrington professional, is deserving of special congratulation. He is proving himself a decided acquisition to the team, and his performance on Saturday was in a great measure responsible for the victory. He batted in brilliant style for 66, and his chief hits included twelve fours. He bowled too, with deadly effect, and captured all the nine wickets which fell at a cost of 42 runs.

It will be remembered that last season the Works squadron competition proved a great success. A shield was kindly presented by Sir Gilbert G reenall and the trophy will be held for the ensuing twelve months by Pearson and Knowles. An interesting feature of Tuesday evening's proceedings was the presentation of the shield to Pearson and Knowles squadron by Sir Gilbert Greenall who in a brief speech expressed regret that Lady Greenall was unable to attend. He wished the club every success, remarking that swimming was a good and healthy exercise, and every man and woman ought to learn the art.

E. A. Connor, the Warrington captain, also dis- tinguished, himself stith the bat, his score of 45 being made in less than one hour. He hit tea boundaries. It is noteworthy that P. B. Hawtin, W. H. Podmore, and A. Thewlis each knocked up 22.

Mr. Truelove accepted the cup, and briefly- replied, thanking Sir Gilbert Greenall. Gold centred medals were presented to the members of the team, viz.: Messrs. A. G. Robertson, C. Woods, F. Gardner, and A. Warhurst. A hearty 'vote of thanks was accorded to Sir Gilbert Greenall, on the motion of Mr. Edward Draper, seconded by Mr. R. T. Harding who advanoed the suggestion that there should be championship for competition by lady swimmers.

, On the Preseot side, S. H. Lyon was the top snorer his innings realizing 29.

After an exciting finish, Warrington second triumphed over Prescot by 21. It was not until the last over had been announced and a quarter to eight had arrived that the last Prescot wicket fell, and War- rington were thus able to avenge their first defeat of the season. J. VT. Bibby figured in the Warrington eleven and compiled an excellent 41. Plinston bowled very effectively, taking six wickets for 49 runs.

The Pearson and Xnowles squadron next tried con- clusions with the following team representing the Rest : —C. Turner, E. W. Wirren, T. Blower, and H Ince. The forge team showed that they retain the splendid form which gained them the shield, and won by several yards,

The West Lancashire League table up to June 10th is as follows :

FrasT DtvlsroN.

P. W. L. D. P. Stanley Warrington Newton St. Helens Raul St. Helens Earlestown Prescot SECOND Dryings, P. W. L. D. Pts. Prescot Newton 4 2 1 1 5

The first round of the' fifty yards club handicap was also decided. The winners of heats were : —Heat 1, W. Massey and W. Dunn; heat 2, C. Turner, J. Peers and F. Gardner (dead heat) ; heat 3, Barker and H. Ince. The final result was: 1, W. Dunn; 2, W. Massey; 3, J. Peers.

‘E;rlesto wn

Warrington St. Helens St. Helens Recs. Stanley

Under the rules as amended the points governing the Competition now are, 2 for a win, 1 br a draw or a tie.

Any match prevented from being commenced by weather shall be counted a drawn game.

Warrington visited Preston on Thursday and' the friendly match resulted in a draw. A capital wicket had been prepared, such as the average batsman delights to operate on, and winning the toss Mr. E. A. Connor decided to take advantage of it. The chief feature of the Warrington display was the brilliant hitting of the captain who in the course of an hour pat together 77. He hit one six and nine fours. On the Preston side Chew was the best batsman, coin- piltng 59 in forty minutes. He also came out with a capital bowling average, taking 3 wickets for 14 runs.

St. James's accounted for Penketh Friends' School. The victorious eleven had the assistance of the ReV. D. R. Davies, who is quite an enthusiast and rendered particularly good service with the ball. J. Eaton (25), batted well.

Warrington Secindary S3hool had little difficulty in disposing of Cheshire Lines Engineers second. It. A. Albery (53) batted in grand style for the victors, his score being made up of four•fours, seven threes and six twos.

Grappgnhall gained a surprisingly easy victory over Ashton Hayes, W. Cartlr (32) heading the batting list.

Penketh entertained Winstanley Park, and had the best of matters, thanks to the batting of Ward (M and effective bowling by Houghton, Ward and Upson.

Bowling. Local greens received their full share of patronage last week-end despite the general exodus from the town some good Vplay was witnessed. The Cemetery Hotel players held their opening main on Monday and the ultimate victory lay with T. Ellison, though be did not claim the premier honours without a stiff fight with W. T. Berry. There was a cessation of hostilities in connection with the League clubs on account of the holding, of the second of a series of individual mains. This was opened on the Bull's Head green on Saturday and concluded on Tuesday evening, R. Rothwell claiming the honours of the day by defeating J. Bolton.

The fixtures in connection with the Warrington and District League will be resumed to-day. The stiffest struggle will rekit between Sankey and Fearnhead who meet on the Chapel House Green. In the other two matches the home teams, Bull's Head and Horse and Jockey will almost certainly defeat respectively the Penketh and cemetery representatives.

Another interesting fixture was decided on the Swan Hotel Green on Saturday. when 32 married and single men of the neighbourhood had an exciting struggle, the victory resting with the married men by 10 points. The bachelors started well and as the result of the first two games had a lead of 13 points. Five victories to the married men placed them in arrears but they were not pointed to remain for long in a disadvan• tageous position, as four games later they held a substantial lead. The decisions in the next three encounters reduced their lead to one of two pints and naturally all was excitement when the last two men entered the green. W. Holloway successfully upheld the honour of the married men and defeating F. Dooley 11-0 gave his side the victory.

In connection with the Works Competition further progress was made in the contest for the Finlayson cup. Rylands Bros. (No. 1) and Crosfield's met in the first round, the former team qualifying for the second stage in the competition. A lead gained by Crosfield's as the result of the first game was almost immediately lost and for the remainder of the match they were unable to wrest the advantage for their opponents who ran out winners by 27 points. Rylands team have however, probably run their race as their chances of beating the Pearson and Knowles team in the second round are far from rosy.

As was expected Stubbs fell easy victims tp the L. and N.-W. team, who intend making a strong bid for the championship. Stubbs early on lost their opportunity, the first four games giving their opponents le - de '

===== 0002601_19050617_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Cycling.

The Whitsuntide tours proved highly successfuLfor the weather was ideal and the roads were in excellent condition. About twenty members of the Warrington Cycling Club visited Ellesmere and the Vale of Dan- gollen and the outing must rank among tha most successful ever organised by the club. Me outward journey was made via Chester, Erbiscock, Overton and Bangor-on-Dee and Saturday night was spent at the Red Lion at Ellesmere. On Sunday the party went on to Oswestry, where a halt was made for lunch, and afterwards rode through GobYwen and Chirk to Llan- gollen, putting up at the Evion Hotel. On Monday the machines were mounted early, and after a short stay in Chester, the cyclists varied the route to Warrington by calling at °Luton Park, where several hours were pleasantly spent at the military fete. For a continuous round of pleasure the tour has perhaps never been excelled in the history of the club.

On Monday a good muster of club members who had not joined the touring party visited Oulton Park. Delamere Forest is at present cooking at its best, and the ride through the beautiful • lanes, almost arched with trees, was thoroughly appreciated. Owing to the unsettled weathe there was only a srattll turnout for the run to Tabley on Tuesday evening.

Sandiway was the destination of the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan C.C. on Saturday, and a dozen members enjoyed a spin to that pretty village. On Whit Mon- day a very pleasant time was spent at Chester.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAPPENHALL PARISH COUNCIL.

County Council Expenditure.

A meeting of the Grapenhall Parish Council was held on Tuesday evening in the schools, Grappenhall, when there were present Messrs. Lister-Kaye (in the chair) Jenkins, Waring, Rathbone, Ellison, Warburton, SAnce, Lieutenant Avery and S. J. Woodcock (clerk). ..

===== 0002601_19050617_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY COUNCIL EXPENDITURE.

The Clerk-wd-that, as instructed, he had written to the Clerk of the County Council and the Runcorn Rual District Council with respect to the increase of county expenditure, and had received a reply from the County Council stating that the Council were giving considera- tion to the question and that the increa.sed duties im- posed by Parliament on County Council involved addi- tional expenditure without any corresponding grants having been made in aid thereof. Mr. Jenkins said he was pleased to find that local bodies were taking the matter up. He had also been pleased to.flnd that Mr. Hallows, the representative of Stockton Heath or the District Council, spoke particu- larly strongly on the ppint. He was,however,rather sur- prised to find him going back on his word when he said that he did not see how the Runcorn Rural District Council could effect any saving. They were, he thought,'very greatly indebted to Mr. J. Charlton Parr for the step he took in bringing the resolution he did before the Ches- hire County Council. There were some remarks made by certain gentlemen there wlaich were anything but gentlemanly. (flear, hear). He moved " That this Council desires to place on record its thanks to Mr. Parr, the chairman, for having brought forward the resolution against the excessive expenditure of the County Council, and trust that the success attending the passing of that resolution by the County Council will be seen in a speedy curtailment of the expenses and a corresponding reduction in the rates." (Hear, hear). Lieutenant Avery seconded, and the motion was carried unanimously. THE QUESTION OF ASSESSMENT. The Clerk read a letter from the County Council stating that the County Rate Basis Committee proposed to revise the county rate basis now in force for Grappenhall for the purpose of meeting the partial changes that had occurred in the rateable value of property situated therein, and, subject to say objections that might be made thereto, to alter such basis or standard and to fix the same at £9,633 the assessable value under the Agricultural Rates Act, being £8,647. The Clerk stated that their gross valuation was £10,144 ss. During the past half year they had increased the valuation by £5OO. They were about £2OO less to be assessed on than the valuation was so that they were on the right side. (Ilea; bear).

===== 0002601_19050617_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S QUESTION

ANSWERED.

The evidence of our_neigybours—Warrington men and

women—so many oases of which have been given in these columns during the put few years, has not been without its weight here in Warrington, for we have faith in a neighbour's word. But there was still one question: Would the cures p!ore lasting ? For that is the true test of a cure. A ringing Warrington answer is given here :—" So thorough and complete was the cure of my Dr —kac

a lead of ten points. C. Robert—s was unabt to do ' Kidney trouble by Doan's Backache Kidney Pills," says anything against 3. T. Whittle, and Stubbs were placed ; Miss Jane ' Ledbnry. of 43, Allen-street, War.ringtou, still further in arrears. P. Wright set his side a good 1 `t`tahtattimle. haven't needed to use any of the medicfnesince h example by defeating J. Mercer. It at first appeared as though he was to give his opponent a most thorough ynoinretahlaits this e how as o mopvleert et umroy acriltiliea whaalsf. ffi r beating. carrying the score to 8-0. Mercer, however, goes to shew the remarkable eciacy of a got into the inn of the green, and ran the score to itspecials re Om "When I tell special complaint. Personally, I 10-13, being however defeated 15-U. Wright's efforts never had any faith in'tiaese medicines, which claim to eaagyeOdUywf or a were however, not supported, and in the end Land cure every kind a allnient. So many of my friends N.:-W. won by 37 points. : had used these # cure-alls,' and, while they had been in I better health for a day or two, they had soon fallen °m Backacheo ney o n s such Kidney things . back, and been worse than ever. It doesn't stand to reason that any medicine can cure all manner of diseases, Pills I had been Iw' a oßleliravoirnceetvlimeursNetvde lumbago s waste may mbago and other forms of kidney i trouble for four years. The pains across the small of 'my back were simply agonising. My kidneys seemed very weak, and my back wouldn't stand the least strain. r ec I obtained some of Doan's Backache Kidney Pills, the i great kidney spec fie, to try,and I found them to be all that I had heard my fellow-townspeople say they were— thoroughly reliable and efficient—for they cured me recommend that right after I had been using them only a week or so. Seeing, ght splendidupt o to-day an mosthave d sincerely ; that medi- cine." Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings and ninepence per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings as sc I said, a i them cureo hasen and ninepence). Of all chemists and stores,M or post free, on receipt of price, direct from Foster-cClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street,London, W. Be sure you get the same kind of pills as Miss Ledbury had.

To-day two more nintelie4 will he played in the second round, and Richmond's and Whitecross (No. 1) should enter the third round. Their opponent's will be Longford and Thewlis and Griffiths.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
Water Polo.

Warrington. have not opened their season in very promising style. Last week they were defeated by St. Helene away, and in the return match at the Corporation baths on Tuesday evening, they again fared badly. As the meeting was the first Warring- ton engagement of the season, a particularly attractive programme had been arranged, and there was a fair attendance. Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., who takes considerable interest in the club, presided.

From the spe. ctators' point of view, the polo match was disappointing, S. Helens having very litttle

===== 0002601_19050617_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
' culty in outplaying the home team. Daring the first [ FRENZIED FINANCE. half St- Helens were almost continuously on the i , attack, Ripley, the international,distinguishing .. _ -a

[By Mr. H. Whitham.]

Two thousand miles away from home. In the midst or slaughterdom, where I can hear, of the ways and doings of men bent, not on making a mere competence, but whose every energy is devoted to a soul-enslaving life-long chase of the everlasting dollar, —not only can I hear,but being very favourably located for seeing all that the ' Picking business means I may be able to say a word in defence of the ' Packer ' as well as vent my scorn of him as a dollar chaser. For the English reader, it may be desirable to explain that a 'Packing ' house is simply a slaughter house, and the boss, however rich he may be, just a butcher and nothing else. Leaving California on the 17th May, we, my wife and I, reached Nebraska on the 20th, riding night and Iday over long dreary and wearying stretches of prairie land. Not a tree, pot a shrub to be seen. Years ago the buffalo roamed these prairies, now nothing but the coyote and the jack rabbit find an existence possible with the wild sage bush. Possibly the near future may alter all this. We have in Cali- fornia a magician of the name of Burbark. Having done wonderful things with spuds, fruits, and flowers, he has turned his attention to the prickly cactus. This seemingly useless prickly plant finds its habitat on the sandy wastes, and to a limited extent ventures on the prairie. Mr. Burbark is sure to be successful in robbing this plant of its prickles. He will make it produce large pads of moist flesh-producing meat, and the prairie of the.future having lost the buffalo, will feed the cattle future, Englishmen will eat. Irrigation will step in and a neyr world will be discovered. Riding in a tourist car for two thousand miles at a stretch is quite an experience. One makes acquaintance with all sorts and conditions of men, and it was my good fortune to have some long and interesting talks with one, who, as breeder, feeder and salesman, knew well of what he was speaking. A man of considerable culture, he could describe the conditions without introducing any bitter feeling. He had managed to look after number one, and not having run against ruin had kept his Balance, and the following story, while not my travel- ling friend's, is very similar in most of its details, and I give it with every confidence in its truth. When a man's years are verging on the allotted span of the .Psalmist he is often tempted to turn his mind's eye on the past and do some big thinks. Take all that is meant by the word competi)- tion. The times and times the word has slipped off my pen nib, and how I have abused it. Now that I see in the survival of the fitterst the death-blow being given to the word and its ways. I wonder that the resources of civilization had no easier way of arriving at a desired end. Was it not possible to kill com- petition without the attendant misery the Trusts have brought about? It certainly was. But that's another story.

M. L. E. Russell, writing of the Beef Trust's opera- tions in the cattle markets and upon the vast cattle industries of the West, shows how the destruction of competitive buying impoverished farmers, ruined cattle raisers, drove banks into liquidation and men to suicide. He tells how the Trusts inflicted losses estimated at 12,500,000 dots., in lowa and 10,000,000 dols., in South Dacota, and how the markets were manipulated and controlled for Trust profits. He relates how it came about that one buyer was all buyers and one market all markets In a word, how " success " was gained and the fittest survived. .

The success of Gustavus Swift with his refrigerator car overturned the whole world's methods of food supply. Formerly, the corn to feed cattle had been carried from Western farms to the East ' • now on the farms where it had been grown it was fed to cattle that were slaughtered not far away, and only the net result in dressed beef must needs be transported. Indiana and Colorado ceased to be dependant on the corn market and turned their attention to cattle. Com- munities that once had lived by selling corn cow became corn buyers. From this point we go a little forward and touch or notice the raising of cattle, the building up of the framework,and on to the "finishing" or feeding on corn for six or eight months when they are delivered to Chicago, Omada, Kansas City, St. Joseph, or St. Louis to be slaughtered. Here the question of capital strikes us. To have range-cattle the farmer must buy and ship them to his farm. This needs 'capital and the farmer must in most cases be carried by his local bank, until he effected the sale of his fat cattle. A. great- business grew up for the country bank. Now we get on the trail of blood, and remember that while corn gets higher in price, the cost of the workman's dinner also climbs up, yet, all the time, the selling price of cattle is going down, because the bid of one firm of buyers was the bid of all firms, One market was all markets.

From July 1903 to July. 1904 the average loss on every head of cattle fattened and sold in the Middle West was eight dollars. The farmer's broad, patient back bore the losses, the collapse of his hopes, and even the mortgage, just as it had borne many other such loads ; but involved in the catastrophe were two factors not equally adapted to load-carrying. One was the country bank, the other the cattle-shipper. One has to be familiar with the small country towns that spread themselves through the cattle raising and cattle feeding States, to know how their prosperity depends entirely on the prosperity of the farmers. Farmer and shipper to do business must borrow money at the looal bank. When at the end of 1902 the Trust fully possessed the cattle markets and so hammered it down that shipments ceased to be profit- able, the enormous losses fell upon the shipper as well as farmer. But the shippet could not go to the farmer mortgage ; he was tight against the wall. He went into bankruptcy. Whereupon the local bank found itself in a tight place. The farmers could not pay their notes, the shippers were ruined. Scores upon scores of men who from boyhood had grown up 'to be the pillars of society, of the small churches of these prosperous little towns, owing no man anything, forming strong links in the chain that held the town- ship together were smashed. The Trusts were merciless, The South Dakota Historical Society in its annual review of the progress of the State says: —" The machination of the Beef Trust almost destroyed the flourishing live stock industry of South Dakota." This is but a cold record of an historical fact.

In September, 1904, a Mr. Franklin made a large shipment to Omaha of choice stock. When his cattle were exhibited in the Omaha yards he was astonished to find that be received,but one bid for them, and that so low that its acceptance left him with a loss. Finding this condition held firmly and protest useless, he reshipped his cattle from Omaha to Chicago. When they were pit on view at the Chicago stockyards he found that he had had his labour for his pains. There was only one bid at Chicago, and that was at pre- cisely the figures offered him at Omaha. He could take what was offered him, or ship his cattle home. He took the price: pocketed his loss, returned to Dakota, sold his herds for what he could get, and retired from the business. The estimated loss in South Dakota for 1904 is ten million dollars, in lowa were twelve million, and wherever in the middle west cattle sent to market there was an average loss of eight dollars a head. Now let us. follow this miserable and criminalj business to* a few of its results. Towns struck by a bank failure, shrivel away like burned paper, and men turn old in a clay or go mad. In the failure at Holstein the Fraternity of Modern Woodmen lost 100,000. dollars. At lowa Falls and Wapello, bank officers were sentenced to penal servitude. At Coin, the head of the wrecked bank is under indictment for yielding ' to the temptations of letting cattle men have money. ! In Colfax (4. D. Wood was looked up to as the soca of integrity ; he was the wealthiest, most active, and most respected citizen. The bank was his life and soul, he had built its prosperity. It had lent much to cattle-feeders and shippers and by mortgages on cattle. When the ' rumours came at the close of 1903 that the bank had lost heavily, and Mr. Wood assured his fellow-towns- men that the bank was all right, they believed Wood against the evidence of the market and maintained their deposits. On the evening of December 18th, 1903 two prominent business men of Colfax called at Mr. Wood's house and discussed with him the situation created by the stories of trouble in the bank. Mr.' Wood told them the stories were unfounded. Alter a time he rose and said in a quiet way you excuse me for a moment, gentlemen ? " Then he walked deliberately upstairs and killed himself. When the affairs of the bank were examined it was found to be ruined. The receiver sold at auction mortgage and other securities of a face value of more thon 100,000 dollars and received for them 631 dollars. More than half the firms in the town had deposited in

the bank and lost all their deposits.—At St. Charles, the cashier and principal stockholder in the citizens' bank was Charles Wood. He had directed the loaning of large sums to farmers to be used in buying and feeding cattle. When losses instead of profits began to be the rule in the cattle business many of the farmers were unable to meet their notes. The bank had been a sound, conservative business. It became hopelessly entangled in the cattle feeders troubles, went to wreck, and on February 11th, 1904 Mr. Wood shot himself. At Coining, F.L. La Rue cashier of the State bank of Coining, found that many of the loans he had made to the farmers could not be collected. He was short in his accounts. The bank failed, La Rue killed himself on January 27th, 1904. At Sigourney the cashire of the County savings bank, of which his , father was president, shot himself, because of failure, on January Bth, 1904. I could go on like this for , columns but will conclude the list with one tragedy that goes down to the elements of things. , H. L. Spencer was cashier of the Grinnell National Bank a post he had filled competently, and with credit to himself, the bank and its cashier stood exceedingly • well in the community. Mr. Spencer's son was assist-. ' ant cashier. On the evening of July 20, 1904, father and son were at Arbor Lake, not far from Grinnell. They took a naptha launch and steered out towards the middle of the lake. No one else was the with them. There was still light enough for people on shore to see what happened. Of a sudden the son was seen to arise, take off his coat, and cast himself over board. His father immediately followed. The father gained the shore, looked back and saw his son disappearing in the water, then the father plunged back, and both were drowned. At first these events were believed to be melancholy and inexplicable accidents. The bodies of father and son were brought to a stricken home. On the day of the funeral the Bank was closed as a mark of respect and esteem. The next day the community was startled to find the bank closed. It has remained closed ever since. Examination of the bank's affairs showed the cashier was short in his accounts, and had been short all the time he had held office. Twelve years before, his father, whom he succeeded as cashier, had been found dead. It was now learned that he had left a defalcation that the son had laboured twelve years to conceal. by constantly falsifying the statements of the bank's condition, and by manufacturing forged notes and securities to deceive the bank examiners. About 10,000c1o1s. worth of these forged notes ; was found. The grandson knew of the family ' inheritances of trouble. He seemed always oppressed by a profound melancholy, shunned society, and lived ; the life of a recluse. The .shortage itself was not large, but the bank was drifting and exposure meant ' ruin. It had 332,000 dollars on deposit, its chief customers were farmers. The work of the Beef Trust made it impossible for the family to pull up, and rather than meet disgrace they went to their deaths. The reign of this Power has been ruin and death. There is not one of those wealthy men, whether it be Rockefeller with Oil and his fortune of £100,000,000, I or Carnegie with iron and his fortune of £22,000,000, and his £50,000,000 given away, or the Beef men whose fortune cannot be got at, but are a disgrace to the twentieth century. In my next letter I propose to show the benefits the Trusts claim to have conferred on the general public. H. WHITHAM, Omaha.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
NATIONAL SERVICE LEAGUE. Annual Report of the Warrington Branch.

"THE MISLEADING ARGUMENT OF OUR

STATESMEN."

This (Saturday) afternoon the second annual meeting of the Warrington branch of the National Service League will be held at,Appleton Hall. The speakers Will inelude Mr. R. A. Yerburgh, M.P., Mr. George Shea, M.A., and Professor Roget. In their annual report the committee state :—lt is very gratifying to be able to report that the member- I ship has increased from 229 as mentioned in last year's I report to 393 this year. This has been largely due to the excellent work done by the Ladies' Committee which has been formed, thanks to the energy of Mrs. Edelsten. We axe very glad to announce that Lady Lilford has kindly consented to become president of the Ladies' Committee. We regret to announce that Mr. Haslara finds himself compelled to relinquish his duties as joint hon. secretary, and we take this oppor- tunity of thanking him for his work as secretary, especially during the formation of the Branch. A list of the principal meetings held during the year is given, and the report proceeds: We wish to thank especially those ladies who have been so kindas to hold drawing-room meetings. We are con- vinced more and more that it is these small gatherings which are the most successful, and next winter it is our intention to organise numerous small meetings rather than large ones. The latter are expensive, for it is necessary to advertise ; they are also apt to he duller than the former, at which discussion can more easily take place. We wish to remind members and associates that any one wishing to really work for the Lbague can become an hon. helper, receiving as such a Toucher book, by means of which he or she can give receipts to any persons willing to join, and also a roll to be tilled up with the names of those people who may not be in a position to pay a shilling, but who will give their signa- ture in favour of the League programme. Most useful work has beenalready done bysome of the hon. helpers; one has persuaded no less than thirty people to join the League. We are glad to note that other towns such as Manchester, Liverpool and Birmingham are following the lead of Warrington, and have already formed or are about to form Branches. So, slowly but surely, will the educative influence of the League make itself felt, despite the misleading arguments, of our statesmen. We have lately been told by our Prime Minster that six battleships and a few cruisers and submarines are sufficient to render any attempt at invasion futile. If thii is really so, why do we waste money and energy on the Volunteers? Surely the logical course for aoyone holding such opinion is to abolish them. We consider. however, that this doctrine of the impossibility of invasion is a most pernicious one for this country. We I do not think it unreasonable that we should be prepared to face the possibility of a combination of two Powers against us, and in the event of such a misfortune is it I not evident that the Navy will require to have as free a hand as possible so as to concentrate land attack •in overwhelming force, and that it will be fatal for her to be hampered by having to actually guard these shores ? For this we require a sound second line of defence on land, which we have not got at the present moment, and which we never shall have until we learn the lesson that home defence is the business of the citizens themselves. For other reasons besides military ones, we regret Mr. Balfour should have lulled the people's legitimate anxieties to sleep. Many of us believe that if the mili- tary need for compulsory service be not well proven, the ad oantages to the people of the discipline and physical development which would ensue from the adop- tion of the League's proposals are so great as to make it worth oar while on these grounds alone to introduce some such training. The evidence given before the Royal Commission on physical deterioration materially rein- forces this opinion, for the general opinion of the wit- nesses called may, be summarised thus :- 1. We do not definitely know whether the physique of the nation is going forward or backward, because we have no data. . . .

2. It would seem, however, that the physique of the upper classes is improving, while that of the working classes (exclusive perhaps of the artisan class) is deteriorating, due to the fact thatalthough the slums of our towns are better in quality they extend over a far greater area, and therefore affect a greater propor- tion of the population than formerly. 3. There is a lamentable lack of the virtues of taking pains, of cleanliness and of punctuality. Now, why is it that we are so little alarmed about the state of affairs ? Very largely because, as mem- tioned above, through lack of national returns on physique we have no positive data with which to focus public attention on these matters. National Service will at once supply this data and what perhaps will weigh far more with most of us, will directly help to remedy the failings of character above referred to. This being so, let .us continue without hesitation to help forward the day when the rising generation, rich and poor alike, shall be proud to cheerfully train for their country, and when patriotism and brotherhood in- duced by common service to the Motherland, will re- vitalise and beautify our national life. Let us not lose heart because of prejudice, ignorance and opposition. No great reform has ever yet been won without per- severance in the face of all obstacles. Let us laugh at discouragement and go forward determined "to strive, to seek, to find and not to yield." The statement of accounts shows a credit balance on the year's working of £4 is. 25., but on the general account there is a deficit of .£1 10s. 7d. (J.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

In consequence of the holidays, the attendance at the meeting of this society was notquite as large as usual on Sunday last. Mr. D. Owen presided, and made reference to the Jewish Feast of Tabernacle. Mr. W. H. Hill of Manchester was the speaker and spoke upon. " Finger Prints," with many illustrations of an interesting character from science and biblical history which were listened to with great interest. Mr. A. Cotterill, sang in his usual good stile," Glory to God." Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac., presided at the organ. Mr. A. Healey and the Ilev. John Yonge also took part in the meeting. The secretary announced that Mr. Frank Ford, the converted burglar, would speak at the Open Meeting Sunday Next.

===== 0002601_19050617_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS ----- Latest Quotations.

BANK RATE 20,, SETTLING DAY 29TH JUNE, OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOON. NAME OF COMPANY. Paid op. this day. Amount Prices BRITISH FUNDS. £ Consols 21% 100 .90i 24% Annuities 100 .94; 21% Annuities 100 .89156 Nt. War Loan 21% Red 1910 lOO .984 Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO .100 fr Bank of England Stock lOO .3011 India Stock 100 .106 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stooks and Shares. ' Caledonian lOO .114 Glasgow & S.-W. Pref. Ord. lOO .061 Great Central Deferred lOO .171 Great Central Preferred 100 .321 Great Eastern 100 .871, , Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...38, Great Western lOO .141 Lancashire and Yorkshire lOO .1091 London, Brighton & South Coast 100 ...141 London, Chatham and Dover 100 .16* London and North-Western lOO .1531, London and South-Western lOO .166/ Metropolitan lOO .93i Midland Def. Convd. Ord 100 .652 Do. Pref. Convd. Ord 100 .68; North British 100 .45 North Eastern Consols lOO .138} North Staffordshire lOO .1001 South Eastern 10G ..91 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific 100 154; - Grand Trunk of Canada lOO 201 Do. Guaranteed 100 .100; Do. let Pref. lOO .109 Do. 2nd Pref 100 .98; Do. 3rd Pref lOO 49/ BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 371; Lancashire and Yorkshire lO 342 London and County 20 97 London and Westminster 2O 56 Manchester and County l7 59* Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ..A94 Parrs ‘)0 .864 Union of London 151 .37/ Union of Manchester ll .25-1 Williams Deacons 8 .241 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Greeton 5% Cum. Pref. lOO .1221 Bell and Co. Ord lO .121 Bents Brewery Ord, lO .71 Boddington' Ord 10 .91 Chester's Ord lO .12 Oroves & Whitnal 5% Cum. Pref 10 _71:: Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO ...510 Manchester Ord. lO .2 Parker's Burdett' Ord 10 .15 Springwell Ord 10 .8 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO _42 Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 _ll TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONES.. Anglo American Telegraph Ord lOO ...60 Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO .1111. do. Def. Ord. lOO .103 do. Ist Pref. 6% lO .13 I do. 2nd Pref. Minimum 1

6% Nat. relephone 31% Deb. Stock lOO ...101 TRAMWAYS. Blackpool & Fleetw'd Tramroad lO ...13i British Electric Traction Ord. lO ...9.4 Man. Carriage and Tramways A —7l ...51 do. do. B 5 ...2 ' do. do. C n -.21 Southport Tramways 5 3114- . INDUSTRIALS, &c Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Cum Pref. 1 15/0 Bleachers Asso. 51 Cum. Pref. 1 22/0 Boy, Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 -21/11 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 25/0 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Pref. 1 21/9 British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 -V, British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Cum. Pref 5 Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ordl _5; xd. Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7% Pref. lO 18 Buxton Lime Firms . 10 6 • Calico Printers Ordinary 1 .10/3 Castner Kellner Alkali 1 16/5 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 _5l xcL Crostleld (J.) & Sons, s^/. Cum , Pre. Pref, 10 101 Crosftelds, 4.1% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. lOO 98 Crosfield, 41% 'A ' Deben lOO 97 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 11/0 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO 8i do. do. do. do. B 9 ...6,4 x Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl ...35/G. Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., 6% Cum. Pref lO ..12i ,4% Dohs. Red. 100 ..99 Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 32/0 Lever Brothers, kl,, Cum. Pref. 10 121 Lipton Ordinary 1 ..20/41, Meldrum Bros., 511,, Pref. 1 ..19/6 Mond Nickel Co. Ltd., Otd. 1 ..112. do. do 7,/, Cum. Pref. 5 ...6iTt Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum . Pref. 5 _4l xd. Nantyglo & Blaina 8% Pref. 621 ...80 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 3; do. do. 6% Cum. Pref. Public Benefit Boot 6, Cum. Pref.s ...51 Perrins Ltd. Ord. 1 116 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord 1 ...36/6 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6" , Cum. Pref. 5 ..5:4 Salt Union Ordinary 4 _lO/9 United Alkali Ordinary lO 33/3 do. do. 7% Cum. Pref 10 91 do. do. Deb. lOO _1072 Vulcan Foundry 1 25/3 Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd ...... 7l; ...6 t do. do. do. do. do 16 fii Warrington Land & Property Co , Ltd. Ord. 1 .19/0 —2O/° do. do. do. B Shares ' 7 Warrington & District Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/0 ...17/6 SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO 27/6 do. do. do. Perpl. 5% Pref 10 ' 39/9 MINES. M ,l Barnato Consolidated 1 British South Africa (Char) 1 ..40/6 Charter Trust and Agency 1 17/9 Cons. Goldfield of S.A. 1 ..6i East Rand Proprietary 1 74 Henclersons —1 .20/1.1.

1•

p

- • , - Johannesburg Consolidated 1 50'0 Kailirs Consolidated 1 -.17/0 Oceanas 1 28/0 Rand Mines , 5,'-• .:),..: Randfonteins 1 —53;0 ... Rhedesia Exploration 1 ..3;::1 , Tanganyika 1 -41 • , Transvaal Estates 1 ...28' The above list and prices have been compiled Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Share brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable. , , --.0.-- ....,

Warrington Board of Guardians. A meeting of this Board was held at the,Workhouse' on Wednes,day, Mr. J. Billinge presiding. '1 here were also present :—Mrs. Clay, Mrs. Wilkinson, Broadbent, Rev. Dr. Mercer, Messrs. G. Mather, Brooks, J. Payton, A. J. Jolley, W. Flannagan, J. Sutton (clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wrig"" (superintendent of Padgate schools).—The Padg,are' Schools Committee recommended that twenty--three musical instruments be purchased from Meserf Monks, Hall and Co., at a cost of Mather, in moving the adoption of the minutes' said the offer of the instruments had come at a very opportune time. The price was nominal one and the superintendent, having seen the instruments, said, they were very good ones. Mrs' Clay seconded and the minutes were confirmed. letter was read from the local Government Boar approving of the appointment of L. A. Dawes, t• charge nurse at the Workhouse at a salary of ;r:32 per annum. The Board, however, deemed it desit: able that nurses should be engaged as far practicable for day and night duty alternately instes of for night duty only, and suggesting that the Gu'r. dians should give the matter their consideration. consultation with the medical officer, with a view t°s. the adoption of such an arrangement The matter w3b_ referred to the House Committee —The Sidings 8 committee reported that, after consideration of all t 1 e circumstances and in view of the conditions laid clovr in the letter of the Cheshire Lines Committee dated July': Ist, they recommended that the construction of riTr way sidings for the delivery of fuel and ot,"e mate, ials at the Workhouse be not proceeded I,'iti!ori Mr. A. J. Jolley said that the reason that the denisl,.t., had been arrived at was that the terms were wisui able.- The Committee's action was approved, Warrington.—Printed and publshed by JotTN Wtvrlts, St Co. at The Examiner General Printine v'" a sso3- 13ewsey-street, and published by them at twe place, and also at The ExaminerOilices,ViCtOria-rov WIDNES: 32, George-street, ST. HELENS: 3, git'rjane- street, EARLEsrowN; Church-street, RuscoPk 9 17th. 19Ori.

I

a's• s - I the 411 ter

===== 0002601_19050617_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
-, ~ , , , if 1

'° , , :' . ''':. ' !, ',:r: ,4,..' , - i ! . ', ''.' , ,t , 4 - L I:- ;' : 1 PI ? ', ,

===== 0002601_19050617_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ii' -' "I ~,,-r•;,. ' #i- t'i4; ",.•:. . . . , _..... - von ALL. .. .1 tir DENT. i walrorn A. 14 on+ n 114-Ink* provialod. No 1364 ONE PENNY SATURDAY, JUNE 175 1905. By Pon } I 734 Per Q"rt" 6s . is 9d per Quartl

WELSH CHIJEAH ANNIVERSARY. IMRE HALL. SUNDAY NEXT, JUNE ISTE. BRF,AonIIn : REV WYNNII DAVIES. MORNING SErivicP (in welPh) at 10.30 in the OROSFIELD STREET CHAPEL. ADDRESS ON THE "WELSH REVIVAL." 3-0 SERMON 6-30. (BOTH IN BNOLISIT.)

NIACDONALD'S HIGH-CLASS PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIEDITIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plates or unsightly wires are used. These advantages, with their dainty, natural appearance have givea Macdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every 'set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction. SETS 20s. GOLD INLAY 40S. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST, AT WANLISSES, DRAPER, MONDAVI, 11 to 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST AT MR. GERRARD'S HAIRDRESSER 77rDNICSDATS.1 IO 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCH ST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY ATTENDANCE' DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M. •

YOU CAN COMBINE TASTE WITH DURABaII Y AND CONubIY B t Pth CHA:NING YOUR CARPETS, RUGS, LINO! AEU OILCLOTHS, CURTAINS, WINDOW BLINDS, ETC., FROM E. COATE, 72, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

BAPTIST C3URCH, GOLBORNE STREET, WARRINGTON. RGIEGAY PERT. JUNE 18rff. MR, W. HARDING (op Bor.ToN:) Mormrl,44 : 10.45. EVENING 6.30. HEARTY WELCOME TO ALL.

WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BFCWSFY MEET, WARRINGTON, SUNDAY JUNB 18TH, 1905. PREACHER : REV.. J. YONGB. 10.30 AND 6.30. USUAL OFFIINTORIES

• SMITH & WALKER, (LATE HOLMES AND B(OTH), MARKET-GATE, WARRINGTON, TAILORS AND BREECH S MAKERS, ARE NOW SHOWING NEW AND EXCLUSIVE CLOTHS FOR TELE :_,UMMER SEASON. LIVERIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. TgLRPHONI3 382 Y

W YCLIFFE P S.A. WARRINGTON. sUNDAY NEXT, JUNE 18. OPEN MEWING AT 3 P.M. RETURN VISIT (By SPECIAL REQUEST) OF MR. FRANK LORD, O r THE M iNCHESTER CENTRAL MISSION, OLDHAM STREET. VoCALISTS : MESSRS. COOK'S QUARTETTE PARTY. CHAIRMAN, REV. J. YONG% USUAL COL 'ACTION. _ — - ANNUAL RE-UNION SERVICE FOR "OLD BLURS" IN THE CLIAPHL OF THE INSTITUTION, ON SUNDAY NEXT. JUNII 18TH. 1905. MEET AT 5.30 P.M. SERVICE 6.30.

SUMMER CLEANING. J. & W. DUTTON ARE NOW SHOWING AN EXCEPTIONALLY NICE ASSORTMENT OF CURTAINS • AND CURTAIN MATERIALS. 16, IS & 20, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

LANDUDNO. BARON HILL, CRAM-Y•DOlC—Board Li ing Establishment and Private Apartments; two minutes Promenade ; splendid views; terms moderate. - HENRY Mu ?iER.

BACK POOL.- he NORFOLK BOARDING ZSTABLISR- NIHNT, 11 1 ansdowne Crescent, Claremont Parli. Unrivalled position immediately facing Irish Sea. Moderate tariff. F. IiRRoP. Proprietor.

BICYCLES! BICYCLE-, ! ! BICYCLES ! ! BRITAIN'S BEST. D. & CO., HAVE PLEASURE IN ANNOUNCING THAT THEY HAVE UNDERTAKEN THE SALE OF THESE WONDERFUL MACHINES FOR CASH, ALSO ON THE EASY PAYMENT SYTEM. EXCEPTIONALLY EASY PAYMENTS. BE WELL MOUNTED AND CROWD ALL THE ENJOYMENT OF LIFE IN YOUR RIDE, WITH NO FEAR OF FLAWS OR.BREAKDOWN&,. DO NOT BE PERSUADED TO BUY A CHEAP AND ;HOWY MACHINE WHEN YOU CAN GET AB4OLUTELY BEITAIN'S BEST BIUYLCLE, WITH A GILT-EDGED GUARANTEE, FROM FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. ORDER NOW AND AVOID DISAPPOINTMENT. MAKERS SAY RUDGE-WHITWORTHS ARE BREAKING ALL PREVIOUS RECoRDS 1 THE DAILY INQZ7IRIES FROM THE PUBLIC ARE TEN TIMES MORE NUmEROUS THAN EVER BEFORE. yr HY BE BLIND TO FACTS. ALL PARTICULARS AND ORDER FORMS AT DUTTON & CO.'S, RMA KKT ST WA liIIINGTON.

TIr)UOLAS —Ol-I.ll.ASEri.o' York PO/1111)1Na RST.II3- 15 LISHMENT, Castle Terrace, Central promenade, Trams pass from steamers, First-class table. Terms from 51. 6d. per day. Central and beet position on front.

LIA it S 1 ISRS' AR lIS HOTEL, PADGATE —PICNIC PARTIES and EIfLISTS CATERED FOR. Good Billiard Room. large and small table. Good Bowling Green. Trains leave Central Station for Padgate afternoons at 12..8. 1 41, 2.5. 3.55, 4.58. 5.33. 6.5, 7.10 Plenty of suitable tra Ins for returning. —Jos. ROBERTS. Proprietor.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLET'S I TAILS OF ) nom HAIR FRAMES, PURE Fan( 3/6 EACH. HAIN. T 8 BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 10 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMPORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL NOR RUMNESS OR PLEASURE.

THE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREASURER, Municipal Offices, Warrinaton.

EXPERIENCED Male and Female MINKS at a moment's notice for all oases. —Apply NURSES Ise TITO- Tiotr, Hope House, Hope et., Liverpool. Telephone zoo, Royal. Telegraphio,, address, Nurses

LAMB! LAMB!! LA AB!!! ANOTHER SPECIAL CONSIGNMENT HAS NOV ARRIVED. GREAT }EDUCTION 1N W. & R. FLETCHER, LT; 28, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. DIRECT IMPORTERS.

BE YSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most comfortable Family Hotels In Wales. Splendid Commercial Boom, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 2 guineas per week, or 91. per day, according to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from 51. Table d'Hote at 6.53 o'clock For TARIFFS sco„ apply to W. 11. PA.LEER. PROPRIETOR.

NAME PLATES IN GLASS, BRASS, METAL WOOD, MOTOR NUMBERS. BAXENDALES, MILLER ST., MANOEIESTER.

pATTEN ARMS HOTEL, WARRINGTON UP-TO-DATE CATERING, ORDINARY DAILY, Is. 61. 12.30 T 3 2.30, SERVED IN DINING-BOOM. COFFEE ROOM LUNCHEON AS revAL, 12 30 To 2.30. PRIVATE R 0043 Foe SMALL J.UNCHHON PARTIE 3 A LWAYS READY. SPECIALITY—AFTBRBOON TEAS 4 O'CLOCK To 5.30.

Re JAMES TOOLE DECEASED. ALL PERSONS LIAVLNG ANY CLAIMS 11. against the above NAMED JAMS TOOLE. late of 55, ALLEN STREET, Warrington, in the County of Lancaster. Hair, metal and Skin Merchant, are requested to send them forthwith to the undersigned. ARTHUR BROWNE, 67, Sankey Street, Warrington. Solicitors to the Executrix of the said James Toole.

NEW WEE LEY AN METHODIST CHURCH, STOCKTON HEATH. FOUNDATION STONE-LAYING THURSDAY AFTERNOON AT 2 30. STONES WILL BE LAID BY A. H. CROSFIELD, ESQ. Mrs. RICHARDSON. Mr.. W. BENNIITT. Mrs. LANCASHIRE, Mrs S. B. STRINGER, Mrs. J. STRINGHIL Mrs, W. H. SHERBURNE, Mrs. F. PIONICETH, Bliss BLACKHURST. Councillor W. BROUGH. RICHARD MILLER, J. WHITFIELD. F. PENDLEBURY, S. MOSS (tor the Church), A. LAMP LINH (for Local Preachers.) TEA PROVIDED AT 6 0/o'cLocx PRICE fin. trAort.

BUILD PRETTY HOMES. BOOKLET FULLY ILLUSTRATING COTTAGES, BUNGALOWS, & RESIDENCES, with Interior views, Post Free li. QUOTATION 9 FOR BUILDINGS IN ANY PART OF THE COUNTRY, on special system. saving 30 per sent, forwarded free. See testimonials. ANSELL & LEADER, ARCHITECTS, CHESHUNT. HERTS.

WALKING DAY. FOR SALE OR HIRE, FLAGS, BANNERS, smbIiNIERS, BUNTING. SPECIAL QUOTATIONS-FOR LARGE QUANTITIES, LARGE STOCK KEPT. ,PRICES REASONABLE. J. S. GARLAND FURNISHING IRONMONGER, 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

GREAT PUBLIO MEETING in the livening in the INDEPENDENT METHODIST CHAPEL (Walton-road), (kindly lent for the occasion.) CHAIR to be taken a 6.45 by J. G. WITHENSHAW,Esq. Speakers : soS. STRINGER, ..."(1. (Doncaster). C. E. PARKER. Esq. (Penketh). J. uFSON. Big., Rev. J. S. HUGHES (Mil Cllffe), CIRCUIT MINISTER, and other friends. COLLECTION IN AID OF THE BUILDING FUNDS.

ALLAN LINE.-TO CANADA, UNITED STATES, RiVEE PLAT% AND INDIA. SAILINGS FROM LIVBRPOOL. SIBBRIAN St.'John's N.F. Halifax & Phil. June 20 VICTORIAN (Turbine) ...... Quebec and Montreal June 22 BAVARIAN Quebec and Montreal June 29 SuDertor accommodation for Ist, 2nd and 3rd classes. Special through rates to all points.

WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY'S GREAT SHOW AT BEBINGTON (NEAR BIRKENHBAD). THURSDAY, FRIDAY, AND SATURDAY NEXT. LRAPEict COEPETITIONS EACH DAY. RECORD ENTRY. 4 PARADE OF MOTOR OARS. , AND PRIZE WINNING ANINIALS. PREIS ADMISSION TO THE HORSE RING ENCLOSURE EACH DAY. ADMISSION : THURSDAY, 2s. 6D.; FRIDAY, lg. 6D. : SATURDAY, 16. ShoW Yard Opens each day at 9 a.m. ARTHUR H. EDWARDSON. 6, Hamilton Square, Birkenhead.

DUBLIN, ALSO ENGLISH LAKES. TEDCASTLE LINE. S.S.S " BLACKROCK," "CUMBRIA" " EBLANA," and " ADELA," from SOUTH Side NELSON DOCK. Liverpool Every Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, to DUBLIN. RETURN SALOON, 109.; STEERAGE, 55.; with Cheep Excursion Tickets EVERY SAILING DAY, to Killarney, Cork, Bundoran, Bray, Wicklow, &a., &a, SPECIAL ROUND SEA TRIP, per "Cumbria." Every Saturday, to Whitehaven, giving 3 days for English Lakes, thence to Dublin, and back to Liverpool (6 days, or within 2 mouths). SALOON 20s. Apply TEDCASTLE. McGORMICK & CO., LTD„ LIVER- POOL. Telegrams, " Tedcastle." Telephone 1193.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVER! COL, FRAhlki MARIIR AND PRINT BELLER. A large Assortment of Framed Pictures, tunable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, Ac. Terms Moderate A FISH COLLBCTION OF PHOIOGRAPES for Crystoleum and Panel Painting. A CHOICE COLLECTION Or GOLD ENBA VI N ig. Mao Copies of Pictures in the Continental Galleries.

FREE! FREE!! FREE!!! YOU CAN TEST YOUR sIGHT AT HONI4 AT OUR EXPENSE. ON IIIsOBIPT OF POST CARD WE WILL MAIL YOU OUR • HOME S 1 GHT-T ESTE R. WE SUPPLY THE BEST QUALITY IN SPECTACLES AND EXE-GLAStBS AT VERY MODERATE PRICES. WORTH OPTIC AL Co., OPTICIANS. 97 BRUNSWICK ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

LANG L ANDS' MAILINGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. •• PRINORSS LOUISE " OR OTHBR STEAMER. From LIVERPOOL From GLAGSOW (Clarence Dock.) (Berths No. 22-28, North S(de). Sat. June 17th 10 p.m. Tues. June 20th 2 p.m. *5.20 p.m. Thurs. June 22nd 2 p.m, Sat. June 24th 2 p.m.*6.45 p.m. Tues. June 27th 6 p.m. Thurs. June 29tn 2 p.m. *4.3b p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). Special reduced through Moffat' from Warrington. Widnes et. ORDINARY FIRES FROM LIVERPOOL :—Cabin, Single, us; Return (valid for two months) 16s. 6d. Steerage SI ngle,ss. 61. ' SPECIAL }Mum( TICKETS.—(vaIId for 10 days). Cabin 14.. ; Steerage Ss• 3d. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 14, caoss STREET. MANCHESTER. 10, RUMFORD PLACE LIVERPOOL.

OAS COOKERS! GAS COOKERS! THE HALL (CAFE), VICTORIA FQUARE, STOCKTON HEATH. MONDAY NEXT, JUNIII9'III. TO FRIDAY. JUNE 23RD, EXHIBITION OF VLETCHER, RUSSELL & CO.'S (LTD) OAS COOKERS, &c., &C. IMRE Ligmnal ON GAS COOKING BACH DAY 3 AND 7.30 P.M., (MONDAY 7.30. P.M. ONLY) BY Ilas. H. M. YOUNG. FIRST CLASS DIPLOMEE, ETC THE EXHIBITION WILL BE OPENED ON MONDAY. 41315H1 isra, AT 7 P M.—OPHS BACH OF THE "OLLowING DAYS FRO II 1030 A.M., TO 9.30 P.M. THERE WILL ALSO BE AN BXORLLENT DISPLAY OF INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHTING, PENDANTS. BRACKETS. ETC. FLETCHER RUSSELL & CO.'3 (LTD.) COOKERS BE HIRED OR OBTAINED ON THE 5 YEARS HIRE PURCHASE SYSTEM FROM THE WARRINGTON CORPORATION GAS DRPARTMENT AT LOW HALF-YEARLY RENTALS. • FIXED FREE UP TO 35 MT OF PIPING.

LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES REGULAR DAILY SAILINGS. From Prince's-stage, weather &c.. permitting. 10.45 a.m —BI7BiIY DAY by La Marguerite for LLANDUDNO BBAUMARIS, BANGOR and aIIiNAI BRIDGH, (with Carnarvon connection) due back 7.30 p.m., and allowing four hours ashore at Llandudno 2.16 p.m.— Saturdays. 2.15 p.m., 17Lb, and 24th, by St. Wales, for Llandudno and Menai Straits. Sundays 2 p.m.. by Snowdon. Isle of Anglesry Trips by St. Blvies. 9.0 a.m„ Wednesday 21st without call at intermediate places. 9.15 a.m. Thursday 22nd calling at all places. Through booking by special trains. Day or Week-end Fares Ist Saloon Return Llandudno 53., Menai Straits 6s. 6d. 2ad Saloon Return 3s. 6d., Menai Straits 4s. 6d. For all further information apply to the Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Company, Limited, T, G. Brew, Secretary. 40, Chapel Street, Liverpool. Tel. 6366. Illustrated Guide 3d. post tree. Week-ends at North Wales Hotel and Boat from Its. 6d, Through bookings and free conveyance between Stations and Steamer.

CuuNry BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— VICTORIA PARK BOWLING GRINN. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that this green will be OPEN TO THE PUBLIC from SATURDAY, the 24th JUNE, until the .30th of SEPTRUBBR, each day (except Sunday) from 11 a.m. to the closing of the Park. CHARGES. For hire of bowls and use of green (1 hour) Bach hour afterwards For use of green, player using his own bowls (2 hours) ld mob hour afterwards Persons usinethe green must comply with the lieoulations In force. J. LYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk. Town Hall. Warrington, End June. 1905.

COUNTY OF CHESTER, TO WIT. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace tor the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holdrn at the CASTLE OF CHES fER, in and for the said Caunty, on MONDAY, the 26th day of June, 1905, at half-past eleven o'cicck in the forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all appeals Arising wino the Hundreds of Braxton, Eddisioury, Nantwich and Wirral, terming the Chi ster District,and the trials of all prisoners committed from such hundreds, will :ake place at such Semitone. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the ' 26th day of June, 1905, at half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE Court will be Adjourned to the Court House, Kingsford, on WEDNESDAY, the 25th day of June. 1905, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon when another Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arisior within the Hundreds of Bucklow, Maceirsfield, and Nortbwich, forming the linntaford District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last- mentioned HundreJs w- take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knots- ford District must be in attendance at the Court House Kautsford, at the openine of the Court on Wzroiasnav, the 28th day of June, 1905 at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POT IS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Cheater. Chester, 7th June, 1905.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. ALL THE NEWEST DESIGNS FOR THE SEASON. SPLENDID SELECTION OF LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S GOODS IN BROWN AND BLACK tILACE KID. GREAT VARIETY IN BOOTS AND SHOES FOR CYCLING, CRICKET, TENNIS, &c. UNDER. THE CLOCK.

SUU /PORT. 'HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38 CHAPEL :-TREET. BUIDIATICS GIVBN, CHOIR PARTIES. eICNIC9 &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERT TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THB OLDInT BSTA.BUSHED HIiSTAURANT IN TOWN.

S. FERNLEY, LTD., 71, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINUTON WATCHES, CLOCKS, JE W ELLE RY . BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

CHEAP GAS FOR GAS ENGINES. LIGHTING AND HEATING. ONE H.P. FOR ONE HOLR FOR I/IG OF ID. PROM 10 H.P. UPWARDS. TUB INDUSTRIAL BNGINRRRING COMPANY, HYDE

M R T. BOOTHROYD, PROFESSOR OF THE VIOLIN. CONDUCTOR &c.; ACCEPTS ENGAGEMENTS WITH HIS ORCHESTRAS (EJTRING OR FULL). CONCERTS, BAZAARS. DRAMATIC SOCIETIES AT HOMES, &c. TERMS for Engagements, le.sons rte.—Apply THE " STUDIO " 9, SUEZ STREST, WARRINGTON, OR 18. CAWDOR SIRE T. STOCKTON HEATH.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL HINDS, EMPLOYRRS LIABILITY. ACOIDEINT & DISICASS Small Poa.Scarlet Fever.Tvphold,Diphtheria, Appendicitis &C BURGLARY & FIDSLITY INSURANOR RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. Established 1849. CLAIMS PAW 24.8C,0,000 64. CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAL Secretary. MANCHESTSE OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGSNTS : Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W.H. RlGBET.Nessclitte, Victoria-rd.,Latchford St Helens Mr. J. B. MUCH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGS The Willows Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW Rookery Bridges

GUINNESS'ES DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'B MILD AND BITTER AIM) ALLSOPP'BHILD AND BITTER ALBS. WHEATLEY'S HOP EITTER WHEATLEY'S OINGER To he had In CASK or BOTTIMS roaa B. CUNNINGHAM' WIBWICK ROAD. WARILINKTOrf. Also Manufacturer of HIRE CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Sow-gtoppered Bottles. Telephone No. 179. WORKS. OWEN STREET.

FASHIONABLE AND SEASONABLE SUITS DIRECT FROM OUR OWN WORKS, THE M ANCHESTE It CLOT I ING DEPOT, 8 & To, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, SPECIALITIES IN JUVENILES', YOUTHS', Si, NI EN'S ,SUITS. STYLE AND VALUE UNSURPASSED.

ONE THING WELL DONE, And that is FLOOR-COVERING by F. LRACH who does nothing else. You will Save Money by calling or send- ing your order. No waste or big bills. No cheap-ticketed unwashable rubbish. AU his Carpets, Linos, Oilciothz,Mats, and Matting' are perfect and well lid. It's impossible to get Better Value than at 24 and Z 6. SHUDSH ILL (High-street Corner), MANCHEnTRR. ESTIMATES FOR FITTING. COMPLETE ANT DISTANCE.

B. IN ADSVirORTII, FOLB AGENT FOE THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS OF JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON.

SMOKE SuuLow's OLD BOY'S" Tob&Ct..t.). COOL AND LASTING. sn. PER OUNCE; 15. 7n. PEEL LB. TIN; 63. PER LB T. SIIDLOW & GO, WHOLESALE AND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15. WINWICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE CAY,

KVENOM, —Mrs. MrrcALF, 7, Highgate, Kendal. HOME .lA.from HOME, beautiful scenery; piano ; terms reasonable OABBOROIJGH.—Good position; borne emcforts ; trams. C 5 write for terms, Mrs. CLARKSON, Larch House,Raieth

11?ARMHOUSI3. —Comfortable APARTISIBBITS In Farm- J, house, with or without hoard ; pleasantly situated ; terms moderate.—Apply Miss KELLY, Ballairarey. Crosby.

(iLD COLWYN.—FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED HO SES to be let; beautiful views of sea aril mountains; climate dry and warm.—D. Mic fificoLL, Estate Office, Old Colwyn.

CARDIARVONSHIRB.—SITTISC+ and BBDROOM vacant from July 22n1 to August 26th. lovely view, bracing, Moderate terma.—Mre. THom•s, The Cottage, Bodleirlg, Tregarth. Bangor.

T AIiCASHIRB.—APARTMRSTS, one (Ming, two bel- l/ rooms. bath ; golf links within three MUNI ; unriv‘lled mountain and sea air.—Mrs. DE•BO,t, Fern Lea, Devonshire terrace, Kirby-in-Furness.

Tprooftr s • MARY ISLE-OF-ite.N.—Oomfortable &PARC, MEETS with or without board, opposite golf links. convenient for boating, fishing, bathing. Terms moderate Dais* GALF., Water Edge.

13LACICPOOL.—Mrs. Kranr Derwent House 61. Albert LI Road, Superior APARVIIIINTS redecorated thoughout; with or with Art board; Splendid PoWinn within one minute Central Station, rromenade and all amusements.

I3LACKYOOL.—the blisseS GREEN, 3, Lonsciale rd. Lytham rd (near Manchester Hotel) ; APARTMENTi, with or without bo.r.i; home comforts ; hods 2s. tw persons. Piano, bath. Private sitting-room on ret.sonable terms. Write now.

NORFOLK COAST.—Amidet pine wools an.i Boa air. euega received throughout the year. Own grounds of many scres —Write Mrs. 13ftowNE, The Pines, Rolling Resift. Holt. Norfolk.

10MFLULTABIAC APARDINSTS --Pis lung, boat ing, golf- ing. Sea and country view. Bath. bot and cold water. Terms moderate,—Mr.. J. COWLEY, Bounyaide, near Altrea Pier, Port St Mary.

CIOM FOR I'ABL APAR CM JIN with or without board. Central to Port, zit. Mary and Port Biln, delightful view. Terms reasociable.—Mrs. Da vE r, Crouk-Mona, Four rd., Port S. M.Lry.

FiOLID 9Y SEiSOlC—Vialtors requiring Anartmen at any of the Centrsl Wales Stott (Llaudrindol Wells, Lianarrbyti Wells, or Llstursosmareh Wells) thouid advertise in the •• Radnorshile Standuli," Liuidri.loi W9lle. Only visitors' list published. Post free, I.

I\7 Oftt WALEb.—Pretty &Lathed FURNISHED RESIDENCA TO Lia. Healthy plaure.que Two recepti m, (our bedromt; bathroom (h and o); stabling ; coach Louse, Flabing, neer station. post °Size. Moderate tetra s It OB ERTB. Try Weryli House, Vroogooh. Bala, North Wales

14LAcKpooL.—now TO HRH IT, and the West Coast, &0., most comfortably an d economically. TAXI! A FURNIatiND HOCSIC " Send parti.7uiars accommi da- tion required, locality, and about weekly rent. Houses to Let and to be bold unfurnished ; mortgages negotlated.— a. HINDLE CALVERT, HOLM and Hetet° agent, 3, Talbot Cbambers, Blackpool.

—,----' / i. 4 V (rfit 4 . .. , , •j. ~,v, , , I. a ': .' \; . , 1), ' k • ' . 1,1 I • . .., 1 G' i I V, •7. I 1 \, II ) , 1 !JO I II )\I \ le i • A.- ' --' .•.”.;: 4;,—'-^

!I 111 111 I -.. ..::.::::':,,'::,.:::-,:-..!) I 1 i f •---.:2.,c-::-.. '\ . '••,.k • , ~:.-:- lit • ~ ' ii,,,,,:,:e...aii • ,„. ~.... ; :;;:iii•il• ~,•1,.-,„,,, ~,,...••,.. - .P-.,, , , - .. i ...:....,--;:•.,;;;;;3;;.--1-f•-• \-:,,,v.:1.-5.:,..,•i;..0,i:ii,i;:,-.4."/".... V•‘ :.;;;;;;44, • • g\ . , ... , , ' . . <•,:.:...:i.k.3i:i:i::::,§e" .:-. • ...........x, . :::ig...\--:::.. r `,.::::Mi• "\k,,i ,'"'•'''.‘

The Children's Corner League. FOUNDED BY UNCLE NED. motto "I shall pass through this world but once; any good deed, for therefore, that I can do, let me do It now, for I shall not pass 1905: this way again." wish to become a Member of the Children's Corner League. Address Age last 13irtkclay Signature of Parent or GuarSian

...... (I) . ',I , , On . , , .... ~ , _ —41817- - 1e... Ilk \EXTRACT OF HERBS. " MAKES THE FINEST '. Herb Beer at Home. \\\ , ' 0 grvi your own beer and. know .. what you are drinking. V ON'S ie the safmL unread, and \`, • '..,, . . NIAS cheapest drink °blamable. ,V - • Just the thing for The Children's Corner. A ed. Bottle makes 8 gallons. • SOLE MALKILES-, , Newhall a Mason, Nottingham. , ..,. -., Ito,c , r. hi Ci Oriiil . ...,...,,s . PEAKING OF THE NEW BABY ARO ITS CLOTHES, "1.42 You have seen our 'LATEST ILLUS- TRATED CATALOGUE Yon eon term no , possible idea • how much we ran help you. In -. selection of Artistic. Well-made Clothes which will , ' ', Make BABY THE OBSERVED O,F ALL . 1 OESERvERS, and we make a stipulation .:. r hat whatever is purchased from Ile. if not / Approve.d of. will be taken bark and the money c.,,,,,, . returned. So that .2;011 need have no fear oi il sending Inc any complete set. 1, ,THE CELEBRATED C.B. OUTFITS. , 1,9. a contains 18 well-anule, serviceable Garments and e doz. Napkins for set In. . NO. 2 a handsome set of 28 Garments and Edo,. . Ealdrinst for z 2 2s. - No. 3 has et beautifully designed Garments and . 3 dok Napkins for £4 40. . • - CONSTANTINE BROS. (Dept. CC), BOLTON.

!ADVICE to CRICKETERS &ATHLETES CUT THIS post it OUT , ~,,\ :,,c, vra-LetTesati itAtt once togit%.nws it • -444 ,#, g- FRANK SUGG, !f,4,-7•1 12, LORD-ST., LIVERPOOL, . and he will sentl you his '. % "4 1905 Cricket Annual FREE by return poid. Ccunda rie Bat - 21- each iff VJ- Special Club Cat 12/6 each

Goddard's Plate P t-wder iw Cieanin.gSilverEleetroPlate.le loid everywhere Ifr 2/455. 4/6.

TIINNIIR SET. 50 pieces, 13s. 9d. ; sample 64. (packed I_l free).—J. B. fditm.cm A Co., Bunten', Staffs. GA.RDEN NETTING ; 10) square yards, fair condition, 3s carriage paid.— NoRTHaY, Auctioneer, Plymouth.

A SIMPLB IttsMIWY that will speedily grow a good I'S head of Hair sent for 18. ld.—Mrs. THORN. 29, St. Oswald's rd., Fulham. London. DBUISKIIRNB3S cured by a sate, secret and sure remedy. Send stamped e iv,lope to Mrs. FAIIWAY, C/0 Payton & Co., 112, Cheapside, London, H C. MATRI3IOIIIAL POST" sealed envelope 5,1. With circslar 9d —BDITOR. 11 Trafalgar Buildings, London W.O —Specimen copy, stamp.

PO. actdressed t KARLOS 168 I Uuttank it rd., Norwich 'brings you 3 invalnahle Recipes for Photo-npointing paste, Icirlos' Blood Purifier. Universal Cough Rell,f.

I,IIIIIVATR WORK A beautiful hammock, made by a mati-of-war'4-man, 10ft. long, made of pure cotton, will aacrifice and pay carriage for 4s. 6d. or will exchange.—lvon HOUSE, Walton on Nae.

TIPS.--.why pay expensive prices. Send stamped V addressed envelope for Royal Hunt Cup Selection, and terms. No win, no plyments.—FEED WEBB, Ttiorndon Palk Gardens, Brent wood, Basex.

A FASHIONABLE LADY'S DOBSEIN WRIST-BAG. CI leather lined, purse attachment Inside ; heavy nickted silver chain and fastenings ; fawn, grey, or green ; quite tne latest and smartest In 2s. each.—BAYNOR, Baltic House, Tredegar rd., London, B.

A RR YOU UNLUCKY ? No success in love or business ? E. If not wear lucky white heather pendent. which attracts success, happiness, riches. 15.—PASTOR, 121, Finchiey rd.. Hampstead, London.

MIRES —lnteresting WIRDEGNING PAMPHLET giving valuable Information gratis. With's Plant Food, the Magic Fertilizer for Flowers. Vegetables, Sample Tins Is.— WITH'S MANURE Co., Hereford.

QUuTCH Raft Whisky Direct. bir) years supplied army and V navy; bottled under Government supervision. Dozen. 395., halt-dozen, 2 s. Sample bottle 3s. 73. cash, deli ;sired. Agencies open.—CiMas, Adelpbi, Aberdeen.

CONFBOTIONBEti CRYSIAL DRINKS, Lemmade Piws apple and Raspberry, 2 oz. make a qutrt delicious Arink. Special terms to wholesale buy rs. Sure repevater. WaLLa.mt V. BRETT, /11,412 Street, Maidstone.

A GHNUINH opportunity for small and safe investmentrii CI In American securities. Highly protitahle ang abso- lutely reliable. Cash or Instalments.— Add.ess, AMP:RICAN COMMERCIAL EXCHANGE. 26 Ludgate Hill, Londun, H.C.

VAN CY 00 ORK, Great Reductions. Large Parcel con- taining Plush, rich beautiful colours far cushions; parcel containing Lace, vety long lengths. ls. 31. each parcel, carriage paid.—RD DUXBURY, Mercht,3o( ,Notti ng ham st. Bolton

(-111.LVANISED CORRIMATHD SHi4iBT5 for roofing; slightly defective ; Bft by Zft, Is. 84 per sheet, 91t by 2ft. is. 10d. per sheet. Can be inspacted at the IRON WAREHOURE, 5, Truman at., off Dale at., Liverpool. LILU(I, DHATH !—Marvellous Discovery; Instant death to Li all insects. Will act as a powerful fertiliser without injuring the tendert-et vegetation —Post free. is 3d. per tin, ot VV. J DAwsoN & Co., 26 Thane Villas, London, N. Try it.

DON'T DIiSPAIR if your Hair is falling, try Norman's Hair Blixir. beat that money can buy. Splendid teed- monials. Prices Is 6d • 2s. 6d.. 4s. 6d. pr bottle, securely packed pow.; free.—Cuprr, Uhemist. Upper St James it,. Brighton

DI LOUSES, Grand Varlstv.—Delalnettes, 2s. ; Voiles, 2s. 6d and 4s. ed. ; fAncy muslin.. ditto. Betutitul Silks, ss. 6d. ; Printed Voile Skirts, ss. ; Costumes to order. Carriage 4d extra.—RANDOLIFill, 152, Shepherd's Bush rd., London.

‘,„;,PLENDID INVISTNItiNT.-Id. article for pipe-smokers and users of tobacco. Lady or gentleman with RD° to £2OO. Third share guaranteed; impit he a great auctigris large income. Sample at lotarvlew.—tVgAvEk, 130 Stam- ford at., Waterloo, London.

T ACH CUNTAINS.—M• KLNSLER SONS. Manufacturers. 1.1 6 Goose Gate, Nottingham. have on hand 8000 pairs of Lace Curtains to be disposed of immediately at 3 pairs 10s 63. or 6 pairs assorted, 21s. State whether required white Or ecru Money returned if not approved of

rilt) BB sOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The extensive Works, lately used by the Lancashire NI:1110re Co, with Machinery and 24,420 square yards of Freehold Lartl. with siding to the railway. Suitable for ehetniall or other works requiring space.—Address J. 11031EING, 16 Fenwick-street, Liverpool.

IISII.-9 stone COD, LING, H&DDOOKS, 106 ; 7 stone _l2 Plaice, 12s. ; Headless Haddocks. is. 4d. per stone ; Salt Cod, 2s. per stone; Finney'. 3s per stone; Kippers and Bloaters, Zs. 6d. per box ; Oysters, ss. per 12) ; bass of selected Fish, 2s. 61. ; Red Herrings, 21. 6d. per hoz.—LLC Y SON, Fish Docx. Grimsby.

I UM, PASTII and I.AOKS ABOLISH D. Bil Is, Notices, IVY Menus, Drawings, &c., Instantly fixed by Arthur's Patent Bill and Notice Grips ; cheap, quick and durable. Time and money saved. II ess and dirt prevented. Illus- trated circular, post free from GEORGE MORRIEION, Sole Agent, 58, Rose at., Garnethlll, Glasgow.

'rims! TeiNTill—len,s suitable for gardens, cricket, 1_ or camping-out purposes. 40ft. in circumference, pure linen, with pegs, poles, and lines comoiete. These tents are white, and have only been used a little by His Majesty's Government, and cost over each I will send one com- plete for Ms. each. Price lists of Marquees post tree.—Hy. .Toax GARPON, Government Contractor, live.

U WfiftTinHic°nß, oreeTcuarileter— am areally oh3l ftel lizr, balanceperfect Is. weekly. Goad business Suits from 27e. nth; Boots 10s 6d.; no objectionable enquiries and quickest delivery In the trade. Call or write for patterns and American self measurement form post free. Perfect fit guaranteed.—Write. ,Dept. 441 A. THOMAS. 317, Upper at., Islington, LondOn, N.

bblif MAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MARL WARRANTED, 1.03 T FREE 2s 6d., 35., 48. 6D., AND ss. 6D J. D. DODD. 10, sT, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. BALE@ INCREASING DAILY.

ID:ntsrs anb t anb on 'ale. ON SALE.—APPLES TRISH FAlttd. Sutton near Maceles- field, 9 acres, good land.—JosEPrt LOMAS, VVythen Lache, Combs, I erbsshlre.

ruo BE LEASED. in Latchford ana tirappentatll,Buitaing riots for one or four houses. with option of making freehold ; building tie 2500 per house. sewer, water, fenced and planted—WlLLlAM AND EGAD OWES, architects, War- rington.

T AND. —MOW/LH LAND, in many countlea, for _LI cottage, shop. farm, or mansion; plots from £lO each, or £2O per acre (good roads), payable by Instalments, free deeds; houses, shops, and bungalows.—Mr. BELLILig, Farn- borough, Hants.

AHDRN CIA( (hendential only), loath Westmoriand. —Quarter-acre riots and upwards of PitlsfiliOLD LAND where ilea and mountain air anound ; price, including street formation, one shilling per yard ; eaey payments if deeired.—Plan and particulars free, Baxorr Amp ot, Meathop Park, Grange-oyer-sands.

FisH• rouLrtir and GRIBSGIIOOI3 XY BUbINEISS to he Disposed of, goad stand ; no hawking, trap; £5O weekly.—Apply MILLER. 12, Bridge st • Barlestown. ON HAUL—DAIRY FARM with good tndk round. Grow- ing crops and stock, all at valuatiou.—Ad tress L.A. " Brrarniner ,' Office, warrington.

LD-ESTABLIS!- HID PAINTS D4CORATOn'S, ant '1 GLAZIISICS BUSISISSS, in Wrexham for Si e, through .teatb ; ingolng £150.-3lrs. M. B. UVANS, 7 Argyle-st., Wrexham.

- „ llARROW.—lieneral Business, all at £B5. Rent £35. melusaing toys, tees, Ste. ; shop, 9 rooms, suit two rimilie; weekly takings. £l5, inc,rasing. Illness cause s.f selling.— SNELLINGS, VVealdstone (stamp)

DASH hT AtiAlifttt'S riTOOK-IN-T I, ADS on Sale. coo- l/ slsting of buff Willows, red buds and Ikea!' (v-rious sizes), buff bows and splitting wtod, and wrought-iron 91t. by 30m. wide ; 30ita. deep. —Apply to Jozof IV sorrix, Burscough Bridge. IIIGH-CL4SS BAKING BUSININS, complet premises fitted with machinery and ,lectric power, 50 'tucks weekly ; splendid opening tor onog p reeverlng man with capitul ; established over 70 years.—W. T. BlooßE, 12, Ashton Old-road, Ardwick, Idancht.ster

otor ear% eptits, garriagro, etc ON SALE.—CART (nearly new), Lorry. Landau, Victoria, and Waggnnette.—J. FoULDEI, 72, High at.. Atherton.

rktil SAL% large WnIaGONETTH, with cover, carry 22; Smaller one, carry 1 ; also GIG, suit 12 hands pony. Low prices. -RICHARDSON, Holland Moor, ;, Upholland, pear Wigan.

illgh-srade Coventry Machine, per- fectly new, not oohed ; best tyres and tubes ; plated rims, free wheel, rim brake, gas lamp, and accessories ; sactliice, £3 19s. 6d. ; approval willlndly.—T. HUSBAND. Clairgrove House, Ashcombe no., Weston-super-Mare.

BDaRG • IP.—Gent's high-gradn 00VNig KY MACHINE, perfectly new, not allied, best tyres and tubes, plated rims and free wheel, rim brake, gas lamp, and accessories ; sacrifice, 2; 19e. 6d..spprovat willingly.—T. HUSBLND, Chargrove House fishcombe Road, 4eston-sup r-Mare. rIIECLE for Disposal, gent's high-grade machine, as now not soiled, free wheel, rim brake, plated rims, pne u matic tyres mud guards, gas lamp, aud esit acc,asories ; genuine bargain. E 4 4s cast). lowest ; approval willingly.— E. GILL. Wavenev Villa, Beech 'toad, eston-super-Mare.

hAFllTY.—Bargain, nearly new, not soised free wheel. silver-plated r ma. beautifully lined in gold; rim brake ; high-krade Coventry machine ; best pneumatic; tyres ; celluloid gear case ; all ,ccessories ; BS 10s., lowest , no use to owner; genuine ; approval will nAlv.—K. STUCKEY Oak Villa, Clarendon rd., Weston-super-Slare. rro CYCLIiTi.—The CYCLIST'S FdIEND. No more 1 porous Tubes. This marvellous Rubber Rejuvenator will make old and porous Tribes as airtight as when new, Sent post free, with written g arantee, for a 1.. Special terms offered to Captains and Secretaries of Cycle Clubs.- J. JAMES. 86 Belgrave rd.. WLltharnstow, London. CYCLES I CYCLIii I CYCLES! riri RicAsON WHY YOU -HOULD BUY ..L YOUR NEXT MACHINE FROM A LOCAL MARSH. —Because the machine will cost much less than an equally high-grade machine from the large maker, as the local maker has not the expenses of a large estaidishment to maintain, and unless he is unduly cut down in price he can give better value for money. You will do well to get my prices for anything in t e Cycle line—you will save money. Undoubtedly the best shop for rep+iri. wOILKMAN-IHIP GUARANTBRD. RBASONABLI3 OFIARGI,S.—CANNELL HBEKETH BT., Off Liverpool rd., Sankey Bridges, Warrington Cars stop apposite the street.

IRELAND, IRELAND LEL AND, INTENDS TO MAINTAIN THE HIGH REPU- TATION HE HAS GAINED BY _CONTINUING TO MAKE BICYCLES 0? SUPERB QUALITY AT MOST REASONABLE PRICE MACHINES BUILT TO ORDER FROM £6 10e.. WITH FREE WHEEL AND BRAKES. SEND PORLIST. SANKEY, WARRINGTON.

STARTLING FACfc.—GENUINE OFFER. Cash per month Royal Falcon Cycles IT los. or £7 10s. at 81. Royal Falcon Cycles £8 8s „£9 9s „ Bs. Royal Falc,n Cycles,2 speed gear £8 Ids. „ £9 10s. „ Budge-Whitworth Standard £7 16s. „ £8 15s. „ Bs. Budge-Whitworth Spectate £lO 03. „ £ll Os „ Bs. swift. Specials £7 15s. £8 15s. ~ Bs. Sunbeam Royals £l6 16s. £l7 17s. . 15s NOTE :—CHALLINOR OFFERS TO ALL BUYERS OF CYCLES by deferred payments that In case of sickness or out of work payments may be suspended. NO COLLECTORS EMPLOYED. NO STU LING OF ACCOUNTS TO MONEY LENDERS AND OTHERS. DEAL ONLY WITH 11HALL1NOR, 100-102 BRADSHAW GATE BOLTON. LISTS FREE. STILLING AGENTS WANTED.

PENKEITH.-4000 HO tistaq WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and Zs. 6d. per week. Also Semi-detached House, Chapel-road, rent £l4. IVY LODGELFROGHALL LANE reduved rent. SMALL WORKS, LATCHFORD, 5 minutes from War- rington Bridge, rent 7s. 6d. week. 61, CATHERINI4 ST . 6 roomed house rent se week. LABURNUM VILLA, FROGHALL LIB, reduced rent. 17, MILL LANE rent 63 week. 55, NEW ROAD, rent 4s. 9d. week. 17, PIHRPOINT ST,, rent 4e. week. 6, SCHOOL BROW, rent 3s. 9d. week. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent. No. 1 Bank-street War- rington. Telephone—No 66.

Llit 17, FOLLY LittleS, --Appiy WO,D & ON Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington. 910 LET GOOD HOUSE, Parker street, rent 351. month -L clear.—Apply Woona & dots, Solicitors, Warrington. To LET, good HOUSR In Derby-street, rent 41. 6d • also _L one off Bewsey-road, rent 44. 6d.—Apply WOODS & SON, bolicitore, Warrington.

(111 111/M. WINCH Nt HALL, Lostock Gralam. ‘..) HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GI L. Large Mansion and Playing Fields. Racellenc Resident Staff. Great successes recent lixaminations. 50 Certificates gained last 'i OM. AUTUMN TERM begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references, views, from Miss PARKER. Principal.

MR ERNES(' WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Mnsic,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church. PIANO, ORGAN, THICOXY, HARMONY, COUNTHR. POINT MUcICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prises gained by pupils, Large tbree—manual organ for pupils' practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

• OUTHPORT MODERN tiCHOOL, Scarisurick kJ New-road. One of the LARGBST PRIVATIs SCHOOLS in the North of England. Staff includes a B:A., a B.tc., and an (Meier a' Academia etc. Languages beienon and Commercial subjects at inclusive fees. CAPT. J. C. MNDEILWOOD, A.C.P., P.R.G.S.. Head Master.

VOlt SALIS, a brindled BULL AND DIAi CIFP DOG faithful and fond of children ; suitable for gentle- man's house or gardens.—Apply 102, Moss LINE, Pendle- bury, MancLester.

aItHENCHOCHRS AND °TRIMS. - Smart Welsh Cob, b a„..A years ; warrant same sound, quiet and a good workers, any trial to good home betere purchase ; light Cart and Harness almost new; lot £8 IJB • or separate ; real berg In' must sell at once.—Apply 33, STOCK STREE e off Lord street, Cheatham Hill roar, near Cheotharn Tojw Hall, and Corporation street, Manchester,

arl 01 DB W Ya.fl .) ta —The beet utility fowls —Egg, kiT from prize-winners, 3s. 64. for 13.—H. CLIFTON M untain Farm. Vifesthurv, Salop. Fovo'L CORN, 7. 61. 10e 64. 121 64. 2401b5. ; Pig FJod, Ts. 64. and Pcultry Meal. Bs. and 10s. per Mits.— ktocfre AND Co.. 15, Goree piazzas,Liverpool. Mention paper. SOMIS PHOPLII KBNP FOINtS, others buy Ovary Tonic and the fowls keep them Success guaranteed, so why not try it ? Bottle by post. Is. 2d. and Is, 34 -WIC Ca., Shernall at.. Waltharnstow. TIGG'S Brown LUG 'OlO/S Hurst's Strain also White 111 Leghorn+ and Black Minoroca's from noted winning strains, 3s. 64. per sitting ; duck eggs from large Aylesbury's SCHoFIELD, Newmarket, Poultry Farm, Taunton, Ashton-under-Lyne.

EGGS for aIT from splendid pen of Black Leghorn's, excellent layers of large eggs lb years test breed) give these a trial and you veil' never regret it ; 3s. 6d. per doz., 2 doz. carriage aid : nnfertiles replaced if returned ; no bunday business. --JAMES ARRMASISITE. 112 OeMet,ry rd., Acbinaton, Lancashire.

'I:2GGS FOR SlT'''. Nci.—mr. W. Hilton wants to draw the ill attention to Poultry Keepers that he is advertising the following breeds for sitting co opriaiog of White Loghorns, Blue Andalusian', Silver Wyandotte', Golden Wyandotte!, Buff Orpingtons, Brown Leghorn'', Black Langshans, and Bottom's, 31. a sitting ; also grand pens of Black olinorcas and Black Orpington' at 4a., worth double. Also a grand lot, of Mite Aylesbury Duck hggs at 3s. a sitting. All unfertile eggs replaced. Inspeetlon invited.—Note the address, W. litiroa, Long lane. Hindley Green, near W;gau. GUS FOR tsITTING.—In returning thanks to niv numberless customers for past favour I again invite an inspection of the knowing pure breeds of fowls Black 3,llnorces, Black Leghorn., White Leghosns Buff Leghorns, Brown Leghorn.. Blue Andalusidail !louden., Indian Game Barred Rocks, Bolden Wyandotte'', bilver Wyan- dotte*, Lancashire Buffs, Buff Orpington Slack Orpington ; alsothe following first crosses male,bird first Indian Game and Lanillan ; Lanshan and Buck Orpington. Houdan and White Leghorn, Black Minorca and Di ma Leghorn. All these 24.6 d. per sitting, all house packed and put on rail 35., Indian Runner Ducks same price; also a special pen of Buff Orping- ton and Lanshans de. 6d. per sitting.—Addreas, Newton-le- Willows, HENRY DRAPER. 465, Newton rd., L3w3on ; a few minutes walk from howton et. Mary Statiou, one mile from tram ear. No business done on Sunday.

IT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE to BU R Y YOU EU sna- CANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-CLASS NON- CORROSIVE largest sale in the world. ENGINE OIL, 11}c1.. CYLINDER OIL, 111 d., MACHINERY OIL. lltd., SPINDLE OIL, 90., GAS ENGINE OIL, li. 6d., DYNAMO OIL, Ir. fld. per gallon ; In barrels, free and carriage paid.— RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 aud 20. Water lane, Great Tower at . London. E.C. Also 99, Great Clyde it., Glasgow; 1 Sandbill,Quayside,Neweastle-on-Tyne

PATENT OP IDD ABCHESTER SIITABLLSIDCD IN 18.50. Messrs. 41i0l1011 DAVIES & SOB have 630 inure than 40 years personal experienceln connection with this Establish meet . andpossess praotinal knowledge of the oottonoroolle: awl Iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price " Colonial and Foreign Pateat Laws," price ls. R.EORCiE DAVIES, Oaf., /1 SON, P.1.P.A., M.S.A I. T. ANN'E SQUARII.IIIANCHASTAIIt

QT. GHOIIGH'S IKON driniKi, UAL (late Ormerod, 0 Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHHHL and PULLNIf PATTIIRNS in the trade. In addition have purchased all Wheel, noisy to the late Henry are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwrightoind all Manchester. an,. avvnrdenTaoontdhc Block Patterns aPdaotnterrno,sdaioro.,n tetwoaogrkln" Works, kir di of llngineering Work promptly.—Catalogues of Wheels and rulley Patterns on application. NJ., No. 229, Manchester: Telegraphic. address " Ormerod Grierson. Manchester'.

U-SUTH-SlH.—Prompt neuralgia cure; chemists, 25., or _1 post 2e. 3cl.—RonaitTBoN, Chemist. at. Roswell.. 2/- Ayer's celebrated receipt for Consumption (marvellous resuIts).—ABEBNETHY. 234, Albert Bridge rd., Belfast

MOT lINRS TAKH NO lON that ON.K.P." kills all. nits and vermin, never flits ; large Om post free 5. from J. A. OAKES. Weymouth FOOT PO W DNB m.de according to a secret formula, pre- vent sores, corns. stops sweating an 4 odo ,ra. P.0.6d. per packet from J. T. kEIGHT. Lotiglands, NallsburY, Wilts. FDR RHEUMATISM and (OUT. try Buoklsw's Health Tea; sure cure ti Poet paid for ; write to-clay. —Address HUCKLAVB HEALTH Tau, IM, Grainger at., Darlington.

rpo LADlBS.—Biaird's Flits (British Pharmanopceia at wholesale prices ; pearl-aoate and tasteless. 144 9d., triple quantity 2s. post free —Cryr M.F. COMPANY, 67 tiope it., Glasgow.

-DROF. VBRNIIR'S IiBMEDIHS.—Anemia, Bronchitis Billow nese, Indigestion, liheur•athlm, Eczema. Piles Obesity, Ice., speedily oured. Medicine le. lid. per bottle post tree le, ad. ; Hatt Restorer, le. per bottle. PROF. VEIIIOCE, (U.S.A.), IS, Vernon et. Bolton.

OLIVBX (Registered). The most recent Ant(emetic Remedy tor Eczema ; all Irritation removed on test application; highly recommended ; has been used by thousands with most benetimal results ; price Is. lid. per tribe. post free.—OLIVM Co., 31, Falcon ltd.,Rettersea, R.sv.

CONSUMPTION.— Midland Open-alr sanatorium. Beautt - fully a tinted In a park of 25 acres, 750 fee above sea level, gravel soil. south aspect. Bstablis bed. 1898. Specially constructed out-door chalets For terms .nd illustraed pros- pectus. apply. THE BECII,ETAIIT, Bourne Castle. BelbrOUgh- ton . Worcestershire.

-101011iLLN'd 001tHisC IVII and CONoTIPaTION j CURL—The evils caused by Constipation are well known, and sufferers from them will find in this Corrective the most effective remedy • For Ladies it is invaluable. For Skin troubles, arising from Constipation or Female Ailments, It in unprptalk•d, quickly developing a Spotless and Beautiful Complexion, is. and 28.94.—W1Lsox.Chemist,Armley. Leeds.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOIMIAND::, UN LAMBS HAVd DERIVED GRE&T BENEFIT FROM DAVIS's FAMOUS FEMALE pili,s, HAvB BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BS A BOON TO W °MANKIND They are the best known Remedy rot Anmrnia, Giddiness, Fulness and bwelling after Ideals, Loss of Appetite, Hyde:law, BaPkalnpei.t.a.tiolorregofulat all Female DleEZrenln'it7.. Boxes ls. lid., 2s. Sd•. Heart. 4s. 6d. and lis. May Ins had from all Chemists and Patent Medidue Vendors everywhere. or from the proprietor. Only Address 609, PORTOBBLLO-ROaD, ROTTING HILL. LURIJOR .

'TO BE SOLD LIY AUCTION, By MESSRS. THOMAS SUTTON 8; SONS. At the Blue Bell Inn, Horsemarket-street. Warrington, on Wednesday next, 21st June, 1905 at 5 o'clock pm. pre- cisely, subject to the public sale conditions of the Incorpor- ated Law society of Liverpool and to special conditions to be then produced : LOT I—Thejdesirable Freehold RESIDENCE called Win- wick Priory, near Newton-le-Willows,',l4te in the occupation of J. E. Pardev. Esq., deceased (li miles from Newton-le- Willows, and 3 miles from Warrington), cootaining entrance hall, with the-place, dining-room. drawing-room with Ingle I nook, morning-room, study, seven bedrooms, two dreasing.. rooms, bathroom, attis. kitchen, butler's pantry, larder, avash-heEse, and usual offices. stabling for two horses, coach- home, harness room, man's room and loft, well-stocked garden, full-sized tennis lawn, greenhouse, and rustic sum- mer house. Also a DETACHED COTT %GE (with separate entrance). containing 8 rooms, let at £l6 per annum on cjaarterly tenancy Area, 1 acre 1 rood 5 perches statute measure or there- abouts. The minerals under upwards of iths of this area are included in thld sale, and also the mines to a depth of 200 feet from the surface under the remainder of the land, and in addition the mines below 220 feet from the surfaco under adjoining lands containing 1.519 sgurre yards. LOT 2. THREE FREEHOLD COTTAGES. being Nos. 30, 3?, and 34, King et., Warrington, in the occupations of George Peplow and others. Also a Plot of LAND adjoining on the north side, con- taing about 831 square yards, having a frontage to King- street of about 51 teat 6 inches, with a stable thereon, in the occupation of Edwin Legge. This plot is leasehold far 1,000 years from lit February, ISA, subject to the yearly rent of sixpence. Gross rentals, £4O 19s. per annum. LOT 3.—SIX comass, Nos 17 to 27 (odd numbers inclusive). Dutton at., Warrington. in the occupation of Messrs Farrington, Bradley. Mclntyre, Boyle, Smith and Wakefield. Gross rentals, £52 175.4 d. per annum. Tenure leasehold for 999 years from 24th September 1843, but free frtqn ground rent. For further particulars and for ay.& to view Lot I apply to the Auctioneers. Leigh at., Warrington ; or ROBERT DAVIES 84 CO., Solicitors, Warrington.

ROBHIRT L9WE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, VALUER Office and Salerooms No. 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE. No. 55. (lien ADVANCED ON 400Dil DEPOSITED FOR SALE. Now nd oond-huid Furnitqre and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection Invited Furniture, &a,. wareboused.

LOANs GRANTKD ON THESE TERAS £5 TO £5OO. LOAN £5 REPAY £5 12s. 63. LOAN £lO REPAY £ll ss. Od. LOAN £2O REPAY £22 10s. Od. LOAN £3O REPAY £33 15s. Od. LOAN £5O REPAY £56 ss. Od. LOAN £lOO REPAY £ll2 10. Od. Larger amounts in nroportion. Call or write to W. JACKSON, 70 PLYMOUTH-14E011C MANCHESTER.

NO PIiBLIMINARY FBIIB CHAILORD. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY IN LARGE OR SHILL SUMS (NOT LESS THIN £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 20 years the total amount lent by the undersigned EXCEEDED £1,250,000 He has renelyed hundreds of unsolloited letters of thanks and has annually, for thn past nine years, issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses, terms for advances, or any information desired, will be supplied, free of charge, on application, either personally or by letter, to : GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KIINNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

25, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, .E5O, A DVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- (I. MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respeot• able Householders, on theft own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURA.BLIS DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. U. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT 07 THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER JOHN S. GOOD WIN. .B.—Nsts.hlishwi at this tidmss NvAmr, Years

IMPORTANT TO SORROWFUL& NO FEES.—.£IO to £l,OOO Advanced, on day of application, for any purpose to all classes, on simple promissory note ; no security ; terms to snit borrowers ; 1 w interest ; any distance ; our straightforward dealings and easy terms are well known and recommended ; special rates for short periods ; cash advanced at b.orower's house if re- quired.—Apply In confidence, sTANDARD LOAN COMPANY. 4, PARKBIR STRRI.T, WARRIMOTON,

FIIO N 1 £3 AND UPw ARCH DONT FAIL To GIVE ITS A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES THAT OCHS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEsT RATE OF PAYMICNT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable la 64 weekly £2O repayable 76 64 weekly £5 „ 2s Od „ £5O „ 178 64„ £lO „ as 64 ~ £lOO ~ 396 64„ For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply In con- fidence to MAURICE AND CO,. 31, CAIRO STREET WARRINGTON. MANAGERESS, Idles COTTERILL, CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. House, 9 am to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTE vDED TO. ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS.

NO FEES I NO FINES I I NO PUBLICITY R3AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY in STEMS iT PRIVACY to all respectable House holders, Tradespeople, Farmers, and all persons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, "on simple promis— sory note only," at reas )nabte interest and easy repayments to sult toll classes Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THE CH.:SHIRE ADVANCE CO., 25. Cairo- street, Sankey-street, Warrington ; also tt 18, Greenwood- street, Altrincham. Head Mice : 59, Brunswick-street Hightown, Manchester All applications and letters promptly attended to.

ADVANCES £3 TO £SOO.—DoN'T PAY FELb.s As those Offices who ask for fees,will only pocket your fee and refuse the advance. NO PLIES ON ANY KIND OHARGBD. NO SURITI RHQI)ISSD. NO IMPS° r- ABLB APPLICATION refused. NO FINNS IF UNABLM to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONNST and STKAIGHFO ft WAND dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply and be convin,ed to the—Manager, J. OALVBRT, °LAUGHTON 014 aIIIIIHRS,I °LAUGHTON TRI4RT opposite n, Knnae .)S T. HAT 114R9

£l.O, £l5, £2O, £25, £50.-ADVANtm; art/ MADE to ALL PERsONE WofirflY of CREDIT on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TEEMS FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Viait male by our Manager on lame day o application who will grant you the money AT ONCE satlatactory, NOTE; THE BRADFORD ADVANCE Co., 69, EJ An+ IC% STREET NEAR THE MARKET PLACE EARLESTO VPN.

ESTABLI ,11111/ OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, KING-STREM T, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO to £l,OOO ON sIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. PARTIES wishing for temporary CASH ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BB SIGNED THE LOW RATE OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GITAHANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SHALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO TH is ! BORROW RE. ! NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED, ! AND THE TRANSACTIONS AR 4 NOT PUBLISHED ! MANY NEwsPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. ' APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Rapresentatlve will call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. andy fair dealiog and reasonable charges are widely known H my reputation stands unrivalled

mhS. THOS. CLeslisE Hs WILL CARRY ON THE STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT TEE "EXAMINER" OFFICH, 33, MARKET STREET, EARLESTOWN, As before, and sincerely hope to receive the same patronage as bestowed on her late nsband for upwards of 40 y ears.

ACCOUNT BOOKS, Szo ALL kindi. nf BOOKS BCUND in any Style from the stmpleat to the most elaborate. -Ei THE G .1247CAMINER" PPINTING 0 FFICE BIiW3BY ST., WARRINGTON. pROSPECTUSES, BALANCE SHEETS. and Reports of all kinds,

Zig "Cyaminer " *cries THR WARRINGTON AND !A/D-CHESHIRE EXAMINER, !tithed every Saturday morning. TRH RUNCORN HXAMINER, published every Friday after noon. It lithe best weekly pmer lt the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Adver- tisers. JiltS Wlntegs AEA:USER, published every Friday after 1 noon. Wianes contains the largest number of alterabla works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly grow- ing centre of industry. TRH lIARLEEITOWN AND NEWTON BXAMINER. published every Friday afternomt. THE Sr. HELENS EXAMINER, nublienect every Friday afternoon. PRE PAID ADVERTISEMENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELL ANEJLTS WANTS. ARTICLES ItOIIICD, MESCELLANE us SALES. One Three Rix Words. Week. Week,. Weeks. 18 27 36 is. Od. ... 2s. 63. ... 41. Od. 45 64

DON'T MISS GOING To WWI THE REV. WYNNE DAVIES' (TRE RENOWNED LIVERPOOL PREACHER) ON SUNDAY NEXT FOR TIRE AND PLACE 888 ADVERTISEMENT ON PAGE I.

FOUND THAT FOR QUALITY AND VALUB IN WIFTBS AND -SPIRITS FULTONB ROS. CANNOT BR Mali& FULTON BROS. 20, RENSHAW' SLRBRT, LIVBFLFOOL. ALSO AT FULTON'S BUILDINGS, ROCHMALR. Telephone 2261 Royal, Llv,nrnool.

Local Vocalists' Success. At Prestatyn Eisteddfod on Monday, Miss Lily THE DRUIDS' GRAND MASTER. Fairhurst, of Tanner's-lane, gained the first prize in the contralto solo competition, the test piece being Honour for Bro. David Houghton "The raft." Mr. E. Lloyd, R.A.M.,was the adjudicator. Howley Boating Fatality. Warrington. Mr. H. Taylor, P.C.M. asks us to acknowledge the The highest honour which it is in the power of the following donations in a rs of the Order of Druids to bestow was con- id , of the two women who were , members errect upon Bro. Da bereaved by the Howley boating accident H., 11; yid LHoughton, of Warrington, on Mis Agnes Pierpoint, 10s. Edward Draper 10s. ; Masterur ednesday, when he was elected to the office of Grand a ; , J. H. Westbrook, 55.; Misses Rimmer, 2s. 6d. Furtherof the Order. It will be remembered that at sums will be thankfully received. the annual delegation held at Oswestry last year, , Bro. Houghton was elected Vice-Grand Master by a Children's Camp. majority of 9,711 votes, there being three candidates. The Hon. Secretary reports with great pleasure the In accordance with a long-standing custom, fact that the teachers and scholar iat the Warrington the vide-grand master is promoted to the People's College have forwarded to him, through Mr. position of Grand master in the 'following Wallington, the sum of £6 towards the camp fund. year after his election, so that Bro. Houghton had by This us £1 more than was collected last .year. It is long and zealdus service fully established his claim to unnecessary to comment on the splendid spirit thus the honour. Of late, however, the affairs of the War- shown. startling value " Punt= " CYCLES at 7 guineas rington District do not 'appear to have worked so value,—, smoothly, and the branch took the unusual course of J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge at., Warrington.— ' Advt. expelling Bro. Houghton. Against the expulsion Bro. P.S.A. Meeting. Houghton appealed to the Board of Management a Mr. T. Taker presided at a special open meeting of 'fortnight ago, with the result that the Board found in , his favour on all points .unanimously allowed the the Warrington P.S.A. Society held in the Co-operative appeal, and re-instated Bro. Houghton to full member- Hall, Sankey-street, on Sunday afternoon. An address ship and his office of Vice-Grand Master. An appeal was delivered by Mr. A. Barratt, his subject being against the decision was lodged by the Warrington "Rich poverty." The Warrington Juvenile Choir, under the conductorship of Mr. B. Wadsworth,rendered District and discussed at some length at the annual IConference at Crewe on Wednesday. The action of i "Song and flowers" and "Stars that on your wondrous' the Board of Management was confirmed by 40,015 way." votes against 1,495, and Bro. Houghton was, subse- New Wesleyan Church for Stockton Heath. quently elected Grand Master, with only two dissen- Thursday next will be a red letter day in the history tient& of Wesleyan Methodism in Stockton Heath for it will Bro. Houghton's connection with the Order of witness the laying of the foundation stones of the new Druids date back to 1875, and he has always taken a chapel and schools which are to be erected in deep interest in the society's welfare. From the first Walton Road. The building will be on the site he has been officially connected with the Order and occupied by the old chapel, and, it is estimated, will he has held most of the positions connected with it, cost £1,500. Towards this sum the members of the including those of lodge secretary and lodge treasurer. chapel have in hand £6OO, leaving a balance of £9OO About 11 Years ago he started the Penketh United still to be raised. The laying of the foundation stones Lodge, and in order that he might the more effectively will commence at 2-30 and in the evening a public use his influence on its behalf, he applied for his meeting will be held in the Independent Methodist transfer, to it, which was granted. The lodge laasnow Chapel. over 100 members and much of its success is due to Warrington Union Picnic., the energy of Bro. Houghton. t For many years Bro. The members and officials of the I:Varrington Board Houghton has occupied a seat on the Board of Manage- of Guardians held their 18th annual • picnic on ment of the Order, bringing keen business instincts Thursday when they visited Nottingham and Hazle- and valuable experience to bear in the discharge ford Ferry. Travelling via the Midland railway the of the important duties. He held the office of party, which numbered about 60, on arrival at their district corresponding secretary for the Warrington destination had lunch at the Trent Bridge Hotel. After- District Society of Druids for about 8 years and during wards they drove in open conveyances to Hazleford that period made three valuations Of the whole dis- Ferry and upon returning to Nottingham an excellent trict, revised the rules and introduced a new system dinner awaited them. The return journey to War- of keeping the lodge registers whereby the work has rington was completed by nine o'clock. The day was beep greatly. facilitated and improved throughout the beautifully fine and almost needless to state the out- ten lodges comprising the district. Some years ago it lug was greatly enjoyed. The arrangements, which was felt by the officers that Mr. Houghton's valuable were excellent, were in the hands of a committee of services deserved special recognition and it was decided which Mr. A. J. Jolley was the chairman and Mr. B. to present him with the titles of past district master Shearer the hon, secretary and treasurer, and past district grand master, and also with an Local Athletic Successes. illuminated address and certificate of merit. Our At the Winnington Park Recreation Sports on readers will recall that Bro. Houghton successfully Saturday, J. Houghton of Warrington secured 3rd discharged the onerous duties of hon. secretary of the prize in the two laps scratch bicycle race td T. Sherratt Friendly Societies Piocession Cornmittee in celebration of Wigan. The sports at Bangor on Whit-Monday of the Coronation of the King. The Procession was were conspicuous by the success of several local originally fixed to take place on June 26th, 1902, but o athletes. H. Motmfield won the first prize in the one owing to the serious indisposition of the King, the mile bicycle race, J. Houghton being second. In the procession, to the great regret of all concerned, had to be postponed until August. .Mr. Houghton took a two miles bicycle race, J. Houghton secured the premier place, H. Mounfield being second. C. Dagnall prominent pa.rt.in the ina.uguration. of the Warrington lheld he Friendly Societies Connell., and until recentlythe three T. Devlin obtained the first prizes in the half and three mile flat races respectively. C. H. Longshavr honoured position of President He is to be congratu- obtained 2nd prize in the 100 yards and 220 yards te upon the factt at the meinbe.rs o e la dhf the Order for open races at St. Helens Rees C.C. sports on Saturday whicsh. he has,worked so enthusiastically have by elect- ing mpa to the pre= premier office given so signal a proof and L. Green, Latchford, was 2nd in the 220 yards flat race at Wigan Infirmary gala. of their confidence in him. THE GRAND MASTER'S HOMECOMING. Local Choirs at Musical Festivals. Bro. Houghton returns to Warrington at 4.30 (this Sat.) In connection with Shrewsbury fine on Whit Monday afternoon and is being met by a cempany of gentlemen, who, with a band, will escort him through the streets a male voice choral competition was held, a prize of to. 1.12 e Lion Hotel, where Bro. Houghton will delilreerreann a t " 2(:, and a gold medal being offered. The competitors included the Warrington Male Voice Choir, and the Friendlysan4 receive the congratulations of the d Society officials. From the hotel he will be points awarded (out of a possible 60) were :—Birming- escorted to . Sankey Bridges, and there met by the ham Gleemen, 45; Warrington, 56; Birmingham Penketh Tannery, band and members of the Parish Male Voice, 52; Pergwern, 43' Birmingham Victoria, Council, who will accompany him to Penketh. A short 40; Huddersfield, 59; and Talke , and District, 52. meeting will be held at the schools. The adjudicator (Dr. R. Rogers) said the War- rington Choir was a wonderfully well trained choir and sang the piece with refinement. In the Male Voice Choral Competition at Llanwrst Eisteddfod on Monday, the Warrington Apollo Male Voice Choir competed, but were unfortunate in being defected by a single point by Southport, who carried off the prize. The test ptece was " Britons " Protheroe). Music in the Park. Mr. T. J. Down's military band, will play the following selection of music (weather permitting), on Thursday evening next, commencing at 7-30. Con- ductor, Mr. Arthur Down. Programme: March "Distant Greeting," Doring; valse ':La Plus Belle," Waldteufel ; overture " Romantique," Keler-Bela ; selection " Lucrezia Borgia," Donizetti • chorus "He that shall endure to the end," Mendelssohn ; polka " Neumarker," Faust; "God Save the King." The following programme will be given by Oros- fields Works band on Sunday at 3.15 p.m: :—March, " The Cossack," Rimmer ; selection, " Donizetti," Round, Test piece New Brighton Contest June 17th; euphonium solo, " The Gipsy's Warning," Hartmann, soloist Mr.G. F. Bedforth : grand selection, "Paluito," Donizetti arranged by E. Swift ; chorus, "Hallelujah" Handel; hymn, "Afternoon," arranged by W. Halli- well : "God save the King." Conductor, Mr.E.Smith. H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC aids Digestion.-- (Advt.) Mr R. A. Naylor and Unionism. About 150 members of the Criccieth Ladies' Unionist Association were entertained at Plas Hen, Llanystwmdwy to tea, &c.. on Friday, by Mr. and Mrs. Egerton Bracken. After tea a meeting was held on the lawn in front of the mansion, Mr. Egerton Bracken presiding. Sir Hugh J. Ellis Nanney, Bart., said by uniting the colonies with the mother country and maintaining the integrity of the United Kingdom, the latter would be the heart of a mighty Empire. Mr. R. A. Naylor, who was very warmly received, said never was Unionism in a more flourishing state in the constituency than it was at present. (Cheers.) Whatever they might think he could say from what he had seen and heard that they were going to win the coming election. (Cheers.) The seed of discord that was being cast abroad by the Radicale would by-and-by produce a crop of bitter ill-feeling in the country. Mr. Ryman Hall, in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Egerton Bracken, referred to the candidature of Mr. Naylor, who, he said, was considered as the best possible candidate for the constituency. He was a man whe had travelled a great deal, and who had used his eyes and ears to a good purpose. He knew how we were handicapped in our trade by other countries. This would all be stopped if retaliation were adopted: Mr. J. E. Smith and Mr. E. E. Owen also spike, and the resolution was carried with acclamation. UNDER THE CLOCK for Goad BOOTS.—Adyt. Local Government Board Inquiry. Colonel W. R. Slacke, R.E., held an inquiry on behalf of the Local Government Board at the Town Hall on Friday morning into the application of the Council for sanction to borrow £4,150 for purposes of electric lighting and £4,006 for the purpose of defraying expenditure in excess of the amount authorised to be borrowed under the Warrington COrporation Act, 1899 for the provision of new Police Buildings. The Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle) made the application on -behalf of the Corporation He pointed out that the electricity loan was required for extensions of plant and purchase of land. He said the land was being sold to the Electricity . Committee at cost price, the Corporation having bought it some years ago at 1-d per square yard. The land was an acre in extent. —Councillor Pemberton said the com- mittee were being charged £l,OOO for an acre of land. The Town Clerk had told the inspector that the committee were having it at cost price (17,d per yard), but that would only come to about £550 and not £l,ooo.—The TOWII Clerk : There are expenses connected with it.—Councillor Pemberton : But there is a vast difference between £550 and £l,OOO.— The Town Clerk said the Corporation would , never attempt to apply to the Board to borrow more than they had paid for the land.

. , On the purity of the Starch I depends the life of the linen and laces. " Cheap " starches-- mixed with foreign ingredients— are expensive starches to use. A good starch, a pure starch, an indispensable starch is • I C ILEIAN'S 0 er3i22 A V 1 (02,4) r'lii glia - ri , I Soil in 1 lb., 1 lb., / lb., and Penny CARDBOARD BOXES. i; f. Amp See that Col man's name is on the box. .4.441 o, 0.0.

kte .k.EXIELE. CPBL - .;"4. The latent and beet development In CZ Bicycle Brake.. Unique new principle. Operated by a alight pm.), of the fingers, produees Inetautaneoun action bock wheel. Giveis great retarainf,ap%wer without strain Ever y eyr'todneltZern ide it. Desuripti. ' $ l *VIM BRA 'KV'S'qYiN'eDt IfC"ATE, W 3, WORCESIER STREET, BIRMINGHAM. o.o4t9sWreMlaariai

IA MARVELLOUS PERFORMANCE.] Noim, •, • Iftv. loot ' "'"yrr'''P"' ~" -*M•''l, if .1) CIG) '4l ' ..4-",t. .:;,.,•-•,„1 I,3JR IfloP .i, I.' umgarA .64.- ste,,',. A • 00 ' '1 -1 401)1: ) , 1.: eTrecla , .:‘ ''',..;• er. 'O.', .. -", . 4,44 TBE ONLY VARI- ABLE GEAR TO EVER DO THE LIKE. THE ORIGINAL INVENTION. FIRST lAND BEST EVERYWHERE- HAVE IT ON YOUR CYCLE, AND TRAVEL FARTHER AND FASTER. • .dy1ei,„,,.....tt1.'-'. . WITH LESS WORK. BOOKLET FREE. r THE HUB TWO SPEED GEAR CO., LD., 4 Greengate, Salford, Manchester.

YOU CAN'T DO BETTER THAN CHOOSE ~• 4••• -et • ` 4-4 • • • L . „ • . . . . . , • . • The most, popular bicycles of the 1905 season'. Great reputation, and full of the good qualities that constitute perfection in cycle manufacture. Machines of highest excellence at the most moderate prices ever heard of. POPULARS. Hyde Free Wheel, Two Rim Brakes, Plated Rims, High - grade WOO Tyres . . . • STANDARDS. Dunlop Tyres, Steering Lock, Free Wheel, 8:8:0 Two Rim Brakes, Plated Rims • • RACERS. As used by Mr. 011ey . in his famous Record 8-18.6 Rides . • • • TWO-SPEEDS Everything of the Best, including the genuine SMELte Hub Two-Speed tient-, that makes Cycles fly up hills . . • Our 1905 Catalogue, full of charming Pictures, interesting Portraits, and useful Information, sent post free anywhere. THE NEW HUDSON CYCLE CO., Ltd., BIRMINGHAM.

LOCAL AGENTS: W. COOK & Co, 152, Peasley Crass Lane, St. Helens. F. CRABTREE, Bridge Foot, War- rington. J. AUSTIN, 66,1(ing St.,Earlestown.

Warrington Man's Alleged Perjury. At the Stalybridge l'olice Court on Friday of last week against Walter Cross, a builder and contractor, of Stalybridge and Dukinfield and , formerly of War- rington, was charged with committing perjury in a statutory declaration. Mr. R. Garelde Ives, who appeared on behalf of the Director of Public Prosecu- tions, said the declaration was made before a magis- trate in November, 1903. A. Mr. Rawlinson had negotiations with the prisoner for the purchase of a house and shop. The property was freehold, and when a man was an undischarged bankrupt he could not give a title to freehold property. A statutory declaiaticar was prepared, and in that declaration Cross stated that never in his life had he been adjudi- cated a bankrupt, either on his own petition or that of any other person. He also stated that a receiving order had never been made against him, and that he had never filed his own petition, or taken the benefit of any Act for the relief of an insolvent debtor, Upon that declaration the proposed purchaser paid a deposit of £5O. Later, discoveries were made, and 'objection Was made to proceeding with the purchase unless Cross was proved by the officials in bankruptcy at Warring- ton to be not the same person whom he (Mr. Ives) bad in his mind as having been a bankrupt there. Eventu- ally Cross, who denied that he was the same person, ga‘e them the option of breaking off the negotiations, which was done. Mr. lves added that the proceedings were brought in the interests of public morality. The Bench remanded the prisoner for a week, allow- ing bail, Cross in £lOO, and two sureties of £5O each. On Wednesday at Stalybridge Police Court Cross, was again remanded on hill. Mr. It; Garside Ives, for the Director of Public Prosecutions, said he had to prefer a farther charge against the prisoner of haying ob- tained Foods to the value of more than £2O without informing the person from whom he purchased them that he was an undischarged bankrupt. • NOT TOO FAT TO RUN. After two Hoxton labourers had accepted the offer of Mrs. Hall, of Hendon, who had been shopping, to give them 4d. to carry her basket, one of them said to the other : "She is too fat. to ran; make a snatch." So ' they dropped the basket, snatched Mrs. Hall's purse,and bolted. She ran after them, however, sufficiently fast to ensure their capture by a policeman. They were remanded. FLASTIC sTommos, firanf clAr.s, etc.—For Variara Vein i and all eases of Weakness and Swelling of the Leg. I Sprains. &a. They are porous, light in texture. aril in- expensive, and are drawn On like an ordinary stocking.— Price 4.. 6d., 'ls. 6d. and Its. 63. each. Postage free.— ' WHITE & WRIGHT, Sorvinal Instrurnent. and Truss Makers, ! 56 Renshaw st., I.4Yerpool.—Adat.

[::kUtEIIER °COifW lirtt:3

WRITE The best Free 'Wheel and the most powerful effective FOR Brake all combined in the finest Cycle Rub manufactured. FREE Can be fitted to any cycle, new or old. Better, more moderate . BOCK. in price than any other system. Ask your local Cycle Agent a VV. DEPT. B.A. bout it. "DIE MAN' 'F G Co., Ld., REDDITCH. ........__

For PILES 100 YEARS 0 .. ..... IMPUTATION 4 "DR. MEETS' PER MAN'S MEND." The best Aintisepti.: Ointment for Wounds and ' Skin Dise,es. Ha' 41-0141i0, coouraci, , SOOTHING. of :.11 cinnnlsts, or of BEACH & BARNICOTT Ld., Brldport. • W.1....0 PI.M.s lai 2/9 4/6, Ste. Post Fre, :frna for Pett-!.7414. : ..i; ~i 1.;,,,q5..i::v :•.,"650....-411.0 ,i' ~-,,• ri, .

I) .., . 1111 KVIEIy, C(l(,)(,RuNd . IA Izßlurlielzr jeurreirl,lobsyt ~..,, successfully pplied for over 23 years. Post free I.!. :Id and 26.3 d. ' BETE? ' Co., 34, ribandwiek Place, Edinburgh.

FREE TO ALL. We Rive a Nielde Silver Timekeeper, war- ranted ‘..po ori.: op Pair of timee .r, for , fly years. Album.ears . wac Case tr eoef ;.)1.4.': . to 1 any person selling43p b•fautiful tihfriele- ..... c. 70,,:, feoouoruwr PictorialePke.n.rfrounfto sell °t! halo" Sa mwa r; gj lint \,..,..cy.p 3. no:3ldr friends e flee In s .a few d mwien uwonsi f nWf wh When sold. you ?, any of the above-mentioned Presents, or any other Present you wish to select from our Hat. Write at once (pomtcard will do). Mention paper. MB ART CARD CO., 34 sumner rd.. Birmingham.

SO PAGE ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUL. .--, Wholesale Prices, Cyc:es, Motors, Acc,sserie,.. .I:soo,„ner 1:-*E and seconyttanclumma.s, Ilk:, ats:tual y s„ oc, . . Never snch I•argains E 1,,,.., offered. 4,41,1%11,1 Cill!. ..... 4 (21.,./.Q ...,01111 livery Accessory. \Yr. __ _ ~j, Frames, Tyres. Wheels, ,tc. \J so per cent. less than other mak, r, Warrllose & Car Weston-a-Mara. England.

_ Ueing Nxw '`Yowt.t," M.terittin for WASHING AT HOME, erol thereby saving time, saving' labour, and sorb; the Clothes 1' cool unnecessary WPM' Ma tttnr. You can olitnin toll particular. of thew Machines by pending a postcard to Tense URA I, roam & Ca., 140-147. 11 It 0.1.0 rm, London; Victoria Mean°, lleitiocare, Manchester; ' Liverpool ;or Crescent Iron Works, Salford.

FOR. WORMS IN CHILDREN If your child is dull, drowsy and colour- less, . Occasionally has an . abnormal ! appetite and also has an offensive breath, it is almost a sure sign of inttstinal cr thread worms which may easily and safely be got rid of by using liT....TtNo's Woe TABLETS. ' At all Chemists, ifil•per USE KEATING'S WORM TABLETS..

iousands of delighted travellers acknowledge it to be the ideal SUMMER . HEALTH, AND PLEASURE RESORT. Why incur the trouble and expense of a long Foreign Journey when the GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY CAN TAKE YOU IN A FEW HOURS TO THE DELIGHTFUL CORNISH RIVIERA? Fast and Luxurious Trains. Cheap Fares G.W.R. Co.'s Tregenna Castle Hotel at St. Wes. WRITE TO SUPERINTENDENT OF THE LINE, PADDINGTON STATION, W., for Illustrated Booklet Free. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager.

What the celebrated author. M r says. about MAX CPOERMNBWE AR ILO N: "I was delighted with the place and the people, and I can quite see the numerous possibili- ties of Cornwall as a Pleasure Resort both for Winter and Summer. Cornwall astounded and delighted me."

40KItt' #11111: 41 i i ‘ffir-Irm ~. i,,,A it\ \\ • LONDON MADE I It ,i'L fi 7 , £5 'BANK' WATCH , ,v- °Trtnnir - Quercrzn PLATE English Lever. BEST 1 i :4 LONDON MI E. Chronometer Balanc £e, K 5 n, eyless actio A L , ,I ,01,, n Sterling Silver Crystal Glass Cases, , • ~,, 1.0 ~ (In Massive 18-øt. Gold Cases, with Crystal Glass, ..£15.) t 4i# OR ON "Cu Ones" STISLEM MONTHLY PAYMENTS AL* salsa-rm. et!, ll.a.icse es MU foxy CALBI-1. Na ii 1w °Warry":Chat" "r' 10i- Deposit with Order, 9 successive Payments of 10,- each for 11 LU STR ATE D N. 5. °of Cloe 10. . Im- the £5 Watch. For Gold Watch, Monthly Payments of LI. BOOKS /473701 reVeranWir= Stearn Factory: 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. LFREE. for Present&.

Practical, Progressive, Persistent. 9, Sheffield Telegraph says :—" Mr. Ernest is something of a hustler—he is very thorough in his methods." Birmingham Mail says :—"Mr. Ernest is distinctly progressive." English Illustrated Magtabse says :—" Mr. Ernest really searches for buyers and for cash buyers."

Do you want Cash for your Proport:

or Business?

There is a purchaser for every piece of property. There is a property for every prospective purchaser. The one great problem is to bring them together. We have solved that problem, but in order to do so successfully it was necessary to equip an organisation at a cost of Ito,ooo per annum—it was necessary to secure the services of a large staff of highly trained assistants—it was necessary to combine in one gigantic enterprise every known means of effect- ing sales. The cost was great—the success has been greater. Our advertising reaches two-thirds of the entire population of the United Kingdom every week. Among them there is unquestionably some one who will buy your property at a fair price. Among them there is unquestionably some one who has just the piece of property or the business you require. Our facilities for selling and for securing properties and busineses of all kinds in all parts of the United Kingdom are distinctly different from those employed by any other broker. We don't ask you to take our word for it. That we render just the kind of service you need is conclusively proved in our booklet "One Hundred Endorsements of Ernests' Methods," which contains irrefutable evidence of the success of our methods from well-pleased clients in all parts of the country. These people have no axes to grind. They have no interest in us beyond what we have clone for them. And what we have done for them we can do for you. Send us brief particulars and price of the proficrty or business you desire sold, no matter how large or small, or where situated, and we will send yea a free booklet and personal letter showing you how it can be sold. If you want to buy write for our list of i,ooe investments.

, LONDON: 307, 308, 309 & 309 a, Moorgate Station Chambers, E.C. # • MANCHESTER: 86, Cross Street. yl) LEEDS: I, East Parade. BIRMINGHAM; 43, Cannon Street. WRITE NEA, Telegrams: "Erneutast, London."

A GOOD FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST 3 WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life, and yet we thinl . the idea might improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some • Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. and we find that the desired end may be o )tained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stopp'7.es. Others might be used but COCKLE'S PILLS as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. KL B'S FREE FROM MERCURY. rt‘i 181 LIO CS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. PILLS.

TIRED MEN. When you ere tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Blectril Belts, write to we, and I *vill you a Book, which ehows how every man, young and Ma, may P,13 qulekly and thoroughly cured of NAIIVOLIBNBaS hXHAUSTION, VAHICtiCHLIt, and DRBILITY, from any cause whatever, WITHOUT STOICICH or ItLisCrltiel CY% Hone.reds of cures. Book sent sealed,post (rte. for two stamot.—A. J. LBIGH, 92 and 93,Great Russell London. W.C. Over seventeen veers' oneoeseful resnits.

r.., _ —Handy to have in the House. i 9 A box of BEECHAM'S PILLS is a handy thing to have in :. I . the house, and if a dose is taken at the moment of need much illness will be saved. Any trouble arising from derangement of the digestive organs is quickly set right by 11 J.,',1 119114 1 VI 0 ' They are unequalled for SLUGGISH LIVER, s 9 othmerorreemtoedbyu.ild up robust inl et ad i nm ietdti chianne wa ni lyl do '-C healthT This ; sa 'nu rmi vaai

. . IPAtRONISED BY ta-OVALTY,. Noa!pajEyc ""•-• •=e,..,_ - ~....,.... • , - 0 ~.„...::.:.:„.:.:.:.::,:,z, • „. - • -... (' #sogi]:igwk:, .„...4„....c..... ....,_,,,,4„ .. :....::::i::•!:iii:iiiiiii::::::::,...:,....-.;.. PITTS'S -, ,Aminosin:::i;ixs,, ~. z PITTS'S 1 , -. , Fil ODE L " • --.'. ,igig:•ir::•:!:Akeiit:: .A.: • "SPECIMEN I FURNISHED • fi•Mig:- .. :1, •:::::ViN:•.'i..W.; -4., FURNISHED k :V.:: ....'; ::::,:..Z.:`.:.E•::':;:. HOUSES, MIN -• • •-::::WM;i:,.':t....11A -.i ROOMS, Seven Rooms ' 4 ' igNi;i!h:::.:-:iii:;.44i*.V.;i.in::..s.,:e, ~ (TWEFi T v ) Op) for 200 Guineas, ::a:iiiiif:4:::::,r''::,••••.]:•••,....:::.Wi]::ii,.:i.::,il.,*-4. tt.., at from 7to r. Five Rooms giiii'•F:::ii:i:iii,,,::W:E;:iiifo...:; . ~. no G„ineas each. . • 1 .....-.••:i..:".:954. for 100 Guineas, . •l*:::!*ii::::::: :::::•,:it:. "iy:K::':::::::::::::.i:i',K?%.,,- .. represent V , '',0:::i:!::,:t::b...: z:i.sokt4i••• ......, . Alwayszn V V View- UTMOST k . . ' ......:.::::1:.5::;1,:,,-....::.:::E., . '..4,'F.,,' . VALUE ‘,,s, -' London Road, ', ~'" - ii •:-.1... obtainable, 1 ' ",':.: + i E MANCHESTER ' ' 14_ __.,,,,,,.. -: • , : ‘e, ' • - . ' . •; • ___,i,. 47 , ,;„,..:.. _. • c,...44_,,,„, . SAMUEL PITTS , .., ~, • -, , . _ . ..--., ~_.t: 4 —fic OLDEST ESTABLISHED IN THE KINGDOM - ....r ......1 ,i,4,....1 ''''

Dales' a wondered water protoor to BOOTS & H All NRSS. Sot. t. 71, and reoederuverm, a iltohwe ttrwrttil:tt lag with black mg. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITIOS HIGH BS! A WA 'ID S. Dubbin fins id.. 6d., p. erzid of Boat hf akers, Sadd•ers, Irartmotteers Erc. Maxnlaciery East Moixtrch London

RU 1181.003 USINESS ROKERS ANE

VALUERS) Esta.biished 1875. If you want to buy a genuine Business, or require a partner, from £5 to £5,000 n Liverpool and District—consult us. NO SALE. NO CHARGE- -34, South Johil Street, ((m Lord LIVERPOOL. Estrect•

a) I py -lips a.,.. C . powDER Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of *vary successful hostess. RICH IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR.. BMWs Cuatiairci is the one tales; needed with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. bri, S! NO RISK! NO TROUBLE!

START CURING YOURSELF TO DAY! If you are suffering from any disease due to an Impure s'ate of the bifocl, it lift serious matter, and does not admit of del y. Before 3ou ran be restored to health the impurities Must be driven out. All Wool -no okin Diseases, sueh as ECZEMA, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, SCROFULA, DAD TAGS, GOUT, SCURVY, ItHRUMATISM, PI MPLBS ac Cm a positively cured by taking a course of Clarke's B ood Mixture. the Werld-Famed Blood Purifier. 1 hie famous medicine is warr tntedt o (leen', the blood from all impurities from whatever cause ari-ing. Thousands of testimonials trave,r,een received trom rts of the world. Of all ',herniate and otores, 2s 9d. per bottle Ask for CLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE AND BEWARE OF bUTATIONS.

pRICEC LISTS Printed on card or paper Illustrated, It required. _ ADDRESS or viarriNG CARDS Printed from plate or type. POSTERS OF ALL SIZES DANCES: BAZAARS. SPORTS. SHHVICH-. TEA PARTIES. ANNOUNCEMENTS. JOHN WALKER & Co., 'IELRPHONE 355 Y. PRINTERS, BCOKBINDERS
