===== 0002601_19050107_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
COU.Iii T Y BOROUGH OF W ARRINGTON. EDUCATION COMMITTEE. The SITES and BUILDINGS COMMITTEE are PRE- PARED to RECEIVE from ARCHITECTS practising within the County Borough of Warrington. PLANS for the erection i' of a PUBLIC ELEMENTARY SCHOOL in the Orford Ward. A copy of the Conditions and Instructions to competing Architects, together with a plan of the site, may be obtained on and after Monday, the 9th January. 1915 on payment of £1 Is. (which will be retnmed on the receipt of a bona-fide i set of plans), from J. MOORE MURRAY, Secretary and Director. Education Office, Sankey at., Warrington. 6th January, 1905. - -

WARRINGTON UNION PROBATIONER NURSES. VIERS ARE TWO VACANCIES at the Union Infirmary for tv,,, prooatiouec.. Applicants must be over 21 years of age, and be well educated. Salary first year £l2 second £l6 and third £2O, together with rations furnished apartments and indoor uniform. Lectures and general training afforded and certificates awarded. ROSPLLAL MAID. Also requirerl a maid for the Nurses' Nome, Salary £l6 per annum and the usual allowances and uniform. Full particulars as to the duties of ihe above can be obtained from Mrs. J. F. A wbery, Matron upon sending a stamped addressed envelope. By Order, J. C. SUTTON. Clerk to the Guardians; January 4th, 1925. CONTRACTS. THE COMMITTEE OF TEE REGIMENTAL INSTITUTE at ORFORD BARRACKS, WARRING. TON, ARE PREPARED TO RECEIVE TENDERS for the supply of Beer, Minerals, Groceries. Milk, Potatoes, Vegetables, Bread, Confectionery. Coal, ecc., Cigars, Tobacco, Fish, and sundries for a period of six months, commencing let FEBRUARY. 1905. Application for the special tender form to be made to the President. Regimental Institute, Orford Barracks. Tenders to be delivered by 12 noon on the 25th JANUARY. 1995, addressed to the President. Regimental Institute, securely sealed and marked on the envelope " Tender for Canteen Supplies." (Signed) E. J. CLARKE JIIRVOISR, CAPT. President Regt. Inst. 8/40 R.D. Warrington, January 4, 1925.

folt INIAGEHL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MARE, WARRANTED, POST FREE 2s. ed., 35., 4s. 6D., AND ss. 6D.

J. 0. DODD. 10, ST. JOHN'S LANICALIVBEPOOL. BALM =CREASING DAILY.

1'

P

• ..;*, ,

===== 0002601_19050107_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON IkIU4ICA L SCCIETY. REHRARSALs WILL BE RESUMED IN CAIRO taRRET SCHOOL ROOM. FOR CHORUS ON TUESDAY NEXT, JANUARY ICTIL 1905. AT 7.30 P.M. FOR ORCHESTRA ON WEDNESDAY NEXT, • JANUARY 11T11, AT 7.30 P.M. W. E. ATKIN. HoN. SEC.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVE AND ENJOY LIFE. AS FREE FROM PAINS, ACRES SICKNESS, AND DANGER As MAN CAN HOPE TO ATTAIN. USE VITA-LEO "A. MARVELLOUS REMEDY." EXTERNAL TREATMENT. Simple, safe. and certain Oharanteed the most marvellous speoitlo for human ills ever placed before the public, AN IDEAL EMBROCATION FOR ATHLETES VITA-LEO OINTMENT CUM Ulcer., Sores, Wounds, Enema, and other Bkin Diseases. Bad Legs, Blood Poison. Piles. Fistula, Ac. CURES WHEN ALL ELSE 'PAILS. BY POST: VITA-LllO Is. 34., Is. 96., and 21. 96 OINTMENT, 76. and is. Id. Direct from Manufacturers, ILABbARD AND CO., 180. GREAT BRITAIN STREET. DUBLIN. amphlet on" Disease, Oau se, Prevention and Cure" Free

===== 0002601_19050107_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
(MEAT CLRARANCH SALM. FULL LIST POST FIIBB ON APPLICATION. / 6 _ leap ChronographAG NI F !In OAANIT eG,4111.e1l movement, perfect timekeeper. 10 years' written warranty, also 18-carat gold (stamped) filled double Curb Albert, Seal attached, guaranteed 16 years' wear, worth £2 2.. Three together, sacrifice 10s. 63. Approval before payment. / 6 —VEIL% IsIAWNADME jelwB-131Ale!tAmTovGeOmLeDnt-?AeSxßacDt timekeeper. 10 years' warranty ; also fashionable long Watch Guard. 18-carat gold (stamped) filled, elegant West End I design; guaranteed 15 years' wear. Two together, sacrifice 10s. 63.. worth £2 2s. Approval before ps7ment. /6—LOVBIA REAL RUSSIAN SABLE fox colour rich and lustrous long Stole Bur Necklet, with handsome Muff to match; worth 3 guineas. Sacrifice .1 6/9 113AmGrntuFmielitrNuTM trumpet, lever le4vser action, with six law. 6d. Records ; lot, sacrifice, 168. 93. 10/6—LADY'S magnificent £5 ss. solid gold. lax ll- marked Diamond an Emerald Doublet Half-hoop RING ; large lustrous stone. Great sacrifice 10s. 63. A. W. DAVIS, PAWNBROXBR AND JEWELLER, 26, DENMARK HILL, LONDON.

INvoms for Grocers, Shoemakers, Clogger Butchers. Bakers. Plumbers. Publicans, to. A. DDRE°B or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type. PROGRAMME FOR BAZAARS.

JOHN W ALKSII & CO.,

WARRINUTON

===== 0002601_19050107_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
EDWIN PRYOR AND SON. 1221 LONDON ROAD, LIVERPOOL. PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, SILVERSMITHS, AND DIAMOND MERCHANTS. DIAMONDS, GOLD AND SILVER WAI C HES.

(BY ALL THE LEADING MAKERS)

SOLID SILVER, ELECTRO PLATE AND JEWELLERY

01 EVERT DESCRIPTION.

30 io 50 pi. ... LESS THAN JEWELLERS' PRICES

- _ _ Old sold and Silver Antiques, Diamonds etc., bought or taken In exchange. Money advance on Jewellery, Diamonds, Watches, Plate, &0., to any amount at low rates of interest; strict privacy guaranteed. Parcels by post, will receive prompt attention. TELEPHONE, 2081. • •

===== 0002601_19050107_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & CO.. EXAMINER PRINTING WORKS

WARRINGTON.

PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS, BOOKBINDERS, PAPER RULERS, le. Estimates given for all kinds of work. DELIVERY and ORDER BOOKS Printed Bound, Numbered, and Perforated to Order PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, Si"' RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPTION BOOK Printed. Bound,.Nucnbered and Perforated t order. POSTERS OF ALL SIZES

===== 0002601_19050107_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
30ote10, Vporo, Zoartrinq 05tabs

===== 0002601_19050107_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
eiMuratinn.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
Q AND SCHOOL, CHoSHlRE.—Moderate k_7 Fees. Illustrated Prospectus from Headmsster.

I IN 1 V EsPlu eScIETLIC BHOOA RODLI N,sca To !IL SOUP.FOORRTors Anion W. HIINDERSON, M.A., Principal,

===== 0002601_19050107_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLD AND DIAMONDS GIVEN AWAY x am now giving away absolutely tree with every 100th, 2'Otti, end 3uoth order etch day, on receipt of Is. 6d, for my beautiful Parisian necklet with gold-plated clasp. A solid

GOLD AND MAHON') BROOCH. Hundreds delighted. Testimonials daily. ATTICNBROII6H. 36.5, Of/WEL LY MANKOICS, GRAY'S INN ROAD, LONDON.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST SHOP FOR REPAIRS.

fßonen

70 PLYMOUTH GROVE, MANCHESTER.—CASH ACCOMMODATION £3 to £5OO. Interest 4s. In the £l. Any dlstance.—Apply, MANAGER.

EVERSIONS.—AII classes of Reversions bought • quick It completions ; limns arranged at low rates. dortgage securities wanted at 31, to 4 per cent. Business Transfer Agency.—T. SMITH WORSLEr, 26, Cooper St., 31s.nchester.

JOHN FLETCHER is prepared to advance £5 to CI BLOM day of application.to all bona fide applicants, on promissory note only. Cash adyAnced on deeds, shares, or BOY kind of collateral security. Most reasonable terms to suit borrowers. Town or country. All transactions strictly private. Letters promptly answered—JOHN FLETCHER, Market Buildings, 17,Thomas st., Struclettill, Manchester.

LOANS GRANTED DAILY, ANY DISTANCE, FROla £5 TO £LOOO FOR ANY IMMEDIATE WANT, BUSINESS OR PRIVATE, also for purchasing or starting new business, on simple promissory note No fines. SPECIAL TERMS TO FARMERS. All applications Immediately attended to. Apply in confid- ence, personally or by letter, to THE STANDARD LOAN CO., READ OFFICE: 9, CORPORATION ST., lit ANCRE9 IRE

I NO FEES! NO FINES I ! NO PUBLICITY I ctQ AND UPWARDS ADVANCHD DAILY t 1 in STRICTE9T PRIVACY to all respectable House holders, Tradespeopl., Farmers, and all persons worthy of credit, without sureties or bondsmen, .• on simple promis— sory note only," at reasonable interest and easy r.ipayments to snit ellclasses. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THE CHESHIRE ADVANCE CO., 25. Cairo- street, Sankey-street, Warrington ; also it 16, Greenwood- /treat, Altrincham. Head °face 59, Brunswick-street, Hightown, Manchester. AU applications and letter promptly attended to.

ADVANCES £3 TO £500.-DON'T PAY FEES As those Offices who ask for fees,will only pocket your fee and refuse the advance. NO FRES OF Ala' KIND CHARGED. NO S(TRRTIES REQUIRED. NO RESPRO T- ABLE APPLICATION refusel. NO FINES IF UNABLE to pay for a few weeks through illness or being out of work. HONEST and STRAIGHFORWARD dealings guaranteed. Interest very reasonable and repayments arranged to suit applicants. Apply and be (niacin-ad to the—Manager, J. CALVERT. CLAUGHTON CHAMBERS,I. CLAUTIHTON TEEET opposite Dr. Knowles) ST. HELENS.

NO PRELIMINARY FEES CHARGED. MONEY LENT PRIVATELY

Litr6E OR -SMALL f137(11- (SOT LESS TKAY £10), ON PROMISSORY NOTE ONLY. During the last 20 years the total amount' lent by the undersigned

EXCEEDED £1,250,000

He has received hundreds of unsolicited letters of thanks. and bas annually, for the past eight rats, issued selec- tions from these in pamphlets, of which more than 300,000 copies have been printed. Prospectuses. t.rms for advances, or any Information desired, will be supplied, free of charge, on appitcation, either personally or by letter, to

GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MA.NCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

11-ONEY! MONEY !! MONEY!!! £5 TO £lOOO. LIJL To each and everyone a hearty invitation is offered before going elsewhere to call or write to me in confidence and convince yourself that mine Is the lowest iPterest aa 1 lowest rate of repayment in Ragland. The entire charge £5 to repay £5 6s. 04. £lO to repay £l7. Os. 01. £2O „ £23 0. OA. £lO „ „ £3B Os 04. Larger sums proportionatelv. No !souss-H is application refusal. For honourable and straightforw kri dealing apply at once J. JRNNINGS, Manager !private house). 9. ' /I.f.ADICY v ST.. WARRINGTON No delay. Strirtest privacy hether business done er not. Cash delivered on day of at plication. Distance no objet.

£5, £7, £lO, £2O. £3O, £5O, £lOO. -- ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect- able Householders, on their own security, without delay, on your simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. EVERY INFORMATION FREELY GIVEN. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES, FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER JOHN IL GOOD WIN. .B.—Establishei at this Li Ithill Twenty Years.

IPRO M. £3 AND UP W ARDS. DON r NAIL TO .1: GIVE US A CALL AND CONVINCE YOURSELVES I THAT OURS IS THE LOWEST INTEREST AND LOWEST RATE OF PAYMENT IN ENGLAND. £3 repayable Is Ed weekly £2O repayable 7s 63 weekly. 2Od „ £5O „ 174 6d „ „ 31 6d ~ £lOO , 39s 63 „ I For STRAIGHTFORWARD DEALINGS apply In eon- ! }Menne to MAURICE AND CO.. 31, CAIRO STREET I WARRINGTON. M/NAGERESS, Miss COTTERILL. CASH DELIVERED ANY DISTANCE. HOURS, 9 am to 9 pm. N.B.—LETTERS PROMPTLY ATTEVDRD TO

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YaAfts. B. HARRIS, 2, RING-STREET, RAMAT, AND 13, NEWGATIM STREET, CHESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £IO to £I.OOC. ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE.,, DAR TIE'S wishing for temporary CASE ADvANcus should note the acloaotacces offered, viz.— ' THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO Bt' SIGNED THE LOW RATh OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD-1 ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY' THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING'. OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THS' BORROWER. THE ABSENCE OF ALL FRES. NO BILLS OF sALE ARE TAKEN UNLES6 AGREED. AND THE TRANSACTIONS All% NOT PUBLISHED, MANY NEWsPAP ER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION' IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative 'a ill call personally npora: applicants and complete the transactions a their own homer' or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable Charges are widely kown and my reputation stands unrivalled

TUB

===== 0002601_19050107_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NATIONAL LOAN SOCIETY

- Ii expressly established and registered pursuant to At of Parliament to make private advances without loan office formalities to all classes (male or female) from

£5 To 1;1,000. ON SIMPLE WRITTRN PROMISE TO REPAY for any immediate want to start In business. furnish your house, to pay rent or rates or rot any private use. The advance C41:1 be paid back by easy instalments or can remain out from one to five years by paying the interest only. Having a large capital always ready for Investment, we can lend quickly and cheaply, Distance no object. Interest and re- payments lowest in England or Wales. The money is advanced at applicant's own house if required, thus saving them the trouble and expense of a journey. Strict privacy and straightforward dealings guaranteed. It will cost you nothing, it will save you pounds by applying either Derscn- ally or by letter for our free prospectus to the NATIONAL LOAN SOCIETY. 41. CORPORATION ST.,BIANCHESTER or to our district office, 82, MILL ST., CIIRWB.

-P5 £lO, £l5, £2O, £25, £SO.—ADVANCE owe MADE to ALL PERSONS WORTHY of CREDIT, on NOTE of HAND ALONE, SPECIAL TERMS FOR SHORT PERIODS. NO DELAY. Visit male by our Manager on same day of application who will grant you the money AT ONCE if satisfactory. NOTE : THE BRADFORD ADVANCE CO., a-bri AYDOCK STREET NEAR THE MARKET PLACE BARLESTO WN.

''',.:' ...,1:.',-;5;:".....,,...,1,1•?,...i.,,..4,-..::i••%:-.;'.-i...r.':•.•-.:...-......, • -.:7,!.....41,i,4-e1if1,...;::;.•!'i...•:...,:!...:'•';',:•-,'...;.--....-.:-.....':. '...,'; "

===== 0002601_19050107_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
, , . . . . , . , . , , 2 mcDOUGALL'S patelit SELF-RAISING FLOUR VENTS INDIGESTION. . The Examiner, Saturday, January 7,1905. ... , BLANCHE. I here and there in the sky, and the chill of a passing Only for one moment was she meekly frightened, lin which it falls when it means to completely cover' WARRINGTON RURAL DISTRICT Iday was felt in the rising wind, then the spirit of defiance arose. Instantly she realised d blot out everything. Mrs. Martin stood on the [BY GRACE DEANE.] COUNCIL. i ,! his tme we ere getting home" cried a cheery she was right in thinking one of the two men, still talk- doorstep watching the doctor as he got into his trap. voice from the gate. Together the four walked home, ing was Ben, but that only increased her defiance, and "Good-night" cried he with a cheery voice despite the Upsall lay aniong the Yorkshire dales. It was a mere i enlivening the way and their thoughts with inane a her contempt fell on him, as well as on the cowardly i snowflakes," Good-night, you won't have her on your illage, and had no pretensions to architectural beauty ' laugh and joke, for which they usually haL to thank Poulton Sewage Question. nor even to the picturesque, but it was indeed proud of Bobbie Hatchett. tramp. a Roger I Roger ! " she called quickly, once or I hands an invalid long." twice : a call that was promptlyauewered by a silhou- Mrs. Nfertia stood a moment at the door, watching the landscape round about :-the gentle contoured hills CHAPTER 11. ette canine appeating in the doorway, against the back- the Erector away, when suddenly her heart bounded. the rugged glens, green fields, and above all, the shady Blanche Nunn was the doctor's daughter. The ground of rosy lamplight. The tramp's self-assurance at the gate cern a man, and the wind and the weather, The monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural • lanes. solitary doctor of Upsall was a man eneameesed ti'th,l4,-i ,41,1 Ws Lee; eeiLfrom. him like a cloak as be simply i the eleom i.l the ,snow could not blind her from seeing District Council was held at Bewsey Chambers on - One lane especially was narrow and quaint, looking, practice and profession to such an extent, that he faded awa.v in. the-d*We eel' aaa•et ---"‘Y---:•;7:. ' - - --ea-- ea- ----..e.- -:------ • - Wednesday,. Mr. T. Halton presidion. There were also 23 if iticonld indeed lead one" to the island valley of apparently knew less than the village about his own The barking dog refused to be s , cert. - The eon- Bien e was sleeping-keracefullY -lind happily, '-wEien- ""--- aa-aals; ' • .' ' ''''''''st-.1-2.' 01atm":....„.. Arillion."lt was high bordered with beech and hawthorn house. Any gossiping housewife in ti place could fusion and commotiorithey made as she endeavoured to Ben .came in. He knelt beside the bed and looked at rooks, J.C. Sutton (clerk), S. utton (assistant clerk), hedges, and further sheltered from the glare of the mid- have told him that Miss Blanche and he steemother order it within the house agalnewas only qqietened by the gentle face on the pillow. He noticed the happy ,B. S. Newcombe (surveyor); H. H. Burnage (assistant day sun by tall elars and oaks,aucl hereand there a wide- did not " get on," a fact that was none the less true the sound of Boss's voice. Ben at last. But Ben's voice smile and the tender look about the mouth. "Gan you 'surveyor), F. W. Kerfoot (inspector), and Dr. Sephton spreading beach-tree, which threw the road beneath all because these same housewives did not appreciate the did not quieten Blanche. She turned outhim with forgive me. my Blanche ?" he murmured low "it was ; (medical officer). into shadow, except where flecked and patterned with second Mrs. Nunn, for she was not a woman who had scorching contempt and in her anger, she did ;tat quite I wrong of me to leave you air did arid tor such a little I THE PoULTON SEWAGE. • ' the won the esteem of the autocrats of the village. :bright sunlight that had altered down through the realise what she did say-and afterwards the pain of thing Lay darling." The Cr..Ea M K reported that he had written the follow- overhanging branches. Yet as Ben's wife Blanche Martin began to be very remorse was too bitter to force her memory. All her Ben waited, kneeling I eeling beside the sleeping Blanche. ing letter in reply to an inquiry from the The picturesque beauty and above all, the calm shel- happy in her new home. It was small enough certainly, jealous thoughts she showed, but not her tender ones: i Soon he saw her eyelids flicker, and she opened her I Local Government Board:-The subject of the tered air, made it peculiarly enough a fine setting for and Pretty enough for the most critical eyes. It was all the anger that small woman's frame was capable of, I eyes. Love and happiness had met again. "My boy- ;sewers at Poulton-with-Fearnhead has received the courtships of the youthful tiPsalleis, and no doubt built on land that belonged to the Hill Barnes Farm yet none of its exquisite gentleness. lat last " she whispered. pit Ben was speechless. He / and wall receive consideration and no material the frequentcy of this dual appreciation was the cause/ though some miles away, and had been part of the In the grey of the early daw ling of the next day, Ben kissed her white-face almost rewarently : there was no I ground for hurried procedure exists. When the conces- of its becoming known as the Lovers' Lane." dowry of Ben's mother. Se what more natural than stood bAidellis sleeping wife. she was sleeping heavily, need for words, for in the brief instant their eyes had sion was made on the part of Poulton to the municipal Here, one evening, strolleda youthful pair-Blanche that it should be the home of the youthful pair. Roses exhausted by the previous night. When she had so first met, each had read the other's heart, borough of Warrington, it was honourably understood Nunn and Ben Martin t they were apparently listening climbed the walls of the house and claimed the greater grievously misread her own heart, no wonder Ben mis- But -a wee piping cry was heard, that the Corporation should in return accept into their mere to the benedictions of the sleepy bird world above part of the garden-a garden old and large, where read her too. "Ben-oh! Ben !-I had actually forgotten him for system the Poulton sewage. The Corporation are about them than to anything else. The correct attitude for floral nature had been allowed to run riot at her own He stooped and kissed her gently, before he went the moment in seeing you.-Look at him! Is he not a to extend and improve their system,and it is important engaged Upsallers,when wandering in this specialty sweet will for years. Here Blanche foresaw many happy away. "I wished you could have loved me Blanche" darling-your own little son Ben." ; that careful consideration should be given to the whole dedicated spot was arm-in-arm, while an arm round a hours that would be spent in coaxing pathways, and but very softly for he did not wish to wake her. "Blanche-and I left you all alone! You brave subject.lt is probable the Local Government Board will waist was considered to be specially gratifying and to due respect for order into that rosy blossoming when Blanche did wake, waking half-ashamed, Plucky little darling." The tears had started to his shortly direct an inquiry at which the claims by the he commended. Yet these two walked-for Lovers' wilderness. ' ready and eager to be kissed and forgiven,lo and behold eyes and Blanche seeing love shirting through his Rural District Council will receive full consideration. Lane-quite far apart. Ben sauntering along, with his The greatest charm about the house was that it was there was no Ben. "Gone oat for a walk n thought remorse, felt moved with a happiness so exquisite that Mr. NEWCOMBE reported that since the last meeting hands in his pockets, as if accompanied only by a dog. Blanche's own. No domineering influence with a she, and almost thankful, she dressed as quickly and as she felt her own eyes brimming, for great happiness, of the Council he had had interviews with the Borough Blanche with her hands clasped behind her, and tier strident voice ever haunted her there. so, free of dis- prettily as she could, hastening downstairs to make a often works as us a great sorrow. Surveyor with regard to the Poulton sewage. The head bent forward, AA was her wont when deep in approval (which was a foregone conclusion in every- most delightful breakfast, for when he should return. Her cup of life was indeed filled to the brim. With chief points upon which they were agreed were :-(1.) thought. As they walked aloug,a suppressed chuckling I thing she did at her E•psalf home) she arraue,ed and Bat a writing case was lying on the table, and on it Ben at her side and her baby in her arm, what greater That if the District Council cannot find other suitable behind them caused the threads of their reveries beautified the little house to her heart's content. For was a little note. Carelessly curious, she opened it and could life hold? outlet for their sewage, the Corporation must receive to be broken, to stop and turn, Perceiving as they did the first few weeks her mind was filled with such read And outside the snow fell softly, making the earth this sewage into their town sewers. (2.) That the so, a couple of mutual friends approaching, serious and absorbing questions as in which room Would 1 "My little Blanche,-I am going away for I cannot white, but not more white, than the light of hope of present Baatersby-lane sewer is quite sufficient to accom- " I'll show you the way to walk Ben," cried one of- the big blue bowl look best ?Or should that quaint ~ bear to be here when you hate me so. I was hoping the life before them, that shone for Ben and Blanche. modate the whole of Winwick, Orford and Padgate the new corners, Bobby Hatchett, as the two marched tall charr adorn the little hall or-well where should it I you would learn to love me sometime, to love me as I -.........-. ejectors in in£l7oooorrisf-osrtretehte. sewage for many years to come. (3.) That there will be past Blanche and Ben. Then they stopped-Bob and go? And was that the very Prettiest way of draping shall all my lifo love you,"-and that was all. no great difficulty in gravitatingthe whole of this sewage Molly Primrose laughing loudly with the carelessness muslin curtains? The Financial Reform Almanack for 1901 (which by the way is not an AlmeneclY at all bat a hand book 4. That theTh esti site yo feptphreoltpirmeo proposed estimateed e j , Poor Little Blanche : The waiting of the night be- of happy youth, and after a moment's hesitation, Ben She would make a tour of her little house,thoughtfulty fore was as nothing compared with this. It was some I dealine, with political questions) will be issued in 2 few cost of extra work and larger ejectors, &c., would be and Blanche joined in, with the falsetto of those who do criticising each room's various aspects, as seen by any- time before the meaning of the letter imprinted itself days. The publication has been delayed in anorder to very near the mark. 5. That the District Council not altogether enjoy laughing at themselves, one entering the doorway, standing by the window or on her mind. Yet he had loved her-no-he did love l insert the latest figures on the Fiscal Question and th f itworosut lrl haveoutlay, to enter o eeroe ipn7taopnedangsareletseeo ttmhatmt ifwithfo arte xtahtnre W time t " Well ! have you quarrelled, or are you pretending sitting in any particular chair. A big armchair in the her. And she kissed the little note that had wounded books contains a lengthy article with the census and o Corporationcot osate r uponrti hneg they you've been married ten yea ? Now which is it ?' "parlour " invitingly comfortable, even if patently old her as with a sword. particulars of the occupations of the people are given demanded Molly with mock seriousness. She was a tall was reserved for Ben, and accordingly placed just where The breakfast was never set that morning. Later in for 1331, 1391 and 1901. There are also valuable tables bright girl, sparkling brown eyes, rosy cheeks, and a a delicate Japanese vase received from Molly, stood out the day, she journeyed off to the Hill Barnes Farm. a on the wag and hours of labour in the United States are called upon to remove their outfall from the river, vivacious manner that seemed hut the replica of her in relief; making a fine contrast against a black oak distance of some three or four miles, to tell her story;to and Europe, taken from the American Bureau of Labour to share with them proportionately and jointly for the looks. She was the belle of, the village-the well- bookcase and cabinet, that was making a genuine f the whole Continuing he said • 1 treatment o . g s . am Statistics. Parliamentary and electoral statistics are beloved of all, and at this moment, particularly of attempt to count its years in centuries. It was no easy task to tell the mother, y under- preparing fresh plans and sections for the new schemes ._ Ben's mother. brought up-to-date and are articles on National Finance Robert Hatchett,the only son of the Hatchett's of Wet But there were rifts in the lute. stood. Sorrowing with Blanche as if shebut it would be manifestly impossible to complete them Blanche, who could not wholly ignore that there a her own Sugar Bound Mining Royalties and various other .es, Furrows Farm. in time ter your meeting. In the meantime, however, subjects • imports and exports are fully given. Molly Primrose was a great friend of Blanche's-des- might be truth in what she had heard, reproached her- daughter, and at the same time hurt and t -y, for was it not Blanche who had taken her only from her , soon as the air is clear enough,l will take fresh sections pito the difference in the nature of the two girls, self silently with marrying Ben, though outwardly she side.only to drive him away into the woad. from Winwick to Norris streetmpon which the best and Blanche was small and slender, with a creamy freckled was happy enough, and attentive to all his needs. The What was to be done now? They had no W3a as to The competition for the King's Challenge Cup of the most economical datum at Norris street may be fixed. skin that is so often possessed in conjunction with the first few weeks of their marriage had gone by, where Ben had gonemt what he was doing ;and Blanche Life Saving Society will be decided in thc sea at It will be seen that the exact level of that datum is the richness of burnished-gold hair, commonly called not in that exuberant joyousness thatenewly-married was determined to live alone in the little coulee, Blackpool on July 8 and 10. Several foreign and most important point of the whole scheme. A foot too auburn. A retiring sensitive nature seemed to lie in folks often exhibit, but with a constrained quietnessmuch fall would be six inches extra cutting wasted waiting till Ben came back to her. "But my dear, its colonial societies will compete. her grey eyes, which just now were raised to Molly's, that at times seemed almost distant politeness. One thousand eight hundred ragged Blackpool children throughout the area, while a foot too little would be with a tacit snggestion to walk beside her, hidden does'nt love me a bit," as he glanced from his book to "Never mind mother, if lam " answered Blanche " have been reclothed this week from a fund started by ! absolutely fatal to toe whole scheme. However,as soon " She not se, and you'll be lonely " beneath her laughter. Blanche sitting sewing. And she with eyes intent on ,as I can have this section and area plan prepared, Mr. Molly saw it, and promptly telegraphed Bobbie orders her work murmured to herself "He is thinking of Lucy "it serves me rightand I'llbe lonely till he comes again' 0 the Chief Constable to engage Benin conversation, while she usurped Ben's Mary." loierameer,,,,,erti„..._ . 1 place by Blanche's side. It was a very amicable Such ttioughts pained herneedlessly, for the spectre as'OP.e .e.-' '''• • 'oler:ilea ~....rfejka.). -.0•06.0 0 4110.114)-- at,Oaer•- 1 arrangement. . "Lucy Mary Rollings " was alnkys in her mind and • e.t!..".. •41a 0 •soge'ea' r,Mtaa • 0 ks'afa'sie .. "Will, my dear" she began, with an emphatic note constantly by her side. She often misconstrued of interrogation in her voice, as soon as the two unconscious Ben's remarks in a way that would have • l'a4ie , es...e:ree- arariatragree,---..eia. . .00,21"._401:41?..,9,3.at3.6.e"-- --"" ' j''''G:C-4.C.•••wa49 ollto' 1 men had gone on in front beyond what she presumed was astonished him had he known. She was too proud to • riii• - 12! • (mite- 'ate'tslinwe'eltim. ordinary earshot. show her jealousy, or even to own up to it herself, and eneweaermio . ereaa ii 4 • • Wee. e• :1;6- "Are you not a little bit excited in thinking of in her anxiety to conceal it, lest Ben should guess her , •,.....,-,....4.47... to-morrow week?" she asked, as her preliminary had not thoughts, she thought the more. ' '1e..424(1)..t.e.#.:01:4440..)• been answered This was what she deemed was the barrier that existed eetel •le aA 30 'YEARS nF "Oh Molly no-but, I wish it wasn't so near." between Ben and herself-a berrier that her timidity . •`e.):00 •r=r , "Not so near ! Why ? " cried Molly " that is not could not surmount-she being afraid, she would find i3;):40 -t.55- ere; a•-•' , the way fora happy bride to talk Blanchie." what she so dreaded was only too true. • . 1e1e.:45. UNPRECEDENTED SUCCESS Ict.'-.4114:4:- Yes but Molly-we haven't been engaged so very long. Ben dimly realised the presence of an ice-berg in his In fact,every time Ben and I meet and talk,l think after home and felt powerless to help it, much as he loved AP1:607 AS all I know so very little about him." Blanche. He saw she was unhappy and put himself , "Oh well, that's nothing" laughed Molly "besides down as the primary cause of it, though why he did ' you will soon find out how he likes his eggs boiled, and not know. eirAi)..fst) the UNIVERSAL REMEDY for 44,6 ......,---• e- his coffee sugared, after you are married you know." The ice-berg influence is not the easiest way to "But I didn't mean that "said Blanche slowly "I-" happiness and a bridegroom's heart. A man's self- ‘ll4 0.9 . . "What did you mean then ?" reproach in an unsmiling young wife is not a husband's tn. „,.- Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis ~.• , "Oh ! I scarcely know but -" And again Molly ideal. At any rate it worried Ben so much, that he was y K.0).412) interrupted, seeing from the pale face beside her, that often irritable with Blanche, when he honestly knew.he 1 aitY•Wai':' 4:01,...... ~ . , the girl was evidently embarrassed, so she abruptly had no special reason for his irritation. es -'...--' no„ ea, .. . changed the subject. When Ben, after his day's work on the farm, reached A...-- iksthma, Whooping-Cough .4. . -in,. "Oh what about your wedding dress Blanche-I've his home one evening, there was a daintily set tea wait- N"'^a/as It; ) re./k41401 , el-WI/et not seen it. Has it come home vet? and do you like ing for him, as usual, and a daintily dressed Blanche, .......4.W,J. et) it ?" Blanche smiled realisinz Molly's thoughtfulness, also as usual. The August sunshine had dressed her in I Vio•ala. :00; "It came yesterday from Willingborough " she said, a thin muslin gown-her wedding dress-and her I :07607 Influenza, Hoarseness, &c. "I hope it will look pretty, it is just a muslin gown burnished red gold hair was carefully curled and coiled you know Molly." about her pretty head, and she had not forgotten a !' , j•lliroN ;,- a HAS PROVED 4.W.144,70 "Muslin!-Why I thought it was to-have been of silk." ereamy rosebud, bewitchingly placed among its masses , , rola 03, ri0g5.,..,... , "Yes, it was " assented Blanche " but mother over one little ear. As Blanche sat beside her husband, 1 1,11/)., er. . ~..., *O.O said the cost had to be considered, and there is a lot of deftly serving the tea, he thought how he would like to e._. Per ,40 - e• e Oa 'c..O a )...•-•'''; ' expense as it is so I did not bother much about it." kiss that little ear! Instead he said "There is a, circus , • -..-... ~..:-.)z.---- don 4 „op 'But Blanche, I ara disappointed. Isabel and I are on to-night at Hengsby. Shall we go Blanche ? 'L.:e ' wearing silk, and white muslin is such a very ordinary She looked doubtfully at the teapot, as if that had a - gown." voice in the matter, while she said indifferently " Oh, 4,..e. F-a. 'e," 4‘e)=-•°'•sO , . "But this is not white Molly, it is green." I don't know." 'co Ala agree "Green !" echoed Molly, "why that is worse than Why not ? " asked Ben. tw` giwre-4 ever." Now to Blanche. Hengsby was the home of the gay -0.- ' "Mother says the colour is very becoming to any Miss Rollings, and though she would never hare admitted . one." ' it, this was the reason she did not care to go. ,r5t„,..406 0)11:i d ..:, ~,,„5,,, ,_, `7.0%-"ry 1 "That stepmother of yours is too fond of interfering "Well it is so hot Ben." .....4'• er.....'"4. my dear. Why cannot she let you choose your own "It will be cooler bye-and-bye." ~ , wedding gown! And 'married in green, your sorrows "Besides 4l'm not very fond of a circus." Blanche CiA We'el ireea. . soon seen' say the old folks." looked through the window at the charming garden "Peon. 'e,) t.a• .0, "Don't say that" answered Blanche "and besides I'm without, and mentally compared that fragrant Arcadia (I)o4'ai-ll'a' V'. -I.llrae . not superstitious, so it doesn't matter, and I've such with the heat, the shouting, the laughed-at vulgarity, lit n g AT-so 101. i c a lot of other things to think of that the dress does not and the bustling crowd she would find in the circus tent- :4 '‘,•• nen, worry me." at Hengsby." And I really don't want to go," she said. • , .--e• Molly Primrose was a little surprised at this, Ben looked very much disappointed. His smiles waned4.nel•'*44: for little Blanche was most fastidious about her and he sought for more congenial topics of conversation. :'o'i IF t-S•4 re ••.-....- e clothes generally, and for some reason, never clearly When tea was over Ben withdrew to the deep windowe'veiliii -- ...,,.... - defined, had more of the gentle-woman in her appear- seat, with a text-book on "Practical Fermin,' " in his !Allege "•-ti mice, than any of her compeers-the farmer's daughters hand and began to study it. But it was ailesultory Ma.olll • TO BE AN ABSOLUTE NECESSITY TO EVERYBODY. 4ati it ~,..... t). round about Upsall ; a circumstance that even the study at best, for he restlessly turned the leaves and ...-• IV/ . - brilliant Molly came as near to envying her for as it was stared out at the garden far more than he gazed at thees',"- a 4,-.) possible to be. page before him. eSeaWl5. life.nl'a ee. • a- „f.Vk a, V "Your dress does not matter! Then what does?" Blanche seeing that Ben had really wished to g 0 to ..je 4).6 The enormous Success of Owbridge's Lung Tonic could not she cried" Now just hen dear girl Blanche, and tell me the circus said, " You go without me, Ben dear, I don't 'OA ' • 4 1 • everything that is troubling you." in the least mind." "You are kind Molly, but I don't know whether you "Oh, no-I don't care so much about it as all that," ',WILL have been won, and continue to increase after 30 Years, , will only laugh at me or not." he said ; "I'm well enough here." (Z 7.1 . "v•tfl apart from its great intrinsic merit as the most efficacious e:-..."w-e;-.4", talf ar? "Tell me and see." *Blanche then took a chair near, instead of sitting i n "It's about Ben-I don't know whether I ought to the garden, thinking to atone for her refusal to go to ..44,„. marry him or not. Last night I was in the summer- Elengsby by being particularle.amiable. But Ben was efir ..,,,,4"ii....e. remedy ever known. house in the garden. I had been reading and had just disagreeable-her conversation jarred, or else as he said, "a. Ow, . a pat my book down thinking is was getting too dark, distracted his attention from his book. " How can I •railelir ' :4; 4).wr • a.; t.:../ 4.-',. 4dlnie a when I realised some one was talking behind the rose- study if you are going to chatter all the while ? " liii) ear Beware of Substitutes ; ask for "OWBRIDGE.99 when ,_:•,,e-iir bushes. I heard their voices and knew it was mother And Blanche being hurt, was silent. oil) ........t ~....• 4.;11) .41, 6, ` • and Mrs. Bradley. And mother said ' I always thought After an awkward ten minutes of silence, only broken •VA •#. , bun Lung Tonic and TAKE NO OTHER. 4-110.. he didn't care particularly for Blanche-who would by the restless rustling of the pages of Ben's book, he ~ • indeed?' and then Mrs. Bradley answered 'He is only got up, murmuring something about he might as well go ir,":„?. te . marrying her out of pique, after his .quarrel with the out at once if she was going to be so unsociable and eto , 4%0 • Prepared by .1•1 -•••••m„, Ws* Rollines girl at Hengsby, but of course that is not your never say a word- L. ~.-.0-7i4.42_.,..,...e. ' ctPl ' 41)."•nle e. 4.0• QV affair.'-'1- am only too glad to get rid of her' said "Oh, Ben, I wanted to talk and you wouldn't let me, _ Mrs. Nunn, and then they moved along the path, and and I've had no one to talk to all day," she cried as he se, •me W. T. OWBRIDGE) Ltd., Chemists, Huli .44 " '., • 41 . I didn't hear any more. It was very wicked of me to shut the door sharply, and his footsteps sounded across ariin. a :-',4e, . • ---Fi'' 'eV' ~ i.,,P wir Sold everywhere in bottles, at is. 1.(i., listen, I know., but I felt almost as though I couldn't the hall and out at the back of the house through the ...I,)* GYII4. r:4.") ate) . move. Since then it seems to me, as though I had kitchen. -t.;*:'?'. GO -,"(0,- 2s. 9d, 48. 6d, and us. •,.., 4.,, :, „• • , known it all the time, and lam sure it is true." What a long evening it was to Blanche. Garden. '•%;,*•) . Wit.,,!;,, "-My dear Blanche, you must not let such tittle-tattle books and: sewing were all alike unable to give her ."-til")!IIIIL''!/e.e. Zire• tee'Or • . hurt you, still less spoil your wedding happiness. Why pleasure or occupy her thoughts. "How unkind Ben '-'. k--.5;.4.;.• (ait% COPYRiaIIT. you know what an inveterate gossip Mrs. Bradley is had been-and-and" as the evening wore on :etit'a_e TorfAiziT.,*••, . :,-4 err • and as to Mrs. Nunn-" words failed Molly, and the darkness caused her to light the lamp, I-ri,..:ANNoi**)•„ ..-,4*166 f'.- , "Yes, that is the worst of it" said Blanche realising she felt more worried and hurt at Ben's absence than '''•ft;'.ll.l',-. Ai! ii- --'..t.)::tf>::•)74{.o:- vit, . -r-i_C-4: Molly's unspoken thought "I don't know that I should ever. How tired she was-if only Ben would come. . '''•e&f.e-e --A6.6.defilie C•eerfa 4:45 ever have dreamt of marrying him, or at least, so soon, A knock at tho front door caused her to jump up -.ear etaaezee a ae•e•reetr, . • . - if I could only have felt that my father's house was gladly Ben did not come in that way as a rule-still- my home. But he is constantly busy and never notices but no it was Molly Primrose instead. things at all. And-if all this is true, I would not "Oh I have only a minute dear "she cried "Bob is " Does-does he knowßlanche ?" Longdin will give an estimate for the extra works, and .. marry Ben for anything, yet I'm so miserable that I waiting with the trap, but r wanted to tell you that we "No mother dear-healoesn't. I did not tell him." HOCKEY. arrange draft conditions for your consideration. think I'd marry anybody just to get away." are to be married after the harvest. Are you not glad CHAPTER IV. The report was adopted. • Molly smilingly drew the little hand within her arm, to hear it ? Why were you not at the circus Blanche Blanche's little house continued sebe a great pleasure -- . THE HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT. "Lucy Rollings, my dear, is just a mere ephemeral we have enjoyed it immensely. Are you not well ?" to her. Spick and span she kept it outside and in, so as SALE V. STOCKTON HEATH. The MEDICAL OFFICER reported that during the butterfly. She is very attractive I must admit, but it ," Yes lam quite well Molly thank you, and lam very to be ready for Ben at any moment. There she lived, These teams met at Sale. Stockton Heath were un- month there had been 21 births and 34 deaths. The . is not an attraction that is lasting. She flirts instead glad to hear your news "said Blanche looking forward with love and hope to the day that fortunately short of four of their regular team. Ewen death rate was equal to 35•8 per 1, and 22.7000 as a,g the rate for ainst 32.0 the • or making friends, which is very foolish, as she will no "I thought so dear and I had to call for I wondered if should unite them again, was the only absentee on the home team and his place average of the past three months , doubt find out later. As for Ben, probably he was you were ill or what when I did not see you with Ben,and When the summer waned into autumn she stayed was adequately filled by makinson. Sale attacked early the corresponding period Of last year. Of the deaths dazzled for a while-though I scarcely think it-but he the crowd was so thick that I couldn't get near enough within her house more and more. There was less work on, and T. S. Battorshy ran through from the' 25 'and 23 occurred at the County Asylum exclusive of which 1 is too sensible to marry that type of girl. I commend to ask him how you were " rattled on Molly regardless, in the garden, and she found comfort in her many scored with a good shot. Almost from the bully the the death rate proper for the district would be equal to his taste in choosing this, 'and she patted the little hand "but I really must runaway now or what-will Bob say.By• beloved books, no less than in those best of women's same player scored with a terrific fly shot from a neat 11•6 per 1,000. resting within her arm, the-way, it is a pity you could not have gone with Ben, friends-a needle and thimble. In this way the dreari- pass by his namesake. Stockton Heath made several NEW sFITTLE BRIDGE. u , "But" asked Blanche, looking steadily into the brown for then you would have seen the fascinating Miss ness of autumn passed away and the winter came, incursions into the Sale circle, and Browne effected a The SURVEYOR reported as follows:In accordance with eyes beside her, that as steadily returned her gaze "But Rollings. Listen ! that was Ben, I know his whistle. It was a clear cold day in early December and Blanche good clearance. B. Thornber hada good opening, the instruction of theproprovement Committee. I have now , do you think it would be wrong to let him marry me- Goodbye dear," and with a hasty kiss Molly had flown had spent, as she often did, all any long with the old goalkeeper saving under the crossbar in brilliant style, arranged with the county Bridge Master, Mr. Compton if-supposing all that I heard be true. for I would'at to the waiting trap and Bob. folk at Hill Barnes, and much to the good mother's Sale increased their lead before halftime, B. Thorither Hall, for the alteration of the position of the proposed . make him miserable not even to get away from M.s. So Ben had gone after all, grief, insisted on being taken home again at the approach , converting a corner shot with a hard drive. Stockton new bridge. It will be remembered that the plan as : Nunn." CHAPTER 111. of dusk. ' Heath played up better in the second half, and Browne proposed,by Mr. Hall showed a new corner at Soapery . "Don't let it distress you dear. It is rather more Old John Martin prepared to drive her to the little was twice called upon to clear. T. S. Battersby took a Row no better than the present one on the old bridge. Blanche waited longer for her husband than ever she . than likely that it is not true-and if it is-don't you cottage. He was very fond of his pretty daughter-in- pass from Thornber and dribbled through in clever style Mr. Hall is quite agreed as to the improvement as . had had to wait before. All alone, no sound within the love Ben well enough to make him happy ?" law, and would sit for hours listening to Blanche sing- / the same player again scoring before the whistle blew suggested by us, and will submit an amended plan as house and no sound without, so she waited restlessly, . "I don't quite know Molly, and that is the truth. ing_er talking to him. ; for time. Result :-Sale, five ; Stockton Heath, nil, soon as possible. When this is done I shall be able to Sometimes I think I love him, sometimes I'm merely tto nno say nervously. She had prepared the supper Wien they reached the cottage it was dark, and either STOCKTON HEATH A. V. SALE. arrange for the land. and when these arrangements are . grateful him and sometimes I fairly hate him." table and then wandered about, first to this room and made the new Spittle Bridge may be commenced any . - then that peering out of the windovr,or drawn to stand at because of the darkness or the cold, the old farmer ' At Stockton Heath. Both sides were poorly repre- ' "Its rather late in the day to show such indecisiontime after the Ist of April next. the open door. Was he angry with her or was she with ' •h h .. • h must have been clumsy. for when he helped Blanche out sented. In the first half of the game Sale was very • Blanche, you've got to make up your mind during the . - of the trap she slipped and fell. --et.-- . ' him ? Her thoughts were first anxious then tender, aggressive and managed to put three through, Luke do- next week somehow." Wycliffe P.S.A. Society. , "Yes I know" answered Blanche "but suppose I ' or just as she was framing pretty words to greet him, ~,,,John Martin was. greatly concerned, though not so ' ' The usual meeting was held on Sunday afternoon, went home to night quite determined not to risk such yellow-eyed jealously crept up and she felt herself a ' - ' ,' BLthought not his wife say? i the visitors again pressed strongly, but about 20 mm- Blanche. What Might happen to her, and what might , ing the needful on each occasion. After the interval . martyr. ', How unkind of him ! ' and miche . anirremediable step as marriage. When Igo into the I 1 i,ites. from time the Warrington team gave the Sale de- when there was a fair attendance of members. Mr. W. -considerable anxiety, and were decidedly un- Beswick presided, and extended seasonable greetings to house, father will either be out, or deep among he had never heard of such an ugly name as Lucy Mary his Iltolli g yJohn carried her into the house and after seeing her the assembly. He spoke upon following Christ during comfortable in front of a big fire he drove back with ' lucky, 'repot scoring. Four more goals were added to 1 fenders . y ' papers and books and not thinking a bit about me. n--$• all speed to meet the just displeasure of his wife. 1 . But what should she say to him when he did come'? • Mother will have something so bitter to say, and . . ." Let her fall !- 1 fall! you et her Let me go a once. 1 I t I the visitors's score through, the instrumentality of the year,stating that according as they followed closely, Crawshaw. Hawkins and R. Pierpoint played a line a such a sneer on her face, that all my determination I Laughing, loving kisses and sweetly ask how the circus My Ben would never forgive me if aught happened to so would their lives be made happy.-Mr. J. A. Yonge, defensivef Stockton Heath. Result • S 1 A game or.- a e ; melts away in eminute. Oh if only my own mamma she be a reservedly cotragedy went' or ' should-cold , principal of the Congregational school, Saltburn-on- r should she The clock ticked on and queen o cry? Blanche. Poor little girl, and she no mother of her seven • Stockton Heath A nil. had lived:l could not be so miserable." Sea, was the speaker, and spoke upon "Fear God - the hand rolled round inexorately slowly. "Will he own. Just drive .me to her John and you be ready to go , -, ----410.---- A sharp turn in the road brought Blanche and Molly „ to the doctor if its necessary." Honour all men : Love the brethren." His address was never come ? Mrs. Martin while talking, had been bustling about BREAKFASTS FOR ST. HELENS SCHOOL CHILDREN. listened tolwith great interest. A self-conceited person, Ron their respective knight errants, sitting upon a The night was dark, there being no moon the air was ' P. . friendly gate, pipe in mouth and puffing calmly. The and in a very short time, in bonnet and cloak was A somewhat acrimonious discussion took place at the he said, was unbearable. While some over-estimated ft and heavy with scented sweetne,a; as beats a . . , rRI glowing clouds in the west were rapidly melting being driven rapidly in the direction of Blanche's home. meeting of the St. Helens education authority on Wed- themselves, others underrated themselves and in both summer night within a garden. "Oh Ben-Ben--do It was as Mrs. Martin had feared. Blanche was ill, nesday on the question of children attending school cases usefulness was destroyed. It was wise to think ' and fading into the greyness of night. A star twinkled come home to your little wife" she murmured softly and appeared greatly relieved at the presence of the I with their breakfasts. The Chairman (Colonel W. soberly,have a due regard for all men. God had a great a But there was no answering sound, and she paced downthe garden and leant, still waiting, op the little garden mother. "Go down to the village John " were her next IW. Pilkington) and other members said they had made regard for man, and manifested that in all times to His -STOP A COUGH IN ONE NIGHT. orders "and fetch up old Mrs. King and when you've inquiries and found that there was no abnormal amount prophets and servants. In conclusion the speaker asked ; - -- gate. The road before her was not so shadowed with ' brought her, you had better go to Dr. Berry." of distress, but at two schools there were some cases the members to love the brethren, and so unite 0 reach trees and bushes as was the garden, and through the . , . The winter night was cold, the deceptive sunshine of certainly needing help. Subsequently a meeting of the the fallenand perishing. The hearts of men might be . . darkness, Blanche fancied she could distinguish the the day had given way to a gloomy sky, heavy and Corporation Committee was held, when it was decided disfigured by sin, yet they still bore the impress of a forms of two men talking together. "Surely that is Ben" she said "but why--" "Gie a poor man a bit ' grey, suggestive of a coming snowstorm. A look of to vote glOB from the Mayor's fund to enable the child of God. Therefore they should never despair in o utter dreariness had settled over the landscape, such a Charity Organization Society to relieve the cases that reaching out to the fallen. The secretary welcomed bread, miss," growled a gruff voice close by, and one new member, and wished all a happy and properous thoroughly startling lonely Blanche. A road wanderer desolate garden emphasised by the gaunt bare trees came under their notice. . New Year. Mr. Payton, Mus. Bac., presided at the had approached her, unseen and unheard aed stood about. But inside the house there was radiant joy. organ. A message of sympathy, was forwarded to the uncomfortably close with his impudent leer and his Blanche Jae still on her white bed with happiness Best News Rev. John Yonge, the hope being expressed that Mrs. til --- '-- - ---- --- G t'il ate of I beer-laden breath. " I have nothing for you" she said - Great Tower-street, London, says, in his er i cshining in her eyes, for] within the curve of her arm , Yonge would soon be restored to health. *--Ivsis :-" lam of opinion thas VENO'S LIGHTNING ' hastily, though he . . r hand stole to her pocket thinking nestled a wee brown head. ' - -ill prove a valuable remedy in the cure that a few pennies might induce the tramp Le resume Snow was falling later in that gentle insidious way to-day-Fels-I\raptha. A SWIM FOR LIBERTY. - end all bronchial complaints?' his journey. But the pocket was empty. "Nothing --"-earoad. South Hemp- for me' haven't yea" then I'd better help myself" Makes washday half, and every - -",14 a high growled the man, with his hand on the gate to press it - -e open. The little figure in its muslin draperies was other day easier. ' : leaning against the top-most rail and started back in dismay as this suggestion of the tramp. She hopelessly tried to bar his progress, and hold the gate against the Fels-Naptha 39 Wilson street London EC man.

TAKE VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE. The remarkable rapidity with which V ,;'o's LIGHT- NING COUGH CURE absolutely cures the worst cases of coughs. colds, bronchitis, asthma, •atarrh. weak lungs and children's coughs has gained for it scientific recog- nition throughout the world. It is vastly superior to ordinary cough mixtures or any of the emulsions. GRAisiVILLE H. SHARPE, F.C.S., Analyst,ll and 12, Great Tower-street, London, says, in his Certificate of Analysis :—" I am of opinion thas VENO'S LIGHTNING, COUGH CURE will prove a valuable remedy in the cure of coughs, colds, asthma, and all bronchial complaints." Rev. W. DACRE, 5, College Villas-road. South Hamp- stead, London, writes June 17th :—" I have a high opinion of VENo's LiGHTNLNG COUGH CURE : I have used it with much benefit to myself and have recom- mended it to others." Ask for VENO's LIGHTNING COUGH CURE at Chemists aid., is. lid., and 2s. ed. Sold everywhere.

Do You Ltxr aura ? Then why not eat as much as you want? KEENORA prepared Cake Flour makes cake-making easy and economical ; and the cakes are delicious ! Try the flour at our cost ; we send you a free ilb packet on receipt of 2d. stamps for post- age. Directions for making cakes are enclosed with each-packet. To be had from Grocers, Bakers, 6.:c. Keenora Co., 38, Sir Thomas-street, Liverpool.

An exciting scene occurred on the towpath at Hamp- ton Court on Wednesday. A man wanted by the police was walking by the riverside, when two policemen attempted to arrest him. He dodged them,and jumping into the river, swam away down stream. A looke r-on got a boat and rowed after the man. The swimmer was soon caught up, but he made some resistance, and was only brought to the bank with difficulty.

_ _

--

===== 0002601_19050107_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. • • • •. . • • ._

===== 0002601_19050107_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL HISTORIC SCENES IN THE

COMMONS,

HENRY W. LUCY (" Toby M.P." of Punch).

The first time I chanced to be present when the ordinarily still waters of the House of Com- mons were broken up by sudden storm, happened about thirty-one years ago. Mr. Gladstone was in the course of his first premiership, and the historic Parliament elected in 1868 was slowly dying. On what should have been a quiet Tues- day sitting Sir Charles Dilke rose to move for an enquiry into the Civil List, the extravagance of which he had a short time earlier denounced at a public meeting. Sir Charles, standing at the corner seat of the Front Bench below the gang- way, since occupied by him under varied cir- cumstances, got along well enough. He at least managed to make himself heard. But what he said got the back up of a loyal majority, and when Mr. Auberon Herbert rose to second the motion be was greeted with persistent cries of" Vide,' vide ' vide. " . . .

He had, however, come to stay, and meant to deliver a carefully prepared speech. As he stood and shouted the beginning of sentences, the cro*ded House, now in for a lark, persistently bellowed. This was the occasion when, as wa, written at the time, the late Cavendish Ben- tinck "went out behind the Speaker's Chair and crowed thrice." Certainly cock-crowing was added to other more familiar Parliamentary ob- servations. After the row had continued some ten minutes, a member jealous of the reputation of the House, spied strangers. The 6allerie, were cleared, and when they were re-opened it was announced that Sir Charles Mike's motion had been negatived by two hundred and seventy six votes to two.

MR. PLIMSOLL MAKES EIS MARK.

Three years later, having succeeded to the Premiership, Mr. Disraeli found himself con- fronted with a scene even more dramatic than that which distressed Mr. Gladstone in 1872. August was at hand, and the usual statement of Bills thrown overboard was made. Amongst them was the 'Merchant Shipping Bill, in charge Mr. Plimsoll. In those days it was open to an aggrieved member to dislodge ordered busi- ness and arbitrarily occupy the time of the House by moving the adjournment. Mr. Plim- soll availed himself of this privilege, beseeching the Premier, in a voice choked with emotion, not to consign some thousands of men to death. The Merchant Shipping Bill was designed to check the practices of a class of men whom Mr. Plim- soll described as " ship-knackers," who bought at a low price unworthy ships, insured them, sent thena tosea' • and when they foundered, as they usually did, pocketed the spoil. Mr. Plim- soll's excited demeanour, his scarcely veiled ac- cusation of a particular Member, wrought the House to a high pitch of excitement. The Speaker repeatedly calling him to order, Mr. Plimsoll darted forward, waving aloft a piece of paper, and standing in the middle of the floor he gave notice of intention to ask the President of the Board. of Trade whether certain ships, the names of which he read from the sheet of paper he held in his hand, " are owned by and whether that gentleman, —-- is a Member of this House." Amid the uproar Mr. Plimsoll's voice was heard shrieking, "I am determined to unmask the villains who sent these men to their graves." The Premier, showing disposition to rise and say a few words, Air. Plimsoll, still standing in the middle of the floor, shook his fist at the right honourable .gentleman, and said something that was drowned in the uproar. The member for Derby was suspended. But before the Session was terminated, the Merchant Ship- pin.. Bill was added to the Statute Book, and to-day the Load Lioe skims over every sea on which a British vessel floats. THE HcSAO-TtiltKISH WAR. In the Session o 1878, at the full tide of what was at the time knOwn as Jingoism, the House of Commons was one February night stirred to its profoundest depths. The Government—had asked for a Vote of Credit for six millions, avowedly a menace to Russia, at the time at odds wlth Tur- key. Mr. Forster, on behalf of the Fron Oppo- sition Bench moved an amendment equivalent to refusing the Supply. On the seventh of Feb- ruary the House met amid rumours that the Russians bad occupied Constantinople. Ques- tioned by Lord Hartington, nominally leading the Opposition, with Mr. Gladstone fuming' nn his flank, Sir Stafford Northcote, Leader of tho House, read a telegram just received from Sir. Layard, British Minister at Constantinople, stating that the Russians were pushing on to Constantinople, and had compelled the Turks to evacuate important defences. The House recog- nised in this announcement the sound of the war trumpet. Mr. Foster recognising that the as- pect of affairs in the East was one of profound gravity, asked leave to withdraw his amendment. Whilst conversation was going forward a letter was passed along the Treasury Bench till it reached the hands of the Chancellor of the Ex- chequer. Profound silence fell on the excited House as Sir Stafford rose. In faltering tones he said he had received from the Ambassador or Russia official intimation that there was not a word of truth in the statement of which Mr. Layard had made himself the communicant. The state of tension relaxed, Members fell into a state of merriment, not wholly free from sus- picion of hysteria. The first Session of Parliament elected in 1880, was marked by a series of unexpected en- trances and tumultuous exits by Mr. Bradlaugh. Banquo wasn't in it with the Member for 'North- ampton. In the course of a month or so, mem- bers grew quite accustomed to see him enter, walk swiftly down the floor, take his seat, to be presently haled forth. On the 22nd of June a motion to permit him to take the oath was neg- atived by 275 votes against 230. On the next day Mr. Bradlaugh walked up to the Table and demanded to have the oath administered to him. After some discussion it was agreed that he should be heard at the Bar. There he stood for twenty minutes addressing a crowded silent House in terms I that frequently rose to the height of passionate eloquence. Having made an end of speaking he bowed to the Chair and withdrew, whilst the House considered his ap- plication.

Mr. Gladstone rtsinc• to nic,ve the first reolu- tion found himself (aced by Mr. Dillon, who re- fused to resume his seat when called UPOII the speaker. He was forthwith named, and oc- dered to withdraw. This he refused to do until a posse of messengers under command of the Sergeant-at-Arms approached. Thereupon he surrendered. On his withdrawal Mr. Parnell moved that Mr. Gladstone be not heard. A scene Pf indescribable tumult followed. Mr. Parnell was named, ordered to withdraw and, respectfully refusing, the reserves were again called out. Four venerable messengers, whose united, ages probably was not a day less than two hundred and fifty years. advancing to the charge, the Irish Leader surrendered at discre- tion. The farce was carried out till the whole thirty-seven were expelled, a process which oc- cupied an appreciable period of the sitting. These were the good old days, of which we see no more, under the prosaic operation of the latest batch of Standing Orders.

HENRY W. LUCY.

.Yext Week : "THE GENTLE ART. or FOOLING," BY HELEN.

MATITEUS.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW YEAR.

Warrington's Welcome.

No novel scences characterized Warrington's welcome on Saturday night, to the New Year. Certainly there• was the usual ringing of merry peals on church bells ; and the sounding of buzzers ";- the customary hearty greetings and seasonable boric wishes ; the letting in "of the New Year by young bloods, but these are the regular accompaniments of the advent of tne New Year,and all were made manifest in the early hours of Sunday morning. At several churches watch. night services were held at the hour of midnight on Saturday though the number of such services was fewer than in past years, no doubt owing to the fact that New Year's Day fell upon a Sunday. There was a large congregation at the midnight set.- vice which was held at St. Paul's church, and which was conducted by the Revs. W. Bracecamp, T. W. Barber, and R. H. Bowen. The address was given by the Rev. W. Bracecamp from the words "Choose you this day whom ye will serve," the preacher strongly urging his hearers to choose between God and the world. A few minutes before 12 o'clock the congregation joined in silent prayer and the new year having been ushered in with the ringing of the church bells the Vicar wished all a happy and prosperous new year, expressing the hope that trade would revive and that those who now felt the pangs of hunger, would find ample, employment and that to them the new year ig al,l in reality be happy one. The service ended lAtu. the hearty singing of the " Te Deum."

_ HILL CLIFFE BAPTIS'r CHURCH. On New Year's Day services of a special character were held in Hill Cliffe Baptist Church. In the morn-. in the Pastor addressed the children on the motto "I'll help to make you happy this year" and preached on "The art of being happy," taking as his text, Luke xii. 15. In the evening the Rev. J. S. Hughes preached on "The key to the problem of right living" (Matt. vi. 33). Suitable hymns were rendered throughout the day, and the choir sang "God holds the key of all unknown at night."

===== 0002601_19050107_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH.

Mr. A. Corney conducted a well-attended watchnight service, basing his address on the words: "Rejoice in the Lord, and let:your forbearance and gentleness be known to all men, the Lord is at hand." He remarked that it was the custom for people to look back too much upon things which had come to pass, instead of looking forward to the days that were to come. Let them pray that Christ would draw nearer and nearer to them in the days to come, speak words of peace to the nations, and teach men and women how to live more sociably together. Let them co forward and meet Christ without any fear or trembling and hope that He would save their souls.

During the last few minutes of the old year the con. gregation engaged in silent prayer, after which Mr. Corney extended to all his wishes for "A Happy and Prosperous New Year." 'BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE-STREET.

Golborne-street Baptist Church was filled on the occasion of the Watchnight service conducted by the Rev. H. Dunnico. Selecting for his text the words" If God be for us, who can be against us ?" the preacher said the Apostle reviewed all things in the light of God's love as revealed in Christ, and though he did not shu t his eyes to the existence of pain, and sorrow and suffer. ing, these things did not cloud but even clarified the idea of a good God and he was certain that all things were working together for good to those who loved God. Years had passed away since Paul pronounced his judgment, but the old familiar sights met their eyes. Tribulation and famine, sorrow and death, were in their midst. There wail a shirking of responsibility, and an amazing amount of apathy ana indifference among professing Christians. At times even devout men lost faith and thought that God had done to sleep, but the cross was the pledge that it was not so. And so as they entered upon another year knowing not what i the future days had n store, he commended to them the Apostle's supreme faith in God. They moved in an age which was not yet righteous, but God who made it, and governed it, was the Christ in whom they trusted did not lie sleeping in an obscure crave, but was risen and enthroned calmly waiting for His kingdom to come. When the pace seemed slow, and the march lingered let them not be discouraged. The same power that created the world would ere long redeem it. The last few moments of the old year, and the first of the new were spent in prayer, and then Mr. Dunnico wished his con- gregation " a very, happy, prosperous and joyous new year."

===== 0002601_19050107_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
A PAINFUL PORTRAIT.

[Told by a Photographer.]

•• A Photographer is born, not made," said a Camera Artist. He is born to endure as many troubles as the rest of mankind. Mr. Arthur F. Brookes, of 25, The Arcade. Wolverhamption, has travelled through many countries with his camera,but in London his profession career was threatened. " I was ill,"he said, " and none of the cloctors knew what was the matter. But Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people found my trouble and cured it. I was terribly run down.' My nerves seemed to have left me, and at sight of food my stomach would turn. When I forced down a-little food to keep up my strength, the pains in my chest were excruciating. " Two eminent doctors said I was suffering horn nervous prostration, and ordered complete rest. I was was under them six months,but soon after was as ill as ever. I had such pain in my back as to make me cry out and clutch at the first thing I came to. "I attended a hospital for two months, and my case puzzled even the clever doctors here. Reduced to a mere skeleton (for eating was impossible) I lingered ire a dreadful state until four months ago I met an old friend who asked me why I didn't try Dr. Williams" pink pills—they always set him up. I purchased a bor, and it made me a great deal better. By the time I had finished a second box I was rapidly putting on flesh. My appetite returned, and I enjoy my meals now, with- out any ill after-effects. My improved health, after only three boxes, is a revelation. I have not felt so well for over ten years as II do at the present time. There has never been the least return of the pain." Nerves broken down by worry and work set up the most difficult form of chronic indigestion. Broken nerves are nerves starved for the want of blood. Dr. Williams's pink pills for pale people—genuine only with full name, seven words—make blood. They banish anamia and the pains that afflict the weaker sex. But they are equally valuable for men,having cured indiges- tion, !palpitation, bile, nervous depression, sciatica, rheumatism, paralysis, St. Vitus' dance, and nervous disorders. Two shillings and ninepence for one box,or thirteen and nine for six sent to Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Holborn-viaduct, London, will bring the pills by return post. But they can be had at medicine shops,if readers insist on the genuine. It is a Painful Portrait that the Photographer whose case is described above gives of himself. His experi- ence should be a guide to others.

ERADLAUGH IN POSSESSION OF THE HOUSE. The majority being inexorable, the Speaker directed Mr. Bradlaugh to be summoned in or- der to hear its decision. Called by the Sergeant- at-Arms he walked up to the Table, and stood there, whilst the Speaker remaining seated com- municated what had passed, and ordered him to withdraw. Mr. Bradlaugh was the only per- son in the House who showed no sign of excite- ment. " I beg respectfully to insist on my right as duly elected Member for Northampton," he quietly said. " I beg you to administer the oath, and I respectfully refuse to withdraw." The Sneaker rising to his feet as he addressed the Hoh.§e asked to be clothed with authority to deal with this new turn of affairs. Mr. Glad- stone being deserted by a section of his fol- lowers, sufficient to make the Leader of the op- position master of the situation, Sir Stafford Northcote moved a resolution investing the Speaker with such power as was requisite to the enforcement of his authority. The House di- viding there was presented the unique spectacle of a person officially declared to be a stranger standing solitary in a House emptied of Mem- bers passing through the Division lobby. C.L.C. Goods Department.—Preseration and Authorised by an overwhelming majority the Speaker addressing the Sergeant-at-Arms stand- Supper. big by the Bar, commanded him to remove Mr. The C.L.C. Goods Department held their annual Bradlaugh. Captain Gosset approaching, touched supper at the" Horse and Jockey " Hotel, Winwick. the burly figure on the shoulder and invited him road, on Saturday last, between 50 and 60 employs to withdraw. Mr. Bradlaugh, his mind ever participating in a substantial repast provided by the full of nice distinctions, consented to retire as host and hostess, Mr. and Mrs. Rushworth. After far as the Bar, the Sergeant-at-Arms trying to supper the usual toasts were duly honoured, and the keep pace with his long stride. Having reached rest of the evening was spent in a musical programme the Bar, he suddenly turned, dashed back to the Mr. Shoobridge occupied the chair, and the following Table, and demanded to have the oath adminis- contributed songs :—Messrs. Stout, T. Holbrook, tered to him. Captain Gosset gallantly seized Millington, James, Hannan, Young, Hornby, Shoo- him by the arm. But an antelope might as well bridge, Lee, &c. Mr. Wolfenden officiated at the have attempted to arrest an elephant. After Piano —le most interesting item of the evening wasi some more waltzinr, up and down the floor, motion was carried ° committing Mr. Bradlaugl ; - • presentati n to Mr. Bickford of the Great Northern ; to the Clock Tower, whither to the great reli! ; Railway Company, Warrington, of a very handsome c of the House, he quietly withdrew. Nine yea,., ! smoking cabinet and silver cigarette case with his later, when the Member for Northampton lay ; monogram engraved upon same.—Mr. shoohridgo thing, the resolution entered in the orders made the presentation, and spoke of the good feeling ot. the House ordering his expulsion was nentine con- which existed between Mr. Bickford and the C.L.C. trarlicente itself expunged. employes, and he hoped that Mr. iand Mrs. Biekford WHOLESALE IRISH SUSPENSIONS, and family would have long life and happiness.—Mr. ; The suspension of thirty-seven Irish member Walter Smith endorsed the Chairman's remarks, and s —" What , Mr. Bickford acknowledged the sift in very suitable ! my to * at one fell swoop? ' c pretty chickens and their dim —was the climax of obstru- terms.—A very pleasant eveenng was brought tion against the earliest Peace Preservation Act, close by the singing of" God save the King." Mr. Dillon began it. The business of the day I +3>e taanvinz aft.g. new bakh of Standhiallt• I

===== 0002601_19050107_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
1

1

• . 'J . , . , , .

===== 0002601_19050107_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19050107_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19050107_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. • • .

===== 0002601_19050107_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
PENKETH.

- -

===== 0002601_19050107_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE

YOU CAN TEST YOUR SIGHT A r HOME AT OUR EXPENSE. On receipt of postcard we will mail you our HOME SIGHT-TESTER.

Our Pebble Spectacles are marvellous for the eyes.

PERRY & CO.,

Opticians, 5. SEYMOUR ST. (London Road),

LIVERPOOL.

• •

===== 0002601_19050107_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
\

===== 0002601_19050107_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Rosebery also had a large house party at Mentmore for the ball, both he, and Lord Battersea, who owns Aston Clinton, being connected with the Rothschild family by marriage. MADGE.

The Forthcoming Royal Weddings.—lt is seldom that Royal engagements extend over so long a period as that of the German Crown Prince, whose wedding ie fixed for March 22nd, the anniversary of his gloat grandfather's birthday. As a rule Rayal engagements are announced only a few weeks before the wedding, but in this case there will be ample time for the elabor- ate preparations which are being made at the German Court for the ceremony. Another wedding which the CONVERSAZIONE,—The annual conversazio no in con- German Emperor will attend will be that of the Grand nection with the Penketh Mutual Improvement Asso- Duke of Hesse and the Princess Eleanore of Soline ciation was held on Wednesday night at the Wesleyan Hohensolme-Qich., This is to take place at Darmstadt School. The rooms had been smartly decorated for the on February 2nd, and the Gland Du e being so nearly occasion, and presented a very attractive appearance. k Mr. A. Birch (president) was in charge of the gathering, related to the reigning Families of Britain, Germany, a and Russia. the ceremony will be attended by a large and at the opening of the proceedings he addressed a few words of welcome. A vvell-chosen programme of number of Royalties. Royal Visits to Country Houses.—The King was to vocal and instrumental items, interspersed with recita- tions, had been prepared, and the large gathering fully have paid a visit next week to Loyd and Lady Arlington at Crichel Hall, Dorsetshire, but it has been postponed appreciated the efforts made by them. Th e following comprised the programme:— the artistes to amuse owing to the death of Lady Arlington's brother, the late 1 Pianoforte duet Messrs, Moore and Aspey ; song„' The M Earl of Hardwicke. It is probable that in view of these . Admiral Broom." Mr. J. Emson was present, and his ' altered arrangements, his ajesty will pay an early Young Royalist," Mr. Hibbert, who also gave " The visit to Lord and Lady Rothschild at Tring Park. The A King has before paid several visits to the Rothschild humorous songs were a decided hit, and he received a family, and it was at Waddeston Manor—the residence well-merited encore. Miss Cooke's sketch " The Fate of the late Baron Ferdinand Rothschild—that his of Young Chubb " was very good as was also Majesty slipped on the stairs and sprained his !awe. " Etiquette," by Mr. Harry Mainley. Miss Travers d This week has been taken up by the Royal visit were good and plentiful. Competitions such as Deck to an efficient accompanist. The refreshments prove Chatsworth where the Duke and Duchess of Devonshire Quoits Drawing the Donkey, were then contested, and utmost magnificence. Last year his Majesty made a , have again entertained the Khig and Queen with the i the winners received suitable prizes ; Mrs. Bell, Miss Hughes, H. Davies, and H. Carman being the fortunate record in the number of his visits to the great country ones. Various games, entered into with great spirit, houses, a form of entertainment which seems to appeal more and more to the King as the years go by. ' were enjoyed until the close. WESLEYAN TEA PARTY.—In connection with the The Rules at Holkham Hall.—The venerable Earl of Leicester is one of the few sportsmen who restricts the Men's Bible Class, a tea party and concert was held in. y shooting party luncheon absolutely to bread and cheese , the schoolroom on Saturda evening, when a good and beer. At Chatsworth and other country houses the number sat down to tea. The concert commenced at shooting party luncheon is a luxurious and r4cherche 7-45 with a miscellaneous programme which was much meal. Imit at Holkham flail it is not so, not even when ed by the audience. Mr. James Dodds occupied enjoyed the King. or the Prince of Wales have i been guests chair. Songs were rendered by Mr. William the -y. there. The Earl has always been frugal n ha:bits, and Critchley' Mr D. Dunne, Mr. H. Plumpton, Miss Lily expects every member of his household to be in bed by Fairhurst, Miss Hamer, and Miss Plumpton, all being well received. Mr. F. Atkinson accompanied at the eleven o'clock. There is thus never any midnight bridge at Holkham and there is no departure from such early piano. Gramophone selections were given at intervals. s hours seven when Royal guests are present. It is to these fastr Reg McCollam received applause for hi comic careful habits that Lord Leicester, no doubt, owes his songs, while Mr. N. A. Sanders gave several humorous s healthy old age. He is 83, and married his second wife, selections with hi usual ability. Mr. Simpson was the dresent Lady Leicester, in 184 warmly applauded for his concertino solos. Pianoforte thirty years his junior. Of his e the close a vote of thanks was moved b Mr. James half a century between his eldest daughter, Lady eighteen children, four- duets were given by Miss Moores and Miss Asbury. At y teen are living, and there is ft difference of close upon Dodds to the artistes and jail who had helped to make Powerscourt, and his youngest son, a boy of eleven, who the evening so enjoyable. This was seconded by Mr Watson and seceived .with acclamation. The committe is uncle to nephews and nieces a generation older than himself. who had the arrangements in hand comprised Messrs. R The Countess and the Salvation Arny.—The Countess ' Long J. Seed, J. Stanley, T. Bell, D. Wood, J. Ireland of &afield is one of many of the aristocracy who W. Loxley, G. Lee andl. Hampsan. At 11 p.m., an sympathise with the work of the Salvation Army. It is in adjournment was made to the adjacent Chapel, and the not true that she is a member of the Army, though Rev. J ohn Gunnell, conducted a watch night service New Zealand, where she was born and brought up, she Suitable h ymns were sung, and the service was a very took an active part in its organisation and work. The impressive one. The last few minutes of the old year r Countess was Miss Nina Towneml, the daughter of a were passed in silence and prayer, and the hearty H Colonial doctor, and married Lord Seafield in 189 e exchanges of the old wish "A appy New Year,' also H- also was born in New Zealand, where at °Amara his signalised the arrival of 1905. father held the post of farm bailiff. The present Earl OLD Fos, KS TREAT.—The annual tea meeting &c., to is only twenty-eight years of age. and succeeded to the the Old Folks was held in the Wesleyan Schoolroom last night. A full report of the oc eedings will be title some sixteen years ago. He and his wife are at . found .t ia_, next Satnrday's issue. , present staving at Nice, but the Earl of &Wield is one A of the landless peers, and has practically lived all his life in New Zealand. A New Departure in Street Etiquette.—The story comes from Sweden that Society women there have decided to relieve men of the necessity of raising their hats to ladies in the streets during the winter time. It seems that in many of the towns neuralgia, toothache and influenza are much more prevalent among men than women, and it was suggested that this is due to the obligation imposed on men to doff their hats in the streets, it seems rather a far fetched idea, but the women have made it known that they will be satisfied with a military salute, as long as the cold weather lasts. Possibly they will have to be satisfied with it for good and all,-as,laiving got in the thin end of the wedge, the men may come to think that the conventionality may be just as well dispensed with altogether. At the Sales.—The "Bridge Coat" Is quite a feature In the majority of the Sales, and will be found an exceedingly useful garment both by players, and non- i players of the game. The "Bridge Coat, ' closely 1 resembles the fashionable little coffee coat of a year j ago, and for a quiet little dinner—at home, or at a restaurant—and the theatre afterwards, it is both suit- able and modish-wear. Cream, or "champagne" tambour net is the fabric most in request for the "Bridge Coat, ' the trimming consisting of lace and ribbon, the slips being of ivory silk or satin. These dainty little coats, with their pretty sleeves, falling away from the elbow, so as not to interfere with cards or counters, may only , be worn with white skirts, or skirts that match the net , in hue, otherwise the effect will be patchy, and there- fore impossible from a modistic point of view. The , clever homeworker will be careful to secure useful remnants of this tambour net, which for dressy blouses, is most successful. Fashionable Stationery.—Coloured notepaper is out 1 of fashion, an item to be grateful for, as there is always 1 • suggestion of vulgarity about highly-tinted stationery. Society women are using white or cream notepaper of a rather large size, the envelopes being more than square, and ornamented with a monogram. Single half sheets, for notes, are much patronised nowadays, indeed they may almost be said to have taken the place of the , one time popular correspondence cards. These half 1 sheets bear the address and monogram, as also do all letter cards and post cards, that- find a place on the fashionable woman's writing table. The Craze for Real Flowers.—Florists are rejoiciAg at the revival of the "nosegay," without which no modish r* woman dee her toilette complete. In the morning It is true, she is content with a neat little cluster of violets, snowdrops, or a rose or two, which nestles amid her furs, but in the afternoon she requires a much more elaborate arrangement of blooms to match her toilette, one spray finding a place among the folds of her. blouse, or vest, the othr on that airy fairy creThon, the "dressy" muff. For the evening, the smlrtest women are wearing none save natural flowers, which is a very decided mistake, as a ball frock,for example, elaborately trimmed with real bloom and foliage, is not usually a thing of beauty by the time it has gone through several dances in a crowded ballroom. The careful admixture of the real, and artificial, is by far the wiser procedure, and when the latter fire really choice and scented speci- mens, few could or would detect the deception. The County Balls.—This month is the season for the connty and other great balls, one of the most,importaut being tha Hunt Ball at Tring which took place last Wednesday. There was a large muster from the various seats of the Rothschllds, who own some five or six seats in the neighbourhood. Large parties were taken by Lord and Lady Rothschild from Trine Park. by Mr. and Mrs. Leopold de Rothschild, from Ascott Hall, and by Mr. Alfred de Rothschild from Halton Hall. Lord

y

===== 0002601_19050107_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
A YORKSHIRE CASE. OF PERSONAL INTERBST TO YORKSHIREMEN.

Mr. S. WILSRAW. Rib ble Bank, Settle writes "You will be glad to know that VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC has worked wonders in my case. For the last two years I suffered very much with pain after eating. My stomach was so weak that I could not eat solid food. I lost a great deal of strength and flesh, and was not able to work. I had taken all kinds of medicine; doctors gave up trying to cure me. It was a happy day for me when I started taking VENO'S SEAWEED TONIC ; after the first week the pains were relieved, also the wind. I began to relish my food, and gradually got stronger; now I feel myself cured and able to work." VENDS SEAWEED TONIC Cures the worse and most obstinate cases of stomach, liver and kidney diseases. Doctors use it ; and for purity, medicinal activity and all-round potency it has not its equal anywhere. Prices is. [Ad. and 2s. 9d. at Chemists everywhere.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE

STREET.

EIMER

===== 0002601_19050107_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
Annnal Congregational Tea,

The annual tea and meeting of the above church were held on Monday last %hen about 230 sat down to the tables, this number being considerably augmented for the after meeting. The Rev. H. Dunnico presided over the gathering and was Apported by the officers of the church. In the course of his address he said that in re- viewing the work of the past year they had much cause for thankfulness and though there were certain elements in existence still about which he complained a year ago they were of less importance and could now be more easily ignored. The last year had marked an epoch in the history of the church and never had its (influence been so great as it was now The membership was larger, the congregations were larger, and the receipts were higher than last year, and that was a record year. Every institution in connec- tion with the church was in a healthy condition and all round the work was flourishing. He thanked the n Ricers for the way in which they had worked, but thought that the members on the whole had not been as loyal to the work of the church as they ought to have been. Many of his most loyal supporters and best friends were 1 outside the pale of the church. Mr. Dunnico inadvert- ently remarked that three-fourths of the total income ' had been received from persons other than church members. The time had come when their constitution ; must be revised and provision made for all followers of I Jesus Christ who so desired to take a part in the work of the church. He urged the me nbers to realise I the obligations,of their profession and appealed to the young men and women to join their ranks and uphold him in his work. The Secretary, Mr. H. Buckley, then gave a report of the year's work in which he said that 1 the progress had been so great that it was difficult to give any adequate idea of what had been done. It had Ibeen the best year they had ever had and the 1 uture I was rich with hope.—Mr. Balmford in presenting his I report said that this was his last and his best. The total income from all sources reached about £430, the free- will weekly offerings realising £297. Several addresses were given by the various officers and at the close several presentations were made to Mr. Norman Balm- ford on his removal from Warrington to Dewsbuty. The rest of the evening was spent in social entertainment, Miss Turner's mandoline band giving selections. Mr. Brat also gave several Hens on the gramophone.

PREMIER BICYCLES FOR THE POST OFFICE The treatment accorded to the bicycles in daily use. by the telegraph and messengers employed by the General Post Office is notably F. evere,and for a machine to come successfully through the ordeal is a strong testimony to its strength and good quality of materal and workmanship. It is therefore of interest to note that The Premier Cycle Co., Ltd., which in July last secured a large con- tract for the supply of bicycles to the G.P.O. has just obtained another order for a considerably increased quantity of" Premier" bicycles from the same depart- ment a His Majesty's Service.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, January 7, 1905.

WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FAS:I 10 N -HOME.

L !iN FD ny;.

The conferring of the lionor,ry degree of Doctor of Laws on Princess Louise, Duchess of Argyll, by the University of Glasgow draws attention to the number of women who have in iate years been thus honoured, a very siguira.:ant mark of progress in the position and status of wonum in the world of thought and learninz. Most people will have felt that in this particular instance there was a singulat fitness in the distinction conferred. on account of the Princess's marked Artistic abilities. Among those conferred in receat years was the degree of Doctor of Music on the Princess of Wales by the University of London. Miss Flora Stevenson, whose services to the cause of the higher education of women, and of education generally, are well known, was granted the honorary degree of Doctor of Laws by Edinburgh University; and Miss Jane Barlow, whose Irish stories and sketches are so deservedly popular, is an honorary Litt.D. of the University of Dublin, as is also Mrs. Sophie Bryant, whose work in the cause of education .snnot be too highly praised while Miss MulvalaY, ever a champion of the movement for the higher education of women in Ireland, received the honorary degree of LL. D.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EVENING ROBE.

The sketch depicts an evening robe in old-rose chiffon velours. The bodice is draped across the figure,•thedrapiry being carried down to a deep point in front. The plain, sweeping skirt is laid in deep folds on each side, and in a treble box-pleat at the back. The bodice is almost entirely covered by a point de gauze berthe, which falls in a point

back and front and over each shoulder. This is headed by: a double garniture of Banksia roses, intertwining to form ovals, with centres of the old- rose velvet. Except for the lace that falls over the arms the gown is sleeveless, and, as will be i noticed, it s cut very decolleti. The toilet should be completed by a wreath of Banksia roses worn round the hair, and surmounted by a pink osprey.

. . ~'",,,'• c", 44.0 - . -,.. ' : .• = ...:-4• 1ii.e4t1ei;.4.4.4,.. ,:41,,,ai , 1 , ti):\4,.. " - Ili k t ~.. , " w ,-....i ; -1, i i

===== 0002601_19050107_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
GOSSIP.

With the New Year Lady Colin Campbell takes editorial charge of the Ladits' Fitld.

Mrs. Finlay contradicts the announcement of her engagement to Lord Henry Fitzmaurice Chichester.

Clever bridge players seem to multiply. Mrs. Arthur Sassoon has lately made a name for herself, and so has Mrs. Torquhil Matheson, who is one of the daughters of the Countess of Aylesford by her first marriage.

Mrs. William James and Mrs. Arthur James are going to tour all over the country with an amateur theatrical company. The piece they have chosen to play is "The Duke of Killicrankie."

===== 0002601_19050107_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PENALTY OF COURTESY.

Society ladies in the town of Haparanda, in Sweden, have just arrived at an interesting decision on a point of street etiquette. They have decided to relieve men of the necessity of doffing their hats to ladies in the streets as long as the cold weather lasts. It has gone forth that during the winter all that will be expected from men will be a military salute. The ladies took this step. says a cor- respondent, as the result of studying medical statistics, which established the fact that in winter there are three times more men than women suffer- ing from cold, neuralgia, toothache, and influenza.

DRESS ACCESSORIES.

Dainty dress accessories always prove an accept- able present to a girl. They smarten up a winter dress or blouse, and are easily made at home by clever fingers at a trifling cost. The belt shewn in the sketch is of white kid, embroidered in a flower design in coloured ribbons and silks, and has a gilt buckle and slicies. The turn-down collar, which is something like a boy's Eton collar in shape, has a broad hem-stitched border, and the corners ornamented by a circular piece cut out and filled in with a spider's-web pattern, worked with a coarse linen thread. There are turned-back

in the centre is a little ,Jffee sack, composed entirely of wide lace. The lower frill is set on to a square yoke of net, a touch of colour being given by the velvet ribbon of emerald green which outlines the neck, and which forms the tiny bows. A yoke and berthe of ribbon and lace is made in the handkerchief style. The small yoke 'is composed of satin ribbon faggot-stitched together, the lace berth being bordered by ribbon matching that used for the yoke, but of a greater width. An old fashion revived is the leg-of- mutton sleeve, which is to be especially used for the newest tailor-made costume. A NEW WAY TO GROW BEAUTIFUL.

One cannot help thinking, writes "Ambrosia" in the World, that the present craze for gymnastics for women is being carried to ridiculous excess. It surely cannot be essential to health, happiness, beauty, and everything that a woman covets that she should hang daily on parallel bars, climb ladders, and turn aerial somersaults by the aid of rings. Without doubt, a little of this sort of thing Is excellent, and probably the female form divine is the bettes for having all its muscles properly exercised; but it is heresy to the beautiful women who have preceded us—to our graceful ancestresses, with their delicate complexions and healthy physique—to say that it is only by gymnastic exercises that women can attain to true loveliness. Are we, then, to believe that Albion's daughters have never been lovely until the present time If zomplexions cannot be managed and graceful carriage produced without physical drill that would tax the strength of a seasoned "Tommy," and if eyes are not to be brightened save by acrobatic feats, then indeed must Englishwomen own that they are beaten by the women of other nations.

TO-DAN'S RECIPE.

MOCK CRAB TOAST. —round 2oz. of good soft cheese with a dessertspoonful each of essence of anchovy, made mustard, and vinegar, a dust of coralline pepper, a drop or two of tabasco, the yolks of two eggs, and about 2oz. of butter. Mix this all well till quite smooth (it should be as stiff as good batter), then spread the mixture on squares of hot and well-buttered toast pretty thickly, and bake for eight or ten minutes. Dust with coralline pepper, and serve very hot. This toast possesses the merit of being equally good hot or cold.

1 ....T... ..v.„, ..0 ~,,,e....,4„__„, ~.;,,.....„......„,, ~,,,,7„,. v

z cutts to iiiii-S.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
LALL lizairn RitSERvED.)

"THE VAMPIRE,"

G. B. BURGIN

(efuthor of" lazier's Little Maid," " Fortune's Footballs," 4e.)

PART I.

Mrs. Quigge was a cross, tetchy, perverse oil Londoner, whose acquaintances—she had no friends—alluded to her, when they took Mc trouble of mentioning her at all, as " The Vam- pire." She also possessed a somewhat startling originality of character—an originality which took the shape of making herself as unpleasant as possible on every conceivable occasion. Indeed, her ingenuity was so great in this respect that it has passed into a proverb, and her impatient ex- clamation of "Go on !"—an exclamation signi- fying incredulity arid derision—had gradually become shortened to " Game !"—a limitation in length which made the phrase even more objec- tionable than before. _ .

Most of the dwellers in " Moberley's Mud- dies" (they had been originally known as " Mo- berley's Models ") hated Mrs. Quigge with a deadly hatred born of impotent fury, for ste scorned the conventionalities and made herself equally unpleasant all round. Indeed, when she outpoured the vials Of her wrath, it was, as one old woman with more originality than Biblical knowledge remarked, "Enough to make Joshua himself stand still," although it had the reverse effect on the inhabitants of " The Muddles." They generally sought safety in flight down the nearest Court until the storm abated. Which was wise ; for Mrs. Quigge's adjectival fluency was appalling in its breathless incoherence. She had, too, an objectionable habit of following up her victims as they went about their daily avoca- tions and cif compelling them to listen to her grievances. If they failed to evince a proper amount of neighbourly sympathy, she promptly regarded them as enemies and treated them with more bitterness than the original offenders. And she had an exasperating way of threatening timid young matrons with " casting a spell on them "if they did not lend her " tuppence for a go of gin." As for her garments, they were kidescribable. At some prehistoric period, they had been, pre- sumably, of different colours. Now, the benefi- cent influence of Time had blended them int< one subdued, olive green—a tint which was um obtrusive, and did not attract attention when Mrs. Quigge wished to take her walks abroad. She wore one shoe and a slipper, and her bonnet, which was minus a string, generally hung down her face the wrong end in front, the remaining rusty fastening creating in Mrs. Quigge's mind the delusion that a fly was tickling her nose. When possessed of the necessary funds, she generally smoked an old, short-stemmed clay pipe. Even in the coldest weather, her cos- tume never varied. As she found it com- fortable enough and suited to her require- ments no one dared point out to her how much better looking she would be if properly dressed and tidied up a little. In her youth, it is conceivable that Mrs. Quigge had not been bad- looking ; but a too constant adherence to spirit- uous compounds and an utter indifference to the effect of the London climate, had given her an aspect of vicious ugliness. Which _was a pity. for Mrs. Quigge was a woman, and had been known to smile under the mollifying influence ol a judicious compliment from the big policeman at the corner. Nobody knew how Mrs. Quigge originated ' In the beginning of things there had been Mrs Quigge and " The Muddles." Now it war thought to be " The Muddles " and Mrs Quigge. " The Muddles " had been repaired again and again. Not so Mrs. Quigge, althougl it wail generally admitted that she " bad a tilt loose." Besides, she was partly bald. She else required whitewashing, mentally and physically, although there was no one ii. the buildings boki enough to undertake the task. Of late, things had not gone well with Mrs Quigge. Slie hated innovations. Walter Dear was an irmovation so was Miss Shenstoue therefore, Mrs. Quigge hated them both. .Whin business had these " toffs " to come down to her " Muddles " and "lord it over people as 'ad right to be there? They aren't after no good,' said Mrs. Quigge, oracularly. " Don't tell me. Game !" And so people did not tell her. Willa was the use of telling a woman like Mrs. Quigg. anything—% woman who merely said " Game r and refused to listen to reason unless her delibera- tions were assisted by' means of unlimited gin [mil water, the more gin and the less water the better? Miss Shenstone was librarian of a charitable institution in the East End of London. She had taken high honours at Girton, and was rich. But site was an enthusiast, and, in her enthusiasm— an enthusiasm which bad been fired by the peru- sal of Sir Walter Besaut's East End story of " All Sorts and Conditions of Men "—she dragged old Miss Carmichael, her aunt, to live with her at " The Muddles." Four rooms were transformed into an elegant flat, with beautiful furniture and accessories, so that the old lady might be thoroughly comfortable. Then Miss Shenstone set about reforming everything and everybody, with an enthusiasm which brought a smile to the lips of Walter Dean. As Miss Carmichael never went out, it made 710 difference to her where she lived. She thought that time would cure her niece's enthusiasm : but Miss Shenstone had been at "The Muddles" rather more than a year without experiencing any diminution in her enthusiasm. Every hour of her sojourn there was a grievance to Mrs. Quigge. There would come a day of reckoning, that elderly matron hinted darkly —a day when the "Mother of the Muddles " could not be ig- nored. Inde;sd, when Mrs. Quigge had gone to bibulous extremes she threatened to "do for that poetry chap Dean." He, too, was another griev- ance.

With all the rashness of youth, Dean had quarrelled with his father in order to " earn a living by his pen." Most of us know what that means. Some men, after having led the life of a toad under a harrow, oome out all right in the long run. Some die under the harrow or disap- pear. But Dean did not mean to disappear. If his father chose to extend the olive-branch, well and good. He would perch on it in the most dove-like manner. But until then, he preferred to remain where he was. So he rented a couple of rooms in " The Muddles," and employed Mrs. Quigge to "do for him," and Mrs. Quigge " did" for him in more senses than one, her great idea of making him comfortable being to pilfer his tea and sugar and any other trifles which might be lying about, trifles which in her eyes assumed the aspect of lawful perquisites. One day, however, Mrs. Quigge, in order to celebrate one of her too numerous birthdays, partook freely of an absorbing beverage known by the dwellers in "The Muddles" as " gin and cloves." It was unfortunate that Isabel Shen- stone should cross her path at this juncture. " Game !" said Mrs. Quigge, who looked more picturesque than usual as she executed a wild, unsteady war dance round the beautiful Isabel. " Game ! Game back to yer lords and lordlings, yer dooks and dooklings : and don't come a- muddlize and a-meddlin' down 'ere where yer ain't wanted. Game ! I say. Game back 'ome, and don't come improvin' of us down 'ere. We don't want improvin', we don't, Game !" Isabel recoiled for a moment, with an instinc- tive desire to avoid the unpleasant old creature. A slight flush of Worn rose to her pale but beau- tiful cheeks. She gathered up her dainty dra- peries, and attempted to pass Mrs Quigge with- out attempting to bandy words with so degraded a specimen of womanhood. "Don't you demean yerself like that before your betters," said Mrs. Quigge, and stood ag- gressively across the narrow passage as if mean- ing to hold it against all comer... Suddenly, she was seized from behind. " Mrs. Quigge, if you dare say another word I'll fling you out to the cats in the court-yard !" ("Just as if I was a painted Isabel." said Mrs. Quigge afterwards.) And ‘VAlter DeaTi hustled her into a corner. " You can pass quite safely, Miss Shenstone,” he said. They 1.1 often met at the library. Isabel, recovering b, 1. I 1 In I 11 ief. t this timely aid. Passed with a • whil. Dean kept guard over the shapeless Mrs. Quigge. "And you call yourself a woman :" he said, with scathing scorn. " You call yourself a woman— you—you—animated old gin bottle !" t• Game !" said Mrs. Quigge, with impotent fury. " Don't call me names you—you long- penwiper ! Give me tuppence for as—a drink. You don't know a lady when you sees one." She sank down in a corner of the passage and went to sleep, whilst Walter looked at her curi- ously. " It makes one's blood boil," ha said, addressing Mrs. Quigge's unconscious form, " to think that that beautiful girl, whose days ought to be passed among scenes so different from this, ' should waste her life vainly attempting to elevate masses. Fancy elevating that !" and he looked at the unconscious Mrs. Quigge. Mrs. Quigge opened one eye. " Game !" she said, and went to sleep again. To an unprejudiced observer, Mrs. Quigge ap-

pearect sutiiiiiently elevated already-. gm tb, harried away, someone touched Dean on tie arm. It was Misa Shenstone's maid with a pencilled note.

"Dear Mr. Dean," it said, "Thank you so much for your good offices just now. Will you dine with us this evening F Ify aunt wishes to thank you also. Yours sincerely, label Shen- stone."

" With much pleasure," he said, turning to the maid. "At what hour ?"

" Seven, Sir." Walter looked at his Iv4Atch. " I shall 511. t have time to cleanse myself from the defiiiu; touch of that old hag," he said, turning frni the prostrate Mrs. Quigge. "To think that the same God made Miss Shenstone and Mr.. Quigge ! It seems incredible ! Perfectly in- credible !"

" Game !" murmured Mrs. Quigge, moment- arily opening her other eye. " 'Ag Who's a 'ag ? Ag yerself !" Moved by a sudden feel- ing of compassion for her age and infirmities, Dean roused the prostrate Mrs. Quigge and carefully escorted her to her lodgings, at the same time getting a " lady friend " of Mi. Quigge's to make her a cup of tea and La,ten her return to the paths of rectitude. Even then. Mrs. Quigge was implacable, and after par- taking of her tea entreated her friend to bear witness that the attention sms Quite voluntarj on " The Penwiper's " part.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
PART 11.

As far as externals went, there was nothing to indicate that the dinner was in the East in- stead of the West End of London. The rooms were rather small, but decidedly cosy. Miss Carmichael had known 'Walter Dean's father "He always was an obstinate man when he wanted anything," she said, " I sup- pose you take after him, or you wouldn't be here'

Walter looked at Miss Shenstone, and thought that he could be very obstinate indeed with re- gard to her should circumstances ever enable him to speak out. For some months past he had been living in a dream, when he had time to dream, which was at infrequent intervals. Ant; he was really making his way. He found the library a very pleasant room at which to work. Miss Shenstone and her assistant were most con- siderate. He had the run of the place, and coula stay there all day in a comfortable nook, by the huge fire. And latterly, Isabel Shenstone had become very much interested in the pale intel- lectual face of the dark-haired young fellow who stuck PO per-everingly to his work. Indeed, it was at her instigation that be had sent stories to a certain raper, and that they had been accepted. He did not know that Isabel had intimated to the Editor at a dinner-party that the stories should be attentively considered. The Editor, who waa on the look out for " rising talent," with many misgivings had consented to read the stories. Past experience did not incline him favourably towards the work of unknown men. But Waite, Dean's stories were very good indeed ; the Editor wanted as many :more as the author could pro- duce. Owing to this sudden demand, Walter's circumstances bad so far improved that be fe:t justified in leaving " The Muddles," only, some- how, he did not care to do so; and the reason why be did not care to do so was Isabel Shen- stone. Still, he was poor, and she was rich. He could not speak yet. " I have been telling my niece," said the sil- very-haired old Miss Carmichael, " that I an, tired of " The Muddles." There have been two ghastly murders iii the neighbourhood. It not a fit place for either of us to live in. Isabel lias given the experiment a fair trial. We have iced down here a year. She has a following of twenty or thirty people who prey on Int.. I admit that the children love her. How- ever, it is time she resumed her proper position iu Society. That is the fault of Girton. It um- tits girls for Society. They always want to be doing something useful instead of sitting down and waiting for what Providence chooses to send them. In my young days it would have been considered indecorous not to sit down and wait. Don't you think it very unfeminine, Isabel ?" Isabel seemed paler and more tired than usual. " I have come to the same conclusion, aunt," she said. " I meant well, but I am a failure. All my strength seems to have faded away : it must be the bad air. We will go down to the country somewhere, and take a pretty cottage. I can't bear to think of these horribl. murders. They haunt me. It makes one despair of human nature to hear of such sickening butchery. What do you think, Mr. Dean ?" As Walter looked at her,, something in his glance brought an unusual colour into Isabel's cheek. " You are right to leave here," lie said, sorrowfully. "It isn't fit for gently- nurtured ladies. In your exquisite goodness and desire to benefit your fellows, you have borne all this without a murmur but the time has come when you ought not to bear it any longer. You will kill yourself." Miss Carmichael had left the room. Isabel turned away from his earnest glance. "There is only Miss Carmichael who would la- ment me," she said almost inaudibly, as she sank into a chair.

He came round to her side. " Pardon me, that is not so. Everyone who knows you here would find it a very sad day when you left ; but you must leave. I—l implore you." "Why ?" " For your sake—and—and mine." She rose to her feet, confronting him. " You have said too much or too little. Do you wish me to go? If you want me to go, I will go, but —but—"

"Yes," he said steadily. "I wish you to go. Some day I will tell you why should—" He hesitated.

" Should what F" "Should I be justified in doing so." She turned aside.

------ " Before you go," he said, "I should like to tell you what an angel of mercy and light you have been to me. I came to this desolate hole— this vile den of misery. want, and crime—utterly friendless and alone. Yoa helped me in a hun- dred ways, you encouraged me to persevere, you IFOSO me fresh heart and hope and life. To urge you to go away from me is like cutting off my Land. Yet it is best that you should go. Were you to remain I could not—No ! No! I must not speak. Good-night and good-bye. Some- day I will come to you with a—a prayer for you to grant or refuse. Until then—farewell !" Site gave him her hand as the tears struggled to her eyes. The man VMS hopelessly proud. He loved her, and yet he would not speak 'because of his poverty. "You are very proud," she said. "Good- bye !" When Miss Carmichael entered the room, she found that Dean had disappeared. "I was looking for an old photograph of his father," she said. "It is very rude of him to go away. I like him so much. Don't you, Isabel P" " Yes," said Isabel, simply, Miss Carmichael took the girl in her motherly arms. "Is that it P" she asked. " Why shouldn't it be so, Isabel ?" " He is proud ; and I could not unsex myself by making him speak. Auntie, let us go away. I have made my experitnent and failed. Let us go home." "If the lad is like his faller," said the old lady, decisively, "he will speak some day. And now let us make our arrangements for leaving. This place has been too much for you." " Yes." Isabel gazr.d thouirlitfully into the fire. "It has bee,, too ninell for me. Murderers and thieves are all very well in fiction, but they are not pleasant to meet in the slums behin,4l " The Muddles." Mr. Dean must go away also. The district is not safe."

===== 0002601_19050107_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
PABT 111.

The next morning, the inhabitants of " The Muddles " were electrified to learn that Walter Dean had been arrested for the murder of a poor Polish refugee who had sought shelter in " The Muddles " and whose body had been found lying by the gateway with the skull smashed in. There was no mistake about it. Mrs. Quigge had also disappeared from " The , Muddles ' in the custody of a stalwart and un- emotional policeman. " Game !" she said to the jeering crowd which accompanied her upon her way, turning upon them like a female Jonathan Wilde. " Game 'once ! I'll be back in a' hour. It's me as informed agin"im !" Things looked very black against Walter Doan, for a cloak dabbled with blood had been found in his room. This cloak was known to have been worn tho night before by the murdered man. Mrs. Quigge testified that she had gone into Walter Dean's sitting-room at eight in the morning to put it to rights and had found the . cloak under the sofa. It " give her a turn," she said, for she had already heard of the mur- der, and she at once fetched the police. Directly this revolting accusation was made known to Isabel she telegraphed to a certain famous solicitor, who {1 US with her in an hour. Two or three mysterious-looking people glided about in the vicinity of the murder. They re- turned with the result of their enquiries to the solicitor, who smiled, and informed Miss Shen- stone that she need not be uneasy with regard to Walter Dean

At the Mice Court proceewngs, hem mac mule afternoon, Mrs. Quigge was asked if she knew the nature of an oath. On her proceeding to give examples with singular fluency and volu- bility,.. she was hastily checked by the presiding magistr4te. At 'length she was sworn and re- peated her evidence, which seemed perfeetly clear. On going to her work that morning, she had seen part of the cloak projecting from Walter Dean's sofa, and there was blood upon it —human blood.

" Accused, have you anything to say ?" asked the presiding magistrate, after learning other de- tails.

" Only to declare my innocence, and to state that the witness., who has a grudge against me, probably put the cloak there herself," said Walter. "She must have taken it off the dead man's body before the murder was discovered. "Gammon !" said Mrs. Quigge, from the back of the Court. " Game !"

The magistrate looked incredulous. "That is precisely what I am about to prove," said Miss Shenstone's solicitor, turning to the Bench. " I produce a witness named Jacob Ray. who will corroborate this statement—l call Jacob Ray." Jacob Ray darted into the box as if he had been there before and knew all about it.' He was a sharp little urchin of twelve. At seven o'clock that morning, just before the discovery of the body, he was passing through the narrow passage opposite "The Muddles," alid saw Mrs. Quigge come out carrying the loak in her hand. Even then she was not sober, and he heard her muttering that she would " plant " the cloak on someone whose mune he did not catch, and get even with him " for shocin' of her about." _

The urchin's story was corroborated by the caretaker of " The Muddles," who said that the old woman had been very tipsy the night before and had wandered into the covered archway op- posite " The Muddles " to sleep off her de- bauch. Mr. Dean had not left " The Muddles " since the evening before his arrest. " I apply for a warrant against this woman for perjury," said the solicitor quietly. " The police are ori the track of the real murderer. His unhappy victim was supposed to have many precious stones concealed about him and these constituted the temptation to kill and plunder him." As a consequence of the solicitor's high-handed and unfeeling action, Mrs. Quigge did not re- turn to her friends "in a' hour." She was afterwards tried for perjury, convicted, and, worst of all, before beginning to serve her sen- tence, made to take a bath. The shock ultimate- ly proved too much for her sensitive constitution. "There is hope for you yet if you repent of your wickedness," said the gaol cliaplin. " Game ! Not after that bath !" retcrted Mrs. Quigge, with undiminished spirit; and cli,l hating Mr. and Mrs. Walter Dean with unrelenting vigour up to the very last moment.

Next Week: "BirrHA's liousE." Ble JULIA M. Cum=

===== 0002601_19050107_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

MER of rank—Soldiers. CASE of importance—An official envelope. WANTED to know—ln what tone the voice of Nature speaks. QUERY.—WouId an ideal barrister be a counsel of perfection? INSTRUMENT for an anti-Birmingham band—The Ban-Joe.

-- -- "ALL 0." Too hard? And yet it's "Nothing after all."

WHY is a game of cards like a timberyard ? i Because there are always a number of deals n it,. HE: " Beauty and intellect never go together, I know." She: And do you think me intellectual ?" He: "No." She: "Flatterer."

. . - OUR SERVANTS.—" I may tell you at once that I can put up with everything except answering back." "Oh, madam, sure that's just like myself. We shall get on splendidly." ONE day of sickness will do more to convince a young man that his mother is his best friend than seventeen volumes of proverbs. THERE is said to be a tree in New Guinea which when touched knocks a man down. It must be a species of boxwood. MANNERS.—" Oh, then I must be on my best behaviour, I suppose?" "Certainly not. Be natural, whatever you are." "CAN you show me the way to the dentist's?" " Yes ; go down that little street, then turn the corner, and you will hear the shrieks of the patients." Sr. CLAIR, as delicately as possible: "How much is your father worth?" Geraldine: "A little over two millions. St. Clair: "Oh, dear ! I love you more than I thought I did." STUDENT.—" Working at your essay?" Room- mate : "Yes. Say, what do you do when you can't think of a- word you want." Student: I tksk you." , 'NOT TO BE RECOMMENDED.—Griggs: "Don't you think Dr. Bolus is a pretty goodphysician ?" Briggs: "Good physician? Well, I should say not.' ,Why, the man couldn't cure a ham."

- - 'EASTERLY: "I suppose the cyclones you have out here often lift everything right off of a farm?" Westerly: Er—yes—everything except the mort- gage." "How can you call Timmins's poetry popular! Nobody reads it." "I didn't mean that it was the kind that everybody reads; I mean that it is the kind everybody writes." DimscrioN WITHOUT A DIFFERENCE. Lawyer to witness: "Did you say that an incom- petent man could keep a hotel just as well as any- body. ?" Witness : "No, I said that an inn-ex- perienced man could." "How is your, son Jack getting along, Mrs. Seriggins ? Is he rising in the world ?" " Rising ? Well, I guess he is," said the old lady. "Why, he begun last year as a chiropodist, and now he's a barber." _ _ _

----• SHE: "You don't kiss me as you did before we were married." He: "No ? And before we were

married you never tried to kiss me when you had a moutlatul of pins." "WELL, thank heaven 1 you've never see me run after people who have Money." "No, but I've seen people run after you because you didn't have money." HE (looking out of the window): "It's la bright and cheerful within, and so cold and gloomy without." She: "Without what ?" He: " With- out you, dearest." "I HAD no ides Mrs. Plankington was so mean until I went shopping with her." "What did she do?" "I insisted upon paying her tram fare, and she let me do it."

-..—..- _ MOTHER: "I don't like the looks of that boy I saw you playing with in the street to-day. You mustn't play with bad little boys, you know." Son "Oh Ihe ain't a bad little boy, mamma! He's a good little boy! He's been to the reform school two times, and they've let him out each time on account of good behaviour !" -PHYSICIAN (looking into his anteroom, where a number of patients are waiting) : "Who has been waiting the longest?" Tailor (who has called to present his bill : "I have, doctor. I delivered the clothes to you three years ago." AMERICAN EDITOR: "What can I do for you, miss ?" American Girl: " Oh, please, may I examine your waste-paper basket? I know a man who sends you poems, and whose feelings towards me I should like to ascertain." BILL: "I'm making money selling mice." Jill: "Whom do you sell them to?" Bill: "The pro- fessor of music in the next street." Jill : " What on earth does he want mice for?" Bill: "Why, he. uses them for trying ,the voices of young ladies." GENIIINE.—Mrs. Parvenu "That picture in the corner is by an old master." Mrs. Swart- leigh : " Indeed ! I would never have guessed it." Mrs. Parvenu: "Yes, the man I bought it from gave me a written guarantee that the painter was past 75 before he done a stroke on it." AN Irishman, M. P, for Cork, was forced to have his leg amputated. A friend- coming to his bedside exclaimed: "Well, I'm sorry for you." " Why ? " was the answer. "Because now you can't stand for the city." "Sure I can't, can't I ? right, though; I can at least stump the country." NOT VERY AMIABLE.—" Excuse me ! " exclaimed. the timorous man, "but may I disturb you for a few minutes on a matter of considerable import- ance to myself and possibly of some concern to you ? " "No, sir !" replied the disagreeable citizen. "Not unless you 'promise not to waste as much time in talking business as you do apologising." PERSON-AL REFLironom.—" Are you a resident of this ward ? " asked the challenger. "I reckon r am, sir," replied Tuffold Knutt. "Where do you have your washing done ? " pursued the challenger, still unconvinced. " Sir " rejoined Tuffold Knutt witheringly, "I've been votin' off an' on fur '29 year, an' nobody ever axed me that ouestion Wow.. "

-

===== 0002601_19050107_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
3

The World's Greatest Ski

===== 0002601_19050107_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
The On

mour.

e and

ly Sure Cur

Cuticura.

If there were not another external skin disease known, eczema would be a sufficient infliction on mankind. It per- vades all classes, and descends impar- tially through generations. While some are constantly enveloped in it, others have it confined to small patches in the ears, on the scalp, on the breast, on the palms of the hands, on the limbs, etc., but everywhere its distinctive feature is a small watery blister, which discharges an acrid fluid, causing heat, inflamma- tion, and intense itching, scaling and crusting. The Cuticura treatment is at once agreeable, speedy, economical and com- prehensive. Bathe the affected parts freely with hot water and Cuticura Soap, to cleanse the surface of crusts and scales, and soften the thickened cuticle. Dry, without hard rubbing, and apply Cuticura Ointment to allay Itching, irritation and inflammation, and soothe and heal, and, lastly, take Cuticura Resolvent, or Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood. This treatment af- fords instant relief, permits rest and sleep in the severest forms of eczema and other itching, burning and scaly humours, and points to a speedy. per- manent and economical cure of tor- turing, disfiguring humours, eczemas, rashes and inflammations, from infancy to age, when all other remedies and the best physicians fail.

• - Sold throughout the world. Cutieura Resolvent, UAL C' n form of Chocolate Coated Palls. ls. lid. per wal of If), Ointment, as. Id.. Soap. is. Depots London. 27 Charts.. house Sq.; Ports. 6 Rue dots Psi.; Boston. 127 Columbull Lee. Potter Ivor It Chem. Corp.. Bole Proprietors. Or band for "Bow to Curs Fuesomo."

Affects L 7( Condi. t

===== 0002601_19050107_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BEST FAMILY MEDICINE.

KAYE'S NVORDELL'S PILLS

Are a certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Retelache Dyspepsia. Constipation, Liver and Kidney Comolaints,ft. For Ladies of all ages they are invalrable. Of all Chemists. Is. lid.. 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. per box or post free on receipt of. stamps to . .

DEPOT, 13. St Geo.-1w Street. Norwich.

TOOTH-ACHE CURED INSTANTLY BY

BUNTER'S— -- .!rreavt.-eti-,o,iaims-eec: e;-vp I les-s:; s— - sNights Prevented. Neuralgic Headaches and all Nerve NERVINE Pains removed by BUNTER'S NERVINS. All Chemists, Is. l id. or post free on receipt of Stamps to DEPOT, 13. St. George Street, Norwich.

ONE, TWO, OR THREE,

soootding to age and constitution, may be taken of DR. ICING'S BRIOUS & LIVER PILLS

k‘ranted without Mercury)

These mu -.zee been prescribed by Medical men inc over too years, are still ahead of all Liver Pills; gentle in their action, restore tone to the general system. and are the safest and most reliable family medicine for all ages, and absolutely cure the symptoms of Torpid Liver, Such RS UNPLEASANT BREATH—WIND • GIDDINESS DEPRESSED SPIRITS INDIGESTION BACKACHE SPASIIII,-• ROUGH TONGUE —ACIDITY AND CONSTIPATION—and stimulate the Liver itself to con- tinued healthy ution. Sold ever7wboro-1/le, 21 and 411 per boa.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
UTIED

BACKACHE

. , ' •(: a 1 • HOLDROYD'S GRAVEL PILLS _ are positive cure for Backache, Lam- bago, Dropsy. Gout, Scialka, and - Rheumatism. FOUR MONTHS ON HIS BACK. Mr. A. Newton, of Felt- ham, writes: e Your pills have corn- pletely cured me after four months on my back." is. rid. all Chemists, or post free, to stamps HOLDROYD'S Medi- cal Hall, ClecCheaton, Yorks, A 9 • •

===== 0002601_19050107_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL_AGERIS.

Joseph Beswiek Itorsemarket Street WARRINGTON. W. SHA3I7 Jun., Top Locke, Runcorn. S. JRAVONS, 21, George+ St., St. Helens. R. OULSH&W, 8 Burecough St., Orucsktrk.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT DO THESE LETTERS REPRESENT ?

E.P.P.

LOOK OUT FOR LATER; ADVT

•

%

I' a

1

===== 0002601_19050107_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Eht "Opimintr Atrits

r"IE " WARRINGTON AND Mm-CHRSHIRB 8.A.„,.." published every Saturds^ morning. T"..F,L.L.gTowt, AND NEWTON EXAMINER published every Friday afternoon. THE "ST. HELENS ExAmtivull,' published every Friday afternoon. rllB "RUNCORN ExAmiszit," published every Friday afternoon. T" wIDNES EXAM! MB," publisbed every Friday afternoon.

THF: EXAMINER SERIES PREPAID ADVERTISEMENT APARTNIFSTB WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS To LET HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLINEotS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES Three Six Weeks. Week.. ... Is. ... 2s. Od . is. 101. ... 3s. Od ... 23. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 3s. 3d... ss. Od. ... 3s. Bd. ... 63. Od.

One Week.

Words.

18 27 38 45 54

3omestir Otrbantl, dr.

WVANTED good GENERAL SERVANT. —Apply Mrs. T. J. WEIR, Keekwick. near Warrington.

lAT ANTED HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS in private family, Prctestant.—Address MRS. G.,34,DUke St. Southport.

WANTED, GIRL from 16 to 18 as Hons.mald, reference requited.—Mlss Ifonawn.L, The Holmes, Golborne.

V good GENERAL ablA to milk; geod wages V to a auttab'e person.—Apply. Mn. WILLI!, Guildee, Sutton.

ANTED, a gond 0 WIRRAL SR 3V aNT, able to wash TV a good borne.—Apply, 31, MARKET ST., SbaW rear Oldham.

WVNTBD. et 2ong wng GIRL for general housework 15 or 16 ; send reference.—Mrs. PICKERING. 8, Lord et., Sou'hport.

WANTED STRONG- General SERVANT experienced, *bunt January 24tb.—Apply are. HILTON, Railway Road, Ormskirk.

WAND I gcod GENERAL able to wish; small family ; references required.—Mrs. BENTLEY, Ycrk rd., St.-Annes-on-Sea.

WANTED, an experienced GENERAL SERVANT; nc washing ; wacres £lB.-31rs. MILLS, Oak House Mottnim rd., Stalybridge.

WANTBD COOKS, 3enerals, Housemaids ; references.— Apply Miss JacKsox,Begistry Office, S 6 Andrew's rd., South. St. Annes-on-Sea.

WANTHD GRNBRAL f three in family.—Addreas Miss MEEK. 26, Soarisbrick New rd„ Soatiwort. No registry office need apply.

"W ANTED, a few stood GENERALS !or Public arid Private—Apply Mn. Wars, Registry °Rice. 132, Manchester 1,4., Rochdale.

WANTED, strong trustworthy PLAIN COOK; Rood reiereences —Mrs. OWEN SMITE, Douglas Vicarage. Parbold, nee.r Southport.

lATANTED superior strong GRAMM, Slii dVANT for January 16th.--iipply Miss Tvicz. Broanivllle, Wardle rd., Sale, Cheshire.

WANTBD, good GBNNIttI, family four, no wpiehilig, no children, £l4.—Apply liars. Mc PHALL, Norwood Graesendale, nr Li cerpool.

\VAlTal:enria?EfoNr ERunAlLth,rirtipstprloyn gm;ATwßaoffes Itioßlatainodn Hospital, Blaby, Lelcest.r.

IVANTED. COOK-GliNall IL. housemaid kept ; good 71 references requlred.—Apply Mrs. BENNETT. The Grove, Paddington, Warrington.

Vl7 ANTIC) HOUSE-PAHLOttial AID, end of January. "Small family, eook and k*usemaid. Church, Buglish. —Address ARIIISTE.&D, Heswan, Cheshire.

I

MTANTED Superior GENE/SAL. middle January, for one lady ; able to rook.— Apply, stating wages, Miss GBEENCP. Hesitbeide. Knutsford, Chester.

{BED Df or rgeZ reros7 ifiSbnipef, prfiaoore.S.BtltowVLvi :NanTdSooiunnfervye.ry RELFCT REGISTRY, Rusholtne Manchester.

Vti ANTISD at once COOK-GENERAL. HM Waitresses and Generals. good wages. —Mrs. DAVISe'S REGIdTII:4, TCO Wilmslow rd, Witbington, Manchester. ANTBD Useful MAID (thorough dressmaker) an between-meld;VY churchwomen, abstainers, Small family.— Mrs. SYMONIA. Over Tablev Vicarage, Xnutsford

ANTIID COOK. Housemaid-Waltrefa, Woman 40 tor V two aged people, one for Punlle, six Generals. - TURNERI9 REGISTRY, 123, Katherine It. Aghton-under-Lyne.

N‘7 ANTRD Young PHRSON aa CHANKRA.L. Housekeeper lupt. Only one gentlemen to look to. ISIoDd homely Place.-Aply by letter to 112,HOICHTIELD HD,Appleron Widnes

VT ANTED, 'l RUSTWORTHY GIRL; Protestant; from the country preferred. early timer, two children. references. Apply BILLINGToN, Clayton-le-Woods, Chorley.

t LL CLASSES OF SERVANTS ready from country or town.public and prloate.—Call or write Miss HARRISON'S only office), 6,oldbam street, Manchester. Established 1862.

W"elTeaßn"anoudnrGuslit.l4lollrtßil:tivf..;:amoouristbboenifeontdorof seahmiledr.ennot other need apply.--SurrEmooßTH, 51. Oldham road, Rayton, Oldham.

fIOOK 3 WANTED £2O to £24. Housemaid Waitress £lB A._./ to £22. Geneella £lB to RM. Girls £l4, excellent places. No connection with any other office.—Write to HARRISON'S 8, Oldham street. Manchester.

ALL CLASSES OF SITUATION iv S, prate and publics good homes. excellent wages ; places in town,country. and seaside.—Write to RA1041907(8 OLDEST ESTABLISHED REGISTRY, 6 Oldham street. Manchester.

WANTI,D at Once, a respectable country liVosaan as MOTHER'S HELP, at small farm ; must be fond of children ; good wages and comfortable borne to suitable person ; widow not objected to.—A pply, Mrs. JOHN SNP:LOON, Lower Witbington, Cbelford, Cheshire.

I AIME assortment of new and Second-hand Leather Suit -11-4 Cases. Cabin Trunks. Portmanteaus. and Bags to be sold cheap.—WENTf.a. 107 Charing Cross rd . London.

CEfILL LAMS speedily cured by Boyce's Infallible remedy Irritating Itching instantly allayed ; 70 years' repnta tion ; Is. tins post free.—rammecir. Chemist, Chertsey„

300r5r0. arrtarfro, tbr torkt

LION SALE PONY TILKNOUL (complete). price EM I' Apply C. Witrios, 49, Mill-lane, Newton-h?.-Willorra.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Co be let.

25, CATEIHRINH STIIHRT, 6 ROOMS 41. 3d. per week. PENKBTE.—GOOD HOUSH9 WITH GARDHNEI, 3s. 9d. per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 21. 6d. per week. IVY LODGE.PROGHALL LANA rent £45 a year on lease Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent,No. I Bank-stroet War' rlnaton Telephone—No 55.

1 OCK-UP SHOPS to be Let. Friars-green.—Juxe & SON, 1.4 25, Winsvick et., Warrington.

rro LBT 17, FOLLY LANll,—Apply WOODS & SON 1 Solicitors. Horsernarket Street, Warrington.

TO LET, good HOUFIR In Derby-street. rent 4s. 6d.; a/so 1. one off Bewsey-road. rent 4s, 6d.—Apply WOODS & dos, ad tors, Warrington.

WISWICH.—TO BB LET, imrn.diate poseession, seven roomed House, with large garden ; rent £2B.—Apply 'MITE GORE Co., Old Bank Buildings, Chester.

11;fotor ear, evelt4,

0 lOR CAR. 5i.; tbe' Vein miniature ; latest novelty any child can work It.—H., 9, Coleman Street. B. C.

HORS-POWkI Emile Dion TRICYCLE, perfect ; also B.S.A. Cycle not run 103 miles.—Loexwoon, Bradshaw rd., Henley. Huddersfield.

poultry, Cgqs, ett.

DUBE BRED BUFF ORPINr4TONS.—A few younz ;.7o2lferels for Sale, from 79. R. LEA, Fern worth, Widnes,

FOWL CORN, 71 Bd. 10e 6d, I 2 61. 240 Th.; Pie Food, 7.64 and Poultry Meal. Ba. and 10a., per 2001b1.—RocHE AND Co.. 15, Goree piazzas Liverpool. Mention paper.

VGGY, EGGS. EGGS ; 1300 from 40 hens during( October, .U 1 November. December. by rising the MATCHLESS POULTRY POWDEK, Ms, post tree, Is. 3d. ; agents wan ted.—Addre s. BIRTWISTifc BOR., Crewbawbooth. Manchester.

iti arbttierv, etc.

pATENT OF F ten. ti Ariel-fed riiii 131Fra.BusaED nr 1835.

Messrs. GEORGE DAVIKS & SON have heJ more than 40 years' personal experieneeln connection with this Estai,,st, ment andpossess practical knowledge of the Cotton,wnolle, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 64. " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws,' price Is. S SOROS OAFIRS, C.R., & SOI. F.1.P.A., M.S.A I. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCEIRSTAII

; T. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS. LIMITED (late Ornserod, I) Grierson and Co.), Hulme. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS' in the `,e• trade. In addition have purchase 4 all Wheel, PiAley , and Toot} Mock Patterns &c.. telonglng to the late Henry c. Wren and l' ~, Londoreroad Iron Works, Manchester, an:, I are In a fr. 'ion to Sopply CASTINGS, Millwright,anci all ilr ds of Engineering Work promptly,—Catalogue9 of Ire • Wheels and vulley Patterns on application. N.T., No. 229, Manchester: learaphic address: '

Grimrson. Manchester'.

pLACARDS.in Blgek and Coloursd Inks, to any size or paVern, and on any color ot paper. PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS, BOOKBINDERS, PAPIER BULB/ES, dtc., PLACARDS. EXTRA LARGE SIZE OUR specicity. JOHN WALKER AND CO. EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON!

fIOII—SES' LOIN CLOTHS.—flest and strongest in the market ; 461 n. long by 381n,wlde. Waterproof on stout navy convas. and Weighs sib. I will send one post free for as. cash returned if not appr9ved.—HY.J.GAseox, Rye.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND DEAD.

ZANFORD'S POISON for Killing Rats answers U J well. " After or, dreßsin¢ I found 13S deal next morn- BLlet, Hristhorpe, Leighton. " I killed ZCO rate witb Sanford's Poison "—C. Coax. Farmer. Ellesmere. "I cleetroyea 145 rate with it."—C. WlLsom. Offord.—Send Is Zd SANFORD & SON, Sandy, 13€0* Sold 1,9 Chemist'

IyANTBD Young NUN as 4ROOM- LI GADE NEL S, refer; ence required.—THE HOLMES, Gormosurst.

OMB WORK.— Making Small Parcels, 15s. weekly stamped envelope firramo. 56 Blmwood it.. Leeds.

et GENTS Wanted.—Penny goods ; three dozen, Is. 6d. iL gross, 51.—NOVELTY Co. (S.T.) Brilsaln et., ManchPater

2 2 WiFit.EniKpLaY. , envelope p c ;5.1 d sr eusrebi iTron. ht, da : s Pouft trbt lecnnAE!or ns - st eaw o.

WASTBD, to purchase, 'Pincelled Pictures for a collector. Cash per return of post.—KING, 304, hissex rd., London, N.

A GisciTS Wanted, samples and particulars of prize coin- .a. petions, sevenpence.—FUCHAßDd, 330, Dudley-rd., Waverbampton.

A GENTS WANTED.—Geoutne Coal Haver, eample packet 4 stamps; satisfaction guaranteed.—PEEßLlT.BB IVIF'O Co., nnkinfield.

MARRIED Couple, with refined home, wish to adopt Baby with good premium.— Mn. BATEE, 56 Sturgeon Road. Lorrlmore agnate. Kennington.

WANTED MAN or BOY, to look after cows, one who c milk; also Oirj, 18, for rarm work.—Apply, r HOWARD, Swift's Farm, KidAby, Liverpool.

BKLY. Earn this by addressing envelopes 30S. P WElroposal, addressed envelope.—NicnoLLs, (Dept. 24), 10. Featherstone Buildings, London, W.C.

WANTRD, to purchase weekly, 20 tons good sound POTATOES.—Address WILLIAM YOUNG, Potato Merchant, Vfolet Lodge. Vicar's Cross, Chester.

INANTS') Agents (Chop Assistants preferred) for Business Purchasing Company, Splendid openings. Write CHIEF AGENT. 89. St. Alban' avenue, Bast Ham.

ILNrcK WANTED in the Liberal Association OtEces salary 21.. ; good writing requirect.—Apply by letter to C. JACKSON Hotmits, Literal Association, Warrington,

HOME WORK, either seal making up paper packets ; He. upwards weekly —bead addressed envelope for particulars; ti.s.WitHEAD CIIEMICLI, Co., Foxbsr. Paisley.

TRADE PRINTING of every description. pRICE Lisrs Printed on card or paper Illas- rated, if required. RULES,TRINTED and BOUND for Oddfello ars Foresters, Druids, Shepherds' Sick, Burials and Trade Societies. Estimates given for all kinds 0 work. Xl c) .1 BLEPHONB IN 0. •

I There is no immedi THE PRICE OF PEACE. ate prospect that

the fall of Port Arthur will hasten the conclusion of peace. Mili- tary opinion in St. Petersburg inclines to the belief that the prestige of the Russian arms must be vindicated. This is a very natural view. We remember what was commonly thought in this country after the early disasters in South Africa. But the case of Russia presents some material points of difference. The CZAR is not only fighting the Japanese; he is virtually at war with his own people. The domestic enemy is even more formid- able than the foreign enemy. Of course, the enmity in Russia is not directed against the CZAR himself, but against the system which maintains Li the nineteenth century a form of administration worthy only of the most barbarous period of history. It is no use telling us that the Russian people are ignorant and unfit for self-government. Their ignorance is the most damning part of the indictment against the autocracy and bureaucracy. Their natural leaders—in other words, the whole educated class outside the official world—are exercising the most strenuous pressure in favour of constitutional re- form. Nobody can pretend that the Zemstvos are ignorant. They may be said to correspond to the middle classes who extorted the Reform Bill from the reluctant Sovereign and the House of Lords in 1832. A Russian journal truly says that the war is disastrous because the co-operation of the People and the Government is lacking. But that is the fault of the Government. The CZAR and his advisers have acted on the principle that the people have nothing to do with the laws but to obey them. As TOISTOY pointed out in his letter to the CZAR three years ago— the letter which was published in the " Times " on Tuesday—this principle cannot be upheld any longer without violent disruption. The letter was prophetic. The disruption has come ia a form most terrible to any ruler. At a time when Russia has suffered the worst of a long series of disaster at the hands of an Asiatic foe,her people refuse to their Sovereign that loyal and patriotic support without which her power is in danger of paralysis.

The plain truth is that the Russian people want peace now because a victorious war would simply fix more firmly upon their necks the bureaucratic yoke they yearn to shake off. That is the root of the whole matter, and it nullifies the arguments drawn from the assumption that the Government and the people have a common interest in the struggle with Japan. They can have no common interest in anything so long as the CZAR rejects the petitions of the most enlightened of his sub- jects,and imagines that his duty is to hand on to his son a system which could be justified only by the personal will of Peter the Great, and by the political conditions which prevailed in his time. It is pathetic, therefore, to read the assurance from St. Petersburg that Russia cannot entertain the idea of peace until she has won a victory. "No victory, I no peace," is the formula. We do not suppose

that Marshal OYAMA will permit General 1 KIIROPATKIN to beat him just once in order that the military party in Russia may have this excuse for proposing terms. The situation of KIIROPATICIN grows worse. There is no reason to suppose that he is getting all the reinforcements he needs, and he is said to be complaining with increasing bitterness of the delays in trans- port of all kind. Even if he should be able to mass the 400,000 men airily assigned to him by the Russian Embassy in Paris, where the difficulties of feeding such a host at the end of the Trans-Siberian Railway do not seem to be appreciated,he will have to face a confident enemy of at least equal strength. " Noals victorious troops," says the Russian Embassy, "must be very worn after their long campaign." This de- lusion is pathetic. Troops who are very worn do I not capture fortresses like Port Arthur. But nothing is sadder in the whole business than this Iclutching at the mirage of an ultimate victory.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
- _ _

111

****o

410 -4d*

W

41)

.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
ilitatlianous, en .'ate, ttr.

HAY.—ALDEREON BROTHERS. direct Importers. 25. Brasenose road. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
TILLS in Id. Boxes. Lowest ,priees to shopkeepers.-86 _l_ Vincent st., Salmi! Heath, Birmingham.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
V AS PIPBS.—Five splendid Briars post free 28. .4.1- 3ILNAGER, P. Dept., 4, Station road, Thetford.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
COAP. Id. per lb..Wnite or Carbolic; 361 b. carriage paid for k. 7 36. postal order.—Addrees SOAP Wotan. Walgate Wigan.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
y 2 VERY HOUSBWIFH should send.for Househoid Hints Fc 12./ Recipes, 9d. each.— THE Coox, 22, Jeffrey st.,Dukinfleld

===== 0002601_19050107_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
100 HAM-CURED SPRATS and 30 HERRINGS, finest selection, 21. 6d.—Kavart2, Royal Arcade, Lowestoft

===== 0002601_19050107_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
VALRNTINES.—WhoIesaIe and Retail. Sentimental and V Comic.—KlNG. Stationer, ZO4, Essex rd., London, S. Travellers wanted.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
10 WIREDRAWIIRS.-651bs. of four and Ix bole STEEL WHORTLES. What offers ?—FORREST, 277, Two Trees lane, Denton, Manchester.

CIGAR BANDS. for DECORATIVR PURPOSES. 100 assorted and centrepiece 6d. Postage Id.—LL. 79, Newington Causeway, London.

REA L NAVY SHRGIC 31in. wide, is. 2/d. yard; Na7y Flannel, is. 2d. yard.—WADE, Naval Contractor, Chatham. Write for patterns.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
1 PLAIN 2d. Coloured Theatrical Prints Wanted. Send 0. per post with Price. Cash per return of post.-3. K., 304, lissex Road, London, N.

SCOTCH CREAM, Ideal Whisky. Sample dozen case carriage paid, 40s. cash ; excellent raIue.—.EMPIRE eTORES, 70 Marchmont et., London.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
HOME-MADE CAKE.—RECIPE for DELICIOUS CAKES sent poet free. Three stamps.—Bilowtf , Confectioner, Eden at,,

===== 0002601_19050107_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
wHY PAY h. tte dozen. You can buy 36 choice PICTORIAL PCSTCARDS for ls. lid. post Nee. all different.—BONlCEß & Co., Woodford, Essex.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
"PARK IMPLBMENT4, Charr-outters, Pulpers, Cake ir Breakers Sm. Cash or easy payments. Lists free.— ROBE, Laburnum street, Wolverhampton.

A MUSING PHOTO-POSTCARDS to. (Real 'Photos). 13 Samples & Catalogue of Novelties 3 stamps. IBEMONGER, Stationer. Ilkeston. Derbvshire.

TUST WHAT'S WANTED.— The Rapid' Patent Oranga t./ Peeler, 63. each, post free (special price for quantities), —HEAL, 13 Pakeman at.. Holloway. London.

TAMPS.—Appro.7%I sheets 50 per cent. discount. or 10s. i„.7 worth for 3s. 6d. Pick where Toe like ; fine variety.— COLLECTOR, Tresco, Ffirkbecir rd., lidnewell Hill.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
pPICTORIAL POSTOARDS.—Large Varieties. Wholesale Constant change of stock ; all latest novelties- NOVELTY PosTcssn Co., 41a. Prestent Street. Liverpool.

-13UGS.—Good. all wool, 6ft. by 6ft. wide, weight 41b. Will send one 25. 6d., carriage paid ; cash returned if not approved of.-11. J. GIBSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
glisretiantoug, On Oalo, etc. (11:10D wi.trica PIANO, mu l Compel!, check action kfi ivory keys, gilt top panel 9 guineaa.-64 ASTLEY BT., Stalvbridge. fIOFFEE IN THE BERRY—Fresh-roasted at wholesale I,_) price; splendid flavour, Is. per Ib.—PARKER, 16, Esplanade, New Ferry. Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
SMOKE GRADY'S DIifoRNDBIL TOBACCO " It doe. not burn the tongue." Sold everywhere in packet. with coupon Wholeeale.—GßADY. Ring Bt., Wigan

===== 0002601_19050107_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
AII ATBISIONY. CAPTAIN, large means and pay, family and position desires marriage Lady of position. Box 719, Advertiser Office, Northumberland 'Avenue. W.O.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
!DEW Ton. of FINDLAY'S Northern Star POTATOES on .L' Sale, have grown over 16 tons from 5 cwt. of seed this season; price reasonable.—l.'CAßTEß, Blckerstaffe,Ormskirk.

NTERTAINVENTS for Parties, Bazaars, Parish Gather- ( ings, .ka. Engage Professor Eugene, Conjuror and Ventriloquist.—Terms and testimonials, 18, FARNWORTH ST., Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
\VIRE FOX TERRIER BITCH, Sire Jim Crow; coming Y in season ;£1 ; bargain.-51. ROBERTS, Garswood, Wigan. VOR SALE JERSEY BULL. well bred, twelve months J. aid ; price £l2.—Appiy WILLIAMS, Eaatharn House Bastham, Cheshire.

COB SALF, a thorough-brea Bull :Vitali! DOG. colour (Brindle), aged two years.—Applv A, TAYLoIt, 133, Ornasklrk rd., Newtown, Wigan.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNRRAL CAR : new, special cletign, cup tyres, massive silver fittings, three cars in one, price £155, usual price £195 —ARNOLD. CArriage imilder, Upper Brook st.,M'cbester

===== 0002601_19050107_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
lattsts anti Eanti on 'ale.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
f IHARLEbVILLB, Farnwortn.—Two Villas, send-detached 1.._/ ON SALE; self-contained ; freehold.—Apply, Miss PURVER, Hale road, Ditton. Widnes.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ital.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
TO BE SOLD. PORK BUSINESS, Old Established, in .1 the best part of the town. Leaving through ill-health Apply V, =tame, Bridge et., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
£250 INVESTED and Secured on real Betate retnrns. Ss. weekly clear.—For particulara, FREDERICK FRY, Esq.. Park Honse, Serpentine rd., Discard. Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Wianteb

IV'URSH Child Wante4l.—Wrlte H., 41, Martindale Rd. 11 Custom House, London.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
h ation

===== 0002601_19050107_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
BY MESSRS. HICKMAN & OTHERS.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
''.-M

As events turned out the most contentiols topic at the Council meeting on Tuesday w& the account for the printing of the Non-Trading Com- missioners' report, which had been rejected by the General Purposes Committee, and came up on the minutes of the committee. There was an acrimonious discussion, opened by speakers who appeared to derive a peculiar pleasure from the fact that they were opposing something in which the Non-Traders were concerned, and carried on by Councillor Pem- berton, who, whatever may be urged against him, never fails to stand to his guns. The whole affair is paltry, and by no means to the credit of the Council. We make bold to say that had the , Council Commissioners compiled so long a report and, in their honest judgment decided that the best form in which to present it was in print, the Corporation you'd have gladly accepted it and paid the bill without a murmur.

It has been decided by an overwhelming majority in the Town Council that an extra half- penny fare shall be paid for the new route between Stafford-road and Victoria-square,Stockton:Heath. Anything else could hardly have been expected, except by the f' Heathens,' who are given to expecting a lot. The comparison which is made between the Latchford and Stockton Heath routes is not a fair one, and it is no argument to say that because the length of the latter is :less than that of the former the fare shall be no more. There is a vast difference between the cast of the two Iroutes, and the Corporation is bound to consider , the question of profit and loss as well as the convenience of the public. Moreover, the new line at Stockton Heath extends beyond the Borough boundary for almost the whole of its length, and this is an additional reason why the fare should be increased. Really, there ,is no justificatiou for the Council to extend a tramway, at the cost of £32,000 a mile and do it for nothing. Stockton Heath people have not earned such a boon. Their " cusaedness," as Comcillor Maginn calla it, has frequently bean a source of vexation to the Corporation of Warring- ton. All things considered we think the charge of an extra halfpenny a fair and reasonable one. By the time the " Heathens " have earned grace and virtue, and the Corporation a considerable hoard of pence, the question may be re-opened. •

The Water Committee has succeeded in obtain. ing sanction to take the preliminary steps for borrowing £20,510 in order to complete the water- works undertaking, Councillor Pemberton was practically the only opponent of the pro- posal, and he was unfortunately prevented from making a strong case by the fact that he has been e'denied access to the papers relating to the contract. Alderman Fran- comb persists in saying that Councillor Pemberton can see any necessary papers, but the result remains the same—papers and the informa- tion required are not forthcoming on applies- cation. We still think that the Water Committee it as lamentably failed in justifying its position in regard to the present con tract. Alderman Francomb's detailed statement on Tuesday was little more satisfactory than the one he gave a month ago. The details themselves require considerable elucidation which we hope will be forthcoming who* the Local Government Board Inspector holds Ms inquiry. Under the heads of projected expenditure, for instance, there is put down nearly £B,OOO for mains in and out of the borough. Surely these I were or might have been specified in the original scheme for which £147,000 was borrowed? However, an indulgent and not very critical Council accepted the bald explanation vouchsafed, but we are sure there are very many people who will be far from content with the Water Com- mittee's reasons for incurring an additional ex- penditure of £20,510.

Overorowding difficulties have loomed with un- pleasant frequency before the Warrington rate- payers of late and there appears to be every likelihood of another having to be dealt with at no very distant :date. The accommodation at the Padgate Cottage Homes is now, we are told, being severely taxed and there are already lin residence twenty-three more children than thelinstitution is registered for. Nor does the number show any signs of decreasing. On the contrary there are children waiting to be transferred from the Work- house to the Homes. Every-one will be prepared to admit that the schools are doing an admirable work in equipping the rising generation to take their part in the battle of life, and :if they were convinced of the absolute necessity for an extension the ratepayers would, no doubt, acquiesce in the diversion of public funds into a channel which most in the long run save the rates. It would, indeed, b., unfortunate if the excellent system of training were hampered by overcrowded conditions. The fact that another large building scheme is already in hand must not be overlooked, and it therefore behoves the Guardians to pro- ceed with caution and, if possible, to devise means other than building to cope with the situation.

There has been something akin to a musica revival in Warrington of late years. Local talent has come to the fore with refreshing persistence, new organizations have been created, and there is on every hand evidence that the refining and elevating influence:of music is playing a largee part' in the recreation and education of Warrington people. Who, ten years ago, would have seriously thought of an Eisteddfod being successfully engineered in Warrington.? Yet for three years in succession, by dint of the dauntless energy and enthusiasm of a few local artistes, we have bad .a musical festival which has done the town credit. Gratifying is it to know that the Eisteddfod with which the year 1905 opened was, both in point of public support and the high standard oi the competitions,superior to its predecessors. We believe it has been sug- gested that the festival in future years might with advantage, be made a general town under- taking instead of confining the arrangements to the enterprize of the few. The sphere of interest would, no doubt, be enlarged by such a step, but whether the suggestion becomes an accomplished fact or not, Warrington will have cause to be indebted to the lovers of music who first intro- duced the time honoured Welsh institution for the enjoyment and cuyure of the townspeople of War- rington.

The historian of Mr. Gladstone and depositary of his most cherished political confidences is understood to be writing his impressions of the United States. His recent tour was not his first visit, but he is deliberate in all his actions, and the wonder, indeed, will be that he should deliver himself on so near a subject at all. A con- tributor to a current weekly has been endeavouring to analyse Mr. Morley's character, its strength and weakness. A man who was not afraid of a paradox would have aid of Mr. Morley that his strength was his weakness, and a little evidence of weakness would

make his name stronger in the eyes of the people. I Mr. Morley has nothing of the demagogue about him. All our great modern statesmen have had just a suspicion of it—Disraeli and Gladstone con- spicuously; Lord Rosebery and Mr. Balfour in lesser degree. Mr. Morley commands respect I rather than affection; and it is his difficulty of I raising enthusiam that barred his way to being ' Leader of the Liberal party—a position which I seemed his by every qualification. Though he is 4 austere' and appears 0:3 some to be proud, Mr. Moiley has the quality of never under-estimating his opponents. Like the late Sir William Harcourt, too, he kept the friendship of Mr. Chamberlain, all through the political fissures and fusions; and has it still; though nobody has said more caustically what he thinks of Mr. Chamberlain's politics. Yet he it was who induced a gathering at the National Liberal Club to cheer Mr. Chamberlain for his courage and patriotism on that tour through South Africa. One-eyed politicians cannut understand this ; but it is part of Mr. Morley's strength—and weakness!

Something of pathetic interest attaches to an I article in the" Monthly Review" by the Rev. J. M. Bacon on "The Birth of Telegraphy." This well-known aeronaut and scientific writer passed away but a fortnight ago; and in possibly the last article Whose proofs he corrected on finds him including telepathy in his outlook, and inquiring whether our 'scientific " developments of the fu- ture may not depend upon the perfecting of man's faculties rather than upon any mechanical ingenu- ity or material wonder. Strange things, he says, happen on the borderland of the normal. Dr. Alexander Bain's statement is quoted that "in the 1 delirium of fever the sense of hearing sometimes become extraordinarily acute, and that among the premonitory symptoms of brain disease has been I noticed an unusual delicacy of the sense of sight." But the essayist has an answer for the doctor, in that this abnormal acuteness of sense may belong to the most normal conditions. The natives of 1 the St. Lawrence country were told by their medicine man of the coming of the French ,t whites," and set out on a river voyage of many weeks to meet them. General Gordon's death was known in the streets of Cairo on the day of its occurrence. "In like manner it has been con- stantly reported during the present Russo-Japanese War that the Chinese have appeared to be in possession of intelligence which could have been conveyed through no obvious channel." Animals scent danger and seismic trouble ; and it becomes , a question (says the essayist) whether some mode of obtaining intelligence from a, distance may not have been acquired by certain creatures in a state of nature, as also by native tribes, and whether some survival of this may not be found in second sight among civilized peoples.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events.

We would again remind our readers of Mr. Llayd George's visit on February 3rd. The front seats and centre gallery seats are being reserved at a charge of is:, and the plan will be open shortly at Mes srs. ILH. Pearson's Limited,

To morrow the morning service at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church will be taken by the Rev. Joseph Manning. In the evening the Rev. R. Wiltains Rees will preach on "The Church's Motto for 1905." The twelfth anniversary of the Warrington P.S.A. Society will be celebrated by a meeting in the Co- operative Hall, Sankey street, to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon Mr. R. Nelson will preside and an address will be delivered) by Mr. E. Wynne Jones. The Silver Street Juvenile Prize Choir will be in attend- ance.

The Per. John Yonge will preach at Wycliffe Church to-morrow (Sunday) morning and evening. The Rev. H. Dunnico will preach the annual sermon to young men and women on the New Year's =ttt. at the Parr Hall to-morrow (Sunday) evening. An ordinary meeting of the shareholders of the Manchester and Liverpool District Banking Co., Ltd., will be held at the head office, Spring Gardens, Man- chester, on Wednesday, January 18th. The choir of Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church will render selections from "The Messiah" to-morrow (Sunday) evening.

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING of! TONICS. I 63. SANKEY-STREET, WarrlngtoM—Advt. Personal.

At the Quarterly Court of the Plumber' Company, held at the Guildhall, Thomas Hughes' plumber of Knutsford-road, Latchford, age 30. was admitted to the honorary freedom of the company, on having passed in honours the final examination under the company's graded syllabus of instruction. The Master (Alderman and Sheriff T. Vezey Strong) addressing the new freeman, reminded him of his responsibility for maintaining the company's traditional regard for high craftsmanship. and the duty plumbers owe to the The Infirmary, The Hon. Treasurer Workingmen's Infirmary Com- mittee begs to acknowledge with thanks the sum of :C.:2 18s. from the customers of Mr. S. Wakefield. Central Hotel.

Warrington District Nursing Association. The Hon. Treasurer of the Warrington District Nursing Association begs to acknowledge with thanks the sum of £2 18s. from the customers of Mr. S. Wakefield, Central Hotel. •

H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC is the KING OF TONICS.-63, SANKEY ST., WIERINGTON.—AdYt. A Sheep's Fatal Adventure. At Frodsham, on Thursday, a sheep strayed on to the London and North-Western Railway line, and when on the Frodsham Bridge it leaped over a high parapet guarding the River Weaver arches, and, falling a distance of over seventy feet, was killed. St. George's Day School. At the request of the Education Committee the Managers of St. George's Mission have granted an extension of the use of their premises until the• end of July, 1906. The Local Educational Authority will pay rent at the rate of .£1 a week, from April let, 1904, to July 31st, 1906. Local Harriers

Nineteen members of the Warrington AC., turned out for an ordinary pack run from headquarters on Saturday. The distance covered was 6.1 miles, and the northern junior champion, C. J. Straw finished first in 40 minutes, closely followed by tbe Brothers Parsonage. Poor Children's Treat,

The officers and teachers of Wycliffe Cockhedge Mission held their annual treat for poor children on Monday when 320 sat down to tea. Afterwards there was an entertainment, which was greatly enjoyed by the children. The committee desire to thank all who so willingly subscribed for the treat.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
Index to Inside Pages.

PAGE. 2. Blanche "by Grace Deane. "Historic Scenes in the House of Commons" by Henry W. Lucy. Warrington Rural District Council. Watchnight Services. 3. " The Vampire "by G. B. Burgin. Golborne-street 'tea Party. Penketh News. Women's Chat and Fashions. G. " Worth Her Weight in Gold "by Ralli West. Police News. Mond Gas and Iron-Making. 7. Football Matches. Motor Notes. Billiards. FIRE GRATES of every description.—J. S. GAR- LAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, a 55, Bridge- street, Warrington.—Advt. Burning Fatality. Patrick McCormick, aged three years, 5, Bewsey- street, was admitted to the Infirmary yesterday morn- ing suffering from burns. It is supposed that he was trying to light something at the fire when his clothing became ignited. He was severely burned about the body. and died a few hours after adm6sion to the institution. Lancashire Coal Trade. The Lancashire coal trade is just now experiencing a run of exceptional briskness. Same of the pits are winding longer hours in order to keep pace with orders. The delay occasioned by the recent fogs has not yet been made up. Five days per week are being worked at the majority of the pits, some few having resulted to Saturday winding. PUBLIC3BENEFIT. UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS TN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Death of Mr. Henry Lawton, of Moore. On Monday afternoon the remains of the late Mr. Henry Lawton,a highly respected inhabitant of Moore, who passed away in his seventy-seventh year, were interred in the Daresbury Church Yard. The Vicar (Rev. F. Clifton Smith) performed the last rites in the presence of a large gathering of relatives and friends. Many floral tributes were forwarded. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Fire Last Night. At 7.30 last night. the Warrington Fire Brigade received information by telegram of an outbreak on a farm at Newton-by-Daresbury. The men turned out promptly with the engine, Major," and up to a late hour had not returned. The fire was evidently a serious one, as the glare could be seen for miles around. UNDER THE CLOCK for Good BooTs.-.-Advt. Sportsman's Unusual ",Bag."

A well-known local sportsman was fortunate in obtaining, yesterday, whilst out shooting, a fine specimen of wild goose of the Brent species. The bird scaled 7-lbs. 2-ozs., and measured 4ft. 2in. across the wings. It is a rarity for wild geese to be in this district, and many local wild fowlers will no doubt feel envious. BASSINETTES AND MAIL CARTS in latest art shades.—.l. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Prayer Meetings. A series of united prayer meetings in connection with the Free Church Council have been held in Bold- street Church Parlour during the week. On Tuesday evening the members of the Hill Cliffe Baptist Chapel joined the members of the Ebenezer and Providence Chapels in a united prayer meeting in Ebenezer Chapel. Tho Rev. J. S. Hughes presided and the Rev. G. H. Carnson gave the address. Evening Continuation Schools. The Director of Education informs us that the following arrangements have been made for the under- mentioned gentlemen to distribute the prizes and certificates gained by students in attendance at the various Evening Continuation Schools during the session 1903-4, viz. :—Fairfield, Monday, 9th January, 7.30 p.m., Mr. John Upson; Hamilton-street, Monday, 9th January, 8.30 p.m., Mr. John Upson ; Heathside, Tuesday, 10th January, 7.30 p.m., Mr. A. J. Jolley ; Wycliffe, Tuesday, 10th January, 8.30 p.m., Mr. A. J. Jolley; Warrington British, Wednesday, 11th January, 7.30 pin., Rev. N. Wilson. ASK for CuNNEN. GRAM'S MGR-CLASS MINERAL WATER S.—Advt. Spiritualist Society. At the close of Sunday evening's service at the Spiritualist Hall, the annual meeting for the election of officers, adoption of reports, Sze., was held Mr. Stout presiding. The financial report was very satisfactory considering the heavy expenses connected with removal from Bewsey-street to the Drrids' Hal], and the extra outlay connected with the hall. The following, officers were elected :—President, Mr. W. E. Stout ; vice-presidents, Messrs. Moorey, Glendale and Childs; secretary, Mr. W. Massey; corresponding secretary, Miss A. Furness, treasurer, Mr. T. Hard- man; organist, Mr. J. Booth; committee, Mr. Sixsmith, Mrs. Mansseur, Mrs. Gallop, Mrs. Lawton, and Mrs. Croft, The Secretary and Treasurer of the Lyceum (Messrs. R. Gleave and E, Rotherham) are ca-office members of the committee.

Old Blues' Re-Union The brightly • decorated rooms at the Warrington Blue Coat school were the scene of a most enjoyable gathering on Thursday evening when the jubilee of the Blue Goat Brotherly Society was celebrated by the holding of a re-union of Old Blues. The attendance numbered about sixty, and included Councillor W. J. and Mrs. Forshaw. Excellent arrangements had been made by a sub-committee consisting of Messrs. F. Short, John Moss, J. Dobson and W. Rutter who had the hearty co operation of Mr. E. Rose, the respected headmaster. The affair was a suc- cess in every way. Dancing was indulged in from eight to twelve, Mr. Lawson supplying the music. Mr. Dobson was the M.C. During the intervals songs were rendered by Mrs. Short and Mr. W. Broughton, and Mr. Alf. Grounds provoked considerable amusement by his humorous sketches Mr. Foster gave a conjuring exhibition. The catering was in the capable hands of Mrs. Atkinson. Mr. E. Rose whs heartily thanked for his valuable services in helping forward the arrangements, on the proposi- tion of Mrs. F. Short.

LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE-STREET.—Advt.

Public House Assessments. The Warrington tissessra,mt Committee met yesterday under the presidency of Mr. A. J. Jolley. There were also present :—Messrs. S. Davies, J. Billings, W. Houghton, A. Brooks, G. Mather, J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), W. Owen (valuer) and the following assistant overseers : Messrs. W. A. Woodcock (Warrington), J Houghton (Newton), J. Wright (Cuerdley), and Ditchfield (Itiyddleton). Mr. William Cherry, licencess of the King's Head, Winwick street, appealed against an assessment of £l4O gross and 31119 rateable. It was explained that the house had been rebuilt, and Mr. Cherry informed the' committee that the increase of trade had not been in proportion to the increased size of the house. The committee declined to make any reduction. Mr. J. E. Shaw, licencee of the Red Lion, Winwick-road, appealed against an assessment of ;£lOO gross and 93 rateable. This house had also been rebuilt and the appellant said it was really two large from the neighbourhood. The committee could not see their way to make an alteration.—ln reply to a member of the committee, the Chairman said it was a fact that public house assessments in Warrington were low, when compared with many other districts. The Late Mr. John Houghton. The funeral of the late Mr. John Houghton, Heath Lodge, one of the oldest and most highly respected residents of Padgate, who passed away yesterday week took place at the Warrington Cemetery on Monday. The deceased gentleman who in a few days would have attained his 71st birthday I..et with a serious accident some years ago from the effects of which he never recovered. ile was a Conseivative and a Churchman and for years represented the township on the Board of Guardians, being the oldest member of the authority at the time of his retirement The funeral was preceded by a service in Padgate Church. The Rev. W. Pollock-Hill, vicar of Padgate officiated. The choir of Padgate Church sang the hymns, 'Peace, perfect peace" and "..ow the labourer's task is o'er." Mr. Blackwell pregiding at the organ. The chief mourners were : Messrs, Thomas Hounhton and William Houghton (brothers). Messrs. .J. W. Houghton, W. J. Bennett, Henry Houghton, Herbert Houghton, P. H. Bennett, P. Birchen and F. Wright (nephews), Mr. Herbert Hatton (solicitor), the Rev. H. Riggall, Alford, Lincoln- shire; Messrs. R. M. and G. H. Riggall, and the d w eaese aas el ad's large rn anded i eral. praetsteenndtaatinvt D e, asrs.emßbelnynbeottth. Tinhethree church and at the Cemetery.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
.1

. I , „.. . _ ..., . , .., ..., , r f ,! o . ""!...- S ''' r tk.._ 4„..,,,,,A,„ htt.„, A A. _. . , ~„6,4=7.,._%-% ~....4vti; -'.---

===== 0002601_19050107_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:V.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Musical Successes. At the recent examinations of the Incorporated Society of Mlnicians held in Liverpool. Winifred Littler passed in Grade 111, and Joanna Murray in Preparatory Grade in pianoforte playing. Both are pupils of Miss Margaret Chisholm L.R.A..11., at Beaconfield School, Weston. Footballers Robbed. A robbery from Shugars and J. Davies well-known members of the Warrington Football club, is reported. It appears that both lodge at a house in Old-road and on Monday Shugars was away at Bradfore. whilst D ivies went to Wigan. On returning, home at night Shugars discovered that £2B of his had disappeared from a portmanteau in his bedroom, while Davies missed £5. The police have the matter in hand. Depression in the Cheshire Cheese Trade. Mr. R. Challinor (the secretary to the Cheshire Dairy Farmers' Association) states that the cheese trade of 1901 had not been so depressed since 1879. In comparing figures with 1903 he estimated that cheesemakers had lost £105,250. The quality of the cheese was by no means lower, than that of previous years : on the other hand, experts stated that the reputation of , Cheshire cheese never stood higher than it did now.l In his (Mr. Challinor's) opinion the cause of the depression was the general depression of trade. Other causes undoubtedly affected the consumption, such as the increased impartation of the foreign com- petitor's product, with its distribution at unremunera- tive prices. Baptist Sick and Burial Society. The annual " divide "in connection with the Hill Cliffe Baptist Sunday School Sick and Burial Society was held last week when the officers and a number of teachers, parents, and scholars met. The President, the Rev. J. S. Hughes, presided. The Treasurer (Mr. Joseph Moss, jun.,) stated that the funds were in a healthy state, and that notwithstanding the exception- al drain upon the club during the year, through the death of two members, an experience which had only happened once before in twelve years, they had over £2O in hand, which would enable them to pay three and tenpence to each mninber and leave a substantial balance in hand. This was agreed to. Thanks were accorded to the officers, on the motion of Mr. Phillips and Mrs. Cliff e. Th.,3 officers were re-appointed. Police Court and Prim Gate Mission. The following are some of the items in the work of the Police Court and Prison Gate Mission of the Liverpool Diocesan C.E.T.S. for the months of Decem- ber. The members of the staff made 252 visits to 26 police and petty sessional courts, and conversed with 1,195 persons in the courts and cells of whom 543 were afterwards visited in their abodes. The magistrates enlisted the help of the missionaries on -bah all of 56 persons in the courts, and the court officials and the police had their assistance for 42 persons in the cells and courts ; 39 women, girls and boys were taken to homes, sent back to friends, or provided with employment ; 28 tickets for work at the Society's Firewood and Mat Factory were given to men.

Warrington Ragged School Mission. On Sunday 300 mince pies and 600 oranges were distributed to the children attending the Mission. On Monday evening the annual teachers tea meeting took place followed by a discourse on the work of the Mission, snd some suggested improvements. Messrs. Skelland, Owen, Gough, O'dell, Miss Monks and other workers took Fart in the discussion, Mr. Skelland also related his eKperiences of Sunday School work. The officials are helping, as well as their funds will allow deserving cases of distress among the poor, A number of tickets have been given out entitling the recipients to doles of bread &c. Donations are thank- fully acknowledged from : Mr. Carter, 200 buns ; Mrs. Smith (baker), 501bs of bread, a parcel of cloth bag from Miss Gill, Wilderspool-road. There are many really dPserviug cases in the town and to help them, the management appeal for donations of money, food and clothing.

r' Big Farm Fire. , , During the whole of Sunday the Warrington and Winwick Asylum Fire Brigades were engaged in sub- duing a disastrous outbreak at the farm of Mr. Peter Longton, Winwick. It was about ten o'clock when the alarm was raised and the Warrington Brigade under Deputy Superintendent Turner were soon upon the scene. They found that the flames had got a firm hold on a Dutch barn, five bays long, built of wood and corrugated iron and containing stacks of hay, .corn and straw,sacks of corn, farm implements, carts, and a thrashing machine and an engine belonging to Mr. Bond, of Glazebrook. Fortunately the Winwick Asylum Brigade, in charge of Captain Parker, were on the spot before the arrival of the Warrington men and they had rendered valuable service, the united brigades ultimately succeeding in saving a stack and the remainder of the farm buildings. The damage is •estimated at about £l,OOO. The origin of the fire is a mystery. 1, Technical Institute Soiree.

A highly successful and enjoyable gathering was the fifth annual students' soiree in connection with the Municipal Technical Institute which was held in the Parr Hall, on Tuesday evening. The assembly numbered abcrit 250, and dancing was indulged in with spirit until the early hours of the morning, an excellent selection of music being supplied by Mr. A Starkey's band. Mr. J. Moore Murray efficiently dis •charged the duties of master of , and the following stewards lent valuable assistance : —Messrs. E. Haigh, H, Whittle, E, A. Clayton, I. Pharoah. H. Boyle and F. Gartland. An admirable secretary was found in Mr. E. Haigh who worked most assiduously 'for the success of the function. Daring the evening the Mayor and Mayoress and several members of the Education Committee were in attendance. The catering was in the hands of Mrs. Atkinson and gave complete satisfaction. ASK for CUNNINGHAM'S HIGH-CLASS NIDIERAL WATERS.—Advt.

I

'Coroner Thanks Jurymen. Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner, took the oppor- tunity at St. Helens Town Hall, on Monday, of publicly Placing on record his appreciation of the willing and able work of the jurors of South-West Lancashire. -, Mr. Brighouse told the jury that he was sorry to have • 1 to interfere with their holiday, but the business of the t, county had to go on. He honestly offered his best wishes to the jurors of the county, and hoped they would experience a happy and prosperous New Year. Them was a discussion just now going on in some Papers as to the value of jurors, and a judge at assize had expressed his dissatisfaction with nearly all the verdicts that had been returned by the jurors at that assize. He could not express any opinion about civil and criminal cases, but in regard to that court he • ' would be very sorry indeed to take the responsibility of the work unless he was assisted by jurors. In --. many cases he had no technical, or scientific skill that , enabled him to deal with them, but he found more often that the jurors were able to supply that " deficiency. He did not say that as flattering, but he , really found that it would be quite impossible to do the work as conscientiously as he desired unless he - had the assistance of jurors. He also thanked the Police of South-West Lancashire for the very able way in which they got information for him and reported various cases. He also expressed his indebtedness to the Press for their services in record Ing so intelligently the proceedings of the court. The Late Mr. Henry Lee. On Saturday the remains of the late Mr. Henry ,Len (father of Mrs. Ziba Armitage and Mr. Arthur H. -Lee, Warrington) were interred in the Salford Cemetery, Weaste A service at the Broughton Park Congregational Church was conducted by the Rev. Samuel Pearson, pastor of the church. Dr. Henry Watson was at the organ. Two well-known hymns— " There is a land of pure delight " and" Give me the Wings of faith to rise '—were sung by the choir and congregation. After the reading of the Scriptures Mr. Pearson gave an address, in which he spoke of the fine character of the late Mr. Lee, and of his long devotion to good causes. None of his talents had been buried or unused. He was diligent and unselfish in his -use of them all, and he had left the world richer for his presence and now poorer by his absence.— At the close of the service the Dean of Manchester (Dr. Maclure) pronounced the benediction. The body was then borne to the cemetery, where the final prayers were offered by the Rev. Dr. Goodrich. The arrival of the funeral party at the cemetery was awaited by a number of tho prefects of the Grammar School (Mr. Lee was deputy chairman of the Board of Governnrs). and they lined the pathway on each side as the body was taken to the graveside. The Corporation and magistracy of Manchester, as well as numerous organizations xvith which the deceased gentleman had been connected, were represented. The late Mr. Lee was well known at Wycliffe Congrega- tional Church where he had in times past, been an 'occasional worshipper. • PPR GLASS AND CHINA of every description try J. S. GARLAND, Furnishing Ironmonger, 51, 53, and 53, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

gm

• -

===== 0002601_19050107_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
Memorial to South Lancashire Regiment. At a meeting of the Workingmen's Committee held on Thursday last Mr. D. Davies presiding, the Hon. Treasurer (11r. H. Hope) reported that the amount , raised to date by the Workingmen's Committee was ;£l9l which amount included the sum of MG lls, the net proceeds resulting from the concert held in the Parr Hall in November last. Several members expressed the hope that the committee would be able to make the amount to be handed over to the Esecu- tive Committee up to .£209 and it was ultimately decided unanimously that the next meeting be the final one and that it take place towards the end of this month in order to allow firms who have not yet contributed to do so.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Wycliffe Church. At this church on Sunday morning the annual new year's young people's service was held and was largely attended. In the absence of the Pastor (Rev. John Yonge), through the indisposition of his wife, the service was conducted by Kr: J. A. Yonge (principal of the Congregational school, Saltburn), who delivered an address and distributed Bibles to the members of the Pastor's Catechumen class. In the evening Mr. A. Conley preached. Buckley-street P.S.A. Society. Mr. P. Green presided at an open meeting of the Buckley-street P.S.A. Society held on Sunday in the Methodist Free Church. There was a good attendance of members and friends. The chairman delivered an address on the words "Behold, I stand at the door and knock," and the speaker, Mr. El. Thornton, took for his subject, "He thanked God and took conrage." Miss L. Fairhurst and Miss L. Woodland sweetly rendered the solos.', "He shall feed his flock" and "Come unto Me," while Miss Fairhurst sang "He was despised." Mr. M. Shaw, and Mr. EL Woolley also took part in the service. Miss Plinston acted as accompanist. Re-opening of St. Hilda's Mission; A special service was held on Thursday evening to celebrate the re-opening of this mission which has been closed for nearly two years owing to the fact that there was no assistant curate working in the parish of St. James until the arrival of the Rev. D. R. Davies. The building has undergone considerable renovation and it is hoped that it will quickly become a centre of religions activity in the neighbourhood. There was a good con- gregation at the re-opening service which was conducted by the Rev. H. B. Firth (vicar), assisted by the Rev. D. R. Davies. The preacher was the Rev. H. V. Pigot, vicar of Stockton Heath, who based an appropriate sermon on the words "They continued steadfastly in the Apostle's doctrine and fellowship and in the break- ing of bread and in prayers" Acts of Apostles ii., 42.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
EX-BANK MANAGER'S AFFAIRS. Bankruptcy Proceedings at Warrington.

At the Warrington Bankruptcy Court, yesterday, before Nlr. Registrar Ridgway, Thomas Cross Haddock, now residing and carrying on business as an insurance agent at Rose Cottage, Knutsford-road, and formerly branch bank manager at Runcorn, appeared for his public examination. The liabilities amounted to .£l6B 14s. 7d., and the assets consisted of a metal watch valued at 2s. and six sporting prints valued at £3, the deficiency being £165 125. 7d. The debtor gave as the causes of his failurg• :—" 111-health of myself, and the consequent loss of my employment as a Bank Manager; and losses by speculation on the Stock Exchange." The Official Receiver made the following observations on the case :—Receiving Order on Bankrupt's own petition. Two judgments unsatisfied at 'date thereof. Bankrupt states that, from about 1870 to March 1900, he was a bank employee, and for the last five years of that period acted as a manager at Runcorn: that both before and since March, 1900, he has acted as agent for several insurance companies ; not having kept any books of account, or at any time ascertained his financial position, cannot file prescribed defici- ency account, but attributes his deficiency, ,in general terms, to " losses by speculation on the Stock Exchange"; first became aware of his insolvency "about 3 years ago" ; has since contracted some of his exist- ing liabilities ; before his marriage in September, 1888, settled a policy on his own life for .L4OO, and his house- hold furniture on his wife and children, with certain reservations in favour of himself ; and that his wife is possessed of shares in a limited company, a mortgage to secure £650, and an income of about £65 a year arising from other sources. Unsecured liabilities are for :—Bank overdraft, money borrowed, and costs, £5l 16s. 9d. ; clothing, £7l 13s. 3d. ; medical attendance, £25 ' • wines and spirits, £7 17s. 10d.; fixtures, £5 ; and sundries, £7 6s. ad. Mr. W. E. Fowler appeared for the debtor. Mr. Johnson, the assistant official receiver;having ex- amined the debtor at some length, the examination was closed.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE COTTAGE HOMES. Distribution of riz?.s.

ANOTHER ACCOMMODATION DIFFICULTY. -- A large number of Warrington ladies and gentlemen visited the Padgate Cottage Homes on Thursday even- on the occasion of the annual distribation of prizes by*Miss Broadbent. The function, which took place in the brightly-decorated schoolroom proved highly enjoy- able and successful. Mr. George Mather, (chairman of the Schools Committee) presided, and the attendance included :—Mrs. Clay, Miss Broadbent, Mrs. Wilkinson, the Rev. Dr. Mercer, the Rev. J. Pollock-Hill, Messrs. S. Davies, A. J. Jolley, J. Payton, W. Hickman, R. Forshaw, E. A. Jones, H. Houk, R. Shearer, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Buckton, Dr. and Mrs. Peacocke, Councillor Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Wright, andthe staff of the school. The excellent entertainment was submitted and re- flected the greatest credit upon the children and the staff. There were songs, recitations, and drills by th boys and girls, and Mr. West, the clerk to the snperine tendent, under the alias of Professor Blacklake gave a parody of a ventriloquial sketch. Another interesting item was a comical sketch representing a waxwork show in which the principal characters were Mr. West, Mr. Jones, the shoemaker, and Master Postlewaite, Miss Broadbent presented the prizes, giving suitable words of advice and encouragement to each recipient. In responding to a vote of thanks the Chairman made a sympathetic allusion to the death of Mr. John Houghton, a former member of the Board. He read a letter of apology for non-attendance from Mr. J. Billinge, who wrote :—One regrets that your Homes cannot possibly accommodate any more of these unfortu- nate children. Seeing we have now at the Home at Warrington some 20 children awaiting admission to your Homes and as a consequence being deprived of the many advantages of the very excellent home life and tuition so essential to the young, one can only hope that your committee will at an early date make some provision to meet the requirements in some way best known to them. Mr. Mather remarked at the present time there were 223 children in that in- stitution, and they should according to law only have 200, so that they had 23 more than they ought to have. They would have to face the difficulty as Mr. Billinge said in one way or another. The number of children had been increasing steadily he believed, ever since the schools were built. Although the rates were very high. he did not think any ratepayer who had be'?n through the schools would deny that good work hid been done at a very moderate cost.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH

OF WARRINGTON.

WEEK ENDING DECEMBER 31th, 1901. During the week, the following births and deaths were registered:—Warrington Registration District births, 29, deaths, 28. The excess of births over deaths was 1. The birth-rato was equal 22.0. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 21.3 per 1,000 against 19.5 the average of the previous 4 weeks and against 19•6 the corresponding period of last year. The death rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to nil per 1,000, against I'6 the average rate of the previous 4 weeks and against nil the corresponding period of 1903. The ages of mortality were:- 0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65—up. Total 7 3 1 1 13 3 28 The deaths included-1 from phthisis, 11 from lung diseases, 3 from accidents, 1 from suicide, 12 from all other causes. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during .the wees :—Scarlet fever, 8 cas'es ; diphtheria, 1 case; enteric fever, 2 cases; erysipelas, 3 cases. Total number of patients in hospital, week ending 31th December, 75. METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 39 Fah. and therefore 8 degrees higher than the preceding. week The maximum temperature 52 F., was recorded on the 29th inst., and the minimum temperature 30 V., on the 25th inst. The rainfall measured 007 inch. The general direc- tion was S.W. J. GUEST GORNAT.T., Medical Officer of Health.

Tne followin" appears in the "Pall Mall Gazette" : The annual brdanco sheet of the Bishop of Liverpool contains no reference to horses and stables. Hitherto ' Dr. Chavasse has been content to do his perambulations on "shanks' nag," or in tramcars or suburban trains. Some of his friends think that this is not as it should he, and have decided to present him with a motor car, so that though the bishop will save a good deal in fares, his next year's accounts will revesl two unusual items, a chauffeur's wage and a bill for petrol.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
ceremonies,

The Examiner, Saturday, January. 7, 1905

suspicions. To come directly to the matter under con- sideration they must see first who ordered the reports. There seemed no doubt the reports were ordered by the Commissioners directly or through their agent. Now who had power to order it? The powers of the Com- missioners contained nothing to entitle them or any- body else to pledge the credit of Warrington for printing. They merely had to report to the Council and the Non-Trading Association, and in ordering the print- ing they had exceeded their powers. But why, also, did they go in for such an expensive sort of printing, with its foolscap size? He thought it was altogether un- necessary to go to such a tremendous expense. Why was the printing given to the " Examiner "and then sent out of town after; and why was it not tendered for? The Non-Traders had been such sticklers on this tender- ing question, and if they had found such a dainty morsel as this on their side they would have rolled it under their tongues and chuckled over it for days. (Laughter.) He contended that this printing was part of the printing which the '6 Warrington Guardian " should have done under their contract, but if not why was it notttendered for? They had standing orders which said that orders for more than RD should be tendered for, while here the orders were broken by the Non- Traders themselves—as great a blunder as anybody could commit in a small way. Now what did they use this printing for? It came to his knowledge some time ago that some of those connected with the agitation took the part they did, not because of Warrington itself, but on the broader and wider aspect of municipal trading, It was not a question of purifying Warrington, but they considered Warrington as an exceedingly good example to take, in order to keep alive the agitation in the country. Councillor PEMgERTON : Nonsense.

Councillor TINNION : That is the argument generally used by Councillor Pemberton whee anyone says some- thing that he has no answer for. It is not nonsense. Continuing, he said, they had heard what was said to be the height of impudence. It was about a man stealing a garment from outside a pawnshop and then going inside to pledge it. That incident would, in future have to take aback seat, for he considered the height of Ira- pudenoe and impertinence had been reached by the Com- missioners who ordered this elaborate printing and posted copies to all the newspapers in England to vilify the name of Warrington. Then they actually came and asked the Council to pay for it. (' Shame,") Messrs. Walker, of course had a perfect right to be paid, as they only did whAany business firm would do in accept- ing the order, but whether it was reasonable to expect the Corporation to pay was another matter. He did not think they had any evidence that the Corporation directly or indirectly, through its officials, gave this order. He thought the circumstances might be farther inquired into, but they ought not to pay until they had more ample proof; that the Commissioners had power to give the order and were shown that this printing was a wise and judicious piece of expenditure. He would refer them to the last paragraph in Mr. Wilson's state- ment. Tll9 wonder was they were not asked to pay for the stamps used to send the reports away up and down the country. He supported the minutes. The To wN CLERK observed that he had looked through tne conditions of the inquiry and found nonelgiving, the Commissioners power to give the order for the printing of the report. Councillor MAGINN said that as an independent mem- ber of the Council he had taken a strong interest in the trading question generally as it affected the town. He was the first independent man that attacked the Non. Trading party and showed what he believed the party to be—as it had since been proved they were. A cheekier piece of work than this he had never known throughout the whole affair. (Hear, hear.) The Non-Tradere were, as had been said, sticklers for advertising for tenders, and the question had been thrashed out at meeting after meeting. The Non-Traders had tried to show the rate- payers—or throw dust in their eyes—that the Council were giving orders for goods to their friends without any question of price being considered and without giving an opportunity for competition. Now they themselves gave a contract in the way they complained of others doing, and he gave them credit for having sufficient intelligence to know that they had no right to ,give away Cor- poration work and charge the Corporation with it. The agitation had been carried on with the brains and abilities of Manchester men up to now, and it was only a fitting conclusion that they should give the work of printing to Manchester. (Laughter). It was no good opening old sores, but this was a very serious matter. They got a report printed and sent copies to their friends and to newspapers—some of them scurrilous rags who printed it for the purpose of selling their papers, but to the disadvantage and discredit of the borough. (Hear, hear). Then compare the two different charges for printing the same report, and yet the Non-Traders sot themselves up as being so very anxious to save ratepayers' money, (Laughter). Their anxiety for the credit and respectability of Warrington appeared to be nil. He proposed that the Council pay one-third of the sum charged and no more. The MAYOR : You can't propose that. You can only send the resolution back to the committee. Councillor MAGINN : Then send it back. The MAYOR : If you don't want £22 to be paid for 150 copies you have to confirm the minutes. Councillor WtrAussoN : You must look at it this way—that you have no idea of paying for a thing people had no right to order. The MAYOR : No, Hardly that. You have received part of thegoods. Councillor WILKINSON : They Isent them. but they were not fit and proper things for na to have. ( Laughter). I meant with reference to the foolscap size. (Laughter). Councillor TENNION :IWe did not want the fools' caps (More Laughter). Councillor WrckrxsoN said that the develonments of the matter were reported to himself and C autv3i ilor Evans by the Deputy Town Clerk. Notes wero male at the time, and no man breathing conld contradict any- thing that was in Mr. Wilson's report. It was as true as the Gospel. Councillor ASHCROFT blamed the Deputy Town Clerk for having had anything to 4do with the matter at all, According to his own statement, he agreed to take 150 copies. Councillor WILKINsON: The report ought to have been issued to the !Mayor, and he would have seen about the printing. Councillor Srorr : I move that the question be referred back. I distinctly understood that the Deputy Town Clerk agreed to pay for 150 copies of the report. Councillor WILKINSON: At a price. The Ma.vort : You don't want to pay £22 for 15) copies, do you? Councillor Srorr: If the minutes are carried does it mean that we are not going to pay anything at all ? np, Navott: No; only that we are not going to pay £22. Councillor STYLT : I understand that the report'vras such a lengthy document and so badly written that the Commissioners thought it hest to have it printed. The MAYOR: Do you mean that they were so illiterate that they could not write a good report out? (Laughter.) Councillor STOTT: No,l:Bit they thought it would be better to have it printed aril T understand the Com- missioners considered they had power to present the report to your in printed form. It seems to me the question is how far are we liable. I don't want any money wasted in legal expenses, because we may be sued or the money. I wish to know from the Town Clerk if we are liable. - The TOWN CLERK.: Undoubtedly we are liable for a proportion. Councillor STOTT: Who is going to fix the propor- tion? The M.tvou: What we are considering is Whether we are to pay £22 for 150 copies. Councillor PEMBERTON : What a tempest in a teapot! I am very pleased at the unanimous opinion ef the previous speakers that they wished everything to be fair and above board and that tenders should be obtained for everything above £21.1. I hope they will continue to have that sentiment. C mtinuing. he thought a fey months ago some of the members who had spoken so heatedly voted for work going out of town to people who'neitherlhad businesses in Warrington, paid rates to the town, resided in Warrington, nor paid wages in War- rington. and that without any tender being asked for. He admitted it was a matter of urgency, but COMICiIIOr WILKINSON : What have, car covers to do with this? It is out of order. It is sickening to listeri to it.

After some heated argument. Councillor PE Ni n2rcro,; complained that he was not afforded su:Reient facilities to address the Council,owins to the interruptions which were permitted. The Nonarading Commissioners, he continued, took the full responsibility of giving the order to Messrs. Walker. The Mayor had urged them to get the report out, and he (Councillor Pemberton), Mr. Williams, and Councillor liorrocks worked through- out the three nights nrevions to the issuing of the report. They were determined to get out a fair report without fear or favour. It was no whitewashing report. They got it out to the best of their abilities, so that the ratepayers should know from them what evidence had been placed before them The people of Warringto ere entitled to it they had to pay the piper. The Commissioners were doing their hest to get the report out quickly and the manuscript cv7i,zhs. sent to tdodehree4acreintteors thmem.;odwiantel6leritk Clerk's prepared. ' pinion, the Non-Trading Commissioners had the power to have the report printed. Several members had said that the Non- Traders had vilified Warrington. No, it was the men

who had sat on the Council to push their own interests by trading with the Corporation who had vilified it. Mr. Greening and his colleagues issued their report, and it was printed in the newspapers all over England. There was not a single word about that because it was a very nice report. He contended that they could place the order for printing where they liked. They were urged by the Mayor to issue the report with all possible speed. The MAYOR pointed out that the Commissioners promised to get the report out on a certain day,and they did not do it.

Councillor PEMBERTON said the printers who did the work had to work all night. It was all very well to compare them with the Guardian," and to tell them that the" Guardian "did the job in four hours. The " Guardian" had handed to them a nice clean' revised copy of the report. All the printers' errors had been corrected, and everything was ready to be set, whereas the other printers had to make alterations which took time.

The MA.You (explaining): He means to say that the "Guardian" had a clean copy, but owing to the Com- missioners' bad writing the other printers had to work all night._ (Laughter.)

, Councillor PEMBEBTON : lam talking about revising the proofs, which took something like two hours and three-quarters.—Continuing, he said that if the Corpor- ation had given the same printers the order for the printing of the 500 copies they could have had the extra copies struck off for £5 instead of ,CO. There- fore the Corporation wasted money in giving the order elsewhere.

Councillor WILKINSON: Through your action. There had been several interruptions, and Councillor SKELLAND rose to a point of order, observing: " You ought to give him fair play." The Maxoß : Allow me to conduct the business. He is having fair play. The interruptions come because Councillor Pemberton is 'listening for them and tackles the interrupters insteAd of continuing his speech. Conncillor PENIDERTON : The whole attack seems to be on Mr. Dodds. Councillor WILKINSON : We have never mentioned Mr. Dodds's name. The MAYOR : Never mind. Councillor Wicx-rxsos : We don't acknowledge him at all.

COU.IICiIIOT PEMBERTON said Mr. Wilson's report said that Mr. Dodds eve the order. He did nothing of the kind. The Commissioners gave the order, but Mr.Dodds was used by the Town Clerk as a convenient medium to get into touch with the Commissioners. To show that Mr. Dodds would not be a party to anything of this kind he (Councillor Pemberton) had the bills before him showing that Mr. Dodds and he paid £l6 to the "Guardian" for printing in connection with the elec- tion in October and November. The insinuation that Mr. Dodds had done what had been done because of interests was quite uncalled for • and further, when Mr. Dodds sat as representative of the Council on the County Joint Rate Committee he only took his actual out-of-pocket expenses, sending something like £23 to the Warrington Infirmary. The MAYOR : They made him a governor of the institution. He got value for his money. Councillor PEMBERTON : I am only showing that Mr. Dodds does not stoop to make money in this way. Councillor.Ma.orsx : We never said he would m tke money. That is a most unfair insinuation. The Mavou: You are on the wrong ground altogether We are not questioning Mr. Dodd's straightforwardness. We are under the impression he has done everything straightforwardly and, as he thought, for the best. Councillor PEMBERTON: The whole trend of the speeches says so. The navoß : You look at things in the wrong light. Councillor PEAruErcro's : No, I don't. The MAYOR : Yes, you do. Councillor PEMBERTON: lam treated very unfairly by constant interruptions by yourself and others. The MAYOR said he was not a party to anything that was not straightforward. He did not always hear what was said, but sometimes he heard too much. Councillor PEMBERTON : You have a very convenient ear, Mr. Mayor. (Cries of" Chair.") Continuing Coun- cillor Pemberton said according to Mr. Stanley Wilson's own report he had agreed to the printinn•' of the report. Tbere was no price fixed because, as the manuscript was handed to the printers just as it was completed, it was impossible to give an estimate. The whole attack was unwarrantable and unjust. If he had his own way he would never have allowed the Corporation to pay for it. He told Mr. Dodds so, because he knew certain members interested in the contracts they had exposed took every opportunity they possibly could of attacking them. _

The MAYOR : ; you are wrong. Councillor PF.MBERTON: lam only telling you what my opinion is; you can have ynurs. Look at this trumpery affair! Was a single word said when the Electricity Committee paid £5.000 for coal during two years, and not a single tender for it? The Maxon: That is not before us. You do reap up ancient history. It is your duty to see it does not occur again. After so.ne farther discussion, the MAYOR said he. thought Councillor PEMBERTON should have said nothing as he was an interested party and might have some liability. He signed the report and would have done better to have left the matter to the Council. Councillor PEMBERTON contended that it was unfair that they should have only had Mr. Wilson's statement put in their hands that night. The bill should be paid.,, After the attacks that had been made by small-minded people that night, did the ratepayers wonder that a lot of respectable people would not go on the Council? The MAYOR: In fact, if you keep on there will be no respectable people in it. (Hear, hear.) Councillor WILKINSON: lam thinking about leav- ing. (Laughter.) In answe • to Councillor Stott, The MA.vou said this was an ordinary business trans- action. Messrs. Walker had sent in an account and it had been refused to be paid. They could go to the County Court to enforce payment if they wished. That was the position of affairs, and all this twaddle they had been listening to was not worth spending five minutes moon. (Hear, hear and laughter.) The minutes were then approved.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NON-TRADERS' REPORT.

COUNCIL AND THE DISPUTED PRINTING ACCOUNT. --- Refusal to Pay.

There was a long and rather heated discussion at the meeting of the Town Council on Tuesday evening, res- peating a resolution of the General Purposes Committee that an account sub;nitted by Messrs. John Walker and Company, of £22 for the printing of 150 copies of the Non-Trading Commissioners' report, be not paid. The DlA.voit having formally moved the adoption of the minutes the Town Clerk, at tie request of the Conncil,read the following report which had been pre- pared by the Deputy Town clerk : Town Hall, Warrington, December, 1904. The follow- ing are the p trticulars in connection with the printing of the Non-Trader's Report.—On Thursday morning,the 20th October last, a clerk came into my office and said that Mr. Dodds wished to speak to me at the telephone. I went to the instrument and Mr. Dodds said : " Our report is ready ; we have been working on it nearlyall la-st night and it will have to be printed." He also said that he had had a great deal to do with the report. He has never made any secret of this fact. I said that if he would let me have the report I would take it to the "Guardian " Office and let him have a proof as soon as (possible. He then said: " I have given it to the Examiner' Office, as Walker,as you probably know,of ten comes up to my house." I replied that it was rather awkward, as the" Guardian" Mee had our printing contract and the work ought to have gone there. Mr. Dodds then asked if I would see Dir. Walker' and arrange with him, as ha thought the Corporation should pay for the printing, otherwise the cost would fall on him, and that he had already ptid a considerable sum in connection with the movement. I agreee that it would have to be printed and that I would see Dir. Walker. I immediately went to the " Examiner " Office. Mr. Walker was not in. I saw the foreman, who told me they were printing the report. I arranged to call again about noon, which I did. I wts then told that Hr. Walker had taken the report to Manchester to be printed, and that it could not be done in \Warrington in the time. Dir. Walker left word for ma to call at three o'clock. I subsequently ascertained by telephone that Mr. Walker had returned, and I immediately went to see him, and asked him to glee me a price for the printing. He stated that he could not do so, as it was being printed by a Manchester firm, and that it had to be got out at once. consequently it would mean a lot of night work. Ele also stated that it was being set up foolscap size,and that he would have twelve nulls of the proof in the morning. I explained that -foolscap size would not do for the Corporation, as it should be uniform in size with the Council Summons. I also told him that I could not consent to give him a blank cheque to charge what he liked for the printing, and that unless it was done Council Summons size I should not have anything to do with it, and that he could take it the Corporation would not pay for the printing, as the whole ciritunstances in connection with it were most irregicPar and improper. (Hear hear.) The matter was left at this until 10 o'clock the following morning (Friday), when I arranged to see him again. I then communicated the above facts to the three Council Commissioners. I went to the "Examiner" Office the next morning about 10.30 and was told that Mr. Walker was engaged in his private office going through the proofs with Messrs. Williams, Pemberton, and Dodds. I called again at 12 o'clock and was told that they were still engaged. I called again a few minutes after one o'clock and was told that the Com- missioners had just left, and that the;revised proofs had been sent to Manchester to be printed off. I did not see Mr. Walker until after two o'clock when he told me that the Commissioners wanted 200 copies, as they were sending a copy of the report all over the country, and that he would have to wire at once if any additional copies were required by the Corporation. I pressed him to name a price, but he would not do so. f.:20 was mentioued as the cost of a similar job. I then distinctly stated that the Corporation would not pay any such stain, and that if he liked I would agree to the printing of 150 copies-100 to be sent to the Mayor and 50 to the Non-Traders' Commissioners at a fair price to be afterwards agreed on. I further explained about the " Guardian" office having our contract Dir. Walker agreed to my terms, and gave me a revised proof of the report, which I had at once set up in type at the "Guardian" Office, and received a proof in less than four hours. (Hear, hear.) I had previously the same day obtained from Mr. Coancillor Wilkinson an incomplete copy of the Council Commissioners' report. and had that set up in type. I also telephoned to Mr. Dodds and asked him if he would send a copy of the Council Commissioners report with the Non-Traders' report which I understood he was sending out to various newspapers that night. He stated that he could not consent without consulting the Commissioners. The reports were received at the "Examiner" Ornce at nine o'clock, and 100 sALto the Corporation. I have since ascertained that OEM 23 10s. charged to the Corporation represents the cost of printing the whole 300 copies of the report, of which the Corporation only received 100. 'lam sill of the opinion that the workicould have been done in Warrington in less time and considerably cheaper.—Yours truly, STANLEY WiLsofc. The MAYOR said that what he understood would have been done was that when the report was written a copy should have been sent to him as Mayor of the Borough and representative of the Council. He should have given instructions for copies to be printed and oneseut to each member of the Council. Any other way of doing the business was irregular. He could not, how- ever, say much about the matter. He had not been called upon to adjudicate, for the matter was now left entirely in the bands of the Council. Councillor STOTT asked the Town Clerk if the Com- missioners had the power to present the report in any form they liked? Had they the power to have it set up and then present it? The MAYOR said it was not treating him with proper courtesy not to send him the report, considering that the Council had paid for all the expenses of the Corn• missioners, all the shorthand notes and everything else. When he as Mayor had read the report and communi- cated it to the Council, the Non-Traders could have sent it all over the country. The Council Commissioners sent their report to him first. Councillor STOTT : Had the three Non-Trading Com- missioners power under the condition ot the inquiry to present the report printed. The MAYOR: There was no hard and fast line laid down. The matter was left to the general honesty and straightforwardness of the whole of the Commissioners. Councillor WILKINSON: They N,tere asked to send in

a report. The Mavon: We asked them to send in a report. The T0W1.7 CLERK: The proper course would have been to send the manuscript report to the Mayor. as the other Commissioners did. Alderman HETCFIINSON: Is it a fact that copies of the report were sent all over the country before the Mayor received it. The TOWN CLERK: I have ascertained that two hundred copies were sent out the same night that the report was sent to the Mayor. Alderman BENNETT contended that if it was a fact that the report was sent out without the report of the other Commissioners to the papers it was little less than an outrage. He had always felt that their Non-Trading frieuds however good their motives might have ibeen, had very little regard for the honour of the town, and if they had wanted to give Warrington a bad nam6 and attach an odium to it that was likely to stick, they could not have adopted a better method than the send- , ing out of this one-sided version of the findings of the I Commissioners. (Hear, hear.) The MaYon : I would not say anything about that. We will take it for granted that they were acting in a bona-fide and straightforward manner. Alderman BENNEtr, continuing, said that in one of the newspapers Warrington was called a demoralized municipality, and he could only come to the conclusion that the man who wrote the article had only seen one report. That might have occurred in many papers: and as one who was proud of Warrington, in spite of all its faults, he felt the matter f•ery iceenly and thought that what was done was extremely unfair. There was no paper in England that would have written an article like the one he had referred to if it had been familiar with all the facts. Obviously the judgment was formed on the Non-Trading report only, and Warring- ton was held up as a demoralized municipality. Of course, it was nothing of the sort, but the people all over Lancashire and England did not know that and a stigma was attached to the town which they were all anxious to remove. (Hear, hear.) He thought the most ordinary sense of courtesy. of real loyalty to the town, and real local patriotism, would have prevented the Commissioners acting in that one-sided manner. Councillor TINNION said one reason why he would like to say something about this matter was' in the iaterest of the Deputy Town Clerk. They had two versions of what transpired before them. One was con- tained in the" Examiner' and the other was given by Mr. Wilson. He took it that even the Non-Traders took no objection to anything Mr. Wilson hitherto lied done, as they had said he was the one white hen among the officials of the Corporation who never laid astray, although they had found fault with almost every other official. Mr, Wilson was always anxious to do what he possibly could, and was at the Commissioners' elbows every day and sometimes night as well—(laughter)--- and was an ollicial in whom the Non-Traders had confi- dence. The Council, he took, it wasiprepared to accept Wilson's version as absolutely true. (Hear' hear.) He (Councillor Tinnion) passed over Mr. Dodds, I because he was simply acting as the agent of the Commissioners,who were reTponsible.lie had had, they were told a great deal to do with the report, and never made any secret of the fact. He (Councillor Tinnion) had had something to do with the reports on this question. He remembered one report being issued— with all due respect to the others, the only sensible re- . port—which was termed a whitewashing report. Well, for pure unadulterated whitewashing commend him to • a portion of the Non-Traders' report ! (Laughter and hear, hear.) It excelled everything he ever came across. He had often wondered how it was that portion appeared, and the statement that night confirmed his

===== 0002601_19050107_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
, , „ —2.--..avigkrokmead,

===== 0002601_19050107_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

HEATHER

Loose and in Packets. Also in small tins.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
SHORTBREAD.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
EMMANUEL SCHOOL TEA MEETING.

New School Premises Secured.

The gratifying announcement that new school pre- mises had been secured was made at the annual tea party in connection with Emmanuel Reformed Church which was held in the Schoolroom over Arpley Station on Thursday evening. The affair was a distinct success, the brightly decorated room being filled with a gathering of about 120 people. The following ladies presided at the tables : Mrs. Vaughan, Mrs. Norman, , Miss Lees, Mrs. R. Lees, Mrs. Armstrong, Miss Allen, Mrs. William Dickens, Ars. A. Dickens and Mrs, Elias Allen. Tea was follovvel by an entertainment, the Pastor (Rev. F. Vaughan) preaiding. A very interest- ing programme was submitted, the cho:r rendering a glee, the part song " Silent night " and the anthem "In Thee 0 Lord, do I put my trust." Songs were effectively given by Miss Armstrong, Mr. L. Aukland, and Mr. Clayton, and there were enjoyable quartettes by Messrs. Clayton, Lloyd, Dnsworth and Bate, and Mr. Grounds and party. Mr. Peterson gave a cornet solo in capital style. airs. A. Landon discharged the duties of accompanist. In the course of an address, the PASTOR said it was just about twelve months since he received the invita- tion of the vestry to accept the pastorate of that church. Neither Mrs. Vaughan nor himself had had one single cause to regret the step they took in coming to labour for God in that part of His kingdom. When he looked into the past history of the church and saw what spirit-filled men had been privileged to labour there, and what great work had been done, he felt some- what tremulous in taking up the pastorate. Whatever success might have attended their movement had been largely due to the loyal help he had received from the wardens (Mr. Thomas Allen and Mr. Wm. Dickens) and the congregation. Not only for their own circle, but from the ministerial body in the town had he received encouragement, and that augured well for the future and gave them great comfort and cause for thankfulness. A fellow-minister had told him that it was absolutely impossible to stir up religious enthu- siasm in Warrington,but he was hoping and praying that they at Emmanuel Church would be able to prove by their work that that was not true. They would be pleased to hear that Mr. William Miner& had been licensed by the Bishop as lay-reader at the:church. The old Bible class had developed into a men's Union which was now a force to be reckoned with, for there was an enrolled membership of between seventy and eighty. The renovation of the exterior of the church was carried out under the direction and at the expense of the members of that organization. During the year they had sent out the first ordained missionary of their church to Tndia, in the person of Mr. Callon. That was the last occasion on which they would hold their tea meetings in that room which had served them for church purposes during the past seventeen years. The lease!had expired and the Railway Company required the premises. He was pleased to be able to inform the meeting that they were now in possession of a site and building absolutely their own, for negotiations had just been completed, whereby they acquired the old school of St. James's in Knutsford-road. (Applause.) Considerable funds would be required and he invited any member of the gathering to signify his or her willing- ness to be responsible for the collection of a certain amount. Guarantees to the extent of £73 were immediately forthcoming and the amount was further increased during the evening.

Warrington Steamer's Salvage. There has been a peculiar case of salvage by the Warrington steamer, Gertrude, belonging to Messrs. Joe. Monks and Co. Ltd., this week. Two vessels, the Kathleen and Stromboli, recently collided and sunk in the Clyde just off Greenock. On Monday, the small coasting steamer Flelen ran on to the wreck of the Kathleen and was held fast until help came from the Gertrude, which was inward bound under the command of Captain John S. Monks. The War- rington steamer towed the Helen off the wreck, and her owners have since lodged a claim in the Scotch Courts for salvage.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRAM FARES TO STOCKTON HEATH.

CORPORATION DECIDE TO CHARGE lid. "Cussedness " of Stockton Heath People.

A considerable portion of the time occupied by the Town Council at their monthly meeting on Tuesday, was devoted to the question of the fare to be charged for the completed tram route to Victoria-square, and after considerable discussion it was decided that the fare shall be one half-penny from Stafford-road to Victoria-square. The recommendation that this should be the fare was contained in the minutes of the Electricity and Tramways Committee. Alderman SNI ETHURST, in proposing the adoption of the minutes said he had no difficulty in putting the recommendation to the Council as at the meeting of the committee it was approved—only two voting against it.

Councilor WILKINSON seconded. Councilloi P. PEACOCK moved that the resolution be referred back and also that a recommendation that children should be charged one penny for the whole of the distance, be similarly dealt with. The length of the L atchford route be pointed out was 2,730 yards or 240 yards longer than the Wilderspool route would be when it was completed. He therefore failed to see upon what grounds they could ask the people of Stockton Heath and Warrington residents travelling out to Stockton Heath to pay 132 d. for a distance so much less than the Latchford route. He hoped the committee would re- consider the matter as be did not think their present policy a good one. They looked to the Stockton Heath people for any profit which they hoped to make and therefore he did not think it wise that they should adopt a prohibitive charge. Councillor STOTT seconded the amendment and ex- pressed the hope that the majority of the Council would vote for it. It appeared to him that to charge lid. would be an injustice not only to Stockton Heath people but also to VArrington people making use of the service. Moreover it would be about the dearest tram ride under any municipality in the kingdom. He did not think users of the route would pay lid. and in all pro- bability if the extra charge was insisted upon they would have fewer passengers travelling the extra dis- tance than there were travelling on the Longford. route at the present time. Therefore from a financial stand- point and f rom the standpoint of the Corporation and the ratepayers in general bethought it would be advisable to reconsider the matter and make tbe charge one penny for the whole distance.

Councillor TisxroB thought the amendment was moved on very slight grounds as the only reason the proposer could give was that the route was so much shorter than another route in the town. Strictly speaking they were not dealing with a tramway extension. When they got the tramway order to Stafford-road they felt that it would be to the advantage of the people in Stocipton Heath and also to the owners of the cars if the Cor- poration could carry the service to Victoria Square. They therefore had to obtain a light railway order and it seemed to him to be nothing but stupidity for anyone to expect that they should spend the extra money in getting that order, and get nothing more in return. With regard to the state- ment that they would carry fewer passengers if the extra halfpenny were charged, he did not see how they I could be any the worse off than they were at present, as they would only continue to carry the passengers they carried to-day if they charged one penny for the whole of the distance. There were some sensible people in Warrington, if there were none outside, who would pay lid. to get to Victoria-square. Teey surely could not expect that the ratepayers of Warrington were going to spend £9,000 to carry the light railway from the swing bridge to Victoria-square without getting I some additional revenue. The work was in the interests of people in Stocktoa Heath, many of whom no doubt had very valuable interests in Warrington, and many of whom had no interest whatever in the town, and he as a representative of the ratepayers was not prepared to advised that they should consider only the interests of those people who were outside the borough. The addi- tional portion of the route had been most costly— working out at £32.000 per mile, whereas the general rate per mile in Warrington was about £B,OOO. He did not think the people of Stockton Heath deserved any consideration at their bands, as they had not shown any consideration to the Corpora- tion. The cost of the small extra length had been enormous simply because the people of Stockton Heath had had their pound 01,t flesh and therefore—he did not say it in any vindictin spirit—he did not think they shoed consider the people of Stockton Heath. To him it appeared to be only a reasonable business proposal that if the Corporation had to spend £9,000 they should get something in return for it. He took it that the persons who already spent a penny to ride from Stafford- road to the Swing Bridge would continue to do so and therefore the revenue of the Corporation would be increased if lid. were charged, to the extent of the extra number of persons who would travel from the Swing Bridge to Victoria Square. Moreover if a charge of one penny was decided upon the committee would not be able to alter the charge whereas if lid. were charged the fare could easily be reduced if the committee found the route did not pay. The proposal was carried unani- monsly in committee and he thought the committee were the best judges of what was in the interests of the tramways and of the ratepayers. Councillor MAGINN said that as a member of the Tramways Committee he was not present when the question was considered, but he thoroughly agreed with the decision of the commitee. He said now as he always had stated that it was a wild cat scheme from ' beginning to end to expect Warrington to carry their tramways out of the borough before their system covered the whole of the town, and yet they were carrying their system into Stockton Heath in spite of the cussedness of the people there, (Laughter.) Alderman SMETHURST : Blessedness you should say. (Laughter.) Councillor MAGINN continuing said some years ago it was tried to include Stockton Heath in the borough and if they went to-morrow and asked the people of Stockton Heath to come inte the borough and have the benefit of the high rates their answer would remain the same and would be written in letters which could be read a mile off. Yet the Stockton Heath people asked that they should be given a train route for nothing. He did not blame them for asking that as if he were in their place he would be just as greedy He could understand the people of Stockton Heath wanting to have the trams for nothing but what he could not understand was that members of the Town Council and ratepayers, or supposed ratepayers, should want to spend the ratepayers money on Stockton Heath. The cost of running the cars was 9d. per mile and they could only expect an extra revenue for the increased cost of running the cars to Victoria-square by charging an extra fare. (Hear, hear.) He was, astonished that. gentlemen whom he presumed had a good feeling towards the town, from some wild scheme of seeking a name should advocate the spending of money outside the borough. The alavort, said the members of the Corporation must look at this matter from a business point of view. Would the people of Stockton Heath lose anything by being charged an extra half-penny? He did not think they would. It should be borne in mind that the Corporation had spent £9,000 in widening the road and laying the tram lines and crossing every peculiar bridge He thought the committeehad acted very wisely indeed in first trying to see what the revenue would be before they decided to charge a penny only. At present their income from the Wilderspool route was 15d. per mile. The opening of the new line would mean extra cost and the question was were they prepared to incur that extra expenditure without seeking an extra revenue? (Hear, hear). Councillor LORD said he was one of the two in com- mittee who opposed the resolution for lid. fares. It was never put to the unanimous vote. Alderman SMETHURST : I said: " Now, gentlemen, let us have a unanimous vote. Those in favour, say "ave." The resolution was unanimously carried so far as.l know. Councillor LORD : I differ from yon. The MAYOR : That is not of any consequence. Councillor LORD: It would have made my position here very inconsistent, because T intended to oppose the resolution in the Council, and I shall do so. (Inter- ruption). Councillor Witicrssaa : He is talking of consistency Councillor LORD continuing pointed out that the tramways manager had advised the committee to adopt a penny fare and if anyone should have any knowledge of the question it was their tramways manager. He supported the amendment and he thought it was in the best interests of the running of the trams that one penny should be charged. Councillor BARTON said he was sorry the Corporation ever contemplated the crossing of the bridge. (Hear, hear.) He thought the people In Stockton Heath were doing very well seeing they did not contribute to the rates. He thought the money spent on the light rail- way should have been spent in extending the tramways to Sankey Green and Lovely-lane. (Hear, hear.) In reply to Councillor WILKINSON the Town Clerk explained that had not the Corporation obtained the light railway order to Victoria-square the power would have been obtained by the Northwich Light Rsilway promoters and in that event the Corporation would not have had the power to run a circular route should they contemplate taking such a step. Councillor WILKINSON thought it only right that the Corporation should expect extra revenue for the expen- diture of extra capital. If the extra fare was not a success there7would be no harm in re-considering the question. Alderman SMETHURST vplving to the discussion said he felt confident that the motion for a lid, fare would be carried by a great majority. He was surprised to find gentlemen opposing a committee which had been sitting for so many years considprlng this kind of thing and giving their best time and judgment. There were

gentlemen who were not on the committee,and who had taken no particular interest in the matter, jumping up and proposing amendments. There were two gentlemen who were the most extravagant members of the Council. (Cries of" Name.") Vell, Councillors Peacock and Stott who wanted nothing but bowling greens and baths put in every ward. (Laughter). One of those gentlemen actually opposed the decision of the Council come to only after very careful 'consideration, with re- gard to halfpenny fares on the Longford route. If they were to be guided by the advice of a few of the members of the Council they would have the rates up to 10s. in the .£ in a few years. (Councillor PEMBERTON: They will be.) If they allowed the people on the Wilderspool route to ride for a penny they would have the Latchford people wanting to ride for a halfpenny as ths route was shorter. (Councillor LORD: It is longer.) If the route did not pay where would the deficit come from? (A Votex : "The rates.") The money would come from the rates and they could not levy a rate upon the Stockton Heath people. He asked the Council to show their disapproval of the action of several erroneous members of the Council who jumped up against a committee of 14—(Councillor LORD: Only six voted)—and asked them to sacrifice a halfpenny fare. He asked the Council to give a unanimous Tote and let the people see they were uot to be "jumbled" with such nonsensical proposals. (Hear, hear). On a vote being taken six voted for and 21 against the amendment which was consequently lost. The voting was: For the amendment, Councillors P. Peacock, Lord, Pemberton, Stott. Wright, and Horrocks: against, Aldermen Smethurst, Bennett, Hutchinson and Evans, Councillors Tinnion, Forshaw, Wilkinson, Roberts, Ashcroft, Clegg, Barton, Skelland, Magian, Wilson, Sankey, Burton, Craik, Fulton Smith, Ellison and Hulse and the Mayor.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

I The monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Con cil was held on Tuesday, the Nlayor (Alderman Bolton) presiding. There were also present : Aldermen A. Bennett, John •Evans, It. W. Francomb, T. Hutchinson, J. Smethurst ; Councillors T.H. Ashcroft, T. Barton,W. Benson, W. Broach, T. Burton, W. Clegg, J. G. Craik,D. S. Duncan, L. Ellison, W. J. Forshaw A. Horrocks, T. J. Hulse, J. Lord, J. 3laginn, P.Peacock, J. Pemberton, J. Roberts, J. Sankey, J. Skelland, J. F. Smith, F. Stott,D. Tinnion,J. Wilkinson,W.J.'Wilson,T. Wright,Messrs J. L. Whittle (town clerk), S. Wilson (deputy town clerk), J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), J. Haas (water engineer), W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), F. V. L. Matthias (electrical engineer), J. G. Gornall (medical officer), J. M. Murray (director of education), J. Telfer (tramways manager).

LETTER FROM MR. PARR. The MAYOR announced that he had received a letter from Mr. J. Charlton Parr thanking him (the Mayor) for the Christmas card he had sent him. Mr. Parr wi shed him to empress to those members of theCorporationiwith whom be had had I the pleasure of being associated dur- ing his mayoralty his good wishes for the coming year. His interest in all that concerned the municipality con- tinued as well as his good wishes for the town. (Hear, hear.) Alderman SNIETHURST : Same to him. (Hear, hear.) MR. H. ROBERTS AND THE GRAMMAR SCHOOL. letter was read from Mr. Henry Roberts wishing the Mayor to convey to the Council his sincera thanks for the honour which had been done him in apnointing him one of the representative governors of the Grammar School. He would endeavour to perform the duties of the office to the best of his ability. The MAYOR : He might have added : "In the interests of the Council." (Laughter,)

EDUCATION BUSINESS. Alder-lan BRNNETT moved a resolution to the effect that such recommendations of the Education Committee that required the confirmation of the Council be con- firmed.

Councillor STOTT alluded to a resolution on page 205 of the printed minutes of the Education Committee which reads as follows :—" The committee recommend that resqlutions Nos. A 45 and 50 with reference to the proposed tenancy of the premises in Brick-street, be re- cinded ; and that arrangements be made for the com- mittee tenancy of the St. George's Mission School to be continued from the Ist January next until the 31st July, 1906." He asked for an explanation, The MAYOR in the course of his reply, said it was more the inspector's fault,. The inspector had to be satisfied before he would certify. Tnere was no play- ground. Councillor WRIGHT alluded to a minute of the Education Committee, namely, that which described a visit to certain institutions. The minute stated: "All the boys appeared to be well oared for, but the deputation could not help being impressed by the fact that the majority of the Warrington boys in the school were very small for their age." The MA:vort said that was not a matter the Council had to deal with He had also thought about it, but he did not want to raise a discussion about it in com- mittee. Councillor WRIGHT suggested that gymnasiums should be attached to the new schools as the children would have to be drilled.

Alderman BENNETT said the question did not really come within the control of the Council as they were emly supposed to deal with financial questions. Still he had a great deal of sympathy with what Councillor Wright said. He had no doubt every member was anxious to provide prop2r facilities to promote the physical well-being of the scholars with due regard to the public expenditure. But at the present time they must be as economical as they could. (Hear, hear.) Alderman BENNETT'S motion NVILS carried.

HEAVY LOCOMOTIVES. Councillor TiNsioN, in moving the adoption of the minutes of the Paving and Sewerage Committee, stated that Messrs. Crosfield and the Threshing Machine Company had promised to do what theycould to obviate the grievance with regard to the traction engines, and he thought the residents in the streets through which they passed would have no cause for further complaint. It had been decided to pave the continuation of Egypt- street with sleeper wood blocks. With regard to the wharf adjoining the storeyard, it was not of much use at present, but it was hoped that when the river was further i-nproved it would be largely used. Councillor ROBEgTS seconded the adoption of the minutes, which were agreed to. MR. GREENING'S GIFT. At a meeting of the Museum Committee a letter was read from Mr. Lintuwas Greening offering to present to the Museum his natural history collection, and it was resolved that cordial thanks be given to him for his generous donation. It was also resolved that Mr. Green- ing be appointed a member of the committee. -.Alderman BENNETT, moving the adoption of the minutes, referred in warm terms to Mr. Greening to whom, he said, their best thhnks were due for his hand- some present. For years past they had been indebted to Mr. Greening for much hard work in connection with the Museum, and the fact that the Museum would bear favourable comparison with those of other towns was , largely due to his efforts. The minutes were seconded by Councillor ELLtsoN and carried. THE POLICING OF THE MARKETS. Counctllor ROBERTS referred to the policing of the Markets, and said he understood the police would only be in attendance at night time, lie thought it had been I decided that the police should patrol the markets day I and night. The MAYOR said they found the markets people themselves kept watch in the day time, and the police were not required. They all agreed that the police should keep watch at night. Alderman SMETHURST : The police are always there Alderman HeTCHINSON observed that they paid the Watch Committee £75 a year for the police to patrol the markets, and the Chief Constable had promised to do all he could to protect the markets from sunset to sunrise.

THE WATER WORKS EXTENSION. SATISFACTORY PROGRESS. At a meeting of the Water Committee on the 19th December, the Engineer reported that the adit at Delph lane had been driven through between shafts Nos. 1 and 2, and that only a short length between shafts Nos. 3 and 4 remained to be completed, and it was resolved that according to the terms of the contractor the new engine at Delph-lane be tested in accordance with the specification. Alderman EVANS,movin,,,,, the adoption of the minutes which were carried, remarked that the whole scheme was now practically finished except the removing of the debris.

PHYSICAL TRAINING IN SCHOOLS. , Councillor TINMON stated that a sub-committee had been appointed to meet a special sub-committee of the School Manhgement Committee of the Education Com- mitteeto go into the question of physical training in the elementary schools of Warrington. It seemed very likely that the Board of Education would depart from their usual custom of advocating instruction being given to children by apparatus. The Swedish drill, which had been agreed upon by a committee composed of military men, schooltnasters, and others, did sway to ' a considerable extert with apparatus. The committees who were going into the matter would be in a position to place before the Council what they thought the best and most satisfactory way of giving physical training to the children. A gymnasium was a vcry costly addi- tion to any school, and while he would be glad to see , one attached to every school, he thought on the score , of expense they could give efficient training without - them if it was properly controlled from the central Gymnasium. OTHER BUSINESS' The minutes of several committees, which we pub- lished last week, were confirmed without comment. The more important debates which were raised will be found reported elsewhere in this paper.

I

_o .tees position ..ght the best .ysical training vcry costly midi- would be glad to see ~ he thought on the score ive efficient training without Jperly controlled from the central OTHER ROSINESS' .mutes of several committees, which we pub- last week, were confirmed without comment. .che more important debates which were raised will be - found reported elsewhere in this paper. 4re

C,opy7-79,nr. 7 ' I WORTH HER WEIGHT declaring that I must De prejuaicea against Air. Styles. Everyone thought him delightful, but I Tom and myself. IN GOLD. I One hot July day, Ada took it into her head to I make a minute examination of the state of her _edrobe. She was an extravagant little puss, but BY RALLI WEST, I sometimes was seized with fits of economy, on which occasions her maid Fanny had a weary Author of "Azalea and a Sprig of Myrtle," "Sybil eeee of it. On this particular day she captured Durant," "Sea Stories," "Young Mrs. Ime directly after lunch. L'Estrange," "Mad Dormer's Latest," "A "Cora, I want you to settle the style of those , dresses. Fanny is so stupid, unless you are there Mingled Yarn," &c. i to explain." _ I I inwardly groaned. It was intensely hot, and I. ' the prospect of being shut up for an indefinite period "You are a brace girl, Cora. Not many would in Ada's bedroom was not cheeriqg. have buelled to and faced the world as you are : "There is only this black lace now," she said, doing," and my old friend, Mr. Black, patted me after she had kept Fanny, Masham (Mn. Milnes'a encouragingly on the shoulder as he helped me . own maid) and myself in close consultation for into the train. ! what had seemed hours. "You said I might copy "If that fellow Styles had not humbugged your your grenadine, but wait a moment though, dear, father over those shares, there would have been no please, ' as I opened the door to go for the model. need for you to turn out like this. He was as .f' I don't know but what I like this style in the cunning as he was handsome, and gulled--" ; Queen, better, if Masham thinks there will be But the rest of the sentence was cut short by the enough lace for it." As I stood at the open door, banging of the carriage door. I while the weighty matter was being decided, the Five months ago, I, Cora Field, could not have clock on the landing struck five, and to my surpeise believed in the necessity of having to earn my own I saw Theo Styles come hurriedly out of MI% living. An only child. I was then sole mistress of . Milnes's boudoir, immediately opposite. He did not my father's luxurious home. Rumours of "things ' notice me, but went down the corridor leading not being right," never reached m_y ears until the the bachelors' rooms. dreadful day that my father died 'suddenly, struck; "%e hatever was ne doing there e" I saia to my- down by the news that the company had failed in self. "He has. indeed, curried favour with Mrs. which—persuaded by Theo Styles—he had largely I Milnes, if she admits him to her sanctum." invested. On affairs being looked into, it was "Miss Ada, you've kept me three mortal hours, found we were heavily in debt, and I was left and I ,can't waste more time this afternoon," badly off. With Mr Black's help (he was my Meehan: exclaimed, with the familiarity of an old father's sole executor) I found the engagement to servant. "Why, surely, that's my mistress's bell. which I was now going—that of companion to Ada What a peal !" an she hurried off. Presently Milnes, a spoilt, wilful, little beauty of nineteen, she came back with a scared, white face. .who, being an only daughter wanted someone to "Well, Miss Ada, if ever I was grateful, it is to go about with her, play duets, and otherwise make you for this afternoon's work. You can bear herself useful. I hail been down before to be witkess, and you too, miss "—turning to me—"that inspected, and found the family, besides Ada, con- Fanny and myself have never stirred from this Fisted of a hasty-tempered father, indolent mother. room since two o'clock." and three sons I did not see, but who Ada described "Why, whatever is the matter, :Sash= ?" we to me as: both exclaimed. "Tom, a dear, steady-going old fellow; Archie, "Mistress's rubies have been stolen. She had no end of a swell, and awfully extravagant; Bertie, them shelving to Mr. Styles at three. There was only a schoolboy, all arms and lags." something wrong with the setting, and she wanted Half-an-hour after parting from Mr. Black at his opinion. She meant to wear -them to-night, so Victoria, I reached Fernside, my future home. put them in the wardrobe instead ofeback in the Mrs. Milnes had left a message of apology for her safe. Then she and Mr. Styles went out together, unavoidable absence, with a request that I would be and when she looked for them just now, they were in the drawing-ream by half-past seven. I went gone." down punctnally, but found the room empty, and Instantly there flashed across my mind the recol- wee 'eying to forget ray nervousness in the pages lectioia of seeing Theo coming from the boudoir, : of the Graphic, when a young man came in, which opened out of Mrs. Miles's bedroom. But, hesitated for an instant at the sight of me, then, no—much as I disliked and distrusted him, I could with a courteous, "I believe I have the pleasure of not believe he would descend to theft. The missing speaking to Miss Field," introduced himself as rubies formed the one topic at dinner that evening. Ada's eldest brother Tom. He seemed about nine "Well, Cora," Ada said, speaking to me across and twenty, not a handsome man, but instinctively the table, "you and I are safe from suspicion, for I trusted the open, intelligent face, and kindly grey we never stirred from my rcom ' for three morta. eyes which inspired one with the conviction that hours,' as Masham expressed it, nor saw a soul." he was true to the core. Soon after, Mrs. Milnes "Yes, I saw Mr. Styles pass when I opened your came in, then Ada and several others, eagerly die- door for a moment," I replied, quietly. I fancied cussing -a prospective fancy dress ball in the neigh- he changed colour; but the next moment he said, bourhood. Ada ereeted me warmly, introducing loud enough to be heard by everyone: me to her young•er brothers, Archie and Bertie, "And saw me coming out of Mrs. Milnes'F and to the ladies of the party. Evidently she boudoir, I expect, Miss Field ? If you recollect,' intended me to be regarded as her friend, not he added, turning to his hostess, "you asked me to merely a companion, fetch you a shawl when we returned from our "Mr. Styles, Miss Field. Oh 1 tiresome being !" stroll. I could not find it where you told me, and, as she turned to find the gentleman in question bad catching sight of one as I passed the door of the joined her brother at the other end of the room. boudoir, I ventured to go in and take it, instead of "Why did he go off just when I wanted him? " waiting to ring for your maid." I started at the name. Could it be the same I had not seen any shawl when I saw him; but man whose advice had cost. my father so dear? He it might perhaps have escaped my notice. came towards us at Ada's impatient summons. "I don't think you need fear being accused any Yes, it was the same. But if I was vexed to meet more than Cora or myself," said Ada, laughing. him again, the feeling—judging from the expression It was very uncomfortable for all of us after of his face—was reciprocated. Fortunately dinner that. A detective came down ; and we were subjected was just then announced, so our mutual discomfort to a rigid cross-questioning, which resulted in the passed unobserved. When the ladies went back to dismissal of an under-housemaid, who had not the drawing-room Mrs. Milnes asked me to sing. given satisfaction for some time past, though I was beginning Gounod's, "Oh ! that we two nothing could be proved aninst her. The day were maying," when the gentlemen joined us. before she left I was moving my thing's into a room ---- Tom Milnes. coming at, once to my side, stood adjoining Ada's (she had nervous since the .. . MoNnay.—Before the Mayor (presiding), Aldermen listening attentively. robbery, and wanted me near her), when, in lifting Francomb, and Smethurst, Councillor Tinnion, "Thank you, Miss Field," Mrs. Milnes said, some boxes from the cupboard, I saw, stowed away Messrs. J. W. Hayward. H. Thornton, C. S. Burgess, when I finished. "That is a frightfully melancholy in a corner, a case which I recognised immediately W. Roberts, S. Wright, and Edwin Woods. song. Will you sing us something more lively as that in which the missing rubies had been kept. ASSAULT ON A TRAM CD7sprcToß.—william Roberts, lease?p Anything," she added, in an undertone, as Ada, who was with me, uttered an exclamation of joiner. 56, Chorley-street, was summoned for assaulting 1 began turning over the music, "so long as it is a surprise. a tram conductor named Holloway on December 24. taking tune. No lone here cares much for music, "Good gracious! Mamma's case! However did Mr. Stanley Wilson, deputy Town Clerk, pros( 3uted, but it helps to pass off the evening .m" it get there?" and said the defendant, with his wife, boarded a 'car at Sankey Bridges. The inside of the cser was well filled, I felt -my co-lour rise. At hoe, everyone had _ "Like Masham, lam thankful You kept us all but room was made for the defendant's wife. be con- ' Ad Whoever thought so much of my voice. It was hard to be that afternoon in your room, a. put ductor asked Roberts, who was slightly under the looked upon as a mere machine for grinding forth the case here evidently did not know that, and influence of drink, to go on the top, end he did so. tunes, hoped, when it was found, suspicion would fall on When about to rat off the car at the Post Office he "Please look upon me as an exception, Miss me." ~struck the conductor two violent blows.—Defendant. Field," said Tom, as his' mother moved away. "Cowards! I will fetch mamma, and let her see who denied the assault, and made his first appearence, ''our singing is a treat." He lingered while I where you did find it." , was fine ss, and costs, sang song after song, until his mother called him The same evening Mrs. Milnes asked me to go to 'TUESDAY.—Before Dr. Fox (in the chair), Aldermen to the other end of the room. Then, tired of a hot-house at the further end of the garden and Hutchinson, and Messrs. W. Richardson and C. Jack- singing, I began to play without notes, wandering fetch her a particular flower she wanted to sketch. son Holmes. on from one thing to another. Suddenly I heard As I was looking about for it, I heard someone SMASHED TWO PANES OF GLASS---John Emmet my own name, and looking up, saw Archie and sobbing, and a man angrily expostulating. Walker, a stranger, was charged with being chunk and ern Styles talking earnestly together a little die- "You fool, not to have made sure where she was disorderly the previoes day, and also with smee,hing Lance off, my oov panes of glass value 5s the property of Messrs. sense of hearing was singularly before you put it there! I left all that to you. tw auick. and Mr. Styles had a peculiarly sharp, You don't deserve—" B . dell Bros.—P.C. Clough said that short'.y after one o'clock on Monday afterooor he saw the prisoner, who y move away, an ,n misive way of speaking, so that, strive as I did Then the d - d I heard o more; was drunk, acting in a disorderly manner. I sisoner jot to listen, I could not help hearing every word but I felt convinced that the estinctly. man's voice was Theo's went down Trinity entry and shortly afterwards witnese —he was staying at Fernside. I looked carefully , heard a smashing of glass and on prceeeling down the ether, on the eve of smashing up •so I had around, but no one could be seen. They must have . entry found Walker with a stone in his hand with which Ico make myself scarce. Couldn't afford to marry gone out by a door there was close by, leading into be had broken two panes of glass on the premises of ' • penniless girl, you know." the lane. I felt thoroughly uncomfortable. That Messrs. Boydell Bros.—Messrs. Bovdell not wishing to I left off abruptly and rose from-the piano, but Theo disliked my being at the Milnes', I was well press the case of wilful damage Walker "RdS fined 58. had to resume my seat in obedience to Mrs. aware ; but surely he would not push his disliks so ASSAULT ON A LODGING-HOUSE KEEPER.—William Milnes. far as to cause suspicion—nay, almost proof of the Mullighan, Cropper's-brow, was charged with being drunk and disorderly and also with F 'eaulting Caroline e "Please go on, Miss Field, unless you are tired." robbery—to fall on me. and Thomas Gibson on Monday.—P.C.Millington stated Can't get a thing out of the governor," was the "Miss Field, you .17 looking so worried. Is he was called to the prisoner at the Ceopper's-brow It d e few next thing I heard, in Archie's slow drawl. anything the matter? Toni as e m a 7 days lodging-house. He was drunk and was acting in a dis- "Awfully sorry, old chap, but I don't see what I'm later. 'SI beg your pardon," he added, hastily, as orderly mar-Jen—Caroline Gibson stated that the to do.' I hesitated before replying. "It was presumption prisoner went to the lodging-house and commenced "Well, you must manage this affair with your of ins to ask." creating a disturbance. She told him to ha quiet or 'sister for me," replied Mr. Styles. "But paying But I felt only too thankful to confide my per- leave the premises whea he struck her in the, fa ee. She one's court to heiresses is deuced expensive work. • plexities to someone interested enough in me to called her husband and when he came prisoner also No one else entered the lists while I have been care to listen. Tom looked thoughtful when I struck him in the face and'ampr ed"Sim.—Prisoner,who away? e denied, the assaults was sent to gaol for 21 days as ith etold him: hard labour. g a ter her, but think Half-a-dozen dangling f h b I "As you say, it is impossible to imagine Styles you are prime favourite, Theo." HlDAY*—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman guilty either of the theft, or the meanness of trying F " Mind you h that give me fair play then. That little to cast the suspicion on you. One good thing is Smethurst, Councillor Roberts. Messrs. Hepherd Thornton, Pilling, Burgess, end Jolley. Feld girl-- my father has at last noticed his marked atten- "LETTING THE NEW YEA E IN."—William Harrington, Ii I brought my fingers down on the notes with a tions to Ada, and intends to put a stop to it, 174, Wellfleld-street, was stimmoned by his wife for crash that made the two conspirators start. Theo As he spoke, Theo himself came into the room. persistent cruelty—Mr. Browae appeared for the Styles sauntered away to where Ada was sitting, He was white with rage, and going up to Tom, complainant whoeallegtd that her husband had persisted and began a low-voiced conversation with her, as exclaimed: ---e'e "nrning he ill-r- '3. he stood toyir ' with her fan. I saw the -* 'l's face "I imagine it is you I, have to thank for being ... . .. . s laion -t the der- "

The Influenza Epidemic is again spreading over the country. The visitation is of a very prostrating nature, and the disease is certainly on Vie increase. The origin of the disease or rather the circumstances which bring it about is as much a mystery as ever. You cannot trifle with Influenza. It undermines the Nervous System to a greater extent than almost any other disease and it is Pneumonia that kills, and Pneumonia strikes the man who imagines he has only a mild form of Influenza, and can go about the street just as usual. It can hardly be doubted that the prevalence of Chest and. Lung Complaints must be ascribed to the baneful influence of Influenza, whose after effeets so frequently take this form. It was a bad day for this Country when this malignant scourge first visited our shores. Year after year it has never since failed to revive at its due time, and to extort its tribute of human life. Having observed its ravages, and its dreadful effects upon the constitution on the occasion of its former visits, we cannot but regard its recurrence with much fear, as a great many have not yet, if they ever will, regain their former health. As a Preventative, we know /of nothing equal to Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. A few strong doses taken in time have often proved effectual in warding off attacks of this Malady, and always succeed in mitigating their severity when a patient is under their influence. Do you suffer from Chills, alternating with Sudden Flushes. Severe Head- ache, accompanied by difficulty in breathing, and symptoms of Catarrh, Pains in the Cnest, under and between the Shoulders, and a stiffness and soreness of the Muscles, Loss of Appetite and Nervousnees. If you suffer from any of these symptoms, know that they are the forerunners of Influenza, and it behoves you to resort at once to a course of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. By common corsent Patients every- where admit that they feel more depressed and miserable after an attack of Influenza than while under its influence, and more than they feel after an attack of any other illness. The best way to banish these miserable feelings is to tike Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters, The Vegetable Tonic. We can strongly and confidently recommend this Preparatior as it has treated severe cases of Influenza, Heavy Colds,Extreme Weakness, and Langour. with greater success than any other known remedy. We may also add that as a remedy for Indigestion,SleePlessne:s,Low Spirits, Nervousness, and Loss of Appetite. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters stands unequalled. It is sold in bottle 2s. 9d. and 4s. 9d,, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors, or sent direct, carriage free, for the above pi:cc by the Sole Proprietors: Quinine Bitters Nfanufacturing Company, Limited, Llanelly, South Wel( Avoid Imitations. See the name Gwilym Evans" on libel Stamp and Bottle.

_ ....voct toying girl' s ~.. flush, and her eyes brighten as she looked up at him. If only I could warn her as to what the man really was; convince her that eight months ago he was paying me such continuous attention that my girl acquaintances used laughingly to declare no one had a chance of getting near me , once Mr. Styles came on the scenes. s.- ----, - _ -., . _ , _ 1 The first day I had seen her, Ada told me she Choir Supper. ' . should eventually be very rich, as she had been On Monday evening the ch.)irs of Daresbury Parish , left a large fortune by one of her uncles, but the Church, St Luke's Hatton, and St. Faith's, Preston money could not be touched until she was of age. Brook, together with the wardens and ringers. were Unfortunately, I had nothing definite to urge entertained to an excellent supper by the Vicar (Rev. against Theo. Hundreds of men flirt desperately F. Clifton Smith). The usual toasts having been for a while, then pass on to metal more attractive. honoured Mr. de Prez proposed the best thanks of the As to the business transactions with my father, I meeting be glven to the Vicar for his kindness in could prove nothing, though I knew Mr. Black providing the supper, regretting that this would be suspected there had been foul play. The dead tell the last eccassion he would be with them at their no tales, and Theo knew the only person to give annual supper. In reply, the Vicar assured those evidence against him was dead. present that it gave him the greatest pleasure to join The weeks passed quickly by. Ada became quite the officers of the church at this annual gathering, and fond of me in her fanciful, exacting way, and, his sojourn in Daresbury would be remembered as spite of her caprices. I liked her too. Theo was assiduous in his attentions, but Mr. Milnes was so long as he lived. • used to seeing his daughter surrounded by ANONYMOUS £lO FOR BLACKBURN. numerous admirers, that be did not pay any heed to this one in particular. As for Mrs. Milnes, my The Borough Treasurer of Blackburn on Tbursd- former lover seemed to have cast a spell over her received a small parcel containing £lO, end the follow, • well h daughter.T as her Tom was the only ing unsigned note written in a schoolboy's hand : member of the family who viewed handsome Theo Please put the enclosed .£lO to the credit of the Black- burn Corporation, this amount to be devoted as the with disfavour. I had tried t_ssi-;, or three times to Corporation consider best for the general benefit of th -,-.,.. &els '..,::t she bad always laughed it off.

i • n leaving her. 'i-c-Rsew Year's morning he ill-usca her because she/went to a /friend's house to "let the New Year in" nd was too late for his liking. He gave her a black eye. loosene/ several teeth and tried to strangle her.—Defendant paid his wife tried to strike him with a jug, and she received t'ie injuries whilst he was trying to take it from her.—The c ise was adjourned for two months.

S

C COCOA is deliciously warming and comforting for children on a cold win morning. The first thought on awakening is for "something and nothing is more beneficial and nourishing than a cup of CADBURY'S cocoa. ______........./ "Every mother who values her Children's health and good looks should give them Cocoa for breakfast.—Black & White. 'HEALTH Says: 'Cadbury's is a food alike suitable for building up the growing body and repairing the incidental to all the processes of file.' GUY'S HOSPITAL GAZETTE says: "Cadbury's is the Highest type of a pure Cocoa." CADBURY's Cocoa is a Natural Diet for Cbilorep

ice-

dismissed in this fashion. What the dem_ "A lady is present," replied Toni, quietly. Butl I beat a hasty retreat, and left them to themselves. An unhappy state of things followed. Mrs. Milnes was as angry as she dared to be with her fiery. tempered husband; Archie lounged about in gloomy despondency; Ada made herself ill with crying over "papa's cruelty to Theo," and coaxed her mother to put off going to Scotland, declaring she felt too ill to stand the long journey. I had an uneasy suspicion that she managed to correspond with Theo, and to contrive occasional interviews with him. She seemed in better spirits, but was restless, rind so capricious that Masham emphatically re- marked: "There was no bearing with Miss Ada's whims."

"Miss Field, are you too tired to sing ? " Tom asked me one evening, "or is it cruel to beg for the exertion in this atmo sphere ? " It was an intensely hot night at the end of August, and I certainly did not feel inclined to comply with his request ; but music was his greatest pleasure, and almost imperceptibly I had made tfie discovery that to Tom's likes and dislikes I was by no means indifferent. Presently I began his favourite, "Oh, that we two were maying ! ' "Oh, that we two lay sleepily,' under the church- yard sod ! " I was singing, when Ada suddenly broke into passionate weeping.

..;

"-via, (tear, wnat is it r i criea, go,ng to her, while Tom, with a man's dislike to a scene, became absorbed in contemplating the storm-clouds gathering fast and thick around. "I wish you would not sing such horrid, dismal songs," sobbed Ada. "It makes me miserable to hear about being buried, just when I—" She stopped abruptly. "It is the storm in the air that has upset me," she went on, with an odd little laugh, very unlike her usual girlish merriment. "Good-night, Tom. I know you think crying women are a nuisance, so I will go off to bed. Please, Cora, don't come in to me to-night. I am very tired, and would rather be alone." As she spoke a terrific peal of thunder shook the whole house. It was a fearful storm; and even when the thunder ceased, the rain kept on in torrents.

II could not sleep, so wrapping myself in a dlessing-gown I took a book, and getting deeply interested in it, read on and on, heedless of time. The candle was placed on a table in a corner behind me, so that from outside the room must have appeared to be in darkness. Presently a low whistle attracted my attention. The sound seemed to come from immediately below my window. Then a man's voice said:

"Wait ten minutes before you venture. Tom has only just put out the lights in the library. Did you manage those fastenings as I told you, dearest ? " 4 felt puzzled. A thief would not speak of Tom by his Christian name • and as none of the servants slept on this side of the house, to whom could the "dearest" be addressed? I could not hear "dearest's " reply, but imagined it must have been a caution about my quick ears (it was a standing joke in the family that nothing ever escaped them) for there was an emphatic: "Sleeps in that room ? The deuce, she does I" from the man below. Surely, in spite of the cautiously lowered tones, the voice was Theo's. The truth flashed upon me. It was Ada he had come to steal away. My first impulse was to implore her not to trust herself to Theo ' • but I knew her infatuation for him, and if she refused to listen, what could I do? "Tom!" I said to myself. "If the lights are only just put out, he can't be asleep yet." Cautiously opening the door, I sped noiselessly down the corridor, till I came to his room at the far end. He was humming "Oh, that we two were mayino• !;" so vigorously I had to knock four times before he called out a cheery: "Who's there ? " "Mr. Milnes," I cried, desperately, for the precious moments were passing all too quickly. "Why the deuce don't you come in, whoever you are ? " was the response to another application of my knuckles. I heard him stride across the room, and in an instant the door was flung open. "Miss 1 ield !" he exclaimed, in astonishment. I s' •ed to him to be quiet, and in a few rapid word explained my errand. " You must come with me and tate her back, while I tackle that rascal!" he said. "There's not I a minute to lose," and he hurried me downstairs. "Do you know which door Is " he whispered. "No, I did not hear." "Then we must watch."

He pulled me behind the heavy curtains which hung over the drawing-ropm door, apd there we waited. _ _

"Are you frightened, Cora?" he asked, softly. "You are trembling so. I will take care of you. Surely you guess by this time how infinitely precious you are to me—" "Hush!" I said.

"Here she is."

He was holding back one curtain a little, and through the narrow opening I saw Ada coming slowly down the stairs. Her face was very pale, her eyes had a startled, hunted expression. She was dressed for walking, and carried a good-sized 1 bag. We waited till she had passed us, then followed her as she went swiftly towards the morning-room, the French windows of which opened immediately beneath my window. The rain had ceased. The air felt fresh and cool, as Ada pulled open the glass doors and peered anxiously out. "Ada," called Tom, catching her arm. "Toni! You here " she exclaimed, nervously. "I was so restless, I could not sleep; so I—l thought the garden would be cool and pleasant." "What about this heavy bag? Ada, you know you were going to meet that man. Go back to your room, and leave me to speak to him." "Darling, come quick," cried Theo's voice. Some instinct made me spring forward and drag Tom aside. There was a sharp crack; I felt a sudden pain in my shoulder, then all was dark. When I opened my eyes, I was lying on my own bed, with Masham bending over me, and Ada crying by my side. "She will do now, Miss Ada. It was only a bad faint. I hope the doctor will come soon though, for I don't like to meddle with the shoulder. Ah, to think that but for tier, Mr. Tom might be lying dead."

For over a fortnight I was a prisoner in my room; but in spite of the pain and weakness, I was happy, for was I not sure of Tom's love? Ada had gone away on a visit as soon as she heard the doctor's verdict that there was nothing seriously wrong with me. "Don't think me unkind, Cora," she pleaded. "But though I can't help seeing now what Theo is, I did truly love him. I can't bear to stay on here and be talked about. Do you know, they have found the housemaid who left soon after the robbery, and she has confessed that Theo took the rubies, and made her conceal the case in your room, so that suspicion might fall on you. Oh, I can't bear to think how wicked he was!" "What has become of him, dear, do you know?" "They think he has gone abroad. If they searched for him and he was arrested, it would all come out about his persuading me to elope, and—we want all that to be forgotten, if possible. I can never be grateful enough to you, Cora, for saving me from him." Soon after Ada left I had a letter from Mr. Black, saying that a certain American company, in which the greater part of, my small capital was invested, had turned out a most profitable affair. "There is no need, dear child," he wrote, "for you to continue with the Milneses." But I had no wish to leave Fernside. I had not yet seen Toni, having been forbidden by the doctor to go downstairs; but the evening I received this letter, Mr. and Mrs. Manes were going out to dinner, so I thought the house being quiet, I would make my first venture. Masham established me on the morning-room sofa, promising to come in from time to time. Presently the opening of a door made me start. It was Tom. • "What a shame to have disturbed you," he said, taking my hand. "Cora; I have been longing to see you, but they would not let me, so I have had to conteat myself with sending books and flowers. I did not write, because I knew, your right arm being disabled for my sake, you could not answer me. You must have guessed I love you, dear. Will you let me take care of you for evermore? Will you be my wife ? " "But your parents will hate me. I—Ada's com- panion—to marry their eldest son." He reasoned away all My fears, and by the time Masham re-appeared, we had decided that the explanation with Mr. and Mrs. Milnes should take place on the morrow, our wedding soon after Christmas. As I feared, the explanation was stormy, until Tom (who had talked himself hoarse in expatiating on my pedigree) happened to mention that I had shares in the American company Mr. Black had written about. Then Mr. Milnes relented, and was heard to mutter that he wished the shares were his. Ada came to us on a long visit soon after our marriage. Gradually the sadness fell from her, and she was once more her old merry self but I did not feel satisilpri

"Fate seems to have destined you to be the pre- siding genius of my marriage, Cora," she said, when she told me the news. "Through you I was saved from the mad folly of running away with Theo Styles; through you I have learnt to know the man with whom I feel I shall be as happy as you and Tom most certainly are." "Tom is that rare specimen of humanity—an unselfish man," I replied. "You might search the world over, and not find so good, so--" "Oh, spare me!" she interrupted, laughing. "I have just been listening to a long tirade from Tom himself on your perfections. I fully endorse his sentiments, only hearing of so much goodness has a bad effect on me, and makes me feel I must go and do something dreadfully naughty by way of a change. Seriously though, Cora, Ido agree with Tom in looking upon the day that you first came to Fernside as a red-letter one for us all." "Then you think the same as Gerald Massey," I said, holding up the book I had been reading when she came in.

" 'And there be none of all the poorest poor: But they may bring a little human love To mend the world.' I was poor enough when you first knew me, Ada." "That flay be. But I heartily echo the verdict I heard Bertie pronounce the other day, when someone asked him how he liked his new sister. His emphatic reply was: "She is worth her weight in gold I"

[THE END.]

town.- IFAO ,4 ...111111 " HEALIs. GUY'S HOSPITAL _ CADBURI

41) f 4100, 0""lie / ,ter's .14 •V` CADBURY'S waste • )* I I

===== 0002601_19050107_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. ;4".j. ;

===== 0002601_19050107_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
*A%I ',*',.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
I

T

' 4 4.4 ' • t

U

===== 0002601_19050107_art0098.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„ „

===== 0002601_19050107_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

SALVATION ARMY INSURANCE CDMPANY SUED. At the Warrington Police Court yesterday Arnie Clemo, 3, Wakefield-street, sued the Salvation Army Life Insuranca Company Limited for £4 14s. amount due under a policy i. med by the above Company on the life of Fred Ford.—Mr. Frost (of Messr.r. Range,Burton and Frost, London) appeared for the defend- ants, and Mr. A. Browne for the Mr. Frost at the outset said he took a technTcal objec tion on the grounds that the court had no jurisdiction, the reasonbeing that Mrs. Clemo was not the person in- sured, nor did she claim through the person who was insurel.—Mr. Browne said Mrs. Clemo had kept this man and had paid the premiums herself.—Mr.Prost con- tinuing said the man has been actually allowed by Mrs. Clemo to die in the Workhouse, to be buried at the parish expanse, and she refused to allow the money covered by this policy to be applied to the payment of the funeral expenses.—Mr. Browne sajd they were will- ing to pay the money. In reply to the clerk it was stated that the amount of the premium amounted to Bs. Id. the policy -was £4 149.6d.—Mr. Browne said it was hardly worth taking out letters of administration for. The man Ford had lodged with Mrs. Clemo for 20 years.—Eventually Mr. Frost agree 'lto pay the funerJl expenses and the case was settler,

===== 0002601_19050107_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Pollee Court.

Minor Cases.

INFLUENZA INCREASING.

4r:;;

===== 0002601_19050107_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
sic/. u ane -;;T=S engaged to an old friend of Torn's who had long been trying to win her, though hitherto in vain.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
ODDS AND ENDS.

THE man with to many irons in the fire is sure to take one by the hot end. "I HAVE a pair of braces for every pair of trousers I've got." " Gracious ! How many pairs of braces have you, then?" "One pair." LECTURER: "The acoustics of your hall are `. very bad, sir." Proprietor: "No, sir, they're all right. It was the soap factory you smelt." "Din the lecture you gave your wife on economy make any impression on her?" "Well, yes ; she's, economical with her smiles now." _ _

"MAMMA," said Bennie, thoughtfully, "did' nature have any reason for making the porcupine a slave to carry toothpicks for the other animals ?"

"PA, what is a stealthy step" "Well, Jimmy, it is the way a burglar walks, or a woman who is trying to catch a chicken." LET me alone," growled the sleeper. "Why did you wake me out of a sound sleep ? " " Be- cause," said the sufferer, "it was such a terrible sound that I had to." _

THE highwayman leapt upon his horse. "Ma- dame," said he, removing his hat gracefully," "you must excuse me. I may be a highwayman, but I am not an advertising agent." OPULENT FATHER-IN-LAW: "What ails you, George? Since you have been married you seem to have lost all your ambition." George: "Well, von see, sir, I reached the height of my am- bition when I became your son-in-law."

MISS KISSEM : "I never think of taking down the mistletoe after Christmas. I find it is months before it withers." Jack Rushitt "I say—er— have you any objection to my calling on you regularly ?" TRAMP: "Please, ma'am, will you give me a bite to eat?" Lady: "I haven't anything cooked, but I can give you a pair of old shoes." Tramp: "Excuse me, ma'am, but I'm no goat." - "My dear, there's a bonnet!" "There you go again," he interrupted; • "always thinking of worldly things." "But, my dear, you wrong me, : this bonnet is perfectly heavenly." , "So you've lost your new servant already ?" remarked a lady, sympathetically, to a neighbour. "Yes." "What time did she go ? " "I really can't tell," was the reply. "She took my watch ' with her."

AT a ball given in a small country town, for which the tickets were not transferable, the in scription on the tickets ran as follows: Admit this gentleman to ball in Assembly Rooms; tickets 2s. 6d. each. No gentleman admitted unless he comes himself.

OF Two EVILS.—Mrs. Youngdad : "Dear, we must get one of those burglar alarms." Mr. Youngdad : "What for?" Mrs. Youngdad "What do you suppose? You know if anyone tries to break into the house it will go off " Mr. Youngdad : "Yes, and wake the baby, No, indeed " _ _ .

MUGGINS, gazing intently at a dead dog in the gutter, in a resigned tone, at last said: "Here is another shipwreck." " Shipwreck ! Where?" blurted out Juggins. "Where, my dear friend?" quoted M. "There is a bark lost for ever." Juggins growled and passed on. IDENTIFIED.—" Well, Amy," said the young man in the parlour, "do you know who I am?" "Yes, sir," answered the little girl, who had been studying his face in solemn silence for several minutes. " I rec'nise you. You're the man that always wears the latest style of bowler hat in the big clothing store advertisements in the news- papers." HOTEL CLERK suspiciously: Your bundle has come'apart. May I ask what that queer thing is? Guest: This is a new patent fire-escape. I always carry it, so in case of fire I can let myself down from the hotel window. See ? Clerk thoughtfully: I see. Our terms for guests with fire-escapes, sir, are invariably cash in advance. _ _

"Oh, that Iliad the wings of a dove ! " she ex- claimed and sighed and signed. The Fates ex- changed meaning glances. " She's much more likely to get crow's feet ! " observed the Fates speaking among themselves. This fable teaches the unwisdorn of hankering too hard for the unat— tainable. "JAMES, there's a burglar in the parlour. He stumbled against the piano in the dark. I heard several of the keys struck." " All right," "I'll go down." "Oh, James, you're not going to do anything rash ? " "Certainly not ; I'm going to help him. You don't suppose he can get that piano out of the house without assistance, do you?"

-

*

CAPTAIN: " Sergeant, note down Private Gras. green three days on bread and water for slovenly turn-out on parade." Sergeant : "Beg pardon, captain, that won't make the slightest difference to him ; he's a vegetarian." Captain : " What? Then put him for three days on mutton broth and beef.' _ _

FAIR FRIEND: "So you have really decided not to sell that house of yours?" Fair Hostess: "Yes. You see, we placed die matter in the hands of a real estate agent, but after reading his lovely, advertisement of our property neither John nor myself could think of parting with such a won- derful and perfect home." A SMART RETORT.—The late Baron Rothschild (who, as is well known, was a Jew) was once a guest at a house at which a fellow-guest related how, in the course of his travels, he had visited a "model" town, in which there was neither Jews nor pigs. Lord Rothschild calmly waited until the rude narrator had finished, when he smartly retorted: "Then, sir, you and I would certainly be curiosities hi that town." No TIME FOR A HONORARIUM.--At a meeting of a London burial board it was suggested by a member that in acknowledgment of the zealous services of the superintendent of the cemetery, who was de- scribed as being so hard worked that he had not a minute to himself, he should be granted an extra honorarium. "Better," said another, "give him a sum of money, as, if he is so hard-worked, what time will he have to play an honorarium?" SOME time ago a well-known and popular Con- gregational minister received a basket of cham- pagne from one of his worldly and wealthy parishioners. A few days later the minister's little son was called up in his geography class to answer the .6eacher's question: "Where is Lake Champ- lain " "I don't know where it is," said the small boy, "but I've had some of the water, and it is nice." His LEGAL DIPLOMACY. —o6lplit : Yes, Bah, I tuck de chicken. I was gwine ter make some chicken pie, and I tuck the cook-book and read de direcshuns, and hit say: "Take one chicken." Hit don't say buy one chicken, or borry one chicken. Hit say, take one chicken. Hit don't say whose chicken ter take, so I just tuck de fust one I could lay hands on. I follered de dirdpshuns in de book, sah." "EDITH." "Yes, Tom?" " have a very important question to ask you. And—" "Yes, Tom ? " "Now, don't play any sister games on me." " What is/your question, Tom ? " " well, the fact is, my name is going to be printed in the paper soon—in the paper, next to the adver- tisements, don't you know; and I was wondering whether it would be all alone among the deaths, or with yours among the marriages." "Oh,

ONE of the longest electric overland cables in the world is that from Chilectio, on the northern rail- way of Argentina and the eastern slope of the Andes, 1,100 metres above the sea, to a point 35 kilometres distant.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND GLEANINGS.

ZIMALIIIM is a new alloy of aluminium/ snag- tl es ium, and zinc. It is harder and more easily worked than aluminium.

A SCOTCH scientist attempts to prove from geological phenomena that gravitation is electrical, and that it is identical with terrestrial and solar magnetism.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
NUTRITIVE VALUE OF STERILISED MILK.

According to M. Variot, cow milk sterilised at a temperature of 108 deg. C. preserves all its nutritive value. No case of scorbutic babies has been observed by him when nourished with this milk. Of 3,000 nurslings of the poor class only 3 or 4 per cent, were unable to utilise the milk. Atrophied children have been reared upon it.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FLOWING OF METALS.

It is perhaps not generally known that one of the most important properties of metals employed in striking coins and medals, and stamping and shaping articles of jewellery, is that of flowing iinder pressure. Standard silver is remarkable for this property, which precisely resembles the flowing of a viscous fluid. The flow takes place when the metal is subjected to rolling, stamping, or ham- mering, and the particles of the metal are thus carried into the sunken parts of the die without fracturing, and a perfect impression is produced.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
AN AIR-CURRENT RECORDER.

As it is important for aerial journeys to know the direction and force of the wind at various alti- tudes, M. Julliot, the engineer of M. Lebaudy, the well-known French balloonist, has invented an ap- paratus for the purpose, which is really an anemo- metric balloon. It consists of a small balloon, captive by steel wire, and illuminated inside by an electric lamp for night work. The balloon is allowed to ascend to different altitudes, and the inclination of the wire, together with its pull, are caused to register the force and direction of the wind upon graduated circles, vertical and hori- zontal.- An altitude recorder and an "oriflamme" on the balloon also shew the height and the regu- larity of the air currents.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
EUROPEAN RACE-TYPES.

According to Dr. Deniker, the eminent French anthropologist, Europe contains the "tallest race known," namely, the Highlanders of Scotland. Tall statures are common in the north-west, and medium or short in the rest of Europe. The Swedes are the blondest, and the South Italians the darkest people. Northern Europe is mainly blonde, Southern Europe dark, and Central Europe intermediate. Deniker classifies the population of Europe into six main races or types: (1) A tall, blonde, long-headed, straight-nosed northern race (the "Cymric" race of Broca, and "Teutonic" race of Ripley), with a less tall, blonde, medium-headed, "pug "-nosed sub-race found near it. (2) A blonde, short, square-faced "Eastern" race of Eastern Europe, with a sub-race like it, and very short, occurring in Poland and Prussia, and called "Vistulian." (3) Short, long- headed brunettes, or Mediterranean race. (4) Very short, round-headed, broad-nosed, dark Cavenole or Alpine race. (5) A very dark, fairly tall, long- headed Atlanto - Mediterranean or Littoral race found on the coast from Rome to Gibraltar. (6) A tall, dark, short-headed Adriatic or Dinaric race.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
POWER OF OCEAN WAVES.

At the International Engineering Congress, held att. Louis, some unusual figures were given on the subject of the height and power of ocean waves, particularly as regards their effect upon harbour works. In the course of a paper dealing with the new Dover harbour, it was stated that since these works have been in progress no nave of a greater height than 15ft. has been recorded—a fact which will be very surprising to those who have experienced the miseries of the Dover-Calais passage. The fact is the moi e remarkable because, at the entrance to the Tyne, waves from 35ft. to 40ft. high have been measured, and the last-named height has also been observed at Peterhead. In dwelling upon the necessity for what are known as spending-beaches and wave-traps, for dissipating and controlling wave action, it was stated that the depth to which the latter extends is now known to be much greater than was once commonly supposed. Proof of this is shewn by the fact that lobster-pots, placed in from 120 ft. to 180 ft. of water, have been found to be filled with sand and shingle after a heavy gale; moreover, sand had been found deposited after a heavy gale in the gallery of the Bishop Rock lighthouse, the latter being 120 ft. above the water, and the depth of the water at that point 150 ft. That the water, even at considerable depths, must be moving during a gale with great momentum, is shewn b3r the fact that at the Peterhead breakwater blocks weighing 41 tons, and located over 36ft. below spring tide low-water, I were displaced during a storm, while a section of the breakwater weighing 3,300 tons was moved bodily for a few inches without the brickwork being dislocated.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
SOLAR ELECTRICITY.

A great scientific truth has been demonstrated in regard to the sun's rays. Through the aid of a great sun motor, the Rev. Professor Himalaya, a Portuguese scientist, claims to have proved beyond the possibility of error that the actual origin of the rays and the heat of the sun is electrical. The pyrheliophoro, or sun motor, is the invention of Professor Himalaya. Since it has been in operation the inventor has been making some remarkable experiments with it. He has found that the heat of the sun is more than double that of the electric arc which has hitherto been the highest known tem- perature-6,300deg. Fahrenheit. He has found that there is no known substance, not even asbestos, that will not fuse in his sun furnace, into which the concentrated rays of his mirror reflector and concentrator are thrown. Asbestos always chars, and sometimes fuses. Manganese, the hardest known. metal to fuse, melts and runs as water in the. pyrheliophoro. Iron has no opportunity to melt, so intense is the heat. Instead of melting and running in liquid form, as it would in a blast I furnace, iron shrivels and dries up, and becomes like paper that has been burnt in a fire. Another great discovery that the inventor has made is that no matter how high the temperature to which a substance may be subjected, its mole- cular properties rejnain always the same. Iron, melted or burnt to ash, is still iron; gold, though burnt to a crisp in the pyrheliophoro, is still gold ; manganese does not become something else after it is fused; aluminium is always aluminium, though it is subjected to 12,000kleg. of heat. ThAs the pyrheliophoro successfully explodes the dreams of the alchemists of old who thought to change the baser metals into gold. It cannot be done.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
ARE THE PLANETS INHABITED?

It is not many years, writes M. Camille Plain- marion, the famous French scientist, in Harper's: Magazine, since Mars entered into the sphere of our observation. And one can also say that there is but a small number of the inhabitants of this world who have observed it in all its details, and of these, the most experienced is Signor Sehiaparelli, director of the observatory at Milan. The geographical map of the planet Mars has been made with infinite care by the above-mentioned astro- nomer. One might really consider it a terrestrial sphere of continents, islands, coasts, peninsulas, gulfs, waters. Moreover, clouds, rains, inunda- tions, snows, seasons, winters and summers, springs and autumns, prevail as they do here; and the intensity of the season is absolutely the same as with us, the inclination of the axis being the same as ours. If it were ever attempted to put into practice any project for communication between this world and ours, the signals would have to be established on a very vast scale. It would not be a question of triangles, squares, and circles of some kilometres in size, but of figures more than 100 kilometres large. Moreover, it would always be on the hypotheses that there are inhabitants of Mars, that these inhabitants under- stand astronomy, that they have optical instruments analogous to ours, and that they observe our planet with interest. This planet must be to them a star of first magnitude the evvping and morning star, the brightest star, of their 'heavens. When on a beautiful starry night we examine Mars under a telescope, when we see the polar snows, which melt at spring-time, those finely efined con- tinents, those long-gulfed Mediterraneans, this eloquent and varied geographical configuration, one cannot but ask oneself if the sun which , illumines a world so like our own does not like- wise shed light on living beings, if the rains do I not fertilise crops, if this atmosphere be not inhaled by beings; or if this sphere of Mars, which turns with rapidity in space, be like an empty train on a railway—ivutaining neither passengers nor goods.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_19050107_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE IRON TRADE.

Mond Gas and Iron-making.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
AN IMPORTANT BLACK COUNTRY

DEVELOPMENT.

A strenuous attempt to resusciate the Black Country in general and the iron trade in particular, by the intro- duction of Mond gas is about to take practical effect. The first section of the Mond plant has been completed,, and gas is now actually in course of manufacture. Sir Alfred Hickman, one of the largest ironmasters in the district, in conversation with our Birmingham repre- sentative on Thursday said that not only would iron- masters themselves use it extensively, but he knew of most important new industries that were only awaiting the supply ,of gas to establish themselves in the district. As to the economy of the gas he had no doubt what- ever. At the present time, he has engines of 3500 horse power driven by gas and another 1800 horsepower will shortly be added. The success achieved elsewhere particularly in Lancashire, Cheshire and the North of England demonstrated its possibility. The work of preparing the plant at Dudley Port, and laying gas-mains has occupied three years. The Mond Company has a capital of million sterling, and the system when complete is to be the greatest gas produc- ng and distributing plant in the world, it will serve an area covering one hundred and twenty square miles from Walsall to Stourbridge, and taking in the whole of the Black Country towns. The maximum price to be ' charged is 4d. per thciaslnd feet, but the company hope to be able to sell it at 2d. This will compare with Is. 10d. to 2s. per thousand charged by the Birmingham Corporation, for its gas though it should be added that the Birmingham product has four times the calorific value of Mond gas. The extraordinary cheapness of the latter article is due to its production from slack, of which enormous quantitities can be had at a very cheap rate. •

Standard quotations in the B irmingham Iron Market on Thursday were as follows :-Pig-iron Forge qualities-Staffordshire cinder 435. 6d., partmine 445. to 465., alt-mine 555. to 605., best all-mide 755. to 80s., cold blast 955. to 100 s., ; Northamptonshire,42s. 6d. to 435. 6d; Derbythire, 455. to 465..; North Staffordshire,4ss. 6d. to 565. 6d. ; Lincolnshire, 535. 7d. Finished iron : Marked bars £B, Earl of Dndley's brand £8 12s. 6d., second grade £7, common unmarked bars £5 15s. to £6; North Staffordshire bars £6ss. to £6 10s., angles £6 to £6 55., sheets, singles £6 12s. 6d. to £6 17s. 6d.,doubles £6 15s. to £7, trebles £7 7s. 6d.. to £7 12s. 6d., galvanised cor- rugated sheets f.o.b. Liverpool £lO lOs. to £lO 15s. ; 'hoop iron EG 1 2 s. 6d. to, £6 155., nail-rod and rivet iron £6 10s. to £6 155.. gas strip £5 17s. Gd. to £6. Steel : Bessimer billets £4 7s. 6d. to £4 10s., Siemer billets 124 12s. 6d. to £4 155., mild bars £6 to £6 55., girder plates b.; to £6 2s. 6d., boiler plates £6 15s. to £7 ss. griders ,C 5 10s. to £6, angles £5 ss. to £5 10s.

NEW PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL AT Sr. HELENS. The Mayor of St. Helens (Councillor Martin) on Thursday afternoon opened a new Primitive Methodist chapel, which had been erected in Robin's-lane, Sutton, at a cost of about £6OO. The building is of corrugated iron and wood, and will accommodate 200 worshippers. The Rev. W. A. Eyre, superintendent minister, pre- sided; and the Mayor, in declaring the chapel open, said he had a very high regard for the work the Primitive Methodists- were doing, aed for their minister He had sometimes wondered why they bad not spread II their wings more in St. Helens than they had done. IHe was very glad they had come to the Sutton end, though it was not in any spirit of rivalry, but there was room in a district like that for the fire of Primitive Methodism to make itself felt. A vote of thanks to the Mayor and to the Rev. T. W. Clarke was passed on the motion of the Rev..J. A. Wright, of Accrington, seconded by the Rev. T. Travis, of Chester, ex-president of the National Council of the Evangelical Free Churches, who delivered an interesting address.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
A LABOUR DAILY PAPER.

The Parliamentary Committee of the Trades Union Congress has sent out a circular appealing for funds to establish a co-operative printing press and labour daily newspaper, for which it is estimated a sum of £lO,OOO will be required ro start with, and trade unions are to be asked to subscribe the sum.

John Bailey and Thomas Reid were sent to the sessions at Bolton on Thursday with stealing a watch and chain from Robert Turner at Horwich after begging from him in vain.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW WE CHANGE OUR SKIN. Interesting Scientific Discovery.

It is strange to think of the human body wearing out just the same as a suit of clothes. Yet a man will " get through" eight or nine different bodies in a lifetime. In sevem years the whole of his bones, muscles, organs, and tissues have been by slow degrees entirely replaced. Some parts of the body wear out sooner than others; notably the skin, because of its exposure and its great liability to injury and disease. New tissue is constantly being produced ; and this, as it forms, is pushed upwards, and it takes the place of the old tissue which becomes horny and is finally cast off.

The fine white dust that one may scrape off the skin consists of these horny scales. An eminent English chemist has devoted years of untiring experiment to this problem of the growth of new skin with a view to dealing with those emergencies when the skin becomes injured, inflamed or diseased. It is believed that this shrewd observer of Nature's ways has found in Zam- buk the ideal balm to use on such occasions, and a balm which, by reason of it being Nature's own healer, will quickly supplant the coarse ointments, salves and em- brocations that have had to suffice in the past. Ever since man acquired the instinct to rub a place that hurt, attempts have been made to discover the right substance for him to rub with. The great chemist already referred to considered that the likeliest place to discover this substance was in the 1 forests of Nature situate beyond the borders of civiliza- tion.

At length, after a wearying search, certain rare plants were found from which could be extracted juices possessing the astonishing power of creating new healthy skin ! When applied to a cut or sore, inflamma- tion and disease would be at once taken out and new ' sound tissue grown completely over the affected plac To this unique extract were added other juices and balsams of high medicinal merit ; the whole was refined and concentrated so as to increase the potency of each element, and Zam-buk, as we now know the great healer, thus came into existence. The secret of its manufac- ture now belongs to the Zam-Buk Company, 4, Red Cross-street. London, E.C.. who have been able to bring the price of the balm within the reach Of all. Zam-buk may be had of all chemists or post free direct from the proprietors, for one and three halfpence a box, or two and nine for a large family size, containing nearly four times the quantity. Zam-buk is especiallY recommended for cuts, bruises, burns, scalds, nhafingsr itching spres, cramp, stiff joints, raw chins, blackheadS, sore throat, sore aching feet, bad circulation, weak ankles, chapped hands, ringworm, colds and chills, sprains, stiffness, blind and bleeding piles, bad legs, swollen knees, inflamed patches, ai)scesses, boils, ulcers, eczema, running sores, scalp irritation poisoned wounds, festering sores, dog bites, cat scratches, rkantnatisnli neuralgia, tic, sciatica, toothache, and for all diseased, injured, and irritated conditions of the skin. It is heal- ing, soothing, and antiseptic. Every Warrington hoiq should have a box handy for emergency. It is Nature t ideal healer because it produces new healthy skin, Ewa drives pain and disease out in Nature's own way.

RN

r

===== 0002601_19050107_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

FOOTBALLERS will be glad to know that the world famed manufacturers, GEO. G. BUSSEY & CO., Ot London turn out Balls, which for quality, uniformity and durability, are unique. These balls will be distinguished by the appear- ance thereon of their well-known trade mark. Ask the local Sports Dealer for G. G. B. & Co.'s Price List. It not pro- curable, apply to 36 & 38 Queen Victoria at., London F.‘c tory —Peckham, S.B. (79)

===== 0002601_19050107_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. --- NORTHERN LEAGUE. First Division. -- RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S MATCHES.

G. T. P. *Wakefield T. *Oldham Leigh 1 1 5 *Warrington ... 1 0 2 *Batley 3 1 9 Leeds 2 1 7 *Salford. Hull Kingston R. 2 3 13 Runcorn 2 1 7 Wigan *Widnes.. Played on the ground of the clubs marked *. WARRINGTON v. LEIGH. This important match in both the Northern and South West Lancashire Leagues was played at Warrington and resulted in the first defeat for Warrington at Wilders- pool. The homesters were sadly hamucapped by the absence of all the regular threequarters, while Leigh were at full strength. There were about 5,000 spectators and though on the losing side Warrington had most of the game. Teams:— Warrington.—Hallam, back; Short, Hockenhall, Brooks, and Kenyon, three-quarter backs; Di Davies and Duckworth, half backs; Shugars, Preston, Board- man, Cook, Belton,Phomas, Harmer, and Swift, forwards. Leigh.—Pearson, back; Johnson, Messer, Gartland, and Neville, three-quarter backs; Dunbavin and Burgess, half backs; Kelley, O'Neil, W. Roberts, Berry, Silcock, Webster, Blackburn, and Lee, forwards. Referee, Mr. C. Gibson, Salford. Touch judges, Messrs. E. Gordon, Widnes, and F. Little, St. Helens. Leigh were the first to attack and resolute forward play was met by Hallam, who by degrees caused the visitors to fall back. Twice Preston came near placing penalty goals, but the attack was once more warded off, and Dunbavin and Burgess qpening out the game, War.- rington had another hot spell of defending. Johnson was floored at the corner, but from a scrummage near the line Burgess made no mistake with a pass from Dunbavin, who added the goal from the try. Warring- ton responded well, and after Short had been pulled up at the right corner Kenyon made a big bid at the opposite side. Preston placed a penalty goal, and Leigh led at the interval by 5 points to 2. In the second half Leigh led off with a desperate forward rush, which Hallam checked in superb fashion, and a series of free kicks placed Warrington in an advantageous position. Preston had several shots at goal, but all went astray, and though Warrington attacked the major portion of this half there was no flaw in Leigh's defence. Result :—Leigh, 1 goal and 1 try (5 points), Warrington, 1 goal (2 points).

===== 0002601_19050107_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY'S MATCHES.

G. T. P. G. T. P. England Beghton Rangers 0 3 9 Hunslet Swinton Widnes 1 0 2 Salford Halifax 1 1 5 Oldham 0 1 3 Runcorn (Home clubs given first.) ENGLAND v. OTHER NATIONALITIES.

At Bradford before 5,000 spectators. The only changes in the English team were Preston and Butterworth in place of Starks and Fish. Hopkins passed to James, and he gave Llewellyn possession. The latter ran well and accompanied by Dechan forced a pass just beyond the centre. Llewellyn passed to the Bradford man, and the English full back being deceived, Llewellyn went through for a splendid try, having run threequarters of the length of the field. Gunn failed at goal. Other Nationalities continued to press, and James had a shot at goal from a penalty, but falled. Other Nationali- ties ware beaten in getting the ball from the scrummages and Hopkins passed to James, who transferred to Llewellyn for the last-named to score another try. James added the goal. The Nationalities were thus leading by 8 points to oin the first ten minutes. The English backs did not work well together, Wilson being weak. The ball was just inside England's half when Phil Thomas got possession, and cleverly dodging his opponents went through with a try. James failed at an easy goal. Following on this the Englishmen reached their opponents' " 25, but again Wilson missed a try from Lomas. Half-time :—Other Nationalities, 1 goal 3 tries (11 points) ; England,nothing. The restart was very sensational. At the centre Marsd -n got away and passe! to Lomas. He kicked across the field and Ley- tham following up scored the flast point for the Englishmen. Lomas missed the shot at goal. This was in the first minute. No sooner hsd the game been restarted than a back pass by Phil Thomas gave Ley- tham another opening. He dribbled splendidly, and dodging Gun scored a second try. This time Ferguson added a goal, making the English total 8 points inside five minutes. Leytham scored again a bit later for Ferguson to add the extra points, this !giving England the lead. The Wigan three-quarter made a fourth try from a long pass by Martin, and himself kicked a goal. Lomas was the next to score, and Mosby added a sixth Ferguson goaling. Then the game was as good as over. Result :—England -1 goals, 7,6 tries, 26 points. Other Nationalities, 1 goal, 3 tries, 11 points.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCONN v. HULL.

At Runcorn. The home team were short of Houghton Butterworth, and Walker. Hull were at full strength Runcorn, through good play by Jolley, set up an aggressive movement, which was only stopped on the Hull line. Jolley just failed to place a penalty goal Taylor made a fine dashing run for Hull, and Jolley and ' Harrison defended well. The Hull three-quarters combined well. Hnll knocked on, and, spoiled a fine opening. Moran A made a splendid run for Runcorn. Both sets of backs now did some neat passing. A splendid bout in which all the Runcorn men took part took play to the Hull line. Moran and Williams both missed chances of scoring. Even played followed. Hull were penalised for obstruction, and Jolley made a poor attempt at goal. Taylor got out of a warm corner by marking. Half-time :—No score. Restarting the game was very evenly contested, until some lively footwork enabled Hesketh to pick up and score. Jolley Missed the goal. Moran intercepted some Hull passing and punted over Taylor's head, when he was foully tackled when in pursuit, The penalty kick was futile. Result :—Runcorn 1 try (3 points), Hull nil.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

WARRINGTON V. LEIGH._

Played at Leigh, on Saturday, before a capital attendance. Warrington were short of a man. Fine work by the visiting forwards soon placed them in an advantageous position, and Forster and Jordan made capital attempts to cross. Knight had a shot at goal from a rather difficult range, and narrowly missed. Leigh attacked, but were repulsed by Knight, who almost got in a moment later, Coleman beingcm- pelted to save. Warrington passed well, and hard luck was repeatedly experienced. A hasty incursion by the home men had a favourable return, for Orrell placed a penalty goal, and this point proved the only tangible record cf the afternoon, the second half being unpro- ductive.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. Goats

FIRST DIVISION.

P. W. L. D. For Agst Pts. WarringtOnAlbions lO 9 1 0 N 4 18 Lyrnin 7 4 2 1 16 9 9 Stockton Heath Crosfields Warrington St. Mary's Earlestown Y.M.C.A. Latchford Britannia Thelwall 7 1 4 2 6 12 4 Orford Barracks

SECOND DIVISION. StOckton Heath Res Vulcan A.F.C. l2 9 3 0 44 18 18 Albion Res. Christ Church Warrington Central St. Barnabas l2 3 5 4 18 20 10 *Daresbury Widnes St. Paul's 9 3 3 3 16 15 9 Widnes St. Ambrose Penketh A.F.O 8 3 4 1 11 20 7 Crostlelds Res. Warrington St. Mary's Res l2 2 9 1 10 42 5 *Warrington St. Paul's l3 1 8 4 20 43 4 * Two points deducted for playing ineligible men.

The original Cocos., and a Speciality,

===== 0002601_19050107_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
EPPS'S

_ being distinguished from all others by its invigorating nutritious qualities and its delicious flavour. This Cocoa, con- taining as it does all the substance of the Cocoa Nib, maintains its leading position after three-quarters of a Century as

===== 0002601_19050107_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
COC • A

the beet form of Cogoa for every-da ye.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0124.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ii•ba

===== 0002601_19050107_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
Results for December 31st. FIRST DIVISION. Theismll 1, Crosfiolds 1. SECOND DIVISION.

Stockton Heath Res. 8, Warrington St. Pauls 1 Widnes St. Ambrose 2, Vulcan 3. Crosfields Res. 1, Daresbury 2. Widnes St. Pauls 2, Central 0. Matches for January 7th. FIRST DIVISION.

Earlestown Y.M.C.A. v. Warrington St. Mary's, referee T. P. Forbes. Crosfields v. Britannia, referee, W. H. Crowther. Albion v. Lymm, referee, C. Taylor. SECOND DIVISION.

Warrington St. Paul's v. Daresbury, referee, P. Clegg. Central v.. Stockton Heath Reserves, rereree,C.T. Cox: -

St. Barnabas v.. St. Ambrose, refere, C. D. brush.

Penketh v. Albion Reserves,referee,Sergeant Grailey. Widnes St. Paul's v. Christ Church,referee,A. Bowyer. Wgton

WARRINGTON CUP. SECOND ROUND.-REPLAYED TIE.

LATCHFORD BRITANNIA V. WINNINGTON PARK.— These teams met on the ground of the Warrington Albions Club, on Saturday, when the Britannia brought off another creditable performance by defeating Winnington Park by three goals to nil. There would be about 1,500 spectators present. Teams :—Latchford Britannia : Morris, goal ; Sherratt and G. Knight, backs; Knight, Thornley and Cundall, half backs; Jack- son, Ray, Cartwright, Wright, and Bibby, forwards: Wionington Park : Poole, goal ; Reeves and Egerton, backs ; Reeves Mellor, and Ellison, half backs ; Hughes, Forster, isherwood,Pendlebury and Oakes. for- wards.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPLICATIONS FROM A COLD. How Bile Beans Cure Liver Chill.

Many are the complications which may arise from a mere cold. Bile Beans, by toning up the liver and diges- tive system, strengthen the weak places made by cold and chill.

As an illustration of their power in this directisn, the case of Mr. Thomas Brady, of Mansfield-street; Liver- pool, might be mentioned. Mr. Brady served for two years in South Africa during the Boer war. He with- stood the terrible trials of the hot sun by day and the keen frost by night, which laid so many of his comrades low. Returning to the coast, however, from Johannes- burg he caught cold, and complications resulted. " I had pains in the small of my back," he says, "and dull, heavy pains in my side and in the pit of the stomach."

What Mr. Brady reajly sufferecilfrom was a form of liver chill, very common in Englandthroughout winter. " My body got !rite bent," he says, "because of my inability to straighten myself when the pain was so bad I to hobble about like an old man doubled up with age. and indeed I had the greatest difficulty in getting about at all. My appetite failed me, and I became very weak and depressed. When I got home I had some medicine and applied plasters to where the pain was most acute. Still I kept on sintering, nothing seeming to bring me the slightest relief. "A friend told me I ought to try Bile Beans. I did so, and in!a short time they rid me not only of the pain' but of the weakness, loss of appetite, and debility which had resulted. lam now in excellent health ; indeed I have just this moment returned from work, where I have been hard at it for three days and two nights without any rest or sleep. That kind of thing cannot be done unless one is in excellent health, which, I am glad to say, lam now. This I owe to Bile Beans." Bile Beans are a cure for indigestion, debility, bilious- ness, constipation, piles, nervousness, anannia, female ailments, weakness, colds, chills, neuralgia, rheumatism, pains in the back, wind, sleeplessness, loss of appetite, liver complaint, hera ache, flatulence, pimples, and skin eruptions. . -

Orf all chemists, or post free from the Bile Bean Co., Red Cross Street, London, E.C., for Is. 11d. or 2s. 9d. per box (2s. 9d. box contains three times Is. 11d. size). Bile Beans are sold only in sealed boxes, never loose

===== 0002601_19050107_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR NOTES. •

We are pleased to note that a driver, who was recently convicted of driving recklessly, has been sent to prison for two months withont the option of a fine.

The case was a particularly bad one. The chauffeur had taken out his masters's car, without permission,and at two o'clock in the morning—according to one account —leapt an excavation at Westminster Bridge, Oft. long, 4ft. deep and 4ft. Gins, in width. In court he explained that he did not pull up sooner because it would have been dangerous to use his breaks with the road in so greasy a condition. The magistrates, however, con- sidering that the excuse was feeble and that it was to be assumed the same argument would be supposed to apply whether the obstacle before the car hapdened to be a man, woman, or child, sentenced the driver as stated, and it is to be hoped that during the next two months, the young man will ruminate upon the advisa- bility of driving carefully over a "slippy "surface so as to avoid the necessity for choosing between immediate destruction and jamming the brakes dead on and so in- viting disaster in another form.

It is greatly to be regretted that so many paid drivers should be so utterly reckless in their methods. The fact of the matter is that many of them are recruited from a class to whom mechanical principles do not appeal in the least, and they have really no conception whatever of the damage they inflict on engine and tyres alike by perpetually driving at the highest rate of speed the motor can achieve. Keep her going at a little under her full power and nurse her when necessary, and the fife of the engine will be appreciably prolonged, as, too, will be the life of those expensive and important accessories, the tyres. Yet how many of the ordinary paid drivers ever do nurse their cars? How many of them know how? How many. indeed, drive any other way than with the timing fully advanced, the throttle wide open, and the right hand ready to push on the emergency brake, in conjunction with the quick application of that actuated by the foot directly any occasion arises for the sudden diminution o f the speed.

Nobody seems quite to know what has become of the Anerley Show which was to have been held at the Crystal Palace early in January. Some declare that it has been abandoned ; others are as firmly convinced that it will materialise yet. Certainly it can well be dis- pensed with, for, without that one,there are three other important shows to take place between now and the end of March. The manufacturer is already committed to as much expense as he can stand with these, and, indeed this multiplication of shows is not only tedious but is apt to become extremely wearisome.

the exhibition at Olympia, due to open on February 10th, is the one upon which the hopes of the amateur buyer are mostly based. Mr. Cordingley's show at Islington is always well attended, but it occurs just a little too late in the season, coming as it does at a time when purchasers really want to be driving their cars and not merely to be placing orders for them— orders which, possibly, cannot be executed for some weeks to come. At Olympia, on the other hand, the various vehicles will be shown in such good time as will allow a prospective buyer to place his motor and even obtain delivery of his car before the season opens. This is important, especially when the manufacturers are placing novelties upon the market, for otherwise those who might have been likely to invest have already made their choice for the conking season. And there will be several novelties at Olympia, if report speaks truly, whilst it is also probable that it will be here that a rather startling scheme will be first propounded by the Motor Car Company, of whioh we are not at liberty to write more fully just yet.

Like the cycle shows, the motor car exhibitions have had many homes; but it is rather suprising that amongst them all the Alexandra Palace has never yet been favoured with practical consideration. It is reached by an admirable train service—which is certainly mere than can be said for the Crystal Palace—and possesses some fine grounds wherein trial runs for intending pur- chasers could well be held.

FAILURES IN ENGLAND AND WALES.—According to "Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of failures in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, December 30th, was 90, viz.:—New bankruptcy proceedings published in the London Gazette, 41; deeds of arrangement registered, 49. The sespective numbers in the corresponding week of last year were: bank- ruptcies, 39 ; deeds of arrangement, 54—total 93 ; being a net increase in bankruptcies of 262, and a net increase in deeds of arrangement in1904,t0 date, of 476.

FOOTBALL TEAM IN' DANGER,

On Monday afternoon, as the Hull football team were being driven from the railway station to the Runcorn headquarters in a waggonette, the driver lost the reins, and in endeavouring to recover them fell between the horses, which started off at a wild gallop. Mr. Charles- worth, the secretary, jumped out of the vehicle, which almost collided with the Market-place lamppost. Two constables pluckily seized the reins and brought the horses Via standstill.

Diagram 45 shows a run-through in-off from the red. Both the object balls are dead on the top cushion, and are too near to each other to allow of a run cannon being made from the position of the cue ball. The run-through in-ow,should be played exactly as though the object, _white were not in the way. If the red be struck cor- rectly it will move the white from where it is, and will itself get away in time to leave a clear path for the cue ball. In playing a stroke of this nature it will often happen that the second object ball will rebound from the side cushion right on to the cue ball, so that tne result of the stroke will be a kiss cannon instead of an in-off. In fact the kiss cannon is often far easier. to get than the run-through. Nevertheless, it is always as well to play for the in-off, using plenty of side (left hand side in the diagram), as in this way there is a double chance of scoring. The run-through in-off would be on with the object balls nearer to each other than shown on the diagram, but when they are very near to each other no in-off will be on owing to the cue ball catching up the first object ball before it has had time to get away after its contact with the other ball. RUN-THROUGHS PLAYED WITH BOTTOM.

Most ordinary players have an idea that all run-throughs should be played with top, but top though it increases the forward rotation of a cue ball can often be advantageously dispensed with when the cue ball is not very near the ob- ject ball. When a cue ball is hit at the centre it develops perfect rotation very soon after being struck, and will follow on after a full contact with an object ball, provided that the object ball previous to the stroke was some little dis- tance away. This may very easily be tested as follows:—Place a ball on the centre spot (or a foot nearer to baulk), and play .full on to it from the centre of the D line, striking the cue ball at its centre. It will be found that the cue ball will follow on quite easily after contact with the object ball. Now place the object ball on the pyramid spot, and play again from the centre of the D line striking the cue ball quite low, and using a medium-pace to fairly fast stroke. It will be found that notwithstanding the low hit- ting of the cue ball it will still follow on after contact with the object ball. The reason that this is so is because although the low hitting of the cue ball imparts reverse rotation to the ball, the friction with the cloth checks and finally stops this reverse rotation long before the object ball is reached, and from the moment that the backward rotation becomes exhausted forward rotation sets in. All long distance run-throughs when not played at a fast pace are played with plenty of bottom or drag by all good players, firstly because when side has to be used it is retained by the cue ball much longer than it would be without the drag, and secondly because drag while it lasts ensures the true running of the

===== 0002601_19050107_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS. THE STROKES OF THE GAME.

EGX4OO Zia‘TX.

[COPYRIGHT]

xix. RUN.THROUGHS.—Continued.

The Examiner, Saturday, January 7, 1905. 17

===== 0002601_19050107_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
DIAGRAM 45.

_ _ if. Both object balls touching tht ~n; red ball behind the spot, and object wh._ inches from the red. Cue ball 16 inches from the side cushion and 3i inches from the top cushion.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
A run-through ca.. Inches from the side the top cushion, objr side cushion and 37i Cue ball 2 inches

===== 0002601_19050107_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
_ Red ball 15i ion and 46 inclis from ate 11 inches from the from the top cushion. Id of the D.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
Thousands of delighted travellers acknowledge it to be the ideal home

WINTER, HEALTH, AND PLEASURE RESORT.

Why incur the trouble and expense of a long Foriegn Journey when the

===== 0002601_19050107_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY

CAN TAKE YOU IN A FEW HOURS TO THE

Delightful Cornish Riviera?

'ast and Luxurious Trains.

heap' Fares

===== 0002601_19050107_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.

C. Birtwistle (Preston).—ln the four games recently played in Manchester, Roberts beat Harverson and Bateman, and was beaten by Reece and Inman. C. Dowson (Manchester).—Up till the time of writing Roberts is the only player who has made a break of 500 this season. The break was 595. W. Montgommery (Brighton).—As yet none of the players engaged in Burroughes and Watts £l,OOO tourna meat has beaten his record break. _

E.C. (Burnley)—You could not do better than ask your fellow townsmen W. Holt, his opinion of crysta- late balls. In a recent match with M. Inman extending over a week, which was played with ti,e.,a balls he made breaks of 110, 164, and 204, and wr s most exciting game by the narrow margin of elev. points. Previous to thisllolt's record break was I_o made with ivory balls. It is a wonderful performance to beat ones record break four times in a week and by such a large margin too, and no better testimony to the value of crystalate balls could possibly be given. As I have often pointed out before the ordinary ivory balls in use in clubs and hotels can seLZom be depended on for scientific billiards, and even carefully selected ivory balls are seldom really true, and the proof of this is that one constantly reads of ivory balls having to be changed in important matches through one of the players finding his ball untrue. With crystalate balls such a thing is unknown. "Amateur" (Liver pool).—lnstead of the different heats in the amateur championship which takes place in March, being all pl4ed in London as hitherto, they will be played in London, Manchester Edinburgh and Dublin, so that if you enter you can play in Manchester. i The semi-finals and final will be played n London, so tkat the players hum the provinces who qualify for the semi-finals will only have io spend a short time in London instead of eight or ten days as formerly. CrE.D. (London).—Perhaps no handicap was ever framed that gfo e satisfaction to all the players. When a man's play is but little known it is only right that he should receive little or no start.

Spot Ball (Croydon).—ln professional match° s the spot ball is often a plain ball marked with small ink spots. E. Jones (S. Shields).-.-I should not advise you to try and re-colour the red ball. You can get it properly done for about Gd.

RISO LEVI.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
Brick-street Church Tea Party, Warrington.

The annual tea party and concert in connection with the above church, were held in the schoolroom on Monday. A large number of persons sat down to the excellent tea which had been provided The concert was presided over by Mr. James Shaw, the Church President. The reports of Sunday school and Church work were read by Messrs, Albert Kay and B. Warburton. Two solos entitled, " Only once more " and " Going to Kildare " were sung by Madame Christian for which she received well merited encores. Miss Bather sang very sweetly. " There ain't another daddy in the world like mine" and" Blue- bell," the audience demanding an encore for the former one. Mr. William Jowett sang" Dreams of Paradise" and" The Kings Own," and Mr. A. May- hall sang " The Diver" and Ben Bolt." Mr. A. Grounds was responsible for the humorous items and created a deal of amusement. Mr. Foster mystified the audience with a number of sleight of .1-land tricks, a most enjoyable evening being brought to a close by a laughable dialogue entitled :—"A nice quiet morn' ing."

===== 0002601_19050107_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
LIFE-BOAT SERVICES 1N 1901.

The year 1904,unlike its predecessor, was by no means a stormy one, although during thelearlier months a fair amount of boisterous weather was experienced. This re- turned now and againthroughout the year, afterperhaps many weeks of comparative calm,with thelresult that the aid of Life-Boat crews of the Royal National Life-Boat Institution was required, they thus being afforded the opportunity of rendering many valuable life-saving services. The heaviest gales of 1904 occurred on the 11-13th of February, and the 0-16th Deeember. On the first occasion there were 20 launches of Life-Boats, re- sulting in the saving of 17 lives and 5 vessels ; whilst during the latter gale 48 lives and 3 vessels were saved as a result of 35 launches. Between the Ist January and the 31st December.l9o4, inclusive, the Institution's Life Boats were launched 204 times on service' in addi- tion to which Life-Boat crews were assembled in readi-

ness for service 50 times, but their assistance was not needed. The number of lives saved by Life-Boats and other means for which the Royal National Life-Boat institution granted rewards during the year was 519, and as many as 34 vessels and boats were also saved by the Life-Boats from partial or total loss. The total number of lives for the saving of which the Institution has granted rewards since its establishment in 1824 has been 41,880. The cost of maintaining the Institution's large fleet of 285 Life-Boats in a high state of efficiency grows year by year ; but the financial support received from the public in the shape of annual subscriptions and donations is quite insufficient for the purpose. Increased help is, therefore, earnestly appealed for. Annual sub- scriptions and donations will be thankfully received and acknowledged by the Secretary, Mr. Charles Dibdin, 20 Charing Cross Road, London, W.C., by any of the Branch Honorary Secretaries, and by all th? Bankers in the United Kingdom.

" In the organism of man as in that of all the highest animals, the roateria Is for the nutrition of every portion of the strusture are supplied by the Blood. If the blood is diseased the body 41 diseased." " Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture " is a guaranteed cure for Blood and Skin Diseases. It is the most searching blood cleanser ever di s- coverd and will free the system from all impurities from whatever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema. Bad Legs, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvel- lous. Thousands of testimonials. Sold everywhere at 21 9d per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes. —Advt. 7.

CL %AMR'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquire for constitutional ameba rges from the IlinaryOrgans, Gravel and Pains In the back. Free from alelTurv. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. ed. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throw/b- -on the world, er sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Co unties Drug Company, Lincoln.— Ad vt.

FLORILINE ?—FoR THE TEETH AND HRFATH.—Tboroughly cleanses She teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, and gives to the teethe peculiar pearly whilenees and a delightful fragrance to the breath. Price 2s. 6d. for the liquid, or le. per jar for the Florillne " Powder." of all Chemists and Perfumers.— Advt. VALUABLE DISCoIfERT FOB THE HAIR.—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off, use the MEXICAN HAIR RENEWED, br it Will positively restore, lu cv,ry case, grey or white, hair to its original colour. It makes the hair ehirmingiV beautiful, as Well as promoting the growth Price 3s. 6d. per bottle.—Advt. MOTHRRP. —Y re. WINSLoW'S Soothing Syrup bee been us eat for over fifty years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve he poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste ; and P rouces natural 'quiet sleep, by relieving the child from Pain and the little cherub awakes" as bright as a button." Of all Chemists Is. lid. per bottle.— AdVt,

===== 0002601_19050107_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
HE

Taken

A disease neglected inevitably means health lost. No one can afford to be ill. Sickness is costly, painful and dangerous. When you commence to feel run down, give Nature a friendly lift. Help it to throw off the impurities that clog the system. There is nothing like

time

•

i 4, ~. ' .

IVI

-

N

P

I

L

S

to put the Bowels in good working order, to repair the Liver, to improve the Digestion and banish Headache and Insomnia. A few doses will make you feel like yourself. Beecham's Pills will do this. They prove all they claim. They save time, worry and expense.

save

dangerous

ills.

Sold Everywhere In Boxes, price Is. tid. (56 pills), and 2s. 9d. (168 pills).

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE.

GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. BY

EADE'S PILLS.

AN INFALLIBLE REMEDY ! ! Breakfast Creek, Brisbane Queensland Dear Sir,—Some 15 years ago I had the misfortune be attacked with Rheumatic Gout. I tried nearly all the doctors here, but they did not do me much good. I saw your advertisement and obtained some of your pills, and I can assure you quickly got relief. When I feel any of the pains coming on, two or three pills gen- erally take them away. Many of my friends have used them, and all say they are an infallible remedy. For myself, 1" say there are none to equal them. Yours truly S. L. HOWMAN. EADE'S GOUTLPILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all in. jurious matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is lid and 2s 9d, or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. UMA TIC PILLS.

'S

ii

H.d di Is y CA ex, old E

===== 0002601_19050107_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
ROOM AND

PICTURE FRAME,

DADO MOULDINGB.I

iinglish and Foreign Picture Frames. livery requisite for the tracte. Regi'ding d Speciality. Largeat stook of Mouldings in the Kingdom. •4end for PA.Tritlia 130)K. 16 P•ges. With all New Patterns and Designs up to date Post Free for 12 Penny stamps.

ImPnargliOFltLOS• GLASS STOCK FWilt ON APPLICATION.

H. MORELL, 17, 18, GREAT ST. ANDREW STREET, BLOOMSBURY, LONDON, W.C. Warehouses : 11, 12 acd 13, Neal'a Yard, and 41, Neal Street, (1::: the rear). 'Telegraphic Ltddreas: —.Rabbitry, London." Telephone 6135 Central

A long-telt want supplied at laat 111

,I 41 Vera

/6 THE RELIABLE BED TABLE. 7/6 (A first-class Table at a popnlarprice.) By far the Cheapest Bed Table on the market Will answer most of w claimed for those charged three and four times the money. in a eick room. It ia a boou to invalids and those who It is strongly recommended by medical men ea a ,ence. Made from selected Pine and highly unscrew for storage or travelling. Can be )k rest. At the price we charge foe it • , complete without one. u sent carriage paid to any address _ receipt of Cheque or Postal Order to Rs RELIABLE BED TABLE CO., Charles Street. Sheffield. Special gootationsin quantities, for Boepitale. Nursing Homes, Ite'

• Is .. wonderful water prooler to DaIesBOOTS & HARNESS. 80f- ' tens and preserves the leather Pleasant odour allow polish- log with blacking. GOLD MEDAL EXHIBITION HIGHEST AWAUDS. . • , _ fins 2t1.. M., if. 602/6 a/ Boot oub in Makers, Saddlers, Iramaapteert &et Manalactery East Duluna London

• KEATING,s LOZENGES EASILY CURE . THE WORST COUCH. One gives relief. An increasing sale Of Over So years is a certain test of their valve. Sold in Tins Sid. each.

-lOld 11"4' i 'i! 71 1r lir 4_, • 1 ''.. V. the piliirposee L „A. --,' , ,_...A. Indlepearable ii. A ' ''',,,zele-• , r breakfast izi bed. ... ( diatinet aid to convaleireu, ii \ , 'IL7-2- iNt ..r:T: :°,,ii:ihtivii tlfirovouoiscr,..7.• tiq, household fa sore- , ' 4 A ' Reliable ' Red Table will be • rt' rif' ,' ,r- -/

kliil.l . ' . le. lit%i L;g. i:1 \..615,' _ t 1 , who zio ....4. zi - / i LighlY - * L., .:011 be 1 r ituo , ~....- . in Ebb ' 4,. - Vim. j

===== 0002601_19050107_art0139.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_. t e 1 •.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0140.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
c

===== 0002601_19050107_art0141.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-t*•

===== 0002601_19050107_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
S'S

sty. Nbility, &e.

BSTANTIAL FITS,

the Kingdom rou better.

'Ws's Yalvellous Xouse, of :furniture, at 15, 22i, 28i, C 31,, 50, 75, 100, 200, up to 3,000 guineas, specially aug- mented in quality and quantity of articles, represent the HIGHEST STANDARD OF EXCELLENCE PROCURABLE at the price. Their SUPREME MERIT has gained the UNIVERSAL APPROVAL of. the most astute buyers.

FULL PAIATIC 7urni:

MARS FREE. ,hing Guide

and wide as a reference, as it ic Designs priced, clear saving of about fifty pt-. _. may be effected. 1 " Gratis, Post Free. Cash Quotations only. Easy PayMOW; 10 ;e:. cant eta. • LONDON Rd., MANCHESTER ESTABLISHED 1545. Banters: LLOYD'S. +++++++++++++4

Is renowned far reliable work of contains 800 Artist and shows how a About fifty per cent.

+.l, +++l + 44i

===== 0002601_19050107_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
PIT

Patron.ized ty Nty

TO REAP SU bENEF

T

As no Firm in can serve yi

z

===== 0002601_19050107_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
FUR

ISI-1

• ' ,

-J 4 I •

===== 0002601_19050107_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENT. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matters intended for publication must be written on one side °MI of the paper and sent in, if possible, not later than Thursday. -

Mr. William Long and the Non-Trading Agitation. Sir,—lt is lamentable to notice how the opinions of many of the so-called leading men " of Warrington have become warped, and their views of the recent agitation twisted, owing to their Companies that have fattened by trading with the Corporation. Take the case of a well known citizen, Mr. William Long, and note what he said at the annual meeting of the Warring- ton Savings Bank on the 20th alt. Here are the words he spoke in reference to the movement :—" Warrington he hoped, would soon be settled down to her work again after that unfortunate agitation—and he still held a strong opinion upon it. It was a very ill-timed and badly managed agitation and one which had certain- ly not redounded to the credit of Warrington." Now, Sir, what is this opinion worth? It is easy to speak of the moveraent as "a very ill-timed and badly managed agitation," and if an impartial man had said this, some weight might have been attached to his words. But when turn to a recently compiled list of the shareholders of the Warrington Slate Company, Limited, (which, as everybody knows, was the worit sinner in the matter of trading with the Warrington Corporation) I am amazed, and perhaps amused, to find that this very Mr. William Long is or was the second largest shareholder in this Company, and that he is or was one of its Directors. One can well under- stand him saying that the agitation was " ill-timed," and one can only say that the opinion of so interested and prejudiced a witness is absolutely worthless. It is, as I have said, lamentable to find how great a number of Warrington men are interestedone way or another in this trading. In fact, it looks as though " the trail of the serpent is over them nil." lam thankful to think that we hay", by this" ill-timed" movement, once for all, killed the demoralizing trading.—Yours, &c. S. NORBLTRY WILLIAMS.

sth January, 1905.

Stockton Heath Tram Fares. Sir,—Alderman Smethurst at the last Council meeting under cover of my inability to reply, owing to the standing orders, stated I was one of the two most extravagant members of the Council,—this distinction from snch an authority is as ridiculous as untrue. I have long since had the opinion that the Warrington Tramways are about the worst in the kingdom with respect to excessive fares and the through running arrangements. The Manager recommended Id. on Stock- ton Heath route, and it was rejected, but only a few months ago he was asked to report upon half-penny fares, and the badly needed overlapping stages, and we have heard nothing further about (outside the committee.) The workmens cars as promised when Parliamentary powers were sought, have never been properly com- plied with, although early cars are not necessary on all routes; still at night, the Committee have no right to charge the ordinary fare for workmen. The charges on Stockton Heath route will create a worse feeling and will not encourage the people to travel as inaquently to Warrington to do their shopping, neither will the extra id. stop a single resident from removing to Stockton Heath. The chief reason how- ever of, mine, after the question of distance is ignored, is to encourage the poorer people in Warrington, who cannot afford to live outside, to avail themselves of a then poor Id. ride for adults and Id. for children, as compared with other places. The extra halfpenny for 500 yards, especially for children, is a stupid imposition, and as a private 'bus company could make the total distance pay with penny fares, it shews little credit to our Tramways to-day. It is. a course, well understood in Warrington, the height of absurdity to ridicule committee's work, and as baths and bowling greens are regarded by the Chair- man of the Tramways as my speciality, permit me to state that if it were practicable I would advocate same in almost every word, if differently arranged with regard to facilities and charges than those at present obtained. —Yours faithfully PETER PEACOCK. 135, Bewsey-road, Warrington, January Gth, 1901.

The Non-Trading Commissioners' Report. Sir,—l observe that the statement which I know to have originally emanated from the Town Clerk's Mace —that f gave the order for the printing of the Non- Trading Commissioners' Report, has been completely disproved by the evidence of the three Commis- sioners and of the printers. I also notice that in the "Report" of the Deputy Town Clerk to the Town Council he does not nowallege that I stated to him that I had given the "order," although his reference to the subject is put so disingeniously that many unwary readers may so understand it. He says that on my tell- ing him that the Report (that is the manuscript or draft of the Non-trading Commissioners report) was ready, he said that if I would let him have it he would take it to the "Guardian" office, and let me have a proof, and that I then said I have giren it (that is the manuscript or draft report, not the order) to Messrs. Walker & Co. Now it is the fact that I did actually carry the draft report from the Commissioners to the printers, but on the other hand, the reason alleged for my so doing is simply ridiculous in view of the fact that I did not give the order at all. The order was given personally by the Commissioners to Messrs. Walker and Co., on the 19th October with full instructions as to size, quality of paper, type, &c.; when it was given the Commissioners had no idea that the Corporation would pay; the point in fact was not I thought of by them, nor indeed by use until the Deputy Town Clerk introduced it to me in our conversation the following day. The sole and the whole concern of the Commissioners (and of myself) was to get the Report completed, and to hand a printed copy (as most suitable satisfactory and expeditious) to the Mayor and to the Burgesses at the earliest possible moment. The manner in which my innocent reference to the accidental meet- ing of Mr. Walker and the Commissioners from which the order ultimately resulted), has been deliberately divorced from its only connection and made into a reason for my giving an order which I never did give, is only one more sad proof of the condition into which the public life in Warrington has been degraded. My career in Warrington is happily known to all now, and I defy any man to show that either in my business or public life I have ever sought to give ordivert an order for directly or indirectly interested motives. And so far,' as regards this paltry printing order, had it been mine to I give, which it was not, it would not have gone where it did for very obvious reasons. Whatever the Deputy Town Clerk may now report, after the lapse of 21. months, he knows perfectly well, as I know, that he himself introduced to me on the 20th October the question of the liability of the Corporation for the printing of the Report ; he knows moreover, that it was not a case of his agreeing, or conceding, but of his insistence that the Corporation should con- tract and pay for the initial printing and for a reasonable number of copies for the Non-trading Asso- ciation. He certainly did at first demur to the foolscap size but most clearlf and distinctly he took over the liability for the cost of printing, and of a number of copies (afterwards settled at 50 copies) for the Non- Traders. In view of the actual position and of the facts, and of the mean discreditable action of the Town Council on Tuesday last, it would almost seem that the whole thing has been a "plant, i on the part of certain officials and members of the Council to tempt the Non- Traders into a false position ; if so, I think the rate- payers will see through the ruse. The plain fact is that these men, many of them,remember the days of reckless waste and ceaseless extravagance when things were made pleasant all round ;. they pine to have these days back again, hence their random and venomous hatred of the men who have spoilt the game! Is it to be wondered at that men of standing and position will not stoop to enter th e Council? I have never said to the Deputy-Town Clerk nor to anyone else that I had had a great deal to do with the report ; the contrary indeed is the fact, and I was sorry that I could not afford any assistance whatever in the arduous duties of the Commissioners until the last night when I merely copied several sheets of the draft report and certain evidence from tha inquiry minutes. I have now done with the Deputy-Town Clerk, and I shall take care to have no further business connection over the telephone with the Town Clerk's °face. "Once bit twice shy,"l and as to the relative reliability of the Town Clerk or the Deputy Town Clerk and myself. I am more than content to leave my reputation in the hands of those who know me. What others may believe is of very little moraeat to me. At the same time I do not believethere is a single burgess of Warrington outside the trading clique who would for a moment harbour a suggestion that I would seek to transfer any liability of mine to the ratepayers or to anyone else. I don't think the Council discussion claims muck notice. Nobody now takes Councillors Maginn,Wilkin- son and Tinnion seriously, but I must however, once for all express my amazement at the temerity of Alderman Bennett in intervening in these trading debates. "0 wad some power the giftie gie us To see oursels as others see us." Here is a man who has had +l5O of the ratepayers' moneys, as I believe improperly and illegally, who in his evidence before the Commissioners admitted that he had doubts as to the legality of his taking such money, and whose conscience so troubled him that he more than once consulted the Town Clerk on the sub- ject, this, I say Is the man whohas theaudacity to stand up and lecture the Non-Traders on having brought dis- credit upon Warrington, when he knows full well that he and his trading friends are the men who had brought discredit on the town. When he has followed the ad- vice I gave him the last time I saw him, and has dis- gorged moneys illegally received as I contend, when in short he has pulled the beam out of his own eye.it will be time enough for him to preach to others. In the

Eli

meantime let him hide his head and hold his tongue.— Yours sc.,

JAMES DODDS. 6th January, 1903. P.S.—As a further proof of the unreliability of the Depnty Town Clerk's report. I need only refer to the last paragraph thereof, wherein he positively asserts that the whole cost of thelwhole 300 copies of the Non- Trading Commissioner's report was chargeol to the Cor- poration. The fact is that the Non-Trading Association holds the receipt for an account dated December 2nd last for the printing of 150 of the 200 copies they received.

Sir,—Allow me to correct a statement I made in my speech at the Council meeting on Tuesday. I said that Mr. Dodds had handed to the Infirmary all he had received in connection with his membership of the Council and of the County Rate Joint Committee, excepting his actual out-of-pocket expenses. I ought to have said that Mr. Dodds did not even deduct his out-of-pocket expenses. I ought also to have said that of the large amounts Mr. Dodds paid for printing in connection with the bye-elections in Bewsey and Town Hall Wards in October and November last not one penny was paid to Messrs. John Walker and Co. In view of these facts, the miserable attempts of some of the Town Hall officials, and of some members of the Council to connact Mr. Dodds with an attempt to give or divert an order from interested motives is as mean as it is contemptible.—Yours JOHN PENIBERTON. January sth, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
Messrs. John Walker and Co, and Mr. Wilson's Statement.

The following letter has been addressed by us to the editors of the Guardian" and " Observer." Sir,—There are two statements in the report on the above, presented at Tuesday's Council meeting by Mr. Stanley Wilson, which we desire to correct as they have special reference to the disputed printing account. Mr. Wilson did not order 150 copies of the report "at a fair price to be afterwards agreed upon." Such a phrase, or anything equivalent to it, was never used in the course of the interview between Mr. Wilson and our Mr. Walker. Mr. Wilson gave us to understand that the Corporation would not pay any " fancy " price, but he ordered the copies without any farther reference to terms. Mr. Wilson also says in his report : " I have since ascertained that the £23 10s. charged to the Corpora- tion represents the cost of printing the whole 300 copies of the report, of which the Corporation only received 100." This is entirely a misstatement of fact, presum- ably due to some misunderstanding. The charge to the Corporation (of £22, and not £23 10s.) represents the whole cost of typesetting and printing the first 150 copies, and was made in accordance with the arrange- ment which Mr. Wilson verbally agreed to, i.e. that this initial cost should fall upon the Corporation. The charge for the second 150 copies was sent to the Non- Trading Commissioners on December 2nd last, and has since been paid. Yours faithfully, JOHN WALKER & CO. Jan. sth, 1905.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD FOLK'S TREAT.

LARGE GATHERINGS ENTERTAINED AT THE PARR , HALL.

The Examiner, Saturday, January 7,1905.

Salty Ann "in that inimitable style which has estab- lished him in the favours of so many local concert-goers. His efforts provoked great merriment and he was vigorously encored. Mr. Whittle's character songs proved immensely popular and he, too, was recalled. During the interval each of the guests received an orange and a mince pie, and the enjoyable proceedings closed with the singing of the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EISTEDDFOD.

SUCCESSFUL NEW YEAR'S GATHERINGS.

Victory of Crosfield's Band.

=

_„.,,..,-,(",........./.

, It was a happy augury to the new year that the people of Warrington should show their appreciation of local efforts to encourage musical development by making the third annual Eisteddfod, which was held in the Parr Hall on Monday, a greater success than either of the preceding festivals. The promoters have reason to feel pleased with the results of their enterprise, in as much as the transplanting of an essentially Welsh institution to Warrington was a somewhat hazardous undertaking, and required not a little optimism as well as sound management It speaks volumes for the perseverance and capability of those entrusted with the work, that the public are beginning to realise more fully the usefulness of these annual competi- tions which cannot fail to have an influence for good. The choice of date for the third festival was a particu- larly fortunate one. As most people were keeping 1 holiday, and the weather was not favourable to out- 1 door enjoyment, the eisteddfod was a welcome attrac- tion. At the afternoon meeting the attendance was , good, while in the evening the hall was filled and great enthnsiasm was displayed. Several new features which ! aroused keen interest were included in the programme 1 chief among them being the local brass band contest 1 This item was arranged as a wind-up to the afternoon proceedings, and although to the average listener it was perhaps tedious to hear five bands go through the same long selection, each body of instrumental- lists boasted an enthusiastic following who applauded the performances with evident pleasure. The victory of Messrs. Crosfield's band was an immensely popular one. Another new departure was that in the juvenile solo competition,eachreentrant was allowed to render a song of his or her own choice, and the variety proved acceptable. The Rev. W. Wynn Davies, of Liver- pool, conducted each meeting with a geniality which delighted the audience and contributed in no small measure to the general good humour. As musical adjudicator, Mr. Herbert Whittaker, conductor of the famous Blackpool choir which was successful at the National Eisteddfod, discharged his duties—at times rendered exceptionally difficult by very keen competition—in a careful and tactful way. His decisions appeared to give general satisfaction. Mr. James Brier, of Bradford, acted as band adjudicator and the art adjudicators were :—Messrs. Turner and Co., Rylands-street, Mr. J. M. Greenhalgh, Bridge- street, and Mr. H. Bond, Wilderspool Causeway. The afternoon meeting was presided over by Mr. Without the treat to the old folk, Warrington's New Year festivities would certainly be considered incom. E. Lloyd Jones, and in the evening Councillor W, pleto, for of the many charitable efforts put forth at Brough occupied the chair. For the admirable this season, none is more fully appreciated than this arrangements, which resulted in the gathering passing well-arranged function. Year by year the townspeople off without the slightest hitch, special praise is due to who regard it, as a privilege to be able to provide the hon. secretary, Mr. R. W. Cook, who had worked Christmas fare and entertainment for largeassemblies of most assiduously. Mr. C. H. Hoult was an efficient aged guests enter into the spirit of the occasion with increased zest, happy in the knowledge that they are treasurer, and the following committee rendered doing something for the happiness of others less fortun- valuable service:—Messrs. T. Brough (chairman), N. ately placed. How genuine is the appreciation of their Cook, C. Nurse, A. W. Lawson, G. Morrell, E. Walker efforts was shown by the large and happy gatherings and J. Monks. Mr. E. Wilkes, A.L.C.M. discharged which filled the body of Parr Hall on Thursday when the duties of accompanist with taste and skill. • another of the long series of treats was given. At noon about four hundred old men sat down to dinner of roast WORKS GLEE COMPETITION. beef, pork, vegetables, and plum pudding. The number It was pleasing to note that the committee renewed was the largest yet catered for, but such ample prove. their efforts to encourage musical cultuse among the sion had been made that all were thoroughly satisfied employe's at local works, and the works glee competi- The scene had its bright and pathetic sides, for while tion, which formed the opening item at the afternoon there were hale and hearty veterans who attaeked the meeting, afforded evidence of what great progess is he- repast with keen relish, there were others in the ver lug made in this direction. The stirring chorus "Men evening of their days upon whom infirmity and thy of Elarlech " was the test piece, and the following pinch of poverty have told their tale. The oldest guest parties competed : Crosffelds• (Mr. E. Pownall, con- ductor) : P. Walker and Sons (Mr. T. Armstrong) ; it was stated, had attained his eighty-seventh year. A large band of willing workers helped St. Helens Cable Co., (Mr. P. G. George) ; Fletcher, s to dispense the edibles, several of the local clergy being Russell and Co. (Mr. W. Woodcock). In hi alindica- present. The committee and officials, most of whom lion, Mr. Whittaker said that the rendering by :Messrs, looked in at the gatherin were :—Alderman Sutton Crosfields' choir was, on the whole, good but just a . g, (president), Alderman Smethurst (vice-president), little rough. The tenors were rather weak,but the basses Messrs. P. Caldwell and Peter Chritues (hon vice-presi- were a little better. The expression was very well done. dents), Mr. J. J. Nield (hon. treasurer), Mr. T. A. Of Messrs. Walker's party, the adjudicator said the Sutton (hon. secretary), and Messrs. George Pilling. R. voices were of a richer tone, but one of the tenors did Shackleton. C. E. Bunch, Councillor Burton, A. Jolley, not Councillor Forshaw, John Sampson, and George Legge. St. Hquite blend. The expression was fairly good. The elens Cable Company's choir had a bigger tone As usual the meal was prepared under the supervision which was a little rough, and the singers were inclined of Mr. and Mrs. Shackleton, who have undertaken to lose pitch at one stage, but recovered themselves. the work for many years. There was a supply The expression was better than in the preceding choirs, of beer and mineral waters, and after dinner but mo:e freedom and spirit would have been a great improvement. The balance of Messrs. Fletcher,Russell's pipes and tobacco were handed round. It is interesting choir svas the best of the four, and although the voices to note that although the number of men provided for showed a considerable increase, the quantity of beer had not a very "big "tone, the effect was perhaps a consumed was much smaller than usutl.Before the COM- little more musical than in the others. He awarded the pany separated, several short speeches were delivered. Prize to them, mainly on the general effect. The marks Alderman Sutton presided and was accompanied on the were :--1, Fletcher, Russell and Co., (prize of £3), 51 . platform by Alderman Smethurst, Messrs. A. Jolley, 2, St. Helens Cable Company, 50; 3, P. Walker and Sons' W. Rogers, J. Sampson, J. J. Neild, G. Watkins, G. 49 ; 4, Crosflelds', 43. Pilling, T. A. Sutton, R. Shackleton and J. Lister. CFIILDREN'S CHALLENGE SOLO. Alderman Surrosi said they had met once more to There were some pleasing solos in thia.contest which celebrate the anniversary of a treat which had been was open to boys and girls under 16. Four girls were given every year since the time when many of those selected to appear before the audience, and the prize of present were born. From his own knowledge and 3s. and a gold centre medal was awarded to Lena Duck- his connection with the institution, he did not worth, who sang "The Children's Home." Her per- think the treat had in the slightest degree deteriorated formance, Mr. Whittaker said, was the most musical. in importance or value. (Applause). On the contrary, Her voice was sweat in the extreme, and there commencing in a very small way it had gone on pros- was a very touching expression about it.' paring year by year and had received the generous sup. Bertha Robertson, of Rixtoa, who satyr " Farewell ' port of the public to such an extent that the committee Possesses what the adjudicator described as were now'able to prbvide their guests with a good a "huge" voice of line coality. Her singing had all the English Christmas dinner of the most bountiful descrip- elements of success, but it required schooling. Elsie Hon, such as had been partaken of that day. (Applause) Wilkinson, sang" Husheen," and Mr. Whittaker said On behalf of the committee and subscribers, he begged she had a pleasing, sweet voice. The rhythm had to wish all present a happy and prosperous not quite the nice flow that was necessary in the open- new year. (Applause). Might it be as happy ing. Mary Isherwood, of Stockton Heath, rendered and as prosperous a year as any of them had ever "Killarney." Her's, said the adjudicator, was a very experienced. With the revival of trade which they pretty voice and the expression and words were exceed- were led to believe was coming about, he hoped all who ingly good. J. Roberts, of Birkenhead, also chose could work would have full employment throughout the " Killarney" and the adjudicator said that in places hr year. To follow out their usual custom he would now singing was better than the previous competitor's, but ask them to drink very heartily the health of the King. the general effect was not as good. Never was there an English monarch who took a greater PIANOFORTE SOLO COMPETITION. • , interest in the welfare of his subjects than our present For this competition confined to children under I good King. (Applause.) They had inatances reoorded eighteen years of age, the test piece was "Le ch6sir "by almost every day of the noble and generous acts and Henri Cramer. The competitors who had the honour of benefits he was continually conferring upon his people appearing in public were Arthur Evans, of Ashton, and his country. Especially pleasing was it to see that Gertrude Povey, Warrington, and—Chapmen, Stretford. his Majesty seemed to give very great attention to any- Mr. Whittaker gave the first prize of 10s. 6d. to A. thing that concerned the welfare of the poorer classes— Evans who, he said, had a nice light touch quite in fact his sympathy was given in a larger extent to necessary to the piece. In alluding to Gertrude Povey's , them than to any other class. (Applause). playing, he said the general effect was perhaps more The toast was honoured with great enthusiasm, the "taking," but one or two slips occurred. He therefore company singeing the National Anthem. awarded her the second prize of 55. Alderman SUTTON then proposed the health of "the CHILDREN'S cHOIR comer.rrrtox. Queen and other members of the Royal Family," re- The juveniles who took part in this contest showed marking that no King could have a better consort and themselves to have been very carefully trained, and it no nation a better queen than Queen Alexandra. She had entirely wonr the best affections of every indi- s a matter for congratulation that Warrington choir carried off the prize. The competing choirs were : vidual throughou her royal husband's dominions. Youngßritons .r. .H. Morris, (Applause.) Ashton-in-Makerfleld Y (M J R conductor); Silver-street Juveniles (Mr. B. Wadsworth); This toast having been drunk with equal heartiness, Mr. I. JOHNSON voiced the thanks of the asssembly to Sutton United Juvenile Choir (Mr.IW. Knepper); Albert- road Wesleyan. Widnes, (Mr. J. Platt) ; Warrington the comjnittee for providing a meal which, he said, was fit for the King or any nobleman in the land. H Band of Hope Juvenile Choir (Mr. A.Spruce). The test piece was Jude's" Dont forget the old folks," and the trusted the members of the cofiamittee would live for adjudicator said be found fault with all the parties on , many years to come to give similar treats. (Applause.) the ground that their renderings were a little Another aged guest also thanked the Committee and hard. They would have gained, had they adopted wished them a happynew year, the company endorsiog a quieter reading altogether. In regard to the Ashton the sentiments by heartily apnlaudins'. choir the tone on the whole was fair, but the altos were Alderman SUTTON returned thanks. They had, he alittle untrue. The manner in which the first note was I said, an active and energetic committee whose hearts attacked gave the impression that the voices were being and souls were in the work. forced. Dealing with Silver-street Juveniles, he said Alderman SMETHURST moved a vote of thanks to the there was a false start by one of the voices, but the subscribers and the ladies and gentlemen who had performance was more musical than the first, especially assisted in serving the dinner. He made a sympathetic by the sopranos. The altos were rather hard. The allusion to the absence through illness of Mr. Peter choir was inclined to take some liberty in the reading Chrimes, the oldest member of the committee and of the song, but on the whole it was a very good ex-treasurer, expressing the hope that he would soon be interpretation. The Sutton choir had a nice tone, but restored to health. not so full as Silver-street. The sopranos were hard. The men showed their approval of the motion in Aver t full d • Avery warm one,an rich, was produced by the unmistakable style, and the interesting proceedings 1 Widnes choir. After the first verse,the vocalists fell away concluded. 1 ,to a remarkable extent. Had they maintained the form Daring the dinner hoar, Mr. Percy Randall play d t• played 1 displayed a the opening, he would have had no hesita- selections on the organ. i tion in placing them higher. The Watrington Band of Tea and Entertainment. I Hope choir had a thinner tone, but it was very musical he second sooranos were inclined to nredamin ste too There was an equally successful gathering in the I much. On the *tole the performance was not quite so evening when about five hundred aged women set down i good as that of several preceding choirs. He to an excellent tea of sandwiches, currant cakes, ,kc. ! awarded the marks as follows :—Silver-etreet (prize of Their wants were weelatteeded to by numerous ladies ' .63 and gold centre medal for conductor). 52; Ashton- and gentlemen, the Mayoress (Mrs. Bolton) and Miss in-Makerfield, 51; Sutton United, 51; Albert-road, 50 ; IPierpoint lending assistance. After tea an entertain- , Warrington Band of Hope, 49. meat was given and was thoroughly appreciated. ' TENoR SOLO COMPETITION. Alderman Sutton presided and wished all present "A For this competition the test song was "Star of Happy New Year." He expressed the indebtedness of Bethlehem" (Adams) and the competitors who , the committee to the ladies who had helped to prepare figured in the final stage were Mr. Joseph 1 and serve the tea. They were especially pleased to have Derbyshire. Hindlev Green ; Mr. Feed Edwards the Mayoress and Miss Pierpoint with them, and he was Ashton ; Mr. J. Willett. Warrington : Mr. Arthur, I only sorry the Mayor could not attend. Cheetham, Wigan. The prize of 15s. went to Mr. I The workers were cordially thanked on the proposi- Edwards whose voice, the adjudieatorsaid, was superior , tion of Alderman Smethurst. so those of the other vocalists. His words and expres- , An exceptionally attractive programme had been sion were exesedinely good Each singer, said Mr. arranged, and it gave the greatesi; pleasure to the old Whittaker, hat a good voice, together with good style I people. Miss Sexton feelingly sang " Daddy " and and finish. Mr. Willett had a very acceptable tuneful I later was associated with Miss Robertson in a capital voice of good quality, and his wordy and expression f duet. A wing by Miss Robertson was well received, were good. This vocalist, however, disappointed him' Mr. J. Rahbitt was accorded enthusiastic plaudits for in the refrain, for instead of leading up to a fine climax an expressive interpretation of "Mona" and Mr. T, he rather held back a little. More freedom would have Humphries gave that old favourite a The village black- been an improvement. Mr. Derbyshire showed some smith " with fine spirit. There was no lack of humour, nervousness, while Mr. Cheetham, whose performance the assembly being indebted to Mr. H. Hallard and Mr. was perhaps the most artistic, had not a voice quite William Whittle Mr this part of the Programme. Mr. equal in quality to Mr. Edwards's. The marks were H.allard gave" Nomination Day " and" All about our i

millE

',..:.•3' ''';;A'...,:f'..:::,1..,;--.L;:1..1.-;:,•'.'„...:1',.-...-':..';-;:',,,.‘,. ..:.' ',•:-•,,,4;;4.: :;?.::::.:.,'•;...'.,;,.7..;,',..',1ii..Z.:...',...-',,.;.!,:;,',',...1.'....*:',:t;',...::',1:::.'5)'`.,'.,,';.;; i'•:,,::!..!;2:::i..:14‘,..;:.

V". ; '

===== 0002601_19050107_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
allotted as follows :—Nrr. Edwards, 56 ; Mr. Cheetham, 153 ; Mr. Willett, 52 ; Mr. Darbyshire, 52.

FRETWORK.

The prize of ss. for the best fretwork photo frame was awarded to Mr. Thomas Timperley, Warrington.

LOCAL BAND CONTEST.

The afternoon programme concluded with the loos brass band contest for which the test piece was " Stradella " (Flotow). For the first prize Li was offered, and there was a second prize of £2. The fol- lowing bands competed: Crosfield's Brass Band (Mr. W. Halliwell, conductor) ; League of the Cross (Mr. T. Hynes) ; Borough, (Mr. R. Rimmer) ; Legh street, (Mr. F. Podmore),Penketh Tannery,(Mr. W. 11. Harper. The adjudicator listened to the performances from the seclusion of the organ chamber. At the conclusion he said that between three bands the playing had been very close. One mistake some had made was that they appeared to think they were playing in the open air. That was a very fine sounding hall and the least over- blowing soon told. The first prize undoubtedly went to Messrs. Crosfield's band and the second to Penketh Tannery. The decision was received with great enthu- siasm. We have since ascertained that the other bands were placed in the following order :-3, Borough ; 4, League of the Cross ; 5, Legh street.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND CHORAL COMPETITION.

• The evening meeting opened with a competition for church or chapel choirs, "And the glory from the " Messiah" being the chorus selected. Only two choirs competed :—Bewsey-road Wesleyan (conductor, Mr. B. Wadsworth), and Leh-street Primitive Methodist (Mr. A. Spruce). The adjudicator said that any church or chapel possessing a choir as good as the two which had been heard that night, had reason to be very well pleased. There were good voiies and intelligent singers in each choir, and one was only a shade better than the other. The Bewsey-road choir showed good tone in every part, and each part as it entered took up its lead very firmly. The soprano was particularly bright and one might almost find .fault on the ground that it was inclined to predominate, especially in view of the weakness of the altos at times. The rendering was rather too slow and dignified for tho strength of the choir. The Legh-street choir was con- siderably better in the amount of tone in the alto part, and on the general balance and slightly better temp) these were points which weighed in favour of this choir by one mark. The sopranos were harder in quality and not quite so good as in the other choir. The prize was awarded to Legh-street choir amid considerable enthusiasm.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
D'OYLEY'S.

A prize of ss. for the best set of d'oyleys was won by Miss Ethel Pickup.

YOUTHFUL TEM PERA.NCE Ei YISr3.

The Rev. W. WYSS DAVIES saiii he received three children's essays on "Temperance," a prize of ss. bein g offered. The competitors were Elarold Johnson, Thomas Hewitt, and T. Oultra.m. With the exception of a few sentences they could well see the impress of a child's mind on each of the productions. Several rather amusing extracts were quoted, such as the following:-.- "We have no need to drink any bear, spirits, or any kind of wine; if drink were kept out of the home, all the family would perhaps grow up to be Rechabites ; too much intoxication causes heart disease, whioh very quickly kills people ; sometimes intemperate people gather unhealthy fatness, the fat being put down in wrong places, where no fat should be. The prize was obtained by T. Oultmm, Orford View, Longford.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
SOPRANO SOLO COM PET tTros.

The deoisio-n-in -this—C-O-14-et-iti-o-n--Wa's• exceedingly popular, the prize of 15s. going to Miss Carrie Hastings a youthful Warrington singer. The other competitors were Miss :Wynne, of Liverpool, and Miss Marriott, of Liverpool. The song rendered was "The old green isle " (Gordon Temple). The judge said Miss Hastings possessed a voice of beautiful, liquid quality and she had a nice style of delivery. If her voice continued to grow she would have something that Warrington would have cause to be proud of. The marks awarded were : —Miss Hastings 54; Miss Wynne, 52 ; Miss Marriott 52.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
MIXED VOICE QUARTETTE COMPETITION.

The Lyric quartette party, of Warrington, succeeded in winning the prize of 21 for the best interpretation of "Moonlight and music "(Pinsuti). The adjudicator said it was noticeable how evenly balanced the voices were, and the opening of the piece was beautifully sub- ' clued. The marks were given in the following order : Lyric quartette, 55; St. Helen's party, 54 ; Ariso quartette, Widnes, 50; Prince's quartette, Liverpool, 49. It was in the beautful blending of the voices that the Warrington competitors excelled.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
RECITATION COMPETITION.

This was an excellent competition, the Rev. Wynn Davies describing it as "a meeting of the giants." The prize of 73.61. was divided, Ss. being awarded to Nlr. Tom Kenny. Earlestown. and 2s. 61. to Hiss Violet Newbold, Huvton. Nlr. S. Evans, of Liverpool, also had the honour of appearing. The piece selectel was "The Rapids" (J. B. Gough).

===== 0002601_19050107_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
CFIALLENGE SOLO COMPETITION.

Exceptional interest centred in this item, the com- petitors being Mr. Fred Edward Ashton, who sang " How vain is man," Miss A. Woodward, of Stockton Heath, who gave " There's a land ," Mr. E. H. Pearce,of Warrington. who selected "Why do the nations" and Miss Ada Roherts, of Buckley, North Wales, whose effort was "With verdure clad." The prize of 153. and a gold centre medal was awarded to Miss Roberts who, said the adjudicator, gave a capital performance. She possessed a fine voice, and the runs were splendidly executed. Mr. Pearce also came in for commendation, but the adjudicator said that, no doubt in his anxiety to give a spirited rendering, the performance was scarcely dignified enough. Miss Woodward sang very tastefully, but once 2,r twice she was inclined to get out of tune. Mr. Edwards had a tine voice and was unfortunate in missing a lead.

BARITONE OR BASS SOLD. The spirited song "King and country" (Jude) was rendered by Mr. Lewis Greenwood, Widnes; Mr • Woodall, St. Helens: and Mr. C. Rigby, St. Helens. The last-named gentleman gained the prize of 155., the adjudicator remarking that he made a great deal more of the song than the other competitors, his expression being particularly good.

CONTIIALTO SOLO. The final competitors were Miss Woodward, of Stock- ton Heath, Miss JOtieS of Liverpool. and Miss H. Griffiths, of at Helens, the song being "Flight of ages" (Bevan). Miss Griatlas was the winner of the 1.55. prize theadjudicator stating that although her rendering was, alittle'sotnbre,her voicejhad more power than:the others and a good tone. THE CHIEF CHORAL CONIPETETION. WARRINGTON'S CHOIR'S CREDITABLE PERFORNIANCE.

The event of the day was the competition for male choirs, which attracted a capital entry. A silver Clip and £l2 12s. were the first prize, and there was a second award of £2. The test piece Martyrs of the Arena (Da Rifle) --.07,14 splendidly given by the following choirs :—Liverpool Brunswick (con- ductor, Mr. H. E. Marriott) ; Crewe Apollo (Mr. J. Stubbs); Prescot (Mr. H. Berrev); Warrington (Mr. W. S. Nesbitt); Wigan Harmonic (Mr. R. A. Moss); South- port Vocal Union (Kr. J.C. Clarke). Southport proved the premier prize winners, the adjudicator commenting upon their striking unison singing which sounded almost I like one voice. The solo quartette was a capital blend. The attack and tone of the choir were specially notice- able points. The Warrington choir showed good tone of rich quality, especially in the opening I The quartette was not a very good blend, but the general movement of the piece was I exceedingly well chosen. After giving detailed com- ments on the renderings by the other choirs, Mr. Whittaker announced that he awarded the marks as follows :—Southport, SG; Warrington, 5 ; Prescot, 54; IWigan, 54: Crewe, 53; Liverpool, 48. The Wanrington choir's achievement naturally created much pleasure, especially in view of the fact that they were only one marklbehind a well-known organization like Southport. Before the close, the Rev. WYNN DAVIES heartily I congratulated the committee of the eisteddfod on the decided success of both the afternoon and evening meetings. That was the third eisteddfod, and he thought all would agree that it had proved far superior to the other two. Another festival would be held next year, I probably on New Year's Day. He congratulated the I committee on having provided a counter holiday attrac- tion which would elevate the moral, artistic and best 'nature of those who were present. (Applause.) Their I thanks were due to the Chairmen, Councillor Brough and Mr. Lloyd Jones, who had been so considerate as to forego their speeches; and to the ladies who had kindly come forward to invest the winners with their medals, &c. In affairs of this kind there was a vast amount of secretarial work, but in Mr. R. W. Cook they had an admirable secretary who had already developed into an exemplary official. Mr. Holt, the treasurer, was a host in himself, and the general officials and the committee had all worked with tact and energy. With regard to the adjudicator he need only say that no eisteddfod had been so well satisfied as they were with ltfr. Whittaker. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19050107_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
Death of Mr. E. L. Fletcher.

On Thursday a cablegram was received by Mr. W. J. Forshaw, solicitor, Warrington, announcing the ' death that day at Melbourne, Australia, of Mr. Ernest !Lyon Fletcher, eldest son of the late Mr. Thomas Fletcher (founder of the firm of Messrs. Fletcher, I Russell and Co. Ltd., Warrington, Pendleton, and , London). The deceased gentleman was a director of the firm up to the time of his departure for Australia lin 1900. He was formerly a Captain in the Warring- ton Volunteers and for two years held the office of President of the Warrington Rugby Football Club. He was abaut thirty-three years of age. Whilst living at Weaverham Mr. Fletcher, who was of a generous and genial disposition, was extremely popular and the news of his death will be received with great regret. His last visit to' Warrington was made at Christ nas, 1903.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0157.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MOROI

===== 0002601_19050107_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WATER SUPPLY.

OVERSPENDING ON THE RECENT WORKS.

£20,510 to be Borrowed.

COUNCILLOR PEMBERTON'S COMPLAINT.

The requirements of the Warrington Waterworks undertaking were again discussed at the Council meeting on Tuesday, and ultimately the borrowing 0fj£20,510 to continue the works, was sanctioned. Alderman FRANCOMR, chairman of the Water Com- mittee, again introduced the question in the following resolution :—" That the Town Clerk be instructed to apply to the Local Government Board for their sanc- tion to the borrowing of the sum of £20,510 for water works purposes." At the previous meeting of the Council : he moved a similar resolution which however was not carried as the council asked for more informa- tion as to why the money was required. In proposing the resolution on Tuesday Alderman FRANCOALB said: It will be remembe-ed by many members of this Council that by the proposed Water Bill of 1899 it was the intention of the Corporation to purchase land in the Dennow and at Daresburv, in addition to the works at Winwick and Houghton dreen. The scheme, therefore, comprised a much larger exten- sion than the one just completed, and was estimated to cost £282,000. When the Bill was before the House of Commons, owing to the serious opposition offered, it was decided to withdraw the Dennow and Daresbury sections. The estimate was amended accordingly, and sanction obtained for borrowing £147,000 instead of £232,000, as was at first intended. Professor Boyd Dawkins predicted that we should get 1,200,000 gallons of water per day, and that two engines of 90 horse power each would be sufficient to cope with this quantity, and would allow one of the engines to be always resting, so as to be ready in case of a breakdown. But this prediction did not obtain in actual working. Instead of getting 1,200,000 gallons of water per day we got nearly 4,000,000 gallons, and the two small engines had to be abandoned, and we were recommended to purchase the present powerful engines 120 h.p., and pumps, in order to deal with the abundant water supply. It is quite true that we have made all preparations for duplicating the present engine and pumps if it is found necessary to do so, and I think the committee deserve the credit of the ratepayers for looking ahead as they have done. (Hear, hear.) We hope, in the near future to be receiving a large revenue from our customers outside the borough, but who live within our limit of supply, and when that takes place we shall hope to be is aposition to duplicate the engines and pumps at Dolph-lane. On several occa- sions during the last few months the attention of the Water Committee has been informally called to the fact that the £147,000 would not be sufficient to com- plete the whole of the works. On the 7th of November last Mr. Fdirhurst, our borough treasurer, informed the Water Committee that we had overspent the money sanctioned by .C 2,905 Ss. 2d., and requested us to pass a resolution empowering the Corporation to apply to the Local Government Board for power to borrow a further sum of money required to complete the works. At this time the Water Engineer was asked to prepare an esti- mate of the amount of money it would take to complete the works. Well, this has been done, and Mr. Deas gives us the following statement :—Amount overspent on October 31, £2,905 its. 2d.; to complete No. 12 con- tract, sinking wells and retention money, £B,BOO ; duty test of engine and pumps at Houghton Green, £1,060; bitumen lining for reservoir at Winwick, £122 12s. ; cost of laying mains as per agreement, £2,622 55.; to estimated cost of mains within the borough during the next five years, £2,000 : to estimated cost of mains during the next five years outside the borough, £3,000; making £20,510 Bs. 2d. lam pleased to say the work is now finished, and has proved a great success, and we i have an abundant water supply ; n fact, we have more than three times the quantity of water we were ex- pected to get, and I firmly believe we should not have had any extras if we had not had this unexpected quan- tity of water to deal with. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Law- son's contract at Winwick for wells and adits was £24,400, and it had to be regulated by a schedule of prices. Mr, Dees has requested use not to give any more figures, as we may have some litigation over this contract,and we ought not to sacrifice the interest of the ratepayers of Warrington in order to satisfy the idle curiosity of a few people whose sole object in life is to be for ever quarrelling_ and minding everybodys' business but their own. (Hear, bear, and laughter.) Alderman Evalcs seconded.

Councillor PEMBERTON said that at the last meeting of the Council he was told and told very strongly by the Chairman of the Water Committee that he was telling untruths when he said he could not get access to thepapers. Alderman SMETHURST: Is that in the resolution? The MAYOR: Let him speak. Let us see if he can make one straightforward speech. Councillor PEMBERTON continuing said he was a mem- ber of the Water Committee and could therefore claim to know something about contracts and gain certain information which he thought the public of Warrington should knew. He called the previous Friday at the water engineer's office and asked for some information with regard to Lawson's contract—the amount of work done and the amount paid to Lawson. He called at the Water Engineer's office again that morning when he was told by Mr. Dees that he could not see the contract and specifications. While he was talking the chairman of the Water Committee came in and said he could not see the papers giving as his reason that the contract was not finished and as there might be some disputes as to the contract it would not be wise to allow access to the papers at present. As a member of the Water Committee and of the Corpora- tion he did not think it a proper thing that he or any other member of the Corporation should not have access to any paper, document or book which existed. He was told he had made assertions which he could not prove and had therefore no right to make them. In that case he wanted to know what every member of the Council was entitled to know—how mail extra money had been spent. There was an item of £2,900 which was put down as overspent, and which, as it was not in the original Parliamentary power was rather misleading. On Lawson's account alone there was already overspent some £B,OOO. It was to ascertain where that money had gone that he made appli- cation to see the papers, and he thought it a breach of the privilege of the members of the Council that he should be denied access to those papers. The overspending in committees was a very serious matter. The chairman of the Water Committee told them they found too muchilwater so the committee put down one engine instead of two. All he could say was that they must have found out very soon that they had too much water as the engine was ordered two years ago, and over two years ago they let the contract for the building of a larger engine house whereas if they had had two smaller engines the old engine house would have been sufficient. He asked the Council to reject the motion until they had had the proper facts placed before them and until they knew exactly what Was the position-of the Water Committee in the matter. Alderman Francomb hoped the Corporation would hive larger custom for their water. He (the speaker) also hoped the same as they were likely to have a deficiency of something like £2,800 That was a very serious thing and if it had to be met immediately out of the rates it would mean something like OH. in the E. The MA.YOR : The Borough Treasurer says it is not so._

Councillor PEMBERTON : The figures were given by Mr. Fairhurst to our committee. If we pay theprincipal and interest we will spend something like £2,800 more than our income. p Alderman FRANCOMB : You must have been dreaming. Councillor PEMBERTON: I have often wished a short- hand report was taken of committee meetings and of what is said at such meetings because it is very annoy- ing for certain things to be said in committee, and when I repeat them in the Council to be told I am wronF. The MAYOR : That is not on the minutes. It is not argument. lam trying to keep as quiet as possible. Councillor SMETHURST : lam sure you are. Councillor Pemberton continuing said that in the original bill there was a sum set down for mains re- quired and for the extension of mains. What had be- come of the sum and how was it that the Chairman of the Water committee now asked for another £5,000 for r mains?

Alderman Pftiticoms : It has been spent in the ordinary way of business. Councillor PEMBERTON continuing, maintained that the Council should be taken fully into the confidence of ths chairman of the, committee before they author- ised that the money should be spent. He thought if he was to be trusted by the ratepayers he ought to be trusted with information with regard to Lawson's con- tract and ought not to be refused information to which he was entitled.

Councillor Loan: I must strongly protest against the action of the Chairman of the Water Committee and the Water Engineer. I think it is preposterous. The HAyou: You can bring a motion if you like but it is not on the minutes. Have you any reason why this motion should not be passed? 1 Councillor LORD: I object to its being passed on 1 the ground that one of the members of the committee iwas refused information upon the question. Councillor TnrsroN said he had been trying to get at the truth of the statements made by Councillor Pemberton and was informed that the contract and quantities were sealed up e the time the contract was given and were sealed at the present time. Therefore it was impossible for CouncillorPemberton to see those documents. He thought that should be a satisfactory reason why he should be refused permission to see them. Councillor PEMBERTON: The contract was not sealed. ' I myself saw it on a table in the Water Engineer's office ; this morning. ' The TOWN CLERK : Several legal questions arising from the contract are in my hands and it is not advis- ablelthat the Council should at present have the figures. ; Alderman EVANS remarked that at the last meeting I of the Council Councillor Pemberton challenged any , member of the Water Committed haying information i / 1

to produce figures with regard to Lawson's contract. He had a certificate dated the 17th October which gave the amount of work executed, the amount paid and the amount trequired to be immediately paid. That certifi- cate showed the committee were overspent to the extent of £2,400. The reason of that overspending had been explained and was, he considered, very satisfactory. Councillor Tmxiox : I find I misunderstood the officials as to the meaning of the word sealed. I under- stood that meant placed in an envelope and sealed, whereas it meant placed under the Corporation seal. The TOWN CLERK : The specifications and prices were actually sealed in an envelope. Councillor BARTON thought every member of the Council should have every facility to make himself acquainted with the business of the Council. and it should be understood that nothing should be withheld. The MAYOR: There are certain things which cannot be made public. Continuing he said the estimate was £147,000, whereas they would have to spend £167,510, because the estimated quantity of water was 1,250,000 gallons against 4,000,000 gallons which they actually got. It was estimated they would supply a population of 60,000 whereas they could supply a population of 200,000. It was the increase in the amount of water which necessitated , the extra expenditure. That money conld only be got by borrowing from the Local Government Board or by being directly obtained from the rates, and he did not think any member of the Council would say they should increase the rates by is. fid. in the £ and pay the money , at once.

Councillor LORD: Are we to understand the figures given by Alderman Francomb are vouched for by him or are they figures from the water engineer, and if so will the borough treasurer back them up ! The INUYOR : That is a matter of detail. If the figures are incorrect the Chairman of the Committee or r. Deas can be brought to book. Councillor STOTT said he had a great deal of sympathy with the Water Committee, but he thought every coin- mitteelshould keep the Council in touch with the actual expenditure._

Alderman FR 'LNCOMn stated the figures he had given were from the Borough Treasurer. A great deaf had been said about getting information, but he could assure the Council that every member of his committee knew as much as he did. He never kept the slightest thing back, as he had no reason to do so. Councillor Pember- ton was told he could have all the papers possible, but that he could not have anything they did not want to go before the public. Councillor Pemberton had a peculiar way of twisting the truth. Councillor PEMBERTON: I protest on personal grounds. I was not shown a single paper with regard to this contract.

Councillor HORROCKS : I went with Councillor Pembertbn and everything he asked for was denied him. The motion was then pat to the vote and carried by a majority of 22 to four. The voting was: For the motion, Aldermen Francomb, Hutchinson, Smethurst, Bennett and Evans, Councillors Wilkinson, Hulse, Roberts. Ashcroft, Clegg, Forshaw, Magian, Wilson, Barton, Burton, Sankey, Stott, Wright, Fulton Smith, Ellison, Tinnion and the Mayor. Against the motion, Councillors Lord, Pembert,on,Benson and Horrocks.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS. Rugby Football. (By " Ovalist";

Warrington have spoiled their honourable record for the old year. Prior to Saturday they had not lost one of this season's home matches, but on absolutely the last day of 1091 they succumbed po Leigh and for- feited their badge of merit. I, and indeed all their supporters, had hoped that they would preserve the , spotless home certificate throughout the season, but the unexpected happened. The first meeting between Warrington and Leigh this season was the opening match of the tourney and Warrington triumphed by 16 points to 2 points. They consequently looked upon the return as a "good thing," but Fate upset the applecart so to speak. Not one of the regular three- quarters was available on Saturday, while several reserve men were also ineligible, so that the club was indeed in a sorry plight. They made a brave fight, however, and Leigh's win by 5 points to 2 was some- what lucky.

The match was of more than average importance for only one point separated the clubs in the South- West Lancashire Competition the trophy for which is in Warrington's possession. Consequently the struggle was a keen one from start to finish with the issue always in doubt. Warrington had a threequarter line cmsist- ing of Kenyon, Brooks, Hockenhall and Short, who gave a very fair account of themselves everything considered. But they lacked scoring power, as was manifest throughout the whole of the second half. The blame for the defeat lies primarily on the half backs, however. Di Davies and Duckworth are about the weakest pair Warrington could have selected, and they never made any headway throughout the game. They are poor tacklers in addition; as was plain when Burgess scored the winning try for Leigh. The efforts to stop him were, well, simply girlish.

It was a great blunder on the part of the Com- mittee to play these two. Either Forster or Thomas would have done far better, for both possess the dash and strength which was obviously -required and—they can tackle! I can't imagine Burgess forcing his way over the line with either of these two men in the vicinity. It seems to me that the changes have been rung often enough on nail backs whose failings are well known. Duckworth, for instance, though a grand trier, has neither the strength nor skill for the first team, and the fact has been well- known for years. Why the Committee should fall back on him is a puzzle, and it certainly reflects great discredit on their judgment. Let us see some pluck in the way of an experiment ! Put Hockenhall and Thomas behind the pack, and there will at any rate be some energy imported into this department of the game. The men whn have operated of late, with the single exception of Hockenhall, have been terribly feeble.

The•result of Saturday's match was a great disap- pointment to the Warrington crowd. They had looked forward to the humbling of the cocky Leighites but the process did not materialise. A different result c3old hardly be expected from the team Warrington put in the field, but the fact remains that the locals had far more of the game than the visitors after the first quarter of an hour. It was in this period that the damage was done. Leigh went off with desperate energy, and a series of attacks culminated in Burgess scoring against his old comrades. He had been simply dithering to get over, and weak tackling gave him his chance. Dunbavin placed an easy goal. Warring- ton's response was full of determination and Kenyon once got through but he had been in touch. Event- ually Pieston landed a penalty goal at the third attempt,and on turning round there were only 3 points between the teams.

Leigh were only in the home quarter twice in the second half so, strongly did the Warrington forwards play, and so well did Hallam kick. But they were content to defend, and the constant punt- ing into touch grew monotonous in the extreme. Once Warrington were very unlucky. A rush by the forwards caused Durthavin to miss his mark, and the ball was legitimately carried over, but a premature I whistle by the referee who thought the mark would be made, nullified the point. There were various efforts afterwards, but the halves made such poor use of the ball that Warrington were easily kept out.

The best men on the home side were undoubtedly Hallam and Hockenhall, who both did all that could be expected of them. Kenyon and Brookes did fairly well, in fact I might say that the wing man played excellently under the circumstances. He certainly I showed better form than heretofore. Among the ' forwards, who all worked hard, Thomas and Boardman were always prominent. The heeling out was slow at times, and here Leigh had an advantage which was of great service to Burgess and Dunbayin. These two played soundly, but they might have done more to make the game attractive. Johnson was the best of the Leigh threequarters and he kept the home defence on the qui vivi. As a team, however, Leigh did not create a very bright impression. They have not yet forsaken of the close tactics which detract so much from their play and keep scoring on either side down.

Leigh's success gives them the premier position in the South West Lancashire Competition by a point Had Warrington won they would hi ye held such a commanding position that they would prol9ably have had no difficulty in retaining the cup, but they will require now to fight hard for the laurels. Both teams have four matches to play so that anything may happen. Leigh's four matches, St. Helens, Wigan, Runcorn, and Widnes, are all away, while Warrington still have St. Helens at home, and Wigan, Runcorn, and Widnes away. The team with the best chance of finishing at the top, how- ever, is Wigan, for with five matches to play they have four at home, viz., St. Helens, Widnes, Warring-

ton, and Leigh, the away match being at Runcorn. The Competition is therefore in a very interesting state.

The South-West Lancashire League table up-to-date is as follows :

• For. Against. P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. Pts Leigh Warrington 6... 4... 1... 1...10 7 41... 3 2 12... 9 Wigan St. Helens 6... 2... 3... 1... 4 7 29... 3 8— 30... 5 Widnes Runcorn

Oldham's position at the bead of the League table was somewhat weakened during the week-end by a defeat at Halifax, but they still possess a useful lead. Broughton Rangers missed a fine chance of shortly getting to the head of affairs when they failed to win at Wakefield on Saturday. The Trinitarians have thus taken four points from the Rangers—points which may make all the difference to the Wheater's field crowd when final positions come to be allocated.

The League table up-to-date is as follows :

—For-- ----Against— P. W. L. D. G. T. Pts. G. T. Pts Pts. Oldham 19...14...5 ... 0...27 33-153...18 15— 76...28 Bradford 19...12... 5... 2...20 30-130...18 22-102...25 Brou'en R 18...12... 5... 1...19 34-140...22 16— 92...25 Hunslet 19...12... 7... 0...39 23-147...13 18— 80-21 Leeds Wigan 18...10... 7... 1...17 23-109...23 16— 94-21 Hull K.R 19...10... 9... 0...27 26-132...17 21— 97...20 'Waregt'n 18... 9... 7... 2...19 23-107...15 14— 72...20 Salford 18...10... 8... 0...25 26-120...19 26-116...20 Swinton 20... 9...10... 1...13 25-101...23 24-118...19 Hull 18... 8. 8. 2...16 23-101...19 24-110...18 Leigh Hal:fax Widnes Wakefield 19... 6...12... 1...22 9 73...21 23-111...13 St. Helens 17... 5...11... 1...21 19— 99...27 45-189...11 Runcorn ' BLtley lB 4...13... 1...17 14— 76...26 31-145... 9

Warrington have another visit to Yorkshire to-day, and in:the light of recent"performances their supporters will not have much hope of their Emcees. at Halifax. Warrington, nevertheless, should stand a fair chance if at all well represented on the field. They always play a good game at Hanson-lane, and in addition they will find the home team in probably a worse plight than themselves. Little, the full-back, played during a big part of the game with Oldham on Monday, with a fractured shoulder bone, which will keep him off tho football field for four or five weeks. This is had luck for Halifax, for they have already four players hors de combat, Drummond, with a fractured rib, Joe Riley with a damaged thigh, Nettleton suffering from ',Mod poisoning, and Wedgwood from a severe attack of influenza. As Leigh profited by Warrington's misfortunes last week, so may Warrington profit at Halifax. They should certainly go away with considerable hope. The absence of Little alone means a good deal to the I visiting side. In times past he has usually kicked a deciding goal against Warrington.

There have been some important alterations in the composition of the team for to-day's visit to Halifax Both halves have been dropped, and an experiment is made by selecting Short to partner Hockenhall behind the scrummage. I have not much hope of this change proving very successful, for Short lacks the required dash for such a position, but he should do as well as either of the men he has replaced. Isherwood and Fish return to the threeqnarter line, while Brooks and Kenyon retain their places. In the forwards Jolley takes the place of Cook.

The team is: Hallam, full back; Fish, Isherwood, Brooks and Kenyon, threeq carters; Flockenhall and Short, half backs; Boardman, Preston, Thotuas, Shugars, Belton, Jolley, Swift, and Harmer, forwards.

The "A" teauaers were very unfortunate last week Owing to the demands of the first fifteen they had to Iniake the journey to Leigh with only eleven men and were beaten by a goal to nil. Though so severely handicapped the Warrington lads had the best of the game and deserved to win. Forster played a poor game at half and lost several chances. He also spoiled his prospect of promotion to the first team. This defeat, added to the loss of a paint through the Chadderton match, may rob Warrington of the championship, for Wigan now hold a strung lead.

The combination table up-to-date is as follows P. W. L. D. G. T. Pts. G. T. Pts. Pts. Wigan (A)..12...10... 1... 0...31 53-221... 5 5 25...21 W'gton (A)11... 8... 2...1 ...13 30-116... 4 10— 38...17 Chaddorton.l2... 8... 3... 1...18 17— 77...13 15— 71...17 WidnQs (A).10... 5... 3... 2... 7 9 41... 7 17— 55...12 11,(A)11... 6... 5... 0... 9 21— 90... 5 10— 40...12 St. (A)...12... 5... 6... 1...17 24-106...14 27-109...11 Swinton (A)12... 5... 7... 0...12 21— 87...10 23 95...10 Leigh (A)...13... 4... 7... 2... 8 15— 61...13 19— 83...10 Oldham (A)11... 4... 6... 1... 9 27 99...14 17— 79... 9 Runcorn(et)ll... 4... 7... 0... 6 15— 57...21 19— 99... 8 Salford (A)10... 2... 6... 2... 5 8— 34...18 31-129... 6 R'd'leH.(A)l3... 2...10... 1... 9 9 40...24 51-201... 5

_ To-day the "A" team indulges in another " friendly" with Salford St. Barts, and the following team has been picked :—Knight, full back ; Roberts Berry, A. N. Other, and Jordan, three-quarters •D. Davies and Duckworth, half backs ; Forster, Lunt, Morrison, Coleman, and Cook, forwards. The A. N. Other at centre is a Welsh three-quarter, whom Warrington are giving a trial.

===== 0002601_19050107_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
Hockey. [By R.G.P.]

Last week Stockton Heath journeyed to Sale with rather a weak team, being minus E. E. Woods, S. Baxter and Edo Fairclough, and in consequence had to submit to a severe beating, the horns side winning by no less than sto nil. For this defeat no excuse can be raised, except that Stockton Heath met a superior side.

The Sale ground was in beautiful condition, being almost fit to play tennis on, so even aud smooth was the turf. Now although this is an ideal state of things for good hockey, yet the Stockton Heath club are not accustomed to play on such a fast ground, where the ball comes running aloug just like a billiard ball, and can be at once played with the stick, without first lain the hands or feet,and were thus at a great disadva--

Ivantage.

For Stockton Heath the backs played a sound game, especially J. Richardson at centre-half. The!forwards played well for the first quarter of an hour, but after that went all to pieces, and could make no headway against the Sale halves. L. Robson playing a beautiful game, his stick work being very fine.

-- The second eleven, or rather a team turned out to represent the second, as what with the new year holi- days, players being taken as substitutes for the first, and three suffering from injuries, the side that turned out was weak, and consequently a strong second team like Sale had a very easy time and eventually ran out winners by 7-0.

-- However it is pleasing to hear that R. Dolan who turned out for first time at hockey, playeda good game Hawkins also played a good defensive game for the home side.

To-day the club play Timperley Ist and 2nd, when the following will represent Stockton Heath :-Ist (away), R. G. Pierpoint (goal), E. E. Woods and E. Pierpoint (backs), J. Richardson, H. Kirkconnel, and L. Fairclough (halves), C. H. Bond, S. Baxter, W. Longdin, W. Richardson and D. Skelton (forwards). Train leaves Arpley 1.13 (to Broadheath). Referee, Mr. N. W. Bellamy.

2nd (home), F. G. Kartland (goal), P. B. Hawtin and J. Oliffe (backs), A. Hodkinson (captain), H. Smith and G. Hatton (halves), A. N. Other, W. Tinnell, T. Cro ton, W. Howard, and A. Ferguson (forwards). Bully-oft 2.30.

--- Last Monday Cheshire defeated Middlesex at Oxton by 4-1. The Southerners never seemed to find their feet, for although they had several good chances they either shot wide, or dallied too long. On Tuesday they met Lancashire at West Derby, and were trounced by 4-0:

-- The following are some of last week's results, played on the ground of first named snail cases. Chester 2. Formby 5. Bowden 6, South Manchester 0. Brooklands 0, Timperley 3. New Brighton Wand. 3, West Derby 0. Hutton 1, Northern 5. Alderley Edge 1, Oxton 0. Sale 5, Stockton Heath 0. Stockton Heath 11. 0, Sale II 7.

Deaths. FLETCHER—On January sth, at Sydney, Australia, Ernest Lyon Fletcher, of Warrington.—(Reuter's)

Warington.—Printed and published by JOHN W ALUM & CO., at The Examiner General Printing Woks Beweey-street, and published by them at the same place,and also at The Examine Offices, Victoria-road, WIDNES : 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS; 3, Market. street, EARLESTOWN; Church-street RUNCORN, Jan. 7th, 1804.

,

===== 0002601_19050107_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CHURCH. BEWSEY STREET WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JANUARY BTH. SERMONS BY REV. J. YONGE. Hourca :-10.30 A.m.. AND 6.33 P.M. N B. The ORDINANCE OF THE LORD'S Supper after EVENING SERVICR,—As this is the first Communion of this year, Church Members are all Earnestly invited to attend. A very cordial invitation is offered to former Wycliffe Members to visit their old Church on this 00355100. USUAL OFFERTORIES. THE MANCHESTER AND LIVERPOOL DIS- TRICT BANKING COMPANY, LIMITED. NOTICE. AN ORDINARY MEETING of the Shareholders of the Company will be held at the HEAD OFFICE, SPRING GARDENS, MANCHESTER, on WEDNESDAY, the 18th DAY of JANUARY. 1905, at Twelve o'clock noon. to receive the Report of the Dire'iters and the Balance Sheet of the Company as at 31st December, 1904, to Declare a Dividend and elect Directors and Auditors. li_e Transfer B3oks will be closea from the 4th to the 18th instant, both inclusive. P.l. RAIVISAY. Manager. Itanotestel-, 3rd Jawasry,l9os PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH, LEGH ST. WARRINGTON. SUNDAY NEXT, JANUARY BTH, 1905. IN THE UVENING AT 6.30. THE CHOIR WILL REPEAT BY REQUEST PART OF THE MESSIAH SERVICE. SOLOISTS : SOPRANOS. OoNTRILTOS. MISS A. BRIDGE. MISS L. FAIRHURST. MISS A. WOODLAND. MISS L. SNELLING. TENON. BASS. MR. J. H. CORBIN. MR. B. H. PEARCE. A.L.C.M. ORGANIST :—MR. V. PODMORE, ASSISTED BY MASTER B. CLAT WORTHY. CONDUCTOR :—MR. A. SPRUCE. COLLECTION IN AID OF CHURCH FUNDS.

WARRINGTON P.S.A. SOCIETY, CO-OPERA- TIVE HALL. SANKEY-STREET. TWELFTH ANNIVERSARY. TO-MORROW (SrsDAY). JANUARY BTH. 1975. CHAIR TO BF. TAKEN AT 3 O'cLocK BT MR. R NELSON. SPEAKER : MR. E. WYNNE JONES. THE SILVER-STREET JUVENILE PRIZE CHOIR WILL RENDER SELECTIONS. CONDUCTOR MR. B. WADSWORTH. EVERYBODY WELCO ME. W ARRINGTO N SAVINGS BANK ASTABLISHED 1818. A BRANCH BANK UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF THE TRUSTEE ' SAVINGS BANK, WARRINGTON, WILL BE OPENED AT 5, QUEEN ST., EA.RLESTOWN, ON MONDAY, THE 16TH JANUARY, 1975, AT 3 O'CLOCK PM. 1393/ DEPOSITORS IILvE eAvED £348.387 19. 111. SURPLUS ASSETS £6974 10s. 5i BUSINESS HOURS : MONDAYS 3 TO 5 P.M. FRIDAYS 3 To 5 P.M. AND 6 TO 8 P.M. IN THE EVENING.

CAMERAs FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 71. OXFORD ROAD, MANCHESTER.

VIOLINS, BOW AND CASES. ATANDOLINES, CRIMES, BANJOS. lvi I STRINGS of the Finest Quality. ARTISTIC Repairing in all its branches. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Obanot). 57, RENSHAW-STREET (Corner of Benson-street), LIVERPOOL.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, INVALUABLE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA •4., .. . AND ALL KINDRED AIL niYALIVS. , - This cld and tried remedy has stook the test ')! two generations. REFUSE to put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The ORIGINAL can ballad of ALL CHEMISTS If you let it be seen that you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE • IS THE NAME , 3s. IlD• 28. 9n.. 41. SD.. THE PRICES. ----.—.—

NIACDONALWS HIGH-CLASS:PATENT ARTIFICIAL TEETH Are CONSTRUCTED BY A NEW SCIENTIFIC METHOD from well-tried materials only. They are firmly, yet painlessly adjusted to the mouth by means of Patented Suctions. No bulky plate or unsightly wiresare used. These advantages, withltheir dainty, natural appearance have given klacdonald's Teeth their long-standing reputation for reliability, fit and appearance. Every set guaranteed to give entire satisfaction SETS 20S. GOLD INLAY 40S. MACDONALDS, ST. HELENS, 86, CHURCH-ST. AT WANLIBSES, DRAPER, MONDAYS, 11 IO 7.30 WARRINGTON, 33, SANKEY-ST 0. 9"21.0. :I a F.DREeseEti WZ1310.1,104.75.1 to 7.30 LIVERPOOL. 69, CHURCMIST. ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M MANCHESTER, 29, PICCADILLY, ATTENDANCE DAILY 9 A.M. TO 8 P.M.

WANTED THE PRESENT ADDRESS of JAMES CONWAY, last beard of at 22, Broad Oak Road. —. Re is wanted by the unde,-mentioned in regard to some farm property at Klidromin,Kilteely. Co., Limerick. —Address Jowsr HOGAN, Knockroe, Kilteely, Co. Limerick, Ireland.

NAME-PLATES IN GILDED GLASS OR ENGRAVED BRASS Enamelled Letters and Tablet Letters in Glass, Metal or Wood. Motor Numbers. BAXENDALE'S. MILLER STREET. MANCHESTER.

HAIN. COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz , COVERLETTE I TAILS OF ) FROM HAIR FRAMES, PURR 5/6 FROM 3/8 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

rrHE CORPORATION OF WARRINGTON is pre- pared to receive LOANS, either at six months' notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Bowman TREASURER, Municioal Offices. Warrington.

EXPERIENCED Male and Female NURSES at a moment's notice f ,r all cases. —Apply NURSES INSTITU- TION, Hope 'House, Hope st., Liverpool. Telephone 2570, Royal. Telegraphic Address, " Nurses,"

M ISS ETHEL SPINES WILL RESUME HER LVI DANCING AND iHYSICAL CULTURE CLASSES AT TOFT'S ASSEMBLY ROOMS. BRIDGE-STREET, on WEDNESDAY EVENING, JAN, THURSDAY JAN. 12nr. SATURDAY MORNIiIG, JAN. 14Ta. Private Lessons given by appointment. For PROSPECTUS apply 4, SALI9I3URY ST., WARRINGTON.

MR. T. BOOTHROYD, PROFESSOR OF THE VIOLIN. CONDUCTOR Sta. ; ACCEPTS ENGAGEMENTS WITH HIS ORCHESTRAS (STRING OR POW. CONCERTS, BAZAARS. DRAMATIC SOCIETIES AT HOMES, 3cc. TERMS for Engazements, lessons Am.—Apply THE "STUDIO" 9, SUEZ STRERT, WARRINGTON, OR 18. CAWDOR STREST, STOCKTON HEATH.

A. AND J. M'LAINE, PAWNBROKERS, JEWELLERS, AND SILVERSMYTHS, 17, RICHMOND-STREET, WHITECHAPEL, LIVERPOOL, One minute'. walk: from Church-street, Lord-etreet, and G.P.O. Money len: at lowest rates on Diamonds. Gold and Silver Jewellery. Plate and Negotiable Property of every description. 0:0 GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. All transacti,as in accordance with Actof Parliamep tictest an 1 •• ralz,htforward leaning c-mbined A CHUMS SELECTION of GENUINE JEWELLERY, Silver Plate (At tigue and Modern), Bronzes, China, Marble Clocks, Pictures, ao., ac.. always on Bale. We are now offering some Special BAR'SAINS in DIAMOND JEWELLERY. LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S RINGS, SCARP PINS, BROOCHES, Ezo., .1c We respectfully solicit intending purchasers to inspect our Stock before deciding on their purchases. ENQUIRIES BY POST RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. JEWELLERY REPAIRS, Alterations and Mountings of all kinds, Skilfully and Promptly done. Lowest Prices In Liverpool for Gold Chains. Carefully aelectea Stock of GOLD BROOCHES BRACELETS, &a. GOLD and SILVER WATCHES. DRESS and ENGAGEMENT RINGS at prices to suit all pockets. M'LAINE'F RICHMOND e"/ fREET LIVERPOOL

PICTURE FRAME MOULDINGS. CARD BOARDS, MOUNTS, AMERICAN OAK (Plain and Polished), PICTURES. AMATEURS AND THE TRADE SUPPLIED. SHOW CARDS & PICTURES FRAMED TO ORDER. L. COHNSTERN & CO., 10, BRADSHAW ST., SHUDEHILL, MANCHESTER_

M E PS. THOS. CLARK WILL CARRY ON THE BUSINESS OF STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT AT THE "EXAMINEE!" OFFICE, 33, MARKET STREET, BARLESTOWN, As before, and sincerely hopes to receive the same patronage as bestowed on her late husband for upwards of 40 years.

A SAFE INVRSTMENT. FOR LXRGE OR SMALL INVESTORS. PAMPHLET POST NM. TUB CoNTINBNTAL PRBMIUM BONDS O. 31, WEST SUNNISIDE, SUNDERLAND.

CLEARANCE SALE OF WINTER DRAPERY GOODS, FOR FOUR WEEKS. COMMENCING THIS DAY, (SATURDAY) JANUARY 7TH, 1905. 141NOLEUMS MEASURED AND FITTED FREE OF CHARGE. WILCOCK & SADLER (LATH WITH MESSRS. J. AND W. DUTTON), CAIRO-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FOR FURNISHING IRONMONGERY OF EVERY DEL!. iN TRY J. S. GARLAND, 51. 53, Sr, ji 5, BRIDGE STREET, WA RRINGrTON. SPECIAL DEPARTMENTS FOR THE FOLLOWING : KITCHEN RANGES, FIREGRATES, CHIMNEY PIECES AND TILES. WuOD MANTELS IN OAK, MAHOGANY, WALNUT, An. FURNISHING:IRONMONGERY IN ALL ITS BRANCHES. GLASS, CHINA, EARTHENWARE, AND KITCHEN UTENSILS. CUTLERY, SILVER AND ELECTRO PLATE. ALSO BRASS AND COPPER WARE, Suitatle for Presents. LARGE STOCKS. INSPECTION INVITED.; SATISFACTION GUAR A NTE

CLEARANCE SALE COMMENCING JANUARY 10TH. SPEC lAL REDUCTIONS. GIRLS' SILK DRESSES, ALL SIZES. GIRLS' COLOURED DRESSES, ALL SIZES. INFANTS' FROCKS, CREAM & COLOURED. CREAM COSTUMES. GIRLS' COATS AND JACKETS. A SPECIAL LOT OF GIRLS' AND INFANTS' MILLINERY. GIRLS' HATS FROM is. INFANTS' HATS FROM 9AD. EONNETS FROM Sip. INFANTS' ROBES, CLOAKS, GOWNS, FLANNELS &c., AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. LADIES' AND: CHILDRENS' UNDERCLOTHING, WOOL AND CALICO. A SPECIAL LOT OF WOOL COMBINATIONS, BODICES, VESTS, NIGHTDRESSES &c. VERY CHEAP TO Cl EAR. A SPECIAL LOT OF CORSETS TO BE CLEARED AT VERY LOW PRICES. MISSES WOODS, io, RYLAN DS ST., WARRINGTON.

E. COATES, (LATE WITH W. HODGKINSON, LIMITED.) 72, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST VALUE IN HOUSEHOLD LINEN. FURNISHING DRAPERY, CARPETS AND LINOLEUMS.

1901-5. AUTUMN AND WINTER STYLES IN MEN'S OVERCOATS AND SUITS. IN YOUTHS' OVERCOATS AND SUITS. IN BOYS' OVERCOATS AND SUITS. A Nice Variety in LITTLE BOYS' FANCY OVERCOATS in SHOWERPROOF MATERIALS and LATEST STYLES. M.C.D. READY FOR WEAR OVERCOATS. OR M.C.D. MADE TO MEASURE. OVERCOATS. ALL M.C.D. FROM SHOWERPROOF OVERCOATS. CLOTHS. M.C.D. LARGEST VARIETY OVERCOATS. OF M.C.D. PATTERNS TO 13P1 OVERCOATh. SEEN ANYWHERE. M.C.D. 16/8 to 35/. OVERCOATS. MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 & io, HORSEMARKET STREET.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY, UNDER THE CLOCK, BRIDGE S ritEET, WALRRINGTON. LARGEST BOOT WAREHOUSE IN THE COUNTY. 100,000 PAIRS IN STOCK. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S EVENING SHOES IMMENSE VARIETY. UNDER THE CLOCK.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPCO.L, FRAIdn MAHER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents. School Prises, ito. Terms Moderate A FINE COLLECTION OF PHOI:OGEAPHS for Orystolettm and Panel Fainting. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS. Also Copies of Pictures in the riontinentel Galleries.

GREAT WINTER SALE, COMMENCING THIS DAY (SATURDAY) JAN. 7TH. 14.VERYTH1NG REDUCED IN PRICE. COSTUMES, MANTLES, FURS, BLOUSES, MILLINERY, CORSETS. UNDERCLOTHING, SKIRTS, UMBRELLAS, GLOVES, HOSIERY, RIBBONS, ALL TO BE CLEARED AT REDUCED PRICES. ALL DRESS MATERIALS, SILKS AND DRESS TRIMMIN3S REDUCED FOR THE SALE, AND SPECIAL REDUCED PRICES GIVEN FOR DRESSMAKING. LINOLEUMS AND OILCLOTHS LAID FREE. HOUSEHOLD LINENS, Szc., HEMMED AND MARKED FREE. JAMES ATKINSON, 7, 11, AND 13, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

& W. DUTTON HAVE COMMENCED THEIR WINTER SALE IMPORTANT REDUCTIONS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. 16, 18, & 20, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD LID BITTER ALBS ALLSOPP'S HUD LID BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'h HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had to CASK or BOTTLES f roc+ B. CUNNINGHASI! WINWICR ROAD, WARRINGTON. Also Manufacturer of HIGII CLASS MINERAL WATERS In Screw-atoppered Buttlea Telephone No. 119. STORES. OWEN STREET

ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER Office and Salerooms No.l, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE. No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GOODS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New rid Second-band Fmniture and other Goods constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection invited Furnitme. &a.. warehoused.

GEDDESS DANDELION COFFEE The best aLd cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Draggists,t‘ %nide, M., 10d., and Is. Scl. each. Wholesale by I. GBDDBB LAD SON. LTD WARBINGTOt ESTABLISHED 1833.

B. NAT ADS WORTH, SOLE AGENT FOR THE WORLD-FAMED PIANOS or JOHN BROADWOOD & SONS. ADDRESS: 59, SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON

SMOKE SUDLOW'S "OLD BOYS" TOBACCO. COOL AND LASTING. D. PER OUNCE; Is. 7D. PER ILB. TIN; 6s. PER LB. T. SUDLOW & GO., WHOLESALE I.ND RETAIL CIGAR MERCHANTS. 15. WINWICK ST., WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE 414 Y.

HARGRAVES TOBACCOS. ) ESTIB. HARGRAVES' CIGARS 71 YEARS. HARGRAVES' etIGARETTES. ~.) MANUFACTORY : SWAN-MERL MANCHESTBR.

HOOFING COUGH The celebrated effectual cure without Internal HOOFING COUGH medicine. HOOFING COUGH. -- OE ali Chemists price HOOFING COUGH 4s• per bottle. Sole Wholesale Agents : BRONCHITIS IV. EDWARDS & EON, CROUP 157, Queen Victoria Street, Loudon. ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

AWONDERFUL DISCOVERY.—Thia is the age of research and experiment, when all nature, so to speak, is ransacked by the scientific for the comfort and happiness of man. Science has indeed made giant strides during the past century, and among the—by no meanslleast Important—discoveries in medicine comes that of THRRAPIONi This preparation is unquestionably one of the most gen- uine and reliable Patent Menicines ever introducel, and has we understand, been used in the Continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostan, Jobert, Velpeau, Maisonneuve, ths well- known Chassalgriao. and indeed by all who are regarded as authorities in such matters, including the celebrated 'Alla- mend, and Roux.by whom it was some time since uniformly adopted, and that it is worths- the attention of those who require such a remedy we think there is no doubt. From the time of Aristotle downwards a potent agent in the move! of these diseases has, like the famed philosopher's stone been the object of search of some hope'ul generous minds ; and far beyond the mere power—if such could ever , have been discovered—of transmuting the baser metal into gold is surely the discovery of a remedy so potent as to re- ' plenish the failing energies in the one case, and in the other so effectually, speedily and safely to expel from the system the poisons of acquired or Inherited disease in all their protean forms as to leave no taint or trace behind. Such is the new French Remedy TIIHRAPION, which may certainly rank with, if not take precedence of, many of the discoveries of our day, about which no little ostentation and noise have been made,and the extensive and ever-inereaaing demand that has been created for this medicine wherever introduced appears to prose that it is destined to cast Into oblivion all those questionable remedies that were formerly the sole reliance of medical men. Tberaplon may be obtained of the principal chemists and merchants throughout the world.—" Diamond lields Advertiser.—Kimberley.—For particulars of Theraolon, send stamped, addressed envelope to MR. R. JOHNSON. 43 HOLFORO Sq., Locsmou,w.o ,

IJONDON. —Cornfortable private boarding house for visit or permanent residence. Most central possible position for City, shopping, theatres, &c. Every home comfort. Inclusive terms 30e.. partial board from 250.-10 COLOSSEUM TERRACE. Regent's Park, London.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 & 71, RUSTON SQUARE. MAKE CoSUPoRTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET: CENTRAL NOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

ABERVSTWITH. THE BELLE VUE HOTEL, FACING THE SEA. One of the cheapest and most comfortable Family Hotels In Wales. Splendid Commercial Room, Coffee Room and Drawing Room, face the sea. Terms from 21 guineas per week, or 9s. per day, aceorling to Bedroom. Bed, break- fast and attendance from ss. lable d'Hote at 6.53 o'clock For TABIPES dx„ apply to W. H. PALMER. PROPRIETOR.

-- ItIISS AD& THORNTON is prepared to give .0.1. VIOLIN LESSONS. and desires pupas in Warrinkton and neighbourhood.—Apply 4. BEECH Th,HHACE, Beech et., Liverpool.

MISS EDI. H BIRCHALL resumes lessons on Monday. January 16th; piano, violin. and singing At home Tuesday, January 10th, 3 to 530.—HOLLY LODGE, Frogh.ll-lane, Warrington.

OXFORD ROUSH SCHOOL, ST. ANNHS-ON-THH-SEA. —BOYS Prepared for the Public Schools. Thorough grounding andindividual teaching. New, specially dessgmed buildings. Michaelmas term begins September 21st. Principal J. F. BRINDLE. B.A. (Oxon).

CfiFzllittli.-WINCH 9 M HALL, Lostock Gralam. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. Large Mansion and Playing Fields. Excellent Resident Staff. Great successes recent Eliminations. 50 Certificates gained last Term. AUTUMN TERM begins Tuesday September 20. Prospectus, references, views, from Kiss PARIIRS, Principal.

T. ASH GRAMMAR SCHOOL, A. ViALSS. PUBLIC Li BOARDING SCHOOL Well equipned. Laboratory, Worksbop. Healthy, picturesque situatton. Near Cathe- dral. Bracing air. Individual attention. Preparation for university, professional. knd commercial exams.--S. MAIM, M.A., B.Sc., head master.

IREACONFI KLD SCHOOL— W ESTON HI G cLASII BOARDING AND DAY-SCHOOL. Prepora- tory School tor Boys. Principal, Mrs. Sprunt (Certificate of Teachers Registration Council.) Highly Qualified Staff of Teachers. Lemons in Music. Painting and Dancing. Spring Term begins January 12th, 190,.—MRS. SPRUNT, rib Home January 11th.

FIGH SCHOOL 23, WILSON-PATTEN STREET, I3i PRINCIPALS .—The MISS PARTINGTON (Cert. x. WOMRri.B, Ox. & CAM. 4EN., LOCALE!, THIN. CoLL. LoNDON. Etc.—PROSPHCTUSES AND THSTEMONIAL3 on APPLICATION. THE NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN on Tue•clay, January, 2403, 1905. "At Home," Monday, January 23re.

THE PRIORY. WARRINGTON.—HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS AND KINDERGARTEN. PRINCIPALS WILLIAMS, 8.A., and MISS A. WILLIAMS. Boys UNDER THE AGE OF TETI ARE ADMITTED.—The SCHOOL will RR-OPEN on THURSDAY, JAN. 19th, 1905. For PROSPECTUS apply to THE PRINCIPALS.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of .13.11 Music,Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church, PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for pupils' practiee.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY-LANE Warrington.

‘,ZOIITH PORT MODE RN SC HOOL. Scaris brick L) New-road. One of the LARGEST PRIVATE SCHOOLS in the North of England. Staff includes a B:A •• a 13-9 c., and an Ofticier Aeaclemie etc. Languages. Science and Commercial subjects at Inclusive fees. CAPT. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P.. F.R.G.S., Head Master.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR HOOI, —THE MIXT TERM WILL BRGIN ON THURSDAY, JANII4 EY 19th. 1905. liThe EHADMIUTER will be at ihorne to INTERVIEW PA.III3INTS on Wednesth7 January 18th. NEW CHEMICAL LABORATORY, Le. PREPARATORY FORE for Boys from 8 012 years of age. PROSPECTUS and SCHOOL LIST on APPLICATICIN.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEE, £4 4s. PER TERM. LB.—Boys entering over 14 years of age pay £sss. rec. term THE NEXT TERM BEGINS TI/EsDAY JAN. 17, 1905. Betrance Examination, MONDAY. lan. ISth. Prospectuses. forms of application, al., may be had at the school. The boarding house in connection with the school is situated in Higher Broughton. The Art School Evening Classes re-open on WEDNESDAY, Jan. 19th. A class for ladies and teachers is also held on Saturday mornings. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

LADIES COLLEGE, URMSION, NEAR MANCHRSTBR. HIGH-CLASS BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. PRINCIPALS : Mrs. B. BLLIDGR. Trained Certificated Teacher. Registered Column B Teachers' Register ; Miss K. HOLLAND, London Trained Kindergarten Teacher. Full staff of Resident linglish and Foreign Mistresses, and Visit- lug Professors. Pupils prepared for Oxford and Cambridge Local and Music lixamlnatlons. FRRS tIODKRATE. PROSPECTUS and RICIPNIUINCRS on APPLICATION.

OR MORE THAN TWENTY YEARS THOUSANDS OF LADIES HAVE DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM D. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE BEEN UNIVERSALLY ADMITTED TO BE BOON TO WOMANKIND. They are the best known Remedy for Anemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals. Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id, is lid, 2. 64. 4. 64, and li., May be had from Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors everywhere, or from the Prorrietor. Only Address 339. PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON W.

"A Perfect beverage, combining Strengths Purity and Solubility."— MEDICAL ANNUAL, vannoutetC2coa You cannot drink it without realizing that it is the finest Cocoa you have ever tasted. "Worthy of the great reputation "For perfect purity, delicacy of which it has built-up ever since the flavour and nutritive value, it early years of the past century."— occupies the foremost place."— Food and Cookery. Or. Braithwaite's Retrospect of Medicine. BEST & GOES FARTHEST.

, P - --•-5-. ~ ~, /,, , .-4; • ' • ... . . .. ;'.7;-'''. •''': ~:\ .. ' \„,„tt. ', k-':::, 17:, '•,i'.-n' .. ' • • : ;-., ' '''' • . .. *.... ~. 'l. _ ~ i. ,z -,) .1, ... .. V - co!

Fr 17k. -1/ li -; 7 z A. I tit, • SOFT VELVETY . 1 SKIN? i"then use !iiiiii.3° 44 • 1 will entirely remove all . ROUGHNESS,CHAPS, #1 TAN, IRRITATION, etc.,' Bottles in a very short time. MBEETFIAM St. SON. :. i •Js.,and2s.6. - CHELTENHAM., . • ._ 4 ' .........m. 2° 064.1'1 619 per box ft- - 7 lor Di 50 40'14, , VP-) o, -itie4 69.4 Atft,„, dre Pr•eir ~—,..4.470y v&lue,A, it• 6- arittft\ cigetri - it oorcmtvible I/ I 000 D 1 fIOKES ' TRN. TNE LADY COBIVA CIGARETTES i 10 FOR ZD ...oitet_ ) 4V155 e.ROS CD COVENTRY 1

FRSE SAMPLI! of delightful Taa, freed from injurious tannin. No more indigestion or ' nerves.' Recom- mended by 1000 dOCIO/C—UNIVERSAL DIGESTIVE TEA Co. Ltd., Kendal.

SFOU 10,000 HANDBILLS (Demy 8 vo). Well printed Customer writes " your handbills are wonderful value" send for specimens.—B. WHITWORTH HIRD, LTD., Adver- tising Specialists. Norwich.

DARGAllf,—Calender Watch. oxidised and gold-cased jj case ; tells time to seconds, month, date. and day of week ; only 18,. Ed , post free.—. NoVELTV 228 Westminster Palace Gardens, Lon:Ion, S.W.

I F you back Horses, you want Winners.—Our over- eight letters, and. 2s. 6d. morning wires give unequalled satisfaction to clients everywhere.—WlNsostE & Co., Hyde Park Corner, Ipswich.

MUFFLSIt.—Grand Silk Woven Portrait of King liciward. Throat Chmforter, 30 ins. square. Satisfaction guasanteed. Post free. 40., from GEORGE ARCHIBLLD. Manufacturer, 11. Argyle street, Paisley.

PICTURE POST CARD AND COAT OP &RMS.—China collectors should write to G. GIFIUTI3.9, Caxton If,us., for mottle of Ilandrindod specimens. bat six beaut)f ally coloured postcards, 6d.; china from is.

'VETTING, NETTING. kabbit Nets, Football Goal Nets, 111 Bing Seta, Purse Nets, Sparrow Bets, Tennis Nets and Garden Netting of every description.Tmomae Joivisoer's. Net Warehouse 38 Corporetion-street, Manchester.

FrHOSE ABOUT TO FURNISH. should visit the J, popular warehouse for new and secondhand furniture for cash or on the Hire-purchase system. easy terms. Free delivery.—PLlNsro.V.e, 53 Allen st., Warrington.

CIAITARIRS.—SpIendId Hartz Mountain Roller Conks 1.../ lovely songsters. 2s. 6d each ; two for 4s. 9d.; includ log cage. Site arrival and satisfaction guaranteed or money returned.—RAMMONDS, Live Stock Breeders, Leyton.

1 NEW YII&E'S PRIESENTS.—Name Bro2ebee. S. 9D. solid silver. Hall-marked, new InTherial pattern ; any name supplied ; registered, post free. Is. 9d. —S. F. ALLEN & Co., Pawnbrokers & Jewellers, 49, Scarlet- well St., Northampton.

SA.LVAGB UMBRELLAS, 100 dozen ex L.& N.-W. HAU- way Company. Ladies Silk Umbrellas Is., Is. 6d 2., 6d. each ; Gentlemen's Silk L7mbrellas, Is. 6d.. 2s. 6d., 3.. 6d. Packing and postage 6d. extra.—HARDING'S UMBRELLA WAREHOUSE. School lane. Llvsrpool.

L'ILECTRICITY I—Everyone Interested In tnte &lance .124 should possess the "PRACTICAL ENGINEER " ELECTRICAL POCKET BOOK AND DIARY for 1935, now ready, price b. and Is. 6i. net. —TECHNICAL PUBLISHING Co.. LTD., 237, Dean, gate, Manchester. and all booksellers.

D AMWAY LOST PROPERTY, Ire —3750 Ladies' and _LC Gents' Silk Wmbrellas, with fashionable *sticks, 2s. each ; 4d. packing and ca: Tinge ; cheaper than baying old ones repaired, Send at =CP.—GREAT WVITERAT DMBRELL• DEPOT, 65, R.gent it., London. W Inspection Invited.

riio ADVHRTISH my Mild Cured New Year Hams, post I free, ss. 61., lam now sending with each Ham six of various sizes, Newman's Twisted Patent Skewers, also a mild and Sweet. Cured longue with each order lestlmot ials daiIv.—ATTENBROUGIf, .36 Clovelly Mansions. Grey's Inn rd., W.C.

VRItY Household requires them.---Serated Knives, cut „Lll bread (new or old) without crumbling, also meat, vege- tables, sc., save their cost many times over, no waste, money retnrned if not approved. Single knives, Is. each ; Wee (Bread, Cake, and Vegetable) 2s. 6.1. set.—SPEMPER 00.,77, Lower llamas et., London.

NTBSICO SUDORIFIC for lame or unsound Horses.— VeSl2O Sudorific Is the quickest. safest, and most 'among remedy for Weak Joints, Sprained Sinews, Diseased Bone, Puffy SwOllngs, and all ailmenis, causing lameness. price 2s. 6d. or 55., of Chemists, or post free —GREGORY & Co.. Temple, Bristol.

LAB GB BLACK PlGS.—'ihr te Grand BOARS for Dale Pierspool Wonder, 357, the best sire living. Bgr. another eilgible for registry, 7gs. ; another, four months old, ere Pierspool Wonder, dam Princess IL. second prize R.A.S., sgs. Also Sows and Gilts. In pig.—Coto. WINGATE-SAUL. Lancaster.

1313D1GRES BRLGUL 61 HARES. many winners supplied, I satisfaction certain, very rich coloured bucks and does se. 6d., Fs. 6d. and I.Cs, each. Fine prize-bird PArtridge Wyandotte Cockerels (excellent for crossing), 78. 6d. and l Os. each.--BRINDLEY Woon. Dorrington, Shrewsbury.

L 00K I You have CI helped to ry,y for them before.— J ire Gunrds' Military Knee Boots, smart appearance. 7s. 6d. per pair; Naval Knee !loots, very strong, 6s. 6d. per pair ; Bluchers, 50. 6d. per pair ; any ilz. ; carriage paid. Cash returned If not unproved y J. GAssos Government Contractor, Rye.

rpo BE SOLD.—Farnworth, near Widnes.—The eatenal—ve I Works, lately used bv the Lanrashire Manure Co, with Machinery and 24,20 square yards of Freehold Land. with Siding to the railway. Suicahle for Chemical or other works requiring space.—Address J. HOIXING, 16 Fenwick-street. Liverpool.

HAVII YOUR OLD UMBRELLA MADE EQUAL TO NEW by Recovering with StLRIVA,' a atrong,hard wearing Silk substitute. Gent's is. 6d. ; Ladles' Es. 11d. Patterns post free. A beautiful presentation tassel to every customer,-6end the Umbreila to-day, to Ivire,Manutaoturer, New It., Burton-on—Trent.

MEN'S Winter' Fleece Woven ''Underwear, beautifully warm and comfortable, wash and wear guaranteed. 2 sets comprising 2 Undervests and 2 pair Drawers for 109., poot free, or one trial garment 2s. 6d. post free. There is nothing on the market at double the price tnat can equal them.—Coox,l2o, High st.,Lewisham.

17'010E1 CHlSNSOLlNB.—,trengthens the voice and V enriches Its tone to an onsurpassable degree ig excellence and purity. Prepared on the recipe of a leading prima donna who bas constantly used it, and with remarkable success. bample, post fren,ls.lid.—RlCHNlOND es RICHMOND 139 Mackenzie Road, Re.skenham, S,B•

ITINELLA FOR THli t•ICIN.-6. remedy of unsurpassed V excellence for all skin affections. Powerful, certain, and rapid. Invaluable for the complexion. Removes and prevents Hiles, and makes the skin beautifully soft and mooth and white. In capsuled bottles Is. post free, from he man ufacturers. Rvaxe 8: Co . Carmarthen.

NovELTy i—Real Lyon Silk Feathers for Hate, 141 n. long ; black. brown, grov or any shade ; very effec- Sive ; strong,dueable, suitable for all seasons ; do not uncurl when wet ; one price Only, 51. etch ; also pompoms at 9d. each ; sent on receipt of postal order.—Sole Agent. ALFRED Vox CRUNIoax, 30, Silver Etreet, Kensington. Londoli, W.

RE SKELTONS. LIMiTED, in liquidation, JUBILEE BUILDINGS. HORSE3IARKET STREET. WARRINGTON. Order of Sale commencing January 7th, 1905. This (Saturday) afternoon, FANCY GOODS. This (Saturday) evening, SMALLWARES and Furnishing IRONMONGERY. Monday, 7 o'clock, CUTLERY and ELECTRO-PLATE. Tuesday evening, SMAILWARES and FANCY GOODS. Wednesday afternoon„AGRICULTURAL EFFECTS, Spades, Troughs. Wire Netting, Galvanized Sheets, Wednesday evening. SMALLWARRS and FANCY Goons, Furnishing Ironmongery. Thursday, 2 o'clock. BuMars' IRONMONGERY, Grates, Mantels. Spouts, Boilers, Gunpowder, Castiron Goods, Gunpowder Safes, Thursday evening, SMALLWARES and FANCY GOODS. Friday evening, Furnishing IRONMONGERY. Saturday, 2 o'Llock, l FANCY GOODS and Furnishing „ 7 o'clock f IRONMONGERY. All Joiner's Toole 'Terms cash. No catalogues. WM, HICKMAN AND SON, ROBERT LOWE, LEON•IiD BENNETT, Auctioneers, Warrington.

itT ATRIHONY.—GENTLEMAN, large means end own _L estate, desires correspondence with lady of good position—Box 412, Advertise Office. Northumberland Avenue, London. W.C. ARGAIN.—COLUMBLA GRAYHABHUbIiS ; two Horns; 1/ cost 555., sell for 302. ; 100 Records; 50 Edison'. 9s. doz 50 Edisonboll, 7s. 6d. doz.; guaranteed perfect.—Sroxze, 91a, Lonzeauseway, Yarn worth. Bolton.

fIrALENT AND CO. HIGFISE BROUGHTON ; CHESTER. Builders of up-to-date BROUGHAMS VICTORIAS and two-wheelers invite inspection of their large stock of new and seeoud-hand carriages.

DHEUMATISM —A LADY who has been cured of this ix, complaint, will gladly send particulars to any Buffeter ; enclose stamped envelope. Mn. WHITFLELD, 8, Vale nil, ougon, Liverpool.

STERILIi MARItInGH.—Its Causes and Curative Treat- meet. By late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women; a new edition just published. Poet free 3s. Bd. Loudon.—Sll72l,LEY tt CO., LTD., 38, Gracechurch it. &bares, gototitss, Sucffritoge4, eft.

‘)VHBELWRIGHT'S and COACH BUILDBR'S PLANT' for disposal, with Stock-in-Trade, as going concern; on main road, ten minutes' walk from Northwlen Station.— D. CARTER. Broken Cross, Northwich.

xetOs Messrs. or B spareilK ljtlfricF e.S"n Send a dwdarnetse,de envelopeboth se PEAT & Co.. 47 Bent rd.. Hamilton, N.B. teJANTII) to TAKE up CARTING and HAULAGE CON- TRACTS of 3 Ton loads and nowardc—HAYLoß Enos. LTD., Steam Motor Wagon Makers, Oolborne.

lASTLE HILL N. SCHOOL (MIxed).—WANTED, V ASSISTANT MISTRESS. Art. 50, for upper standards. Salary according to scale. —Apply T. LAITHWAITE, Heath Villa, Hindley.

GAMEKBEPER. —Situation WANTED, !single-handed or otherwise, by strong. active Yorashireman ; married ; ace 36 ; thoroughly experienced all duties ; good character.— KENT, Dutton, Longridge, Preston.

ADOPTION.—Homes Wanted for healthy baby boys, two months and seven months old; no premiums nor pay- ments ; references exchanged ; complete surrender.— WHISHAW. Orphanage, Arnside, Cartiforth.

‘IV ANTED MEN, Young and Old, to write for our book, " How to become an itleCtriced Engineer ," sent post free. It tells how thousands gain eetter positions and salaries studying Electrical or Steen anical Engineering at Home by post; enlorsed by Thomas A. Edison and British Electricians.—Address ELECTRICAL ENGINEER INSTITUTE OP CORRESPONDENCE INSTRUCTION, 413, Tennis Chambers. Temple Avenue, London. B.C.

FURNITURE, PIANOS, STOCKS, Sz.c.. BOUGHT Fuit CASH TO ANY AMOUNT, OR AUVANWIS MADE. HIGHEST PRICES GIVEN. NO CHARGH FOR INSPECTION. d HARTLKY AND 12. MOSS-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

BLINDNESS. EYE DISEASES CURED WITHOUT OPERATION BY WILLIAM MELLOR The Eminent EYE SPECIALIST and Gold Medalist for RESTORING SIGHT to the BLIND. I have already RESTORED SIGHT to upwards of 30,000 people. Many of these were given up by amigos' Eye Hospitals in England before coming to me. I CAN and DO RESTORE SIGHT to many of the BLIND. None need Despair. One Visit only is necessary : remainder of Treatment can be carried Out at your own Home. NO HIGH FEES. NO EXCUSE FOR GOING BLIND. If your eyes are affected in the slightest, give me a trial. Doctors and Oculists may have pronounced your case hope- less : If so this is the chance of a lifetime. Send for Book of Particulars, It will surprise you, Post Free on mentioning this paper. Mr ONLY ADDRESS : 'WILLIAM MELLOR, 168, OXFORD. ROAD, MANCHESTER.

TOWLE'S OHLOxODYNE RENOWNED FOR COUGHS, TOWLE'S CtiLORODYNE iNeLITENZ TOWLE'S e IILORODYNE BeltoNomms, TOWLE'S CLILORODYNE ASTHMA, SPASMS, &C. TOWLE'S uIILOROD YNEC 130. per Bottle.

DR scums PILLS UNEQUALLED DR. SCOTT'S PILLS FOR LIVER DR. SCOTT'S PILLS COMPLAINTS, HEADACHE, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS INDIGESTION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS NERVOUS DR SCOTT'S PILLS DEPRESSION, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS LOSS OF DR. SCOTT'S PILLS APPETITE, COSTIVENESS, DR. SCOTT'S PILLS THE MOST DR. SCOTT'S PILLS EFFICACIOUS DR. SCOTT'S PILLS MEDICINE. In a green square package. Prfces Is..lid. and Is. 9d.

Contemplating the furnishing of ALL a House, should when visiting Manchester, call at YGOODALL'S BRANCH, otiNG (PoNTER's, Ltd.), to see Wel Villa which has been erected, decorated, PEOPLE and fitted. to show how to furnish complete from £l6O. GOODALL S, OLD MILLGATE.

FHB WARRINGTON AND MID-CEESEIRE EXAMINER, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THa Ro:woke( Isa9.3trocg, pubiisced every Friday after I_ noon. It is the best weekly piper I the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Adver- tisers. riPHE WIDNES BXAMINER, published every Friday after- ". noon. Manes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly grow- ing centre of industry. THE ELRLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Friday afternoo.. THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, publioned every Friday afternoon. THE EXAMINER SERIES. PREPAID ADVERTI SEM ENT9 APARTMRNTS WANTED. Mounts WAlrrEp. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ANIICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES(.. One Three RIX Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54

THE EXAMINER. Jilasruma Tth, 1904.,

2/6 " R (IB orryzsElNßcrlm3Atr.L) QUART SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKEY ALSO AT 3/-, 3/9, 4/6 AND 5/3 PER QUART, 1/8, 2/-, 2/6, 3/-, AND 3/6 PEE BOTTLE, FULTON BROS, viriNa isißßOHAsrs, 20, RENSHAW STREET, LIVERPOOL, (2 Minutes from Central and Lime Street Stations.)

SALE EXTRAORDINARY. IN ORDER TO COMMENCE THE SPRING SEASON IN HIS NEW PRIIMISES WITH ABSOLUTELY NEW GOODS, W. T. WILLIAMS Id OFFERING HIS STOCK AT SPECIALLY REDUCED PRICES. GREAT BAR um IN JACKETS, MILLINERY, FURS, BLOUSES, AC., &e. SEE WINDOWS AT 48 SA.NKEY ST., WARRIIIGTON. (OPPOSITE BOLD Sl.)

r For Colds Bronchitis Winter Coughs Angier's Emulsion quickly over- comes an ordinary "cold." It im- mediately relieves the dry, hacking cough, and allays the sense of con- striction and rawness in the throat land chest. For those who are subject to Bronchitis or winter cough it is an especial boon; it always affords relief and frequently effects a complete cure. Pleasant to take, it promotes appetite, aids digestion, and improves nutrition. If you send 3d. for postage, and mantles this paper, we will send you a free sample. Anglers Emulsion (PIIIIIOI.ZUM WITH II YPOPI4OIIPHITEer Of Chemists, xlri, swp and 4/6; or post free from :"ANGIER CHUM. 00., 1.0., 02 SNOW NIL, MINN.

. .. .. • «. •. 'l. • • I • • A I• i I • • • , A run-through in-of IR cushion: - ' iite 5 '

Goddard Plate. Powder Jor Ciean ng Si Iver Elecht• Plate& 43Ici everywhere Ifr 2/es a 4/6,

DIAGRAM 46. F I • I s • • I • '4l 4!. annon from the D, 'de cushir ject wh inches from the em. DIAGRAM 47. •••• ale 4 • c:4 A run-through in-off into a top pocliet. Object ball 8i incbes from the top cushion and 24 inches from the side cushion, cue bag 31 inches from the top cushion and 10 inches from the sidb cushion.

CORNWALL

G.W.R. Co.'s Tregenna Castle 14otel at St. Wes. WRITE TO SUPERINTENDENT OF THE LINE, PADDINGTON STATION, W., tor Illustrated Booklet Free. JAMES C. INGLIS, General Manager,

Diagram 46 shows a run-through cannon from baulk. Though this cannon will look a very awkward one to the majority of players if the balls be set up in the positions given under the diagram, it is not really a very difficult stroke though one that always requires careful handling. In playing this stroke the cue ball should be struck low down and with medium pace and the player should centre his mind on playing the first ball just past the second and avoiding the kiss. If the kiss is only just avoided the cannon is almost certain to be made, but if the first ball misses the second ball by a con- siderable margin no cannon will be made. Diagrani 47 shows a difficult run-thrpugh in-off into a top pocket, a stroke hardly within the compass of ,any but good players. The distance between the bAlls and the angle at which the cue ball has to enter the pocket, make this run. throng. .in-.f( an awkward one even tor goad players. If. hrwtsvP-, he stroke be played with drag and side, it will be found easier of accom- plishment than if played with side only or side and tap. Played with drag the true running of the cu.s b al will be more assured and apart from this the cu o ball will retain the side longer than if played .without drag. (To be Continued.) Vol. I. of " Billiards: The Strokes of the Game." 100 illustrations. By RISO LEVI. Ie now ready, is. net. Mr. Riso Levi will be pleased to answer in these columns all questions relative to the article appearing weekly, and as far as possible any questions on other points in connection with the game of Billiards. Envelopes should be marital "Billiards."

14 New Departure , * J EWSISU Mr& BROWM S —ORIEN TA L I n TOOTH PA ST E ) collapsible I nevriginai Tubes 1/- R iso in Pots 1/6&2/6. OnlyGenuirie. -

THE British Riviera

'LAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS A LOTION MAY TEMPORARILY SOOTILBUT BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILL goes to the root of the mischief, and is leally the only true remedy for Gout, Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago. All Chemistsand Stores atls.ll,d. and 25.9 d. per box.

MERRYWEATHER ON • WATER SUPPLY AND FIRE PROTECTION of COUNTRY MANSIONS. EXPERTS SENT TO ALL PARTS TO Report on EXISTING Arrangements. WRITE FOR PAMPHLETS: MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W.C.

CRITCHLEY'S STARCH GLOSS. Registered No. 40,376. NO MORE SOFT LINEN WHEN STARCHED. Used in the Royal Laur,dries. Should be used in every house. Once tried, always wanted. MAKE 3 OLD LINEN LIKE NEW, The greatest boon ever offered to the 'Laundress for Imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen, Laces. Ac. It does not stick to splder-web-1 Ike materials. sold everywhere in Packets at Id., 3.1., and 6d. each. PREPARED ONLY 13T T. estiremLEy. ehemist, B Lne Ica u RN. 7,,Whitecross htreet, London, RAI.

TO ADVERTISE OUR PICTORIAL POSTCARDS We give a Nickel Silver Watch Free, guaranteed to keep correct time for 3 years, a Case of Spoons or Melodeon. Write to-day, giving your .. /....- a:\ full name and address, and your promise 4/04 7Th rn .....-..-,-., to Sell or Retu 72 Penny Pictorial i'l Postcards within 3 weeks from the time ,fiAir , .-- you receive same. When sold, send us the 6/. you get for them, and we will :). forward you any of the above-mentioned \v• 11.7 . , Presents. Write at once enclosing ' ......._ ' 3 penny stamps for postage, and you will receive the packet by return. Any person can sell the Packet in One hour.—THE IRISH PICTORIAL CARD CO., Princes St., Cork. _

URICURA =ICOR& LINIMENT AND DROPS (tainsoirres SPECIFICS) CURESRats permanently cured V. many bad cases of from ten RHEUMATIS M to twenty years' standing. 19' They give immediate relief, LUMBAGO,- neaneddeLfedeitreactecidtre quickly if n - " For Rheumatism, Lum• • SCIATICA bago, Sciatim, the Drops • 9 •,. should be la, en in conjunc- - NEURALGIA tion with the Li:-.iment. For Colds on too thee and • SPRAI S" ...AN . Sore Thrtat, sod a:so for Sprains and F.., tLe N. , Liniment It is BRUISES liosoetdb sallcolmu!L.of rho Indog testimonial from well known WHEN ALL ELSE FAILS. people. Bold by all leading Chemists, Pricn 11 REMO HAMMOND REMEDIES Co., BARET,DT. Vim%Vl Dropi. 1/14; Poste46 I. elteS•

ROWN & CO., USINESS ROKERS AND

VALUERS Established 1875. If you want to buy a genuine Business, or require a partner, from £5 to £5,000, in Liverpool and District—consult us. NO SALE. NO CHARGE. 34, South John Street, (0ff......ree0 LIVERPOOL.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE OF GOUT AND RHEUMATISM. By EADE'S PILLS. A RECORD CURE! 32, Archer-street, Bayswater, London, W. Dear Sir,—Sundav night my big toe pained me, on Monday it was much worse, and in the evening I could scarcely walk. At 6 p.m. I sent for a bottle of your Gout Pills, and took two at once. At 9.30 I was much relieved, and could eat my supper. I took another before going to bed, and although so hot I got a fair night's rest. I have takentwo more pills to-day, and now, at 6.30,1 am alright again. This is a record cure. Yours truly, PHILIP BRANS. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & R

- • _ _______ _. Patent FINGER NAIL IMPROVER II The Secret of Successful Manicure. Before use. A necessity for all who wish After use. I I to bare nice finger nails, se it 1,, renders them fiThert-shaped. Delicate little instrument 1 - worn only at night. 1 . ' Post Fres with Instraetiona 2113 Set. 10i- IV 8 RONR 70 Raleigh Rosa, , Seuthville, BRISTOL. _

TIRED MEN. When you are tired of taking mysterious prescriptions,and weary of wearing Electric Belts, write to me, and I will send you a Book, which shows how even- man. *young and old, may he quickly and thoroughly eurei of NERVOUSNESS. EXHAUSTION, VARICtiCKLU, and MIBILITY, from any cause whatever. WITHOUT STOMACH MEDICINE, or ELECTRICITY. Hundreds of cor,s Book cant sealed,post free, for two stamos.—A. J. LEIGH, 92 end 93,Rreat Russell St., London. W.C. Over seventeen years' successful results.

- Ihe Incorporated x`l34 'Thames Nautical 1 !! Training College • "ell 4 g 4:". 1 ii.moj G s.”rer:sh:RthCe, Kent. ',... 1 ...;.'; ~ dacates Boys for Officers In the Merchant Service. 0:**!,c941.0.,•.,,,, \'. Naval Carlethips granted R. annually and appolntrnents to R. ri. Wtri-SlycgaStEß. Apply W. M. BULLIVANT, Hon. Sec. • - , . , ...,• 72, Mark Lane, London, C.C. - -

THE BEST WAY of accomplishing any desired end Is accpured by experience. Thousands of userafind 1 WASHING AT HOME with Bradford's "Vowel" Washing Machinist Ps the best way. Catalogues and full parttenlars post free from THOMAS BRADFORD & Co., Crescent Iron Works, Salford; 130, Bold St., Liverpool: Victoria Avenue, peansgate, Manchester; 140-142, High Holborn, London.

fir ) I Ii , ~....,.., 9., , fi la i r , USerri\ rrf:.,D C p OWDlllit Completely supersedes the use of Eggs in the preparation of High-Class Custard— Greatly increases the popularity of all Sweet Dishes—The unfailing resource of every successful hostess. RICK IN NUTRIMENT. DELICATE IN FLAVOR. BIRD'S Custanirci is the ono thhig seeded with all Stewed, Tinned or Bottled Fruits. It enhances their flavour and imparts to them a grateful mellowness. NO EROS! NO RISK I NO TROUBLE!

-7 - •;\\46 ‘ll.k.'imiZot; •E'. 111) i - II PI •••'41"."--.....-1 i .: ol l cis eolaP°ll . , ... 6 ' , ,-.• t. vice illye ', • 1 iii.„,., '3..,,..c... , . ...,:. ' / V.,:011G115 \ASTHMA & BRONCNITI4. 'ill . .si YEARS 1 ' ~; - -.-PROVEN. EFFICACY- II ~ AN EVCR, READY: HOOEFIDLD-REMEDY. 1 , 11:10SENsic,it.ecm. .- ALLAYS couppt. ; .._. _ . GIVESI IMMEDIATE 'RELIEF '1 '.r.fNUM,'CATHARTICUM PILLS. •:-.-. ', ',----- PORAND/CESTION A ITS EVILS. . -•••,,ot. ; SiOVNEADACk • BILIOUS DERANGEmENT • 0,- ANt• AGREEABLE 'APERIENI7: , II 2 ..IW'. TIC PILLS.: •:. •:•-iv•f: •:•,:i.. i t. [ CURE FACEACHE'B,'NEURALGIA: '4 . , ... REPOSE suesr/7z/rif.s. SOIO gY ALL CNEN 1518 THROUGHOUT GREAT BRITAIN 6 ilic coumE3..."

OE'S SAUCE All good qualities are united in Hoe's Sauce, which stands unrivalled as the highest development of sauce manufacture
