===== 0002601_19071102_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ARTIFICI A L TEETH

===== 0002601_19071102_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
AND THEIR

ACCOMPANYING PROCESSES CONSULT

W. J. BARNES.

54, LEGEI STREET, WARRINGTON.

BOLT) STRRET WEsLEYAN To-minnow(SUNDAY)CHURCB. !goyimßun 3RD, '907. Morning 10 :40. Rev. JOHN GIJNNFILL. Evening 6.30. They. 'CHM! 1,6 !WILIAM. All welcome. Hymn Ron'.6 nrovided

WTABLIBEED 1833.

M S. 'THOS. CLARRE, STATIONER AND IkIEWSAGIiNT, 'EXAMINER" OFFICE. 33 MARKET STREET. BARLBSTOWN; 14'3C? STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRESENTS.

No 1599

DRAW FOR BICYCLE at E, Faul-street.—Winning number 112, H. Cox.

EFFECTIVE POSTER PRINTING. Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking display on Hoardings and walls.

MILITARY BAND INSTRUMENT

IDottsto ant( ?..anii on Ante.

erwatlen.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

HAVE A GREAT REPUTATION FOR POSTER PRINTING EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. Plain or in two or more colours, are the most attractive that can be produced, and make a very bold and striking display on Hoardings and Walls.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
' •••••....;:-.. , ( j .. .. t; s: _ ::.„,e, ~.....: .....:_.... : 4 . . .. . . , , ~. . .. . . . : I--,. 4...- ~ , ' _- .z. ..„ - ;:• 1.. hitio I_,. . . •, .. „,_ ~... .. ~ ,: . . . .. . . . =.,,,.. .., tr ,rt . . . 1)1 -int „........,, ..-4, (.......,‘"- ... ... -X 'N't-----41... t --:, ,:-,-,. lite- r , , (... 1/4,..,,, .:._ -:,. , ---:: :,,, ._ ....._ .. ! -,

ONE PENNY

*Rouen

SILTURDZI.Y, NOVEMBER 2, 1907.

ESTABLISHED CV:IR FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, RING-STRERT, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATE STREET, CD ESTER. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from RIO to £l,OOO ON ;SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. DAR TIES wishing for temporary CASH. ADVANJES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY ROTH TO BB SIGNED THE LOW RAM OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RIM THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OWE A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THH BORROIN ER. NO BILLS OF MALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS- EROSIVE IMMEDIATE ATTERTION IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative "rill call personally upon applicants ani complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealing and reasonable Charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled,

B POST }ls' 7id. per Quarter. 6s. 6d. per annum. y : Is. gd. per Quarter credit.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
Aiatimicril, etc.

TN STOCK, HYDRAULIC PRESSEF, Pomp, Doßines ac.—JAmEs 11•PMA1, Artillery M. Works, lltlenctester

pATIINT °moil A.SOHESTBB HerrABLISHED IN 1836. Messrs. GBORGB DAVIES & SOB have ha st.;re than 40 years' personal experienoe in connection with this Establish meet. andpossos mai calk no wleel es, of the cotton ,woollen eel iron manufactures.

_ "Self-help to the Hew Patent Law," price 6d, " Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price Is. EIBORGII DAVIBS, 0.8.. & 808. 8.1.P.A., bI.S.A . 4. ST. ANN S BQITABN,MANOIIIISTHR.

Oalc bp Auction.

mahogany,

3nreottnents, barts, Szt.

Cays,Cveirs, Tarriagro, etc

===== 0002601_19071102_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
fßiontp

===== 0002601_19071102_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
_

I:4II:ZRNIA.—Sure safe cur . Recipe and list free.— ' THWATTE.. Her!)allst. tockton-nn—Tees.

bortles post fre la. Ed., never Nita to cure.—ClioßLEY, Woreeettr Park. Surrey.

QTRONG NERVII PILL. —Send 61, P.O. for la. Ikti. trial 1„) bottle to RATLF:4.4 LTD, 39, tvelo3l; 0.. Haat loge,.

TNDIGHSTION CUIO.D. —Free SaMDIO on appUcation. GASTRnN Co 1 Ths GrAnge. Maitland Park. Hampstead.

-pl L 0-PILO is tte wy sure cure for bleeding plles All chemists. 1 lk. —Pita On. TrtfalgAr et., Burnley.

NBURALGI A.—A guarAnteed cure or money r-turned. tree 11. —THoNGE", SR, htwoods Hill, Birmingham.

EXAMINER FOOTBALL ANNUAL

NOW ON SALE.

EXORS. OP TEETH J. H. PARKINSON TEETH MANCHRSTBh, TEETH HAVE OPHB RD AT TEETH 14, SANKEY ST., TEETH

WARR! NGTON.

AND WILL ATTEND TEETH EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7 TEETH Branches at CREWE, NORTHWICH TEETH and.WINS/;ORD. (See Local Papers)

IiVRRY SkTUBDAY 11,0 5.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
Vartntrsbipo, tue‘ftteoos.

E LIN S PIJOCti ASIN t 4 RUSIN f,::=SES can be accommodated with Capital at MAURICE AND On., 31. Cairo at.. worriment).

D,) you WART TO SHLL your Business ?—lf so,consult Mr. COWDELL. Business Agent, Legh at., Warrington

IQUSINIIbSRS WANThD.—Apply T. CownELL, 31. Legh 11 at., Warrington.

OUTH PO HT. TOBACCONIST'S sul Fiairoresser's Butiness for Dispooal nett profits £3 les. weekly capital required R2OO.—PAN NE. Valuer, Southport.

AND PitOVISIDN BUSINIi;:yS for immediate k 7 disposal with nice fowl house ftnci hen run behind (sacrilicel.—Apply T. CoWDELL. Business Agenr, Legh st.. Warrington

Rqyfrultural itouct, Vlants,

A LPI 7.; - " L.V^: . Choice ki!,ds 2s. 61. d ,z. vVrito 1-1 EkrYn. Bray. alrinane, Coruw4ll.

XTANiiiD Ri)94:,, 6 dwapf., eit different, 9d. ; 3 enather4„ 11 2e. 3d.— BOMFOFtD, Surivryman, linig's Norton,

GOOD BULBS. Moutbreths. mixed Daniiiis. N,:ciseue, etc., le. 3ci. 10.—Miss JO.EPR, Ho ford, Br( tgwater.

FRUIT ItiißS.-10s 6d. garde° bundle, extraordinary value, write for particularp, Cl]Art duttob, MMdeton,--.

R(ISMS and MAIDEN APPLE TREES 3s. 6d. doz., 255. KO Send for oat,tlogue.—Rocx NURBERIEa, Carterton, Clanfield Oron.

ItARPHRRI4II36, superlative, spiendiel well-rooted canes, i 7. 64. 100, 20s. 1,003, 17s. per 1,000 for 10 010 and npwards.—Psu.s. Blackti4ll, sievenoaks, Kent.

ANTOINH YADOUA. Hare Strawberry Yiants, 18 1.7 for is. Id.. free ; froit outdoors thrice yearly ; now fruiting. •i'rrPFILL4 WILLS, Longlanci, Swan-i.

DULBS.-d really genuine offer. Post free, 12 choice namPel 1-ivarinths 2s. RI. ; IGO rholee mixed Daft -Oils, 2s. 64.; IGO Narcissus Pheasants' Hve, extra fine, 21. k. k F. MOB 4, H. Drp*., 4. K•ng Willkm sr., London, 1.0,

D select quality, ch-.ap ; fine ,nixe hydeiattis 13,61. I dozen, DafT ;Ails 6d., White Narcissus 4d., AnowdroPs 4d., Tulip, 4d., Crocus 34., ',II per dozen, carnage p .id, cash with order; list free.—PAXTFlee, Z. Oxford st., Ilanchester

PLANT NW for Spring Blonming Wallfloweae, Blood Red awl Yellow ; Canterbury Beds, and ve set William 20, 31. ; 101, Is. • 1,1)00. 74. Har:v Cabbag9 Planta 20, 24. ; 100, 8,1 ; 1,000, 5.8.—Z. /Wien', 676, Wardley lane, Swinton, MannhertPr.

-volt SALli.—Bedfordshire Ch =pion Strawberry Plants; 1: the latest variety brought out and believed to be the largest and best in cultivation. Also Panto .'s well-rooted, trimmed and ready for planting ; prices accor itng to quanti- ties required. if nnsolci.—Apply HIGGQ, Varnboro'. gent,

ALLLFLI)WItitS in variety. Forget-me-.'a. Sweet, • Williams from Sutton's seed. Strong sturdy plants 3d. doz.; 100 carriage free 3s• 6d. For 6 stamps samples of these and of other thlnqs will he sent sh,wing quality of stuff offe•ed. Money gladly returned if purchnser not pleased.—Miss HMATH, F.a.H.Q.,liridgendotonenoose,Glos.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ZEllnteTi.

riINDERS MAY BR HAD at the " EXAMINER " OFFICE, Poweev et., werrinenn, 3d. per load Oren.

WANTIID, good fIEiNHH IL ; god wages given; refer- ences required.-33, BOLTON S.D., Dar wen.

NATANTED antique Chairs, bideboard eto. send part!. T culare.—Fonn, 101 a. Dean st.,Oxford et., London,

A GENTS Required.—Cheap Printing; 100 earth, le. (name, £3- addrese).—nikEletaN, 161, Hartley rd„ Nottingh..m.

ANTHD, Agents to sell Private Cliriatmas Otrcle ; beet Y cornmisdion. —I MPIHE CARD Co., lhe Avenue.l3,kewell.

POSTAGI3 STAM ,13 Wanted, used and unustql, and foreign.—MAUNDER, Sidholrne. Merton Pk.,Surrey.

Si LADY recommends another a, Da.lv Secretary ; 1-3._ excellent testinoonials.—L., 13. Clifton Gardens. Margate.

13011 K BUTCH itß.—Wanted smart Youth as lIIPHOVBB. 3 able to make up.— tpply BEN Few, Winwick et. Warrington.

VOTICB 30 CONTRAOTORS AND ue.RTmlis.—GOOD 11 CINDIPIS may he hsd At the " BXAMINKR " OFFICE. 3d. per load given.

AGENTS, energetic, taiary and cumailssion ; send particulars enclosing Mcl. for sampIes.—UNGUENT. 9, Oxford st., Manchester.

A GUNTS Wanted (either sex) for iptiek-seiting novelties lA. £2 wetkly etrlied ; fotrhp'e, P.O. 7.i.—Write ATKINSON 46, DUllkind at., Bradford, Yorke.

A GBISTS WANLED, Private Chriitanas Csrds ; goad 111. commisbion allowed; no risk ;no outlay ; easily earned. Apply, Box A 5. COOPER PRINTING COMPANY, Burnley.

PRSORS required to address linvelooei, &e,,iu their 8: are time (either sex). Good pa• .—Post addressed envelope ARMSTRONG & Co.. bandland et., London. W.C.

W'ANTLID, few sets old brass drawer handles, with I embossed pate, plates with the drip haniilas missing. suitable, set of 6. 8, or over.—JoNEß, Oaklands, Brecon.

t Mill ii:,.1311, mood worki.;g, WAN C., 61 LUA ram ; Wale 31 and out ; levlng thrJugh chango in establishrnant.— ROBERT 'VMS Wool Close Cottag.., Etrnsil., CAruforth.

11,./T COUPLE .>e k plaitioa Oire,takera ; offices. .LY_L club, &c.; wife boaseßeve-, man clric i work ; ricelierit refereno.A.-K , 37 Nelson ri., funb,iclae Wells.

,t GENTS' WANTRO —Private Christwas Chris. Good r^, commission allowed ; no rfk;n ontlay ; money easily earued,—Apply Box D 54. CooPER PRINTING 00., Burnley.

‘VT A ETHD, old needlew,,rk beil-pulls, and old neediework V or any kind ; also old bead-buts, chains, Ito. State lowet price.—H., 6, Arnold Mansions, W. Kensington. Lonloo.

UCRATIVT3 AGENClT.—livery district with first Order 1-1 for our 2C xl6 °ray 4n portrait, 24. 61. sample price ; send phlto.-1171LxiasoN, Artist,66 Woodlands rd.,Cheetham, Manchester.

QITUATIONS 1,(.11t LIFH lb,pecturs, Banding 1..1 Inspectors ; sound, thorough, successful po3tal tuition. Particular. frte. —POSTAL TECH:IIC oCHOuL, 237 Grauville rd., Sheffield.

itiatir DRAWING MAO:sINe.—MIN WASTED to tae ctiarge of Bright Drawing and Reeling Machine. %rite stating age, wage and experience to ARGYLL MOTORi LTD.. Alexandria, by Glasgow.

-VIRGINIA wants thousands of farm labsurers and cooks. Good wages, good climate, work tear round. No free passages, no fees. Particulars free.—A.d,tress CAPTAIN THOMPSON, Virginian Agent, Morecambe.

AGRNCIES Required by eatablished firm a ith central offices and E. howroom accommodation (London, 8.0) for good eelHg lines. —Write Boa 4150, C/0 HAkutow THATCHER, Holbirn Place, L‘rulon. W.C.

lIHRB I —Do you want an appointment ? sanitary Inspector, Lady Health Visitor, £lOO to £350. Postal Course Lessons now commencing for Liverpoil exam. Fee Us.—MU.HENR. Sanitary hapert, Sunderland.

the principal Province of Canada, offers mo.t kJ favourable opportunities to strong young Men and others ii,irons of engaging In Farm Work. Female Domestics in great demand at high wages. For particulars apply ONTARIO GOVERNMENT AGENCY?, James at.,LiVerDool.

TTNCK}iftS 1 KN kOKBIIB I 1 KISILLOKURS !I! Best poeslb:e prices given tor dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt re-noval on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miles JAMES 1200 LE AND SONB LTD., Manure Manu- facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Loncford Works, Telephone 299,

AGin! l'S.—Livcrpool Victoria Friendly Society.—Wanted in Warrington, huncorn, Widnes. Hatieatown, Altrin- cham, and surrounding di. ricts ; Whole or Spare-time Ager,ts ; special torms to energetic men.—Apply MANAGER, Victoria Chambers. Bridge it, Warrington ; 36, Lowland rd. titmeorn ; and 15, Tipping it.. Altrincbam.

3 PIANOS ON SALB RRTURNBD FROM HIRE. PIANO, beautiful Rosewood Case. loy Ralph Allison. PIANO, beautifal Walnut Case, by Hilton and Hilton. PIANO, Oak Case, by T. G. Payne. PIANO, bewitiful Walnut Case. by William Satnes. INTEVIIVI BUYERS SHOULD NOT 61188 THESE BARGtINB. FULLY WAHRANTLiII BY SELVRS AND MAKIiRs. NOTE ADDRN•BB IV A 69, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
lifiatrunonp

- _ A 1 AT6 tilaluind it rs.Y. Y d—e . i roe': gt to Corresponde t -edPhyvictitik nftovt og,oinodg scradia; having some private means. Photos exebang, I ettera in contid flee to Box 4463. 0/ ) Pdxsm 11 .. 6 ‘RROW & THATCHEP, Holborn Place, London, Vi,.9. d ; orriu;ne.

JOHN WALKER & CO., "EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON. BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. CIRCULARS in the neatest style, from modern type and of the best workmanship.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

. . p

===== 0002601_19071102_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19071102_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
at the Manchester Parliament of Women, was for men .. and women to unite in trade organization, but, as a rule, The Vanderbelt Wedding.—Marriages between men are jealous of associating with women, on terms of American heiresses and members of our aristocracy equality in industrial matters. It is said that the have mostly turned out well, but the same can hardly average wage of the women workers in this country is be said of their alliances with Continental noblemen. less than is. 6d. a week, and whether the remedy as The recent disclosures as to the squandering of the ninny urge, is the franchize, or trade organization, no fortune of the Countess Castellaine, nee Gould, have one can deny that there is room for improvement in been made much of in the American Press, and has such conditions of employment. helped to arouse the opposition manifested in the inner The Working Woman's Dress.—Attention has fre- zircles of Now York Society against the marriage of quently been drawn to the trim and dainty appearance Miss Gladys Vanderbelt to Count Szechenyi, which is of the Parisian working girl and woman, and to the fixed for December next. For a long time the export fact that in this respect they are greatly in advance of of countesses and duchesses, with their dowries, has the girls and women of our country who "find "for troubled the American Press, and once more it is asked themselves. Doubtless there is much truth in all why cannot American heiresses marry Americans ? The this, but thinga are not nearly so bad with us as they Duchess of Marlborough, who is a Vanderbelt, has have been. Year by year, the cheap tailor and cheap recently arrived in Ameriea to assist at her cousin's dressmaker turn out better cut and better made gar- wedding, the bride being the daughter of the widowed meets, and an ill-hanging skirt, or badly-fitting blouse, Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbelt and is said to possess a is comparatively seldom seen. The direction however, fortune of £6,07,0,900. She is only 21, some seven years in which our girls who are employed in office, school, younger than Count Szechenyi, who is a rich Hungarian shop, etc., so constantly err, is the spending little upon nobleman, holding a high position at the Austian Court.l the actual costume and much upon accessories. Now A Notable Engagement.—Lord Loreburn will be the i the Parisienne knows better. She pinches and saves first of several widowed members of the Government to ; until she can afford really good fabric,then she expends re-marry, and Society, especially the political side of 1 great care and forethought upon the making, eschewing it, is so much interested in his engagement to Miss i all trimming and ornamentation unless she can indulge Violet Hicks-Beach, the eldest daughter of Mr. V. Fe :in a little of the best. And having secured a good Hicks-Beach, of Whitcombe Park, Gloucesterahire, and j costume, she takes stupendous care of it. Her hats are a niece of Viscount St. Aldwyne. Lord Loreburn, the ; simplicity itself, the money that could be so easily present Lord Chancellor, is a little over sixty, and has I frittered away, upon them going towards good boots been a widower for the past three years, other notable I and gloves. Little and good is the Parisienne's motto, instances of widowed statesmen being Sir Edward 1 whether she be of high or low degree, and in this Grey, Lord Tweedmouth, Sir Henry Campbell- direction we all still have much to learn from her. Bannerman, and Lord Aithorp. Like that of Viscount I The Now Fichus.—Old world fichns, carried out in St. Aldwyn'se-formerly Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, Lord the same fabric as the dress, if it happens to be one of Lorebnrn's peerage is quite new, and he is still perhaps I the soft, draping varieties, otherwise of fine muslin, or better known as Sir Robert Reid. He has a fine place I lace, are likely to be in great request this winter. on the Kentish coast, overlooking the Downs. and is i Renovators will rejoice at this, Dame Fashion's latest frequently seen on the golf links at Deal. His wedding I whim, as many a middle-aged or elderly blouse can thus will afford yet another instance of close relationship 'be smartly brought up to date. Usually the fichn is between two families opposed in politics and although I drawn down to a point at the back of the waist, and the peerage is new the Hicks-Beach family is a very old lightly caught together in front, with a bow of black one, the baronetcy dating as it does from 1619. velvet ribbon drawn through a real, or imitation, The Craze for Cheapness.—There has rarely been a diamond buckle. conference which has provided so many subjects for Turning Night into Day:—The old saying that there keen' discussion as that which was held by the National are always 19 fine days In October, has been sadly at Union of Women Workers at Manchester. We are fault this year. and what fine weather has been vouch- accustomed to speak of women as the "Weaker sex" salad us, has been mostly at night. It is a perverse but these ladies seem to be at any rate very strong in ordering of things which gives us fine nights and wet their opinions as to what the world requires, in order days, although not so strange as other anomalies which to set it right. For some of the reforms which were we create for ourselves. For half the year or more we advocated, an excellent case was made out, and among lie in bed wbile the sun rides in the heavens, dead to the minor questions raised, was one introduced by Dr, the world during the most part of the 24 hours, while Mary Murdock, which ought to command the assent and at the other end we try our eyes and spend money to practical acceptance of every right-minded person, light oar evenings. Many people live to turn night She appealed to well-to-do women, never to buy in into day, as far as they can, and the fashionable woman cheap markets, and never to hurry their dressmakers or who devotes but little time to her morning and after- milliners for frocks or hats. The poor, it is to be feared, noon attire, will spend two or three horns in dressing must buy in the cheapest market they can find, although for dinner and an hour or two's music Or bridge after- that market rarely furnishes them with the best value wards. We cannot help it if the worst of the weather for their money, but upon those who have larger means is alloted to us in the daytime, but it may be doubted there isno such compulsion, and they might well give whether there is much wisdom in Moore's lines, that some thought to the condition under which the goods , 1" The best of all nays, to lengthen our days, is to steal have been produced. No doubt in this matter, as in a few hours from the night." _ _ . __ .

WOMEN'S GHAT.

MADGE.

many others, evil is wrought by want of thought as well as want of heart." But still it is a question which merits attention, like that other point to which Dr. Murdock drew attention, of the unkindness involved in

hurrying the milliner and dressmaker, which is apt to impose overwork upon the assistants. Early Marriages.—Miss Kathleen Hobbs urged her audience at Manchester—mostly working-class women —not to marry before the age of twenty-five. It has been said that a man,y,hatever his age may be, should

_ marry a woman half iiis age, plus s-even year. This would give the bride of twenty-five a husband of thirty- six, and this could certainly not be _called an early

. naarriage. There has been m progress for some years, a tendency, towards later marriages, especially among the better-to-do classes, and there are several reasons why it should be less rnArked among the working-class population. To the first place a bachelor, whether living by himself or with relatives, is not so comfortable in a house where there are no servants, and the artisan, as a rule, has no servant to wait upon him. Moreover he begins to earn his full wages much earlier in life than the professional man attains to his maximum income and then again the workingches girl loses the charm of youth more quickly than the one who is brought up to a life of ease and luxury. These are some of the chief forces which make for early marriages, but. acting in

the other direction, are -the grea-t-er- facilities -DOW offered, for earning their .own living—which tends to

check hasty marriages probably trueli more effectively than platform homilies. The Low Payment of Wornens' Work.—From an industrial point of view, the prospect of marriage has quite an opposite,influence upon men and women. In the case of the man.it does not alter his career, and is

an inducement to him to _make greater efforts to earn

more wages and succeed in life, but, fcr a woman, marriage, in the. vast majority of cases,alters everything

and the- Prospect that she may only have to temporarily earn her own living, naturally tends to make her slack regarding the conditions of her employment. This explains the reason why women workers are so much less effectively organised than men. The remedy urged

===== 0002601_19071102_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
WHICH IS WORSE?

Worry or indigestion? It is a puzzle, but in one respect indigestion is the smaller evil. No amount of effort, or advice, or medicine avails against worry or its causes, but indigestion can be tackled with confi- dence if one goes about it in the right way. It is very true that a stitch in time saves nine, and in the case of some of the more valued recipes a dose in time will save A great amount of suffering. To steer clear of the loss of energy and the absence of pleasure in life and work, which is only the first fruit of indigestion, recourse should be had to a teaspoonful after meals and at bedtime of the following valuable prescription : —Two eunces Glycerine of Pepsine ; ore ounce liarox Compound ; and one ounce Compound Syrup of Hypophosphites. Your chemist will supply any quan- tity in these proportions, or you can mix them at home by sbakino, well in bottle. Try for a fortnight and note result. Cure should te taken to impress upon the chemist the necessity of dispensing this medicine exactly as prescribed.

HUNTER, FIRES INTO DYNAMITE.

South Lorain (Ohio), Sndny,

Every building in the town has been damaged by-the explosion of a dynamite ITlREazine belonging to a local merchant. The windows of all 104 stores and houses were broken, and the chi refi was wrecked. The explosion was caused by a hunter s%ho fired into the magazine, and was himsetf blown to atoms.—Reuter.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTER'S LONG JOURNEY.

After sending a letter, posted at Shipley, for delivery at Bingley, Yorks, three miles distant, across the Atlantic to the United States, the Post Officenutborities on delis ering it a month late, demanded 4d. from the indignant address for the extra journey !

' , ,11111 . - .. . -, . • . . . . . . • . The Wonderful Medicine . . - - IRS-011d Tablet :form. C FOR . AUTUM/4 is so prolific of throat and chest troubles, -' oughs.--.-f.j because the bright afternoons are so often followed by chilly '. .- - . ,--, V nights and misty mornings, with the result that the wearing i-k I iii• , of thicker clothing is forgotten until a chill has struck , ‘,./ 01 5...-li'v. through to the lungs and chest. , ~ _ ' _________ • .•,.• . In Peps, that wonderful medicine compressed into solid - . -,,,:y:c-1.--*I :: -. :•,... i tablet form, we have a cure for and safeguard against , mar nig. autumnal throat and chest troubles. For the weak-chested, . t ._..___.__,______..„..,,.._.:r.: and those subject to coughs, colds, and bronchitis, Peps are . -• . :!--,:-.t..•_'(- the most indispensable medicine, for Peps contain none of .1. St W.; the opiates and chloral of cheap lozenges, and, unlike any -• ...,34iitr , . ,_ r,...- sav . liquid medicine, they reach the actual seat of disease. • T.›,l;•; • ...--. (5 . 4„..: You simply take a Pep from its preserving wrapper of ~.., i 1 I silver paper, place it on the tongue, and breathe down into ; -•. . ,„,..: „ ~,,,,,4 the throat and lungs the wonderfully soothing and healing .--' • -: .!,',.",rtii.:E. ..1 medicinal fumes which arise as the tablet dissolves. In -, - this unique Peps fashion a safe, drugless and strength- . , :;,,,4 . . rolle' *'l ' ' B iha . ..,..,...., ~....„.•., giving medicine is carried, with the air we breathe, direct to co.. ?-- t 4,.,, the furthermost recesses of the lungs, by way of the throat 1 - ~, :. -dO and bronchial tubes. -.A.."; ' The great and fundamental difference between Peps - St-, ' •2-It.- ,Alo`. and all these old-fashioned methods of treating throat and 11...-. . ...---,41/4-:."--.;,. chest houbles is that the volatile medicine in Peps is .- 11170d1'1V ~,. bleathed direct into the lungs, and not swallowed into the ChM- ~::' 'stomach like ordinary liquid cough-medicines and drugs • ,-.....-s. sucked from cheap cough lozenges. ° . Troubje....: Of all Chemists, 111 nnd 2, 9. Ste Me short, distinctive litle—Posst—on every ism •• ' ' .." . ' ' ••-a' -. / t:,; . 3,111; ; -1<•71 - ••••• ,'- . . .: i ' ,--,;',•.•••71::--;:',,, - - , -

===== 0002601_19071102_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
=ME

===== 0002601_19071102_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday November 2, 1907.

WOMAN'S REALM.

He lies in the adjoining room. Dr. Thorne is there."

"Talbot dead ? " she said. It was hard to believe.

He inclined his head. "Yes." "How—how did it happen ? " she ask. td in a whisper. He shook his head. "I cannot tell you Ido not know. rionly know how they found them. They must have fallen from the viaduct, but Lo v, I cannot say." --Mr. Selby is here," she whispered. "Would —would you like to see him ? " As the Earl made a gesture of indifferent assent, Mr. Selby knocked at the door and entered.

"Forgive me, my lord'," he said, "but I must ask you to come with me. You are a magistrate, and are needed. I have sent a carriage for Lord Saintsbury, another magistrate." The Earl, assisted by Veronica, rose and followed Mr. Selly. They passed the room in which Talbot's shattered body lay, and entercd the dressing-room to which Gibbon had been carried. _ _ _

He, too, had been terribly shattered by the fall, but, strange to say, was still alive; and he lay with his bruised and battered face half covered with bandages and E o deathlike that but for the occasional flickering of his eyelids he had all the appearance of a corpse. Dr. Thorne, who was kneeling beside him administering restoratives, looked up and uttered a sigh of relief.

"Glad you've come, my lord," he said, in a hushed voice. "He is alive still. 'He has spoken —just a word. The spine it is a marvel that he should have lived. He cannot last long. Something seems to worry him, to be on his mind."

They looked down at the death-stricken man with silent awe. It was evident that his mind was not at peace,-for he moved his head from time to time restlessly, and his lips opened, but only with a moan. After awhile Lord Saintsbury was admitted, went to the Earl's side, and watched like the rest. _ _ _

Suddenly Gibbon's eyes opened and, drawing a long breath, he looked round. "The Earl--a magistrate !" he gasped. Lord Saintsbury came to the bedside and bent down. "The Earl is here. lam a magistrate, too. What is it you want to say, my poor fellow ? " he asked.

Gibbon tried to raise himself, but, of course, could not do so. "He—he did it," he said, in a voice strangely mechanical and calm, indeed almost indifferent. "Put—put me on my oath; there.'s—there's witnesses here, aren't they ? " "Administer the oath," said Mr. Selby, in a low and eager voice. "For Heaven's sake be quick, my lord! You do not know how much depends----" The oath was administered, and after a painful effort the dying man managed to gasp out in broken sentences, which would have been inaudible if Lord Saintsbury had not knelt beside him and almost put his ear to the bleeding lips: "He did it—my master, Mr. Talbot. I followed him to the woods and saw him try and steal the pocket-book—" "Pocket-book? What pocket-book ? " muttered Mr. Selby to himself as he bent over the dying man.

"They fought for it, and Mr. Talbot 'stabbed him. Then, when he'd gone for the spade—I— took the pocket-book from the body. It's—it's —feel in the breast-pocket of my coat." Mr. Selby felt and clutched the precious object, and Gibbon drew a long breath, as if of relief.

"I've—l've carried it there ever since. I—l know why he did it. I've read the certificates. He—he knew Oa Ralph Farringdon was the Earl's son. He—he wanted to rob him. But " 'with a twist of the battered lips—"l—l spoilt his game. You'll—you'll find his clothes, his dress clothes, in my box. They're all stained and soiled with the mould. He gave 'em to me the—the fool !—and they're just as—as he left 'em." _ _ _

His voice died away, and he struggled for breath; then suddenly he went through the awful scene on the viaduct, repeating almost every word that lmd passed as if he and Talbot were still face to face.

" ' Beast ' 'drunken beast dog cur ' ! He always treated me like that. I was like the dirt under his feet. hated him—hated him! He used to steal out in an old coat to—to Isaac's gambling place. He—he was a bad lot, a thorough bad lot. Worse than me, gaol—gaol- bird as I was ! " .

There was silence for a moment or two, in which the horrified group about brill avoided each other's eyes; then the broken, gasping voice went on:

"Ah,,would you! I can see it in your face! There's murder there, as there was the night you killed the man! But I'm as strong as you Mr. Talbot! You can't force me over. It's death, death, death! But I'm strong. Ah, Heavens, I'm going! But not alone. No, no! If I go you shall go with met I'll held you! Ah, we're over!

• He tried to rise; his arms were flung out and embraced the empty air with a spasmodic, an awful gesture. The white face was convulsed with a hideous hate and almost as hideous a terror, and when the arms fell they still seemed to strain at some object between them. With a last effort the wretched man raised his head and; staring straight before him, gasped : "Together—yes, together! You shan't escape No, no! I'll hang you—hang you!" The terrible voice stopped suddenly. Dr. Thorne looked up and quickly drew the sheet over the wreck of a face.

- "lt is all over," he said. The Earl drew Veronica to him. She was shaking, and moaning all unconsciously. "It is all over," repeated Dr. Thorne, rather quaveringly. "The man is dead." "And Lord Denby is cleared," said Mr. Selby in a low voice, which, for all its gravity, had a note of solemn exultation, as he watched Lord Saintsbury close his note-book,

CHAPTER XXXIII. An enormous crowd collected in the market- place at Halsery, and some time before the hour op which the court opened converged on the court-house. The news of the death of Talbot Denby and his valet Gibbon, and the rumour that the latter had confessed to being an eye-witness of his master's crime, had been Started almost as soon as Gibbon's last words had been gasped out, and the rumour, confirmed by servants from Lynne Court, having been strengthened into "reliable intelligence," the populace, already intensely interested in Ralph Farringdon and his fate, were all ablaze with excitement. As they surged before the court-house and pressed against the heavy old doors they shouted and yelled, and there were not a few voices actually clamouring for Ralph's release. The court was to sit at eleven, and as the hands of the clock were nearly upon the hour a cry rose from the mob, for the Lynne Court carriage was seen coming along the High-street. In it were seated the Earl ,and'Veronica. It was noticed by the eager mob that they were both in mourning,.and that Lord Lynborough was deathly pale. Veronica, too was pale, but a light shone in her eyes which .the crowd that thronged round the carriage was quick to interpret. Someone started a cheer, but it was promptly hushed by those who remembered that at Lynne Court lay the dead body of the man whom they had all learnt to regard as its future master. The Earl and Veronica entered by the magistrates' door, and soon afterwards the public were admitted, and the small court was instantly crammed by as many of the excited- and eager mob as could squeeze into it. All the magistrates were on the Bench, excepting Lord Saintsbury, who stood in the body of the court talking to Mr. Selby, upon whom all eyes were centred. Veronica went up to Mr. Selby and held out her hands, both hands indeed. "Does—does he know..?" she whispered, her lovely face all aglow. "Have you told him? What have you told him? They would not let me see him last night or this morning." Mr. Selby nodded. "Forgive me, but that was by my orders—or advice rather. I feared that you would tell him that his innocence had been proved." "As it has ! " she breathed. "Oh, as it has ! " "Forgive mo, Miss Veronica—not yet. There is many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip--" "()h, Mr. Selby, a proverb at such a moment ! " she breathed with piteous. reproach.

"I know, I know; but we lawyers muse be careful. Until the Bench has heard the evidence I would not risk telling Raluh—Lord Denby— that he was sate. but I told him enough to give him hope, though I need scarcely have done that. Have you noticed—what •a noise they make, and how excited they aro ! " he broke off, Looking round at the seething crowd; "I can

scarcely make myselr heard—have you noticed that he has been the most hopeful, the most confident of all of us ? " "Is there anything I haven't noticed ! " she . said in a low voice. 'lt is because he knew that the truth would pre--" "Oh, proverbs at such a moment!" he murmured, smiling, and with a very fair imitation ' of her voice. "You see, I'm so happy that I can joke, MieeVeronica—" "Silence ! " called the clerk. Veronica stole back to her place beside the Earl, who sat with his hands resting on his stick, his white head bent as if he were unconscious of the crowd, the noise, and the excitement. But as the prisoner was ushered into the dock the old man raised his head and looked—with what love and remorse, and pride !—at the handsome face, the "clear' just" eyes. For the first time since his arrest Ralph's face looked strained, as if he were feeling the suspense, the delay. His eyes went from his father to Veronica, and something in hers made his own flash and his face glow with colour. The crowd was not stilled into silence until , Mr. Selby rose, then you could have heard a pin drop—if it could have dropped between the I packed people. He was almost as pale as the prisoner had been when he entered the court, ' and for the first time his usual calm and steady voice wavered. "Your worships," he said, "when the court adjourned yesterday I was calling as a witness Mr. Talbot Denby." He paused a moment, then went on with deep solemnity. "He could not be found. Since then he has been summoned to another Tribunal and has appeared before another Judge. He has quitted this mortal scene, and with his dis- appearance my task is over." Ralph uttered a faint cry. "I leave the case from this moment in the hands of my friend Mr. Graham, who represents the. Crown, and, I may add, the interests of justice." He sat down, the crowd moved restlessly and impatiently, and a man - was heard to say com- plainingly: "Why doan't 'cc let 'im free to oncet Mr. Graham rose: He, too, was pale and very grave. "Your worships," he said, "I am grateful to Mr. Selby for leaving to me the task of clearing up the mystery of this painful case. I will not take up the time of the court by addressing you, but will call—" "Let him free, let him free ! " shouted the crowd, but it was quieted by the clerk and the police, and one after another the witnesses—the boy who found the bodies, and Dr. Thorne, who proved the death of master and man—passed through the witness-box. Then, as the crowd grew almost unmanageable, Lord Saintsbury entered, and in low, but clear tones read Gibbon's confession. I it was listened to with an almost intolerable impatience, the people looking eagerly from Ralph, who stood gripping the edge of the dock, to the Earl and Veronica. "Nough said ! " shouted a woman. "Let 'un go! Let the young lord free; he've been there in that shameful place long enow !" !i Old Lord Sebrow, who acted as chairman of the Bench that morning, held up his hand, and at length succeeded in obtaining silence. "The Crown withdraws the charge, Mr. Graham ? " i "Yes, my lord, with sincere regret that it should have been made." "Silence,_ please! Ralph Farringdon," said Lord Sebrow. "Lord Denby, Lord Denby ! " shouted the crowd. I "Ralph Farringdon, otherwise Lord Denby," said the old lord, making himself heard with difficulty, "it is our pleasant duty to tell you that we find the charge made against you is not proven; in fact,- we know that you are innocent of the crime of which you are accused, and we discharge you. You leave this court with a character unstained as far as this case is concerned, and we echo the regret expressed by the prosecutor for the Crown." Ralph bowed liis head. "I thank you, my lord,' he said in a low but clear voice; and his eyes went straight to Veronica. • His words had been almost drowned by the roar of the crowd, which, disregarding the injunetiont of the police, now swayed towards the dock with outstretched hands. One or two of the persons nearest to him had seized his arms, and before they could be prevented, had lifted him bodily from the shameful place, and, setting him on their shoulders, bore him into the open air. I Hero they were received by the mass of people who had been unable to get into the court, with an outburst of cheering that was well-nigh deafening. The Lynne carriage was drawn up • opposite the magistrates' entrance, and the "iiersons—there were women amongst, them—who • were carrying Ralph placed him in it, and the mob pressing round it threw up their caps and shouted triumphantly. No doubt not a few of them forgot that he was no longer Ralph Farringdon the gamekeeper, "one of ourselves," as they put it, and were under the impression that his acquittal and liberation represented a triumph of the "masses" over the "classes." Another reason for their excessive joy may be . found in the fact that Ralph had been a favourite with all—excepting the poachers—and , that before the charge of murder he had already I been a popular hero in consequence of his rescue of Ada. I "Thank you, thank you!" he said. "I'm as glad as you are that I've been cleared of this elarge." 1 "Aye, cleared, sure enow," said a voice indignantly. "But how would it a-been if I Vogler as did it had na met his fele ! " I The words struck a note that the speaker had not contemplated, for they recalled the fact that I Ralph's cousin, the nephew of the old man who was just then coming towards them, lay dead at Lynne Court. A silence fell as suddenly as that when a mill wheel stops. A Hand had been , stretched out from the blue ether to snatch • Ralph from mortal peril, but at the same time It I had dealt out to the guilty an awe-inspiring punishment. So, in comparative silence, they made way for the Earl and Veroniett. Ralph leaped from the carriage and clasped his 'father by both hands, and they looked into each other's eyes for a moment; then Ralph took Veronica's hand and raised it to his lips. I At this the enthusiasm of the crowd, which had not been extinguished but was only smouldering, blazed up again, and a cry of sympathy ran through the serried mass. Ralph assisted the Earl and Veronica into the carriage, I and the old man stood erect—a striking figure at I that electric moment—and held up his hand. There were many there who had borne the great Lord Lynborough no great goodwill. He had been a hard, if a just, landlord. He had never shewn the least sympathy with the people on his lands' the stranger within his gates. He had lived the life of a morose recluse. But as they stared at him they were one and all conscious that the man—old as he was—had changed. The austere face had softened, the hard eyes were aglow with a novel sympathy, the once haughty frown had gone, and the thin lips, which many had never seen but with a cynical smile, quivered with emotion. They moved once or twice as if he were speaking, but the words were inaudible, but at last those near him heard the murmur: "My friends—thank God with me—my son was lost and is found. My son—my dear son." As he turned away to hide the tears that did not shame his manhood but proved it, his baud sought Ralph's and held it.

• When Ralph and Veronica came back from their honeymoon—they had been married three months after the day of his acquittal—there were, of course, great doings at Lynne Court. It shall be left to the local newspapers to describe those doings, and extremely well the local newspapers accomplished their pleasant task; but it may be allowed him who has set down this much of the history of Veronica and Ralph Denby, to recount one little scene which occurred on the night—the culminating night—of the prolonged festivities.

The people, gentle and simple—and they mixed as one class on this occasion—had gone, and Veronica had thrown herself upon the settle before the blazing tire in the hall. It was winter when they returned from their honey- moon. Ada. who was almost a permanent visitor

===== 0002601_19071102_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

PRINCESS MARY OF WALES

The sound common sense and wisdom dis- ;.layed by the Princess of Wales in training he- family is well known, says a correspondent, and it is an interesting sight .to see little Princes= Hary of Wales enter a certain West-End post- office to deposit money in her Savings Bank ac- count. "Mary of Wales," as the department knows her, is generally accompanied by her French governess.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
USEFUL COSTUME FOR COUNTRY WEAR

Of a very smart and useful type is the becom- ing walking costume pictured in our sketch. Just the thing for regular country walking or driving wear, it is equally suitable for mornirrs shopping or every-day use in town. The mate- rial in which it is realised is a firm, heavy clot': of a very pretty dark blue shade, a material which will stand any amount 'of wear and tear and yet contrive to look smart and nice. From. the neck of the hip-long coat turn back revere

and collar of black astrakhan, the same service- able fur being used for the, gauntlet cuffs on the plain sleeves. The coat fastens down the front in single-breasted fashion with four large but- tons, a line of machining running down the edge on either side and being continued round the bottom. A row of machining also outlines the long breast seams, which add greatly to the "bang" and general effect of the coat. The skirt, which is cut of sensible walking length, is box-pleated all round, the pleats being firmly machined down for about a third of their length and then released.

• •••frn,--,:41%.‘. Ari.7riki / , IV ' i N.l ) • x 111 \ :\ 4 4';11 H .! ~ •.%,i,ri, ,I 0 7.,.., . : • 1 , • \ / . \\\ ! 1 ,------- /..' ' ii,' \A • ,_l_.'L--- / ____

===== 0002601_19071102_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
FASHIONS IN THE HUNTING FIELD

In the matter of fashion there is little to re- count as regards dress for the hunting field, says a Globe fashion writer. It is changed from season to season solely in tiny details, observed only by the initiated. The one great change noticeable by all is the increased wear of the divided skirt, its open advertisement by the well known habit makers, and the advance that is be- ing gained inch by inch each season by the astride position in the saddle for our sex. There is no difference in the length of skirt, and there is no patent for safety more depended upon than the apron-cut, which is now so generally used for hunting. How anyone can think it more modest and womanly than the divided skirt we cannot imagine. Even among the women who ride astride there is tome difference of opinion as to the neatest and best style of clothes. Several believe in riding breeches, top-boots, and a long loose skirted coat hanging well over the knee at either side. Wearing of veils by hunting women is now much more general than it was. pis is because of the difficulty of keep- ing hair sightly. It is not a fashion to be en- couraged; fancy a man riding to hounds with a veil on! If such things must be worn, they should be of clearest mesh, strong, comfortably and tautly fixed,- with never a spot about them.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
JAPANESE SILK BLOUSE.

Materials may come and go, but Jap silk re- mains perennially popular and fashionable. It is precisely in this most useful of materials that the charming blouse pictured in our sketch is realised. The upper part is cut in the form of a deep yoke, pointed in front, and slightly rounded over the shoulders. This yoke is edged by a wide Valenciennes insertion of rather heavy make, above which comes a row of spots embroi- dered in ivory washing silk. Above again comes

AA

a second row of insertion and another row of embroidered spots, the yoke being completed by a neckband of insertion and embroidered silk. Just in the middle of the front, below the point, comes a sort of tab or exten- sion of the yoke, which is made of insertion and the spot-embroidered. silk. The fulness of the material is set on to the yoke and tab in a series of short tucks, which are released in a line sloping from either side towards the small centre box-pleat, which is continued right to the waist. The sleeves are of the new shape —full at the shoulder and fitting closely below the elbow, the .back of the arm being finished with a row of embroidered buttons. HATS OF THE MOMENT.

Those that we see mostly in London now, as the result of the autumn purchases, are of good size and breadth, says the Queen, and horn them hang a perfect forest of feathers that have a most comical effect. Flowers and feathers alike are being dyed in tones from red to mauve, but white ones seem to have the preference over any the paradise plumes, which people are wear- ing of enormous size, fluttering from the side; caught in a breeze they assume, most varying aspects. Covered hats find some favour; moire, velvet, and cloth, but they nearly all have a gigantic pouf of feathers, and some of the khaki shades aro a feature in fashions. Stiff aigrettes rise from the centre of many of these headdresses, but in Paris smaller sizes arc preparing, and though an abundance of feathers are introduced, they are laid flat. The mousquetaire is a favour- ite shape in felt, with high crown and undulating brim.

:::,. \ :;.- , .11":71.%-r- ,t, y•\ •••:.-- 4-...ct,-,,,-) :r A • -:.r" , ~.,;`,' • . . /I - (.. !, . .4.. .. \ tiapi. 1 ' 41,. ~*, •\ . \44, , AI , tvE •ii 1)2/ , , , . • .-., . .4,i,„, / ~, ~,.,,,, / ~.., ~., :.,.,...,,,..,.?,,_ „......I. , ~, ~,k ,H. I

===== 0002601_19071102_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-IJAY'S RECIPE.

MACARONI EGGS.—First make a thick NOIRE) sauce with half-a-pint of milk and a tablespoon- ful each of butter and flour. Season with pepper, Salt, and a few drops of tarragon vinegar; stir while it boils. Cook some large macaroni in salted water, drain very dry, and mix with half the white .sauce and a teaspoonful of chopped parsley. Have ready some grated ham or tongue. Butter a pie-dish and in it place a layer of maca- roai and sauce, then a layer of the tongue or Pam. riace on tnis as many raw eggs as your dish will hold. Over the eggs place another layer of grated tongue and fill up with macaroni. Cover the whole with the remainder of the white sauoe. Bake till the eggs are set.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IMMIERMI

===== 0002601_19071102_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESBRYBD.3

THE VERDICT OF THE HEART.

By CHARLES GARVICE,

author or "Her Heart's Desire," "In Cupid's Chains,".."Just a Girl," "Nance," "The Out- cast of the Family," "A Coronet of Shame," .5M

===== 0002601_19071102_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXXII,

At the moment Talbot and Gibbon were stung,gling on the wall of the viaduct, Mr. Selby enteral the hotel and asked for Miss Denby and Mr. Saintsbury.

They saw bi his face—which was an eloquimt excepting When he was in court or wish•A to vonceal his thoughts—that he had something of in:porta:lce to communicate to them ; and Veionic.,, entered the sitting-room in a state of sill: pressed excitement- not 'unmixed with a va•4;ie fear and dread.

"What is it, Mr. Selby ? " she asked, appre- hensively. see that something has happen3l. Wily did' you call my cousin, Mr. Talbot L'enb-i, as ‘vitness ? " she added with a woman's _

a.uie I wanted bim forgive me, .I;iss Veronica—" it was wonderful bo..v soon all b:-:r fritmls got to calling her by 11,2 r Christian name ; they exetned themselves by saying that it was so beautiful; they really meant that the owner was so lovable—"but I wanted him in many senses of the word. am going to ask you to be brave, and I know I shan't ask in vain, for you, have been—well, simply heroic during this hard time. But prepare yourself for ill shock. Miss Veronica, 1 think—indeed, I am nearly sure— that I have found the mar—criminal."

Veronica sank into a chair, and Mr. Saintsbury and Burchett, who had entered the room, exclaimed.

Mr. Selby nodded. "Yes. In my opinion he man who killed James Oatway was Iliss Veronica, I have warned-you ; you will be calm? —is "—his voice dropped—" Mr. Talbot Denby ! " Nowithstanding the .warning, Veronica started, and a cry. of horror and incredulity escaped her. "Talbot!" she said. ,"Oh, no, no! It is impossible !" .„ "Nothing is so possible as the impossible," he said; ' "nothing is so - certain to occur as the unexpected. That is a truism which is brought home to us lawyers every day in the week. Listen. My suspicions were first koused by the fact that Mr. Denby had been ou .in the woods that night, and that he had—denied it." "He wanted to avoid being mixed up with the ease," murmured Veronica. "Besides, what motive could Talbot have in—in killing the man? What connection was there between them ? "

"The first question I can't answer definitely, though I can give a tolerable guess; the other I can. Look at this." He took a silver match- box from his pocket. "If you remember, this was found on the body. At the time no one thought anything about it. It is true that it has' the Denby crest, but the man might have picked it up, or stolen it. "Yes, yes! " she assented, eagerly. "Oh, yea!" " Yes ; but, on the other hand, it may have been given him by Mr. Talbot Denby. Anyway, Groser, to whom I shewed it just now, says that he noticed it in Oatway's hand the day of the murder, and that he had not seen it in his possession before then; and he could not have failed to observe it if Oatway had possessed it, used it. Now, there is the connection between the two. It is a small, almost invisible link; but it is a link, and I think I can construct the rest of the drama from it."

"How ? " aslod Mr. Saintsbury. "By Mr. Denby's aid," replied Mr. Selby. "I am going to ask him a few questions. There are several ways of asking questions, but I know of one—it is common property to us lawyers—by which the interrogated is led on to answer more than he is asked. For instance, I shall ask Mr. Talbot if he minds my smoking, and shall borrow a match. He will not have one, or he will bring out a brand-new match-box. I shall admire it, remark on its newness, and he will volunteer the statement that he bought it to replace an old one which he lost—he will say a long while ago. Then—" he shrugged his shoulders—"well, I shall forge that chain, Miss Veronica. I am going to the Court to see Mr. Talbot. You will say nothing to Mr. Ralph—beg pardon—Lord Denby ? " He had himself driven to Lynne Court and inquired for Mr. Denby. "Mr. Denby went by the 4.30. He was called to town on important business, sir," said the butler.

"Bad news ? " asked Mr. Selby. "What a beautiful place you have here. Great responsibility for you! I hope it wasn't bad news?" The butler shook his head. "I'm afraid that there—there was something wrong, sir," he said, gravely. "I heard his- lordship the Earl and Mr. Denby talking, you might say quarrelling, in the library." Mr. Selby drove back to Halsery and got hold of Mr. Grey, and they went to the station. The sleepy-headed porter said that, yes, Mr. Gibbon and Mr. Denby—he put Gibbon first—had driven up to the station, and that they'd gone by the 4.30. Be hadn't seen them get into the train, but Mr. Gibbon had taken the tickets, and, of Eourse' they wouldn't have taken tickets if they hadn't wanted to go. , Selby drew Grey aside.-7" Wire to Scotland -Yard and tell them to keep an eye on Mr. Talbot Denby," he said. Grey started. "Surely you don't suspect---" he exclaimed; Init at last Mr: Selby got the wire sent off. Then he went back to Halsery, and, shutting himself up in his room, went Over the ease point by point. Presently there came a knock at the door and, thinking it was the servant come to tell him that dinner was ready, he called out: "Don't want any dinner. Go away!"

But the door opened and Grey came in. He was pale and excited, and so breathless that he could scarcely speak. . ... . ... .

" There' s—ihe're' s been an accident ! " he stammered.

Mr. Selby frowned ;impatiently. What were accidents to him, engrassed in the case? 'All right. Send for the doctor. What do you bother me for! Any anrer from Scotland Yard yet ?"

Grey shook his head desperately. "No need to wait for that, Mr. Selby. The accident's happened to Mr. Talbot Denby ! " Mr. Selby sprang to his feet all alert and interested. "Mr. Denby ? " "Yes, •he was found lyinc, in the coombe below the viaduct. Geordy Ifilson's boy found them when he was fetching the cows home." " Them ? " queried Mr. Selby. "Yes, his man, his valet, Gibbon, was lying beside hiim. In fact, ,they were lying gripping each other as if—as If they'd been struggling or caught at one another as they fell,"

Mr. Selby was relching down his hat.„"Whero are they ? " he asked. "At Lynne Court," replied Grey. "The boy was frightened—as well he might be !—and ran home screaming. He met some men, and, rccognising Mr. Talbot Denby, they carried both to Lynne Court."

"Get a fly," said Mr. Selby. "I've got one ready." "Are they dead P" a3ked Mr. Selby as the started.

Grey shook his-_head. "I can't say; I didn't stop to inquire, but came to you at-once." Quite right! Hi, stop!" They were opposite the Roebuick. _ _

He ran in and found Veronica. She had heard the news, and was pale and oppressed, by tha tragedy. You will come with me ? "..he said. Earl will want you." For answer she went upstairs, and returned to him in a few minutes with her hat and jacket on. Little was said dining the drive. They found the Court in a. state of excitement—servants standing in groups in the hall, the butler moving about as if he were unconscious of his actions. "The Earl ?" were Veronica's first words.

"The

"In his room, miss. Oh, Miss Veronica, I'm so glad you've come! It's—it's an awful thing!" Veronica went straight to the Earl's room. He was sitting in his chair, his face white and drawn, his hands shaking. - "Veronica!" escaped his lips, with evident thankfulness and gratitude at her presence. "I —I am glad you have come!" She knelt beside him and took his hands in hers. "Tell me, -dear," she murmured, "is—b —he badly injured ? " He looked at her stran9.elv: as if with aril! satisfaction. "Talbot, you mean? He is dead. he said, solemnly. "He was dead when they found him. His man Gibbon is alive—as vet.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
PREVENTS R• INDIGESTION.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
-- Eiffel Tower' ~. 0 --V t. • 7. -71'4 FL UR. A id. packet makes 15 delicious light buns with czrtain success, Almond, Lemon, or Vanilla.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
at tire -Court, was tying on the bearmin on tar hearth. She and Martha had joined in everythln6 that day, and the child had cuite eihaustea herself and was fast mice') with her bead resting Igainst Ralph—Lord Big Man she called him now —and for the first time for several days quiet reigned in the vast house. Veronica leant forward, her hands clasped round her knees, her eyes gazing dreamily at the huge log whose rays lit up her lovely face With a rosy hue. . _

. . "Tired, dearest ? " said Ralph in a low voice, so that he should not wake the sleeping Ada. "No, only a wee bit. I was thinking." "Of what ?" he asked. "Not sad thoughts,. Veronica ? " . _

She raised her lovely eyes and looked at him- with the look that never failed to thrill him,, • then her expression grew a little piteous. "Must I tell you, Ralph ? " she pleaded. "Of course," he responded, mercilessly.;. "You belong to me, thoughts and all, dearest.' "Yes " she assented, and she stretched out her hand. He took it and kissed it and still held it as she said slowly, almost reluctantly, and in ai low voice that is, and always will be, the sweetest music he can hear: . "If I must, Ralph; I was thinking that perhaps, after all, should have liked it better.— Ah, no, I won't say it! It seemi ungrateful, childish." "Speak, I command you!" he murmured, with mock solemnity. "I was thinking how—it would have been—if you you will laugh at me, Ralph! you always do, you know, when I want to be very serious," she broke of?, with the air of a martyr. He shook his head, and laughed softly. But the laugh, instead of discouraging, impelled her; "If you had remained just Ralph Farringdon, if you had gone to Australia, and I had followed you—l should have followed you, Ralph! Nothing, nothing would have prevented me, you know." He nodded. "I can well believe it; there never was half so stubborn a person as Miss Veronica Denby when she had made up her mind."

"Not always, Ralph," she murmured, remorse- fully. "You forget. I yielded once. I let you go —that day in the arbour." "The one exception that proves the rule," he said. "But you soon repented, dearest." "Yes," she admitted with a sigh of satisfac- tion. "I soon repented. I did follow you, Ralph! "—piteously. "But suppose "—she rose and stole to his side and hid her face against his breast—" suppose we had been married—Ws should have been married, Ralph ? " "Without a doubt, I should say," he returned with a smile that only masked his love and pride. "You are the sort of young person who will have her way at all costs.'

"And we had been very poor, and had had a struggle, you and 1, just Mr. and Mrs. Farringdon,' do you think you would have—have care 4 more for me? Oh, wait! Sometimes I think Heaven has been too good to me, made it too—too easy for me. I gave up nothing for you. lam back here "—she looked round the hall - almost regretfully—"l shall reign—not for a long, long time, I hope—where once I served. I have gained everything by my love for you; and—and sometimes—to-night, for instance, now that they have all gone—l think that I should have liked— that it would have been very precious to have sacrificed something for you, to have worked with you for our daily bread, to have starved for. you—ah, Ralph, that would have been sweet to me !—but Providence laughed at me, and all ray dreams of sacrifice and self-denial. You have given me so much—everything !—and I, Ralph, have, after all, given you nothing." He set the child's head gently down on the soft bearskin, and, rising, took Veronica's hand and led her up to the antique mirror gleaming in one of the oaken panels. "Look, dearest," he whispered, and he made' her look at the lovely, blushing face reflected there. "That is what you have given me. De you count it nothing? To me it is the greatest prize, the most precious treasure—" A step sounded in the hall behind them, an the Earl, leaning on his stick, came forvilbra slowly. "They have all gone? Ralph! Veronica I. where are you ? " She turned from Ralph, and putting her arms round the old man's neck kissed him.

He looked down at her tenderly, fondly, then ae said in the voice that had grown so soft and gentle: "Tired, my dear? Why—why—you are crying;, Ralph! What are you crying for, Veronica? She forced a smile as her violet eyes looked from one to the other. "For sheer happiness," she whispered.

[THE END. I

===== 0002601_19071102_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRONIC HARD DRY COUGH Cured after Five Years by

;VENO'S LiCiFITNING COUGH CURE.

TEe evidence in the following interesting letter' of the unfailing and immediate efficacy of Veno.'s Lightning Cough Cure in case of chronic coughs, Is indisputable. Mrs. S. Richards, of No. 1, B 24, Park Street, Aston INlanor, Birmingham, writes :—"I must really congratulate you on the remarkable and speedy effects • of your great cough cure. My little girl, Soplq: six years of age, was a great sufferer for over five years from a bard dry cough whicb,after tbe attacks, left her in a very weakened state. She was attended by several doctors, but their medicine did not cure • her, and even when it did check the cough slightly, took weeks to do it. Hearing at last of your great remedy, we tried a *I. bottle, which I am pleased to say cured her completely in a week." Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is the purest, safest, and most reliable remedy extant for coughs and colds, bronchitis, asthma, catarrh, sore throat, hoarseness, old-age coughs, children's coughs, and, all chest and lung troubles. Price 94d., is. 2s. 9d., of all chemists and drug stores everywhere.

THE WANT OF THE DAY. CRITCHLEYS STARCH -GLOSS- No More SOFT LINRN :when Starobect Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used In every twine. ONCE TRIED, ALWAYS TRIED. MAKES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW% The greatest boon ever offered 0,41" Le.undrees for imparting an Ivory to Starched Linen. Laces. etc. It not stick to spider-web like waterials. Sold by Grocers. Chemists. Stores. ete In Packets at ld..Zd.; and 6d. eacb. RED BY T. CRITCHLEV, t+.111:..T BLACEBURN.

I - V 3 kl% 111 . . • •-, . -..... • f PREPA

===== 0002601_19071102_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;

===== 0002601_19071102_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
DEtvIONSTRATiON IN PARR

HALL

Women Liberals and Prograssive Labour League Join Forces

• -011 Monday evening, Parr Ball was the scene of: nneoromon activity. The Women's Liberal Associa- tion and the Progressive Labour Leaguethad joined • /lauds to give a tea to their members and friends, 1 lelimed by a public meeting presided over by the ! Illetaber for the Borough. To say that the function ;vas a success, does not do justice to the occasion. "le 600 people were expected to sit down to the tea, but in the last few hours prior to the evening the number of purchasers of tickets was unexpectedly i 'doubled. The caterers were faced with the huge task supplying over a thousand people, and right well I did the Winmarlegh Oaf •S Co. and an energetic body I of h • elpers rise to the occasion. It was, of course, luipossible to supply such an unlooked-for number of People with the same celerity as half the number, and the tea was consequently protracted to such a time le caused a del9y in opening the after poceedings. t was eight o'clock by the time the Chairman was able to 'take his place on the platt,rm, and he was supported in addition to the speakers, by a very" .l'epresentative gathering of leading cr Liberals, both ladies and gentlemen. The hall itself was crowded *with an audience which never flagged in its interest, •3ad never failed to applaud enthusiastically the l_ruportant points emphasised by Mr. Crosfield and succeeding speakers. THE MEMBER'S ADDRESS. hThe CHAIRMAN (Mr. Crosfteld) who was received with i4,t-attY and continued applause on rising to speak, said 'ad_was now some time since he had the opportunity of oressing the members of the Women's Liberal 'tesociation and the Progressive Labour League, and he Was sure they would expect him to say something on o_thorent politics before listening to the capable speakers laad to follow him. (Hear, hear.) He was very .-g,,ad indeed to see such a fine giithering, and only sorry !oat there had been some little delay owing to so many 94ore friends coming than they expected. It was a sign the strength of their position—(hear, hear)—and "ciao of them who had been connected with Warrington .Its,,!7litics for many years had seen a different state of uthge in the town, dark days and cloudy skies, and now Perhaps they were entitled to enjoy themselves in the „pa of political prosperity. (Applause) He had had au.,„e., Pleasure of addressing several meetings last week, tr, on Friday night he was afraid he gave the Junior biberals more than they bargained for, dilt he bad not had the pleasure of speaking to • a ladies, whom he was glad to see so well rented that night. He would like in the first tv'tFe to make a few remarks on some of the questions -"loll particularly affected women. It used to be said xears ago that politics were a game between the " ins Zod the outs." He could not honestly say that he ever that view himself, and certainly to-day that ii.escription of politics would be less accurate than ever "vas before, because in this twentieth century our P,olitics affected the lives of all theztren and women in , u`e country, and not least the lives of the children who "vt:_ere to be the future generation. (Hear, hear.) And :,„'whilst a little time back women's sphere of activity iccal government was limited to school boards and uoards of guardians he was happy to think that this gar the legislature had passed an Act through both ouses which extended the sphere of activity for (rcen to the whole of municipal administration. I,PPlause.) He was sure they would agree with him (`;',at that was a really honest measure of social reform. r,,PPlause.)' He felt very,earnestly that women's influ- "ce on all such questions as the feeding of children,the kieservation of infant life—and another question which Humphry Ward had taken such a a. teat interest in, the establishment of play-centres for children in ?cr cities—he felt most stroz,gly that women's influence all these questions would be of incalculable benefit the whole nation. (Hear, hear, and applause). was also the question of factory inspection, itttiu thrre had been a good deal of criticism of the uck of proper inspection of the women employed in ctories He was sure they would enjoy listening to u's Views of Miss Balgarnie, who bad such a loPathetic insight into the semi problems affecting aboraen, and who might have something to say also sh"t the co-operation of women about which Mr. „ ackleton was telling him some interesting things in eule TVlouse of Commons the other day. It was remark- OW_ trade unionism was progressing among wonien,aud he would like to say a word or two more on TRADE UNIONISM. ce of the actions of the Government which he sub- sloitted for their approval was their recognition of pde unionism in Government services. (Applause.) ,saufeY wanted to know why trade unionists could be 4, eIY recognised in a great national institution like Zue Post Office, why if they had proved of advantage in 4" great industry like the coal trade, and other trades, 71s, Ni'as admitted by both employer and employee, why -.ere was any risk, danger or disadvantage in trade aionists being recognised on the railways. (Loud -e"nislause.) He had had some little correspond- i n the Warrington papers on this question th a correspondent signing himself " Nulli loundus," whom he thanked for the friendly tone his last letter. The speaker could assure eursoua all thatawhatever doubt might have existed in his lirespondent's mind, so far as he was concerned there c been none with regard to the serious issue. new 4,llPre them. As he had told a reporter of the London ste"ailY Chronicle "whatever else happened the first P should have been a preliminary conference. (year, revar-) What could they think of an Englishman in so „„BtPonsible a position and with an issue like this to be tled who was not ready to meet his brother English- ro across a table ? (Loud applause.) Let the matter be •:1113, discussed. (Hear, bear.) He was most strongly, Ipd had been from the outset, in favour of the recog- ttion of trade unionists on the railways, and he did elieve that it was only a question of time before that oognition was bound to come. (applause.) Mr. roafield then proceeded to allude to some of the more :coPortant of recent measures, such as the Bill for Leeuring better food for our seams.% better air space :4,U4d better accommodation down below—he was speaking `tZ the ship of course.(Laughter.)Then there was the ex- 118i0Trief the Compensation forlnjuries Act which was ~232atter of really enormous importance to the whole of PopulationUt because it had been calculated that the 7ztension of the Act would benefit fully six million orkers. (Applause.) There were other questions which fr did not wish to touch on that night because they ucPed to have the pleasure of hearing about them from the ONE OF THE BEST LIBERALS nad ever had in Cheshire—(applause)--one of most liberal-minded landowners in England. tbPPlause.) He was hoping Mr. Tomkinson would tell ,era something about the land question on which he .7aa so great an authority. Speaking of the Act known Zs the Farmers' Charter,Mr. Crosfleld said that the other .111 V he spent a short time with Mr. Tomkinson and saw of the prosperous little homes on his estate. It ec.ecrred to him that if all landowners had had the ladora to utilise their opportunities in the same .t_ashion it would not have been necessary for the State " intervene. (Applause.) Passing on to THE EDUCATION QUESTION rhte. Crosfield said he knew there were temptations to Oir oPponents to make a little party capital out of it. 4" Would not grudge his Tory friends that opportunity. f.jriend of his had written him to say that he noticed he Llvir• Crosfield) was "on the stump again, and that ho tltta not only cracking up his own party, but tre.rting 'e Conservative party very unkindly when it was

at the very nadir of its misfortunes." (Laughter.) He thought that party was pretty well at the nadir of its misfortunes-,-(hear, bear)—but he had no desire to treat his Tory friends cruelly. They had had a long political innings, and we had now bowled them out and given them a very bad beating. It was just as well they should recognise it was their turn to sit in the pavilion a bit and let others do a little batting. (Hear, bear and applause.) He would just add that he had never seen compromise and toleration pushed further than they were by Mr. Birrell and Lord Crewe—(hear, hear)—in their efforts to deal with a very complicated situation. (applause.) Knowing how interested War- rington was in the education question be took the opportunity of having a chat with Mr. Birrell about it in the House and more recently he had discussed it with him in Switzerland. Be had also had a talk with Mr. Brgenna, who would have charge of the Bill next year, but he had never met anyone with a larger or more liberal mind than Mr. Birrell. (Applause.) He did not know anyone who had broader and fuller sympathies with Ireland. In regard to the Education Bill, the speaker knew perfectly well the dissatis- faction felt by many of the Liberal side because of the lengths to which Mr. Birrell carried compromise, but he (Mr. Crosfield) supported him right and left, and if they wanted to know why the Bill was finally rejected by the House of Commons he could give them a piece of information. He was not quoting anything said by Mr. Birrell or Mr. McKenna, he did not know what the Bill next year would contain, but he knew on very good authority indeed one of the reasons which weighed —not with the great body of Liberal Churchmen who would have liked to see the Bill through—but with the small set of men of very extreme views in the Church of England whose views had been apparent in dealing with the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill as well as educa- tion. These men said "We will not pass this Bill because you have been too kind to the Catholics." (hear, hear and applause.) He c,ubmitted that this was a. matter of very great importance, and worthy the con- sideration of the Catholics in Warrington when an attempt was made on the other side to play the party game and manufacture political capital. (Hear, hear.) The offer made by Lord Crewe and Mr. Birrell was as generous and considerate as any statesmen could possibly have made. (Applause.) Mr. CROSFIELD then went on to refer to the burning question of Socialism. Mr. Bell's answer to Lord Claude Hamilton's manifesto was a very proper answer, he thought, because Mr. Bell told Lord Claud straight that if he commenced to tackle Socialism the simple answer was that be himself was merely doing his utmost to manufacture Socialism. (Hear, hear.) At the Junior Liberal meeting, on Friday he mentioned a little inci- dent which occurred in London when he discussed the question with Socialists who were great friends of his. Mr. Crosfield theftroceeded to repeat the conversation which ensued with reference to the relation of Socialism and art under a communistic regime. In conclusion Mr. Crosfield thanked his hearers for the splendid way in which all had pulled together and fought the last general election. They had to remember that in the Liberal party there were innumerable shades and degrees of opinion. They recognised that at the last election. But there was no fighting under false colours. The case was made clear, they said what they were going to do, and they had tried to carry out their promises. (Applause.) Having won that great victory and knowing that they had now time to make good their position let them proceed to do so and be ready when the next attack came, to keep the Liberal colours flying in Warrington. (Loud applause.) -

===== 0002601_19071102_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
MR: TONIKINSON- ON LAND REFORM.

Mr. TOMKINSON, M.P., who had a hearty reception, referred to his previous visit to Warrington many years ago in company with a great statesman of that day, a leader of the progressive forces, and on the eve of a general election. What a change there was now. He congratulated Mr. Crosfield on his proud position as member for Warrington (Applause). ,Mr. Crosfielthhad touched upon some of the work which the Liberal party had done. He (the speaker) submitted that both the present House of Commons and the Ministry had deserved well of the country. The Ministry was an earnest, energetic, and capable one which had honestly endeavoured to carry out all the pledges on which it was returned so far as the time which had elapsed rendered it possible. (Hear, hear.) The three great watchwords of Liberalism bad beert ever to the fora_ Po a abroad and the grant of self-government to our South African colony had been secured. Sir Edward Grey andi the King himself both contributed to this happy condition of affairs. The Government had also remedied taxation, taken off the coal duty, taken a penny off tea and 3d. in the £ off the income tax of people earning under £2,000 per year, while an increased tax had been placed upon the fortunes left by people at death. (Applause.) So much for place and retrenchment. He remembered that, on moving the address to the Throne in the House last Febraary, he said that the list of legisative measures was a very long one, though not greatly longer than that of the previous year. The address was swollen by more than one private member's Bill which had been adopted by the Government. Measures had been dealt with by infinite pains and sent on their journey to "another place." How to curtail the power of the House of Lords was a great question. The will of the House of Commons must prevail- within the limits of a single Parliament. (Hear, hear and applause.) That was one question to which they had to apply themselves. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Tomkinson then went on to speak of the

LAND TENURE BILL. Let it not be thought, he said, that the land question was not of vital importance to the inhabitants of the towns. It was of the greatest importance to the com- munity in general. The Land Tenure Bill gave charter to farmers. It had given them ample and fall security for good farming, and for all the improve- ment they made on their farms so long as the improve- ments increased the value of the farm. Before that, if the tenant did •not get the land- lord's uermission in writing:" there was no security for his improvements. He could not now be turned out of his farm without payment for his improvements and compensation for disturbance. (Applause.) That was a great security to the tenants. (Hear, hear.) They had given the tenant freedom to buy what he liked and sell what he liked, and he could only he penalised on leaving the farm to the extent by which any injudicious cultivation on his part might have damaged the farm. He was also given security for the ravages of ground game, and had a full claim upon his own landlord for any damage thus sustained. (Applause.) Mr. Tomkin- son then proceeded to discuss THE SMALL HOLDINGS ACT.

Tories often said it was a mistake to suppose that neople wanted to live in the country; they went to the towns because there was more amusement. From a long experience he (Mr. Tomkinson) believed that to be untrue. Mr. Tomkinson gave an instance of an offer of small hold ings,in -which he was concerned,which resulted in the receipt of 1700 applications for holdings in a few months. The great curse of agriculture hitherto had been the merging of three or four farms low one— which he considered was a wicked thing to do. They wanted now to turn back the hands of the clock and return to the natural condition of things which sent the first man into a garden to till it. He believed that if people were given a chance of, settling on the soil they would GLADLY A.VAIL THEMSELVES of it. The ideal system was that which largely obtained in Cheshire and which. enabled the industrious tenant gradually to acquire more land as he showed the capability to develop it. In Norfolk and other counties people could not get a little bit of land—in fact in many cases they were denied the right to keep a pig. That was what the Government by the Small Holdings Act were determined to put an end to and to bring the people upon the soil. (Applause.) They hoped to -do -a great deal by legislation but in the meantime much was being accomplished by administra- tion. They had in the President of the Board of 'Agriculture the best landlord in England. (Applause.) He (Mr. Tomkinson) had been to see his estate and he I believed a more noble and generous-hearted landlord

===== 0002601_19071102_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
we:TON t 4c TSON'S EYESIGHT HINTS. NS TON '

YOU

Should wear glasses if they will relieve your heaische. IMAGINED BIT.IoUS ATTACKS, Nervous Troubled, Eyestrain, &c. It is only a competent Eyesight Specialist who can advise you. Many persons lose their sight through wearing glasses for which THEY WERE. NOT TESTED. Few people have eyes alike. A dainty pair of Spectacles or Eyeglasses, fitted by Johnston Watson, will give you a renewed interest. in life, and accomplish what drugs and medicines have failed to do.

OH NSTON WATSON EYESIGHT AND N, SPECTACLE SPECIALIST,

64, BRIDGE STREET,

VeARFUNGTON.

TO SPECTACLE WEIWF.RS.—The sight should be Re-tested once a year

HI 4

===== 0002601_19071102_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
.The Examiher, Saturday, November 2, 1907.

THE SMOKE NUISANCE. than Lord Carrington there could not be. He said "I WARRINGTON' TOWN never disturb a tenant, but whenever a farm falls Miss CROSFIELD in proposing a vote of thanks to the , s vacant especially if it is a big one, I give the small speakers, said she was glad to have the opportunity of saying how much she admired the splendid address holder the first chance." (Applause.) Mr. Tomkinson delivered by Miss Balgarnie. If women could talk COUNCIL. instanced an interesting experiment which is to be made in more to women in that way it would be an excellent DELAMERE FOREST. thing for the country. It was often thrown in women's - THE _— -- At present there were 3,000 acres of farm land but teeth that they took no interest 'in anything beyond only four or five farms. One of those farms of 800 their household affairs, their books or their looks— acres would be vacant this timenext year. Great meet- (laughter)—or their dress, and unfortunately it was true of many of them. If only women would HEALTH_O_F:I:HE BOROUGH. in,gs were to be held demanding the granting of small realise how much they could do by helping on the extra- holdings and the Board of Agriculture would advance the money for the erection of new buildings, with the ordinary thing called public opinion and heve people to Standard Wages Question Again. result that where there had been one ten instruct them, reforms would march on much more ant there would be 80 or even more. (Applause.) He believed there quickly in England. For instance,they could take up the The monthly meeting of this Council was held on was a brighter and happier outlook for the igricultural Question of the smoke nuisance. They were delighted Tuesday evening under the presidency of the Mayor. and rural population. It was all very_ well to talk of to hear how strongly their President spoke out on the There uere also present :—The Deputy Mayor (Alder- the country being over-populated but there would be subject. Not only was the present output of smoke an man Bolton), Aldermen A. Bennett, John }vans, W. J. plenty of room for ten times the number of the people economic waste but it became a pall darkening and Forsbaw, W. Pierpoint, D. Tinnion. Councillors T. H. in the country. (Applause.) There was the great dirtying the neighbourhood. It was a question which Ashcroft, J. Ball, T. Barton, T. Chantler, W. Clear temperance question to be dealt with. He did not affected every person in Warrington and in all other J. G. Craik, E. Cunnington, J. Dickenson, James wonder that Socialists sometimes said "After all this big towns. If the smoke evil were abolished in Lance- Evaris, L. Ellison, J. Hawthorn, Dr. Joseph, J. Lord, J. I legislation you talk of, look at the misery and poverty shire, it would be a bright county as well as a busy J. Nield, J. Pemberton, J. Sankey, J. Skelland, T. S. that exist." But there were causes which legislation one. There was a law on the subject but it was never Steel, J. Fulton-Smith, F. Stott, 0. Toole, G. T. could hardly touch and it was not want of laws in some properly enforced. If the women would unite to ; Wilding, J. Wilkinson, W. J. Wilson, Messrs. J. L. cases that was the drawback. They had to deal with strengthen, public opinion on the smoke nuisance and ! Whittle (town clerk), A. T. Hallaway (deputy town HuMAN FRAILTY the question of garden suburbs they could make the• clerk), J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), J. Dees (water and a vast number of other causes. Still, he thought times march twice as quickly as they did new. ' engineer), W. S. Haddock (gas engineer), Dr. J. C. they might be of good cheer. The delectable mountains (Applause.) I Hibbert (medical officer). were far cif and when they had done all they could Miss BESSIE DUTTON seconded and the vote was A TRADING QUESTION. d d heartily accorded. perhaps human frailty and innate brutishness would still heart . The MAYOR moved, and Alderman BENNETT seconded, strew the way with wrecks and ruins of men and women THE GOVERNMENT AND, LABOUR. the adoptien of the Watch Committee's minutes. —the most tragic wrecks of all. They might go forward Me Toethessoe moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Councillor CRANTLER drew attention to the foilowing with good hope. They had that trust in the people Crosfleld for presiding. resolutions :—That the tender- of Messrs. J. and W. which was the groundwork of Liberalism. They Mr. J. ELWELL seconded. As a trade unionist he, Dutton for the supply of a carpet for the Chief Con- believed in the infinite capacity of men for good and he thanked the Government for passing the• Trades , stable's office at £l7 10s. be accepted; that the tender believed that if they Persevered in the way they were Disputes Bill and as a workman he thanked them for :of Messrs. J. M. Greenhalgh and Co. for stationery and going, they would at last be able to band down a better the extension of the Compensation Act. He did not ! form cabinet at £3l be accepted; and that the Chief and happier England to their children. (Applause.) forget either the attitude of the Government towards Constable he authorized to purchase a Monarch type- MR. HOWES AND HOWLEY WARD. the postal service, as compared with the position of the' writer at the price of £l5 13s. 4d. He thought these A WORD ABOUT TfIE BIG LOAF. late administration. They all admired Mr. Lloyd- were very expensive items. ' George's action on the present industrial dispute and • Councillor LORD asked the Deputy Town Clerk if Mr. J. HOwEs said Councillor Clegg, an old and tried they trusted that through his efforts the country would , Messrs. Greenhalge's tender was legal. He understood friend, was being opposed in Howley Ward in what he be served the calamity of a great strike. (Applause.) I some member of the Council was interested in the firm. (Mr. Howes considered a most ungracious manner by a The vote was enthusiastically passed. I The DEPUTY TOWN CLERK (in the temporary absence member of "the trade." His opinion was that what Mr. CROSFIBLD in responding said he was very happy of the Town Clerk) said be knew nothing about any was called "the trade" had sufficient hold in Warrington that all their Associations in Warrington were working , member being interested in the firm. It was perfectly at the present time 'and it would not be wise to together so heartily and in such accord in the cause of : legal. It was not for the Corporation but the member strengthen it in the local Parliament. (Hear, hear.) At progress. The Liberal Association and the Progressive :of the Council to look after himself. If he chose to the general election they heard a great deal about Free Labour League—a separate and independent organize- I incriminate himself he must take the risk. Trade and it was then pointed out to them that the tion but a great force in local politics of which they I The MAYOR said with regard to the carpet, the Chief Liberal party, being the Free Trade Party, fought for were proud—were working shoulder to shoulder and he : Constable's headquarters looked more like a barn than cheap food and meant to continue that fight. They did hoped that for many years to come they would be able !an office. The room was an exceptionally large one, and not retract any word they uttered during the campaign to carry on successfully, honestly and industriously the ' although he personally thought it was a big price, the on that question—(applause.)—and attlie present time work to which they had put their hands. (Applause.) I committee were satisfied. As to the stationery and the country was reaping i I form cabinet, that was really requisite, and the Chief AN ENORMOUS ADVANTAGE I , _ 1 Constable almost guaranteed that that money would be from Liberal policy. Unfortunately there had been saved iu three years. They had been losing a good deal I very serious weather in all parts of the world and the : of stationery consequent shortage of wheat had resulted in an HAVE YOU ANY SKIN DISEASE ? i The minutes were adopted. increase of the price. During the present year the I THE HEALTH OF THE TOWN. cost of bread would be raised, but the advantage of Zam-Bulc, the Scientific Healer. ALDERMAN BENNETT AND THE SMOKE Free Trade was that bread would be cheaper in this country than in any other country in the world. . NUISANCE. (Applause.) Therefore Free Trade was beneficial in the The Importance of Watching ' Simple ' Sores. i moving the confirmation of the time of scarcity as wall as in the time of plenty. minutes of the Health Committee, said that, as the Councillor EVANS, in (Applause.) They were going to have a very active Council were aware, considerable criticism had taken political campaign this year and some of the best place with regard to the work of the health authority Liberal-Labour men would address them. They would lof the town. He had intended to trouble the Council also be honoured with a visit from a Cabinet Minister I at some length with regard, to the criticisms, butes that _.__—_ _ . _

The skin is both a striking factor of beauty and an important excretory organ, carrying out of the body, through perspiration, effete and waste material that would inevitably prove fatal if allowed to remain.

—(applause)—so that all phases of Liberalism would be presented, and they meant to keep up the fight. (Applause.) MISS BALGARNTE'S ADDRESS. LIBERALISM AND PROGRESS. Miss FLORENCE BALGARNIE in alluding to the land question said she bad travelled in the colonies and they appear to be more thickly populated than England— although of course, the contrary was the case—simply because on the railway route from London to the north, with the exception of the big cities, there were few human habitations, whilst all along the railways in the colonies were happy homesteads. She did not want to see our people go out to the colonies, but she wanted to COLONISE ENGLAND. (Applause.) When she heard men like Mr. Tomkinsog

was the lasCmeeting of the Council for the official year, and as the Mayor had another engagement for that evening, he would briefly state that the Medical Officer and his staff were getting out the particulars that had been touched upon by correspondents in the news- papers. At the next meeting of the Council he intended to say a few words about those criticisms, and lay a few facts before the Council, and consequently before the town, with regard to them. He did not intend to be drawn into a newspaper correspondence upon these matters. (Hear, bear.) Neither would he. He would mention one fact, however, with regard to the death-rate. They had obtained returns from 26 towns, some larger than War- rington, some about the same size, and with the same manufacturing interests, and it was found that the average death-rate of the 26 towns worked out at

According to Sir Erasmus Wilson, the pores by which the perspiration is carried on average 3.528 to the square inch of skin surface. Krause put the total number over the whole body at 3,381,218. These glands, placed together, would make an orifice twice the size of the human mouth.

Little wonder, therefore, that a diseased skin has a bad effect on the general health.- Little wonder, too, that Zam-Buk, the 'Well-known skin- cure, by cleansing the pores and dispelling disease, is often said to improve bodily health at the same time. For in Zam-Buk it is conceded that we have a balm of rare richness and remark- ably skin-renewing power. It is a preparation which puts one in mind of the many excellent oi!s and balms used by the Grecian ladies of fashion in bygone days, who, if they took pride in anything, certainly bestowed every pain and attention to ensure a soft, smooth, and healthy skin. In recent years the anxiety to produce the beauty of skin that is only "skin deep"—and not always that —has led to the intro- duction of ointments, salves, and embrocations which generally possess one or two grave objections.

tell-them what the Liberal party was doing she said i "Thank God for Liberalism." (Applause.) In a passing : allusion to the railway strike, Miss Balgarnie said that i when she entered the railway carriage that day one of i the railwaymen was placing on the seats handbills ; referring to the dispute. She expressed surprise that I they were alloweil to propagate their case in that way, 1 but she was told that the handbills contained the directors' I manifesto and the men bad orders from beadauarters to : place them in the carriages. She gathered up an armful 1 of them, tore them into shreds and threw them out of i the window. Such an action on the part of the i directors was not cricket; it was hitting below the belt.' (Applause.) Some of those ancient directors who were in the prime of their manhood before trade unionism , was thought of bail no sympathy with progressive ideas. I What nonsense, continued the speaker, was being talked ' at the present day! They heard a great deal of SOCIALIST TALK which seemed to say that the Liberal party had had its - day and was not going to do any more for the people! and therefore they must have the reign of Socialism. I She was certain everyone in that hall wanted progress and social reform, and they believed that the Liberal party could and would do it. (Applause.) The beauty of Liberalism was that it never stood still ; it was like a growing child. Perhaps some of the Liberals one had beard of many years ago in the House of Commons, splendid men though they were, would not be what one would call Liberals to-day, becausWthe day of the old- fashioned individualism had gone. They did their work in their day, but now that we bad got the voice and the wishes of the people we had entered upon an era of social reform. (Applause.) It was not "each man for himself and the devil take the hindmost,", but it, was "each for all and all for each." (Applause.) She did not say that there were not here and there in the Liberal party men of the old-fashioned kind, fossils—(laughter)—but if they were there what was the reason ? It was because there were still some fossilised constituencies, and they must not blame the Liberal party for that. The very essence of Liberalism was that it grew with the times and expinded and enlarged its ideas, because the basis of it was PROGRESS AND TRUST OF THE PEOPLE, whereas the Tories—Conservatives they called them- selves now, and she liked the word better because it really expressed what they were—wanted to keep every- thing as it was, good, bad or indifferent. Liberals wanted to keep the good and get rid of what was bad. (Applause.) The greatest Liberal who ever lived— William Ewart Gladstone—(aPplartse)—began life as a Tory, and therefore knew the fories inside' and out,.and it was because he knew them that he became a Liberal. He said that the essence of Liberalism was trust in the people qualified by prudence, and the essence of Toryism was distrust of the people qualified by fear. What was true then was true now, and whatever the Tories call themselves—Tory democrats or Tory Socialists if they liked—they were in their innermost hearts Conservative' of all that was good, bad or indifferent. Liberalism in the past triumphed over Conservatism, and gave the people a chance of education. It alse gave the country a free Press, and people could not be deluded by anybody who might say this and that, because they could WATERLOO v. LATCHFORD. now read for themselves. How the Tories tried to delude 1 1 people when they said they must tax goods in order to At Latchford. Waterloo pressed very hard from the give the people better employment in this laud !Taxing bully-off, and Carter scored a good goal. Latchford equalised shortly after, but Carter put Waterloo ahead the things that came into this country really meant the poverty of the people and greater wealth to the capitalist again. Half-time arrived with the score :—Waterloo and landowner. What was wanted was : 2 goals, Latchford 1. Play was very keen in the second ACCESS TO THE LAND. . i half, and Latchford equalised. Arnold scored a third (Applause.) With regard to the railways, which played goal for Waterloo, but Latchford again equalired. Ten such an important part in the developeaeut of the land, minutes from the finish Latchford scored again with a if the directors did not mind what they were about, we fine shot.—Result: Latchford 4 goals, Waterloo 3. would have what they had got over nearly the whole of , WATERLOO 2ND V. LATCHFORD 2ND. ' India and throughout the greater portion of the : Played at Waterloo. From the bully-off Waterloo Australian and New Zealand Colonies—nationalisation of the railways. (Applause.) She would not say they pressed, and L. R. Roberts opened the scoring. Goals were such a valuable asset in this country for the nation Were then added by R. Breckell, L. Goodwin, and L. IL Roberts. Half-time : Waterloo 2nd 4 goals, Latch- to want to have, but if the directors continued their present attitude the Value of the railways would fall. ford 2nd nil. After the interval Latchford played up very stronaly, scoring twice. Result : Waterloo 2nd She was a shareholder in a small way and spoke feel- ingly, but she said that right was right and the people , 4 goals, Ltachford 2nd 2. must, prevail. (Applause.) Referring to the House of , _____________ Lords Miss Balgarnie pointed out that Mr. Balfour, the discredited of Manchester, was the leader of a : routed party, but he still pulled the wires as of old and MONT BLANC A PROMENADE. the House of Lords danced to his tune and threw out : It is now almost impossible to lose one's way on great reforms. The Liberal party had done wonderfully Mont Blanc. c:eclared Mr. Louis J. Steele, in the course considering that fact, and they must unite to see that of a lecture at the Royal Photographic Society's the veto power of the Lords came to an end. (Applause.) exhibition on Satnrdity night. Owing to the number of The Liberal party was not the Socialist party but some- , refuges which have been built on the mountain by thing better— 1 various clubs, no one with his bump of locality 1 THE SOCIAL REFORM PARTY, ordinarily well developed should lose himself. (Applause.) What; would be the fate of the country if at the next election they had so many three-cornered ' SAW MILLS 'DESTROYED. fights that they had a reduced Liberal party, a possibly ' A disastrous fire occurred on Saturday morning at the Increased Tory party, And a considerable, but not suffi- saw mills of Messrs. Parkes and Co., West Bromwich. ciently large to be 0-Relent, Socialist party ? It would The premises, with the exception of the show-room, simply mean that the cause of progressswould be driven were completely wrecked, and the damage, which is into the wilderness for years and they would have a i covered by insurance, is considerable. The fire brigade Tory re-action like they had seen during the last twenty years. Those who loved progress must stick to the was occupied on the premises for over eight hours, and a fireman named Turner bad to be treated at the good old Liberal cause. We had go,t not what Mr. Chamberlain gave us so many promises of—old age hospital for slight bufos. pensions at once—but the government had got a nucleus of two or three millions which would be gradu- ally added to until every old man and woman who had not resources for old-age would on reaching the age of sixty or sixty-five receive a pension to begin with of ss. a week. (Applause.) She hoped the time would come when they would get Ins. a week. New Zealand began with 7s. and had now got to 10s. Another promise of the Government which was even more far-rearhing was ' to find employment for the unemployed. John Burns . and others had been accused of trifling with the ques- tion but she did not think they hid trifled. It was such a big question that it had to be well thought out before it could be launched. The Liberal party was, however, committed to ir. That meant that although they were not going in for all the 1 WILD SOCIALIST IDEAS ' which would simply wreck the Liberal party and bring the Tories into office they were going in for as much practical Socialism as they could have. While granting these reforms, they would also have to pa t a firmer grip on the social vices of the people. A eta at measure was to be introduced next Session dealing with the liquor question and she trusted we would, get for England wbat the people of so many of oue colonies had—and it worked spleadidly:in the colonies and many other parts of the world—the pewer for each man and woman to say" No " to the opening of a liquor shop in their neighbourhood. (Applause.)

17.47,and-Warrinaton came out at 18, so that the local death-rate was not very bad after all. (Hear, hear.) He had been told that the critics outside were not malicious, although he thought some of the criticisms were rather scathing. The Health Committee and the Town Council generally welcomed fair-minded criticism if the motive was to stir up what was thought to be indifference. If the criticism was in the best interests of the town the Council would welcome it. Councillor BARTON seconded. Alderman BENNETT was delighted to find there was a resolution about the smoke question,. and that the inspector had been taking observations about the emission of dense black smoke, but the committee seemed timid and wanted to get information from other towns to strengthen their hands. They must not be surprised to find that; other towns were as lax as Warrington was, but he hoped that would not prevent the Health Committee putting the law into operation. It was a lamentable fact that many of their municipalities were wanting in public spirit and real intelligence in dealing with this partidular question. He hoped that drastic action would be taken, as the emission of this dense black smoke was a barbarism which ought not to be allowed in any civilized country. (Laughter and applause.) Councillor EVANS said the primary business of the committee was the consideration of the health of the people. They had gone into the smoke question, and he would speak more fully about it later on; but it should be remembered that while smoke might not make a town pleasant there was one town namely Sheffield—known as "the smoky town "—where the death-rate was 16.7. He could not think that the best interests of the town were • served by everlastingly hampering manufacturers about the smoke nuisance. He might inform the Council that in 1902 there werel 2,506 nuisances reported—and among them was the I smoke question—and last year the number was 2,368. The smoke inspector since his appointment had steadily with common-sense and ploddingly done his duty. He had no desire to hamper the manufacturers of the town. (Hear, hear.) CORPORATION TO GROW ITS OWN TREES. The Health Committee resolved :—" That the offer of the Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee of £5 per annum for about two acres •of land belonging to this committee at Sankey be accepted." A long discussion ensued, and it was pointed out that the Corporation intended to use the land is a nursery and cultivate trees there. They would thus be able to • supply trees which were required for street-planting, &c. A considerable saving would be affected. Ultimately the minutes were approved. TREE-PLANTING. The Town Hall, Parks and Baths Committee resolved that, on the request of the Paving and Sewerage Com- mittee, the land adjoining the Police Station in Museum-street be laid out and planted with shrubs and that tree be planted on the land at the corner of Manchester-road and Padgate-lane. Councillor STEEL said with regard to the planting of trees at the corner of Padgate-lane' workmen had for some time been forming a footpath there, and had laid down the flags. It seemed a pity some arrangement could not be arrived at between the different com- mittees when this sort of thing had to be done. It would save expense, because now some of the flags would have to be taken up to plant the trees. Councillor PEMBERTON said that was the usual way of doing things. Councillor CRAIK said he told the head gardener at the time the minute was passed that the Paving and Sewerage Committee were about to lay the footpath, and he asked him to consult with the Borough Surveyor as to the position in which the trees would be fixed. The minutes were passed on the motion of Alderman BOLTON, seconded by the MAYOR. THE MARKETS. A meeting of the Markets Committee was held an October 7th when,on the suggestion of the Town Clerk, instructions were given to revise the whole of the bye-laws and regulations for the markets. The Committee resolved that not more than four stalls be let to any tenant in future. Councillor TOOLE said the latter resolution would be a hardship to some of the people in the market who were unable to find accommodation for all their goods onlfour stalls. The matter ought to be further con- sidered and he moved that it be referred back. ' There was no seconder, and the minutes were then passed.

These common preparations are generally com- posed of rancid animal fats and mineral poisons; and they are useless either from the mere fact of their coarseness, and hence the inability of the skin to absorb them, or from the fact that their ingredients, if partially absorbed, are of such a nature as to produce negative or even harmful results. Compounds of mercury, zinc, laid, and bismuth are examples of these risky and unde- pendable preparations. Zarn-Buk, on the other hand, is a refined balm, prepared direct from the juices and balsams of certain valuable medicinal herbs; and the manner of the combination of these juices is such as to develop their rare skin- curing and skin-healing properties to a point neither attained nor attempted by any cidinary salve or ointment. _ _ _

Daily anointings of your skin with Z im-Buk will restore and maintain it in good health and fortify it against the assaults of the ever-present germs that strive to gain a-hold on the system. Zam-Buk has revolutionised existing methods of healing cuts, bruises, burns, scalds, chapped hands, cold-sores, chafing, in treating in a new scientific and effective way the worst case of eczema, piles, ulcers, bad legs, blood-poisoning, festering, psoriasis, scurf, ringworm, children's scalp troubles, sores on the -back, and all those inflamed, burning, irritable, and diseased condi- tions of the human skin. • Zam-Buk draws disease out of the skin and tissues ; it kills microbes, and ends all inflamma- tion and festering; and after purifying a wound or sore, grows new healthy skin in a quick and marvellous manner. Of all chemists, is. 1-id. and 2s. Od. per box, or from C. E. Fulford, Ltd., 45, COW CROSS STRE ET,LONDO, or Greek Street,Leeds.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

ALLEGED SHORTAGE OF WATER.

At a meeting of the Water Committee on October 7th, a letter was read from Messrs R. A. Naylor, Limited, with regard to the alleged insufficiency of water in the mains near their works for fire purposes. Alderman EVANS, moving the adoption of the minutes, gave full particulars of the supply and said the com- mittee considered it was ample. He also believed the Fire Engine Committee were satisfied. Alderman FORSHAW seconded, and the minutes were agreed to. MORE ABOUT STANDARD WAGES.

The Electricity and Tramways Committee decided that the tender of the St. Helens Cable Co. Ltd., for the supply of cables for 12 months aceoxding to specifi- cation and schedule of prices be accepted. Councillor STOTT moved an amendment that the minute be referred back. He had nothing against the firm and did not adopt this attitude in any vindictive snirit. The Council, however' ought to insist on the Standing Order being obeyed and he thought he was able to show conclusively on a previous occasion that the conditions obtaining under the firm in question were not in accord Ince with .the Standing Orders. He alleged that the firm made an attempt to use the registry 'office maintained by the rates to secure workmen at something like 40 per cent less than the standard rate paid in the town for that class of labour. If the Council did not enforce the Standing Order it was 'equal to subsidising the firm which did not pay the standard rate and enabling them to enter into unfair competition with those who did pay it. If the Chair- man had information to show that the St. Helens Cable Company did conform to the rules he would be per- fectly satisfied. Councillor PEMBERTON seeonded. Th 3 MAYOR: This kind of thing is dreadful, I must confess. The. Tows CLERK. said the resolution was passed on

the understanding that the firm paid the standard rate. Before the contract was given, the Borough Treasurer would endeavour to ascertain the rate the firm paid. The MAYOR : If you want to drive the trade out of the country you must just follow the advice of Coun- cillor Stott.

Councillor STorr : I strongly object to that. If you are going to have Standing Orders lam going to have them adhered to, whether trade is driven out of the country or not.

I The MAYOR said if the contract had not been given to this country i would have gone abroad to the 'lowest tenderer; but some members said it would be I better to keep the order in towrO, 1 In answer to Councillor Pemberton, the MAYOR said there were English tenders higher than the Cable , Company's. • I Councillor PEMBERTON : Because they pay the standard rate of wages. ContinuingN.he said if public bodies were to accept the lowest tender onany condition they would he putting a premium on those who , employed cheaper labour. He did not agree in driving trade from the town, but he thouhgt the terms ought to , be equal. i councillor WILKINSON said the Standing Order bad been put before the St. Helens Cable Company, and they said they paid the currant rate of wages in the district. Therefore it was for Councillor Stott to prove that they did not. Councillor PEMBERTON : It is for them to prove that they do. Councillor BALL said it was generally knonn and , admitted that the firm did not pay the standard rate to; ordinary workmen, but they contended that in the work of electric cable making they did pay the standard rate. Their argument was based on the fact that they were the onl3 makers in the district. The Standing Orders, were not sufficiently stringent to enable the Council to pass the firm by. Councillor STurr said that so long as the Committee I would satisfy themselves that the firm paid the standard rate he would agree to them having the contract. The MAYOR: We have given strict orders for the matter to be looked into.

The amendment was withdrawn and the minutes were approved. INCREASE OF SALARY.

Councillor ASHCROFT called attention to a resolution of the Museum Committee increasing the salary of Mr. J.McAdam by RIO.He said tbo original arrangement with Mr. McAdam was that he should be raised £5 per year. Councillor PEMBERTON deprecated the action of the committee in departing from the arrangement with- out making it clear to the Council that they had done so. If Mr. Mc kdarn had done any special work he should receive separate payment for it. - The TOWN CLERK pointed out that the proceedings of the Museum Committee were not subject to ths confirmation of the Council. They were given power to spend lid. rate and could do what they like with i t.

Councillor EVANS : It ought to be altered. Alderman EE'NNETT said the work of Mr. McAdams' department had largely increased owing to the opening of a branch reading room and libraries and of the school libraries. The officials of the Museum and Library Department, which was a most important one because it dealt with the things ahich were eternal instead of transitoiV, were worse paid than the officials in any other department.

The minutes were passed. THE BRIDGES QUESTION.

Councillor CITANTLER had given notice to ask the Mayor the following question :—What progress is being made with the widening or re-building of Warrington Bridge, and OA construction of a new bridge over the river at Howley? The MAYOR said several plans of the proposed new Warrington Bridge had been submitted to Admiral Sir George Nares but so fare had not been satisfied. He thought, however, that ,a plan which had just been sub- mitted would be satisfactory. A contractor had been to Howley to examine the ground, so that the matter had not. been lying dormant. He hoped that plans of the cantilever scheme and of the proposed new bridge would be ready for the next Council meeting and he trusted that both bridges would be completed in his life ti me. ( Hear, bear.) Councillor LORD: lam a member of the Bridges Sub-committee and know nothing about this.(Laughter.) Counbillor EVAN'S: I think the Mayor's remarks are very satisfactory.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I %, w 1%1 qt Att

===== 0002601_19071102_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
VALUIME PAESRIPTIM For Diseases of the NERVES, STOMACH AND KIDNEYS. Costs a Few Peace.

For nerve and bodily weakness in children or adults arising from any cause and for such com- plaints as weak kidneys, palpitation, loss of appetite, anemia, indigestion, nervous hysteria, spinal and nerve paralysis, an 1 general physical debility a simple yet perfectly harmless and invaluable remedy is Dr. Cassell's Tablets. These tablks build flesh, nerve force, and bodily strength in a manner that surprises everyone who takes them. The prescrip- tion from which they are made is a very famous one, and the suffering public are to be congratulated on the fact that they can now obtain the remedy reaiy for use in boxes at 100., from any chemist. Ask for Dr. Casssell's Tablets.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
DEPUTATION EXPENSES.

At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee, the Borough Treasurer submitted a return of expenses paid to members of the Council for serving on deputations during the three years ended 31st May, 1907, in accord- ance with the resolution of the Council of the 4th June, 1907. ,

Counciller STOTT as the member who asked for the return to be submitted, said that considering the figures covered a period of three years they were very moderate indeed, except in one or two instances which might be termed rather high. The chief object he had in view was to secure a report from the members comprising deputations and to see that the deputations should not be confined to a small circle but that every Councillor should have a fair share of that kind of work Councillor CHANTLER th7nght the return ought to be published. The I.lfAvoß said it was issued as a private circular. Councillor STOTT said his resolution was simply for the return to be produced to the Council. The minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Cattleman's Death.

The death of a cattleman named John Oakes, 38 years of age, who had resided at Crossley-street, War- rington, was inquired into-at Birkenhead on Saturday. Deceased had been a cattleman on board the steam- ship Turcoman, which left Montreal for Liverpool on the 12th inst. On the 21st he took ill, and subse- quently grew worse. When the steamer was off the Isle of Man on Friday morning he succumbed, and his body was conveyed to the Birkenhead Mortuary, where a post-martem examination, was held. Dr. Preece, police-surgeon, said he found pneumonia present in the lungs, the cause of death being hemorrhage of the lungs and stomach, consequent upon pneumonia and cirrhosis of the liver. The condition of the latter was due to over-indulgence in alcohol. A. verdict in accordance with the medical evidence was returned.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
HUSBAND AND WIFE CURED.

Chas. FORBES Bile Beans End Indigestion, Bilious Headaches Chest and Back Pains,

and Weakness after Influenza.

From a state of chronic suffering to a life of health and happiness" describes the great change ems. FORDE'S bile beans made in Mrs. Louise Littlechild, of 111, Roman road, South Shields. "For many years I was a sufferer from indiges- tion, flatulence, and other digestive ailments," Mrs. Littlechild told a South Shields reporter. "I had severe wind spasms and experienced great difficulty in getting my breath. I suffered from sharp pains in the chest and back, sleepless nights, and in the mornings I had fits of dizziness. "These were followed by bilious headaches, so had that I was unable to lift my head from the pillow,and I was obliged to remain in bed generally until tea-time, unable to eat a bite or drink any- thing. I had to give up eating almost all solid food, as nothing would digest. At different times I consulted several doctors, who gave me relief for a few days. Then the attacks would com- mence again, worse than ever. I also tried several patent medicines but with equally unsatisfactory results, until I was rersuaded to try Cius. FORDE'S bile beans.

-il" -fie -firs-t box cured my bilious attacks. I persevered with CHAS. FORDE'S until I was quite cured. I have increased in weight, a healthy colour has returned to my cheeks, and I can take my meals regularly. "I attribute my cure soleily .to CHAS. FORDEIS bile beans.

Mr. Littlechild told the reporter that several -years ago he suffered from a severe attack of influenza, which left him weak and very prone to attacks of cold and chill. CHAS. FORM'S bile beans proved splendid in arresting the develop- ment of these attacks and in restoring his health and strength. A wo:d of warning to the reader. When buy- ing your next supply of bile beaus see that you get the original and genuine Criss. FounE's, the medicine that has gained the implicit confidence ef millions of users because of its immense superiority over anything else put before the public. Refuse all substitutes of the "just as good ' class. There is nothing just as good as the genuine CHAS. FORDE'S bile beans. Sold by all chemists, in sealed boxes only.

Mr. William Applegate, who was until a few days ago a constable in the Y diiision at Highgate Police Station, has now resigned his position, his father having come into a fortune of £45,000.

About 100 Chinese attacked the crew of the English steamship Woolwich, lying in dock at Santa Cruz (Mexico), because the sanitary officers detained 200 of their countrymen aboard the ship for reasons of health.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
NO BEST FROM BURNING HUMOUR

PaHid Swellings Formed in and pirs on on s_ILI, Pie- vented Rest—Suffered Six Weeks and Became Run Down from V,-tant cf Sleep—Three Fu!l Sets of

CUTICURA REMEDIES ENTIRELY CURED HIM

"I had been troubled with swellings under the armpits and on the small of the back accompanied by a burning itch to such an extent that I got very little rest. day or night. This had been going on for six weeks or more and I had tried various soothing ointments, these, however, gave only temporary relief, and as I was getting run down from the want of rest, I decided to con- sult a doctor, but on noticing the Cuti- cura Remedies advertised M the paper, I thought I would give them a trial. I used Cuticura Soap first, but this did not give the desired relief, then I tried' Cuticura Soap, Cuticura Ointment, and Cuticura Resolv6nt Pills for three suc- cessive times. I am thankful to say that, though my trouble. was painful and severe, my cure was complete within a month, and I in the future shall urge any one whom I come across afflicted with skin troubles to use Cuti- cura Remedies, knowing as I do the great good they have done me. lam never without a box of Cuticura Oint- ment in my home. Robert Beatson, Si,' High St., Fort William, Dec. 6 and 12, 1906."

===== 0002601_19071102_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
CUTICURA

The Great Skin Cure and Purest and Sweetest of Emollients.

Cuticura Ointment is, beyond ques- tion, the most successful curative for torturing, disfiguring humours of the skin and scalp, including loss of hair, yet com- pounded, in proof of which a single anointing with Cuticura Ointment; pre- ceded by a hot bath with Cuticura Soap, and followed in the severer cases by a dose of Cuticura Pills, is often sufficient to afford immediate relief in the most dis- tressing forms of itching, burning, and scaly humours, eczemas, rashes, and irri- tations, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy cure in the majority of cases, when all else fails. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London. 27, Charterhouse Sq.; Paris, 5. Rue de la Paix , Australia. R. Towns & Co., Sydney; Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Sole Props. ar-Post-free, Cuticura Book on Skin Diseases.

SO LDIEVER Y THE Ti F: at I+. 1 is. 2v. 9 4.5(1., and //s 0 .4 • LUNG TONIC THP , Wow! WS Ca F ORCOUGIIS; COLDS, BRONCHITIS', ASTIIM A, Etc

MERRYWEATRER ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION

County Mansions; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons

63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

ON THE WAVE 9 PORHARITY

100/0 A YEAR. Payable 21 per cent. quarterly in the Participating Absolutely Guaranteed Gold Bonds issued by AMERICAN COMMERCIAL EXCHANGE. Agents Wanted Everywhere.

Permanent employment, good pay, quack advance- ment. Address AramticAw Coatiturtmet EXCHANGE, 1135 Broadway, New York; or Walter T. Roberson, Special Representative, 6s Effie Place, London, S.W.

21/- OVERCOATS. 211. 25/- SUITS. 25g. Newest Patterns, Latest Styles, Perfect Fitting, im- possible to beat. Hundreds of Testimonials. Not factory made, but by High-lass Bespoke Tailors. Distance no object. Send postcard at once for Patterns, Fashions, SeMin asnrement Forms, & • carria.ve paid. Ladies' Cost, rn s kwest prices —LAITHIVAITE & co., 19 Cannon Stet, Manchester.

Old English Remedy for Eczema and other skin complaints; 110 years' unfailing 'success. Most obstinate cases completely mired. Post free, 2/6. We also prepare special ointment, invaluable for Bbemnatism, Sciatica, Sprains, Boils, and Carbuncles. Post free, 1/St or 2/8, Be.rnPle of either ointment, post free, 24. Darr. C., DERMATIIRRA 00.. CROYDON.

01,titKit'S 13 41 ,re Warranted to our*, in eiGb..r sex, all acquired for constitutional discharges from the Urinary (Irons, Gravel and Pains in tbo back. lirae from hlerc:irv. hetablisbed upwards of 35 years. In boats 4s. 6.1, each, of all chemlcts and Patent Medicine Vendors through, • on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the inak,rs. The Lin ooln and Midland Counties Drug Comp.tty, Littooln.— Advt. To fillorKETts.—Mrs. Wltisnow'S Soothing Syrup hag been used for over fifty years by millions of moth, rs ic•r their ehildr.m a bile teetning, with perfect success. It wil; relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to taste produces natuarl quiet sleep, bV rel;eving the Child from pain and the little cherub awakes" as bright as a buttoJ " e' all Chemist, la. lid. per tiottle.—Advt,

WE PRINT THE LARGES F SHEET TN THE TOWN AND DISTRICT. For Sunday School Anniversaries, Concerts, Balls, Soires, Meetings, Sales by Auction &c., &c., in one or more colours, on white or coloured paper, in the most striking type, size 60" x 40" in one sheet, JOHN WALKER & CO., EXAMINER OFFICE,

,---- -- ,_-- , \ (' DODD'S \\\ , - KI D N EY _ ) .:0.1 LLS S AA f" DNET " f Pb 411 ici e umAi it1p,c1,1,6 1 1 1+ 141F3TE'l- Ell . 13 AGIN E 4 THE poppsfellte - 23, FARRIi- tit LON DO -

_ -„,„ , THE CO .-Ic-Ee xAN /?NY 8 ODy . I ^ -4,. - .... _--- .0 i Alf E. • .44,:-. '4" .4, h( ( --- ~... -,-_ . ------x--., , ~.!...7, aci7;,,,i; i .:„. _ "••• er z_ ,_. ......... _ ..4, .-. ------ . . _. .. . . . N G To N S .f Iv YPI I - -. ' . / - ::•,. , ',://:/. i *iiik:". 4j/dif4/ ' 10.0„, , / I 1, 4 '-• " * , ..---- -- -- -=,..,..._ .-:".....• - _ _- -

ECZEMA RHEUMATISM SCIATICA SPRAINS

===== 0002601_19071102_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
4',rt I.r s, 11 • t, • , f

. . , ,

, . ' , i, t 1. 1 • I 1 ;".-, 1 ;•• ie '. 1 i ! , ' fit • i Y - ; : •., _ I, 1 4. 1 '.'l:'[ , ~ . -i, ;..i 1 I I, ' -' 1 ~,1 '-: I ' I I . } 1 , 0 , , 14 A ' 1 rlitil , 111 ' t 11 i ' ' ! ' 1 It '::, i if ..,. A. , ' 1 '' i I, 1 , , .4...•..4:::

===== 0002601_19071102_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
U

I

..

-

f. .„1.1 . . .. , • , .. , , „., ~' ~ . ~,,: ~..,. . ~, , 1-,: k .i .7. i. I,: ' 4' ,ii P. ! ~ i 1, ~ . ri,t7 ~, ..i *As' ' '

, , I 1 ;1 , :, 1 i "- 1 - f , 7 f ' IS s ) 1 i , , 1 , ' ! . '1 ': c 1 :; ' 1 ' l i , ~ , .:. . - ' -• '- ~

===== 0002601_19071102_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Cht Oratatner gnrtes

0/ WEEK-END NEWSPAPHIIS COMPRISES tI WAHHINGTON MID-CHRSHIRE EXAMINER. 1 published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Meath, Penketh, Winwiek, Padgate, Lymm, being tie of the Largest and B-jet Weeicly Papers in Lanes- hire and Cheshire. The district eJvered by We Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanca- hire and Mid-Cheshire. RdINCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday 1. mornhig. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. 9)1114 WIDNES EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the lergest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a platy ,cc e,ittre of industry. Tkfl EARLESTOVv N ANn NEWTON .15 X&MISH Et , 1. published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of liarlestown, Newton-le- Uulborne, If aydoek, Lowton, tte. The district thus moria ,ct .s in.)sr, inp irti,it part of the Lancashire coal - ds. rrtiii ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every 6aturday morning', circulating in St. Helens, Preseot, Parr. Sutton, Peasley Cross. ice —the centre of the Glatt, Chemi;:a laud Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

- PREPAID ADVKRTISEMENTS. aPAJTMENTS WANTEr. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. H USES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES ...ObT. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. 'MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Tnree gia Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. Rd. ... Is. 30. ... 2s, Od. ... 3s. 94. 27 ... Os. 94. ... ls. 104. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Ott 36 ... la. 0,1. ... 2s. 64. ... 4s. Od. ... 6s. rd. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... 5., Od. ... 7s. Od. 64 ... Is. 64. ... 3s. 8. ... 6s. Od. ... 108. Od.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
ElomNtit Onbants, etr.

ANTHO young GENKRAL, cook, wasb.—Ars. OMNI E 59, Librstry et., Wigan.

WANTUD, a Guriltß U AL SRVANT.—s pply WOOL PACK HOTEL, Millgate, Wigan. ---

WANTlM.—Superior GRNBRALS, call or wrlte.—es Ili WARP, 91, Wastravav rd., Sale

WANTRI) two good GIiNICIIALS ; references required.— PACK HORSE HoTEL, Fist-wool, Bon%

WA,TTIID good strong GIRL for Dining Rooms. —A pply Mrs. FLTTnN. Whitworth, near Rochdale.

WAN'II4I3. GHNICIINT, ; snv II family. —Apply 15, MONTAGUK RD., Sale, near Manchester.

Qoll'll-iPONS.—Pleaeant APAIITNIHNTS for Winter ; prrnipinencv.-5, YoRK TIRRACie, Manch...6ler rd.

WANTBD COOK-GIEtNBRAL and Young Houaemaid ; family 2.—Mrs. Cosanove, The Oake, Bolton.

GISFRRALS recinieng gooi w4ei.ply to FRANCII,:s hEOIBTRY, Post 018, C. Fishpool, Bury,

WANTKU, willing honest GIBL for housework ; able to V V wash ; confectioner. —43, Jr.IINSoN BT., Blackburn.

WANTRD good C.paole GEOllitiAL ; 16 to 24 ye,Lra old ; good home.-67, STOCICTON BT.. Moss Side, Manchester.

ANTHD. GKNICIAL SIMIAN r ; leo Housemaid, for doctor's house.—Apply 79, ROCHDALE RD.. Ituyton, lanreshire.

WADITHD a good GRISIBPAL ; refereoce3 ; to assist when required.—Apply CHESILLRE CHEESE, Broadheatb, Altrincharo,

ANTRD four young GIRLS ; Housfmard-Waltrees ; plain Cook at once.—Apply 75. PRESTON NEW RD., Plgekbt,rn.

WAN RD respectable Young GIRL as H ousf-rnaid- Waitress ; good character required.—Apply 10, PART BT., Southport.

IVANTHD, GlLNitilkL, age 16-18, must have gc-pi V references.—Apply, stating wager, &c., 7, Pdrk Crescent, Wigan.

WANTRD, GNSICHAL, experienced, able to conk ; goad references req FORBE9, 11, Osborne rd., St. Anne'a-on-.9.ea.

-- NVAISTKD a young ref peetable GICINBRAL, able to cook ,referred.—Mr. BLEAKLEY, George and Dragon Hotel. Ty. ldedley .

WALITRD. 014117 }MAL ; family two; no washing ; £2C-£2l. Mre. ARMOUR, St. Cross Viosrage, Knotou,i,

A LL to Miss ROBINSON, The County Registry. Victoria Pt Buildings. Manchester, %ill secure you an excellent situation at once,

WANTHD good GENNIIAL ; email family; good plain cook. Good character, Wages £l6 to £lB. FRICKEB, Ingleside.. rftrehalton.

_ wANTED, a oung GINEKLSIhVANT, small family, t,ood home, good wages,-632, STOCKPORT RD., Long- eight, Manchester.

ANTRD, COOK-14RNHHAL for family of two. State V wages and references.—ALL EN, 19, Derby rd., Anidell, LNtbam,

ANTIi D. -GH RIM Rbe to wash ; ref erenOes VT required ; three in family.—Mrs. STORER, 18, Chorlton , Manchester.

ANMD, several good GRNPRALS and good COOKS VV for Southport.—Apply Mrs. BAJBD, Ladies' Agency, B, fillet et., Southport.

(IMIMIAL m4ll. family, no cooking, weekly.—Apply kii.P.oN,l9, Vernon st„ Lower Brothrhton, Manctiester,

ANTED. good GENERAL SERVANT with reference.— Apply evening or by letter, 74, GREAT GLOWES ST., Brcugbton, 'Manchester.

WANTkiI), &KNtItAL:4tIiVANI: (too). shout 20 ; comfortable home ; ref.rduces required.-247, Moss LANE lien., Manchester.

lit ANTHD Capal.le GUNIMAL SHILVANT, small family, V good home; good wagee,—Mrs. FotniTAIN, Rosslyn, Chester rd„ Macclesfield.

NvaliTl4l). immediately, experieueei GENRRAL ; Prote4tant.—" LIMMLURbT, Plymyard Park, Bromborough, Oheshire.

ANTIsa, good GENERAL ; three ih family; small VI, wash. State age and refereuces.-3, STAMFORD ST., Old Trafford, Manchester.

%girl:l3'lHD NURSri-HOUSintA.ID, fond of children, ages V 1 and 4 ; will train.—Apply wit la reference, DEAN, Iduorside Vicarage, Oldham.

J/ ANThI), food GBlittAL SitliVANl', younger girl loTt.—A.pply Mn. J. Baxter, Parliament its, Uptiollani, near Wigan.

WAqTdID, Respeotable Young airl as MSS/1111AL, ; small family; good home.--Urs. TURAEit, 14, Alma rd., Holston Moor, 3:U=l:leiter.

Ivkt ANTED, an experienced HOUSRM VID-WAITRBSS ; V good reference required ; wages £l7 to £lB.—Apply 24, LIVERPOOL RD., Chester.

WA NTSD, good OHNBRAL : four in family ; no children; small wash; wages £lB.-5, hG ERTON RD. tiouTß, Heaton Chapel, near Stockport.

ITAIBD COOK- GIIEBRAL ; tbort tn,,hly clean; early riser; age k 4 to 30 yeare.—Mrs. WOoDMAN, 9, Bolton rd., Hear sley. near Bolton.

WAN tiOOK-Gt4NlidtAL and Nurse Houtemaid, 15 miles from London —Mrs. I. H. Nteizu.n.soN, &von- court, Loom lane, Hadlett, Herts.

'‘,l7 ANDIC, superior GIANNIiAL ; three ; good V refenuices.—Address with full particulars, Mrs. b. 3. Crescent rd., Efirkdale.

WANTI4D, 1:101MHMAID-WAlTttliSS; also knit ArfiliN- MAID ; three maids kept. —Apply tioJTHDALE, Booth rd., Fairfield, near Manchester.

WANTBD.— Good GIINBRAL, small family, comfortable home; reference required.—Apply to Mrs. IiVANS, Well Bank. Haelingden, near Manchester.

WANThD good, steady, ext,erieneed GiCNEHAL , good reference ; comfortable home.—State age and wages, 27, NORTH CRESCENT, St. Annes-oe-the-Sea.

GIiBBRAL, experienced, about 24, able to plain cook and wash : two in family: comfortable home: state wages and references.—'SlLVEßDELL. Oriel rd., Didsbory.

ailip 1S Tlir 0 N other nr PAosestist:frittttoustD.oecxtopretoir_ l'rlkesi's;fuouar m M eiteepeA; o enced ; highest references.—D., 93, Shaw it.. Liverpool.

isrescoWoaki-tGreeanseersa,l oKu sietri:lncirns dHsouhare„; M.R &Hi:Zit:L(lrue aupetior Geuermil e. —BEL ECT REGIBTRY, thiahohne,Manch eater

VANTEID , respectable GIRL, about 16, for housework good references ; yood home and wages to suitable girl.— Mrs. WoonCoCK, 121, btamford rd., Waterhead, Oldham

01)K. thorough good plain, Protestant, age 24-30; no washing.—Apply by letter first. stating age, wages .to.; higtiest references necessary, Mrs. LEAF, • Church Bank, Bowdon.

WANTSD, Situation as COMPANION 1-113 LP or Cook- Housekeeper ; small remuneration taken for com- fortable home. HigLeot retereaces.-79, NEw 31)81 RD., Cadiebeaci.

WANTRD, strong Woman as LAUNDIteSS in small College; gool home and wages: a month'. holiday during the year.—Apply Miss Bitowri, Orford Hall, Warrington.

WANTI. D CPOK, Waltrealet, Ebusemaid-Waitresses Between-Maid and thoroughly experienced Cook- G eneral and Generals--Mu. tdoaTtliatt, 17, Hale rd., Altrinelaam.

IivANTHD, itnmedlatelY. CIIIISIIFIAL 81iNVANT, age about 18 ; small Louse ; two In family ;Icomfortable home; state references and wages required. —.Lowls, 28, Hargreave Villas, Harts wood rd., Havenscuurt Park.

WAPTMD immediately COOK-Gliiiiiit&L, willing to learn; one year's reference at least ; wages accord- ing to capaollities ; also next month, House-Parlourmald , or young Girl willing tO be trained.—rs. C., Woodlana View, Bakewell.

- ,

nomtstit ,trllants, etc.

%iJANTHD, strong GIRL, about 18, for housework, small family.-61, t•ANDOWN LANE, Wavertree, Liverpool.

*lorsts,lEtogs, Elbe *totk scr

FPTO LET 17, FOLLY LANK.—Apply Woons Sox Solleitors. Horgernarket Street, Warrington.

Voulap, eggs, eft.

QTAUIDH, pure, wtrte or rearn, Olb. bis. carriage paid.— SWIFT, t.utton, bt. Helene.

JOOM TO WAIN, cloth wovea loge, see liet.—l3. L. BERRY, 24, Veer at , Halifax.

IIISHIP, meeh,niettl, eent post free le. 6d.—VALLINcE LA Co 12, Diewgate in., London.

I 15111 HICK VVINNHII, first and 5 consolation ; lines 6d. 1 A each.--BNFDDILN, Artist, Vfling.iViP, riltieVOW.

BUtiKS MAGNIV Li, the quickest Waver, sets 4,i. to Is . —Order from DraFers everywhere. " Elmore."

QD. Fitsll.—Patent Saucepan °leaner, makes saucepan ticleauing ;.leasure.—DßAKE, 71, bt. Philips rd., Norwmt.).

66 BGlirD" Picture Pot Cards, 12 different Countie _LA post free 6d.-11nw•lais, baliabury, Wilts.

I\T OTT i Nti HAM. LACHI CUR LAIN 3. marvellous value. 1.1 prices sent free.— P.sm.tEtt,33,Gutt.rie st..Hadford, Notts.

GALVANISLD CORRUGATHD BIIHRTQI all warranted sound; Mt.. 91. ; 4ft., is. ; 51t., 51. 3d. ; 6ft. is. 6d, ; 7ft., la 9d. ; Bft., 2s. ; 9ft., 2s. 54, ; 10ft., 2s. 84. each ridging, •I. per foot; spouting. 314. per foot. BARBRD FHNOING Wlttli, in fawt. reels, 224 yards, 7s. per reel ; plain, galvanised wire, in lcwt. bundles, various gauges, 12s. per cwt. ; wrought iron standards, is. 34. each.—BUTLEB , Bell Works. Wolverhampton. Bstabllshed 1828.

MATCHLBSEI CO M PLEXIONS.—The freaness and brilliancy of youth guaranteed Ladles at all times ; a unique preparation, containing steel, pennyroyal, bitter apple, and other valuable ingredients ; safe, sure, speedy, absolutely harmless; sample box, 6d.—Postal Orders to CHRIST° Co., 9, Mincing lane, London, 8.0.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, November 2, 1907.

ilitsrtltaneouq, On salt, etc

IPORRIOK LlNlid, 2 for 6d. and etemp.—SIDNEY, 9, Lymingtan Avenue, Wood —reen.

DIKLIiSS PRN.--dend 4d.. post free. -livisit-smany Pius Co., 158, Shaftesbury avenue, London.

TAOHIS Your Advertising Pay? We can make it. Advice LI free.--Boxn's 5 Alexandra rd., Louth.

A ICY PhOtograph Beautifully Snlarged (20 x 16), 4s. 9d /a. post free.--FBITCIiaRD, Sketty, Swansea.

BAL Galli. ed. oath, are my Limerick lined.- 1.11, " IrLasitaw," 26, Westbcurne st.. Weotminster.

EitiFORE ROYAL'I Y —Song "Horne " 'Evans.) ls. each. —H. THomas, Publisher, Morriston, Glem.

CIOSTUMIL lengtb, five yards. choiee Tailors Tweed. 12s. k._.) patterns free ; bargain.—HotmEB Corny, Oongleton.

meV A Y PRIZA 2.IIMaL PLA.NOB, popular prices, cata- logues free.--eazsawELL, High at., Wandsworth.

HANDWbITING, Character Delineations, lad., by the successful • S•H.L.' 81, Hereford rd., Bayswater, W.

OSHBAG Suspenders prevent waste of forage; fifty sold II to one firm ; Lady wood rd.,Birmingham

-TRW RBLUITOUS BRClTBll.—Suitable Present; cloth .1.1 bound, 13id. free.—PUBLISHER, 1. Balaclava rd., Cardiff.

Zpartments, Affurittsl)tb 300u5t0, Bct

VENTNOR.—APARTMEIciTS, cosy, sea view, balcony mlderate.—BULL, 2, Boone Vista terrace, Dudley rd.

Fottls, Woros, toarDino 654 tab. that the people seem to want, but tell them they

OURNIIMO UT H.— Kingsway Temperance Hotel, can only get it by taxing the foreigner, is the 12 Lanedowne rd., 3i minutes sea. Boarders from 255. ; order of the day, and 110 wonder the older and central, comfortable, musical.—Mre. BwEre, Proprietress.

more honest type of politician hardly likes it.

Beer is said to be a Stilllll THE ELECTIONS. Wit. The results of yestee day's two election contests in Warrington were decided in favour of—and perhaps by—beer. If this does not stimulate the temperance cause, and put backbone into the Nonconformists then Warrington is indeed given over to the enemy ! We are saddened at the want of perception shown by the Warrington electorate in these contests ; their manliness must have become a dull and spiritless thing if they can be won over 30 simply by the representatives of the trade which openly aims at securing the domination of the municipality of Warringtou. But while we regret the issue of the fight we are not in the least despondent. The gauntlet has been thrown down, and we have faith lin the latent spirit of the people of Warrington to pick it up and wage war with a singleness of purpose which has been manifested before. Tile Light is only just beginning and we can find heart to rejoice that, at any rate, the issue is not obscured. The drink demon must be fought and strangled befofe it gets a resistless hold on the town. Toe victory of the brewers' representa- tives yesterday was complete, but we foresee an early reversal of this hasty verdict. Now that the call to arms has been ratseel we trust that all the progressive forces will unite to rehabilitate Warrington's fair fame !

The Town Council has A CORPORATIoN. decided to have a nursery— NURSERY. and any chance visitor to the Council meeting on Tuesday might very naturally have concluded that he had,by mistake, got into that nursery, for the character of some of the discussions bordered on the childish. But the nursery in question, for which the Town Hall Parks and Baths Committee is paying the Health Committee £5 a year, consists of two acres of land at Sankey which it is intended to use for the cultivation of trees and shrubs destined for the public streets and parks. Alderman Bolton seems to have been absent from the Coin mittee meeting at which the nursery ven- ture waa decided upon, and apparently for this reason chiefly he opposed the scheme in Council. We know no one who can be more cantankerous than the Deputy Mayor when he wants, and he wanted badly on Tuesday. After making all sorts of frivolous objections he finally withdrew his amendment. They would be "landed into a white elephant"he said amid much laughter. We remember when the municipal bowling green question was first mooted Alderman Bolton was a bitter opponent and said that "grass would not grow in Warrington." Apparently there is less difficulty in growing grass and shrubs than orchids and even Alderman Bolton can grow orchids in Warrington. We hope the nursery will be a success. It ought to have the paternal blessing of the Beautiful Warrington Society. -

To use his own words, the MR. CROFIELD, Member for Warrington has M.P. "ON THE been "on the stump " Srumr." during the past week. Commencing with Friday evening he spoke at a meeting of the Junior Liberals, and at a social gathering and prize dis tribution at the Liberal Club. His speech to the youngest branch of the Liberal party was at once the longest and the most comprehensive he has ever delivered in Warrington. It covered almost the whole range of contemporary politics and was delivered with an ease and logical force which maintained the keen interest of the audience from start to finish. Mr. Crosfield made a lengthy criticism of Socialism and the Communistic idea which should exercise the minds of those burning enthusiasts whose plan for social reform includes the revolution of the existing order of things in this comparatively well-ordered State. .From politics, the Member passed on to sport at the Liberal Club, and again on Saturday at Manchester he regaled the members of the Lancashire and Cheshire Bowling Association (of which he is President) with one of those chatty, reminiscent speeches which come so well from the lips of such a pronounced out- door man. On Monday evening Mr. Crosfleld was seen in the political field once more, as chairman of the joint demonstration organized by the Women's Liberal Association and the Progressive Labour League. Another address of some length was welcomed, for Mr. CROSFIELD can suit himself to his hearers, and on this occasion he had much to say of interest to the large number of ladies present. Woman's sphere in politics as well as municipal government is broadening rapidly, and the Member for Warrington welcomes the fact with the earnestness of a true progressive. He has had a busy week-end, but we are sure be has enjoyed the opportunity of meeting so many supporters and friends in the realms of both politics and sport. The next events to look forward to in local politics are the visit of the Right Hon. AUGUSTINB BIRRELL (Chief Secretary for Ireland) in December, and Mr. CROSFIELD'S second annual account of his stewardship of the electoral Borough of Warrington early in the new year. In fact the breeze of Liberal ismis blowing with such steadiness and vigour that there will be no difficulty in keeping the flag flying in Warrington for a long time to come!

The capital invested in THE HORRORS OF English railways stood last A &BIKE. year at 1,287 millions; the receipts 117 f millions ; the passengers 1,240 A ; the goods and minerals conveyed 459 million tons. If a striks involved a quarter of the traffic, its consequence would be disastrous and unthinkable. The central committee of the syndicate of railway servatits in Italy have pronounced against a strike,satisfied to know "that it needed only one word from itself to arrest the life of the nation." The last clause describes the situation. With 30 per cent added to the cost of living, the loss to the community, whose average expenditure is 15s. per family, would stand at two millions sterling per week. Undoubtedly the cost of necessities would be increased. The companies employ 391,681 men; the Amalgamated and allied societies command 143,000. The weekly revenue of the companies is over two millions. Directors might bargain on 1 losing 25 per cent. of that and on expenaes going! up simultaneously. At present the average dividend is less than 3i ! But the weekly loss of over half-I a million to the shareholders, and over a quarter of a million to the men, are merely incithnts in a grim nightmare stcry which ()illy the imagination of a romantic novelist like Mr. H. G. Weirs could properly set before us.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Sale of Work.

The annual sale af work in connection with St. Peter's Church was held in the schools, John-street, on Monday and Tuesday. There was an attractive display of useful and fancy articles, the stalls being presided over by the following :—Vicarage stall : Mrs. Percival, Mrs. Greaves, Mrs. Heacock, Mrs. East, and Miss Young. Refreshment stall : Mrs. Bamforth, Mrs. Webster, Mrs. Lingley, Mrs. Yeomans, Mrs. Skelland, and Miss Barlow. Men's stall: Mrs. Steel, Mrs. Russell, Mrs. Rylance. Aivertisement stall : Mrs. Cowdell, Mrs. Joseph Wilkinson and the Misses Wilkinson. Toy stall : Misses Lily Percival, Horton, Dennett, Forshaw, and A. Kenyon. Flower stall: Misses Stanley, Webster, and Sarah Young. Sweet still: Misses Percival, Hughes, and M. Boyle.—The sale was opened on Monday by the Mayoress (Mrs. Smethurst.) Councillor Fulton Smith, who presided, said they were now passing through a serious crisis in social matters, but they hoped that good would pre- vail aud that the evil genius of Socialism as it was now expounded to them would be swept out of the country because should it have the upper hand he feared it would be a sad day for dear old England. (Applause.) —The Rev. B. Percival congratulated Councillor Fulton-Smith on having had a " walkover" with regard to the representation of that ward in the Town Council, and said he hoped he would live long to represent them.—On Tuesday the sale was re- opened by Mrs. John Fairclough. The total proceeds of the sale amounted to £B6.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,

NOVHAIBBR 2nd, 1907.

It is a pertinent question WHAT IS A which Lord ROBERT CECIL CONSERVATIVE? asks in a letter to "The

Times " regarding the qualification for inclusion in the Conservative Party, and it is more particularly interesting because of the recent attempts on the part of some good' people, mostly Tariff Reformers, to scare us out of our wits by shouting, "Socialism ' in our ears. Lord ROBERT is not a Tariff Reformer, but his Conservatism is unquestionable. For all that, there is not much doubt that he will be drummed out of the party before the next election simply because he is a Free Trader, and declines to abandon the traditional policy of his party as laid down by successive Conservative leaders for many years past. liefeels that he has some right to complain, when he finds one of the most prominent of Tariff Reformers using a Conservative platform to advocate the nationalisation of railways and canals payment of members, transference of the cost of education from the rates to the taxes, adult male and female suffrage, taxation of land values, non-contributory old-age pensions of ss. a week and contributory pensions in addi- tion. State-feeding and clothing of school- children, and many other such items of policy. These surely are hardly distinguishable from the programme of the Labour members in the House of Commons, and yet because that left wing of the party of progress has advocated some of these the whole organisation of the Conservative Party fs to be turned out to fight "Socialism." Lord ROBERT CECIL is quite frank. He does not like this programme, and he does not think it orthodox Conservatism. But the person who advocates it is allowed without question to remain a member of the party because he has the Tariff Reform hook hidden under this bait ; while Lord ROBERT, whose Conservatism has no tinge of this Socialistic colouring, is to be driven from Parliament because he believes in cheap food for the people. There is no question that if the present Opposition had to decide between Lord ROBERT CECIL and MT. WATSON RUTHERFORD, M.P., whose programme he criticises, they would keep Mr. RUTHERFORD because of his Fiscal Policy, because he utters the shibboleth about making the foreigner pay, and because he is pre- pared to tax the necessaries of life. We do not complain. The Consarvative Party has the right to make what conditions it likes for member- ship of the party, and the only condition at present seems to be a belief in a Tariff Reform. But we have some right of complaint when these same Tariff Reformers try to get the people on their side by advocating some of the very measures which have led them to enter on the campaign against Socialism. The new programme advocates the taxation of land values. It is hardly two months since the House of Lords threw out the Scottish Valuatiou Bill because it was a first step towards the separate taxation of land, and we have some recollection that the Opposition in the House of Commons fought the measure. Tariff Reformers are insincere when they are attacking Liberals for being Socialists, and Lord ROBERT CECIL obviously knows it. He ask now if belief in Tariff Reform is the only qualification for a" Conservative " Member of Parliament. It would seem so, for some of the reforms now being advocated are certainly such as would never have been dreamt of five years ago. Promise anything

===== 0002601_19071102_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS. .1

In the course of a speech on Tuesday, Alderman Bennett said "the Aluseum Committee deals with things which are eternal, and not with those which are transitory." Which category do the field-mice and snakes come under we wonder !

Mr. R. Pierpoint advanced a sound reason on Thursday for the retention of the House of Lords. The second chamber was necessary he said, "to make grammatical some of the erratic sentences sent up from the House of Commons." 0 _

Mr. J. Howes, with alai facility for hitting the nail on the head which distinguishes him, referred at Monday evening's demonstration in Parr Hall to the fact that at the General Election the Liberal Party "fought for cheap food and meant to continue the fight." The present high price of bread was due, he explained, to the shortage of wheat all over the world. But under Free Trade bread was cheaper, and would remain cheaper in this country than in any other country in the world.

* * * We have to heartily congratulate Mr. J. T. Locker on his unopposed election to the Town Council. Councillor Locker will make a valuable addition to the Liberal ranks. The members of the Association are particularly pleased that their " hon. sec." should have thus been honoured by his townsmen. Coun- cillors Hawthorn, Skelland, Wilkinson, Burton and Ellison also have our congratulations on their return without a contest. 0 .4

His Worship the Mayor was quite overcome by the chorus of praise which sounded in his ear on Tuesday evening when the Council formally thanked him for the " satsfactory manner in which he has discharged the responsible duties." Members vied with one another in heaping encomiums on his Worship's silvery head, and we should think he never felt quite such a paragon of virtue. The compliments were all genuine, and most of them well-deserved. Alderman Smethurst has made a capital Mayor—hard-working, impartial, and courteous—and he merits the thanks of the community.

* * * Election ardour on the part of Mr. W. Rogers or one of his friends has led to an indiscretion which should not pass unnoticed by the Beautiful Warring- ton Society. Nearly every blank wall and gable end in Town Hall Ward is defaced by the huge inscription in chalk "Rogers X." It struck us as being some- what incomplete. "Rogers' XX X " would surely have been better.

0 -zr,

Some of the Tory election posters are distinctly funny. For instanca Mr. W. B. Roberts said to the people of Howley: " You want to save a bit. Vote for Roberts and better wages." We fail to see the connection. How is Mr. W. B. Roberts going to improve the wages of the workers ? The trade he belongs to has more to do with creating poverty and keeping wages low than any other. If he really desires people to "save a bit" he should advise them to sign the pledge. Then they would save a lot ! * * *

Another true blue poster advises the electors to vote for "Rogers, Roberts, and religious equality," and promises clear, distinct, and solid religious instruc- tion" by "teachers who believe in the instruction they give." The poster then offers £lOO if it can be proved that the Radical party supports this policy. Somebody ought to claim that £lOO at once, if they know where to get it from. The Radical policy does include religious instruction, but not denominational instruction in the State schools. When it suits them our Tory friends can apparently gloss over the differ- ence. What they really want is not religious instruc- tion, but instruction in their particular dogma pro- vided at the public expense. The Radical policy is that the sects must provide their own instruction in the faith they profess. * *

The " Electrical Times " in its review of the accounts of the Warrington Electric Supply under- taking,passes a complimentary opinion on the manage- ment of the local department which should be gratify- ing to the Warrington Electricity Committee and Engineer, reads as follows :—" A considerable decrease in the average price obtained from the three classes of supply is indicated, the total having fallen to 10. per unit. Yet on so low a rate of charge sub- stantial profits have been earned, the balance to the good on the year's work exceeding £2,500. Such a yield would obviously have been impossible but for the high standard of economical working that had been established."

• Ce We cannot resist the contrast between the two passages which follow : We license-holders have That having regard to not, perhaps, gone to the unfair and illogical church as much as we attitude of the clergy ought to have. We pro- towards the licensing ques- pose to tarn over a new tion and other matter in leaf. We have, therefore, connection with the trade, arranged with the Church this meeting of Yorkshire of England authorities to brewers pledges itself to attend Divine service at do all in its power to assist St. Ann's Church, on Bth the present movement for December.—Chairman of the disestablishment of the the Central Board of the Anglican Church.— Licensed and Allied Trades, Resoldtion of the Yorkshire Manchester, 23rd Oct., 1907. Brewers' Association, 1907. It was not ever thus but when they do agree their unanimity is wonderful "Morning Leader." • • At least a dozen women in different parts of the kingdom are now seeking seats upon the borough councils, opened to them this year by the passing of the Qualification of Women (Borough and County Councils) Act. Manchester, Bolton, Brecon, Burslem, Croydon, Edinburgh, Eastbourne, Hull, High Wycombe, Leicester, Oxford, and Swansea have each one candidate. In addition a medical woman will be put forward by the Labour Representation Committee for a vacancy that will shortly arise on the Newcastle City Council. Southport, which early elected an unusual number of women to the Board of Guardians, had at one time the prospect of a woman candidate for the Town Council, but a little while ago Mrs. Rimmer announced her withdrawal because the Liberals had not left her a seat to contest. In almost every case the woman candidate has already proved herself in public work. * *

Coroner Brighonse has been running" amok " just recently, and we cannot see that he has added much that is enviable to his reputation in the "little breezes" at Warrington and Widnes. The other day at a Warrington inquest the Coroner,in his high mightiness chose to condemn the new Chief Constable in that 'official's absence. Said Mr. Brighouse, "If this is a sample of the new regime, I prefer the on," Since then it has transpired that the Chief Constable was absent for an excellent reason, and that be was not to blame for any peculiar circumstances which aroused the Coroner's ire. The Town Council has expressed complete confidence in their officer,and the magistrates on Tuesday went so far as to suggest that the Coroner owed Mr. Nicholls an apology. We hope the Coroner will he generous and admit thafi ) was unjust to an absent defendant in his own Court. The other little matter rests between Mr. Brighouse and Mr. J. W. Knowles. Both are solicitors and both have an equally good opinion of themselves. No apology seems to be due eitber way. * * _

If Councillor Wilkinson read the " Evening Chronicle" on Thursday evening, he must have rubbed his eyes hard and wondered whether he was dreaming, for under the heading " War- rington Sportsman Candidate," the journal announced tint "Mr. W. M'Neill Sloane, is making a strenuous effort against Councillor Wilkinson in Orford Ward at Warrington. Mr. Sloane was the originator of the first Association football club in the Cheshire capital, the Chester Wanderers, which was formed in the early eighties, and was for several seasons a eentre forward in the field. He is also an old racing cyclist and athlete, having won many one mile handicaps. He is the president of the Dublin Conservative Association." It is conceivable that Mr. Sloane may also have been a little bit staggered at this circum- stantial piece of "news." The facts are, of course, that Councillor Wilkinson has been returned unopposed and Mr. Sloane is not a candidate, though a nomination paper was put in on his behalf against Councillor Skelland, and then withdrawn. We wonder if the " Chronicle " has the gift of second sight and relates what may be happening three years hence!

===== 0002601_19071102_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TORY MEETING.

CRITICAL NOTES ON THE SPEECHES.

rtiM w

\ ' w ,

The Tory ticket meeting has come and gone. There was a large attendance but little enthusiasm. Evidently the flood of Tory oratory did not stimulate the audience to any great extent. The Right Hon. A. Lyttelton devoted almost the whole of his criticism to the Socialistic propaganda. Perhaps the most amusing part of his speech was his reference to the late Lord Beaconsfield as the great social reformer. " No- one painted with more vividness the sufferings of the poor "said Mr. Lyttleton, and we might add that no- one more persistently ignored their sufferings or refused to satisfy their aspirations. It would have been instructive if Mr. Lyttelton had endeavoured to point to some of the wise measures carried either by Beaconsfield, Salisbury, Balfour or Chamberlain for the improvement of the condition of the poor. The late Government, we were told, appointed a Royal Commission to study the effect of the Poor Law with a view to an experiment in the direction of old age pensions. Tory Governments are noted for Royal Commissions and inquiries, but unfortunately they are never able to get beyond that. The problems that the late Government inquired into the present Government has been stesdily solving, and if the dead weight of Toryism in the Second Chamber can be overcome, reforms will be carried much more speedily than they have been in the past. Mr. LYTTELTQN evidently felt that he was treading on tender ice when he came to deal with the question of Protection, mis-named Tariff Reform. He spoke of " the desire of the Unionist party (with some dissen- tients, with whom they must reason) to adjust the Customs of this country in such a manner as to bring the foreigner into partnership with us in some of the burdens we had to bear." Seeing that under our present system we have a larger foreign trade in pro- portion to our population than any other country,'n the world, seeing also that we are the largest Our builders and exporters, and that all these advantages have come to us since we abolished the old Tory methods of Protection and opened our ports to the world, it would have been interesting if the hon. gentleman had pointed out how this partner ship, which he suggests, will increase our wealth or lighten our burdens. In reference to these matters Mr. Lyttelton was wise in avoiding details and dealing only in generalities. If his party would tell us what articles they propose to tax and what is to be the j amount of taxation there would be very few people, especially those connected with our commercial arrangements, who would dare to render them much assistance at the time of a general election. Mr. W. PETER RYLANDS told us that the principle underlying the Conservative party is "the principle which aims in the broadest sense at the best for the nation and the empire, and for the individual fair play all round." We wonder whether this sentence was uttered in ignorance or with intent to deceive. In view of the fact that every great reform on the Statute Book has been resisted by the Tory PartY until resistance was no longer possible ; remember- ing that they opposed the opening of our ports and the giving of cheap food to the people, that they offered determined opposition to the extension of the franchise, the passing of the Ballot Act, the removal of religious disabilities, Catholic emancipa- tion and to all the great measures of reform which have made the past hundred years so glorious, vre feel that Mr. Rylands must be a man of considerable courage to make the above declaration at the present time when we have just finished a melancholy and distressing period of Tory rule during which the old horrors of Toryism were repeated with savage enthusiasm. Mr. RYLANDS then claimed for his party the fulfil' ment of promises, evidently forgetting the many times that his friend Mr. Chamberlain and others have recommended old age pensions, and the distirct promise given in Birmingham re compensation for injuries to workmen, when we were told that they (the Conservatives) desired to give "compensation for ever/ accident." A long catalogue of promises made by Tory statesmen and not yet fulfilled could he here recorded if space permitted. Dealing with Colonial matters Mr. Rylands out-Heroded Herod. He said that "under the administration of Mr. Chamberlain, ably succeeded by Mr. Lyttelton, there has been a, development in the Colonial and imperial idea sun and an appreciation of what colonies really mean such as never existed throughout the whole hi storY of our empire." Probably Mr. Rylands was not referring to South Africa. There the Colonial policy of Mr. Chamber- lain and Mr. Lyttelton destroyed two republics, abolished peace, brought about a long and costly war, closed the labour market to the British workingman and flooded it with alien Chinese, and this state a confusion, disorder and degradation had to be grappled with by the present Government, which has already succeeded in restoring the right of self- government, establishing a friendship between British and Dutch, and clearing out the Chinese at a rapid rate in order to open out South Africa as a field for British labour. It is amazing that Tory speakers can so trade upon the supposed short memories of the people as to make such statements as those deliversd by Mr. Rylands so soon after the sad exhibition a colonial blunders perpetrated by the late Tory Govern raent. The remainder of Mr. Rylands' speech was more amusing than logical. He treated his audience to ten minutes fire works, and although his remarks did not contain much instruction, we hope they Pro- vided a little entertainment.

IZCZ;:r-13-1-E-i-tr—o-t-s—T -undertook the defence of the House of Lords, confusing the question of the heredi- tary obstacle against which Liberals contend with the necessity for a Second Chamber. Of course all reformers recognize that it is possible to have a Second Chamber without having an hereditary House 01, Lords, and it is because the Liberals desire the will 01 the people to prevail that our Prime Minister apPe3l9 to the nation for assistance to enable him flt make the people's decision supreme. Ur. Pierpoint's speech was most important for what it did not contain. Scale time ago our Member, Mr. Crosfield, wrote calling Mr. Pierpoint's attention to the question of the Chinese problem a South Africa and criticising the doings of our so-called 'Unionist friends in regard to that matter. The letter contained a distinct challenge to Mr. Pierpoint concerning a few of the most important events with reference to the Tory responsibility for the flooding of the labour market of South Africa viit.ll alien Chinese. Mr. Pierpoint altogether ignored this question and Mr. Crosfield's letter, and in so doing be certainly showed an amount of wisdom which does Ilyn credit. We take it that the people will not readily forget the terrible responsibility attaching to the TorY party in reference to this dark page of Colonial history, and although Tory speakers may avoid the issusrer memory of these things will still remain in the public mind and the altered condition of things in South Africa,brought about by the present Liberal administra- tion, will have its influence when the people are again invited to go to the polls.

1 An Ironworker's Death. Mr. Coroner Brighouse held an inquest on Tuesday' ' afternoon, on the body of Frederick Monks, aged 36 years, an ironworker's labourer, who had resided at 23, Winifred-street, Warrington. Mr. Suniner,factory inspector, attended. Mr. -F. G. Taylor appeared on behalf of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles, and Mr. Steel for the relatives of the deceased. The Coroner said the deceased had been employed as a labourer at Messrs. Pearson and Knowles' Dallain Forge. On the third of June he met with an accident at his work," his foot was crushed across the instep. He W5B removed to the Infirmary, where he remained for a month. Then he came out and walked on crutches, and was treated as an out-patient. Lately he had bees declining in health, and he died on Friday the 25th inst., before the arrival of the doctor who was suni- moned.—Dr. Wright said the cause of death wag failure of the heart's action, with commencing acute congestion of the lungs. He found the foot la ! healthy conditon.—The jury returned a verdict of ‘` Death from natural causes," and expreesed their sympathy with the relatives.—Mr. Taylor also added the company's sympathy, seeing that Monks had rot with an accident in their works.—Mr. Steel said Mr Monks was well known in the town. The relatives were quite satisfied with the result of the pot' mortem examination.

. The following adiertisement appears in a Worcester newspaper : A LADY of title wishes to hear from a respectable clever Christian Scientist, male preferred, Wll° would use his best endeavours by prayers, ex., obtain for her the restoration of some front teebtl long since departed; handsome emoluments 1. successful.

PETROLEUM OIL ' IN BARRELS and DrUOIS delivered free. Ask prices.—J. S. GARLAND, Ifoll' monger, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt.

Wlr

===== 0002601_19071102_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, .

===== 0002601_19071102_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

Coining Events. The artistes at the popular concert at Bold-street school to-night will be Miss Garnett Ball, Miss Leicester and Messrs. Platt, Greenough, Moss and Ditchfield (humorist). A Liberal meeting will be held in the Large Room '-TraPpenhall, on Monday evening, when the speakers Will include Sir J. Ernmott Barlow, M.P., Hon Lady Barlow, and Mr. A. J. King M.P. t, Performances of the Gilbert and Sullivan operetta Trial by Jury" will be given in the dining-hall at Xessrs. Crosfield's wo.rks on Thursday and Saturday -next by the works choir and orchestra. An old age pensions demonstration at Parr Hall on Monday, November 18th, will be addressed by Mr. G. • Barnes, M.P., and Mr. Stephen Walsh, M.P. .kr At a meeting of the Junior Liberal Association on 411. onday evening Mr. H. Gray will give a paper °a "he value and significance of the Hague Conference."

Cheshire Hunt Mishaps. Some bad luck attended the hunt with the Cheshire Hounds on Tuesday from Church Minshull. Mr. James Tomkinson, M.P., lost a valuable hunter, which was injured by a stake in a fence and was shot, and a hunter ridden by Miss Court, of Middlewich, was torn by barbed wire. Police Inspector's Retirement. Inspector Alfred James Taylor having given notice of his desire to retire from the police force after upwards of 26 years' service, and the Chief Constable having certified the service as approved service for the purpose of the Police Acts, the Watch Committee have resolved that there be paid out of the police pension fund to Mr. Taylor, a pension for life equal to two-thirds of his annual pay.

Mr. J. Maginn's Annual Sale. As will be seen from an advertisement in another column, Mr. John Maginn will hold his annual sixteen days' clearance sale by auction at the Royal Court Sale Rooms, Rylands-street, commencing on Wednes- day next. A. very high-class stock of furniture is offered, the value exceeding £6,100. The whole of the stock will be on view on Monday and Tuesday next.

Or FINEST IRISH EGGS try ASHLEY'S.—At. -The Railway Crisis. The ballot of members of the 'Warrington branch of the A.S.R.S. has been taken and the papers sent on to ~ e ()laden. The result is not known here, but it is uelieved that the men are almost unanimously in favour of recognition. "Plant Life." The highly interesting lectures on " Plant Life " Were continued at the Co-operative Hall on Wednes- day evening when Professor F. E. Weiss,D. Sc., spoke chiefly on the protection of plants against animal foes „Troi the winter season. There was a large attendance. •Lhe next lecture will be given on November 13th. WRITE CHEESE Gd.'per lb., ASHLEY'S, key St.—Advt New Volunteer Adjutant. , Captain G. R. Mott, of the 2nd South Lancashire llegiment, at Blackdown, has been appointed to the Vjutancy of the Ist Volunteer Battalion Prince of ales, Volunteers (South Lancashire Regiment). Captain Nfott commenced his career in the 4th Battalion louth Wales Borders (Royal Montgomery Militia) in -iansi?'Y'narY, 1887, and passed into the South Lancashire h i'''' .1u,1899. He served with his battalion in India and a highly spoken of. Funeral of Mr. H. 0. Pickton. . There was a striking demonstration of respect at the funeral of Mr. H. 0. Pickton, of 278, Lovely-lane, .vich took place on Sunday at Stockton Heath (St. 5, Thomas') church-yard. Mr. Pickton who was in his i'th year, was for 33 years in the service of the ndon and North-Western Railway Company, and . Over seventy of his fellow guards and drivers walked 11 procession to pay their last mark of respect. There Were many handsome floral tributes, including a large One from the railway workers. r.TATILE, FLooR AND HANGING LAMPS. New .uesigns now showing.—J, S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge- street, Warrington.—Advt. Animated Pictures at the Parr Hall. There will be a first class attraction at the Parr 11, all, for the fortnight commencing Monday next. Mr. ZYuneY Carter's New Century Pictures will be pre- „ented under the direction of Mr. Francis D. Sunder- and and as the company has already gained a very 'ucriglit reputation in Warrington there should be ..._rded audiences. Entirely new sets of pictures b..vi Ibe exhibited. There will be afternoon perform- 'laces each Saturday at three. The Lancashire Education Committee's Scholarships and Exhibitions. An attractive list of scholarships and exhibitions for s competition in 1908 has just been issued by the ' ,-isincashire Education Committee. Beginning with `s'latas 1, for elementary school subjects, the list offers oPportunities for candidates intending to become pupil teachersf , or secondary school subjects, for art, music, a uqri..culture, cotton technology, and calico printing ; 21,1 e special scholarships for domestic economy and nict-wifery are set apart for women. Full particulars of the value of the exhibitions and scholarships, and 1141a..e.. advantages attaching to them, are given on the suauce paper issued by the committee, and other vticulars are obtainable on application fo the greeter of Education (Mr. H. Lloyd Snape, D.Sc., '•(.1)), Education Department, County Offices, Preston. b___FrIBLIC BENEFIT—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST ...'uoTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. re,!,ley Popular Concerts. ..._ The success of these concerts continues and there rrae another crowded audience on Saturday evening, in 80ld-street Wesleyan school. The Rev. T. Miller Presided, and during an interval in the programme nave some sound advice to the young people present. n admirable programme was submitted and was 11 received. The banjo duets of Miss Hall and Mr. Tgginbottom were splendidly played, and they I'llaor.oughly deserved the encores they received. G__claToe Christian and Miss B. Eckersley and Messrs. ou_ngn and Clayton were wermly applauded for their s sfV, and Miss Edith Winstanley received an encore ?r her rendering of a "Japanese love song." A p,Lnoforte solo was played by Mrs. Forman and Miss w.instanley. Mr. Arthur Maybury created great mirth with his humorous sketches. Mrs. Forman was ne accompanist. Po r PURE PORK SAUSAGES try ASHLEY'S.—Advt. Warrington Philomathic Society. vitik, meeting of the above society was held- on The annual sale of work in connection with the , eanesday A mock Parliament was held, the • ' Parish Church was opened in Fairfield kAt.ov.ernmen't being a Labour Ministry. The speaker Warrington schools on Thursday afternoon and promises to be a rS. C. Burgess) took his seat at 7.45. After the great success. The objects to which the proceeds will usual questions, a Bill for the granting of a pension he devoted are the new Parochial Institute, St. George's : 58. a week to people over the age of 65 years extension fund, the church wardens' fund, and St. with certa• • • introduced b Mr. J. G. in restrictions) was y . Clement's new room. The ladies have taken up the Williams.lproject with considerable large and the result of their He said that many people had no oppor- . efforts was seen in the collection of useful and ~_ to save and that keener competition fancy articles which filled the stalls. The following ant less chance than ever for the poor. are the names of the stell-holders : Many, people, who earned large sums of money per RECTORY STALL.—Mrs. Willis, MTS. Rylands, Mrs. .;',.!ar for their work, received pension at the end. Hutchings, Mrs. Gunner, Miss Shaw and Miss White. "lay then should not those who had helped to build up PARISH CHURCH STALL.—Mrs. Craik, Mrs. Taylor, ,?,ur great industrial system, receive a pension also? Mrs. Lees, Mrs. Scott, and Mrs. Farrell. Poor law system required alteration—many people G.F.S. STALL.—Misses White, Mrs. R. Collin, Mrs. ullt Would _do anything rather than enter the workhouse. Lunt and Mrs. Bottomley. CHILDREN'S STALL.—Misses Dorothy and Vera .is ,-,14" solution of the difficulty lay in granting Old Age Lt" Collin. ensions. An amendment to read the Bill in six YOUNG MEN's STALL.—Mrs. Andrews, Mrs. Tilling, "°. °Mils time was proposed but, after a lengthy dis Mrs. Burrows, Mrs. Hopkins. Mrs. Hill, Mrs. Carman, cussion defeated by a large majority and the origina Mrs. Baldwin, Mrs. Brandreth, Mrs. Rooke, Miss B pas'sal. Brimelow, Miss Wadsworth, Miss Stockton. ill BEALRD " KITCHEN RANGES and " Peveril ST. GEORGE'S MrssroN STALL.—Miss Hetherinuton, a ' Mrs. Barrett, Mrs. Knight, Miss Bowles, Miss Buckley. Fire Grates are unsurpasssd—lnspection invited. ST. CLEMENT'S MISsION STALL.—Mrs. Barber, Mrs. —J• S. GARLAND, 51, 55, Bridge-street, Warrington. Hall, Mrs. Sanders, Mrs. I. Hicks, Mrs. H. Hicks, Mrs. --Advt. Gray. 'The Field Club. , FLOWER STALL.—Miss Lowe. REFRESHMENT STALL.—Miss Willis, Misses Brooks Mr- Womersley presided at the opening meeting of , Miss Price, Miss Woods, Miss Taylor, Miss Sankey „the Field Club when Mr. J. Thompson, of Chester, ' Ariss Maud Wood, Mrs. Leigh. aelivered a lecture on "British fungi." After some I The sale was opened on Thursday afternoon by Colonel general remarks on the localities in which fungi occur :R. Ireland-Blackburne, of Hale Hall, who was accom- -011 the usefulness as food of many, and on the poisonous Ipanied by Mrs. Blackburne. There WAS a large attend- tthe ißector (Rev. Canon Willis) presiding. Or injurious character of others, Mr. Thompson pro- attend- ance, 14,)se Apreisenittidwpaetre.:—Rovs. Canon Morley ceeded, with the aid of the blackboard, to illustrate " be Stmeveeng:oret h T. W. Barber. G. A. t nature of the processes of spare formation and of Leienne. W. Stanton, W. Pollock-Hill, Mr. and Mrs. reproduction amongst fungi. He then showed a beauti- • John White, Councillor Locker, Messrs. S. Taylor ful .i_ series of lantern slides, which, in pleasant fashion, (people's warden), C. White, F. Taylor, G. Brown, W. .uu.7ollght vividly before his audience the majority of Price, G. F. Taylor and F. M. Darby. ,r. 3 species which occur in Cheshire and North Wales. The RECTOR snia the amount they wished to raise The mode in which many injure forest trees was by the sale was £3OO. Of that sum £lOO would go 1 tporewvair,cilisn providing materials so i'le for the e dneefixcti te sale en etfh e work,tio. Clearly explained. On the proposition of Mr. Wood- -,..°ck, seconded by Mr. Dunlop, and supported by I remaining VOO would be divided' between Chnrtc: Messrs. Fuller and Madeley, a hearty vote of thanks I Institute, which CM their great object, St. George's i was accorded to the lecturer. Another minute book Mission and St. Clement's.—The Rector expressed his 1:4 the club Was presented to the Reference Library. i warm appreciation of Col. Ireland Blackberne's These manuscript minute books recording tne 23 ; generosity, and said he had shown a noble example of years' valuable scientific work of the club, are thus , the sense of the responsibitity which attached to . nn ownearnry Jirool-ii:ortiva. land on gar them the site of that d now hhtehe u Mad° available for general refeience and count asl?longst the many treasures with which the Field Club school,s, Orford WPS being built, and hadewprescehn"trel an rectly and indirectly, has enriched the Municipal ' excellent site for the new parochial institute. He (the .?.? sauseurn and Library. i Rector) earnestly hoped the young Churchmen in the For PLAIN & SMOKED BACON try ASHHEY'S.—Advt. parish would appreciate the effort which was being made A Visit to the Museum. ;on their behalf. He cordially thanked the ladles who . 1 bad worked so hard to promote the success of that sale. On Monday evening the members of Bold-street (Applause.) Wesley Guild visited the Museum and listened to a i Colonel iRET,AND BT.ACKBURNE after expressing the lecture by Mr. C. Madeley on "The WilderaPool Col- pleasure which afforded Mrs. Blackburne and himself to be present.. sainddCanonaWtiltlis had evidently counted on raising is(inkr inlaounsee;? leetion." In imagination they were carried back i 'over 1,500 years, and saw the old Roman settlement ; rsaeimsieegotteerOmaeanhs he meant ifiounodg.Potri fUorntial 6/..nr rounded by its strong protecting walls. They ‘ large and important parish like that, he supposed they snood before its principal building, which was sup- ' must have recourse to the bazaars and sales of work Ported by noble pillars ; and were also greatly ; which seemed te beef annual occurrence. He hoped the Interested in the censtruction of the homes of the sale would be as good as previous sales and even better. ?inhabitants. A somewhat strange-looking key shown (Applause.) °Y Mr. Madeley unlocked the door of one of these l Mr S. TAYLOR, in the absence of Councillor Craik (Rector's wardnen)_pioekvtduraneywoitiee boef satihdani'llcasdtio) Colonel ' teuses, and as the imagination wandered inside, the eteners were interested in the cooking utensils, agnredatMprest. patrons elaj B 1 1 that church. The parish was epeanreeru37- 2.oekery, lamps, fireirons, ornaments, medicine spoons, larly indebted to the Colonel for his gift of the site of i ' 7°lB, great stone jars and last, but not least n :the new Inkitute and be believed they would carry the 41:1_,Portances the baby's feeding bottles. Looking out- scheme through to the credit of the church. The corn- Side the listeners noticed sheep and oxen ready for plete scheme would cost £7,000. 2700 was to raarket, while close by was a putter at his kiln shaping be spent immediately, and they were £3OO short of that amount. jal.B, &c. of clay carried from the Ackers Pits or mt c ded and said that after thereabouts fi . . It was also noticed that the inhabitants 1` ' receiv.inFg. ?.I.leTjair which the men's Bible class had 'weTe manufacturers of glass, iron and bronze goods. undertaken to contribute and the proceeds of that sale, _At the close of the lecture a hearty vote of thanks he believed they would be ins position to meet Colonel was accorded to Mr. Madeley and his assistant Ireland Blackburne's handsome offer by opening the 1

Y. Branch B.W.T.A. A meeting of the above Branch was held at Silver-street Schools on Wednesday. Mrs. Moore - spoke to the Y. members and members of the Girls Club on the object of their programme for the coming season. There were nearly GO present, solos were given by the Misses Cox, Blackstock and Jones. Recitations by Miss Taylor.

Property Sale. Mr. Alfred H. Clive conducted a property sale at the Blue Bell Inn, Horsemarket-street, on Wednesday evening, Lot 1 conststing of seven dwellinghouses and premises, Nos. 136 to 148, Ellesmere-street, were purchased by Mr. John 4. Gittens for a client, for the sum of £605. Lot 2, six dwelling-houses and premises 67 to 77, Foster-street, off Orford-lane was also knccked down to Mr. J. H. Cittens for a client, the price being £6Ol. Lot 3, consisting of two dwelling- houses and premises 5 and 7, Naylor-street, were bought by Mr. Samuel Gough for £l6O. Mr. Charles H. Unsworth was the solicitor for the vendors.

Independent Order of Oddfellows. A dance and social in connection with the Admiral Nelson Lodge of the Independent Order of Oddfellows took place at the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Thursday evening. There was a large attendance. Bro Webster (who presided) said the members derived greater benefit from their lodge than they did in any other lodge in the town. (Applause.) During the evening songs were rendered by Misses Fairhurst, Plinston, Woodland, and Messrs. Lot Brooks and Reid;, Humorous selections were given by Mr. E. A. Sanders.

Motor Cyclists Summoned. At the St. Helens Police Court, yesterday, Alfred Skinner, Hill-top, Latchford, Warrington, and Harvey Orr Adams, 1, l3ewsey-road, Warrington, pleaded guilty to driving motor-cycles at a speed dangerous to the public. P.C. Anders said defendants were travelling at fully 1S miles an hour. Defendants denied that the speed was so great, and said they had full control of their machines. The Chi Constable said from inquiries he had made he found that the defendants were very respectable men and careful drivers, so far as was known. What he had heard was all in their favour. The Bench ordered defendants to pay 11s, costs each.

Palace and Hippodrome. An excellent entertainment is provided at the Palace this week. The bill is headed by Alexandra. Dagmar, the well-known comedienne and raconteur, who delights the audience with her songs and stories. A highly amusing turn is that of Tom Fay and Com- pany in the absutdity "The Yorkshire Lad in London." Ajax and George are very clever gymnasts, and the Gylrnore trio giye a capital pantomimic comedy act. The Sisters Cora are splendid duettists and dancers, and a pleasing feature is Mostol's refined musical act. George Bendon, the white coon, who is a favourite with Warrington audiences, scores a great success in his popular songs. The animated pictures are up-to-date and interesting. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—IINDER THE CLOCK TOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—At. British Women's Temperance Association. A meeting of the Warrington branch of this associa- tion was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall on Thursday afternoon. The Mayoress (Mrs- Smethurst) presided over a good attendance. An address was given by Miss Boyd of Carlisle in which she stated that over £100,000,000 per annum was spent on drink. They wanted counter attractions to the public house such as real temperance hotels etc. 376 babies died in England each year whilst more than half of these died from preventable causes, and a quarter of the deaths were of children under twelve months old. Out of 100 defective children in a school 42 of their parents were addicted to drink. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Miss Boyd for her visit and address. During the afternoon Madame Beckett sang several solos whilst Mrs. Jackson Holmes , accompanied.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PARISH CHURCH. Annual Sale of Work.

The Examiner, Saturday, November 2, 1907.

llnstitute free from debt.He trusted that ultimately they would be able to extend it so as to provide accommoda- tion for the ladies and children. (Applause.) The vote was heartily accorded and Colonel IRELAND BLACKBURNE in responding expressed his satisfaction with the Institute so far as it had progressed. Thursday's proceeds, including a donation of £25 from Lady Greenall, amounted to £l2l is. sd. THE RECTOR AND SOCIALISM. The sale was re-opened yesterday afternoon by Mrs. AYLMER FROST, of Grappenhall Hall. The Ricroß after again explaining the objects of the bazaar said the subject of Socialism was prominently before them at the present time, but what he had seen and Leard of it he could not say that he very much liked. It seemed to him to be an attempt to get rich in a hurry and he was not at all sure that those who got rich all in a moment would spend their money as wisely and well as those who had made it through a life-time or inherited it. They had all reason in this district to thank those who owned great wealth and property. They had always, he thought, realized their responsibility and had given most generously and nobly. Therefore he was not at alrin the mind to upset things but to leave things as they were and let people gradually rise in the proper way and thdn he hoped they would realise their responsibilities when they had their privileges. Mrs. FROST briefly declared the sale open. Mr. G. BROWN moved a vote of thanks to Mrs. Frost. He remarked that the school in which they were assembled was built by charitable offerings but now ' they had to pay the Education Authority for the use of ' it. When they had got their new Institute he hoped they would be free from Acts of Parliament and have a large hall in which they could hold their parochial . sales, &c. , Mr. F. M. DA.RBY seconded and said a men's institute was an absolute necessity in every parish. The vcte was heattily accorded and Mr. FROST responded. ENTERTAINMENTS.

On Thursday afternoon the G.F.S. candidates, who had been trained by Mrs. Collin and Miss White, gave the cantata "Red Riding Hood's rescue." The chief parts were taken as follows :—Red Riding Hood, Miss Vera Collin ; mother, Miss Lily Hill ; wolf, Miss G. Hall ; 'woodmen, Misses Evelyn Butterworth and Ada Middleton; chief rose, Miss Annie Taylor ; chief buttercup, Miss Grace Lees. Thlr F. M. Darby accompanied. A concert was given in the evening by members of the choir, the items including songs by Mr. P. C. Price, Arthur Parsons, A. Greenough, violin, solo by A. Bates, violin and piano duet by H. Bates and Fred Williams, piano duet by Frank Stansfield and Mr. F. M. Darby , piano solo by Frank Stansfield. Part songs were also given by the choir boys. Last evening the cantata" Briar Rose" was rendered by the G.F.S. candidates, Miss Lily Hill taking the leading part.

party to pnblish my" disreputable letter" so that the public can judge of its character for themselves. I attack no political party but I do resent the attempt of the trade to dominate the Council in its own selfish interests. All the Tory candidates at this election are servants of the liquor trade and I desire the electors to say whether they approve of this ; that is all. lam proud of my Latchford fight for the principle and for the law that no mau should profit from membership of the Council. Let it be remembered that this view was endorsed by the Tory chairman, Mr. W. P. Rylands,after the election. I am, ladies and gentlemen, your faith- ful and obedient servant, JAMES DODDS.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH.

Bible Class Social.

The annual social in connection with Bold-street Wesleyan Bible Class was held in the school-room on Thursday evening. The attendance numbered about a hundred, and included Mr. J. C. Holland, who presided, and the Rev. Thomas Miller. The CHAIRMAN said it was his duty as well as privi- lege to extend a very hearty welcome not only to the members of the Bold-street Wesleyan Bible Class but to those friends who had so kindly favoured them with their presence that evening. He would especially empha- sise that with regard to the presence of their esteemed minister for the first time on that occasion. (Applause.) He paid a tribute to the energetic hon. secretary, Mr. J. Leach, for the way in which he had taken charge of the arrangements. The Bold-street Men's Bible class he said had a unique and somewhat interesting history. The school commenced more than 100 years ago in Friars' Green, in what is now a work- shop. There was every probability that the young men's class was originated about the same time but was only traceable for about sixty years. Mr. J. H. Parkinson was teacher for that period. On Mr. Parkinson resigning, in order to become superintentdent (an office which he held for about 25 years) Mr. Henry Bayley, the manager of a large chemical works in Warrington, took up the work. The class at that time was in a very flourishing condition, holding its meetings both morning and afternoon. It had then an attendance of close upon 20 in the morn- ing, and the room was quite full in the afternoon. Mr Bayley was succeeded by Mr. Whitehead, a draughts- man at Bewsey Forge, and a very able man, and thee came Mr. Councillor Dixon, to be followed in a short time by Mr. W. C. Nicholson. It was about the year 1815 when the class migrated to the historic Buttermarket-street school, subsequently to its present premises and he had never kno*n them to have more commodious premises than those which they were in that evening. (Applause.) He had received letters from members who lived in Canada, West Coast of Africa, Calcutta and London to say how they had been helped by a Bible Class, which put him in mind of a well-known verse by John Kahle. The Rev. THOMAS MILLER gave, some sound advice to the young folks and also said that people should read the Bible with more reverence and that it ahould be classed with the best literature. Mr. WILLIAM SILCOCK said he remembered many pleasant associations with the Bible Class and recog- nised the powerful work it was doing. A letter of apology was received from Mr. Reginald Davey, of High Wycombe, Bucks., in which be stated that he had the keenest recollections of the happy times spent at Bold-street and the incalculable benefits derived from the weekly intercourse with members of the class. He wished to be remembered to the Bible class at Warrington, and hoped they would have a very enjoy- able evening. (Applause.) A vote of thanks was accorded to the ladies on the motion of Mr. R. H. SUTTON, treasurer of the class, seconded by Mr. A. M. D UNN, for the w.ay in which the arrangements had been carried out. During the evening solos were rendered by Miss Elsie Taylor and Miss Emily Taylor; a recitation was given by Miss Ethel Cooper, aud selections by the Bold- street Quartette Party, which consisted of Messrs. Warburton and Clayton, Mrs. Warburton and Miss Wood.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL FIXTURES. Northern Rugby Union. The following fixtures have been arranEel for the forthcoming season : WARRINGTON.

1907. For. Agst. Sept. 7 Leigh ~ 14 Rochdale Hornets away 10 5 9 P 21 Runcorn home 0 14 •,t 28 St Helens Oct. 5 Oldham /I 12 Runcorn (L.C.) away 15 2 9) 19 Widnes 26 Leigh L.C.(2nd rd ) away 11 13 '„ 28 Barrow .. home 15 2 Nov. 2 Salford „ 9 Ebbw Vale .. away „ 16 Rochdale !, 23 Broughton away „ 30 Wigan Dec. 7 Swinton home If 14 Oldham :7 21 New Zealand home , 9 25 Leigh „ 26 Widnes Dec. 28 1908. Jan. 1 Runcorn „ 4 Salford

11 Barrow 18 Swinton „ 25 Broughton home Feb. 1 /f 8 Bradford away 15 Wigan away

„ 29 Cup-tie Mar. 7 Bradford home

21 Ebbw Vale „ 28 April 4 St. Helens home „ 11

WIDNES.

1007. For. Agst. Sept. 7 Barrow ~ 14 Batley „ 21 Swinton home 21 12 28 Leigh , 9 Oct. 5 St; Helens home 17 5 „ 12 Batley away 5 :12 ~ 16 New Zealand , 9 19 Warrington ,7 26 Broughton L. C (2nd ronud) home 0 14 Nov. 2 Wigan „ 9 Dewsbury !, 16 Swinton away r. 23 Runcorn home / 3n Salford t - Dec. 7 Leigh home 7, 14 Runcorn . away „ 21 Merthyr „ 25 „ 26 Warrington 28 1908. Jan. 1 „ 4 Barrow II 11 Oldham 9 f 18 Salford 25 Rochdale If Feb. 1 St. Helens away „ 8 Wigan away „ 15 Dewsbury home „ 22 Broughton home

===== 0002601_19071102_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ELECTIONS.

A Brewers' Victory.

Although there were only two contests for muni- cipal honours at Warrington yesterday, very great interest was taken in them. In both Town Hall and Howley Wards "the trade" made a strenuous effort to increase its representation, the return of the retiring representatives being challenged by Conservatives who are identified with the drill interest. Mr. G-. T. Wilding (N.-T.). was opposed in Town Hall Ward by Mr. W. Rogers, an ex-member of the Council, and a publican, while Mr. W. B. Roberts (head brewer for Greenall's), contested Howley Ward against Mr. W. Clegg (L.) Naturally this aggressiveness on the part of" the trade" was warmly resisted by temperance workers, and appeals to the electors were issued by the Independent Order of Good Templars and the Charity Tent of the Order of Rechabites who strongly deprecated the strengthening of the position of "the trade "in the local Parliament. In Town Hall Ward the non-trading question was again an important issue. Both contests were fought with great keenness and there was a profusion of literature. Yesterday the workers had an exceedingly busy time and a large number of vehicles were brought into requisition to convey the voters to the poll. The booths were situated as follows : TOWN HALL WARD: Infants' School, Kendrick- street. .

HCIVLEY WARD : National Schools, Church-street. THE RESULTS.

At the close of the poll the ballot boxes were con- veyed to the Town Hall, where the counting was expeditiously proceeded with in the Council Chamber The results were announced as follows :

TOWN H kLL WARD. W. Rogers (C.) G. T. Wilding (N.T.)

452 316

Majority HOWLEY WARD. W. B. Roberts (C.) W. Clegg (L.)

Majority

The usual votes of thanks were accorded to the returning officers —The Mayor (Town Hall Ward) and Alderman Evans (Howley Ward).

DECLARING THE RESULT.

A large crowd assembled in front of the Town Hall to hear the declaration of the po d. Councillor W. RoGERs thanke the electors of Town Hall Ward and promised to do his duty in the Council. _

Mr. G. T. Wilding said he could not go away with- out thanking the 316 burgesses who had had the courage to vote against beer. (Cheers.) Without doubt he had done his dutyin the Council and he was willing to continue the work, but beer and other influences had:thrown him out, so be must leave it. Councillor W. B. Roberts did not appear on the balcony to return thanks. Mr. W. CLEGG thanked those who had worked for him and done their best on his behalf. He might say that false issues had been placed before the electors of the ward. (Cries of " Yes" and "No.") Time alone would show who had been the true servant of the ward. He had done his best in times past and he now handed over the reins of office to their friend and representative Mr. W. B. Roberts. He hoped and expected that Councillor Roberts would do his duty to the electors of the Ward and he (Mr. Clegg) would be quite satisfied. (Cheers.)

===== 0002601_19071102_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. DODDS AND THE LIQOUR INTEREST.

Strong Appeal to the Electors. rhe following address has been circulated among the electors of Town Hall Ward by Mr. James Dodds. Bewsey Road, October 30th, 1907.

Dear Sir or Madam, I am so deeply impressed by the seriousness of the issue on which you will be called upon to vote on Friday, that I have decided to write to you and to every elector in your important Ward. You have so steadfastly stood by the cause of civic purity since T had the honour to unfurl its flag in your Ward in 1902,, And you have since so consistently elected its supporters, that I am sanguine you will, on this occasion, return its representative—your retiring member Mr. G. T. Wilding—by such a majority as will convince his publican opponent, and all concerned, that you are more determined than ever to stand firmly and solely by the men who have no axes to grind, no personal ends to serve, and who will accept no alder- manic seat, nor make any, corrupt compact with either of the political parties. Yours is no small responsibility. Of late years Warrington has earned wide-spread ill-fame through the corruption which has crept in among many of the members of the Council,l who have allowed their private interests and personal profits to override their desire for the welfare of the whole body of the burgesses. In our strenuous struggle against that appalling condition of our local public affairs, we have never hitherto asked what were a candidate's politics, religion or occupation; if he was competent, honest and fearless we have been content. whether he sold beef, bread, or beer, so long as he WAS against the immoral trading then rampant in the Council chamber, he has had our unqualified support. After great and costly efforts to overcome this deplorable evil tendency, and after having, as we hope and believe, finally eliminated it from the pro- ceedings of the Council, we are confronted with a new dangr, which consists of the attempt of the liquor trade to secure a large share of the Council representation. We see the trade insidiously seeking to get its tied-house tenants, and 'its officials into the Council, for reasons so obvious that I need not detail them. Four men identified with the liquor traffic are now members of the Council, and for the contests to be fought out on Friday, the attacking candidate in each case is a representative of the drink interest. Surely this trade is already represented more than sufficiently. Experience has shown that wherever it succeeds in dominating our public bodies, public spirit sinks to a low level, and corruption creeps in. Surely this is not the time to allow such an influence to become paramount in our town. We have just recovered from one disgrace. Surely we shall not be so short sighted and so foolish as to allow ourselves to be dragged into another. In your Ward. ex-Councillor Rogers is attempting to oust Councillor Wilding, whose most satisfactory work and votes, during his short membership (as set forth in his Election address) should, apart from any other con- sideration, secure for his candidature the unhesitating support of every free and independent elector. Judging from his election address, the past public record of Mr. Rogers, so far as any i useful work what- ever for the people is concerned, s a complete blank. During my time he was a bitter and an offensive oppo- nent of every effort of the Non-Traders. The only tangible result of his connection with the Council that I am aware of is that his son holds a post in the electricity department. But it is as a beer-seller' and as the tied-house tenant of a drink-shop, that I ask you to prevent Mr. Rogers' return to the Council. Drink is the enemy, the bane of our family life, the source of almost all our crime, and the greatest hindrance to the work of the Christian Churches. True there are Christian clergymen who gladly receive the moneys of the brewers, and who are not ashamed to support drink-selling candidates for public office. We must not judge these men : hut we shall ourselves be judged, in our consciences, according to our own conceptions of conduct and duty. T think it was Lord Rosebery who recently said that if the English nation did not shortly strangle the drink demon, the drink demon would strangle the English nation. If this be so,and who can truthfully deny it—l strongly appeal to you that, as you value your good name and the fair fame of the town and of the country you live in, you will not on Friday next give your vote or influence to any man who comes before Ton as a representative of his demoralising and corrupting trade.—l trust you may see your way, for the reasons I have given, to record your vote for Nfr. Wilding. The wise citizen of to-day must sink party ties in Municipal Elections, and must vote for the man who has no private or trade interests to serve, and I cannot but believe, as I earnestly pray, that you will be guided when you are marking your voting paper, to so mark it, that you may thereafter be proud of, and thank God, for the vote you have recorded—one more vote against self interest—and for the public weal.

T am, Sir or Madam, Your faithful and obedient Servant, JAMES DODDS.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVELY POSTERS.

Mr. Dodds and Latchford Ward.

Yesterday morning the following poster was issued on behalf of Mr. Rogers : Mr. James Dodds has issued for perusal the most disreputable letter ever introduced at any election in the borough of Warrington. Who is Mr. James Dodds? Why! The man who tried to deprive Mr. Councillor Wilson, a workingman, of a paltry ,C3O for work done. What did the workingmen of Latchford think of this mean action by a man who pretends to be a friend of the workingmen? Result of poll November Ist, 1906 : Wilson, 722; Dodds. 461 ; majority for Wilson, 261! Buck up Town Hall Ward ! Repeat Latchford's verdict. Mr. James Dodds promptly issued the following reply :—Ladies and gentlemen. I challenge the Tory

===== 0002601_19071102_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCIL AND PROPERTY OWNERS. £12,000 Required for Street Improvement.

Mr. R. H. BICKNELL, inspector of the Local Government Board, held an inquiry at the Town Hall on Thursday morning into the application of the Corpora- tion for sanction to borrow £12,926 Gs. 9d. for works of private street improvement, under the Private Street Works Act, 1892. The proceedings were of a formal character, not a single member of the general public attending. The TowN CLERK (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle) made the application on behalf of the Corporation and submitted the usual particulars as to the population and financial position of the Borough. The outstanding debt at present is £1,167,025; and the population is estimated at £70,000. The Council, said Mr. Whittle, had decided to postpone the paving of the passage on the west side of the Bolton Council School, the cost of which was estimated at £2lB 7s. sd.That reduced the amount of the application to £12,707 18s. 4d. Five objections were lodged against the works being undertaken, but all had been withdrawn. In answer to the inspector, Mr. A. M. Ker (assistant borough surveyor) said none of the work had been done. The BOROUGH TREASURER (Mr. J. Fairhurst) told the inspector that the Corporation was in somewhat of a difficulty. The Board granted them seven years for repayment of loans and the Corporation allowed property owners seven years in which to repay them. The Corporation paid for all the material and the work done and it practically meant that they borrowed the , money twelve months before the apportionments were made, and eight years elapsed before they were repaid by the property owners. If the Board would extend the period of repayment to eight years the Corporation would be able to keep within the limit. The INSPECTOR: The cure for that is to give the property owners six years in which to pay. Take seven years with the intention of giving them six. The BOROUGH TREASURER: We should have an uprising among the property owners of Warrington. ' The IKSPECTOR : Has it been the practice always to give them seven years? The BOROUGH TREASURER : No. We gave them three at first and they applied for a longer time, so we extended it to seven. The INSPECTOR: At present there is no idea of extending the period beyond the seven veers. The usual practice in other towns is to give the property owners one year less than you receive for repayment. There would no doubt be a little bit of outcry at the commencement hut if you treated everybody in a similar manner and gave them the reasons, I don't see why they should object. The BoRoUGH TREASURER: We have kept within the limit hitherto by one or two owners paying in advance of the period allowed. The INSPECTOR: 'My experience—and it is a some- what long one—when I ask the treasurer's in other towns is that they inform me that the majority of people rather than have the naoney hang on. pay up. The BOROUGH TREASURER: We don't find them so here. The INSPECTOR. : Probably they are small crvners I and it, is much harder for them to pay than the large builders. The BOROUGH TREASURER : Ours are mostly property speculators and they build property and try to get rid of it. People scrape the money together to buy six or eight cottages.— The INSPECTOR : And they have not been told of the liability on the road ? The BOROUGH TREASURER : That is so. We find many cases of that kind. Then comes our difficulty in getting the money. The TNsPECToR : They will see from the reports of this inquiry the position they are in when they bnv , houses in a street which has not be made. They will I know that they will have to pay approximately 18s. a foat over and above the money they paid for the houses. can hold nut, no hope that you will get more than seven years. The only cure is to give the prop?rty owners six years and tave seven. The Tows CLERK : The Borough Treasurer has made the application several times. The inquiry then closed.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GRAMMAR SCHOOL.

Appointment of a New Headmaster.

A Good Scholar and Cricketer.

The Governors of the Warrington Grammar School met on Thursday to appoint a headmaster in succession to the late Rev. E. J. Willcocks, MA. Originally there were 46 applications for the post and at preliminary meetings these were reduced to seven, and afterwards to three. On Thursday the governors unanimously appointed the. Rev. Horace Gray, M.A., headmaster of Kendal Grammar School, and some time assistant master at Wellington college, to the offiee. The salary is 1.600 per annum. The Rev. Horace Gray was educated at Jesus College, Cambridge, holding the senior open mathe- matical scholarship, and being placed 21st wrangler in the mathematical tripos of that year. Each year during his residence at Cambridge he was awarded college prizes for proficiency in mathematies. He proceeded to the degree of MA. in 1000. After graduating, Mr. Gray was appointed senior mathematical master at the United Services College, Westward Ho! where be remained two years (1897-1898,)during which period his pupils were most successful in the competitive examinations for Woolwich and Sandhurst, as also in the usual University entrance examinations. He resigned his post at Westward Ho! in order to take Holy Orders, becoming licensed to the parish of Littleham,Bideford, near Devon. He was ordained deacon at the Advent ordination in 1898 and priest a year later by the Lord Bishop of Exeter. He held his cure for two years (1899-1900) when on the resignation of his Rector, the Rev. H. G. Moore. MA., he accepted a mastership at Ipswich school. During his stay at Ipswich (1901-2) his pupils su-ceeded in obtaining open mathematical scholarship, dis- tinction at Cambridge, and passed the competitive entrance examination for the Royal Navy, in addition to the London Matriculation and Higher Certificate examination of the Oxford and Cambridge Board. In January. 190$, Mr. Gray removed from Ipswich to undertake mathematical and science teaching at Wellington College, in addition to which, he was, during the early part of his • Mastership there, responsible for the usual Form Subjects. He remained at Wellington College until July, 1904, when be was unanimously invited, from a field of 85, by the Governors of Kendal School to undertake his present charge. During Mr. Gray's headmastership the school produced some excel- lent work. The number of scholars in attendance had I been more than fully maintained. His first annual Ireport to the Governors proved that there was an ' increase in the School Roll, which had not. its equal in the preceding twelve pears. This confidence had continued, and flr the present term the number of new names added exceeded the total entrance for the whole of the last school year. With reference to examination results, forty of his boys have sat for the Cambridge Local Examinations, and nearly all have passed. Others have taken the usual pieliuninary examinations, and four of his senior boys, and the only ones who have sought such distinc- tion, have obtained open exhibitions at Cambridge. Kendal Grammar School is subject to the regulations of the Board of Education, and the report of a recent full inspection was highly gratifying, and testified to the vigorous tone of school life there. The fiancial position and administration of the School, has so considerably improved during Mr. Gray's adminis- tion, that an adverse balance of some £2OO has been entirely swept away, in addition to many improvements having been made to the School premises. Mr. Gray takes a keen interest in the external life of the school. He obtained his Cricket Blue at Cambridge, playing against Oxford in the years 1894 and 1895. In the summer vacations he has regularly assisted his County in the Minor Counties' Competition, and captained the eleven during three seasons. This experience has stood him in good stead in Kendal, for, when free from school duties, he has been able to assist the local club in their League games. Mr. Gray was born in November, 1874, and married in 1905 the third daughter of the Rev. C. It. Wood, Rector of Bredfield, Suffolk.

Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, for Coughs and Colds; never fails. ITh, 2/9.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. T. Baxter in the chair. There were also present :—Messrs. C. Rovlance, J. L. Jones, J. Spruce, P. Collins, W. M. Morris, T. Wood, J. W. Temperley, Alderman Norman Admiral Jones-Parry, .T. H. Davies, S. Woodward, T. Wright, J. B. Chadwick. W. Nickson, A. Haining, J. Hallows. P. Booth and T. Guest, G. F. Ashton (clerk), J. Cunnah (master), W. R. De Prey, T. Cooke and J. Pearson (relieving officers).—The clerk said that the committee of visitors of the County Asylum had fixed the rate of maintenance of pauper lunatics for the quartter ending December 31st, at Bs. sid. per head per week.—Mr. Woodward stated that the total payments that day amounted to £2lB us. 10d., therefore leaving a balance in hand of £4,314 ss. 4d.—The clerk reported that the Ladies Visiting Committee had visited the wards and found them in a very satisfactory condition.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

A meeting of this Council was held at Dutton Work- house on Tuesday,Mr. T.Wright in the chair. There were also present:—Messrs. Admiral Jones-Parry, J. L. Jones J. H. Davies, S. Woodward, T. Baxter, T. Wright, J. B. Chadwick, C. Roylance, W. Nickson, A. Haining, J. Hallows, P. Booth, T. Guest, and .1, Farrington (nuis- ance inspeotor), J. Diggle and W. Swinton (surveyors), Dr. Adams (medical officer and G.F.Ashton(clerk).—The Pickering District Council forwarded for adoption a copy of a memorial they had addressed to the Local Govern- ment Board requesting them to take steps to have the law- amended so that in cases where District Councils had acquired the right to take water from a spring for the purpose of providing a public water supply,prGperty owners might be deprived of their present power of restraining such dis- trict councils by injnnction from taking such water.— The letter was ordered to lie on the table.—A letter was received from Mr. C. E. Linaker dated October 25th suggesting that the following resolution be substituted in place of Admiral Parry's, That it be an instruction to the Highway Surveyor to report to the Rural District Council vacancies occurring among road men how the vacancies have been filled up, and obtain confirmation of the Council thereon."—Mr. Woodward seconded and the motion was carried.—Mr. Woodward presented tl-e report of the Finance Committee which stated that the total payment amounted to £123 10s. 3d. which left a balance in hand of £4,507 Os. 2d. The repot t was adopted.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
CORONER AND SOLICITOR. LIVELY EXCHANGES.

At an inquest held recently at Widnes Coroner Brighouse said that his Majesty's Inspector had refused to be present because he had not had the twenty-four hours' notice required by law, and he intimated to the court that he would have to postpone it until Monday, at a quarter-past nine. Mr. Knowles, who eppeared for the United Alkali Company, for whom deceased (David Stapleton) worked, said :—" One expects courts to sit during business hours." This raised the Coroner's ire, and he asked whether 9.15 was not within proper business hours, demanding that Mr. Knowles should apologise before he again endeavoured to address the court. The court assembled at 9.15, and Mr. Knowles was present. After the first witness had been called, the Coroner asked Mr. Thomas (for the relatives) and Mr. Evans (his Majesty's Inspector) if they had any questions to ask. Mr. Knowles : Am I not allowed to ask questions? The Coroner : Your position is quite clear. I told you on the last occasion if you express your regret for what you said to the court I shall allow you. If you don't, I won't. Mr. Knowles : Well, I am afraid I cannot express my regret, having expressed that I thought a quarter- past nine too early ; and I have been inconvenienced in getting here this morning. The Coroner: If you cannot express your regret, ' your position is that you have no legal standing. Only myself, the jury, and his !‘fajesty's inspector have any right conferred upon thein by statute; other people are here simply by my courtesy. Mr, Knowles : If my client is warned to attend I think I am entitled to be here, but not to ask questions. The Coroner: I shall not recognise you, Mr Knowles, until you say you regret— Mr. Knowles (interrupting) : I feel the hour is early. The Coroner : If you are prepared to do -- Mr. Knowles (again interrupting) : I cannot express my regrot as I have been inconvenienced. The Coroner : Then I cannot recognise you this morning ; as this has been said in cold blood, I shall not recognise you on any future occasion. If you ex- press regret I shall forget all about it. Mr. Knowles: I do not want your forgiveness. I have done nothing wrong. The Coroner: lam not offering you forgiveness. I don't hear you, Mr. Knowles. Mr. Knowles : Very well, then ; leave it at that. The inquest was held on the body of David Stapleton, aged fifty-three years, a chemical labourer, residing in Charlotte-street. On the 10th inst. he received a scratch on his elbow whilst working at a salt-cake furnace. Blood-poisoning set in, and he died on the 19th inst. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death," caused by blood-poisoning, set up by the injury to the elbow.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
T. HELENS.

HELP FOR ST. HELENS HOSPITALS.

The committee of the St. Helens charity cricket match and sports have this year raised over LUG on behalf of the local hospitals. The money was divided on Tuesday evening, and handed over by the Mayor (Alderman Bishop)to the treasurers of the hospitals, £35 each being given to the St. He!ens lnd the Providence Hospitals and the Nurses' Institute, and £7 to the Fresh Air Fund, which leaves a saaall balance in hand.

WATCHMAN'S FATAL SEIZURE.. Roger Hughes, aged seventy-three of Parr-street, died in the Providence Hospital, St. Helens, early on Tues- day under somewhat extraordinary circurnstarces. Hughes was watchman at Mr. Melling's stoneyard on the canal bank. At 8.30 on \fondly night Mr. Melling found him unconscious in his cabin. He bad previously complained of feeling unwell. Dr. Bailey found Hughes suffering from a fit, and had him taken to hospital where he died four hours later, evidently from natural causes.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WIFE DESERTION AT ST. HELENS.

John M`Queeney, a chemical labourer, who had been arrested at Bolton, was sentenced by the St. Helens magistrates on Monday to two months' hard labour for deserting his wife and family. Relieving Officer Richardson said M`Queeney had a good job in St. Helens, but early in September be left his family destitute. The Clerk said the man had been proceeded against six times for desertion. Prisoner said he was coming back to take his wife out of the workhouse, but the bench declined to believe this,and sent him to gaol. SUNDAY GAMBLING AT ST. HELENS.

Hector Allen, a young man, of Prospect-road, Parr pleaded guilty at St. Helens, on Monday, to Sunday, gambling. Police-constable Anders said Allen was one of a gambling gang. Vc'hen they were disturbed he found 2s. 7d. on the floor. Allen.—No, you never did. You took that out of my hand. The Clerk.—Didn't he give you his name and address when you locked him up? The Chief Consttible said it was necessary to lock these men up. It was the only way they would be able to do any good with them. The police had power of arrest under the Vagrancy Act. Allen was fined 10s. and costs, or fourteen days. ANTI-SOCIALIST MEETING AT ST. HELENS. A Conservative election meeting, which was described as an anti-Socialist demonstration, was held on Tuesday at St. Helens Town Hall. Colonel W. Lee Pilkington presided over a large attendance, who had been admitted most carefully by ticket, with the view of keeping out I disturbers. The Chairman said that for some time I past a certain party had been assailing the Town Hall, and trying to wrest the seats in the Council from those who for so many years had charge of the town's affairs. The town had been carried on by a Council composed of Conservatives and Liberals, and ever since the borough was incorporated it had been exceedingly ' well managed, and it was due to the skilful way in which the town's affairs had been managed that St. Helens was the lowest rated town of its size in the kingdom. (Applause.) Look at places that had been ruled by the Socialists—Poplar and West Ham ! The rate in Poplar were 12s. in the poundoind it was as near bankruptcy as it possibly could be. Colonel Richard Pilkington moved, "That this meet- ing of St. Helens ratepayers records its confidence in the present careful administration of the town's affairs, and strongly condemns the attempt of the Socialistic party to obtain control of our municipality." Colonel Pilkington dealt with the figures relating to the administration of the town, and rehearsed the names of the men who, like the late Sir David Gamble, had worked early and late for the highest good. They came before the electors that night to ask for their approval of what their party had done, tlnd to urge them to support the six candidates that the party had put before them. Alderman J. Massey seconded, and said that Socialism would destroy civil and religious liberty and would destroy their manufactures and prevent other manufactures from coming to the town. —Mr. Rigby Swift supported, and denied that the employment of the unemployed and the feeding of children could be called Socialism. It was common- sense, common Christianity, and as soon as the genius 1 of man had devised a way of doing it, it would be done. In the same way, he would be in favour of old-age pensions as soon as some statesman had introduced a , scheme by which pensions could be given to those who tdeserved them.—Mr. R. J. Mucartney also supported, and the resolution was unanimously carried, and a resolution pledging the meeting to secure the return of the Conservative oandidates was also secured.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

BURNING FATALITY AT HAYDOCK.

On 11;iO-tiday a sad fatality occurred at Haydock. Ethel Case, aged four months, the daughter of Zachariah Case, 342, Church-road, Haydock, was placed about four feet from the fire. By some unexplained accident the child's pinafore became ignited, and she sustained such injuries that she died.

NEWTON CONSERVATITE AGENT AND MR. W. G. WELLS. Mr. J. H. Bottomley, Conservative agent, writes to "The Times" from Newton-le-Willows :—I see Mr. H. G. Wells calls attention to an error in my pamphlet on" Socialism, Atheism, and Free Love." Be quotes the second edition (the only one of 15 where the mis- take occurs), and it has been explained locally by the printers. In resettinz, a quotation mark got one line below where it ought to have appeared and where it has been printed in most of the 50,000 copies issued.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Rev. T. Galland Hartley at Bold-street Church. The Rev. T. Galland Hartley, chairman of the district, preached to large congregations at Bold-street Wesleyan Church on Sunday. In tte evening the rev. gentleman based his discourse on St. John xx. 2S-29. The subject was the incredulity and con- fession of Thomas, who was described as tender- hearted, affectionate but cautious, and as one who must 'be convinced before he advanced. He was a man who was prone to dwell in the shadows, and who did not easily come into the sunlight of faith—a man who was represented by the old artists as sometimes having a measuring rod in hts hand with which to measure the way before he trod, and by others as the man with the scales with which to weigh all the atgaments adduced to his reason. Some of the lessons to be learnt from Thomas were given, such as the ultimate triumph of faith over doubt. There were some whose doubts were rather of the head than of the heart. They had the wish to believe, but their temperament, constitution, and environment could not advance in the light as quickly as others could. They must advance cautiously. The preacher. advised people when in doubt not to stay in the cold world, where their doubts would be deepened and be likely to lead to unbelief, and at last deapair, but to go into the warm glowing atmosphere of the church, where Christ would breath upon them His peace. Rev. H. Dunnico at Warrington, The Rev. H. Dunnico, pastor of Kensington Church, Liverpool, formerly of the Golborne-street Baptist Church, visited Warrington on Sunday and addressed the members of the Warrington P.S.A. Society in the afternoon, in the Co-operative Hall. There was a large attendance of members and friends. In the evening Mr. Duntiico preached in the Parr Hall before a crowded congregation. The fundamental principle of Christian faith, said the preacher, was self-sacrifice. Though he sometimes felt that the Church had as yet to learn the simplest element of the Christian faith, they wanted to remember that the Christian life was not a picnic—it was a bloody crusade, it was a great warfare. The Church sat at ease and the people perished. Why was the Church of God to-day so impotent,so helpless in the face of the great evils which confronted them? Because she had never learnt to suffer,could never hope to raise. Step by step they mounted the throne to the Cross. Sometimes they were told that the Church, or rather the ministers of the day, were not quite so orthodox as the ministers of a past generation. They were told from some quarters that the modern ministers fought somewhat shy of the doctrine of the Atonement. They were told that a new heresy had crept into the Christian Church, and he (Mr. Dunnico) was not prepared to deny it, but a great amount of the criticism levelled at the so-called new theology was due dinctly to a misunderstand- ing of the cardinal principles of the new theology. If there be any truth in the accusation that the modern pulpit was growing somewhat lax in its proclamation of the Gospel of Atonement—the principle of sacrifice, living and dying one for another—the remarkable thing was this : That the world of science was becoming wonderfully orthodox. What they %ranted to emphasize to-day was that the Church could never become a powerful force, a manifesto of the spirit of Jesus Christ until they learnt the simplest element of the Christian doctrine—the law of self-sacrifice. What the world lacked was motive power to realize ideals—the motive power given by Christ of Calvary. For nineteen hundred years they had been preaching the Gospel of Jesus Christ ; they had laid a foundation that was sure. Never since the world began had the youth of any 'age had such glorious opportunities as to-day, and he appealed to them to embrace them. The Kingdom of Cod was coming. Miss Bancroft; mezzo-soprano, effectively sang "The Holy City," and Mr. E. Walker's bass voice was heard to advantage in" Jerusalem " whilst Mr. Bates contri- buted a finished interpretation of the difficult violin solo, "Air d' Eglise." Mr. A. Trow was the organist. The collections, afternoon and evening, were in aid of the society's funds.

Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church. Special services were held at this churh on Sunday, the occasion being the Foreign Missionary Anniversary. There were large congregations both morning and evening The preacher on Sunday was the Rev. A. Cecil Parker formerly-erg this circuit, whose stirring discourses were listened to with great interest. On Monday a public meeting took place. Mr. C. E. Parker presided and was supported by the Revs. Avon Walton and Sidney Pitt, a retired missionary from South Africa. During the evening a story of Tulsi Ramyia " was narrated by several young ladies from Lymm who were attired in Elindoo costume. Mr. C. E. Parker expressed his sincere sympathy with the cause that they had met to support and hoped they would have a very successful evening. (Applause.) Missionary work no doubt needed supporting as their were thousands and millons of souls in the foreign lands which needed converting and without missionaries it could not be done. He hoped they would gain by Mr. Walton's address and he asked Mr. Pitt if he would kindly take the chair as he (Mr, Parker) had to fill another important engagement elsewhere and he was very sorry he had to go. Mr. PITT took the chair and briefly introduced Mr. Walton to the audience. The Rev. AVON WALTO'N, who was received with applause, said he was very pleased to be present not only to speak to them but to visit Lancashire. Warrington was an old Lancashire town, and if there was anything he liked to cheer him up it was a Lancashire dialect. (Laughter.) Lancashire ought not to be ashamed of the work it had done in Rhodesia. The people of Rhodesia were very superstitious, and if anything happened they always believed that it had been caused by evil spirits. They believed that all trees, stones and cocks, and everything in fact, contained thousands of evil spitits. Whenever anything wrong happened, they always sent for witch doctor. He was called the" smeller out," a man . who was always where he had no business to be. The witch doctors had a great deal of power in their hands, They were very cruel and sometimes almost dementede and yet in the heathen hearts of the country the people had an implicit confidence in them. Although Rhodesia was now under the British Government, he could assur` them that those things were still carried on, but they were now criminal offences. In 1893 and 1896 they had two native rebellions, and they were both caused by the witch doctors. The witch doctors, except those who , had been converted, hated the missionaries as if they were poison.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
BAPTIST CHURCH LATCHFORD.

Annual Sale of Work.

The annual sale of work in connection with this Church took place in the schoolroom, Wash lane, on Thursday afternoon. There was a very good attendance and much praise is due to the stallholders for the effective manner in which they had arranged and decorated the stalls. 'The sale was opened by Mr. James Dodds and the Rev. J. F. Matthews presided. The stalls were in charge of the following :—ltefresh- ment stall, Mrs. Wilkinson ; dairy produce stall, Mrs. J. Fairhurst; plain stall, Mrs. W. Adams; fancy stall, Mrs. A. Albinson ; flower stall,'Mrs. F. W. Grounds; and grocery stall, Mr. J. R. Conway. The Rev. J. F. MATTH.Ews said their church was supported by voluntuy offerings. The income they required became greater and greater every year because of their increased expenditure. There were various , items of expenditure which they could not make up with their ordinary income and that was why they had .2this sale of work. They hoped in a very short period to have a piano in their schoolroom for use at their social gatherings, and that piano would be second to none. (Laughter and applause.) There had been a considerable amount of expenditure during the past twelve months. They had made their church a great deal brighter from the outside, and they had a neat little notice board as well as sundry other things. He extended a hearty welcome to Mr. and Mrs. Dodds, and he had great pleasure in announcing that Mr. Dodds had handed him a cheque for £lO towards their sale and £2 for other purposes. (Applause.) The congregation of their Church had got together, and by strenuous work had saved the Church £5O. (Applause.) He thanked the stallholders for their efforts, and he would be obliged to Mr. Dodds if he would declare the sale open. (Applause.) Mr. JAMES pOpDS said he had great pleasure in accepting the invitation of Mr. Matthews to come and declare the sale open. There must be good and kind i people n the neighbourhood of Latchford or else they would not have had such a great many stalls and stall - holders, and they would not have had such beautiful work on the stalls. (Applause.) They must have worked very hard indeed for months. He thanked Mr. Matthews for his kind remarks and hoped he would be long spared to enjoy his position as minister to the Latchford Baptists. There had never been a better preacher at that church since it bad been opened. (Applause.) He hoped their sale of work would be* great success and that they would dispose of all their goods and therefore realise a substantial sum. He had great pleasure in declaring the sale open. (Applause.) The sale realised the very satisfactory sum of £56.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
:'-',••••• ;:',:',.!:,,-,..:'=-:.'...,::',;:.-......'-,..;•,-.: 11111Nhi...-- ;1 .

===== 0002601_19071102_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EVIDENCE.

Mr. W. Fairhurst, the well-known football player, who lives near the Market Gate at 3, Little Weint, 'Warrington, says: "By using Doan's backache•kidney pills I obtained a cure for backache, headache and giddiness. Possibly this was due to a cold which caught me sometime ago, I noticed the ailment was gradually getting worse and worse until it got very bad indeed, and caused me intense suffering ; for a fortnight I was unable to do my work, and for a

BACKACHE KIDNEY PILLS

le mother wan, box of Doan's Backache Kidney 4 Pills— Doan's." _hat time I was in bed, and dould have been there longer but for Doan'S backache kidney pills which I started to use two days after being laid up. lam pleased to be able to tell you that the trouble has quite gone, and you are at liberty to publish my experience for the sake of other sufferers. The pills are good, and this fact should be known,so that sufferers may have the benefit of such a medicine. (Signed) William Fairhurst."

Do you suffer as Mr. Fairhurst did? .Or from any other result of kidney disease? From dropsy, rheu- matism, sciatica, urinary or bladder troubles, stone or gravel? Doan's Backache Kidney Pills have cured this resident in Warrington ; why should they Snot cure you?

Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are two shil- lings and ninepence per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings and ninepence). Of all chemists and stores, or post free, direct from Foster- McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street* Oxford-street, London, W. You are sum to get the right medicine if you ask distinctly for DOAN'S.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

NORTHERN RUGBY UNION.

MISCELLANEOUS.

G. T. P. G, T. P New Zealand NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE. Tinnslet 4 3 17 *Huddersfield ... 1 3 11 Rochdale Fl 3 °l2 *St. Helens 1 2 8 Pull liingston R. 4 1 11 *York 1 1 5 *Hull 2 6 22 Ebbw Vale 1 0 2 * al i fax Parley Bradford *Keighley 5 4 22 Bramley LANC \SHIRE CUP.—SECOND ROUND. The postponed League match between Warrington and B-olighton R. *Oldbarn *ealferd *Leigh Warrington's Failure at Leigh. and Brooks. The reserves filled the gap very creditably and gained a capital victory. Teams: Ti'' Warrineton men were expected to have no diffi- Warrington : Tilley, full back; Landor, Dickenson. enitv in winning their Fecond match in the Lancashire Cartwright, and Jordan, threequarters ; Lees and Cup Compet it ion at Leigh on Saturday. There were Jenkins, half backs; Thomas, Boardman,Henth,Shugars, -two chances from the selected team. Jenkins coming in Swift, and Harmer, forwards. ear pe.eks, v bile Swift replaced Belton. There had Barrow: Gifford, full back; Fox, Logan, Barnes been a lot of lain earlier in the day, but during the match and Woodburnahreequarters ; Fallowfield and Wharton, the conditions were good. A " gate " of about 3,000 half backs; Brough, Jardine; Hannah, Hoggatt, Cook, Ac.prnbled, sno of whom came from Warrington, and a and Bowers, forwards. fast game was witnessed. Warrington were superior all Watrington started against the wind and were early through bet mistakes gave Leigh a couple of tries and on the attack. Smart passing carried play to the line, turned an apparently easy victory into a defeat. Teams and here exchanges between Lees, Jenkins, Cartwright, end officials : , Dickenson, and Landor ended in the latter scoring at [midi—E. Clarkson, back ; R. Id, Neville (captain), the corner. Barrow responded with a fast forward rush W. Winstanley, T. IL Johnson an W. Smith, three- to the home quarter, where Lees got hold and cleverly feather hacks ; E. Whittaker and J. Molyneux, half found touch near centre. Barrow next handled quickly backs •, P. O'Neill. R. Gallop, H. WOods, E. Jones, T. but Woodburn knocked his pass forward. The visitors Sillehnessey, and W. Webster, forwards. persevered and Tilley missing his catch the line was in Warrington—Tilley, hack ; Kenyon, Isherwood, danger and Wharton nearly dropped a goal. Jordan Dickenson, and Cartwright, threequarter backs ; Lees changed the venue with a fine run to the Barrow quarter and J enkins, half backs ; Shugare Heath, Harmer, where some keen play was witnessed, Dickenson being Thomas, Swift, and Boardman, forwards, hurt and having to leave the field until bearly three- Refer PP, Mr. E. FT. Smirk, Preston ' • touch judges, quarter time. Thomas filled the vacancy and Warring- 'Messrs. W. Main rearing, Salford, and T. Austin, Wigan. ton continued to more than hold their own. A penalty Warriugton started the game and Thomas' opening in the home half enabled Barrow to get a goal through kick going in touch the home team were the first to Logan, and at half-time the score was three points to attack. A round of passing left Neville in possession, two, in favour of Warrington. but Cartwright bundled him into touch. A penalty kick Play was resumed in lively fashion and quick passing by Thomas changed the scene of hostilities, and Clark- by Thomas, Cartwright and Jordan ended in the latter son having his return charged down, Heath picked up beating Gifford at the corner. Thomas failed at goal. Wa- r, and ran in sTartly under the bar, Thomas adding a goal. rington attacked hotly again when Dickenson returnee, Leigh made another rush and Neville looked like though only five forwards wereplayed. Penalties relieved getting delr away, but Tilley forced him to kick and Barrow for a time but Jordan eluding a tackle in mid- the line was saved. Warrington were•-seon on the attack field passed to Dickenson the latter doubling in again, a 13:autifuily-judged punt by Dickenson enabling cleverly and scoring in good position, but again there him to capture the full back. Some keen play followed was no goal. A moment later Cartwright and Lees near the line, and the Warrington men forcing the ball dribbled over, the captain scoring. Still the goal. on, Isherwood picked up and scored the second try„ kicking was ineffective though Tilley had a Thomas making a good attempt at goal. Leigh l try. Barrow were hardly ever across the half way attacked again but did not combine well and were easily • line jnst now,so vigorous was the Warrington vanguard. ;hoot out. A penalty kick was however taken by Tilley earned distinction by scoring the fifth try after Alolyneux. who dropped a goal smartly. Warrington following up a kick and dribbling under the posts. 'were forced back for a time and then disaster came Though the shot was so easy, Thomas again missed. -when least expected. Molvneux kicked high over the Final : Warrington, 5 tries (15 points.) Barrow, 1 goa bar from the touch line and the Warrington men had (2 points.) ample tire to make the ball dead, but one seemed to : wait for another and the home forwards coming up I with a rush,Grillop sot ak_soft try, which Molyneux con- -ceded. Warriogt on still had a lead of one point, butt . e before they could get going again Winstanley broke 1 WARRINGTON -a A v. LIVERPOOL ClTY.—These through and gave Nevillo a fine pass which resulted in . teams met at Wilderspool on Saturday, before a.goed the wing man scoring at the corner. Half-time : Leigh, i attendance. Starting on the aggressive, Lloyd dribbled 2 goals, 2 tries (10 pointa) ; Warrington, 1 goal, 2 tries I effectively, but was robbed in the act of grounding (8 points). 1 near the posts. A smart piece of play by Harrison Warrington started off in businesslike style on resum- I resulted in a try at the corner, Jordan kicking a ing. the forwards carrying play to the home quarters. I splendid goal. Warrington continued to excel in the Here Lees got away cleverly and ran to Clarkson, the . passing department, and Harrison again crossed. Liver- full back. When challenged he passed to "Isherwoodi pool made but a poor show, and the home forwards, -who dropped the ball when he could have walked over. carrying the packs, Forster, Fairhurst, and Landor This was a bad blunder, hut worse followed. Warring- crossed in quick succession, e Mist another round of ton kept hard at it and Heath was tackled a yard out. passing gave Harrison his thir% try. Lewis succeeded Then another smart passing bout beat the home defence, with a penalty, and at the interval Warrington led by I only for Isherwood to lose the ball again, Smith nipped twenty points against two. Turning round the game I in and kicking up the field out-paced the Warrington was again in favour of Warrington, and they finally men and scored at the corner—a remarkable reversed won by 26 points agai:at Liverpool's five.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Still Warrington were undaunted, and Thomas made a gallant effort but he was obstructed near the line. The ensuing penalty just passed outside. Hot work followed and Jenkins taking a pass from Lees dashed over very cleverly. Thomas tot(' only to kick a goal to equalise. but the luck was against him again. Leigh hardly ever escaped their own quarter and five minutes from time Kenyon received from Lees and raced over the line and round the posts with what seemed a perfect try. The referee brought him back, much to Warrington's chagrin. They had one more chance, for*Thomas took another penalty kick, but the ball passed outside the posts. Final : Leigh, 2 goals 3 tries. (13 points) ; Warrington, 1 goal, 3 tries (11 points).

===== 0002601_19071102_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1111111

===== 0002601_19071102_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCIISHIRE COMINATION.

THE VOICE OF LABOUR.

Edited by John Workman.

Readers of this column are invited to assist in making it interesting and helpful to social workers by contributing themselves. Correspondents must write on one side of the paper only, and endeavour to make their letters and notes short and to the point. A nom-de-plume may be used, but the real name of the. writer should be forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column. M.S.S. must be addressed to John Workman, " Examiner " Office, Warrington and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each week. _

===== 0002601_19071102_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
crffi ISTIANITY AND SOCIALISM.

John Workman's protest against my charge of mis- representation would have been far more effective if be had shown wherein I was wrong in saying that he had •again and again misrepresented what I bad said and given to my words a meaning which they could not possibly _convey.

John Wo-rkman In speaking to Mr. S. Webb's repudia- tion of any affinity between Christian and Modern Socialism says " He [C. E. P.] evidently prefers Mr. Webb's interpretation of Christian Socialism rather than that of Mr. Maurice himself" This is scarcely a fair way of putting it. Mr. Web has no quarrel with Maurice's description of Christian Socialism; he simply points out the essential difference between it and Modern Socialism and objects to Christian Socialism because it preserves the voluntary character of association, allows ample play and reward for individual effort, and condemns State control. I quite acknowledge (what may really be my opponent's point, although he does not make it very clear) that Christian Socialism and Modern Socialism spring from the same motive, a desire to help the condition .of those who suffer under pressnt unfair conditions. The sweated tailors whom the Christian Socialists sought to unite in Co-operative Societies have their counterpart in present day condi- tions and the object of modern Socialism is to aid all who have not a fair chance or individual ability to raise themselves unaided. My point and the one emphasised by Mr. Webb is that the methods of the two systems are fundamentally different. If John Workman is agreed in this we need not labour this aspect of the question, but can rule it out and so shorten the discussion.

John Workman objects to my definition of what he stands for: "giving to each according to his need without any reference to his faithfulness or energy." He tells us that the latter part has emanated from my own brain and is no part of the scheme he advocates. It would have helped to a termination of this pro- longed controversy if in repudiating ray interpretation of his scheme, be had told us what his scheme really was. In this he has been singularly vague and reticent both in what be writes himself and in hie voluminous quotations. This is the first time we have the slightest indication that his plan of "giving to everyone according to his need and from everyone according to his ability" was subject to any exceptions and limitations. And even now we are left to conclude, only by inference, that faithfulness and energy are to be considered in the division of the products of industry. I concluded, not unreasonably, that if a man is to get according to his need, any other factor which will conflict with this standard must be ruled out. Surely it is clear that if effective energy put forth by the individual is to be considered in his reward then the other standard of giving to each according to his need will be thrown into helpless confusion. If my opponent holds that the Committee (or whatever all- win authority is to make the division) is to allocate acoording to faithfulness and energy, he is taking the first step on the high road to the adoption of the prin- ciple for which I contend that a man is entitled to demand the full and proportionate value of what he produces. There may, therefore, not be so much difference between John Workman and myself as this controversy has indicated. At present, however, it is difficult to know where our friend stands and there- fore it is useless for me to pursue this aspect of the question_ further.

- My children are playing a gade of biding a thimble. The seekers wander about the room looking at every spot where the thimble might rest. After a little time, if they are unsuccessful, the hider aids them by indicating that so-and-so is getting "warm." They all gather mund the" warm" one and soon a shout of glee proclaims the object found. I feel at last after weeks of inconclusive controversy we are at last beginning to get warm. There seems a chance that at length John Workman is prepared to face the difficulty that I have again and again raised of how his main principle of paying a man according to his needs can be harmonized with the necessary recognition of faithfulness and energy which he now seems to admit must be taken into account. I am sorry if I have misunderstood our friend and to avoid further confusion will he tell us in plain language what principles are to rule the reward a man is to get r his labour in the Socialistic State he desires to establish and how these principles can be harmonized in their application to the question of division ? And may we further ask what plan be proposes to adopt so make those do their fair share who show neither faith fulness nor energy. John Workman must excuse my dealing with his customary batch of quotations. I would have no objection to taking up with Mr. Sidney Webb the points, which are by the way very familiar, if I were agreeing with that gentleman. At present lam deal- ing with John Workman and the important thing for the present is to get to know what form of Socialism —or is it Communism? - he himself really advocates. Therefore an examination into the many questionable assertions be introduces in such profusion from well- known writers may be left out of the discussion. Replying to " Student's " question as to what I 'mean by "Compulsory State Socialism," in view of the proposals made by the Socialist party I thought these words would explain themselves. The proposed conditions are the antithesis of the voluntary associa- tions formed by the Christian Socialists. There was a time in our island story when everyone was obliged to attend the Established Church and no other. This was the compulsory State form of worship. A man's religion was decided by the majority and freedom of will and conscience were dethroned. No doubt in many things the majority must rule' but there are elementary individnal rights which no majority has any title to invade; how, and where, and if at all, a man shall worship a God is one of these. A man's first claim to the possession of what by his labour he produces appcars to me to be another. A majority, however large has no right to take by compulsion the result of anyone's labour and hand it over to another. We readily admit that society has a claim to a percentage of the result of an, individual's labour in exchange for the protection and advantages which it affords to all its members. The taxes we pay for police protection, for the upkeep of roads, for the mrintenance of law by which justice is maintained ' between man and man, for means of national defence, I are legitimate charges which society can justly claim 1 fromits members. This principle can be carried ] further without wronging the individual. For ex-ample, it has been found desirable for the safety of tl:e nation to undertake the education of the children because a rising generation untaught and undisciplined 1 mould become a danger to the we.ll-being of the State. It may be found necessary to extend this principle in many directions and for like reasons. But this is an entirely different thing from the compulsory. State application of a principle which severs the connection , between effort and its, natural proportionate reward as hitherto advocated by 3( ho Workman. But I must now wait till the Editor reveals what he is contending for, for in very truth I do not at present know. ,

CHARtES E. PARKER

Penketb, October 31st, 1907.

• Sir,—l have been an interested student of the con- tributions penned by MI. Charles E Parker and John Workman, which have recently been published in "The Voice of Labour" dealing with the subject "Christ and Socialism." Whilst lam in complete pgreement with some of the statements made by each gentleman, unfortunately I am at variance with both disputants on the main points at is:sue., In the first place the ideals of Socialism 'and Christianity appear to me neither identical nor antago- nistic. Socialists desire a clemccratic co-operative industrial conrinonwealkh founded on the socialization of land and capital, with the removal of all class and sex inequalities, which would, (they claim), per- manently solve the poverty problem and the unemployed evil, and entirely abolfsh destitution, pauperism and ignorance. Christians aim at the regeneration of the individual by means of the Divine and humanising influence ascribed by them to the teachings and life of the lowly Nazarene. Socialism is a system of Government' and has (I claim) no closer relationship with Christianity than Toryism and Liberalism. The Socialist move- ment appeals to men and women connected with all religious creeds and sects irrespective of nationality, colour or race, whilst both the Liberal and Conserva-

===== 0002601_19071102_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19071102_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
tive parties contain many Christians,lnfidels,Agnostics and Unitarians.

Then Mr. Parker claims that everyone should receive the" whole "fruits of his (or her) labour. I kankly confess, Sir, that I have entirely failed to discoAr any prospective substantial social advantage that could possibly be secured by the universal adoption of this proposed reform (so called) which appears to me both impracticable and unjust. Can Mr. Parker (or any of his- followeis) give an approximate estimate of the relative incomes that would be paid (under the suggested system) to clerics and scavengers, policemen and stokers, lamplighters and soldiers, seamstresses and barmaids? Is it possible to definitely state what are "the whole fruits of the 'abettor" performed by the persons engaged in these particular occupations? If the workers are to receive the whole fruits of their labour, what will be the fate of all unfortunate men and women, who, through mental or physical weakness, are unable to produce the requisite "fruits" to procure for themselves the bare necessaries of life? Surely Mr. Parker doesn't believe that the young children and industrial veterans have not a legitimate claim on Society for their support and maintenance, and I sincerely hope that he is not an advocate of child-labour and opposed to old-age pensions. Are there any of the recognised leaders of the great Liberal party, who are, in the slightest degree, sympathetic to the ideal advocated by the respected President of the Warrington Liberals, that "each worker should receive the whole fruits of his labour?" On the other hand John Workman's alternative to Mr. Parker's proposals reads thus "from each according to his capacity, to each according to his needs." Will John Workman please inform us who will be the authority appointed to decide on each individual's " capacity "for work, and under his high- flown utopian scheme will every person be permitted to take from the common-stock everything that he (in his opinion) needs, say for example, such trifles as motor cars, pianos, billiard-tables, bowling-greens, parks, etc. In conclusion I trust that there will be a prompt and satisractory reply given to my queries, for I feel assured that on the subject of social reform, there are hundreds of your readers who, like your humble servant, are sorely

PERPLEXED. i

THAT 1200. In a local contemporary a case is cited of a man who has been a respectable steady worker for forty years and has during that time been an excellent husband and a devoted father. He and his wife have also brought up a large family successfully, which is a distinctly social service in these days of a declining birth rate. In the course of 40. years he has saved £2OO, which is at the rate of £5 per year,—not much margin evidently in this model workers yearly budget. The employer who quotes the case does not state the , wages or salary paid the worker, but asks what is to ; become of him and his £2OO under a Socialist regime? , The query is quite legitimate and pertinent. Under a ! system of Socialism the worker need not have troubled : to save the £5 per year, because the Community to ! A meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians which he had rendered such faithful service would see , was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, Mr. W. ta it that he and his wife were provided in a home of IlothugshotnonAarrse.swidiginsoTnhe; Miss swaloaallobe present :—Mrs. t& their own with all that was necessary to make their i Matthews, Rev. M. Ryan. Dr. Murraynt, Messrs. J. declining years comfortable and pleasant, from a Evans, W. Gill, J. Billinge S. Davies, W. C. Brooke, G. merely material point of view. The £2OO was saved, ! Mather, R. Bolton, W. 'Flannagan, R. Forshaw, W. presumably, as a safeguard against a rainy day and Furness, A. Brooks, P. Longton, J. C. Sutton (clerk), possible loss of employment or sickness. Such provision J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wright (superintendent is necessary under a system like the present which of the Cottage Homes.) i discards the worker when he can no longer produce sur- 1 DR. HAROLD JOSEPH'S RESIGNATION plus value or the benefit of his employer. But the I WITHDRAWN. inadequacy of such provision is obvious when we 1 At a meeting of the House Committee, the CHAIRMAN I remember that even on a£l per week basis the sum reported that he had interviewed Dr. Hbrold Joseph saved wrald be used up in the course of less than four 1 who had intimated his willingness to comply with the years. Socialism would do better for this exemplary unanimous wish of the Committee and continue in office as deputy medical officer. It was resolved that the worker by securing comfort' to all his remaining ' B card be asked to rescind the resolution accept ire his years, and when the employer asks what will become r etsigyi ion._ The Special Committee's recommendation of the man ? the reply is—Socialism will take care of relative to the appointment of a third male lunatic him. But what becomes of his life's savings-40, attendant in order to effect an eight hours' shift was years at 5 a year? The Community cad do without ; considered and unanimously agreed to, the salary to he capitalists, but does not propose to do without £25 per annum, uniform, and indoor allowerces. Three capital. This small capitalist would receive back his 1 ten ders were opened for the supply of eight dozen blankets, and that of Mr. T. 3. Lee was accepted at £2OO by way of an annuity and the sinking fund i 48. Bid. per blanket guaranteed by the State would .be obtained probably .The abovel minuteswere approved on the motion of by a large increase of the death duties thus the , Mr. BILLING'S seconded by Mr. MATHER, the Clerk millionaire's beneficiares would repay the poor man ; intimating tbet another item would be dealt with in his savings, by the extension of a principle already Committee. . recognised in English law. This method would apply A PRIVATE DISCUSSION. in a community passing from a base competitive system Mr. FURNESS said one important matter which to a co-operative collectivism, occurred on the minutes of the House Committee had THE LABOUR PROGRAMME. not been broached at all. The CLERK said he read all the minutes except one Sir,—l noticed in your column of Saturday last a which the Chairmen ruled should b c 'der,..ci b the e. OLISI ' . y short communication headed "The Labour Programme" Board in committee. which bore the signature of" W. Chrimes." Mr. FURNESS moved that the matter be censidered in Your correspondent states that he does not recognise open committee, as it was very important. He referred Friars' Green House as the source of authority and ,to a resolution affecting the position of a probationer headquarters of the whole Labour party and coup'es nurse. with this remark a request for the authorised pro- ; Mr. W. C. BROOKS seconded. gramme of this new force in English politics. Allow . whlkeinr. trte mnr.nr I; sNiGjon"oi df any h andffiliceeernh tandeccouros teoimn t ion q the tpi ao snt me,sir, to respectfully inform Mr. Chrimes that Friars' to consider it in committee. It was probable that!. Green House is the headquarters of the Warrington statemsets would be made and heat generated, so that branch of the Independent Labour Party, which is a it would be better for the Guardians and officers to Socialist organisation working in political alliance ' consider the question in private. with the Labour party. The Independent Labour ! Mr. FURNESS pressed his resolution as he considered it would I o on absolute ri-flection on the House Corn. Party have a definite programme a copy of mittee and the Board if the minutes were allowed to which will be given to any person making go through without open discussion. The ratepayers application for the same at Friars' Green Hour. • had a right, to know what was being done. The Labour Party have hitherto refused to compile . After further discussion it was decided to cons Per a programme, but they have made certain definite the matter in committee. demands which accurately indicate what will be the ; THE CHAIRMAN'S BEREAVEMENT. nature of their programme when one is formulated. i The Rev. T. R. MATTHEWS said that since the last They have already conducted a vigorous and meeting the chairman had suffered bereavement, and successful agitation to restore Trade Unions to an' , he moved that the Board express their sincere sympathy equal legal footing with capital, continuously advo- ,' with Mr. Houghton. cated the recognition of State responsibility to the ; Mr. MATHER seconded and the motion was carried, unemployed, and also taken a firm stand in favour of the members all standing. . _ the provision of meals for needy school children out! POOR LAW CONFERENCE. of the public purse. Leaflets have bcen officially ; • issued by the Party supporting Land and Railway ! It was decided that the Board should he represented , ,at the annual meeting of the Association of Poor Law Nationalisation and Old Age Pensions, whilst a most ; Unions in London on November 21st and 22nd by Mr. strenuous opposition was offered to Mr. Chamberlain's : Jolley and the Clerk—the representatives appointed at Protectionist proposals. Their manifesto on Free . the annual Board meeting in April. Trade concluded thus: MR. SFIEARER'S SALARY. "A Labour Party and a Labour Policy in Parlia- ment will relieve the producers of wealth from the 1 The application of Mr. Basil Shearer for a revision of load of the idle classes, will free our home worker his salary as assistant relieving officer was considered from his burdens and put him on an equal footing ,in committee and the Board decided to grant an with his foreign competitor, and thus, by cheapen- ' increase of £35, making his salary as assistant relieving ing production, will make work brisker and officer £llO. steadier, will increase wages and will make the ; future of British industry secure." I VW Mr. Chrimes also states that he does not think any- , thing will be gained by Labour acting in antagonism ; OBSERVER CUP. to either Conservatives or Liberals. I would direct: The following is a e draw for the Ist round for the Mr. Chrimes to take into consideration the fact that 'Observer Cup."along with referees,which matches will official Liberalism or Toryism hiave never yet advo- take place on November 9th. Kick-off 245 p.m. To be eated any great social or political reform until public plared on the eround of the first named clula.._ . ay. opinion has been ripened on the subject by outside Winninetonl\Pirk v. Lnatc_tfcomrrsi.. RiTeftierreeee,,J liiii. Davies. agitation. The Tory party may have passed more 1 tarlfantriseAvi,.c :avrr Teat Al V I°ker's Brewery. Referee, J. Parry beneficial industrial and social reforms than the! u Halton Villa v. St. Elphin's. Referee, A. Owen. Liberals, or the latter may possibly he less indifferent: Lostock Gralam v. St. Barnabes. Referee, W. 11. and apathetic to the many crying social evils of the Crowther, day than the Conservatives; brit lam convinced that Halton A.F.C. v. Rflands. Referee, Sergeant Graile neither party can possibly sympathise so sincerely Burtonwood A.F.C. v. Monks' Hall. Referee, J 'with the aspirations and ideals of Labour or serve the Mather. in'erests of Labour so effectively and intelligently as Warringe n St. Mary's v. Burtonwood Social. Referee, J. Lloyd. can a Labour party. Tiethel MiKion v. Knutsford. Referee, G. Evison. "VULCAN." Fairfield v. Ought rington Park. Referee, C. T. Cox. , Sutton Commercial v. Orford Barracks. Referee, C. • Taylor. BYES.—Lmm. A.F.C., Thelwall United, Penketh, -- z. Warrington Et. Paul's, Castner Kellner. LIBERAL CLUD.--The other evening the final of a billiard handicap took place at the atove club. The two opponents were Messrs. Harold Chatham and Smith- Tunstall, both being scratch men, who treated the spectators to an exciting game. Mr. Chatham was the lender until about 90 Mr. Tunstall took up the lead and won by the small margin of five points. There were four prizes, the first being a splendid cue in case presented i to the club by Messrs. Burroughs and Watts. The other t gentlemen who won prizes were: 2, H. Cheetham ; 1 3, Frederick Dale • 4,Arthur Dewlehonse. The member- ship of the club h'as also improved which speaks well for the democratic cause at this corner of the Newton division.

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS

===== 0002601_19071102_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

WESLEY GUILD.—On Monday evening Mr. Davey- Smith of Warrington gave a lecture to the members of the above Guild on Moody, the late American Evangelsst, who visited this country along with Sankey Some ycars age, with such marked effect. Mr. Davey- Smith's lecture proved highly interesting and instruc- tive and was much appreciated. The Rev. W. Mellor occupied the cliair. There was an exceptior.ally large attendenca of members. PADGATE WEUEYAN CIUMCIL—In connection with this Church special services were held in aid of the Choir Funds. In the morning tne Rev. E. J. 'Gomm preachedond in the evening the Rev. W. Mellor, both preachers' discourses Leing highly appreciated. The choir, which bed Leen augmented for the day, sang special anthems, the service throughout being musical, bright and cLeerful. There wcrp good congregations both morning and evening.

FATAL COLLIERY EXPLOSION.

An explosion eccurred at the -North Seaton Pit, Northumberland, late on Friday night, causing the death of a man named Vprdy, aged 23, and seriously injuring William Gregory, aged 95. ri e two men were working together a considerable distance from each other when the accident occurred. Vardy, who was killed outright, was only marriel six weeks ago.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr. Harold Joseph Withdraws His Resignation.

PENKETH.

Mr DEAR CHILD:

I have been most pleased with the let received during the last week ;'-..,0re than twice the number r usually receii Well, 1 expect you get more time now the long evenings are here. I find some of you have already sent me anecdotes of your pets; but I want a lot more; don't forget, I shall try and find a nice box of Fry's chocolates for the best received. I will mention again the subjects of our cont. petitions. I want your special attention given to these.

First. I want you to remember that our poor people will soon be needing some of those warm articles that you have promised to send me.

Secondly. The competition is open for the best anecdotes of your pet animals. ' Thirdly. The largest list of new members before the year is out. Which will you try for? All of them, I hope. With love,

UNCLE NED.

A PROUD FROST PRINCESS.

There was once a proud little icicle, who stood alone out in the cold. She wore a dress that sparkled like diamonds, but, for all that, no one cared to go near her. The snowflakes were having a game of tag in the sky. Nearer and nearer the earth they played, until some of them spied Miss Icicle. "Do come and play with us," they cried, but the proud icicle shook her head. s" No," she said; "you are entirely too common to play with me." "I'll show the world what you are, you silly thing," called Grandfather Sun from his cloud chariot. So he sent some of his children, the sunbeams, to breathe their hot breath on Miss Icicle's head. This made her feel so sick that she wept great tears.' The more she wept the thinner she, grew, until at last a tiny pool of water was all that was left of the princess.

NELLiE VOUND.

THE MOUSE AND THE LION.

There was once a little mouse who thought. he would have a walk in the forest, when he came across a lion, which began to roar. The little mouse thought he was going to be eaten up, but, instead of that, the lion let him go. About two days after the mouse went another walk, and he saw the same lion again, which was caught in a hunter's net, and so the little mouse. gnawed away the rope, and the lion was set free. The mouse and the lion.were friend!, for a long time. Kind deedi are always 'repaid. D. TALBOT.

Ralph and Rob had been reading stories about the great explorers, and they had come to the conclusion that they had found the right occupation for life. They would be explorers, and make maps of the countries they dl6 covered.

"The only trouble is there are no places round here which people don't know about," complained Ralph as they lay in bed, trying to decide how they would begin the business of opening up, unknown territory. "My plan is this," said the practical Rob. "You see everything has to be practised before it amounts to much—like playing the piano or learning to be an engineer. So I think we ought to practise exploring round the mill-pond and in the pasture until right down we know whether we can stand it to camp out and—all that _sort of thing."

Ralph agreed to this, and they decided to begin operations at once. The next day they set about building a raft. They brought heavy logs from the pasture; their father had allowed them to cut down some of the small trees bor- dering the cow-path. It was quite hard work to drag the logs to the shed, and they found scme difficulty in getting the raft to the pond after tit was completed. Their next trouble was the raft was so heavy and uneven that they were unable to keep it above water when they were both on it. Perhaps it would bo best to say nothing about the accusations and herd words that were said about this matter, but it ended with their abandoning the raft and de- ciding that they would begin with an explora- tion on land.

Uncle Jack happened to pass the pcn:l v.-1)1Ic the trouble was gcing on. He bci.:l aL•rig:ll idea.

"Boys, you can do better than You can be a real village improvement society. Now you see this part of the sidc,,.-wall; here is low and wet, and makes an for any one coming along: in the Let's make a bridge. Let's take that raft a - ,rt lay it, on some rocks and make a road-bed, aLd let us cover it all over with stones and earth until we have raised that. hollow tin the road."

" @mat!" said both boys, who always fcund Uncle Jack's plan the best kind of play. ThQr straightway began to pull-the affair, which was a failure as a raft, toward the shore. They all worked with a will, bringing flat tones and packing them down solidly wizh tte earth until the hollow place was filled. Ncxt they placed the raft on the stones, then cover.?(l all with layers of earth and gravel. They left Inderneath a little drain for the water to pass through. When all was completed they had a neat, permanent side-walk.

The strangest part of this sthry is thio. The logs of the raft were of willow, and were wf;ter- soaked when laid. A sprout soon appcarod at one end of the log, which, trained •1r..7:1;r1y. grew higher ea,th year, until a gracof:.l tree hung over the side walk and made a bit ot grateful shade. "We are more of an improvement s.'7ir‘ty, than we meant to be," said Ralph, day some years later.

"Yes, I guess we did as much goci as we would have in exploring the upper end of tte pond," said Rob.

A MORTIFYING MISTAKE.

I studied my tables over and over, and back- ward and forward, too, But I couldn't remember six times nine, and I didn't know what to do, Till sister told me to play with my doll and not to bother my head; "If you call her fifty-four for a while, you'll learn it by heart," she said. So I took my favourite Mary Ann (tlicur,rh •-

thought 'twas a dreadful shame . To give such a perfectly lovely child such a • perfectly horrid name), 4, And I called her my dear little fifty-four & . . . .. .... _ _

- hundred times till I knew - The answer of six times nine as well as tile

answer of two times two. Next day Elizabeth Wigglesworth, who always acts so proud, Said, "Six times nine is fifty-two," and I nearly laughed aloud! But I wish I hadn't when teacher said, "Now, Dorothy, tell, if you can." For I thought of my doll, and—sakes alive ! I answered, "Mary Ann."

There was once a little girl who was studying cookery. One day her father asked her if she could make a suet pudding. "Oh, yes," sbc replied, "you just try me." So ht-r iatncr bought her a bag of flour and some suet, alici told her to try her best. When dinner-tinie came the father wished to cut the ruddi "Why, Mary," he exclaimed, "this is a funny pudding; I can't find the suet." "Go on cut- ting," said Mary, "and you will find it," and, behold, she had put the lump in the middle.

ELSIE TALBOT

The magnitude of the Escurial, the great Spanish palace, may be inferred from the fr.ct that it would take 'four days to go through all the rooms and apartments, the length or the way being reckoned at one huhdrcd and t-a-c nty English miles.

A Cincinnati paper says that the young man going is a resident of that city. lie took off his hat to talk to a lady through tha telephone.

A little girl joyfully assured her mother the other day that he had found out where fhcY made horses; she had seen a man finishii:g one. "He was nailing on his last foot." A jubilant voter wrote two letters immedi- ately after the return of his candidate at a late election—one to his son, consisting of the single word "Hurrah!" and the other a RAN, sentences of condolence to a dear friend who had lost his wife. In his excitement he mixed the envelopes, and the result can be imagined when the bereaved widower received the wrong letter. ____

FOOTBALLS Given away weekly. Every competitor receives something.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLDER THAN CHARLES THE BOLD

Joannes Scotus, the early Scottish philo- copher, being in company with Charles the Bold, King of France, that, monarch asked him good-hurnouredly what was the difference be- tw(=en a Scot and a sot. Scotus, who sat opposite the king, answered, "Only the breadth of the table."

AN INCIDENT IN THE FRANCO-GERMAN . WAR. YOU cannot. tell, who safely dwell Far. from the storm of war, What strength these nursing sisters bring, How much to us they are. One such we had in our rough troop, Therese, her nursing name; Saine said at home they called her Rose, We knew not whence she came.

n she was near we lost our fear, Such power did she possess; Her voice was like a benison, Which made our pain seem less. \-c 0 grew ashamed to show our pain, Or mount the sign of fear; Ve learned to stifle down our groans, And laugh out, "C'est pour rire." cine day the fight was fierce and long; Some thirty soldiers lay `‘Vounded and spent in the Lazare tent, Near to the hottest fray. When, lo a shell among us fell From out the battle mist, And brave me D fled, while near our bed The deadly fionster hissed. But sister, dear, brave "C'est pour rire," Quick stooped to where it lay, Lifted the threatening engine up, And staggered, pale, away. A hundred yards she struggled on, Each step new danger meant; A failing hand, a faulty int, And life and limb are rent. Her trembling hands then sought to lay Their burden on the ground; 114-,o great! it slipped, fell earthward—

0 God I that hateful sound. It shook our tents, it shook the earth, It shook our hearts yet more; Pale faces looked forth questioning, Lips wordless, at the door. From her white brow they wiped the red, They stooped her words to hear: "No! not yet dead!" she faintly said, Then, smiling, "C'est pour rire." Brave soul! who doubts 'neath other skies, Before love's changeless throne: The soul that laughing, lived, and died, God welcomed as his own.

A. BROOKS,

Friend (agent for an insurance company.): "Ah, by-the-by, Mr. Bloggs, got your life insured?" Farmer Bloggs: "No, not now; I—" Friend: "Ali, a capital chance for you, then; let int put your n—" Farmer Bloggs: "Oh, I was insured, you know l" Friend: "Dear me, why ever did you let your policy lapse?" Farmer: "Well, you see, I dunno; I didn't see much the good of it—er—l didn't die."

This is the way a coloured preacher is said to have atranged his hearers for mutual conveni- ence: "De fore part ob de church will please sit down so de hind part ob de church can see de fore part, for de hind part can't see de fore part ef de fore part persist in standin' before de hind part to de utter exclusion ob de hind part by de fore part."

===== 0002601_19071102_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
200 YEARS A SECRET. GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES.

For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has been kept in one Family, its curative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TROUBLES. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the .most delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has q' ickly cured. even whtn doctors have despaired. Frae for 14. tamps, GRAN NH,: CO %IPA NV, NORWICH.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0082.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-----

===== 0002601_19071102_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_19071102_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE SAME AWFUL HAND."

How a Manchester Girl was Rescued by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills from Comsamption,

An eminent English Statesman, a member of the Present Cabinet,made gratifying comment recently upon the fact that the terrible scourge of consumption was nOW to some extent being checked, adding that he wp.a acquainted with several young people who had undoubt- edly been cured of this dreadful disease. No one testifies mora to the gratefully to the cure of Con- sumption than Mrs.. Dyson,of 127, Westminster Terrace. Ellesmere-street, Moorside,near Manchester. Mrs. Dyson gives an account of an amazing cure in her family, and the intensity of her feelings can be readily understood when it is stated that her mother's heart had been torn by the death of a daughter some Years ago from this disease. When her second daughter, Alice, was decra`red to be in consumption her grief was terrible, but to-day Mrs. Dyson is happy indeed, for her daughter Alice, site announces, has been completely cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills and is regarded as having been veritably' snatched from what seemed certain death. TRA.CKS OF DEA.TII IN HER FACE.

"Some time ago my daughter Gertrele was taken -I,rom me by consumption," she said to a reporter. You will understand therefore my anguish when T saw the same awful hand upon Alice, my twelve-year- old daughter. Alice had shared poor Gertrude's bed- room, and when we found that she was attacked with consumption we lost all hope of saving her. She began to refuse food and complaineo that everything she Swallowed tasted sour.

c=.• <7:j -,;O_4IPL , ,

DYSON, Cured of Cons Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

Oh mother! ' she would cry, I feel such cruel pains In ray back and sides! ' Every time she breathed her art and lungs were piereed by sharp spasms; and she fell away to mere skin and bone. Her glassy eyes and hollow cheeks filled me with anxiety, and day by day she grew worse. ' a She was so lifeless that at last she became too Weak to use her legs, and could hardly, qtand. She was restless at night, startled by horrid dreams, bathed in Perspiration, and exceedingly feverish. Neighbours p.xpressed grave fears that she had but little longer to live. Hospital treatment made no improvement. She got weaker and weaker and had the traces of death on her face, when an elderly lady residing near us called and told us that she had been given up by tier doctors te9 years ago, and finally cured herself with Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

:...... '..... *• . ~,,,t,... -:,:::::::::,,,,i.',:-,:::::,:*i:i:i:...iiiii:Iii,i*,:40. ~...co, -1r .......;5,,,,,..- 4:•....?;2::,,,eig,paz,:,::- ~ .::,,,,,,,..::,.„-:),,:„3„,,,,,:?,,E,1:,.,....::,,i,...,,,,,....3,i.i.,;.....:.,:i.,..1..;,.,.. ': is:#4o.oieltaWN.-aa %.41,;t:tfikl.fagiii maft*.O.w.'i: ,4-,,,, - 4.%.",..'i • '...:AW5K4iA1;:::,..:•.::-..:,-:::-..;:::.1:::ti:N:',5,74*.i: . ' •:n ,sii;:-.i......- ~?•,-tt.1:."'„„: '....;:.i;Min: i%.*::.ii• .;?•I'Alrifis. 1)41A:4. 40..,,,i*::•''' ...::.:::::-.1.';:-.. :-:'..7'..:i]i;:::0:::..:::iii:?,.:,,:: .liil'aftiVA.,•V '::0141§1iWi.:•...::i..:::. '..i,i: :.,;'.04.::::::;=ii ... •if ':::;.?;:•IM":71:: ' §:ii,Vai..:l4L?;:ii.',„::'''':•::.4::•?..::ii:•.**MT.;::: tt#6i. •i';';:44:el,:,:if:A:,g ::„,,,,L:",i'Vsit,,V,K,''''...4.C.::i'• : ' •:.i'.';',.:P.i::.:ii.::.::,:a.A. 1.•,:.*:,,a;:?..i,.?..,:c4 ww. e:4... k,U,.;:•'',4, Z;le:,.:;;::-::::;:%:::::.';inff:' ::::Mii g,igt.:;:i:Oiaiik ifN.**%.Y.,..k.,,,,51,1r:::' ' *•%-::Eats.:::".-•:”..:::::::,::::::*.V,:5:Ve,A5z%::A+.4.,,,'N • .frxis..flif.:, '.-.4,v,,-;!:,, ~::::::.:Ii:.i1:-.,..*:,:i•fir.:**:;V:?;A:My:.;:•:i E4004-gt4le...:':'•:;.Hai:44**VAN :negtilekge,:::-"V.I2O4IMiIiZZAS 't'''•°W:ii:i"i-Ai*Ati4i...''''..,.:',:;•.:l.tiC',`..in].•;s:4:iPi%*.i,.X Aii:.le. *?..:::.::;:::::e..SAVO: ''i:i::,:ii:::"'•':1":1a ::::':li:,gi''.4.?;,:>TO:tAltfittni'•e4,l4.V:::.:o,2::::::', ' ':::ll.,t*•?:44ooTO::•ltiriia:WWW-UMIN::: iE.:.1.,,,,* Mi-,:iWeAii,;:i:,§Ail:e .;;•,,:,..&i:04i.t..4:•;:iiiM:.....„,:•,.• 0f.,:.....';i.:".14iN,::#.4.0.,- Or Oki :i!.::11.1%.:-:„:x:::::.:4*. ififitaof 5 ALICE ;zimption by

===== 0002601_19071102_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT ALICE WANTED.

"It is good blood your daughter Alice wants to fight consumption with, and Dr. Williams' Pink Pills will Put that in her veins' she said. A:" So,' continued Mrs. Dyson, I bought the pills for 'dee, and they proved to be the only medicine that did her any good. She began to ask for food, and she ate a little solid food regularly with perfect ease and digestion. We persevered with Dr. Williams' Pink tills and by their means saved our daughter's life. '4veryone who knew her recognises that an astonishing cure has taken place. She is now perfectly well, bright and bonny and full of life." Victims of Ccnsumption need the pure, rich blood and renewed strength and vitality which enable the Plaloady to be fought. This new good blood and vitality le supplied by Dr.Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Elev can be obtained of all dealers or direct from the r. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, Holborn Viaduct,London, Rest free, 2s. 9d. for one box, or 13s. 9d. for six boxes. 'rib' the genuine pills cure, and substitutes saoutafl rerused for they are worse than useless. The pills that cure are Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. A pamphlet of particular interest to consumptives will be sent free on request from above address.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION. Burtonwood A.F.C. 14Yruna Fairfield 2ughtringtonPark 43 0 1 18 5 nYlands A.F.C. 6 3 3 0 10 22 Penketh Monks' Hall Warrington Central Palatine Buttonwood Social Latchford St. Barnabas' Res Warrington St. Paul's 6l 5 0 8 18"

SECOND DIVISION. Orford 7 6 0 1 St. Elphin's Walker's R'arrington St. John's— 7 4 2 1 Warrington St. May's 8 4 4 0 NVarrington Central Res 4 3 1 0 Ouglitrington Park Res 6 2 3 1 Fairfield Reserves 4 1 3 0 Aionks, Hall Reserves ArDley rark'Juniors

M arches for November 2nd.

Warrington St. Paul's v. I.ymtn. Referee, J. A. -eendrv. • - -

Latchford v. Buttonwood Social. Referee, Sergeant Grailey. Rylands v:Palatine. Referee, F. Clegg. Monks, Hall v. Central. Referee, C. T. Cox. Barnabas' v. Burtonwood St. Paul's. Referee, Y. H. Crowther. Penketh v. 'Fairfield. Referee J. R. Davies. Oughtrington Park &serves v. Orford. Referee, G. Box, - Warrington Central Reserves v. St. Elphins. Referee, W. Nicholson. ...Warrington St. John's v. Park Juniors.. Referee, -r• J. Hopkins. 111 Results for October 26th. Warrington St. Paul's 3, Burtonwood Social 1. • Latchford I-, Oughtringtou Park 3. Central 4, Palatine 1. Pertketh 2, Lymm 3. Warrington St. Mary's 2, Oughtrington Park Res. 1. Arpley 0, Orford 2. . Monks, Hall 3, St. John's 4. Walker's-4 Park Juniors 1.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
labia

===== 0002601_19071102_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLERS AT rti / NER,

MR. A. H CROSFV2L9, MP. AS PRESIDEtff OF THL: LAN 1-1 !: E AND

===== 0002601_19071102_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
CHESHIRE. ASSOCIATION

Distribution of Prizes

Mr: A. H. Ci ()Auld, has always taken a keNi interest in the developnatnt of the ancient game of bowls and the Lancashire and Cheshire County Bowling Association recently recognized his valuable work by electing him to the presidency. On Saturday evening the annual dinner in connection with the Association ! was held at the Palatine Hotel, Manchester, and Mr. Crosfield presided. There was a. very large and repre- sentative gathering, for in addition to a strong muster. of members of the County Association, prominent bowlers were, present froth Yorkshire, Staffordshire, Warwickshire, and other distant counties. A large contingent of Warrington devotees of the pastime was in attendance, the occasion being of special interest to them, as the Bull's Head team were to receive the handsome silver medals which they won as runiaers-up in the County Championship. Mr, Crosfield was very cordially received by the company. After dinner a smoking concert was held under the presidency of Mr. Crosfield and an admirable programme was sub- mitted. The usual toasts were honoured.

"TEE KING AND QUEEN."

The PRESIDENT said that in opening the proceedings at that very important gathering they naturally com- menced with a toast which was so popular amongst all gatherings of Englishmen that under any conditions it would be unnecessary for him to commend it to them by a speech. It was particularly unnecessary for him to do so that night because after all, popular as that toast was amongst all assemblies of Englishmen, it was perhaps received with special cordiality wherever those who were interested in British sport were gathered together. (Hear, hear.) They knew that marvellously active as the King was in so many ways—and he could assure them that his Majesty's activity at present was quite extraordinary for a man of his years—many as were the claims on his energies and attention and much as a man in his exalted position had on his mind, they knew that the King continued to take a very keen interest in British sports, and that was one reason,surely, why they should drink •,o that toast with particular enthusiasm. in proposing the toast of the King he also gave them the health of the Queen, the first lady in the land, who had held so warm a place in the hearts of our people ever since she came across the water so many years ago. (Applause.) The toast was heartily honoured. "THE PRESIDENT."

Mr. J. W. G. COOMBS, (deputy presiient) in proposing the toast of the President, said be had the honour that evening of introducing Mr. Crosfield to the members for the first time at an official gathering. His name had always been received with the enthusiasm which it deserved at their various meetings, and they were proud to have him amongst them. They trusted that would not be the last time by any means that he would preside over them. Mr. Crostleld was certainly a shining example of what could be done in one branch of sport—golf. (Applause.) They had read of the extraordinary feats he had accomplished in that beautiful country, Switzerland, and also in the British Isles. He (Mr. Coombs) was not an authority on golf but what he lacked in that respect he made up for in bowls—the most ancient of all British games. (Applause.)Mr.Crosfield had only been their president for a short period,but they had had him as a vice-president for teens of years. He (Mr. Coombs) was certain that a better man to occupy the presidential chair could not be found throughout the British Empire. (Applause.) The name of Crosfield was well-known in the com- mercial world and also in the realm of politics. A future Premiership might even be in store for him— (applause)—but at all events they trusted he would become as well known in the bowling world as he was in other walks of life. (Applause.) The toast was honoured with great enthusiasm the company singing" For he's a jolly good fellow" and giving three hearty cheers.

MR. CROSFIELD'S REPLY. HI 6 MOUNTAINEERING EXPERIENCES.

The PRESIDENT said he was very happy to have the opportunity for the first time to meet the representa- tives of bowls in Lancashire and Cheshire—indeed on that occassion they had representatives from other parts of the country, but in his remarks he would address himself more particularly to those who had had the kindness to confer upon him what he could assure them was a totally unexpected honour. He never dreamt for a moment that they had even thought of putting him in that rather responsible but very honourable and tberuestai ',ran tci nositinn—fr, /mold assuro them it was appreciated—and he thanked them very cordially. In regard to v,hat Mr. Coombs had so kindly said be could only say that he would try to live up to it. (Laughter and a Voice : " Parti- cularly the Prime Minister.") When he said that, he could assure them he was not thinking about politics. (Laughter.) No, Mr. Coombs' sugges- tion in that direction was rather too large an order, but be would t:y to live up to what he said about bowls. Whether he would succeed was another question. (Laughter.) He expected he would have to depend on their kindness to pull him through. But certainly, it was a very remarkable fact that while the game in which he took a very considerable interest—golf—had spread wonderfully in England and other countries, and while in a very small way he had tried to take his part in assisting to some little extent in its advancement, still numerically the

===== 0002601_19071102_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
SPREAD OF BOWLS

at the present day was greater that the spread of golf— (hear, bear)—in fact it was greater than the spread of any other game he believed, under the sun. He was sure that central association hoped that progress would continue in their own counties and ultimately in all parts of the country. That was the first time in his life he bad addressed such a remarkable gathering as that. He had spoken at political meetings where there were. 3,000 people present, but it was a positive fact that at that dinner they had represented, without exaggeration, over half a million of people who were interested in the game of bowls. Ile had knocked about a bit in his time and what struck one very much as a distinguishing feature between what generally obtained i on the continent and what one found n England was the wonderful spread of athletic sports and healthy outdoor and indoor recreations in our country. Both in regard to the character and physique of our people, it was a matter for great satis- faction and even thankfulness. It'was quite astonish- ing if they came to consider how much of toil, training, and self-denial the youth of our country went through in order to achieve some proud predominance in some field of sport. He did not really know where they found the greatest sacrifices made. ft would be difficult to make a comparison between rowing, running, cycling, boxing and football. He was talking to an exception- ally good sportsman the other day—a man who told him he was willing to take on anybody in the world at 'four things—rowing, single wicket, swimming and lawn tennis—and he put it to him : " What do you consider is

THE BIGGEST PHYSICAL STRAIN

on a man in any English field of sport ?" "Well," his friend replied if you mean a test of physical endur- ance I should say that a final at Wimbledon in the singles of the lawn tennis championship is the biggest strain 'upon a man." As a matter of fact be (gr. Oros- field) should think that probably the boat race was the biggest strain for twenty minutes, unless it he a hard bit of prize fighting. (Laughter.) He rather thought, however, that in the long run, seeing how these tennis matches were dragged out, probably his friend was right and lawn tennis was one of the most severe strains one could come across. If they cline to the question of hardship and what people would undergo in the pur- suit of sport, he thought he would give them an anecdote or two from his own experience. He was not now speaking of capacity for endurance, but he believed in tie matter of hardship Englishmen under- went more outside their own country than in it. There were a certain number of lunatics who went al-road to climb mountains.(Laughter). He was afraid their presi- dent was one of them—(laughter)—and he might say that not a few of those noble patriots who served them up at Westminster—he hoped he was not patting himself on the back —(laughter)— at Christmas time tooc a little golfing holiday in the South of France. Some time back a friend of his who was one of the com- munity he had alluded to—(laughter)—said "Look here. 'Don't you go. golfing at Christmas. Come out. to Switzerland and climb." So be went. Well, he went to Chamounix and there wasa party of English people there—they were to be found wherever there was any kind of sport. They were tobogganing,skating and indulging in all the winter pastimes, so they made up a party to go up the mountain at the back of Chamounix. Unfortunately the weather had broken and there had been heavy falls of fresh snow. Mr. Crosfleld then gava a very interesting narrative of the ascent of the Montague Vert. For fire days be stayed at AN HOTEL UP IN THE MOUNTAINS, . . . .

and to giv€;.-ihenr—a-I,:idea of what it was like,- he might say that they never had the temperature higher than 10, degrees below zero—in fart it was 15 or 20 degrees below zero the whole of the time be was there, and they had a jolly, good strong wind off the glaciers and snow- fields into the bargain. If we did not not know what heat was in England, which fortunately was quite true, we did not know what cold was either. If they tried some of that mountain work in mid winter in Switzer- land, they would realize what cold was. It froze the eatables the guides had in their knapsacks stone hard— froze everything like a rock except the whisky. (Laughter). Then when they sat down to have a bite in the open they had not. to keep their feet still because there was always a chance of frost-bite catching their toes. Mr. Crosfield then described his _exciting experience in ascending one of the little aiguilles. He had two guides as fine as one could come

--OTHE'R LITTLE EXPERIENCES in a sport which was not quite so well known as bowls. He had made an acquaintance with crevasses and had stood in avalanche on one ocdasion. "Ihave told these stories in Warrington " continued Mr. Crosfield "lint I am sorry to say they are not believed. (Laughter.) They compare me with Old Tostatment characters—disadvantageously at that,—(laughter)—and I have to console myself with a Scriptural quotation that a prophet is not without honour save in his own country.' (Laughter.) So I don't think I will tell them any more Alpine tales in Warrington. I will come and tell them in Manchester. (Laughter.) lam sure if you give me the opportunity of doing so some other time you will credit me with an anxiety to avoid all improper exaggeration sad with that quality of strict veracity and attention to the • facts which you know characterises all our politicians." (Laughter.) Mr. Crosfield then tendered his sincere thanks to Mr. Coombs who since he (Mr. Crosfield) had been elected to the presidency had been exceedingly kind in assisting him. He also wished to tell the guests who had travelled from a distance how glad the members of. the Association were to welcome them. (Applause.) He hoped they were not arrogating too much to themselves hi the North if they felt that Lancashire, Yorkshire and Cheshire did, after all, form a wonderfully

IMPORTANT BOWLING CENTRE. Let them try to live up to it and as they had done very well in this part of the country, let them hold out a helping hand whenever they could to others,hoping that they might in turn become affiliated to that Association and that it might spread until old Manchester became the Marylebone of bowls. (Applause.) He could only say that during his tenure of office all he could do to help on the game would be done with a whole heart. (Applause.) Ile was very fond of golf, as they knew. It had been a hobby of his. Mr. Coombs had been good enough to refer some of his little feats in the golfing world. He was only a second class golfer, but he had had the luck to pick up a few pots. He had a cabinet at home of which he was very proud, for the prizes recalled many a good day's fighting, and he was sure the splendid prizes he would have the pleasure of distributing that evening would recall many pleasant afternoons to the recipients. One could not but feel that bowls was a time honoured game which carried them back into

OLD ENGLISH HIStOAY

—into times when there were other ports perhaps less desirable, when cock fighting bear-baiting and bull- baiting were very popular in the country. Tnese might be excellent in their way but they were not quite the sports one would like to substitute for the battles that took place between the White Rose and the Red Rose nowadays on the cricket field. (Applause). They would, he was sure, rather have the contests which were fought out in a friendly spirit between the two counties at Ohl Trafford. (Hear, hear). Above all they felt that neither cricket, golf, nor anything else was quite so

COMMUNISTIC IDEAS

The Examiner, Saturday November 25 1907. across in Switzerland and the climb was so difficult THE MEMBER ON SOCIALISM the rocks being coated with ice, that it took an hour and a half to negotiate the last 150 feet. Lie completed -- the ascent by being hauled up the face of the rocks by CRITICISM OF COMMUNISTIC IDEALS. means of a rope tossed down by the guides who had V(1113 ahead. to the question of discomfort, it was Iu the course of a lengthy address to the members of an experience to spend a night in one of the hoases on the Junior Liberal Assoulation last Friday, Mr. C °Add J 5 mutt ins."lne. v+,ere par ,op.; a. dozett p:!ople in made an interesting reference to Socialism and one she.' a .“1 t her slept on may which had not been Communistic ideals. changed for several weeks. He did not know whether He said : I was dining the other day with they bad read Mark Twain's description of it. He said: a liberal-minded land owner and another member who "They told me the chamois was a very rare animal but I joined us was an out and out Communist. During the found pleuty.l had them every night." (Laughter.)Even conversation the land owner said: Communism will if oneieseaped the light cavalry—(laughter)—there was never succeed in England. Ycal have no chance what- the discomfort caused by one or two smelly oil lamps, ever. There is only one thing that could help you and any amount of tobacco, and the lack of proper ventila- that is twenty years domination by the House of Lords.' tion. It was not very easy to sleep °under those cinema- (Laughter.) And if you come to consider it, he is stances, and then when the traveller bad just got nicely about right. It is about the only thing that could help into his first slumber,he was knocked up to climb one of on the those peaks and the first thing he thought was what a fool he was to get up. (Laughter.) lie could give them an account of

which I am sorry to say are likely to do a ceTtain amount of mischief. But we are going on with our Progressive and Liberal policy, and in regard to this rating of land values and all that it means to our urban populations, we are determined that we will break down this iron girdle of land monopoly which has been such an evil to the town dwellers of this country." (Applause.) Referring to the work of the Government in Ireland Mr. Crosfield said Warrington people would hear more of that shortly because a man who was well qualified to talk about it was, he was happy to say, going to visit them. He (Mr. Crosfield) thought he had better take the opportunity when he met Mr. Birrell in Switerland, and perhaps he had to thank Mrs. Birrell for a little bit of friendly influence. Her husband was one of the hardest worked men in the House of Commons and he (Mr. Crosfield) hardly liked to press him to come to Warrington to speak. However, he had been good enough to offer to do so and he would be able to tell them something about Ireland.(Applause.) A more sympathetic, capable or broader-minded man he (Mr. Crosfield) had never met in all his political career. The Government had done something for

IRELAND already. They abolished the Coercion Act and gave grants of £l2O to £l5O to reinstated tenants. They had passed the Labourers' Cottages and Seed Potatoes Acts and they had done a little to make the battle of life easier for the very poor people who lived in Ireland. If one went to the West of Ireland, that part especially which John Morley used to call the broad fringe of wretchedness, it was rather a sad spectacle, and he really did not envy those people who only treated and always had treated Ireland as a joke or as an excuse for party tactics. It was something more serioug than that and he was glad they had so fine a man as Mr. Birrell in charge of affairs there. (Applause.) May I, proceeded Mr. Crosfield, refer to the general principle for whisk we are striving and tha efforts we are making to enforce the great objects we have in view ?—the objects of 4iving the fairest chance we can to all the people in this country, the determination that we have not to leave everything to pure individualism and luck, as Mr. Herbert Spencer in years gone by urged us to do, but that while we give all the liberty that is possible to the individual to use his special capacities and oppor- tunities we will let the State interfereas far as is necessary to give those

EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES to all our people. lam sorry to say there is a danger that in years to come this progressive programme—and it is a very progressive programme indeed that lies before us—may be checked perhaps for a d.ecade, perhaps for two decades, if a number of good but timid people in the country are frightened by another kind of gospel which is being preached very widely—a gospel which means in its real application the destruction of family life and a great cieal more which will never be tolerated in this country, and which is not toler- ated even in other countries where it would have a better chance. I will ask friends of mine—and I have good friends too who are communists—to consider, those who want to apply this gospel of communism—l use that word deliberately because, after all, they say there are 300 different kinds of Socialism—(laughter)— so that that word is apt to be just a little bit mis- leading—l ask those who want the real article, communism, to consider what has been tried in other countries ; because this is nothing new. There are countries in Europe where the conditions may not be as miserable as those I have described in India, but where they are very, very bad. Go to Italy. Go into Naples and look at the conditions of life there. Squalor and misery everywhere. A man earns 15 pence a day and he is not badly off in Naples. I have not travelled in Russia but I know a great deal by hearsay of the conditions there. I have seen some of the conditions in the Balkan Peninsular and under Turkish rule' and they are appalling. You would think that the doctrine of communism and a general dividing up of what there is to divide would succeed there if anywhere. And it does up to a point, You get communism making a certain amount of progress for instance in Italy, and you get a good deal of political power there, but only up to a point. It does not succeed even there and when you come to Britain it has no chance of doing anything whatever, except frightening a number of quiet, easy- going people away from change of any description, because if you give them the choice between this whole- sale gospel that is preached in certain quarters and re- action, they will choose reaction. Let us hope we shall have nothing so unhappy and unfortunate as that.We have bad a great deal of reaction. We have had a long spell of very reactionary, very selfish and very mischievous government. We have hand plenty of

PANDERING TO THE INTERESTS

of the privileged few and we don't want that any more. (Hear, hear.) Ido not often indulge in talk about levelling—l do not believe in it—but if you ask me frankly, I know perfectly well that the very wealthy people of this country, while they nave had to face a certain amount of graduated taxation, will have to face more, and why should they object to it? I cannot see it, and I consider that is one of the cardinal principles that we Liberals have got to reckon with. I do not think it is the most important and I do not like to put it first. No, equality of opportunity is better. Therefore I do not lay stress on the fact that there will be, and in my judgment there certainly ought to be, some further graduation of taxation, so as to put more of the burden on the shoulders of those who can bear it best, because that comes automatically. If you deal with the taxa- tion of ground values as you will have to do, it is a step in that direction, and what a crying shame it is that that question and a great many others have not been dealt with long before. (Hear, hear.) We are .twenty years in arrears with these reforms. We are a long way behind even the colonies in some respects, and won't it be a great pity if the forces of progress are ever divided up by the

t

RATHER RECKLESS AND THOUGHTLESS PROPIGANDA which the bulk of our community in England cannot accept? I ill give you an instance of how little the most elementary problems have been thought out by our extreme communistic friends. I mot two very capable ones in London and I said" You will admit that in your communistic community art would still be a civilising and elevating influence for the whole people ?" "Oh yes, it would " was the reply. I said " To begin with, you have old Labby 'saying we don't want any more poets, that we have got enough if people would only read them. (Laughter.) I don't think he would say the same of pictures. But let as take pictures. There are many people who think they are artists. Some of them are, and some are daubers. (Laughter.) How are you going to discrimin- ate between the two ? Herr Bebel has told us it is to be decided what every man shall do. You cannot have any freedom of choice of occupation. How are you going to settle whether a man can be an artist or not ?" " Well, by a committee "was the answer. I asked how many there would be on the committee, and they said they thought five. (Laughter.) I continued " There are artists and artists. Some are good, some are bad, and some are indifferent. How are you going to settle their remuneration? Are you going to put a Turner on the same level as a house painter? (Laughter.) Who is to settle it ?" They hesitated a bit and then said " The Committee." So you have a committee which is ' going to settle the quality of their work and I suppose ' how long they have got to work and whether they may work at all. (Laughter.) The same, of course, would apply to musicians. There are many other aspects of a , real communistic state which are not new to me. I read all this twenty years ago. It is a question which has interested rile very much and a long time since. Without going into the extraordinary positions that you get into if you really try to follow this thing out to a finish, take the most elementary problems. They won't bear a moment's investigation. Therefore by all means let us

===== 0002601_19071102_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,wo!wv

===== 0002601_19071102_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCESSIBLE TO'THE WORKING CLASSES-

and to those who had not the opportunities to travel distances to_play other games, bowls, par excellence was convenient, for it was almost at their own doors. It was a game which promoted good fellowship, and helped to keep them all in goodcondition, good humour and in proper trim both for work and play. Therefore he was sure that the more they could do to help on the game the better. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19071102_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
"KINDRED ASSOCIATIONS."

The PRESIDENT, in proposing this toast, said he would couple with it the name of Mr. Davies, the ex-president of the Yorkshire Association. It seemed a very happy thing that whereas a few centuries back Lancashire was fighting very different battles with . Yorkshire in the days of the Red Rose and the White Rose, nowadays peaceful contests were decided on the playing fields. "My mind travels back " said Mr. Crostield "over many a season at Old Trafford, and many a historic encounter there with the county of Broad Acres. One rememhers those heroes of the bat, George Ulyett and Bates—(applause)—and many another; and some of those wonderful bowlers that Yorkshire has produced—Peel, Peate, who, all things considered, was I think at his best, the finest slow bowler; yes, perhaps the finest bowler who ever lived. And then we shall never forget Yorkshire's popular Captain, Tom Emmet. (Applause.) What a hrfiv.oniat skipper ha waa—(hefir hear)—and what a dodgy, tricky bowler too. I think I see him now tieing my cousin out at Old Traffold with one of his nasty break backs from the leg. I dare say our Yorkshire friends will agree that we have produced some useful men with both bat and ball in Lancashire too. (Cheers.) Who will ever forget that famous combination Ifornby and Barlow, who did noble service to the County through so many many years? And what about Alec Watson with the ball? Surely he, like Shaw and Peate must be reckoned in the very forefront of English bowlers. (Hear, hear.) And then in the field they were rather proud of sqme of the men in cricket annals. ,Their skipper himself was a great man at all points in the field; and then what about Frank Royle and after him Johnny Briggs at cover point? (applause)—and,if 1 may be forgiven one family allusion perhaps some of you here may agree that my cousin,who for a time captained the county, was _himself pretty useful at cover point." (Applause.) Mr. Crosfield con- cluded by saying how proud the members of the Assotiation were to be honoured with the company of so many bowler& from the various counties. (Applause). . Mr. DAVIES suitably responded. DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES.

Before distributing the prizes, Mr. ..,i'ROSFIELD said he had seen many a fine array of prizes, but he thought those before him made about as attractive a display as ever he set eyes on. He cordially congratulated the winners—both clubs and individuals. Mr. Crosfield then handed the handsome silver championship cup, presented by himself, to Mr. W. Manion who received it on behalf of the Pendleton Belmont Club. Each member of the team received a gold medal.

Mr. CROSFIELD said there Were some other little mementos which had been won by a club that was honoured in his own native town. It gave him the greatest possible pleasure to congratulate their friends of the Bull's Head on their success in being the runners- up in that great competition. (Applause). Mr. H. FOGG received the silver medals with gold centres on behalf of the Bull's Head team and said it would not be the fault of the mtmbers if they did not win the cup next year. Mr. CROSFIELD then distributed the prizes gained in the individual merit and other competitions. The•second prize in the second division of the Association Competi- tion was won by the Warrington Cemetery team and Mr. J. Willett accepted it on their behalf.

PRESENTATION TO THE EX-TREASURER. The PRESIDENT then, on behalf of tile Association, presented an illuminated address to Mr. Robert IVilliamson (Didsbury) who resigned the treasurership twelve months ago. He said they all knew Mr. Williamson's record—in .fact he was one of the finest and most distinguished bowlers in the country. There- fore it was fitting that on laving down the burden of his duties as treasurer he should be presented with that address which he would no doubt value as a mark of the high esteem in which he was held by his brother sportsmen. (Applause). Mr. WILLIAMSON briefly returned thanks. DEP UTY PRESIDENT AND VICEPRESIDENTS." The PRESIDENT proposed this toast. He wad sure that in the whole world they would find very few Associations.which covered so great a membership and 'which therefore affected the recreation and happiness of so great a number of people as that Bowling Associa- tion. (Applause.) That enabled one to realise the res- ponsibility that devolved on the shoulders of the deputy president and the vice presidents who could do so much .to maintain the prestige of the Association and the influence of the different clubs, which went to form it. Mr. Crosfield paid'', high tribute to the ability with which these oilice'f§ discharged their duties and said Mr. Coombs was invariably courteous, cheerful and kind hearted to all who came into contact with him. ' (Applause.) ' Mr. COOMBS responded. ' At this stage of the proceedings Mr. Crosfleld left for ' Hoylake and the chair was taken by Mr. Coombs. Other toasts were honoured and a very pleasant evening ' was spent. A NATIONAL BOWLING ASSOCIATION.

An important bowling conference was held in Man- chester on Saturday, representatives attending from amateur acsociations in Lancashire, Yorkshire,Cheshire, Staffordshire, and Warwickshire. The object of the gathering wan to form a British Crown Green Bowling Association, for the purpose of setting up one standard of rules to govern all amateur bowls. Lancashire, Yorkshire, and Cheshire have .already adopted a code, and the, meeting on Saturday unanimously decided to make these universal,and stab] lab a national association. Existin,, rules already governing amateur associations were endorsed, and this means if these are to be carried out, that players will not be able to take part in any open competitions in such contests as the Blackpcol Talbot Green competition. Three representatives from each country are to be included in the woiking com- mittee, with headquarters, for the time being, at Man- chester. Mr. J. M. G. Coo-mbs and Mr. C. Smith were appointed president and hon. secretary and treasurer pro tem. A resolution was also unanimously carried that the president of each county association form the preliminary commitee.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
QUALIFY INDIVIDUALTSM.

Let us recognize that mind and ability are playing, always an increasing part in the world's history, and brute force fortunately less and lesz prominent and powcrful a part than it used to have. Let us be very anxious that the qualification of individualism should go further and that it should be qualified by the development of a more active sense of social duties and social service, which is certainly being awakened in this country and in America and other civilised nations. Politics will do a great deal but when they have done all they can in the future there will remain th:- farce of altruism which will impel good men and women to help to make things better in the world. I feel most strongly and fervently how much we can do on sound and sensible lines to give the nation a better chance, to raise the national physique, to give all men a better chance of happiness, and of happiness in better ways th)n hitherto. We can do all that and we will strive for it. I hope wise counsels will prevail and that we shall not have divided forces in England wrecking the splendid opportunity that there is now in a powerful Govern- ment with an honest, courageous, and thoroughly loyal and cenonscitious chief. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19071102_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Health and Strength Regakied

373, Poulton Road,

I think it is only tight for me .to tell you of the wonderful relief and benalt s‘hich I have ,Thtaired

ES7SE

from Tron-th Tablets. I have been ailing for the last twelve years. I had to undergo an operation and was in hospital for some time. Subsequently I suffered a great deal from indigestion and con-

stiption and from weakness. At tirn2s I would be so :Teak and wretched that, I would fall down from sheer cxh::ot,,ti,,n. 1 Lad no appetite and could get

no nobrolco p

I had come to the point of believing that there was no relief or cure for me when I was advised to take Iron-Ox Tablets. lam very thankful that I heard of your remedy because it has given me such wonderful relief. Both the indigestion and the

constipation have disq)pared. fyappatite is wry I much better. I sleep quietly .and naturally now, 11. In addition to this, your Tablets have toned up my

whole systerepndhavNiunde me very much stronger.

My sister is now taking Iron-Ox Tablets, and has obtained a good deal of benefit from them already. (Signed) E. McCHESNEY.

You have read what Miss McChesney has to say about Iron-Ox Tablets—of the way in which they have cured her of indigestion, constipation, exhaustion, sleeplessness, and loss .of appetite. Her case is one of peculiar interest. She had been ailing for 12 years, and indigestion and constipa- tion were the baEe of her existence, But Iron-Ox Tablets cured her, just as they have done in thousands of other similar cases. If you are troubled with. indigestion, constipation, or any of the accompanying symptoms, you should send without delay to your chemist for Iron-Ox Tablets. Take them regularly, and in a very short time you will be as well and strong as you could wish.

HANDSOME FREE GIFTS.

With each order for one Dress Length of our NEW WYLWYRWELL FABRIC, value 7/6, 8/11, or 9/6, we shall present, absolutely free, a Silver Brooch, Charm, Glove Mirror, Seal, or Hat Pin, all Hall- marked and worth from 1,11 to 2 6 each. HOW TO PROCEED.—Write at once for Patterns and full particulars and select which article you prefer.

Patterns and Price List Post Free (ne:d not be returned).

LUTAS LEATHLEY 84 CO., IA, Wylwyrwell Warehouse, AaMLEY, LEEDS.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
......% r--aFoR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE."

===== 0002601_19071102_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1/1i (56 pills) 1,4 2/9 (168 pills).

===== 0002601_19071102_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
LARGE POSTERS

1 JOHN • WALKER & CO., BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
L , _BIA Ititi,Tholtr. on(

greatest lers' voices our own

ins-room

Doesn't such a fascinating possibility appeal to you P

Then drop a line to-day for "Price Book 20," which gives particulars of our various cylinder and disc models, and our extensive repertoire of records, with description of the special COLUMBIA features which account for the distinctive "true to life" reproduction you always get from a " COLUMBIA." .

COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.. Genl,

• 64 & 66, OXFORD STREET, LONDON, W. GLASGOW 50, Union St. CARDIFF : 96, St. Mary St. MANCHESTER: s, Market St. Dealers Everywhere.

N. 2...:- . . ..-:: • 1 1971.0,- ..,:,,,.:,..:;:-...,:,,',44,.,-._, d Inc 0.------, c - _ ------ , _. _ . t , " v ; , . ' ~., -..

===== 0002601_19071102_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
CURE THE WORST COUGH

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPlONThissuccessfulpo- pular remedy. used in continental Hospitalsby Ricord, Rostanjobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurity of bl ood. spots,blotches,pain &swellingofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischattes, piles, gravel, painsin back, gout,rheumatism,exhaustion, sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3, according to disea,es. Price 2/9 (particulars id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver- stock Road,Hampstead, London,& principal Chemists.

TINS

===== 0002601_19071102_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
RING UP

rELIITiiONg No. 355 Y 0

PRINTING.

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKER & PRINTERS.

BOOKBINDERS.

LITEIOGRAPHER9.

Are replete with all Machinery, Types, ecc., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

===== 0002601_19071102_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
OIRCLAES in the neatest style, from modern type, and of tbe best workmanship.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMME9 for Entertainment, Concerts &c., In the latest artiPtla style.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
SICK' RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIIIION BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
RANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song, Festivals, &o.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
CATALOGUin for Public lnd Private Libreria a Auctioneers and Tradosmen.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
LISI'S Printed on card or piper 111113 trate& if required.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN 'kVA LK KR & CO

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SEUEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS CRICKET FIXTURES.

EVERY DESCRIPTION OF PRINTIN

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDELES AND CATALOGUES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, AINVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, PAMPHLETS, TIME BooKs, ' MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SHEETS,

EXEOUTED AT SHORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

Attention is invited to our NIsW FOUNTS OF TYPE! and WOOD LETTKR tor Large Posters.

FOR ALL KINDS OF BRAT POSTERS EXTRA LARGE SIM

40 a 60 One Sheet. WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS

IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING.

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

"EXAMINER" OFFICE.

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON:

===== 0002601_19071102_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor a guarantee of good faith. Our Slums. Sir,—As the President of the Property Owners' Association in his address saddled the dwellers in " slum areas" with having created them, may I draw his attention to conditions which he will on reflection perceive they are not in any way responsible for : Houses crowded together. Lack of daylight and sunlight. Lick of sufficient airspace. Lack of sanitary arrangements and common decencies of civilzation. Lack of paving in courts, alleys and passages creating accumulations of filth, vermin and disease. May I also add that as the dwellers are not consulted with regard to their birthplace and as many are born where the above conditions prevail—if fortunate to survive—which many do not,then perforce they have for some years to accept their unfortunate position in life. As a rule being handicaped at the start in the race of life, they are unable to rise above these conditions, and those who are born in "slums generally remain slum dwellers. The President will perhaps pardon me for further adding that all the sophristics of human speech will fail to remove the above conditions. What is needed is that all ratepayers should assist those members of the Council who are desirous of removing the "plague spots " from our midst, and those who are most capable of rendering the assistance are the property owners-- Yours faithfully,

E. ENGLAND

===== 0002601_19071102_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
Junior Liberals.

Dear Sir,—Permit me through the medium of your valuable paper to take this opportunity of pointing out to any young men in Warrington and neighbouring Parliamentary Divisions who are desirous of binding themselves together for the study of political questions and for active co-operation on behalf of Liberalism that full information and every assistance for enabling them to make a start can be obtained from the Lanca- shire and Cheshire Young Liberals Association. The branches affiliated to this Association are carrying out in Lancashire exactly the same work on behalf of the Liberal party that the League of Young Liberals, have carried out in London. Young Liberal branches are actively at work in Manchester, Stockport, Bolton Oldham, Livarpool, Warrington, and many other Lanca- shire towns. Since it is of such paramount importance that the present Government should be strongly supported in the determined struggle they have entered upon with the House of Lords, we strongly appeal to all young and active men to start and develop facilities for enabl- ing young Liberals to take part in this coming campaign. For any further inforarution apply F. GODWIN LLOYD.

October 30th, 1907. - Hon. Sec. L. and C. Young Liberals Association. 12, Stockport-road, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON TRAIN TRAGEDY. WARRINGTO?T-CiRPORITI9N OFFICALS' SUICIDE.

SERIOUS IRREGULARITIES IN ACCOUNTS. London, Thursday. An inquest on the body of Harold Peel Brierley, who was found dead in a lavatory compartment of a London and North-Western Railway train at Euston yesterday, was held by Deputy Coroner Shroederat the St. Pancras Coroner's Court to-day, Mr. E. Aubrey White,solicitor of Warrington,appeared to reprcsent the relatives, and the Borough Surveyor was also pre3ent. Evidence of identification was given by deceased's brother, Mr. Stanley Bryan Brierley, a designer and traveller in the cabinet trade. Deceased, he said, was confidential clerk to the Borough Surveyor of Warring- ton. He was 30 years old and married, living with his wife at Rose Cottage, Stretton, near Warrington. The Coroner : She is not here ?—No. Did she know of the inquest ?—Yes. Witness continued that his brother had been in his late position rather more than eight years. He was not a qualified surveyor. Witness last saw his brother alive last Thursday evening. He appeared well then. The Coroner: Was he a sober man ?—Yes. Temperate in all his habits.—Quite. Did he confide to you that he had any trouble ?—No. Following upon that have you received any communi- cation from him ?—No. Have you seen his wife since ?—Yes. And has she received any communication from him ? No.

_ You feel quite satisfied if she had she would have informed you of the fact ?—I am certain of it. Witness said he next heard of him on Tuesday when he heard he was missing from Warrington. Was any cause assigned ?-1 only heard the rumour that he was in trouble. What was the nature of the trouble ?—Money. Since his absence have you 'found that the rumour has any foundation ?—I am afraid it has. Do you know it ?—I don't know it authoritatively. Have you any reason to doubt it ?—No. Have you heard him threaten to take his life ? Never. George Richardson, one of the railway company's coach makers spoke to being sent to the "train to open the lavatory compartment door, which was bolted, early on Wednesday morning but before he could do so he saw the body of a man lying on the floor. Assistance was obtained and the body removed. Arthur Plagg foreman of the carriage department got through the wiudow to the deceased, and found beside him the usnal drinking glass with some white sediment in it. The man was quite dead. Ernest Savage, a train searcher, said the particular carriage in which deceased was in arrived at 4.20 on Tuesday afternoon. He could not be quite sure whether or not he searched this particular compartment. He certainly did not look in this compartment which was -known as a "dummy." It would become a " dummy "from Rugby to London. You cannot tell me then whether the deceased was in the carriage or not when the train arrived ?—I cannot. George William Peacock, a shunter, explained that " dummy " meant the t•vo compartments nearest the engine. From Warrington to Rugby there would have been carriages in front of this one. Robert Hurt, the guard of the train from Carlisle could not recognise deceased as having boarded the train at Warrington, though he could have entered the compartment in which he was found then, as it was not a "dummy "until it reached Rugby. Foreman ticket-collector Riff, at Willesden did not hear nor see anyone in the compartment. Deceased had on him a ticket for Warrington to Euston. , Dr. Maughat, who was called to the siding on which the train had been shunted on Wednesday morning, said deceased was lying face downwards against the door. His head was jammed down on to his chest. He had been dead 13 or 20 hours and an odour of the oil of bitter almonds was noticeable. Out of his pocket the police- sergeant who was with the doctor took a blue bottle in which were still about five drops. The label was that of a Warr'ngton chemist, ani was marked "poison." The cause of death was prussic acid poisoning, of which far more than a minimum fatal dose of 45 drops had been taken. Mr. E.Aubrey White (who represented the relatives) went into the box and said he had not been consulted lately. He also produced the bottle of the chemist, Ili. Ashton, of Sankey-street, Warrington, in which the poison was obtained was stated to be " dog-poisoning." Police-Sergeant Sharkall said he found on deceased among other things £l3 in gold and a cheque book. The Borough Surveyor of Warrington, Mr. Thomas Longdin was also called. Deceased had been with him nearly nine years, he said, and during that time had given every satisfaction. Up till last Tuesday morning he had done his work promptly. Witness saw him in the office then, and it was his opinion that he had left immediately after. Due of his duties was to enter up from the yard book all accounts for work done for the various committees and priva,e individuals into the Borough Surveyor's cash book. No suspicion was aroused until last week, when certain irregularities were found. It is evident that he must have had something on his mind—something which had proved to be that he was wrong in his accounts. Certain monies he had had which had not been accounted for to the Borough Treasurer. The Coroner : What is the amount ?—I cannot possibly tell, but I think it is considerable. It might amount to two or three hunndred pounds. Are you satisfied that that money had come to the hands of the deceased ?—Perfectly. Mr. Longdin added that not the slightest suspicion had been aroused in respect of the deceased. The most implicit confidence wes placed in him. No action was . taken by the Borough authorities until the Tuesday evening when a warrant was obtained. Mr. Longdin also expressed the sympathy of the authorities with Mr.Brierley's wife, mother and other relatives. Mr. Stanley Brierley, recalled, said he could in no way account for the irregularities mentioned. So far as he knew his brother did not indulge in betting, and he knew of nothing that should bring him to London. The jury returned a verdict of " Suicide when of unsound mind," and added a rider recommending that all carriages should he searched before they were turned Into " dummy "carriages.

COMMF:RCAL FAlLVRES.—According to " Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of commercial i failures recorded n England and Wales during the week, ending Friday, October 25th, was 184, viz.:— New bankruptcy proceedings published in the" London Gazette," 92 ; deeds of arrangement registered, 92. The i respective numbers n the corresponding week of last year were : Bankruptcies, 85 ; deeds of arrangement, 85—total 170, being an increase of 14. The total number of commercial failures recorded during the 43 weeks of the present year is 6,377 ; the total number recorded in the corresponding 43 weeks of last year was sh3wlog a decrease of 512.1

===== 0002601_19071102_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19071102_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

liMilm..-_

===== 0002601_19071102_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIALISM.

MR. J. HOWES' VIGOROUS CRITICISM. "A Curse to The Workingman."

The question of Socialism was debated at a meeting of the Warrington Progressive Labour League held at the Liberal Club on Tuesday evening. Mr. J. Elwell presided over a fair attendance which included several Socialists. Mr. J. MORTON introduced the question. He said he had not heard of anyone yet who had defined Socialism in a way that it could not be questioned—in fact Mr. Blatchford was apt to publish about a column of defini- tions which he found in various dictionaries. The fact was that Socialism iucluded a very large area of idealism. According to some people, Socialism was almost anything that made for progress on lines with which we had become familar in modern times, whereas on the other hand the extremist ideas included the doing away with family ties and touched the question of religion. Between the two there was room for any number of definitions, and each man could form his own idea of what the future social organization should be and have his own definition of Socialism. An oft-repeated formula was that Socialists believed in the nationalisation of the means of production, distribution and exchange. Socialists believed that a better social organisation was bound to come and so did Liberals, but they did not know—it was quite likely Socialists thought they knew and were mistaken—how it was really coming about. Mr. Morton then combatted the idea that evolution would naturally lead to Socialism and said that evolution in society as well as elsewhere was dependent on the exertions of individuals and the introduction of innovations. Dealing with municipal- isation he contended that the greater the extent to which it was carried the greater would be the liability to corruption. It was a great mistake to assume that by municipalising industries they were gradually purchasing out the capitalist. The greater municipal- isation spread and the cheaper the living could be made, the greater the number of capital industries would become and he saw no possible chance of eventually taking all from the capitalists and running the whole concern by the State. Socialists had an idea that Socialism was coming in one parti- cular direction and they were looking for the attainment of their ideas on those lines, and naturally their minds were closed to the adoption of any new idea. On the olher hand, the essential feature of Liberalism was that they had an open mind to receive new ideas and suggestions which might spread through the Liberal party until they became first class purty measures: The chief feature of Socialism was that they had formed an idea of a future state and endeavoured to work out their salvation on lines which they believed would attain that object. He maintained that no man and no body of men had any right to lay down for themselves an ideal state of that kind and endeavour to attain it. They had only to look upon the past to see the futility of any such procedure. Mr. Morton pointed out that the Socialism advocated by Fourrier about a century ago was a system of barrack life, and when that scheme was planned its supporters could have no idea of what the conditions of life would be to-day. We in our day had no more right than they had to form any idea of what might be the state of society a hundred years hence. The principle of social evolution was to improve stage by stage and leave the future to work out its own ideas.

A discussion followed in which the general feeling appeared to he that some of the objects which Socialists sought to attain were reasonable, but that the system as a whole was undesirable and impracticable. One speaker took up the cudgels on behalf of Socialism and urged that the man without an ideal was of no use. If the people did not abolish competition, the trusts would do it for them. The Socialist ideal was the nationalisation of the means of production, distribution and exchange, but they did not want to reach it in a day. They did not advocate revolution. Their methods were evolution. The CILIIRMAN agreed that it was good to have an ideal, but no man had a right to force his ideal on to other people. Socialists said that as soon as they had ' got a majority they would force everyone te accept their ideal. Advanced thought was not Socialism; it was Radicalism. Socialism did not give an opportunity for advanced thought, but would say, "Now we have attained perfection, and we are going to stop." How could there he any advancing when the Government held the means of production and distribution? Who was to be the judge as to whether an invention was of benefit or not ? If there was going to be no capital how could a man bring his invention to perfection? The more they studied Socialism the more they were convinced of its impossibility.

Mr. J. HowEs said he contended that Socialism was impossible, and that it would be the greatest detriment to the progress of the workingman if it were possible. Socialism, if it could be carried out, would curse the workingclasses of this country to a much greater extent than the worst phases of the present state. Under Socialism the Government was to control everything. In the most advanced State the people would have to elect a Government and it would control the means of production and distribution. All the great industries with all their complexities were somehow or other to be handed over to the Government. What a lively time the Government would have. (Laughter.) Every agency in the country would be presided over by a Government official, and there would thus be an enormous amount of officialism. The Government would rim all the work- shops ; therefore the people would work for the Government and every .vorkshop in the country would be a Government workshop presided over by an official. If one of the workmen offended an official and got the sack, where would he have to go for a job? There was no other workshop in the country; it was all the Government. Under the present system a man discharged from Government or muni- cipal employment could obtain work under a private employer, but under Socialism he must starve or go into another country where Socialism did not obtain. Nianicipalisation was not Socialism at all. It was the development of Radicalism which gave over to the governing bodies control of certain general things which they could best work, leaving to individual enterprise and exertion multitudes of things which the Corporation could not best do. Socialism was totally opposed to that. It wanted to abolish individual enter- prise and hand over everything. A gigantic monopoly would thus be establishad. Socialist writPrs told us that under a Socialistic State all able-bodied people would be required to work and also that they would have to work where their labour was most required. Therefore if a man who was a carpenter married a weaver, the Government inspector might decide that the husband Wa3 wanted at London and the wife at Preston. A VOICE: There would be no work for married women under Socialism. Mr. HowEs : Socialist writers say that all able- bodied people are to work. The INTERRUPTER: All able-bodied men. Oar programme includes the raising of the age at which children can work and the abolition of female labour.

Mr. HOWES : That would be an improvement on the present writings of Socialism,hut if that were so all the males would have to work where their labour was required. Therefore the father might be required in Birmingham and the son in London and the Government inspector would order them to go. There is no security for home life at all. Your own writers tell you that home life must go by default. Continuing he said that in the book " Merrie England" they were given an illustration of twenty workingmen's homes in a street, with twenty workingmen's wives cooking twenty dinners and the writer said What a waste of time and energy! How much better they would do it in a barracks where one cooks for the lot." Socialism must essentially be a barrack life and break up domestic arrangements. How would it be possible in a great empire like this for the Government to control all the means of production and distribution. What would they do with inventive genius? All the inventions had sprung from the working classes but it would be impossible under Socialism for the inventive genius of the working classes to receive encouragement, because they would have to submit their ideas to the Government Inspector. It would be such a state of slavery that no- one would endure it. There could be no empire under a Socialistic state ; it must narrow down to some little community. As soon as they got a divergence of opinion they smashed it. He opposed Socialism because it would be the greatest curse that ever came to the workingman, because it would kill the home life and destroy all domestic ties, and because it was anti- religious in the most thorough sense. It dealt only with creating a huge monopoly, and handing it over to Government officials. The curse would be so great that the workingmen would protest against it and smash it down in less than twelve months. (Applause.) After further discussion Mr. MORTON replied and said Liberalism had brought about the improvements we had to-day. Kier Hardie himself had said that Liberalism made the Labour party possible. Municipalised industries were not Socialism and never could be, as they were carried on in individualistic interests. The capitalist benefited from them in the same proportion as he did in private industries. The effort to attain ideals on the wrong lines tended to to divert energy from the right path and to retard pro- gress: The trust system instead of doing _away with competition was carrying it to extremes. He admitted that railway nationalisation had been achieved in some countries but they bad pretty much the same state of affairs that we bad, aud the same amount or even moro poverty. - -

A VICE: What about the conditions of the railway workers themselves?

Mr. Howes: They are lower.

Mr. MORTON contended that municipalised industries contributed chiefly to the benefit of the wealthy classes, just as if they were individualistic enterprises.

Great Camar's Ghost! poor wasted frame That once full vigour did possess, Can't be a man in else but name. His cough has brought him such distress. The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure; Oh! ne'er say die, but take a drink Of Wood' Great Peppermint Cure.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, November 2, 1907.

F and had some conversation with the Chief Constable with reference to the matter. The Chief Constable sat in the Ceroner's Court the whole of the time the I adjourned inquest was held. Then when the Coroner was coming out of his room the Chief Constable came into the corridor and stood there expecting the Coroner would probably have something to say to him. He (Alderman Tinnion) went up and spoke to the Coroner, who referred to the treatment he got at Warrington as altogether different from that he received in other parts of Lancashire. He got better accommodation here than elsewhere. The Coroner walked past the Chief Constable —whether he saw him or not he (Alderman Tinnion) did not know, as Mr. Nicholls' back was turned to him. However' the fact remained that the Chief Constable endeavoured to have an interview with him to give an explanation. The Coroner thought fit to exercise his great powers of hearing whom he liked, and so far as the Chief Constable was concerned it was no fault of his that a full explanation was not given, either in the Coroner's Court or privately. The minutes were unanimously adopted.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

"THE GRIP OF IRON." This popular drama, presented by Mr. E. H. Knight's Company, has attracted large audiences to the Royal Court Theatre this week. The great feature is Mr. Fred Powell's thrilling conception of "Simmorfet, the strangler "-- a part which he has played nearly 6,000 times. A remarkably clever actor, he is the life and soul of the piece, and the many highly dramatic scenes in which he figures hold the audience spell-bound. Mr. Powell is supported by a very capable com- pany. Mr. Herbert Lewis, as Lonstalot, "the smiler" is responsible for most of the humour and all the other parts are well sustained. The play is elaborately mounted, the drawing room scene in the last act presenting a strikingly beautiful picture. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME. "SWEET NANCY." The proprietors are to be congratulated upon having arranged for the visit next week of Miss Annie Hughes and her company in "Sweet Nancy" a comedy in three acts by Robert Buchanan. Miss Hughes is one of the leading actresses of the day. She has had a long experience of the stage and has played many parts, with Sir Henry Jrving, Mr. 13eeibohm Tree, Sir Charles Wyndham, in fact, with every leading actor and actor-manager in London. She has written several plays. dramatised " Lorna Doone " and produced it; "Bleak House" and not produced it ; also " Vanity Fair " (this has been produced). She has written stories for papers, and is a member of the Lyceum Club (the only actress who is). She has shown dogs, and taken many prizes. One dog presented to her by her Majesty the Queen, accompanies her on many of her journeys. Miss Hughes' chief impersonations are : " Little Lord Fauntleroy " '(the original), "Sweet Nancy," and "A Bit of old Chelsea " (the famous flower girl success), MISS ANNI_ _UGHES. while she played with Sir Henry Irving in " Waterloo "the first time he played it and the last. Miss Annie Hughes and Company are this week at the Theatre Royal, Manchester. A new play in one act from her pen—entitled "Alter many years "—will precede " Sweet Nancy " every evening at the Royal Court Theatre next week.

-,4,... • .....,,.•,-..,,,,,-.4, ~.„.-......, ~, ..,..„.„ 1i..,, ,'L4' -4-0.:V..4t.;.---',*;2i-:•'..:.7--•':.;''''-;4;1:1°--`4.4' .' -87 ' --. 4-.-• •.- - •• :..c".;...-.'" ~i 0.7 .7, ,--',;- :1.5....11,4-4-k4,4-• 4.V. .:,..J., 't - - -1, -4. ,'7:,-,-,=,- • -,- ..-*Ak*,97...,..-:. r.;('' 4.';'-- ' , - ' ~,--.1._--f', kg.,.... ..4,1,_,,:' ..-.-.-., :.,..-,f,r;---.:'. . -, ' --,. i•At;-.' ''.- - ~, ',..''.'F- 4' • ~--,.-'5.z",..5.,''. -' . ....- --: : t..- '-. , ' -.. -,;.-'l3,w .' ,A= ,e'jA-`,..v•-' ..._.:: , ,-.--..--'4-T"'''.., -:.,: :A.,:, - f.:-..---....-.-- 7 :.,..'..,:::.7.-,...--;,'''' !. - • 4i.' 1- i"...--'', -'7,..',.„,;...,, - ----,.% -....,-.4-=';',:.,..k..,-;,-,,,,,i--x.71- ~..,1-,..,4,,,,,,,, ••,-- -':-!k'• ::: '...-:.: --l'ii•;isi.'---,;-; 7 ~'-' ...-2,2 -'''-''''-'4:41! ' --.',. 1,---NriiCo- :," ..,- .-- •- . -'''.4::.- 1:. -*z--*...),'-: ~,-,i f 1-1 -,-.iij'':t:•-;,i:.-:'.,x'::,:•...,.,- 47. • , -.-': ~,'.F:.-4 'Z--.,?-i,--,, :,'1•':;-4-. - . ,`47,.. %.A.--:" -.7 '-...:-:•.2 ,:14':.,. - - ~..or' ..rktf,._.• "rAA''...,,,,,,i :•-,:-.,.Z-,---:1; --.-:,i,1!---.4.7:-.--..,',/ - " ..-,--- 0t?3„..,:,- :.‘,,i.._,,:-.--:-.„.,-..„..-,.,-.:,,,,,4::....,_, ~,,-.,-.44,:.:,,me„,.t..., t,:•:,.,,,,,.',.-,-,-,.---,-:,..,,,,,,z-_,.•.,c.,i•i,-...--,-••',, Tf.„.,4.,-‘7... -.•-,,::.,;.---..4,-,-..,t-p4," ~,,- -::,:.4:,--- ~.-_,:-.--.:7;..,,-4...,..-„,,,.,,..,. , ._,,,,,.f:,,:..-,,,,,,"..,, ,-.,_,,..-- ~,,7,,;.?,:,,,i.f?, - 17...,,,:;:ri '.. , - ~,.• .1-..,:i..." ...,'1:, 7,, .., za.- • . -.7-!'- -,:, ; , . .:.,.,,-4,. _';.M. 4.-4;..,,:: ~r-.47ii:ifi,:*;.'. --: . ~ • - -,..z:.....,-,i1,....T_ , ',-"::. ''''..,4.(4.0Y, k 0.---,..;;Z:V4',.';.:.ei,*5 .•:--;,:V7..7.,.;,7-?-',174..':;',-24.C.:-,.:-.0,A...•'‘.-.4;• ':i., ---'i- •-.., .r.,:tti-,:-:1...,.k.,,,,..::.e.,,,. :,:-:,..,".`...,..-;-,1,.*,....,,,,,,--7....--;._,1:1:;;„:1.-.--:,-..:'-----;. -.;,-..-:.,.-izt-4.;---ozkf,•.--mi •i•-•:,,zi?i,..-..,1-4'...-:.,P.,.:::-.. -.",',:-.-',-.,-,-,---- : • '-‘,..:7:45-,,,._---,.,t1:-._..--;,ti-.:-, ~.:-.7...: 4•-zi‘.;'' ~:'--!'.,--$..-&.'44:v.--,-1,-,4.:_. - .•..0 -r:. '---..,;,:,,,,,,- ---V.Mi'l[-„--. 44.--,..,:,--,-,:;;:4r-v-1,-".,---.,.7.,"-';.";z;..---..k„--0:#-., i ..:.-.,4,,,.,,,,.‘• ,- ~ -,,,t,...4.-r.--, .-....;.,,,,,..4.--,-.--,..-..... •, . ... -.- ..• ~.4 .. -,5t0.,...*: -,..,....,,,--- ..,- .. -,•.. , . : . . . ;45.-.?.., - ..... - •-•,-, , --.-- . 4 .7,.. : -7.-:;. ~. ''- .- ' - '.. '''. ''' `,".'•'. - -,,,,--..,"„, „...., - - , --. 'c. ..-- . - -.- • -,. ~ -.- .7', •,• -1: •,-, -f•.-.- '-• , ' ~- 4 ;.' ...: • • ' -4.: •:, . •'' '. : ,:.:9i'i'.,.-,-.: ..::: ' ' -'4.b,t,_,,-1-;',r`i.:. ,:- - • • ' '., - . .: : . ''''.•:, t.' •*,.: ' - :.. ''': .':::, ', ?'4'.:; ; -..:1111;:', --;.1-'1::;.':, ': ''''k , • . ' . . 7-, .;..:. iL'.,,,i;t'..l::'. v4;:i-i:':,..., . ...'..-,,,„,----1-----. --' --. '. : • ....: :-.:' .-.;, -)*--4e-: : ..;':'''.;•.'-',1:::' •.. : :4' 2.--'.':7;;;;'ti ';',-'.'il;:".:4's:,%.:'',..::if' '''''., -,i,:;---7:i : :'.• ; .4:-..:'1,,iii.---,..jit'."' ;',::.0!-..;,-.*-:,,ilr ~..i:445!,,,fr;p' --Vk:::- 44;,+'...;.- iftf,,-1.:..4-V, '11.,...: ";-;:''.'"a'f,'::„.,••;‘,,..- .--",k,„:74.:.:, 'S .E H -

===== 0002601_19071102_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
CHIEF CONSTABLE VINDICATED.

SUGGESTED APOLOGY FROM THE CORONER.

Manslaughter Charge Fails.

At the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday, Catherine !Kelly, 21, Morris's Court, against whom a verdict of manslaughter was returned by a Coroner's jury on October 18th in respect to the death of her thirteen months-old child, John Kelly, was brought before Messrs. H. Roberts (in the chair), W. Richardson, and C. Jackson-Holmes, on the charge that she feloniously did kill and slay the said child. The Deputy Town Clerk (Mr. A. T. Hallavi-ay) prosecuted for the police. The facts of the case were again fully gone into. Dr. Peacocke said he considered the treatment the child received hastened its death. The Chairman : Would the result of your post- mortem justify the opinion that the death of the child was quite consistent with the disease itself, apart from any other consideration? Dr. Peacocke : Yes. _

The Chairman: Apart from any knowledge you had previously of the neglect of the death of the child? Dr. Peacocke : Quite so. Dr. Harold Joseph said the child was dying when admitted to the Union Hospital. He gave a certificate that death was due to inanition and exhaustion.—ln answer to the Deputy Town Clerk, he said it was quite possible for the child to have died without any neglect at all. The Bench retired to consider the evidence, and after a brief absence, the Chairman. said: "We have con- sidered the case very carefully, and we are unanimously of opinion that the evidence is not sufficient to justify finding that there is a prima-facie case made out for manslaughter. We are also equally of opinion that the action of the society, of the police, and yourself (Mr. Hallaway) is perfectly correct in every particular, and it is a case which should have been, as it has been, fully investigated."

THE BENCH AND THE CORONER. STRONG REMARKS.

"Now the case has been disposed of," continued Mr. Roberts, "I wish to put a question to the Chief Constable. I understand this is the case to which refer- ence was made a short time ago by the Coroner, and in your absence he made some rather strong remarks to the effect that he should ask you to be present, or insist on your being present, at the adjourned inquest to explain some act of omission or commission on your part." The Chief Constable : This is the case, sir. The Chairman: Did you present yourself at the adjourned inquest for the purpose of giving the inforrua- tron that the Coroner previously said he should require from you? The Chief Constable : I was here, sir. The Chairman: Did you ask for permission to speak? The Chief Constable : I wrote to the Coroner asking him to give me an interview prior to the proceedings, but he replied to say that he thought no good ptirpose would be served.

The Chairman : Then so far as you were concerned you were practically denied by the Coroner an oppor- tunity of clearing yourself from the suggestions con- tained in his remarks at the opening of the inquest? The Chief Constable: Well, in the absence of the Coroner, I should not like to say that, sir. The Chairman: I only want to know the facts. The Chief Constable: One can only draw one's own conclusions, but in the absence of the Coroner it would hardly be proper for me to say I was denied. The Chairman: At any rate you had no opportunity? The Chief Constable: No, sir. , The Deputy Town Clerk: I think the Chief Con- stable is placed in rather an invidious position to-day in theabsence of Mr. Brighouse. But I must say this —and I think it is in common fairness to the Chief Constable—that it ought to be generally known that when the Corporation read the ex-cathedra utterances that had been made at the inquest they naturally felt very much hurt, and properly so. In fact, it was a most grave accusation, and one which made the Cor- poration think that there might be something in what had been said. If that were so it would be impossible for them to have any trust in Mr. Nicholls again, for he had been guilty of this suggested sin oeomision. In that case he was not fit to occupy the very respon- sible position which he now holds, and the Watch Committee went into the matter very carefully. After the fullest consideration of it they have passed a resolution expressing their entire confidence and satis- faction at the manner in which the Chief Constable has acted throughout in this case. I am sure the Chief Constable will be grateful to you for the expression which has fallen from your lips. The Chairman : Our feeling is this: The Chief Constable, of course, is one of the particular executive officers of the town, and we felt at the moment that unless the suggestions contained in the Coroner's remarks could be cleared up that naturally the Chief Constable, who has only just been appointed, would not have secured as promptly as we should like him to have secured, the confidence and regard of the populace of Warrington generally. We are extremely glad to know that the Watch Committee have felt it their duty to investigate the matter thoroughly, and are perfectly satisfied with his conduct. To make the whole thing complete, I would suggest that an apology is due from the Coroner to the Chief Constable for his remarks. Mr. C. Jackson Holmes: I quite agree. THE COUNCIL AND THE CHIEF CONSTABLE.

RESOLUTION OF APPROVAL. At a meeting of the Town Council on Tuesday even- ing, it was reported that the Watch Committee had resolved at their meeting on October 24th that—" The attention of this committee having been called to criticism by the Coroner for this district of the action of the Chief Constable in not reporting to him the death of a child named John Kelly, which death was duly certified by a medical practitioner, and the committee having heard the facts from the Chief Constable, it was resolved that this committee place on record an expres- sion of their entire approval of the action taken by the Chief Constable in connection with the same." When the adoption of these minutes had been moved, Councillor Lord said he would like to know if it was a fact that the Coroner refused the Chief Constable an opportunity of giving an explanation in the Court where the Coroner spoke so disrespectfully of him. He understood the Chief Constable attended the adjourned inquiry and wanted an opportunity of defending himself. The Mayor said the matter was thoroughly gone into that morning at the Borough Police Court, and the report would be in the newspapers. He repudiated any idea that the Chief Constable was to blame at all. The Chairman of the Bench that morning said that the Coroner ought to apologize to the Chief Constable. (Hear, hear.) Councillor Pemberton said what Councillor Lord asked was : "Is it true thatlhe Chief Constable asked, and was refused by the Caoner, to give an explana- tion."

The Mayor : It is not quite true, but the Chief Constable was there prepared to give an explanation if required.

Alderman Tinnion said he was present at the inquiry,

===== 0002601_19071102_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
,- THE MAYOR THANKED.

CLOSE OF A SUCCESSFUL YEAR'S

WORK.

Tuesday evening's meeting of the Warrington Town Council was the last for the municipal year, and at the close Alder man Pierpoint moved :—" That the best thanks of this Council be presented to James Smethurst, Esq., J.P., for the satisfactory manner in which he has discharged the responsible duties devolv- ing upon him as Mayor and Chief Magistrate of the Borough during his year of office, and for the unvary- ing courtesy and impartiality displayed by him when presiding over the deliberations of the Council, and iii his intercourse with its members." He said th-re was not one word of praise embodied in the resolution that was in excess of the deserts of Alderman Smethurst, who had discharged the varied respon- sibilities of the office not only to the satisfaction of the Council but also to the satisfaction of the rate- payers whom they were all supposed to represent. (A voice : "Supposed ? " and laughter.) Since his appointment his whole desire had been to carry out the duties of his high office with impartiality and care. His constant wish had been to facilitate the manifold labours of the various officials of the Cor- poration by daily attendance at the Town Hall, and by close supervision of the proceedings of the Com- mittees to keep himself informed of the government of the town. In addition to all these admirable qualities he had been gentle and courteous in manner —not only to the members of the Council but to every official from the highest to the most humble. For all he bad done they now desired to thank him in no half-hearted manner, but with a measure of their gratitude heaped up and filled to overflowing. (Applauße.) Alderman BENNETT said he had much pleasure in seconding the resolution. He had had more than one opportunity of expressing his feelings towards the Mayor, and he had said many times that if he (the speaker) had any claim at all on the gratitude of his fellow-townsmen it was this—that at his suggestion Alderman Smethurst was made Mayor. He had never regretted having made the suggestion, as it had been justified from first to last, and he was sure that in saying that he expressed the opinions of the whole of the people of Warrington. A kindly reference was also made to the Mayoress. Everything he had said about the Mayor also applied to Mrs. Smethurst, who had rendered her husband valuable assistance in the dis- charge of his duties. (Applause.) His Worship had also been well supported by the members of his family. (Hear, hear.) Councillor EVANS said he was pleased that Alderman Bennett had referred to the Mayoress. In performing public duties a great deal of the work of a man—success or failure—depended upon the attitude his wife took on public questions generally, and he thoroughly believed the Mayoress had done all she could during , the year of office now terminating to make it as pleasant and as successful as possible. (Applause.) With regard to the Mayor, he felt personally indebted to him for the manner in which he had conducted the business of the town generally, and for the many services he had rendered in the interests of the public. He was one of the deputation appointed to ask the Mayor to accept office, and he did not regret the appointment, but looked upon it with a great deal of satisfaction. He hoped the Mayor's life would long be spared to them. (Applause.) Councillor PEMBERTON on behalf of the party with which he was associated, endorsed all that had been said. I They had been treated fairly, he said, and had always had the opportunity of expressing their views since the present Mayor had taken the chair. Councillor Dr. JOSEPH, as the seconder of Alderman Bennett's proposal that Alderman Smethurst should be made Mayor, said it would not be complete unless he i entered into the cordiality of the occasion. He agreed with every word said. Councillor CRAM said on behalf of the party he represented—the independent party—which consisted of Councillor Toole and himself—(laughter)—he thanked the Mayor for the services he had rendered. Alderman ! Smethurst had fulfilled all their expectations, and more ; than that, and he hoped he would have good health to continue the office for another year. Councillor TOOLE, on behalf of the Catholics, said he had pleasure in supporting the resolution. The Mayor had always been willing and ready to lend a helping hand for the betterment of any object that appealed to him in the town.

Alderman PIERPOINT heartily endorsed all that had been said about the Mayoress. The resolution was carried, amidst applause. The MAYOR expressed his thanks for the cOrdial and kind way in which the members had supported him in the chair. If he had been the King, they could not have benn more gentlemanly towards him than they had been—(hear,hear)—and no man's heart was more full of thankfulness than his. He had tried, with God's bless- ing he hoped, to be successful in doing his duty to the Council and to the Borough. (Hear, hear.) He heartily thanked them on behalf of his wife and family, how had taken the greatest interest in the work, and especi- ally had the Mayoress tried to fulfil her position. The Mayoress last week went through an amount of anxiety which he scarcely thought was possible. Her labours were enormous, and she was now in bed recovering from the great strain. He was sure when he told her of their appreciative remarks she would be greatly cheered. He wished to thank the Town Clerk, who had guided him successfully through the office; the Borough Surveyor, the Borough Treasurer, the Chief Constable, and especially the Magistrates' Clerk for their help during the year. He (the Mayor) believed his decision to hold office was given largely through the help the Magistrates' Clerk promised to give him on the Bench. "I heartily thank you," said the Mayor, in conclusion, "for the way in which you have supported me in this chair, and I can only say I have tried to do my duty." (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19071102_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

By " Ovalist."

Warrington missed a fine opportunity of running well up for the Lancashire Cup. on Saturday. They certdinly to have won at Leigh, and thus quali- fied for the semi-finals. Judging by the draw War- rington would have had Broughton as opponents, which would have been a repetition of last year's history witit, I think, a different result.

The draw for the semi-finals is as follows Salford v. Oldham. Leigh v. Broughton Rangers. To be played on November 111th.

The reason Warrington did not win at Leigh CM Saturday was that they missed easy chances to score, whereas Leigh took what few opportunities came their way. It was not the case that the better team won by any means, for Warrington were a long way the superior side and ought really to have won by about 20 clear points. I never saw them attack so persistently and - fail so often at the critical moment. Isherwood himself dropped two passes which should have resulted in easy tries, but there was an excuse for his unsteadiness, in the mental anxiety he doubtless suffered. lam sure readers of this column will deeply sympathise with him in the bereavement which has E.:ince befallen Isherwood in the death of his brother.

Warrington were eight points ahead in the first quarter of an hour and looked like winning with ease. But a sad piece of bungling gave Leigh five points, and this coupled with a penalty goal quite put them on their feet again. The fatal error was made when Molyneux kicked high over the goal, and the Warring- ton men stood looking at one another while a towns- man in Gallop sc,)red a try for Leigh. There was a crowd of Warrington players behind the goal, and they had ample time to make the ball dead. A really smart try for Leigh just before the interval put them 2 points ahead.

On resuming Warrington had what advantage there was in wind and slope, and soon penned Leigh on the line. The attack was conducted with energy and skill and after Heath and Thomas had narrowly failed to score, Lees made a beautiful opening which Isher- wood had the mortification to miss almost on the line. Further passing was similarly bungled a moment later and the Leigh men nipping in quickly changed defence into attack and a long dribble resulted in another try of the soft variety. This was one of the two occasions only on which Leigh entered the Warrington quarter after half-time!

There was still time to win the game though Warrington were now five points behind. A desperate attack was kept up and Jenkins raced over, but Thomas missed a simple goal shot. Two penalties came Warrington's way also, but though he took every care, Thomas could not get the ball over the bar. In the last five minutes Warrington won, for Kenyon ran over smartly, but the referee negatived the point, thus making one of many mistakes from which both sides suffered during the afternoon. Warrington were certainly unfortunate but they brought most of the trouble on their heads themsel-c-es.

High praise is due to the Warrington forwards,who again fairly outplayed their opponents—a somewhat lighter set. Behind, Tilley kept a perfect " goal " and never once dropped. the wet ball or failed to return with power and accuracy. Dickenson, too, played a characteristic Cup-tie game and if his old partner had been in the usual steady vein, Warrington must have had an easy victory. Jenkins and Lees played well together, and the first named showed some of the form. which won him such high praise last season. Neither of the wings was a great success, though opportunities were scarce on Saturday. Leigh played very keenly but are only a poor side. Whittaker was about the best. of the backs, and Wiustanley (a forward) did excellent work in the centre after the iaterval.

On Monday Warrington managed to capture a couple of League points at the expense of Barrow. A very weak team was Put in the field, seeing that such men as Fish, Isherwood, Brooks, Taylor and Hock-enhall were all absentees. The Furness men fancied they had rather a " sweet thing " on. but they had under-estimated the strength of the Warrington reserves. Up to half time they made a close fight and were only a point behind, but in the second half the Warrington men quite over-ran them and won in the end by 5 tries to 1 goal. Thomas was again" off "as a goal-kicker and could not find the target on a single occasion.

Warrington fulfil a League engagement at Salford to-day and I am afraid they will come away pointless. Salford will be at full strength and on present form should be rather too good for Warrington's weakened forces. If Lomas were absent I should have good hopes of the Warrington men, for Weaste is a ground on which they generally give a good exhibition,except in such minor events as Cup-finals.

The Warrington team will be : Tilley, full back; Jordan, Cartwright, Dickenson and Kenyon, three- quarters; Lees and Jenkins hair-backs; Boardman, Thomas, Heath, Shugars, Harmer and Be:ton, forwards.

Brooks will be playing fqr Lancashire against York_ shire at Halifax. Fish has been suspended for a fort_ night for misconduct, and want of attention to train ing. He will have to reform if he wishes to make the acquaintance of the "All Blacks."

The latter went to St. Helens, the birthplace of their late premier, on Wednesday and easily defeated the Saints before a crewd of 7,000. The sc)re was 26-5, but the home lot should have done better with the opportunities they had. Still there was no mistaking the cleverness of the tourists. They passed through Warrington at 1.30 yesterday en route to Merthyr,whom they expect to comfortably demolish to-day.

Warrington " A" will be at home to SaHod "A" in a Combination match and ought to win. Taylor will make a welcome re-appearance, and the selected side is : Hewitt, full back ; Harrison, Lloyd, Taylor, and Harris, three-quarters ; Daintith and Tinkler, half backs; Forster, Swift, Jolley, B)ardman, Holbrook, and Bradshaw, forwards.

THE NEW ZEALANDERS' RECORD. The New Zealander.? record to date is as follows : For. Against. Opponents. G. T. I'TS. G. T. PfS. Bramley Httddersfield Widnes 4 6 26 ... 1 3 11 Broughton Rangers Wakefield Trinity 1 1 5 ... 1 1 5 Leeds St. Helens

229 129 ... 911 51

===== 0002601_19071102_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

LIBERAL CLUB. —The other evening the final of a billiard handicap took piece at the above club. The tiro opponents were Messrs Harold Chatham and Smith- Tunstall, both being scratch men, who treated the spectators to an exciting game. Mr. Chatham was the leader until about 90 Mr. Tunstall took up the lead and won by the small margin of five points. There were four prizes, the firAt being a splendid cue in case presented to the club by Messrs. Burroughs and Watts. The other gentlemen who won prizes were: 2, H. Cheetham ; 3, Frederick Dale ; I,Arthur Dewlehouse. The member- ship of the club has also improved which speaks well for the democratic cause at this corner of the Newton division.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
FATAL COLLIERY EXPLOSION.

An explosion occurred at the North Seaton Pit, Northumberland, late on Friday night, causing the death of a man named Vardy, aged 23, and seriously injuring William Gregory, aged 45. rile two men were working together a considerable distance from each other when the accident occurred. Vardy, who was killed outright, was only married six weeks ago.

For Bronchial Coughs take Wools' Great Peppermint LIPTON, LTD.—The Warrants for the Interim Cure. If 1, 2/9.—Advt. Dividend on the Ordinary Shares have been posted.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. LYTTLETON AT WARRINGTON.

Socialism Denounced.

A mass meeting promoted by the Warrington Con- servative Association was held in the Parr Hall on Thursday evening, the principal speaker being the Right Hon. Alfred Lyttleton, M.P. There was a large attendance, Sir Gilbert Greenall presiding. The CHA.IRMA.N said it was their determination to win back the seat from the Radical party who had succeeded for a time by misrepresentation and vague promises. Warrington always had been a Tory borough and he thought everyone in the town knew that it was really and honestly a Conservative borough to-day. The Hon. A. LYrTLETON, who was cordially received, said he had heard that in the North of England—and not only in the North, but throughout England at the present time—Socialism was making headway, was propagating its issues, anl putting forth a propaganda with the greatest possible energy. (Hear, hear.) He proposed, therefore, to examine what really Socialism was—(hear, hear)—and, if possible, to endeavour to examine it with candour, and to show his hearers in what respects it failed. (Hear, hear.) What was the foundation upon which

===== 0002601_19071102_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIALISM

as he understood it, was based? In 1891, at Norwich, the Trades Unions Congress passed a resolution to the effect that, in its opinion, there ought to be nationalisa- tion of land and all the instruments of production, distribution, and exchange. Some men in high places supported that resolution, but he thought they would , repent of that support. That resolution he took to be the meaning of Socialism as it existed in England at the present moment. The basal foundation of it was la hatred and a horror of capital. (Applause.) Capital was in the eyes of Socialists, something which exploited labour, which gave labonr merely that which was sufficient to keep it alive, and which arrested all the other productivity of labour. Another main tenet of Socialists at the present time was that manual labour was alone the source of wealth, and had alone to be considered. Brains, however, he (Mr. Lyttelton) contended had a right to their , remuneration as well as hands. (Applause.) The late Duke of Argyll was perfectly right when he said ef James Watt, the inventor of the steam engine, that the brain of Watt was the biggest source of the wages fund that he could think of in the world. (Hear, hear.) IBraincraft as well as handcraft deserved its reward as conducing to the progress of the race. (Hear, hear.) It was idle of those who tpheld the Socialistic faith to say that manual labour was alone the source and origin of wealth. Another fundamental fallacy of Socialism was that it ignored the plain facts of human nature. It .would, divest men of their strongest motive to industry. If they said to many a man that no matter whether he worked or not somebody would work, and he would enjoy part of the proceeds, he would turn away from those employments which really went to the root of the Iprosperity of the country, would become a sybarite, a loafer, and willing to live upon those who he knew perhaps might work for him. The result of dividing the instrnments of production, distribution, and of exchange equally among all people would be that that which they had to divide would become immensely smaller in a very short time. They would make a mis- take If they denied to many who held Socialistic opinions the tribute which they must pay to high aspirations and for a generous disposition towards the poor and the miserable. (Elear, hear.) Many of those who advocated Socialism, however soft their heads might be, their hearts were in the right ploce. There were, however' many Socialists who con- stituted the driving force of the party who held \opinions both with regard to religion and morals which would be destructive of human society. The doctrines of Socialism preached at every street corner demanded attention, and demanded theix reason. They had to give the reasons, as Conservatives, for the faith that was in them, and to endeavour to drive those who held such opinions from the attitude they had taken up, for those opinions were demoralis- ing to those who at present held property. What was to be desired was that those who owned property should deal with it generously, but when the existence even of that for which they had laboured was threatened the natural disposition of the owner of property in the presence of such doctrines was to make him think it was desirable to keep what he had for himself and his family while he might. Nothing could be more disastrous to a community, and it was for that reason he had troubled the meeting at such a length upon the topic. The history of their party in the past showed they had in the past had the perception to recognise the great

===== 0002601_19071102_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
PROBLEMS Olt SOCIAL POVERTY

and to deal withthem. More thansixty years ago Lord Beaconsfield. in his great novel" Sybil,' presented the social ills of this country in a manner which must have burned itself into the recollection of any who had read it. Throughout his life Lord Beaconsfield was an adherent of social reform. No one painted with more vividness the sufferings of the poor; no one addressed himself with more wisdom to the remedy, and that had buou followed up by Lord Sandbar)? ana Mr. Balfour, and last but not least, by Mr. Chamberlain. (Applause.) The reforms which these great men had put into force might well fall into the category of those recommended by Mr. John Morley last week in a great speech on India, when he said : "Be reformers, but be slow reformers. Have indomitable patience, but above all be firm." When they thought of the great reforms of the Conservative party, of the laws which freed ethe com- binations of labour in this country, of the workmen's compensation in dangerous trades, of the factory laws, of free education, or artisans' dwellings, and of public health acts, they would recognise that the history of the Unionist party had been one with respect to social reform of which no-one who belonged to that party need be ashamed. (Applause.) When they heard people say "We are all iocialists nowadays, wise.men meant that when the ground had been thoroughly well explored, and the future assured of such undertakings as he had mentiotied, that then was the time for the community to come in and buy on fair terms from the pioneers the private individuals and private companies who ha4d borne the heat and racket of the day, to be used thereafter for the benefit of the community, those industries and opportunities -which were really pushed forward by the existence and the prosperity of the community. (Applause.) There was a necessity in all those cases, unfortunately, as there was in most cases in life, for money. He did not think that anybody who studied the present system of taxa- tion would believe that much more could be laid either upon the upper or the middle classes than at present existed. The Unionist party, whilst desirous above all things of pushing forward with caution social reform, admitted to itself that there would be necessary for such social reform some broadening of the

PASTS OF PRESENT TAXATION. (Applause.) It was hardly possible to conceive that without tariff reform of some kind or another that that which was absolutely certain to come would be able to be paiJ for. (Applause.) The desire of the Unionist party—with some dissentients whom they must reason with, and as to whom he would never be a party to driving them out—the desire of the Unionist party as a whole, was to adjust the Customs of this country in such a manner as to bring, at any rate, the foreigner into partnership with us in some of the burdens we had to bear. (Applause.) It was the aim of the Unionist party. in the first place not to neglect the several reforms of which ho had spoken, to make employment less precarious and less uncertain than at present, and to derive some part of the burdens of the taxpayers from those foreign nations which enjoyed the immense advantage of our markets. It was part of the same system to recognise aud take means for securing the commercial unity of those splendid and growing States (the Colonies), without whose custom, even at the present momeni, we should be far less well off than we are, and with whose aid in the future, freely given under a system of preference, we would undoubtedly maintain, and more than maintain the position of pre-eminence which we once held in the commercial world. (Applause.) He believed that those great objects were worthy of the aspirations of a great party ; they were worthy of their strongest endeavour and sacrifices. As such he commended them to his hearers, without a doubt that they would feel that a party which had that policy was one worth belonging to and in whose future they might believe and have full confidence. (Applause.) On the motion of Mr. W. P. RYLANDS seconded by Mr. ALLAN SYKES (prospective candidate for the Knutsford Division) and supported by Mr. R. PIER- POINT, a resolution was passed conveying thanks to Mr. Lyttleton for his speech, and expressing unshaken eon- lidence in the Unionist leaders.

===== 0002601_19071102_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

WESLEY Guir.D.—On Monday evening Mr. Davey- Smith of Warrington gave a lecture to the members of the above Guild on Moody, the late American Evangelsst, who visited this country along with Sankey some sears ago, with such marked effect. Mr. Davey. Smith's lecture proved highly interestinr, and instruc- tive and was much appreciated. The Rev. W. Mellor occupied the chair. There was an exceptionally large attendance of members. PA DG ATE WE.LEYAN CHURCII.—In connection with this Church special services were held in aid of the Choir Funds. In the morning tne Rev. E. J. Gawne preached, and in the evening the Rev. W. Mellor, both preachers' discourses being highly appreciated. The choir. which had been augmented for the day, sang srecial anthems, the service throughout being musical, 'right and cheerful. There were good congregations both morning and evening.

SWAMP- Is not recommended for everything, but if you have kidney, liver or ROOT. bladder trouble, it will be found just the remedy you need. A Chemists in Is. lA. and 2s. 3d. sizes. You may have a sample bottle of this wonderful new discovery by post free, aiso pamphlet telling all about it. Dr. Kilmer & Co., Dept. 329, Temple Chambers, London, E.C.

MMMA

•-vira

===== 0002601_19071102_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
I

STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS. Latest Quotations. BANE RATE 5%. SETTLING DAY OCTOBER 30TH AND NOVEMBER 14TH 1907. OFFICIAL CLOSING PRICES—FRIDAY NOOS• Amount Prices NAME OF COMPANY. Paid up. this dal. BRITISH FUNDS. Consols 2% 100 ...82i 2% Annuities 100 .00 24% Annuities 100 ...81 /srt. War Loan 21% Red 1910 lOO ...97i Local Loans Stock 1912 lOO ...95 Bank of England Stock lOO —269 , India Stock lOO 99

-u BANKS. Bank of Liverpool 121 ...36i Lancashire and Yorkshire 10 —341 London and County 20 -.92 London and Westminster 90 .511 Manchester and County .. .. l7 _. 53 Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...47i Parrs 90 . 841 Union of London 151 ...351 Union of Manchester ll -.251 Williams Deacons 8 _241 HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian " 100 ...841 Glasgow & S.-W Prof. Ord 100 -.58 , Great Central Deferred 100 ..101 Great Central Preferred lOO —2Ol , Great Eastern lOO ..63 Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO _34 Great Western lOO ...1161- Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 ...93 London, Brighton & South Coast - 100 _93 London Chatham and Dover lOO —lOl London and North-Western ion _135 London and South-Western lOO .132 Methropolitan lOO .321 Midland Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...58 Do. Prof. Convd. Ord. lOO ...61 North British lOO 28 _ North Eastern Consols lOO 132 North Staffordshire . .100 ...90i South Eastorn lOO -.651 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific lOO ...156 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO _l9 Do. Guaranteed 100 _.98 Do. Ist Pref. lOO .115 Do. 2nd Pref. lOO —lO6 , Do. 3rd Pref lOO .65 TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Anglo American Telegraph Ord ...100 ...521 Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO _lO7 do. Def. Ord. lOO ...107 do. Ist Pref. 6% lO -111 0 do. . 2nd Pref. Minimum 6% Nat. relephone 31% Deb. Stock - 100 _O6 TRAMWAYS. Blackpool & Fleetw'd Tramroad lO ...12 British Electric Traction Ord. lO -.21 Southport Tramways 5 -.31 SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord. lO _2O/6 do. do. do. Perpl. 5% Pref 10 _3O/0 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffe and Gretton 5% Cum. Pref. lOO ...106 Bell and Co. Ord - 10 .101 Bents Brewery Ord, Boddington's Ord lO ...61 Chester's Ord lO ...101 Groves & Whitnal 5% Cum. Pref 10 ...61 Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO ...565 Parker's Burslem Ord. lO -.101 Springwell Ord 6 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 ...9 INDUSTRIALS, Bco Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Cain Pref. 1 ...16/6 Bleachers Asso. 51 Cum. Pref. 1 _2O/0 Boy. Ord. (7% Cum.) 1 -.20/3 Bradford Dyers Ord 1 ...23/3 Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Pref. ... . 1 _2l/0 British Insulated and Helsby Cables Ord 5 „.6.1 British Insulated and Helsby Cables 6% Cum. Pref 5 ...6 .._ Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord. ...51 x4l' Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7% Prof. lO .16 xd Buxton Lime Firms 10 -.61 Calico Printers Ordinary... Castner Kellner Alkali 1 ...25/9 Coats (J. and P.) Ordinary 1 .71 Crosfield (J.) & Sons, 5% Cam Pre. Prof. 10 .10 Crosflelds, 41% Ist Mortgage Irred. Deb. loo —0; Crosfield, 41% 'A ' Deben lOO -.93 English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 .32/9 Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A 10 —Ol v do. do. do. do. B 8 ...7 Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl ..,26/0 Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd. 6% Cum. Pref lO ...12 4% Debs. Red. 100 .95 Hunters the Teamen Ord. 1 -.33/0 Lever Brothers, 5% Cam. Pref. 10 ...104 , .. Lipton Ordinary 1 -.2410 1 u Meldrum Bros., 51% Prof. 1 -.1316 Mond Nickel Co., Ltd., Ord. 1 -.5i16 do. do 7% Cum. Prof. 5 ...6 1. Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cam Pref. 5 _4/ Nantyglo & Blaine 8% Pref. .- 621 -...77 Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 .51 do. do. 6% Cum. Prof. 5 _6l Public Benefit Boot 6% Cum. Pref.s ...45 Perrins Ltd. Ord. 1 ...L76 Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord _33jO Richmond Gas Stove & Meter 6% Cum. Prof. 4 ...6 Salt Union Ordinary United Alkali Ordinary lO —69/9 do. do. 7% Cam. Prof. lO ...11 J. 26 do. do. Deb. lOO ...107 , Vulcan Foundry 1 ...30/6 Ici- Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd.... 7l ...74 do. do. do. do. do. lO 101 Warrington Land & Property Co. Ltd. Ord 1 _l7lB do. do. do B Shares Warrington and District Billpost- ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/6 —l7/6 MINES. British South Africa (Char; 1 ...15/3 Charter Trust and Agency 1 ...8/0 Cons. Goldfield of S.A. 1 ...24 East Rand Proprietary 1 -.31 Hendersons .. 1 AI Johannesburg Consolidated 1 _ 17/0 Kaffirs Consolidated 1 _l9/0 Oceanas 1 ...1310 Rand Mines 5/- _4l Rand fonteins 1 _26/0 itiludeiia Exploration 1 _l6/0 Tanganyika _2l. Transvaal Estates .. - -.8/3 A The by e above list and prices have been compile- re Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunatall and Co., Stook and .Silli aber Brokers, Bewsey aambers, Warrin ic gton, and ," found reliable.

• Services for Sunday. Bold-street Wesleyan Church : morning NMI John Gunnell ; evening 6.30, Rev. Thomas Miller. „„rc, Golborne-street Baptist Church : morning 10.45,10 E. Lloyd Jones ; evening 6.30, Rev. J. F. Matthews. the afternoon at 2, there will be a missionary sell'-d when the preacher will be the Rev. John Vaughan, - Oressa, India. Baptist Church, Latchford : morning 10.30,Rev. u•Ais. Matthews ; evening 6, Rev. J. Vaughan, Oressa, Bewsey-road Wesleyan Churei : morning 10.30, ib.`„,, E. J. Gawne ; evening 6.30, Rev. Sidney Pitt; averilliger subject : Re-action to the eternal or Religion an. social question. afl n Wycliffe Church, Bewsey-street : morning, lu•3 ,-,-,'„ist evening 6.30, Rev. J. Yonge ' • morning subject," loved the Church and gave Himself for it," even' subject," What think ye of Christ ?"

~-;-,,:_,,,,.::,••,..,...„1-...._'-'"..7. T..7:,,.i:..tr:, i,

, . . „ tfr,

===== 0002601_19071102_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
, WYCLIFFE CHURCET, BECVSgY STREET, wARRINCITON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY,. NOVRNIIRR 3RD, 1937. PREACHER: lOW. J YONGR. °Baum SITEJEc'T : )11 AND L 3. " rhriet Lovsn the Church and gave Ey Him Pelf for it." ENTNO SUBJECT : "What think ye of Chriet ?" 111,11;13 n' ; Ts he er v i ,Ordinanceo . n 1 ,

WS EY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVRMI3FR 3rd, 1907. Morning 1n.30. Rev. V. J. GkWNF. Fvening 6.30. Rev. SIDNEY PITT. VENING Elun.re:cr : "The reaction of the eternal, or, Religion and the social estion." 411 welcome. Hymn Books provide.

BAPTIST CHURCH, LATOFIFORD TO-MO7ZROW (3TINDAY) 7,7OVPMBER 3an, :907. outing 1r.30 : JOHN FRANCIS NTATTHPWS. 11"LinW : REV. JOHN VAUGHAN. of Orimi., Tndia. OFFERTORIPS ON lIRHALF OF BAPTIST MISSIONARY SOCIETY.

OLD-Aom PENFION DENIONSItATION. PARR HALL, MONDAY lIVRNING, NOVEMBER 18rir. 8P TA 1C7129 : R. G N. BARNRS, M.P., MR. STRPHRN wALSH, M.P,

'BAPTIST CHURCH., (40LBORN 1.1 STREET TO-MORROW (SyNrAv) NOVEMBER 3rd, 1907. 'mem PREACHER : 10 45. MR. P. LLOYD JONES. uvaNING 6 30. Rev JOHN FRANCI3 MATTHEWS. AFTERNOON 2.30 MISSIONARY SERVICE, Cond noted bv Rev. J. VAMP-lAN (Orissa, Inlia,) COLL POTION IN AID OF MISSIONARY SOCIETY. WEPNEBDAY EVENING SERVICE at 8. RUN,. JOHN FRANCIS MATTHEWS. St*ErntrT " The Christian as a Politician."

pOPIIIAR CoNCERT. Bobo T. SCHOOLTIOO.II TO-NIGHT AT 7.311. :—Tiliss GARNETT BALL, Miss LEICESTER, .:r• PLATT, Mr. GREW7OUGH. VIOLTNIST : Mr. MOSS. ..1175toeurr : Mr. OITORPIRLD. "MISSION • ONE PENNY,'GALLREY TWOPENCE. _ WARRINGTON JUNIOR LIBERAL ASOOI ATION MEETING ON MONDAY EVENING NEXT, NOV. 4TH, zx GREGORY'S CAFE, No. 5, BUTTERMA.RKET ST., AT 7.15, Sun: r The Value and Significance of the Hague Conference." ff. GRAN.

GILBERT AND SULLIVAN'S OPERETTA: "TRIAL BY JURY" (BY PERMISSION OF M. D'OYLY CARTE,) VOCAL AND INSTRUMENTAL ITEMS WILL BE PERFORMED BY MEMBER 4 OF THIS CROSFIRLD CHOIR AND ORCHESTRA. ALSO SELECTIONS BY THE WARRINGTON CONCHRTINA BAND. ON THURSDAY & SATURDAY NOVEMBER 7TH & 9TH, 1907. IN THR MRS'S DINING HALL. DOORS OPEN AT 7.0. TO COMMENOR AT 7.30 T?.M. PRICES OF ADMISSION : le. (Reserved), 6d. and 3d. TICKETS r7AS BR OBTAIFED FROM THE WORKS TIME OFFICF.

ROYAL COURT 'IREATR&, WARRINGTON. XONDAY NEXT, NOV. 4rn AND DURING TH E WEEK MISS ANNIE HUGHES SEpPoRTED BY HER OoMPANY "SWEET NANCY," A COMRLIY t THRN4 acre BY HoRKRY Bi7cifettitc. ....aPt:orn the Lyric Theatre, London. as played before their al, Jetties the King an Queen, p-eceded each evening by "AFTER MANY /EARS," A PLAY IN ONE Acr BY ANNIE HUGHES. b44ISS HUGHES is this week appealing at the Theatre Manchester. .Tirne usual. uu prices as Seats bookel at the Theatre ro rn 11 to 1 daily and from 8 to 9 p.m • During the Winter months the Th3atre is delightfully ... ~arm by the latest improved system of radiators.

KNUTSFORD DIVIsiON LIBSRAL ASSOCIATION. A PUBLIC MBRTING WILL BE BELD ON MONDAY NRXT, NOVI( KRIM 4T77, 213 E LARGR RooM, GRAFFRNHALL, AT 7.30 P.Y. CHAIRMAN c'S ILLIAM LONG, Be(1 TO BE ADDRESSED BY Sill J. RMMOTe BAHLovF. BART., M.P„ AT HON. LADY BARLOW. ....FRRD J. KING. M.P. • I'EQ M P (KturreFoßD .• J3JIPPORTIID BY: 0. JACKSON HOG BSQ. 17ILLIAM PIRRPOINr, Esq. J. P., wILLIA4 ROBRitTS, I.Bg, NATHAN Of .0K R,B@Q., HUB liaT ADREW MATH BONN, WSQ., F. R. ROBERT 3, Reg., -"" OTHERS, ALL ARE CORDIALLY INVITED. JOSEPH mum, Secretiry.

CANADA. BY ALLAN LINF.---"ME ACME OF OCEAN COMPORT IS ATTAINED INTfI PAST TURBINE STEAMERS. SHORTEST AND CHEAPEST ROUTE TO ALL PARTS OF CANADA. & WESTERN STATES. SPRED, Unsurpassed Accommodation Excelien Cu:sine. Details re Work and Wages. SAFETY, Apply ALLANS. 103, LEAnErtHALL STREET. ane "UPORT se, PALL MALL. LONDON; 19, JAMES t TREBT, LIVERPOOL or Local Agents

NOTIiIB TO GAS CONSUMERS, TUE ATTENTION OF GNS CONSUMEES IS CALLED TO THE GAS EXMIBITIoN Now BEING HELD AT ST. JAMES' HALT, MANCHESTER. Among the exhibits are the latett appliances for LIGHT- LNG, HEATING, COOKING and MOTIVE POWI,II. The best makers an firms in the country are showina aPparatus of every description and the Exhibition is well worth a vi sit. 10 The EXhibition is OPEN DAILY FROM II M. UNTIL 1" M. and will remain opan until 9th Nov.mber next. B...ANY PERSON DESIROUS OF ATTENDING may b. ..uPPLIED WITH A COITPON on APPLICATION AT WARRINGTON CORPORATION GAS OFFICES, SRY STREET, which on presentation wit admit the earer at half-price.

WARRINGTON UNiON.-1 he Guardians invite applicatiors for the appointment of O.B3ISTANT 1141E,13 LUNAIIC ATTFNIDANT at the Workhouse. Ealar . 3, £25 per annum, together witls uniform and the „,"41 residi-ntial allowances. Ob;.(417" or applications and particulars ns to duties may be _ Paned by forwarding stamped addressed foolscap envelope t" the Master of the Wall:home, to whom the application roust be made not later than 12 noon on Friday, Nov Bth. By Or'er. J. C. SUTTON. Clerk to the Guardians.

"FINANCE." A CONCISE WEEKLY RECORD OF MA.“CEPS AND PRICES. PUBLISHED BY TUE CENTRAL SIM% FXCHANGE LTD. (ICSTABLIQUED 1893.) 61, CANNON ST.. T.,,,NDON. B.C. 08T rhEE FOR SIX MOVTEIS "0 A PLICANTS NAMING THIS PAPER.

JlY4fts,U Ft I. It FROM HitADAWIE, BILIOUSNESS, INTIT(fIB,TION AND GENERAL DRPRESSION. 14filtin ht‘alth by the use of WALT'S TONTO FILM tlnoVbalmthie forVromen MONRY RETURN 81) if you derive ehefit from them. Of all Chemist, or post paid from TONIC PILL , 153, HIGH RD., WILBURN, LONDON. Prices Is. lid. and 2.1 9(1. per Box. DISINFECT WITH SNO DOI, FLUID AND POWDERS MANY TIME MORE EFFECTIVE THAN CARBOLIC ACID. To be obtained from all Chemists or the Manufacturers— N°WDON SONS & CO., LTD., MILLWALL, E.

PARR HALL, WARRINGT4)N. FOR TWO WERKS ONLY, COMMENCING MONDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER 4rs, 1907. SYDNEY CARTER'S NEW CENTURY PICTURES, UNDER THE DIRECTION OF VRANCIS D. SUNDERLAND. THE GREAT VICTORIA FALLS ON THE ZAMBESI RIvER DISCOVERED BY DR. LIN, INGSTNE IN 1855. CATOR THAT Kln A MODERN DON JN, A REAL SCREAMER. THE OLD ARM CHAIR INTERNATIONAL HORSE SHOW OLYMPIA, LONDON. ALL FOR MATE OF LUCY. NEW PATHETIC STORY PICTURE— DUMB SAGACITY OR, SAVED BY HER PETS. NEW HUMOROUS PICIITESB ! ' EVERY EVENING- AT F. SATURDAY AFTERNOONS AT 3. POPULAR PRICES :—IF. 60., Is., 60., 3D.

MANUFACTURERS. R. J. WARD & SONS, 10, ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHED IEO3. REED BAND INSTRUMENTS AND FITTINGS. CONCERTINA BANDS. Brass Band of 12 Fife and Drum Band of 17 £7 17s. Bugle and Drum Band of 9 ESTIMATES FOR ANY NUMBER OF INSTRUMENTS. MUSIC STANDS Is• ed., 2e. 65., 3e. 65. TO 15s. REPAIRS BF PAPFRIENCED WORKMEN UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ACETYLENE BAND LAMPS. APPLY FOR PARTICULARS.

LEFT-OFF CLOTHING, &c., RoUGHT.—BEST PRICE for parcels forwarded ; if not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGRPAID. Second-hand DREi:S SUITS, MILITARY, THEATRICAL. BAND UNIFORMS, LIVERIES, ARMY TEM S,Sale or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITE' at THIRD COST PRIOR. LkDIES' EVENING DRESSES. 00iTiTMEs, BLOUSES, GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, Ac., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY IROUSERS,SIMITS.BLUOHRRS,WELLINGTONS. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLITI CAPES, GORMAN'S, 326, 328, and 340, Deanegate, Manchester. Estthlished 50 Years. Telephone No 4138.

rrHE I.ORPORATION OF WARRINGToN IS PREPARBD to RHORIVH LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the BOROUGH TREAEURER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

- . TO THE ELECTO4S OF WHIM:CROSS WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN', For the second time within nine months you have done me the honour of electing me as one of your representa- tives on the Town Council. I greatly appreciate the fact that on the second occasion I have been returned unopposed. tly my attention to the duti. s o the office I hope to prove myself worthy of such a marked expres- sion of confidence. I am, Yours faitLfully, JOSEPA HAWTHORN. 27, Lovely-hue, November Ist, 1907.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BIJILDINGs, HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. 2i PER cENr. INTEREST allowel on Deposit Accounts. 2 PEE CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Cheque Bcok. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANACR, WITH FULL PARTICULARS, POST FREE. C. F. IiAVENoCROFr, SPCBETABY

TO THE ELECTORS OF ORFORD WARD. LAPIK9 AND GENTLEmE,r, I beg to tender you my sincere thanks for the confid- ence you have reposed in me as shown by you returning me again'to the Council unopposed. I can assure you that I will do all in my power to merit that confidence and work as I have done iu the past for the best interest 3 at the Ward in particular and the town in general. Again thanking you I remain yours sincerely. JOHN WILKINSON.

IiTAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oz. COVERLETTE TAILS OF -• FROM HAIR FRAMES, j PURE 5/6 FROM 3/6 EACH. I HAIR. T 8 BROWN, 3, LEECH ST (OAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

NURSES! E.7IISES ! ! itilaziES !!! MALE OR FEMALE, ANY ()ASV, ANY DISTANCE, NIGHT OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MALE AND FEMALE NURSES' INSTITUTION, (RSTABLISHED 30 Y mats). HOPE HOUSE, HOP A ST., LITERPOOL. Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams : "Nurses," Liverpool.

MUNICIPAL ELHOTIONS, 1937. TO THE RLECTriIiS OF FAIRFIELD WARP. LADIE3 AND GFNTLFM EN. I desire to tender my sincere thanks to the electors cf Fairfield Ward for returning we unopposed as one of their representatives to the Town Council and to assure them that I shall endeavour to mcrit the trust reposed In n.e by a faithful discharge of the duties involved and by attention to the interests of Fairfield 1/Carci and of the town generally. Your faithfully, JAME 6 T. LOCKER.

1,41,y AGBEIr RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIEL MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE b. ed., 38., tie. 6D., AND Sc. 6D J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour. Local Agent: T. HIMSwORTH, Market Hall, Warrington.

COUNIY BOROUGH tilt WARRINGTON. TO THE ELECTORS OF ST. ACt3TIN'S WARD. LADIES AND a ENV I sincerely thank you for the honour you have con- ferred upon me, in allowing my return to the Town Council it Warrington for the fourth time unopposed. My earliest desire is to carry out the wishes of my con- stituents. and to promote the interests which tend to the benefit of the town generaily. Sincerely thanking you again, I am, tour Obedient Servant. THOMAS BURTON. The Hollies, Liverpoo7-road, Warrington.

A CLi.(IIOE CIGARETTE. SUDLOW' 3 SPECIAL SILK our CIGARETTES. Guaranteed Hand-made from Pule Virginian Tobacco. Ed. per oz., ?J. Ed. per 11b. box. '` UDLOW & T. S C CIGAR MERCHANTS, 15, WINWICK ST', AND 61, BUTTERMARKET ST., WARRINGTON. Tel. 414 Y.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL HINDS, SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS LIABILITY, FiITEG LARY AD FIDELITY GUARAN NH RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE': CO. • CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,003,000 CLAIMS PAID. £5,11)0,000 64, CORNHILL,LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS Warrington VII.. C. J. HOLMES, Bridge St. „ Mr. W.H . RlGBEY,Nesscliffe, Victoria-rd.,Latcbford St Helens Mr.J. B. LEACH, Hardebaw-strect Haydock Sand bach Mr. F. J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

DAM, MELBA., UARUSO, KUBELIK, LAUDEft, ETC., will sin nd play for you at home any time you wish. itt, you require ie a GRAMOPHONE AND RECORDS, and you have then at your command the finest artistes of the world. EVERY RW.'0111) and every type of G RAIIOPHONY, ZONOPIi OISIS.and THOMAS BDION MAC -UN it in stock at JAKE GRAHAM'S, 74). AIN!) 7E, RENSHAW ST., AND 271, PARK RD., Livxliecim.. Tel, pfiX and 431 X Royal. StiND FOR LISTS POST FRB.

PIERPOINT AND Co.. PRIZE MEDAL BAKERY, 125. BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOLD lIREAD. SPECIAL VALUE IN FLOUR. SELF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD TO BRAT.

ggVAL VIRGINAL," Hongaerde, near Brussels. large commodious building, healthy situation. magnificent grounds. solii modern educatfor, ir, painting, terms 21 gnu. ; retere nces required. Kindly mention paper.

1_1010:01,14: ONIGINAL, BENEL.IGT PILLS FOR FISMALIid. In a few days correct all irregularities and remove all obstructions ; also cure Aummia, and cause no Injury; to the married or single are invaluable. By post, uneer cover, for Is. Itd. or 2a. 9d.. from 11. D. IsoßroN klattt Chief Dispenser frcm Birmingham L:ving•ln Hospital Dept. 55 Ast..n road, North, Birmingham. Sold over 40 years,SU PPLIRD DltiliCT ONLY. slsLirOhl EVER FAIL. Ali Ladle., should send for a free sample of Improved aritary Towel, and it.terestinil bocklet post free.

910 OWNICRS OF PhDPerit'lY in Liverpool.—Property 1. repaired at the lovrest charges ; paper found and hung from 6d. per piece; ceilings hitened from 4d. each ; eBtimates free. —JAMES Alcii.EowY, Contractor, 120, Queen's rd. Liverpool.

TTNVUSTORS.—Bquity of 48 substantially built well, I let weeklies. One lot or sepsratel v. Best Lituation round Manchester. Near cars and station, Gross rental £9e2 70. Prioe £2,3oo.—Apply J. SPARROW, Roleston House, Fallowfleld. Manchebrer.

GEDDES'S DANDELION UOFFE E. THE: BIT AND OFIRAPIISI JIVER OFFER/ID TO:71:18 PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS-AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D.,: AND Is. SD., EACH WKOLESALYI, BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON.

F_ - ....... OR SALE —MI those THREN 440P4 situate in Winwick et.. Warrington, end numbered 37. 39. end 41, hurct, tOR at present in the occupation of "drr.qtirrum and Mr. Brock!, ether with building! and stables in the rear. ercy4 annual rent £l'7s 125., inbiPct to an annual chief rent of £2O lie. &I.—Apply S. OWEIfe, 'Notate Agelt, Whines.

-141XAM. IiXPRItTS, all Professions, residential or aorres 112.1 pondenee.—PENNlNT3Trf & TEMPEIT, Tutors, Man cheater. Aavice free.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, The old and tried remedy that stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, A.STHMA, N EURALGIA REFUSE to be put c,ff with a SUBSTITUTE. he original can be h.d of ALL CHF3IISTS if 'you show you are not weak enough to accept an Imitation. COLLIS • BROWNE IS THE NAME; is. lA., 2s. 9cL, 4e. 61. the pricer. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

TTTaHFULD COLLF,GB, BISPH/0.1. Boarding School fnr Girls. Facing sea ; bracing air. Thorough educa- tion. Physical Training. Inc] viva terms. Plincipals, the Wren TRELI',D.

Ai R. FRNRST Pr,feQsnr or 11 A Music, Organist and Choirms.ter of Lit, Paul's Ohnrch, PIANO, ORfIN, THRWIN, HARMONY, COUNTICR- POINT, MUFIOAL FORM Upwards of 100 CertifiNttes and Prizes gained by pupils. Large three-manual organ for prnerice.—For ttrms apply 134, LOVELY LANE and LEGE{ ST.. Warrinitton -VRANKRY HOUSE SCEIOOL, HOY LA KE, eHßSHlßE.—Principals : Mies CHAPMAN and Miss GREEN. Education on beet modern lines. Preparation for Examinations. Resident Foreign Governess. Half term November 4th.

QOUTHPORP MODERN SCEOOL.—AN IDEAL k. SOHOOT. FOR BOYS. First-eais education, good tome. And healthy suirronnclings. Swimm!ng, Gymnasticeo Cadet Company. and Rifle Range. Foreign boys received. Bonallv full. Vroapentns from PRICCIPLL.

QTOCK TON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON HRATH,WARRING-ON (3 minutes from Car Terminus DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL FOE GIRLS, KI NDERGARTHN. PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Laree House, extensive grounds and plating fields. Excellent, Resident Staff and Visiting Masters and Mistresses Great successes in Examinations. Ibe next Term will com- mence on Tuesday, Feptember 17th. PROSPECTUQ, References an Views on application to MIS, PARTINGTON, PRINCIPAL.

YOUNG PEOPLE WHY MISS TOUR OPPORTUNITY? THR CIVIL SERVICE presents to every healthy young rereon a tplenclid chance of a lifelcng position, with a good commencing Wary, an annually iccreasing salary, and a retiring prnsion. AB appointments are gained through open competitive examinations— held usually twice a year. The exarrr. are conducted 'by Government. Tbrre is no favouritism, no influence. • Write to the cecraary-- E PRI 'S COLLEGE, 5, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL, For a Guide to Civil t•ervl Apo. iron:lents—tree. The Colley nrcparcs students in Ccmmerci al sutjects and for the iolloaing examinations (1) PROFR.I.IONAL, (2) MATRICULATION, (3) rxroaD, CAMBRIDGE AND PRECEPTORS' LOCAL, (4) TEACHER.. A PROSPECTUS giving lull information of the above will be seat post free.. Fend exact requirements. _ _

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS OUsii PDS DE LADIES HAVR DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS' FANIOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION AS A BOON 'lO °MANKIND They are the beat known Remedy for Anaemia Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite,Hysteria,Palpitation of the Heart,Debility, Depression. Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Hoare 9d.. Is. lid.. 2s. 9d.45. 6d. and Ils. DR. DAVIVS FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIPAIION CURB. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled rctriedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 7/9, 4/6. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 309 PoRTo9ELLo4IcAD. DILTIII4O HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

WOOL CURTAINS, 3/11, 5/6, 611 to 25/- per Pair. PORTIERE CURTAINS, from 3/9. PORTIERE RODS, 1/11, 1/61, and 1/11 each. WOOL BLANKETS, 9/6, 10/11, 12/6 per Pair and upwards. EIDERDOWNS, full size,'from 12/6. . COA TES, 72, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

Public Benefit Boot Co. Ltd, eolossat SALE Now on.

Surplus Stock of Boots and Shoes offeredj at immense reductions. UNDER THE CLOCKE BRIDGE STREET, Warrington.

PATTISON & PERKINS ARE NOW SHOWING Smart, inexpensive, and up-to-date LADIES' LONG COATS, DRESS SKIRTS, cosTumEs, CHILDREN'S PALETOTS, FURS, &c. 17, Sankey St., Warrington.

SMITH 4S4_ WALKE R ARE NOW SHEWING THEIR CAREFULLY SELECTED STOCK OF NEWEST GOOD S FOR AUTUMN AND WINTER WEAR. AGENT FOR THE N. and C. RAINCOAT. Telephone 382 Y. IVIAIRIIMrr GATE, WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISH EU 1838, RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAHER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Prements, School Prizes, Ac. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS. BOS3EITI, and BURNII-JONES.A.UTOTYPE REPRODUOTIOM OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL. TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A ()HOICK COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVIN(4B.

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO., _ 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES 0111 TO SUPPLY THEM

For OVERCOATS ready to wear, And OVERCOATS to measure, NEW GOODS FOR COMING SEASON. GRAIKO 36, BUTTERM4FAICATIGTSOT4REET,

IOIUVATB LOA/38.-210, repayable 15e. monthly; large I_ amounts in proportion ; dlstAroa no object ; forms free F. RUTLAND, 28, Inglis rd., Croydon.

CANS, private, £lO to £SCO note of band; Furniture I.J Bought, Sales Conducted, Rents Collected. -Apply A T/CTIONICER, 2, Him Grove rd., Barnes.

QOUND INVESTSIRNTB.—Lous arranged with large Corporati, ns and Harbour Boards at 31 and 4 par cent., first-class security.—Aoply J. H. Banaacr.ouGn, F Yeovil, MPORTANT.—The NCRTHERN COUNT(ES HEVER- ] SIONARY CO., LTD. (Incorporated 1875), make Advances to persons entitled to property on the death of aged relatives, or otherwise in expectancy, and upon legacies, funds in Chancery, life interests, awl annuities, and purchase those interests for prompt cash.-=Snsairsos A KEMP, Secretaries, 22. Lord et., Liverpool. . _ Rloto £5,000 ADVANCED by PRIVATK LENDER ON SIMPLE PROMISSORY NOTES. No Bills of Sale taken, and absolute privacy guaranteed. First letter of application receives prompt attention, and Intending borrowers are waited upon by a represen'ative who is empowered to complete trarsaction on terms mutu- ally arranged, NO CHARGE BEING MADE UNLESS BUSINESS ACTUALLY COMPLETED. Special quotations fcr Short Loans. Write in confidence to— MR. T. POLLITT. 30, OLDHAM ROAD, MANCHESTER.

LOANs! T OANS !! Los!!! IT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE TO GIVE US A mum,. ON RECEIPT OF YOUR APPLICATIOE MY lid &HAGER WILL CALL UPON YOU and lend what you require on the following TERMS E 5 10 120.. .repay 122 0 110.. .repay 111 0 I'4o...repay 144 0 LARGRR AMOUNTS IN PROPORTION. FOR PROSPECTUS APPLY 02 WIZITE TO J. JENNINGS, • 4, PARKER ST., WARRINGTON.

4.emw TO £5.000 LENT DAILY, A.e./ LOWEST INrBRIT W IiNGLtND. #.5 loan, hepay 2. weekly. £25 iota, RepAy 10i. weekly £lO „ „ 4s. „ £33 , „ £l5 „ „ 6s. , £53 2ns. £2O „ Bs. „ £lO „ „ 355. No Sureties, no Delay, tr) Publicity. Special attention to applicants from this district. METROPOLITAN.ILOAS & DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRUISSViii)K ST., OXFORD RD. vIANCHRiCkiR ; and at 87, VICTORIA RD„ NuRTIIWICH, 65, BDLISSTON RD. (corner of admru St., OCLEWB, 8, TRIMTHABI fiT., RUNCORN.

•r LHE LONDON & PROVINCIAL !LOAN CO., 461, MARKET STREET, MANCHESTER, • GRANT PROMPT AND PRIVATE ADVANCES ON NOTE OF HAND ALONE, TO HOUSEHOLDERS AND OMER RESPONEIBLE PERSONS AT REASONABLII R VCRS AND WITHOUT PUBLICITY. REPAYMENTS TO SUIT BORROWERS' CONVENIENCE. SPECIAL RATES FOR SHORT PERIODS.

4.4 TO £5,000. W Y ! WIIYN Y! ! def.? sell, pawn or let your friends know that you are short of a little ready cash. We have plenty of money, and are willing to lend you part of it at a very low rate of interest and an ea.y repayment can he arranged according to your income. £5 loan - weekly £lO loan 3/- weekly £4, loan 10/- weekly lirgpr sums in same proportion, other terms as mutually screed upon. Don't Pay 2/6 in the £ for a month. So don't fail to give us a call or write end convince yourself that our terms cannot be beaten.—APPLT To MAUIIIOiI & CO., 31, CAIRO S".. WARRINGTON. MISS CI iTTBRILL. Maracixamaa. N.B,—Rend this earefully, "'hat you cannot understand, we will explain; we mean nothing but honest and straight- forward dealings. I etters promptly attended too.

youß ATTENTION pLEASS. I LEND £5 to £l,OOO to all Classes. I LEND upon Your Own Signature. I LEND Without Bondsmen I LEND Quickly and Reasonably. I LEND the Full Amount Regoirai, I LEND Without Foss or Formalities. T LEND Privately and linnouribly. I AM THII ACTFAL LENDER. For further inform ttion call o. write to J. if EL'TON, 33, CHURCH STRE-kT, LIVERPOOL.

WIDNES. SO. £7. £lO, £2O. MO, .f.,50, £lOO. ADVA M NCES ADE PRIVATELY to TRADES. MEN, FARMBIIS, WORKING:WIN, and all Respect. Us Householders, on their own security, without delay, on our simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DRALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBEIRS, WIDNI34 POOT 07 TIE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER JOHN R. GOODWIN. N.B.—Warrinston and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

OIL AND GAS lINGINRS, new ; also good, sound. second hand from lito 40 brake horse power, for tale, cheap. —DEIVIPdTER. I.s.vgport, Somerset.

STRAM ENGINII, 4 by (Mad wiz.k. on strong A frames, iron hue, stone foundation ; governors' lift and force pump; £S.—ARDRIttr, Broornedge, t.Trnm.

(Tle WOIi'JH YoUu w HILB to BUY YOUR LUBRI- CANIS DihisOr. BbLlAtiOli HIGH-oLASs NON- c(rittiosliv it largest rale in the world. BNGINII OIL, 1114.. LYLINDI.II OIL lltd., MACHINERY OIL, 11}3.. OIL. Fp., GAS F NOIRE OIL, Is. 6d., DYNAMO 011, 1 rA. per gallon ;in barrels, free and carriage paid.— RELIANCS LUBRICATING OIL COMPANY. 19 and 20, Water lane, Great Tower at., London. B.C. Also 99, Great Clyde it., Glasgow; I,6andlalll.Quayside,Newcastle-on-Tyne.

IMPORTANT TO FURNIT(I Kit tekaLIIRS, BROKERS, HOUSIIHs LDIIRI S AND YOUNG PEOPLE ABOUT TO FUhNISH A HOMY. 16 DXYS' ANNUAL CLEIRANON 9 %LE BY AUCTION Without Reserve, of toe Whole af the Manufacturers' Stock of HOUSEHOLD FURa'ITIIIIR, ROYAL COURT SALE- RYLANDS ST., WARRINGTON, WISDNRSDAY, Na V. 6TR, AND FOLLOWING DAYe. Entire stock must be cleared by December, Ist. MB. .1( tilN 31AWYN %%ILL SELL BY Auclias Without Reserve, on the Above and Fohowing dater, these Enormous Stocks of Household Fun:inure, Bedsteads, Bedding, Carpets, Rugs, Oilcloths, I incleum. Fenders, Illenkfts, Bed Clothing, Faunae, Oraars, Glass, China, Ironmongery. fillies and Library Furniture, Clncks, Bronzes, Lace Curtains. tout Ware, & Plated Goo s-.. In order to meet the requisement, of buyers of large or small lots, the goods when convenient will be offer-d singly, leaving the purchasers the oatton if taking any number they may require ; and any articles may be put up for sale on any day at any time they are asked or by intending purchasers. VALUE OF' aTOCK EXWIEDS RB,ICO. Suites of bedeoorn Furniture Pianos and Organs, ranging in oak, mahaaany. and in value from 25 to ICO walnut, by tie best English guineas, by Brinsmead, rankers. Collard end Collard, Frnil Pairs of Washstsncis and Pauer,Westphisla Grahame, D regal it g Tables with Cramer, &c. • Organs by maible slabs & back, swing the noted makers ; Farrand bevel plate toilet classes of and :day. „aalea the latest designs 't finish* Overnsantels with bevelled Cbests of Drawe sln walnut platea, in mahogany. oafs, and mahogany. walnut, Sheraton, & Chip- Sfrehosrds in pendale patterns. walnut end oe.k, Wringing, Washing, and Telescope Dinieet Tables in Mangling Machines. sizes from 6ft. aft ,and 14ft. Sewing Machines by Jones, i'mg's with massive legs and Singer Wheeler and Wilson, loose leaves, in walnut oak, Vertical Feed Co., & other and no a hogavy standard makers. Kitchen Tables. Kitchen Hat Stands and Hall -Stands in walnut, mahogany and KI t c hen Dressers with oak. Hall Chair., &c. saeomore tops. Roll-top Office and Writing Bedroom Cane-bottom Chairs. Desk s. Arredcan and Austrian Bent- Old English Secretaires in wood Chairs. Chit pendele, Sheraton, and rocking and srm Chairs, mahogany. Commode Chairs, to. 1 Taproom Stool., Bentsvcod & Bookcases and Chiffoniers in Pismo Stools. walnut and mahogany. 1 Suites of Dining-room, Draw- Kitchen Fenders & Fireirons. ink-room, Sitting-room, & Brass & Braes-mounted Curbs, Ps riour Furniture, in Fenders, Asispana. Sheraton, Chippendale, Sets of Fire Brasses & Fire antique, and modern styles screens, upholstered in morocco, Linoleum roan, leather, saddle bags Cliclota,Stair & Lobby Cloths, velvet, silk, tapestry, and Squares of Brussels, hair seating Axminster, Oriental, and Cabi net sin mahogany, Tapestry Carpets, from Chippendale, and weintit 3yds. to syds. square. Pier Glasses end Chimney 1,4 00l Rugs, Hearth Rugs, Glasses. Axminster At Oriental Rugs, Briss Bedsteads, French and Door Mats, Arc. Parisian styles. 8-day and 14-day Regulator Iron and Brass Bedsteads. Cl cks. Alarurn , Marble and Wood Bedsteads in .heraton Fancy Clocks. and Chippendale styles also Vases & Ornament., Trinket oak, walnut, & mahogany* Sets, Toilet Ware, &c. Wire Mattresses and Ha r Mattresses. China Tea Sete, Crown Derby, Wool Mattresses & Feather Royal worcester, Mintosi, Bode. Venetian, and Bohemian Wool Flock Beds, Bolsters, Ware. Pillows, to., &c. Quantity of Tablecloths, Bed Occasional iables, Flower I Clothing, Blankets, ssider- Stands, lc. s dawn Quilts, Ma TO BR SOLD WITHOUT lIRSERVE. The above is the largest stock of household Furniture ever offered for Sale by Auction in the district. The stock is valued at over £6,10'. The goods were purchased for the Vendor's usual trade, and will be GUAR ANTHIsD PERFECT in every way unless otherwise described at time of sale. ENTIRII STOCK ILLIUsT BIC CI EARED. Sale by Audi n to commence each day at 2.30 ant 7 p.m. Sale by Private Treaty from 9 a m, to 2 30 p.m. each day. The whole of the stock on view 'MONDAY and TUESDAY, November 4th and sth For further particulars apply to JOHN MAGINN, Royal Court Sala Rooms, Ryleincls St., Warrington.

ROBERT LOW 3, ETA" ''!T, 7CTIfIVP.RfI & VALUIII3 °Mee and ftlerooma : No. I, BANN-STREET WARRINGTON. T.FPITONE, No. 55. CASH ADVANCED ON GoODS DEPOSITED TOR SALE. New end Sf cond-hand Furnitore and other Goods constantly on Sale by Priv-AP Treaty. Inspection invited Furniture, tec., warehoused,

FIVE PRR (TNT. TO TEN Pi 4.1 t CENT. AND L PviefiDS OBTAINABLE FROM CAN '. D; AN MUNICIPAL BONDS, AND OTHER CANADIAN ,LAND INvEsTMENTP.—PARTICULLREI FINN, 9, CA RLT..N VALE, MAIDS VALE. LONDON, W.

CAPITALIST,.—Itequired, Capit.slists with £1,030 and J upwards to form a Limited Company with £25,1?0,) in order to erect a Factory for 't heatrical and Fancy Uostumes, end the like, in Cologne (Germany) Artistic staff engs.ged. Large rranufactoring rrofits proved ; excellent pro.p.:,te ; best reterences. Genuine Investment. For full partic flare apply by l•ttsr to A. Howe & Co., Financill Brokers, 35, Deronda rd Herne Mi., I onrion,

r11414)-WHBRL8l) VAN FON SALF, equal to new; must 1 he sold.—Apply -Pl3ll.cTl's, lower Moss lane, H ulme, Manchester. -

No NiORH PIIIMTGRI" if you nte our patent bands which do not slow tyres for cycles 3s. 3d. each, motor cycles 4s. 9d. each, post free.—G. ALDER, 53, Victoria st., London. •

Ty{ AKR. seat 8 inside, coqdition equal to new, Londln tmitder. price £35 (photo) ; at of brass mounted double hirnPre, flgs.—J. DAUB:EY, The Willows, Plixton, mar Manchester.

InW Lll4llll{S 6 cat. and upwards, Boa Cart. qin. 11 wheels ; 2 new Milk Floats and Butther's Carts ; second-hand nrries. Box Carts, Yarmouth Carts; cheap,— GREEN woon, Market G ound. Stalybridge.

II'CLK. Marvell,us sacrifice ; gent's mew 1907 machine, highest grade Clincher tyres, Crabbe roller lever front and ba,l, rim-brake; very lat. et ; Perry s ball-bearing free- wheel ; plated rim. ; coloured centres; black enamelled and lined frame ; ron.,guards ; rnagnifi2ent machine ; not soiled ; complete, with gas !amp, bell, pump, spanner, etc. ;£4 ss. great bargain ; worth double. Send on approval any distarre before cash sent.—&'. HousF, St. Madge, Pitman-road. W eston-super•Mare.

filtbfral

GOLD:4'N 1)Y for consr'rodinn.—Balloy's Pills : ;1 free efirncles.— B• ILE' ti LTD., 38, Haveleck rd., Hag tinps.

TTNVAIYAB!.k. 011,4 TV LtNIT for -1:111 troubles, or Piles, sample 7iI.—CLEGG, Botanist, Saeltville, Itavensthrope, Yorkehir..

HRADAOI,I4 ANT) FIKURALGIA. rITY " Zimpo, ' never fails. Priv. ls. Id.—WRAY, Chemist I I eminirton

AVM you tried " Hirkrrinn'a Syrup of Camphor " for th-a. cough ? Ilbttles le. lid. and 2.. 9. post free, 117, —WAmvicr: ST., Leamingtou.

F"'.—Persons 19 or Ailing shotill Fend for tlig Key to Health. Hundrels Cured. Unclose et i Tipp. —VALETTA 19, Cannon et., Manchester.

IT) Nth St.tittering, Heritottlnn,pPr,,,mently carPci wHteipshartoplc.c.llluscr:ia—nLooßßEBPoNDENc E SCHOOL FOR Et TA MN! ER F P.P°r

ANEW CIUItIS for Blindness. Cataracts, Films. Speck., &e., without operation. Testimonials, &c., free to all ey. fmffere*e.—T.Filnir:Vr, Rim, wisbeeh.

DISPIIRSHH.—Latest discovery : immediate relief, ripit ve.lous cures.— P.O. for ls. 3(1 to PILE DISPERSER Co., 2, Ulif*on rd . Aston Biros:l:wham.

[STAB. 1250.—Hu1me's • Best Female Pills ' are sotd in EI boxes, le. Id, 2s. 9d. ; extra 4s. Bd. Useful and inetruntive bonkl.t pnet f,Te.-1-frirmrs Chemlet,Nottinieham

Entl,l4 BOOKLICT, it. stamp, on Matrozone treatment ; I. safe tasy aceouchement : marvellous recuperation of mother, bright healthy children.—ViANozotiE Co , North Shields.

4, • A The Standazd of Quality is never lowered in. -- .7'... 'l-',. •X- -0! k I.': ';!sa•C:z4:: 444, , .„.{.,,;....- ,-.. V „.. ~.4.4.,-.p•Ak-5,,,,,,,, -5,,:, .r.-_, ,‘,.,.. ...4„,.--i.....i7..... „, ,-..4. .„0 j. _ . ..„....,,,,, :;' • :.,_,_': :, 's.' '''*flZ'''s S'4,' ..."-''' '*-.:, ,! ... A: , ... P. -kr- ; - 1-",?: ..«., "•• ii. • • , . , . , ' ..A. --'" "4;4 ..,4 ;al.' .3 ~-i• 4:, • • .-.. 'i'-' ' ;... . ...`,:: ..: • ,- ... Z .. ‘5,.-. -:+k. .3. '7l 13).1! ''..; .• :. , ','' , .. •*: tk.,.4-I.:1: 11. At ....,'. ' 4 ' e .: • '1 ..r. .r. ..,,, ~„,... ..... 1.4 - -4.-_,..-0 ALWAYS FIRST-ALWAYS BEST, 82 GOES FARTHEST.

PIANOS & ORGANS Ail the Best Makers. LOWEST TERMS FOR CASH. GENEROUS TERMS FOR EASY PAYMENTS. OLD INSTRUMENTS TAKEN IN EXCHANGE RICHMOND JONES & SONSI- - & 13 BERRY STREET, Top of Bold Street, LAWERPOOL, WRITE OR CALL FOR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE

NORLICK'S MALTEEI MIL IA I IN UUCES • REFRESHING SLEEP. REQUIRES NO COOKING. Samples, 34, Farringdon-rd., LOD( on,E.C.

ri.....: --------:1"...,74E,i4i...77.,,1;EER51DELAL HOME EA LAND , Arrangements have been made with the Shaw, Bevil] & Albion. Co., The New Zealand Shipping Co. and the •-----/.,• ‘—'^ ii Federal Steam Navigation Co., for RE EDUCED " F.11.1:1E0 for 2m). and 3rd Class Passages. At the ' ,ipliudi present time reduced rate passages are limited to Farmers, - e.. present , eft.....xi. Agricultural Labourers, Shepherds, Woos Cutters and ' . .-• --' 'Af ---,, . _. - men approved, to milk take and manage hve stock, who, eif WI ' 1 must rib t them. Domestic (W mn) Servants will be granted passages at the reduced rates _ ------ N., "...„..„_... _ subject to their taking with them not less than £2. For ; = -,: P. .2::.;,..4. application forms and further information apply to the . ...,,v,,i.1„,tA., s High Commissioner for New Zealand, 13, Victoria Street, -.-0".-'s4 Loudon, or the Agents in the United Kingdom of the -•'.! ;60,..• .....1-t•-• ' above Shipping Companies. • - -..<-4-• —...aV..., - ...1'.`,..,. Aiemeeeminlimimmill'immit 1 --

TV in strong respectabie GIRL, about 18, to assist in bouse work ; good borne; state wages.—Apply 92, GABLNER RD.. Prestwich.

WVAN'IIiD, good GIN ILA L,for Farm House, able to wash, good wages given to suitable girl.—Apply Mrs. HOGG, Millbridge Farm, Tarbock. ANTSD, young willing GIRL; one child ; eomfortable home; enclose reference!. and photo. —Mrs. JACKSON, Highgate avenue, FulwoJd, Preston.

WANT ISI ED, at once, First-clabs Finery THOBR3 ; good wages ; constant work. —FAIRFIELD Li.LINDRY Burman at., Higher Openehaw.

GOOD FONY. 12 hands, Harness, and Net Spring Cart ; lot Lb (ct.eap) ; wel!-Itnown worker ; also Bay !glare, 15 band., good worker ; Harness and Spring Cart, lot 10s. ; clearing out.— 8, MORTON ST.. off Tontine et., Blackburn.

SO be Let.

PENKIITH.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9d per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. 65, WASH LANE Mt LL STREET. OFF! OR ground floor. Also upper rooms. 41, NEW ROAD, rent 4s. 9d. per week. Apply ROBERT LoWE, Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War •ington, Tpl,phone—No 55.

r 10 LliT, HOUbR, Knot.ford rd. Beautified throughout. 1 Rent £l7. Apply Js. B. ALDIIIO3, Leigh Villas, GrFippenhall.

910 LicT GOOD [IOUS'S, 1— riler street, rent 355. month clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply WOODS & SON, Solicitors, Warrington.

k ILliStitlla DUCK.- 'HARVEY FOSTER, Moorlinds /A Ca!yes% Derbyshire, has a few breeding pens to dispose of, from his noted winners.

J-19eKkifilat5, Buff Orpington and Partridge Wyandotte, March and April from 3s. 6 ..,....cI3.—MALL mewl, Willow Bank, Moss lane, 'I imperley.

AYLES BURY DU siKS.—HaiivEy FOSTER, Moorlands, Calver, Derbyshire, has a few beeecling pens to dispose of, from his noted winners. PUltil AYLIibBURY. March 1907, immense Ducks 45., 1 Drakes 65., approval. Parent Drake yard Ducks 91b5.—UPSON, hivenhall, ‘Vitham, Essex.

en .'alt, etc.

DUILDING MACHU/ILL, btrgest &. 11. stoo,k Loudon, ever.tttling lowest quotatiou.--A3lO/11.8SON, Wells st., Camberwell.

Pl,Dio.—Quite new, flue tone, marqueterie panels. Cost 28 gualeas. lake 13i guineas.-89, BEWSEY ST., Warrington.

; ZOIMHSS Shaving Powder; inexpensive ; finest %depilatory known ; recipe 63.—MALLots, 7J, Pr ince at.. Bristol.

BA'KtnuPT '1!0(JK hdsornodara brown Fur Dleuklets latest 6tyle. four tails ; 2. 6d. eacti. post free.--/LoYnE, Carlton, Workshop.

ions , t typceticii c e npve.L malt ertiolt, 1., anSi etepaet , fromb OT JA3LE.13.8 RD., Mount, Liverpool. DEVIL Letter Card and Rubber Beetle free to purcbasers of our h. packet comic and novelty postzards.— bILLEN, Waterloo rd., Blackpool.

LADDIS Wliti Tri is; (JULD should write to-Any tor price list Sani,try nud hygienic underwear. —WATriL)Nd, UridetWeiti dpeuiallsta, St. Albans.

ADOUBLE-bIDRD RECORD for your Gramophone, 6.1. direct from factory. tongs and Band selections, bend P.N. DIeC. IiECuRD Co. StockpOrt.

()1/I.Elit+, Whitstable natives. fresh daily, delklious flavour, certified pure, principal Medical Men ; 60 4s , 100 Is., carriage paid.—Jottm FEOT, llatford, Kent.

JJR'S WIiLL Qiir.D for our Free patterns of Dress Materials ; finest Li and cheapeA selection obtainable.—ClLLßLES BENNhTT aua Co., 'lowa Bud, Bromley, Leeds.

MOITINGRANL LACS --SeAutiful Duchess Set consisting 1.1 of Dressing 'labia Cover, 5 !date, clrriage paid. —P.O. is. 9d. JuHINSON, 228, 1110-ston rci., Nottingham. HAND LAUNDIIIES.—New Illustrated Price List latest machines and appliances send foot free.—Write to-day G ,Whitaker Acalemy Works, Huaton, London.

SCOTCH TWHEDS.—Latest shades and designs in new goods patterns free ; all parcels carriage paid. Tkv-lito VALLRY TWP.ED Co., Pattern Departrneht, Hayrick.

100,000 61). WHIT HlintiflTCHHO HAND- PIiLiFEO/. HALF COST6FOR is. 6D. GFIREIN'S, iTANSTED, )1381iX.

ILITARY KNBli BOWS, mart appearance. 7s. 6d. 1 per pair. Naval Knee Boots, very strong, 6s. 6d. per pair. Bluchers, 53. 6d. per pair. /Inv siz•., carriage paid. Cash returned not approved.—H. J. CLissoN, Rye.

AWAY TO INDFCP lifiDHNOlT.'—interesting pamphlet, showing how, without risk, Povernment guaranteed nvestaients of a few p 0 unds bring fortune of several thou- sand pouring, post free. AND Co.,Woodhouse,Sheffield

BARBHD FENCING WIEN in 4-cwt. reels, 24 yards, 7s. per reel ; Pain GalvAn,zerl Wire in 1-cwt. bundles, 7CO yards, 12.. per cwt. Wrought Iron Standtrds, le. 3d. eacb.— (W Dep. BUTLER, Bell Works,Wolverhampton. Established 182 P.

CIGARHTTES direct fromntacturer to conaumer, n3an saving f,O per cent. ; box of 100 Virginia or Turkish : guaranteed fine-A quality hand-made ; 2e. bd. post free, DRAPKIN, 61, Finsbury Pavement, London, H.C. (Please mention paper.)

13ABY LINEN by post, from makers, 60 articles 2. ; ladiet.' underwear ; send ss. or 7s. 641. for one each night, chem, and kniekers ; say if white, unbleached or flannelette require?' ; money returned if not approved. Beal MOND 3z Soy. LTD.. Tiverton,

AVALET wishes to dispose of a gentleman's rnl,.fit West of England Tweed Overcoat, quite new. gauntlet cuffs; Italian cloth lining, best quality, worth £4 45., sacrifice 27e. 64. Rend measurements to save trouble ; approval.-2, LEAMINGTON PARK VILLAS. Acton, London.

ALVANIZHD COMB, a A.TIRD SHMITS, all warrant,cl sound, 3ft,, 91; 4ft., la. ; sft.. ls 3d.; 61t., Is. 6d. ; 7ft., la. ed. ; ft., 24. ; 91t., 2.. sd. ; 10ft., 2. Bd. each ; ridging, 31. per ft. ; spouting, 34d. per ft.—(W. Dep.), BULER, Bell Works, Wolverhampt.n. Bstablishei 1826.

910 FAHMICHS, CULSHAW, Sadler. 3. Copy 1 Nook, Blackburn, has for qulok Sale all kinds of Light and Heavy Harness, also 1,000 sundry lots Bridles, Flames, Saddles, Breezthings, £lll parts Harness, /to. ; 200 Coll4re, all sizes, from 3s. each ; Riding Saddle, 15s. ; New Set Harness, ; Chain nears, 3ns.

R1.1E113141i GOODS and every description of Surgical and Domestic Appliances at ball usual prices ; valuable Information and illustrated list free ; four splendid samples Is., or ten assorted 2s. 6.1. ( worth 51).—W. H. DOREAN Co., Manufacturers, West Norwood, London.

viiTIRH NAILS (Mixed), 80. 6d. per owt, 281bs, 2a. 31.; 'crews, mixed. 28a. per cwt. ?gibs 71. 6(1.; Wire, Out, Wrought, and Malleable Nils. TaJirs, Rivets, etc, etc., wholesale•prices.—MinLAvn FLur.. Worms, 25 to 28, Rea it., Brimingham, C. W. HAYLIi9, Proprietor.

T'll{ AND CHIP SHOP FITTINGS, or Shops fitted corn- -1: plete and business taught, if you want to make money have a Supper Bar. we hold the largest stook of fittings Rangers, Peelers Cutters, &a. List and particulars free.— MABBorrs", 71, Paradise st., Liverpool.

- ()VBI,IB I 0V.11178 1 OVBNS I I Bakers and Con- fectioners and Pork Butchers, we are in a position to offer you the simplest, cleanest, and most efficient and cheapest Oven on the market to-day. Ask for list and full partieulars.—Mannorre', 71, Paradise it., Liverpool. - - SUPHBFLIMUC HAIR and MOLBS.—Perfectd Blec- trolybie (by Mr. Parke's invention) supersedes all other systems in rapidity for permanent destruction. The only method which never disappoints. By appointment only.— Stamped envelope to Mr. HOBERT J. PARKIO3, 2, Church it., boutbport.

CHINA GILT SECONDS, ls. doz. ; Earthenware Seconds from Bd. doz. : Dinner, Ten, Toilet Ware, great variety; Chapel, Church, Caterers supplied ; badgel ware hotel., school.; 100 doz. seconds sound articles E 3, safely packed ; hawkers' orates nearly 1,000 articles 38e. 6d, Cheapest in trade. Write for free lists.—Aarsuß J. Hum., Blormacot Works, Longton, Staffs.

PISTOLS.—Wanted Flint Locks, 2,3, and 4 barrels.— 1711 WIN, Globe Works, Sheffeld. - - QRND stamped address for winners, to 123 Sheffield rd., Wittington Moor, near Chesterfield.

RHAL WITN BY BLANKETS, slighly soiled, 6e. the pair carriage Bd.—GLour, Draper, Greenwich. STOVRB.—Good 5.4. all kind.; also H. W. Pipes, Coils, Boilers.—lllCHNBo.lf, Welts at., Camberwell

Iyou require a small Gas or Oil Bagine for any purpose write to Wm. HALL & Co., Freedom Works, Sheffield I I:MI:MN'S Diabolo ' Set sent post free on Ed receipt P. 0., 13.— ERNEST & Co., 163, Brockley rd..S. 0. PHONOGILAPH and 5 Rew,rde, 7s. 9d, complete, new, marvellous value, genuine.—ALLlsam's, ()Waren rd', Acton.

-HBAUTHRI, G 9, Mats, Woollen Yarn; any colours ; cheap.—Write BAILEY, Boundary Works, Bradford rd., Dews6ury.

TAU hOLO.—Complete set of this fasehaating fashionable game, post tree 26. 6d.—F. OARBuLL, 13, Charing Cross, Lonoon.

BROOOH, best brilliants, handsome design, la. post fre3; money returned if not approved.—DUNICEHLEY, J. Dept.. High Barnet.

QUITS AND OVIDICOA.TN.-151. to 355. Fashionable C 3 cut, good lining. Patterns Free.—RElD Baos (Dept. A.) 23 St. Columba it., Leeds.

BDARGAIN.—Gent's handsome gold-ease Bunter Watch 10s. ; originally £2. Approval.—BLeouttN, 69 Hatton Garden, London. B.C.

rilßA. Send postal order for Is. Bd. for 11b. Finest Tea, or L. 4s. 6d. for 3tb , carriage paid. --INDIAN 11CA Ce., 80 Biackboy lane, Tottenham, N.

JULATIO BTOCKING-3 21. 6d., Leggings 21. Zd., Knee- LA caps 21. each; measurement form free.—DiEw BRITIBII PuBBRH Co I ord et.. Southport.

fILRAN, SHARP SAN U, for floors, scouring. potting. cagE-birdo, Ftc., 66 lbs., 25 64.; 112 1b.., 4e. 6d.,carriege paid.-0486TLFS, Blddulpb, Oongleton.

LILASTIO kiTOOKINGS. 2s. 6d.; Knee-Caps. 2s, Suspen- Li Bandages, ls. each from Manufacturer—W. H. MADDOCK, Alfred at. bouth. Nottingham.

BMICI&NTS.—CIoth suitable for Costumes, Dresser, Boys' 1.l) Snits, &c. ; send be, or 10s. for Monster parcel; carriage paid. —F. (MoSTIMAITE, Halton, Leeds.

FIIBB TRIAL FOR ONI4 WBBK.—A Safety liazor and Stropping Machlne.—Write 'N. S.' BIANUBACTUMNO Lie.. 23...Jeffries rd., Clapham, London, d.W.

I IMSHIOKS.—Genuine witty last lines by prize winner LA P.O 6d. with coupon, stamped addressed envelope.- 2), Roes Villas. Richmond, London.

VUltz..—Hich Black Real Dogskin, 74 inches long, shaped 1: Collar. Worth 10e. 6d. post free, bs.—WALTER F SWELL, Manufacturer, Hunslet. Leeds.

BAZ&Ait (1000$ (Special), id. and 6d.—Greatest variety and value in the trade.—SALmost & litterrnEwstAN, Ltd., Plough Buildings, Gloucester at., Birmingham. liliiTi 1 Skirts I Skirts ill—Good Ladles' Moirettee 1.3 Underskirt sent carriage paid tar 2e.—Send P.O. to tne dECIRT MANUFACTURER, Beswick, Manchester.

QPEND a merry Xmas. by buying a phonograph. Three Li genuine Edison records and 'phonograph, Bs. lid,— Dowrcu. lb, Barnstury Grove. London, W.

500 RRAL FUR NHOKLUTS ; desperate bargains; two yards long, blank, white, or brown, 1 for 2e. ; two for 3.. 6d. post free.—lream High et., Tooting, London.

USTAB.IBSO.-Hulme's 'Best Female Pills' are sold in boxes, Is. lid.. 2s. 9d.; extra 4a. 6d. Useful and instructive ooklet post free.—Hurasse. Chemists, Nottingham.

POST QUICK 1-7 stamps for our guinea special, the gaining victory weekly, gives few selections but winners; Tuesdays,--S. Moss, 1 chaw et., Cheatham, Manchester.

23 WHEALY.—Oonuine incre4se of income. Outfit free. Course of six lesson., 10s. success certain. send P.O. IN.—GRANT, Artist, 46 Tomnahurich at., Inverness.

WBITE for Alfred W. Smith's Sweet Yea Limerick, enclose Is. Ed. P.O. for a packet of Sweet Pems and Form.—ALTREDW, SMITH, Hawk eSbury,Longford, Coventry.

14- S. D. DIRANS Money for you by representing us .d.l Incandescent Goods. Good Coin. and ex.. Write for terms.—U. C. MANTLE Co.. 8, South at. Finsbury. H.C.

f 131131110 M for any paper. send your Limericks to well- _Li known author and big prize-winner. Winning last lines supplied 6d. line. 3 for 15,—.T.HEBBERT,Post Office, Harwich

6 IiftOBPHHITY.' a Magazine of Money-making Propos' lions for everybody g send 44. in stamps fo specimen copy.—DouoLas HALL, Advt. Agent, Fartown, Huddersfield,

(-WAX N COAT, any size 6s. 61. ; leather bound, leath.2 bettontioles. 10s. ; Overalls, 2s. 6d. pair, guaranteed waterproof, post free.—BARER and PECHEY. Camden Town-

91‘0 FAILMBEIS and Manure Manufacturere.—Shoddy Dirt 1 on Sale cheap ; price 85. for waggon load of 4 tons ; cash with order.—Apply JAMES LEES. Willow it. Mill,tlidham.

f IhIHISIOKS. Winner will send original line, any corn- L 4 petition, no duplicates. Unalose coupon, returnable. 6d. order and addressed envelope to PIiICE, Cbelwood. Chester.

lITORBASEI YOUR INC OMB BY TRADING.—bend for William Cotton's 5.5. pa reel of Jewellery, Hosiery, Lace, Haberdasbevv, Overalls.— WEH RDAY CRON, Nottingham. Established 1848.

IMBRICKII.-307 Prizes to date from my lines. Send 6e, order and stamped envelope. I post you Four Last Lines. State Limerlcke.—' MAJOP, ' 18 Bagley's lane, Fulbam, London.

ULROPHIC Tilt PIN, will flesh 2,E.00 times, a greet 1174 novelty, complete with battery and list of other electrical novelties price ,2e. 6d.—Dooson t 11)., 13, Camber- well Grove, London.

TPII BADS, Coral, Pearls for Art Chain-making. Speciality I n artistic necklaces and chains. Fascinating selection of fancy article, and Scwellery. —J. ROGIER, 14, High et. Kensington, London,

DRINK.—Everyone whose Business or Pleasure induces them to drink should take Berry's Anti- leohol Pellets, They clear the brain like magic; id. 3d. of MILTON BARRY & Co., 22 Archer it., W,

OLF Professional out of engagement, selling out stock of 1 Clubs, &0.. all picked material, special low prices, single or quantity. Enquiries solioited.—D. RANDALL, Halls Farm, Elundridge Park, Kent. BARGAIN.—A 108 6d. Fountain Pen for 2s. 6d. post free. bond gold nib, 14 carat. Iridium-pointed, easy writing, regular flow, will last veers. Satisfaction guaranteed.— EAHIIOP, Riverside, Dukinfield.

i 4 1) BJDVKNATOR" Hair Dye induces growth, renders the 14.., hair glossy and beautiful ; absolutely harmless ; liberal enonly, Is 3d. free; correspondence invited.— MARBILLIRR, Hallsbam, Sussex.

INVHINTORS.-Whv be fleeced by patent agents? We will give you genuine advice. Send stamped addressed envelope to INVENToR'S INFORMATION BUREAU, 18, St. James's Square, Holland Park, London. W.

rpHI 014AZ13 OF MB MOMItNT !—Limericked Postcards I completed from old proverbs. (Diabo Perverted).— P.O. or 13 stamps for one dozen assorted. Mention uaper.— WILLiAms It 00., 67. Arcadian Gardens, Wool Green. London.

kON'T neglect yourself this weather; send for particulars of my idea to keep yourself comfortable during the winter, it costs you nothing, and may save your lite.— 80/4111011MR, 6 St. Peter's Avenue, Upper 11.1monton ,London,

Q OLIU Silver -mounted Carving Set, containing best quality 1.1 Knife, Fork, and Steel, in silk-lined case Ivorine Handles direct from the 'manufacturers in Sheffield, thus saving middle profits, sent carriage pail on receipt of 61. Od. --kiviussooz, Jissurnie & Co., Rosedale rd., Sheffield.

2 / FOUNTAIN PEN FOU 4s.—The Banker's Pen. 1./ 14 oxrat (stampel) Golri,Nib (state fine,medium, or bruad). Post free on receipt of P.O. for 45., THE BOOK COMPANY, 59, ST. MARTIN'S LANE. LONDON, W.C.

GNTLEMBE (Insurance agents and others) can materially increase their income hy selling a high-class hand chemical Fire Extinguisher, readily sold to large house- holders. clubs, factories, institutions, ac.—Applications with ref. to Dep. T. 0., VALoK Co. ,LTD.. Aston Cross.Birmingbam.

USlO.—Marvellous offer, 6 songs (suit all voices). 6 in. Pianoforte, Mandoline, Violin, or Banjo pieces (easy, moderate, or difficult), state when ordering ; full music size, well printed sent on receipt of is. 24. post free ; first 50 customers receive bo,,k of Carols gratis.—PauFa MUSIC! Co., 165, Holland rd., London, W.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE B.OTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 30 LUDGATE HILL, ALSO AT 70 it 71, RUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMPORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET• CENTRAL NOB BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SOUTH FORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGToN PEOPLE.) 38, UHA P&L.-ST E ET. ESTIMATES GIVEM, CHOIR PARTIES, PICNIOS &0.. TESTIMoNIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE Telephone 0465. Till OLDEST /3STABLIsHED RESTAUtiAtIT IN TOWN.

SOUTH PORT. —Oornf irtAble APARThiIiN ; close to promenade ; good co./king ; moderate terms.—Mrs. BEG, 36, Bold St. SOUTHPORT.—Comfortahle APARTURNTS, public or private ; good sea view ; terms reasonabte.--filre. FLETCHER, 10, Victoria at., Promenade.

• 0 UTHYORT.— Highly recommenJed APILHTIWHNTS, excellent cooking and attendance; perfect home comforts; good garden; moderate terme.-74, LORD el'.

ST. ANNES-ON-StiA.—Superior FURNISHRD HOUSE; to Let in best part of bt. Anne' ; thrPe minutes from station; moderate terms.—Anply LAURELHURBT, South Drive

UPHRIOII APARTMIANTS. winter months, with or 0 without board.—HeilvEY, Mona House, Hockly lane, Whaley Bridge, near Stockport.

GARNETT'S NEW DEPARTMENT" to suit all classes. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GARNETT'S•

Eht Oraintner *erfee THE WARRINGTON & MID-CHM:MIRE EXAMINER is published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly P3per for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketh, Winwiek. Padgate, Lynam. &a., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in bouth Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. MBE RUNOORN EXAMINEE, published every Saturday morrAng. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. qatili WIDNES EXAMINER, published every baturday _L morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry r I IHE EAMLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, I. published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows, Golborne, Haydock. Lowton gm The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire coal fields '['HE ST. HELENS EXikkirs tart. published every I Saturday morning oirculating in Bt. Helens, Preston Parr, Sutton. Peaslev ()TOM &c.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTISEXPINTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS BALE One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. Bd. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 38. Od. ... ss. Od 36 ... Is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. 4s. Od. 6s. Cd. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Od. ... 7s. Od. 54 ... Is. 6d. ... Is. Bd. ... 13s. Od. ... 10s. Od

WI. TTODGKINSON LIMITED. CARPETS AND LINOLEUMS, COMPARE VALUE AND PRICES. Made and laid by experienced men. • BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

, .11, 1 11., . 1 , c:=l ,11) to „.... t 1 li hiS: ....„1 1 ‘,.,, ~. 5 • ~ —./ „, i.' --..4,,,,, —,..... , -' ~ kt 1 , , r-,..i.1 ____:_t.- ...- ____ i fii,,,-,, - . . ~../Iqii,. , _ - v. 4;1/4,, ____-_,...T.=--=-__.----_,..,,,t ?i, Will 1 -....„,_ ..- _.,.._..„...--:„,,i , 1, , ..,... i ‘,\ :'...,•,-k'.... . 7- r-- -----=--- - -----;---------":------=---._.:.--'..—-1 nis iti,4.' 1 11 - " >. . -------''''''Clf,-.3-PaT .',.---:1!;,?2,"1:•';: . • ,--.---1,7 , - , :_-.....: 1 •,, ,_,-.- -,4- e,,, . ......04 . '11:... i t:7,- . , " *, ' - . / .:-.---,27-. -X.,::,,-:'_- =-4: N.., i . "")7 - ...-4.--‘--- •••3;. ~-...A.1-11. , , •-41,-...___,1,- ..."'-.44 \,,NI t....- ,-„:„..„, - ~ ...i........1.e.4.), ---.. k g).''..?"--. ..7,51/. ) c.' / 11 , j , :',l ,i';', 4014, •,..,.......!:,:,..*,,,,, I/ ' q ..,,,/ il I 1:144i ill ,Mij.; 4tlllti i7N-*..,:N g:±:31..• • 1 • . 'l,'•':`i.;:,,it,, t!lit. i 1 , ill 0, ',,,,--,„,,, • r4-:._---:--.. ' ir. . ..14 i - -,......_. #o,t,:, ,!.1.,, .=-.1.-. 1 I 11;111iNlitT1 lil . 411 * * "Plea& -":-----=---'''F.-- Ifr I ; AGII4 .14.13 ' 1 _ - ..:t :z r \ 1 ifili , lifiii a \'il' 1;111.111 llt ThcliZtr il h 'i',,.,;!,•iivli 1 ..-- , \ .„,.., , \ „ 1, It 1 ' I,NIIO I week oft ::.',---- 1; It%l 1 a I sh- '''' \ \,;•• t 14 ty . . . _ ,:-_-- A,k,„'• 4 Al- 01\\,;‘,\ I ' 0 t, ‘44 :lij +, • rkl ~..,N\k• ~, ~ • 61,,,1 • \ , .i .• ••,,ar --,,-, \.. ..

FOR 4,,, .:,,,..,0„,..,..;.-- - . -, -- .:.,. - . ....,: ~.. NDIGEgri it, Fl . . .. ØJ Indigestion means torturing pain, intense weariness, AND ALL wretched days and wakeful nights. It means starved blood, starved muscles, a starved body and a starved brain; STOMACH in short, it means shattered health and a broken constitu- TROUBLES lion unless you root it out without delay. Mother Seigel's Syrup has no rival as a remedy for indigestion, bilious- ness, and all disorders of the stomach, liver and kidneys. TAKE MOTHER SEI „:,..,,- !g.:..- 1 Ps vi .t. ~.,5,_ ~K.i., Mother Seigers Syrup k now also prepared IN TABLET FORM and sold under the name of Mother Seigel's Syrup Tablets, Price 2/9, Sle R U Po

Delicate Childr n. Nngier's Emulsion possesses . the identical properties most needed for building up delicate , children. A pleasant soothing tonic, a great aid to digestion and a builder of the system, it has a wonderfully invigor- ating influence, and makes the little ones rapidly gain in weight, strength and colour. ANGIER'S MULSION (Petroleum with Hypoohosphltee.) Of chemists, 1/li, 219 and 4/6. "GAINED STRENGTH AND WEIGHT." " Dunira," Bridge of Weir, N.B. Dear Sirs,—l am writing to express my appreciation of Angier's Emul- sion. My youngest son, aged seven, has been very delicate; but after tak- ing a course of Angier's Emulsion he , has gained strength and weight, and is now a big, strong lad able to travel by train to school every day. lam never without a bottle in the house, . and if any of my family get a cold they all know mother'scure never- tr9l.siON• failing , An- , gier's Emulsion. ...Ig77:Lau M.A. HOLMES tt,,,M;t70.0 - • A FREE SAMPLE . on receipt of 3d. postage. Ir 4 \ 1 ANGIER CHEMICAL CO. )1;21.1-10-111-' • 32 Snow Hill, London, E.G - •

. 0 - . - "An excellent Food, admirably adapted to the wants of infants and young persons." —Sin CHARLES A. CAMERON, C.bi.. Professor of Chemistry, R.C.5.1., Medical Officer of Health for Dublin, PURVEYORS BY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO H.I.M. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA. 1/01frigniEilltova

,; A ::::.,, ,••••• :, t, -...., :' •%. i. . .1:- ' I li =2. ; .i. ~,,,,,,, It. 1. ip- -1,..L...„.„.. .... • \, r--N ;:- I; 1 ~ : Who wil! alwatis keep --, BOVRIL in the .7. ..-. .„...- ~,...,.. , 2s , BACHELOR

Dr. BAKER'S BACKACKE PELLETS Are a new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lhmbago, Gout, Rheu- matism, Sciatica, and all diseases of the Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain of Backache &c. A Sufferer says :—" I obtained quick relief from a terrible backache after Wring a few doses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. Write at once enclosing 12 stamps for one box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to Price DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE Co., 1/1-17. (13, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON, S.E.

9 -rkLL C-11. OC°lll‘e MLK / 3% 'hest" /- d °l'

~ ......--:::..::::::.:',.,:::;lii''..r,F.f•ff.i*:Ple.:-.: 1:::.:.Y:47,;1:,,-q(*..,;: ~,,,.:...:.::;::::.:::::::•:,--::-:-1•:.;:.*::'".A-. -,.'''' ~- ....::,',..,A: :4"---j. :::10:. .:''''''. ,•:-i.i.lt' mcr_:.--• '''../.:.:',l.';'!'";i''' '',.....:"'.9.1c!:,'.. '.l**, ': :..: f',.,..:" •''.. '-' ',.:*-:;1:::•:ii ,:,-7.".::::. .). -t '''' ~: 7 ?:::::::.:1:::":„...,:i:::::.-2:•iiiii.,1;:::q4 ... -: -..,:. .:' ' ?I. -** •!.'•f'::.-. : ..: 7,-, :.:::.....:;4, -...;',:::1?:,;,,. : ,:.::.',..::::.:•:::..:::::- ' , i,:::::•:::::-:.:::./..7.?i'.";',:".1*":::4'..i.i.:',:::.:,iiX.4 ..::;. ..:1•:-,. :;:.;:. :., .:; , ...-.1,:ii,: ......... ::i:7,::....,:ii.::).:;:, ...:......::::!??,:,?..„,, ::i.::;':i..:.:.: V 6,, ...:i.ci.*:.i.:.::':.?.. ...:-,"•:'''''. ' :-,;:,..f: ..ii,:i.::::4:.: ~., ..,.,...::. :-.? - ..........,0,-.:.4.....:„,,...-.." -N) :',:::-.....:,:,:;:f.i..:7:,:;:iii.,!---• .01,::,:fi:i'::::::,? ..,•;: - ,:::.;":-.:::':: ~§-i. :I:.}:i.lgiir--:..-..:::1:::).-. - -f-z:).;::"Iizilq.;-. ~. 7. - ''-''''...i.*:;.4 •03...,.....---.. ,-. ' . '?=.,:.,,.;:i. - i ::::.- -:., . .::'''''''''..--...i::= --fl2 .f., ~ -4:Millii... 1:, ' •::',;_il ' .:''"*." -T-4;" --- ;`,,,7: " - -.•'-'.- , . • , '.-:',,t.:-ttassi. ' ,--7;:-..--;. . (.93ii-W3Sia, . , ' -..- ..;,„ ‘,' -''•:,.. ; / , „: :5,-4,,,,,.,, , • --_: ' .., - ~.........,..:),iilAiii?,:: - i 7 \v, ‘l6"'W 1 ~' ''. .4?0'..;T:'7'.k7;::•1 ''' ..--,:: '.:l'''''"....,-. iiic-Y.-ii..';'''..*‘ 404 ~:.--':::'-.- NE D• .:;:ii:i, ,c,,4111 '.-:',,c,;,-;7.--,,,4-4 - - s ::,...::::„... ..,. _,.. 1 BRIDGE-BUILDER ters ,BE., ' .. .

EVERY TUESDAY during NOVEMBER. DECEMBER and JANUARY we will give away SIX SPLENDID FOOTBALLS for the six most interesting Postcards we receive during the preceding week. YOU CAN PUT ON THE BACK OF YOUR POSTCARD either A GOOD JOKE, STORYETTE, CONUNDRUNI, PUZZLE, SKETCH, or anything else that von think is interesting—ANYTHlNG BUT A LIMERICK—and if your postcard is among the SIX best received in the week in which it is sent, you will receivea-FOOTBALL. To every competitor, be he or she PRIZE WINNER or not, will be sent a sample bottle ot MASON'S COFFEE ESSENCE' ADDRESS YOUR POSTCARD TO-DAY: Newhall & Mason, Nottinghanu Good ! It's Mason's Coffee ESSeliCe.

< - Food is quite distinct from any other. It possesses the remarkable property of rendering milk, with which it is mixed when used, quite easy of digestion by infants, invalids and convalescents. ,Denger's Food is sold in "ins by Chemists, etc., everywhere.

,i':.••••:••?i,i i. i. ; ..i...i:i-ii...::•. : , • •ji,:tilii'..ii- ~: •-, ...-1.%1;:;';:i: :!......i.iii.... . 'i*..-ti.i....11i"' . -:. ::* ...• •••••••::".'''"'-'.-....• : : ..:.:..' ;::.:•:::.*::.:::.. •:. •:.••••;.`-...: i i ; : .:.-t.•:- . • ...::::::::.'.:::::.::•:-:,:::•-: --: . n...: '' .: . - • ::: .:1: .- ::•:.i::..::i::::::::.:i:::::::::•:•:.•:::":: , ••••• :: :. :-. ....:...:i•-. •..::::::::::.•••:::..:i:i:e.;*::.::::::::::::i:.-i:. :- ... :...: :i7.::: .: :-:::i:i:.i::::::::::i:::,....4..k"..••••:.:::::::::,:::: ... :::. ti :: ..• ::•:::::..-.-:..-. :••::::%:•:!::k••:::::::::::::•::..::. . :::. :•!:::ii:- : ::::::-:1::*isi::::::. :::•.-:::•:':-..:.:4:::::::•••••: - ••,•• :::.: :44: :: :. :••••.:::::,::.,::10:•:•:::::: •:::•.•:•-:•:::fr•:%•i':•••••• •-:• ' :::. -:i::::: - .:•:::,:::::.....,..:•:::::::::::* :::::::•:•';•:•:::::::•::.. :..::. :::: •-••:•:::: -.:i:ifi::i:.:"...Sotiv::::•..-.:::::::•:::::::::::i::::•::,•:::.• :::: ~...,:,.:t. . .....:::::.:..::::::.*•::::::•.:•:•••:....:•*•:f•ik:e..,:e:::. . ::::" *,:,.:...:*: '::,..'-iiii::i::Ii::.:ii::::ii::•:::.4i :.0:ii::::' .•' ::i.i.: '.,: •::::: :::::,:,i :: •::::::•::i:::iiiiiiii:••;;;:::.:- ............'.?•,:::i. : •::: :'.:: ,::::.::::::.:: : :•:: •;:::::::::::::::•:::::::::.:•:-........:.:.....:k'k.:: : :: .:;.;:':;f:i:f::: :',.::::' ):,:::::::::::::::::::E:i::::::.•;y:'::::::•.:.. :. : .-,1:. :. :.:. ::,::::: :: : ...• i: :in*Ki:::"i::.:if:::::::i:iiiii:•• • .:. ' . :: i..: .. : .:4::1::.•:.::.::. :Z::: li : ...:.-Igi:i:iiiiii:i::::.;.:::i:......;:::;::::.•:.:.s..::. :: :.: . 1 i i : •A::::4:*;::: ' ...:::::::i:::.::.:::::::':.*:::::':;;;.:.?•::',..:•:.:•i, ...:•::.,:.. :i .i : ' i ..§.::,,i4C.4•*.iii.:::i::::i:i:::::::'.f*:::' •:..-::;:.• ::::::. :-. ..• : :: ' • ••• • `..,..:::*:.....•.:.::::;;:>:.;" :::*:: .::::::i:::.::•::*:::i:.: .:: ..... %:::: ' • L ... ...... . . ... . ....... •. ... • . ..k. . . _ 111.1 SS E. 31C,riH

RHEUMATISM The best remedy or Gout. Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago, and the only one that has stood the test of time is that celebrated medicine, BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS Why? Because they are pure, sure, and safe, and have relieved and cured thousands. Try them. TREY NEVER FTiIL. All Chemists and Stores, at is. itu., and 2s. 9d. per box.

qARITSBLOODNVIURE

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Bluod from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES. its &Nets are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL AIN &BLOOD DISEASE Of all Chemists and Stores, 219 per riottle. BEWARE** OF IMITATIONS,

Goddard 6-- Plate Powder for, CieaninaSilverElectro Place& Sold everpvherelk 216 & 4ft

Doctors know the value of IRONIMIOX TABLETS in cases of indigestion and constipation. Write •-1 _.r copy of 4' The Doctor' 5 Word." A dainty Aluminium Pocket Vacket of 50 Tablets for Is. If your chemist has not got them, they will be sent post free on receipt of One Shilling by the Iron-Ox Remedy Co., Ltd., 20, Cockspur Street, London, S.W.

.- . _ . :... _ .. ~.. ~ Nii-lrik4N., • , 4 . ~„ .‘ -'. ~. I.out '-' ':'--:. 2. ,oia.. ' , -0* ~.4.' ''; ..,.- c.t . .„s„,..es - 4 e 1... -% -- , . 5 4q ~...-,1t...C4- 14'1'.' ILL ~....- .k.,........,..„.,.., „:::-. - .&. _ % , _ . fj) ' .- ~,......., Nin,.L. • " ...-- -,,. I \ • _1,&,&,46. ,gligv° -- :1 . ..... _ _ ,- • • ••• OtF.• MT II il - - ~4 .:;f..--ifi .. ----.1- ,i,`" - D's! li " 4_41 v •,47.•, - ,€.l'.-- ' •14 • , • • 1 . .1 . ':•••••-•.--w:.to , • . i ~,,,-,, . - .._ , - . 1 . ~..., e..' “1 ' -tat - .0, '4. i,ll .. t / -N., rir47,i- A I- " A.-.,•:"•,•,---‘ • -.7 ' - ba, Every Home . , i --,- 'Mr- wilt: :•... ---7-77 r- - • --- ---- ' . ~. , , , . in England For nearly one hundred years Dr. Scott's Pills (the prescription , ••, of a qualified medical practitioner, who specialised upon all disorders of the Stomach and Liver) have been recognised as a family medicine. These famous pills are tonic in action, may be taken by old and young and are a safe and sure cure for Biliousness, Indigestion, Wind, Loss of Appetite, Constipation and Heartburn. Of all Chemists, ifil and a/g a box. , • INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. EADE'S PILLS. "RELIEF SOON CAME ! " " DBTAINED GREAT RELIEF." 14, Howarth-street, North Trafford, Manchester, Novembr 1/th, 1906. 63, Sherwood-street, Oxford-road, Dear Sir,—For about sixteen years, I had been a Reading, October Ist, 1906. coretant suferer from severe attacks of rheumatism, Dear Sir,—l am writidg these lines to you to testify oftenbeing confined to bed for ten weeks at a time to the value of your Gout Pills. My father, who is and could get nothing to bring relief. 1 was, however now dead, was a great sufferer from Gout, in fact one induced to try your Pills, and of the worst sufferers in Reading, where we are well THE RELIEF I SOUGHT SOON CAME. known. My eldest brother is also a chronic sufferer, Since, then, on the slightest sign of the approach of and I myself suffer from the same complaint. Ay my old pains I fly to your remedy, and by so doing father and brother succeed in warding them off. I have the utmost faith -)BTAINED GREAT RELIEF .4 In the efficacy of your Pills, and nothing would induce from taking your Pills, so it is natural that I sho aid me to be without a bottle of them in the house; in use them, and thia I have done for the last five years, fact, my wife says to her friends that if the Pills were a and have always found them to almost relieve me at guinea a bottle she would rather go short in other once. lam still using them. Trusting you will not things than be without them a single week. take effenca at this Door letter, I remain, yours truly, Yours gratefully, J. HOPSON (a working man). ' JAMES BARLOW. EADE'S GOUT PILLS EA.DE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. juriDus matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, ls. 11d. and 2s. 9d. or sent Sold everywhere in Bottles, is 14d and 2s 9d, or post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, , post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London ' GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

Are you Bothered 9, by Biliousness ri Many people are. It is a very common form of liver trouble, and a very unpleasant one, involving sick-headache, nausea, dizziness, and often complete prostration during an attack. When you are bilious you require something that will effectively stimulate the liver and give speedy relief, and there is no better medicine for this purpose than 130EEcHAm 9S PILLS because they act directly on the congested organ, regulate the flow of bile and carry off all impurities. But the good effects of Beecham's Pills are not only confined to the regulation of the liver. The complexion improves, the dark circles under the eyes disappear, the head clears, and the general health is renewed. Beecham's Pills are purely vegetable and a safe medicine for man, woman, and child. Take them as directed whenever there is need to - Exercise the Liver.

ela'a m. s' Orl'ylast CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING MID SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens and Removes all bard callosities on tbi oles of the foet. If you suffer try a boa, y wii‘ never regret it. Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham.

Unequalled for the Cure of Back. OSBORNE'S ache, Pains in the Loins, Bright's Disease, Irregular Action of the BACKACHE Excretory Organs, Rheumatism, Poorness of Blood, Giddiness, KIDN EY Gravel, Dropsy, and every ill PILLS. caused by weak and Ailing Kidneys. They netlike MAGIC. Speedy Relief and Cure. Send to.day. Testimonials daily. Price 1/li, 2/9, and 4/6 per box, post free. OSBORNE'S FRUIT CONSTIPATION at LIVER PILLS. Act like a charm, without Griping Never fails to Cure. Sold by all Chemists price 1/li, 2/9, and 4/6 post free, or from Tag OSBORNE . Dews MEDICINE Co., 24 Mathew Street, Liverpool.

Shorthand Writers' Association. The usual weekly meeting was held on Wedne4dal, evening last, at the Winmarleigh Cafe. Speed Prbaic tice at various rates was given, and the phonegl a outlines of difficult words discussed, after wh paper was read by Mr. B. H. Hallett, on " The Val, and Necessity of Bookkeeping." The subjeot gone into very thoroughly, the history of BookkeePoli: traced, and the increasing value shown to have bLg. accorded to it by progressive commercial peoP, bv- -A good discussion followed, and it was agreea,f's the speakers that it would be a good thing for Li' ; sS -country if it was made compulsory that all in bus•neof should keep proper books of accounts.—A vote thanks to the Lecturer was accorded heartily. areat For Children's Hacking Cough at night, Woods' - " Peppermint Cure. 1/11i, 219.—Advt. In Memoriam. In loving memory of my dear husband, Arthur joPel' who died November sth, 1904. Our loss is great, but we'll not complain But trust in Christ to meet again. Fondly remembered by Wife and Children, . - Warrington.—Printed and published by JoHN & Co., at The Examiner General Print illf "1:006 Bevvsey-street, and published by them at tot .roed place, and also at The Examiner Offices, V ictortioket• WIDNES : 32, George-street, ST. HELENS: sof, treet, EA.RLESTOWN; Church-street RuNCol2°' 2nd. 1907.
