===== 0002601_19070824_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
eANADA 131 °CHAN CI FM

SHORTEST 1:

SPBBD.

tiAPBTY.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
COMFORT

Y ALLAN LINE.—THE ACME OF 10i1FORT IS ATTAINBD IN THII ST TURBINII STBAMBRS. ND CHEAPEST ROUTE TO ALL PASTS OF CANADA, & WHSTBRN STATBS. Unsurpassed Accommodation Micellent Cu:fine. Details re Work and Wages. Apply ALLANS, 103, LEADENHALL STairrr, ane 61, PALL MALL. LONDON; 19. JAMBS SWUM, LIVBRPOOL or Loe.sl Agents.

LARGE POSTERS JOHN WALKER S.: CO., BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

EXAMINER OFFICE WARRINGTON

PRINTERS, LITHOGRAPHERS, BOOKBINDERS, PAPER-RULERS. . CATALOGUES for Public and Private Libraries,

ESTABLISHED OVER FORTY YEARS. B. HARRIS, 2, RING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATH STREET, CH E6TBR. PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES, In Sums of from £lO ta £l,OOO ON :AMPLE PROMISSORY NOTE. PA It TIES wishing for tenworary CASH ADVANCES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE TO BE SIGNED THE Ltiw RATIs OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK. THE WRITTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF S'dALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO TI3N BORROWER. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED AND THE TRANSACTION'S ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. ABSOLUTE SECRECY. OBSERVED. APPLICANTS. IiBORIVE IMMEDIATE ATTEZT:ON IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative ill call personally upon applicants and complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealivg and reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled,

===== 0002601_19070824_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EMS

===== 0002601_19070824_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
AT A REASONABLE

RATE OF INTEREST

===== 0002601_19070824_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
AND WITHOUT PUBLICITY

REPAYMENTS TO SUIT BORROWERS' CONVENIENCE. MRS. J. BARRETT (VANAPERESS), 1, CHESTER ROAD, WARRINGTON

floUNTttir t-lOSIK for Isdy with msternity nurse, trona guinea weekly.—TElK iiMA.THEI29 Worcestershire ORlOClRTH.—Comfortahte APARIaIIiNT:4, close to beach; V.) good cooking and attendance.—Mrs. Lovit. Rock Villa.

1/nISHBYSH fUR. —Beatat itul Farm home APARTMHNTS, year Chats wortb. lee ToartirrsoN, Butmell Hall, Baslow, S.O.

1 lUBLIN.—I6, Upper Oaminer it., opposite Jesuit Church I / —APARTMENTS, day or week ; zroderate terms.— Mrs. CARILAN.

BWYCLII.—AIost marvellous bargain ever off red • liagnt ficent Gent's high-grade Coventry Cycle, absolutely as new ;tall bearings, free wheal, rim brake silver-plated rims, pneumatic tyre., not soiled, beautifully en tm-lied, lined and plated, mud guards slid all accessories. Cash urgently wanted. £3 10$ , worth double ; must be sold at once. ApprovAl before cash sent,---T. Hurnattn, 9, Waterloo- st„ Weston-super-Nlare

===== 0002601_19070824_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
iftatrimotip

ssll ATRIMONIAL TIDIES." tbe best and quickest Intro• 1111 ductory medium for all desiring ft matrimonial alliance ; price 6d., in sealed envelope —Address EDITOR Bobert hadford, 5, Featherstone Buildings, Holborn, W.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
McDOUGALUS Patelit SELF-RAISING FLOUR INtiNINON

BLOOD-POISON FROM SORE FEET., WOMAN'S REALM. DRESS-FASHION-HOME. Inflamed, Discharging Uleers—Zam- buk Effects a Splendid Cure.

NOTABLE YACHTSWOMEN, At Cowes it was .remarked that a

good num-

ber of,,the ladies who coinmanded

their own

The grave evils that arise from perspiring and yachts were possessed of masters' certificates. blistered feet show plainly the necessity of dressing Lady Londonderry. Lady Ormonde, and Lady with Zam-Buk, the pure herbal-balm that soothes and • Annesley are at home in any craft, and know as cools, and keeps the skin clear and healthy. much about the management of a boat as any Mr. Alfred C. Clayton,of 2, Prospect Place, Barnsbury, tar. Lady Londonderry. on more than one occa- London, W., said to a London journalist :—" For years sion, has taken part in lifeboat practice, and, I suffered a great deal from my feet getting overheated attired in a cork jacket, has done all the work a and sore, and this year,as a result of dye from my socks lifeboatman can perform. Lady Ernestine Hunt ' or some other impurity being absorbed by the pores of is another keen yachtswoman, and when she was the skin, blood-poison set in. The soles of my feet only twenty years old went a-sailing round Cape were in a terrible condition. There were many small Horn in a small boat, and has tried her luck ulcers, which were always discharging. The inflamma- with her husband since that time in many a tion commenced to creep up my leg, and very soon my dangerous water. So great an enthusiast is Lady ankles were twice their normal size. Ernestine that she even passed all the examine,- "The doctor sent me to bed, and supplied me with tions qualifying her to obtain a master mariner's medicineand ointment. The wounds healed to a certain certificate, although debarred, as she is a extent, but immediately I put my foot to the ground woman, from having the actual certificate be- they broke out again. I tried another doctor, with stowed upon her. precisely the same result. Then I had a spell of six months indoors, being quite unable to stand, and most USEFUL COSTUME. of tbat time I spent actually in bed. The pain was A very pretty Wedgwood-blue canvas cloth is very great and almost incessant, used for this smart costume, which is just the thing for the cooler days, and will serve for an ,"I WWI in this wretched state when a friend recom- mended Zam-Buk. Zam-Buk soothed the pain from the early autumn costume later on. The skirt escapes ' first, and soon stopped the discharge from the wounds the ground all round, and is trimmed with a so I continued dressing with Zam-Buk regularly. The strap of blue glace exactly matching the material swelling went down, ,he pain disappeared, and the flesh in colour. The bolero has wide straps of glace grew together and healed beautifully. To-day lam over the shoulders, the straps only being ; perfectly cured, thanks to Zam-Buk, and my feet are as stitched to the material at one edge, the other ' firm and strong as ever they were. i

being left loose like a tuck. The neck and fronts of the bolero are bordered with a narrower strap- ping of the silk, and daintily finished with little pointed revers of white embroidered lawn and Valenciennes lace and a bow of the blue glace silk. The sleeves are a good three- quarter length, and finished with plain, fitting cuffs, trimmed with two narrow straps of the glace silk.

, -..k. ~-., ' rir /4,N ill Wa I / \ 4 A - ,:' ". - • toir' / 1 LI 110 7 7" '1 / :/ / i I 1 11, ,;: Iki, yakillimilikimo -wgkswililltagal

===== 0002601_19070824_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
CARETTEB " FOR LONDON.

It is said that the next fort stormed by the Suffragettes will be that portion of the Scotland Yard Bastille where taximeter drivers aro judged and licensed. Paris has her cabwomen, and, in spite of the good-natured ridicule heaped on them at first, they are apparently increasing in number. If Paris leads the way, asks the Sketch, should London wait? -2-so observe the Suffragettes who desire to be Jehus; and when one thinks of the number of ladies k who own and drive motor-cars, one is tempted to say why, in- deed? A very long time ago, when hansom-cabs were first invented and when it was considered decidedly "fast" for a woman to be seen alone in one of those fascinating vehicles, it was whis- pered that a well-known lady whip, and a Peer- ess to boot, had dressed up in a suit of her dimi- nutive husband's clothes and driven a hansom down Piccadilly for a bet. We may yet see "cabettee" established on the principal "taxi" ranks, and it will be interesting to see if there really exists an, law against a woman driving a publio vehicle licensed for hire.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
EMPIRE DRESSING-GOWN.

In our sketch is shewn a simple design for an Empire dressing- or morning-gown. It could be carried out in any light woollen material such as fine cashmere, or it would look particularly well in mauve - and - white patterned delaine. The short Empire bodice has a little fulness in front, which is gathered into a pointed belt of mauve

silk. The gown fastens on the left shoulder, and is trimmed with bands of white Cluny lace, bor- dered with a narrow strap of mauve silk. The trimmirr, meets in a point at the centre of the back, and at the left side is continued down the Side of the skirt to the hem. A band of lace, edged with silk, outlines the square neck, and the loose-flowing sleeves are arranged with a small puff at the top of the arm, drawn in with a band of the lace trimming.

IV ' (K ' . ',- •.1 ::. tp• ir, ---1. . . / /? ,4,..... 1 1 .i/: ,go .‘,,,k, ~i,„.,,, 4, i I.m, , • :., i,, It . ',, I \ lilt, , .1 t / /,c. 1 • / ./ '•' , I \ 4.0 %Oh ' -s . ' - - -,•Ady4V-e;o° 1 i ~.i..•.;:i I i .'

===== 0002601_19070824_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
A NOVEL CHATELAINE.

A new idea in the —ch.aierai;;--line, and one which has taken on with travellers, especially yachtswomen, is a huge gold walnut, which opens with a spring, and discloses a little mirror, some powder, a tiny stick of rouge, or other odds and ends; a chain is attached to the nut, and it fastens to the belt. I saw one, says a. writer in P. T. 0., worn with a yachting cos- tume; it looked completely out of place and out of keeping. Such an extravagant costume as it was, too! White linen skirt. with bands of black . lace. The sailor blouse had a large collar of black tussore, and the belt was of black suede; • the collar was cut rather low, and the neck was bare. There was a bright gold buckle to the , belt, and the large gold nut was suspended from a gold bar. Altogether there was only one re- deeming feature about such a get-up—its wearer was a German. TO-DAY'S RECIPE. ! EGGS AU GRATIN. One tablespoonful of : breadcrumbs. 3oz. of butter, three anchovies (chopped), one teaspoonful of finely-chopped parsley, the yolks of two eggs, pepper. salt, and grated nutmeg to taste, and four whole eggs. Put 2oz. of the butter into a basin, and with a wooden spoon beat it to a cream. Add the brcadcrumbs. anchovies, parsley, the two egg • yolks, and the seasoning, and rub all well to- gether. Butter a fireproof dish with the re- mainder of the butter, and then spread the mix- ture at the bottom, and place the dish over a mild heat for two minutes. Then break the four whole eggs carefully on to the top of the mix- ture, and cook for five minutes in a moderato Ivor.. Ser., very i-vot tien making omelettes, care should be taken to whisk the eggs very thoroughly; to have a br)ght. clear fire, not too hot; to serve the ome- lette immediately it is cooked; and always to keep a pan for the cooking of omelettes only. This pan should not be washed, but should be cleaned by rubbing it with a little warm butter anti dried with a soft cloth.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The King's Highland Holiday.—The King is expected in the Highlands about the middle of September, and his Majesty's holiday in,Scotland is to include a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Sassoon at Tulchan Lodge, Strathspey. Tulchan, which Mr. Sassoon rents from the Dowager Lady Seafield, not farfrom Grantown, and not only provides some of the best shooting and fishing, but is also situated amidst some of the grandest scenery in the Highlands. Mrs. Arthur Sassoon is use her sister , Mrs. Leopold Rothschild, very popular in Society, and is one of the most notable hostesses on Speyside. She I is a very good bridge player, an accomplishment the King appreciates, as his Majesty is very partial to bridge, the stakes being usually shilling points. With the command of unlimited wealth, Mrs. Sassoon's entertainments are arranged accordingly, and invitations to join the house party at Tulchan are mach sought after as the place is both lusuriantlyappointed, and is a veritable sportsman's paradise. A Marchioness on Deer-Stalking.—Lady Breadal- bane's 'book on deer-stalking, entitled "The High Tops of Black Mount "published by Messrs. W. Blackwood and Sons, appears at an opportune time, when sports- men and sportswomen are hastening north to enjoy the invigorating mountain air, and the perfume of the purple heather. Lady Breadalbane tells some good stories characteristic of the dour Highland ghillies and her book is illustrated by reproductions of some wonderfully realistic photographs. The author is one of the best rifle shots in the Kingdom, a lover of Nature, and of country life and its sports. It has been said that the fox likes being hunted. Reynard prob- ably has his own opinions on the subject, and it seems never to have occurred to Lady Breadalbane that deer- stalking may be less fun to the deer than to the stalker. She shares to the full the zest for sport. Her ambition is to kill six step with six shots, and it is rather a dis- appointing day if a wounded deer should manage to get away. The New Duke and Duchess of Pless.—The late Duke of Pleas is succeeded by Prince Henry of Pless, who is well-known in London Society. His wife is a daughter of Colonel and Mrs. Cornwallis West, and a sister of the Duchess of Westminster. She was famous before her marriage as one of the most beautiful girls in Society, and became engaged at the end of her first season to Prince Henry. She was married in 1891, and her son, born in 1900, is now heir to the title and vast estates, which are valued at something like three or four millions sterling. The late Duke insisted on the Prince and Princess spending part of every year at Furstenstein, on the borders of Pavaria where the Dukes of Pleas live in almost feudal state. /rhe life was not exactly Suited to the tastes of an English girl, and since their marriage Prince and Princess Henry have spent much of their time in this country. Mr. and Mrs. Willie James.—The bilth of a son to Mr. and Mrs. Willie James, has brought endless con- gratulations to the happy pair, first and foremost those of the King and Queen, and the Prince and Princess of Wales—whose friendship they have long enjoyed, Mrs. Willie James, nee Miss Evelyn Forbes, is a great favourite with many members of the Royal Family, and she has frequently bad the honour of entertaining Royalty at West Dean Park, near Chichester. This house, together with the estate of 8,000 acres, was pur- chased many years ago by Mr. Willie James, and the extensive and finely wooded park runs to within a short distance of Goodwood racecourse. Splendidly decorated and furnished, West Dean is one of the most delightful among country houses, and invitations to the parties so frequently gathered together there, are much sought after. Mrs. Willie James is slight, short, with a pretty winning face, and despite her terrible shortsightedness she possesses the gayest spirits that are seldom, if ever, shadowed. Mr. and Mrs. Willie James were married in 1889, and have three daughters, to whom they are devoted. __ _ _ _

Famous Hymn Writers.—The Rev. Canon Hervey, who has resigned the living of Sandringham in conse- quence of ill-health, is the author of several well-known hymns, but it is a fact that many of our favourite hymns, and notably those sung at times of public mourning, have been written by women. Frances Ridley Havergal, the Countess of Huntingdon, and Charlotte Elliott, have given us many of our finest hymns. "Nearer my God to Thee" was written by Sarah Adams and "Safe in the arms of Jesus," was the work of Fanny Crosby, who was blind from childhood. One of the best known of Canon Harvey's hymns is "The roses hues of early dawn." He is a nephenr of the late Marquis of Bristol, and his wife is related to the Duke of Ricbmond. His resignation is much regretted by the King and Queen, before whom he has officiated on innumerable occasions, he having been Rector of the consolidated parishes of Sandringham, West Newton, and Babingley for close upon thirty years. Women and Clerical Work.—The Society of Arts Intermediate Examinations once more illustrate the triumphant progress of women in out-distancing men in the chief branches of clerical work. In shorthand and typewriting, they took all the money prizes, and headed the lists of medallists in both subjects, as well as for French and German. The only subject in which they did not completely out-distance their male competitors is book-keeping, but in this, as in other branches, it is more than probable that Meg will before long wrest the supremacy from them. Now and again we hear of an employer assuming the functions of a Mr. Grundy, and refusing to employ women as secretaries or typists "to avoid gossip" but their capacity for such vocations has been established times without number and is beyond dispute. The demand for larger Stock Sizes.—Boot awl glove makers have adopted themselves to the under range of sizes demanded in these days of physical exercise, but . the complaint is made that drapers and outfitters confine themselves to a too limited range of stock sizes, in ready-made garments. It is only at the principal estab- lishments that the woman 'with a 26 or 28 inch waist measuremeht may obtain what she requires, and then the range of selection is a very limited one. That is one of the misfortunes of being " too abundant." The medium in all things is the happy state, but, unfortu- nately Nature has a way of getting the best of us when the matter in dispute is our desired avoir-du-pois. No doubt the drapers know their own business best, but there are good grounds for the suggestion that they should keep larger stock sizes, especially in blouses, coats and skirts.

Furs.—The prices of furs are already rising, and we should do well to purchase what we require in this direction without delay. Fox furs—after sable of course—will reian supreme, blue and black fox leading. Silver fox needs to be chosen with care, the hest having dark, indeed almost black necks, with scarcely a white hair visible. White fox will be worn by young girls only, being a fur that seldom looks well save against the rosy cheeks of a d4butante. Pointed fox, as it is called, should be avoided, it is cheap and exceedingly nasty, and the dye comes off on one's neck. Failing fox, we should select bear, and remember that a small piece of really good fur is worth furlongs of faked rubbish. Tailor Modes.—The nation of wearing plain coats with striped or checked skirts, and plain skirts with striped or checked coats, is one that is finding much favour among first rate tailors, the colour of the plain material matching the prenailing hue seen in the check or stripe. Such costumes are particularly smart, and exclusive-looking, and could he quite safely under- taken by the clever home worker. The majority of amateurs, however, would be wise to select the plain coat and checked or stripe.d skirt, this arrangement usually .proving the best and easiest when passing through the building process.

TqADGE.

---- --

At Leigh, on Wednesday, Arthur D. Ch-idwick was fined for assaulting his two married sisters. Com- plainants were staying overnight at their mother's house, when defendant, whilst drunk, entered their bed- room, ordered them to go home, kicked them about, and knocked down his mother.

WHO Is Women as well as men are made miserable by kidney and bladder trouble TO Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root the great BLAME. kidney remedy promptly cures. At chemists in ls.lkd. and 2s. 3d. sizes. You may have a sample bottle by post free also pamphlet telling all about it. Dr. Kilmer it Co., Dept. 329 Temple Chambers, London. P.C.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner,

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] THE VERDICT OF hlhill

HEART.

By CHARLES GARVICE,

Author of "Her Heart's Desire," "In Cupid'o Chains," "Just a Girl," "Nance," "The Out- ! cast of the Family," "A Coronet of Shame," Bre.

syxorsis OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: The story opens in Australia,. whore Ralph Farringdon is present at the deathbed of his mother. They are poor, and she has been deserted by her husband, Ralph's step-father. With almost her last breath, she tells Ralph of papers in her box which are of importance to him. Her words are overheard by a man with •the appearance of a tramp, who steals into the house and abstracts the contents of the box. The scene then changes to Lynne Court, ! where Lord Lynborough, aged and in failing.. health, is in residence, his beautiful niece, • Veronica Denby, ruling the household as chate- leine. One day the Earl sends for Veronica, and informs her that it is his intention to leave her by will his whole fortune, his nephew, Talbot Denby, succeeding only to the title and the entailed estates. He asks if she will accept the condition that she wed only a man of title. Veronica, whc is as proud as she is fair, and who has known grinding poverty during her father's life, readily consents. Ridinsi, afterwards on the neighbouring moor she is struck with the gallant act of a young stranger, who snatches a puppy from under her horse's feet, receiving some slight injury in conse- quence. He refuses pecuniary reward, but asks to be taken on as one on the Earl's gamekeepers, Lord' Lynborough, coming .up in his carriage, refers the applicant to his head man. The stranger, who gives the name of Ralph Farringdon, and says he has come from Australia, obtains .the coveted job. The reader is now taken to London, and Talbot Denby is introduced—a rising, young Conservative M.P., ambitious, talented, but a con- firmed gambler of the worst type. Veronica sees Ralph Farringdon fishing in the park stream, and is at once arttracted and irritated by the ease of his manner towards her, which is not that of a dependant. He shows her how to throw the line, and in her attempts she gets the hook in her wrist. Ralph cuts it out, and applies his lips to the wound to draw out any possible poison. At that moment, Talbot Denby—who has been informed of the Earl's testamentary resolve, and hence wishes to marry Veronica—comes" upon the pair. Talbot insults Ralph, who replies coolly, and meets a threat of violence by seizing Denby's stick and, breaking it. Talbot complains to the Earl, who, however, after hearing Ralph's version of the affair, takes no action. Veronica, angry with herself for her rising interest ha Ralph, treats him with stinging contempt. She meets with an accident, however, when riding, and is touched with remorse at the tender and respectful manner in which he carries her to a neighbouring hut, and attends to her injured foot. •

• CHAPTER XI. With the assistance of Goodwin, who was much 1 • more flurried and upset than her mistress, 'Veronica hobbled to her room. The doctor had : already been sent for, and he arrived by the time . she had exchanged her habit for one of the loose and costly robes which it pleases ladies to call a dressing-gown. . Lord Lynborough came up with him, and though he attempted to *conceal it, exhibited a concern and anxiety which surprised and touched . Veronica. 1 "Why were you without a groom ?" he asked, ! ; severely. "Are you in much pain? Isn't the foot very much swollen? Are you sure it's only a sprain ? " . "I sent Brown back," said Veronica, almost humbly. "There are times when it annoys me to have him pounding after me; I, enjoy my ride so much more when 1 am alone." . "I daresay. We most of us enjoy being alone and unhampered by attendants, but—" He shrugged his shoulders as he looked down at her . with his cynical smile. : "It is only a sprain, there is nothing broken, I am rejoiced to find," said the old-fashioned doctor, in his courtly way. "It was very wise of you to have the boot removed."' "It was not I who thought of it, but—Ralph Farringdon, the gamekeeper," said Veronica, reluctantly, as if she could not withhold from him his due. "It was he who caught the mare, and car—took me to the hut and—sent for the carriage, and--" Lord Lynborough frowned. "It seems to me . that this young man is very much in evidence. ' But I suppose you rewarded him? If not, I will send for him—" "Oh, no, no!" sprang from her lips, hastily; "please don't do anything of the sort. I moan" —the colour came to her face—"l mean that he would not like it." . ' "Alt, yes; I remember he refused the sovereign I offered him the other day," remarked the Earl. "A singular young man! Such pride is rather uncommon in men of his class. But I am glad he was so thoughtful, Lind I will send for him and thank him.' "I don't think you need do so," said Veronica, orith a fine attempt at casualness. "I thanked him." "Ah, welt i - assented the Earl. "But I trust this will be a lesson to you not to go out un- attended for the future." "Oh, yes, the lesson is there all right enough," said Veronica, looking down at her foot on which the doctor was skilfully putting a cold compress. "I hope I shan't be lame long, Dr. Thorne ? " "Lame! He was shocked at so serious a word in connection with the great lady of the Court. "Oh, no, my dear young lady; it depends upon yourself. Rest, rest is the most efficacious cure for a sprain. I will come again this evening and see how you are getting on. Now, mind, I beg of you; rest—perfect rest." • "That young fellow has saved Miss Denby a week in bed at least," he said to the Earl as they went downstairs. "If he had allowed the boot to remain on, or had let her use the foot, the inflammation would haVe been more serious. • Who do you say he is? I don't remember the name." "Humph!" responded the Earl. "A new keeper. A good-looking young fellow, who is a . kind of favourite with Miss Denby. You are sure there is nothing more than a sprain? You , will look in this evening, without fail ? " ; Veronica got rid of Goodwin as soon as she , could, and closing her eyes leant back and . recalled the incidents of the morning. It was not 'only her foot that was burning—she was burning all over with a sensation that was not far removed from shame and self-reproach. She had permitted Ralph Farringdon to carry her—he had held her in his arms twice that morning !—but, worse, she had—there was no use in endeavouring to stifle or dodge her accusing conscience—hobnobbed with him—there was no other word for it—as if he had been her equal; and, still worse, she had used all her feminine artifices to win his regard, to ensnare his admiration! In the moments of her physical weakness, under the strain of her pain and the influence of her gratitude, the meaning of the course she was pursuing had not been realised by her; but now, now she was away from him, she realised it fully, and it sent hot waves of blood through her veins. She confessed to herself that she had not felt affronted, indignant when he had put his arms round her; that she had been conscious of a sense of pleasure in his society ;'that the sound of his voice was like music in her ears, and never more pleasant than when he had faltered under the influence of her eyes, her smile; that she had not been anxious for the carriage to arrive, was, indeed, almost sorry, notwithstanding the pain, when it did conic; and that she had tempted. invited, almost forced him to take her in his arms again. "Oh, I must be lost to all sense of shame and decency! Proud! I can't have more pride than a beggar woman!" she almost moaned. 'To condescend to flirt—yes, I did flirt with him— with a—a—gamekeeper ! Have I gone mad suddenly, or is it some bad strain of blood in me ? How strong'he was—and yet how gentle! .ul how -ielicately considerate. It was he who was anx-ous for the carriage to come. No gentleman could have been more consiilerate, more careful. And I behaved like—like a Fanny Mason! Yes, that describes my conduct. I took \advantage of my position, of his helplessness luid chivalry, and made him admire me, and— and--- Oh, I'M not fit to live—here at Lyne Court, at any rate, unless as a housemaid. Yes, that is my proper place, for :T. have behaved jus,t like one. ' Perhaps if I'd be a housemaid he would have responded, for I invited him. I did, 1 did. I 4.1;#11 A./el—and should T have been *O3 mom mute aql 'vim I •Iged Sue passoia aq eauis aaAa tuiq Jo guplum wog am ; Irma atlptta 11113 I 4110 r: paumsaid nett Oti xi Lam

===== 0002601_19070824_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
Satutday, August 24, 1907

perfectly quiet, and the landlord, an ex-prize- "I'm—l'm very sorry," he murmured, with deep fighter, though he eyed Ralph with a kind of sympathy. sullen dislike, answered his questions civilly, He understood now why Burchett had lived but with a reserve and suggestion of suspicion alone, and was so grim and taciturn. which did not escape Ralph. Burchett drew a long breath like a man in "Many strangers about, Groser ?" he asked. pain. "My only sister," he said. "And I loved "Not as I've seen," replied Groser ; "but we her. I don't know why I told you. Oh, yes, don't have many visitors in these parts. Was you we were speaking of Sydney Whetstone." askin' for any reason ? " "He was looking at a miniature when I went "Not particularly," said Ralph; "though, by the back," said Ralph, in a low voice. way, I came across rather a rough specimen of a Burchett sighed. "Yes; he had it drawn from tramp this morning." a photograph, and he wears it night and day." "Oh," said Groser, indifferently. "I ain'f He paused a moment or two then he looked seen no tramp, and don't know as I want to. across at Ralph, who Sat with two, elbows on his Ralph resumed his round, and did not reaeh knees and his chin in his hand. "I've cause to the hut until nearly dark. Burchett was getting warn you against the kindness of the gentry, the supper, and looked up with a nod as Ralph lad," he said, gravely. "It's crueller than their entered wearily and went to his room for a wash. coldness and their neglect. If Janet had been Biirchett was particularly quiet during supper left here with me, and they'd never have taken and afterwards, as he sat smoking, as if he were notice of her, perhaps she'd have been Sydney lost in thought, and Ralph seemed equally Whetstone's wife, and happy! instead of which disinclined to talk; but presently he spoke of the _I should have left the place, but the Countess building of the weir and the cutting down of the begged me to stay, and I thought that perhaps trees on the boundary. Janet might come back and find me gone, and "I hope you don't think I've been taking too —so I stayed. But she never came back, and much on myself? As I told Mr. Whetstone, it's I'm thinking she's dead long ago! Yes; their your business." kindness is more cruel than their coldness. Burchett accepted the apology with a wavo of Beware of it, lad! Miss .Veronica, there--" his hand. Ralph started to his feet, his face aflame, and "Rather a singular man, Mr. Whetstone," sai4 ! laughed harshly. - "What has Miss Denby got to Ralph, musingly. "So • absent-minded and pre. do with me or I with her ?" he said, defiantly. occupied. He was extremely kind to me, however. I Burchett raised his thick brows. "1 saw her He looked as if he had had trouble of some kind, face as I stood in the doorway this morning; it and as if it had aged him." i was all smiles, and you sat there feeding on Burchett nodded and frowned over his pipe. ! them, drinking them in." "You're right, lad, he has," he said, gravely,. i Ralph laughed with almost fierce repudiation. "Sydney Whetstone' was one of the brightest and "Why, she thinks of me as the dirt under her cheeriest of men—one time. Trouble, yes." He feet!" he exclaimed. "Do you take the West was silent for a moment or two, during •Nhich spinney to-night, or shall I ? ' Ralph's thoughts, much to his annoyance, strayed ~I," said Burchett. "You stay in and rest; back to Veronica; then Burchett went on in a you've had a long day." - low, grim voice: "It all came of a girl; it i But Ralph shook his head and caught up his generally does." ; gun. "I'm as fresh as paint," he said, resolutely. "Yes," said Ralph. "The French say, when- “I'll go. Hi, Bess! Hi, Tenzer!" ever there is • anything wrong, 'Find the The dogs sprang to their feet yelping woman ! ' " . delightedly, and Ralph, after pausing to fill his , "Ah ! " Burchett drew a long breath. "Yes, it's pipe, went out. always the woman. Sydney Whetstone fell in 1 The dogs followed him out of the hut, then love with a girl. She was the belle of the place, 1 Bess stopped and ran, sniffing and whining, and most of the young fellows were after her. he broke off, wiping his !towards some bushes close at hand. Ralph called It's hot to-night, lad, :to her peremptorily, and she came to heel brow. !obediently, but looking over her shoulder wist- Ralph rose and set the door open, and the scent fully. •of the roses in the rough little garden poured 1 I 1 When Ralph and the dogs had been gone a few in. He stood for a moment looking into the ! minutes, a man, who had been crouching under darkness of the night, and a lovely face with the bushes which Bess had regarded so sus- violet eyes and soft, dark hair floated before 1 piciously, rose and sneaked off into the opposite him. With a movement of . impatience he went 1 direction. back. to his seat. Burchett was leaning heavily I It was the tramp of the bandaged hand and on the arms of his chair, his brows drawn with , the inquiring mind, and his evil face wore an some memory. expression which shifted from one of doubt into "She was up at the Court, a kind of companion intense satisfaction." and work-girl to the Countess, the present Earl's" It's the same name," he muttered; "it's the mother. Her ladyship had taken a great fancy same place! It must be all right. If it is, your to her, and liked to have her always about her, fortune's made, Jimmy, my boy! Why, love me, for the girl was bright and cheerful, and had' nice lif I ain't struck a streak of pure gold, and no ways." His voice grew - lower and he gazed ! end to it—no end to it ! " grimly at the floor. "Sydney was a clerk in Ralph strode quickly through the wood. At London then, but he came down for all his another time he would have paid more heed to holidays for his hert was given to the girl, and the disquietude of the dog; but at this moment he could think o' nothing and no one else." he was so absorbed by conflicting emotions that "And did she return his affection ? " said his ordinary caution and alertness were in Ralph, trying to concentrate his mind on abeyance. Burchett's story. ' Burchett's warning rang in his ears. NotWith- "Yes ; for a time, at any rate; and he was the standing his almost fierce repudiation of the happiest of men. Mind, I'm hot saying that suggestion that he was unduly interested in Miss there was anything definite between them, that Veronica, he had an uneasy sense that Burchett there was a formal engagement; but she seemed other young was right. He tried to laugh at the idea, but to like him better than any of the o g the laugh was a failure, and so he fell to self- fellows, and walked out with him of evenings, scorn, and inwardly called himself a fool. when she wasn't wanted at the Court. Whetstone "Yes, that is what I am," he mused, bitterly. was half mazed wi' love for her, and wanted her ' put to marry him, but she'd shilly-shally. an "The worst kind of fool and idiot. What have I got to do with the great lady of the Court? him off, as if she didn't know her own mind; and `Been kind to me.' Of course! Why not? She'd he'd go back to London,' half fearful, half be kind to a—to a dog, if she was in the mood. hopeful." And she was in the mood to be kind to-day, as "Poor fellow!" said Ralph, with a sympathy it was her whim to be cold and insolent yesterday which surprised himself. —as it will be to-morrow. Perhaps she was "At that time," Burchett went on after a feeling a little grateful because she was in pain, I pause, "there used to be plenty of company at and I'd come up at the right moment to help her. Veronica looked up. The Earl had seated ! the Court; summer an' shootin' parties; and —How gentle she was, when she told me that she himself on one of the stone benches, and was 1 the big house would be full of visitors, grand had been poor, how soft her voice drew! One leaning forward with both hands on his gold- I gentlemen and Thee ladies, and—and they made a would never believe it could be so soft. And her headed stick, his keen eyes fixed on Ralph's , good deal of—of di.. girl. I said she was pretty face was quite altered, with all the pride gone face as he stood with his accustomed ease and . and bright, didn't I? " out of it and her eyes like—like—what are the uncenscious grace; one hand held his gun, butS - , Ralph nodded. lines ?—' Like violets washed in dew'." the other clutched his cap rather tightly. "Well, one day, just after Sydney Whetstone Ho stopped short and drew his hand across his "Miss Denby has already thanked me, my had gone back to London with a kind of promise brow with a gesture that was very nearly one of lord," he said in a low voice, with his head from her that she'd think of marrying him, dismay. "There I. am again, notwithstanding erect, but his eyes on the ground. something—something happened." • Burchett's warning, thinking of her, picturing "No doubt, no doubt, assented the Earl, Ralph re-lit his pipe and glanced expectantly her! It seems as if I could not, get her out of graciously; "but she wished to do so more fully- at the stern face. my mind. The whole place seems full of her:--" I myself add my thanks." "She disappeared," said Burchett, hoarsely. he glanced round him confusedly, then he ' Ralph inclined his head. Veronica had raised "Disappeared?" echoed Ralph. frowned and swore under his breath. "Why 'her eyes, and his seemed drawn to them, though Burchett nodded grimly. "Yes," he said, shouldn't I think of her? Thought is rice. The he evidently tried to avoid them. "disappeared; went and left no word behind lowest of men can think. if he likes. And what ' "I did very little my lord," he said. "The her." harm can it do her if I consider her to be the accident would not have occurred if the mare had "Good Heavens ! " exclaimed Ralph, in a low loveliest, the sweetest? Oh, Great Heaven! what been more strongly bitted and double-reined." voice. "Do you mean that that she was is the matter with me? Is there something in "Eh—what?" said the Earl. "El; Veronica, murdered? You can't mean that!" the air of this place that robs a fellow of his is that so ? " "Worse," said Burchett, thickly. "She'd gone strength and grit. If so, the sooner I clear out "I daresay !" Veronica replied with careful off with one of the grand gentlemen at the the better. ' Will you move your chair so that I indifference. "I will ask Brown to see to it. Court." can see you, please ? ' How sweetly she said Thank you, Farringdon, for your care of me." . Ralph's face grew red, then paled. "You— that; not proudly, as if she were addressing a It was the first time she had addressed him by ' you mean that—that she eloped with someone ? " servant, but an equal." He swore again and name, and all unconsciously she. pronounced it "Yes ; she ;was led astray, ' said Burchett, his reddened with shame for his weakness. 'Oh, I'll in her sweetest tones; and Veronica's tone could fau f--- e darkening. have to go, that's evident!" be deadly, fatally sweet, when she chose. The, "But you traced her 'you found out who the He laughed with self-contempt and walked on blood rushed to Ralph's face, and he looked aside , scoundrel was ? " still more quickly, trying to concentrate his as he bowed his acknowledgment. 1 Burchett shook his head. "No. The party attention on his work. The Earl gazed at him abstractedly. "No news broke up the day she left. And she left no clue. He had nearly traversed the wood when the respecting the game, Farringdon ?" he said. Sydney Whetstone came down from London dogs which unnoticed by him, had been running "No, my lord," said Ralph, turning from the heart-broken and tried to find her. What's hither and thither and whimpering, set up a violet eyes with something like relief. "The that ? " sharp yap of warning, and dashed in front of young birds are doing very well—if the poachers One of the dogs had stirred uneasily, and him, and he saw a- man running smartly for the " would leave the covers alone. , leaking towards the door had growled sus- fence which divided the wood from the road. ' The Earl frowned, and a spot of red came into picieusly. Ralph went to the door and looked Ralph set off after him, calling to him to stop; his bloodless cheeks. "Poachers! Where are round, but nothing was to be seen. I but the man gained the fence and half leaped, half they? I thought there were none on the estate." "A bird or a rat, I suppose," he said, and he i tumbled over it as Ralph, clearing the rails I "Well, there are none, or :only one or two," touched the doe with his foot reprovingly. "Go almost at the same moment, seized him by the said Ralph, quite unembarrassed now that the con- on " lie said in a low voice. "Poor girl, poor I collar. The man struggled, but Ralph's grip was versation had shifted on to professional grounds;? Whetstone! " . I like that of a vice, and after a moment he stood "and we know who they are; but there are some "You may well say so," said Burchett, with a still, swearing tinder his breath. strangers who come from the neighbouring heavy . si_h g "It was a terrible blow for him, I Ralph dragged him from under the shadow of estates, and from London even. They put up at He hunted for her, night and day, for months— ! the trees and saw that it was the man with the the Dog and Owl; it's a nest of them." London Paris, everywhere—but could find no ! bandaged hand. , The Dog and Owl was a low-browed, evil-little trace of' her. When he came back his hair was I "What are you doing here ?" he asked, rather pub on the high road just off the Lynne lands. as white as you see it now, and he that was so 'glad to find someone he could he angry with re 1 "We must close it,' said the Earl, easily. lightsoe a lad was an e beside ged man," ' • I de himself. "De you know ' that you are Ralph shook his head. "Y9ii can't, sir—my "He must have loved her," said Ralph in a low trespassing ? " lord, I mean." voice. "Quiet, Bess! What ails the dog ? " She "Am I? " replied the man with covert 1 "Oh, can I not!" remarked the all-powerful had growledagain • and half-risen. "Can there insolence. "Why, now! I thought as how this Earl, drily. be anyone about ? " was the high road, mister!" . "No, my lord. They keep a quiet house and Burchett shook his head. "Who should there "You were in the woods a moment ago when I . well within the law. There are no complaints, be ?" he replied, absently. "No one would come called to you," said Ralph, sternly. so the police say; though the men who use it here so close to the hut, where they'd know the "Was I? I think you're mistook," said the are the men who give us most trouble." a squirrel. man with a laugh. 'The light ain't verygood, "Well, would hear them. It's a rat or, 0 1 "Well, watch it; watch it I " retorted his lord- Quiet, girl ! " : and I think it kind of deceived you. Don't you ship, laconically. The dog crouched down again obediently, but shake me, mister "—Ralph had given him a ! "I will," responded Ralph,in a tone so similar still eyed the door suspiciously as she lay with shake—"and 'ave the goodness to take your 'and that Veronica started. The Earl also seemed to her nose on her paws. , off me; you're spoiling my collar. D'ye 'ear! .be struck with the resemblance, and he gazed at ~ yes _ ; he loved her with all his heart and Let me go, or I'll have the law of you. This is i the young fellow with a contemplative frown, soul," said Burchett. "I'm thinking that that the King's 'lghway, and nobody hasn't the right then rose. In doing so he dropped his stick, kind o' lore has gene out of fashion., and that to interfere with a man when he's done no 'arm and Ralph steeped quickly, and picking it up man and women have changed, and take it more On it, Leggo ! " handed it to hini. The Earl took it and scanned easily nowacla-, s. It broke up Sydney Whetstone." Ralph forced him up against a tree, and hold- Ralph's features closely. "And—and you never discovered with whom ing him, eyed him keenly. "I 'believe you were • "Thanks, thanks," he said, harshly, as ho she had gone ? " asked Ralph. poaching,' he said, sternly. moved away. "You may go now. ifurchett shook his head again. "No. The The man grinned. ' "Oh, ' you do; do you ? "Wait," said Veronica in a low voice, and she day she disappeared most of the company left the Then you're wrong. Take your hand out o'. my motioned 'to Ralph to stay. Court, as I say. The Earl himself left the day collar. I'm 'alf choked. Pottehin' I Where's Ho. moved a step nearer to her and stood afterwards. The Countess his mother, was my gun? I ain't so much as a, stick." looking down at her expectantly. Her eyes were much grieved, for she was fend of the girl, and "But you may have a snare," said Ralph; "and downcast, her lips curved proudly. did all she could to help find her; but it all came I'm going to search you." "You have brought my boot," she said, care- to naught." The man laughed defiantly. "Now, don't you lessly. "I left my handkerchief in the hut; did ~But—but surely she must have been seen -with be so uppish, young man," lie said, with a you happen to see it? Is it there ? " some one of them ? " said Ralph. "It must have mixture of defiance and cajoll&y. "I suppose a . He was taken unawares, and his hand went been noticed that one of them was paying her man can take a walk in your confounded woods towards his breast-pocket. but he hesitated and attentions." without being mauled by every whipper-snapper." let the hand fall to his side. . "She was a favourite with them all, and all of "Turn out your pockets," said Ralph, who had "No," he said. "No, it is not there." them were fond of talking to her , and paying grown cooler by this time. "If you refuse, I'll Veronica's eyes opened fully and rested on his her-compliments," said Burchett, gloomily. keep you here until the policeman comes along— until they fell beneath her direct gaze. "And the Earl, did he help too ? " asked it's about his time—and give you in charge as a - "Ah, thanks," she drawled, slowly. Ralph susPicious character." find it, please give it to my maid." "He went abroad," replied Burchett. "He was The man's evil face was twisted into a leer I a careless, flighty young man in those days, and that was intended to be ingratiating. "Look a bit heartless." ak 'ere, Mr. Ralph Farringdon, ' he said, per- Ralph looked up quickly, but Burchett shook suasively, "don't you make yourself unpleasant his head. to me ' • don't you, now! I ask you to treat me "He was engaged to be married to one of Lord like a friend, for I've a kind o' friendly feelin' Saintsbury's daughters," he said, as if replying to you. Yes, •I have," as Ralph expressed his a.' sense of the value of the assertion by a little to Ralph's questioning glance. "But he didn't marry her ? " shake. "I'd do you a good turn, if it came in "No; she died. The Earl was sorry enough. my way; and who knows as it won't? Who Sorry for Sydney Whetstone as well as the girl, knows, I say--" ' for when he came back to the Court—he witi "Turn them out!" said Ralph, grimly. away some time—he sent for Sydney Whetstone, one of the keepers, as you know." who was starving in London—for he was almost "kou're an insolent and over-bearing dog cf a demented—and made him steward." puppy!" snarled the man. "There, then! "And nothing was heard of his sweetheart?" Ho turned out his trouser and coat side-pockets, asked Ralplii muttering to himself, and glaring iat Ralph. tl ' Burchett shook his head. "Nothing. She There was some money and odd things—a big disappeared as completely as if she'd died that knife among them—but no snare. Ralph's eves night. ' went to tam man's breastpoeket, and lie pointed "It is a stranlo story," said Ralph. musingly, to it • y the way, you navent't told me her name. "Turn that out," he said. What was it ? " • • tlicre--" "Janet Burchett, replied Burchett, almost "The man's hand flew to the pocket as if inaudibly, involuntarily, and Ralph, jumping to the con- Ralph started. "She was--?" elusion that he had bowled him out, tore open "My sister," said Burchett, hoarsely, his head the coat and pullia out an old pocket-book much irooping on his breast. bulged by its contents. There was nothitig else. Ralph coloured and turned his eyes away. The man uttered a snarl—the snarl of a dog

Yes; I must get Lord Lynb3rough send hire away ! " Her cheeks were still burning when Goodwir came in on tiptoe. "For goodness' sake don't creep about as if 1 were dying!" remonstrated Veronica, with novel sharpness. "I beg your pardon, miss!" said poor Good- win. still flurried and emotional. "It's Fanny Masan. She came this morning." "Oh, let her come in," said Veronica. The mention, the appearance of Fanny acted like a cold douche, and brought her back to het senses. Fanny came in, all respectful concern and anxiety. "Oh, miss, it's so kind of you to me," she said, hurriedly, "and I do hope it'. nothing serious. I met Mr. Ralph just now, and he said it was a bad sprain he was aleared. How fortunate he should have been on the spot! Bid there, I told him last night that he was a lucky young man ! " "Last night ? " said Veronica, rather coldly. "Yes, miss; he looked in with the fish you sa kindly sent us, and stopped and had a bit of supper. Mother is always so pleased when he drops in, he's so pleasant and friendly and nice; so different to the other keepers and men on the estate. He seemed quite anxious about you, miss, when I met him just now; and he said as how you were so brave, and made light of the hurt, though he knew it must have pained you terrible—" "Ah, Tea, yes, I daresay," said Veronica, breaking in upon the glib and fluent words, every one of which seemed to jar upon her inex- plicably. "There's a dress I put aside for you, Fanny. Goodwin has it; it's too slight for her. I am glad "—stemming Fanny's torrent of gratitude—"l am glad 'Ralph Farringdon cornea and sees you. He must feel lonely sometimes. And it's very nice of you to be so kind to him. Good-bye. I hope the dress will not want much altering; it won't, I think, for you and I are ' about the same size." "And they call you proud, miss!" ' broke, apparently. involuntarily, from Fanny's lips. Veronica turned away, her face suddenly scarlet. "Proud!" She laughed bitterly. "Oh, that's a mistake, Fanny, isn't it? Good-bye." She lay for hours on the sofa trying not to think of Ralph, or, If she must think of him, trying to couple him in her thoughts with Fanny ,Mason • but at last she could bear the silence and solitude of the room no longer, and insisted upon being carried downstairs and on to the terrace. But, alas! it was the very worst thing she could have done if she wanted to escape from thinking of Ralph, for she had not been reclining in the deck chair many minutes before the Earl came out, leaning upon his stick, and, looking down at her considerately, said: "The young fellow has brought up your boot and wants to know how you are, Veronica." She made a peevish little movement with the shoulder nearest him. "Oh, well, tell him I'm all right," she said. "What on earth was the use of bringing the boot It is of no use." The garl was a just man, though a proud and stern. 'He did right to bring it,', he said, laconically. "I'll thank him and send him away." "Yes—but please don't offer him money," said Veronica. The Earl smiled grimly. "If you can't trust to my discretion, you'd better thank him your- self. Send Farringdon here," he said to the footman in attendance. Veronica opened her lips to stop him, but,witn a sense of helplessness, turned over on her side and lay with her cheek in her hand, fighting to keep the colour from her face. She did not raise her eyes as she heard Ralph's step, but she was obliged to do so when the Earl said: "Farringdon, Miss Denby desires to thank you for your services this morning. I understand that but for your promptitude and resource her accident might have been more serious even than it is."

CHAPTER XII.

"If yon

Ralph left the terrace in a rage with himself. Why hadn't he returned the handkerchief with the boot? Why had he been such an idiot as to tell a kind of lie? Surely nothing would have been easier than to have taken the thing from his ; pocket and given it to her; and yet he had felt— and still felt—that he could not part with it. Why on earth should she care whether she got it back or not? Surely she must have too many l•—nlkerchiefs to miss one; to care whether it wniv lost or not?

"I'm

He felt strangely disturbed and restless; the incidents of the morning pestered him; he could not forget Veronica's face or her voice, though he tried to do 80, and was full of scorn, for himself because he could not succeed.

He tramped for many a mile over the estate, walking quickly as a man will when he is trying to get away from his thoughts; and on his round, PSI he passed the Do a and Owl. he stonoed and went in tor a glass of ale and a general survey. The tramp with the bandaged hand was sitting in the bar as Ralph approached, and, as he entered, the man got up quickly and dived into the back of the premises. The house seemed

"If there is nothing

-

fromlvhich a tasty bone has been snatched—and with an awful oath flung out his hands. "You thief!" he cried, hoarsely. "You thief! Gimme back my property ! " In his fury he shook himself free from Ralph's grasp and flung himself upon him, snarling and swearing savagely. Ralph grappled with him—it was difficult to avoid handling the man roughly— and flung him to the ground. "Get up," he said, sternly. "Get up and go; but remember the warning I gave you. If I find you on the Court lands again, give you in charge for trespassing or poaching. There's your pocket-boo k. " The man snatched at it and returned it to its place. His face was livid with fury as he shook his fist in Ralph's face.

" You—you-Lhound ! You'll find that this is the worst night's work you've ever done! You've turned your best friend agen you. You've— Yah ! I'll be even with you if it costs me a fortune," he snarled, tugging at his neck which still felt the pressure of Ralph's hand. "Be off!" said Ralph. "Be off, and thank your stars that you've got clear. And remember what I say--" "Yes. And you remember what I say!". retorted the man, furiously; "for as sure as my name's Jim Oatway, I'll make you repent this night's work!" With another snarl and a muttered imprecd- Um?, the man slunk off; and Ralph, after watch- ing him for a moment, vaulted the fence and tramped homewards. "That's done me good," he said, cheerfully. "I wanted a row with someone, and Mr. James Oatway was kind enough to oblige. I wonder what was in that pocket-book ? "

U ha could have known! (To 6. continued.)

A Silent Singer. Wasted through Anremia, Weak, Voiceless, and an Invalid, Brought Back to Health by

===== 0002601_19070824_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
DLIVILLIAMS' PINK PILLS

A familiar figure some years ago at Exeter concerts was a young lady who is now the wife of Mr. J. Hooper, of Landscore-road, Exeter. This lady suddenly can- celled all her musical engagements, and only recently' a "Western Times" reporter elicited the reason from Mrs. Hooper herself.

---.!-!-Ll4

4EEEM-_.r

tins. NELLIE HOOPER, of Exeter, cured by

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

"People wondered where I had disappeared to," she said, "but the fact was that from my eighteenth year I had always been delicate. I grew gradually weaker, until after my marriage I was helpless and able to do little for my husband or children. My nerves were completely shattered and dreadful headaches quite prostrated me. Doctors were consulted, but it seemed as though medicine was useless. I was wasting away rapidly through pernicious anemia, without strength to dress myself. For twelve months I hardly knew what restful sleep was. "One day my husband said he was determined that I should give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People a trial. I did, and I had taken these pills only a few weeks when I felt much stronger and life bad a brighter outlook. After a time I was well enough to attend to. my household duties. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills brought colour to my cheeks, my nerves became strong and my voice returned. I recommend all mothers who stiffer in any way to turn to Dr. Williams' Pinks Pills, the only medicine that ever did me any real good." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People area wonder- ful blood-making Nerve and Muscular Tonic. They have cured Anemia, Indigestion, Rheumatism, Sciatica, St. Vitus' Dance, Skin Disorders. Neuralgia, Paralysis and Ladies' Ailments. Sold by dualers, or from the British Depot, 46, Holhorn-viaduct, London, post free. 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for-13s. 9d.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

A meeting of this Board was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, Mr. NV. Houghton presiding. There were also present :—Mrs. Wilkinson, Mrs. Simpson, Miss Broadbent, Rev. M. Ryan, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, X. Billinge, W. Gill, J. Evans, W. C. Brooks. S. Davies, A. Brooks, G. Mather, M. W. Seton, W. Furness, J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wright (superintendant of Cottage Homes.).

===== 0002601_19070824_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
TREATMENT OF IMBECILES.

The Conway Guardians wrote asking the Board to- support a resolution drawing attention to the desirability of establishing homes far imbeciles with a view to• relieving the present undue pressure on the accommoda- tion of lunatic asylums and Workhouses believing that such persons could be more adequately cared for an& trained to do work which would be advantageous to the institutions as well as to the inmates.

The CLERK said the subject was at present before. the Lancashire Board of Guardians. A short time ago a meeting was held at Preston and a committee repre- senting tbe Councils and the various Unions was. appointed to take the matter in band. The CHAIRMAN: It is no new movement. There is a great deal to be said on both sides.

INMATE WRITES TO THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BGARD. The Local Government Board wrote stating that they had replied as follows to a commnnication from an inmate named Benjamin Budge :—" Sir, 1 am directed by the Local Government Board to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 28th ult. and to state that subject to the regulations in force, the question of a Workhouse inmates' temporary leave of absence is one for the Guardians to decide. Any complaint you may desire to make should be laid in the first instance before the Visiting Committee of the Board of G uardia ns."

The CHAIRMAN: No doubt that was the course be should have adopted. I take it your Board will simply put it before the Committee. _

Mr. Mr MATHER . Take no notiep. ._..

The CHAIRMAN: Refer it .to the House Committee. Miss BROADBENT : He has been discharged. The matter was referred to the House Committee.

Charles Winterbottom, a well-dressed Oldham man, rushed in before a cart on Wednesday and deliberately placed his head under the wheel. He was instantly killed.

At Rochdale on Wednesday a woman was ordered to gaol for two months for striking a publican in the face and breaking a nurnker of pots, glasses. and windows. Though only thirty, she had already been convicted 48 times.

L

===== 0002601_19070824_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
PIANOS & ORGANS

AB the Best Makers.

LOWEST TERMS FOR CASH. GENEROUS TERMS FOR EASY PAYMENTS. OLD INSTRUMENTS TAKEN IN EXCHANGE.

RICHMOND JONES & SONS, 11 & 13 BERRY STREET, Top of Bold Street,

LIVERPOOL.

WRITE on CALL FOR ILLUSTRATED • CATALOGUE. •

===== 0002601_19070824_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH FLOWER SHOW.

Fine weather attended the holding of the annual exhibition promoted by the Penketh, Sankey and District Garden and Cage Bird Society. on Saturday afternoon in a field off Warrington-road, Penketh. Last year the prize money was £25, which was an increase on the previous year, but this year it jumped to £2, and it was the means of attracting a very good entry. The gardens were judged on Wednesday, and the judges were loud in praise of the interest displayed in them by the cottagers. The Tannery allotment gardens as well as those in Hood-lane were pictures to admire. The exhibits at. the show were also of a moderately good class having due regard to the rainy season, and only fell a little short of last year's display in excell- ence of quality. But if the weather conditions are not. favourable the very hest cannot be expected, though it must be admitte.l that in some instances the exhibits did not betoken the angry mood in which the weather clerk had been for the past. few months. There were some grand specimens of peas, potatoes and vegetables, while in flowers, the dahlias and sweet peas led the way. In the cage-bird section. there was a decrease in entries, but the quality of the exhibits was no to the standard. and the judge had some little difficulty in allotting the prizes. The show was opened shortly after three o'clock by the President, Mr. :f. G. Withinshaw, in the absence of Mr. James Dodds. Mr. Withinshaw said he was sorry Mr. Dodds was unable to open the show for them owing to indisposition. They sympathized with him very much, and hoped he would soon be restored to .bealth. He was slso sorry owing to the cold and damp season they were prevented from having a much better show, though the exhibits they had reflected great credit upon those who had entered them. Another year the com- mittee hoped by arranging several improvements to have a much larger exhibition, providing, of course, that the weather was favourable. There were seseral new attractions this year, and they were deeply obliged to their Runcorn friends for coming to help them. He had much pleasure in declaring the show open. PRIZE LIST.

The following is the prize list:- GARDENS.-Large cottage flower garden: 1, Goulding; 2, J. Carrington. Small cottage garden in greetThouse : 1, T. Hampson. Medium, without: 1, M. Budden ; 2, John Leigh. Small, without: 1, J. Hall; 2, George Leigh. Kitchen garden : Equal first, J. Carman and George Leigh. Penketh allotments: 1, George Leigh; 2 Joseph Carman. Climbing rose: 2, .3., Carrington. Ampelopsis : 1, T. Bell 2, J. Dunabin. Creeper, any kind (except ivy) planted within the last two years: Equal first, George Carman and 13. Davies. PLANTS.-Window plant (fOliagel, any variety: 1, W. Lightfoot; 2, C. Bromley. Flowering window plant: 1, W. Jones. Cottage greenhouse plants: 1, I. Hampson • 2, J. Waine. Lilium- auratum : 2, I. Hampson. Cottage garden greenhouse: 1, S. Moss; 2, I. Hampson. Stand of plants and cut flowers from cottage garden and greenhouse: I. Hampson. Cur FLOWERS.-Cottage greenhouse roses: J. Waine. Roses, hybrid perpetuals : 1, J. Carrington; 2, J. Goulding.. Sweet peas : 1, D. Bonehill; 2, 3. Waine. Sweet peas, distinct : 1, J, Waine: 2, D. Bonehill. Roses, tea scented: J. Waine. Hollyhocks: 1, J. Waine; 2 J. Carrington. Hoses hybrid teas: 1, J. Davies ; 2,,J. Goulding. Six spikes antirrhinums: 1, 1. Hampsoil ; IS. Moss. Asters: 1, S. Moss; 2, J. Carrington. Carnations: 1, H. Bingham: 2, J. Isherwood. Picotees : 1, H. Bingham; 2, D. Bonehill. Spikes of phlox : 1, J. Carman; 2, J. Carrington. Violas: 1, J.Cartnan ; 2, H. Bingham. Violas variety: 1, H. Bingham ; 2. J. Davies. Violas, three varieties: 1, D. Bonehill; 2, H. Bingham. Distinct pansies: 1, S. Moss; 2, J. Carman. Fancy dahlias: 2, J. Goulding. Cactus Dahlias: 1, D. Bonehill ; 2, J. Goulding. Gladioli: 1, James Davies; 2, I. Hampson. Show dahlias : 1, 3. Goulding. Cactus dahlias : 1, J. Goulding 2, H. Bingham. Pompone dahlias: 1, J. Goulding; 2, J. Carrington. Flowers, any variety: 1,

c

CURES

ALWAYS 'MOTHER SEIGEL'S SYRUP gives you " / could not eat the least morsel with- health by restoring your stomach, liver, • out pain, followed by wind. I suffered and bowels to natural working activity constantly from headache with black ill-health is then impossible. It enables specks dancing before my eyes. But you to digest your food and to draw MOTHRR SEIGEL'S SYRUP cured me.'' from it the nourishment it Contains: Mrs. Barnes, 139, Upper Bridge Road, - strength is then assured. - - Chelmsford. -

===== 0002601_19070824_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Indigestion Gild Biliousness

The 2)6 Bottle contains three times as much as the 1,1./j sire,

)

===== 0002601_19070824_art0020.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4 ' 1 ;1,

===== 0002601_19070824_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
S. Moss; 2, J. Carrington. Sunflowers: 2. j. Carring- ton. Bouquet of wild flowers (children under 13 years) : 1, F. Atherton; 2, W. Foden ; 3, G. Tarborton. Essay on wild flowers of the district (boys under 13 years), won by J. Erwin. VEGETABLES AND FRUIT.-Red potatoes: 1, J. Carman; 2, J. Isherwood. White potatoes: 1, J. Goulding; 2, P. Sparkes. Vegetabl es : 1, J. Carman: 2, P. Sparkes. Celery: 1, 3. Carman; 2. H. Bingham. Lettuce: 1, S. Moss; 2, J. Wheeler. Parsley: 1, S. Moss: 2, J. Carrington. Pea s: 1, J. Goulding; 2, 3. Carman. French beans: 1, J. Wheeler ; 2. J. Leigh. Vegetable marrows, white: 1, S. Moss. Ms.rrows, green: 1. J. Goulding. Shallots: 1. S. Moss • 2, D. Bonohill. Cauliflowers : 1, H. Hinckling ; 12, Peter Sparkes. Spring onions : 1, H. Bingham. Apples, culinary: 1, B. Ireland; 2, J. Goulding. Apples, dessert: 1, J. Goulding; 2, J. Waine. Pears: 1, J. Waine. Any other variety of fruit : 1, J. Hampson ; 2, S. Moss. Beetroot : 1, S. Moss; 2, J. Goulding. Turnips: 1, J. Goulding; 2, P. Sparkes. GARDENERS or LocAt GENTRY.-Stand of vegetables, fruit and flowers : 1, S, MOM OPEN CLASSES.-Roses, six varieties: 2,3. Goulding TABLE DECORATION.-Decorated table by ladies: 1, Mrs. J. Waine. EGGs.-Brown, twelve: B. Ireland. BREADMAKING.-Loaf (home made), not exceeding 21b.: 1, Mrs. J. Plicenix ; 2, Mrs. A. A. Hobson. Loaf, home made, and baked in 21b. tins made from " Dreadnought" flour (prizes given by Messrs. J. Fairclough and Sons', Limited) : 1, Mrs. A. Hobson ; 2 Mrs. J. Pluenix ; 3, Mrs. A. Bowyer. CAGE BIRDS.-Norwich canary, yellow, clear ticked or unevenly marked, nest feather : 1, C. Boote ; 2, G. J. Jacks; 3; C. Houghton; vh c, S. Andrews. Buff Norwich canary: 1, C. Bnote ; 2, G. J. Jacks; 3, C. Houghton; vh 0, S. Andrews. Green Norwich canary: 1, S. Andrews; 2. G. J. Jacks: 3, H. Abbott; v h c and h 0, S. Andrews. Canary crest or crest bred: 1 and special, T. Fenney ; 2 and 3, S. Andrews; v h c, T. Fenny. Any other variety of canary: 1 and 2, S. Andrews ;3, W. Murray Old canary, any variety: 1 and 3, J. D. Leigh; 2, W. Murray; v h c, I. Hampson ; h c, C. Randle; c, J. H. Davies. Mule canary, any variety: 1 and vhc,J. H. Davies; 2 and 3. J. D. Leigh. British finch; 1 and hc, A. Mather; 2, W. Murray; 3, J. Frangleton ; v h c and C, E. Houghton. Foreign bird: 1 and special, J. -Swift 2 and special, v h c. and h c,C. H. Cook; 3, I Hampson; c, J. T. Ambler. Selling class; 1 and 3, S. Andrews ; 2, v h c, h c and c, I. Hampson. NOVICE dLASSES.-Norwich. clear ticked: 1, 2 and vhc, A. Young; 3 and h c, J. Dodson.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
Motor Cars in Collision

There was an alarming accident near Northwich on Sunday, two motor cars colliding at the crossroads, San ly Brow, Little Bud worth, between Northwich and Tarporley. One belonged to Messrs. Bellian and Davies, of Warrington, and was t. very powerful Darracq, weighing about. two tone. It contained several tradesmen of the town, who escaped unhurt, and the car itself was very slightly injured. The other, a much lighter car, fared far worse. It was owned and driven by Mr. W. F. Goldstraw, jeweller, Leek, Staffordshire and ran into the back of the Warrington car. The occupants were thrown Out, and two of them, Messrs. Hammond and Grace, sustained cuts and bruises. All the members of the party were badly shaken. The car itself was practically wrecked. Colonel Walker kindly placed his car at the disposal of Mr. Goldstraw and party. They were driven to Northvoich where they received every attention. Mr. Thompson, of the firm of Messrs. W. Thompson and Sons, Castle-street, motor and cycle works, went to the scene of the accident and with considerable diffi- culty he succeeded in'removing the car from the roadway on to the premises of Colonel Walker, all the wheels being smashed.

2

===== 0002601_19070824_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 24, 1907.

woman either for that matter—can be cal

lons

tears and pain and helplessness? Lockwood's stern face softened; he crossed• to where the girl sat.

"What is the matter?" he asked, dkough,aot ; very graciously. 1 She turned her head aside.

"Nothing!" she said. "Are you crying for nothing?" "No." "Are you hurt ? " "Only my ankle. I gave it a twist." "Can't you walk?" "No—l tried." "What are you going to do ? "Wait. It may get better." "It won't do that; the ankle will swell, ana make walking still more difficult." He stopped and bit his lip, looking to right and left; nslt a sign of life, not even the smoke ,of a cottage chimney. "Could you Walk—with help ? " he said, then. I "Perhaps." She was not responsive. Lockwood bit his lip again. How should he, "mere man" as he was, see through the little witch's strategy? She was paying him in his own • coin—sure way to whet his resolve. "Perhaps!" he repeated. "You must try. How long do you propose to remain here?" "I don't know. Someone will come."

! "To-morrow morning, maybe." She plucked 'up the moss, but said nothing. "It is folly to go on like this," said Lockwood, sternly. "You must let me help you. There is a cottage ' some half-mile from here. A trap can be sent 1 there for you."

Teresa rapidly reflected. So far she had • triumphed gloriously; but the cottage—the trap— 'might prove dangerous. In a minute she looked up. "Couldn't I get home? It's only a mile— by the field path.' ! 'lf you think you can walk as far." "I will try." ; She held out her hand, and he bent down and lifted her up. She winced, and uttered an ! exclamation of pain, but set her teeth as if , resolved to endure without complaint. I "Does it hurt very much ? " asked Lockwood, I with a swift look of pain on his handsome face. "Not very. I can bear it!" Whatever his manner might be, the hermit proved himself the tenderest and most capable of cavaliers. If Teresa's "twist" had been a real instead of a sham one, she could have 03vered the way to Beech Cottage without much pain. Lockwood stood a little over six feet, and, I though slight, was well knit, with muscles of ; steel; and Teresa was a light weight. He almost I carried her the greater part of the way, and I appeared to feel it no more than if the tall, I slender girl had been a baby. He seldom spoke, ; and never except to answer her, which he did briefly, as if something within him rebelled against the task which mere manhood—not to speak of gentilesse oblige—compelled him to perform. His stern silence seemed to repress Teresa; or was some new, as yet wholly incomprehensible, feeling taking possession of her warm young heart during that transit through the fields? "There is the cottage," she said at last, break- ing one of the long silences. "Your penance is near its close, Mr. Lockwood." He drew a quick, silent breath. Was it penance? Could flesh and blood that was mascu- line be indifferent to this winsome companion- ship—he the helper, too, and she the helped? She leant on his arm; so close to him that her soft brnath almost fanned his cheek; sometimes —liftiag her over some rough place—his arm was round her; he could feel the quick throb of her ,heart. Was not his very reticence a blind struggle against the forces that were drawing him on? An, because he was painfully conscious of being sorry rather than the reverse that his task was so nearly finished, he replied, almost coldly: "I am glad, for your sake.

_ "You are too polite to say for your own also," said Teresa, laughing. Lockwood bit his lip. had been polite," he said. "Well, not specially—but very kiwi." "How so? " ° "You have taken a great deal ,of trouble."

"I didn't know that I

"A great deal!" he-said, drily. Teresa glanced at him under her long lashes, and said no more until they reached the door of Beech Cottage. There she paused. "Won't you come in," she said, half-timidly, "and let my aunt thank you ? " He shook his head. "Please excuse me. I never call upon anyone. I will say good-bye here, and I hope you will soon be well.' "Thank you—and thank you so much for your help." She lifted her liquid grey eyes to him and held out her hand. He took it in his own, and the touch went straight to his heart. He released her with an effort, and said, quietly: "No man could have done less. Good evening." He lifted his hat and turned away.

Teresa stood still, watching him till he vanished round a turn in the lane. There was a half smile on her lips, but her eyes looked wistful. She was elated—she had scored; and yet, she was not quite as pleased with her success as she ought to have been. But it was not complete success. -Lockwood had broken away from the fetters— that would not do 1 The girl heard her name called, and turned to see Maggie's amazed face at the door.

"Teresa I" her cousin cried. "Have my eyed deceived me? Air. Lockwood—the hermit!"

Teresa began laughing. "To be sure," said she. "He came all the way through the fields with me. Oh, he'll be quite subdued by-and- bye ! " and she explained the situation. "Well," said Maggie, "you are a cure, Teresa! But how will you keep up the game ? "

"The twist? No need, mavourn- een ; a day or two will make it well. Besides-" She stopped. "Never mind, I've another card up my sleeve 1" "Take care, Teresa!" But Teresa only laughed and limped into the house.

She stayed indoors, or only went as far as the garden for the next week. "He'll miss me! said the witch to herself, with no idea of the forces she was playing with in Wilmot Lock- wood's nature and her own.

But if he missed her he gave no sign; if he walked along the accustomed ways, with unac- knowleded hopes, he did not betray himself. He fought still, fought fiercely, against the enemy— the enemy that wore so fair a face, with soft, xeet eyes that witched his soul, and lips he would have given all that he possessed to hold beneath his own.

But the week which was to do so much towards subjugating Wilmot Lockwood had an unlooked- for effect. Teresa had forgotten to reckon with herself! That she should vanquish the hermit was merely a matter of tune and stratagem; that the hermit should vanquish her was as com- pletely outside her calculations as if he had been an octogenarian.

And ro ! she found that she missed him—that the days dragged on drearily—that her thoughts were always dwelling on the walk through the fields, when she, impostor as she was! cheated the hermit out of kis kindness. Shame and repentance seized her. What had she been doing? She had not meant to burn him--pnly to singe; but she herself was burnt—right down into her heart. Oh, she had been wicked, foolish, unwomanly! -She did not spare herself, but used the thong with all the vigour of impul- sive, passionate youth. She must go back to Ireland; she could never face Lockwood again. She was justly punished, most justly.; it seemed to her in the new light shed upon her inner life a horrible thinc.r. that she had done and she (lc,.

1111 op

===== 0002601_19070824_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
tALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

THE HERMIT OF OAKDENE,

By INA LEON CASSILIS,

Author of "Is She Guilty?" "For Another's Sin," "Ivan Dmitri," "The World Against Her," "Philip Euston's Play," &e.

The girl sat on the beech-tree bough, swinging her pretty feet to and fro with the most perfect sang-froid, and a saucy smile on lips that seemed formed for smiles; the man stood looking at her. The girl was the loveliest witch that even the Emerald Isle can turn out—which is saying a great deal—fair of skin, with great dark-grey, long-lashed eyes, and tumble of silky chestnut curls over her head. Could anything masculine look on such a creature with displeasure ? Yet the features of the man wore a stern, uncom- promising look that the girl's witchery seemed to have DO power to soften. He was not an old man; he looked, despite the settled gravity of his countenance, scarcely forty. He was a very handsome man, too—tall, slight, erect, with finely-Cut features expres4ve of great force of character; short, dark curly hair clustered over his head— hair thick sown with grey. A moustache covered his upper lip, but check and chin were clean shaved. The whole appearance of the man was distinguished and picturesque; but his face just now was forbidding enough. "Perhaps you are aware," he said at last, "that you are on private ground ? " Considering that the minx had, with the com- bined agility and mischievousness of a schoolboy, climbed a tall fence' to get into the ground the question might seem superfluous. She nodded hei curly head, on the back of which a red Tam-W- Shanter sat jauntily. "To. be sure," she replied, with the sweetest of Irish voices and touch of the brogue. "Is the ground yours ? " "It is; and I choose to keep it private. I must ask you to leave it." "H'm " said the witch, not one jot abashed, with never a blush on her clear cheek under the gaze of the brilliant dark eyes below. "That's easier said than done."

She looked down at the mossy floor some twelve feet beneath her, then along the big bough, at the extremity of which she was seated. The man said, coldly: "You climbed up; suppose you can climb down again." "Indeed, but I can't," returned the young lady, mendaciously. "I'll have to sit here until some gamekeeper comes along and helps me down.'

"There are no gamekeepers—no one will pass this way."

- "Then what'll Ido at all ! " said she. "Sure you'll help me down ? " The man looked at her steadily for a moment. How he could do so nmoved was a mystery. Perhaps he was not qtlite so unmoved as he appeared. But the girl met the scrutiny without wincing; and whether he believed her plea or not he could hardly leave her there on the chance of her falling in an attempt to retreat the way she had come.

He made a step nearer. here ? " he said, shortly. "I climbed the fence."

"Why did you do it?" "For a lark."

"How did you get

"You must promise never to do that again— though," correcting himself, "women don't keep promises:"

- "Yes they do," said the girl, saucily—"quite as much as men do."

"You are a child!" he answered, half scorn- fully. "Very well, let yourself go." He held out his arms and the light, slender figure dropped into them. "Thanks," she said, as he instantly released her.

She dropped a pretty curtsey and ran fleetly away; and he saw her the next moment negotia- ting the fence with all the ease of a practised gymnast. He turned back to the gloomy house among the trees. The girl ran, laughing, to a cottage some quarter of a mile distant, and sprang into the presence of a girl two or three years her senior with the enigmatical exclamation: "I've done it, Maggie 1 Such a lark 1 "

A week ago terefra-Desmond came over from Ireland on a long visit to her widowed aunt by marriage, Mrs. Venables, and her cousin Maggie, who lived very quietly—for they were not rich— in the village of Oakdene. Teresa was sunlight personified—beautiful, brilliant, brimming over with fun and love of mischief, with as yet unsounded depths in her nature. The second day after she came she asked Maggie: "Who lives in that grey house, half hidden among trees ?"_ _ _ _

"The Croft ?" said Maggie. lives there."

"The hermit

"Hermit? A real one, do you mean ?" "He is called the Hermit of Oakdene," replied the other. "His name is Lockwood. He came there two years ago, and lives quite secluded. An old woman goes in to do all that he needs,. and leaves at night. He rarely goes beyond tge grounds; but he has been seen—and he's a very handsome•fellow, and not old. No one knows anything about him. He never speaks to people. We can't make him out a bit. I believe he has committed some crime, or has somebody im- prisoned there, or something of that sort. Many of the people are half afraid of him—they think he's uncanny." "Fudge!" said Teresa. that hermit, as you call him." "I don't think even you could, Teresa. Some of the girls did try hard; but it was no use, he wouldn't look at them. I believe he is a woman- hater."

"I mean to conquer

"Fudge ! " said Teresa again, and danced away laughing. The visit to the beech-tree was the result of her determination. "You see," she said, relating the adventure to the wondering Maggie, "I could have climbed along the bough like a Monkey, or swung myself to the ground as easily as possible. I have practised all these tricks; but 1 didn't mean to do either; I meant that stern, forbidding hermit to lift me down—and he had to ! "

"How cheeky you are, Teresa! But now you've' done so much, how are you going on ? " "Oh, you wait! I don't mean to be conquered, I can tell you." "But, Teresa, suppose the man is a criminal? —gentlemen have committed crimes before now." "He hasn't, I'm sure," replied Teresa, promptly. "He is a ridiculous misanthrope; and that sort of thing ought not to be encouraged." Maggie laughed heartily. "I tell you what," she said. "I wish I had some of his grapes."

"Has he any ? " _ _ "Ye—es. The loveliest vinery, and he never gives any away; the grapes rot on the boughs." "Disgustingly selfish! " said Teresa, dog- matically. "I see that this hermit wants a thorough routing out—and he shall have it ! " It was early summer, the weather was glorious, and Teresa, sometimes with Maggie, sometimes alone, was here, there, and everywhere—in the woods, the lanes, the fields, accompanied, when otherwise alone, by a big collie dog which belonged to a neighbour, and was always delighted to have. a scamper with "the wild Irish girl." _ _

In these wanderings Teresa- several times encountered Wilmot Lockwood, the hermit of the Croft; perhaps, after the first and second times, not, on her part, altogether accidentally, for she discovered that h 6 did sometimes quit the grounds of the Croft p.nd go into the country; but it was in the most solitary part, over the moorland, and into the forest land beyond, where there was least likelihood of encountering any human being. On these occasions no salutation or overt sign of recognition passed between the Irish girl and the hermit. He strode on, hardly seeming to look at her; and she—with the intuitive wisdom of her sex—was careful not to let him suppose, by any look of hers, that there was design in the encounter. That, she said to herself, would spoil the whole game. One day, as Lockwood was walking at his visual quick pace along one of the most secluded lanes in the district, he saw, by the wayside, figure seated on the grass, with head bent down in clasped hands; a large collie dog sat dis- consolately beside the figure, which, g second glance assured him, was that of the pretty trespasser—Teresa Desmond, as his old servant had gratituously informed him. The damsel was perfectly aware of his approach; she had seen him (behind the shelter of friendly bushes) some listance off, and the tableau he beheld ,was Jesigned for his special edification. As he in- voluntarily paused, Laird, the collie, ran up to him with an imploring whine; he, poor honest beast! could not know that his mistress was a young impostor. At the same moment Teresa Lifted her head. and sbewed the loveliest tear- stained face on which the sun ever shone. Smiles and dimples and saucy challenge a man 4141/ steel himself to resist; but what man—or

===== 0002601_19070824_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
served nothing better than the unhappiness which lay before her. "Next letter father writes," she said to herself one morning, "I shall say he wants me at home. I can't stay here any more. I don't suppose lit cares ("he' was not her father!) I'm glad I failed. It was mean, contemptible, to try and conquer a man—though I never meant that he should really care ! " But Mr. Desmond did not write very often, and so Teresa had to wait for his letter. More- over she could not be too precipitate, to say nothing of a disinclination—when it came to the point, to put the sea between herself and the hermit. She should not see him—but to be in the same place was something. The girl was too proud; however, to wear her heart upon her sleeve, and she danced and sang in the old way, and seemed always in brilliant spirits. "Well, Teresa," Maggie said one afternoon, "Mr. Lockwood is obdurate. You'll have to play that other card. What is it?"

"Never mind. I'm not sure I shall play it now. Come out for a walk—it's a glorious day." "I promised to call on old Miss Jenkins," said Maggie. making a wry face. "Oh, 1 shan't go in to see her ! " said Teresa. "The once you inveigled me into her house was quite enough for me. I'll go with you as far as the wood, and wait for you; and don't be longer than you can help." "Be sure 1 wOn't; but she's such a chatterbox, and you can't be rude to an old lady." Teresa tossed on her Tam-o'-Shanter ; Maggie put on a more festive hat, and the two girls set out, the younger with a heavy heart, though the talked as brightly as ever. "What a lark," said Maggie, as they plunged into the wood, "if we porno across the hermit." "We are not likely to this way," returned the other, carelessly. "It was the moorland way he used to go." They gained the stile which parted the wood from a little bit of broken common, which Maggie had to cross, and then go down a lane to reach Miss Jenkins's house. At the stile Teresa paused. "I'll wait for you here," said she. "Aft revoir."

Maggie crossed the stile, and Teresa perched herself on the top rail. But once alone the light went out of her eyes, all the brightness vanished from her face. There was no need to wear a mask in this loneliness, and the girl had to struggle hard to keep the tears from falling fast and free. She got down from the top rail, and sat on the step, leaning her head against the rail and feeling utterly miserable and self- reproachful. A quick step quite close made her start and look up. Someone was approaching by the wood path. A second more, and she caught her breath, and her heart gave a great leap and stood still. It was Wilmot Lockwood! She rose to her feet, but dared not look at him, or she might have been still more startled. He came up to her and paused. "Miss Desmond, he said—his voice and manner seemed constrained—"l hope you are— quite well again ? " Teresa coloured scarlet, and turned aside. "Yea —thanks ! " she said, with difficulty. "Quite well." She had not offered her hand, and appeared embarrassed. Lockwood looked pained and perplexed.

"]be i your pardon," be said after a pause, which Teresa did not offer to break, but still stood with averted face. "I am afraid I have offended you in some way." Teresa shook her head. "No," she said, in a low voice. "You were very kind." "I didn't know it. I—l have been hoping to see you all these days." His voice trembled. A rush of bewilderment, of anguish, held Teresa breathless. What had she done? Conquered after all—to be despised and condemned—played with a man's heart, and only won it to lose it! She was but twenty, and her self-command broke down utterly under the strain. Her head went down on the rail, and a choking sob broke from her. Lock-- wood laid his hand on her shoulder and bent over her.

"Child," he said, hoarsely, "don't turn from me—have pity on me! lam .mad to love you, but you are stronger than I. I have struggled, but it's no use—you have conquered. 1 love you!" "Oh, don't say it—don't, don't!" cried the girl, now weeping bitterly—the more bitterly for the passionate joy in her heart. "I never thought you would care. I'm not worth your love. Oh, how can I tell you!" "Teresa "—the man's lips were white, his tones suppressed in the tense effort for self-control— "don't play with me! A woman wrecked my life years ago—made me what I am. I loved her, as I never dreamt I could love again; trusted her, and she betrayed me. I said I would never trust a woman again, and then—then—you came and when I saw your face,all that 1 thought dead leaped up within me. Teresa, speak to me! Am I—good Heavens !—too late ? " "Oh, no—no—it isn't that! Let me tell you. You'll despise me—as I deserve—when you know—" She stopped a moment; then went on, brokenly, her head still bent down the colour coming and going in her cheek: "When I heard —about you—l thought it would be fun to—to conquer you. That's why I went into your groutids that day, and it—it was all pretence about my sprain—l wasn't hurt a bit. I saw yQU coming, but indeed, indeed I didn't think you would really care—not--not love me—l never thought of that!" "No," he said, with strange quietness as she paused, his hand clasped over the rail near him with so tense a grasp that the blue veins stood out. "You didn't—think. I might have known! Is that all?"

For Teresa had stopped dead. She shook her head now. "No," she said, almost in a whisper. "When I—stayed in so long—l thought you— you would miss me—and I-- No! You won't believe me—why should you? I'm going back home-"

"Not yet, Teresa—not till I have heard all," said Lockwood, sternly. "Go on." The blood rushed over the girl's cheek and brow. "I mean;" she said, with difficulty, "that it came back on me. I found that I—that I— missed you." The curly head went right down again upon the rail; the hot colour dyed even the soft throat. But her hands were taken in a strong, warm clasp; she was drawn back within the man's arms, folded to his heart. "Teresa," he said, passionately, "you are speak- ing truth—you are not playing with me now You missed me ? You love me, Teresa? Look into my eyes and answer me ! " The girl gave one swift upward look, then hid her face on her lover's breast; but that glance was enough; it told him all he needed to know, and he bent his head and his lips took their fill of ssweetness from hers.

"You look younger already," Teresa said, softly, some twenty minntes later; they were sitting on a fallen tree now, the girl leaning on her lover's heart.

"That is your doing, dsarest," he answered, smiling down on the winiome face. "I have taken a new lease of life."

"And you have quite, quite forgiven me ? " "Sweetheart, it was but a girlish frolic; and, after all, I was conqueror as much as van- quished." "So you were ! " She hid her face again, then suddenly started up with an exclamation of Mingled dismay and amusement. For Maggie was standng on the other side of the stile, looking as if she were not sure whether what she beheld was a vision which, on closer inspection, N\vould vanish, or whether it was Teresa in the flesh whom she saw in the arms of the hermit. But the hermit himself soon explained matters, and Maggie considerately went on ahead to prepare Mrs. Venables for the actual appearance in Beech Cottage of the hermit of the Croft—not only in visible and substantial presence, but as a lover. The village has not recovered—perhaps never will recover—from the shock of the hermit's marriage, though he married a creature lovely and winsome enough to have bewitched a genuine hermit. But Wilmot Lockwood has never had cause to regret the renewal of love and faith. He worships his young wife, and she gives him back love for love in full measure • nor is there in his heart any shadow of distrust, as Teresa at first feared there might be; for it might well seem as if his faith in womanhood had been almost uprooted. But he smiled when one day she questioned, half- timidly. "Let no such thought torment you," he said, drawing her to his heart. "I could not love you as I do and for one instant doubt you. No ghost from out the past stands between you and me, Teresa. You have restored to me all that I lost—love and faith. Are you_ answered ? - _ - -

............_ . And her pure soft eyes looked up to his and said: "Yes."

THE END.]

===== 0002601_19070824_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4tlllll

===== 0002601_19070824_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

Brooms that are dipped into scalding soap- suds once a week will have their bristles so toughened that they will wear much longer than brushes that are not so treated.

Stewing is the most economical mode of cooking, as *it needs little heat, and the vegetables so necessary for the flavour in- crease the bulk of the stew.

Rhubarb Fool.—Stew some rhubarb with a little sugar and lemon peel. When cold pass it through a sieve, add a gill of cream, and if that is not available two tablespoonfuls of condensed milk. Serve in a glass dish.

I splendid cream, to be applied to the hands at night to whiten the skin, is made of lanoline, one ounce; liquid paraffin, two tea- spoonfuls; oil of bergamot, five drops. Melt the lanoline and stir in the other ingredi- entS.

To keep healthy, eat good, nourishing food regularly three times a day, and between inears drink a glass of cream or milk. Drink plenty of good, pure water. Take all the rest possible, if possible an hour's sleep each afternoon. Be in the open air all you can without exercising too much.

Celery can be kept fresh a long while if it is wrapped _in thick paper, sprinkled with water, then put in a damp cloth, and stored in a cool, dark plac,e. Before preparing for table, plunge the celery into cold water, and stand for one hour.

Savoury Cutlets.—Mix a teacupful of fine breadcrumbs, two teaspoonfuls of chopped parsley, one teaspoonful of chopped onion, and half a teaspoonful of mixed herbs to- gether; season with pepper and salt. Roll the cutlets in beaten eog, then put in the above mixture as quickly as possible. Put by for one hour. Fry in quite boiling fat.

When washing painted walls or wood, put one pennyworth of painters' size (previously dissolved in hot water) in a pail of water, and apply with g soft cloth. • The dirt will be very. quickly removed and the paint im- proved' in appearance. Wet the bottom part of the paint before commencing at the top. This prevents the water leaving dirty marks on the lower part.

Marks on a polished table caused by hot plates are a special source of annoyance to the housewife. French polishing is usually considered the only remedy, but an applica- tion of paraffin well rubbed in and polished with a soft cloth produces good results. The treatment must be repeated , for several days until the spots disappear.

Mock Goose Pie.—This is a savoury way of loing up cold mutton, or, indeed, any scraps. of meat. Mince half a pound of meat, season it with boiled onions, chopped finely, quarter of a teaspoonful of powdered sage, pepper, and salt. Moisten all with milk or gravy. Place in a deep pie dish, with breadcrumbs on the top. Scatter little bits of butter over, and bake a nice brown. Serve hot.

To wash woollen stockings so that they will not shrink is quite easy. First shred some yellow soap into a small tin saucepan. Cover it with cold water and let all boil slowly on the stove till a jelly. Take some tepid water, and with the boiled soap make a good lather. Wash the stockings in this, rubbing well and using no other soap. Rinse in tepid clear water, wring out, and set in the air to dry quickly.

To cure . cramp in the legs at night, . make a garter of wide tape and on to it sew thin slices of cork cut from a wine bottle cork. Wear this regularly' every night in bed. As cramp probably comes from acidity reduce this by drinking hot water every night before going to bed. Dose, from half a pint to a pint.

Delicious Buns.—Take the weight of two eggs in flour and sugar, half their weight in butter, a teaspoonful of baking powder, and. a teaspoonful of corn flour. Mix the flour, baking powder, and corn flour well together, then add the butter, and rub it well in. Beat the eggs and sugar together, and add to the dry ingredients. Well butter some small tins and bake in a quick oven.

An excellent idea for pantry shelves is to give them two coats of ordinary white paint and then a third finishing coat of white enamel. As soon as the enamel dries, wash it over with cold water, and then it will harden quickly. Do not cover these shelves with paper, but leave them bare, and notice the improvement. The enamel is easily wiped clean with a damp cloth.

When a savoury stew is made and there are bits of bread to dispose of, let the hodse- wife try the rich effects of sippets in he-r stew. First sfie should take bits of stale bread and cut them in pieces. These should be fried in clarified dripping and slipped into the etew. They mingle With .the gravy, and are a great improvement to it.

The following is a good method to preserve butter: Pack the butter solidly in stone jars, put a clean cloth, wrung out of clear, cold water, on the top of the butter, then spread over the cloth one-third of an inch of salt. and pour on the salt one inch of water. The water and salt will form a' strong brine, mak- ing it impossible for the air to (Yet into the butter. Tie a clean cloth over the jar. Use the best dairy salt for salting the butter. Good butter, carefully packed,. and kept in a cool, dry cellar, will 'keep perfectly sweet for a long time,

To keep palms in the nouse in a healthy condition you should sponge the leaves once a week with tepid water in which is a little milk. Then stand the pot quite covered in lukewarm water for two hours. Palms treated in this manner will live a long time.

Do you find your gas stove a real econo- miser? If not, these may be " sale Of the reasons: Lighting burners before you are ready to use them. Baking but tine thing at a time. Heating water or cooking in un- covered vessels. Placing small vessels upon large burhers. Using large burners when small ones would do. Not turning out the flame before removing food. Not lowering the flames when food is already boiling.

Haricot Beans.—Steep one pound of hari- cot beans bi cold water for twenty - four hours. Put them in a pan with two quarts of cold water, and simmer gently for nearly two. hours. Drain off the water, have ready a frying-pan with two ounces of hot drip- ping, two onions sliced, and a little salt. Turn the beans into the frying pan, fry lightly, and serve with pepper and salt.

The best way to clean white paint is to rash it in warm soft water with a very little am- monia in it. Any marks that are very obsti- slate may be removed by rubbing with a little finely-powdered pumice stone. Soap should never be used to white paint, as it causes it to turn yellow.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EPIDEMIC OF COLDS.

The chilly nights that follow sunny days at this season of the year account for much in the prevailing epidemic of bad colds and chills. The grandest insurance against these colds and chills, which threaten serious throat and lung trouble if neglected, is a handy box of Peps. It is not necessary to take Peps constantly and continuously like cheap and useless lozenges and medicated sweetmeats. One little Pep, placed on the tongue when going out in the chilly night air, will fill the lungs with powerfully healing, and germicidal pine-fumes, which impregnate all the tissues of the throat and lungs. Peps, unlike ordinary lozenc,bes, will save pounds in doctor's bills if used upon the first sign of sore throat or chill.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
- FIRST OFFENCE.

At Widnes, on Monday, George Edwin Fox, 9, Pear- street, was bound over under the First Offenders Act for six months on a charge of stealing 2s. “d. out of a stable, the property of Mr. Charles Hill, wine and spirit merchant.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
NAVAL HOSPITAL STEWARD CURED

Of Psoriasis Contracted While in Service in West Indies—Left Scaly Surfaces on Lower Limbs —Eczematous Eruption Followed —Nothing Gave Permanent Relief.

SUFFERED 23 YEARS CURED BY CUTICURA

"I suffered for years from psoriasis affecting the outer sides of the calves of both limbs, con- tracted in the West Indies in 'B2 )r 'B3 while serv- ng on H. M. S. Northampton,' sick berth Avard. In that ,pacity I had the ise of nearly all he preparations te Pharrnacopceia rescribes, but hraugh each stage If the disease I did not consult any medical officer, but treated my- self with prepara- tions of mercury and sarsaparilla —hs, but the eruption for years, and eventually teft a scaly surface surrounding both limbs. In 1905 I tried -'s Reme- dies which seemed to remove the erup- tion, but at the beginning of the present year an eczematous eruption appeared, then seeing a Cuticura advertisement, I decided to give a trial to the Cuticura Remedies, of which I needed but five supplies. After the first week I found great relief and I have been quite free from any irritation since, although I con- tinued the treatment for ten weeks in all. There is only a faint discoloration left, and I consider that Cuticura Remedies have done more towards curing the troublesome disease of which I suffered so long than all the other remedies put together and I recommend them to al/ my friends. I conclude with wishing Cuticura great success. Henry Camp- bell, Naval Pensioner, 9, Grove Road, Luton, Chatham, Kent, Oct. 17, 1906." Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour of Infants, Children. and Adults Consists of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the Skin. Cuti- cum Ointment to Heal the Skin, and Cuticurn Re- solvent Pills (Chocolate Coated) to Purify the Blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the tvorld. Depots: London. 27 Charterbouse Sq.; Pcrle. Rue de la Paix Australia. R. Towns A, Co bydney: Potter Drug & Chem. Corp. Sole Props. or- Post-tree. Cuticura Book on Skin Dlserkaci.

ok Er, fl in Le ii' as ste ca 7 11F t thi th of > for about nine =tont, continued I*, 14 -

===== 0002601_19070824_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST FAMILY MEDICINE

VVORSDELL'S Kaye9s Pills • In Use 100 years. Are fi, certain cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Headache, Dyspepsia, Constipation, Liver and Kidney Complaints, &c. Invaluable for Ladies, Of all Chemists, 1/li, 2/9, and 4/6 per box, or on receipti I amount 13, St. George's, Norwich.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
TOOTH-ACHE

CitlltllD INSTANTLY BY BUNTER'S Pre vegiltesZ;eescas s E ihts ex,teranctetido.n, NECIMILGIA, HEADACHE, NER VINE and all NERVE PAINS removed by BUNTER'S NERVINE. All Stores, Is. or receipt of amount 13, Sr. GEORGES STREET, NORWICH "As a specific of ToothCche it has no equal. I have used it successfully for years,"—Pßov. W WILSON. M.D.

SOLD'EVIIRYIVEMRE at Is. Ifd., 2s. 94.,48.8d., and //s Oth • LUNT;TONIC TRW WORLD'S CURE FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, Etc

feel out

y to a new and untried ly, but to one which has stood time. For nearly a century Dr -.oott's Pills

ha been _ nised as a safe and rel. remedy for Headache, and all Liver and Kid,

£5 WEEKLY You can earn this as an lElectrical Engineer. We train you by nost in your spare time for Electrical or Mechanical Engineering. Electric Light and Power. Motor Car and Tramway work. Free book from MLECTRIC•L SNGISRER INSTITUTE, 413 Norwich House, Southampton Street. Hoborne, London.

THE WANT OF THE DAY. CHLEYS STARCH GLOSS

ore SOFT LINEN when Starched Used in the Royal Laundries. Should be used in every house. CE TRIED,

ALWAYS TRIED.

KES OLD LINEN LIKE NEW. The greatest boon ever offered to the Laundress for imparting an Ivory Finish to Starched Linen. Laces. etc. It does not stick to spider-web like materials. Sold by Grocers, Chemists. Stores, elm packets at id., 3d., and 6d. each. BY T. CRITCHLEY, N.'. 14 IST BLA.(ABURN.

4314,1itIEB'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to care, in antler sex, all acquired for constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. eraA tr,ro Mercury. Betablished upwards of 30 years. In bores 4s. Bd, each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through. on tho world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lin coin and Midland Counties Drug Company, lancorn, itavt. To MOTHER3.—Mra. WINSLOW'S Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mot.hPrs f their childran while teethina, with perfect the3Atia. It will releve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to testa ; sod produces natuarl coiet Sleep, by relieving the child from min .nd the little cherub awakes " as bright as a buttoa " at all °Cellists Is. lid. per bottle.—Advt.

JOHN WALKER, & CO. Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding.

BEWSEY ST., WARRINGTON.

- C r 4340) 'P'"' S If you of sorts, don't ill remedy, \ the test az _. St 've recog- R. 0 11:s • -nliable , Biliousness, Iney Complaints. 't Sold in a green wrapper by all chemists. 104 & 2/9 per box. Get the real remedy— Dr. Scott's Pills. (01) p;fo

:iRIT No is! , I 1411_ ON ‘ .0--- MA • -- , in ~ PREPARED CH

-- •

tti

' • 41:

.4..

. • , . t , • if

I

T

•

===== 0002601_19070824_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe erammer berms ov WEEK-HND NEWSPAPHItS COMPRISES % ,11H14 WARRINGTON h MID-CHTISHIBB EXAMINER. published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, ac., being ne of the Ltrg.3st and Beat Weekly Papers in Lanes- hire and Cheshire. The district (savored by this Paper corn- arises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lanes- phive and Mid-Cheshire. rrillE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday I. morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. - -

Tim WIDSES EXAMINEE published every Saturday 1 morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a pills, growl a; °antra of industry. rrHE BARLBSTOW N AND NEWTON ISX&MINER, 1 published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Bariestown, Newton-le- Willows, Liolborne, Haydock, Lawton. lc. The distirict thus MO7ii caisc inapnttoz, pr t of the Lancashire coal - ds.

rrtlß ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published everT Saturday morning, circulating in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr. Sutton, Pessley arose. dro --the centre of the Glans, Chemiaal and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTEC. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUSTANTS. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One 'Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Os. 6d. ... Is. 3A. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... Os. 9d. ... Is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... 55. Od. 36 ... is. OA. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 6s. ed. 45 ... Is. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ... 55. Od. ... is. Od. 54 ... 11. 6d. ... 3s. BG. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. ed.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
nomeqtfr Otrbants, etr.

ANTbD, HOUSHMEI.II)-WAlrltEiS.—Address, Mu. TY BRYNYTT, Fnclen Bank, Maccluti9ld.

WANTED. K [WHIM:it/OD, about 15 to 18.—Pdre. Btria.oucin, Bro,,kfleld, Atherton.

wANTHD, ft good GHNHIHAL SHRVANT, able to wash. —Apply LORD NEMO, HOTEL, Hindley, nr Wigan.

WANIRD good General SERVANT, able to wash.—Mrs. ROBERTS, Rest View, Mottram Old rd., Stalybridge.

ANTISD, GRNBHAL. Help given. Reference required. VT —Mrs. MADDOCK, Moor House, Heywood Lincashire.

WANTHD at once, enerlenced OHNBRAL for Doctor's bous.c. 810 childun.—Apply Mu. McNELL, Garstang.

WANTI4I).—A good General SHRVANT.—AppIy, 13, WIN MARLICIGH BT., Warrington.

AvANTED good GkINERAL SERVANT. also GIRL about 16.—WnL,Aars. 42. Bottom o' Of Moor. Oldham.

WANTKIJ, a good GHNBRAL.—AppIy YE OLDE WHITE BwAN, Lamberhtad Green, Wigan.

187 AriTl4 D , good GKNNHAL, able to wasb•—Appty OFF LICENCE', 23 Bentwick at., Gooße Green, Wigan.

wAN LBD, CUOK-GHNEHAL, for lloylake.—Apply, Mrs. SLLAR, The Bungalow,Hoylake,near Birkenhead.

'W ANTISD, good GIiNI4RAL ; age over 20; ebaracter required —Apply, Mrs. CHATTOZ, Mayerolt,Stone rd., Stafford.

ANIED. (iIiNXILAL, Farmhouse Girl preferred; must be good washer and fond of childran.-21, Laird at,, Birkenhead.

WANTIS)). quiet respectabteYoung GlItL as (41INHitAL; another kept ; malt family.-9, LANGDALE RD., New Brighton.

ANTBD at onoe smart HOUSEMAID. for publlo bust- VTnes.; good reference. PRINON OF WALHE, Moss Bide, Manchester.

AvANTED experienced GHNICHAL ; 3 in family; refs. required ; age about 2) ; £2o.—D.avlsB,l3, Lansdowne Td., bouthport.

ALINRto bliss 1i0111,131N, The County Registry, Victoria Buildings, Manchest will secure you an excellent situition at once.

lA/ ANTED, good GENEIItAL. 2dust have good references, Vi State wages required,—Mrs. NITWIT, 4 'lark Avenue, Timperley.

WANTBD, COUK-CiIiNEHAL, where help is kept; family five.—Apply YORE HOUSE, blockport rd., Tim perley.

ViANTED Young GIRL for housework and assist with children.—Apply, kitating wages, Mrs. ORoMPIoN, 28, High St.. Bolton.

IVANTED an experienced WORKING BARMAID. References required.—Mrs. UNSWORTH, Rope and Anobor Hotel, Leigh.

NAT ANTIsD, young for small family; gcod V home and good wages; references required. —2, bT., Burnley.

WANTRD respectable experienced 4141181iA.L. hmal wash. Pereonal references. Good home.—Pailaraii, 12, Hale rd.. Liscard,'Cheshire.

WANTICD, COOK S -GB N HAL and HOUdBMAID- WELITRICSS ; family two.--tdrs. ROGERSON, The Bungalow, St. Annes-on-the-Sea.

TED, immediately, good COOK-4101HILAL ; refer- , ence required; no washing.—Apply Mrs. WIN, Claremont, Aughton, Ormskirk.

\AT ANTED, experienced GENERAL ; small family; plain cooking ; state wages and references.— ALLreitoFr, Garstang rd., Fulwood, Preston.

rk AT ANTED, 1/ R-liINIGAGEMIRJT as Working HOUSE- T KBI3PIIII to one or two gentlemen ; highest references. —M. L„ 10, Luptou st., Ghorley.

WANTED A USEFUL HELP, to assist in Bar. Age from 25. Refereno.-a required.—Apply Mn. WILLIAM- Sox, Red Bow Hotel. KnJtiford.

WANTED. GENERAL, age 25; plain hooking ; no wash- ing; four in tamity. September 6th.--LYNnntrass, Bgerion Park, Rock Ferry. Cheshire.

WANTHD, immediately good COOK-GliffilliAL. Three maids kept. Wages £2O. Good references required. --Mrs. DALTON, Haulfau, Liencludno.

WAN'.fliD, two competent Generals, a Cook and a Parlour Maid; cool wages ; family two.—Write J,. 193, Walm lane, Crlcklwood, London.

BROISTRY.—WANTHO good Generale, Cooke, Housekeepers. Housemalds,Nurses, Waitress.-83, BANK k•AHADE, Burnley ; 75. Preiton rd,.Bltekburn.

- UT ANIHD COOK GENICRA.L, £2O, no washing, Protes- Y tent, also Housemaid. (xood General taken. Protestant —" FHIELAND " Blundellsands near Liverpool.

NU ANTED, SITUATION as HOUtiNKRISPIIR, where V maid is kept; good cook and neellewoman : excel- lent references —F. W., Hudson Farm. Rochdale.

AU ANTED COOK-GMBH IL and HOUt3BMAII)- T WAIIIIIOS (young), beginning of October.—Apply by letter lam TAYLOR, Gwenholme, Bowdon.

BLACKPOOL. MINERALS. Housemald-Waltreoses (respectable), Wanted ; good wages, good homes.— *• RELIANCE" SELECT REGISTRY. 7. Park Avenue.

WANTED, HOUSHMAID-WAITEMIS, end of August; age not under 24; wage £2O; Protestant; good reference.--Apply B,lavdmierow Dalvic,4ef ton Park,Liverpool

---- WVANTBD, tall. strong GBNBRAL, for house and shop good home and wages to suitable person ; fare paid.— Fox, Grocer, 19, Garden it., Lower Broughton, Manchester.

WANIBD, steady respectable WOMAN as Housemall- waitress, from country preferred; lady and gentlemam. —Apply by let ter to Mrs. W. TYBEIi. West hnd House, Frescot.

WANTED, GENERAL ; strong willing girl not under 20. (Private house). Must he thoroughly respectable and have good references. Comfortable borne; good wages. —49, CABLE RD., Horake.

WANTED at once, strong, reliable COOK-GENERAL small family ; housemaid kept.-- Write, stating age and experience, also wages required, Mrs. GABICELL, Wood- bine, as, ticariebrick rd., Southport.

WANTED a good TRUSTWORTHY GIRL, one who has been out befote. Two In family. Reference required 3s. 6d, to 4s. per week, Comfortable home.—Mrs. HITGIREs 64, Derbt Lane, Etoneycroft. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
to be let.

PENKETH.—GOOD HOUSES WITH GARDENS, 3s. 9cl per week, also Cottages 3s. 6d. and 2s. 6d. per week. IVY LODGE.FROGHA.LL LANE, reduced rent. 65, WASH LANE. LL STREET. OFFICES.ground floor. Also upper rooms. 41, NEW ROAD, rent 4s. 9d. per week. CORNSII SHOP 2, School Brow, reduced rent ss. 6d. pr week. 67, CATHERINE SI RELIT, rent 3s. 63. per week. apply ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent,No. 1 Bank-street War elnwton. Telephone—No 55.

9.0 LET 17, FOLLY LANS.—Apply WooDS IS Sox -1. Solicitors. Horsemasket Street, Warrington.

yr° LET, HOUSE. Knot.ford rd. Beautified throughout. I- Rent £l7. Apply Js. B. ALDRED. Leigh Villas, Or^PPenhali.

MO LT Goon li OUSII, Parker street, rent 355. month 110 clear, will be cleaned for good tenant.—Apply Woons & Box. Solicitors. Warrington.

AVRNHAM TOWItR, Preston, TO BU LET, overlooking beautiful Ribble valley; excellent house, perfect sanita- tion : every conventence.—Apply E. H. Boars and Co., LTD., 4, Fishergate, Preston.

AS A TANNERY OR OTHERWISE. TO be Let or sold Knutsford rd. TANNERY, Grappenhall, warringllon, Freehold, low rates, convenient to canal or rail, water power, capable of tanning 600 hides a week, eaaliv enlarged good buildings. At liberty Decemher let.— Apply ALFRED DARIN, Grappenhall.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINER FOOTBALL ANNUAL

NOW ON SALE.

OHOICH 801ldiCKSHT BUIfH. 1.. 2d. lb., carriage paid ou 61b8.—C. Kig'Gam The Dairy. Weds.

ANBW Article, interesting to wives and mothera.—Write Bellbaar, e 7, Manor rd., Portsmouth.

DLUMS.—Cookinz, 24Ibs. 38., Dessert, 121bs. 38. 6d. ; 24 ss. 64., free.—llevis. Shipabon-on-6twir.

1 IMBRICK LIN HS, 6 for 7 stamps, any paper.— IA WA.WCHLIIY, Vale rd., Clayfote, Surrey.

ICH CHHAM.—Catalogue of lereezrs,Powders, etc., free.— HlLLaLsis, Gane & Go., Hammersmith, W

QPROIAL OFFBR, 12 coloured Hop Picking Poe; Cards ; 1.11 6d. free.-oLivii:ft'S SToRES, Hodes, Maidstone.

QTA &I PS ! —Wanted any qoantity, litre or common, highest k.) prices.—SuiTH, 29. Havelock rd., Wimbledon.

PHRY'S Perfect Violin Strings ; magnifi.!ent tone. sample string 4d —PERRY. Bishop's ,tortford, Herts.

-DU/USN SPECIALISI: OUSTIJdfIHL —Laiies' material 1) made up.--hipmz. Ditsw, 17 Pope's rd., Brixton.

PIOTUItIi POSTOARDS.—Post free, 20, 7d ; 50, le. H. —TuomPsotr, 19, Doweett avenue. Tottenham.

LILTIL HI4ARI'HUGS. -Large sizes, sacrifice k) clear, 9. If each.-BARGAIN, 1, Obenles et.. London, W.O.

TIOLUMS.—Yinest large preserving ; 241b0. tree on rail 25. FRED HILL, " liossinver," Orrelt lane, Aintree.

1 00 W25110L L 2. Pldi n t el., oCsa rBdTs PRr Esaßllwltlattmft.te..w, .Is. 3 d .

NEITB. yard long, any coloar, le. doz. po3t free. GREERILL & 00. 28, donthampton at., Peckham.

1c USHF UL Household Articles, bighest quality, 21. 6d. _IL post free .—H ILLYARD, 140 Anerley rd., London.

CaOT. GOLD trIBRILY'I HOUGtir BEtOOOl-1, 5i.; real bargain.—L. A. 8., 77, Denmark rd., Camberwell, S S.

riIIPKWRIIING neatly and promptly executed, 7d. per _I 1,000 worth.—BRXEST TURNER, Bridge at., Stowmarket.

NITS and Vermin killed in children's heads with "Pamigo,' 61, and 10d, —SHlRkis,Chemist, Aberdeen.

HOFICEEPEIId' pooa selling Li. lines, 3 doz. assorted L) Is. 6d post free.—Lumt.zir,Colernan at., Wolverhampton

I)HSTRUCTION OF RATS AND MICH.—For the destruction of rats and mice try Zioda, the latest scientific discovery. Non-poisonous, harmless t 3 birds and other animals, invalable to farmers, householders, itc. In tins, 6u , Is., 2s. 6d., and 51. per lb., tnost free, Satisfaction guaranteed.—Cidmoat it Co., 259 Uxbridge rd., Shepherd's Bush, London.

PLUMS, Plums, for Stewing, Preserving, Bottling, £5 ton. e.. owt. Cash, —TAYLOR, Buslington, Bristol.

NRURALGIA cured in 5 minutes; guaranteed ; 15 stamps. —JEPsox, Chemist, Darwen.

CWINS cured by " Oto,' the certain cure post free qd. ---RAYNIIII, Chemist, Streatham.

EOZHMA.--Sure safe cure. Recipe and list free.— TR WAITES, Herbalist. Brockton-on—Tees.

LICZRMA. bure, safe cure. Recipe and List free— La THWAITES, Herbalist. Stockton-on-Tees.

("WRNS CURHD in 3 days by New American Remedy N.../ Post 15.—GARI4ND, Chemist, Cannock.

WANTED. —Everybody send 6d. for Good Health ; get it and keep it.—Sitsw, 77 Union et., Shipley.

4(1.100DBYR ' Corn Cure really cures Corns, ls. id. free.— GOODBYE REMTLDY COMPANY (e.T.), Stone, Staffs.

INDIGHSTION CURB. bend 10. P.D. for one week's tteatment.—H !Hamm, 14 Normanton rd., Leicester.

66 rtOODBYR " CORN CWIII3 really cures corns, is. Id. kJ- free. --1300DBYE REMEDY Co.. (W. H.), Stone, Staffs.

ALEX. ROSS'S HAIN. DESTROYER Instantly Removes Superfluous Hair,3l. 6d.-27 WESTFIELD RD.. H ornsey.

GOULD'S Golden Pills for Health and Wealth. Cures Indigestion, Biliousness,Headache„ Dizziness and Con- stipation. Bent post free for Is. lid— also particulars of our cash offer.—GotiLD's GOLDEN PILL Co., Albion House, New Oxford at., London.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, August 24, 1907.

Arttsellantous, on inits, etc.

plinties by auction.

cauttultural Vrobtur, plant, Scr

it4ouses anb tanb on Oak.

Vartnersbipo, Eusint6sts.

A DVBRTISHIL possessing £4OO wants lucrative business or partnership.—rartigulars 24 BARROW Rn,Streatbatn.

ebutatton.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
3nveotments, A'hare, Srt.

Utiantrl3.

eIIfiDERS MAY EH HAD at the " ExamINER " OFFICE, kj Beweev at., Warrinvton, 3d. ner load given.

ONl4r given away for old artitici4l Teeth, b!ghest prices .01 sonf.—TEPTH, 17g klersuate .t .

AGIVSITd WANTRID.— 50 per cent profit easily worked In spare tirne.—WEßß, 64 High et., Lavenbam.

AGENT Wanted to call on horse keepers, good terms to energetic salesman.—" Dtrais," Bampton, Oxen.

AT ANTRD, American Copper COINS from 1793; stamp VT collections.—NwEas, Cavendirb avenue, New Malden.

AGENTS WANTBD, either ser, Private Xmas Cards ; beet commission.—STANLEY PUBLISHING Wonits. Wallington.

3 PIANOS ON SALE ItI3TCHNISD FROM HILLIS. PIANO, beautiful Rosewood Case, ify Ralph Allison. PIANO, beautiful Walnut Case, by Hlltou and Hilton. PIANO, Oak Case, by T. G. Payne. PIANO, beautiful Walnut Case, by William Same.. INTENDIgG BUYERS SHOULD NOT MISS THESE BARGLIIIB, FULLY WARRANTBD BY SBLVIid AND MAKBRS.

NOTZ ADDRRI3B :-

VV ADS 59, tANKRY ST.. WARRINGTON.

ftlarbinern, etc.

JOHN WALKER & CO.,

" EXAMINER " OFFICE,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. PROSPECTUSES & BALANCE SHEETS. PLACARDS, EXTRA LARGE SIZE—A speciality. HANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap and effective. HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of Song, Festivals, &c. PROGRAMMES for Entertainments, Concerts, &c., in the latest artistic style. SICK, RECEIPT, and SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

JOHN WALKER & CO., BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

HAVE A GREAT RRPUTATIobt FOR EFFECTIVE POSTER PRINTING.

Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking display on Hoardings and walls.

Lord Ibrox may be

THE pardoned for the surprise AGRICULTURAL which he expressed at the LABOURERS attitude of the House of CHARTER. Lords on the second reading of the English Small Holdings Bill. Tne experiences of the Govern- ment in their proposed land legislation this session have not been very happy so far as the House of Lords has been concerned. The Evicted Tenants Bill which constitutes their Irish land legislation has been mercilessly criticised and altered in the Upper Chamber. The Scottish Small Landholders Bill was treated to a more I undignified snub by being put back in the teeth of Government protest until such time as the Euglish 'Bill had been considered. The probabilities, therefore, not unnaturally appeared to the Government to be that their English Bill would be received no less unfavour- ably than had been the case with their proposals regarding the Celtic fringe. Led by Lord ONSLOW, however, the Unionist Peers gave to the measure what was practically a friendly reception; and Lord CARRINGTON, who moved the second reading, pointed out that the Small Holdings Act introduced by the Unionist Party had not proved a remarkable success. But he gave them the full credit for having started upon a course which he and his colleagues found it possible to develop and extend. When the present Government came into office the conditions of land tenure and the opportunity for the small cultivator and the agricultural labourer were limited by the land system in force. Last year the Government took in hand and eventually passed the Land Tenure Bill introduced by Mr. AGAR-ROBA.RTES. That measure Lord CARRINGTON referred to with some pride as the "Farmer's Charter." The present measure is in a sense the natural corollary of last year's legislation. Its proposals are fairly simple. Its main principle is the letting of land on lease at a fair rent with security of tenure. The Government has discarded the proposal advocated so strongly by Mr. JESSE COLLINGS and other students of the land problem to make peasant ownership the basis of the scheme. That decision has been criticised, and the effect of the plan preferred by the Government will no doubt, he very closely watched in the country districts. Lord CARRINGTON declared his conviction that what people really wanted was not so much to be owners of tiny pieces of land as to have security of the laud on which they earn their living. That, of course, is a matter of opinion ; but, at any rate, the present measure will give the opportunity of testing whether hiring will prove as great an attraction to the agricultural labourer as purchase might have done. The machinery by which the Government will put its proposals into operation is simple enough. County Councils will be the authority for small holdings; Parish Councils the authority for allot- ments. The only point of real disagreement has been the question of whether the Board of Agriculture shall, through the medium of a special commission which will be set up, be able to coerce the local authorities should they seem reluctant to apply the Act. Lord BELPER, a Unionist Peer, agreed with the Government that if the commissioners acted reasonably and promptly this provision might prove satisfactory, but he warned them of the effect of holding a pistol at the head of the local authorities. So far, there is practically no serious disagreement regarding the most important piece of legislation which the Government has accom- plished during the long and trying session now coming to a close ; but it is still a matter of doubt how far this Act or any other goes towards accom- plishing the objects which social reformers of the type of Mr. RIDER HAGGARD and others have had in view. Lord ONSLOW frankly declared that in his view legislation of this kind will not , turn back the tide of migration from the country to the towns. " Back to the land "is an excellent cry, but it must be accompanied by very material advantages before it will seduce the town-dweller to leave the crowded community to go into the uupeopled countryside, and under take all the arduous and often unsatisfactory labours from which he or his immediate progenitors freed themselves when England turned from an agricultural into an industrial country. The call of the town is too strong, probably, even to permit the advantages which the agricultural labourers will receive under this measure to stem the tide of migration. It is deplorable, no doubt. The countryside is yearly becoming less like the England which our grandfathers knew. This measure will help these who are determined to find their livelihood on the land to rest secure in the knowledge that they are not at the caprice of an insecure tenure. Beyond that few people will be inc:ined to think that the benefits will extend.

Marriage with a deceased THE DICCEASED wife's sister will soon be as WIFE'S SISTER, legal as it is natural. Since Sir Henry Campbell Bannerman took this much abused measure out of private hands it has made rapid progress, and one may now regard it at one of the legislative achieve- ments of the session. The bitterness and bigotry which have been exhibited by the clerical opponents of this Bill are remarkable. Why should any reasonable person object to a marriage between any man and his deceased wife's sister ? It is difficult to imagine any sort of satis- factory reply. We always come back to the same query, " Why, after all ?" The Bishops in the House of Lords give us no answer. Nor did that keen, strange, bigoted man Lord Robert Cecil offer any answer in the House of Lords. He merely gave further illustrations of that most strange of conjunctions, a broad intellect and extreme narrowness of view. The opposition of the Bishops to the measure was, on tnis occasion, based mainly on their assumption that there has been no popular demand for this legis- lation. This is merely a demonstration of what is, perhaps, the inevitable ignorance of B.shops concerning the state of public feeling. Looking back, we are astounded at the patience with which the autocratic dominion of the narrowest-minded men in the Church of England has been borne. The National Church, as it is sometimes called, is merely a sect. It commands the real allegiance of perhaps one-fifth of the English people ; but even among this one-fifth there was difference of opinion as to the law which is now to be abrogated. Marriage with a deceased wife's sister,it is contended by the Bishops, is against the Canon Law ; but what have we to do with the Canon Law ? It is of no effect whatever unless it is supported by statutes as it has most unreasonably been in this instance. That support is now to be withdrawn. We are now, as the Lord Chancellor said, to be governed by the law of the land, and to the Bishops we offer the suggestion that though by falling in with public opinion on this subject they cannot undo all the harm they have done to the Church by their long opposition to marriages of a perfectly natural and beneficial character, they may possibly undo some of it.

The first session of the THE TRANSVAAL Transvaal Parliament bus PARLIAMENT. now come to a close, and

accounts which are to -hand from the Colony show that it has been in a large sense successful. New brooms proverbially sweep clean, and it was to be expected that the Govern- ment with General Botha at its head, which came into power after the General Election, would not be less thorough than youthful enthusiasm usually shows itself. The Parliament has estab- lished a fairly good record. It has passed more than forty bills, or nearly a bill a day. On both the Dutch and the English sides of the House good reputations have been made by individual Members, and there have been few indications of anything other that sincere desire for the benefit of the Colony and of South Africa. Perhaps it is the admirable spirit shown by the Government and by the Chamber which is the most gratifying fact as far as English people are concerned. The grant of Leif-government was a bold experiment, but the first session of the Legislature has proved that it was not unjustified. The final act, indeed, of the session, the decision to present the Cullman diamond to the King, has demonstratei that among the Dutch the spirit of loyalty has already become implanted. The Colony has no doubt many trials to go through in the future; but the good start which has been made is a happy augury.

Mr. Roosevelt has made it STILL FIGHTING quite clear in his latest THE TRUSTS, speech that he and his Government do not intend to abandon their fight against the Trusts. He has a great principle at stake, which he stated succinctly enough in his opening remarks. "There is a growing determination," he said, "that no man shall amass a great fortune by special privilege, chicanery, and wrongdoing, as far as it is in the power of legislation to prevent it, and that fortune when amassed shall not have a business use that is anti-social," Unfortunately, the law has never yet in any country been able to catch up with dis honesty. And Mr. Roosevelt's legislation will stop short of anything like prevention of what is known as " graft," though it may have the effect of checking the more glaringly unrighteous opera- tions of the Trusts. The difficulties which stand in the way, however, are becoming daily more apparent. Most things in America are a matter of dollars. Just now the markets are having a bad time ; depression and panic have unsettled the stability of Wall-street. So the President, with all his brave words, was under the necessity of saying things which would have a less alarm- ing effect than his hitherto outspoken declarations. He went no further, it is true, than to say that corporations which are operated within the law, and not hurtful to the common good, will not be interfered with. That, however, is an elastic phrase, of which American politicians and business men are able to gauge the precise value ; and the fact that Wall-street has been comforted is a somewhat ominous sign. In this country sympathy has been, and will continue to be, with Mr. Roosevelt. The Trust system has evils which are recognised and- feared, and a blow at it, even though it is outside our own immediate circle of interest, is welcomed with enthusiasm.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
W. HODGRINSON, LIAITED.

CLEARANCE SALE OF SUMMER GOODS.

BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

It is surprising what strange and indefensible expressions creep into our language. At Tuesday's meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians a member in referring to the conduct of a man mentioned in connection with a relief case said he had seen him "as drunk as a boiled owl." Another Guardian asked for this stage of drunkenness to be defined, as he himself had never seen a boiled owl! No answer was forthcoming. o

"Recently I had an oiler of marriage made to me over the telephone from a man who had never seen me and who had only seen my photograph for the first time, a few hours before he rang me up. He said that he always acted on impulse, had five thousand a year, and was considered good-looking. I replied, always act on impulse, too. No thanks' good- bye,' and rang olT."—Miss BILLIE BURKE in " London Opinion."

It is not necessary to go abroad for examples of "English as she is spoke.' Our charwoman (writes a "Manchester Guardian " correspondent) was angrily describing her son's misdemeanours. "'E's the two-facest lad I ever see," was her bitter summary of his qualities. Another neat and original character sketch VMS uttered by a man who came to refit our telephone wires, of which the arrangement had been disapproved by an inspector. We told him what sort of man the inspector was, and the fitter seemed to recognize the portrait. "Ali know 'im," he said; "it'll be Jones—Bill Jones. There's two on 'em, Bill and 'Enery, an' they're both two swines."

* Most people are aware t*ha*t the Chiltern Hundreds, of which Mr. Blake, the member for South Longford, has just been appointed steward and bailiff, are one way out of the House of Commons. But perhaps the original nature of that mysterious office is less generally known. The Chiltern Hundreds are a tract of land. on the side of the Chiltern Hills, in Buckinghamshire, consisting of the Hundreds of Bodenham, Desborough, and Stoke. To prevent the incursions of robbers from the cover of the beech forests on the hills a steward was appointed by the Crown. That steward- ship is now a sinecure, and exists only to enable members of Parliament to "take office under the Crown," and so vacate their seats.

-77

Congratulations to our local custodians of the peace ,on the success of their ninth annual sports. They were quite favoured in being allowed to carry the programme through almost entirely without rain. •Success was never better deserved for the "men in blue" always throw themselves with great zeal into this annual effort on behalf of charitable institutions. The meeting certainly does them credit and worthily holds a Popular place among local athletic -events. * * *

At Froclsham Sessions on Wednesday, a cyclist whom the police had caught after dark without a light, asked the magistrates what was the difference between a man riding a bicycle without a light and a . gentleman returning on horseback from the hunting fields and carrying no lights. The Clerk said the cases were" not on all fours." The cyclist might have retorted that the horse was at any rate. Instead he meekly suffered a fine of 55.0 • * Diplomacy is lying in state.—GRANT Opposition is the surest pursuasion.—MumFonn. Converse not much with the young, nor with strangers.—TßOMAS A Knurls. Concentration is the secret of strength.—EmisoN, Men who are analysts cannot really care for women.—TWEEDILE. Death is not so great a matter when No u don't make it the gate to a heaven or a hell.—E. TEMPLE THURSTON: i

Judging by the experiences of last week, we cannot ,compliment the Warrington theatre-goers on their manners. During the most tender passages of '" Romeo and Juliet" there were cat-calls from all parts of the house and smacking mock kisses at every opportunity. This behaviour must not only have been very trying for the artistes on the stage, but it was excessively annoying to those members of the audience who had a modicum of decency and respect in their composition. The strangest thing was that this hoggish behaviour was not confined to "the gods" or poorer parts of the house by any means. People who indulge in this sort of thing should have the fire hose turned on them. It would cool their osculatory ardour. * *

In these utilitarian days It is pleasing to note what Iteadway the culture of flowers M making in the district. The shows held in the villages around Warrington have shown whit a pride many people take in their gardens, and too much cannot be said in praise of the societies which encourage such a healthful and elevating pursuit. Progress has been reported all round, and at Hatton on Thursday the entries -totalled the record number of 670. We wish every success to those who are doing so much to preserve the beauties of the country. Neither is the town being over-looked and the show to be hold by the 'Beautiful Warrington Society will demonstrate that choice blooms can be grown even in smoky Warring- ton.

* * * The Chicago School Board has just chiselled out the name of Henry George from the lintel of one of their public schools, and substituted the name of George M. Pullman, of Pullman car fame! In a comment,the "Chicago Examiner" says : —" Henry George was not sufficiently commercial and was therefore a dangerous ideal to hold up to American youth. He was merely a thinker, a student of social conditions, a friend of the people. He seemed to be inoculated with the pernicious idea that taxation should be just. 'Those who deny his conclusions will not deny that this was his basic idea. Such a suggestion in any form could not fail to wound deeply the sensibilities of Mr. Busse's aggregation of educational experts. But Mr. George M. Pullman—there was their ideal. Ile was a money-grubber. He was a tax-dodger after their own hearts. He amassed millions. His name will be remembered as long as the sleeping car takes its toll from the public. He stood for the dollar. -The other man's concern was humanity." * * An innocent correspondent complains of the shock , be receives from the newspaper bills announcing the I progress of the peaceful game of cricket. What I complain of (he writes) is that a half-glance does not reveal the fact that cricket is referred to. , All that strikes my eye is a word or tiro of vaguely tremendous import—" sensational," "terrific," and so on—and my heart throbs with the idea of some great world- catastrophe. lam becoming callous to "sensational collapse" (cricket must be a very exhausting game, for this accident seems very common). But I protest against the signs of further enterprise in this direc- tion; very soon the whole vocabulary of thrill will have been appropriated to the game. I expect to see:

Lancashire Wickets STRLICK BY LIGHTNING APPALLING DISASTER TO BRITISH ARMS At Lord's.

"The line must be drawn somewhere. ft * Our good friend "The Dawn" appears to be inflicted with a serial story as protracted as an illness. Even the hero, we read this month, is suffering from an " overpowering sense of drowsiness." The story relates the following wonderful circumstance : " For months past, all his friends had noticed how he would sink into a deep and heavy slumber almost as soon as he had laid his head upon his pillow, sometimes in the very middle of a sentence." It is certainly unusual for all one's friends, or even R few, to be present at the moment when one's head toueheq the pillow, even if, more remarkable still, it happens to be in "the vary middle of a sentence." 'Harold Wolfgang seems to have got the "Bleeping sickness" badly, and is at the same time endangering both his friends and his readers. He has already fallen asleep in the pulpit, in the study, in the bath- room, and in the presence of his sweetheart. Even vigorous prods won't wake him. We are getting interested in ilarold, who bids fair to rival " Phra Phoenician"the or "Rip Van Winkle." There is just a chance his prospective marriage may wake him up !

===== 0002601_19070824_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON

`Zoming Events. Meetings in connection with the Independent • Labour Party will e held at Bridge Foot on Sunday :and Monday evenirligs. Particulars are advertised. A memorial service to the late Rev. E. J. Willcocks, M.A., will be held at the Parish Church, to-morrow (Sunday) morning. The Rev. Canon Gibson Smith will preach. The Warrington Day School of Art will re-open on on Monday, September 2nd, and the Central Technical Institute, Evening School of Art and Branch Technical -Schools on Monday, September 9th. 'Bolton School. - - -

-------- --- The Education Committee has resolved that the

s extra strip of land on the western boundary of the site ' for the Bolton Council school be prepared for use as a nature study garden.

CHINA. TEA SETS.—Special show of latest art

patterns. See windows, J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge.

• - - street, Warrington.—Advt. Athletic Successes. At Atherton Football Club Sports on Saturday, J. Stewart, Warrington, won the 100 yards sack race, L. E. Wilcox, Warrington, was second in the half- mile fiat from the 56 yards mark, and J. Bibby, War- rington, occupied a similar place in the quarter-mile ' horn the 33 yards mark.

Education Committee. A meeting of the Education Committee will be held on Monday evening at the Town Hall. Most of the 'business is of a routine character. It includes the appointment of the occasional Staff for the Central Technical Institute and the salaries; and the appoint- ment of the following superintendents of the Branch Technical Schools, viz.: Messrs. W. Jeffrey, Frank H. Longshaw 'Thomas Edden, Miss Leah Clay, Miss M. Edgar. Miss B: Mc Grath, at a salary of 10s. 6d. per evening for three evening classes per week throughout " the session.

!7.,ZzAtc7

Co-operative Society. Mr. J. Jarman, of Burton-on-Trent, has, been appointed secretary of this society. Messrs. Crosfield and Sans v. The" Dally Mail." We understand that the claim for damages by Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons against the "Daily Mail " in respect of the goap libels is being proceeded with. The case is reported to be likely to come into the Courts.

Land Values. . The fifth excursion of the E.L.T.L.V., on Saturday last to Frodsham was favoured by splendid weather. It was proposed aud decided to make the last _excF-

• - mon this summer on September 7th to Child of Hale. Train leaves Central Station for Halewood via. Farn- worth at 2.15 p.m. BOILING BACON, 40., 5d., 6d.per lb. ASHLEY'S.—Advt. Conscientious Objection. At the County Petty Sessions held at Warrington, on Wednesday, Thomas R Roylance. applied for an exemption order on the grounds that vaccination would be prejudicial to the child's health. He said that he himself suffered seriously through vaccination. —When asked whether he wcul-d rather run the risk of the child having small-pox, he replied that he did not think that vaccination had anything to do with small-pox at all.—The order was granted.

The Late Colonel Ridgway. Before commencing the ordinary business at the C-Junty Petty Sessions at Warrington on Wednesday, the Chairman (Capt. Withington) said he had a few words to say in reference to the late Colonel J. C. Ridgway. He remembered the time when the late Colonel was sitting on his right hand side. He sympathised with the deceased's relatives and friends. Mr. Henry Greenall (magistrates clerk), said the late Colonel was always willing and assiduous in his duties. Mr. Browne on behalf of the Bar, also spoke in sympathetic terms in reference to the late Colonel. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. Music In the Park. The Volunteer Band, by permission of Lieutenant Colonel Edelsten, will, weather permitting, play the following prograrnme to-marrow • (Sunday), com- mencing at 3.15 p.m., Mr. Richardson will conduct : March, Queen of the west" (Kandt) ; fantasia, "The , champion" (Hartmann) ; fantasia, " Sabbath chimes" (Newton); selection, "Beauties of Bellini " (Smith) ; cornet solo, "Hold' Thou my hand," soloist. Mr. William Ratter (Briggs) ; selection, "11 Trovatore " (Verdi); march," Adelaide " (Fenigstein) ; "God save the King."

Negligent Husband. • At the Warrington Borough Court on Wednesday, before the Mayor and other magistrates, Annie Gill, I' Stoney-lane, summoned her husband George Gill, lsst from Sale, for maintenance arrears to the amount of £3 Os. 6d. due under a separation order granted in July. —The Chief Constable said the husband was a very clever workman and could earn good wages. He spent too much of his money in drink. —Prisoner now said he would behave differently. —The Mayor said if he could find a sovereign before two o'clock the case would be adjourned for a month but if not he would have to go to gaol for a month. FRESH EGGS. 16 a IS.—ASHLEY'S Sankey st.—Advt.

Death of Mr. C. H. Bickford. Many of our readers will deeply regret to hear of the death of Mr. Charles Henry Bickford, which took place at his residence, Grappenhall-road, Stockton Heath, on Thursday of last week. The deceased gentleman was closely identified with the commercial life of Warrington having been connected with the Great Northern Railway for about 30 years. Until three years ago he held the position of goods manager at Warrington for the Lancashire and Cheshire district, his retirement being occasioned by ill-health. He was of a kindly and genial disposition and was deeply respected. The funeral took place at St. Thomas's Church,on Monday where there was a large attendance of relatives and frieilds.

P.S.A. Meetings. A well-attended meeting of the Wycliffe P.S.A. Society was held on Sunday when the Rev. J. Thomas, of Lancashire College, presided, and spoke upon "The Fatherhood of God and " The Brotherhood of man." Mr. Barbery, of Oldham, gave the address upon" The Compassion of Jesus." He said the multitudes looked up to God and acknowledged His power and greatness but they did not live to Him and work for Him. God wanted the people, and had given his great love for them, and desired their Salvation. Mr. W. lives took part in the meeting. Mr. A. Griffiths sang" The Good Shepherd," which was well, received. At the close of the meeting a friend in the meeting, who is a stranger, conveyed to the brethren the greetings of the Bible class and P.S.A. of Northampton. Mr. Farrar thanked the friend for his kind message, and returned the greeting to the brothren at Northampton.—The weekly meeting of the Warrington Society was held on Sunday, the Vice-President (Mr. A. Freeman) occupied the chair, awl gave a short address on "Is there a God ?" Mr. C. Unsworth played two violin solos entitled " The Holy City" and " Ora pro nobis" in a pleasing manner. Mr. H..Tonge was the accom- panist. Mr. T. L. Robins gave a yery interesting address. The President (Mr. R. Nelson) and Mr H. Warham also took part in the meeting. .

TOASTING CHEESE, -4d.,5d.,6d. per lb. ASHLEY.S.—Advt.

Theft of Provender.—Smart Capture. At the Borough Police Court yesterday, before the Mayor and other magistrates, John Ravenscroft, 20, Greenall-street, was charged with 'stealing a quantity of provender and bran to the value of Ms. 7d, the property of the Manchester Ship Canal Company. The Chief Constable said the prisoner had been employed by the company for 33 years. Shortly after midnight P.C. Hughes was on duty in Knutsford- road near the Brook Inn when he heard a noise and on going to ascertain the cause he saw prisoner who said he was there in connection with his work. The officer's suspicions were aroused and he searched the neighbourhood. He found the stolen property in a field and awaited developments. In a short time he saw the prisoner take two of the sacks away and ultimately return for the other. The officer then questioned him and he admitted taking• the provender. He said he had carried two sacks to the stable of a Mr. Walker. The constable went there and found the sacks. Prisoner bore a good character.—Ravenscroft informed the Bench that he was "hard up "and wanted to buy some shoes. He had to do a great deal of work for very little money.— Mr. Bridgewater, manager for the Canal Company, said prisoner received a guinea a week and a monthly bonus, and as he had only one arm it was almost a charity to employ him. The offence was aggravated by the fact that the animals were robbed of their food. The Bench ordered prisoner to pay 205., or go to gaol for 14 days and they complimented P.C. Hughes on his smart capture.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19070824_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' BEST GLACE BOOTS AND SHOES, UNDER THE CLOCK. BRIDGE-STREET.—Adtv.

Ancient Order of Foresters.

Past District Chief Ranger Peter Peacock, sub- mitted his report of Court 430 Warrington, on Satur- day evening last, at the Blue Lion Inn, as delegate to the High Court of the Order, held at Leeds, August Bank Holiday week. There was a good attendance of members and officers.--Bro. Peacock gave an interest- ing account of the week's work. It. was gratifying to find during the year ending April 30th, there had been an increase in membership of 1,372, and in the funds of £303,198 ; there being 921,085 members with a total fund of £8,635,632. There were a lot of amendments to General Laws, resulting in a pledge of 871 delegates to the principle of compulsory olrl age pensions being , provided for new members, details of which are beilig prepared for submitting to the next High Court, which will be held at Northampton. Daring the week grants amounting to £1,339 were made to various Courts, and the ouggested centralisation with a Board of Directors for the Management of the Order was defeated. Great importance was attached to the question of amalgamation of Courts, who by reason of their numerical strength or insolvency, and this would particularly apply to one or two Courts in the Warrington District to-day, with a view of reducing the management expenses and concentrating their efforts. An important law was proposed to enable new member entrants to pay an increased fee, and immedi- ately become entitled to full benefits; Warrington members would appreciate this as being the means of defeating tontine or dividing clubs, and it is with regret that important proposal was defeated. Bro. Peacock explained the entbrtainments and outings which were arranged by the Leeds "xecutive Com- mittee, including excursions to Harrogate and Scarborough, together with a garden party at Lord Airedale's hall, (better known as Sir James Kitson), and were very much appreciated by the delegates. The members. of Court 430 passed a vote of thanks to Bro. Peacock for his interesting report, and same was suitably acknowledged.

- - -

-` -

===== 0002601_19070824_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON PO LICE SPORTS. SUCCESSFUL MEETING.

The Warrington police have long enjoyed a reputa- tion for the willingness of their efforts on behalf of charitable causes, and the fact that the proceeds of their annual sports are devoted to deserving local institutions always ensures generous support on the part of the townspeople. Of course, this is not the only reason why the sports are so successful. The admirable programme is in itself a great attraction, and no doubt would compare favour- ably with the events at any mid-week meet- ing in the country. Thursday witnessed the the ninth festival of the series and a crowd of between 3,000 and 4,000 assembled on the Wilderspool Football Ground. The weather was not at all in keeping with August, for there were heavy skies and a chill breeze. A. cause for thankfulness was that only one sharp shower was experienced and the pro- gramme was carried out in its entirety. Several noted athletes put in an appearance and there were some keen contests which delighted the spectators. The bicycle handicaps were exception- ally interesting. T. Sherratt, the international, was among the competitors, but in the mile race he was too heavily handicapped even to win his heat. The two mile race gave him a better opportunity of making up the leeway and he displayed such wonder- ful staying powers that he captured the first prize. There were several spills, which detracted a little from the keenness of the struggle, but nothing serious occurred. Local athletes again figured prominently and gave a good account of themselves, the victories of W. Houghton, Warrington, and L. F. Woods, Sankey H., who were second in the mile and two mile bicycle races respectively, being very p 'pular. A new feature this year was the race for tradesmen, shop assistants, and tramway employees which attracted a large number of entries. As an experiment, the competition was encouraging, although in some heats the racing was very poor. As usual the military tournament by a squad of soldiers from Orford Barracks gave consider- able pleasure. The men went through a series of drills and exercises with commendable smartness and the display reflected credit on Sergeants-Instructors Knight and Leach who directed operations. A unique acrobatic display was given by Waldeck Piermont who has come over from Amsterdam and astonished the crowd with his wonderful feats. The Blue Coat. School band was in attendance and, under the con- ductorship of Mr. Armstrong, played enjoyable selec- tions. The arrangements foe the meeting were in every way admirable and great praise is due to the officials who discharged their duties most ably. They were :—President : Mr. M. Nicholls, Chief Constable; Vice-President, Detective Superintendent Monaghan. Judges : Alderman D. Tinnion, J.P., Messrs. Harvey, E. Warren, J. Rabbitt, D. Wyllie, F. Barber, Pick- avance and Booth N.C.U. Timekeeper: Mr. Thomas Locker. Marksmen : Messrs. F. Crabtree, Birchall, W. Carter, Reece, F. Whittaker, J. Beardsall, P. Coates. Stewards: Inspectors Taylor and Smith, Sergeants Williamson and Barlow. Detective Ideacock, Act. Sergt. Stewart. P.C.'s Clough, Hayes, Tolley and Wyse. Clerks of the Course: Chief Inspector Phillips and P. S. Hodgkiss. Starter: Mr. T. Wain- ' wright, Salford Hullers. Secretary: Sergeant W. Evans. Assistant Secretary: P. C. Newey. 100 YARDS FLAT RACE (coufinefl to Warrington Police.)—Our local police force possesses plenty of good sprinters and this race, as usual, was a populat item. The winners of heats were :-Ist heat, 1, H. Armstrong (scratch) : 2, D. Holland, 3 yards; 2nd heat, 1, S. Andrews, 4: 2, H. Woodland 2; 3rd heat, 1, W. Evans, 16 • 2, J. Berry, 6. There was a keen struggle in the final which resulted in a victory for 8. Andrews by half a yard. H. Armstrong, the scratch man,was second and there were only inches between him and H. Wood- land. The fourth to breast the tape was D. Holland. Time 11 2-5 secs. Prizes :-Ist. walnut clock and bronzes: 2nd, basket spoonsand cutlery (54 pieces) ; 3rd, silver-plated cruet; 4th, case of cutlery. 100 YARDS FLAT RACE (Open).—There was some disappointment that two noted runners—mH.T.Pankhurst,

===== 0002601_19070824_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, August 24, 1907

, " Y " Branch B.W.T.A. Salford, and S. Hurdsfielk Salford-failed to turn out. , The race, however, proved interesting, the victors in On Thursday afternoon the members and friends of the heats Y dall So th t YM C A being:-L. OW , u por ... ~ the above Society held their annual picnic. Their 8f yards ; R. Quayle, Lancashire County Police, 10; destination this year was Oulton Park, and the drive ,G. H. MoLeavy, West Cheshire H., 81; E. Lightfoot, and walk round the estate of that delightful neighbour- ' Crosfield's R.C., 91 ; G. B. Cocking, Southport H. 7.1. - hood was much enjoyed. The weather was kind until 'C. L. Cheesman, Liverpool Hand A.C. 5i ; R. F. ' Jackson, Altrincham, 8 ; J. Leather, Warrington, 9; J. the return journey, but that was safely accomplished e IParker, Blackpool, 6/ ; J. C. Bardsley, Warrington IL in spite of the rain. land A.C.. 7,-; ; J. Casey, Waterloo H., 8i ; W. Raw Dr. Markel, JP. ' Pembroke H., 9. Second round: Heats 1 to 4; On Saturdaj at the Warrington Borough Police 11. R. Quayle; 2, L. Yewdall ; heats 5 to 8, Court, Dr. Karl Emile Markel was sworn a magistrate; 1, G. B. Cocking; 2, R. F. Jackson; heats 9to 12, the whole of the court standing. 'I, J. Casey ; 2, W. Raw. In the final the ' victory of R. Cluayle was a popular one. Only a foot GARDEN TIDTTS.-Tennis, Croquet, and other out- separated him from W. Raw, while J. Casey was a very door sports.-J. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, close third. Time lOsecs. Prizes :-Ist, massive Warrington.-Advt. I marble and bronze clock and forums; 2nd. silver fruit Theft of Coal. and flower stand ; 3rd, salad bowl. Joseph Massey, 4, Liyerp ml-road, was charged 1 ONE MILE BICYCLE (Open).-This contest was at the Borough Court on Monday, before the Mayor i of of some of its interest by the non-appearance and other magistrates with having stolen 241bs of coal i 1 Coppack, Crewe C.C., and C. Berry' Warrington. The latter has not suficiently recovered from the to the value of 3d. the property of the London and ;effects of his recent accident to be able to figure on the North-Western Railway Company on the 10th inst. . track. T. Sherratt, the international, turned out, but The chief constable said that P.C. Gibbs saw the he was so heavily handicapped that it was practically prisoner coming down the steps with the coal under ; impossible for him to get to the front on a grass track, his coat. He said that the aailwaY Company had to and he did not survive his heat. The winners of heats :-.lioFil, Powell, Warrington A.C., l7O yardsl:loß. set six or seven men to watch for coal-thieves. The were prisoner had been in a dangerous position. He might l'i”-, 141, I L. r a Wood, Bolton, U., 14 g• h ft. n ' C . Warrington, Allen, lenbroke have lost his life. Mr. Steel made an appeal on behalf H., 170. There were several spills in the . _ Massey who, he said, was 67 years of age, and final and the finish was not exciting. B. had been 40 years in the employ of afessra. Crosfield i Hasl, am came in first by five lengths, J. Houghton being and Son. -The Chief Constable said the railway I second, and L. F. Wood third. Time, 2min. 43 3-ssecs. company did not wish to press the case,because it was ; Prizes :-Ist, silver tea and coffee service and silver- only a small amount of coal that was taken. Defendant mounted tray; 2nd, silver rose bowl •; 3rd, silver egg frame.lOo." ARDS FLIT RACE (confined to Tradesmen, Shop attributed his downfall to bad companions.---Prisoner was fined ss. including costs. Assistants and Tramway Employees).-This was an TRAVELLING TRUNKS, DRESS BASKETS, &C.. Try innovation and met with an encouraging amount of J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge-street, War- support. Several heats, however, were very feebly rington.-Advt. conteked and one was declared void. No doubt the 1 A Pest to Passengers. race will be taken up with greater enthusiasm at of heats were :-A. Pearson, Woods, 35, Hamilton-street, Thomas Cam- ' *rs earson, scratch- R. Bennett, scratch; T. Spencer, 2; H. Regan, mings, 37, Scotland-road, Thomas Curry, 24, Hop- - , 2 ; W. Green, 2 ; J. Walker. 3; E. Smith, 2 and J. wdod-street and Joseph Hopwood, 37, Scotland-road Spencer, 3, dead heat. Second round: Heats Ito 4, were charged at the Borough Police Court on Nfonday ' 1, T. Spencer; 2, R. Bennett • , heats 5 to 8,1, W. Green; with obstructing the footpath near the Central 12, J. Walker. The final resulted in a victory for R. Station on the tenth of this month. Hopwood did not ' Bennett who breasted the tape two yards in advance of appear. The rest pleaded guilty. -The Chief Con- . ; T. Spencer while the same distance separated the latter from W. Green. Time llsecs. Prizes :-Ist, silver and stable said during the short time he had been in 1 oak smoker's cabinet; 2nd, silver-plated tea pot; 3rd, Warrington he had received numerous corn- I biscuit barrel. plaints about loafers standing in the way.- 1 880 YARDS FLAT RACE (open).-Twenty competitors P.C. Cox said that at ten minutes to five on the took the field, including A. Astley, of Salford H., the date named he told the defendants to go away, because Northern Counties half-mile champion who started they were obstructing the footpath. They moved on from the d 4 yards mark. The result was :-1, J. Ditch- a bit, but afterwards came back again. He told them field, I. 6W; 3,ntr Itgart ;Li24ePr .oritrWanna A.C.l Middlesbrough H. again, but again they came back, so he took their I yards; yard; Timel min.s9 113-ssecs.Prizes:-Ist,onyx and names and addresses. They were a pest to passengers. ; bronze clock and ornaments; 2nd, barometer and They were each fined 10s. and casts or 14 days' . thermometer combined; 3rd, case of carvers. imprisonment. 220 YARDS FLAT RACE (open to any member of any FARM-FED FAT Baxes,sd.per lb.at ASHLEY'S.-Advt. police force).-A well-known competitor in the person of D. Carroll, Manchester, figured in this race and A Woman's Ingratitude. although he was scratch man succeeded in lifting the Margaret Yates, who had been released from gaol ; third prize. The winners of heats were :-Ist heat. 1, on Monday, was charged at the Warrington Borough ; D. Carroll, Manchester Dock Police, scratch; 2, T. W. Court on Tuesday, before Mr. Henry Roberts (in the i Culley, Manchester City, 18; 2iid heat, 1, T. F. Walsh, chair), Dr. Fox and Mr. T. Locker, with having stolen 1 Manchester' • City, 9 ,ens, Liverpool City, 20 ;22, A. Buckley, Manchester Cit 4 15; ; a pair of shoes and two shawls valued at 10s. 6d., the , 3rd heat. 1, H. Stephens, Ronan, Salford, 19. In the final T. F. Walsh was first J. t by property of Ann Burns, 40, Cockhedge-lane.-The . three yards. H. Stevens secured the second award and Chief Constable said that on the 10th of July the i a yard separated him from D. Carroll. Time 24 1-ssecs. prosecutrix gave prisoner a night's lodgings. She : Prizes i-lst, silver tea urn ; 2nd, silver flower vases; slept downstairs on the sofa. Early the following 3rd, gent's. silver back brushes and comb and case. morning the prisoner was missing, together with the 1 220 YARDS FLIT RACE (Open).-This race provided articles mentioned. She got into trouble at North- an interesting struggle, the following being victorious wich, and on being released from gaol returned to iAlotrhteouhets:-J. 'Liverpool Casey, Waterloo H. 16 ; G. H. Warrington, where she was arrested by Superintendent Southport rt H. 14 U. Burrows, AC. 13; &. B. Cocking, Monaghan and Detective Meacock soon after her L. Yewdall, Southport, 151 ; T. A. Williams, Broughton arrival. arrival. She had pawned the shawls, and was wear- H. and A.C., 16; D. Carroll, Manchester Dock Police, ing the shoes. -Prisoner, against whom were five 16. The final resulted in a victory for L. Yewdall, who previous convictions, was sent to gaol for a month was a yard before J. Casey. G. B. Cocking was third, with hard labour. a yard behind Casey. Time 23 1-ssecs. Prizes :-Ist, WOOD MANTELS' Kitchen Ranges and Fire Grates, combination case cutlery and plate; 2nd, silver- largest stock in the district.-J. S. GARLAND, Iron- mounted oak liquer frame; 3rd, silver cake basket. , monger, Bridge-street, Warrington.-Advt. Two MILES BICYCLE HANDICAP (Open).-This was ' Order of Druids Picnic. one of the best features of the programme, T. Sherratt, who was virtually scratch man, achieving a notable The members of the Druids Camp Lodge held their triumph. Winners of heats :-T. Sherratt, Salford H, picnic to Gateacre on Saturday last. Starting from 30; L. C. Daintith, Warrington 8.C., 270; J. Houghton. the Higher Angel they were conveyed in a brake, Warrin_gton, 160; L. F. Wood, Sankey H., 285; R. being accompanied by District Officers Bros. John eT2IIY, East Liverpool W.,170. R. Hollingworth,Salford H.' second Jackson, William Bibby, Edwin Allen and Robert _ (270) was sond in the fastest heat and thus quali- fied for the final. Sherratt displayed remarkable staying Perdue, through the country to the Bridge Inn, Gate- powers and gradually forged ahead,winning quite easily. acre, where an excellent tea was served by the The final was marred by A number of spills, only three proprietress, Mrs. Ryley, in the spacious ball adjoining of the six riders finishing. Result :-1, T. Sherratt ;2, the bowling green. A bowling main took place and L. F. Wood ;3, R. Jolley. Won eaSily ; twenty lengths. some very interesting games were witnessed, the Time, smins. 38secs. Prizes :-Ist, oak Westminster older members vieing with the younger ones for chiming clock; 2nd, silver-plated table centre; 3rd, pickle stand. supremacy. The final between the Lodge Secretary, ONE MILE BICYCLE HANDICAP (confined to the staff Bro. Packer, and J. Derbyshire ended in favour of the of the Royal Court and Royal Theatres.)-This race, as secretary. Other prize winners were Bros. F. Basel- usual, was productive of considerable amusement, five. den, J. Appleton, F. Molyneux, William Bibby, H. riders taking part. Result: 1, Gleave, scratch; 2 Wilcock, J. Goulden, A. Molyneux, J. Bower, T. E. Nevins, 100; 3, Warburton, 110. - Half a wheel; 100 Jones and J. Marsh. The return home was corn- yards. Time 3mins. 25secs. menced at 8 o'clock, Warrington being reached,after a ONE MILE BICYCLE HANDICAP (Warrington Police in uniform).-Six competitors took part and the result splendid drive round, at about 11 o'clock. The was : -1, J. Berry, scratch ;2, J. Whitby, 75 ; 3, 0. arrangements were adiqirahly carried out by Bros. S. Hughes, 110. Five lengths; length. Time 3inins Packer and Hughes, to 'whom the members show their 42secs. Prizes t-lst, oak, silver-mounted ink stand- hearty appreciation. 2nd, silver-mounted biscuit barrell ; 3rd, dinner cruet. PCTBLIC Barr, UNDER TETE CLOCK Fold BT MILE FLAT RACE (OPEN).-Tbere MS a good muster BOOTS IN LANCA.SIIIRE.-Advt. for this race which resulted as follows ! I,H. E. Allen,

Sankey H. (142 yards) ; 2, F. Ellerton,Middlesbrough H. 95; 3, C. Robertshaw, St. lielens R.H. 140. Five yards, half-yard. Time, 4rnins. 27secs. Prizes :--ist, silver table centre; 2nd, silver candlestick ; 3rd, silver tea pot. At the close of the sports the prizes were distributed by the Mayoress (Ars. Smethurst.)

===== 0002601_19070824_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

" Lucky Liza." Merriment holds sway at the Royal Court Theatre this week, the attraction being the musical absurdity "Lucky Liza." The piece was acclaimed by a crowded house on Monday and the succeeding per- formances have been very largely attended. As an absurdity" Lucky-Liza" makes no pretensions to elaborate plots and the humour is not of the subtle variety, but for breezy, rollicking fun, the play would be hard to beat. It is one long round of hilarity. "Lucky Liza" is a "slavey"who has her own way and takes a delight in making things lively. Of course, she eventually comes into a fortune and is much sought after, but before this she has a breach of promise action against one Biffins, a gardener. The trial is one of the most diverting features of the play, the Judge not being • proof against the fascinations of the plaintiff and awarding her substantial damages. As" Lucky Liza" Miss Madge Brownie is vivacity personified. Her songs are very pleasing and she is a remarkably clever dancer. Mr. Dickie Clare, the manager of the company, scores a huge success in the three parts of Silas Slim, the Judge and the French waiter. Widely varied as the roles are, he is equally at home in each, and keeps the audience in continual mirth. He gives some capital songs, the most popular having for its theme the once familiar ditties which are seldom heard now. There is some excellent dancing, the La Belle Trio being particularly accom- plished in the art. NEXT WEEK'S ATTRACTION.

Next week the beautiful moCier-ti-i;;;;;M•ance "The Love that Women Desire " will be presented by Mr. (I-. Carlton Wallace's Company who pay a return visit. The play is a most enthralling one and should attract crowded audiences. Seats may be booked at the theatre from 11 to 1 daily. . ,

===== 0002601_19070824_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
PEN KETH.

FIDDLERS FERRY SAILING AND BOATING CLUB.— On Saturday in a race in connection with the Tran- mere Sailing Club the Fag (Frankish and Gallon) was successful in securing the first prize, a silver cup. pre- sented by the vice-Commodore,Mr. R. Ritchmough. The Ferry Club are doing well,this being the third cup they ig.ve brought home this season. BIBLE CLAss.—The Penketh Wesleyan Men's Bible Class held their open afternoon service on Sunday in the large tent that had been erected for the purpose of the Penketh,Sankey and District. Garden and Cage Bird Society's annual show which was held on Saturday. There was a good attendance, which numbered about, 300. The president, Mr. C. E. Parker took the chair and a very edifying address was delivered by Mr. J. Travers, of Widnes. During ;:the, service the Penketh Tannery Prize Bind under the conductorship of Mr. Harper of Widnes, played selections and the Penketh and Sankey Vocal Union under the conductorship of Mr. D. Dunn, of Sankey Bridges, sang two pieces. viz., "Lead kindly Light" and " Comrades song of Hope." The selections were rendered in a way that redounds much to their credit as they have only been formed so short a time.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWFORD'S

CRISP AND CREAMY

CREAM

CRACKERS.

-

===== 0002601_19070824_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
EXAMINATION RESULTS. Oxford —Local Lists

WARRINGTON SUCCESSES.

There are numerous local successes in the lists of results of the Oxford Local Examinations which have been published this week. The total number of candi- dates examined was 18,514, as compared with 15,966 last year, and 2,990 certificates have been awarded as against 1,568 in 1906. The greatest numerical advance was among the senior candidates, who numbered 6,370 as against 4,614 last year. The juniors totalled 8,327, an increase of 357 on 1906. The Preliminary candidates last yea: numbered 1,622, this year the total has gone up to 3,817. Of the Seniors 4,045 passed, and 5,887 Juniors and 3,058 Preliminary cacclidates were awarded certificates. The premier position in the first class of the Seniors is gained by J.A. Thorne, Blundell's School, Tivertnn. In the oral examination, 71 candidates passed in French and three in German. In the Junior division E. Jones, Bury Grammar School is placed at the top of the list. In the oral examination 62 candidates passed in French and six in German. The following is a list of the successful Senior candi- dates from this district : HONOURS LIST. _ _

Framed on the aiiregiit-e-Wor-ii-Wihe candidates, and containing the names of those who satisfied the examiners, and obtained honours and the title of Associ- ate in Arts.

First Class, in order of merit (93 candidates).-24th (bracheted equal with another), J. A. G. Sterling and H. Wilco; Boteler Grammar School, Warrington. Second Class, in order of merit (122 candidates).- 50th (bracketed equal with four others), J. H. Dawson, Boteler Grammar School..

Third Class, arranged in numerical order under the several centres (577 candidates). Runcorn.—J. H. Richardson, Pupil Teachers' Centre. Widnes.—W. H. Aldridge and M. L. Boardman, Secondary School. Warrington.—W. M. Watkins, Boteler Grammar School.

PASS LIST. FIRST DIVISION. Framed on the aggregate work of the candidates, and containing the names of the candidates born on or after July 1, 1883, who satisfied the examiners and obtained the title of Associate in Arts; arranged in numerical order under the several centres (2,720 candidates) : I Runcorn.—P. Atherton, T. F. Ford, H. Garner, T. Howard, A. Shaw', F. G. Taylor, M. Davies, J. Gibbs, E. n. Grice, E. Hankey, B. Haynes, B. A. Hough, E. C. Jeffs, E. Jones, M. McWaters, E. Oulton, M. Roscoe, E. Routledge, N. D. Savage, J. A. Thomas, A. Williams,k.' Wilson, and fir. M. Youd, Runcorn Pupil Teachers' Centre • H. G Bunce, T. E. Griffiths, F. Crew, and F. Hancock, Runcorn Institute Schoel.

Widnes.—H. Baguley, J. W. Hankinsnn, and A. Ireland, Secondafy School; F. S. Phillips, Orford Church of England School ; S. E. Bddwin, M. G. Blower, A. Crompton, WI. E. Crowe, F. J. M. Edwards, E. I. Har- greaves, 11f. Hill, E. Mainwaring, E. Sant, M. Seddon, and F. Wailing, Pupil Teachers' Centre, Widnes ; E. Stevenson, High School, Hough Green. Warrington.—M. Ellison, The Priory School. _ SECOND DIVISION.

Containing the names of the candidates who, having exceeded the age of 19 years on July 1, 1907, satisfied tbe examiners (522 candidates) : Runcorn.—H. Wilkinson, A. Cowap, and A. A. Sand- bach, Pupil Teachers' Centre. Widnes.-0. Sinclair, private tuition ; V. Clibborn: E. H. Crowe, M. A. Ford, A. Glover, E. Hankinson, E. Higgins, and A. Ward, Pupil Teadhers' Centre Secondary School.

RESPONSIONS. The following, out of 62 candidates, have shown sufficient merit to be excused from the examination in stated subjects :

Warrington—J. H. Dawson, J. A. G. Sterling, and R. Wilcox.

DISTINCTTONS. The following, in order of merit, obtained distinc- tion :

Religious Knowledge (5G candidates).—J. A. G. Sterling and R. Wilcox, Warrington, bracketed equal 12th with 19 others.

Latin (15 candidates).—N. L. Naisrnith, Bowdon, and G. F'. Greaves, Warrington, bracketed equal 13th with another.

Greek (13 candidates).—J. A. G. Sterling, Warring- ton, 13th.

/Vinci° (eight candidates), I. Johnson, Warrington, second.

JUNIOR DIVISION LISTS. The following are the successful junior candidates rrom this district :

HONOURS LIST.

First Class, in order of merit (200 candidares).-28th, B. Browne, Boteler Grammar School, Warrington (bracketed equal with four others) ; 33rd, R. Willan, Secondary Day School, Widnes (bracketed equal wilh six others) ; 47th, R. Isherwood, Boteler Grammar School, Warrington (bracketed equal with five others) : 54th, J. Bunch, Boteler Grammar School (bracketed equal with eight others) ; 75th, E. Ar. Downie, High School, Knutsford, and E. A. Thomas, Boteler Grammar School(bracketed equal with 14 others); 91st A.E.Eden. Runcorn Institute School (bracketed equal with 11 others) ; 176th, N. Devonald, Secondary Day School. Widnes (bracketed equal with 24 others). Second Class in order of merit (335 candi- dates).—lst, H. E. H. Lawton, Boteler Grammar School (bracketed equal with 47 others) ; 49th, B. Hodkinson. Leigh Grammar School, and C. C. Evans and H. W. Lea' Secondary Day School, Widnes (bracketed equal with 47 others); 13(th J. W. Eaton, Bowdon College,and R. W. Weaver.Boteler Grammar Schoolf,bracketed equal with 14 others): 182nd, H. C. Richardson, Warham House. Hale, and T. Daven- port, Runcorn Institute School (bracketed equal with 51 others) ; 235th, W. H. Rigby and F. 0. Stansfield, Boteler Grammar School, Warrington (bracketed equal with 11 others.) Third Class, arranged in numerical order under the several centres (1,003 candidates) : Runcorn.—W. Haining and L. Whinyates, Runcorn Institute School.

Widnes.—P. Crompton, A. Hartland, C. E. Hill, R. Stirrup, E. M. Hipwell, W. M. Robinson, and L. A. Stirrup, Secondary School. PASS LIST.

Containing the names of the junior candidates born on or after July Ist, 1891, who satisfied the examiners.

FIRST DIVISION. Arranged in numerical order under the several centres '2.962 candidates) :

Widnes.—W. S. Furness and P. Ff, Jones, Sacondary School, Warrington; W. T. Lewis, H. Parker, A. Crowe, E. A. Edwards, B. H. Gandy, and L Rickerstrace, Secondary School, Widnes; If. C. Treacy, High School, Hough Green. Warrington.—F. Bnnch, S. H. Collins. P. Crampton, L. Henshall, and A. Rose, Boteler Grammar School.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND DIVISION.

Containing the names of the candidates who, having exceeded the age of 16 years on July Ist, 1907, satisfied the examiners:

Rnncorn.—A. Billington, A. H. Gowanlock, awl T. A. Hampson, Rimcorn Institute School.

, Wi,dnes.—J. C. Knowles, private tuition ; H. Tebbntt, D. (1 Appleby, and D. Greenwood, Secondary School. Warrington.—E. W. Boniton, T.C. Locker, H. Turner, and W. Young, Boteler Grammar School. DISTINCTIONS.

The following gandidates, arranged in order of merit, obtained distinctions

Religious Knowledge ((3 candidates).—E. A. Thomas, Warrington (bracketed equal with 17 others). Latin (104 candidates).-42nd, B. Browne, Warrington (bracketed equal with eight others) : 51st, H. E. H. Lawton, Warrington (bracketed equal with three others) 66th, R. Isherwood, Warrington (bracketed equal with three others.) _ _ _

Greek (30 Candidates).-6th, R. Isherwood, Warring- ton (bracketed equal with six others) ; 13th, 13. Browne. Warrington. bracketed equal with two others: 16th. .T. Bunch and E. A. Tho-_-.fts, Warrington, (bracketed equal with five others) ; 23rd, W. W. Smith, Bowdon, and W. EL Rigby, Warrington (bracketed equal with six others). French (55 candidates).-4lth, B. Browne, Warrington (bracketed equal with another.) Physics (21 candidates).-6th, H. NV. Lea, Widnes (bracketed equal with four others). PRELIMINARY EXAMINATIONS. PASS LIST. FIRST DIVISION.

Warrington.—G. Hamman, Stockton Lodge High School.

SECOND DIVISION.

Warrington.—P. M. Longton, Kirkfield School, Newton-le-Willows; L. Sims, Stockton Lodge, High School; N. Wade, the Priory School.

WHITE CITY, MANCHESTER.

The fame of the White City of Manchester, and its numerous attractions, has spread all over Great Britain, and in fact all over Europe, and not without good reason, for this electrical city, (as it may be aptly so termed) is indeed a wonderland with attractions at every turn certain to please. Visitors go there day after day and bring their little ones, and others visit this greatest of England's Recreation Parks night after night, always passing a few delightful hours. The attractions are so great in quality and so numerous that space will only allow us to adequately enumerate in full. One can find enjoyment in watching the Free Circus, or listening to the music of the Bands (who play daily afternoon and evening on the spacious Band Stand). At 2.30 in the afternoon the Water Pantomime. given by the so-named "Water Rats of the White City," is one of the features in the list of Free Attractions.' The Most Magnificent Fairy Fountain in the world plays at intervals. At night the City with its 40,000 electric lights makes a peerless display, and is indeed a Fairyland when the evening shadows have fallen upon the busy town. Another special attractions has just been added.—Zipho in his Death-defying Slide for Life on a telegraph wire over 500 feet long, from a height of 150 feet. This is Zipho's first engagement in Great Britain. - •

PEW PEOPLE WAVE EYES ALricit. Thousands have ruined their sight by neglect, by wearing other people's glasses or glasses for which they were not carefully and thoroughly tested.—JOTINSTON WATSON, Eyesight and Spectacle Specialist, 84, Bridge st., Warrington. Low prices and sattisfaction gaarinteed.—Advt

---;`771-7777"

===== 0002601_19070824_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

POACHING NEAR RUNCORN.

Two Prodsham men, named Thomas Allman and Albert Pover, were summoned to Runcorn Petty Sessions, on Monday for poaching on land belonging to Mr. A. Harvey Talbot, J.P., of Aston Hall. The men were caught working lan4 with two dogs. Allman was fined 10s. and costs, and Pover ss. and costs.

SWINE FEVER IN CHESHIRE. RUNCORN TRADESMAN FINED.

On Monday, at the Runcorn Police Court, William Ackerley, greengrocer, Church-street, pleaded guilty to making a false declaration for the removal of a pig, and also to removing a pig contrary to the swine fever regulations of the county.—Charles Wilson, of Elles- mere-street,also pleaded guilty to causing the pig to be removed, but was allowed to withdraw the plea. The circumstances, as related by Superintendent Ennion. were that Wilson asked Ackerley to remove a pig to Halton for him. At five o'clock on Monday morning Ackerley obtained two declaration forms, and half an hour later Police-sergeant Allonbo met Ackerley remov- ing the pig, asked for tile declarations, and was handed the blank forms. He sent him back to get the forms filled in by Wilson, but Ackerley filled them in himself. because Wilson was in bed. Ackerley was fined 40s. and costs, 12s. for making the false declaration, and 10s. and costs 9s. 6d. for removing the pig. Wilson was also fined 106. and costs. The magistrates' clerk (NIL John- son) told Ackerley he had made himself liable to a penalty of £40.-9trperintendent Eonion said he had received a communication from the Chief Constable that swine fever was spreading in the county, and all steps must be taken to put it down.

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. MR. BELL AND DR. ADAMS.

A meeting of this authority was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. G. Piling presiding. There were also present:—Messrs. S. Woodward, Thos. Wright, C.E. Linaker, Thos.Guest,J.Hallows,G. Egerton-Warbur- ton, Admiral Jones-Parry, A. Broome, C. F. Bell, Chas. Roylance, J. llynekyme, L. Bolton, R. Nickson, J. H. Davies, E. Brit* E. Bretherton, W. Weir, G. F. Ashton (clerk), Dr. Adams (medical officer of health), J. Farrington (inspector of nuisances), J. Swinton and W. Diggle (surveyors).

===== 0002601_19070824_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
HUSBY LIGHTING.

The Local Government Board forwarded an order they had issned, investing the District Council with certain ITrban powers as regarded the lighting of Fclelsby and declaring the expenses incurred by the Connell in the execution of those powers to be special expenses.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
DANGEROUS CORNER.

The Parish Council of Walton Inferior sent a com- munication that it had been reported to them that the corner of :11r. Bainbridge's garden at the junction of Walton and Hill Cliffe roads is dangerous considering the amount of motor traffic and they desired the District Council to consider the advisability of forming a circular corner at this point. . _

- The Surveyor suggested that the wall be lowered. The Chairman: It is a most dangerous corner. Mr. Hallows: It is the most dangerous corner in the Stockton Heath neighboorhood. There have been several narrow escapes. The Surveyor was instructed to r3port further to the Highways Committee.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
DA RESBURY SEWERAGE.

Colonel John Clare Ridgway, of Daresbury Lodge, under date 29th July, wrote complaining of sewage contamination of an open ditch from the Daresbury tank and asking that the drain from the tank should be connected with his drainage pipes, as he s..rongly objected to his place being spoiled by sewage. The Clerk reported that since Colonel Ridgway's death his son had written confirming the letter. Mr. Farrington said he had interviewed Mr. Ridgway and assnrred him that the Council would no doubt be willing to do all they could to abate a nuisance if any existed. Mr. Ridgway had agreed to take observa- tions and if he found anything suspicious to let him know. In his (Mr. Farrington's) opinion the contamina- tion was from the road washings which contained lime. Dr. Adams said that personally he considered the effluent from the tank was satisfactory but he suggested that full bacteriological examinations should be made. This was agreed to. NORLEY WATER QUESTION.—A BREEZE. _

Mr. Reginald Potts, clerk to the Cheshire County Council, wrote that in March last the County Analyst analysed a sample of water taken from the pump well to a new house in Cow-lane, named Manor House, in the parish of Norley. The analyst certified that the nitrates were very high, showing previous sewage con- tamination, and the Health Committee of the County Council requested the District Council to take steps to prevent the use of such water for domestic purposes. Mr. Woodward said the Norley Water Committee met that morning, and was informed that at a recent parish meeting Norley promised to amend one of the public water supplies as an experiment. The Committee was not satisfied with that, as the question not only touched the comparatively few public supplies in the village, but a great number of private supplies. The Com- mittee believed that if a poll were taken the majority of the inhabitants would be in favour of the full scheme, and they recornlnended that it be carried out in accordance with plans already submitted to the Local Government Board. Mr. Linaker seconded and the recommendation was agreed to with one dissentient. It was decided to advertise for tenders.

Mr. Bell said he wished to protest against the dis- graceful way in which the medical officer had treated him. Three months ago he (Mr. Bell) asked Mr. Farrington and Dr. Adams some questions. Mr. Farlington kindly answered him at the next meeting but Dr. Adams had put him off with excuses and had not answered the questions yet. He wanted the ques- tions to be answered in writing for the next meeting. Dr. Adams said that speaking purely as an official he did not consider it was the right of any District Councillor to demand answers to questions from him of a personal, private or other character which were not under the authority of the chair. He maintained that his report of July Bth contained a full answer to every one of Mr. Bell's questions. He apologised to Mr. Bell for any sense of discourtesy ho might have felt, and assured him it had never been meant. Mr. Bell was not the only person in Norley who had approached him and he had turned to them all the same cheek of non- cornplial. That was the only attitude he could main- tain unless the Council thought he should sink the dignity of his office in a matter of personalities. He was not the servant of any District Councillor bat of the District Council.

Mr. Bell persisted in his questions, and after further discussion the Chairtnan ruled that as Dr. Adams said his report covered the questions, he (the Chairman) could not interfere in the matter.

It was agreed that Mr. Ball should be supplied with a copy of the report.

_ _ FINANCIAL. Mr. Woodward reported that the total payments that day were £l,OOO 2s. 4d., and the balance in the treasurer's hands amounted to £4,952 is. sd.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON

CHURCH PARADE.

Tue annual church parade took place at Newton on Sunday, when a large number of people attended to see the soldiers march to St. Peter's Church. The procof Con was headed by the Imperial Yeomanry Band.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOW SUCCESSES.

Mr. Makeague, of Golborne Hall, Newton-le-Willows has been again highly successful with his horses at the Poulton-letYylde Show, the Rochdale, and other shows, piling several first class prizes and cups.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
A TRAMP IS TROUBLE.

Fair Chambers, a tramp, was charged at the Warring- ton Occasional Court on Thursday with stealing from the house 117, Penny-lane, Haydock, one coat, a wooden pipe and a key the property of Mary Ann Smales of the above address. Prisoner was seen by a neighbour to go in the lobby and take the coat off the clothes rail id the lobby.—lnformation was received by P.C. Taylor who accordingly arrested Chambers.—Thomas Davies manager for Messrs. Sutton and Sons, pawnbrokers, 47, Gerard-street, Ashton-in-Makerfield, said prisoner, who gave his name as John Jackson, came to him in the pledge office where prisoner asked for 3s. on the coat. He advanced him 2.5. 3d.—Mary Ann Smales said the property belonged to her husband and it was worth 15s.—Prisoner was convicted to the Liverpool Quarter Sessions. WOULD NOT PAY. At the County Petty Sessions hold at Warrington before Captain Withington and other justices on Wednesday, James Jameson was summoned for arrears of mainten- ance to the amount of 46 is. dne to his wife, Jane Jameson, living at Earlestown, who bad had to apply to the Guardians for relief.—Superintendent Innes said that Jameson told him before the Court that he would not pay. lie was a very good workman, but he was out of work at present. They had great difficulty in finding him. They had a three days' search.—Prisoner, who said he could not pay, was sent to gaol for two calendar months with hard labour. 'MEANT TARING IT BACK."

Lavinia Watson of no settled abode was charged on remand at Warrington on Wednesday with stealing on the 6th inst., a blanket of the the value of 10s. 6d., the property of Benjamin Barker, Haydock-street, Earles- town.—May Barker, daughter of prosecutor, said the prisoner was working at their house for a fortnight. On the date mentioned the blanket was on the bathroom table but later in the day she missed it. At 6.30 p.m she saw prisoner, who had been for her clothing, leaving with two parcels under her arm.—John Morrow said he , was manager for Messrs. Callendar's, pawnbrokers, Earlestown. The prisoner, who gave the name of May Watson, Hotel-street, Earlestown, came in the shop with the blanket for which, as she had asked him to, he gave her 2s. Gd. P.C. Lennie said when he charged prisoner with the theft she said" I did not steal it on purpose, I meant taking it back with my wages this week." He received her from the Leigh police. She was fined 10s. including costs, or seven days imprison- ment.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY.

IThe members of the above society held their first smoking concert at their new quarters, in Fairclough- street on Saturday. The principal artistes who came from St. Helens were assisted by local talent tinder the direction of Mr. T. A. Dennett. In introducing the artistes to the audience, the President (Mr. Cosgrove) reminded the members, that although every effort was being made by the committee to minister to the requirements both in the way of refreshments and amusements, they must still keep before them the fact that they belonged to a religious society. He urged them to attend earnestly and regularly to their funda- mental obligations. The programme, which lasted over two hours, was an exceedingly good one. All the artistes were well received and all the items were well rendered. At the close Mr. E. Fitzgerald proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Denuett, the organizer of the concert, for his efforts in getting together such a talented company, and expressed the hope that this concert would be the forerunder of several similar ones. Mr. W. F. Hurst (secretary) seconded, and Councillor Toole (president of the Warrington Society) 'supported the motion. The vote was carried with acciamation,and Mr. Dennett responded.

fIAYDCCK COLLIERY SICK CLUB. BIG MAJORITY FOR WINDING-UP.

The men belonging to tbe sick club connected with Messrs. Evans and Co's. collieries at Haydock, St. Helens, Ashton, Edge Green, and Golborne have decided upon winding up the club. It is announced that out of a vote of 4,500 members the majority is over two to one for terminating the club. The Society has been in existence since 1862, and contributions have been at the request of the men, collected from the firm's cashier, and the practical management has been carried out by the firm's representatives. At the annual meeting a fortnight ago it was announced that there was a debt of close on £4OO. A meeting was held at the Waggon and Horses Hotel, 'Elaydock, last week, of delegates from the whole of the committees connected with the branches of the Miners' Federation at the various pits of Messrs. R. Evans and Company to consider the question of the formation of a new sick club in place of the :dub which has been carried on for so many years by the firm.— Mr. T. Walton presided, and it was explained that as the old sick club has ceased to provide either benefits or medical attendance it was urgently necessary that a new club should be formed.— The meeting after long consideration, decided that an amalgamated sick and funeral club be formed for every pit and workshop under Messrs R. Evans and Company including surface and underground workers. The con- tributions were fixed at 4d. per week,but female workers and all under 16 of age years are so be called upon to pay half. The benefits of the new club are to be Bs. full pay for six months, and 2s. for a further twelvemonths, and in the event of death £3 per member, and £4 on the death of a member's wife. The new society will take up all the liabilities of all members of the old sick club, for sick cases only, but claims will be taken up from the griginal date and on the new scale. It was decided that each branch should hold a special meeting, and that the delegates should meet on Tuesday next to draw up a code of rules. In respect of accident all the men connected with the firm are pressed to join the new permanent relief society, so as to cover them- selves in cases of accident. Men who do not belong to either the new or old permanent club are at present left without medical attendance in the case of accidents. Until the 23rd inst. the committee have decided to pro- vide medical attendance for all who may, under such circumstances, meet with accidents; but after that date the committee will take no responsibility.—The medical officers whe will act for the new society in the case of accident are Dr. Dowling, Haydock ; Dr. O'Keefe, St. Helens; Dr. Mapei, Golborne ; Dr. Mather, Billinge ; and Dr. Latham, Ashton.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

Mr. W. S. Dromgoole was on Monday returned unopposed as a representative of the Hardshaw Ward of St. Helens on the Prescot Board of Guardians, in place of the late Mr. R. D. Houghton. CHEMICAL WORKS INVADED. Three rough-looking men, named Thomas Houghton, James Ashcroft, and Josepix Kerfoot, were at St. Helens on Saturdas ordered to find sureties or go to gaol for fourteen days for invading the Cliire Chemical Works the previous afternoon and threatening the workmen. The works watchman said that owing to the conduct of the three men the workmen had to go out and leave their work, and then the prisoners began fighting one another, and Kerfoot was badly mauled. ST, HELENS SHOPKEEPER FINED.

At St. Helens, on Saturday, Guy Kelly, small ware dealer, of Duncan-lane, was charged with exposing for sale obscene picture post-cards. Inspector Jackson proved the case, and said that under a search warrant he seized sixty-one cards which were indecent.—Mrs. Kelly appeared, and said that the same cards were exhibited for sale all over St. Helens. She was simply doing what other shopkeepers were doing. They had not a single indecent card in their shop, and if they were suggestive it was only to prurient minds.—The Chairman said defendant took a very high-handed course in not appearing before the court, and in Mrs. I Kelly stating that this kind of card was to be seen in all the shops of St. Helens. That was not so, and she had no right to make such statements.—Mrs. Kelly asked to see the cards in order to be sure that they were the ones that had come from her shop, and afterwards she said they were simply fat figures and nothing more. Any person would look the same if they were costumed like that. The magistrate ordered the cards to be destroyed, and defendant to pay 12s. costs., ST. HELENS CLERK'S TRAGIC DEATH.

Mr. Brighouse, at Eccleston,on Monday, inquired into the death of Mr. 'John Wilson, aged fifty-eight, the chief pay clerk at Messrs. Pilkington's sheet-glassworks He had been secretary of the St. Helens recreation. club for over 25 years, and was found drowned on Thursday morning last in the Mill Data brook at liccleston. The coroner and jury viewed the scene of the tragedy. Mrs. swift, wife of Alfred Swift, formerly of Springfield Farm, Eccleston, identi- fied the deceased as her father. hie resided at 98, Norwood-road Southport, but for the past two years he had lived with them during the week, and had gone home at the week-ends. He was somewhat weak in his walking, and on the morning prior to his death he sat down suddenly while washing himself. She asked him what was the matter, and he said," I feel done up. I wish my holidays were on." He had never at any time threatened to take his life. On Thursday morning he left home after breakfast as usual to go to the works. Edward John Hickman, insurance agent, of Gillers Green, said that he was going along the footpath towards St. Helens on Thursday morning, at half-past eight, when a nurse named Mabel Cullaford pointed to something in the water. They pulled the body out and found it was Mr. Wilson. There was only a single rail fence along the footpath side, but where the body was the rail was missing. The foot- path was worn away by the water, and there were large pools of water on the surface, which made the path very slippery. It would be quite possible for deceased, when stepping over a pool of water, to have slipped into the brook. He had noticed deceased stagger as he walked, and he appeared far from strong.—Police- constable Young corroborated as to the state of the footpath. The ditch was eight feet wide, and the water over three feet deep. In the present state of the foot- path and fence it was dangerous to the travelling public. A feeble person might easily slip in.— Fred Atherton, gamekeeper at Eccleston Hall, said he found deceased's umbrella sticking upright in the brook as if he bad put it out to save himself when he slipped in.—Mr. Dickinson, solicitor to Messrs. Pilkington, expressed the sympathy of the firm for the family. Deceased had been in their service over thirty years— from 1876—and during that long term of service he had done his duty faithfully and well. Everyone _connected with the firm felt deceased's tragic death very much.— The jury returned a verdict that deceased was accident- ally drowned,and expressed the opinion that the present condition of the footpath and ditch was dangerous to the travelling public, and the authority having legal control over the same ought to take immediate steps to remedy the present state of affairs.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL.

The funeral service was conducted by the Rev. W. H. Jeffries, of Newton Congregational Church. Mr. H. Wilson (sou), who has for some time been a prominent postal official in Natal, was the chief mourner. Messrs, Pilkington Bros. sent a beautiful wreath, and were represented by Messrs. J. Bridge, W. H. Lackland, F. Smith, and J. Smith. The Colonel Talbot Lodge of Oddfellows, of which deceased was treasurer, was represented by P.G. P. Marsh (secretary), and Messrs. J. C. Allen, A. Gregson, J. T. Forrest, and T. Tavlor ; there were also present District Grand 'George Waizhom, P.P.G.M. Newing and G. Boardman, and P.G. T. Gerard.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
A SIMPLE REMEDY. For Loss of Flesh and Weakness. Increases weight i lb. per week. Any Chemist can Supply it.

If you are thir, weak or debilitated from any cause or if you suffer from indigestion, nervousness, or palpitation, a certain yet perfectly harmless and invalu- able remedy which can be obtained for a few pence is Dr. Cassell's Tablets. These tablets build flesh and create nerve force and bodily strength in a manner that surprises everyone who takes them. They should be given to children. for rickets, weak chests, or defective nourishment, and taken by adults for any form of nerve and bodily weakness. Stout people may take them without fear of increase of adipose tissue because of their extraordinary power of absorbing fat and convert- ing it into sound, healthy flesh, blood, bone and muscle Ask your chemist for Dr. Cassell's Tablets, at tenpeace halfpenny.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• 1

===== 0002601_19070824_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
,

4#l

tr., ' ;

, .1

===== 0002601_19070824_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
1 , 1 '• 1 , ---. - ~ •• 004 .......•—•••••••'...%, -..k • - lit 1 V C; 4 6 / -'l%,V>7;-;.••*:-:'•; %, ''.'- aA ) i I ~ . ,--._ y- ••:.•-"%,..1,.., _0 lc '.• • - ,i,'" /.'. vii'.."").. '•:'' ` Y', -t, ' 1 , ' :...% ,'' •.1,"e" .6' *-: ' ' • • . „...... - N., •

A WOULD-BE PATTI

BY RAMA WEST,

Author of "From Across the Sea," "An Aft thought," "The One Hope," "A Double IM, take," "On the Wings of the Morning," &c

"An easy run, good roads,. pleasant coun,4-y inn where you eon recruit at your lcis.‘ure alter tt-le fatigues of the journey, two pretty girls to r.nt,r- tain you as soon as you feel up to being enter- s worth thinking about, Kenningham Gilbert Kenningham stretched his long lbebs in lazy enjoyment of the warmth from crackling wood fire, for the evening was ra, chill, thoogh it was the mithile of the rnerrit, month of v.

"I snupose- some sort of a chern.-Te is rood for one son), times, In urn-inured, refl. vr! "And, Nvhat your sister says, I iiriagiiie the Mi.s Farrel's will not ohject to cat-i- -t:tin strangers unawares, provided, or course; rlify .are welt known to their rhoperon ? Is that N%.ilA :Miss Vynor considers hersrlf " "I am sure I don't lfnow what she considers huself," Fred Vynor replied, in tones whose briskness centraste6 oddly with his eemnanion's leisurely drawl. "It is wi:AL she is, as far as I ,can make our. Julia was always given to keeping her own counsel, hut, from all I have gathercd, the facts in a nutshell are these: She wanted to live in a big house with luxurious surroundings; but, though she is comfortably off, her income would not run to her own carriage and a staff of servants. The Farrell girls were on the look out :for a lady companion, they having had a split with the aunt who had been living with them since their parents' death. Julia has been there over a twelvemonth, so I suppose they are used to each other by now, and I believe she made same sort of a stipulation as to being able to invite her friends occasionally. Make your mind easy; we shall have the entrée to Wychford House whenever we desire it."

"And you have never seen either of our future hostesses ? "

"No. Julia and I are not devotedly attached to each other, and for nine months of the time she has been with the Farrells they have been travelling abroad, so I could not have gone to 'see her even had I wished to do so. Now she wants to talk over business matters, that is why .she is anxious for me to go down soon. Though she is given to lecturing and ordering me about as if I were still in jackets, she does give me •credit for a clear head for business, and actually condescends to ask my opinion on that score. As I am bound to go, I thought I might as well combine pleasure with business and spin down on my machine; then it occurred to me that you needed rousing up, and, as I am about the only person who ever succeeds in that difficult opera- tion, I determined to rout you out and get you to join me." Gilbert nodded. "You certainly are the only person I ever allow to worry me into abnormal activity; but this time I must confess your pro- gramme sounds attractive, so I'm your man!" Three days later he and Fred rode up to the Wychford Arms, which fully justified the latter'. ,description—"a pleasant country inn." "That's active:exereise enough for the present," Gilbert said as he followed his friend into the house. "That last hill was terrible. I feel "quite done up with such unwonted exertion, so while you interview .Miss Vynor I shall indulge in a pipe and a book under the trees. I am afraid your afternoon devoted to the discussion of stocks and shares will not be quite so pleasant." Fred laughed. "Business interviews with Julia are not pleasant as a rule, I must confess," he said. "She wants everything settled her own way, and gets vexed because her way usually bristles with impossibilities. But it's no use postponing the evil moment, so I will go at once and leave you to smoke in peace. I shall get back as soon as I possibly can." And, having inquired the exact whereabouts of the Farrells' house, he set forth on his errand. It was a long, •straggling village, and Wychford House, he had been told, was some little distance from the other end of it. His nearest way would be across the fields and down the lane separating the grounds of Wychford Hall. and House respectively. The weather had changed, the sun being now so powerful that he was thankful to get into the shade of the trees after the hot •walk across the open fields. "I suppose I am going right," he muttered, •doubtfully, 4but it seems the deuce of a dis- tance. Why, whatever's that? Some animal in awful pain, I should think, poor beast! but it's the eueerest noise I ever heard." He searched carefully round, but could find nothing, and the noise having ceased after a last prolonged wail. lie concluded that death had mercifully put an -end to the creature's sufferings, and was going on his way, when through an open gate he espied the figure of a girl standing beneath the spreading branches of a big hawthorn. From her attitude .and the style of her dress, she evidently flattered 'herself on resembling one of Rosetti's ideals, but she flattered herself in vain. The mouth -certainly suggested Rosetti ; but the eyes, set far :apart, were insignificant; the nose faulty, com- plexion drab-white. Her abundant hair was parted low to touch the eyebrows, and, covering the tops of the ears, was gathered in a knot, low down in the neck. It was heartless, perhaps, to disturb the entraneed rapture into which she appeared to have fallen, but the afternoon was on the wane, and he much wanted to find out if he was going in the right direction, so approach- ing to within a few yards of the motionless figure he made his inquiry. A shade of annoy- ance crossed her face at the sound of his voice; then, slowly raising her long, thin, hand she pointed up the lane. " But will you kindly tell me if it is much .:further ? " No answer.

"She can't be deaf, because she understood .the first time," he thought, repeating the ques- tion in a louder tone. Still no answer. A third attempt. _ _ _ _ _

This time the girl pointed to her mouth. "Dumb, poor thing! but there seems nobody ,else about to ask, so I had better write the question down. If the house is much further -UAW, I must nut off seeinir Julia until to-

THE SETTLER'S IDEAL HOME

Arrangements have been made with the Shaw, Savill & Albion Co., The New Zealand Shipping Co. and the, Federal Steam Navigation Co., for IF{ E XIC I) FALIztE S for 2nd and 3rd Class Passages. At . _ _

present time reduced rate passages are limited to Fart kgricultural Labourers, Shepherds, Wooa Cutters ien able to milk cows and manage live stock, who, tpproved, must take £25 with them. Domestic (Wome. 'ervants will be granted passages at the reduced rate. tbject to their taking with them not less than £2. Foi olication forms and further information apply to th( —..sh Commissioner for New Zealand, 13, Victoria Street, London, or 'the Agents in the United Kingdom of the 'above Shipping Companies.

morrow, for it will never ao to gob were Just before the dressing-gong sounds—looks so very like expecting to be asked to dinner." Scribbling a few lines on the back of an envelope he handed it and his pencil to the girl, but to his astonishment she waved him aside with an im- perious gesture, and, again ' pointing down the lane, deliberately turned her back on him. "She must be crazy," he said to himself. "Well, at any rate, this long lane must come to an end soon, so I may as well go on. His patience was soon rewarded by the sight of a house nestling amongst the trees, and before many minutes had passed his sister was greeting him with so much more than her usual cordiality that the thought crossed his mind "She wants me to do something special for her." He was not long kept in suspense. Contrary to his advice she had been induced to take shares in a company which had since given ominous signs of failure, and now wanted his opinion as to what she had better do.

"Whether I sell out out or keep in, it means my income being considerably lessened, I see that right enough," she said, drawing her dark, finely-pencilled eyebrows together in a frown of perplexity. "I frankly own I have been wrong, utterly wrong, and you 'Were perfectly right" ("She must be hard presed to own that," he thought). "But having got into the trouble, the thing is how best to get out of it. I don't want to leave here, hut on the other hand I can't stop on with a much smaller income, for I am bound to dress well, and keep up a certain position. No," as he strove to get in a few words, "I cannot borrow from you. I appreciate your kindness in making the offer, but whatever I do I won't be unjust. I have got myself into the mess, and I will get myself out of it, without dragging you into the quicksands of temporary poverty. Just run through these figures, will you, and tell me exactly how I shall stand." The result was not satisfactory, but before there was time to discuss the question in all its bear- ings they were interrupted by the arrival of tea and tea-maker—the younger Miss Farrell, Ida. She was an extremely pretty, fair-haired, lively girl of nineteen, and, though Julia evidently awaited her exit with ill-concealed impatience, Fred felt as if the sunshine had been suddenly blotted out, when, after inviting himself and his friend to join them at luncheon on the morrow, she left the room, saying that after so long an absence she was sure Miss Vynor must wish to have a long talk with her brother. "What a fascinating little being," he ex- claimed, as he watched her run down the terrace steps on to the lawn. "Oh my dear Fred, has not time cured you cl falling in love with every passably pretty face you meet ? " Julia said. Then, as if recollecting herself, she began asking him about his journey down. She laughed when he described his encounter with the damsel beneath the hawthorn. "That was Henrietta Farrell—Henriette, as she insists on calling herself. She is always picking up nesv fads, and her latest is to imagine her,,elf a second Adelina Patti. Patti never talks more than is necessary for some little time before she is going to sing, consequently Henriette, the day she intends performing at the concerts held in the village schoolroom, maintains an almost unbroken silence." "Then she is not dumb ? " "Dumb? No. There are moments when I devoutly wish she were. As you can guess from her style of dress and general appearance the fad before was the Rosetti cult. Heaven knows what lc next will be ! " "But is her voice so beautiful ? "

Julia shrugged her shapely shoulders. "I will leave you to form your own opinion, for you and Mr. Kenningham will most certainly have to put in an appearance this evening." "Will you be there ? " _ _ _

"Most -assuredly. I could not possibly let the two girls go alone. By the way, what kind of a man is Mr. Kenningham ? " "The best fellow in the world if only he wa.l not so intolerably lazy. However, as he is one of the lucky ones, born with enough to keep up a luxurious home without the trouble of working for it, his laziness does not so much matter. He is awfully tender-hearted; gets taken in right and ieft because he cannot bring himself to give pain to a soul."

"Ah! There is such a thing as being too easy- going. Why does he not and a wife to look after him ? " "I verily believe because he is too lazy to take the trouble of wooing her," replied Fred, laugh- ing. "But this is not settling your affairs," drawing the papers towards him as he spoke.

After- another half-hour spent in frying to solve the problem of restoring order to Miss Vynor's money matters he rose to go, promising to do his utmost to induce Gilbert to accompany him that evening. As he went down the avenue he met Ida coming towards the house, and stopped to ask her what time the concert began, Julia having omitted to tell him. "I am glad you are going," the girl said, frankly. "For talking is permitted during the performance of the drum and fife band, and I must confess I get heartily tired of these d:eadful evenings for the people'. Henrietta gets so excited over singing herself that she hardly notices anything else, but Miss Vynor and I find it fearfully slaw. We are bound to go, because now the Wychford Hall people are away we have to do double duty in taking an interest in local entertainments."

"Your sister is very fond of music, I suppose ? " Fred said, prolonging the interview so as to admire at his leisure the varying expression of the piquant little beauty at his side. "Ye—es," said Ida, dubiously. "She says her whole soul is/wrapped in it. I think myself that while we were abroad it is a pity she did not take some good singing lessons, but she says the only way to sing is to emit perfectly natural sounds, and that a good voice is spoilt from over cultivation. Ah, there she is! We had better -walk on a little, 'Mr. Vynor, for she greatly dislikes being spoken to on the days she is going to sing." Fred felt inclined to repeat his former verdict of "crazy," as he watched Miss Farrell moving slowly in their direction, the clinging folds of her pale yellow gown dragging limply behind her.

"She would not be bad-looking if only she were less affected," he thought. "But as she is --Heaven help lie man who has a wife like that!"

After some difficulty he induced Gilbert to sacrifice himself on the shrine of duty, and they rnached the door of the concert room just as the Fareells' carriage drove up. Ida, looking more charming than ever in evening dress, led the way to some front seats; Henriette, arrayed in a wonderful trailing garment of sage green and gold, disappearing into one of the class-rooms to await her turn to sing. "SI-43 always does that until after her first song," Ida informed him under cover of the din made by the drum and fife band which opened the proceedings. "Because it is so bad for the voice to breathe the air of a heated room. If possible she always practises out of doors. Her song is next on the programme, for she is to sing three times to-night.."

Half-way- through that first song Fred, remembering what Ida had told him about practising in the open air, began to suspect the cause of the strange sounds he had believed to be the dying agonies of some wounded animal. The final high note removed all doubt. It might be natural—it certainly was excruciating. Ida kept her eyes steadily bent on her programme, and began asking if he and Mr. Kenningham cared for golf, for the Wychford links were con- sidered excellent, and as they intended staying a week they might be glad to know of them. Fred, seeing her evident wish to avoid discussing her sister's performance, took the hint and began discussing golf with ardour. It was far too much exertion for Gilbert, but he himself was an enthusiast, and would gladly accompany Ida the following morning if she would allow him to be her companion. The next five days passed quickly, he and she constantly :together on the links, Gilbert walking and driving with Julia and Henriette.

"If you're not careful, old man," Fred said to hint th.e eveninw before her departure- "Nig.'

-ICr\PTh 4 .**l, ,-e/.. (--•••• ti _ -.-___

:ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

MIAA, ap; Sel suk app Higl

A the and ), if ten) ^s te t,

===== 0002601_19070824_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
.:-,--,.EMT ZEALANI: ''

The Examiner, Saturday, August 24, 1907.

"carrell's next fall will be—marriage.'

"What do you mean ? " murMured Gilbert, sleepily. "That she has taken a fancy to you, and is uncommonly anxious to cultivate your acquaint- ance."

"I really think you are mistaken. I have done nothing to make her imagine for one moment that I—er—admire her in the least."_

"Perhaps not; but all the same she considers that you and she have strong affinities. She told mo so herself."

"Can't say I feel that way; quite the eon- t-ary. But it does not much matter, for we leave to-morrow' and as she is evidently a damsel of many moods my image will doubtless quickly fade from her mind."

But Fate willed him to be a prisoner at the Wyehford Arms for many a day to come. That very night he slipped on the highly- polished stairs, with results that made it im- possible for him to be moved further than the sofa till the London season was nearly at its close. He took the weary time of convalescence contentedly enough, but Fred felt distinctly uneasy. True, running down to see his friend gii.ve him delightful opportunities of also seeing Ida, who always welcomed him with a cordiality that made him indeed hope that in time their friendship might ripen into a warmer feeling; but Henriette spent far less time in practising, nd frequently accompanied Miss Vynor to cheer he solitary confinement of that "Poor dear Mr. lieuningham, who bore his sufferings with the patience of an angel." When at last business called him abroad, and he could no longer play the part of watch-dog, he determined in despera- tion to confide in his sister.

"Do for goodness' sake put a stop to Miss Farrell's frequent visits," he pleaded. "Gilbert's exactly the sort of fellow to get entangled in an en,:agement. He will make himself pleasant and agreeable, and never notice that what he looks upon as mere civilities are being taken seriously. 1 hen all of a sudden he will wake up to the fact that the girl expects him to propose to her, and from .sheer want of energy to put a stop to the whole proceeding he will just drift into an unhappy marriage. Think what marriage with a girl like Miss Farwell would mean to any intelli- gent man. Help me to save Gilbert from that, Julia, or I shall never forgive myself for having bought him down here." Miss Vynor laughed. "You forget my duties as chaperon," she said. "Mr. Kenningham is clever, of good family, handsome, rich—a most eligible parti in spite of his being on the shady side of fifty. Why should I try and stop what would certainly be an excellent match for Henriette? I am by no means blind, and see clearly how matters are tending between you and Ida; yet, as you know, I have placed no obstacles in the way, though, my dear Fred, you are by no means so desirable a suitor as Mr. Kenningham, his twenty added years notwithstanding." "Then you refuse to help me ?" he said, ignor- ing the last remark. "I intend to let things take their course,' replied Miss Vynor. "And that reminds me, I promised to escort Henriette to your friend'e this afternoon. She has nromised to while away the weary hours by singing to the accompaniment of her guitar." "The last straw!" ejaculated Fred. "The singing when somebody else plays is bad enough; when she plays herself it must be agonising. And I did want some golf to-day; still, I feel tt my duty to support Gilbert as long as I can, so I will endure the torture manfully. Cut it as short as you can, Julia." "You may be sure I will, for my own sake," returned his sister, drily. Fred employed the interval which elapsed before the torture commenced by urging his friend to firmly withstand the wiles of the fair Henriette. Gilbert seemed languidly amused. "Barring the voice she is not so bad," he said. "She has read a good deal in a desultory fashion, travelled, is used to society. Of course, she is spoilt by being so affected; but, shut up as I am here, even that makes a change. I am always wondering what will be the mkt fad." "You for a husband, if you don't look out," began Fred, impatiently, but broke off as Miss Vynor and her charges came in. Fred brightened visibly at the sight of Ida, whom he promptly ensconced by the window as far as possible away from the high-backed chair Henriette selected for herself. It did not add to his peace of mind to see that Miss Farrell, in her trailing, terra- cotta colour robe looked picturesque, almost pretty, as she adjusted her guitar and began to play. It also disturbed him to find that her playing was fairly good. Gilbert, under pretext of wishing to take a lesson, delayed the songs as long as possible, a manceuvre which greatly edified Miss Vynor. Fred, watching his apparent interest as the girl leant over his couch shewing him how to manage the instrument, wished from the bottom of his heart that business did not call him away on the morrow. "It will be a settled thing by the time I get back," he said to himself, and the idea haunted him through the two or three songs which followed the guitar lesson. "Poor old Gilbert, that row would drive him crazy," he thought, as the shrill voice rasped out an Italian song with many runs and trills.- "He wouldn't have the strength of mind to forbid her to sing, for he hates scenes, and she is as obstinate as a mule; she wouldn't give up her own way for anything, I know that from the life she leads Ida, poor darling. If only I could make Gilbert under- stand! "

During the time he was compelled to spend abroad he wrote regularly to his friend making anxious inquiries as to the progress of affairs, and it disquieted him not a little to find that his questions were carefully ignored. The moment he was free he hurried down to Wychford, where Gilbert was still a prisoner, though considerably better. The first person he saw on leaving the station was his sister.

"I thought you would come by this train," she said. "And as I rather wanted to speak to you before you met Mr. Kenningham I came to greet you. He did not want to write the news, but a few days ago he was engaged to be married." Fred groaned. "Poor Gilbert—l pity him from my heart! He is worthy of a better. fate," he said, despondingly. "It's all my fault; it was I who induced him to come in the first instance. Married—and to such a woman!"

"You are not very complimentary to me, dear," Julia said, with a little laugh. " You ? What have you got to do with it ? " "A good deal, considering I am going to marry him."

Fred stared at her blankly. "But I thought--" he began: "That Gilbert was Henriette's latest fad—that, in short, she shewed herself by no means averse to becoming his partner for life. He was an interlude. She has picked up a German pro- fessor since, old enough and ugly enough to make him a perfectly safe pastime. He flatters her to the top of her bent; says her voice is 'Perfectly bea-u-ti-ful ' (I wonder the barefaced lie does not choke him), but sadly needs cultivation. She implicitly believes him, and as he comes down four times a week from town to superintend the process of cultivation, you can see that he has his eyes wide open to the main chance, and will not easily let his pupil escape him. Ida needs consolation (which doubtless you can administer), for the practising goes on more vigorously than ever. I don't think you need pity Gilbert, for I have a strong idea he and I will get on well together. I shall take all trouble off his hands, and, as he says, it really is about time he had someone to look after him."

"But why on earth did you not give me a hint as to the true state of affairs, instead of letting me worry my life out like this ? " "Gilbert said he wanted to take you by surprise. As for me, you could hardly expect me to say anything until he had actually proposed; and that was so short a time ago that we both agreed it would be better to wait and tell you instead of writing. I fancy Henriette was quicker witted than you, and it was when she began to suspect something that she took up with the professor •—out of pique. When we are married—which, by the way, will be soon—l shall make a point of trying to find her a suitable husband; if he is a little deaf it will be so much the better. Mean- while she will be perfectly content to pose na a would-be Patti."

(THE Exp.]

Charge Against South Lancashire Privates.

The two —privates of the 2nd South Lancashire Regi- ment, Joseph Brennan and Thomas Fahey, were com- mitted for trial from Camberley on Tuesday on a charge of causing the death of Frank Devlin, a reservist of the regiment. Devlin was found drowned in the river Blackwater with severe injuries about the body, on August, 3rd, th 3 day on which he was leaving the barracks to take train for Ireland. —A heavy wooden pole was produced in court, and it was alleged that with this instrument Devlin was rolled into the river and held under the water until he was dead.

And then, Sir, he asks me what proof I haye that 3 j out of 4 Trades Unionists are Liberals or Tories, and mentions Jarrow and Collie Valley bye-elections, asking what belter examples can we have than these? Well let us take Colne Valley, as I know this constitu- ency fairly well. I unhesitatingly say it is almost entirely a workingclass one; what does the election teach? it is quite true the Socialist won,but the figures were so close, that they more than prove my contention that 3 out of 4 Trades Unionist are Liberals. and Tories, because out of the total that went to the poll only lout of 3 were Socialists. Then again about the effectiveness of the work of Mr. Vivian and Mr. Maddison in the recent bye elec- tions. This is on a par with much of the Socialist twaddle we hear. I think it would be more fair and manly to take men's whole life's work than to judge from one or two instances. That is the policy of a

POLITICIAN. SOCIALISM AND THE TEACHINGS OF CHRIST.

• A few weeks ago, Mr. Charles E. Parker replied through the correspondence columns of the 1" Examiner " to some of my observations and ques- tioned or contradicted most of my findings. Since then until now I have not had time to reply. Mr. Parker is a man of parts. He is (or was) the President of the Warrington Liberal Associaticn and i the President of the Free Church Council. He is! therefore an opponent of some calibre; and to discuss I Politics and Religion with such an one, I contemplate with mingled feelings of pleasure arid awe. But it is not altogether on account of his personal ability and character that I want to cross swords with him. He represents a certain class of thought and disposition; and it is obvious that in meeting him I am confronted also by a large following of individuals who think as he thinks. In the first place, I ought to refresh the minds of my readers as to what the controversy is all about. It will be remembered that in writing a few weeks ago I mentioned the parable of the labourer in the vineyard and tried to show that each man gave accord- ing to his ability and received according to his needs. I used that as evidence that such a doctrine was intended to be taught by Christ. Mr. Parker denied the truth of my interpretation. Each man did not so receive, he said ; the need of each man differs accord- ing to the capacity of his stomach, his brain, the number of his family, &c. He also accused me oinot going to the Scriptures for guidance in the search of truth, but to support some belief I have already adopted. Incidentally, however, I did go to the , 'Scriptures in the search of truth and what is still more surprising I found support to my belief in Socialism. Mr. Parker claims that a man should have the fruit of his labour, the whole fruit, and nothing but the fruit. Socialism claims that each man should give according to his ability and should receive accord- to his needs. The former is a Pagan ideal, Tho latter a Christian. I will explain briefly what I mean. Paganism, we are told, not merely tolerated, but believed in and approved of inequality. It believed also in wealth ; it believed in power ; it believed in war. But all these were repudiated by Christianity. The true Christian is a man who should own nothing; who should turn the other cheek if he were smitten; and offer also his coat, if he were robbed of his cloak. And, so far were early Christians from imagining that those were mere counsels of perfection, that institutions were created and orders founded for putting them into literal practice. The first Christians, when their Church was settled in Jerusalem, lived as Communists. (Communism is an advanced form of Socialism.) We are told in the fourth Chapter of Acts :—" And the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and soul : and not one of them said that aught of the the things which he possessed was his own; but they had all things common. And great grace was, upon them all. For neither was there among them any that lacked; for as many as were possessors of land or houses sold them, and brought the prices of the things that were sold, and laid them at the apostles' feet ; and distribution was blade unto each according as any one had need." From each according to his ability, to each according to his need ! "Not looking each of you to his own things, but each of you also to the things of others." Under the present competitive system, under the system advocated by Mr. Parker, the labourers in the vineyard would have been -paid differently. The "householder," governed by the law of competition, would have given them so much an hour irrespective of their needs. And it may have happened that the man who was engaged last (and who worked 1-mst) had the biggest stomach, most brains, and largest family ; in fact most needs. . Was he to go away hungry, and his family to be neglected, simply because he was not °ire of the first to be selected? There were some who grumbled saying : These last have wrought but one hour, and thou hast made them equal unto us. They believed that they should have received the fruit of their labour, the whole fruit, and nothing but the fruit and because the needs of the others were also con- sidered they kicked against it. They forgot, evidently, the prayer—Give us this day our daily bread— "necessities for all, but harmful luxuries for no one It was not sa much the fact that they were paid a penny that troubled them : it was the thought of the r. others receiving the same. It was the inherent selfish- ness of the individual crying out. His`purpose was to inculcate a-truer, higher, form of human life, that the policy of everyone for himself is not noble and moral • that they should eat to live, and not live to eat, that man should desire not his own well-being alone but equality of well-being. A new scale of values was set up against the old. The Pagan doctrine gave way to the Christian. Everyone will remember the famous anecdote related of Lord Melbourne, how after listening tt, an eloquent but all too practical sermon, he came out of church remarking : "No one has a greater respect than myself for the Church of England. But to bring religion into daily life, is to go a damned sight too . far !" We have it on the authority of a local reverend gentleman that : "On the Stock -Exchange the Jew could discern no difference between the professing Christian and himself in a readiness to take an unfair advantage of another." And what is the reason for such a state of things ? Mr. Parker wants to know whether I would tell him how Socialism, not as a vague ideal merely, but as a definite constructive policy, harmonises with the teachings of Christ. Jesus Christ came into the world and taught, after.. thirty years of preparation, a new type of Divine Human Society : The Kiegdom of Heaven is at hand." The creating of a new society, a new common- wealth of the soul, with new duties, new privileges, and new powers. Man was to give only such attention to secular matters as shall suffice to keep him in life. Seek ye first the Kingdom of God, and his righteous- ness ; and clothing, food and drink shall be added _unto you. Thy Kingdom come, Thy will be done, in earth as in heaven. Ruskin says: When you pray 'Thy Kingdom come,' you either want it to come or you don't. If you don't, you should not pray for it. If you do, you must do more than pray for it —you must live for it, and labour for. the Kingdom of God. , Socialism aims at an Industrial Commonwealth founded upon the Socialism of Land and Capital. The programme of the Independent Labour Party reads thus: The true object of industry being the produc- tion of the requirements of life, the responsibility should rest with the community ccllectively, therefore: The land being the storehouse of all the necessaries of life, should be declared and treated as public property. The capital necessary for industrial operations should be owned and used collectively. Work, and wealth resulting therefrom, should be equitably distributed over the population. As a means to that end it adxocates a maximum a4B hours working week. The provision of work to all capable adult applicants. State pensions for every person over 50 sears of age and adequate provision for all widows, orphans, sick or disabled workers. Free education. The raising of the age of child labour, &c. I should like to ask Mr. Parker whether he thinks there is anything un-Christian in the programme of the 1.L.P., which is a Socialist organization. Place it side by side with the programme of the Liberal party and the Tory party and then let Mr. Parker , judge for himself and tell us which of them I harmonises most with the teachings of Christ. I shall then have something further to say. How is it that the equalising spirit,of Christianity has effected so little in removing the prejudices of employment? And why is it that difference of employment is considered ground enough for men to erect distinction upon? and why are there 12 millions who are living on the verge of starvation? Is there any brotherly love and a helping hand; any care for the weak, the infirm, the old; any Christianity in the• claim that a man'should get the fruit of his labour, the whole fruit, and nothing but the fruit? I hope I am not uncharit ible, but for the life of me I cannot see it. Perhaps Mr. Parker will explain. How much healthier would be the action of the heart, if its life-blood instead of stagnating in its meanest dohs, should, by that great Christian teaching, Love thy neighbour as thyself, be pulsed forth in working each for all and all for each. JOHN WORKMAN.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VOICE OF LABOUR.

Edited by John Workman.

Readers of this column are invited to assist in making it interesting and helpful to social workers by contributing themselves. Correspondents must write on one side of the paper only, and endeavour to make their letters and notes short and to the point. A nom-de-plume may be used, but the real name of the writer should be forwarded in confidence to the Editor of the column. M.S.S. must be addressed to John Workman, " Examiner " Office, Warrington and should be sent in not later than Wednesday in each, week. THE TRUE SOCIALIST POLICY.

Sir, —Your contributor "Socialist Trades Unionist" in "The Voice of Labour" column of Saturday last unjustifiably exaggerates the political influence wielded by that Socialist organisation known as "The Independent Labour Party" and b:Astfully asserts that "we " (meaning the 1.L.P.) "are seeking the destruction of the Liberal party and we (Oh mighty 1.L.P.) aim at the destruction of the Tory party as well."

In the first place, sir, let me make my position quite clear. I have been for over ten years a convinced Socialist and (incidentally) am also a member of a Trades Union. I firmly believe that a complete re-organisation of our industry and commerce coupled with the socialism of the means of life will alone efficiently solve the Complex unemployed problem or actually remove from our midst the great evils of poverty, destitution, overcrowding, and the various other social diseases from. which, alas, we (as a community) so acutely suffer at present. Let me °here point out to your corre.spondent that these drastic reforms cannot possibly be satisfactorily secured, until they receive the intelligent enthusiastic and continuous support of (at least) a large majority of the electorate of this country. The Liberal and Tory parties (who have jointly received nine-tenths of the recorded votes at recent contested elections),are both opposed to Socialism and officially advocate a continuation of the existing wages system! likewise the Trade Unionist organisations are mainly composed of Liberals and Tories, and there- fore Anti-Socialists.

Still in spite of these facts we read that the I.L.P. are seeking the destruction of both the Liberal and Tory parties, but (according to our local authority) are also desirous of a political alliance with the Trade Unionists (Tories as well as Liberals). I humbly suggest that political experience has certainly proved that these compacts do not necessarily further the true interests of the Socialist movement. Has your correspondent read the recent writings on this subject by such prominent Socialists as Robert Blatchford, Bernard Shaw and Alfred Russell Wallace or is he conversant with the expressed opinion (on this point) of the Father of English Socialism, H. M. Hyndman.

Personally I am not ashamed of my faith and strongly object to subvert my Socialism for the pur- pose of securing the tardy financial support of any Liberal or Tory Trade Unionist. I shall therefore continue to openly and fearlessly propagate those principles, the political application of which will, I believe, enrich, elevate and ennoble human life and ultimately destroy the brutalising influences of com- mercialism, jingoism and wage-slavery.—Yours, etc., COMMONSENSE.

P.S. —By the way, will your correspondent please explain why he thinks "The Independent Labour Party "a suitable title for a Socialist organisation.

THE ASSURANCE OF THE WORKING MAN.

Labour in these days is becoming quite respectable and is patronized in such exalted quarters that even Fan extract from the lordly " Times " newspaper becomes quite appropriate in this column. The subject matter of the extract is a certain insur- ance company, which shall be nameless, as I am quite I sure the Editor of the " Examiner " does not believe in free advertisements. The extract reads as follows: 1—" The history of this concern was very remarkable as it showed what vast sums were drawn from the pockets of those who were the least able to bear them. It had been said that the question with the working classes was not so much, how to invest their savings as how to get money to save, but the figures about to be quoted would show that the working classes were I deeply interested in the question as to what would be the best mode of investing their savings. About 60 years ago the Company started with £2,500 capital. A few years ago the nominal capital was increased to £2oo,oooby bonuses paid to shareholders re-invested in new shares, it being said that it looked better to pay 5 per cent. on £200,000 nominal capital than 100 per cent. on £lO,OOO nominal capital." Thus far the "Times." The moral follows later,but one may pause a while to interjeet the query: Is it likely capitalists will leave the country where the Funearned increment multiplied their capital a hundred fold and if they did leave would not their exodus be followed by a deuteronomy and a leviticus of laws against their return? The superior jove-like " Man- chester Guardian" also is of service to us in this instance for it quotes Sir Herbert Maxwell as follows : "It may be interesting to menticm some facts in the history of the largest and most powerful of these institutions (Insurance) in order to show you what immense fortunes the working men of this country are willing to allow clever persons to make out of their savings—by perfectly fair means, understand. (Yes, Sir Herbert, we are beginning to under- stand.) The Company was started a little more than 60 years ago with a capital of £lO,OOO, of which £2,500 was paid up, but the profits grew steadily till they amounted to about 100 times the nominal capital, when the capital was raised by Act of Parliament to £200,000, the property of a small body of share- holders. In addition £500,000 as divided amongst the shareholders as bonuses in 1891. , It would appear from this statement that a share- holder contributing £25 to the original capital of the Company would receive no less a sum than £5,100 in dividends and bonuses in 1891." The readers at the " Voice " will now better understand what is meant by the term, "the Law 4nd the Profits." The yearly income of this Company from industrial classes of insurance cost the Company about 40 per cent. in expenses and commission, so that out of every is. paid by a workman to make some little temporary: provision for his wife and family, nearly sd. goes in expenses. Yet the Company pays claims promptly and makes a fine handsome profit for the shareholders. The collectors and rank and file don't seem to be millionaires.

The original £2,500 capital designed to meet claims is an infinitesimal safeguard in view of the immense number of policies, and moreover the capital has been repaid to the shareholders a thousand times over. The guarantee of payment of claims when due is not the capital of the Company but the accumulated funds, which consists of premiums paid by the work- ing classes, and interest on same earned by the working classes. Those funds are an exampje of what can be done, even under a competitive system, by cl-oreration indirectly exercised for mutual safeguard. After repaying capital many times over, after paying generous expenses. of management and rent of ability, after paying claims presented there remains a sum of ,£23,000.000 as security against future needs, in one industrial assurance company alone. Those funds are a monument to the thrift, self-denial, patience, and stupidity, of the working classes of this realm. Insurance companies fill an important office in human economy and I say nothing against a scheme so necessary under present conditions; but I do want the yworking class to have a little more assurance so that they may realise their power and importance even in financial matters. And perhaps, who knows, it may eventually dawn upon them that it. would be as well to secure the profits by obtaining co-operative owner- ship and collective control of funds they themselves provide. Space forbids more just now, but like my namesake I will return from temporary retirement in due time, and revive the subject. LAZARUS. TRADES UNIONS AND SOCIALISM.

Sir, —"Socialist Tkades Unionist" scoffs at my remarks about him being a young man in a hurry, but admits one very important fact, viz., that Socialists have in the past and will more in the future attack the political beliefs of the trade unionists, which is tantamount to saying that if the Socialists can have their own way the trades unions will cease to be trades unions in the strict and old sense of the word, and become societies of a purely particular character which must of a necessity be Socialistic. • ' Now, Sir,your correspondent says I must be lacking in my knowledge of Trades Unionism simply, I pre- sume, because I uphold men who have been for • a great number of years and are to-day prominent ia all matters affecting the welfare of the organised workers; but compare these men's Works with some of the hair brained schemes of tbo Socialists. One of them had the audacity at the last meeting of the Warrington Town Council to propose that the Corporation should buy and sell coal and so save (?) a sum of 4s. per ton. Well, sir, it is the first time, that I have ever heard of a Town Council which could sell anything cheaper than private enterprise can, unless they hold a monopoly or otherwise subsidise it out of the rates.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
MY DEAR

Very many thanks to you all for your kind letters to me. I think -it very good indeed of you to trouble to write when you want perhaps to be out and about in the sunshine. Perhaps some of you did not see the announce- ment of the new Competition in last week's paper. I thought that many of you would he able to send me a short account of your holiday, so this Competition starts on August 20th, and will be open for a fortnight. Six nice boxes of Fry's Chocolate will be awarded for the six best accounts received. Mirrors are sent this week to Nellie Been and Evelyn France. Don't forget the picture post- cards of your holiday haunts. Yours, with love, UNCLE NED.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
--#_- ME AND KITTY.

We're twins, me and Kitty. I'm the other one—Tommy. I'm five years old to-morrow, and Kitty's just as old as me, only Kitty's a girl.

- To-morrow's my birthday and Kitty's too; we've both got the same one. We always get presents, mamma says. I don't remenarier, for I haven't had a great many birthdays, or Kitty hasn't, either. Me and Kitty wanted to give presents to us, too. I mean Kitty wanted to give me a present and I wanted to give Kitty a present. We asked mamma to give me half-a-sovereign and Kitty half-a-sovereign. She said she thought she'd rather give me half-a-crown and Kitty half-a- crown. She showed us the half-a-crown, and we said yes.elt's lots of •money. I know it's more than half-a-sovereign. Mamma let us go down town. I mean she let me take Kitty down town, for Kitty's a girl, and I always take care of her. Mamma said we ought not to go together, for then I'd know what Kitty bought, and Kitty'd know what I bought. But we said we wouldn't look, for we wanted to be s'prised. We never had such a pile of money before. I said to Kitty what did she think was a nice present/ and she said, Oh, a big doll, with really hair and sure-enough eyes, and a pink dress and button boots and things. And I said I thought the nicest thing was a great big horse that would go. When we came to the store I told Kitty not to look, and I went to buy a. doll. There was a splendid one, I tell you, and I told the man to put a piece of paper on it. Then I gave him all my money, and told him I wanted a little of it back to buy candy and nuts and things. But he said the doll would cost more than all my half-crown. Then I told him I'd buy a set of doll's china dishes, but he said they would cost more, too. _

They had a lot of peanuts there. I like peanuts, 190 I told him I'd buy some peanuts for my half-crown. It was an awful lot pf peanuts. Kitty likes peanuts, too. Then I went where Kitty was. She had two things with paper on. I told her I wouldn't know what they were for anything; it's only girls that want to know everything, but I wanted to feel which they IA ere, hard or soft. But Kitty was real mean, and wouldn't let me. Then I asked her were they red or blue, or green or white, and she wouldn't tell me.

But when we were going home Kitty said she'd show me, the least little bit. She did. It was streaky red. It was candy. Then. I said wouldn't she give me a bite? And she said yes, if I'd take just a little bite. And she held the paper up a little and put her finger where I was to bite, just so far. Then I took a bite, but I guess I tried to bite bigger. I guess I bit Kitty's finger, for she jumped, and I was leaning over to get a, big bite, and somehow I tumbled over, and you ought to have seen. the peanuts spill! There were peanuts in the street, and peanuts in the gutter, and peanuts all over the side-walk. And when I tumbled I tumbled over Kitty, and she tumbled over, too. And the streaky red thing was broke to smash, and it was a candy cane. And the other thing went out in the street, and a baker's cart was coining, and it ran over the thing, and Kitty cried. Girls always cry. Then the baker's boy he picked it uP, and he was sorry, and he said it was good yet, and he'd fix it, and he gave me a big cake and Kitty a big cake. It was a tin horse, and it laad wheels and a boy and a tail on it, and it wasn't good yet, for the tail was off and the wheels wobbled.

Me and Kitty ate up the candy cane. Then we picked up some of the peanuts, but we got awfully tired, and we sat down on some steps and ate some peanuts. Then we ate up the cakes. Then we ate some more peanuts. Then there were only a few left, and we ate up all the peanuts. Then we took the string the man tied round the peanuts and/ tied it on the tin horse to draw him home.

N. DOYLE

The centre of gravity: the lowest button on a Quaker's vest.

A teacher asked: "What bird is large enough to carry off a man ?" Nobody knew; but one little girl suggested "a lark." And then she ex- plained: "Mamma said papa wouldn't be home until Saturday, because he had gone off on a lark."

"Waiter, this bit of turbot is not so good as that you gave us last Sunday." Waiter: "Beg pardon, sir; it's off the very same fish."

"In the sentence, 'John strikes William,'' remarked a school-teacher, "what is the object of strikes?" "Higher wages and less work," promptly replied the intelligent youth.

"What does that look liket" asked Farmer 8., bolding out his brawny hand. "That," replied his friend, "looks as though you were out of soap." ;

"Tea is poison," said an old woman to Dr. Johnson. "Madam, it may be poison, but I have been seventy years dying of it," he re- Wed, draining his sixth evening cup.

. - . -• 7 ~ V !-''''. '4: - .I. .. . . ',,,,11,•••'' , .. • .. .. .. 4i • . . .. , ' ' • , . 1

" An excellent Food. admirably adapted to the wants of infants and young persons." —SIR CHARLES A. CAMERON, C. 8., M.D., Pr,ifessor of Chemistry, R.C.5.1., Medical Officer of Health for Dublin,

PURVEYORS EY SPECIAL APPOINTMENT TO 11.1. M. THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA

- Poor Mollie was an orphan, lane-C • o earn enough money to buy food, and to pay for her night's lodging, she went out every day to sell flowers in the London streets, Her bright smile and cheerful voice as she addressed the passers by attracted a great many people to buy her flowers, but even then Molly found it difficult to make the small sum she needed for her daily food and shelter. But there was one day in the week when she always felt sure of emptying her basket, and, often, of having an extra penny or two. That was the visiting day at the great hospital near which she usually stood, when many of the visitors were induced to take a bunch of fresh, sweet-scented flowers to the invalids they were going to see. It was on one of these visiting days that a small boy, looking very forlorn and neglected, stopped before Mollie's basket of roses and gazed at them wist- fully. Then he held out a halfpenny very timidly. "Please, will you give me a ha'porth of them for mother in the hospital?" he said, The girl who stood next to Mollie laughed rather scornfully. "Why, kiddie, those roses cost twopence apiece in the market!" The boy's face fell, and he was about to move on, when Molly stoppel him. "Here you are," she said, with a bright smile, as she thrust into his hand a bunch of the sweet, red roses. "There, run along with them to mother," she said, and the astonished child obeyed very happily. "Whatever did you de that for?" asked Mollie's companion. "You could have sold them for at least a shilling!" But Mollie only laughed cheerfully, as she re-arranged the rest of her flowers. I think, though, that One who sees every kind action would say: "Inas- much as ye have done it unto the least of these.- EVELYN FRANCE. THE CHATTERBOX. the sight of this young maiden. hall I tell you why All wise folk who chance to meet her Hastily would fly? Chitter-chathr, pitter-patter, Like the pelting rain; When you think that she has finished Off she goes again. All day long her tongue is wagging, And if you peep In her room at night you would find her, Talking in her sleep. Every thought of passing fancy Flitting through her brain, Out it comes like pouring wafer, Nothing can restrain. Should you have some news to publish, There's one simple way, • Tell her—all the house will know it In a single day. True or false, or wise or foolish, Tale of joy or woe, Sets her tongue in ceaseless action— Always on the go. If there is no human being ' Near to hear her chat, She will talk to any creature— Bird, or deg, or cat. In the Book where wisest counsels We are bid to seek, We learn there is a time for silence, And a time to speak. If the maid had only folowed What the wise man said, Then no more, to escape her clatter, All her friends had fled. Cackling hens and gobbling turkeys, Geese, and crowing cocks, Scarcely mike a greater hub-bub- Than this Chatterbox. Ghitter-chatter, pitter-patter, Like the pelting rain; When you trust that she has finished, Off she goes again! REGINALD 'WARBURTON. GIRLS' NAMES.

Mary, the commonest of all names given to woman, is yet one of the sweetest. Byron assures us that he had an absolute passion for it. It signifies " exalted "; Maria and Marie— the latter French—are only other forms for Mary, and have the same meaning. Martha signifies "bitterness." Anne, Anna, Hannah, and probably Nancy, are from the same • source, and signify "kind," or "gracious." Ellen was originally Helen, the Lai in being Helena, and the French Helene—the meaning being, accord- ing to some, "alluring," and according to others, "one who pities.", Jane signifies the same as Sarah, or Sally, "a princess, and the morning star." Susan, "a lily"; Rebecca, " plump "; Lucy, "brightness of aspect"; Louisa or Louise, "one who protects"; Frances, or Fanny, "frank or free"; Catharine, "pure or chaste"; Caroline and Charlotte, "queens"; Sophia, " wisdom "; Emma, " tender "; Mar- garet, "a pearl or a daisy"; Elizabeth and Eliza, " true "; Julia, Juliette, and Julietta, " soft-haired "; Agnes, " chaste " ;, Amelia and Amy, " beloved "; Clara, "clear or bright"; Eleanor, "all faithful "; Gertrude, "all truth"; Graze, " favour " ; Laura, "a laurel "; Matilda, "a noble or brave maid"; Phoebe, "light of life"; Amanda, " amiable "; Isabel, "true and lovely"; Pauline, "little one"; Olive, "peace"; Edith, "happy."

If you desire to enjoy life, avoid unpunctual persons; they impede business and, poison pleature. Make it your own rule not only to be punctual, but a little beforehand. Such a habit secures a composure which is essential to happiness. For want of it many persons live in a constant fever, and put all about them in a fever too.

A Jeisey man lost an axe more than twenty years ago, which he has just found under his bed. His life hasn't been made unhappy by house-cleaning.

A minister once asked a condemned criminal in a Paris jail, "What kind of a conscience have you?" "It's as good as new," re.plied the prisoner, "for I have never used it."

===== 0002601_19070824_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
200 YEARS A SECRET.

GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES.

For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has been kept in one Family. Its curative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS, CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TROUBLES.

It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has guickly cured, even when doctors have despaired. Froe for 14 stamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, , - • • •

===== 0002601_19070824_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

AUGUST. FRONI W.kaRINGTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 14, 7 40, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 5, 1 10. 2 55, a 3 35, 5 16, 5 50, 725 p.m. Sunday, 10 15 a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 11,8 35, a 9 58,10 13 bll 20, bll 42, all 55, a.m. 2 41,4 39,6 28, 8 37, 98, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 60, p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 22,5 30, 11,3 35,10 I B.bll 20,11 42, 11 55 a.m. 1 15,2 41,4 39, 6 28, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. b Saturdays only. Chester-7.34,8 17,8 59,9 5, 10 23,11 30 a.m. 12 30, 255, 1 30,1 40, 230,3 19, 4 22, 5 6, 6 4, 6 48,7 54,8 5, /0 18, 11 35 p.m. Sundays-8 44, 10 45 a.m. 745 11 35 p.m. Collins Green 7 5. 85, 8 25, 10 10, 10 55 a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 5 15, 6 37, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 pan. Daresbury-7 31, 9 sa.m. 12 30, 230,3 19, 56, 64, 85,10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Ellll-7 36, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 64,7 44 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 745 p.m. . Earlestown-5 30, 75, 8 5, 8 25, 8 35, 9 19, 10 14,10 55, 11 rk a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45, 3 45,3 50, 515, 637, 7 8, 7 40, 9 25, 10 23, 10 30. all 30 p.m. a .‘.4aturdays only. Sundays 7 46, 8 35, 843 a.m. 510,6 0, 7 57, 9 54 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 80, 10 0 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. Frodsharn-7 31. 95,10 23 10 30, a.m. 12 30 2 30, 3 19.4 22, 5 6, 6 4,7 54,8 5, 10 20,a1l 35 p.m.Sundays, 844 a.m. 745 p.m. a sets down if required. Golborne-5 30, 75, 85, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 3 50, 5 15, 7 20, 10 23 pa. Sundays 843 a.m. 60 p.m. Helsby-7 36, 95, 11 31 a.m. 12 30, 2 30, 3 19, 56, 64, 7 44, 10 20 p.m. Sundays 844 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam,Cadishead-7 0,7 50 88, 9 3 a.m. 22, 4 58, 710, 9 15. all 50 p.m. Srindays 8 45, 10 18, 11 32 a.m. 3 15, 50, 7 18, 935 p.m. a Saturdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 1233, 111, 220, 335, 49, 515, 610, 725, a 8 30,9 25 p.m. Sup days 6 30,8 46 a.m.35,8 10 p.m. a Arpley Station on Saturday only. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-a4 40,5 35,7 5,7 54,8 2,d8 33,8 50, 9 12, 9 20,14 50,10 35, 10 50, 11 50 am. 12 0,12 50,1 10, bl 13,1 50,2 7, 2 50, 3 13,3 50, 3 56,4 5,4 10, 4 50, 5 2, 5 50,5 57, 627, 6 50, 7 5, 7 50,8 0,8 50,8 55,9 40, 10 11, 1040, blO 42, bll 15,11 38, 11 -17 p.m. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted, dMondays and Saturdays only. Sundays 4 40,5 35,9 0, 9 45, 9 55,11 20 a.m. 2 20, 2 39, 4 46, 6 22, 7 10, 8 28, 9 18, 1020, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. & N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 25, 7 11, 7 27, 8 23, 9 19, 10 9, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 12 25, 1 55, 2 45, 3 20, 3 45, 3 47, 5 15, 6 20. 7 8, 7 40, 80, 9 25, 10 0, 10 30, cll 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. cSaturdays only.Sundays,4 51,5 20, 8 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 28, 5 10, 60,8 0, 10 8 p.m. Lymm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 8 59, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, aB3O, 9 25, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from Arpley. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 8 10, bll 40 p.m. b stops when required. Manchester (L. and N.-Wl-2 55, a 4 45, b 4 56, 530, b 7 11, 85, 823, 8 46, 9 19, .10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 19.1 15,2 12,2 32, 2 45, 318,3 31,3 50,4 26,5 10,5 15, 5 53,6 33,7 20,8 6, c 8 43, 9 22.d9 40, 10 30p.m.Sundays 255,4 56,7 55 a.m. 5 15, 6 0,7 57,9 3 p.m. a Mondays only. b Mondays excepted. c Saturdays only. dMondays and Saturdays only. Manchester (C.L.C.)-6 40, 6 55, 7 57, 8 8, 8 55, 93, 9 55, 10 55 11 22, 11 55 a.m. 12 55, 1 55, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55', 4 58, 5 55, 6 55, 7 10, 7 55, 8 22, 8 55, 9 15, 9 55, blO 2, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sunday; 8 45, 9 32, 10 18, 11 22 a.m 30, 3 15, 456, 5 718, 853, 9 15,9 25, 9 30, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40, 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 5, 1 10, 255, a 3 35 5 50, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 55, b 4 45,5 30, 7 5,8 5,8 35, 9 19,9 25,10 10,10 40.10 55, 11 55. a.m. 1218,12 25, 1 15, 1 50, 2 45, 3 31. 3 50, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 22, 10 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 56, 7 46, 8 43, a.m. 3 35, 5 15, 60, 7 57, 9 54, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Moniays only. Padgate-7 0, 7 12, 7 45, 8 8, 8 35, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 1218. 141, 355, 458, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 35, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 8 45, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 25 p.m. Runcorn-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. • 1 55, 320,347, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0, 10 0 pm. Sankey-7 5, 82,95,100,115 a.m. 120, bl 0, al 8,2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 26, 75,8 0. 90, blO 0, alO 42, 11.39 p.m. Sundays, 90, 11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97. p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturdays excepted. Sankey Bridges-7 30, 8 23, 9 45, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 5 15, 6 17, 8 0 p.m. Sundays, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 8 0 p.m. St. Helens (L. & N.-W.)-7.5, 8.25,10.10, 10.55, 11.53, a.m. 12.25, 1.55,2.45, 3.20,3.45, 5.15, 6.37, 7.8, 7.40, 8.0, 9.25, 10.0, 10.30, a 11.30, p.m. Sundays, 8.35, 9.5, a.m. 2.40, 6.0, 8.0, 9.54, p.m. a Saturdays only. Southport C.L.C.-7.5.8 35 n 9.36, 10.25, 11.2, 12 0 • a.m.1.27, 3.18, 4 10,5 2,b6.20,6' 30, 7.40, 8 0, 9.10,10.40, p.m. Sundays, 9.35, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMoodays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. ,Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, S 59, 9 55, 10 53; a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 2 20, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, a 8 30, 925 p.m. Sundays 846 a.m. 35, 810 p.m. a Saturdays only- Arpley Station. Wigan (L. and N.-W.)-5 22, 5 30,7 5, 8 35, 9 58, 10 55, 11 42 11 55 a.m. 115, 150, 350, 446, 515, 6 28, 7 20, 8' 37, 98,10 23 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 3 35, 6 0, 9 54 p.m. Widnes (C.L.C.)-7 5, 95, 10 11 5 a.m. 12 0, al 0, bl 13. 2 15, 3 23, 4 10, 5 28, 6 26, 75, 8 0, 9 0, alO o,blo 37 p.m. a Saturdays excentecl, h Saturdays only. Sundays 90,9 35 ri.m. 2 39, 918 p.m.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 41,7 20, 8 54, 10 57 a m. 12 19, a 3 0,3 55, 4 30,7 20,8 40,Sundays 7 59 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L & N.-W.)-8 0, 8 25, 9 100.0 2,10 20, 11 50, 1 17, 2 52, 4 55, 6 48, 7 30. 8 15, b 9 10, 10 5, blO 25 p.m. Sundays 7 5 a.m. 1 55, 4 50, 8 20, 10 15 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. c Thursdays only. Blackpool (L. SG N.-W. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 40, 10 15,11 30,11 37 a..m.1 37,310,3 28, 4 27,5 20,7 0, 8 45, 10 0,1050 p.m. Sundays 7 25 a.m. 1 37,5 8, 7 45 p.m. Chester-2 25, 134 20, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 1 35, 2 0, 2 10,3 0, 3 50, 5 15, 5 23,6 30, 735,8 10,8 50 a910,c10 0 p.m.Sundays 225,4 20,6 40, 7 15 a.m. 6 55, 8 35 p.m. 1) Nlondays excepted. a Mondays and Saturdays only. c Saturdays only. Collins Green-6 40, 79, 845, 1024, 11 23 a.m. 12 45, 2 10, 3 5, 4 1, 5 38, 6 42, 7 47, 9 6, alo 43, 10 58 p.m. Sundays S 10 a.m. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. Daresbury-8 11, 10 17,11 18 a.m.2 49, 6 2,7 11,8 43 p.m. Sundays 7 26 a.m. 7 47 p.m. Dunham 13ill- 7 39, 9 52, 10 52 a.m. 2.22, 35, 6 47, 8 22 p.m. Sundays 6 48 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2, 7 13, 8 47, 850. 9 15, 9 45, 10 26, 10 36, 11 26 a.m. 12 38, 1 14, 23, 3 27. 5 10, 543, 5 52, 6 55, 7 13, 8 8, 9 10, 9 34, 10 47, all 1, al2 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 33, 9 53, 9 57, 10 3 a.m. 3 45, '7 24, 10 2 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry and Penketh-79, 8 53, 942, 10 45 a.m. 12 3, al2 57, 2 4, 3 27, 5 4, 6 2, 6 58, 9 14 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Saturdays only. Frodsham-7 53, 9 0, 10 1, 111, a.m. 2 31, 4 9, 5 44, 6 56, 8 31, p.m. Sunday 7 2, a.m. 7 24 p.m. Golborne-6 44, 8 26, 10 12.a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 31, 5 30, 7 15, 9 21, 10 42. a.m. Sundays 9 40 a.m. 75 p.m. Helaby-7 46, 8 56, 9 57,10 57, a.m. 2 27, 4 4,4 27, 540, 654, 827, p.m. Sunday 6 53, a.m. 7 18, p.m. Irlam and Cadishead-6 19, 6 48, 7 30, 9 53, a.m. 1 7, 4 54,6 54, 8 55, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 921, 11 0, a.m. 1 20, 2 22,6 55, 8 50, 10 0 p.m. Latchford-7 55. 8 40, 9 22, 10 2, 11 11 a.m. 1 20, al 45, 2 13. 3 0, 3 38, 4 26, b 530. 6 7, 6 49, 7 39, 9 52, c 11 41 p.m. a SAtirdays only. b Saturdays excepted. c Arpley. Sundays 8 23 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 6 15,6 30. 7 30, 7 40,8 17, 830, 840, 920. 930, 933. 9 45, 10 30, 11 5, 11 30, 11 33 11 50, a.m. 12 30, 12 50, 1 0, 1 25, 1 45, 2 30, 240,2 43, 4 0, 4 30, 4 .33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 30, 6 30, 6 35, 7 30. 8 30, 8 36, 8 40, 9 30, 1,10 50, 11 0, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 55, 1045, 11 15 a.m. 230, 3 55, 4 30, 6 15,6 30. 8 30, 9 0,9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L.& N.-W.)-a 2 35,5 50,6 10,8 5,8 35, 9 5, 9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45, 3 0, 3 35, 4 20, 4 50, 5 10, 6 10, 7 5, 8 25, 8 30, 9 0, blO 5, 1045, b 11 15 p.m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 25,9 20 a.m.2 10. 6 30,7 15,10 45 p.m. Lymm-7 48,8 32,9 14, 9 54,11 3 a.m. 1 11, al 37, 2 5, 2 50, 330, 4 18, b 5 31, 559, 641, 731, 9 43, 11 33 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted. Sundays S 15 a.m. 2 25, 7 15 p.m. Manchester (Central)-5 55, 6 30, 7 30, 8 30.a9 5. 9 30, 9 33, 10 5, 10 30, 10 35, 1/ 30 12 30, 12 50, ISO 2 30, 3 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 35 5 30, 60, 6 30, 6 35, 710, 730, 830, 835, 9 20, ld 20, alO5O, 11 0 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 30, 9 5, 9 90, 10 30 a.m. 140, 2 0,2 5, 6 0, 6 35, 8 30, 9 40 p.m. Manchester (London Road.)-7 5,7 50,9 20, 10 25, a.m. 12 30r b 1 5, 2 0,2 55, 3 40, a 5 0, 5 20, 6 5, 6 55, 9 5, 11 0, p.m. Sundays 7 30. a.m. 1 40, 6 30 p.m. a Saturdays excepted. b Saturdays only. Moore-6 56, 9 6, 11 9 a.m. 12 32, a 3 1, 4 8, 4 55, 7 33 p.m. Sundays 8 18 a.m. 4 53 p.m, a Wednes- days and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows- 6 55, 7 20, 8 42, 9 7, 9 29, 10 9, 10 22, 11 8 a.m. 12 35, n 1 5. al 28, 1 44, 3 7, 4 48, 5 5, 5 38, 549,627.730,85, 931, 108, 114, all 51 p.m. Sundays 8 30, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 20, 11 7 p.m. a Saturdays only. Padgate-6 30, 6 58, 7 55, 8 29,9 0, 10 3 a.m. 1 20,

2 0, 55, 6 18, 7 5, 96, 10 25, 11 32 p.m. Says 8 52, 11 11 a.m. 2 33,9 (2, 10 14, 10 20 p.m. Runcorn-5 53, 8 34, 9 19,10 17 a.m. 12 21, 14, 3 7, 4 40. 5 41, 6 30, 8 10.10 10 p.m. Sankev-7 5, 7 30,8 27,9 30,10 16, 10 35 a.m.12 36 135, 1 -lb, 2 35, 3 43, I 35, 5 26,5 3c1,,; 23, 7 25, 8 28, 9 32, 11 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m. 48, 8 54, o.

Southport-8 0, 90, 10 15, 10 40, 12 25, 1 30, 2 45, 4 5. 4 10, 5 25,7 15,8 5,a9 5,10 o.Sundayx'9 0,20, 750, a Saturdays only. Thehrall-7 51, 8 36, 8 18, 9 58, 11 7 a.m. 1 15, al 41, 2 9, 2 55, 3 34, 4 22 b 5, 35, 6 3, 6 45, 7 35,9 47, 11 28 p.m. Sundays, 8 19 a.m. 2 59, 719 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excentrd. Wigan (L. and NAV.)-a2 39, b 3 10, 6 33, 8 15, 9 17, 9 54, 10 0, II 33 a.m. 12 5, 1 23, 2 30, 3 27, 4 20, 4 50. 520 6 55, 75, 9 10, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 2 39, 930 a.m. 3 25, 6 55, 11 13 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only.

oy‘sig• (Trade Mark) •) f 4,, . •-• ' `, -44; • pi • . tilt) , CURE-HEADACHE, INDIGESTION, CONSTIPATION, 1. • DEBILITY, FEMALE WEAK IVESSES, PILES, if - 11111, 12/23,17,71155AllivILWACIMIZ.LEZONS, STOMACH TROUBLES. , "or. DS 3 T:MCS 7 • ,I,lloi 6): Atis,.o4 AN • --:1*-E31:7'

===== 0002601_19070824_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Idibin_

===== 0002601_19070824_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE CLUB • CHAMPIONSHIP. FINAL.

i PENDLETON (BELMONT) v. WARRINGTON BULL'S 1 HEAD.--The Warringtonians were defeated in this match at Manchester on Saturday. The scores in the games were as follows : , BELMONT (PENDLETON) . W A RRING TON BULL'S READ. IR. Owen ,D. Binnion H. Sharpies R. Tomlin Son 2l W. Simister l4 J. E. Davenport 2l W. Daniels i C. W. Smith 2l J. Houghton l6 IW. Smith 2l J. Berry l5 IJ. Whitehead lA. Valentine IS. Jones : H. Llewellyn .. 13 , H. Fogg . . 21 R. Maxwell 2l R. Fairbrotber 2O

_ Total

Total 6O

Total 205 . Total OM WARRINGTON CEMETERY V. CONSERVATIVE CUM— Played on Saturday on the Conservative green. Isaac Ikzanski, a cabinet maker, living in Cheetham I Scores : Hill, obtained a verdict at the Manchester County ' CEMETERY. CONSERVATIVES. Court on Wednesday before Judge Parry, for £75 S. Ratcliffe Bl 10 T. Coombes lll 13 against his employers, Messrs. J. Morris nod Co.,.Red J. Wood Si D Rawling if ) Bank, for the lon by a machine accident of the upper ,• R. Antrobus ll 1 „ W Hill 4 7 portion of a little Ungar. IJ. 'Forster 2l" W. Millington ll 1 IA. J. Jones jT. Bolton lll ' J. Thornton 4 IG. Ball, jun ll 1 g W. Ford 4 1 .F. Millar 4 f " j. Leigh 'J. Baldwin I R Sunderland tR. 3f `) H. P. Turner A. Willett lll „ J. P. Taylor lOl , J. E. Harrison lOl " J Vernoon :A. Scott 4 ' W. Barton - F. Yarwood i D. Ferguson 3 1 " S. Caldwell lll ;W. J. Woods 'F. Smith IW. He ll2l W. Strettle 4) A IA. Foster 4)1 Banks Lee 1 A..Rosterne - 13 W. Swanton A. Vernon T. Bridge I) P. Caldwell

179 113 f.:O8 121 Majority for Conservative Club, 37 paints.

t.: Te7l4-11-1,ry1., Ton-ts:4 4 en,„ e "St„,te c `lY;7,s';':#?,.;:, A 7,14 ' ,"%v;Ap?,' • ;2 " Always the same—always good,

===== 0002601_19070824_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
~,:pusuc. BENE:FITOQQI,*cOMPANY:-

CRICKET.

West Lancashire League. FIRST DIVISION.

STANLEY V. WARRINGTON.—This return match was played on the ground of the first named club on Saturday and resulted in an easy win for the visitors. Scores :

WARRINGTON. STANLEY. !W. Richardson a Parry b R. W. Killip c Bibby b r Moore :J. Callon b Taylor : T. Wright c Lightfoot b b Connor 1 Taylor E. A. Connor b Moore l6 S.G.iVloore b Podmore 13 1 W.H.Podmorec Scroggie T.N.Smyth b Podmore 0 1 b Farrell ,J. W. Bibby c Killip b Podmore 1 Stott l9 J. a Taylor b Podmore 3 ' Creaswell run out. lO H Farrell not out iW. V. Turton c Killip b R. Lightfoot c Turton ! Taylor !H. Bainbridge b Taylor 2 E. Hoyle b Callon !H. Callon not out 3 H. Holmes b Podruore 2 1 A. Duckworth c Smyth b I Taylor I Extras

Extras

Total 108 Total BOWLING ANALYSIS. WARRINGTON. STANLEY. • 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W S. Moore J. Taylor 13.1 3 22 5 H. Callon lB 5 20 2 H. Farrell W. Stott 4 1 7 1

PRESCOT V. EARLESTOWN.—At Prescot on Saturday. For Prescot, Holden took six wickets for 19 runs. Scores :

PRESCOT. EARLESTOWS. T. Seddon a and b Alder- T. Marsh h Sharp son

J. Birchall c Cawley b J. Broster -13 Holden ... 0 Bates '3 G. B. Leigh c Evans b J. Rogers b Alderson 1 Holden J. M. Swift c Wolfe b T. Bartley b Holden 5 Bates 0 H. Warburton run out 1 Sharp c Leigh b Alderson 6 W. H. Crowther b

D. Presc9t a Leigh b Holden Aldersoh J. P. Preston st Leigh b A. Harrison c Birchall Bates G. A. Prescott b Warbur- A. Wolfe b Holden 5 ton J. Evans b Wolfe J. Featherstone b Wolfe 2 W. L. Holden not out 5 Extras 2 Extras

Total 76

Total ... 44

SECOND DIVISION.

WARRINGTON V. STANLEY (SECOND ELEVENS).— Unfortunately for Stanley they were only able to bat five men in this return engagement at Warrington on Saturday and consequently the visitors suffered a crushing defeat. Scores :

STANLEY. WARRINGTON. Walsh run out 3 D. Plinston c and b Thomas not out Fordyce c Thewlie b W. Hind b Fordyce Bennett 2 J..Waywell c Fordyce

Griffithl run out ll b Thomas Fishwick b Plinston Knight not out Thomas 7 H. Dolan o Fishwick b Thomas • 3 Sergeant Knight b Griffiths T. Houghton run out 0 A. Thewlis c sub b Fordyce J. Thompson c sub b Thomas ,4 P. B. Hawtin not out l5 Extras

Total 39 Total 140 WARRINGTON WORKS COMPETITION. THIRD ROUND.

WIIITECROSS V. FIRTH.—This postponed match was played on Warrington ground on Monday evening. Scores :

FIRTH. WHITRCROSS. D. Plinston c Lester b A.Duckworth bLawless 3 Waywell T. Wright c Lester b Rutter c Plinston b Waywell 0 Lawless lO Lawless b Brierley ..... ... 0 13rierley b Plinston 2 Eden b Brierley Collins run out 0 Waywell c Collins b Osborne b Waywell Critchley h Waywell 2 Broadhurst c Wright b Emmerson b Rutter Hardinan run out Wright not out Griffiths b Waywell .. 2 Extras

Total 4O Total (for 6 wkta) 42

SEMI-FINAL.

MAcKnes v. FlErcHEit's.—There XVDS a crowd numbering nearly 400 to witness this match at the Arpley enclosure on Tuesday night. Scores : FLETCHER'S. MACK lE'S. J.Burrovvs b Burrell 3l C. Burrell c Carter b W. 'Woodcook b Burrell 6 Burrows . • 3 W. Carter lbw b C. J. Wornihead run out 2 Woodhead J. Thompson c Clarke b

Burrovis...

J. Woodhead John Burrows run out... 1 D. Clarke run out John Johnson b Burrell 3 C. Woodhead c and b G. Ford b Burrell 0 Ratcliffe

E. Ratcliffe b Burrell 0 W. Fell b Carter... ..... 0 J. Green a Clarke b G Davies b Ratcliffe 1 Woodhead A. Johnson not out s. Cmik b, Burrell 2 cock b Carter J. Muss b Carter 0 Extras

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. RESULTS TO AUG Ut T 17TH. P. W. L. D St. James' Cheshire L. Engineers 13 ... 9 ... 4 ... 0 Orford Barracks Mackie's ll ... 6 ... 4 ... 1 Wilderspool Brewery l2 ... 5 ... 6 ... 1 Bewsey Wesleyans Castle Rubber Works ll ... 3 ... 8 ... 0 ... 6 Walker's Brewery BEIVSEY WESLE VANS V. ORFORD BARRACKS.—PIayed at Arpley 4!ln Saturday, and resulted in an easy win for the Soldiers. Scores :—Orford Barracks, 44 ; Bewsey Wesleyans, 14.

. 13

WILDERSPOOL BREWERY V. WALKER'S BREWERY.— Played at Wilderspool on Saturday. Scores: —Wilders- pool. 35; Walker's, 29. Edwards, for Walker's, took five wickets for five runs.

Extra 1

Total l7

Total 3O

MACKIE'S V. CASTLE RUMBER.—This match was played on Mackie's ground on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the home team.- Scores :

MACKIE'S. CASTLE RUBBER. C. Burrell b Wright 4 W. Wright bC. Wood. J. Woodhead b Wright 0 head H. Sankey c Daintith b W.Morris bC.Woodhead 2 Wright 1 A. Newton b Burrell... 0 D. Clarke b Bell C. Gelderd c Gorat b Burrell

Wright 0 W. Poole c Kimberley C. Woodhead b Wright 0 b C. Woodhead W. Kimberley c Newton W. Daintith lbw b

b Bell . 2 Burrell G.Davies not out 5 W. Bell st Sankey bC. J. Moss c Morris b Bell 4 Woodhead 5 J. Newton cPoole bßell 6 H. Hodgson b Burrell 1 W. Caldwell run out 0 J. Forster o Burrell b C. Woodhead J. Gorst st Sankey b Burrell R. Lloyd not out 0 Extras

Total 35 Total 37 FRIENDLY MATCHES. SANKEY WIRE MILES V. HIGH LEGH.—At High Legh on Saturday. Scores : SANKEY WIRE MILLS. HIGH LEGH. NV. Woodcock c Surridge Viscount Ikerrin c b Ikerrin H. L. Clarke c Ikerrin b C. W. Surridge b Surridge 2 Gleave 4 E. Whitfield c Davies b W. Corsies b Gleave 6 Surridge 2O RrSimpsonbWoodcock 9 H. Brough b Ikerrin 0. Gleave b Ikerrin W. Gorst c Smith b E. Langford b Gleave 13 Surridge S. Holden c Hulse b O. Tunstall b Gleave 5 Ikerrin (... Dooley b Ikerrin 7 Hawthorn S. Jakeman c Corsies b 0. Hulse not out 0 Surridge P. Bladen not out Extras

Total 5O

Total B7

GRAPPENHALL 2ND V. BARNTON.—PIayed at Grappen- hall, and resulted in a win for the home team. Scores :

BARNTON. J. Powell o Peters b

GRAPPWHALL 2ND. G. Toutmin c Hughes

Callinder S. Rose c Mottram b W. Wicks b Alcock,

Slack 0 T. Woodward c J. Hughes b Peters 0 b Alcock A. Ellis c Mottram b A. H. Rathbone b

Petters W. Hughes c Mottram b G. Ainswerth b Alcock 4 Peters 1 A. Slack c& b Powell 14 J. Alcock not out 5 A J Mottram b Powell 3 T. Kirkham run out E. Curbishly b Peters ... 3 M. Callinder not out l4 H. Jones b Callinder 0 F. Robinson c Alcock

H. Hayward c Woodward b Powell b Peters 4 4 J. Marshall b Powell 1 E. Capper run out Extras

Total SANKEY v. ORFORD.—Played on Saturday at Sankey Scores :

SANKEY. ORFORD. Daintith c Jolley - b Parkes c and b Webb 4 Caldwell F. Millington c Wqod- Webb 0 house b Keen 6 Jolley b Millington ... 5 E. Forster c Wilcox b Sandy run out 0 Keen 2 Wilcox b Webb Bradburn c Keen b Woodhouse b Webb Wilcox Webb c Caldwell b Sandy 0 Webb l4 B. Forster b Wilcox l3 Caldwell b Webb Knowles c Caldwell b Lawton not ou .t Jolley Whitfield c Keen b Forster Wilcox Furness a Caldwell b Forster 2 Jolley 0 ' J._Millington a Keen b

0 J. Chatterton not out Extras

Total 43

Total

WALKER'S BREWERY V. CORNBROOK BREWERY.— This match, which decided the championship, was played at Arpley on Saturday. Scores WALKER'S. CORNBROOK. J. Caine c Jones b Jones b Dargan 2 Wardle ' 0 Woodward b Dargan I J. Dargan c Woodward b Wardle b Dargan Wardle J. Darton b Berry l4 Kitchen c Caine b G. Pearson b Evans 2 Norman 2 H. Cook b Berry lB Evans c Pearson b W. Norman c Evans b Norman 1

Berry 4 Condy run out 3 J. Milner c Wall b Berry 2 Wall b Norman W. Ashton c Marsland b Knowles b Norman Berry 1 Marsland b Dargan ... 0 A. Holland lbw b Wardle 1 Bunting not out W. Baird c& b Berry ... 2 J. Mulloy not out .... ..... 0 Extras

Total 62

Total-.)

_W1:....751NGT0N V. WARRINGTON LIBERAL CLUB.-At

W.nnington on Saturday, resulting in a win by nine Pts points for the home team. On the home and home ▪ 20 matches. however, Warrington were the victors by 97. ... 18 Resalts :- • 15 WINNINGTON. WARRINGTON. S. D'

S. D.

T. Gordon (capt.)... 4) 8 H. Daintith ill . , - J. Abbott - . A. M. Donald - W. Patrick H. Hickson ll f A. Lawton F. Gammond T. Smith .1 J. Wilding 11) , , E. A. Sanders ' 4) /0 W. Dean ll 1 " R. Cook 6j F. Litter J. Arrandale 6 f ' C. Jordan lll

J. Barlow G. Bradburn

101 , W Daintith "1-15 11 f ' F. Dale _c) 1

, ,E. Maguire }l5 J. Parr 5 ST. JAMES' v. CHESHIRE LlNES.—Played at ;R• Kettle ll G. Simpsom ll2 Battersby-lane on Saturday. J. McKay bowled well .F. Lee 1 1 , W. Leigh ll 115 for the home team, taking eight wickets for seven runs. 'J. Gee ll j u A. H. Sanders 5 Scores : ST. JAMES'. CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS. - - J. F. Foster b McKay ... 0 Duckworth c Sherratt C. Holt c Monks b b Holt Deeley. lO Brown lbw b Holt 3 TRAVELLERS' BOWLING HANDICAP. W. H. Minards c Deeley Hill c Knight b Holt 0 On Saturday last the members of the Warrington and b McKay 0 Howard cH. Booth b ; district branch of the U.K..C.T.A.piayed their handicap J. Sherratt b McKay F. Tole b Deeley P. Knight b McKay F. Booth b McKay 0 Monks bF. Booth 5 : what they lacked in numbers they made up in.enthu- C. Hackney b McKay ... 0 Jordan c Cartwright b 1 siasm—the Widnes contingent" 1,000 years old "being J. Cartwright b McKay 3 Halt H. Wadsworth not out ... 1 Chamberlain b Holt H. Booth b McKay McKay c and b Holt 0 host Walker served up a very enjoyable tea, after which G Chamberlain not out 6 the prizes were distributed by Mr. J. Whitfield of - Extras _ ' of bowls presented by the president Alderman William , Pierpoint, J.P. ; Mr. W. P. Ashton 2nd prize, art tea- pot stand by Mr. T. Mainwaring ; Mr. W. T-Roberts, 3rd prize, a razor by Mr. J. Holliday; consolation prizes, pipe and case, Mr. F. Plumpton, penknife, Mr. J. Whitfield. '

148 84

The Examiner, Saturday, August 24, 1907.

g

===== 0002601_19070824_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

A VANISHING LAKE.

Fresh evidence of . the disappearance of Lake Tchad in Central Africa has been ac- cumulated. Captain Tilho, of the Anglo- French Boundary Commission, says that the form and area of the lake have undergone great changes since the explorations of Barth and Nlphtigal, forty or fifty years ago. It is now navigable only in certain places, and boa t's frequently run aground. The tendency seems to be towards the development of a vast marsh on the site of the lake, although hall-a-century ago its great waves, in stormy weather gave it the appearance of an ocean.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPER LIGHTNING-PROTECTORS.

In an. address to the Royal Engineers at Chatham, Mr. Alfred Hands said that too much importance is attached to the form and composition of lightning-conductors, and not enough to the fact that the efficiency depends almost entirely on the way the apparatus is attached, and little on what it is made of. Lightning-conductors in the hands of ex- perts, tie said, may be likened to drugs in the hands of doctors—they must be suited to the particular case. As to the relative value of iron and copper for conductors; there is but a trifling difference, except that for con- ductors expected to last long iron is too perishable. •

===== 0002601_19070824_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
FORTY-ONE INCHES OF RAIN.

The most remarkable rainfall on record seems to have been that of a thunderstorm in Suva, Fiji, on the night of August Bth, 1906. Mr. R. L. Holmes reports to the Royal Meteorological Society of London that the fall was continuous from six p.m. until sunrise of the following day. and that the rain - gauge holding 12•5 in. was over- flowing at ten p.m., again at two a.m., and a third time at six a.m. This is an actual measurement of more than 37in. Besides the unknown overflow, it is supposed that there was a further loss of about 11 per cent. on account of the height of the gauge, which was sft. above the ground. The conclusion is that not less than 41in. of rain must have fallen in about thirteen hours.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MIDGET EARTH.

We regard the earth as a fairly large affair; yet it is but a midget ball in com- parison with the sun. The volume of the sun, astronomers would have us believe, Is 1,250,000 times greater than that of the earth. Perhaps it is some consolation to learn that its weight is not in equal ratio. In mass the sun is only equal to about 315,000 earths. At the same time it is rather stagger- ing to learn that the mass of the sun is equal to 750 times the united masses of all the bodies which gravitate round it and receive its light and heat. What it lack § in density it makes up for in size, so that it has no difficulty in attracting the planets and keep- ing them whirling around itself at their re- spective distances.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WHEN THE EARTH WILL BE PULL.

Professor ,Ravenstein, of the Royal Geo- graphical Society, has estimated that the fer- tile lands of the globe amount to 28,000,000 square miles, the steppes to 14,000,000, and the deserts to A,000,000. Fixing 207 persons to the square mile for fertile lands, ten for steppes, and one for deserts as the greatest population that the earth could properly nourish, the Professor arrives at the conclu- sion that when the number of inhabitants reaches about 6,000,000,000, the earth will be peopled to its full capacity. At present it contains somewhat more than one-quarter of that number. If the rate of increase shewn by the latest census statistics should be uni- formly maintained, Professor Ravenstein (thews that the globe would be fully peopled about the year 2072—about a century and a- half hence.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
A MAN-MADE NIAGARA.

The great cataract in the New River, formed in the Imperial Valley, California, by the escape of the waters of the Colorado liiver, has been likened to Niagara Falls. It varies from 90ft. to 100 ft. in height, and is from 1,500 to 1,800 yards broad. It likewise. resembles Niagara in eating backwards, or upstream, but its progress in this direction is extremely rapid, amounting to about one- third of a mile per day. This arises from thc fact that the channel of the stream is cut through the fragile material deposited cen- turies ago by the Colorado River at the head of the Gulf of California. It is predicted that if the escape of the waters of the Colorado is not arrested before the cataract Ills cut back far enough to unite the New ll.ver and the Alamo River, the Imperial Val- ley will be entirely deprived of its irrigatio streams. This cataract may be called "man- made," since its existence is due to his in- terference with the waters of the Colorado.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEAT OF THE SUN.

The radiation of the solar heat is modified by the earth's atmosphere. If allowance is made for the heat absorbed by the atmo- sphere, Blame idea can be formed of what that heat really is. The amount of it nor- mally received on a square metre (something more than a yard) of the earth would suffice to boil a quart of water in less than six minutes. Supposing that square metre of earth were advanced to the actual surface of the sun, the radiation received there per second, if converted into force, would repre- sent toe power of 77,000 horses. What is the total amount of heat radiated by the sun? It is equal to that which would be produced by burning upon every square metre of its sur- face at least six and a-half tons of coal per hour, and keeping up that rate of consump- tion constantly; for the sun's heat has not diminished in millions of years. The sun pours forth , its light and heat in every direction; and so exorbitantly prodigal is his majesty that the whole of the planets, great and small, receive only the .227-millionth part of the whole quantity of light and heat dispersed. The rest is lost in interstellar space. The share that our earth receives is less than the 2,000-millionth part of the whole supply.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PHENOMENA OF THE MOON.

In "The ;Nloon in Modern Astronomy," Mr. Philip Fauth sets forth it new view of. the . moon's constitution. In the first

place the author dwells •on the difficulty of interpreting the appearances of the moon's surface in terms of terrestrial volcanology. The so-called volcanoes of the moon cannot, he thinks, be due to the causes which have produced those of the earth. Their enor- mous relative size, for example, is difficult to explain, on the view that they are the result of similar forces. One of the lunar features, known to astronomers as Clavius, has a diameter of 142 miles, and is enclosed by walls three miles high. When this is com- pared with the average size of the terrestrial volcano, and when it is remembered that the earth is fifty times as large as the moon, the difficulty of accounting for lunar "vol- canoes " by forces similar to those which have produced the volcanoes of the earth is axmarnnt. And that the moon. although So much smaller than the eartn, snouid have mountain peaks rising to greater heights than those of the Himalayas, is another difficulty.

To a-mount, then, for the known pheno- mena of the moon, Mr. Fauth proposes

THE FOLLOWING LUNAR THEORY: Our satellite must be covered with a thick layer of ice, for nothing else, he -declares, will account for the appearances he has ob- served during the fourteen-days' lunar day. Beneath this crust of ice is an ocean which by its motions—due to tides, &c.—has pro- duced the scarred and fractured surface with which we are familiar. Inside these shells of ice and water lies a solid nucleus which may be looked upon as the real moon. The author of this new theory agrees with the older view that the moon has no atmo- sphere. But it is difficult to understand how it could have a surface of solid water with- out a conseauent envelone of water vapour.. Evaporation would take place trom me sur- face of the ice forming an aqueous atmo- sphere, from which the moisture would be continually returned by precipitation as snow.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
. _ • • -IC 4 : • BENEFIT' BOOrttk

119 104

A DROWNING MYSTERY.

Mr. S. Brighouse conducted an inquiry at the Warring- ton Police Court on Monday concerning the death of Alfred Hanson (28), 128, Evelyn-street, ironworker, whose body was found in the Sankey and St. Helens Canal on Thursday the 15th inst. at 7.45 p.m. Joseph Hanson said the deceased was his son. In answer to the Coroner witness said his son was perfectly sober.

David Roscow said at eight o'clock last Monday night he called at the Sloop Hotel, Sankey Bridges, where he saw deceased. Hanson had a glass of beer. They afterwards went for a walk round and called at the Hose Inn, Hood-lane. There were five of them and they as well as Hanson had a share of four quarts of beer. Deceased was not drunk. They went for another walk round, but, on arriving at Buttermilk Bridge the deceased stayed behind, his friends walking on. Hanson was not. drunk.

Patrick Quinn, 10, Mount-street said he was in the Rose Inn along with deceased. They had four quarts ot beer between five of them.

Robert Kirk said at 7.30 on Thursday night he went with the grappling irons to the Sankey and St. Helens canal and commenced grappling operations. Questioned by the coroner Kirk said the reason why be did not commence operations on Tuesday or Wednesday was because he was not sure whether Hanson was drowned or not. He afterwards found the body. On examining it he found no marks of violence or any signs of foul play. The Coroner said a share of four quarts of beer was not much to an ironworker. There was no doubt that the deceased was sober. __

The jury returned a verdict of "Found Drowned there being no evidence to show how the body got into the water.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
DISINFRCT WITH SNOWDOL FLUID & POWDERS

MANY TIMES MORR lly,Fgorivß THAN CAILBOLIC ACID. To BN OBTAINED FROM ALL 011E3119TR OR THE —MANUFACTITHERB—

SNOWDON, SONS 8: CO., LTD., MILLI/7.UL, E.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
Sold everywhere in boxes, price 111 i (56 pills) & 219 (168 pills).

===== 0002601_19070824_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
ONLY 5 OUNCES OF SILK

GUARANTEED TO CARRY 4 cwts. TH[ DWARF HAMMOCK

WILL DO T. In Handsome Le,therette Case, by post .., 15/• The same, but Cotton (7 ounc 3s) ~ 7/6 Write, enclosing. Cterine or P.O. o the— DWARF HAMMOCK CO., Dept. r, toz Charlotte Street, Birmingham.

HE HAS Gr NEALII WHO LI; L 3 a USES THE

Aeosan Bath Attachmont FOR CARBONIC AC:O & OXYGEN BATHS

ECONOXICAL—Now-coRnosIvE—EITS EVERT BATH. Write for Booklet B to th,3 AEOGAN COMPANY, 102 CHARLOTTE STREET. oIRMINGIIAX• Responsible Agents Wonted!

JOHN WALKER & CO.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEETINGS POSTERS RAFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS

CRICKET lilrrußES4.

EVERY DESCRIPTIONS OF PRINTIN

AGRICULTURAL AND FLORAL SCHEDULES AND CATALOGUES. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES, INVOICES, PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, PAMPHLETS, TIME BOOKS, MILL WORK, CATALOGUES, ;iIV CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES, BALANCE SHEETS,

EXECUTED AT SHORT NOTICES.

POSTERS OF ALL SIZES SPECIAL FACILITIES FOR PLACARDS.

Attention is Invited to nor NMI' FOUNTS OF TYPH

and WOOD LETTER for Large Posters.

I(EATINGS pOWDER LEAS, BUGS FLIES 3?6,!ii]

===== 0002601_19070824_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
I FLANNELETTE. 1

If purchasers of this useful material for underwear all the year round would bay the best English make, which can be obtained from all leading Drapers, they would avoid the RISKS they undoubtedly run with the inferior qualities of Flannelette.

HORROCKSES FLANNELETTES.

made by the manufacturers of the celebrated Longcloths, Twills and Sheetings,

ARE THE BEST. " HORROCKSES 7 7 Stamped on selvedgeevery 5 yards.

eSiA-W*.:s

CURES when all other Remedies fail

IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVIRC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CORES

The Worst Corns and Bunions. It Softens awl Removes all hard callosities on the nlee of the feet. If vnu suffer try a box, you will never regret it.

Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham

===== 0002601_19070824_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
RHEUMATISM

The best remedy for Gout. Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Lumbago, and the only one that has stood the test of time and increased in sale yearly, is that celebrated medicine,

===== 0002601_19070824_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
Blair's Gout Pills

Why? Because they are pure, sure, and safe, and have relieved and cured thousands. Try them. All Chemists and Stores, at is. tad., and as. cd. per box.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE."

===== 0002601_19070824_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
O.ARKISBIOODNURE

RING UP

TELEPHONE No. 355 Y.

PRINTING. OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

JOHN WALKER & Co.,

PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITEIOGRAPHERS. Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing and Bookbinding. EYE-CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES

===== 0002601_19070824_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any size or pattern on blue, white, or fancy paper.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
CIRCLARS in the n4atest style, from modern type, and of the best workmanship.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRAMME for Entertainment, IConeerte ecc., In the latest artistic style.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

SICK, RECEIPT, and BUBSCRIPIION BOOKS Printed, Bound, Numbered and Perforated to order.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
HANDBILLS. in large or small quantities, cheap and effective,

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Service; of Song, Festivals, &e.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
CATALOGUES for Public lnrl Private Librariea Audi°neer' and Tradeimen.

PRICE LISTS Printed on card or paper flue trated, If required.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ALL KINDS OF BRAT

POSTERS EXTRA LANGE SIZE,

40 x 60 One Sheet. WE PRINT THE LARGEST POSTERS

IN THE DISTRICT.

ESTIMATES FOR PRIN TI N (.4 ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR; PAPER RULING. ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

JOHN WALKER AND ao 'EXAMINER" OFFICE.

I3EWSZY STREET, WARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_19070824_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS. Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. Matter intended for publication must be written on one side only of the paper and sent in, if possible,not ater than Thursday.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
The infirmary_Extension—Results of

tub -Women's Fund.

Dear am now able to send you the list of the collections for the Women's fund for the Warrington Infirmary. I have every reason to be satisfied with the result, knowing this money would not have been obtained, but for my idea,whichhas proved a very happy one. I wish again to thank all those who have assisted me, both the many collectors and others who have helped them, and also those who have contributed so generously. Mrs. Ernest Atkin who has acted as treasurer, and received the money from time to time, placing it in the Bank. has forwarded me the following statement.—Yours truly.

M. PICKMERE.

Cedar Lawn, Thel wall , 2.3 rd August, 1907.

District Collections :

s. d,

Stockton Heath :—Per Mrs. Greenall, Mrs. Richardson, Mrs. Baxter, Miss Boyle and helpers ... ••• 36 4 0 St. Austin s Ward :—Per Mrs. Elenry Fairclough, Mrs. J. E. Wright ... 29 17 5 Padgate :—Per Mrs. Buckton 28 14 7 Penketh and Great Sankey :—Per Mrs. Clarke, Miss Tinsley ... 26. 3 0 Walton :—Per Mrs. Picton, Mrs. H. N. Houghtoh ••• 21 8 6 Fairfield Ward :—Per Mrs. Rylands,llTiss Shaw 21 0 4 Bewsey :—Per Mrs. Smethurst, Mrs. James Smethurst, Mrs. Bunch. Mrs. T. Atherton 20 0 0 Grappenhall :—Per Mrs. Frost, Mrs. Fairhurst 17 10 2 Town Hall Ward :—Per Mrs. Lord, Mrs. Reg. Smith, Mrs. J. H. J. Hampson ... 17 0 9 Appleton :—Per Mrs. Monks, Mrs. H. Roberts 16 7 8 Latchford Within : —Per Mrs. Jno. Fairclough Mrs. C. Jackson Holmes, Mrs. Lyon Whittle, Mrs. Mary Ward ... ... 14 7 10 Lymm :—Per Mrs. W. Peter Rylands (Vi ss. paid into Bank by Mrs. Rylands)... ... 13 12 6 Latchford Without :—Per Mrs. Geo. Dakin, Mrs. Venn, Mr:.. A. Brown ... ... 13 11 6 Whitley and Stretton :—Per Mrs. William Fletcher ... 12 15 11 Thelwall :—Per Mrs. Williamson,Mrs. Hatton 12 2 5 Orford Ward :—Per Mrs. Densham ... 6 17 8 Whitecross Ward :—Per Mrs. Tanner... ... 517 2 St• John's Ward:—Per Miss Spinks,MissEvans 3 1 Howley :—Per Mrs. J. E. Davies, Mrs. Herbert Woods ..• Moore :—Per Miss Litton

2 12 1 1 0 0

320 4 7 Amounts paid into Bank by Mrs. Pickmere,&c.l27 18 6 Interest to date ... 5 5 3

Balance to credit of Account in National Provincial tsank of England, Ltd., Warrington ... •.. —453 8 G

===== 0002601_19070824_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

EDUCATION AS A NATIONAL CHARGE.

A meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday under the presi- dency of Mr. Joseph Spruce. There were also present: —Messrs. J. W. Temperley, S. Woodward, Thomas Wright, C. E. Linaker, Thomas Guest, J. Hallows, G. Egerton-Warburton, Admiral Jones-Parry, A. Broome, C. F. Bell, Charles Roylance, J. Mynekyme, L. Bolton, R. Nickson, J. H. Davies, E. Britch, George Piling, J. Douglas, Eaton Bretherton, W. Weir, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. R. de Prez, T.Cook, and J. Pearson (relieving officers.)

===== 0002601_19070824_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKHOUSE ALTERA.TIONS.

The Local Government Board transmitted an order authorising the Guardians to make alterations and additions to the Workhouse at a cost not exceeding £2,395 and to borrow that sum, the loan to be repaid within a period not exceeding 27 years. THE NEW BUILDINGS.

Messrs. W. and S. Owen wrote stating that the new buildings, comprising nurses' home and children's and maternity block, were sufficiently advanced for the Board to enter into occupation of them on August 21st. A committee was adopted to deal with the furnish- ing of the premises. THE TREATMENT OF IMBECILES. rho Conway Union requested the Runcorn Guardians to pass a resolution urging the local Government Board to bring some measure before the Goverment with the object of establishing homes for imbeciles with a view to relieving the present undue pressure on the accom- modation of lunatic asylums and workhouses, believing that such persons could be more adequately cared for and trained to do work which would be advantageous to the institutions as well as to the inmates. The Board decided to support the proposal. COST OF EDI:CA.TION. The Uttoxeter Union forwarded for approval and support, a resolution protesting strongly against the ever-increasing education rate, which they considered a most unfair burden on the land and other rateable hereditaments in meal districts, and should be borne out of the Imperial Exchequer. Mr. Linaker said he was thoroughly in sympathy with the object of the communication. Every county was suffering at the present moment from extravagance in the administration of the 1902 Act. As education had become a compulsory matter, ha thought it was time a move was made to put taxation for educational purposes on a broader basis. Education should be a national charge administered by local authorities. He moved that the resolution be supported. Mr. Douglas seconded. Mr. Woodward thought it would be a grave mistake to put the whole cost on the national exchequer and would tend in some cases to great irregularities. He was strongly of opinion that they ought not to support the letter. Mr. Linaker said that if all the cost were paid out of the imperial exchequer, there would be a superior body which would restrain the County Education Committees from spending as much money as they now expended. Mr. Woodward: lam afraid that is doubtful. Mr. Hallows: They could not spend more than they do now. Mr. Linaker: So far as I know, at present there is no control over County Councils as to what they spend. It is quite time there was a controlling hand over them. The Board agreed to support the resolution. THANKS. The House Committee resolved that the best thanks of the Guardians be conveyed to Mrs. Blair,of the Elms, Moore, for the treat to hospital patients, old women and children at Moore on the Bth mat; and to Mrs. Jones Parry, of Thelwall Hall, for her kindness in pro- viding eight weeks' holiday for Ada Percival. FINANCIAL.

Mr. Woodward reported payments in out relief as follows :—Mr. Cook £75 ; Mr. de Prez £3O; Mr. Pearson £25. The total payments amounted to £l4l 4s. The balance in favour of the Board was £4,332 Os. 9d. On the architects' certificate the Board paid on account to Mr. Fairclough, in connection with the new build- ings, £lBO.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK AND SHARE MARKETS Latest Quotations.

HOME RAILWAYS. Ordinary Stocks and Shares. Caledonian 100 ...89 Glasgow St S.-W Pref. Ord 100 -.60 Great Central Deferred 100 —ll Great Central Preferred lOO ...22 Great Eastern lOO _64 Gt. Northem Def. Convd. Ord lOO -.34 Great Western lOO ...118 Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 ...93 London, Brighton & South Coast lOO ...95 London Chatham and Dover lOO -.11 London and North-Western lOO ...140 London and South-Western lOO ...136 Methropolitan lOO ...39 Midland Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...60 Do. Prof. Convd. Ord. lOO _63 North British lOO -.30 North Eastern Consols lOO ...133 North Staffordshire lOO -.90 South Eastorn lOO ...65 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Canadian Pacific lOO ...168 Grand Trunk of Canada lOO ...24 Do. Guaranteed 100 ...100.% Do. Ist Pref. lOO ...121T Do. 2nd Prof. lOO ...113 ' Do. 3rd Pref lOO -.68 SHIP CANAL. Man Ship Canal Ord lO —23/0 do. do. do. Porpl. 5% Pref 10 .30/0 BREWERIES. Bass, Ratcliffeand Gretton 5% Cum. Prof. lOO ...1531 Bell and Co. Ord lO .10k - Bents Brewery Ord, Boddington's Ord lO ...7,4, Chester's Ord Groves St Whit nal 5% Cum. Pref 10 -.7 i Guinness (A.) Son St Co, Ord. lOO ...580 Parker's 13urslem Ord. lO ...10A xd Springwell Ord ...6 Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO ...2i Walker (P.).St Son 5% Cum Pref.... 10 ...9k The above list and prices have been compiled by Messrs. T. and J. Ti. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Share Brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, and will be found reliable.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Gough —Hutchings.

The picturesquely situated church of St. Laurence, Frodsham, was filled with a fashionable congregation on Wednesday afternoon on the occasion of the marriage of Mr. Cyril Philip Gough, youngest son of the late Mr. Philip H. Gough, of Wem, Shropshire, and Miss Winifrid Mary Hutchings, eldest daughter of Mr. William Nelson Hutchings, J.P., of Hilsboro', Frodsham, a partner in the firm of Messrs. J. and W. N. Hutchings, tanners, Warrington. The wedding aroused great interest, and there were numerous visitors from Warrington, where the bride and bride- groom are well known and esteemed, Mr. Gough being the secretary of the Warrington Musical Society. The church was beautifully decorated with marguerites, lilies, and other white flowers, the work reflecting considerable credit on Mrs. Blogg, Miss Violet Hayes, I and other friends. The officiating clergy were the I Rev. H. B. Blogg (vicar), and the Rev. F. B. Corfield (curate). The service was fully choral. Mr. C. H. I Hibbertt presided at the organ and played the pro- ; cessional music from " Lohengrin," the Wedding March from "Lohengrin," "Reverie " (Hibbertt)," Salut ; d'Amour " (E tgar) "March in G-" (Smart) and ; Mendelssohn's " Wedding Mech." The hymns sung were" Now thank we all our God," "0 perfect love," "Thine for ever." The bride, who was given away by her father, was charmingly attired in an ivory i duchess° satin bridal gown. The bodice was made with draped corsage and fichu, and ornamented with rich hand-worked lace, the gored skirt falling full ' from Empire back, with folds of the satin round the foot. The gown, which was of charming simplicity, I was completed by a full Court train of satin, festooned I and decorated with orange blossom, chiffon frilling, and tiny "good luck " shoe. She carried a shower bouquet of white roses, lilies of the valley, orange blossom, and white heather. She w- re a Brussels net veil edged with beautiful Honiton lace, lent by her grandmother, and used by her at her wedding, as well as at the wedding of the bride's mother. The bride's ornaments were a pearl and olavine ring, the gift of the bridegroom, and a dainty horseshoe of white heather, the gift of Mrs. Blogg. The bridesmaids were the Misses Dorothea Hutchings and Rosalind Hutchings (sisters), and Lilian Petrie and EdithH Leake, and the train-bearers the Misses Dorothy Scott (cousin of the bride) and Molly Brnndrit. The bridesmaids wore dresses of ivory crepe de chine over shaded shell pink silk foundations, and bodices made in fashionable Kimona style, with delicate sky- coloured chiffon taffeta bands, and finished with soft bows of the same ; also transparent lace yoke with touches of silver tissue, skirts full with Empire backs, finished at foot with three tucks and bands of blue. The charming effect of coloured foundations and silk trimmings attracted much admiration. They also wore ivory crinoline and lace brim hats, with full chiffon taffeta crowns embroidered with pink roses, and large pale blue bows in front to match the blue of the dresses. Their bouquets consisted of Viscountess of Folkestale roses tied with blue ribbon, and they wore gold and opal safety pin brooches, the gifts of the bridegroom. The train-bearets' dresses were made of the same materials and colouring as the bridesmaids' gowns, in pinafore shape, with soft yoke and sleeves of Brussels net and lace. Their hats were made entirely of narrow Valenciennes lace, trimmed with a big bow of pale blue in front, and tied with long blue strings. They wore initial safety pin brooches, set with pearls, also the gifts of the bride- groom. The mother of the bride wore a beautiful gown of ivy green taffeta made in draped Kimona style, with clever introductions of deep cream-coloured embroidery lace insertions, a front of Brussels lace, relieved by a panel of self-coloured silk brought to a point. The skirt fell full, and was effectively finished with bands of the silk, edged with velvet round the foot. The velvet both on skirt and bodice put the finishing touch to the dress. Her hat was made of cream panne, bound with ivy green velvet trimmed with a cluster of Gloire de Dijon roses, out of which swept a beauifully shaded ostrich plume. Her bouquet was composed of Gloire de Dijon roses. Mr. Arthur R. C. Gough (brother of the bride- groom) acted as best man.

At the conclusion of the ceremony a reception was held at Hillsboro' and about 200 guests attended. Later in the afternoon, with the heartiest congratula- tions and the best wishes of their friends, the happy cuiple drove to Warrington, to take the train for York en route for Northumberland, where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride's travelling dress was of pastel blue cloth with touches of mauve panne velvet, and deep belt of the same. The deep collar was embroidered with palest pink and aluminium braid.lier hat consisted of pastel blue chiffon taffeta, lined with rows of narrow Valenciennes lace, and with full crown trimmed simply by a wreath of pansies. THE PRESENTS. The following is a list of the presents : Bride to bridegroom, dressing case Bridegroom to bride, pearl and olavine ring Mother of bride to bride, pointed fox stole and muff Mother of bride to bridegroom, "George Herbert," Pickering edition Father of bride, Brinsmead grand piano Mother of bridegroom, Sheffield plate and silver after- noon tea tray Mr. A. Hutchings (brother), Sheffield plate tea pot Miss Dorothea Hutchings and Miss Rosalind Hutch- ings (sisters), and Master Julian Hutchings (brother), Queen Anne silver afternoon tea service

Mr. A. Gough (brother), cheque Mr. H. Gough (brother), cheque Miss Gough, silver-mounted water jag and silver salver Miss Hilda Gough, two silver entree dishes Dr. and Mrs. Simpson, silver soup tureen Miss Simpson, pair silver candlesticks Miss A. Simpson, point lace and three sets of d'oyleys Mrs. Hutchings. two silver dessert helpers Mrs. Huggins, Honiton lace hankerchief Mr. Hardy, Silver mufß neer Mr. and Mrs. Sep. Brocklehurst, silver cake dish . Mr. C. B. Sparrow' Shakespeare's Works in case Colonel, Mrs. and Hiss G. Simpson, silver tea caddy Mr. and Mrs. F. Brocklehurst, travelling clock Mr. and Mrs. Fairbrother, two silver mustard pots, and 1 doz. knives and forks Master Harry Hughes. two old brass candlesticks Mr. J. Brocklehurst, silver cake dish Mr. H. H. Simpson, oilpainting Mrs. Simpson, old .paste Saint Esprit brooch and pendant. Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Carlisle, silver entree dish Mr. and Mrs. J. Coxon, canteen of table silver Mr. and Mrs. C. Hutchings, silver crumb scoop The Misses M. B. and D. Hutchings, silver mustard pot Miss Hutchings (aunt of bride), blotter, Bradshaw cover, and telegram case in leather

Mr: FL 13rocOehurst, four silver dessert helpers and sugar spoons in case Colonel and Mrs. Godfrey, cheque Mr. M. and S. Godfrey, Venetian necklace Mr. and Mrs. Elkinton, silver toast rack Miss Sparrow and Mr. G. Sparrow, silver shoehorn, button hook and hairpin boxes for dressing table Mrs. Scott, drawn-thread sheet sham Mr. and Mrs. Leather, gold nugget brooch Mr. J. Flignett Gough, two silver candlesticks Mr. and Mrs. Charlton Hall, four silver salt cellars and spoons in case The Misses Menett, Charlton Hall, flower bowl Rev. H. H. Carlisle, two silver preserve spoons in case

Mr. and Mrs. Bromfield, silver entre dish Mr. and Mrs. Beckett, silver-handled bread knife Mrs. Rylance. preserving pan Mr. and Mts. Percy Mortimer, old dessert service (Swansea) The Misses Wright, two silver flower vases Miss D. Griffiths, table centre The Misses Preston. blotter Mr. H. P. Allen, Dolllton, vase Miss Rylands, two leather blotters Mr. and Mrs. G. Hutchings, tea set (French china) Mr. and the Misses Garrott, Limerick lace scarf Mr., Mrs. and the Misses Schaub, silver serviette rinqs in case

Mr. Edward Pm, two Worcester vases and Mrs. John Reynolds, silver cake stand Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Petrie, silver muffin dish Mies Lilian Petrie, silver ege stand The bride's members of the G.F.S. silver toast rack and mother of pearl silver-mounted penholder Mrs. Rylands. silver sugar basin Miss Averill Cole,baautifully worked night-dress casb '.Vliss Ashley, three Tronstone china jugs Mr. and Mrs. Jack Crosfleld, two silver candlesticks Miss Stagg, Italian silver and turquoise pendant Rev. G. Purcill, silver frame Mr. and Mrs. E. Atkin, silver sauce boats Rev. and Mrs. Blogg, gold 3nd enamel pendant Ur. Sandys and Mr. Choremi, brooch Rev. and Mrs. Cortleld, brass kettle and stand Mr. and Mrs. Thomas, travelling clock Mrs. Leake, two silver sweet dishes Miss Morris, embroidered photograph frame The Misses Hollis, Indian table cloth Mary, Bessie 4nd Ada (the maids at Hillsboro), silver biscuit box

Mary, an old warming pan Mrs. and Miss M. G. Burton: silver pepper pots Rev. and Mrs. Pritchard, Swiss cuckoo clock Mr. and Mrs. Rigby Armitage, inlaid Japanese tray The Misses A. and C. Stagg, Crown Derby coffee service VJ I IA Miss Gaynor Simpson, China ornament Mr. and Mrs. Ockleston, breakfast wannew Mr. an-I Mrs. Congreve, silver bowl t.. -

_ 'AN

===== 0002601_19070824_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday August 24, 1907.

Captain Crosfield, muffin dish and silver stand Miss Mainprice, silver hat pin and ring stand Rev. R. L. Mann, silver menu stands Mr. and Mrs. H. Anderton, silver ink-stand Mr. and Mrs. Griffiths, candlestick Rev. H. R. Wild, vase Mr. and Mrs. R. Smith, two silver vases Mr. and Mrs. Murray, vase Mrs. Crossland Taylor, Liberty scarf Mr. and Mrs. Brun irit, picture in oils Miss Coxon, scent bottle Miss Clarke, copper flower pot Mr. and Mrs. Glover, old Sheraton tea tray Mr. and Mrs. Haslam, Bradshaw cover, Ste. in case Miss Margaret Taylor, cushion Mr. and Mrs. Charles Barton, Brussels lace collar and cuffs Mr. and Mrs. Niel Gossage," eter Pan" Mr. and Mrs. Stenhouse Williams, Royal Worcester pot pourri pot Miss Ella Worral, water-colour picture Miss Palin, lace collar Miss Bean, pickle jar and fork in silver stand Miss Hilda Backhouse, breakfast service Miss M. cox, sideboard cloth Miss B. Banks, Carrickmacross lace handkerchief Mr. and Mrs. Arnold Thornley, cushion Dr. and Mrs. Burton, silver-mounted jam jar and muffineer. Miss Burton, flower vase Miss Nisbitt, silver butter dish Mr. and Mrs.F. H. Crossley, silver and oak salad bowl Miss Bleckly and Mr. A.. Bleckly, silver hot water jug Mr. and Mrs. Lord, old mahogany tea table The Misses Litton, silver muffin dish Mrs. Danielson ironstone china bowl Mrs. and the Misses Okell, silver sweet -dishes The Maids at "Bryn Estyn," silver cruet Mrs. Sam Woods, silver butter knife Mrs. John Davis, silver butter dish Mr. and Mrs. Will Melland, silver and oak salad bowl Mr. E. Reynolds, fish carvers Mr. C. Martin, brass coal box Mr. and Mrs. Matt Steele, breakfast warmer Mrs. Mortimer, two silver pepper pots Mr. F. and Mr. W. Mortimer, paper knife, silver- mounted Mr. and Mrs. Perryn, two silver candlesticks The Misses and Mr. T. Grundy, silver and tortoise- shell paper knife Mr. and Mrs. Charles Reynolds, mahogany overmantel Mr. and Mrs. Edmund /lice, silver cream jug, sugar basin and sifter

Miss Shaw, basket tray and embroidered d'oyley Mrs. Cartwight, silver and mother-of pearl jam spoon Mr. and Miss Thornley, opera glasses Mr. and Mrs. Burgess, silver entree dish Mr. and Mrs. James Taylor, Copeland Spode tea service _

Miss Mary Woods, pair of silver nut crackers and grape scissors Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Rvlands, inlaid mahogany table Mr. and Mrs. G. Garrat, Royal Worcester vase Rev. and Mrs. Roger Cardale, ivory Prayer Book Miss Andrew, mustard pot Mr. and Mrs. White, silver-mounted paper knife Mr. and Mrs. Sacker, inlaid mahoghany clock The tenants of Howley, Tannery Cottages, silver butter dish

The employes of Messrs. J. and W. N. Hutchings, at Howley Tannery', silver soup tureen and silver entree dish with inscription Employes of the Haydock-street Tannery, tautulus Mrs. John Crosfield, painted dessert d'oyleys Mr. T. Ridgeway, silver sugar dredger Mr. and Mrs. Kingdon, silver pepper pot Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Holme, table centre Mr. and Mrs. Holbrook Gaskell, and Miss Gaskell, oak folding table Fred (under gardener), mother of pearl and silver pin tray Mr. and Mrs. Robert Kennon, copper lamp shades Mr. and Mrs. Dutton, cut glass and silver salad bowl Mr. and Mrs. Lowndes, turqnoise and gold pendant Mrs. and the Misses Carlisle, silver-mounted bread board and knife Dr. Langdale, silver vases Miss Lawton, glass flower bowl Miss Wright, silver sugar basin Mrs. Wright, silver sauce boats Mrs. McNeil, and Mr. Colin McNeil, table cutlery Mr. Charles Chorley, painted table centre Mr. and Mrs. Hatton, silver inkpot Dr. and Mrs. Briant, silver cruet Mr. and Mrs. Holt beaten copper tray Miss MoNicoll, crochet d'oyleys Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Quinby, two Venetian glass vases Mr. and Mrs. Myrtle, book (on Gainsborough) Miss Riley, old silver bonberrie Rev. and Mrs. Colegrove, Shakespeare Mrs. Miller, drawn thread sideboard cloth Mrs. Charles Bell, lace and net cushion cover Mr. and Mrs. George Twentyrnan, embroidered nightdress case Miss Dorothy Scott, worked kettle holder Mr. Christopher Scott, tea sot Mr. Layton, two silver flower vases Mr. and Mrs. Millington, silver cake knife Mrs. and Miss Ditchileld, afternoon tea cloth and table centre Miss Massy, silver sauce boat Mrs. and Misses Flynn, flower bowl Miss Edith Leake, Tennyson Colonel and Mrs. Edelsten, china bowl Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Frost. two silver vases Mr. and Mrs. Arnold Wolff, blotter Mr. John Brooke, book, "Flower of the Field" Mrs. Wells, embroidered work box The Misses Saxon, vase. Devonshire pottery Mr. and Mrs. Harold Ledward, cut glass fruit bowl Mr. and Mrs. Murray Speakman, cut glass and silver fruit bowl The Misses Hayes. wrought iron fire screen Miss Margaret Lon,gworth, embroidered dressing table set Mr. Harry and Mr. Alan Taylor, silver buttons Miss Ashton and Mr. George Ashton, Doulton vase Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Field, case of desert knives and forks, silver tobacco box Miss Lowe, book Mrs. Harrison, kettle and iron holder Mrs. Stephen Gough, pictures Mr. and Mr% Densharn, kit bag Mr. and Mrs. Barker, silver bread basket Miss Reynolds, two scarf brooches Mrs. and Miss Champness, toast rack end butter dish Mr. and Mrs. Walter Milner, silver flower vases Miss E. Goldthorp, book The Madonna. in Art "

pendants, the gifts of the bridegroom. Mr. G. J. Bouchier discharged the duties of best man and Captain Kershaw acted as groomsman. After the ceremony the reception was held at the Masonic Hall, Bold-street, a large number of guests attending. Later in the day the happy couple departed for a honeymoon tour in the South of England. The bride travelled in a cinnamon brown costuine, with chiffon taffeta hat to match, and pale blue ostrich boa. Many handsome presents were received,including a silver tray and purse of gold presented to Captain B by the oificials and workpeople of J. Scrowcooft and Co.,Ltd.,Corapton and Shawcross, Ltd., Hindley Field Colliery Ltd., and Victoria Colliery Ltd.

the knee to Pendleton Belmont. "Dead Length" in the" Daily Dispatch " has the following notes oil the match :

The final for the Lancashire and Cheshire Club Championship was inthued with more than usual interest seeing that the invincible champions for tha last four years—Leigh Railway—had been defeated in the semi- final by Warrington Bull's Head, who were opposed by Pendleton Belmont. The latter had achieved a note- worthy triumph over Newton-le-Willows in the other semi-final, and as the West Lancashire team had lifted the Liverpool and District cup from Rainhill, they had great hopes of being hailed amateur champions for the first time.

Pendleton won, and won easily, and though the men from Warrington zomplained that the Northumberland green was unlit for such a vital con- test, I am sure the allegation WAS only made in a moment following a bitter defeat. The sward, presided over by Mr. W. E. W. Ashworth, could not have been in better condition. It is, as every practical player knows, a" late " green,as far as condition is concerned, and if, as several of the Warrington men stated, it was far too easy, then why did they bowl so badly on it? Most of the Leigh railwaymen were present, and were astonished at their conquerers in the semi-final,

‘. Why," said one," how on earth they beat us on this form passes comprehension." A suggestion from the writer that Pendleton were exhibiting wonderful form met with grunts and half-heard threats of what" we would do with Belmont if only we had been playing them." Certainly the local team thoroughly deserved the championship, which practically carries with it the highest honours in crown green bowling.

As a matter of fact, the Warrington men held too great a faith in the exploded "round peg "myth. On their own little and tricky green this method may well confound and. upset the stranger, but on a neutral sward the nearest way to the Jack pays best, and hence it was that only three of the ex-champions proved successful. I do not propose to dwell upon the dry details of each game. It would be out of place to do so, unless to gratify individual satisfaction, but I must congratulate the Pendleton Club on bringing the championship to Manchester for the first time since Didsbury won in 1902.

The winning side only lost three games, and if Llewellyn and that member of a notorious football family, Albert Valentine, lost rather heavily, they had the satisfaction of knowing that they gained sufficient points to make the championship safe when Robert Nfaxwell and Pairbrother fought out the last and keenest game of the day. They are one and all plucky and sportmanlike players, and won the championship in the absence of such sound players as Albert Pendlebury and Charles Hough, both of whom were too ill to take part in one of the most memorable finals on record. The majority of 20 in favour of Pendleton and the con- sequent custody of the cup at the Eccles Old-road club will do the game a dell of good, if only to prove that the all-powerful West Lancashire clubs are not invul- nerable.

The magnificent championship cup, presented by Mr. Oros&ld, M.P. for Warrington, the president of the association, who also gives gold medals to the winning team and gold-centre medals to the losers, was handed over to the winners by ND.. J. W. G. Coombs, of Olds- bury, the depTity president and chairman of the association, who had acted as referee. The cup was received by Mr. R. Tomlinson, Pendleton's captain.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
Houghton—Owen.

St. Mary's Church, Sankey, was the scene of a pretty wedding on Tuesday, when Mr. Robert William Houghton, eldest son of the late Mr. William Houghton, and of Mrs. Houghton, Hal! Nook, Penketh, and grandson of Mr. W. D. Houghton, was married to Miss Annie Owen, second daughter of Mr. Thomas Owen of Vicars Green Farm, Great Sankey. Although the weather was very unfavour- able, there was a large congregation. The Rev. J. R. Jones officiated. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a travelling costume of slate grey colour, a white felt hat adorned with an ostrich plume, and a feather boa. There was only one bridesmaid— Miss Annie Allanby, of Grange-over-Sands (cousin), who was attired in cream, with a cream crinoline hat to match. There were no bouquets, the bride carrying a Prayer-book. After a reception at Vicar's Green Farm, the bride and bridegroom departed for Aberyst- wyth to spend the honeymoon. They have received a large number of presents.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
White—Millington.

A wedding which aroused considerable local interest was solemnized at the Parish Church on Wednesday, when Mr. Frank Eaglesfield White, son of Mr. James White, of Manchester-road, was married to Miss Emily Theresa Millington, of liattersby-lane. The Rev. T. A. J. Ricipath officiated, while Mr. George White (brother of the bridegroom) acted as best man. The bride, who was given away by her father, was charmingly attired in white silk, with a mauve bat. She was attended by two bridesmaids, Miss Catherine E. White and Miss Florence Millington, who looked exceedingly pretty in their pale blue costumes. Mr. Joseph Gorst played appropriate selections on the organ, including Mendelssohn's " Wedding March." After the ceremony a reception was held at the house of the bride's father, a large number of guests being present. Later on the happy couple left for North Wales, where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride's travelling dress was of blue serge. A large number of handsome and valuable presents have been received.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Bouchier—Richardson.

There was an exceedingly pretty wedding at St. Paul's Church on Wednesday when Captain Charles Fitzhemy Bouchier, of the 2nd V.B. Loyal North Lancashire Regiment, was married to Miss Ethel Richardson, daughter of Mr. James Richardson, Palmyra House, Springfield-street. Considerable interest was taken in the happy event and a large congregation assembled. The officiating clergy were the Rev. W. Bracecamp (vicar) and the Rev. E. E. Peters (curate). The service was choral and included the hymns" The Voice that breathed o'er Eden " and "0 perfect love." Mr. E. Wilkes presided at the Organ and played festal music including Mendelssohn's "Wedding March." The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a beautiful dress of ivory duchess° satin, trimmed with Spanish lace, over a skirt of chiffon, the train being draped with large knots of chiffon and orange blossom. She carried a lovely bouquet of white roses and white heather. The brides- maids were Miss Bessie Richardson and Miss Flylda Bouchier, who were prettily attired in pale blue chiffon taffeta, with trimmings of cinnamon brown, and blue felt hats to match, with brown and pale blue faded feathers. Their bouquets were, composed of very pale pink roses and their ornaments were pearl

===== 0002601_19070824_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Water Polo.

It was not with any confidence that Warrington entered upon their match with Wigan on Thursday evening, for twice previously this season had the colliers inflicted defeat upon them in no half-hearted fashion. There was a large crowd to witness the encounter at the Warrington Baths and considerable excitement prevailed. Warrington were again unable to withstand the vigorous attack of the colliers and were beateu by eight goals to two. The teams were as follows :—Warrington: S. Walker, goal; W. Sutton and W. Ashton, backs ; C. Ashton, R.Allen,T.Pemberton and C. Turner, forwards. Wigan: C. S. Smith, goal ; W. M`Grath and G. W. Nevison, backs ; T. Saunders, J. Martin, I. Bentham, and J. Critchley, forwards.

At the outset Wigan defended the deep end. They quickly assumed the aggressive, and several shots narrowly missed the goal. Play became exciting and two players were ordered out. Bentham opened the scoring for Wigan, and a few minutes later Critchley added a second. C. Ashton displayed splendid form, and registered two goals, and half-time arrived with the scores equal. On resuming, Martin gave Wigan the lead again, and they maintained the upper hand to the close, goals being added by Martin, Bentham (3), and Saunders (2).

Towards the close the proceedings were distinctly lively, the decisions of the referee being frequently resented by the Warrington spectators who gave expres- sion to their feelings by "booing "vigorously.

Great interest was taken in the semi-final for the Warrington Works Squadron Competition which was decided prior to the match. Co-operative Stores beat Rylands's, and Pearson and Knowles were victorioos over the Corporation. -

===== 0002601_19070824_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
HATTON SHOW. Villagers' Creditable Display.

Hatton is one of those charming, old-world villagers whose inhabitants take a delight in making their gardens beautiful. Naturally they are not a little proud of the remits of their handiwork and the annual show promoted by the Horticultural Society is looked forward to as the leading event of the year. Notwithstanding the bad season, this year's exhibition which was held on Thursday in a field at Hatton Hall, which had been placed at the disposal of the society by Mr. James Parr, was highly creditable. The entries constituted a record and were 100 in advance of last year, totalling 670. The quality of the exhibits generally was good, and this applies in particular to the bush fruit. There was a splendid collection of flowers, and the table decorations were exquisite. Two magnifi- cent groups of plants (not for competition) lent by Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart. and Mr. T. H. Lyon attracted general admiration. Mrs. Bart., Acton Grange had a good display of fruit. The cottage gardens which had been judged were a credit to the district, the judges being surprised to find them in such fine condition, considering the unfavourable weather. The following discharged the duties of judges :—Farmers' Produce: Messrs. Samuel Davies and William Hough. Cottagers' gardens and produce : Messrs. William Turner and D. Mcßride. Honey: Mr. Herbert Potts. Butter and eggs : Miss Collins. Table decorations : Mrs. Wynne- Jones and Mrs. J. J. Whitley. Baskets of wild flowers : Mrs. Seeker and Miss Litton. The arrangements for the show were all that could be desired, and special praise is due to 'qr. J. G. Hatton for the efficient way in which he discharged the secretarial duties.

There was a large attendance at the opening of the show by Mrs. Ussher, of the Dene, Great Budworth. The President of the Society tßev. the Hon. C. F. Cross) presided. Mrs. Ussher expressed the pleasure it gave her to he amongst them on such a pleasant occasion. She hoped it was the beginning of a long period of friendship between them. The culture of flowers was a very pleasant hobby and brought out the best in human character. She Vtr:l3 very pleased to know that the exhibits this year showed the record number of 670- 100 more than last year—and that there was such a large entry from the local cottagers. That must be a matter of congratulation to the members of the Society. In these times of unrest and rapid movement and making of money, it was a pleasure to be able to seek repose in thd gardens where they could watch the opening of the flowers in all their beauty. Flower culture was the most refining of human occupations and she was glad it had taken such a hold of the people of Hatton. She would look forward to future shows held in such delightful surroundings. (Applause.). A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mrs. Ussher on the proposition of Mr. J. Wright seconded by Mr. Warburton.

Mr. Parr was thanlcAd for lending the field, on the motion of Mr. T. H. West seconded by Mr. T. J. Lee. Mr. J. E. Seolcer moved and Mr. Hatton seconded a similar compliment to the Chairman. _

The Rev. he Hon. C. 11., Cross in reeponding said the society was doing a valuable work in H..tton awl the committee were to be heartily congratulated on the excellent show. He desired particularly to thank Mr. J. G. Hatton for his energetic work as secreraty and the iniges for the conscientious way in which they had performed their duties. During the afternoon the Walton Band played selec- tions and an interesting programme of sports was gone through.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIZE LIST.

The following is the Prize List : Special prizes given by Mr. J. J. Whitley. for the neatest and best stocked flower garden : Ist, W. Dean; 2nd, J: Green : 3rd, Jas. Kippax ; 4th, Hy. Maddock ; sth, W. Duncalf. Special prizes given by Lady Greenall, for the neateFt and best stocked kitchen garden : Ist, J. Done; 2nd, J. Green; 3rd, H. Maddock; 4th, W. Dean. Special prizes given by Mr. James Parr, for the neatest and best stocked flower garden, (competed for by Mr. Parr's tenants only) : Ist, John Kippax ; 2nd, .1. Rutter; 3rd, T. H. Rutter ; 4th, P. Cliffe ; sth, J. Cliffe ;_6th, T. Britland.

Special 'prizes given by Mr. Jams Parr, for the neatest and best stocked kitchen gardens (competed for by Mr. Parr's tenants only) : Ist, Jno. Kippax ; 2nd, T. H. Rutter ; 3rd, T. Done; 4th, Miss Ellison ; sth, J. Cl lTe.

Special prizes given by Lady Greenall, for the neatest and best stocked kitchen garden. (Open to all cottagers residing within the society's district but out- side the township of Hatton) : Ist, T. Grounds; 2nd, G. Green: 3rd, J. Miller ; 4th. J. Muskett. ENTRIES FOR COTTAGER RESIDING WITHIN THREE _ MILES OF HATTON SCHOGLs.

Special prizes given by Lady Greenall for the

prettiest decorated dinner table. Only outside grown flowers or ferns to be used, 1, Miss M. Maddock; 2, Miss E. Elankey ; 3, Mrs. John Kippax ; hc, Miss B. 1 Povey.

GREENHOUSE PLANTS. One fuchsia, single :-1, J. Cliffe : 2, P. Cliffe ; 3, F. Kippax ; hc, J. Moore. One fuchsia, double :-1, F. Kippax ; 2, J. Moore; 3, T.FA Nioss. One begonia F. Kippax ; 2, F. Kippax • 3, J. Moore ; h c, T. F. Moss. One geranium :—1 and 2, J. Moore ; 3, F. Kippax ; hc, T. F. Moss. One ivy geranium :-1, T. F. Moss; 2, P. Cliffe ; 3, F. Kippax. Three plants, any variety :-1, T. F. Moss ; 2, F. Kippax ; 3, J. Moore ; h c, J. Cliff e.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Rugby Football. Have you got one of our "Football Annuals " yet ? It is the best pennyworth of facts, fixtures and photis published, and moreover it is a local annual. The contents are of interest to all local sports enthusiasts. isk your newsagents for a copy.

People are beginning already to talk and think of football, and discuss the prospects of their favourite teams. There is considerable interest manifested in Warrington in the forthcoming season, for it is recognised that the Cup-holders will have an arduous campaign. Their possession of the honour is an added responsibility which will make itself felt, for every team will be doubly anxious to beat the Cup-h3lders. It is, to my mind, questionable whether the same team can go through the season with success. They are not over-strong on the wing, and so far there does not seem much likelihood of a new "flier " being netted. No one recognises more fully than the mem- bers of the Committee that this is the weak spot in the team and every effort will be made to secure a speedy player to ring the changes with Brooks and Fish.

The first practice match was held on Saturday afternoon, and over 1,000 spectators attended. Twenty-four players turned out, and most of them showed capital form. Another practice was held on Tuesday evening, so that by September 7th the men should all be fit, and well able to account for Leigh. Among those who have so far given evidetiae of being in form are Taylor, Dickenson, Isherwood, Brooks, Lees, Hockenhall, Cartwright and Lambert, while the forwards generally seam frisky. By, the way, Jack Preston is turning out again, and he certainly looks in better condition than he was last season. Fish is, as usual, too fat and will need some hard work before he is fit for the first team. Jenkins has not been seen so far, but will probably be on the spot when required.

There will be another practice match at 6 o'clock this evening. Admission, id. The proceeds go to the Infirmary.

The Football Club Smoking Concert for members of the Club, to celebrate the Cup victory last April, will be held in Parr Hall, on Tuesday, September 3rd.

Cricket.

St. Helens must be clngrattfatei upon securing the championship of the West Lancashire League, although one naturally sympathises with Warrington in again losing the honour after a plucky fight. Still the Saints have worked hard to attain their proud position, and are entitled to full praise. Last Saturday Warrington played their concluding league match of the season, and registered a victory at the expense of Stanley. Going in first Warrington compiled 108, W. Richardscn dis- tinguishing himself with a grand display, and knocking no a faultless 29. The Stanley men were all dismissed for 77, R. W. holding the scores with 28. W. H. Podmore was in great form with the ball, and accounted for seven wickets at the small cost of 21 runs.

FIRST DIVISION. P. W. L. D. Pts. St. Helens Warrington Earlestown Prescot l2 4 4 4 12 St. Helens Rocs Newton Stanley

===== 0002601_19070824_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND DIVISIOX.

Earlestown Warrington Prescot St. Helens Recs. St. Helens Newton Stanley

Warrington 2nd had a very easy task in disposing of Stanley 2nd who could only place five men in the field. The visitors suffered an ignominious defeat, all being out for 39 to which Warrington responded with 149. Alfred Thesvlis, the ex-professional, batted brilliantly and placed 5(3 to his credit.

in the Warrington and District League encounters, the chief feature was the defeat of St. James', who at present occupy the top place, by Cheshire Lines engineers. The Latchford men gave a very poor exhibi- tion, for out of the 17 runs obtained C. Holt scored 10, and there were no fewer than seven "ducks," Riley (12) was the top scorer for the victors. J. cKay bowled remarkably well, capturing olght wickets for seven VMS.

- - , The contest for the championship is becoming dis- tinctly interesting and St. James' will have to be on their mettle if they moan to carry off the gold medals.

Wilderspool Brewery accounted for their rivals from Walker's Brewery. Edwards taking five wickets for exactly as many runs. Orford Barracks triumphed over Bewsey Wesleyaus and Mackie's defeated Castle Rubber.

The Works Competition is nearing its close. The semi-final between Nfackie's and Fletcher's aroused groat interest, and the printers suffered an unexpected rebuff. Fletcher's were very smart in their fielding—a depart- ment in which Nfackie's were not sufficiently wide- awake. It must be said for the losers that they were troubled by the bad light. Carter and Ratcliffe wrought great havoc among the stumps, taking four wickets for ten runs and two for two respectively. J. Burrows (31) was the most successful batsman. Burrell, for the printers, did exceedingly well with the ball, taking six wickets for 19 runs.

Sankey Wire Mills found High Lqgh too hard a nut to crack, the villagers being victorious to the extent of 27. Gleave bowled in capital style, seven wickets falling for 27 runs.

Orford had difficulty in trouncing Sankey, the feature of the game being the splendid batting of Lawton who made 33 not out.

Grappenhcill 2nd entertained Btrton and gained the victory, thanks in a great measure to the bstting of Callinder, Slack, and Peters who added runs at a time when they were most needed.

Walker's Brewery gained the honour of being the first champions of the Manchester and District Brewery Cricket League by defeating Cornbrook Brewery at Arpley on Saturday. For the winners H. Cook, J. Darton and J. Dugan batted soundly. The Dargan- Norman combination was again too strong for the opposition 4 wickets for 8 runs and 5 forl2 respectively being the harvest on this occasion.

There will be a great attraction at St. Helens to-day, when the champions will meet the following team representing the League :—;1. W. Bibby (captain), J. Cresswell, T. Wright (Warrington), H. Harper and Gregory. (St. Helens Rocs), F. Finish, T. Marsh, and G. B. Leigh, (Earlestown), T. Cooke (Newton-le- Willows), S. G. Moore (Stanley), and J. Swift. (Prescot). Colonel Pilkington will present the cup and medals to the Champions at the close of the match. -- ad Bowling notes _ _

Warrington Liberal Club met WinniNton on Saturday and had to admit defeat by nine points. On the home and home matches, however, Warrington were the victors by 97.

The Conservative Club entertainei the Cemetery team and won by 27 points.

The Works Competition will be brought to a close to-day. On Thursday evening Whitecross and Wqlker's Brewery met and the bitter gained the victory, scoring 49 with two wickets to fall against Whitecross 13. Cook (15) and Cain (10) wore the top scorers for the winners and Rutter knocked up 18 for Whitecross.

There should be a good struggle for the champion- ship between Fletcher Russell's and Walker's. The match will be played at Arplev at three o'clock this afternoon and at the close the medals will be pre- presented. The teams will be composed as follows : Fletcher Rnssells : James Burrows (captain), W. Carter, W. Soodcock, John Burrows, J. Thompson, FL Berry, J. Johnson, S. Craik, E. Ratcliffe, G. Ford, A. Johnson. Walker's Brewery: H. Cook, J. Caine, .1. Dorgan, J. Darton, W. Norman, A. Holland, G. Pearson, W. Ashton, J. Milner, W. Baird, J. Mulloy. Each team will have a 50 minutes' innings.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

Bull's Head suffered a bitter disappointment on Satur- day. The County Championship was almost within their grasp, but in the final struggle they had to bow

===== 0002601_19070824_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE REV. E. J. WILLCOCKS.

Funeral at Grappenhall.

! In the peaceful ohurchyard at Grappenhall the funeral took place on Monday of the late Rev. E. J. Willcocks,. M.A., for twenty-eight years headmaster of the Waring- ton Grammar School. The large and representative attendance was a striking proof of the esteem in which the deceased gentleman was held by all sections of the community. The service was most impressive. It was WINDOW PI. INTS. conducted by the Rev. H. V. Pigot, Rector of Grappen- One begonia :-1 and 2, Joe. Kippax; 3, .I. Rutter. hall, who was accompanied by tne Rev. G. C. Briggs, One fuchsia, double :-1, E. Green ; 2, Jno. Kippax ; 3, Vicar of Christ Church, Latchford. Mr. Arthur Down, J. Rutter. One fuchsia, single :-.1 and 2, Jno. Kippax ; an" old boy," presided at the organ, and a number of 3, J. Taylor; ho, J, Rutter. One geranium :-1 and hc, the senior choristers from the Warrington Parish Church 1-L Iladdock ; 2 and 3, Jno. Kippax. One pot musk attended. The hymns sung in the church were" Let I, T. H. Ratter; 2, J. Taylor; 3 and hc, H. Maddock. saints on earth in concert sing" and 0 God our help One ivy geranium :-1, Mrs W. Maddock ; 2, J. Taylor ; in ages past" and as the congregation left the building 3, W. Duncalf ; hc, H. Maddock. Three window plants, the organist played the Dead March in" Saul." At the any variety :-I,Jno. Kippax: 2, J. Taylor ; 3, R. graveside the hymn "On the Resurrection Morning" Pennington; h c, J. Rutter. was sung. CUT FLOWERS. The principal mourners were :-Miss Willcocks Six double dahlias : 1, J. Taylor; 2, E. Heesom ; 1, (daughter), Mr. G. Waller Willcocks, Mr. Roger H. P. Cliffe. Six single dahlias: 2, F. Kippax. Six Willcocks, Mr. William K. Willcocks, of London, and cactus dahlias : 1, J. Rutter; 2, F. Kippax ; 3, T. F. Dr. Arthur D. Willcocks, Taunton (brothers), the Rev. Moss; hc, James Kippax. Six pompon dahlias: 1 J. S. Forbes, Darwen (son-in-law), Mr. J. A. Cowland, and 2, J. Taylor; 3, J. Moore; hc, J. Rutter. Six of London (brother-in-law),Mr. Charles Taylor,Horsharn asters: 1, T. O. Moss; 2, P, Cliffe ; 3, T. Grounds ; (brother-in.law), and Mr. Robert W. Willcocks and Mr. hc, J. Moore. Six carnations : 1. T. F. Moss; 2 and R. Hussey Willcocks (nephews). The two sons of the 3, E. Hankey ; hc, J. Jackson. Six pansies: 1, T. F. ' deceased are abroad,Captain R. Durant Willcocks,l.M.S. Moss; 2 and 3, W. Duncalf. Six violas : 1, T. F. being in India, and Mr. Frank E. Willcocks in South Moss ; 2 and 3, E. Hankey h c, J. IV. Wright. Six , Africa. spikes ten-week stocks: 1, T. Fleet; 2. T. Britland ; I The school staff was represented by the following 3, P. Cliffe ; hc, T. F. Moss. Six spikes gladioli : 1, assistant form masters :-Mr. G. Carruthers, Mr. F. S. P. Wright; 2, T. F. Moss. Six spikes phlox : 1, P. , Rossiter, and Mr. J. Young. Cliffe; 2, J. Taylor; 3. T. F. Moss ; h c, E. Green. ; The old Botolerians present were the Rev. Frank Three bunches of sweet peas : 1, T. Fleet ; 2, T. F. Gornall, Major Dutton Fairclough, Councillor Wilding Moss; 3, P. Cliffe; hc, T. Grounds. Six roses: 1, T, Messrs. Arthur Browne, A. Down, C. S. Burgess, C. D T. F. Moss; 2, J. Rutter; 5, J. W. Wright : hc. J. Parkinson, T. Proud, W. Forshaw, J. Richardson, E. J Jackson ; a, J. Cliffe. Six marigolds-French: 1, F. Burgess, Barnforth, M. J. Burgess, J. H. Sankey, Car- Kippax ; 2, P. Cliffe; 3, T. H. Jones. Six marigolds son, I. Sankey, Gandy, Randall, W. H. Payton,E. S. Gar- -African: 1, -1.7. H. Ratter; 2, T. F. Moss. Collec- land, Stanley Wright,Segar Owen, W. Richardson, G. R. tion of cut blooms : 2, T. F. Moss ; 2, T. H. Jones ; Williamson, Young,Nield,C. W. Loy, Connor,Poberts, E. 3' J. Taylor. j Coates, and G. H. Gill, while the present scholars who attended were: H. Dutton, J. H. Dawson, A. E. G. Cox, A. F. E. Smith, J. L. Smith, P. Crampton, A. Wright, W. M. Watkins, J. Roberts, F. 0. Stansfleld, T. C. Locker, E. W. Boulton, J. G. Strange, P. Strange, R. Strange, G. Monks, W. Monks, V. W. Bracecamp, H. Hands, A. Skinner. G. I. Carruthers, S. C. Owen, J. Collin, J. L. Lee-Jones, L. Whitehouse, C. Hayes, J. Paerson, V. Hughes, H. Turner, H. Wilding, Ashley, G. Parker, and Whyma.n. The governing body of the Grammar School were• represented by the Mayor (Alderman Smethurst), Alderman Bennett, Mr. Vero B. Davies (law clerk), Mr. W. Peter Rylands, Mr. C. S. Burgess, and Mr. Henry Roberts. The deputation from the Parish Church consisted of the Revs. T. A. J. Ridpath, T. W. Barber, and G. A. Lejenne ; Councillor Craik (Rector's warden), and Mr. Samuel raylor (people's warden, Mr. J. T. Locker, Mr. A. Simpkin, Mr. J. Wood, and Mr. T. Lloyd, parish clerk. The following headmasters of schools were also in attendance :-Mr. Ed. Wallington (Arpley-street), Mr. Geo. Brown (National), Mr. A. Corney (Wycliffe), and Mr. W. H. Stansfield (St. James's). Among others present were the Revs. B. Percival (St. Peter's), W. Bracecamp (St. Paul's), Canon Gibson Smith (Vicar of Allerton, and formerly second master of the Boteler Grammar School), G. C. Briggs; (Christ Church, Latchford ).L. J. T. Darwall (St.John's6 Walton), A. F. White (Hollins Green, and a former curate at the Parish Church), H. R. Wild (St. Luke's, Liverpool-road), J. Collins (St. Thomas's, Stockton Heath),C. Harvey Cook (Unitarian Chapel, Cairo-street), Alderman Bennett (ex-chairman of the Education Com- mittee), Alderman Tinnion, Captain 0 wen,Dr. Langdale, Captain Waring and Messrs. Chas. White, Wm. Owen, Geo. Dakin, Charles E. Parker, Gordon Roberts, R. H. Pearson, W. D. Jeans, jun., F. G. Ruddock,H. Beresford Melville, J. T. Picton, Rowson, G. W. Box (Livrepool), B. Hall, E. Haigh (Wimbledon), and W.Morris. The coffin was covered with a beautiful cross of red roses and bore a brass plate with the inscription :- "Edward John Willcocks, priest, born 11th March, 1847, died 15th August, 1907." Floral tributes were sent by the following :-" His wife and children," " Sister and brothers,"" Old Bote- lerians," "The staff of Warrington Grammar School," Old Boys' Union," servants of the Grammar School and gardener at Heathfleld, Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall, Mrs. W. Peter Rylands, Mr. C. S. Bargess,Mr. Segar Owen," F. M. and A. Appleton," Mr. J. H: Fisher (Liverpool), Mr. and Mrs. John Coxon, Mrs., Misses and Mr. T. M. Broadbent, Mrs. Joseph Harrison, Mrs. Pickmere, Mr. Robert Dobson, Miss Massy, Sirs. J. H. Cooke and family (Winsford), Rev. Dr. Hamlyn Hill (Urchfont,Devizes), Captain George Crosfield, Mr. John Hesketh and family, "Smith ma. and Smith mi.," "Agnes and Ernest Woods," "r. and Annie rimperley," Mrs. Gornall, Mr. T. H. Wright (Middlesboro'), Mr. A. S. Wright (Warrington), the Rev. H. Gorse (Liverpool), Mr. J. Malin Edelsten, Mr. C. S. Taylor (Horsham), Miss Pierpoint (St. Austin's), Mr. and Mrs. J. Price and family (Wimbledon), "Jack " and " Vernon "Price (Wimbledon). The funeral arrangements were in the hands of Mr. Ralph Johnson, the carriages being supplied by Mr. E. Connor.

VEGETABLES-

Potatoes-three varieties : 1, T. Fleet ; 2, J. Miller ; 3, E. Taylor. One cabbage-red: 1, J. Miller; 2, T. Grounds ; 3, E. Heesom. One cabbage-white : 1, J. Muskett : 2, W. Duncalf ; 3, J. H. Done. Two cauliflowers: 1. J. Miller; 2, J. Moore ; 3, H. Maddock. Six Onions : 1, T. Fleet ; 2, T. Grounds ; 3. E. Green. Twelue shallots : 1, W. Duncalf : 2, .1. Moore; 3, T. Wilkinson. Six leeks : 1 and 2, F'. Kippax: 3, J. Moore. Twelve pods of peas : 1, H. Williams ; 2, J. Miller ; 3, T. Grounds. Six pods of broad beans: 1, T. Grounds: 2, J. Miller; 3, E. HePsom. Twelve pods of French beans: 1, T. Fleet ; 2, F. Kippax; 3, J. W. Wright. Twelve pods of scarlet beans : 1, T. H. Rutter ; 2, J. Cliffe ; 3, F. Kippax. Two sticks celery, white: 1, J. Moore; 2, T. F. Moss ; 3, T. Fleet. Two sticks celery, red or pink : 1, Jno. Kippax; 2, Jas. Kippax; 3, J. Moore. One vegetable marrow, white : 1, T. Grounds ; 2, E. Taylor ; 3,T. H. Rutter. One vegetable marrow,green 1, E. Taylor; 2, T. H. Rutter; 3, J. W. Wright. Two vegetible marrows, green or white: 1, E. Taylor ; 2, E. Green. Two cabbage lettuce: 1, E. Taylor ; 2, J. Miller ; 3, E. Hankey. Two cos. lettuce : 1, Jno. Kippax; 2, T. H. Ratter; 3, E. Taylor. Six carrots : I, T. Grounds; 2, R. Pennington ; 3, J. Miller. Six turnips: 1, J. Cliffe; 2, T. H. Rutter; 3, Jno. Kippax. Three beetroot : 1, J. Moore ; 2, T. Fleet ; 3, T. Grounds. Six parsnips: 1, J. H. Done; 2, T. Grounds; 3, Jno. Kippax, Twelve sprays parsley: 1, J. Taylor ; 2, G. Green; 3, J. FL Done. Six tomatoes, red : 1, P. Cliffe ; 2, F. Kippax. Six sticks of rhubarb : 1, J. Moore; 2, H. Maddock; 3, F. Kippax. Collection of vegetables: 1, T. Grounds; 2, F. Kippax; 3, J. Moore; 4, H. Maddock.

PULPIT REFERENCE.

Preaching at the Parish Church, on Sunday evening, the Rev. T. W. Barber sAid they had all sustained a great loss by Mr. Willcock's removal, and he could not allow that occasion to pass without referring to it. His death was a sad loss to the cause of education as well as to the town in general. All who had had the pleasure of knowing Mr. Willcocks intimately would cheerfully admit that he was the personification of Christian kindness. He was a man amongst men—not "one of the best," but the best of the best. The ways of God were inscrutable, and past finding out, and as they bowed their beads to the dictum of Providence they prayed that sustaining grace might be granted to the members of the stricken family in the hour of their bereavement.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
FRUIT.

One dish apples, cooking: 1, T. Grounds; 2, A. Platt; 3, J. H. Done. One dish apples, desert: 1, A. Platt; 2, E. Hankey; 3, R. Pennington. One dish pears : 1, J. Miller : 2, T. F. Moss ; 3, .T. W. Wright. One dish gooseberries : 1, J. Moore ; 2. T. H. Done ; 3, T. H. Rutter. One dish currants, red: 1 and 2, J. Taylor; 3, T. H. Rutter. One dish currants, black : 1, T. :hounds; 2, J. Taylor; 3, T. F. Moss. One dish plums: 1, T. H. Rutter ; 2, W. Btll ; 3, E. Heesom.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
MISCELLANEOUS CLASSES:

Collection of wild flowers and grasses, children between the ages of 12 and 15: 1, E. Dutton; 2, Jno. Kippax ; 3, Jas. Kippax ; consolation prize C. Dutton. Children under 12: 1, S. Plant; 2, A. Kippax ; 3, E. Bannister: 4, F. Cliffe.

_ Special pri,zPs given by Lady Greensll, for the prettiest floral decorations for the dinner table. Lady competitors only: 1, Miss Woods; 2, Mrs. Moss ; 3, Miss M. H. Earp. Four lib pots honey: 1, F. Hatton; 2 J. Ward; 3, J. Acton; hc, J. Parkinson. Three sections comb honey: 1, J. Percival ; 2, F. Wilkinson; 3, F. Hatton. Six Brown flea Eggs: 1, Exors. J. Black Shaw ; 2, G. J. Baxter; 3, J. Tinsley; hc, E. Heesom. Six white hen eggs: 1, Exors. Blackshaw ; 2, R. Billington ; 3, G. Blackshaw ; hc, G. J. Baxter and J. Dobson.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
FARMERS ONLY.

Potatoes, three varieties : 1, T. Warburton; 2, R. L. Warburton; 3, H. Mawdsley. Three swede turnips: 1, W. Blackshaw ; 2, T. Billington ; 3, R. Billington; hc, J. Darbyshire. Three common turnips: 1, J. Dobson; 2, W. Fowles; 3, R. Billington. Two ox cabbage: 1, W. Hall ; 2, J. Dobson. Three ruangolds, red : 1, R. L. Warburton ; 2, T. Warburton ; 3, and hc, H. Brocklehurst. Three yellow mangolds : 1, R. L. Warbqrton ; 2, F. Moore; 3, R. Bill:ngton ; he, H. Brocklehurst. Twenty-four ears wheat: 1, L. Leather; 2, Mrs. Clare; 3, T. Percival ; hc, R. L. Warburton; Twenty-four ears oats, white: 1, T. Percival ; 2, T. Billington; 3, H. Brocklehurst ; hc, L. Leather. Butter, 4 half pounds: 1, J. Renshaw; 2, Mrs. Clare ; 3, J. Darbyshire. Ehree yellow mangolds : 1, H. Brocklehurst; 2, T. Warburton; 3, R. L. Warburton. Three swede turnips : 1, T. Billington ; 2, IL L. War- burton ; hc, Mrs. Clare. Three swede turnips : 1, W. Blacksbaw ; 2, R. Billington; hc, Exors. J. Btackshaw. Three yellow globe man,golds (Garton's prize) : 1, %V. Blackshaw. Three swede turnips (Carton's prize) : 1, T. Billington ; 2, J. Darbyshire ; hc, W. Blackshavv. Three yellow globe mangolds : 1, T. Warburton; 2, R. Billington; hc, T. Billington. Three purple or green-top swedes : 1, T. Billington; 2, R. Billington; hc, W. Fowles. Six rnangolds : 1, T. Warburton ; 2, R. L. Warburton; 3, W. Fowles. Six swedes : 1, T. Billington; 2, R. L. Warburton ; 3, G. J. Baxter; ho. W. Powleet. Box of potatoes : 1, T. Warburton; 2, R. L. Warburton ; 3, G. J. Baxter.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTIFUL WARRINGTON. -- A Word to the Children.

My dear Beautiful Warrington children,—l've been wondering if you would not like to hear something about tbis dear old town of ours, which you are trying to make beautiful, clean and tidy ; but I'm thinking this is not yet the aim of every boy and girl in War- rington, because I notice that many walls are disfigured with chalk markings and the streets are still littered with paper and fruit pee!ings. Perhaps the culprits are the tiny tots who are not old enough to attend school and hear about our Beautiful Society. Will the older boys and girls toll the little ones about what they are trying to do for our town ? Then the little ones will not spoil the walls by making ugly chalk marks on them and they can put their toffee papers in the waste paper baskets.

You know, in the country, there are no waste paper baskets placed in the lanes. I have been spending my holidays in a very quiet country place. One day,when was taking a walk down a beautiful lane, I saw in the distance, a very nice old gentleman standing by a bon- fire of paper. I thought it was only naughty little boys who played with fire, but here was a nicely- dressed gentleman, very seriously stirring the paper together with his walking-stick, while his pretty brown doggie sat watching him. I supnose I must have looked very surprised when I reached the gentleman, for he turned to me and said with a smile, "I am destroying the paper which makes the lane so untidy." You see, children, some thoughtless people had thrown the paper in the lane, and the old gentleman saw how it was spoiling the beauty of the lane and he was removing the nuisance. Was it not kind of him? Will not you try to follow his example? I don't mean you to burn the paper, because it is dangerous for children to play with fire, but put it in the baskets, which the Beautiful Society has so kindly placed in the streets and playgrounds. I was going to tell you something about our old town, but I think this letter is long enough so I must leave it for another time.

I hope all who can, will pay a visit to the Flower Show and if you have not a plant to bring to the exhibition this time, gather a bunch of wild flowers, arrange them very prettily and see if you cannot win a prize.—I am, deir children, yours affectionately.

V.M.T.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church.

A revival mission is being conducted in the above church by the Rev. W. R. Bird. It commenced on Sunday morning, and will be concluded on Monday evening by the holding of a tea meeting. The services on Sunday were particularly successful, the church being crowded in the evening, and there bad been good at tsndances during the week. There is reason to believe that the mission is being successful.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Services for Sunday

Bold-street Wesleyan Church : Morning. 10.30, Rev. William Mellor: evening, 6.30. Rev. J. Manning. (Farewell servirel. Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church: Morning 10.30 and evening 6.30. Rev. W. B. Bunn. Latchford Baptist Chnrch : Morning 10.30 and even- ing 6.0, Mr. Walter Carter. Golborne-strecst Baptist Church: Morning, 10.30, Councillor J. Ball; evening, 6.30, Mr. John Upson.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WAY TO A MAN'S HEART.

The old saying that the way to a man's heart is- down his throat may hays been correct at some time; but if he suffers from his liver no amount of good meals - will make him more lovable or cheerful. At this time of the year the liver is very liable to get out of order ; then follows lassitude, headache, shortness of temper. An eminent authority prescribes: Tincture of Buchu, one ounce; Karox Compound, one ounce; Syrup of Lemon, two ounces; which, if taken in doses of a tea- spoonful after each meal and at bedtime, is said to correct the trouble quickly. Any chemist keeps these ingredients, and will make the prescription up, or it may be mixed at home. This simple remedy also has a peculiar healing and soothing effect upon the entire Kidney and Urinary structure, often overcoming the worst forms of back- ache and bladder weakness in juat a little while. This mixture is said to remove all blood disorders and relieve, Rheumatism. Our readers should try it for a week and. note result.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET. (Cont.nued from Page 7).

WARRINGTON TIICRSDAY V. MILLINGS.—PIayed oD the Arpley enclosure on Thursday. Scores :

MILLINGS. WARRINGTON THURSDAY. Pickersgill b Taylor 0 W. H. Podmore c Warren b Podmore Teece St Brooks b P. Taylor b Warren ... 32 Podmore Sproson run out 2 Pickersgill Jordan b Taylor 0 R. H. Foster b Leask 36 Leask at Brooks b W. C. Brooks c Teece b Podmore 3 Leask l4 Jylks c Bate b Podmore 1 .1. W. Wells b Warren 10 Isherwood b Taylor Pearse cWells bPodmore 5 J. Wain wri g h t b Howard not out 0 Sproson 0 Platt b Taylor E. White run out Extras

Extras 3

-Total l9 Total (for 10 wkts)l2o-

Warrington.—Printed and published by JOAN WALKER it Co., at The Examiner General Printing Works Bewsey-street, and published by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES: 32, George-street, ST. HELRNS: 3, Market- treet, EARLESToWN; Church-street RUNCORN Aug 24th 1907.

===== 0002601_19070824_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, . ,

===== 0002601_19070824_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CEIIIRCH, BRWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), AUGUST 25, 1907. PREACHER REV. J. ',TONGS. 10.30 AND 6.30. ANNUAL OOLLVOTIONS FOR COOKHRDGB MISSION.

BOLD STEN:ET WEmLEYAN CHURCH. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AUGUST 25711,1907. Morning 10 30. rev. WILLIAM MELLOR. Evening R. 30. RPV. J. MANNING, (Farewell Service.) All welcome. Hymn Flool4s provided.

BE WS EY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. vvARRINGrON. ON SUNDAY NEX AUGUST 25TH. 197. Bev. W. B. MOM. Morning 1(1 30: Evening A 30 : All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

BAPTIST CHURCH. LATCEPOit TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AUGUST 26TH, 1907. rEPACHER MR. WAY TBR CARTER. Morning 10.30. Nvening 6. OSPBRTORIRS.

BAPIIST CRIIRCIT. GoLBORNA; STREET. TO-MORROW ,RTINDAY) AUGUST 25Tit. "PnrAcurns : MownitrO : CoUNOILT OR JAMBS BALL. RVRIONG : MR. JOHN UPSON. Hymn Rook., provided Everybody welCome. Wpclnesdny Evening Service 8.15.

INDKPENDRNTBnIIR PARTY. MEETINGS AT BRIDGE VOOT. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AT/GrsiT 25TP, AT 7 P.M. P. W. POTTER OP OLDHAM. MONDAY NPXT, 26T0, AT 7.30 P.M. COUTIMLLORS BALL AND STOTT.

THE LA'S REV. E. J. WILLCOCK9, M.A. MEMORIAL SERVICE AT THE PARISH CHURCH ON SUNDAY NEXT, 10.33 A.m. PREACHER :- 11 13 V . CANON GIBSON SMITH, MA., Vicar of Allerton, Liverpool.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. MONDAY MOM AUGUST MIT Am, MIRING THE WEFIC RATITRN VT.IT np MR.. G. CARLTON WALLACE'S COMPANY, IN THE BEAUTIFUL MODERN LOVE noII'ANCE "THE LOVE THAT WOMEN DESIRE." Times and prices as usual. Seats booked at the Theatre from 11 to 1 daily.

WARRINGTON FOOTBALL CLUB. MIIMBERS' SMOKING CONCERT. PARR HALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3RD. DOORS OPEN 7.15. COMMENCE 7.45. ALL MEMBER 9 CORDIALLY INVITED.

WHITS CITY, OLD PR t.F FORD MANCHRSTRR.—A PARK OF FUN. A CITY OW DRUGHT. omit DAILY FROM 12;40 TO 11.0 P.M. THR FINRST BANDS IN THE WORLD (FRRRN. MOST GRANDIOSE ILLUMINATIONR ON RARTH (FREE) GREAT AMBRICAN CIRCUS (FR1311). WATIIR PANTOMIME ON THil LAKR (PRIN.) BALL ROOM. SKATING RINK. NUMRROUS AT?RACTIONS. ADMISSION SIXPENCE.—(Telephone 4446 Central).

BY THR BRITISH ROYAL-MAIL ROUTE, VI A HARWICH AND THE HOOK OF HOLLAND. CORRIDOR VESTIBULED MAIN& Dining and Rreskiast Cs re between Lincoln and Harwich. send post-card to W. PowNALL, H.B.R..B2,Portiand-street, Manchester, for descriptive illustrated pamphlet (free).

nEIESFIIRE COUNTY COUNCIL—A number of ) SCHOLARRHIPS for Females are offered to give thorough instruction in Dairy Work, and are tenable for 14 weeks at the Dairy Institute, Worieston, commencing September 17th, 1907. Forms of Application can be obtained from the Director of Itiucatioß, pity rd., Chester, to whom they should be returned not later than Auftust 31st 19C7,

"IiAT ARRINGTON R DUCATION COMMITTEE. RR-OPRNING OF sounoLs. DAY SrHOOT, OF ART : HvAn MAPTitn : PLARBNOR MAWSUN, A.R.C.A. On MONDAY, 2rin SRPTRMEIRTI, 1907, OfiNTRAL THOHNICAL INSTITITTR : PRINCIPAL R. S. A. R^TISON, M. 0., RVHNING SCHOOT, OF ART AND 13RANOH TECHNICAT, SCHOOLS on Mondsy, 9th September, 1907. Syllabus and further particulars mav be obtained from the Headmasters and Superintendents of the Schools or from Bducstion Offioe, Sankey Street. J. MOORE{ MURRAY, M.Sc., 13th August. 1907.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF' W ARRINGTON.- ADIMATION COMMITTRI4 TO CONTRACTORS AND PAVIO9B. The EDUCATION fIOMMITTRI9 are prepared to receive TENDRItS for the covering of Playgrounds, Ac., at the "BOLTON" COUNCIL SCHOOL, Latchford, Warrington, With asphalte, concrete laid in ritu, or any approved patent form of raving The Specification and Form of Tender may be obtained from the Architects (MESSRS. J. E. WRIGHT, GARNRTT & WRIIHT, 45. Sankey st , Warrington,) Cod the Tenders must he forwarded, in the envelope provided, by not later then the 6th September, 1907. Education Office, J. MOORII MURRAY, M.So., Warrington. Secretary and Director. 14th August. 1907.

lIVERPooT, & NORTH WALES REGULAR DAILY RAILINGS From Prince's Stage (weather Re.. Dermitting). livery Pay Rt 10.45 a.m. by La MAtiOURRITit (Fridays, Sr. T(inNO) for T,LANDITTINO. KCAL/MARIS, BANGnit and MIOTAI BRIDGE, dm, back 7.30 p.m. CArnarvon connection, week-days RXTR A g 230 p.m. Mottnay., FRIDAYS, SATURDAYS, Augue. Rarly Boat on MottrAva doe Liverpool at 10.15 a.m. 9.15 a.m. ST. TTIDNO WFDNIESDAY 28th. for LTA N 111.111140 and HOLTHRAD due NO( Bpm 915 a.m. ANGLBRHY TRIPS, THURSDAY 29th, also SUNDAY Rept, Ist. Through Bookings from Principal Stations. Pot Fares, &c., apply Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Co., T. G. Brew. gee., 40, Chapel-street, Liverpool. Official Guide post free 3d.

I) Ti I iVI AGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE AC E OF PERFECTION. BHEIPPIBL MAK% WARBANTBD, POST PSBR 2r. Bd., 39., 4e. /6n., AND sa. Ss J. 0. DODD. 10, ST, JOHN'S LASB.GLIVBRPOOL. Made And Ground By Bnglieh Labour.

LANGLANDS SATTANGS. TO GREENOCK ANT/ nLASOnW. fi PRINCESS LOUISE " nit OTH SR STEAMER. W'rom LIVERPOOL From GLAsGOVir (Clarence Dock.) (Berths No. 22-28, North Side) sat. Aug. 23th 10 p.m. Tues. Aug. 9.7 th 2 p.m. *6,c p.m. Thurs. Aug. 29th 2 p.m. Set. Aug. 31st 2 p.m. *9.30 p.m. Tues. Sept. 3rd 7 p.m. 'lbws. Sept. sth 2 p.m..13.'11 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central.) enenial reduced through tickets from Warrington, Widnes &c. Single, let Class and Cabin lie. Sd.;Single,3r4 Class end Steerage 6s. Return (valid for two months) let Class and Cabin 18s. ; 3rd Class and Cabin, 17s. No.—The above fares Include the railway journey between Greenock end Glasgow (Central). Special 14 days Excursion Tickets Cabin 145., Steerage 81.3 d M. bANGLAN DR AND SONS, 14, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER. In. RUMFORD PLACE, LIVERPOOL. ÜBLIN, ALSO ENGLISH LAK ES. TEL/CASTLE LINE. „ F.% BLACKROCK," "CUMBRIA," " EBLANA." and 1' &DELA," from SOUTH Side, NELSON DOCK. Liverpool, -livery Tuesday, Wednesday. Friday and Saturday, to bUBLIN. Retnrn Saloon, 10s. ; Steerage, ss. with Cheap 12venrsion Tickets LIVERY SAILING DAY, to Bray, wickiow, Avoca, and on Fridays and Saturday:l to Killarney, (York, 13nndorart, Warrenpnint. &c. 10s. Return .lelonn to Dublin. or lls, including admission to Trish International Exhibition. Prirest S.S. I•I3LACK ROCK" every Tnesday end Friday from Liyerponl, and every Monday end Wednesday from Dublin. SPECIAL ROUND SEA TRIP. per "Cumbria," Every Saturday, to Whitehaven. giving 3 days for English Lakes, thence to Dublin, and back Liverpool (6 days, or within 2 months). Saloon. Vs. _Apply TEL/CASTLE, McCORMICK & CO.. LTD., Liver- PQM. Telegrams, fi Tedcastle." Telephone 975.

MILITARY BAND INSTRUMENT MANUFACTURERS. B. J. WARD & SONS, io, ST. ANNE ST., LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHED 1803. REED BAND INSTRUMENTS AND FITTINGS. CONCERTINA BANDS. Brass Band of 12 £23 17s. Fife and Drum Band of 17 £7 17s. Bugle and Drum Band of 9 ESTIMATES FOR ANY NUMBER OF INSTRUMENTS. MUSIC STANDS Is. 93., 2s. 6d.. 3s. 6cl. TO 15s. REPAIRS BY EXPERIENCED WORKMEN UNDER PERSONAL SUPERVISION. ACETYLENE BAND LAMPS. APPLY FOR PARTICULARS.

NOW ON SALE. DON'T BUY A FOOTBALL ANNUAL TILL YOU HAVE SEEN OURS.

THE WARRINGTON FOOTBALL ANNUAL AND SPORTS RECORD

T" ORPORATION OF WARRINGTON IS PRBPARIII3 to 1030FIVi4 LOANS, either at six months notice or for a term of years. Application to be made to the Boxouus TREAMIER, Municipal Offices, Warrington.

An invaulable publication for all Warrington FOOTBALLERS CRICKETERS RUNNER 4 CYCLISTS SWIMMERS BOWLERS, lITC. It will contain a short History of the Warrington F.C. first team and "A " item fix.ures, Northern League fixtures, Warringtou and District Association League fixtures, foga scoring records and fac.s often asked about, cup-tie chronicles (Rugby and Associa- tion), swimming, running, and cycling records, the Works Cricket Competition, the addresses of the secretaries of all Warrington football, ashletio, ant sporting clubs, together with PORTRAITS OF MESSRS. WARREN, PEMBERTON & ASHTON (the Officials of the Warrington P. 0.), D. ISHER- WOOD (the popular Warrington f three-quarter), Mr. JAMBS DODDS (President of the Warrington and District Association League and Donor of the Championship shield), Mr. C. T. COX (ton. secre- tary rof the League), and C. BERRY, the crack WarringtonSCyclist.r The "WARRINGTON FOOTBALL ANNUAL & SPORTS RECORD" will be an indievensible ENCYCLOPIEDIA OF LOCAL SPORT. 70 PAGES FOR ID. NOW ()N SALE. AT ALL NEWSAGENTS, AND AT THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 117- BEWSEY OT., %'V ARRINGTON.

BIRKBECK BANK. ESTABLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BCILDING(4, HIGH HOLBORN, W.C. PER CENT. INTEREST allowed on Deposit Accounts. 2 PHB CENT. INTEREST on Drawing Accounts with Cheqee Book. All General Banking Business Transacted. ALMANACK, wiTh FULL PARTICULARS. POST FREE. C. F. RAVRIitsCROFY, BRORETABY HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per oa. COVERLETTE I TAILS OP ) Plum HAIR FRAMES, PURE 'f• 5/6 nom 3/6 EACH. HAIR. T S BROWN, 3, LIMB ST (CAR STATION). LIVERPOOL.

NEW BRIGHTON.—SCHOOL TRKATS AND PARTIES °ATRIUM FOR BY HEMINGWAY, BATOR?, VICTORIA ROAD, Rooms and Utensils on Hire; accommod stion about 4O; opposite Tower Entrance. Egerton st., New Brighton.

MARY ATHRICION DECEA.SICD. ALL PERSONS RAVING ANY CLAIMS AGAINST THR RSTATR of Mary Atherton late of 16, Irroghall lane,Warrrington, Spinster, deceased, are requested to forthwith send particulars thereof in writing to WOODS & SON, 55, Itorsemarket it.. Warrington. Solicitors for the lixecutors.

MISS HIPKISS. DESIRES TO INFORM HER NUMEROUS PATRONS THAT SHE HAS REMOVED THOM 175, BEWSEY ROAD TO 4, LODGE LANE, BEWSEY ROAD. HIGH CLASS DRESSMAKING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES.

GENUINE We are the authorised EDISON RECORDS Wholesale Selling Agants for REDUCED THOMAS A. EDISON TO 1/- PHONOGRAPHS A RECORDS. Catalogues and Lists Free. RELIANCE GREAT STORES, 29 A 31, MANCHESTER ST., LIVERPOOL.

NOW IS THE TINES TO INSURE. JACKSON ROL DI E S CJ. MI:TRANCE EXPERT, BIARKIIT-G &TB WARRINGTON. Special Rates quoted for Workmen's Compensation, Servants' Insurance, Personal Accident Insurance. Surveys made for Fire Insurance Free of Chsrge• Bates quoted from all the offices, tariff and non-tariff. Life Assurance Policies arranged on advantageous terms. Telephone 352 x.

TO PROPERTY OWNERS AND OTHERS. v v ILLIAM HARTILL, PAINTER, PAPERHANGER & DECORATOR, 177, LONGFORD STREET, (OFF ORFORD LANE), WARRINGTON. REASONABLE CHARGES, DISTANCE NO OBJECT.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL. KINDS, SICKNESS, BM PLOYBRS' LIABILITY, BURGLARY AND . FIDELITY GUARANTRII RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THB RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1.003,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,000,0f1u 84, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN. Secretary MANCHRSTBR OFFICE: 18 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Bridge St. Mr, W.H. RIGBBY, Nessoll ffe, Vi etoria-rd.,Latch ford St Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-stret t Haydock Mr. J. BILLINGE The Willows Sandbach

LEFT-OFB' CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.—BEST PRICE for parcels forwarded; if not approved Goods Returned, CARRI AG HP AID . Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, THEATRICAL, BAND UNIFORMS. LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRIOR. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES. COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. VORTMANTBAUS, 2nd-Lend. Very low prices. ARMY IROUSERS,SHIHTS,I3I4UCHERS,WELLINGrONS. CARDIGANS, OILSKINS, POLICE CAPES, GORMAN'S. 328, 328, and 340, DeansErate, Manchester. Betabllshed 80 Years. Telephone No 4138,

PIERPoiNT AND GO.. PRIZE MEDAL BAKERY, 125, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST HOUSEHOLD BREAD. SPECIAL VALUE IN FLOUR. SELF-RAISING FLOUR. HARD TO PEAT.

HORTON'6 ORIGINAL BSNEDICT PILLS FOR FEMALES. In a few days correct all irregularities and remove all obstruction.; also cure Anaemia, a9d cause no Injury; to the married or single are invalusble. By post, under cover, for Is. Jl. or 21. 91., from G. D. HORTON (late Maid Dispenser from Birmingham Lying.in Hospital), Dept. 55 Aston road, North. Birmingham. Sold over 40 Vears,SUPPLIED DIREOT ONLY. 3ILDOM EVER FAIL. Alt Ladies should tend for a free sample of Improved anitary Towel, and interestina booklet post free.

0-ED6EB'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST WEE OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS. AND DRUGGISTS :N CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND 18. BD., EACH WHOLIESALA, BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD, WARRINGTON.

THE LATEST SONG SUCC ES.—By GODFREY A.NDROS & HOWARD AYNTBY. ' SING MB A SONG.' TUB MAID OF GIINIIVA.' dONG OF TUB BELL.' • ONE WORD Price ls. 6d. net cash each, pnst free. HOWARD AYNSTET, 12, ANYBLEY Panr, LONDON, 8.8. And of all Masi?) Sellers.

BOT•BLIOHRL 1833. iM PS. rt HOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "EXAMINEE " OFFICE, 33 DIATOM STREET, HARLRSTOWN. FANCY STATIONERY SUITABLE FOR PRHIENTS.

DIARRHCEA. During the last half-century everyone • travelling in hot climes bas made a point of carrying some DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, so :as to stop immediately an attack of DIARRHCEA, DYSENTERY OR HOLERA. Hot weather in the British Isles strikes suddenh , and everyone should takes little precaution. Don't wait till you actually need the Chlorodyne but always keep it by you. Avoid disappointment and insist on having DR* J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. IT ACTS LIKE A CHARM. Of all Chemists it. 11d., 2s. 91. and 4s. 6d.

THOMAS EDISON'S JULY RECORDS IN STOCK. Don't miss VESTA TILLEY'S " ALGY," also Sterling, Edison Bell July Records .nery Title in Stock. A treat, the Waltz from the " MERRY. WIDOW," the rage of England. Full Stock of GRAMOPHONE AND ZONOPHONE RECORDS AT JAKE GRAHAM'S, 76, RENSHAW ST, (Bold St. end) AND 271, PARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Tel. 56X Royal. INGERSOL WATCHEs. 5.. POST FREW GITARANTRADFnR 5 YPARE.

I\TURSES ! NURSttS ! ! IsillfisES!!! MALE OR FEMALE. ANY CASE, ANY DISTANCE. NIGHT OR DAY. LIVERPOOL MALE AND FEMALE NURSES' INSTITUTION, (ESTABLISHED :0 YEARS). 110 PE HOt 5t4:,14.0P4 ST.. LITERPOOL. Telephone : 2570 Royal. Telegrams : "Nurses." Liverpoll.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY FIVE YEARS THOUsANDS oh' LADIES HAVs DERIVED GREAT BENEFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FRMALIC P 114114, HAVE HAD A WORLD-WIDIC REPUTATION AS A BOON 'TO WOMANKIND They are the best known Hemedy for Anzetnla Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite.Hysteria,Palpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, ami all Female Ailments. Boxes 9id. Is. lid.. 2s 9d.45. 6d. and Ils. DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS PILE AND CONSTIP4.IION CURE. A positive Specific for Piles and Constipation, and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. Bottles 2/9. 4/6. 11/-, by post 3d. extra, 309 PORTOBELLO-ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON, W. (Only Address).

CITy oF DUIsLaiN STEAM PACKhT COMPANY. IRISH INTERNATIONAL EXHIBIT lON DUBLIN, MAY TO OCTOBER. -- LIVERPOOL AND DUBLIN (W PE DAYS). FAST STEAMERS EACH MORNING AND EVENING. Cheap Tickets (tumble Journey, Saloon 139. 6d.; Deck 59. issued every Week-day for Day Steamers. Cheap 'Musts (Double Journey, Saloon 155. ; Deck!.. 6d.) issued Friday and Saturdays for Day or Night Steamers. Cheap Bookings also to Killarney, Connemara, etc., etc. Tickets, hours of railing, etc., rr ay be had at the Com- pany's Office, 13, Water St., Liverpool, or any ot Messrs. not. Cook and Sons, Offices.

Messrs. Edwin Richardson & Son, Ltd. WHOLESALE and RETAIL GROCERS and PROVISION MERCHANTS, 41, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON, Beg to inform the public and all Customers of MESSRS. M. BOWDEN & SONS, OF WARRINGTON, that they have arranged to take over as from Monday next, August 26th, the whole of the Stock-in-Trade and Goodwill of the firm of MESSRS. M. BOWDEN & SONS, Bank Buildings, 99, Sankey Street, Warrington. It is not our intention to continue the tenancy of the Sankey Street Premises, but to transfer all business to our new premises at the present address— HOWARD BUILDINGS, 41, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. Customers will be waited upon as in the past by our represen- tatives at the usual periods.

SRI4.:CIAL DISPLAY OF ORIENTAL RUGS AND MATS, JAPANESE TRAYS, KNIFE BASKETS, DINNER MATS ETC., SEE WINDOWS. E. COATES, 72, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

ii,REcuBA » MIXTURE (COARSE CUT) MILD AND MEDIUM. 6d. Per Ounce. T. SUDLOW & CO., WARRINGTON. TEL. 414 Y.

FOR REALLY GOOD TAILORING, WHETHER LADIES OR GENTLEMEN'S, GO TO H. S. PAGE & CO., 74, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON. WE STUDY YOUR WANTS AND LAY OURSELVES OUT TO SUPPLY THEM

ORDER NOW, sir YLISI-I SUITS FOR SUMMER, GRAIKO, 36, BUTTERMVAULTITIREET,

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS. 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Lerge Assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presenta, School Prima, Ac. Terms Moderate. REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYEE OF PICTURES BY WATTS. ROSSEITI, and BURNE-JONBS.tAUTOTYPE IzEPHODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

PRIVATBLOANS.-£lO, repayable 15s. monthly; large amounts in proportion; distance no object ; forms free —F. hurnAND, 28. Inglis rd., Croydon.

PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL. AM) UPWARDS advanced without delay on BORROWERS' OWN SIGNATURE, or on FURNITURE, STOOK, PLANT, &c. (without removal.) All business personally conducted to assure STRICTEST PRIVACY. Call or write In confidence to actual lender— J. B. ELTON, 38, CHURCH STREW'', LIVERPOOL.

CIASH ACCOMMODATION, to Gll respectable k / and trustworthy persons, on these terms : £5 Repay £5 12s. 6d. RIO £lb £0 £SO £SO £IOO Call or write to Actual Lendtr, W. JACKSON, 26, CORPORATION ST., 51A.NCHR*TRP. Tel 2247.

TO £SOOO.—WHY! WHY!! WHY ! ! 50r..,•/ sell, pawn or let your friends know that you ore short of a little ready cash. We have plenty of money, and are willing to lend you part of it at a very low rate of interest and an easy repayment can be arranged according to your income. £5 loan l/6 weekly I £2O loan 5/- weekly £lO loan 3/- weekly I E 43 loan 10/- weekly larger sums in same proportion, other terms as mutually agreed upon. Don't Pay 2/6 in the E for a month. So don't fail to give us a call or write and convince yourself that our terms cannot be beaten.—APPLY To 53 AUHIO El a CO., 31, CAIRO Sr.. WAFIEUNGTOIg. DHSS COTTFIRILL. MANAGEBEss. LB,—Read this carefully, what you cannot understand, we will explslin; we mean nothing but tonest and straight- forward dealings. Letters promptly atteaded too.

J 5 TO SPECIAL TERMS FOR THE HOLIDAYS. IT IS WORTH YOUR WHILE TO GIVE lUS A TRIAL On RECEIPT of your Application My MANAGER will call anon you and Lend you what you require on the foil ow • ing terms. E 5 ... 1/6 weekly 110 ... 2/6 weekly 2/- „ i 5 ... 3/6 „ Z'2o ~. 4/6 weekly Larger amounts in proportion. For Prospectus Apply or write to • J. ENNINGQ, 4, PARKER ST., (SANKEY ST.,) WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT AT SHORT _LI °TICE. ADVANCES of large or small amounts (not less than £10) granted WITHOUT DELAY on promissory note only. NO BILLS OF SALM TAKEN. MODERATE TERMS. NO APPLICATION FRES. BUSINESS CONDUCTED STRAIGHTFORWARDLY. Full information supplied either personally or by post FREE OF CO T, and all enquiries 'TREATED WIT 4 CONFIDENCE. Repayments arranged to suit borrower's convenience. Apply to : GEORGE PAYNE 20, KENNKLY ST., COOPER ST., MANCHESTER. OR 116, SCHOOL LANE, LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHBD 1870.

WIDNRS. £5. £7, £lO, £2O. £3O. £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRTVATELY to TRADES. MEN. FARMERS, WORKINGMHN, and all Respect• tie Householders. on their own security, without delay, on our simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DRALINGS. Id. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBBRS, WIDNEIS. Fool' 07 THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN R. GOODWIN. N.B.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

Bukexpont.--MA.R.DETI'S Central BOARDING HOtTEIII, 6, Queen erinare, close to parade, North pier, trauts,and an amusements ; terms moderate; tariff sent.

BINH GLIM HOUSK, Bushmills. Ireland.—Comfortable BOARD and LODGINGS at above address ; terms moierate.—Appiy DANIEL J AMIESON, mounted rural postman* CIRBBTOWEL Kirkcudbrightshire. lILLANGOVIAN VJ HOTHL. Ksrefolent cuisine, Splendid rolms. Post• ing and Motor accommodation. Moderate terms.

nUt4OOA.-WHLLINGTON HOTEL, West Bay. Under New Manageme st. Unsurpassed for comfort, attention and moderate charges. Nearest Golf Course. Board 6s. 61. Day. Week-ands, 13s. 6d. Tariff on application.

DOUGLAS.—Dodowneth's Boarding House,on the Questp's Promenade, facing sea; liberal table, good cooking pleasant company ; terms 5s 64 per day, no extras.—Po furthur particulars apply to WILLIAM W. DOI:MVO/MR Proprietor. LIIGHOLIPPB-ON-qBA., HANT9. GLOBE HOTEL (opposite the Needles, Isle of Wight). Terms moderate.

J' ARR OGATlL—Beplanade Private Hotel. 32, Montpellier- parade, near wella and bathe; good cuisine; moderate terms.—Mrs. FIELDING.

ONDMV.—Alblon Hotel, 145447, GRAII.3 IN RD. Bed- II A room and Breakfast, from 2e.; light and attendance free.

LANDU ONO. ORMPISCLIFFE BOARDING RSTAB- .II 7,14146813 NT. Promenade.fiezreation, Room for Dancing Etc., Billiards. Moderate.

11D&YING MASTS received. superior Farmhouse, near 1 Harrogate ; *booting. fiAhing, driving.—Mrs. DkanLOVIC. Graggbill, 'Holey. Yorkshire.

rA 13118 NT HOTEL. LL4NPAIRPIIOII4.N.—Obarming Mountain and Sea Views from all windows; croquet; bidiarde ; posting; offleially appointed by the A..0.G.13. and I. ; excellent euissie. Telepbone No. 0199. Telegrams 'Queens."—w. B. TARR. Proprietor.

ATISITORti to Dublin will find the NATIONAL HOTBL. V BLAOICHALL ST. (near Q it. Bridge) comfortable and moderate.—Appi 5, Mrs. WELDON, LANDUDNO.—GOULDING'S PRIVATE HOTEL.—" Gould- fog'. have made a new lounge," Goulding's Roo' value give; " Hark," and I'll tell voo just bow we five—coup, beef, lamb, veal, chicken and nap, pudding and tart, and more if you wisb.

LONDON. W ILD'S TICIIPEIR ANC& HOTELS L15117E10. 34 TO 40 LIIDGATII HILL, ALSO AT 70 A 71, RUSTON SQUASH. lIONE CONIVORTB, CLEANLINESS AND QUINT! CENTRAL von ausurass OR Pratuirraz.

SOUTH FORT. "Tarn HAYES'S nESTAUR ANT (Kap? By OLD WARHINGTnN PEOPLE.) 38, CH APFCL-STRE &T. REITIMATR9 GIVRN, CHOIR PARTIN!, PICNICS &C.. TESTIBLoNIALS PROY ALMOST EVER!' TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THB OLDBST BSTABLISTIRD IiRBrAURANT IN TOWN.

•••• _ Slipartmentli, Jr-urniEiberi IlouecesS, tzct

A BRRYSTWYTR, bnard-rPoidenee, public. and private r‘ APARIBitiNTS close sea front.—Mrs. Wittisms, Manhuntly

A BRRYSTIrYTH --4PARTNIEMTS ; moderate terms for September ; close to castle, beach, promenale ; piano. —Mrs. Pturnti HLGHES, BOderfOr, Sea View Place.

AN IDR AL HOLTDAY : DAMPING OJT. Novel. Delightful FoefsibTe, nomfortable, IneXpensive. " Camp .rerald." (Illus.), free. —Foil particular., J. W., CUNISITSGHAM, Yonnw Men's Camp, Douglas, i.O.M.

AIINSTOR —On the shores of Morecambe Bay. Good cottage TO LUT FURNISHBD. Very pleasantly sittlated.—Apply OALGA.BTFI, Ameide.

IDIA,NGoIi,-00mtortAble&I i"f ING11(10q ftnd Dube- I) bedded Room ; modernte.—Mrs. Jottm., 9, Regent it , BRognr.

TILACKPIIM %fn., yfrßa, 212, Central f)rive. —Homely I) A PAPTNILIST3 ; piano; beth; terms morlPrate.—Bonk Central Station.

TIDLACKPi S.S.—Oomfortable APARTKr (two Perons 2..), near station and sea.—Mr. W. ROBINSON, IE6. Lytham rd.

1L) ACK Pool..—Supmrior A PAPrst v' 'NT, o 1 2s. tw preone ; 1) bn‘rd is.— Mrs. FLETCHRR, 18. Kirby rd.. near Man- chester lintel.

T 3 ANC4OFt.—APARINIRNTS, one sitting-room. two ted- reorre ; comfortable ; oplendid view ; moderate.-9, BRYNTEG TERRACE.

BLACKPOOL, Superior APA HT NIIINTS, 2s. per night, for two nersons ; near Stations, Amusements, Sen. Board 43 —Misses CARTER, 114, Albert rd.

I)LA.CKPOOL.—Prib9e and Private APARTMENTS, three I ) minutes from st.tion and sea ; terms moderate.—Mrs. MOTTRAM. 219. Lythmn rd.

DLACK POOL —APARTMUNIS with ot without board. One minute from Central Station and eePi. Termb moderate.—MißS BLEAKLEY. 13, Vance rd.

BLACKPOOL, 8.9 —Good oomfortible APARTMHNTS, near :ioutb thore, 9tation And am —Mrs. GRuNDY, 59 Dean et.

-DLACKPCOL.—Mrs. MARSTON'S for APARTMRNTS, 107 Hornbv rd ; bed. cooklne, attendance, la. each pers3n; hoard from 4. Stamp for reply.

BL %OKPOOL Y M.o. ,k 1101111 AND CAMP, Bispoarn Lodge.- Beet A ncl Bn4rd f•om ?s. per day. Prospectus; post tree.—Mr. LKMIYt. JorrFsk ,eore•nry.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. DUCKSVr,RTS. Central Hotree. 12, Hon rd.. )ppo9lt HxuiPlatfo-rns ; reason able charges; homely, olesn, well-furnished. Stamp.

BLACK POOL.—APARTMRNM with or without board. Terms from 5e., without b aird 2s. 6d. Grand sea view. ---3• S. Cox. Prospect House, 33 Central Promenade.

BLACK POOL—Public and private APARTMIHNTS with or without board. Terms moderate. Sea view. Highly recomrnended.-Miss LAM Manchester House 56 Tyldesley rd.

BL ACK POOL—Public and Private APARTMENT ; charming sea view ; tnoderate terms. with or without board ; every borne Comfort; plane —Mrs. OooPice. Ashton; Howe 24. Wellington Terrace. Promenade.

DuaY.--Comfortable APARTMENTS, with or without 13 board, two minutes horn sea and rail, Mrs. 0. TOOLE, 3, Brennan' Parade.

CORRlS.—Furnished ()OTTA.(I)3 to Let for two or three months ; about 12s. per week—PIERCE, 57, Garnerld% en. Corr', H.f.3.0., North Wales.

CIOIA.BS BAY, Angiesey.-o)mfortAbie A eAR LANNI'S at liberty August 2?nd. Close to shore. —Terms moder ate.—Mrs. WILLI•II49. Chun,/10 140,26,,

OONNEL, neftr (Man.— Three Bedroom', Sitting-room Bath-room (h. mid o.); superior coking; attendince ; molernte. - Mr. PETER CUNNINGRAV.

4---', 1-- ~!--,,--, ,' , .7.•A‘ -3,,A.,,,, -,..6-d-- ', ' :.c_ - ;,-,...• . , ~-.-!.:-....t&u., IpT. ....... ... :

A 4H. bottle makes iffe delicious E. , Equally good as A HOT DRINK .., ~.,. for Supper. ~. Try it: Lemonade

lii , . . , . , ', II , - ~.`.. ' • • " , :„..... L 1... ' ''. *'. _ . '' 'i s:* ••• ~,,,,,, ~ ~A - • fke3,. - • . < . ..„.....-k ' • , • .. • • • -4<t -- In view of the tremendous interest which has been created through our previous Limericks, we have decided to make a further offer. e- •,., . • •-,1. 17.,, ,t - . . . il • 4 1 ~1 11140 * ':-; ~ A' '..'• ..1:- tl, ' '';r ....:.:'34 • I ...,;01 '..4:,, , ~. ie.. $) •74 .4, qi,..r 1 . ? ist t,' rize A37 137E1 ,4 "•;.. till: ,-.• .. IAI 9 9 .... ,A 15 3rV., ' , 4. c 9 .... . £5 3c, Prizes cf ii each ioo Prizes of los, each. • • The conditions of this skill competition are perfectly simple. All you have to do is to fill in the last line of the Limerick . which is shown below, and then send it in accompanied by a wrapper of a packet of LIPTON'S Tea, which entitles the reader to send in one Limerick. You may send in as many Limericks as you like, so long as a Lipton Tea wrapper is accompanied with each Limerick. The judge in this competition will be SIR FRANCIS BURNAM) late editor of "punch,' whose decision in all cases must be final MaXXIIIirrCOMg- 9 ra BY SPECIAL ' ..li. APPOINTMENT. . - - AL. ea The Finest the World can Produce. LIMERICK. Said a charming young lady of Wye, "Of all other Teas I fight shy, For since every-test • Proves that LIPTON'S is best, • • I agree to abide by the decision of SIR FRANC' 4 BURNAND as final, and enter the competition on that distinct understanding. Signature Address Envelopes must be addressed—Lipton's Limerick, 35, Surrey-street, Strand, W.C. Note that all Limericks must be posted not later than the last post on Tuesday, Sept. 3rd. LOCAL BRANCH: Bilge street, Warrington,

other SeNets Syrup

11° Frt Jbl ,a Ples _ are best made with t'ne, juice of stewed fresh fruit and Brown ez Poison's " Patent " Corn Flour Simply stew the fruit until soft with a little water and from one half to its own weight in sugar according to the ripeness strain to get the juice, boil up with Corn Flour as for a Blancmange, and pour into a mould. You will turn out, when cool, a delicious, appetising and thoroughly wholesome jelly. It's all so easy, you can't go wrong.

TAKE HORLICK'S MALTED MILK AND KEEP STRONG. ,REQUIRES NO coottiNG• Samples, 34, Farringdon Road, London,.E.C.

fliforeltantows, •29n oalts, eft.

A DOING SCALE. —Adds and reduces £ s. d. P.O. is. 6d. 11- —Doza,ow.tica, Lion lane, Eiaelemere. -- Q DOZEN PENNY GOOD 3, Is. post free.—From F. C.,, RUTTER, 261, Clapham rd., London.

NI 0108 -TOURI N G, at home or abroad, conducted by _L gentleman owner.—Write LEIGHTON, 6, Princes at., Ipswich.

ECOaDS EXCHANGED.—New, 2s. 6d.; Second-hand, LI Is. doz.—Di,coaPaoarz EXCHANGE Co., Torhill rd., Torquay.

BHST PRICE FOS OLD EU itNITURE, Antiques,Pictures and Violine.—Address J. E., 2, Edison rd., Patricroft. (So dealers).

Olb TANKS, band made, round or square. braes tap and screw ; 10 gallons, Be., 9e., 10s., tree.—ALLEN, MI ton Platte, Hull.

RHMNANT bundles Damask Tablecloth lengths, 6s. carr. paid. Extraordinary bargains.—Dussi, Looms, Dunfermline.

WOttNIS in Does ; ' • Keeperl " kills ; no starvatiln. —Of Chemists, Is. 6d. per box, or post free, 2, BUSS ax. W.. Scutbsea.

HOLIDAY Snapshots developed, printed, enlarged by Bxperts ; price list free.—iiENElON, Photo Vi orks , Nottingham.

H 0 NOLIKEIBLIiI Sportman sending stamped address Will reeetve brilliant selection.—C. C/oArEri, Marino Outtage, Newmarket.

DOGS speedily cured of skin Diseases by Young's Dressing Bottles 16.6 d. Post free.-39, LEAMINGTON Timatcs, Bdinburgh.

UOR Wholesale Price List of 6DO articles. imitable foe aid .nd 40. Bazaars and Shopkeepers.—Apply ScAi Bazaar Dept., Market, Leeds,

-VUllB.—Dyeing Re-dyeing. Cleaning and Druglog at 1 lowest charge..—Boos & BROECKER, 43, Tower Hainleta d., Walthamatow, London. N.E.

f'IOMBINATIONS. Ladies' woven, Merino finish, onsbrinkable, pink, natural; 2s. 9d. post free.— bIi.I.RMAN, Draper. Northampton. fl ROCitIIS Buying by post saves 20 per cent. Our Lis 1 shows In plain figures. Send for one. free.-11AYBOULD WHITEHOUSE, LIMITED, Dudley.

ULA.iTIO STOCKINGS 21. 6d.1 Lezgings Es. Zd., Knee- Li caps 2s. each ; measurement form free.—NEW BRITISH RUBBER CO., Lord st.. Southport.

‘c 10111 HANSON'S" SOLUTIONS, 240 masterpieces le. 6ti. JL Stamped address.—Dr. NEwMINN, 159, Beulah Villas, Holmesdale, SeMurat, S

6 tDBODAR," Delightful Antiseptic PHSFU 51H. Prevents Infections, Relieves He4daches, Is, 6ci. and 2s. 9d. Postage 3d.—CORDER, Chemist, Sunderland.

SEND le. ONLY and secure a pair of Ladies' or Gents 10s. 6d. boots. State size, and lace or button.— " NoramPts," 106, Colne rd., Burnley.

ULASTIC STOCKINGS. 2s. Gd. ; Knee-Caps, 2s. Suspen- sary Bandages, Is. each from Manufacturer—W. H. MADDOCK, Alfred st, South, Nottingham.

eIIGAREI ! I !—J. B. Muriaa (blue label), 1904 I Crop, 100 k.../ carriage paid for P.O. 25, 6d. ; 60, 134.—A. SANSGM, Importer, 120, Beckenham rd , Penge, 8.8.

DAZ AAR GOODS (Special), le. and 6d.—Greateet variety and value irs the trade.—S.r.r.moN & AIATTHEWSI.I.N. Ltd., Plough Buildings, Gloucester at., Birmingham. GCULLBT, Broken Pale Green Bottle Glass, Plate and Sheet Glass Wanted.—Bxestsioß Glass 'Noma, Withington at., Broad at., Pendleton, Manchester.

CIILIINDAR and Diary information (Sun, Moon, Tides, &e,) implied to printers and publishers by the OALENDE AGENCY, 7 Derwent Villas, Whetstone, London, N.

GRISTs' TWIND SUITh, 235., honestly worth 30e. ; Overcoats, Ills. 6d. ; Trousers. se. 6d,, carriage paid ; Bead chest and leg measure.—Swkirt, linaphill, Surrey.

PLUMJ.—Fresh, band picked fruit, direct from growers, sent out in neat packages, carriage paid ; speciality ; Egg Plums, 3s. 6d. per 241 b. Null list free.—Fn FRUIT Co., Evesbam. TNOREASE YOUR INCOME BY TRADING.—Send for William Cotton's 6s, parcel of Jewellery, Hosiery, Lace, Haberdasberv, Overalls.—WEEKDAY (311088. Nottingham. Established IE4B.

ASTHOLOGY.—Horoscope,Life.livents,Changes,Portunate Days, Business Success, Matrimony. Two years' future.—Send birth date, is. P. 0., Prof. GOULD, 27. Windsor rd., Newport, Mon.

LOOK I To poultry keepers.—String netting, waterproof, lb. mesh, for enclosing poultry runs, &0., twenty square yards, Is. ; sent any width or length.—H. honmort It Co., Net Works, Rye, Sussex.

ADDRHSEIRD NOTHPAPHR.—Stamped (own dye) or printed any colour, 20 quires, 500 eo7elepel. 7a. 6d. to 911., carriage paid. Samples post free.—PoasEv, 13, West- bonrue square. Paddinaton, W.

G 001) Chap Presents, sure to please ; special lot, 10.. 6d ; Fountain Pens (ladies or gents), double mounted,bighlv ebased, le. eacb, 3 for 2s. 6d.-111situvA.Crufurto Co., 66 Yertmry rd., Hol'.oway, London.

c LIHATHERWIII4HT ' Letter Copier (15oz ), with Book and complete Outfit. Compact cloth case. For Travellers and Secretaries. Send cheque 12s. 6d.—lfoolox, ELDRED & Co., 58a, Ellswick rd., Lewisham.

J IMERICK TIPS, 3 winners last week; Editor, expert- -1..4 enced in Limericks, will send for Is. P.O. six smart catchy last lines for any one Limerick mentioned.—COMPET, 10, Grove Mansions, The Grove, Hammersmith.

E4A WHEK FOR LlFH.—Carefully prepared book of information, showing how secured by every intelli- gent man or woman with steady self-effort; no uncongenial emy loyment or loss of social position. Post free, 7d.— PUBLISH KR, IA, Queen at., Rochester, Kent.

'ItIAKSS THB GLOSSY—Ladles SOFT AND GLOSS.—Ladies can LVI procure dainty box of seven packets Veers Sbampoo Powder by sending Is. P.O. to VEAPA 00., 17 Alderney at., London, S.W. Sample packet sent for 2 penny stamps.

100 BILLHBADS, Memos. Business or Visiting Cards, 18. 3d., post free ; 50 sheets of Notepaper with your address printed on each sheet, and 50 envelopes tor 16. 3d., post free.—DALLts & Co., 39, Park st., °Ambridge

BARDEN) FENCING WIRE in i-cwt. reels, 2?.4 yards, 7e. per reel ; rain Galv,nizad Wire in 1-cwt. bundles, 7CO yards, 12r. per cwt. Wrought Iron Standards, Is. 3d. each.— (W Dep.). BuTLErt, Bell Works,Wolverhampton. Established 1828.

CiAMHHAS direct from the Maker.—Half-plate triple V extension, turn-table, T. and I. shutter. back symmetrical lens, 3 D.D. slides, stiff waterproof case, £3 12s. 6d. Money returned if not acceptable.—JEP3oN, Photo Elpecialist, Darwen.

'POUR Valuable Recipes, how to make your own coffee to 12 cost ld. per lb, to cure eummer cold, to prevent blood- poisoning by wounos, to have a fine skin by making yout own cosmetic ; all for Pr). le., stamped envelope.— M. 61, Meerebrook Bank rd., Sheffield.

Q ALVANIZIM COERT-GATED SHEETS, all warranted sound, 31t4 9d, ; 4ft., 11. ; oft., is. 3d. ; 6ft., is. 6d. ; 7ft., is. 9d. ; 91t., 2s. ; 9ft,, 2s. ; 10ft., 2s. 8,1. each ; ridging, 3d. per ft. ; spouting, 3id. per ft.—(W. Dep.), But.En, Bell Works, Wolverhampton. Establishel 1826.

DOTS FROM TUN POTTRRIBS.—" Our Guinea Summer 1.. Parcel." 36 Plates, 4 Meat Dishes, 2 Vegetable Dishes, 2 Gravy Boats. Blue Printed Design. Tea Set, China, 21 pieces ; blue, red, or green and gold. Flower Pot, large. Badger Ware for Churches, ilestaurants.—THE TUXEITILL POTTERY CO., Tunstall, Staffs.

pOItAX SALT for killing weeds on garelPn walks, 2s. per cwt.—WARRINGTON BORATE CO., LTD., Stag Bridge, Warrington.

6. DgitlidON'S " EIOiAJTIONS ; final list. Is. ; .1 without this you are beaten.—DetzlEt. 24, Castle at., Udinburgb.

BHAUTIFUL DEiHES LENGTHS from 45. 9d. Carriage paid, Pa tterllll free.—HERBILASS, 24, Connaught rd., Liverpool.

AQUANTITY of SPLIT POLN TOPS, suitable for rustic fence cheap.—BEl/CKENBLTHY & CO., Ladder Mae era, 36, City rd., Manchester.

I‘IIIAT SAFES, superior design, sub ./ stantial, roomy, 2s. 325. 6. ; novelties and specialities ; catalogue free.— PARKER, Automoto Works. Baguley. Altaincham.

T° TFAlnifiliSanl Manure Manufacturers. —Shoddy Dirt on Salecheap ; price Bs. for waggon load of 4 t,,r ; cash with order.—Apply JAMES LEES, WilloW et. Mill,f)lnani.

MANUFACTURRILS surplus stock. Handsome glass Biscuit Burets with massive silver-rkted mounts Post free 51. 6d. eacb.—STsrwroß 6. Cburch it., Cardlff.

XRAYS BOLIPSRD. Yon can see through my lever Watch. Guaranteed. Excellent time-keeper, Postal Order se. 9d. free. —PHILLIP4, Chaux-sie-Fonde, SwitzerlAnd.

CIOUND. Five per Oent., Liao and Coke Co. Mortgage Debtntures for sale. Interest half yearly redeemab eat premium, for partieulars.—Apply H. ; F. Maitland Park rd., Hampstead, S. W.

rrHOUSANDS sold, New Scissors SHAttPliNitit, simple 1 and easy 6d. will bring one to your door from the inventor. —H. HOvEII, i 3 Wandle rd., Croydon, Surrey. (Agents Wanted.)

DIANO, quite new, line upright, splendid tone, Marqueterie Inlaid Panels, maker Taylor, London ; cost 35 guineas ; will take 14 guineas ; a bargain.-89, BEWSEY ST., Warrington.

I AI)DHRS for all purposes Pole S'eps, Trestles, ElandcArts, IA Barrows and Contractors' Plant ; Nindow ()loaners' Telescopic Ladders speci dity.—BRACIKENBURY & Co., 36, City rd., Manchester. Tel. 6353.

0 U 14 HOLD LINENS, Sample parcels containing tablecloths, trapoloth, pair pillow cases, pair buck towels, 7s. 61. and 10s. Ed. catriage paid. Satisfaction guarankeed,—NOHTlL BEtTIIcH LINEN Co., 60, Andrew Square, Edinboro'.

ryiEtE GRAND OLD MAN that was (Gladstone), one of .1 England's noble6t and greatest statesmen ; a Bold Medallion of him in massive relief In Antique Bronze ; splendid for hall or corridor ; a pleasing and lasting memento for sale 3heap.—Howm.., Mamie.

the principal Province of Canada, offers most O NTfaAvßoutlriable opportunities to strong young Men and others desirous of engaging in Farm Work. Female Domestics in great demand at high wages. For particulars apply 03trarao GOVERNMENT AGENEY.7, James st.,Liverunol. FrO F iIiMERS, ETC.—WILL OuLsalsr, Sadler, 3, Copy 1 Nook, Blackburn, has for quick Sale all kinds of Light and Heavy Harness. also 1,000 sundry lots Bridles, Haman, Saddles, Breechings, all parts Harness, &c. ; 2,10 Collars, all sizes, from 3s. each ; Riding Saddle, 15s. ; New Set Harness, £4 ; Chain Gears, 30s.

RUBBER GOODS arid every description of Surgical and Domestic Appliances at half usual prices ; valuable Information and illustrated list free ; four splendid samples Is., or ten assorted 2s. 6d. (worth ss).—W. B. DOSEAS & Co., Manufacturers, West Norwood, London.

VIV IRE NAILS (Mixed), Bs. 64. per cwt, 281bs, 2s. 3d.; Screws, mixed. 28s. per cwt, ?81bs 7s. 6d.; Wire, Out, Wrought, and Malleable Nails. Taal!, Rivets, etc-, etc., wholetale-prices.-11iLLA.No NAIL WonKs, 25 to 28, Rea it., Brimitigham, C. W. HAYLHS, Proprietor.

SUP ftR FL UO U S HAIR and MOLlii.—Perfected Hiec- trolysis (by Mr Parke's invention) supersedes all other sviterns in rapidity for permanent destruction. The only method which never disappoints. By appointment only— Stamped envelope to Mr. HOBERT J. PARKES, 2, Church st., bonthport.

24,00 9 S&TISFIBD. I will give (as advertisement) a Handsome Paris Diamond Brooch, to every one sending 2s. 6d., for my vetrcel of Jewellery consisting of 18ct gold filled curb Bracelet, with look, necklet with charm photo pendant, boll two photos 'crew tap, all 18ct. gold Med.—HUGHES, Fancy Jeweller, 87, High et, Princes Bad, Tipton, Stsffs.

C HINA GILT SECONDS, h. doz.; Earthenware Second' from Bd. doz. ; Dinner, Tea, Toilet Ware, great viriety; Chapel, Church, Caterers supplied ; badgei ware hotels, schools; 100 doz. seconds sound articles £3, safely pAcked ; hassling' crates nearly 1,000 articles 38s. 61. Cheapest In trade. Write for free Iists.—ARTHIIII J. HULL, Normacot Works, Longton, Staffs.

GALVANISLD CORRUGA.THD SHEETS, all warranted sound; 31t., 9i. ; 4ft., is. ; sft., ss. 3. ; 6ft. is. 6d, ; 7ft., is 9d. ; Bft., 2s. ; 91t.. 2s. sd, ; 10ft., 2% Si eAch ; ridging, 3d. per foot; spouting. 3ad. per foot. BARBED FENCING WIRE, in fowt. reels, 224 yards, 71. per reel ; plain, galvanised wire, in lewt. bundles, utrions gauges, 12s. per cwt. ; wrought Irm standards, ls. 31. each.—BuTtErt , Bell Works. Wolverhampton, Established 1828.

30orgt5, Bogs, Elbe *trait ttr.

NOTICE to Gentlemen and Tradesmen,—Two excellent Cobs, 13It hands and 14k bands, 5 years old ; quiet In harness ; prices £l2 and £2O ;or lend till November. Also Harness. Trap and Float.-8, SCH3MI3ERG ST., Boaler et., Liverpool.

OAN MARE 15 hs.nds, 6 years old; suitable for Hansom or light Landau, Dairymen, Grocers, Butchers, Bakers and others ; Warranted quiet,sound and good worker; reason- able trial allowed. No further use cause of sale ; price 20 guineas,—Apply. 44, CHERRY RD., Boughton, Chester. Trains pass.

INIH OF CONTHAOT.-Ei Cart Horses, 2 Van Horses, 1 and one strong Harness Horse; also 2 useful Cobs ; above are guaranteed sound, good workers on hard or soft ; 5 to 6 years ; £lO to £3O ; 1 month's free trial ; Floats. Carts, Harness, cheap' —2, CHILDwALL PRIORI ROAD, near Broad- green. Old swan, Liverpool.

Ottbtral

LICZBISIA.—AII sores and skin-diseases quickly cured ; -EA sample free.—BIARTIN,II, kleadowbank st.,Dumbarton. "ITCHING Relieved.—Eczema, Piles, cured. Dr. Sandford'. 1 American Speciality. Post Is. bd. —GARLAND. Chemist, Cannock.

FHROKLH CURB (Harmless) removes freckles, however obstinate. Recipe 21.—Mr. SICIKELL, 14 Hyland at., Birmingham. PILO-PILO ia the only sure cure for bleeding plias. Of all chemists, ii. 10. per box.—PiLo Co.. Trafalgar at., Burnley.

QURB, Safe Cure, forEezema, all kinds of sores arid skin- ...) diseases ; Sample sent free.—J. B. OdARTIN. 11 Meadow bank at , Dumbarton

DoNr MIND YOUR CORM. Cure them by using " Kurit," Corn Silk, 80. post free. (lives instant relief.—GßEEN, Chemist, Leyland, Lan3s.

A (MTH lIHENIATISM. New Scientific cure. Hartleys ti." Itheums." 18. Id., post pall, cures in 4 to 14 days,— HARTLETS, Health bpecialists, Leicester.

INCIPIBNT APPBNDICITIS. Don't neglect constipation or abdominal pains. Try " Gattrelis Antiicanaer Pills,' j free 2s. 9d,—TußarEß AND Co., Chemist, Peterbor"'.

I) HiSUMATIbIII.—Any one suffering from this pianful _it complaint should wiite to advertiser, wha has cured himself.—Address W. H. S., 13, King it., Brighton. U5TA8.1859.-Hul me's 'Best Female Pills' are sold in boxes, _EA is. Id., 2s. 9d. ; extra 41. 6d. Useful and instructive booklet post (rect.—M.llMM Chemists, Nottingham,

- - - rinth HAIII. —To stop it falling out, never failing remedy, 1 pint made tor few pence ; recipe, P.O. 6d. and stamped envelope.—A. SELTON. 12, Castle it., Trowbridge, Wilts.

EBTAB. 1853.—HuImes • Best Female Pills ' are sold in boxes, Is. id., 21. 9d. ; extra 4s. 6d. , metal and nstructlve booklet post free.—HuLm Es. Chemist, Nottingham

SPR CIAL OFFER ! —Dr. Lund's Remedy. GuArante3d to Cure Anxmia. This advt and la. P.O. secures full size 215. 91. box for trial treatment.-Imported by CoLsox, Chemist, Wolverhampton.

CAAIIOIINBR WANTS SITUATION single-handed or with ki help ;3t years last ; references ; experienced inside and out ; married when suited,—W. Itmox, Sadler's Wells, Bunbury. Tarporley, Cheshire.

QTBRILIi 314.RHIAG8 : Its Causes and Curative Treat- ment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for women. A new edition just published. Post free 3s. 9d., London.-BHELLEIT & CO., LTD., 38, Gracechuroh et.

STOCKTON HHATH, NEkR WARRINGTON. VALUABLB STABLINti, SLA.UOIITHEI HOUSE, SHIPPON, WORKSHOPS, YARD AND OTHRR BUsINRSS PREMISIRS. TO BO SOLD BY AUcTlo, BY MR. J. L. LANGFORD, AT THE BLUR BELL HOTEL, HORSE-MAli K KT STI4HT. WARRINGTO N,on Wednesday, September 41h, 1907, at 5 p.m., all those PRICMISIIS lying between OLD LONDON 'WAD and OAfKRLL STRIIRT, Stockton Heath, near Warrington, consisting of Slaughter House, Shippon or Clem House, large five stall Stable, 'with loft and worabhop over, large Trap Shed, Store Room, and large well-paved Yard. In th 2 respective occupation of Mr. J. Harrison, Pork Butcher, Mr. W Tedcastle, Contractor, and Mr. G. Norman and others at nominal rentils. The property is of rao ?ern construction, having been built only six yeirs, and the stables. slaughter bonier and yards are well concreted and paved, and they are suitable tor any of the above or other trade purposes. Contents of Land stout 553 ware yards. Tenure Freehold, subject to a Chief Rent of £4 per annum. Further particulars may be had from the Auctioneer at his 'offices, 23, North John Street, Liver pool; or from MASSRS. MAROUS & CO., Solicitors, Broad Street Avenue, Loudon, E.C.

ROBERT L9WE• ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER, & VALUER OiEno and Salerooms: No, 1, BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. TELEPHONE, No. 65. DASH ADVANCED ON GoolbS DEPOSITED FOR SALE. New and Second-band lenrnitore and other Goode constantly on Sale by Private Treaty. Inspection Invited Furniture, so.. warehoused,

MEM PRETTIRST PL.kNT on Barth, the Amin,mn Puebla; I always in full bloom, in flower ten months out of twelve : quite hardy ; two la. 6d., four 2a. 6d.. post free T. B. MADDEN. Ballvrourrv, Roscommon, Ireland.

MANUR &.5 MANURES. JAMES TOOLE & SONS, MANURE MANUFACTURERS, LONGFORD WORKS. WARRINGTON. Telegrams—TOOLE. LONGFORD WORKS WARRINGTON. Telephone. No. 299. BLOOD AND BONE MANURE Is the most valuable known, and one of the beet Fertilizers on the market. BPECIAL CONCENTRATED ORGANIC MANURE. Analysis—AMMONlA 4 to 5 per cent. PHOSPHATES 18 to 23 per cent. Price £5 per ton (Free on Rails Warrington). /SPECIAL COMPOUND MANURE. Analysis—Ammon/A— ......... ...I to 3 per cent. PHOSPH &TES 5 to 8 per cent. Price ...... ...£3 per ton (Free on Rails Warrington Special Discount for Cash and Large Quantities.

61 TDE&L " Little Place FOR SALE, 7-ronmed Howse, acre Garden and Orchard. £675. £4OO can remain.— WiLsoN, Market Place, Reading,

TO BE SOLD by private treaty FRECEROLD HOUSE near 1 Winter Gardens. Pleasantly equated. Price £4OO. —Apply 74, MILLBOURNE BT., Blackpool.

BRINR LA.ND3.—Freehold laud, workshops and buildings, nearly WO yards frontage River Weaver; also large bands/3w, table. lathe (treble purchase) handcart and iron crah.—Apply 'I OmfriNaom, Lock et,, Northwich• INVIISTORS.—Rquity of 48 substantially built well, let weeklies. One lot or separately. Best situation round Manchester. Near cars and 9tation, Gross rental £922 7s. Price £2,3oo.—Apply J. SPARROW, Roleston House, Fallowfie/d. atapheeter

UHRICH OLD LAND situate in front of the P datine Works, WILDEIRSPOOL CAUSISWA.Y, Warrington and extend- ing from Priory-street to a distance of 186 yar is or there- abouts. To be leased in plots for building purposes. For full particulars apply to MESSRS. DAVIE'S & FORSHAW. Solicitors. Suez-street Warrington, or to the Palatine Works, Wilderspool Causeway. Warrington.

IpII.IONS PURCHASING RUSINICSSBS can be 1 accommodated with Capital at MALTRICE AND Co., 31, Cairo st.. Warrington•

DO YOU WANT TO SELL your Business 9—if so,consul Mr. CoWDELL. Business Agent, Legh at., Warrington USINIMSHS WANTED.—AppIy T. CowDELL, 31, Legh it., Warrington. CYCLE DEALBR'S Business for disposal, main street, together with the Repairing Shop behind ; all at valua- tion.—COwDELL, Legh it., Warrington. I\7 ICE Corner PORK and COOKED MEAT BUSINE*7S IN for disposal (owing to sickness) ; doing a fair trade; crily wants seeing to sell ; price for all 210.—CowDELL, Legh et., Warrington. kAr ARRINGTON --:-High-claas CONFECTIONER'S, Cater- ?' ing, and Home-made Bread Business for disposaLmain street ; splendid display window. &•,. ; a sure living to the right people.—Apply T. COWDaLL, Business Agent, 31. Legh st.. Warrington.

Confectionery, Tobacco, Stationery ; takings £3 weekly; price £ss.—EwEsts, Cavendish Avenue, New Malden• To LET or Sell, Market Garden, 10 wires, g ood house near Douglas, Isle of Man ; Mr. Kelly, Woodfield rd., Cheadle Hulme, Manchester.

FOR SALE A good genHine Coal Bag ging and Waggonette business good living for suitable person. t Cheap, Owner going Abroad.—Apply 79, ALDER LANE, Hindlev Green, near Wigan.

ej IIN BROWN, 34, SOUTH JOHN bT LIVERPOOL. TBL. 179 Y CENTRAL, HAS A VARIETY OF BUSINESSES ON HAND TO SITIT ALL CLASSES OF BUYER'..

QTOCKS AND SHARES. Gentleman receiving valuable 1.3 information from insiders will advise operators. Big pr fits.—Address, ' tiIIAREE,' 51, Rustlings rd., Sheffi4l. riio CAPITALISTir—CAPITALISTS WA.NTRD to form a LIMITED COMPANY, with £75,000, to take over and exploit a VALUABLE UP-TO-DA.TIi PATIINTRD INVRN- TION relating to an Improved System of Cleaning Houses. Cleansing rnalhines with sand-jets already in good working order. LARGE PROFITS PROVED. Genuine investment. For full particulars apply by letter to A. HOWARD & CO., Financial Brokers t 35 DERONDA ROAD, HERNE; HILL, LONDON, S.E. CAPITALISTS.—REQUIRED CAPITALISTS to form 1 a LIMITED COMPANY, with £50,000 to take over and enlarge an OLP-BSTABLIiHED AND WitLL-107OWN FANCY GOODS FACTORY IN NUREMBERG, BAVARIA, working several valuable patents. cJood manufacturing profits proved. EXCELLENT PROSPECTS. Best refer- ences. For frill particulars apply by letter to A. Ho WARD & CO., Financial Brokers, 35 DELIONDA ROAD, HERNE HILL, LONDON, S.E,

BUILDHR seeks work ; bungalow lodge £80; quaint cottage £l6O. refs.—DENTON, Bungalow G.N.S., Wood Green, N.

WANTBD, SHOP-MAN, used to Booking-keeping.— Apply letter only CARTER AND SON, Corn Dealers, Warrington.

rIHHISTIAN District Ginvaseers for local Mission publica- lJ Mons ; references required.—BLlE MARY, Guernsey. Quote paper.

AkiTIQURS Wanted, Old Glass, China. Lace, large variety for eal; commissions undertaken ; highest references. —Mies IDA PRYOR, 10, New Quebec et., London. W.

WANTHD, at or ce FINICRY IitONERS and WACKHRS T and Sorters ; best wages. fares paid.—Apply BLAcir- Poor, & PRII%CESS LAUNDRIES, LTD., New rd„lll.cknonl.

DOUBLH YOUR INCOMIC.—Agents with spare time wanted in all districts to solicit orders for Tailoring on easy terms. Liberal commission.—Grorteis: HILL & Co., Wholesale Tailors, i'danohester. INSURAN,III for Tradesmen and Farmers, Agents required in unrepresented districts by the Traders Insurance Co.; special terms offered; splendid opportunity for pushing men. —MANAGER, 36 Westgate Chambers. Newport.

SPARE—TIME AGENT, each district, to devote few hours weekly taking orders. Large profits easily made, outside regular employment—Write for trade terms and particulars. MEAD CYCLE COMPANY, Agency Dept. 713 Y, Liverpool. KRA CKERS KN AOKERS ! KNACKERS !1 ! Best possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miles —.115.1Es TOOLE AND SONB LTD., Manure Manu- facturers, Longford Works, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole, Longford Works, Telephone 299,

UAIRHAVHN LADIES' HIGH SCHOOL. Fine position J. Staff Twenty-one Resident and Viliting Teachers, 8.A., Mids. Doc., Ao. Swedish Gymnasium. Hockey and tennis Grounds.—Miss MILLZN.

lj I3HFISLD OOLLIIGH, BlSPHANl.—Boarding School for Girls. Facing sea ; bracing air. Thorough educa- tion. Physical Training. Inclusive terms. Plincipals, the Mises IRELAND.

A INSDALU, near Southport.—Home :iehool for La. Girls (BoarAers). Mod.inclu.Refe.- TaoßNviLic,Station rd.

17.11 AN Y HOUSI SCHOOL, HOY LAKE, CHRSHlRE.—Principals : Miss OHAPPViN and Miss GREEN. Education on beat modern linea. Preparation for Examinations. Reaident Foreign Governess, Autumn term begins September 20,h.

Li. EliNtk.ST WILKH, A.L.CA., Professor Ot JL Music, Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Chu rnh, PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTER- POINT, MUSIOAL FORM. Upwards 01 100 CertlfiJates and Prizes gained by pupils. Lire three-manual organ for pupils' practice. —For terms 'app.y 134, LOVELY LANE and LEGH ST.. vVarrington.

N.ZOUTfiPORI' MODERN ..‘!:CdOOL.—AN IDEAL I:WHOM. FOR BOYS. First-Oa,a education, good home, and healthy sarroundings, Swimming, Gymnastles,) CAdet Company, a,nd Rifle Range. Foreign boys received. Usually full. Frospectus Irn

11 ANU 11 hSIE II UttAMMM- 6UIAUUL Fee 24 4s. Cd., god £5 51. Od., per term. The NEXT TERM Beams 8 isPTEMBER 17th. 3 ' c 2,71 Entrance Examination, Monday, September 16th, at 9 a.m. Prospectuses and forms of application, etc., may be had at the school. The boarding-house in connection with the school is situated in ifig`ler Elrough`.on. OWEN W. COX, Receiver.

VA7 ARRINGTON OKANIgAtt SCHOOL. The NEXT TERM WILL BEGIN ON THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12Tit, Parents can be interviewed at the School on Wednesday, September 11th from 11 to 1 and from 3 to 5. NEW PHYSICS and CHEMICAL LABORATORIES, WORKSHOP, LECTURE ROOMS, RTC. Preparatory Form for boys from to 12 years of age. Prospectus and School List on applicition. VERN B. DAVIHS, Law Clerk and Receiver to the Governors.

QTOCKTON LODGE HIGH SCHOOL, STOCKTON 0 HEATILWARRINGTON (3 minutes from Car Terminus DAY AND BOARDING SCHOOL Fon GIRLS, KINDERGARTEN. PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Large House, extensive grounds and playing fields. Excellent Resident Staff and Visiting Master. and Mistresses Great successes in Examinations. The next Term will com- mence on Tuesday, September 17th. PROSPECTUS, Referenc,s and Views on application to PARTINGTON, PRINCIPAL.

pRPAI FuR YOUR PROFES3ION. BY PASSING YOUR PRELIMINARY EXAMINATION. RAPID AND SUCCESSFUL POSTAL TUITION GIVEN BY MASTERS OF CULTURE AND EXPERIENCE. NUMEROUS RECENT SUCCESSES. FEES—g 2 2s. PER TWELVE WEEKS COURSE. STUDENTS NOW BEING PNROLLED. PROSPECTUS AND ALL INFORMATION FREE. SKERRY'S COLLEGE. 5, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Poultn), oggs, ett.

FOWL COBN, 7e. 6d., 10e. 64., 12e. 64. 2401b5. ; Pia Food, 7.. 64. and Poultry Meal. Bs. and Ns. per 2001b5.. ROCHE AND 00 15 florae piaaras. Licerponl. Mautfon paper.

BDATES' GAS and OIL ENGINES, successfully exhibited at all important shows ; hundreds in use quick delivery ; all sizes ; speciality Suction Gas Engines and Gas Plants.—W. J. BATES & 00. (LTD.), Denton, Manchester. Tel. 50 Denton.

IT IS wokan YOUR WHILE to BUY YOUR LUBM- CANTS DIRECT. RELIANCE HIGH-CLASS NON- CORROSIVE largest rale in the world. ENGINE OIL, 110.. CYLINDER OIL 311 d., MACHINERY OIL, Md., SPINDLE OIL 94.1., GAS Ti;OIGINIS OIL, Ls. 6d., DYNAMO OIL, is. 6€l. per gallon ; in barrels, free and carriage paid.— RELIANCE LUBRICATING OIL COMPANY, 19 and 20, Water lane, Great Tower at., London, H.C. Also 99, Great Clyde st., Glasgow ; I,Sandlaill.Quayside,New3astle-on-Tyne.

pATEST OF F ICE ZIANCHESTEIIit. 118TABLISEISED IN 1835. tdossrs. GEORGE DAVIES I SON have ha: more than 40 years personal !experience in connection with this Establish. merits andpossess practlnalknowledne of the cotton,woollen and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law,' price fid. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. DAVIES, OM., 1 SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A ST. ANN S SQUARE, HAW/HESTER .

T. GEORGE'S IRON WORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod) 0 Grierson and Co.), Huline. Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PATTERNS in the trade. In addition have purchase. all Wheel, Puliey and Tooth Block Patterns Icc., telonglng to the late Henry Wren and Co., London-road Iron Works, Manchester, and are in a position to Supply CASTINGS, Millwright,and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly,—Catalogues of Wheels and l'ulley Patterns on application. NT,, No. 219, Manchester: relegrapble address: " Ormerod Grieraon. Manchester."

CONS U MPTION (P lITH ISIS) ASTHMA AND BRONCHITIS POSITIVELY CURED. Letters like the following prove conclusively that the IIERN TREATMENT FOR CHEST DISEASES does effect complete and lasting cures of Consurupton and other so-called " Incurable" comptsints. CONSUMPTION CURED IN THREE MONTHS, " Holbeck, 'Leeds. " Dear Sir,—lt is with great pleasure that I give you this unsolicited testimonial. lo October, 1933, I had an attack of Pleurisy ; after that I gradually got worse and worse. I had a constant hacking cough, much ex pee: toration, and two bleed- ing attacks. "I also had night sweats, which weakened me very much. At last, like a drowning man grasping at a straw. I decided to try the 11ERN TREATMENT FOR CONJUMPTION. I started under the treatment in November, 1934, and after three months treatment (in the worse possible months of the year) I am thankful to say I was CURED. " The bleeding and expectoration ceased and I now feel as well as ever I did. When I started the treatment I weighed 9at. 111 b., and now I weigh lOst. 101 b., so I have gained 131 b. The treatment is worth its weight in gold. You can make what use you like of this. Thanking you on, e again for your kinkiness to me.—Yours sincerely, R H. W." The original of this testimonial can be seen at the Consulting Rooms. THE HERN TREATMENT has proved itself durinsr the past fifteen years to be the most successful method of treat- ing ALL CHEST AND LUNG DISEASES yet discovere 1. Apart from the remarkable curative properties of the remedies advised, one striking reason for this continuous success is that EACH CASE lb TREATED SPECIALLY, by a Specialist, on practical and rational lines. It is impossible for one medicine to cure all cases ; to make lasting cures each case must be given special treatment suitable to the constitution, age, sex and the extent and severity of the complaint. That is the only right method. MOST OASES ARE QUITE CURABLE, and none should be considered " hopeless "so long as this Treatment has not been tried. Cough, Phlegm, Blood-spitting, Wheezing, and Tightness at the Chest, Shortness and Difficulty in Breathing. Pains in Chest and between Shoulders, are quickly relieved, and soon cease altogether, whilst lost weight is regained and per- manently retained. The Treatment can be followed out at home, and does not interfere with any occupation. Com- plete cures of the most severe cases are usually effected in one, two, and three months. Whenever possible a personal interview is preferred ; if not convenient, all particulars of complaint should be forwarded, and. Mr. Hem n will in each case give his candid opinion as to the possibility of a cure. Consultations, either personally or by letter, FREE OF OHA11(11i. HOURS 10 a.m to 12.30, and 2.33 to 7.30 p.m. Send a Post-card stating day calling. ADDRESS: PROFESSOR I-1. ERN. SPECIALIST IN CHEST DISEASES, 12, BRAZENNOSE STREET, DEANeGATE, M ANCEI KSTER.

GARNETT'S NEW DEPARTMENT" to suit all classes. Call and look through the new premises adjoining the old show- rooms SANKEY STREET. GARNETT'S•

'the Oraminer *erfts riIHE WARRINGTON & MID-OHRSHIRE EXAMINER 1 published every Siturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Piper for Warrington, Stockton Heath. Penketh, Winwlck. Padgate, Lvmm, B:c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covere i by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in south Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. rUHE RUNOORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday 1 morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. r"CMI4 WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday J. morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. THE EA lILRSTO ViiN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, publishei every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-1e- Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lawton Ac. The district tilde comprised is a moat important part of the Lancashire cuai fields THE ST. HELENS EXAMiNtitt, published every 1 Saturday morning ,circulating in St. Helens, Preston ' Parr. Sutton, Peaslev Cross, &c.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID A DVERTISENIENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISCELLANEOUS WANES ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. W eeke 18 ... Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 3s. 95. 27 ... Oa. 9d. ... 1.. 105. ... 3s. Od, ... ss. Od. 36 ... Is. Od. 2s. 65. ... 4s. Od. 6s. Od. 45 ... 13. 3d. ... 3s. id. sa. Od. 7s. Od. 64 ... is. 6d. ... 3s. 85. ... 6s, Od. 10s. Od

THE EXAMINER. AUGUST 24th. 1807

THE WARRINGTON FOOTBALL ANNUAL AND SPORTS RECORD, PULS OF LOCAL ATHLETIC INFORMATION, RECORD, AND PORTRAITS WILL BE NOW ON SALE. AT THE " EXAMINER " OFFICE AND ALL NEWSAGENTS.

„,,, • 41,-, '. :. Icro. for Infants, Invalids, and the Aged. The particular and important feature of Benger's Food is that it can be prepared to suit any degree of digestive power, according to the directions on each tin. In this way it wins back health and strength. Vhe ” Lancet " describes u\ as "Mr.Benger's admirable preparation."

...-4_.---..w,,, -.:Kak.75, VETS:I)::4:IMV:gi:I7ft-:;1:0•-....:: .7' • ~?-,..,?;W:•:,:::::.,!1:-,:•:g;n::::::•:t:c:.-F4'..:;:5.F.:f.. :':; .'"'r.f.:' '....':?.. ••••::::. '... . . ..t..:. .. Nt .. • '::.:, . .:'•i•t. . .*) .... *.•:: ...i.- ... : ...41,3:igsi ..:::: ' nis, - ' . ....':'. ' ' ..;• '.1'42 1( .. . • • . .. . : ...ff.', • : ....::: .?3:.,:•::: :::: ...--.• . ,:. : -... ::. ::i .. ........-:::,-, -.- .:... ..i:•:.... •••••:iff.i.;:::.. .., ..:/.... .. : •:: .::.:..,..., ....:. .. .i-..ii::, ....if,......- -A:•.:,:.. :•::,..p.-.::::-........:,:•.• • - -.. ...,:. ...,:....,...:::... •$,::.•-• . • •-•,.....:•:!::::. .:.::!::::),::.•• •••,,,,i;:.:...E..,.,.:.•••• .. ,::.1.-.•.z.:..,::::.::::;:.:;.,.s.).:•.::-..14:::::::::•,,,,,:::.,--. ....•-:i--• -:,,,•7•:.-,-•:•q:‘,E.. --- riiii.-ki1iF..,•.044••,. •N, ,i 1 --.- ..,,,i;:---,-.:. ---•••Iii*::,:.::•,,- :: :F::....---.:-.,.,-.,i,:•-•:,.,:.:.y-•-•-,.•.::.,,•,!.:•.:-..,.., ~,„,,, -... • - Ff:-:•:•::, .- ,mw .f:t.-.3:4:..1.:54:ii:: • ''.::::.:...::•./..:.:.,..: • -.. ~:- : . : - ....!.:::_;:.;y. -...: .; - :..iiii:-.--!!0.,:i ";',..4-4.'- ' 1,:i',.....*:`;': at 4 "..,,•.......- ''.--'-...'ig.i:7! •-..: .. : ::-:::::::9'.1-.41? :4-----,„, :•:,fi--::4 .... ; . - • ,• • • . . . , • .:,:-..,,, UNCLE =,,-‘,...-,.._ ---\ \,..iiiri , '''‘,,,,• , -.•-, 1 N,' -" • '? ~,-.., f.e.,,,:•,.4:::: • .......,:,:.__, 4- ... . .. ..: ;•:. • -.w•a• . ~..-,.•••,. •.• .:?.....i..fg-ii..\--.,,,, ,44d11W . ..,.. --- ~.1..- . .:...J -7p.. . , e... , .•. 41::2: ,•• • , CHILDREN, I • A BUNCH OF ROSES.

Dr. BAKER'S BACKACKE PELLETS Are a new remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing Backache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheu- matism, Sciatica, and all diseases of the Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain of Backache &c. A Sufferer says:—" I obtained quick relief from a terrible backache after taking a few doses of Dr. Baker's Backache Pellets. I Write at once enclosing 12 stamps for __ one box or 33 stamps for 3 boxes to '- rlu`" DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE Co., 1/11i. (13, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARK, LONDON, S.E.

Vitocolate MILK 711}yhesi =s7,stich.vd vi'

GOOD • , ITS , 114-7147-,7 MASON'S ----- -0- Av A _ %%nano 01.14 4, IIQ to* -,, • . _ HOW TO MAKE Grn.r.4 Lt 0 NS 8 BOTANIC BEER IN YOUR HOME. Mason's Extract of Herbs 0 0 5 Sugar #0 0 94 Yeast or Bann 0 0 14 • 2d. PER GALLON. 0-o—/-

MANUFACTURERS. THREE 00L11 :16:13.51.,. THE . A QUARTER OF A CY'S REPUTATIGN. "EMERALD " , 0.. The AC3113 of Perfection. REG. 1 0/6 1 Nii 116 & 118, Bridge St., Warrington. 47, Victoria Rd., Widnes. Ladies' Glace Kid Shoe, Black or Brown, Laced, --- 4111 as, Widnes Rd., Simms Cross, Widnes. Bridge St. 87, Marhet St., Earlestown. Button, Twin Bar, Derby Tie. No. 2148. 6, High Street, Runcorn.

I INSTANT RELIEF, INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of RAPID CURE of ; GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by GOUT AND RHEUMATISM bY , 1 PILLS .t EADE'S 1• .J-PAD-Fl'S PILLS. "RELIEF SOON CAME ! " " OBTAINED GREAT RELIEF." : 14, Howarth-street, North Trafford, Manchester, , Novembr 15th, 1906. 63, Sherwood-street, Oxford-road, Dear Sir,—For about sixteen years, I had been a Reading, October Ist, 1906. constant suferer from severe attacks of rheumatism, Dear Sir,—l am writidg these lines to you to testify oftenbeing confined to bed for ten weeks at a time to the value of your Gout Pills. My rather, who is and could get nothing to bring relief. 1 was, however now dead, was a great sufferer from Gout, in fact one induced to try your Pills, and of the worst sufferers in Reading, where we are well THE RELIEF I SOUGHT SOON CAME. known. My eldest brother is also a chronic sufferer, Since, then, on the slightest sign of the approach of and I myself suffer from the same complaint. ....ly my old pains I fly to your remedy, and by so doing father and brother succeed in warding them,off. I have the utmost faith OBTAINED GREW REM=Ce ' 11` m the efficacy of your Pills, and nothing would induce from taking your Pills, so it is natural that I shosild me to be without a bottle of them in the house ; in use them, and this I have done for the last five years, fact, my wife says to her friends that if the Pills were a and have always found them to almost relieve me at guinea a bottle she would rather go short in other once. lam still using them. Trusting you will not things than be without them a single week. take cffence at this poor letter, I remain, yours truly, Yours gratefully, JAMES BARLOW. J. HOPSON (a working man). EADE'S GOUT PILLS EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. jurbus matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent I Sold everywhere in Bottles, Is lid and 2s 9d, or post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, ( post flee for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor sent GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London. GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT 8c RHEUMATIC PILLS.

To Prevert Sick-Headache on land or sea—to correct sensations of giddiness—to remove the biliousness caused by change of diet—change of air—change of environment—you must take BEECHAM'S PILLS. You will then lose all your “liverishness;' have no more pain after eating, and your sick headache and giddiness will vanish. It is impossible To Zrj oy Voce Holiday if you are out of sorts. A box of BEECHAM'S PILLS will take up very little room in your travelling bag, and you never know when they will come in handy and most probably save you much suffering and expense. If you find that the change of living does not agree with you, or your appetite is not what it should be, you can at once put yourself right if you TAKE C rHI Amirs ILLS

eI-11N724, TEA. Very choice old-time Chi, a tea at 2s. Bd. per lb. Fagrant, aromatic, and such a tea as supplied by us nearly sixty years ago. WEBSTER BROTHERS, 73, MOORGATE ST., CITY LONDON E.C.

. . Recipe . . BOTANIC To make 8 Gallons Prime Beer in your Home BEER s. 1125011511 Extract of Herb o o 5 Yeast or Barm o o Send to-dm id. stamp to cover smstage, "HINTS IS) ON BREWING," which o 0 contains much valuable 20. PER GALLON. information. Newhall it Mason, Nottingham.

symiNGTows THE BEST ECONOMICA nimgL `-'l4 IN AND TIME SAVING THE CUP ougc,„, ...• imp„,lo MADE IN, MINUTE Of ALL LA Rc E • AND SMALL GROCERS BOTTLES

MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions ; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets: Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

Goddard's Matey - Powder cieaning si iverElectrt. Pia fele loici everywhere Ifr2ks. 4k,

iAftiNY SOUTHPORT.' 65,000 GUIDE BOOKS to this popular and attractive Watering Place on the Lancashire Coast are to be GIVEN AWAY POST FREE. Intending visitors should apply at once to J. WILKINSON, TOWN HALL, Sountroar.

THIS WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER is warranted to Cleanse the Bli,od from all impurities from whatever cause arising. In cases of ECZEMA, SCROFULA, SCURVY, GLANDULAR SWELLINGS, BAD LEGS, ABSCESSES, BLOOD POISON, BOILS, PIMPLES, RHEUMATISM, GOUT and all SKIN and BLOOD DISEASES, its effeets are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials of wonderful cures from all parts of the world. Remember that this wonderful Medicine WILL PERMANENTLY CURE ALL '11(11N& BLOOD DISEASE Of all Chemists and Stores, 2/9 per Bottle. BEWARE OF IMITATIONS.

IN CONSTANT FAMILY USE FOR OVER 100 YEARS. ATKINSON & BARKER'S ROYAL INFANTS' PRESERVATIVE:. THE BEST FOR TEETHING, CONVULSIONS' RICKETS, WHOOPING COUGH, Bottles I/li, 2/9, 4/6.

Births. DOVE.—On the 20th inst., at 131, Stockport-road. Levenshulme, the wife of Albert E. Dove, of a son. NICHOLSoN.—August 21, at Mayfield, Woodstock-road, St. Albans, to Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Nicholson, of a son. Marriages. GOUGH—HUTCHINGS.—On the 21st August, at St- Laurence's, Frodsbara, by the Rev. H. 13. Blogg, Cyril Phillip, youngest son of the late Philip H. Gough, of Wern, Salop, and Mrs. Gough, Ainsdalo, to Wlnifrid Mary, eldest daughter of William Nelson Hutchings, Frodsham, Cheshire. WHITE—MILLINGTON.—Angust 21st, at the Parish Church, Warrington, by the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, Frank Eaglesfield White to Emily Theresa Millington.
